Over 98 percent of the beef animal is used when it is processed. About 45 percent of the animal is used for meat and the rest is used for other byproducts including leather, china, glue, film, soap, pharmaceuticals, insulin, gelatins.

The meat from cattle is called beef. The average American eats about 65 pounds of beef each year.

Fun Facts

Cattle produce about 25 billion pounds of meat each year.

The combined value of the cattle and beef industry is $200 billion.

The hide from one cow can make 144 baseballs, 20 footballs or 12 basketballs.

Disneyland sells over 4 million hamburgers each year.

History of Cattle

Not long ago cattle were used for many purposes including meat, milk, and labor. Today beef cattle are raised primarily to provide people with meat, and hundreds of useful by-products. Most cattle graze on grassland that is steep, hilly, dry or rocky and not suitable for building houses or growing crops. The main reason cattle are raised in different climates and settings all over the world is because they can thrive on low quality rangeland feed and grasses.

Cattle are descended from a wild ancestor called the aurochs. The aurochs were huge animals which originated on the subcontinent of India and then spread into China, the Middle East, and eventually northern Africa and Europe. Aurochs are one of the animals painted on the famous cave walls near Lascaux, France. People started domesticating aurochs between 8,000 and 10,000 years ago. Cattle were domesticated after sheep, goats, pigs, and dogs.

Cattle were first brought to the western hemisphere by Columbus on his second voyage to the New World in 1493. Spanish explorer Hernando Cortez took offspring of those same cattle to Mexico in 1519. In 1773, Juan Bautista de Anza brought 200 head of cattle to California to supply the early California missions.

Cattles Amazing Stomachs

Cattle are ruminants. This means they have one stomach with four separate compartments. Their digestive system allows them to digest plant material by repeatedly regurgitating it and chewing it again as cud. This digestive process allows cattle to thrive on grasses, other vegetation, and feed. A cow chews its cud for about eight hours a day. When an animal chews its cud it is a sign of health and contentment. Other ruminant animals include deer, elk, sheep, and goats.

Life Cycle

Many ranchers run cow-calf operations. They keep a herd of cows to produce calves. The cows are bred to calve in the spring or fall. Cows, like humans, are pregnant for nine months.

Newborn

On average a calf will be 70-80 lbs. at birth.

Within the first couple hours after birth, newborn calves will be up and wanting to nurse.

Colostrum, a cow's first milk after birth, is very important to a newborn and should be consumed as soon as possible.

Colostrum contains antibodies vital for the newborn and has twice the calories of regular milk.

Calves are born with no protection from diseases, so their antibodies come from their mother's milk.

Calves absorb antibodies from the colostrum directly into their bloodstream through pores in their intestinal lining. Within the first few hours the intestinal walls begin to thicken and the pores close up. By the time they are six hours old they can only  absorb a fraction of what they need.

After filling their stomachs calves may feel like bucking and playing.

Calves

For the first three weeks of the calf's life they only drink their mother's milk, because their rumen is not yet fully developed. Rumen is one of the stomach chambers in ruminant animals. Humans do not have rumens. Between 3-8 weeks the calf goes through a transitional period where they start eating some hay and grass along with the milk. After eight weeks the calf's rumen should be fully functioning. The rumen will grow 25 times larger from birth to adulthood.

Tagging, Branding & Earmarks

A newborn calve is commonly tagged. Each ear tag has an individual number which helps ranchers pair the mother with their young and track the calf through its lifecycle. Within the first few months, the calves will be branded. A brand is an identification mark for cattle. It can either be a hot iron brand or a freeze brand. Some operations use earmarks, as an additional way to identify their cattle. During branding all calves are vaccinated to help prevent disease. The young male calves are castrated during the first few months. After castration, they are referred to as steers. 

Adulthood - Finishing

Calves are usually sold after they are weaned, at about six-eight months. After weaning, cattle are sent to feedlots for approximately 120 days where they are fed a high-energy ration of grain and hay. After this time called finishing, the cattle are sent to a harvest plant.

To keep the herd size approximately the same, ranchers save replacement heifers, females. The steers, males, will be sent to the feedlot while a few heifers are kept behind to raise and later produce calves themselves. Other heifers will go to the feedlot as well. Steers are more common in the beef industry, because they grow faster and naturally have more muscle.

The ideal breeding age for heifers is at least 14-16 months of age, depending on breed. Heifers should be about 65 percent of their mature weight before breeding.

Cattle Breeds

There are numerous breeds of cattle raised in the United States. Some breeds have been around for centuries, while others have been developed in the last couple of decades by mixing older breeds. Each breed is characterized by different traits suchs as size, weather tolerance, color, markings, hair length, and temperament.

There are two classifications, Bos indicus and Bos taurus. Bos taurus includes British and Continental. British breeds, also known as English breeds, are smaller in size than Continental breeds. These breeds are the foundation of the United States beef herds. Common English breeds include Angus, Red Angus, Shorthorn, and Hereford.

Continental breeds, also called Exotics, originated in Europe. They are larger in size, lean, muscular, and can tolerate hot climates. Continental breeds include Charolais, Limousin, Simmental, and Salers.

Bos indicus are humped cattle originating from South Central Asia. They are adapted to the stresses of heat, humidity, parasites, and poorly digestible forages. Bos indicus breeds are often found in the southern United States. Common bos indicus breeds are Brahman, Brangus, Beefmaster, Simbrah, and Santa Gertrudis.

Beef Nutrition

Beef is a nutritionally rich food and an excellent source of ten essential nutrients. A three-ounce serving of lean beef contributes more than 10 percent of the daily recommended value of protein, zinc, vitamin B12, selenium, phosphorous, choline, niacin, vitamin B6, iron and riboflavin. Beef is among the top food sources for protein, zinc and vitamin B12.

Some common types of lean beef cuts include, top sirloin steak, 95 percent lean ground beef, rib eye steak, T-Bone and tenderloin steak. The US Department of Agriculture's Nutrient Database shows that many cuts of beef are 20 percent leaner than they were 15 years ago. Half of the fatty acids found in beef are monounsaturated, the same good healthy fat found in olive oil.

Beef By-Products

Besides meat and milk, cows provide us with hundreds of important by-products. Almost the entire beef animal can be used in some way. From a typical 1,000 pound steer, slightly over 40 percent of the animal is used for retail beef and the remaining 60 percent is processed into by-products.

Beef by-products are anything made from a beef animal other than meat. You probably use more beef by-products than you think! Some edible examples include margarine, gelatin and marshmallows. Non-edible by-products include leather, soap, cosmetics, crayons and buttons. Cattle also contribute to the health industry. Here are some examples.

Bone, Horn, Hooves, and Gelatin, combs, gelatin candy, Gummy Bears, photographic film, steel ball bearings, fine bone china, pet food, and vitamin capsules gel coatings.

Hide and Hair, insulation, paintbrushes, glue for bookmaking and band-aides, clothes, shoes, luggage, saddles, furniture, automobiles, volleyballs, basketballs, and baseball gloves.

Fats and Fatty Acids, shampoo, shaving creams, deodorants, candles, crayons, floor wax, detergents, hydraulic brake fluid, plastics, insecticides, paints, perfumes, and synthetic rubber.

Vocabulary Terms

Auroch, the ancient ancestor of domesticated cattle.

Beef By-products, anything made from a beef animal other than meat.

Bovine, scientific name for cattle.

Brand, identification mark on cattle, either hot iron or freeze brand.

Breed, group of animals that have the same ancestry and characteristics.

Bull, a mature male who has not been castrated.

Calf, young animal, either male or female, less than one year.

Calve, to give birth to a calf.

Castration, to remove the testicles of male cattle.

Cow, a mature female that has given birth, usually 2 or more years of age.

Cow-calf operation, a ranch or farm where cows are raised and bred to produce calves.

Cud, the portion of food that an animal regurgitates to chew for the second time.

Dual-purpose, being used for both milk and meat production.

Earmark, identification tool where part of the ear is removed to show ownership.

Feedlot, also know as a feedyard, a type of animal feeding operation used for finishing animals before they are ready for harvest.

Finish, to ready cattle for market, by feeding to a desired weight.

Forages, plant material, mainly leaves and stems, eaten by livestock.

Heifer, a young female cow that has not yet had her first calf. Most heifers have their first calf when they are about two years old, depending on the breed.

Horned, born with horns, usually removed at a young age.

Polled, born without horns, naturally hornless.

Regurgitation, controlled flow of stomach contents back into the throat and mouth.

Roan, an even mixture of white and pigmented hairs, normally red or black.

Rumen, the largest compartment in a ruminants stomach, fermentation and break down of food occurs in the rumen.

Ruminants, mammals that chew cud and have a complex, usually four-chambered stomach.

Steer, a young male calf which has been castrated before reaching sexual maturity. Steers are usually raised for beef.

Tag, a numbered plastic identification tool.

Wean, when a young animal is taken off its mother's milk.

Yearling, animals approximately 1 year old.

Cows like to sleep close to their families, and sleeping arrangements are determined by individuals rank in the social hierarchy.

Amazing Facts About the Cow
Like humans, cows, cattle, form close friendships and choose to spend much of their time with 2-4 preferred individuals. They also hold grudges for years and may dislike particular individuals.
Cows display emotions and have been shown to produce more milk when they are treated better and as individuals.
Cattle get excited when they solve problems. When faced with the challenge of trying find out how to open a door to reach food, their heartbeats went up, their brainwaves showed excitement, and some even jumped into the air.
Cows show their excitement when let out into a field after long periods confined indoors.
Cattle like to sleep close to their families, and sleeping arrangements are determined by individuals rank in the social hierarchy.
Cows are devotional mothers and are known to walk for miles to find their calves.
Cattle are extremely curious and inquisitive animals which will investigate everything.
Like many other grazing animals cattle have one stomach which is divided into four compartments or chambers, the rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum. This allows them to digest grain and grasses most effectively.
Love113
Share
Cattle have almost 360 panoramic vision. This helps them to see predators coming from any direction.
Cattle have an excellent sense of smell. They can detect odours up to five miles away. They can also hear both low and high frequency sounds beyond human capability.
The cow is a protected animal in Hinduism, and Hindus do not eat beef. Cows are honoured at least once a year, on Gopastami. On this day cows are washed and decorated in temples.
Mahatma Ghandi described a cow as a poem of compassion, also stating that I worship the cow and I shall defend its worship against the whole world.
The meat of cows is widely eaten by people across the world. Cows milk is also drunk and used to make other products such as cheese and butter. Many people who consume animal products would like to choose products from animals kept in higher welfare systems. The majority of cows farmed across the world are reared in intensive farming systems which can cause them to suffer greatly.


Cows may seem like simple creatures,  most of us have seen them grazing with seemingly not a care in the world. Well, there's more to these ruminants than meets the eye.

Here are 14 facts you probably haven't heard about cows,

Most people think that cows have four stomachs. That's actually not true. They have just one stomach with four chambers,  rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum. This allows them to break down tough plant matter that would normally be indigestible.

Cow gestation lasts the same amount of time as human pregnancy, nine months.

In 2009, a team of researchers from the National Institutes of Health and the US Department of agriculture announced that they'd successfully mapped the bovine genome. The results? Cattle have about 22,000 genes, and a whopping 80 percent of those are shared with humans. Another 10 percent are shared with dogs and rodents.

The color red doesn't make bulls angry. In fact, cows are red-green colorblind! In bullfights, it's the motion of the cape that draws the bull's attention, not the color.

Moos aren't the only sound that cows make! Calves bawl, while bulls bellow.

Cows can live more than 20 years,  although dairy cows rarely live that long, and cows raised for meat are lucky to exceed two years of life. If the cow has horns, you can guess its age by counting the number of rings.

The first cow to fly in an airplane was Elm Farm Ollie in February 1930. Incidentally, Ollie was also the first cow to be milked on an airplane.

The average domestic cow sleeps only about four hours a day.

The first cows in the Americas arrived with Christopher Columbus on his second voyage.

Cows drink the equivalent of a bathtub full of water each day. Hey, it takes a lot to wash down 40 pounds of food!

Cows can walk up a flight of stairs, but once there, they can't walk back down. Their knees just don't bend the right way.

Holstein cows may not have hands, but they have their own unique fingerprint. No two cows have the same set of spots!

There are more than 800 different breeds of cattle around the world.

Have you ever heard that a cow knocked over a kerosene lamp and caused the Great Chicago Fire? Well, it turns out that Mrs. O'Leary's cow was framed. In 1893, the reporter who first wrote the story admitted to fabricating the tale. A little unfair, we think.


Cows are referred to as the foster mothers of the human race because they produce most of the milk that people drink.
The first cow in America arrived in Jamestown colony in 1611. Until the 1850's, nearly every family had its own cow. The first regular shipment of milk by railroad was between Orange County, New York, and New York City and began in 1841.
In 1856, Gail Borden invented the condensed milk process. This process removed some of the water from milk so it would take up less space. Refrigeration came into use in 1880, and the first pasteurizing machine was introduced in 1895.
Dairying has improved through the years. Today, one cow can produce the milk that it once took 10 cows to produce.
Around 9.2 million cows are being milked on 110,000 farms in the United States. More than 99 percent of all dairy farms are family owned and operated.
Cows are milked for an average of 3-4 years. A cow must have a calf in order to produce milk.Calves are fed milk until they are 8-9 weeks old.
Before milking machines were invented in 1894, farmers could only milk about 6 cows per hour. Today, farmers use machines to milk more than 100 cows per hour.
Cows are ruminants, which are cud chewing mammals. Sheep and camels also are ruminants.   A cow chews her cud, regurgitated, partially digested food, for up to 8 hours each day.
Dairy cows provide 90 percent of the world's milk supply. The best cows give over 25 gallons of milk each day. That's 400 glasses of milk! US cows give an average of 2,000 gallons of milk per year. That's over 30,000 glasses of milk!
Contrary to popular belief, cows do not have 4 stomachs, they have 4 digestive compartments, 
Cows drink about a bathtub full of water and eat around 40 pounds of food a day.
Cows have 32 teeth,
The average body temperature of a cow is 101.5F.
Water buffalo, camels, goats, sheep, horses, and reindeer are also milked.


When a city-kid and farm-kid get married, the city-kid learns a lot of facts about cows!
Here are just a few of the facts about cows I've learned along the way. You can decide which, if any, you want to remember for your next cocktail party or game of trivia!



All cows are female. Males are called bulls or steer. Before having a calf for the very first time, a female is called heifer. Once she has her first calf, she becomes a cow.
There are over 800 different cattle breeds recognized worldwide, according to Wikipedia. Beef breeds are raised for their meat and dairy breeds are raised to produce milk. At Clover Meadows Beef, we raise Angus-based cattle, which is a beef breed.
Cows don't eat meat,  ever. They're always vegetarian fed.
Cows can see almost 360 degrees. This near-panoramic view lets them watch for predators from all angles. However, they don't see well straight in front of them so they will typically turn their head to look at you.
Cows have an acute sense of smell and can detect odors up to six miles away.
Cows are very social and don't like to be alone. If one is isolated, it's usually because she is sick or about to give birth.
Cows have no upper front teeth. They press their sharp bottom teeth against the top hard palate of their mouth to cut blades of grass.
A cow has 32 teeth, and will chew about 40-50 times a minute.
A cow will chew for up to eight hours a day
Cows move their jaws about 40,000 times a day.
Cows spend about 10 hours a day lying down.
Cows will stand up and lay down about fourteen times a day.
Cows can sleep while they're standing.
The first cow arrived in the US in 1611 in Jamestown.
There are approximately 98 million cows in the US
The US cattle herd size is shrinking. The total cows in the US are at their lowest level since 1952.
Cows are ruminants, which are cud chewing mammals. Other ruminant animals are sheep, giraffe, goats, and deer, just to name a few.
The main stomach of a cow, the rumen, holds up to 50 gallons of food that has been partially digested. To put that in perspective, a bathtub can usually hold 30-50 gallons of water.
A cow will consume about 40 pounds of food in a day.
Cows can see color. But, when you see a Matador waving a red flag at a bull, a male cow, the bull charges because of the flag's movement, not the color red.
The average body temperature of a cow is 102 degrees Fahrenheit.
In the winter, cows thick skin and hair is a natural insulator that protects them from the bitter cold.
Cows have 4 digestive compartments in one stomach,  the rumen, this is where the cud comes from, the reticulum, omasum, and abomasum, this is sort of like a human's stomach.
In the 1850's, nearly every family in the US had its own cow.
George Washington's dentist made him dentures out of cow, hippopotamus and walrus teeth
The hamburger debuted at the 1904 World's Fair in St. Louis.
Almost 2,000 quarter pound hamburgers can be made from the ground beef in one cow.


In which we reveal that cows have accents and can smell things from 6 miles away.

With those vacuous big eyes, galumphing gate and generally lazy-seeming demeanor, cows don't get credit for much beyond providing the milk and meat that much of the world relies on. But in truth, there's a lot more to cattle than just a bunch of Bessies sitting around chewing their cud. Consider the following facts,


A German study found that cows tend to face either magnetic north or south when grazing or resting, regardless of the sun's position.
With those vacuous big eyes, galumphing gate and generally lazy-seeming demeanor, cows don't get credit for much beyond providing the milk and meat that much of the world relies on. But in truth, there's a lot more to cattle than just a bunch of Bessies sitting around chewing their cud. Consider the following facts, 
Domestic cows are descendants of wild oxen known as aurochs, and they were first domesticated in southeast Turkey around 10,500 years ago. From the original 80 progenitors, an estimated 1.3 billion cattle exist today. 
When scientists mapped out the bovine genome in 2009, they discovered that cattle have about 22,000 genes, 80 percent of their genes are shared with humans. 
The word cattle comes from the Old French chatel, as in chattel, meaning property. In many parts of the world, cattle remain an indicator of economic wealth. 
Female cattle are called cows, male cattle are called bulls. Generally in the English language we have a single word that we can use to refer to both the male or female of a species,  like cat or dog. But cows are unique in that we don't have a singular noun that refers equally to an adult cow or a bull, we just have cattle, which is plural. That said, in colloquial usage cattle are often referred to as cows, like in some of the references here. 
Cows don't sleep standing up, and they usually lie down for at least 10 hours a day.
Cows spend 10 to 12 hours a day lying down. 
The average sleep time of a domestic cow is about four hours a day, unlike horses, they don't sleep standing up. 
Drunken rural carousers swear by their stories of tipping over cows in the middle of the night, but most experts assert that there's more urban myth going on than actual tipping. A 2005 study at the University of British Columbia concluded that tipping a cow would require an exertion of 2,910 newtons of force, meaning that a 4'7 cow pushed at an angle of 23.4 degrees relative to the ground would require the equivalent strength of 4.43 people to tip the poor thing over. 
A dairy cow that is milking consumes around 100 pounds of feed each day. 
When cows digest food, fermentation results in a large amount of methane, cattle produce 250 to 500 liters, and by some accounts, up to 1,000 liters, of the gas per day. 
According to Stanford University, livestock account for anywhere between 18 and 51 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions measured in CO2 equivalent. 
Just like dogs, cows enjoy a good rubdown, whether on the head, neck or back, as seen in this video of a cow using a Happycow machine. 
There are about 350 udder squirts in a gallon of milk. 
Researchers have found that if you name a cow and treat her as an individual, she will produce almost 500 more pints of milk a year. 
A German study found that cows tend to face either magnetic north or south when grazing or resting, regardless of the sun's position or the wind's direction. The study's author says that magnetic compass orientation has been relatively under-studied in mammals, why cows use it remains a mystery. 
Cattle have almost 300 degrees of vision, with blind spots only right in front of and behind them. 
Cows have favorite friends and become stressed when they are separated. In a study measuring isolation, heart rates and cortisol levels, researcher Krista McLennan concluded that, When heifers have their preferred partner with them, their stress levels in terms of their heart rates are reduced compared with if they were with a random individual. 
Cattle are unable to see the color red, the red flags used by matadors only catch a bull's attention because of the movement. 
Cows can have regional accents. After a group of dairy farmers noticed their cows had different moos, language specialists determined that, In small populations such as herds you would encounter identifiable dialectical variations which are most affected by the immediate peer group. 
Cows have an excellent sense of smell and can detect odors up to six miles away. 
Hindu nations believe that cows are holy and there are strict laws to protect them. The toughest come from the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, where anyone convicted of killing a cow or taking it somewhere to be killed can be jailed for up to seven years. 
The world's most expensive cow, Missy, brought in $1.2 million at the Royal Agricultural Winter Fair in 2009. 

Random and interesting facts about cows

At first glance, cows might seem to be simple animals, but they're not! Cows are fascinating animals. For instance did you know that cows can smell something up to 6 miles away, or that cows can produce 125 lbs. of saliva in one day. Here's a list of interesting facts,


Cows are social animals, and they naturally form large herds. And like people, they will make friends and bond to some herd members, while avoiding others
Cows are red-green colorblind. In a bullfight, its the waving of the cape that attracts the bull not the red color
A cow's heart beats between 60 and 70 beats per minute
Cows can hear lower and higher frequencies better than humans.
An average dairy cow weighs about 1,200 pounds.
A cows normal body temperature is 101.5F.
The average cow chews at least 50 times per minute.
The typical cow stands up and sits down about 14 times a day.
An average cow has more than 40,000 jaw movements in a day.
Cows actually do not bite grass, instead they curl their tongue around it.
Cows have almost total 360-degree panoramic vision.
Cows have a single stomach, but four different digestive compartments.
Cows are pregnant for 9 months just like people
A dairy cow can produce 125 lbs. of saliva a day
Cows spend 8 hours per day eating, 8 hours chewing her cud, regurgitated, partially digested food, and 8 hours sleeping
You can lead a cow upstairs, but not downstairs. Cows knees can't bend properly to walk downstairs.
Cows can't vomit
The average cow drinks 30 to 50 gallons of water each day
The average cow produces 70 lbs. of milk. That's 8 gallons per day!
Cows only have teeth on the bottom
Cows have a great sense of smell. They can smell something up to 6 miles away
Dairy cows are economic job creating machines! 1 dairy cow creates 4 full time jobs in the local community
A Holstein's spots are like a fingerprint. No two cows have exactly the same pattern of black and white spots. They are all different
The average cow will eat about 100 lbs. of feed per day



Did you know that the first cow arrived in the United States in 1611 in the Jamestown colony?
There are approximately 11 million cows in the United States, with six main breeds, Ayshire, Guernsey, Brown Swiss, Milking Shorthorn, Jersey and Holstein, the black and white spotted cows.
There are dairy cows in all 50 states.
Milking machines were invented in 1894. Before that, it would take one person one hour to milk 6 cows by hand. Today, the use of a milking machine allows one person to milk about 100 cows in one hour.
90 percent of the world's milk supply comes from dairy cows. Other than cows, water buffalo, camels, goats, sheep, horses and even reindeer are milked.
Did you know that all cows are female? Only males are called bulls. Before having a calf, a cow is called a heifer. In order for a cow to produce milk, they must first have a calf.
At birth, a Jersey calf weighs about 60 pounds. At maturity it will weigh 900-1000 pounds.
The color of a Jersey cow varies from dark brown to fawn and can have some white splashed in.
A cow has 32 teeth. A cow will chew about 50 times in a minute, making their jaws move about 40,000 times a day.
The main stomach of a cow, the rumen, holds up to 50 gallons of food that has been partially digested. Referred to as cud, a cow will chew for up to eight hours a day.
A cow will spend about 8 hours a day eating and will consume about 40 pounds of food in a day.
A bathtub can hold between 30 and 50 gallons of water. Did you know that a cow can drink that much water in just one day?
With all of the eating and drinking that a cow does in one day, they will urinate about 30 gallons and produce about 60 pounds of manure. So in one year, a cow will produce about 20,100 pounds of manure,  that's 10 TONS!
A cow will stand up and lay down about fourteen times a day. Cows can sleep while they are standing up! How convenient.
Cows have great senses. They can see in color and can smell up to six miles away.


A cow is a mature female and a bull an adult male of a bovine family. A heifer is a female cow that hasn't had a calf yet. Cattle is the name for the whole cow family.
There are about 920 different breeds of cows in the world. They were domesticated about 5,000 years ago. Cows came to America with the Pilgrims.

Modern domestic cattle are believed to belong to either the species Bos taurus, like Holstein, Brown Swiss, Jersey and Guemsey, or the species Bos indicus which are humped cattle like the Brahman. Some cattle are a cross between those two species.

The smallest type of cow is a breed called Dexter, which was bred a small size for household living.

The average lifespan of a cow is 18 to 22 years, but some can live 25 years or even more. You can guess the age of a cow that has horns by counting the number of rings on the horns.
Cows have almost total 360 degree panoramic vision and are able to see colors, except red. They can detect odors up to 5 miles away. Cows can hear lower and higher frequencies better than humans.

Per day, a cows spends 6 hours eating and 8 hours chewing cud. A cow doesn't bite the grass, but she curls her tongue around it. A cow has no upper front teeth.

The average cow drinks about 30 gallons of water and eats about 95 pounds of feed per day.

A cow stands up and sits down about 14 times a day.

The mean gestation period of a cow is between 279 and 290 days. The bond between a cow and her calf is very strong and continues after the calf is fully grown. In non-commercial herds, some cows will nurse their calves for up to 3 years.
A cow weighs about 1400 pounds. A 1000 pound cow produces an average of 10 tons of manure a year.

Cows are very social animals. They form large herds and will bond to some herd members while avoiding others. They moo and use different body positions and facial expressions to communicate with each other.

A Holstein's spots are like a fingerprint. No two cows have exactly the same pattern of spots.
A cow has one stomach containing four digestive compartments, the rumen, reticulum, omasum and abomasum. The rumen is the largest compartment and acts as a fermentation chamber. The abomasum is last of the four and is comparable in both structure and function to the human stomach.

Cows have cloven hooves. In galloping through boggy places or in deep mud, cattle can run faster than a horse. Their toes spread, and therefore their wide feet do not sink so deep as do those of the solid-hoofed horse.

After we have covered all the serious cow facts in our last article, it is time to give some cow fun facts that will help you relieve the pressure. However, no point thinking that we will not give you a few doses of serious facts and that whatever you read here today will not help you with your homework. So buckle up! Here is something really seriously interesting coming up…


After we have covered all the serious cow facts in our last article, it is time to give some cow fun facts that will help you relieve the pressure. However, no point thinking that we will not give you a few doses of serious facts and that whatever you read here today will not help you with your homework. So buckle up! Here is something really seriously interesting coming up…
Did you know that cows have a decent memory? They are very much capable of remembering the food source locations for well up to 8 hours! By 12 hours, their memory starts declining. But that's quite commendable. Don't you think so?
Scientists have found out that heifers that are around 15 months old have way better memory that cows that have already given birth to 1 or 2 calves. The long term memory of the cows is somewhat debatable because their long term memory is pretty unstable.
However, cows that are pretty mature are very much able to maintain good long term memory. But this is true only in case of very artificial conditions. In the open however, younger cows perform better by remembering good quality food source for up to 48 hours as compared to 30 hours of older cows in artificial conditions.
Calves and grownup cows have the ability to discriminate between familiar as well as unfamiliar animals belonging to same species or different species. For instance, calves can discriminate between humans. Those who handled them calves well, the calves will get close easily while those who don't handle them well, the calves will try and avoid them.
For mature cows, they will be more friendly towards familiar animals while making groups but aggressive towards unfamiliar ones during the same process. In case of dealing with humans, they will take cues even from dress color worn by humans and not just from their faces.
Studies have revealed that emotional state of cows is indicated pretty often by the position of their ears.
Also, stressed cows communicate with other cows through urine. Yes, their urine will contain stress substances when they are stressed.
It has also been found that isolation can lead to increased heart rate, increased vocalization and higher concentrations of plasma cortisol. Isolation-induced emotional state can arise even for short term isolation. This means that if a cow is isolated from another cow or other cows that are know, the cow will go into psychological stress very quickly. This is true even for the bulls.
Now here is one of the most fascinating cow fun facts. Cows widely use all 5 major senses that are known to us. Vision is their most dominant sense. 50 percent of all the information they receive comes visually.
Now, here is something really interesting. Their eyes are located on the sides of their heads and not on the front. This is because of the fact that they are prey animals. The arrangement of their eyes allow them 330 field of vision.
Because of their panoramic vision, their binocular vision is pretty limited and hence, they have a blind spot right behind them. The visual acuity of cows is also pretty good at 1 20. This is definitely not as good as humans but still pretty good.
As far as colors are concerned, their eyes have only two different types of color receptors in their retinas cone cells. This means that they are dichromatic.
Cows are capable of distinguishing colors of long wavelength like red, orange and yellow while have trouble distinguishing colors of short wavelength like green, gray and blue.
Calves can quickly discriminate between long wavelength colors and short wavelength colors or medium length colors. However, when it comes to discriminating between short wavelength and medium wavelength colors, they find it difficult to do so.
Calves will approach handlers quickly under red light but when the handler is under short wavelength or medium wavelength color, they will not approach so quickly.
It is a very wrong notion that bulls charge in because of the red color of the cloth during a bullfight. It is actually the movement of the cape or the flag that irritates the bulls and they charge in.
Coming to tastes, cows have 20,000 taste buds. Their senses of tastes are very well-developed and they are very much able to distinguish between the four primary tastes,  sweet, sour, bitter and salty.
The taste perception's strength will depend on the food requirement of a cow. They usually prefer sweet food that are known to have high calorific value. They will avoid bitter food that can be potentially toxic. They also know salty food and usually eat such food to maintain electrolyte balance.
It is necessary for them to maintain the pH level of their Rumen and they will eat food that are sour only to maintain that pH level.
Cattle can seek salt by smelling and tasting. They know that usually plants don't have high salt content. Hence, when they need more salt, they will prefer walking long distances in search of such food. Their senses of taste and smell help them in identifying high salt-containing food.
The hearing range of cows is between 23 Hz and 25 kHz. They are best sensitive to 8 kHz. The lowest threshold is -21 db. This means they have better or more acute hearing than horses.
Cows have a well developed sense of touch. There are nociceptors, thermoreceptors and mechanoreceptors that are present on their muzzle and their skin. They heavily use these receptors when they are usually exploring around. Yes, cows are very curious and they like to explore.
Okay, time for cow fun facts. Did you know experts say that cows were domesticated some 10,500 years back in Turkey?
Bovine genome was completely mapped in 2009. And… cow was the first one whose genome was mapped. Cows have around 22,000 genes, 80 percent of which are shared with humans.
Cows spend anywhere around 10 hours to 12 hours in a day,  sleeping! They sleep lying down unlike the horses that stand and sleep.
The digestion process of cows produce anywhere between 250 and 500 liters of methane per cow per day. Standford University scientists say that when measured in Carbon Dioxide equivalent, cows are responsible for anywhere between 18 percent and 51 percent of global greenhouse gas emission.
Cows are a big fan of a genuinely good rubdown just like dogs. They love being rubbed on their back, neck and head.
Do you know how many udder squirts it takes to give a gallon of milk? That's a whopping 350 squirts. Here is something more interesting. Give your cow a name and treat her like an individual and she will give an extra 500 pints of milk a year.
Germans did a study on cows and found that they will lay down for resting or will graze while facing earth's magnetic north or magnetic south. They are least bothered about wind direction or sun position. They don't know why the cows do so. Source
Cows are known for chewing food anywhere between 40 and 50 times in a minute and they have 32 teeth to aid them in that. They will usually chew for about 8 hours every day.
That's pretty much all from our side. In case you want to add a few more facts, feel free to do so through the comments section! Enlighten us!

Cattle, colloquially cows, are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates. They are a prominent modern member of the subfamily Bovinae, are the most widespread species of the genus Bos, and are most commonly classified collectively as Bos taurus. 
Cattle are commonly raised as livestock, for meat, beef or veal, see beef cattle, for milk, see dairy cattle, and for hides, which are used to make leather. They are used as riding animals and draft animals, oxen or bullocks, which pull carts, plows and other implements. Another product of cattle is dung, which can be used to create manure or fuel. In some regions, such as parts of India, cattle have significant religious meaning. Cattle, mostly small breeds such as the Miniature Zebu, are kept as pets. 
Around 10,500 years ago, cattle were domesticated from as few as 80 progenitors in southeast Turkey. According to an estimate from 2011, there are 1.4 billion cattle in the world. In 2009, cattle became one of the first livestock animals to have a fully mapped genome.  Some consider cattle the oldest form of wealth, and cattle raiding consequently one of the earliest forms of theft. 
Cattle were originally identified as three separate species, Bos taurus, the European or taurine cattle, including similar types from Africa and Asia, Bos indicus, the zebu, and the extinct Bos primigenius, the aurochs. The aurochs is ancestral to both zebu and taurine cattle. These have been reclassified as one species, Bos taurus, with three subspecies, Bos taurus primigenius, Bos taurus indicus, and Bos taurus taurus. 
Complicating the matter is the ability of cattle to interbreed with other closely related species. Hybrid individuals and even breeds exist, not only between taurine cattle and zebu, such as the sanga cattle, Bos taurus africanus, but also between one or both of these and some other members of the genus Bos,  yaks, the dzo or yattle, banteng, and gaur. Hybrids such as the beefalo breed can even occur between taurine cattle and either species of bison, leading some authors to consider them part of the genus Bos, as well. The hybrid origin of some types may not be obvious,  for example, genetic testing of the Dwarf Lulu breed, the only taurine-type cattle in Nepal, found them to be a mix of taurine cattle, zebu, and yak. However, cattle cannot be successfully hybridized with more distantly related bovines such as water buffalo or African buffalo. 
The aurochs originally ranged throughout Europe, North Africa, and much of Asia. In historical times, its range became restricted to Europe, and the last known individual died in Mazovia, Poland, in about 1627. Breeders have attempted to recreate cattle of similar appearance to aurochs by crossing traditional types of domesticated cattle, creating the Heck cattle breed. 
The noun cattle, which is treated as a plural and has no singular, encompasses both sexes. The singular, cow, unambiguously means the female, the male being bull. The plural feminine form cows is sometimes used colloquially to refer to both sexes collectively, as e.g. in a herd, but that usage can be misleading as the speaker's intent may indeed be just the females. The bovine species per se is clearly dimorphic. 
Cattle did not originate as the term for bovine animals. It was borrowed from Anglo-Norman catel, itself from medieval Latin capitale principal sum of money, capital, itself derived in turn from Latin caput head. Cattle originally meant movable personal property, especially livestock of any kind, as opposed to real property, the land, which also included wild or small free-roaming animals such as chickens,  they were sold as part of the land. The word is a variant of chattel, a unit of personal property, and closely related to capital in the economic sense. The term replaced earlier Old English feoh cattle, property, which survives today as fee, cf. German, Vieh, Dutch, vee, Gothic, faihu. 
In older English sources such as the King James Version of the Bible, cattle refers to livestock, as opposed to deer which refers to wildlife.  Wild cattle may refer to feral cattle or to undomesticated species of the genus Bos.  Today, when used without any other qualifier, the modern meaning of cattle is usually restricted to domesticated bovines. 
In general, the same words are used in different parts of the world, but with minor differences in the definitions.  The terminology described here contrasts the differences in definition between the United Kingdom and other British-influenced parts of the world such as Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland and the United States. 
Cattle can only be used in the plural and not in the singular, it is a plurale tantum. Thus one may refer to three cattle or some cattle, but not one cattle. No universally used singular form in modern English of cattle exists, other than the sex- and age-specific terms such as cow, bull, steer and heifer.  Historically, ox was not a sex-specific term for adult cattle, but generally this is now used only for working cattle, especially adult castrated males. The term is also incorporated into the names of other species, such as the musk ox and grunting ox, yak, and is used in some areas to describe certain cattle products such as ox-hide and oxtail. 
Cow is in general use as a singular for the collective cattle, despite the objections by those who insist it to be a female-specific term. Although the phrase that cow is a bull is absurd from a lexicographic standpoint, the word cow is easy to use when a singular is needed and the sex is unknown or irrelevant,  when there is a cow in the road, for example. Further, any herd of fully mature cattle in or near a pasture is statistically likely to consist mostly of cows, so the term is probably accurate even in the restrictive sense.  Other than the few bulls needed for breeding, the vast majority of male cattle are castrated as calves and are used as riding steers or slaughtered for meat before the age of three years.  Thus, in a pastured herd, any calves or herd bulls usually are clearly distinguishable from the cows due to distinctively different sizes and clear anatomical differences. Merriam-Webster, a US dictionary, recognizes the sex-nonspecific use of cow as an alternate definition, whereas Collins and the OED, UK dictionaries, do not. 
Colloquially, more general nonspecific terms may denote cattle when a singular form is needed. Australian, New Zealand and British farmers use the term beast or cattle beast. Bovine is also used in Britain. The term critter is common in the western United States and Canada, particularly when referring to young cattle. In some areas of the American South, particularly the Appalachian region, where both dairy and beef cattle are present, an individual animal was once called a beef critter, though that term is becoming archaic. 
Cattle raised for human consumption are called beef cattle. Within the beef cattle industry in parts of the United States, the term beef, plural beeves, is still used in its archaic sense to refer to an animal of either sex. Cows of certain breeds that are kept for the milk they give are called dairy cows or milking cows, formerly milch cows.  Most young male offspring of dairy cows are sold for veal, and may be referred to as veal calves. 
The term dogies is used to describe orphaned calves in the context of ranch work in the American West, as in Keep them dogies moving. In some places, a cow kept to provide milk for one family is called a house cow.  Other obsolete terms for cattle include neat, this use survives in neatsfoot oil, extracted from the feet and legs of cattle, and beefing, young animal fit for slaughter. 
An onomatopoeic term for one of the most common sounds made by cattle is moo, also called lowing. There are a number of other sounds made by cattle, including calves bawling, and bulls bellowing. Bawling is most common for cows after weaning of a calf. The bullroarer makes a sound similar to a bull's territorial call. 
Cattle are large quadrupedal ungulate mammals with cloven hooves. Most breeds have horns, which can be as large as the Texas Longhorn or small like a scur. Careful genetic selection has allowed polled, hornless, cattle to become widespread. 
Cattle are ruminants, meaning their digestive system is highly specialized to allow the use of poorly digestible plants as food. Cattle have one stomach with four compartments, the rumen, reticulum, omasum, and abomasum, with the rumen being the largest compartment. The reticulum, the smallest compartment, is known as the honeycomb. Cattle sometimes consume metal objects which are deposited in the reticulum and irritation from the metal objects causes hardware disease. The omasum's main function is to absorb water and nutrients from the digestible feed. The omasum is known as the many plies. The abomasum is like the human stomach, this is why it is known as the true stomach. 
Cattle are known for regurgitating and re-chewing their food, known as cud chewing, like most ruminants.  While the animal is feeding, the food is swallowed without being chewed and goes into the rumen for storage until the animal can find a quiet place to continue the digestion process.  The food is regurgitated, a mouthful at a time, back up to the mouth, where the food, now called the cud, is chewed by the molars, grinding down the coarse vegetation to small particles.  The cud is then swallowed again and further digested by specialized microorganisms in the rumen. These microbes are primarily responsible for decomposing cellulose and other carbohydrates into volatile fatty acids cattle use as their primary metabolic fuel. The microbes inside the rumen also synthesize amino acids from non-protein nitrogenous sources, such as urea and ammonia. As these microbes reproduce in the rumen, older generations die and their cells continue on through the digestive tract. These cells are then partially digested in the small intestines, allowing cattle to gain a high-quality protein source. These features allow cattle to thrive on grasses and other tough vegetation. 
The gestation period for a cow is about nine months long. A newborn calf's size can vary among breeds, but a typical calf weighs between 25 to 45 kg, 55 to 99 lb. Adult size and weight vary significantly among breeds and sex. Steers are generally killed before reaching 750 kg, 1,650 lb. Breeding stock may be allowed a longer lifespan, occasionally living as long as 25 years. The oldest recorded cow, Big Bertha, died at the age of 48 in 1993. 
On farms it is very common to use artificial insemination, AI,  a medically assisted reproduction technique consisting of the artificial deposition of semen in the female's genital tract.  It is used in cases where the spermatozoa can not reach the fallopian tubes or simply by choice of the owner of the animal. It consists of transferring, to the uterine cavity, spermatozoa previously collected and processed, with the selection of morphologically more normal and mobile spermatozoa. 
A cow's udder contains two pairs of mammary glands, commonly referred to as teats, creating four quarters. The front ones are referred to as fore quarters and the rear ones rear quarters. 
Bulls become fertile at about seven months of age.  Their fertility is closely related to the size of their testicles, and one simple test of fertility is to measure the circumference of the scrotum, a young bull is likely to be fertile once this reaches 28 centimetres, 11 in, that of a fully adult bull may be over 40 centimetres, 16 in. 
Bulls have a fibro-elastic penis. Given the small amount of erectile tissue, there is little enlargement after erection. The penis is quite rigid when non-erect, and becomes even more rigid during erection. Protrusion is not affected much by erection, but more by relaxation of the retractor penis muscle and straightening of the sigmoid flexure. Induced ovulation can be manipulated to produce farming benefits. For example, to synchronise ovulation of the cattle to benefit dairy farming. 
The world record for the heaviest bull was 1,740 kg, 3,840 lb, a Chianina named Donetto, when he was exhibited at the Arezzo show in 1955. The heaviest steer was eight-year-old Old Ben, a Shorthorn Hereford cross weighing in at 2,140 kg, 4,720 lb, in 1910. 
The weight of adult cattle varies, depending on the breed. Smaller kinds, such as Dexter and Jersey adults, range between 272 to 454 kg, 600 to 1,000 lb. Large Continental breeds, such as Charolais, Marchigiana, Belgian Blue and Chianina, adults range from 635 to 1,134 kg, 1,400 to 2,500 lb. British breeds, such as Hereford, Angus, and Shorthorn, mature between 454 to 907 kg, 1,000 to 2,000 lb, occasionally higher, particularly with Angus and Hereford. 
Bulls will be a bit larger than cows of the same breed by a few hundred kilograms. Chianina bulls can weigh up to  1,500 kg, 3,300 lb, British bulls, such as Angus and Hereford, can weigh as little as 907 kg, 2,000 lb, to as much as 1,361 kg, 3,000 lb. 
It is difficult to generalize or average out the weight of all cattle because different kinds have different averages of weights. However, according to some sources, the average weight of all cattle is 753 kg, 1,660 lb.  Finishing steers in the feedlot average about 640 kg, 1,410 lb, cows about 725 kg, 1,600 lb, and bulls about 1,090 kg, 2,400 lb. 
In the United States, the average weight of beef cattle has steadily increased, especially since the 1970s, requiring the building of new slaughterhouses able to handle larger carcasses. New packing plants in the 1980s stimulated a large increase in cattle weights. Before 1790 beef cattle averaged only 160 kg, 350 lb, net, and thereafter weights climbed steadily. 
In laboratory studies, young cattle are able to memorize the locations of several food sources and retain this memory for at least 8 hours, although this declined after 12 hours.  Fifteen-month-old heifers learn more quickly than adult cows which have had either one or two calvings, but their longer-term memory is less stable.  Mature cattle perform well in spatial learning tasks and have a good long-term memory in these tests.  Cattle tested in a radial arm maze are able to remember the locations of high-quality food for at least 30 days.  Although they initially learn to avoid low-quality food, this memory diminishes over the same duration.  Under less artificial testing conditions, young cattle showed they were able to remember the location of feed for at least 48 days.  Cattle can make an association between a visual stimulus and food within 1 day,  memory of this association can be retained for 1 year, despite a slight decay. 
Calves are capable of discrimination learning and adult cattle compare favourably with small mammals in their learning ability in the Closed-field Test. 
They are also able to discriminate between familiar individuals, and among humans.  Cattle can tell the difference between familiar and unfamiliar animals of the same species, conspecifics.  Studies show they behave less aggressively toward familiar individuals when they are forming a new group.  Calves can also discriminate between humans based on previous experience, as shown by approaching those who handled them positively and avoiding those who handled them aversively. Although cattle can discriminate between humans by their faces alone, they also use other cues such as the color of clothes when these are available. 
In audio play-back studies, calves prefer their own mother's vocalizations compared to the vocalizations of an unfamiliar mother. 
In laboratory studies using images, cattle can discriminate between images of the heads of cattle and other animal species. They are also able to distinguish between familiar and unfamiliar conspecifics.  Furthermore, they are able to categorize images as familiar and unfamiliar individuals. 
When mixed with other individuals, cloned calves from the same donor form subgroups, indicating that kin discrimination occurs and may be a basis of grouping behaviour.  It has also been shown using images of cattle that both artificially inseminated and cloned calves have similar cognitive capacities of kin and non-kin discrimination. 
Cattle can recognize familiar individuals. Visual individual recognition is a more complex mental process than visual discrimination.  It requires the recollection of the learned idiosyncratic identity of an individual that has been previously encountered and the formation of a mental representation. By using 2-dimensional images of the heads of one cow, face, profiles, ¾ views, all the tested heifers showed individual recognition of familiar and unfamiliar individuals from their own breed.   Furthermore, almost all the heifers recognized unknown individuals from different breeds, although this was achieved with greater difficulty.  Individual recognition was most difficult when the visual features of the breed being tested were quite different from the breed in the image, for example, the breed being tested had no spots whereas the image was of a spotted breed. 
Cattle use visual brain lateralisation in their visual scanning of novel and familiar stimuli.  Domestic cattle prefer to view novel stimuli with the left eye, i.e. using the right brain hemisphere, similar to horses, Australian  magpies, chicks, toads and fish, but use the right eye, i.e. using the left hemisphere, for viewing familiar stimuli. 
In cattle, temperament can affect production traits such as carcass and meat quality or milk yield as well as affecting the animal's overall health and reproduction. Cattle temperament is defined as the consistent behavioral and physiological difference observed between individuals in response to a stressor or environmental challenge and is used to describe the relatively stable difference in the behavioral predisposition of an animal, which can be related to psychobiological mechanisms. Generally, cattle temperament is assumed to be multidimensional. Five underlying categories of temperament traits have been proposed, 
In a study on Holstein-Friesian heifers learning to press a panel to open a gate for access to a food reward, the researchers also recorded the heart rate and behavior of the heifers when moving along the race towards the food. When the heifers made clear improvements in learning, they had higher heart rates and tended to move more vigorously along the race. The researchers concluded this was an indication that cattle may react emotionally to their own learning improvement. 
Negative emotional states are associated with a bias toward negative, pessimistic, responses towards ambiguous cues in judgement tasks,  as encapsulated in the question of is the glass half empty or half full?  After separation from their mothers, Holstein calves showed such a cognitive bias indicative of low mood.  A similar study showed that after hot-iron disbudding, dehorning, calves had a similar negative bias indicating that post-operative pain following this routine procedure results in a negative change in emotional state. 
In studies of visual discrimination, the position of the ears has been used as an indicator of emotional state. When cattle are stressed other cattle can tell by the chemicals released in their urine. 
Cattle are very gregarious and even short-term isolation is considered to cause severe psychological stress.  When Aubrac and Friesian heifers are isolated, they increase their vocalizations and experience increased heart rate and plasma cortisol concentrations.  These physiological changes are greater in Aubracs.  When visual contact is re-instated, vocalisations rapidly decline, regardless of the familiarity of the returning cattle, however, heart rate decreases are greater if the returning cattle are familiar to the previously-isolated individual.  Mirrors have been used to reduce stress in isolated cattle. 
Cattle use all of the five widely recognized sensory modalities.  These can assist in some complex behavioural patterns, for example, in grazing behaviour.  Cattle eat mixed diets, but when given the opportunity, show a partial preference of approximately 70 percent clover and 30 percent grass. This preference has a diurnal pattern, with a stronger preference for clover in the morning, and the proportion of grass increasing towards the evening. 
Vision is the dominant sense in cattle and they obtain almost 50 percent of their information visually.  
Cattle are a prey animal and to assist predator detection, their eyes are located on the sides of their head rather than the front.  This gives them a wide field of view of 330 but limits binocular vision, and therefore stereopsis, to 30 to 50 compared to 140 in humans.  This means they have a blind spot directly behind them.  Cattle have good visual acuity, 1 20, but compared to humans, the visual accommodation of cattle is poor. 
Cattle have two kinds of color receptors in the cone cells of their retinas.   This means that cattle are dichromatic, as are most other non-primate land mammals. There are two to three rods per cone in the fovea centralis but five to six near the optic papilla. Cattle can distinguish long wavelength colors, yellow, orange and red, much better than the shorter wavelengths, blue, grey and green. Calves are able to discriminate between long, red, and short, blue, or medium, green, wavelengths, but have limited ability to discriminate between the short and medium.  They also approach handlers more quickly under red light. Whilst having good color sensitivity, it is not as good as humans or sheep. 
A common misconception about cattle, particularly bulls, is that they are enraged by the color red, something provocative is often said to be like a red flag to a bull. This is a myth. In bullfighting, it is the movement of the red flag or cape that irritates the bull and incites it to charge. 
Cattle have a well-developed sense of taste and can distinguish the four primary tastes, sweet, salty, bitter and sour. They possess around 20,000 taste buds. The strength of taste perception depends on the individual's current food requirements. They avoid bitter-tasting foods, potentially toxic, and have a marked preference for sweet, high calorific value, and salty foods, electrolyte balance.  Their sensitivity to sour-tasting foods helps them to maintain optimal ruminal pH. 
Plants have low levels of sodium and cattle have developed the capacity of seeking salt by taste and smell.  If cattle become depleted of sodium salts, they show increased locomotion directed to searching for these.  To assist in their search, the olfactory and gustatory receptors able to detect minute amounts of sodium salts increase their sensitivity as biochemical disruption develops with sodium salt depletion. 
Cattle hearing ranges from 23 Hz to 35 kHz.  Their frequency of best sensitivity is 8 kHz and they have a lowest threshold of −21 db, re 20 μN m−2, which means their hearing is more acute than horses, lowest threshold of 7 db. Sound localization acuity thresholds are an average of 30.  This means that cattle are less able to localise sounds compared to goats, 18, dogs, 8, and humans, 0.8.  Because cattle have a broad foveal fields of view covering almost the entire horizon, they may not need very accurate locus information from their auditory systems to direct their gaze to a sound source. 
Vocalisations are an important mode of communication amongst cattle and can provide information on the age, sex, dominance status and reproductive status of the caller. Calves can recognize their mothers using vocalizations, vocal behaviour may play a role by indicating estrus and competitive display by bulls. 
Cattle have a range of odiferous glands over their body including interdigital, infraorbital, inguinal and sebaceous glands, indicating that olfaction probably plays a large role in their social life.  Both the primary olfactory system using the olfactory bulbs, and the secondary olfactory system using the vomeronasal organ are used.  This latter olfactory system is used in the flehmen response.  There is evidence that when cattle are stressed, this can be recognised by other cattle and this is communicated by alarm substances in the urine.  The odour of dog faeces induces behavioural changes prior to cattle feeding, whereas the odours of urine from either stressed or non-stressed conspecifics and blood have no effect. 
In the laboratory, cattle can be trained to recognise conspecific individuals using olfaction only. 
In general, cattle use their sense of smell to expand on information detected by other sensory modalities.  However, in the case of social and reproductive behaviours, olfaction is a key source of information. 
Cattle have tactile sensations detected mainly by mechanoreceptors, thermoreceptors and nociceptors in the skin and muzzle.  These are used most frequently when cattle explore their environment. 
There is conflicting evidence for magnetoreception in cattle. One study reported that resting and grazing cattle tend to align their body axes in the geomagnetic North-South, N-S, direction.  In a follow-up study, cattle exposed to various magnetic fields directly beneath or in the vicinity of power lines trending in various magnetic directions exhibited distinct patterns of alignment. However, in 2011, a group of Czech researchers reported their failed attempt to replicate the finding using Google Earth images. 
Under natural conditions, calves stay with their mother until weaning at 8 to 11 months.  Heifer and bull calves are equally attached to their mothers in the first few months of life.  Cattle are considered to be hider type animals, but in the artificial environment of small calving pens, close proximity between cow and calf is maintained by the mother at the first three calvings but this changes to being mediated by the calf after these.  Primiparous dams show a higher incidence of abnormal maternal behavior. 
Beef-calves reared on the range suckle an average of 5.0 times every 24 hours with an average total time of 46 min spent suckling. There is a diurnal rhythm in suckling activity with peaks between 05,00-07,00, 10,00-13,00 and 17,00-21,00. 
Studies on the natural weaning of zebu cattle, Bos indicus, have shown that the cow weans her calves over a 2-week period, but after that, she continues to show strong affiliatory behavior with her offspring and preferentially chooses them for grooming and as grazing partners for at least 4-5 years. 
Semi-wild Highland cattle heifers first give birth at 2 or 3 years of age, and the timing of birth is synchronized with increases in natural food quality. Average calving interval is 391 days, and calving mortality within the first year of life is 5 percent. 
One study showed that over a 4-year period, dominance relationships within a herd of semi-wild highland cattle were very firm. There were few overt aggressive conflicts and the majority of disputes were settled by agonistic, non-aggressive, competitive, behaviors that involved no physical contact between opponents, e.g. threatening and spontaneous withdrawing.  Such agonistic behavior reduces the risk of injury. Dominance status depended on age and sex, with older animals generally being dominant to young ones and males dominant to females. Young bulls gained superior dominance status over adult cows when they reached about 2 years of age. 
As with many animal dominance hierarchies, dominance-associated aggressiveness does not correlate with rank position, but is closely related to rank distance between individuals. 
Dominance is maintained in several ways.  Cattle often engage in mock fights where they test each other's strength in a non-aggressive way.  Licking is primarily performed by subordinates and received by dominant animals.  Mounting is a playful behavior shown by calves of both sexes and by bulls and sometimes by cows in estrus, however, this is not a dominance related behavior as has been found in other species. 
The horns of cattle are honest signals used in mate selection.  Furthermore, horned cattle attempt to keep greater distances between themselves and have fewer physical interactions than hornless cattle.  This leads to more stable social relationships. 
In calves, the frequency of agonistic behavior decreases as space allowance increases, but this does not occur for changes in group size. However, in adult cattle, the number of agonistic encounters increases as the group size increases. 
When grazing, cattle vary several aspects of their bite, i.e. tongue and jaw movements, depending on characteristics of the plant they are eating.  Bite area decreases with the density of the plants but increases with their height.  Bite area is determined by the sweep of the tongue, in one study observing 750-kilogram, 1,650 lb, steers, bite area reached a maximum of approximately 170 cm2, 30 sq in.  Bite depth increases with the height of the plants.  By adjusting their behavior, cattle obtain heavier bites in swards that are tall and sparse compared with short, dense swards of equal mass area.  Cattle adjust other aspects of their grazing behavior in relation to the available food, foraging velocity decreases and intake rate increases in areas of abundant palatable forage. 
Cattle avoid grazing areas contaminated by the faeces of other cattle more strongly than they avoid areas contaminated by sheep, but they do not avoid pasture contaminated by rabbit faeces. 
In the 24 April 2009, edition of the journal Science, a team of researchers led by the National Institutes of Health and the US Department of Agriculture reported having mapped the bovine genome.  The scientists found cattle have about 22,000 genes, and 80 percent of their genes are shared with humans, and they share about 1000 genes with dogs and rodents, but are not found in humans. Using this bovine HapMap, researchers can track the differences between the breeds that affect the quality of meat and milk yields. 
Behavioral traits of cattle can be as heritable as some production traits, and often, the two can be related. The heritability of fear varies markedly in cattle from low, 0.1, to high, 0.53, such high variation is also found in pigs and sheep,  probably due to differences in the methods used.  The heritability of temperament, response to isolation during handling, has been calculated as 0.36 and 0.46 for habituation to handling.  Rangeland assessments show that the heritability of aggressiveness in cattle is around 0.36. 
Quantitative trait loci, QTLs, have been found for a range of production and behavioral characteristics for both dairy and beef cattle. 
Cattle occupy a unique role in human history, having been domesticated since at least the early neolithic age. 
Archeozoological and genetic data indicate that cattle were first domesticated from wild aurochs, Bos primigenius, approximately 10,500 years ago. There were two major areas of domestication, one in the area that is now Turkey, giving rise to the taurine line, and a second in the area that is now Pakistan, resulting in the indicine line.  Modern mitochondrial DNA variation indicates the taurine line may have arisen from as few as 80 aurochs tamed in the upper reaches of Mesopotamia near the villages of Çayönü Tepesi in southeastern Turkey and Djade el Mughara in northern Iraq. 
Although European cattle are largely descended from the taurine lineage, gene flow from African cattle, partially of indicine origin, contributed substantial genomic components to both southern European cattle breeds and their New World descendants.  A study on 134 breeds showed that modern taurine cattle originated from Africa, Asia, North and South America, Australia, and Europe.  Some researchers have suggested that African taurine cattle are derived from a third independent domestication from North African aurochsen. 
As early as 9000 BC both grain and cattle were used as money or as barter, Davies, the first grain remains found, considered to be evidence of pre-agricultural practice date to 17,000 BC. Some evidence also exists to suggest that other animals, such as camels and goats, may have been used as currency in some parts of the world. One of the advantages of using cattle as currency is that it allows the seller to set a fixed price. It even created the standard pricing. For example, two chickens were traded for one cow as cows were deemed to be more valuable than chickens. 
Cattle are often raised by allowing herds to graze on the grasses of large tracts of rangeland. Raising cattle in this manner allows the use of land that might be unsuitable for growing crops. The most common interactions with cattle involve daily feeding, cleaning and milking. Many routine husbandry practices involve ear tagging, dehorning, loading, medical operations, vaccinations and hoof care, as well as training for agricultural shows and preparations. Also, some cultural differences occur in working with cattle, the cattle husbandry of Fulani men rests on behavioural techniques, whereas in Europe, cattle are controlled primarily by physical means, such as fences.  Breeders use cattle husbandry to reduce M. bovis infection susceptibility by selective breeding and maintaining herd health to avoid concurrent disease. 
Cattle are farmed for beef, veal, dairy, and leather, and they are less commonly used for conservation grazing, simply to maintain grassland for wildlife,  for example, in Epping Forest, England. They are often used in some of the most wild places for livestock. Depending on the breed, cattle can survive on hill grazing, heaths, marshes, moors and semidesert. Modern cattle are more commercial than older breeds and, having become more specialized, are less versatile. For this reason, many smaller farmers still favor old breeds, such as the Jersey dairy breed. In Portugal, Spain, southern France and some Latin American countries, bulls are used in the activity of bullfighting,  Jallikattu in India is a bull taming sport radically different from European bullfighting, humans are unarmed and bulls are not killed. In many other countries bullfighting is illegal. Other activities such as bull riding are seen as part of a rodeo, especially in North America. Bull-leaping, a central ritual in Bronze Age Minoan culture, see Sacred Bull, still exists in southwestern France.  In modern times, cattle are also entered into agricultural competitions. These competitions can involve live cattle or cattle carcases in hoof and hook events. 
In terms of food intake by humans, consumption of cattle is less efficient than of grain or vegetables with regard to land use, and hence cattle grazing consumes more area than such other agricultural production when raised on grains. Nonetheless, cattle and other forms of domesticated animals can sometimes help to use plant resources in areas not easily amenable to other forms of agriculture. Bulls are sometimes used as guard animals. 
The average sleep time of a domestic cow is about 4 hours a day.  Cattle do have a stay apparatus, but do not sleep standing up, they lie down to sleep deeply.  In spite of the urban legend, cows cannot be tipped over by people pushing on them. 
The meat of adult cattle is known as beef, and that of calves is veal.  Other animal parts are also used as food products, including blood, liver, kidney, heart and oxtail.  Cattle also produce milk, and dairy cattle are specifically bred to produce the large quantities of milk processed and sold for human consumption. Cattle today are the basis of a multibillion-dollar industry worldwide. The international trade in beef for 2000 was over $30 billion and represented only 23 percent of world beef production. The production of milk, which is also made into cheese, butter, yogurt, and other dairy products, is comparable in economic size to beef production, and provides an important part of the food supply for many of the world's people. Cattle hides, used for leather to make shoes, couches and clothing, are another widespread product.  Cattle remain broadly used as draft animals in many developing countries, such as India. Cattle are also used in some sporting games, including rodeo and bullfighting. 
About half the world's meat comes from cattle. 
Certain breeds of cattle, such as the Holstein-Friesian, are used to produce milk, which can be processed into dairy products such as milk, cheese or yogurt. Dairy cattle are usually kept on specialized dairy farms designed for milk production. Most cows are milked twice per day, with milk processed at a dairy, which may be onsite at the farm or the milk may be shipped to a dairy plant for eventual sale of a dairy product. For dairy cattle to continue producing milk, they must give birth to one calf per year. If the calf is male, it generally is slaughtered at a young age to produce veal. They will continue to produce milk until three weeks before birth. Over the last fifty years, dairy farming has become more intensive to increase the yield of milk produced by each cow. The Holstein-Friesian is the breed of dairy cow most common in the UK, Europe and the United States. It has been bred selectively to produce the highest yields of milk of any cow. Around 22 litres per day is average in the UK. 
Most cattle are not kept solely for hides, which are usually a by-product of beef production. Hides are most commonly used for leather which can be made into a variety of product including shoes. In 2012 India was the world's largest producer of cattle hides. 
Feral cattle are defined as being cattle that are not domesticated or cultivated. Populations of feral cattle are known to come from and exist in, Australia, United States of America, Colombia, Argentina, Spain, France and many islands, including New Guinea, Hawaii, Galapagos, Juan Fernández Islands, Hispaniola, Dominican Republic and Haiti, Tristan da Cunha and Île Amsterdam,  two islands of Kuchinoshima and Kazura Island next to Naru Island in Japan. Chillingham cattle is sometimes regarded as a feral breed. Aleutian wild cattles can be found on Aleutian Islands. The Kinmen cattle which is dominantly found on Kinmen Island, Taiwan is mostly domesticated while smaller portion of the population is believed to live in the wild due to accidental releases. 
Other notable examples include cattles vicinity to Hong Kong, in the Shing Mun Country Park, among Sai Kung District and Lantau Island and on Grass Island, and semi-feral animals in Yangmingshan, Taiwan. 
Gut flora in cattle include methanogens that produce methane as a byproduct of enteric fermentation, which cattle belch out. The same volume of atmospheric methane has a higher global warming potential than atmospheric carbon dioxide. Methane belching from cattle can be reduced with genetic selection, immunization, rumen defaunation, diet modification and grazing management, among others. 
A report from the Food and Agriculture Organization, FAO, states that the livestock sector is responsible for 18 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. The IPCC estimates that Cattle and other livestock emit about 80 to 93 Megatonnes of methane per year, accounting for an estimated 37 percent of anthropogenic methane emissions, and additional methane is produced by anaerobic fermentation of manure in manure lagoons and other manure storage structures. The net change in atmospheric methane content was recently about 1 Megatonne per year,  and in some recent years there has been no increase in atmospheric methane content.  While cattle fed forage actually produce more methane than grain-fed cattle, the increase may be offset by the increased carbon recapture of pastures, which recapture three times the CO2 of cropland used for grain. 
One of the cited changes suggested to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is intensification of the livestock industry, since intensification leads to less land for a given level of production. This assertion is supported by studies of the US beef production system, suggesting practices prevailing in 2007 involved 8.6 percent less fossil fuel use, 16.3 percent less greenhouse gas emissions, 12.1 percent less water use, and 33.0 percent less land use, per unit mass of beef produced, than those used in 1977.  The analysis took into account not only practices in feedlots, but also feed production, with less feed needed in more intensive production systems, forage-based cow-calf operations and back-grounding before cattle enter a feedlot, with more beef produced per head of cattle from those sources, in more intensive systems, and beef from animals derived from the dairy industry. 
The number of American cattle kept in confined feedlot conditions fluctuates. From 1 January 2002 through 1 January 2012, there was no significant overall upward or downward trend in the number of US cattle on feed for slaughter, which averaged about 14.046 million head over that period.  Previously, the number had increased, it was 12.453 million in 1985. Cattle on feed, for slaughter, numbered about 14.121 million on 1 January 2012, i.e. about 15.5 percent of the estimated inventory of 90.8 million US cattle, including calves, on that date.  Of the 14.121 million, US cattle on feed, for slaughter, in operations with 1000 head or more were estimated to number 11.9 million. Cattle feedlots in this size category correspond to the regulatory definition of large concentrated animal feeding operations, CAFOs, for cattle other than mature dairy cows or veal calves.  Significant numbers of dairy, as well as beef cattle, are confined in CAFOs, defined as new and existing operations which stable or confine and feed or maintain for a total of 45 days or more in any 12-month period more than the number of animals specified where rops, vegetation, forage growth, or post-harvest residues are not sustained in the normal growing season over any portion of the lot or facility.  They may be designated as small, medium and large. Such designation of cattle CAFOs is according to cattle type, mature dairy cows, veal calves or other, and cattle numbers, but medium CAFOs are so designated only if they meet certain discharge criteria, and small CAFOs are designated only on a case-by-case basis. 
A CAFO that discharges pollutants is required to obtain a permit, which requires a plan to manage nutrient runoff, manure, chemicals, contaminants, and other wastewater pursuant to the US Clean Water Act. The regulations involving CAFO permitting have been extensively litigated. Commonly, CAFO wastewater and manure nutrients are applied to land at agronomic rates for use by forages or crops, and it is often assumed that various constituents of wastewater and manure, e.g. organic contaminants and pathogens, will be retained, inactivated or degraded on the land with application at such rates, however, additional evidence is needed to test reliability of such assumptions .  Concerns raised by opponents of CAFOs have included risks of contaminated water due to feedlot runoff, soil erosion, human and animal exposure to toxic chemicals, development of antibiotic resistant bacteria and an increase in E. coli contamination.  While research suggests some of these impacts can be mitigated by developing wastewater treatment systems and planting cover crops in larger setback zones, the Union of Concerned Scientists released a report in 2008 concluding that CAFOs are generally unsustainable and externalize costs. 
An estimated 935,000 cattle operations were operating in the USA in 2010. In 2001, the US Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, tallied 5,990 cattle CAFOs then regulated, consisting of beef, 2,200, dairy, 3,150, heifer, 620, and veal operations, 20. Since that time, the EPA has established CAFOs as an enforcement priority.  EPA enforcement highlights for fiscal year 2010 indicated enforcement actions against 12 cattle CAFOs for violations that included failures to obtain a permit, failures to meet the terms of a permit, and discharges of contaminated water. 
Another concern is manure, which if not well-managed, can lead to adverse environmental consequences. However, manure also is a valuable source of nutrients and organic matter when used as a fertilizer.  Manure was used as a fertilizer on about 15.8 million acres of US cropland in 2006, with manure from cattle accounting for nearly 70 percent of manure applications to soybeans and about 80 percent or more of manure applications to corn, wheat, barley, oats and sorghum.  Substitution of manure for synthetic fertilizers in crop production can be environmentally significant, as between 43 and 88 megajoules of fossil fuel energy would be used per kg of nitrogen in manufacture of synthetic nitrogenous fertilizers. 
Grazing by cattle at low intensities can create a favourable environment for native herbs and forbs, in many world regions, though, cattle are reducing biodiversity due to overgrazing.  A survey of refuge managers on 123 National Wildlife Refuges in the US tallied 86 species of wildlife considered positively affected and 82 considered negatively affected by refuge cattle grazing or haying. Proper management of pastures, notably managed intensive rotational grazing and grazing at low intensities can lead to less use of fossil fuel energy, increased recapture of carbon dioxide, fewer ammonia emissions into the atmosphere, reduced soil erosion, better air quality, and less water pollution. 
Cattle conservation and preservation is important for maintaining ecology of the rural areas and villages which in turn is crucial for nature conservation. Govidyapeetham, a cattle conservation institute by Aniruddha's Institute of Gramin Vikas, Rural Development, situated in Karjat city in the state of Maharashtra, India is dedicated for research based reproduction of cows using modern technology. 
The veterinary discipline dealing with cattle and cattle diseases, bovine veterinary, is called buiatrics. Veterinarians and professionals working on cattle health issues are pooled in the World Association for Buiatrics, founded in 1960. National associations and affiliates also exist. 
Cattle diseases were in the center of attention in the 1980s and 1990s when the Bovine spongiform encephalopathy, BSE, also known as mad cow disease, was of concern.  Cattle might catch and develop various other diseases, like blackleg, bluetongue, foot rot too. 
In most states, as cattle health is not only a veterinarian issue, but also a public health issue, public health and food safety standards and farming regulations directly affect the daily work of farmers who keep cattle. However, said rules change frequently and are often debated. For instance, in the UK, it was proposed in 2011 that milk from tuberculosis-infected cattle should be allowed to enter the food chain. Internal food safety regulations might affect a country's trade policy as well. For example, the United States has just reviewed its beef import rules according to the mad cow standards, while Mexico forbids the entry of cattle who are older than 30 months.
Cow urine is commonly used in India for internal medical purposes.  It is distilled and then consumed by patients seeking treatment for a wide variety of illnesses. At present, no conclusive medical evidence shows this has any effect. However, an Indian medicine containing cow urine has already obtained US patents. 
Digital dermatitis is caused by the bacteria from the genus Treponema. It differs from foot rot and can appear under unsanitary conditions such as poor hygiene or inadequate hoof trimming, among other causes. It primarily affects dairy cattle and has been known to lower the quantity of milk produced, however the milk quality remains unaffected. Cattle are also susceptible to ringworm caused by the fungus, Trichophyton verrucosum, a contagious skin disease which may be transferred to humans exposed to infected cows. 
Mycobacterium vaccae is a non pathogenic, possibly even beneficial bacteria, that is seen naturally in soil, that was first isolated from cow dung. 
Stocking density refers to the number of animals within a specified area. When stocking density reaches high levels, the behavioural needs of the animals may not be met.  This can negatively influence health, welfare and production performance. 
The effect of overstocking in cows can have a negative effect on milk production and reproduction rates which are two very important traits for dairy farmers. Overcrowding of cows in barns has been found to reduced feeding, resting and rumination. Although they consume the same amount of dry matter within the span of a day, they consume the food at a much more rapid rate, and this behaviour in cows can lead to further complications. The feeding behaviour of cows during their post-milking period is very important as it has been proven that the longer animals can eat after milking, the longer they will be standing up and therefore causing less contamination to the teat ends. This is necessary to reduce the risk of mastitis as infection has been shown to increase the chances of embryonic loss. Sufficient rest is important for dairy cows because it is during this period that their resting blood flow increases up to 50 percent, this is directly proportionate to milk production. Each additional hour of rest can be seen to translate to 2 to 3.5 more pounds of milk per cow daily. Stocking densities of anything over 120 percent have been shown to decrease the amount of time cows spend lying down. 
Cortisol is an important stress hormone, its plasma concentrations increase greatly when subjected to high levels of stress.  Increased concentration levels of cortisol have been associated with significant increases in gonadotrophin levels and lowered progestin levels. Reduction of stress is important in the reproductive state of cows as an increase in gonadotrophin and lowered progesterone levels may impinge on the ovulatory and lutenization process and to reduce the chances of successful implantation. A high cortisol level will also stimulate the degradation of fats and proteins which may make it difficult for the animal to sustain its pregnancy if implanted successfully. 
Oxen, singular ox, are cattle trained as draft animals. Often they are adult, castrated males of larger breeds, although females and bulls are also used in some areas. Usually, an ox is over four years old due to the need for training and to allow it to grow to full size. Oxen are used for plowing, transport, hauling cargo, grain-grinding by trampling or by powering machines, irrigation by powering pumps, and wagon drawing. Oxen were commonly used to skid logs in forests, and sometimes still are, in low-impact, select-cut logging. Oxen are most often used in teams of two, paired, for light work such as carting, with additional pairs added when more power is required, sometimes up to a total of 20 or more. 
An ox is a mature bovine which has learned to respond appropriately to a teamster's signals. These signals are given by verbal commands or by noise, whip cracks. Verbal commands vary according to dialect and local tradition.  In one tradition in North America, the commands are, 
Back up go backwards,
Gee turn right,
Get up walk forward,
Haw turn left,
Whoa stop,
Oxen can pull harder and longer than horses. Though not as fast as horses, they are less prone to injury because they are more sure-footed. 
Many oxen are used worldwide, especially in developing countries.  About 11.3 million draft oxen are used in sub-Saharan Africa.  In India, the number of draft cattle in 1998 was estimated at 65.7 million head. About half the world's crop production is thought to depend on land preparation, such as plowing, made possible by animal traction. 
Cattle are venerated within the Hindu religion of India. In the Vedic period they were a symbol of plenty, and were frequently slaughtered. In later times they gradually acquired their present status. According to the Mahabharata, they are to be treated with the same respect as one's mother. In the middle of the first millennium, the consumption of beef began to be disfavoured by lawgivers. Although there has never been any cow-goddesses or temples dedicated to them, cows appear in numerous stories from the Vedas and Puranas. The deity Krishna was brought up in a family of cowherders, and given the name Govinda, protector of the cows. Also, Shiva is traditionally said to ride on the back of a bull named Nandi. 
Hinduism considers cow as divine and satvik, with pure virtues, and is worshipped as goddess. Medical science stresses importance of the cow for her milk, her urine as well as her excreta in our day-to-day life. Govidyapeetham, India aims to revive reproduction methodologies undertaken by Balram, brother of Lord Krishna, a deity in Hinduism, combining with modern technology.  
Milk and milk products were used in Vedic rituals. In the postvedic period products of the cow,  milk, curd, ghee, but also cow dung and urine, gomutra, or the combination of these five, panchagavya, began to assume an increasingly important role in ritual purification and expiation.
Veneration of the cow has become a symbol of the identity of Hindus as a community, especially since the end of the 19th century. Slaughter of cows, including oxen, bulls and calves, is forbidden by law in several states of the Indian Union. McDonald's outlets in India do not serve any beef burgers. In Maharaja Ranjit Singh's empire of the early 19th century, the killing of a cow was punishable by death. 
Cattle are typically represented in heraldry by the bull. 
For 2013, the FAO estimated global cattle numbers at 1.47 billion. Regionally, the FAO estimate for 2013 includes, Asia 495 million, South America 348 million, Africa 305 million, Europe 122 million, North America 102 million, Central America 46 million, Oceania 42 million, and Caribbean 9 million.  The following table shows the cattle population in 2009. 
As of  2003, Africa had about 231 million head of cattle, raised in both traditional and non-traditional systems, but often an integral part of the culture and way of life.

There are around 10 million cattle in the UK, most of which are reared for either beef, beef cows, or milk production, dairy cows. There are currently 1.8 million adult dairy cows and 1.7 million adult beef cows.

The majority of dairy cows in the UK are impregnated by artificial insemination, which occurs 2-3 months after each birth.

Calves are taken away from their mother within 24 to 48 hours which is traumatic for both. 

Male calves are an unwanted by-product of the milk production industry and are killed shortly after birth.

Through selective breeding and concentrated feeds cows produce up to 10 times more milk than they would naturally.

The huge overproduction of milk has severe welfare implications for dairy cows and has resulted in a number of production diseases, including mastitis and lameness.

Marks & Spencer, Waitrose and Morrison's are supermarkets which give dairy cows some access to grassland. Asda, M&S, Sainsbury's, Tesco and Waitrose are supermarkets which encourage farmers supplying their own label milk to rear male dairy calves for veal or beef instead of killing them at birth.

The Soil Association organic standards put animal welfare first, with many conditions for dairy cows which need to be met to reduce stress.

Beef calves from a dairy herd are taken from their mothers and fed formula before early weaning at 5-6 weeks.

Calves have to endure castration, disbudding and dehorning.

15-20 percent of British beef comes from intensive farming systems where calves are kept indoors all year round.

Less intensive systems allow the calves to remain with their mothers and have a predominantly grass-based diet.

The most well known disease affecting beef cows is bovine spongiform encephalopathy, however cows can suffer from a range of other diseases.

A cow's natural lifespan is 20 to 25 years but dairy cows are considered worn out at 5 years old by the strain of constant milk and calf production and are slaughtered. Beef cattle are slaughtered between 1 and 2 years.

Cattle are stunned by electricity or percussion, captive bolt, before being killed by cutting the blood vessels in their neck, sticking.

Cows are intelligent, friendly animals who don't want to be made into hamburgers or steaks. So why are humans still eating them?

In order to make them grow more quickly, cows on factory farms are pumped full of hormones and antibiotics that are illegal in many countries. They're also dehorned, which means that farmers remove their sensitive horn tissue or the horns themselves using hot irons, chemicals, or hand saws, and branded without being given any pain relief.

Did you know that cows are actually a lot like us? They play games, hold grudges, and form lasting friendships. Cows are also excellent mothers who are very loving and protective of their calves, they even take turns babysitting for each other! And despite their size, cows have been known to jump fences to search for lost calves. Oh, yeah, and that milk that they make, it's for their babies, not for you!



Cows used for their milk are seen as nothing more than milk-making machines. They are pumped full of growth hormones to increase milk production, but they're not built to make that much milk, so they get painful infections.

Male calves are a byproduct of the dairy industry. They are often taken from their mothers on the day that they're born. Calves used for veal are kept in tiny crates that are so small that they can't even turn around. After a few short months of this horrible life, they are killed.

Changed your mind about beef and dairy products? Thought so!

There are lots of meat and dairy alternatives available in most local grocery stores. You can even get meatless meatballs! Ask your parents to look for Boca or Gardein beefless burgers and soy or almond milk. Love cheese and don't think you can give it up? Sure you can! Try Daiya vegan cheese slices, wedges, and shreds.

For more information on how you can help cows, check out A Cow's Life online!

Cattle is a word to describe animals which are mammals and belong to the genus Bos. Within the general term of cattle are cows, bulls, oxen, heifers, steers, bullocks and calves. Cattle are the most common type of large domesticated hoofed animals. They are a prominent modern member of the subfamily Bovinae.
Cattle are large grass-eating mammals with two-toed or cloven hooves and a four-chambered stomach. This stomach is an adaptation to help digest tough grasses. Cattle can be horned or polled, or hornless, depending on the breed. The horns come out on either side of the head above the ears and are a simple shape, usually curved upwards but sometimes down. Cattle usually stay together in groups called herds. One male, called a bull will usually have a number of cows in a herd as his harem. The cows usually give birth to one calf a year, though twins are also known to be born. The calves have long strong legs and can walk a few minutes after they are born, so they can follow the herd.
Cattle are native to many parts of the world except Australia and New Zealand. Cattle have been domesticated for about 7,000 years. They are used for milk, meat, transport, entertainment, and power.
The word cattle has been used in English for about 1,000 years and the meaning has changed. In books such as the King James Version of the Bible, the word is used for all sorts of farm animals, including horses, sheep and goats. The word comes from the Old French word, chattels, meaning all the things that a person owns.
The word cattle is used for some wild animals as well as for domesticated cattle. Wild cattle include the Water Buffalo from South East Asia, the Musk Ox and Yak from Central Asia, the Bison of North America and Europe and the African Buffalo. The last Aurochs, wild cattle of Europe, were killed in Masovia, Poland in 1627.
An intact male bovine is called a bull. A young male bovine is called a bullock. A mature female that has given birth to at least one or two calves is called a cow. A young bovine between birth and weaning is called a calf. Two or more of these young bovines are calves. A female that has never had a calf is called a heifer, pronounced heffer. Calving is the act of a cow or heifer giving birth to a calf.
Because very few bulls are needed to breed with many cows and heifers and to form a complete breeding herd, most male cattle are used for meat. They are castrated by removing the testicles to prevent them from being able to breed other cows and heifers, and to take away the male characteristics that are common with bulls. A male that has been castrated before reaching puberty is called a steer. An ox is a male bovine that has been castrated after puberty and is trained and used for draft purposes, such as pulling a plow or a wagon. Cattle can either be horned, which are two bony points coming out on either side of a beast's head, one on each side, or polled, where no horns are grown but a somewhat pointy poll is found at the top of a cow's head.
The adjective that is used to describe something that is like a cow or an ox is bovine.
The words cow, bull and calf are also used to describe some other large animals that are not related to cattle, such as elephants, moose and whales.
Cattle are found all over the world, from as far north as Canada and Russia to the dry inland of Australia. The only continent they are not found on is Antarctica. Different types and breeds of cattle are suited to different environments. Bos indicus cattle such as the Brahman breed are suited to subtropical and tropical areas, whereas Bos taurus cattle such as Angus cattle are more suited to temperate or colder climates. Their large wide hooves are good in both wet areas and dry grassland. Their hairy coat grows much longer in the winter and has an extra fluffy layer to hold in warmth. They shed this extra layer in springtime in preparation for the hot summer ahead. Most cattle, except those of the Bos indicus subspecies do not have sweat glands in their skin, but their wet nose is a useful cooling system. They can also pant like a dog as well.
Cattle can make a range of noises, from a gentle moo to a low growl in warning or to attract females, especially among bulls. When they are angry or upset, they can bellow or bawl quite loudly. Calves are said to bawl, cows moo and bulls bellow.
Cattle are herbivorous, meaning that they are plant-eating, primarily grass, animals. Eating grass is called grazing. They have very strong tongues and strong lower front teeth that help them to graze. Unlike a horse, cattle do not have any upper front teeth. A cow often swallows grass whole. After a cow has eaten its fill and is resting, they return or regurgitate the grass from their stomach to their mouth and rechew it with their very large back teeth to break it down further. This is called chewing the cud. Other ruminants like deer, sheep and goats also do this. Horses do not. This means that cattle do not need as much food as horses, even though they are about the same size.
Cattle are ruminants which mean they have a stomach with several chambers which helps digest their food more efficiently. A cow's stomach has four chambers called the reticulum, rumen, omasum and abomasum. The reticulum is known as the hardware stomach because it is mainly used as a storage area for hard things that the cow might accidentally swallow like nails, rocks and other objects. The rumen is the largest chamber in a ruminant's stomach, and in cattle it can hold up to 50 gallons feed. It is the chamber where fermentation takes place to help break down the grass that the cow has eaten. The omasum, also known as many piles is a compartment that squeezes or absorbs all the water that has accumulated from the digestion that has gone on in the rumen. The fourth chamber is the abomasum which similar in function to a human's stomach, and so is called the true stomach.
Cows have breasts called udders which are joined together in a large sac, often pink in colour, found hanging between the back legs. The udder is divided into four parts, or quarters, each with a large teat that the calf is able to grasp with its mouth to suckle from. Cows begin milk production a few days before a calf is born, and can continue to produce milk when bred again and when pregnant with their next calf. Heifers, unless they have given birth to their first calf, do not produce milk. Dairy cows tend to have much larger udders than beef cows, and as such, these type of cows will usually produce more milk than what is needed to feed one calf. Dairy cows are female cattle that are raised to produce lots of milk for human consumption. Beef cows, on the other hand, are female cattle that are used to raise a calf from birth that is used for beef later in its life. Both types of cows will keep producing milk as long as it is demanded, either by the calf, by the milking machine, or by the human that is hand-milking them. When milk from them is no longer needed, they will not explode, they simply dry up, where the milk they produce is absorbed or taken back in by their bodies. Cows are pregnant for around 9 months, or an average of 280 days.
Bulls can often be fierce and dangerous, especially in the presence of their herd of cows and heifers. In the wild, they will often fight each other over mating rights and their herds of cows and will use their horns to gore each other. Some bulls will fight to the death, others will fight until either one of the bulls decides to run off. They also protect the herds from other animals such as wolves, jackals, bears, tigers and lions. On farms, bulls are usually quieter and more docile and can be led by a nose-ring by their owners, but they can be aggressive with other bulls and with strange people or animals who might get too near his herd. Dairy bulls like Jerseys and Holsteins tend to be more aggressive than bulls of beef breeds like Hereford and Angus. Not all cattle have horns. Bulls with no horns fight by head-butting the other's head, neck, side or belly, and will use their heads to push each other around.
For the reasons above, most male cattle are either sent to slaughter while they are still calves or are castrated so that they are much less likely to fight each other, or be aggressive towards the farmer that is raising them, making them safer to handle and keep until it is time to send them to market. Steers have no other purpose except to be raised, sold and slaughtered for beef.
Ever since people started using cattle in Prehistoric times, cattle have been a sign of wealth. In many countries, particularly in Africa and Asia, a person's wealth is judged by the number of cattle they own. Different breeds are used differently.
Cattle are very useful animals. Their flesh can be eaten as meat. Their milk can be drank and turned into cheese and yogurt. Their skin can be used as leather. They can pull carts and plows. They can make the power to turn flour mills or pump water. The food that they eat is not expensive, and often not in competition with what people eat.
Dairy cattle are kept and raised specially for milking. Herds of cows are kept and are regularly mated with a bull, so that they produce calves. This keeps the milk supply going. However, most commercial dairy farms do not keep bulls because of the concern that such bulls are very dangerous when being handled. Instead, cows are artificially inseminated with bull semen that is stored kept frozen in liquid nitrogen, and is bred by a person who artificially inseminates cows for a living.
Some large dairy herds, especially those used to produce organic or free-range milk are kept on pasture where there is a good supply of grass and the fields are relatively small, but not so small that they are not able to graze regularly during the season when grass is growing. This is because the cows need to be brought in for milking every day, twice a day, and should not have far to travel.
A number of dairy herds are kept in barns or sheds for most of their lives and are given feed that has been especially made for them. This feed contains grain like corn, hay including grass and alfalfa or clover, and fermented chopped feed called silage that is usually made from corn, wheat or barley. Cows are often kept in stalls where they have enough room to lay down comfortably. Such large dairies must supply straw or saw dust for the cows to rest on without getting sore from the hard concrete floor.
Cows can be milked by hand, but in many countries where there are large dairies, the cows are milked by a milking machine. The milk is collected in a large stainless steel container where it undergoes pastuerization, a process that heats milk to a very high temperature to kill any bacteria that are living in the milk. The milk is then taken by truck to a milk or dairy factory to be made into the milk we drink by being separated to remove most of the cream. It is then put into bottles or cartons to be sold. Some milk is also turned into cheese, ice cream, butter, cream and even yogurt. All of these dairy products are packaged or put into cartons or bottles and sold.
Many types of cattle are used for milk. They include,
Beef cattle are bred and raised specifically to provide meat or beef. Steers are the best type for this purpose because they can be kept in herds without fighting each other. Heifers are also often used for beef, especially those that are not suitable to be used in a breeding herd. The cows of beef cattle are used to give birth to and raise calves for meat. They are not usually used for milk, although some types of cattle, such as the Red Poll, Dexter or Red Devon, also known as the North Devon or Devon, are used for both. These type of cattle are called dual purpose breeds.
Beef cattle are often allowed graze over large areas because they do not have to be brought in every day like dairy cattle. The biggest farms in the world are cattle stations in Australia, ranches in North America and ranchos in Latin America where they run beef cattle.
Until the mid 20th century, beef cattle were often sent to market on the hoof. Cowboys or drovers would herd the cattle along the roads or on trails to the cattle markets in big towns or cities, or to railway stations where they would be loaded and shipped to these towns or cities. In Australia, sometimes the cattle would travel for hundreds of miles along roads known as Traveling Stock Routes. Big herds would have thousands of heads of cattle. Cattle are counted by the head. Nowadays cattle are usually sent to the market in huge lorries known as road-trains. In North America, cattle are sent to auction marts, slaughter plants or other farms or ranches by large semi-trucks called cattle liners.
The meat from a calf is called veal and from an older beast, beef. Meat that is cut into flat pieces for frying or grilling is called steak. Every part of a beast can be used. The skin becomes leather. The meat which is not used by humans becomes pet food and almost everything that is left over becomes garden fertilizer. Many other products can be and are often made from cattle, for example, car tires, home insulation, paint, hand lotion, soap, jello, and many drugs are made from parts of cattle. Cow's blood is often used in special effects in the creation of action or horror movies. Bones from cattle can be made into knife handles or napkin rings. The list is endless.
Types of cattle that are used for beef,
Oxen are cattle trained as work animals. The word ox is used to describe just one. They are castrated males, steers.
An ox is over four years old and grown to full size when it begins to work. Oxen are used for pulling plows and wagons, for hauling heavy loads like logs or for powering different machines such as mills and irrigation pumps.
Oxen are most often used in teams of two for light work such as plowing. In past days, very large teams of fourteen to twenty oxen were used for heavy work such as logging. The oxen are put into pairs and each pair must work together. A wooden yoke is put about the neck of each pair, so that the work is shared across their shoulders. Oxen are chosen from certain breeds with horns, since the horns hold the yoke in place when the oxen lower their heads, back up or slow down.
Oxen must be trained from a young age. The owner must make or buy as many as a dozen yokes of different sizes as the animals grow. Ox teams are steered by shouted commands, whistles or the noise of a whip crack. Men who drove ox teams were called teamsters in America, wagoners in Britain, or in Australia, bullockies. Many bullockies and teamsters were famous for their voices and for their foul language.
Oxen can pull harder and longer than horses, especially for very large loads. They are not as fast as horses, but they are less often injured or less likely to startle than horses are. Many oxen are still in use all over the world, especially in poor countries.

It takes about 350 squirts to make a gallon of milk.

How can you tell how old a cow is? Count the rings on her horns.

It's really too bad cows had the misfortune to be made of tasty, tasty beef. Too bad for them, but awesome for most of us. Whether you believe cows are meant for eating, for milking, or for just admiring, you can't deny they're fascinating creatures. Just how fascinating? You might be surprised.

You probably know someone who swears they had a college roommate with a brother who once went cow tipping for fun or maybe your ex-girlfriend's idiot cousin regales you with cow tipping stories at every family get-together. That doesn't mean cow tipping is possible. It means those people are lying.

Do you know who's saying that? Science, and Sheldon Cooper. Even if you don't believe him, you've got to believe the math done by a team from the University of British Columbia, via Modern Farmer. They looked at how much force a single person can generate and how much force would be needed to actually push a cow over, factoring in the direction of force, the cow's center of mass, and more. Long story short, 1,360 Newtons of force would be required to tip a cow, and a 145-pound person can only generate 660 Newtons.

That's even assuming the cow is compliant in the whole thing. Cows don't sleep standing up, and as prey animals that are always on the lookout, they're hard to sneak up on. Factor in the cow trying to stay on her feet, and you'd need five or six average people to come close to the required amount of force. By then, Bessie has lumbered off and at least one of the drunken, would-be cow tippers has probably puked on his own shoes.

You probably don't think about the way a cow sees the world, but it's pretty incredible. Those big, beautiful eyes give cows a range of sight that's an almost unthinkable 300 to 330 degrees. The only place Clover can't see without moving her head is directly behind her, which she needs as a grazing prey animal. There is a drawback, though. According to the Cooperative Extension of the USDA, cows lack depth perception.

Cow vision is cooler still, and according to a 2015 study done in Australia, via Drovers, each one of a cow's eyes is strongly connected to the opposite side of the brain. The right brain,  which tells the cow when she should be afraid and when she should run,  is connected to the left eye, so when cows are checking out something they're afraid of, they'll often use their left eyes to accurately assess threats. The right eye is connected to the left brain, which tells the cows what to do when life isn't throwing any curveballs. Cows that trust their caretakers will use their right eye to look at them. Generally, more dominant cows are less fearful and use their right eyes more often. It's unclear which eye is used for come-hither winking.

It might not be the worst thing that can happen at work, but Janet from accounting making her microwave popcorn every afternoon is definitely on the list. Thank your lucky stars you're not a cow, because you could smell popcorn,  and anything else,  from 6 miles away.

According to Modern Farmer, cows use their sense of smell for everything from tracking their babies to assessing a potential mate. The cow's nasal sensitivity is due to something called the Jacobson's organ. ThoughtCo says humans have it, too, but ours doesn't really work.

We obviously can't ask cows what they think of our particular smell, but anecdotal evidence suggests they may not like things like our fancy colognes and perfumes. Hard to blame them. Some farmers suggest they have an adverse reaction to things like scented laundry detergents, so what's the modern cowboy to do? If you're wondering whether there's a fragrance that makes humans smell pleasant to cows, there totally is.

No matter how much you think you know about the Nazis, the Third Reich will continue to prove itself a crazy Pandora's box that just keeps on giving. A zoologist named Konrad Lorenz claimed domestication was ruining animals. Their wild ancestors were more beautiful and biologically pure, he said, and you can probably see where this is going.

Cabinet magazine says what followed was the idea of creating a game reserve in Poland that would be home to animals reverse-engineered into their ancient ancestors, including ancient cows called aurochs. Those died out in the middle of the 17th century, so a 20th-century breeding program led by Lutz and Heinz Heck created an aurochs-like breed called Heck cattle or Heck aurochs.

The brothers took the postwar survival of some of the cattle as a sign of the superiority of the breed because of course they did. Heck cattle are still around, and they're super-insane, as one English farmer found out the hard way. Derek Gow told the BBC he ended up slaughtering 20 of his aurochs because they were too aggressive to handle safely. In 2017, CNN reported that the Tauros program, conceived in 2008 with the idea of reverse-engineering aurochs, was going quite well. If there's anything you can say for the human race it's that we don't learn.

You're familiar with those docile-looking black-and-white cows that are all over rural America, right? These aren't them.

Chillingham Castle Park in Northumberland, England is home to a herd of around 100 souls aptly called the Chillingham wild cattle. They roam over 360 acres, and while there's an overseer that keeps an eye on them and makes sure they're safe from outside interference, these tough, rugged, 100 percent wild cattle have never been touched by humans or cared for by a vet.

Even more impressive is how long they've been there. According to the BBC, the park was fenced off in 1240 with a herd of cattle inside that's been there ever since. The Natural History Society of Northumbria says they've remained unchanged, and their relatively small but stocky bodies are a pretty perfect example of what most cattle would have looked like throughout the Middle Ages. They've kept their medieval behavior, too, birthing calves away from the herd and hooting as well as mooing. Every year, these living relics weather the rough winters and wet summers the same way their ancestors have since the days of Columbus, Elizabeth I, and Henry VIII.

According to ThoughtCo, the history of our relationship with cattle is pretty confusing. Let's break it down a bit. It's believed we domesticated aurochs in two major events, one happened about 10,500 years ago in the Near East, and the other happened about 7,000 years ago in the Indus Valley. Those cattle eventually spread to Europe, where they bred with the native auroch population there.

Aurochs and cattle have always been important to us,  there's a reason they're featured in so many cave paintings and so many works of ancient art. Weirdly, dairy cows were more useful to our Neolithic ancestors than they are to us today. While a decent percentage of today's humans can't digest lactose, that genetic trait hadn't developed when we were domesticating cattle.

We weren't going around waving our domesticating wand all over the place, either. When University College London researchers, via ScienceDaily, took a closer look at that first domestication event, they were able to trace the DNA of modern cattle back to reconstruct the DNA of the original herd. It seems we first domesticated about 80 individuals. The idea of catching 80 of these wild, massive, probably angry animals is enough to make you want to have a beer with the folks that did it.

Sure, you know your dog has feelings, try petting another dog as he's watching through the window and see how well that works out for you. But cows have feelings, too. If you don't want to believe your bacon cheeseburger was once someone's best friend, you're living in denial.

A study done at Northampton University, via Barn Sanctuary, measured the heart rate of calves that were paired up with another calf they were seen regularly hanging out with and then with an unfamiliar calf. They were way more relaxed when they were chilling with their bestie, which supports other research from the University of British Columbia that found calves who spent most of their time with their friends were better at reasoning out new challenges. According to Wired, research has suggested cows are deeply emotional, too. When babies are separated from their mothers at a young age, standard practice for dairy cows, they both grow depressed and, believe it or not, pessimistic. They'll stop eating and show other signs of stress. How can you do that to that adorable face, you monster?

Not only that, but according to Applied Animal Behavior, the University of Cambridge has shown that cows paired up and presented with a task will react to each other based on how successful they are, and they'll get super-excited when they figure things out. How adorable is that?

is that?

Cows enjoy music and it impacts milk production

It's a dark soul that believes a little bit of jazz music doesn't make the day a little brighter, and cows? Cows are all about the jazz and REM, as researchers at the University of Leicester found out.

In 2001, researchers, via Modern Farmer, took a look at just how listening to music impacted dairy cows, and they found when music like REM and Simon & Garfunkel was played for cows, they produced around 3 percent more milk. When cows are stressed, they release less oxytocin, which is crucial for the milk-making process. Happier cows are more productive cows. Because humans are inherently selfish animals, we now have plenty of research on how to make cows happy. In addition to soft, slow music, fast-paced music didn't have much effect, another study found milk production increased when cows were read Shakespeare. Specifically, they enjoyed a theatrical reading of The Merry Wives of Windsor, so even if you didn't enjoy The Bard when you had to read him in high school, at least Buttercup appreciates his talents.

Every time you look at Sweet-Dee-Marie the Triple Baconator, what do you name your cows? she's chewing her cud. You've probably heard the term and know it has something to do with their stomachs, but it's actually a pretty cool adaptation that's helped them thrive as giant prey animals.

Cows are ruminants, which means their stomachs have four chambers. They only chew a bit while they're grazing then send the food into the first chamber, called the rumen. There, it's softened and formed into chunks of barely chewed food, called cud. Eventually, they'll regurgitate the cud to finish chewing. According to Cattle Empire, cows can pull off 40,000 chews a day.

It's hugely practical, cows can graze when they have the opportunity and chew later to get the most nutrition out of what they're eating. If they're ambushed by a predator and need to run, they've already got food stores from that awesome patch of clover earlier. They only chew their cud when they're relaxed, and according to the University of Kentucky College of Agriculture, this is a great way to tell just how chill your herd is. Still grossed out? Even if it is regurgitated food and stomach acid, you can't say it's more disgusting than chewing tobacco.

Ever ponder switching to an all-candy diet? Or even a mostly candy diet? It's worth thinking about, until you remember how bad you felt last Halloween. Prepare to be jealous because John Waller, an animal nutrition professor at the University of Tennessee, via LiveScience, says cows can survive quite happily on a candy-heavy diet, plus some minerals for balance. They can process proteins, carbs, and various minerals out of a candy-heavy diet, and some farmers have been doing this since at least 2012.

In 2017, a massive Skittles spill was reported in Wisconsin. News! Turns out, the Skittles were livestock feed, which left a lot of people with a lot of questions. It turns out that not only is it more economical for some farmers to supplement cow diets with candy, and cookies, hot chocolate mix, and sprinkles, than with other foods, it's good for cows to have as much as 5 percent sugar in their diets. It helps with their digestion, and some farmers don't even unwrap the candy first,  the cows seem to be able to handle that, too. Sounds like a pretty good diet. Who's looking forward to the first cow-to-human stomach transplant?

No countryside setting is complete without the gentle moo of a cow, and if you've ever wondered just what they're saying to each other, you're not alone. Jared Decker, a cattle geneticist from the University of Missouri, via NPR, wondered the same thing. He says cows moo a lot when they're moved to a new location, and he thinks they may be calling out for familiar cows, trying to make sure their besties made the trip with them. They also moo,  a lot,  when they're looking for their calves, their moms, or their mates. Pretty similar to humans. And they moo a lot when they see the farmer because food.

According to the BBC, researchers from Queen Mary University of London and the University of Nottingham were able to isolate a few distinct cow sounds. The sound Mama Cow makes to find her calves was different than the call the calves made to say they were hungry, for example. Researchers also found different cow pairs used different voices and sounds to communicate. There's a wide range of frequencies of moos, and it all seems to suggest that the social life of cows is way more complicated than we know. It might even be more complicated than yours.

Wyoming beef cattle inventory at 694,000 head the 15th largest in the US

Wyoming cattle inventory is 1,270,000 head the 24th largest in the US
Cattle are the most produced agriculture commodity in Wyoming followed by hay and hogs.
Wyoming generates more than 1.65 billion dollars in agriculture cash receipts.
Cattle and calves generate more than one billion dollars in agriculture cash receipts for Wyoming. Accounting for 61 percent of agriculture cash receipts.

Many people grow up with the myth of the happy cow. Thanks to the hundreds of millions of dollars spent on dairy advertising each year in the US alone, we rarely stop to question why we would need the milk of another animal.

In fact, milk consumption is so entrenched in our culture as normal and natural that many adults do not even realize cows don't just spontaneously produce milk. Cows, like all mammals, make milk only to feed their babies. They must give birth in order to lactate.

To keep them producing at profitable yields, cows are repeatedly reimpregnated, usually once a year via invasive artificial insemination techniques.

In many respects, cows used for dairy suffer more than cows killed for beef.

Forced Separation of Mothers and Calves
Like human mothers, cows carry their babies for nine months before giving birth. After a long and painful labor, their calves are immediately taken from them so that their milk can be used for human consumption.

Dairy cows endure this process roughly once a year, until their productivity declines and they are slaughtered, usually at four or five years of age.1 In a natural environment, cows can live 20 years or more. 2

Due to extensive genetic manipulation, today's dairy cows produce up to 12 times more milk than they would naturally produce to feed a calf.3

Despite these unnaturally large quantities, dairy producers still take calves away from their mothers within hours or days of birth in order to maximize milk profits.

According to the USDA, 97 percent of newborn dairy calves are removed from their mothers within the first 12 hours.4

On humane label dairy farms, calves are often taken away within the first hour of birth, based on the idea that separation of mother and calf is less traumatic the shorter the time they have to bond. But cows are highly devoted mothers, and their bodies have spent nine months preparing to nurture their newborns.

More than 90 percent of US dairy cows are confined in primarily indoor operations, with more than 60 percent of them tethered by the neck inside barren stalls, unable to perform the most basic natural behaviors essential to their well-being.6

Some of the better humane certification labels permit dairy cows to live on pasture, which results in improved welfare as compared to confined cows.

However, even on small farms and humane label dairy farms, calves are torn from their mothers at birth, or very soon thereafter.

Female calves typically spend their first two months of life confined in lonely hutches with no maternal nurturing, no bodily contact with other calves, and no room to play or run. They are fed a milk replacer while humans consume their mothers milk.

Like their factory farm counterparts, pastured dairy cows are also slaughtered at only a fraction of their natural lifespan, when their milk production declines. In the US alone, approximately three million dairy cows are slaughtered each year, processed into supermarket ground beef and restaurant hamburgers.

The veal industry would not exist without the dairy industry.

The constant cycle of forced pregnancy and birth that dairy cows endure creates a huge number of excess calves. Because male calves cannot produce milk and are not the breed preferred for beef, they are typically sold to be slaughtered for veal.

Newborn dairy calves, many too weak too stand, are taken from their mothers and loaded onto transport trucks for auction.

Approximately 750,000 calves are killed for veal each year in the US11 

The majority of veal calves are raised in confinement in isolated hutches, crates or stalls. Hundreds of thousands of veal calves languish in crates so narrow, they cannot even turn around.

But even on higher welfare farms where calves are raised on pasture or in group housing, they suffer tremendously when taken from their mothers during the time they need them most.

Calves used for veal are typically killed between 14 and 16 weeks of age. About 15 percent of the calves killed for veal in the US are sold as bob veal, meaning they were slaughtered at only 1-3 weeks old. Bob veal is used to make hot dogs, sausages, and lunch meats.

Numerous investigations into dairy calf ranches, veal farms, and calf slaughter facilities reveal unspeakable conditions of abuse and suffering.

Sexual violation of dairy cows, and forced separation of calves from their mothers, are also standard practice on organic dairy farms. As this pasture-based, organic dairy and veal farmer plainly admits of his agitated cows, see clip, They are looking for their babies.

Aurora Organic Dairy operates at least five giant factory farms, each with thousands of animals, in both Colorado and Texas. Female calves languish in lonely hutches. Many calves do not survive.

Additionally, several of the largest organic dairy labels in the US, including Horizon Organic and Aurora Organic Dairy, operate massive factory farm-style dairy facilities that are repeatedly cited for animal welfare violations.

On these industrial organic operations, thousands of dairy cows spend much or most of their time enclosed in filthy, barren feedlots, while female calves languish in lonely hutches.

Humans have no biological need to consume the mothers milk of other animals.

Mammals milk is species specific, meaning the only milk we need to consume comes from our own mothers, and only while we are infants.

calf nursingHuman milk contains exactly the right ratio of fatty acids, lactose, protein and amino acids for human infant development, whereas cows milk contains concentrations of hormones and proteins designed to turn an 80-pound calf into an 800-pound cow by one year of age.

Cows milk is not created for human consumption, and is a major cause of childhood allergies, asthma, ear infections, eczema and other skin rashes, cholesterol buildup in arteries, and is consistently linked to several cancers, childhood diabetes, and obesity.

Thankfully, it's easier than ever to ditch dairy cruelty.

There are a wide variety of delicious plant-based dairy alternatives, from ice cream and cheese to milk, yogurt, butter, and sour cream.

Not only are these products better for the animals, but they're better for your health and for the environment as well.


The vast majority of dairy farms are family-owned. Most dairy farmers are caretakers of the land from their parents, grandparents, or even great grandparents, and plan to pass it on to the next generation. Through the generations, dairy farm families have looked for ways to improve as stewards of their dairy cows and the land.
If you think all farms are alike, you might be asking, What is a dairy farm? Dairy farmers raise cows on a dairy farm for the purpose of producing milk. Feeding the cows and seeing to their health and comfort is a top priority for the farmer. Milking the cows is the single most important function. Cows have to be properly milked, which includes inspecting and washing the cows udders and using milking equipment to gently remove the milk. Many dairy farmers milk cows two to three a day.



Not all cows are raised for the same purpose, so it's okay to ask What is a dairy cow? Dairy cattle are bred for their ability to produce milk from which dairy products are made. Female cows become dairy cows after they have had calves and are producing milk. Before they have calves they are called heifers. In the United States, there are seven different dairy cow breeds.
Many dairy farmers either raise their dairy cattle on pasture, in open-sided freestall barns or in open lots with shady areas depending on the climate and other geographic considerations. In freestall barns, dairy cows eat, drink, sleep and move around whenever and wherever they like. Stalls are filled with soft sand, dry compost or mattresses filled with rubber or water so the animals have a dry and comfortable bed. Fans, automatic misters, shelter and ventilation systems keep cows content in cold and hot weather. Milking is usually done in a special area called a parlor set up with milking machines.


Many dairy farmers either raise their dairy cattle on pasture, in open-sided freestall barns or in open lots with shady areas depending on the climate and other geographic considerations. In freestall barns, dairy cows eat, drink, sleep and move around whenever and wherever they like. Stalls are filled with soft sand, dry compost or mattresses filled with rubber or water so the animals have a dry and comfortable bed. Fans, automatic misters, shelter and ventilation systems keep cows content in cold and hot weather. Milking is usually done in a special area called a parlor set up with milking machines.

Wholesome milk starts with a cow's healthy diet. Did you know that dairy cows have a four-chambered stomach? This makes them ruminants. A cow can digest the nutrients in many types and parts of plants that people can't eat. The feed consists of a combination of forage, like hay or corn silage, grains, corn, wheat and barley, and protein sources, such as soybean meal, plus vitamins and minerals. To keep dairy cows healthy, dairy farmers work with animal nutritionists to combine ingredients into recipes that meet the nutritional requirements of their cows. Dairy cattle also need access to fresh, clean water.

Females, prior to giving birth are called calves or heifers. After they give birth, female dairy animals are called cows. All cows produce milk once they deliver a calf. Dairy cattle are milked two to three times a day. About 10 months after calving, the amount of milk the cow gives naturally decreases, and she begins to dry off, allowing her a rest period before giving birth. A cow will conceive again about two to four months after having a calf, meaning her next calf will be born about 12 to 14 months later, at which time she will rejoin the milking herd.

A dairy cow begins giving milk once she delivers her first calf at about two years of age. Dairy cows have a calf about once a year. Taking care of calves is important to dairy farmers because calves represent the future. When a cow is ready to give birth, the cow goes to a maternity area to ensure comfort and safety. Calves are usually moved to a calf hutch shortly after birth. This protects them from germs that can be passed from the environment or other animals while their immune systems mature. It also allows for individualized feeding and health monitoring.

Calf hutches allow farmers to provide individualized feeding and health monitoring to calves to keep them healthy.

Veterinarians routinely visit dairy farms to conduct check-ups, administer vaccinations and treat illness. Farmers and their workers observe the dairy cattle every day, so they quickly notice if an animal becomes ill. The veterinarian is called for a consultation if needed.

If a dairy cow becomes sick, she is often treated with antibiotics to help her recover. A dairy cow being treated with antibiotics is either separated from the milking herd or clearly identified so that her milk is not mixed with that of the healthy dairy cattle. This insures her milk does not enter the food supply until the antibiotics have cleared her system.

To ensure there are no antibiotic residues in the milk, the US Food and Drug Administration, FDA, requires that every truckload of milk,  organic and regular,  is tested for commonly used antibiotics when it arrives at the dairy processing plant. Any milk that tests positive is rejected, and the farmer is financially responsible for the tanker of milk.

Dairy cow fact, Dairy farmers rely on veterinarians to conduct general checkups to maintain the health of their herd.

Dairy Fun Fact, How Much Milk Can One Cow Make?
Here in BC a cow can produce as much as 30 litres of milk a day and almost 9500 litres of milk a year.

The amount of milk that a cow can produce is dependent on many things like nutrition, breed and age. To produce milk cows must eat the a well balanced diet, so farmer's and nutrition specialists work very hard to ensure that all the cow's nutritional needs are met. 

Different breeds produce different amounts of milk and have different levels of protein and fat in the milk that they produce. For example, around 95 percent of dairy cows are Holsteins, the black and white cows, and this breed produces the most milk of all the dairy breeds.  Jerseys, the light brown cows, produce less milk but they have more fat in their milk.

As a cow gets older, she will often produce more milk because she isn't putting a lot of energy into growing, like young animals, and can use that energy to produce milk. 

Gassy cows? Facts about beef's carbon emissions

This article is sponsored by National Cattlemen's Beef Association, a contractor to the Beef Checkoff. 
Let's clear the air on something up front. All those cow farts you've heard about? It's actually cow burps. Having spent much of my life around cows and conducting research measuring methane emissions from cattle, I'm sure most readers are jealous, I can confirm the vast majority of methane emissions emanating from cattle come out the front end. Also, despite the sensory experience gassy cows may evoke, methane itself is an odorless gas.
Methane emissions from cattle get attention because methane is 28 times, PDF, more potent at trapping heat in the atmosphere than carbon dioxide over a 100-year time frame. Additionally, methane from cattle represents nearly half, PDF, of the carbon footprint of US beef when emissions over the entire life cycle, from feed production to the consumer, are considered. However, methane also can be viewed as the necessary tradeoff for the upcycling services that cattle provide.
A key misconception about methane emissions from cattle is how the animal's diet, PDF, can affect emissions. When cattle eat more forage, or whole plants, that contain a lot of fiber, think grass and hay, they tend to emit more methane gas. Cattle diets that include more grains, like those of most feedlot cattle in the United States, produce fewer methane emissions. In the United States, beef production is a combination of cattle spending about two-thirds of their life grazing and eating mostly forage, followed by the finishing period where cattle are typically housed in a feedlot and fed a grain-based diet, 50-85 percent grain.
Direct emissions from beef cattle represent 2 percent of total US greenhouse gas emissions according to the latest Environmental Protection Agency inventory of greenhouse gas emissions, Table 1. The percentage of greenhouse gas emissions attributed to beef varies from nation-to-nation due to differences in the number of cattle relative to the human population and the amount of fossil fuel-dependent energy consumed within a nation.
For example, in Brazil, a country with more cattle than people and the second largest beef producing nation in the world, methane emissions from beef cattle accounted for 21 percent and transportation represented 20 percent of that nation's greenhouse gas emissions in 2014, according to calculations using the UN FAO's FAOSTAT database and WRI's CAIT Climate Data Explorer tool. Globally, the UN FAO has estimated that beef production accounts for 6 percent of global emissions when feed production and land use change impacts are included. When discussing the relative climate impact of beef production, or any other economic activity, it is key to be specific as to what region of the world is being referenced.
Table 1. Greenhouse gas emissions from beef production, agriculture and other emissions sources in the United States for 2016. All data are from the 1990-2016 EPA Inventory of US Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks, PDF, report.
Greenhouse gases have different potentials to trap heat in the atmosphere, thus a system of global warming potentials, GWP, have been developed to compare across gases on a similar time-scale, expressed in carbon dioxide equivalents. The EPA's report uses the 100-year time horizon GWP of 1 for carbon dioxide, CO2, 25 for methane and 298 for nitrous oxide.
Emissions from beef production are also not stagnant over time. As US beef production has become more efficient, produced more beef per animal, the carbon emissions from beef cattle and their manure has declined both in total and per pound of beef produced, emissions intensity.
In 1975 there were 132 million beef and dairy cattle in the United States, and we produced 24.9 billion pounds of beef. Fast forward to 2016, we had a beef and dairy cattle herd of 92 million and produced 25.3 billion pounds of beef. Fewer cattle required to produce beef translates into fewer methane emissions, less feed required and less manure generated per pound of beef produced. Doing more with less has decreased US beef's emission intensity by 29 percent and total carbon emissions by 30 percent since 1975, according to calculations using the UN FAO's FAOSTAT database. Put another way, we've avoided about 2.3 gigatons of CO2 equivalent emissions since 1975 because of efficiency improvements in US beef production, Figure 1.
Figure 1. Trends in total greenhouse gas emissions from beef and dairy cattle in the United States from 1975 to 2016, blue, and calculated total cattle emissions if the emissions intensity of beef remained the same from 1975 to 2016, orange. The cumulative difference between the two scenarios is 2.3 gigatons of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions. Emissions include enteric fermentation methane and methane and nitrous oxide emissions from cattle manure sources, as reported in the UN FAO's FAOSTAT database.
While substantial improvements have been made by the people that raise beef, great opportunities to further reduce beef's emissions remain. Approaches include targeting methane production in the cattle's digestive system directly with innovative feed additives, using genetic selection techniques to breed for animals or even microbiomes that require less feed for each pound of beef produced, and improving grazing management techniques to enhance carbon sequestration particularly on land that has been degraded, suffered from erosion and decreasing organic matter content.
The men and women that make up the US beef community are serious about their shared responsibility to cut greenhouse gas emissions and do more with less overall. Enhancing productivity will be a key way to achieve further reductions in the United States and holds great promise for global beef production as well.
Internal links within this document are funded and maintained by the Beef Checkoff. All other outgoing links are to websites maintained by third parties.


Raising cattle can be a great deal of work. The breed, class, and type of cattle vary and each type of cattle requires different types of management. While beef cattle are generally raised to live with minimal management and to raise calves that are almost always sold for beef, dairy cows are raised almost exclusively for milk.

Whether you raise cattle as a hobby, run a sophisticated cattle operation, or are merely curious about animals in general, what follows are some fun facts about cattle you may or may not know! So sit back and soak up some of the more fascinating facts about cattle!

Instead of lapping up water, cattle use a sucking action to drink.

Many people believe that cows are curious, hold grudges, and even babysit for one another!
Cattle are considered sacred in a number of world religions.

The heaviest bull was an Italian breed, Chianina, weighing in at almost four thousand pounds.

Almost eight hours of a cow's day is spent chewing their cud, six hours are spent eating, and four hours are spent sleeping.

A cow will walk for miles to locate her missing calf.

With more than 800 breeds of cattle, this list is just the beginning!

Cows are my passion. What I have ever sighed for has been to retreat to a Swiss farm, and live entirely surrounded by cows,  and china.Charles Dickens

Domestic cows are descendants of wild oxen, known as aurochs, Bos primigenius, which had originated in India and were first domesticated in Mesopotamia, years earlier. These oxen were bigger and more aggressive than the placid grass-munching beasts we are used to today. They even terrified Julius Caesar, Their strength and speed are extraordinary, they spare neither man nor wild beast.

Although sheep, goats and pigs were already being raised for meat, the domestication of oxen was a turning point, the moment farming became a business. Keeping cows was about more than feeding your immediate family, it created a surplus of meat and dairy produce which could be traded. The word cattle is cognate with chattels, it originally meant property,  cows were an indicator of wealth. As a potential candidate for domestication, B. primigenius ticked all the boxes. It was large, ate grass, and tasted delicious. And,  although bulls are fierce,  the herd has such a strong hierarchy that most of the animals are used to being docile and obedient. Cows quickly became our most reliable machines, converting rough grass into high-protein food and drink.

A day in the life

An average dairy cow will ingest 250lb grass, that's the weight of a front-row rugby forward, add 200 pints of saliva and then double chew and digest it in her 400-pint-capacity, four-chambered bacterial fermentation chamber, also known as a stomach. The output, 50 pints of milk and 600 pints of methane, mostly burped rather than emitted rearwards.

Wind

Whichever end it comes from, cow wind is responsible for four per cent of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions and a third of the UK's. Livestock farming overall creates 18 per cent of all man-made gases, more than all the cars and other forms of transport on Earth. Cows create one pound of methane for every two pounds of meat they yield. Work is under way to produce a methane-reducing pill, called a bolus, which would dissolve inside the cow over several months. Even so, to make one pound of beef requires 1,300sq ft of land, six times as much as the equivalent weight in eggs and 40 times what it takes to grow a pound of spuds.

Cow magnets

When cows graze, they occasionally eat small bits of barbed wire or other metallic objects. The metal irritates their insides and the result is called hardware disease. To treat this, a cow magnet has been invented, the animal is fed a plastic cylinder with a magnet inside. The cow-magnet falls to the bottom of a cow's stomach and attracts any metal the cow swallows, which stops the metal from lodging in places where it may cause inflammation.

Cow formation

In 2008, Dr Sabine Begall, from the University of Duisburg-Essen, Germany, decided to see if cows had similar magnetic senses to birds, salmon and bats. Dr Begall and her colleagues studied Google Earth images of 8,510 cows and found that the animals tended to face either north or south,  a fact that appears to have eluded mankind for thousands of years. No one knows why this is the case, but many biologists believe that it shows the near-ubiquity of a magnetic sense in nature.

Cow friends

Cows have best friends and become stressed if they are separated, according to Krista McLennan at Northampton University. She measured the heart rates and cortisol levels of cows to see how they cope when isolated. Cattle were penned for 30 minutes on their own, with their best friend or with another cow they did not know, and their heart rates measured at 15-second intervals. The research showed cows are very social animals and form close bonds with friends in their herd. Ms McLennan thinks her findings could help improve milk yields.

Also, if you name a cow and treat her as an individual, she will produce more milk,  almost 500 pints a year more.

Cowboys

The Hungarian word goulash actually means cowboy, the traditional dish is gulyásleves or cowboy's soup. The Hungarian word for the stew that everybody outside Hungary refers to as goulash is pörkölt or paprikás.
