DeuS Brut des Flanders is a Belgian Golden Strong Ale, BJCP Style 25C. This beer's aroma is a mixture of ethanol, lavender, fruity, peppery, and sweet.  It pours a very clear, golden color with effervescent carbonation.
Judged by the alcohol content as a British Strong Ale (Style 17A), it settled in as a tawny brown ale with an off-beige head, with some lacing and legs.  Aromas noted included intense toffee, dark fruit, and roasted apples.  In the background,.
Grisette Blance Bio is a Witbier, BJCP Category 24A.  It pours hazy and deep gold in color, with solid white head.  Coriander, orange peel, and citrus fruit are the noticeable aromas and together create a lightly sweet smelling character. 
Cuvee de Jacobins Prestige is a Flanders Red Ale, BJCP Category 23B.  Flanders Red Ales are always a treat; most examples have a flavor and aroma complexity not found in other beer styles.
This beer is in category 28C, Wild Specialty beer. It fits the bill perfectly; it’s sour, funky, contains fruit, and was aged in barrels. If you look up the category description, this is exactly where this beer belongs.
Judged as 2015 BJCP 2A International Pale Lager.  This was a very refreshing beer. It poured with a lovely white foamy head and was quite thirst quenching with a nice clean grainy aroma and flavor with just a hint of low Apple esters.
Judged as a 2015 BJCP 6C Dunkles Bock This is a wonderful beer with a lively toasty malt aroma and flavor. There was no hop aroma or flavor and just enough hop bitterness to keep the malt from being too sweet.  A clean beer with great body and a.
Berserker, from Midnight Sun Brewing Company, is being evaluated as a Specialty Wood Aged Beer (Category 33B) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
Tundra Wookie, from Midnight Sun Brewing Company, is being evaluated as a Fruit Beer (Category 29A) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
Rider, from Midnight Sun Brewing Company, is being evaluated as a Wild Specialty Beer (Category 28C) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
While many interpretations of American IPA are a showcase for citrus and juicy hop loads, this beer features a more pine-based resiny hop bitterness and flavor.  In the aroma, there are multiple layers of resin, supported by bright, toasted bread.
Reviewed under the 2015 Beer Judge Certification Program style guidelines under category 22A Double India Pale Ale.
This beer was judged as BJCP category 21.A (American IPA) and served at 45 degrees F.
Trooper Hallowed is a Belgian Pale Ale (2015 BJCP Category 24B).  This style is typically a moderately malty and estery beer with a less aggressive yeast profile compared to many other Belgian ale styles.  This is the fourth offering from.
Munich Dunkel (8A). The beer pours a deep red brown with a thin off-white head. There is a faint haze to the beer, but overall fairly attractive. The initial aroma is toasty and bread-like with a faint cocoa note.
German Pils (5D). This Pilsner pours very hazy and pale gold with a sticky white head that lasts. The clarity is definitely an issue and it appears to have fine particulate in suspension. The nose is very fresh and quite herbal, somewhat spicy.
International Amber Lager (2b). This Amber Lager is poured into the glass with a deep, richly hued amber-gold color, almost honey like. It's faintly hazy with a creamy off-white head. The nose presents witha  prominent spicy hopping with some.
Lord Hobo’s Boom Sauce is a New England Style IPA, which falls under the BJCP American IPA style 21A.
21st Amendment Tasty IPA is an American IPA, and was evaluated as an American IPA (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 21A) according to BJCP guidelines.  For this style, one anticipates prominent New World hop aroma.
Evaluated as a BJCP2015 style Fruit And Spice beer (29B).  Pours an almost clear very light yellowish gold with a big poofy white head of small bubbles that slowly fades to a quarter inch layer, leaving some Belgian lace on the glass.
Beaver's Milk Nitro by Belching Beaver Brewery was evaluated as a Sweet Stout (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program Category 16A) according to the BJCP guidelines.
This beer was judged as a Specialty Beer (30A) due to the addition of vanilla and orange. The base style was a cream ale. There is not doubt that orange and creaminess would fail to describe the aroma in this beer..
This was judged as a Spice, Herb, or Vegetable Beer (30A) due to the use of coffee. The base style is a Russian Imperial Stout. A robust coffee aroma leaps out of the glass..
La Trappe Tripel is being evaluated as a Belgian Tripel (2015 BJCP category 26C) offering according to the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.  La Trappe.
St-Feuillien Saison is being evaluated as a Saison (2015 BJCP Cetegory 25B) offering according to the BJCP Style Guidelines.  This style is typically well carbonated, well attenuated with a complex harmony between phenolics, esters, and hops. .
Éphémère Sureau is a fruited white ale; it is being evaluated against Category 29: Fruit and Vegetable Beer. For this style, I look for the fruit addition to be prominently featured, and to be balanced with a well-executed base beer. 
Hookiebobb IPA by Crazy Mountain is an IPA and is being evaluated as an American IPA (2015 BJCP Category 21A) offering according to the BJCP guidelines. For this style expect bold, assertive and aggressive American hops with substantial.
Local's Stash: Raspberry Belgian Style Quad by Crazy Mountain Brewing Company is a Quadruple Ale and is being evaluated as a Belgian Dark Strong Ale (2015 BJCP Category 26D) offering according to the BJCP guidelines.
Blue Point's Prop Stopper Seaweed IPA (judged under BJCP Category 30A, Spice/Herb/Vegetable Beer) is a good IPA dressed up as a specialty beer!  I don't know that the seaweed added anything of particular note, but there's a really solid IPA in.
Blue Point's Beach Plum Gose (judged as a category 29B, Fruit & Spice Beer, in the 2015 BJCP Guidelines) is an interesting and surprisingly approachable version of a challenging style, with solid basics and interesting flavors!
Hazy Bastard from Blue Point (evaluated under BJCP Category 21B, Specialty IPA - specifically as a New England IPA) is, per the brewery, a double-dry-hopped "juicy" IPA that seems to be lacking the bright, fruity hops character that we've come to.
Switchback’s Connector IPA is being judged as an American IPA (2015 BJCP Category 21A). The commercial definition of this style has been widely interpreted but consistently is a showcase for New World/American hop varieties.
Switchback’s Citra-Pils Kellerbier is being judged as a Pale Kellerbier (2015 BJCP Category 7C) despite its use of Citra hops in a German lager. 
Switchback’s Switchback Ale IPA is being judged as a Best Bitter (2015 BJCP Category 11B).  However, according to the brewery it doesn’t fit any particular style as it was developed with a flavor profile and not a style in mind.
Lord Hobo’s Glorious is a 'New England Style' American Pale Ale, BJCP style 18B, that bursts from the can full of white grapefruit, pineapple, and a dank, woodsy, but pleasantly piney hop aroma. This juicy aromatic presentation is mostly hops.
Evaluated as a BJCP2015 Style 29A (Fruit Beer), with the underlying style of 'Black Ale' for which BJCP2015 doesn't have a category, but it sounds like American Black Ale (Style 72 in the GABF2017 guidelines).
Alaskan Amber from Alaskan Brewing is being evaluated as an Altbier (Category 7B) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
Husky IPA from Alaskan Brewing is being evaluated as an American IPA (Category 21A) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
The good brewers at De Koningshoeven have taken their standard La Trappe Quadrupel, which they have brewed since 1991, and have produced special limited edition oak aged versions since 2009.  Each year uses different sources of barrels which are.
Trooper by Robinson’s Family Brewers in the UK is a somewhat non-descript rendition of the Extra Special Bitter (ESB) style.  While there is not much that makes it stand out from its competition, this offering is quite clean and approachable,.
Elgoods Coolship Sour Mango Ale is very straightforward in that it delivers what is on the label.  It is sour, and it has a Mango flavor, and it does these things quite well.  There is not a lot of complexity beyond this, but depth of flavor.
Stone Brewing's 21st Anniversary Hail to the Hop Thief is being evaluated as a Double IPA (Category 22A) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
Fruitallica, a collaboration by Stone Brewing, Beavertown Brewery and Garage Project, is being evaluated as a Fruit & Spice Beer (Category 29B) from the 2015 BJCP.
Reviver by Starr Hill Brewery is being evaluated as a Specialty IPA: Red IPA (Category 21B) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines. 
Festie by Starr Hill Brewery is being evaluated as a Festbier (Category 4B) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines.
Last Leaf Maple Brown Ale by Starr Hill Brewery is being evaluated as an Alternative Sugar Beer (Category 31B) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines.
Evaluated as BJCP2015 style 30A (Spice/Herb/Vegetable beer, specifically including nuts), with a base style of 20C (Imperial Stout).  Pours a very deep dark mahogany with ruby red highlights, and a large tan head of tiny bubbles (almost looks.
Evaluated as BJCP2015 style 21A (American IPA).  Pours a clear deep gold with a moderate size ivory head of small and medium bubbles.  The head dissipates fairly quickly fading to a thin layer of bubbles atop the beer.  Bubbles continue to rise.
Evaluated as BJCP2015 style 31A (Spice/Herb/Vegetable beer) with the base style of 1C (Cream Ale).  Pours a clear burnished deep gold with a medium size white head of small bubbles that quickly fades to a ring.
Better Life Choices IPA by Atwater Brewery is a great example of a well-crafted IPA that clearly bucks the trend against the typical “hop smackdown” IPA offerings.  This is a very flavorful IPA that still delivers great balance and drinkability,.
This beer was evaluated as BJCP 2015 style 30 (Spiced Beer - BJCP treats chili peppers as a spice, not a fruit), with the underlying style of 21A (American IPA). A large white head, sitting on top of an almost clear medium gold beer, has small.
Evaluated as BJCP 2015 style 29A (Fruit Beer) with the base style of 1C (Cream Ale). Pours a very clear deep gold with a large poofy ivory colored head that persists for a long time. A very light blueberry aroma to start with light bread dough,.
Evaluated as a BCJP 2015 style 29A (Fruit Beer) with the underlying style of 10A (Weissbier). Pours a cloudy light gold with a slight pinkish tint, and with a large light cream colored head that stays around for a long time and leaves small rings.
LIFT (judged under BJCP category 5B, Kolsch) is an inoffensive and unremarkable beer, which may be exactly what the brewers intended.
PscHOPathy (judged as BJCP Category 21A, American IPA) from Mad Tree is a solid but unremarkable member of an ever-expanding universe of American IPAs.
This is an Imperial IPA and the closest category that I can find to place this in is the Double IPA (#22A). This would have more hops (bittering) and more alcohol than a Double IPA and should not be imbibed lightly. This is a big beer in all.
The American IPA BJCP category 21A  poured a very light straw color,  almost a blonde in some respects. Very good clarity and a light carbonation ringed the side of the glass. The aroma of this beer had hints of pineapple, pine and very little.
This Blonde Ale (BJCP #18A) poured a nice light straw color very little carbonation. The aroma was lightly hopped and the no malt detected. The flavor was light, as expected for this style.
This beer was given to me as a BJCP category 28 C., Barrel Aged American Sour Ale on raspberries and cranberries.
This is another category 28C, Specialty Wild Beer. The reason this category is chosen is because of the use of souring bugs, barrel aged, and fruit added. It's a good candidate for that category.
Mango IPA -- Judged as BJCP category 29 A, Fruit Beer.
This evaluation was predicated on the Beer Judge Certification Program style guidelines of 2015 category 26C Belgian Tripel.
Beer judged as BJCP category 21A, American IPA. Served at 45 degrees F.
Crunch by Manayunk Brewing Company is being evaluated as an American Porter (Category 20A) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines. 
Four Seasons of Mother Earth Summer by Mother Earth Brewing Company is being evaluated as a Specialty Wood Aged Beer (Category 33B) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
Four Seasons of Mother Earth Winter Ale by Mother Earth Brewing Company is being evaluated as a Specialty Wood Aged Beer (Category 33B) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
This Spring Collaboration Ale by Mother Earth Brewing & The Bruery is being evaluated as a Fruit Beer (Category 29A) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
"Extra Pale Ale" judged as BJCP 18B American Pale Ale.
My lovely assistant (my wife, amazing she puts up with me) presents a full classic nonic pint glass and boldly states "Extra Pale Ale".
I will be judging this beer as category 28C in the BJCP guidelines, Wild Specialty Beer. The beer was described to me as an oak barrel aged blend of a soured one, two, and three year old batch of a blonde ale.
I'm going to judge this beer as category 28C, Wild Specialty Beer. The reason is this beer is supposed to be a barrel-aged sour ale with persimmons, peach, and pineapple.
Reviewed as a 22A Double IPA as per the style guidelines established by the Beer Judge Certification Program. (2015 edition)
Triporteur Wild & Funky by B.O.M.
Pfungstadter Weizen Radler is a canned radler and is being evaluated as a Fruit Beer (2015 BJCP Category 29A) according to the BJCP guidelines. But, the BJCP guidelines do not specifically include radler as a style and none of the BJCP categories.
Red Hook Big Ballard Imperial IPA is an Imperial IPA, and was evaluated as a Double IPA (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 22A) according to BJCP guidelines. For this style, one anticipates prominent hop aroma and flavor,.
Bear Republic APEX Special IPA is a Double IPA, and was evaluated as a Double IPA (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 22A) according to BJCP guidelines.  For this style, one anticipates prominent hop aroma and flavor, smooth.
Red Hook Bicoastal IPA is an American IPA, and was evaluated as an American IPA (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 21A) according to BJCP guidelines. For this style, one anticipates prominent New World hop aroma and flavor.
This beer was judged as an American Pale Ale – BJCP category 18B from the 2015 guidelines and is a beautiful light copper color with a huge, thick white head and fine bubbles. It initially showed a huge citrus, lemon and pine hop and grainy pale.
Upland Petal to the Kettle Ale is a slightly sour ale with hibiscus, rose, and strawberry additions; it is being evaluated against category 29B: Fruit and Spice Beer (the fruit is the strawberry; the spice is the flower components).
Safety Dance Pilsner by Smartmouth Brewing is definitely a Pale Bitter European Lager (2015 BJCP Category 5), but may fit better as a German Helles Exportbier/Dortmunder (5C) than the German Pils (5D) its labeled as.
An easy drinking hazy wheat fruit beer – (BJCP 2015 style guidelines category 20A - Fruit Beer).
This is a beautiful pale golden lager (Judged as BJCP Category 5D - German Pils) but was reminiscent of a Czech pilsner but hoppier with a more American twist. It has a huge thick frothy white head that lasted quite some time. The aroma showcased.
This beer was appraised as an 8A Schwarzbier following the guidelines established by the Beer Judge Certification Program in 2015.
Upland Persimmon is an interesting attempt at using a rather obscure fruit in an American Sour application, though it is an offering that might improve with age. The sample was evaluated as a 28C Wild Specialty Beer (according to the 2015 BJCP.
Upland Pawpaw is a delicious well crafted American Sour that has the potential to improve with age, though is fantastic as is. The sample was evaluated as a 28C Wild Specialty Beer (according to the 2015 BJCP guidelines), and was bottled on.
This beer is being evaluated as a BJCP Category 18B, Pale Ale. I'm informed that tonight's beer is an American Pale Ale. Sweet. When I started brewing back in the bronze age, this was one of the three beer styles I really tried try to hone in on.
This beer is being evaluated as a Fruit Beer (BJCP category 29A) with India Pale Ale as the base style. Freshly squeezed grapefruit juice is dominant in the aroma in a delightful way.
This beer is being evaluated as a Specialty Wood Aged Beer (BJCP category 33B) as a bourbon barrel-aged Imperial Porter. Rich American oak laced with bourbon is intense within the aroma – almost as if you stuck your nose inside a freshly dumped.
This beer is being evaluated as a Spice/Herb/Vegetable (BJCP category 30A) porter featuring coffee. The aroma is all malt featuring nuttiness and brownie batter chocolate notes. This beer presents a very inviting aroma overall, reminiscent of.
This beer is being evaluated in the Spice/Herb/Vegetable category from the BJCP guidelines (Category 30A) featuring datil peppers and chocolate in an Imperial Porter. The aroma is somewhat subdued overall but notes of chocolate, hazelnut, and.
This evaluation was made from a 12-ounce bottle subsequently poured into a 16-ounce pilsner glass and under the auspices of the 2015 BJCP style guidelines as a 4A Munich Helles.
Stick your nose into a bowl of fresh tart cherries and imagine the pie they will become. Add some oak, a hint of funk and some cherry pie spice and that’s how this beer smells. A hazy pink effervescent circus fills the glass with a pink tinted.
This beer was reviewed as a BJCP 23C, Oud Bruin. It smells like someone poured a shot of expensive balsamic on figs and dates with a shake of black pepper and some anise. Faint chocolate, a hint of barnyard and medium low malt aromas lurk in the.
This beer was reviewed as a BJCP 28C, Wild Specialty Ale. This smells like a rich, moist, dark tart cherry cake with some figs and dates, spice, and a hint of wet horse blanket and oak. It is a lightly red tinted brown in the glass under a.
Wiseman Brewing’s Mountain Calling IPA is being judged as an American IPA (2015 BJCP Category 21A). The commercial definition of this style has been widely interpreted but consistently is a showcase for New World/American hop varieties.
Granite Falls’ TailyPo is being evaluated as a Specialty Wood-Aged Beer (2015 BJCP Category 33B) using a Belgian dark strong as the base style. Expectation for this style is wonderful marriage of beer, barrel, and spirits character.
Granite Falls’ Canis Rouge is being evaluated as a Sahti (2015 BJCP Category 27) with an addition of fruit.
Korova Milk Porter, and was evaluated as an Alternative Fermentables Beer: Alternative Grain Beer (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP)) Category 31A, offering according to BJCP guidelines. 
Oranges and an impression of sweet grapefruit are followed by a hint of pine resin and faint pineapple. Some spicy aspects also come through but I suspect they are from the hops rather than rye malt. The malt is nondescript but the source of the.
Catahoula Common is being evaluated as an American Lager (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 1B, although it could alternatively be categorized under the Historical Beer category as a pre-Prohibition lager (2015 BJCP Category.
The beer was judged as a BJCP category 23F  Lambic with fruit: fruit lambic with apricots.
Grateful Pale Ale by Starr Hill Brewery is an American Pale Ale (BJCP category 18B) that hits on all cylinders: this is an excellent beer that you can drink for days.
The Hook Grapefruit Session IPA by Starr Hill Brewery (BJCP Category 21B: Specialty IPA) shows promise, but seems to be showing some fragility in its flavor as oxidation takes a bit of a toll.
Sublime Citrus Wit by Starr Hill is a Belgian Witbier (BJCP category 24A) that touches on the core flavors of the classic Belgian style but doesn't venture too far from them.
This Full Sail Brewing Co. beer was judged as a Specialty Wood-Aged Beer (BJCP 33B).
This Full Sail Brewing Co. beer was judged as an American India Pale Ale (BJCP #21A).
This Full Sail Brewing Company beer was judged as a Fruit Beer (BJCP 29A).
This Full Sail Brewing Co. beer was judged as a Fruit Beer (BJCP 29A).
This Full Sail Brewing Company's beer was judged as International Pale Lager (BJCP 2A).
Upland Wheat Ale is being evaluated as a Belgian Witbier (BJCP 2015 category 24A). 
Summer Catch by Cape May Brewing is a Belgian Witbier (24A) with an American hop flair that pushes it into the BJCP 2015 category 21B (Specialty IPA – White IPA).
Local’s Stash Juniper Pale Ale by Crazy Mountain is brewed with grapefruit, juniper berries and lime and is being evaluated as a Spice, Herb, or Vegetable Beer (2015 BJCP Category 30A) offering according to the BJCP guidelines.
Local's Stash Rum Barrel Aged Dark Ale With Ginger And Lime by Crazy Mountain is being evaluated as a Specialty Wood-Aged Beer (2015 BJCP Category 33B) offering according to the BJCP guidelines.
Lawyers, Guns & Money by Crazy Mountain is a Barleywine and is being evaluated as an American Barleywine (2015 BJCP Category 22C) offering according to the BJCP guidelines.
Mocha IPA by Stone Brewing is being evaluated as a Specialty IPA (Category 21B) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
Ghost Hammer IPA by Stone Brewing is being evaluated as an American IPA (Category 21A) from the 2015 BJCP Style Guidelines.
Blonde Saison Brett by Holy City Brewing is a Saison brewed with brettanomyces yeast (brett) and lactobacillus and was judged as a Wild Specialty Beer (BJCP sub-style 28C).
Blackbeard’s Breakfast by Heavy Seas is a Bourbon Barrel Aged Porter brewed with coffee and was judged as a Specialty Wood-Aged Beer (BJCP sub-style 33B). It poured very dark brown (opaque) into the glass, sporting a thick creamy tan head with.
Strawberry Beards Forever by Holy City Brewing is a strawberry-infused Berliner Weisse and was judged as a Fruit Beer (BJCP sub-style 29A). It poured pink and cloudy into the glass, with a fizzy white head with modest retention.
Luau Krunkles by Terrapin Beer Company is being evaluated as a Fruit Beer (Category 29A) with a base style of an American IPA (Category 21A) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines.
Sound Czech by Terrapin Beer Company is being evaluated as a Czech Premium Pale Lager (Category 3B) from the 2015 BJCPguidelines.
RecreationAle by Terrapin Beer Company is being evaluated as a Mixed-Style Beer (Category 34B) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines as it combines traditional American IPA qualities (Category 21A) with a session strength 4.7% ABV noted in Specialty IPA.
The Topsail by Cape May Brewing Company is being evaluated as a Mixed-Fermentation Sour Beer (Category 28B) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines. 
Doin' Thyme by Birdsong Brewing is being evaluated as a Spice, Herb or Vegetable Beer (Category 30A) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines. 
Paradise City by Birdsong Brewing is being evaluated as an American Pale Ale (Category 18B) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines. 
Evaluated as a BJCP 2015 29A Fruit Beer (Strawberry declared) with the underlying style of a somewhat hybrid 'imperial' 10A Weissbier (being declared as a Doppelweizen or Double Hefeweizen). Pours with a large ivory colored head of small and.
Evaluated as BJCP 2015 Style 29B (Fruit and Spice Beer) with Strawberry and Ginger, with the base style of 18A, American Blonde Ale.  Pours an almost clear gold with a large white poofy head of small bubbles that hangs around and leaves Belgian.
29A – Fruit Beer
29C – Specialty Fruit Beer
C. & A. Veltins Grevensteiner Original is a throwback to the brewery's origins and it was evaluated as a BJCP category 7E, Amber Kellerbier. The aroma of this beer is a rich with nutty, toasty, sweet malt notes up front and a very low level.
St-Feuillien Blonde Ale was evaluated as a BJCP category 25A, Belgian Blond Ale.  The aroma is full of grainy, sweet pils malt notes that blend with the mild clove accented spicy hops, and include a touch of green apple fruitiness.
This beer is billed as a Red X IPA. Therefore I’m going to evaluate this against the Red IPA category in the BJCP guidelines category 21b. Red X is typically a base malt that is known do give a beer deep red hues and a nice toasty flavor.
This beer is going to be judged in the fruit beer category because it’s and example a classic style (21A) with fruit added. This beer would not be considered specialty IPA (21B) because  that category is reserved for variations of the IPA style (.
Veltins Pilsener was evaluated as a BJCP category 5D, German Pilsner. The aroma features a moderate level of pils malt and floral, peppery hops, with a background of breadcrumbs and crackers, and a touch of green apple.
Creating an American IPA, BJCP (21A) is easy in some ways (straightforward ingredients, fermentation process, lots of latitude for interpretation) and difficult in other ways (making it unique, well-balanced and memorable).
The beer pours a light orange color with a faint haze. The cream colored head is foamy and has excellent retention. It sticks around for a long time. The aroma is loaded with a strong hop aroma of mango and citrus hops and is backed up by bready.
Catskill’s Eye of Newt is being evaluated as a Flanders Red (2015 BJCP Category 23B).  One of the difficulties in this style is displacing the sour, acetic acid character without dominating the other attributes in the beer.
Indecision Pale Ale by Smartmouth Brewing Co. is an American Pale Ale and was judged as one (BJCP sub-style 18B). It poured slightly cloudy and gold into the glass sporting a thick white head with modest retention.
Sommer Fling by Smartmouth Brewing Company is a hefeweizen judged as a weissbeer (BJCP sub-style 10A). It poured a pale straw color into the glass where it set up distinctly cloudy with a thick white head that dissipated quickly.
IV Chocolate Porter by Smartmouth Brewing Company is a Chocolate Porter and was judged as an American Porter (BJCP sub-style 20A). It poured very dark brown (opaque) into the glass, sporting a sparse white head with little retention.
Put your overalls on, Catskill’s Freak Tractor, a “wild ale” is being evaluated as a Brett beer (2015 BJCP Category 28A) due to the nature of the flavors and aromas present without a lot of the characteristic funk that can come from a truly wild.
Catskill’s Ball Lightning Pilsner is being evaluated as a German pilsner (2015 BJCP Category 5D) although different sources of information put it somewhere in limbo land between German and Czech variants.
Préaris Grand Cru 2015 is a spiced Cognac barrel-aged Belgian Dark Strong Ale, and was evaluated as a Mixed-Style Beer (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 34B) offering according to BJCP guidelines.  For this style, the main.
Pfungstadter Schwarzbier is a Schwarzbier, and was evaluated as a Schwarzbier (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 8B) offering according to BJCP guidelines.  For this style, the main characteristics should be smooth roasted.
Pfungstadter Hell is a Helles, and was evaluated as a Munich Helles (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 4A) offering according to BJCP guidelines. For this style, the main characteristic is balanced malt with restrained.
Hoptronix by New Holland is being evaluated as a Double IPA (Category 22A) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines.
This beer was reviewed as a Wood-aged Imperial Stout (Category 33A with 20C as declared base style) under the 2015 BJCP guidelines. A big and brash base beer aged in wood is the expectation, and it is certainly met!
Culture Two by Fulton is labeled as a Golden Ale aged in oak barrel. It was evaluated as being a 28C Wild Specialty Beer in the 2015 BJCP Guidelines. As such, there should be a marriage of flavors from the wild fermentation as well as from the.
Insurrection by Fulton is being evaluated as a Double IPA (Category 22A) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines. Having just judged this category in the Chicago region of the 2017 AHA 1st round Nationals the previous weekend, I felt that my.
Standard Lager by Fulton is being evaluated as an International Amber Lager (Category 2B) from the 2015 BJCP guidelines. As such, it is expected to be a relatively simple mild beer with a touch of interesting caramel malt character. This beer.
Upland Brewing’s Campside Session IPA is being evaluated as a session strength American IPA (2015 BJCP Category 21A) from the BJCP guidelines. The aroma of this beer is inviting with notes of cantaloupe, apricot, and a touch of pine.
Marion the Agrarian by Upland Brewing Company is a dry-hopped farmhouse ale which is being evaluated as a Saison (2015 BJCP Category 25B) from the BJCP guidelines. This saison features a fruit heavy nose – banana esters give way to notes of.
Cursed Kettles by Upland Brewing Company (and Prairie Artisan Ales as a collaborating brewery) is a barrel-aged fruited sour ale which is being evaluated as a Wild Specialty Beer (2015 BJCP Category 28C) from the BJCP guidelines.
Its billowy white head held firm in my snifter as its tawny gold undercurrent frothily bubbled. Those bubbles released notes of freshly grated lemon zest, crackers, and pink grapefruit. A soft malt character was supported by a very smooth and.
With its smooth finish and focused chocolate profile (Style guideline 30A – Spiced Beer), this beer drinks like a sweet, dark cocoa cinnamon bun. It flowed from the bottle thick and dark, with a quickly subsiding head that got me to imbibing.
The muddled orange fizziness of the IPA (Style guideline 21A –American IPA) settled in my glass. It was topped with a spectacularly white head, which held firm as I readied my notebook. While it sat, firm aromas of navel orange, papaya,.
I am told Mexican Lager and I think “oh no, another fizzy yellow beer” and am tempted to slam it down faster than a frat boy on spring break.
The beer is brilliant gold and effervescent – clear enough to read a newspaper through. Despite its mild-mannered appearance, it is packed with flavor starting with fruit, light rye, light sweet berry and then an assertive yet very pleasant.
You are really drinking this for the raspberries because they are done so well. A classic Flanders Oud Bruin would need more malt character but here the Flanders Oud Bruin base keeps the beer from being a cloying alcho-pop.
A saison-base beer with a plethora of aromatic features: dank hops, pungent spice, grapefruit rind and citrus oil, and a touch of malt sugars (a menagerie, yes, but not at all off-putting). The color is a tannish straw with moderate haze.
This gose has detectable sourness that is complimented by grapefruit rind and leather aromas. Its color is slightly tan with moderate haziness, and no head is present.
Toasty malts, just a hint of caramel, and a little bit of background sulfur are in the aroma of this beer. There are no fruit or ale-like aromas; instead it is clean and lager-like in its yeast expression, as desired for this style.
Old Town Honey Wheat was evaluated as a Standard American Beer (BJCP 2015 Style 1D, American Wheat Beer).  Initial whiffs of tart sourness are a bit of a surprise, but the beer is a clear deep gold with a large white head of small bubbles - the.
Poolside Blonde was evaluated as a Pale American Ale (BJCP 2015 Style 18A, Blonde Ale).  Pours a beautiful brilliant yellowish gold with a medium head of small and medium size bubbles that fades fairly quickly.
There and Back Again by Equilibrium Brewery is an American Wild Specialty Beer, and is being evaluated as such (BJCP 2015 Category 28C). It falls under the specialty subcategory of the American Wild Ale category due to the use of fruit (Apricot.
MC2 by Equilibrium Brewery is a DIPA, but is very much in the NEIPA style, so it is better suited to BJCP 2015 category 21B (Specialty IPA), versus the typical double IPA style (BJCP 2015 Category 22A). As such, this beer should be all about the.
Casey Farmhouse Ale by Equilibrium Brewery is an American Wild Ale (BJCP 2015 Category 28B). When one talks about a farmhouse ale, they typically mean a saison.
Bourbon Barrel Aged Koffi Porter was evaluated as a Wood Aged Beer (BJCP 2015 Style 33B, Specialty Wood Aged Beer) with the underlying style as Spice/Herb/Vegetable (BJCP 2015 Style 30A, because of the coffee), and the base beer closest to a.
Coffee King of Hop is an Imperial IPA with coffee, and was evaluated as a Spice, Herb or Vegetable Beer (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 30A) offering according to BJCP.
Starr Hill Brewing’s Mango Habanero King of Hop is an Imperial IPA with Mango and Habanero, and was evaluated as a Fruit and Spice Beer (2015 Beer Judge.
Orange King of Hop is an Imperial IPA with Oranges, and was evaluated as a Fruit Beer (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 29A) offering according.
After pouring, the beer is beauty to behold.  Bright orange/gold in color with a massive off-white head with great retention.  Aroma of pineapple, lemon-lime, and Saison like with pear notes and clove.  An initial caramel malt-forward flavor with.
This Pale Ale pours Orange/Gold in color with a very slight haze. The head is ivory in color with medium head retention.  The aroma is somewhat muted with notes of fresh cut grass and grapefruit pith.  An aroma of sweet honey malt follows.  The.
Mystery Ship is a red ale brewed with Brettanomyces yeast (Brett) and dry-hopped. As such, by definition it has both distinctive sour and “funky,” and intensely hoppy, aromas and flavors. It poured brownish-red and hazy into the glass, sporting a.
Roxanne by Southbound Brewing Co. is an American sour ale brewed with “tart” (presumably sour) cherries and aged in oak barrels.
Judge’s Review: Desert Dawn by Southbound Brewing Co. is a Belgian Style Saison Ale brewed with elderberries and was judged as a Specialty Fruit Beer  (BJCP sub-style 29C).
Poured from what appeared to be an eight-ounce bottle into a nine-ounce snifter and subsequently reviewed as per BJCP 2015 style guidelines under catagory 23B European Sour Ale , Flanders Red Ale.
Judged as BJCP category 33.  Wood Aged Russian Imperial Stout.
Poured into a tulip snifter, the beer appears black-opaque, with a light brown moussy foam that is beautiful while it lasts  -- about three minutes. Such is the ephemeral.
Judges as BJCP cat. 24C Biere de Garde ( Amber)
Judged as BJCP category 20A American Porter.
Okay, here is an unusual one: a Sour IPA (whiskey barrrel aged). The best category for this beer is as a " Mixed Style." The pour featured a nice light brown hue that was cloudy and had a light carbonation and head retention that faded quickly..
Definition (Braggot) : An ancient medieval drink comprised of mead made with honey and barley malt. It typically uses 1/3 malted barley, but can have as much as 1/2. Can have hop bitterness in the recipe.
This is a barrel-aged quad (Belgian Dark Strong Ale) with an ABV of 12.1%. The aroma of this beer was wonderful with hints of dark fruit, raisins and a slight malt sweetness. Negligible in hop aroma, but that is okay and reflects the style.
Blood Orange Imperial Ale is being evaluated as a Fruit Beer (2015 BJCP Category 29A). Alcohol and malt sweetness, possibly combining with yeast esters, produce a cherry and mild bubblegum aroma in this blood orange infused imperial-strength.
Blueberry Oatmeal Stout is being evaluated as a Fruit Beer (2015 BJCP Category 29A). A mix of blueberry fruit and a back note of roast grains dominates the aroma.
Orange Blossom Cream Ale is being evaluated as a Specialty Fruit Beer (2015 BJCP Category 29C). There is no doubting that orange rind was involved in the production of this cream ale based beer.
Poured from a 12-ounce bottle and reviewed from a pint glass as a 22A Double IPA in accordance with 2015  BJCP style guidlines.
I have evaluated the below described beer after a pour from a 12 ounce bottle into a .4L Pilsner glass. Since there are no recognized style guidelines for IPL's the following review is based on known parameters for lagers and how the ingredients.
Ee Tah! IPA is a Double IPA, and was evaluated as a Double IPA (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 22A) offering according to BJCP guidelines.
Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout is an Oatmeal Stout, and was evaluated as an oatmeal stout (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 16B) offering according to BJCP guidelines. For this style, characteristics of complimentary roast, malt.
Anderson Valley Wild Turkey Bourbon Barrel Stout is a Bourbon Barrel Stout, and was evaluated as a specialty wood-aged beer (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 33B) offering according to BJCP guidelines. For this style, one.
If you are a craft beer lover in today’s market, you are very familiar with this style. We are going to evaluate this beer against category 21A, American IPA. If you are not familiar with this style, it should be a decidedly hoppy and bitter,.
This Silver City Ale is billed as a kettle-soured pale wheat beer. So what we are going to do is judge this beer against category 28B, Mixed-Fermentation Sour Beer. This category basically looks for a sour and/or funky version of a base style.
Alan Pugsley has built a well-deserved reputation as one of America’s premier producers of British-style ales. Shipyard Export Ale stays true to Pugsley’s vision and has built a substantial following throughout New England.
A respectable venture into the classic Irish Red Ale style, Thomas Creek’s version shines with an attractive red/orange color and a moderate ivory head. Excellent clarity also shows through.
In the interest of full disclosure, this was a sample from my cellar that had roughly two years of age on it, in addition to the three-plus years it already matured prior to shipping. Still, this is truly a world-class beer, irrespective of its.
Though it is unclear precisely when Weihenstephan began producing weissbiers, beer has been made at their site for close to a millennium – at least as far back as 1040.
For more than a century and a half, Brasserie Dupont has produced what is surely the benchmark by which all farmhouse ales are measured – Saison Dupont.
Hofbräuhaus, in Munich, is truly a “must see” spot for beer lovers, and their beers are rightfully legendary. Hofbräu Hefe Weizen is an elegant interpretation of this classic style, displaying all the trademark aromas and flavors of banana,.
A classic example of what some consider the oldest existing beer in the world, gueuze, Cuvée René is a traditional blend of young and old lambics produced in Belgium’s Senne River Valley.
An effervescent, refreshing example of the rather ubiquitous American wheat beer style, Bell’s Oberon deftly balances hop, malt and yeast characters in a highly quaffable brew. It pours a pale, cloudy straw color topped by a creamy, meringue-like.
Tucked away just off the Maine Turnpike in the seaport of Portland, Allagash Brewing has been turning out superb beers since 1995, and Allagash White – the brewery’s original brand and still its flagship – is no exception.
The good folks at Sly Fox, nestled quietly in the western Philadelphia suburbs, have been brewing quality beers for close to 15 years, and they have developed a large, seriously loyal fan base.
With his Double White Ale, Southampton Publick House’s brewmaster, Phil Markowski, has taken a sublimely American turn on this classic style.
A pristine, delicately balanced pale lager, Stoudt’s Gold is eminently drinkable, brimming with floral hops and sweet, bready malt. The judges offered unanimous praise for this beer’s beautiful golden color, brilliant clarity and thick, long-.
Kentucky’s popular Altbier, modeled after the North German Altbier style, boasts a grain bill featuring Munich, wheat, caramel and chocolate malts.
Redolent of American hops, Hop Head Red is aptly named, with a monster aromatic assault of satsuma, pine needles, grapefruit and gooseberries. Deep copper, verging on brown, this brew throws the barest hint of a haze and is topped by a dense, off.
You will never look at canned beer the same way after you experience Mama’s Little Yella Pils. A deep, saturated golden beer that throws a substantial creamy white head. The noticeable haze is more appropriate to a Keller Pils but doesn’t mar the.
Atlanta Brewing’s Red Brick Blonde scored a gold medal in the “golden or blonde ale” category at the 2007 Great American Beer Festival, and our tasting panel also found it an exceptionally drinkable yet flavorful illustration of the style.
With Tire Bite Golden Ale, Flying Dog shows why they are a powerhouse, perennially award-winning brewery. Exceptionally well-crafted, this brew is crisp, refreshing and reminiscent of the fruitier examples of the classic Kölschbiers.
A seductively malty brew, this is one that should be approached with due respect for its well-camouflaged strength. Pours a rich, honeyed gold with a small yet creamy white head. The low head and substantial legs clinging to the glass portend.
A toasty, malt-accented interpretation of the style brewed with a very light hand on the hops. Pours lighter than expected, with a deep golden, almost iced-tea color and sparkling clarity.
A New World interpretation of the traditional Czech pilsners, Blue Paddle is a beautifully conceived and crafted beer, displaying superb balance between sweet, luscious malt and Noble hops. A beautiful, yellow-golden beer with a dense, rocky,.
A very clean, crisp lager that deftly straddles the line between German- and Czech-style pilsners. The prodigious, creamy-white head, pale-yellow color and crystal clarity all speak of a masterfully crafted brew.
Starr Hill’s take on the classic Vienna Lager style weighs in as a refreshing, sessionable beer exhibiting mild malty notes. Deep gold/light copper in color with great clarity, this smooth lager boasts a fine white head and delicate lacework on.
A malt-driven example of what has become a uniquely American beer style, loaded with gobs of creamy, caramel malt. Typical of the style, this beer pours a deeply saturated copper and is brilliantly clear.
French Broad’s strong Scotch ale, widely considered the brewery’s most full-bodied and flavorful offering, appears crystal clear with a deep red, garnet, light brown color and a mild, light tan head.
Heiner Brau’s German owner/brewmaster produces traditional lagers in Covington, La., with his German-style Maerzen being the brewery’s flagship brand.
Another solid offering from a powerhouse brewery, Samuel Adams Irish Red ale is a smooth, seriously quaffable brew. Pouring dark bronze, almost copper, this beer is brilliantly clear with glints of burnished gold at the edges.
A Rocky Mountain standard, Buffalo Gold is a pale, straw-colored ale boasting a substantial, creamy-white head that lasts and lasts. Aromas are generally subdued, as expected for the style, and are dominated by bready malt, peppery spice and a.
Deep, dark, and punishingly intense, this is yet another exemplary beer from the folks at Bear Republic. This beer has a rich, saturated black color that seems to absorb light, with a rocky, light brown head providing a nice visual counterpoint.
This hoppy, bitter, roasty stout, which appears dark, opaque brown and topped by a rocky, light brown head, contains the low aroma of resiny hops and more pronounced scents of dark roasted grains, coffee and chocolate, Ed said.
A beautifully crafted Belgian-style dark strong ale, Trois Pistoles is an opulent beer with multiple layers of continually evolving aromas and flavors. It pours as a profoundly dark amber, almost chocolate brown, somewhat hazy beer crowned by a.
This is a rich, amber/brown-hued beer and a decidedly roasty, caramel accented porter, laced with hints of licorice, black cherries and figs. It pours with a prodigious, mousse-like beige head that refuses to subside, clinging to the sides of the.
Although not an overly popular style, more and more brewers are producing sweet stouts, and Left Hand Brewing has a winner on their hands. The judges praised this beer for its luscious, creamy, long lasting, beige head, as well as its deep,.
A venerable entry in the Imperial Stout category, this broad-shouldered brew that drinks well in its youth yet achieves an incredible depth and complexity with a couple of years of bottle age.
A huge, fruity, caramel-driven, alcohol-fueled beast of a beer, Old Dipsea is not a tipple for the faint of heart. A deep, dark amber – almost mahogany – the color of this beer speaks of the brewer’s fondness for caramel malts.
The second smoked beer in this issue’s lineup, Alaskan Brewing’s Smoked Porter more than holds its own when compared to the venerable Franconian entry. Alaskan Brewing is widely acclaimed for its beer, and this one is arguably the rock star of.
This crystal-clear, copper-brown ale with a tan, moussy head throws fairly clean aromas of earthy hops, very light biscuits and nuts, noted Phil. Owen called it a stronger-than-usual brown that exhibits a medium brown color, excellent clarity and.
This lovely, dark brown beer comes across as a real hybrid – “Jekyll and Hyde” style – with bold aspects of an I.P.A. and brown ale fused into one very interesting beer, noted Bob.
This ale shows off a rich brown color with a frothy, tan head and good clarity, Bob noted.
A classic abbey beer, loosely in the “Quadrupel” style, Abt 12 is a powerhouse weighing in at 10.5 percent ABV. This is most definitely a sipping beer and is not for the faint of heart.
A clean, well-crafted interpretation of the style, Bell’s Porter is a highly quaffable brew that is a great introduction to the world of porters. Its deep brown color and thick, creamy tan-colored head are spot on, and when held to the light,.
Delaware-based Dogfish Head Brewing is known for brewing beers that are brash and full of character, and Raison D’Être is no exception. Although a little light for the style, the light copper color is pleasing and the beer throws a substantial.
As expected of the style, this beer displayed hints of coffee, cocoa and earthy hops in the aroma, which is complex and constantly evolving. Rick offered praise for its light milk chocolate and sweet malt finish, yielding herbal hints of sweet.
Just about as close to perfection as you’ll find on Earth, Rare Vos is a singular drinking experience. A sultry amber, slightly hazy brew topped by a velvety, creamy and tawny head, this is as much a feast for the eyes as it is for the palate.
Another entry in the “Quadrupel” style, Sixth Glass packs a fairly serious punch from its 10.5 percent ABV and overflows with lush tropical fruit aromas and flavors. With this brew, Boulevard continues the developing trend of American brewers.
Portsmouth, N.H., is home to the award-winning Smuttynose Brewing, yet another of the long list of stellar breweries that came onto the scene in the mid-’90s.
Yet another mid-’90s entrant into craft brewing, Baltimore’s Clipper City brewery produces several lines of beers, all now under the Heavy Seas brand.
Tucked away from the big city hubbub just north of the San Francisco Bay Area, Fort Bragg’s North Coast Brewing Company is a heavy hitter, perennially turning out a range of superb beers, including Old Rasputin Imperial Stout.
Since first firing up the brewhouse in 1996, the good people at Victory Brewing have continually delivered some of the finest beers in America, displaying their considerable skills in every bottle and keg that reaches their devoted public.
The venerated Hofbräuhaus invariably comes up in any discussion concerning “classic” or “epic” breweries, and their sublime Münchner Dunkel most certainly contributes to the reverence in which beer aficionados hold the brewery.
Now in their third decade of operation, Odell is still churning out well-crafted, highly individualistic brews for an ever-growing legion of fans. Their Cutthroat Porter is a dark and enticing brew, imbued with aromas redolent of cocoa, luscious.
One of 24 Köln-based signatories to the Kölsch Convention, Reissdorf produces their flagship beer in strict compliance with the tenets of the Convention as well as the Reinheitsgebot.
Although not a wildly popular style, American dark lager is starting to build a following, and Full Sail Brewing’s Session Black Lager is a stellar example.
With an eye toward sustainable brewing and boasting a 100 percent wind-powered brewery, Philadelphia’s Yards Brewing has been producing standout ales since 1994. Brawler is brewed broadly in the mild style, and though it weighs in at only 4.2.
A perennial British brewing powerhouse, Wells & Young’s enjoys worldwide acclaim for their flagship ales. Lesser known than their bitters, yet nonetheless a fine beer, Double Chocolate Stout continues to garner accolades.
From their humble beginnings in the back of a San Diego homebrewing supply shop, the folks at Ballast Point have built a true beer juggernaut, knocking out superlative brews across a broad range of styles.
One of four breweries in this review from the now-legendary Class of 1996, Three Floyds has become an Indiana institution, providing monstrously flavorful beers to a thirsty (and rapidly expanding) fan base.
Canned beer continues to carve out an increasingly sizeable niche in the American craft beer market, and Surly Brewing’s brown ale, Bender, stands shoulder to shoulder with the best and brightest.
Simply put, a transcendent beer that can fundamentally change the way one views bottled stouts. A deep, richly saturated mahogany, almost brown color is capped off by a high, creamy khaki-colored head -- this beer just looks appetizing.
A classic American take on Russian Imperial Stout, this is an inky black, brooding monster of a beer. Dancing around the edges of this black hole in a glass are flashes of ruby red highlights, all topped off by a dense, creamy latté colored head.
Unfortunately, it appears that samples of this popular brew suffered from heat and exposure in transit to the tasting site. However, all beers in the review are tasted blind, and the judges were compelled to evaluate the beer as received.
A relative newcomer to the scene, Terrapin has been producing solid beers since 2002. After just six months of brewing, its Rye Pale Ale won a gold medal at the Great American Beer Festival, setting the brewery on a fast track to build a loyal.
Fort Collins, Colo., is home to a number of excellent breweries, and Odell is no exception.
Proving that you don’t have to spring forth from the West Coast if you want to be a hop monster, SweetWater’s IPA comes out of Atlanta bursting with great fistfuls of hops. This bruiser hits the glass with a deep, seductive golden color that.
One of two Pennsylvania breweries represented in this issue’s tasting, Weyerbacher has been treating Atlantic Seaboard beer drinkers to their wares for 15 years now.
Set on the shores of Lake Erie and situated just across the street from the famed Westside Market, Cleveland’s own Great Lakes Brewing Company has been bringing the beer since 1988.
Sadly, Hop Wallop was the second of our samples that seemed to have suffered in transit, as this is usually a stellar beer. Hop Wallop is a relatively new addition to Victory’s list of year-round beers, having previously been brewed only once.
Hailing from the northern Franconian town of Bamberg, Aecht Schlenkerla truly is the quintessential rauchbier. The aroma, redolent of rich beech wood smoke, pervades the room as soon as the beer hits the glass.
Nestled quietly in Blue Lake, Calif., Mad River is just finishing up its second decade of brewing operations.
For the better part of a century and a half, the privately held Brauerei Aying has produced amazingly characterful, award-winning beers. Celebrator Doppelbock is just one of a wide range of offerings from this classic Bavarian brewery.
Weighing in at a respectable 11 percent ABV, Cigar City’s Marshal Zhukov’s Imperial Stout is a beer to be treated with respect. Situated in Tampa, Fla., the brewery is a relative newcomer but has quickly established itself as a brewing force to.
For such a hefty beer, Malheur 12 is surprisingly quaffable and should be approached with more than a modicum of restraint and caution. As a “Quadrupel,” this beer falls loosely within the Belgian dark strong ale style and is dominated by alcohol.
Boulder, Colorado’s Twisted Pine Brewing has been wowing local drinkers with their distinctive beers since 1995. Partnering with a local coffee roaster, they have created a seriously dangerous beer, Big Shot, boasting a shot of espresso in each.
Not generally considered a coffee destination, Michigan is nonetheless home to an extraordinarily drinkable coffee stout – Founders Brewing’s Breakfast Stout.
Situated just outside downtown Harrisburg, Pa., Tröegs Brewing offers Tröegenator as a year-round staple in its impressive lineup.
Since 1976, Old Foghorn has been an eagerly awaited holiday in households across the land. Originally packaged in 7-ounce “nip” bottles and sold in four-packs, it now comes in six-packs of the standard 12-ounce “Anchor” bottle and is getting.
A distinctly fruity example of the style, redolent with notes of lush tropical fruit and bright, tangy citrus, Circus Boy is a complex, intriguing brew. It presents as a pale golden, notably hazy beer, with a surprisingly low head for the style.
The Bruery produces somewhat esoteric beers in the Los Angeles suburbs, constantly building upon an already avid, loyal following.
A tipple that has developed a dedicated, and rightfully deserved, local fan base in its hometown of Salt Lake City, Golden Spike is a beer that one judge deemed “the stuff of liters.” Exceedingly quaffable and unabashedly unobtrusive, this beer.
For nearly 25 years, Abita has been synonymous with New Orleans, and their beers are now widely distributed.
Arguably one of the progenitors of the American wheat beer genre, Haywire’s antecedent, Pyramid Wheaten Ale, helped define a uniquely American style. Staying true to its origins, Pyramid’s Haywire is a clean, refreshing beer that doesn’t color.
In the shadow of the famed San Francisco Bay Bridge, 21st Amendment Brewery is known for producing solid and occasionally eccentric beers for a rapidly growing market.
Leading off this review’s California contingent is an almost terrifyingly hoppy brew from the outskirts of Petaluma – Lagunitas’s Hop Stoopid. This beer’s label cheekily yet proudly proclaims “102 I.B.U. 4 U,” and they are not kidding: This thing.
In what seems to be a growing trend, Ska has joined the ranks of craft brewers packaging exceptional products in cans. Modus Hoperandi comes blasting out of Durango, Colo., tossing around massive amounts of hops while still remembering it is a.
From Stone’s humble Southern California beginnings back in 1996, Steve Wagner and Greg Koch have grown their operation into a craft beer powerhouse, producing some of the most widely recognized and sought-after beers anywhere.
From their family-owned brewery in the Charleston, S.C., area, Coast Brewing has produced a stunning brew that can alter one’s idea of what “sustainable” breweries are capable of. Quite simply, this is one of the best IPAs you’ll find… anywhere.
A straight-up, solid interpretation of the style that hails from the hop-drenched environs of Seattle, the Immortal’s pedigree is impeccable. Dick Cantwell’s Elysian Brewing has been pumping out epic beers since they first fired the kettles in.
Our lone Michigan entry in this issue’s tasting, Red’s Rye PA, presented itself very nicely amid a sea of heavy contenders. Known for their sometimes quirky take on classic beer styles, Founders has developed a devoted following wherever their.
Arriving on the California brewing scene around the same time as their Northern California counterparts (e.g., Moylan’s, Bear Republic), and situated in the Central Coast wine country, Firestone Walker has put out exceptional products from day.
Producing a wide range of sometimes quirky beers, London’s Greenwich Brewery, the home of Meantime Brewing, offers up a traditional take on a constantly updated style.
Since 1995, Sam Calagione’s Dogfish Head in Delaware has been providing the beer drinking public with characterful, sometimes offbeat but always tasty beers.
Most assuredly an English-style India Pale Ale, Samuel Smith’s India Ale is a wonderful example of the venerable Tadcaster-based brewery’s work.
Situated on the banks of the Lehigh River in Easton, Pa., Weyerbacher Brewing produces some of the East Coast’s most noteworthy beers, including the fearsome Blithering Idiot, a decidedly American take on the venerable English barleywine.
Yet another rock solid Pennsylvania brewery, Harrisburg’s Troegs Brewing Company has captivated beer drinkers across the country with its distinctive, easily recognizable beers. This time Troegs checks in with Dead Reckoning, its tasty porter.
Allagash Brewing Company certainly knows how to do Belgian-style beers and uses that expertise to produce Black Belgian Stout at its Portland, Maine brewery. As advertised, this is a Belgian-influenced riff on the ubiquitous Irish classic.
Coronado Brewing Company has delivered a solid lineup of noteworthy brews since opening in 1996. The current heavyweight, Idiot IPA, carries an 8.5% ABV and is loaded with sticky, resiny hops, to the tune of 3 pounds per barrel.
More widely known for crisp, refreshing lagers, tropical climes also host a number of breweries producing substantial ales, notably Foreign Extra Stout. Lion Brewery Ceylon, headquartered in Sri Lanka, produces the widely acclaimed Lion Stout,.
Stone Brewing Company continues to produce some of the most widely known and sought after beers in the country.
Hailing from New Ulm, Minn., August Schell Brewing produces a huge spectrum of beers under a number of labels. The eponymous August Schell brand showcases the brewery’s respectable talents, and includes Schell’s Stout, a creamy, sweet tipple.
Brewing powerhouse Boston Beer Company has diverged from the ubiquitous Samuel Adams label in its recent foray into big beer – Griffin’s Bow Oaked Blonde Barleywine Ale. True to the style, Griffin’s Bow boasts a nose chock full of sweet malt,.
Alan Pugsley’s Shipyard Brewing, a Portland mainstay since he first fired up his brewhouse in 1994, produces a broad range of distinctive Ringwood yeast based beers for a fan base long since expanded beyond Maine.
From opening day in 1990, Breckenridge Brewery has expanded from a single pub in picturesque Breckenridge, Colo., to a regional concern distributing a broad repertoire of uncommon brews.
Delaware-based Dogfish Head Brewing Company and inimitable owner Sam Calagione continue to produce a world renowned lineup of quirky brews.
After nearly three decades of operation, Deschutes Brewing is considered one the Pacific Northwest’s “Old Guard” breweries. Among its assertive brews, Deschutes keeps things interesting with the annual release of Hop Henge.
Family-owned Bear Republic has been brewing distinctive beers in Sonoma County since first firing the kettle in 1996. At almost 7% ABV, Red Rocket Ale can be described as a bastardized Scottish style ale.
London’s last traditional family brewery, Fuller’s Brewery has been producing singularly British ales for nearly 200 years. Fuller’s ESB, is the archetypal bitter, displaying a rather fruit forward, malty nose while packing a solid bitterness in.
Available in the United States since 2000, Hitachino Nest has garnered somewhat of a cult following among American beer lovers. Although its availability can be limited at times, this is a highly sought-after brew, and rightfully so.
For the past four years, the former Pizza Port director of brewing operations, Tomme Arthur, has been producing some of California’s most sought-after beers at Port Brewing Company/ the Lost Abbey.
Boulevard Brewing’s fall seasonal, Bob’s 47 Oktoberfest displays the classic character of its Germanic antecedents while showing off some Midwestern swagger. Since 1989, the crew at Boulevard has been cranking out tasty lagers and ales. The well.
Since 1417, a hundred years before the Reinheitsgebot was enacted, Hacker-Pschorr Brau has brewed beers of exceptional character and unsurpassed quality. The Weisse Dark is a beautifully crafted dunkelweizen, a style that continues to gain.
Located on the Boston waterfront, Harpoon has been doing what it does best for 25 years – offering a broad range of first-rate beers to a dedicated following. Rife with aromas of rich caramel, molasses, and traces of licorice, Munich Dark fills.
Brewed since 1862, Chimay Première is the flagship beer of the Trappist monks of Abbaye Notre Dame de Scourmont in Chimay, Belgium and is quite likely the most widely recognized Trappist beer in the world today.
Although made under a license from the Brewed in Munich every year since 1872, Spaten’s Oktoberfest is considered the world’s oldest version of this style.
More widely acclaimed for exceptional weissbiers, Paulaner delivers a lineup of fine lagers, including its Oktoberfest Bier. Released annually in late summer, this malty, slightly chewy brew’s easy drinking belies a lurking 6 percent ABV.
Although made under a license from the Affligem Abbey in Flemish Brabant by lay brewers, Affligem’s Dubbel follows the Trappist beer tradition and displays classic Dubbel character.
Since first opening in Palo Alto in 1988, Gordon Biersch has grown into an international brewing powerhouse. Despite the growth, Gordon Biersch has remained committed to crafting exemplary German-style beers and maintaining an unwavering.
Now entering a third decade of production, New Belgium founders Jeff Lebesch and Kim Jordan launched their brewery with Fat Tire and Abbey Belgian Style Ale.
Special E.S.B., from Durango-based Ska Brewing, was one of the first canned American microbrews and it continues to be a perennial favorite among a growing and increasingly devoted following.
Located in a quiet Mira Mesa business park, AleSmith Brewing has been turning out stunning beers since 1995. Speedway Stout is a monster of a Russian Imperial Stout. Clocking in at a mind-boggling 12% ABV, it’s not a beer to be toyed with.
Starting out in the back of a local homebrewing supply store in 1996, Ballast Point Brewing has continued to expand its exceptional beer lineup, including the sublimely hop-driven Sculpin IPA.
Originally a brewpub in downtown San Diego, 22 years later Karl Strauss Brewing Company produces over 30,000 barrels of beer annually. Head brewer Matt Johnson’s latest holiday brew, Two Tortugas Belgian Quad, is an 11% ABV that packs a serious.
Since opening Port Brewing/Lost Abbey in 2006, co-founder Tomme Arthur has earned the reputation as “The Guy” when it comes to producing Belgian-style sour ales. Red Poppy is a Flanders-style red ale, displaying all of the expected trademark.
Perched above the scenic Columbia River Gorge in Mt. Hood, Ore., Full Sail Brewing Company has been serving up classic brews to dedicated fans for a quarter century. A heavy hitter in the repertoire is the Black Gold Imperial Stout, a hugely.
From its earliest days back in the fall of 1988, Cleveland-based Great Lakes Brewing Company has developed a rightfully deserved reputation as one of America’s top breweries.
The waves of clove, ripe banana, and sweet tangerine aromas wafting from the glass of Schneider Weisse Original promise great things within. This brew from the producers of acclaimed Bavarian weissbiers impressed Pete with its luscious banana and.
Located where a hop farm once produced the annual harvest, Brewery Ommegang brews a very limited range of Belgian-style beers, preferring to focus on quality over quantity, traditional ingredients and brewing methods.
Touted as “Texas’ Oldest Craft Brewery,” St. Arnolds continues to produce a respectable lineup of characterful beers in Houston including Fancy Lawnmower. Crisp and refreshing, Fancy Lawnmower won the 2010 Great American Beer Festival’s gold.
Producing a small range of beguilingly complex beers, Urthel’s brew master Hildegard van Ostaden recently introduced Saisonnière, which falls somewhere between saison and golden ale.
Harking from a city familiar with top shelf breweries, BridgePort Brewing of Portland has produced some of the Oregon’s best-selling beers for almost three decades. In production for almost 25 years, Blue Heron Pale Ale is unquestionably.
Since opening its original brewpub in downtown Bend, Ore. in 1988, Deschutes has been throwing down a solid lineup of classically-styled brews.
John Hall decided to thumb his nose at convention and started business on Friday the 13th. More than 20 years hence, Goose Island is a landmark brewery, producing distinctive beers that are anything but conventional.
Tucked quietly away in the picturesque Wallonian province of Namur, Brasserie Caracole produces a number of artisanal Belgian ales including Troublette. More subtle than other witbiers, Troublette’s aroma is an alluring mélange of tangy lemon.
Brothers Kurt and Rob Widmer have been originators in the American craft beer scene since 1984, producing a range of beers including arguably the prototypical American wheat ale, Widmer Hefeweizen.
Stevens Point Brewery has been brewing in Wisconsin for over 150 years, taking time off only for Prohibition when it produced near beer and soft drinks. Its Horizon Wheat is the third entry in this issue to have taken home gold from the 2010.
Snugly ensconced on the Big Island of Hawaii, Kona Brewing has been brewing its two flagship beers and a rotating lineup of seasonal brews since 1995. As distribution grows and production expands, Kona’s products are showing up in more markets..
Montreal’s Brasserie McAuslan first fired its kettles in 1989 and with the introduction of St. Ambroise Pale Ale instantly established the company as a mainstay. The Apricot Wheat Ale, infused with natural apricot essence, continues to draw fans.
Southern Tier heralds autumn with its annual release of Harvest Ale, a decidedly American take on the British classic – Extra Special Bitter. Southern Tier has never been bashful when it comes to hops and this beer is no exception.
Established in Tilburg, The Netherlands in 1884, Koningshoven was the first Trappist brewery in operation outside Belgium’s borders. Considered the most commercialized of the Trappist breweries, it continues to produce traditional beers of.
Left Hand’s flagship brew, Sawtooth Ale is another American riff on Extra Special Bitter, drawing depth and complexity from Pacific Northwest hops, Caramel and Munich malts.
For over 25 years, Pittsburgh’s Penn Brewery has been knocking out top-notch German-style lagers and staunchly sticking to a no adjuncts rule. Penn Brewery’s Penn Dark is a traditional Munich-style Dunkel relying on Munich malts and Hallertau.
Deftly camouflaging its deceptive alcohol strength among layers of ripe fruit aromas and honeyed malt, La Chouffe from Brasserie Achouffe is truly a world class Belgian strong golden ale.
For the last two decades, Avery Brewing has shown they know hops and are not afraid to use them. The Maharaja, Avery’s contribution to the world of Imperial IPA’s, boasts over 100 bittering units and tons of flavor and aroma hops. This is truly.
Kansas City doesn’t usually evoke thoughts of world class Belgian-style beers, yet that is exactly what Boulevard Brewing has been producing for the last 25 years. Long Strange Tripel falls in the classic Belgian Tripel style, evincing notes of.
Pungent and tartly sour, New Holland’s Blue Sunday Sour lives up to its moniker, showing a distinctly wild side, a quenching acidity and overtones of aged American oak. A complex blend of barrel-soured beers, this brew challenges conventional.
Just off of San Francisco’s scenic Embarcadero, 21st Amendment Brewery has been turning out California-themed iconic beer styles for over a decade.
Brewed with an eclectic blend of European and American hops and malts, Shmaltz Brewing’s Coney Island Lager is somewhat of an oddity, unashamedly intermarrying ingredients from the Old and New Worlds alike.
Located in a combination brewery, winery and distillery on windswept Nantucket Island, Cisco Brewers are putting out some of the most intriguing wood-aged beers available today.
Clown Shoes’s “Clementine” pays homage to Flemish witbier antecedents, with notes of coriander, citrus, and honey laced throughout. Yet, basing production in Ipswich, Massachusetts, the brewer also gives a nod to American ingredients – notably.
During its explosive growth and a move into a massive new, purpose-built facility, Green Flash’s Mike Hinkley and Chuck Silva continue to crank out top notch brews with a distinctive San Diego twist.
Silky smooth and loaded with luscious, sweet caramel and vibrant citrusy hop notes, Lakefront’s Fixed Gear is the quintessential American amber ale.
The last in a distinguished string of Vertical Epic Ale releases, 12.12.12 is Stone Brewing’s homage to Belgium’s dark, powerful and spicy Bières de Noël.
Now entering a third decade of brewing, Petaluma-based Lagunitas continues to produce some of the more idiosyncratic beers (and labeling) on the market today. “Censored” is no exception, having been renamed after a certain Federal agency.
Firmly straddling the line between Old World classicism and New World swagger, Jolly Pumpkin produces quirky, hugely flavorful beers, providing drinkers with an updated take on the more rustic “farmhouse” brewing tradition.
The fourth and final entrant from the Class of 1996 in this issue, Flying Fish has grown from humble beginnings to become the “largest craft brewery in New Jersey.” The brewery produces a number of quality ales and has a dedicated following in.
Experimenting with the recently developed Japanese Sorachi Ace hop, Brooklyn Brewery delivers in a big way with its beer of the same name.
A recent addition to the brewery’s lineup, the St. Bernardus Witbier is a wonderful example of a style that nearly went extinct. Developed in cooperation with Pierre Celis, who almost single-handedly resurrected witbier, the St.
Made in a brewery launched by four Belgian schoolmates in 2000, Troubador Blond introduces itself with a complex nose. It teems with aromas of vanilla bean, clove, apricots, and cherries.
Sadly, what is deservedly heralded as one of the world’s iconic beers, our samples of Orval apparently suffered in transit, and were in no way representative of the Trappistenbier the panel all know.
For 25 years, Middleton, Wisconsin’s Capital Brewery has supplied an increasingly large following with a solid line up of fine ales and lagers.
A Bavarian fixture for 150 years, Privatbrauerei Ayinger is one of the world’s classic breweries. The extensive lineup of traditional Old World beers includes the lightly chocolaty, faintly herbaceous Altbairisch Dunkel, a beer of exceptional.
One of the world’s truly classic weizenbocks, in constant production since 1907, the Schneider Aventinus throws around gobs of prune, banana, and warm, exotic spices as the aroma billows from the glass.
Home to some of the most idiosyncratic beers in the world, Franconia is rightfully known as the brewing world’s epicenter for rauchbiers, which are noted for the pungently smoky aromas and flavors.
Touted as a “Double ESB Ale,” the XX Bitch Creek Grand Teton Brewing Company takes everything in the Bitch Creek ESB recipe and basically doubles it. A limited release, it makes for an imposing brew that throws around aromas and flavors with.
Seattle’s Dick Cantwell has been a mainstay on the brewing scene for more than two decades and opened his own operation, Elysian Brewing, in 1996. Since then, Elysian has earned its avid following, producing wickedly good ales, and the occasional.
Yet another intriguing beer from the folks at Tampa’s Cigar City Brewing, Good Gourd Imperial Pumpkin Ale is a seasonal special release – chock full of earthy pumpkin, enticing spices, and soothing alcohol warmth.
Still brewing with water from a well that was first sunk over 250 years ago, the venerable Samuel Smith’s Brewery, located in the picturesque Yorkshire countryside, remains true to tradition, fermenting most of its beers in open stone “squares.”.
Situated in the land of mainstream lagers, Schlafly Beer takes a different path, producing a wide range of distinctive, characterful beers for a burgeoning army of devotees. Blasting out of the glass with mounds of bright, assertive spices,.
Produced by what is ostensibly the oldest operating brewery in the world, Weihenstephan Vitus is a rich, tempting weizenbock, loaded with ripe, juicy notes of bubblegum, bananas, and plums, as well as subtly spicy clove and pepper.
Since launching in 2003, Thomas Hooker Brewing Company has pumped out a lineup of solid ales and lagers from the brewery in Bloomfield, Connecticut.
Another intriguing entry into the world of pumpkin beer, La Parcela, from Dexter, Michigan’s Jolly Pumpkin Artisanal Ales, deftly straddles the line between tradition and quirkiness. It blends pumpkin and spices with old school oak barrel aging.
Starting a second decade of brewing operations, Southern Tier Brewing Company enters the seasonal holiday beer fray with Pumking, its own unique take on imperial pumpkin ale.
A spice-driven 8.0 percent ABV brew, Weyerbacher Brewing Company’s Imperial Pumpkin Ale seethes with caramel, clove and cinnamon, but only the occasional hint of pumpkin. This beer’s aroma pummels the senses with wave after wave of nutmeg,.
When they decided to start packaging beer, 21st Amendment Brewery founders Nico Freccia and Shaun O’Sullivan opted for cans over bottles. If ever there was a beer to make believers out of those who turn up noses at canned beer, Hop Crisis is it.
For ten years, Terrapin Beer Company has been pushing the boundaries and challenging the concept of “acceptable” beer styles. Rye Pale Ale was introduced in April of 2002 and the company hasn’t looked back since.
The Double Black IPA is one of the top-notch beers consistently made by Alaskan Brewing Company for an army of zealously faithful beer connoisseurs. Teetering precariously between a Cascadian black ale and a black imperial IPA, this brute packs a.
Established in 1980, Sierra Nevada Brewing Company has evolved from a tiny local brewery to a craft brewing giant. Seasonal newcomer Ruthless Rye IPA boasts complex, spicy aromas and flavors, all underpinned by a solid American IPA.
A masterful blending of young beer with older, oak-aged beer lends Rodenbach Grand Cru its massive, distinctively tart aroma that rolls from the glass in alternating waves of sour cherry, sherry vinegar, and faintly syrupy malt.
Boasting a whopping 10.5 percent ABV, Gulden Draak is a seriously hefty brew. Bottle conditioned after using wine yeast for the secondary fermentation, Gulden Draak’s aromas are dominated with notes of caramel, milk chocolate, black currants and.
Yet another amazing brewery from “The Class of ’96,” Paso Robles-based Firestone Walker Brewing Company has built a reputation for decidedly hop-centric ales of exceptional character.
A quirky take on a classic Belgian style, Tripel Karmeleit uses oats and wheat in addition to malted barley. Aromas of vanilla, Satsuma, and honey abound, all floating over soft, lightly sugary pilsner malt.
Moinette enjoys worldwide acclaim as a true representative of an almost forgotten brewing tradition.
Papillion, Nebraska isn’t the first place your average beer hunter might consider when seeking out the origins of eclectic, Belgian-influenced farmhouse ales.
The relative young American offshoot of a centuries-old Austrian brewing powerhouse has produced the award-winning Trumer Pils since 2004. The aroma has a hop presence more subdued than expected of a Pils.
Made in a biodiesel-fired brewhouse, 32/50 Kölsch represents a unique take on the august Köln-based style. Coast Brewing uses certified organic malts and classic German hops to capture the style’s distinctive aromas and flavors.
Leaning heavily on Flemish roots, Brouwerij Het Anker produces a line of fairly high alcohol beers including Cuvée van de Keizer Rood, Although a high octane brew at 10 percent ABV, this is a drinkable Belgian golden ale, overflowing with aromas.
Brewed in the classic Bavarian Weizenbier tradition and released each May, Dancing Man Wheat has amassed an army of loyal adherents. Throwing off dense, saturated notes of banana, cotton candy, warm bread, and ground cloves, this beer’s nose.
Initially brewed in 1918 and fermented to this day with the original yeast strain, Duvel is a beer of incredible complexity, demanding a full three months to produce. Swirling with notes of bread, ripe pears, and spicy Czech hops, Duvel’s nose is.
An American take on the venerable Belgian Pale Ale, Ommegang BPA boasts big, citrusy hops over the more traditional spicy Belgian yeast notes, not unexpected from a brewery built on a former hop farm.
Brimming with brash notes of cardamom, allspice, and ripe banana, Local 1 is yet another monster brew from Garrett Oliver and the folks at Brooklyn Brewery.
Philadelphia’s Monk’s Café is one of America’s iconic pubs, considered one of the great Belgian beer destinations on this side of the Atlantic. Proprietor Tom Peters has contracted with Brouwerij Van Steenberge to produce Monk’s Café Sour Flemish.
A cornerstone of craft, Deschutes has been slaking thirsts of for over 25 years. Inversion IPA is one of a long line of stellar ales from this venerable producer, packing 80 IBUs from no less than six different hop varieties.
Dogfish Head’s mastermind, Sam Calagione, has never been apologetic in his pursuit of beers that push stylistic boundaries, creating some of the most sought after brews on the market today. The sublimely wood-aged Burton Baton IPA is just one of.
Somewhat of a dichotomy, All Day IPA is a “session” IPA, weighing in at a conservative ABV of 4.7 percent and sporting just over 40 IBU. With its low alcohol and bitterness, All Day IPA is a rather welcome refuge in a world teeming with strong.
Crafted in the English pale ale style, Denver Pale Ale abounds with earthy, lightly grassy hop notes and sweet fruity esters. Also identified by the letters DPA writ large on the label, this brew is one of the rock solid beers Great Divide has.
On the very low end of bitterness for an American Pale Ale, Highland’s St. Terese’s Pale Ale certainly makes up for it in hop aroma. Tucked away in the scenic, beer culture rich environs of Asheville, N.C., these folks have been knocking out.
Double Pilsner is Odell Brewing Company’s strongly alcoholic riff on the venerable Bohemian pilsner, though with a surprisingly low hop bitterness. Jam packed with Pils malt and less traditional citrus hop notes, this is an iconoclastic brew..
One of a growing number of “gypsy” brewers, little is known about Brian Strumke and his Baltimore-based brewing. We do, however, know that he produces quirky, occasionally off-kilter brews in styles less daring brewers tend to shun.
Now in its 20th year of providing painstakingly crafted beers with all brewery power being wind or solar-derived, Uinta is dedicated to sustainability in terms of both the environment and distinctive brews.
Brewing on the shores of Lake Champlain, Magic Hat offers a huge roster of tasty, often quirky brews. Demo is a Northeastern riff on the black Cascadian-style IPA, yet doesn’t stray too far from the classic profile.
Due to extraordinarily tasty brews, Ninkasi Brewing has quickly earned the reputation as a heavy hitting up-and-comer. Tricerahops is a behemoth of a brew, boasting a whopping 100 IBU backed by almost 9% ABV.
Since 2002, Green Flash Brewing Company has been delivering superbly crafted, idiosyncratic brews to what has become a nationwide audience.With annual production approaching 90,000 barrels, Green Flash’s recent expansion has resulted in a.
The Anderson Valley Brewing Company has spent the past 25 years in Mendocino County producing stellar brews for appreciative beer lovers. Hop Ottin’ IPA, a brewery mainstay, is all about hops. It overflows with aromas of citrus fruit, bakery.
A forerunner of the resurgent Florida brewing scene, Cigar City Brewing has quickly developed a reputation for crafting tasty beers. Jai Alai IPA bounds with aromas of ripe tropical fruits, Florida oranges, and chewy, sweet caramel.
Focusing on only a handful of beers since 1998, Ithaca Beer Company is dedicated to quality over quantity. The supremely hoppy Flower Power IPA is dry hopped with Amarillo, Chinook, and Simcoe, and throws off aromas of grapefruit, Mandarin.
From the start, this is a different beer: near-black in color with a smoky-roasty aroma that evokes dark chocolate and charred hardwood. Leathery and bacon-like aromas add to the curious mix. No notable hop character is present in either the.
There is an intense hop aroma that includes citrus, grapefruit, pine resin, spice, and even a little marmalade. It is not an all hop show though. The malt aroma includes toast and a lot of caramel. The flavor is a parade of hops and malt.
Hops initially leap out with an herbal, leafy character atop a bouquet of pine and citrus. Fruity tones include berry, melon and stone fruit with light accents of tropical fruit adding an interesting layer.
You expect complexity in a Belgian-style ale and this one has plenty. The aroma has hints of spun sugar, plums, currants, and spices reminiscent of grains of paradise and allspice. The beer is hazy, light brown, beige, with substantial initial.
With its sparkling clarity, dark gold/light orange tint and moderate carbonation, this lager nails the classic style descriptors for appearance.
Fresh, intense hops are prominent in the aroma; hints of tropical fruit are blended with an underlying resinous essence. Fruitiness is compounded by ester contributions from the fermentation, adding pineapple and berry character that invites a.
A fairly clear orange-amber beer with a low white head offers a very complex aroma that speaks of American hop varieties – floral, citrus, pine and a little orange. Gradually, some caramel notes appear.
A deep coppery brown, this beer serves up lots of chocolate aromas. The aromatics combine chocolate roast, a little coffee and notes of milk chocolate. The flavors are every bit as complex on the chocolate side.
Dubbels are usually a bit lighter and more complex than other Belgian dark strong ales. This Dubbel has more than enough complexity. It starts with an aroma of Belgian spicy yeast, white pepper, with maybe a touch of rum, and burnt sugar. In the.
This beer walks the fine line between the Belgian Dubbel style and its bigger cousin, the Belgian Dark Strong Ale. In the glass it is a deep brown with a reddish/orange hue and a big, white, rocky head.
One of New Belgium’s Lips of Faith lineup, La Folie is an American take on the venerated Flanders Brown Ale, rife with hints of green apple, black cherries, and succulent caramel, all counterpointed by a piquant, versjuice-like sourness.
The Lost Abbey of San Marcos has been producing esoteric Belgian-influenced ales since 2006 and co-founder Tomme Arthur continues the trend with his acclaimed Cuvee de Tomme.
Dedicated to creating beers that honor strong Acadian roots, the brewers at Bayou Teche have created a “Louisiana Pale Ale” to pair with Cajun and Creole cuisine. A faint floral hop hint wafts over notes of freshly toasted English muffins and.
Since launching its Toasted Lager from a direct-flame fired kettle in 1998, Blue Point has grown into a regional powerhouse, producing 30,000 barrels a year of uniquely flavored beers. Direct firing produces toast and caramel notes, which are.
Generally known for the blockbuster, high-octane brews (Scaldis, Scaldis Noel), Brasserie Duboisson entered the fruit-flavored beer market just under five years ago. Of course, the brewers stayed true to their roots, and the result, Pêche Mel’.
For almost 25 years, Colorado’s Breckenridge Brewing has provided thirsty devotees with an ever-growing repertoire of characterful, occasionally quirky beers – including Agave Wheat.
Convoluted aromas of dry wood, treacle, caramel candy, earthy hops, brown sugar, vanilla and allspice emerge from this dark amber, slightly hazy ale.
Convoluted aromas of dry wood, treacle, caramel candy, earthy hops, brown sugar, vanilla and allspice emerge from this dark amber, slightly hazy ale.
This slightly hazy, light golden ale pours with a lofty stand of snow-white foam that seems to dissipate rather quickly.
A somewhat bready malt aroma intertwined with fresh-smelling hops that can best be described as having the aroma of a wide field of clover-grassy and floral. After a beautiful copper/orange pour, the malt is dry and bready, almost cookie-like,.
When swirled, this inviting ale smells of caramelized malts, sweet toffee, candied cherries, raisins, plums, vanilla and warming alcohol vapor. Lively with substantial carbonation and a thick, fl uffy, off-white head that settles quickly, this.
The relatively pale color belies the malt intensity as an aroma of rich, toasty Vienna malt wafts up, inviting deeper scrutiny. Layers of malt suggest bread crust, graham crackers, and grainy malt with a suggestion of molasses. A hint of fl oral.
Pouring with a bit of chill haze, the initial aroma is very clean with a touch of floral and spicy hops. The malt has both a honey note and a husky grain edge to it. The flavor is very much like the aroma with just a bit of hop spice and biscuit.
The nose picks up a cornucopia of caramel, sour cherries, passion fruit and fi g jam with traces of dark malts, cocoa nibs and balsamic vinegar. This deep brown ale boasts ruddy red hues and soft, tan foam that leaves attractive lacing on the.
One would expect pale ale to be more balanced, but these days those distinctions have become muddled. This is a hoppy beer with a fresh, West Coast aroma of hops, at once both resinous and citric. The beer pours a slightly hazy, pale golden with.
A dark brown beer awaits after the pour with a low tan head. The aroma is dark chocolate with a little biscuit, oatmeal and just a hint of vanilla. The flavor has the same aspects as the aroma.
This beer looks perfect in a glass and the grapefruit, pine and resin are evident from arm’s length. Beneath the layer of intense hop aroma is an enticing dark chocolate and nutty roast.
The beer itself pours a beautiful copper-orange with exceptional clarity and a bright white head. The aroma is a mélange of classic “C” type American hops, blending into a combination of woody, weedy, and citric components.
This beer makes a great first impression with a tall white head topping a clear gold column of beer. The familiar pine and citrus of Cascade hops are restrained but not so high as to blank out the cracker, hay and touch of honey from the malt..
Like American Pale Ale and IPA, the Imperial IPA and Barleywine categories can get muddled. This beer tends toward a barleywine due to the aroma which is very malty with burnt caramel, toffee, and even some vinous, aged ale notes. The resinous,.
Earthy, slightly piney hops dominate the aroma, followed by slight toasty malt that gives way to berry and cherry fruitiness. The flavor starts with herbal and resinous hops with a supporting grainy, nutty maltiness that has a slight caramel.
Intense smoke dominates upon fi rst sniff, with a distinctive beechwood-lox character. The smokiness covers any trace of hops, but some toasty, grainy malt aroma does escape. The flavor is initially reminiscent of cured meat (ham or bacon).
American Black Ale is an ever- changing category that was based on American IPA with added roast character rather than an American stout with IPA levels of bitterness. This beer’s aroma was dominated by complex roast malt of baker’s chocolate and.
This is a deep, dark amber beer. Under a tan head, it is very hazy with evidence of a little debris floating around. The nose hits initially with resin, pine, light grass, and mild grapefruit all appearing. Despite the hop component, there is a.
Medium gold in color with an attractive orange tinge, this IPA offers a nose of citrus, pineapple, tropical fruits, pine, herbs and toffee-like malt.
This is an extremely quaffable beer for those looking for two or three hop-forward pints. The classic hazy, dryhopped look in the glass is the first of many IPA hallmarks. The very intense blend of grapefruit, citrus, resin and pine in the nose.
This rich ale pours deep brown – almost black – with a claret glow when backlit. Cocoa nibs, bitter chocolate, roasted malt hints and undertones of prune and dark fruits permeate the aroma profile, while low carbonation levels increase the.
The combination of dark roasted malt and the sweet, Ibarra chocolate flavor and aroma make this Oatmeal Stout similar to a chocolate covered coffee bean. The style calls for both coffee-like and chocolate-like roast aromas and this version hits.
This American Imperial Stout is a prime example of a beer that not only looks dark, but also smells dark. The coffee notes are as intense as any double espresso and the roast aroma comes across like 50-year-old charred wood.
The aroma of this beer initially came across as a mélange of fruit: strawberries, raspberries, cherries, and stone fruit with a touch of honey. The flavor features nutty, biscuity malt with hints of caramel and toffee that fade as a sharp wave of.
Malt dominates this beer with tones of chocolate, nutty toastiness and dark dry fruit. Hops are restrained and allow the malt to shine with its many layers including cocoa, bread crust and light caramel. Hop bitterness is just enough to balance.
A slight haze gives this beer a classic dry-hopped look. The low white head had good retention with small bubbles that laced the glass. The aroma is surprisingly spicy with a pleasant hop character.
Gorgeous aromas of sweet grains, flowery hops, restrained fruity esters and a honey-like hint are the groundwork for what’s to come in this beer’s flavor. Elegant malt flavors combine with refined noble hops, achieving a fi ne balance in this.
Peaches initially leap out from this beer with a sugary, candylike quality. As the aroma opens up, some spicy/peppery yeast character and grainy/bready malt join in. The flavor continues the peach-first theme, buttressed by apricot and tangerine.
This is an interesting concept beer that lovers of Belgian beers or IPAs will enjoy. Initially quite aromatic, with floral, perfumy American hops atop a peppery Belgian yeast character and subtle toasty malt.
Deep gold with fairly good clarity and a modest white head, this beer exhibits Belgian aromatics with pear and apple the dominant fruit. Pepper and coriander are the prevailing spices over a bready malt backbone. Once it warms there is a little.
This clear light amber beer sports a thick, cream-colored head. The aroma is clean with toasted malt and a touch of spicy hop character. I detect a hint of bready yeastiness and sulfur notes, which is consistent with a well lagered beer.
Vividly golden and exceptionally clear, this malty lager throws aromas of floral hops, grains, hints of sweet corn, honey and hard water with traces of sulfur.
German Weissbiers, known as hefeweizens in America, generally range from light and spritzy to dark and a bit fuller. This one is on the fuller side. The aroma is sweet and bready with a touch of banana.
With a deep gold color, slight cloudiness and fl uffy white foam, this American ale seems just as attractive in appearance as its Bavarian Weissbier cousins. However, the nose is wholly different from the spicy, clove-like character of a German.
Resinous, piney hop aromas are fresh and appealing, fading as caramel malt emerges. Fruity esters add an accent of strawberries and citrus fruit: tangerine and mandarin orange. A more restrained bready, grainy malt character is secondary.
An inviting citrus/grapefruit and resiny Pacific Northwest hop aroma draws you into this clear orange-amber brew and its low white head. There is an underlying light biscuit aroma with defi nite caramel once it warms.
Poured into a Belgian-style beer chalice, this elegant brew produces restrained aromas of fruity Belgian esters, banana, allspice, nutmeg, vanilla and light tropical fruit allusions.
The interplay of the Belgian and American markers, where each element takes turns being more prominent in the drinking progression, is excellent in this golden beer. The aroma brings a wonderful blend of pine resin, earthiness, pepper, grapefruit.
A surprising whiff of coffee, dark chocolate and toasted malt is initially apparent. Hops are secondary with an earthy, herbal edge that is restrained. Spicy graininess adds a layer of depth to the considerably deep, rich malt character.
The Belgian Red style usually contains a level of sourness that this example does not have. It does have some fruity notes and a fi rm Belgian character. The aroma has some sweet, candy-like cherry features along with a faint farmhouse nose.
This beer has an unmistakable aroma of Brettanomyces barnyard funkiness in all its glory. Once the beer warms there are typical saison light citrus aromas with a touch of pepper spice. The flavor is every bit as complex as the aroma. I initially.
This beer is full of big clean malty flavor and aroma, backed by hints of toffee and Tupelo honey, providing creamy, almost vanilla notes to the beer. It pours a crystal clear golden with a bright white head. The malt comes through in layers that.
A dark red-amber pour is topped by an off-white head that was low but had great retention with small bubbles that laced the glass. The aroma tilts toward complex caramel malt with a touch of resin and grapefruit.
Fresh, sweet orange peel with a touch of lemon zest and a bit of Belgian “funk” are typical in any well made Saison. The beer is a somewhat hazy pale, light orange with a firm white foam stand that sticks on the beer. The flavor is citrus, made.
This light golden ale pours with persistent, white, delicate foam. Very clear and bright, the beer appears to have been filtered quite heavily.
As I lean in to check out the garnet highlights and thick tan head, I get hit with the Pacific Northwest in all its hop glory. Loads of grapefruit and pine with a nuance of citrus zest and spice dominate the aroma. After it warms, there’s a whiff.
Brilliantly clear orange-amber with consistent off-white foam, this beer’s aroma is extremely clean and features toasty malt. As the beer warms, the hint of floral hops is superseded by pine and a touch of citrus.
This is a crisp, clean example of an aged ale. The first impression is a malt-forward aroma, with elements of bread crust, nutty grain, dark chocolate, and light toastiness. A hint of caramel or toffee adds complexity and fruity esters are.
Who says a beer must be high in alcohol to be remarkable? This golden, light-bodied, low alcohol ale showcases crisp, clean hop aromas of lemon, grapefruit, pineapple and kiwi.
Welcome as a cup of sweet coffee and cream by a campfire, this jetblack brew throws aromas of espresso, heavy cream, sweet chocolate, roasted malts and a hint of smoke. Soft esters and hops are deep in the background, and the beer pours with a.
The initial aroma is a clean mix of grapefruit and resiny hops with a little biscuit malt character peeking through. There is more hop flavor than the nose would suggest, including pine, spice and a little tropical fruit character.
This is a thick, luxurious, opaque, deep black stout with a moderately dark head.
The aroma of intense chocolate suggests a hot fudge sundae or a pan of freshly baked brownies. A malty edge provides an overall candylike impression. Some aspects of dried fruit are also present: raisin, fig, and cherry.
The aroma definitely highlights the peach, which is a sweet, almost overripe statement. The pecans are there, along with a touch of vanilla flavor. The beer itself is clear, reddish brown, almost ruby with a substantial slightly off-white head..
The aroma is sweet, with a touch of burnt marshmallow and hazelnut. The beer itself is a clear brown with reddish tints reminiscent of a hazy sunrise. The flavor remains sweet, but hardly cloying.
Uncomplicated aromas of caramel malts, toffee, brown sugar, raisins and fig preserves on toast emerge from this clear, ruddy brown/orange lager that produces an impressive layer of thick foam. Rich malts barrage the tongue with waves of treacle,.
This unusual ale smells of cocoa powder, orange zest, overripe figs and plums, slight earthy hops and bittersweet chocolate. With moderate carbonation and an off-white, slightly tan foam that settles quickly, this dark red ale seems quite.
Much like Berliner weisse, salty gose beers have experienced a surge in popularity among craft beer buffs in recent years. This gose includes a healthy dose of pungent blood oranges that merge with fragrances of toasted bread, marmalade and.
American Pale Ales used to imply a balance to the malt and hop character in a beer, but these days, the hopheads have taken over.
Like a rustic wine, this fruity selection suggests odors of sweet cherries, prunes, berries and hints of lactic acid and mild balsamic vinegar. A shy caramel malt note struggles to be noticed.
This hoppy interpretation of a Saison starts off with a yeasty, bread-like aroma that gradually melds with a honey sweetness. Perfumy hops mingle with some peppery phenols and hints of lemon zest, resulting in a very appealing bouquet.
Sometimes blending two wonderful things produces unexpected, yet magnificent, results.
Inviting aromas of coriander, cumin, cereal grains and slightly earthy notes of wheat and citrus emerge from the glass when swirled. With a pale gold shade, pleasant haze and impressive fluffy stand of white foam, the beer seems to glow when held.
Pungent, earthy hop resins punch the drinker in the nose with notes of pine, citrus, grapefruit and even hints of juniper. Pale malt-driven, this golden beer achieves impressive clarity and a moderate, white, persistent head.
The beer starts out with a fresh, tart raspberry aroma and pours a brilliantly clear dark pink with a light pink head. The flavor is a touch more juicy, but is offset by a nice creaminess to the texture of the beer, which works well with the.
Cream Ale sounds a bit ordinary, but when done right it can take “lawnmower beer” to a higher level. The complexity to the aroma starts this beer off right, biscuit malt wrapped in an appetizing blend of pear and pineapple. The pour is an.
The key to a good American IPA is getting the hops right and making them taste great. This beer gets it right, from a pleasant piney, resiny aroma to a fresh hop flow in the flavor leading to a smooth bitter finish.
The beer starts with a roasted marshmallow, smoky vanilla aroma with some caramel added – not quite what one would expect from an imperial stout. In the glass it’s black on black with a fluffy dark tan head and pretty lacing.
This beer pours a dark copper color with a hint of haze and a thin, long-lasting head. For a Triple IPA, the hop aroma is a bit subdued, but there are typical grapefruity citrus and pine aromas, along with some tropical fruit in the background..
The beer pours a soft hazy copper color with pinkish-red highlights and a well-formed head. Up front in the aroma you get blackberries followed by some doughy/bready wheat, and a hint of sour. Don’t expect much from the hops in this style.
With a brilliantly clear orange-hued amber color and a three-finger cream-colored head, this beer tempts you with its beautiful presentation in the glass. The aroma is grainy with notes of toast and bread crust, and there is a nice big citrusy.
The beer pours a beautiful, brilliantly clear dark gold with a very nice cream-colored head. As one would expect with an Imperial IPA, there are lots of hop aromas and hop flavors to match, mostly white grapefruit and resinous pine, but I did get.
As a common "gateway" sour, Berliner Weisse tends to be a little one-note, but it's usually a pretty good note! Athena follows that model, and is a good drinking sour even if it isn't a great example of a Berliner Weisse.
Pours with a very inviting cloudy yellowish color and a large white poofy head. The aroma is of bready wheat with a touch of bread crust and a pleasant grainy character.  Some background notes of river rock minerality, fresh hay, and a bit of.
This potent deep amber ale also reveals attractive orange hues when held to the light. The higher alcohol content of many barleywines may reduce head retention, but this beer shows no sign of the problem.
A rich mélange of dark chocolate and roast malt also displays hints of toasted grain, bread crust, and even toffee that all add to the multiple layers of malt complexity. Subtle fruity aromatics evoke cherry or berry, with an added dried fruit.
The beer pours a lovely clear amber, with burnt orange highlights. The aroma is clean bright malt, somewhat reminiscent of freshly baked cookies, with maybe a touch of toasted pine nuts. The flavor extends the malt expression found in the aroma.
Spicy woodiness greets the nose followed by a caramel/toffee malt with a whiff of alcohol. Fruity character includes a dark dried fruit (fig, date, raisin). The flavor focuses first on the malt then adds a touch of woodiness, drying out as.
The first impression is a salty, sour aroma that is followed by zesty coriander and hints of orange peel and lemon. As it warms, there is a very light bready aroma. The beer has a milky white hue when first poured, then settles to a cloudy yellow.
Firmly straddling the line between Old World classicism and New World swagger, Jolly Pumpkin produces quirky, hugely flavorful beers, providing drinkers with an updated take on the more rustic "farmhouse” brewing tradition.
As expected in a Double IPA, hops define this beer's aroma. They are fruity and vivid, with a predominant orange citrus character, some grapefruit, and light grassiness and resin. It pours a hazy, orange-copper color with a tall white head that.
The aroma begins with a strong crackery malt aroma laced with strong pink grapefruit followed by caramel, resiny hops and light citrusy hops.
Poured into a snifter, this beer is a bold, blackish, deep mahogany with slight reddish highlights and a large, fluffy, light tan head.  Bready and toasty malt balances with grassy, floral, and tangerine notes in the aroma, with a background hint.
This beer wafts a clean bouquet of toasted malt and moderate piney, citrusy hops, complemented by a profile of low fruity esters. Deep amber in color and fairly clear, with just a hint of chill haze, the ale also sports an impressive stand of off.
This beer starts off with a booming hop bouquet dominated by pine needles and resin. This quickly fades to a less pronounced herbal character with background notes of tangerine and grapefruit. Underneath it all there are hints of caramel and.
When I take my first sniff I am treated to an orgy of mango, guava, grapefruit, orange and even a bit of peach and pine with a little resin on the side. After it warmed I detected a little biscuit and green tea.
This is a very pretty IPA. As you drink it, a foam residue of your progress is recorded on the side of the glass. An entire hop farm of pine, resin, wood and grapefruit hop aromas slowly arrive as the beer warms.
I smell a pleasant mix of resin and citrus followed by a little orange citrus, biscuit malt, and a touch of coconut/tropical fruit. I also detect some underlying generic spice. The flavor is fuller than the aroma suggests. I get a lot of resin.
The initial aroma is of caramel and toasty malt, followed by woody, earthy hops that have a pithy character. Moderate strawberry esters have an overripe fruitiness, with a low-level sour/sulfury quality that is distracting.
A blast of fruity, resiny hops greets the nose with a cornucopia of tropical fruits: papaya, guava, and pineapple. The citrusy character is also present in the hop-driven aroma. A secondary bouquet of bready malt and a hint of corn-like DMS round.
Fresh noble hops and cracker-like, lightly bready Pils malts are initially in the forefront. The hops have a tangy, floral character that sits atop an unexpected peach/pear fruitiness with a touch of honey.
Pungent, resinous hops greet the nose with traces of pine amidst the leafy, vinous essence. A low malt presence helps to support the pear and berry esters. Flavor follows suit, starting with a piquant hop character that is impressively fresh and.
Quite an interesting experimental ale, this beer boasts an expansive range of mild flavors that merge to form a unique black ale with aromas of dark malts and suggestions of root beer, coffee, cola, burnt sugar, raisins, plum and smoke.
Brekle's Brown is an American Brown Ale in the sense that it's brown, and made in America.
A fruit-forward aroma with notes of sour white grapes is supported by some lightly browned pie crust. A leathery element of Brettanomyces in the background adds an element of complexity and intrigue. Oak rounds out the nose and becomes more.
A nice big billowing head leaves some lace, and the beer is a brilliantly clear medium amber that you can read a book through. The malt aroma has several layers -- from slightly grainy bread crusts and freshly baked bread to some caramel notes.
Cream ales are the ale version of light American lagers. This beer is refreshing and thirst quenching – just the thing for a hot summer day. A little deeper gold than most cream ales, this beer also has some light fruity apricot notes in the.
The brilliantly clear gold body and bright white head give off a complex aroma dominated by resiny hops and supported by light caramel, honey, grapefruit, orange, and some light strawberry esters. It has a light water cracker-esque body with.
The brilliantly clear amber body and the slowly dissipating ivory head delivers an aroma of biscuits, caramel, toast, and honey. The esters dominant in other Belgian styles are not present here.
The aroma from this clear, brown beer with a dense tan head is a complex mix of black cherries, oranges, malt vinegar, and hints of wood. The flavor is an evenly balanced delicate blend of sweet malt, black cherries, orange, and a light acetic.
The brilliantly clear strawberry body and dense beige head emit an aroma reminiscent of cherry cola; rich cherries, caramel, and whispers of breadcrust. Sweet cherries also dominate the flavor with support by a light, candy-like tartness and.
This clear, pale orange IPA is All-American. The aroma is an initial burst of citrus hops, consisting of lemon, orange, mango, and grapefruit. A light piney note emerges as it warms. The fermentation character in both aroma and flavor is very.
A West Coast emblem, the American Amber style is known for generous measures of crystal malt and citrus hop character. This beer's clean caramel and toffee aromas certainly fit the bill. With some rousing as the beer warms, an earthy, herbal hop.
A good IPA should be as pure an expression of fresh hops as can be had, and this beer follows that rule. It’s a pale, very clear dark gold/light copper beer that starts with citrus lemon and orange with a touch of pineapple hop aroma as backup. .
A well made Vienna can be the perfect thirst-quenching Amber lager, worthy of being considered one of the original lager styles. This Vienna has a lot of the pieces that make up a good one.
The nose registers oxidative notes of earthy malt, sherry, raisins, plums, figs, rum, alcohol and toffee followed by hints of caramel, brown sugar and minerals. Check out the viscous legs on the side of the glass when the dark brown, shadowy beer.
Is this a dark bourbon aged in a stout barrel? No, it's the other way around. Big whiskey vapors waft from the glass, backed by nuances of blueberry, blackberry, roasted malts, light espresso, dark cherries, vanilla and allspice.
The nose seems overwhelmed by complex aroma layers of alcohol, walnuts, citrus, berries, honeysuckle, fruit salad, wood tannins, agave, herbs and gourd pulp that bring to mind a spiced dessert pudding with melted marshmallows.
Bold aroma notes of earthy caramel, flowers, pine resins and sweet malt ooze through the layer of white foam. The malt profile seems sugary, with supporting hops somewhat in the background. The dark gold beer pours quite hazy, with a head that.
Oak and leathery Brettanomyces aromas are dominant up front with notes of light peppercorn, bready malt, and alcohol supporting. Hidden underneath is a floral bouquet that is somewhat reminiscent of potpourri. It pours with a dense rocky light.
This brilliantly clear ruby-red beer, is assertively fruit-forward with strawberry, cherry, and apple dominating both the aroma and the flavor. Behind the fruit complexity are light notes of both toffee and root beer.
The best Spice, Herb, and Vegetable beers combine an array of flavors -- often unfamiliar -- and become something greater than the sum of their parts. This beer, brewed with hibiscus, succeeds in that. Its aroma is anchored by a grainy, bready,.
Drinking this beer one gets the sense that it could be - and maybe should be - a bit more than what it is.
Some beers get it right right from the jump, and Hennepin is squarely in that category. From the first sniff to the last sip, it embodies what we think of in a Saison, with darn little to pick at.
This beer pours a light gold with a slight haze, giving it an unfiltered look. A white and very low head did not persist after rousing. The aroma is a pleasant blend of light lemon and pepper with a background note of grain, but nothing that.
The aroma from this extremely dark beer is subtle and complex with a little toffee, caramel, chocolate and coffee with a slight earthiness. The flavor features chocolate and coffee mixed with a bit of nuttiness and a hint of smoke.
Since first opening the doors and firing the kettles at New Glarus back in 1993, Deborah and Dan Carey have been producing some of the most noteworthy beers on the market.
A recent development as far as beer styles go, a Session IPA should contain an ordinary alcohol level while retaining the aggressive hop character of its less sessionable kin. This example has a familiar grassy hop aroma, supported by moderate.
A rich roasted malt aroma assails the nostrils upon the initial pour. Hops are pleasantly subdued to allow the dark malty bouquet ever-present in this rendition to manifest itself.
An effervescent, sparkly, and pleasant example of a kölsch. The nose is misleading as to the experience of the beer. It starts with a light straw, almost corn-husk nose. As it warms up, floral notes start to peek through, though there are no.
A roasty, toasty, boasty beer. It will keep you up... if it doesn't knock you down first! The coffee and chocolate are very well balanced in this beer. They are here to support the beer, not the other way around.
This beer has a powerful corn nose and flavor and a nice straw-like maltiness balanced by a deep hop bitterness.
This is a full, satisfying Flanders Red. The dark cherry fruitiness and tartness dominates both the aroma and flavor. This fruitiness is well supported by a complex blend of dark chocolate, raisin, vanilla, orange, and caramel.
Subtlety isn’t this beer’s strong suit, which is a great thing for big beer drinkers! The opening salvo of aromatics includes a complex blend of vanilla, toast, coffee, green wood, and chocolate. Alcohols build as it warms and add to the.
When done well, fruit and Berliner Weisse go together like peas and carrots. Festina Pêche’s peach/sour combination definitely does it well!
A vacation in a glass, this cloudy, bright yellow beer contains a host of tropical fruit characteristics. Its aroma is alive with juicy grapefruit, lemon zest, coriander, pineapple, and white pepper. The flavor follows suit and jumps with passion.
This pretty, amber, Belgian ale begins with elegant Vienna-like malt aromas. It smells lightly caramelized with notes of toffee and floral hops.
Harpoon Brewing Co, in collaboration with Kissmeyer Beer and Brewing, and Cambridge Brewing Company, has successfully brewed a fine Saison upon which they have then added their own stamp. 
This clear, medium-brown beer with a low persistent head of dusty pink bubbles has a huge, enveloping bouquet of freshly harvested raspberries and rich black cherry. The barnyard notes common in the aroma of other lambics are not present here.
A very clean, warming, rich and creamy stout. It starts with a warm boozy nose. Toffee and Kahlua meet you up front as you take in the dark, rich, quickly dissipating tan head. Flavors of coffee and toffee dominate this beer, with a heavy.
Barleywines tend toward the extreme, and it's a wonderful treat to drink one that can do so without sacrificing the ability to kill an entire bomber by oneself. I'm happy (tipsy?) to say that this one does, and it is the kind of beer that.
The beer poured a beautiful and clear gold color with a nice lasting white head into a tulip glass. The hop aroma is assertive enough for a pale ale, showcasing the stereotypical citrus hop character many expect, but there are some floral.
Witbiers often bridge the middle ground between German Weizen and many of the (mostly) stronger, spicier Belgian ale styles. My sample tonight (poured at 47° F) swirled a hazy dark yellow in my glass, a maelstrom of carbonation and white head.
This strong, complex, malty Belgian-style ale has aromas and flavors balanced toward malt with notes of dark fruit, plum, raisins,.
Pale Ale was for the longest period the “bedrock” of American craft brewing, and still remains a principal gateway style for many folks as they begin their palate’s beer education.
This beer pours a beautiful deep gold with a huge fluffy ivory head that hangs around for a long time and leaves rings of lace on the sides of the glass.  A background malt aroma of fresh baked bread and bread crusts supports a substantial.
Pours out of the bottle (in a bag, so it’s hidden – these are blind tastings) with a huge ivory head leaving splotchy lace on the sides of the glass. This sample was a gusher – the bottle foamed over when it was opened.  The color is typical for.
A one-of-a-kind style, Gueuze is a carbonated blend of aged and young Lambic.  Its rustic flavors provide a window into Lambic's traditional fermentation environment.
The aroma greets you with a prominent spicy alcohol character and significant stone fruit esters of peach and apricot. As the beer warms, a light floral hop aroma fights through the esters with a light bready caramel maltiness. The aggressive hop.
This beer starts with a lightly rich bready malt character that gives way to light toast and caramel as it warms and opens up. As the malt settles down, a woody, earthy hop aroma and light fresh apple ester offer a complementary balance. The.
Although the presence of hops graces the bouquet of this Old Ale, malt is the dominating aroma. Alcohol is also manifest in spades here and warms the nostrils, accompanied by hints of molasses and treacle.
This is not your typical farmhouse ale; a distinct Brettanomyces citrusy aroma and prevalent sourness sets this saison apart from typical examples. With extended oak aging among numerous microflorae, the wild character is evident upon the first.
This beer accentuates the malt by presenting a complex blend of brown sugar, biscuit, chocolate, caramel and toasted cracker with a bit of latte thrown in.
Bright aromatics of citrus, pear and apple marry with a light grainy note and a faint hint of spice. Although commonly associated with the Hefeweizen style, banana and clove characteristics were nearly completely absent. This is clearly more of.
Speakeasy's Untouchable IPA is a solid addition to a market that has every kind of IPA imaginable on offer. It makes good use of not-commonly-paired hops, and has a rich malt base upon which to play.
In evaluating this beer, I was only told that it was a “flavored Cream Ale.” This helps by identifying the perceived flavors and aromas and being able to compare them to what the brewer intended.
Session IPAs represent an attempt to make something like an IPA, only smaller (without, one would assume, being an American Pale Ale).
This is one huge hoppy knock-your-socks-off double IPA that will melt the enamel off your teeth!  Both aroma and flavor are very spicy with loads of black pepper. There is a light grainy malt backbone – slightly toasty, with a little bit of bread.
This is a very gorgeous beer, pouring a hazy -- but bright -- golden color with a thick mousse-like off-white head. The aroma is quite complex, with lots of fresh woody oak, some thick vanilla and ripe mango.
This beer is a sipper, a Barleywine brewed with lemons, hibiscus, cranberry, cherry, and cocoa nibs. Its aroma is quite rich and generically fruity, with oak, ethanol, and cocoa coming through. Ethanol becomes more apparent as it warms, and the.
This pale ale has a lot going on – in a good way! It pours a beautiful, brilliantly clear deep gold with a big, mousy light cream-colored head. The aroma has lots of tropical fruit from kiwi to mango and also a spicy grainy rye breadiness. The.
Berliner Weisse, Napoleon’s “Champagne Of The North,” is a very refreshing light sour wheat beer. This example is very cloudy and has a huge white head that stays around forever. The aroma is of doughy bread with a bit of lemon, with some hay in.
There is quite an impressive expression of hops throughout this beer. Huge levels of pine and resin with minor notes of tropical fruit (guava) and a hint of citrus rounds it out. This is a beer of very good clarity with a reddish-orange hue,.
There is an intense aroma of toast and baking bread up front. The beer is copper in color and brilliantly clear with good head retention. There are ale-like notes of red berries (cherry and strawberry) as the beer warms a bit.
This is a very, very good stout with all of the roast, hop, and heft that we expect from that family of beers.
Harpoon’s Leviathan IPA is a monster! This aroma of this massive brew is loaded with melon and citrus character with a light resinous background combined with substantial base malt notes. The appearance is outstanding, with very light carbonation.
Blood Orange is an interesting addition to a beer. I was afraid this beer would either be soda-poppy, or too dry to hold up to the fruit that was added to it (fruit sugars in beer tend to ferment completely out, leaving fruit essence but no fruit.
Double IPA, Triple IPA, Barleywine -- what’s the difference when you’re looking at a beer of this strength and with this much hops!
This attractive ale pours clear and medium gold in color with a moderate white, creamy head. The nose picks up loads of malt sweetness backed by citrus hints, light fruity esters, a soft golden raisin character and an aroma similar to toasted.
With a Tripel, you are looking for a dry finish with a rocky head, moderate creaminess and a good balance between spicy phenols and fruity esters. In this example, isovaleric acid (sweaty) is prominent in the beginning with strong sulfur notes to.
The nose picks up a range of complex notes through the fluffy, white layer of stubborn foam. Light leathery, sweaty, barnyard notes emerge from the Brettanomyces fermentation, and this character will most certainly become more intense as bottles.
What happens when a dry white wine is fused with a wild ale? Apparently, this beer happens. Muscat grape notes waft from the glass, along with tinges of citrus, kiwi, light acidity and mild Brettanomyces barnyard nuances.
Pouring with an orange/red hue and slight cloudiness, this potent IPA offers a moderate head that dissipates rather quickly.
Fruity aromas and flavors abound in this Flanders Red Ale, otherwise known as the Burgundy of Belgium or beer's equivalent to red wine. The aroma contains cherry, raspberry, strawberry, light citrus and raw sweetness. A low oak character lingers.
The persistent, rocky, dusty pink head throws off a huge tart raspberry & strawberry fruity aroma with just a touch of raisin and fig.
Lactic acid, sulfur dioxide and isovaleric acid are the initial aromatics here with lemon, grassy hops, and a winey Sauvignon Blanc character to follow. Brilliant clarity allows the straw-yellow color to radiate.
The beer pours a mahogany brown color with good clarity but the head dissipates immediately. Isovaleric acid (sweaty) and acetic acid (vinegar) dominate the aroma. If you can look beyond the vinegar, you might notice a slight smoky note with soft.
The high point of this American Wild Ale is its aroma, which consists of a seamless blend of raspberry, sourness, and Brettanomyces character in order of dominance.
Fruit Lambic is a variable style, with some examples being predominately fruity and others retaining traditional Lambic character complemented by a fruit addition. This example falls squarely into the former category.
Black & Tan (or half and half) is a cocktail of sorts, consisting of dark and pale beer carefully layered and usually on draft. This particular blend -- American Porter and American Lager -- has distinct elements of both.
Copper gold and crystal clear, this American Pale Ale smells moderately of floral and fruity hops. Stone fruits are followed by orange peel with a hint of pine. The aroma becomes almost tropical as it warms. There is a low, clean, malty sweetness.
This example of Light American Lager shares the traits of mass appeal that the style is known for. Its subtle aroma contains light DMS, generic adjunct character, and light fruitiness. It pours a very clear dark yellow that is a shade or two.
Brewed with 100% Brettanomyces and Australian Galaxy hops, this IPA showcases these two complementary components.
This beer is likely to be enjoyed by both hop heads and by those with a less hoppy beer preference. The hops come across prominently in the aroma as an approachable apricot and passionfruit character, compared to the more aggressive hop character.
From the start, agressiveness is the impression of this beer. With a hefty dose of Citra, Centennial, and some New Zealand hop varieties, the hop character highlights very prominent citrusy, peach, and grapefruit aromas and flavors throughout.
This Hefeweizen is very true to style -- highlighting the classical flavors of esters, phenolics, and malted wheat while restraining hops throughout. The aroma begins with a nearly even balance of medium-light bubblegum ester, clove phenolic, and.
Self-described as an “Imperial Saison," this Belgian-inspired beer showcases the expected saison phenolics, esters, and hops without the encumbrance of a heftier body or burdensome malt character of a higher-gravity beer. The aroma kicks off with.
Fruit beers can be a difficult nut to crack. There needs to be a harmonious balance between the fruit addition and the base beer, which also needs to be deftly crafted.
Magic Hat’s Electric Peel will definitely give you a jolt of powerful, fresh grapefruit. It pours a hazy, light amber color that supports a small, antique white head of foam.
It's nice to get the occasional English Pale Ale from time to time in the sea of American hoppy ales, as the play between malt and hops can be very interesting and easy-drinking in that style. This beer pours a rich copper color with good clarity.
The coppery red color is spot-on, drawing the drinker into this Red IPA. The initial aroma contains a significant amount of sulfur that lingers for quite some time.
The beer pours a beautiful amber color with an inviting orange hue. The aroma begins with a subdued, but muddled, citrusy hop character followed by a balance of bready and caramel maltiness.
The aroma is a complex amalgamation of vanilla, milk chocolate, coffee beans and fruit with just enough bready malt character to remind you that yes, this is actually a beer. The vanilla and coffee character develop even more in the flavor as it.
The beer pours an inviting deep gold with an orange hue that beckons you closer to the glass.
This American Pale Ale opens with pine, grass, and dank hop aromas, which dissipate fairly quickly. Assertive fruity aromas follow, including citrus and pear. It pours a hazy, deep gold color with a tall, white head that lasts until the final sip.
Nutty, grainy malt initially takes center stage buttressed by a sweet, honey-like character. Light tropical fruit esters along with a spicy alcohol punch round out the aroma.
An earthy, leafy hop essence supports the initial nutty, toffee/caramel, candy-like malt bouquet. Esters are subdued with an Earl Grey tea character that hints at berries and citrus.
Dark fruity esters and rich malt rule the aroma, with elements of raisin, fig, and date complementing the lush malt backbone of molasses, chocolate, and roast grain. Some barrel-derived wood character contributes a coconut aspect that adds to the.
John Maier and Rogue weigh in with this unapologetically intense brew, brimming with notes of café mocha, caramel and sweet fruit. Pours deep brown, almost black, this beer is opaque and throws a colossal, long-lasting brown head.
Shiner Bock pours brilliantly clear and amber in color. Despite ample carbonation, its ivory head is fleeting. The aroma in general is low with faint toasted malt, whispers of caramel, and an apple ester. Hops are completely absent. The bready .
Southbound Brewing Company's Hop’lin IPA is a very well-crafted, balanced IPA that delivers the goods. This slightly hazy golden-colored brew with a solid lacy head has an absolutely fantastic aroma.
Southbound Brewing Company's Scattered Sun delivers many of the basics that you’d expect in a Wit, but with a few issues. This expectedly cloudy golden-colored brew has an appealing tart aroma and cereal notes along with evident coriander and.
This beer poured a mildly hazy light mahogany color with reddish highlights. A very low khaki-colored head with formed, then dissipated quickly.
The aroma of this Tripel aged in oak bourbon barrels is subdued overall, containing a gentle mix of peppery phenols, light banana, and oak. This beer pours a hazy deep gold with a tall, creamy white head that lasts and lasts, leaving some fine .
Starting with a nice aroma of hazelnuts and cocoa nibs, this dark had little to no carbonation, foam or head retention. Malty sweetness of roasted malts, chocolate, hazelnuts, and hops blended well together along with a hint of lactose that gave.
A nice straw color that was cloudy, hazy and unfiltered – all positive attributes pertaining to this style. I detected hints of honey and a mild sweetness in the aroma. Head retention for this beer was nil, as it quickly dissipated.
A classic style that almost every brewery makes. The aroma was very hoppy, with floral and citrusy notes indicating the presence of Cascade hops. The beer had a nice light straw color that was a bit hazy. Head retention and carbonation was low..
The aroma was very hoppy with citrus and floral notes, but I didn’t detect any rye in the nose. The beer had a nice light yellow color with low foam, low head retention and low carbonation. Though categorized as a Rye IPA, I could not detect any.
This American IPA released a resiny, citrus hop aroma upon initial pour. Very fruity, but without any one identifiable fruit dominating the aromatics. Ethanol at appropriate levels delivered a warming to the nose.
Specialty beers like this aren't brewed to fit into any particular style, though they may riff on one. This example, aged in bourbon barrels, certainly takes the Dark Strong Ale category up a notch. Oak and vanilla aromas are dominant, backed up.
Southbound Brewing Co’s. Loving Cup is an interesting take on the traditional Saison style. This light golden-colored slightly hazy brew with an impressive head exhibits the appearance and the Belgian fermentation character that's expected of the.
This beer would be considered a specialty beer because it is being identified as being brewed with a unique local ingredient, Skagit Valley Barley. The base style is an American Pale Ale, but the brewer is choosing not to focus on the style.
This would be considered a specialty beer because it is brewed with a unique fermentable sugar: honey. The base style is an American Pale Ale. 
The White IPA style conjures up a melodic blend of hop-derived goodness intertwined with Belgian-style spices, sometimes featuring a dollop of wheat, and usually with some sort of yeast-derived funkiness.
Berry, berry quite contrary. What a summer blast!
For a beer that pours a hazy dark pink of red grapefruit, this beer seems a little light on fruit flavor. The thin, light head dissipated quickly.
The American Porter is quite a varied style. It can be highly hopped, highly roasted, smoky, or strong -- they are all unique. With its strongly nutty, toasted oatmeal character, this one is no different. This porter is very dark brown, nearly.
This beer pours a brilliantly clear light amber color with a deep, rich orange hue leading to a soft beige head. The head dissipates pretty quickly into a thin lacing, which unfortunately is a precursor of things to come.
Dank, dankity, dank -- that's how I would describe this lush Double IPA. Resin, pine and grapefruit rind aromas pour out of the glass with hints of mango and citrus. It seems as if Chinook and Simcoe hops had a love child.
A defined vanilla aroma marries with hints of sweet corn to create a cakelike character in the nose with absolutely no hint of hops. The absence of fruity esters suggests the possibility of cold conditioning or the use of a lager yeast.
A very nice version of the style that pours a lovely amber, copper color with a huge cream-colored head and fine bubbles that last forever. There is a big citrusy floral hop aroma with hints of toasty caramel malts and pleasant pear and apricot-.
An aroma that initially smells of sweet cream and light anise gives way to an earthy, lightly roasted malt profile with hints of chocolate. There is a hint of musk and sweat as it warms and no hop aroma to speak of. The beer is opaque with a.
A light lemon aroma jumps out of the glass and settles into a clean lactic profile with a supporting cast of doughy malt and earthy yeast undertones. The slightly hazy but attractive pale gold body supports a creamy, dense, white head that has.
Oranges, lemons and pine resin almost jump out of the glass and invite you to partake. Apricot and dried peach esters emerge with a noticeable alcohol presence. The grainy, toasty malt aromas come out of hiding after you acclimate to the citrus.
Intensified Coffee Porter is a collaboration between Brooklyn Brewery, El Salvadoran coffee growers, an East Coast coffee roaster and a Kentucky bourbon distillery. All of their efforts are evident in this monstrously large porter, clocking in at.
The beer pours a very inviting deep orange-amber color with a long-lasting tan head. The aroma is quite complex and consists of citrusy hops, tropical fruit, pineapple, light black pepper and grainy, bready maltiness.
The drinker is greeted with a strong, fresh and bright grapefruit citrus hop aroma with an underlying floral alcohol character. The grapefruit hop character continues into the flavor and is balanced by a light bready maltiness and a suggestion of.
The initial aroma is fruity with a hint of lemon, followed by a moderate herbal, spicy character. A light black pepper and bready maltiness evolves over time, offering balance and adding even more complexity to this beer.
This beer pours a nice amber color with a lasting, off-white head.
Nearly all of the IPAs in the market today are American-style, with huge expressions of a wide range of different hops in the aroma and flavor of the brew.
When you feel that first nip of fall in the air you know that Pumpkin Ale time is right around the corner!  Post Road Pumpkin Ale is a mild brew in most all respects, yet exemplifies the style quite well.
Shiner Black opens with an intense dark chocolate nose and hints of coffee and toast.
Pinner Throwback IPA has a pleasant blend of spicy, citrus and floral hop aromas and flavors surrounded by plenty of pale and toasty malts, yet has plenty of bittering hops to avoid being overly sweet. Aroma and flavor both have low levels of.
Very nice citrus and pine aromas spring from the glass along with with subtle hints of wood.
The first thing you get from the aroma is a wonderful bourbon barrel scent of vanilla and wood finished with nice malt sweetness. I didn't get any hop or roasted malt aromas in the nose, possibly because they were overwhelmed by the bourbon.
This dark brown beer's aroma was accentuated by roasted malts up front with no discernible hop character. The carbonation was fine with small, tight bubbles.
This beer pours a beautiful, crystal clear amber with a resilient off-white head that leaves nice lacing on the glass. The malt is at the forefront of the aroma with complex bready, nutty and toffee characters underneath.
A bready Pils-like malt dominates the aroma with light, peppery phenols and later unfolds with a hint of freshly cut cantaloupe. There is a light solvent note in the background that lingers but is overtaken by a stronger cantaloupe aroma as the.
Pouring a beautiful, crystal-clear golden, this ale firmly holds a tall white stand of foam. The aroma highlights traditional spicy and herbal noble hops but with a slight hint of a citrus character. Light bready malt complements the hop aroma.
The first impression of this brew is an intense bourbon aroma with an accompaniment of toasted oak and vanilla.
I have no doubt that there were good intentions and sound reasoning behind this beer, and it may find an audience, but I doubt it will work for most people. An overabundance of liquor-like aromas and flavors - and the unavoidable ash-like.
It's almost a cliché at this point to shake the pom-poms and cheer for an incredible Double IPA, but sometimes it's absolutely called-for. That's the case here: Blast! is one of the best IPAs I've ever had.
There will always be a market for clean, flavorful lagers, and beers like this one will always hoover up that market. There's not much to ding here and nowhere for faults to hide.
A big white fluffy head stands tall atop this hazy, light-orange beer. The foam dissipates rather quickly into a lingering creamy ring. White pepper and coriander combine with a light citric acid note that almost stings the nostrils.
I am presented with a very dark amber yet crystal clear beer with a low off-white head that dissipates quickly. The aroma is very rich and complex. It leads with a toasty malt backbone with layers of dark, dried fruit, clean ethanol perfume and .
This is a very clear light amber beer with a low white head. The aroma is that of a fairly clean lager beer that has nuances of toasted caramel and pilsner malts as well as flowery European hops.
A hazy, light, straw-colored beer sits before me with just a trace of white bubbles ringing the glass. The aroma is slightly spicy with hints of citrusy orange. As it warms, there is a distinct bready wheat aroma with the spice becoming more.
The English IPA isn’t too common of a style to come across in the USA. By the name, one might think it’s the same thing as the style we all know and love, but simply with an English flair. While at the core that is what it is, it’s really a whole.
The beer pours a dark amber with a slightly reddish hue. It has a well-formed light tan head with tight, compact bubbles. The head disappears within a minute, leaving a thin film on the beer's surface.
Rich malty and hoppy aromas mingle upfront in the nose, ascending from this beautiful red beer with small carbonated bubbles that linger on the glass. A malty sweetness coupled with caramel, burnt sugar and biscuity overtones slightly overwhelm .
You have to love this time of year. The nights start to get cooler, the leaves begin to change, and, most importantly, Oktoberfests begin coming out of the woodwork. Unfortunately, this easy-drinker could use a bit more work towards style.
This is a beautiful-looking, clean, easy-drinking ESB with plenty of toasty malt and just enough floral hops to balance it out and keep the beer from being too sweet.
This beer pours a very bright pale copper. It has a thin, off-white head that lingers on the edge of the glass.The aroma evinces mild perfume notes (rose) and various fruits (strawberry, pear). Also, a very subtle wood aroma is detectable,.
This beer pours a burnished gold with slight chill haze, pushing the light side for a Double IPA. The head is comprised of fine white bubbles, mostly lingering on the edge of the glass.
This beer features a slightly hazy, rich gold color. The head is a fine and persistent white lace.
This IPA features a potpourri of aromas: Notes of passion fruit and tangerines combine with piney and citrusy hop aromatics to pack a real punch to the nostrils. Golden in color with a very clear, medium-white head that laced the glass nicely. .
This beer pours a solid orangeish-gold hue with quite a bit of haze, which in an IPA usually suggests dry hopping. The head is off-white and lasts long enough to get a few sips in before it disappears. The aroma is stunningly bright and strong..
The initial whiff is of ham-like smokiness, quickly followed by bubblegum esters. Toasty/grainy malt with a trace of caramel is supported by a light presence of peppery phenols.
Session IPA is a relatively new style that is arguably still finding its way among brewers. I look for certain qualities in a good session IPA: drinkability, lower alcohol content, and assertive hop flavor and bitterness. This example pours clear.
American Lager gets a (somewhat deserved) bad rap among craft beer drinkers. Unfortunately, too many commercial examples lack flavor and are too watery. One would be justified to worry when initially seeing this beer with its golden yellow color.
This beer pours a mildly hazy gold with a full off-white head that lasts for just about the whole pint. The aroma is solidly in the hoppy camp -- as an IPA should be.
As expected, the nose is hop-forward -- fresh pine dominates the aroma with a background note of honeydew melon and a kiss of biscuity malt. The light melon and biscuit character create a layer of sweetness to the aroma.
A strong bread crust aroma with toasty elements of Vienna malt dominates the aroma. There is a light sulfur character that is volatile and dissipates quickly after the initial pour. Richness of melanoidins are evident but not overwhelming.
The newest year-round offering from Oskar Blues has a nice earthy hop aroma with soft vanilla notes and tropical hop flavors blended with a soft malt presence in the background.
This beer came forth a hazy orange in the glass, like dark orange candy corn. Immediately, big pine and grapefruit aromas leapt from the glass, carried aloft by a tight white head with lacy underpinnings. Hints of alcohol and passion fruit were.
Face it — American craft cream ales don’t get much respect. You never see anyone at the bar furiously logging into their favorite beer rating service to proclaim the greatness of a newly discovered American craft cream ale. It just doesn’t happen.
Southbound Brewing's Black Circle Double Cascadian Dark Ale is a well-balanced, approachable brew that should find fans even amongst those beer connoisseurs who do not prefer this particular style.
There is an aroma of rich malt, mostly caramel with toasted hints that may be from the wood. The beer has prevalent oaky wood aromas with whiskey barrel and vanilla overtones. Subtle tangerine hints from hops are lurking beneath the wood and malt.
This beer poured a very dark brown, near-black color with very nice carbonation and a solid, dark tan head. It had slightly burnt roasted malt aromas with no noticeable hops in the nose. The beer had a nice balance of roasted malts and hops that.
Double IPAs are hugely popular (and often have huge ABVs), but this wonderfully smooth and easy-drinking Double IPA manages to stand out from the pack. A huge bready malt aroma blended with apricot, earthy and floral hop aromas makes itself known.
A smooth, easy-drinking, and pristinely clean beer with hints of light chocolate and roasted malts.
An extremely nice American IPA. Pours with a fair amount of chill haze, but has a beautiful, tall white stand of foam. Wonderfully pungent citrusy hops upfront in the aroma are followed by a crisp, crackery, bready malt.
Yum! This IPA explodes out of the glass with huge citrus and tropical notes – grapefruit, orange, passionfruit, mango – with a touch of pine/resin at the back end of the aroma. There is a light, crackery, grainy malt character and a hint of light.
This IPA pours a toasty golden color with great clarity and a thick white head that sticks.
This pale ale pours an exceptionally clear, light golden color with a pure, white head and lasting lacing. The nose is pretty balanced between malt and hops. There is a light grainy malt character with a hint of toast that accompanies some.
The aroma is complex with elements of cinnamon, oak, vanilla, and ginger atop a bed of biscuity malt with a hint of bourbon in the background.
An aroma of spicy noble hops followed by mild floral notes greets you before the toasty and somewhat caramel-like malt breaks through. A very clean fermentation, and a bright golden color accentuate the streaming bubbles, which support a creamy.
“The west is the best,” or so say The Doors. Even if you don’t agree, this beer demonstrates that East Coast breweries are able to make great, west coast-style IPAs despite their geographic location. This beer pours a beautiful golden-yellow with.
A style with all of the subtleness of a tomahawk to the skull: Double IPA. But, for beer lovers and those who appreciate hop-derived goodness, this beer is a home run. 
Saison is a style that is open to a wide range of brewer interpretation, but this wine barrel-aged beer pushes those broad limits even further.
The only information that I was given about this beer was that it was a "medieval fruit beer" brewed with elderberries. The aroma started off with a malty sweetness with no hop presence in the nose.
This Pale Ale has a very interesting hop nose of sagebrush and wintergreen with subtle notes of straw and husk underneath. It pours a hazy, deep, golden hue and a rich white head with lots of bubbles, which leave nice lacing behind on the glass.
Holy Hophead! This beer is very hop-forward. American IPAs are typically more aggressively hopped than their British counterparts, and this beer is on the far end of the spectrum. In the nose I found orange peel and hopleaf, a little paper, and .
This is a balanced, nuanced yet still HUGE beer.
This Imperial Stout is deep, dark and almost black in the glass. Its brown head leaves no lacing but sticks to the glass, belying its strength. The slightly vegetal nose has aromas of coffee, warm toffee, alcohol and hints of caramel. Did I.
This beer pours into the glass with very little head despite copious bubbles. It has a slight cloudiness and is closer to amber than straw in color. In the nose, I picked up clove and banana, a slight green apple, a touch of goatiness, and maybe.
This is an incredibly big version of a pilsner. The nose has hints of grapefruit and sharp matchstick, which is totally appropriate for the style. You get a mouthful of hops before it even hits your lips.
A lot of brewers have gotten into the white IPA style lately, with a wide idea of what makes it "white." This Double White IPA embraces the concepts of a witbier with really nice results. The nose is full of grapefruit with some horseblanket.
When a Double IPA gets it right, it's easy to tell. This beer was a cinch. Its aroma begins with dank, sticky-sweet hop character that smells of fruity bubblegum, citrus, lavender, and perfume all at once. It's definitely boozy with a bit of.
This ale smells malty and rich right from the beginning. It has a moderate melanoidin and breadcrust character, with an aroma that resembles both freshly milled base malt and a bag of almonds.
Let me say up front that I loved this perfectly balanced yet complex American Sour Ale, but if you are looking for a sour, pumpkin pie-spiced beer you will be somewhat disappointed.
Newport Storm's RIèzes pours a deep amber with orange highlights accompanied by a small, fleeting, ivory head. Almost imperceptible legs hint at the strength that this brew contains.
Unleashing this hop nectar from the bottle reveals a golden amber beer with great clarity and a large, fluffy, off-white head that hangs around until the last drop.  The aroma leaves no doubt this is a double IPA; pine, burning rubber, lemon peel.
This beer evinces aromas of Meyer lemons, pine and toasty caramel malts. This beer pours a slightly hazy, clear light copper  with a nice white foam stand leaves lacing behind, then drops to a lingering ring of cream.
Belgian yeast character with white pepper phenolics are quickly usurped by an assertive blend of mace, nutmeg and cinnamon spices. After you work your way through the spice, some herbal and woody hop aromas emerge, though no esters or malt are.
This Session IPA pours a hazy, dark yellow color topped off by a massively thick head, which remained throughout the entirety of my sampling process. All sorts of dank, piney, grapefruit aromas burst from the glass, shaded by a touch of sweet.
The aroma of this beer is complex and intriguing; huge notes of toast, toffee and light chocolate combined with equally large notes of grapefruit and grassy hops are all laced together with a hint of strawberry esters.
Assertive grainy malt sweetness and bold citrus hops combine with some moderate pear esters for an inviting aroma. The appearance is a hazy gold -- likely from dry hopping -- with a dense, persistent, white head.
Roasted malts, coffee and bitter cocoa combine with some low-level earthy hop aromas and prune-like esters hide underneath it all. At first sight. this beer appears black and opaque but when held up to light, it is a deep ruby. A thick, tan head.
Grainy malt is joined by low-level toasty notes before the spicy hop character takes over.
The pale ale is as straightforward as the label on the bottle. Huge piney and floral hop aromas introduce the beer and are supported by light notes of bread and caramel.
A rich and complex aroma lead by bittersweet chocolate and roastiness followed by caramel and raisins envelops your nose from this opaque, black beer with a rocky, brown, persistent head.
Huge rich malt notes full of caramel, toast, and dark fruit explode off the aroma and are supported by earthy hop notes and wisps of vanilla and alcohol. It's a brilliantly clear, copper-colored beer with a persistent, rocky, head of beige.
The rocky, persistent white head of this beer throws off huge, delicious notes of lemon, orange peel, biscuit, black pepper and coriander. These notes persist through the flavor where the piney and citrusy hop-forward balance and dry finish.
This brilliantly clear, copper-colored beer with a tight, quickly dissipating white head has a caramel and toast aroma supported by moderate notes of corn and an inviting blend of both citrusy and floral hops.
The prominent stone fruit hop aroma, which evolves into candied peaches, is a welcome diversion from the classic citrus or resin hop character typically found in an American IPA. The appearance is also quite inviting, pouring a medium-copper.
When thinking of a fruit beer, most people expect a strong, dominant fruit character that can sometimes make you forget you are actually drinking a beer. This fruit beer greets you with a well-balanced fresh pineapple aroma that is supported by a.
The beer starts out with a prominent rich, bready, grainy wheat character in the aroma balanced by a moderate level of ripe banana, very light clove and a light citrus tartness. The flavor follows the aroma closely, and adds light mixed berry.
Well... you can definitely tell this was aged in a bourbon barrel. So if that's your thing you might really enjoy this beer. If it isn't...
Specialty beers often have a high-wire to walk. This one has three (wood aging, high alcohol, and spicing) and does a good job in two areas and a downright outstanding job on the third!  
Pouring orange with a thick white head, this beer’s aroma is heavily redolent of Belgian yeast with plenty of orange in the nose, and a bitter spiciness from rye, brewing spices and bittering hops. The promise of the aroma is fulfilled in the.
This double IPA starts off strong with a pronounced fruity, hoppy aroma (grapefruit and pineapple) and a beautiful orange color with a generous creamy white head.
Chocolate nib aromatics with a light roast character and hints of hazelnut fill the nose. The color is very dark, almost opaque, like a cola soft drink. Very little head is present, but a thin ring of light brown bubbles hugs the edge of the.
The aroma is intensely roasty and backed by a huge coffee smell. Vegetable and unroasted coffee aromatics indicate that there may be an infusion of green coffee beans in this beer. Chocolate nibs come through after a little warming in the glass.
The beer poured a beautifully clear straw color that featured very good carbonation and a hint of citrus in the aroma. There was no noticeable malt nor hop aromas, which is to be expected for the style. The flavor itself wasn't much like a beer,.
This American Strong Ale checks all the stylistic boxes. Its aroma consists of citrusy and resinous hops that contrast with lightly caramelly and bready malt. Also in the mix are stone fruit and ethanol aromas, with a touch of chocolate.
This Märzen smells bready, spicy, and very clean. It has a low malty richness and sweetness that become apparent as it warms.
A classic example of the style, Full Sail Amber ale is arguably the American Amber Ale's style archetype, garnering countless awards since it first came to market more than 20 years ago. Full Sail's flagship pours a deep, burnished copper with.
This beer pours a very pretty deep amber with a nice fluffy beige head that sticks around and produces a pleasant Belgian lacing on the sides of the glass. The first impression when raising this beer to your nose is of an orange grove -- a big.
Brewing an Imperial IPA is almost a requirement for breweries these days, but it's still nice to see one get it right and not create an IBU/ABV bomb! This one has a lot going for it -- it's complex without being over-the-top, and provides a solid.
This beer is a solid attempt at a Robust Porter, and doesn't give in to the temptation to overload it with hops to make it "big" enough to catch folks' attention.  
A so-so IPA doesn't cut it in the marketplace today, and this beer comes across as very one-note -- and not a great note at that.
Farmhouse ales tend to be relatively easy drinkers, but some really swing for the fences. This is one such Saison, and while the effort is commendable, the beer is sharply unbalanced and tough to drink.
There's nothing wrong with this beer, but there's really not much "right" with it either. It can best be described as "aggressively nondescript."
This American IPA features bright and fruity hop aromas, with lemon and orange taking center stage. A low ethanol aroma blends well. It pours a clear, deep gold with a solid, white head. This beer quickly switches gears, as the flavor is dry as a.
This Pale Ale's aroma consists of grapefruit and passion fruit at first, then takes on a familiar piney hoppiness. It is clear and copper-gold with a moderate off-white head. This beer's flavor manages to take on quite a different hop character.
This American IPA begins with classic piney and grassy hop aromas, which are predominant. Underneath is a very low, clean maltiness, followed by citrus fruit, peach, and red apple.
Upland Teddy Bear Kisses is a solid, full-flavored Imperial Stout that exemplifies the style quite well.
The White Cap is in the nascent White IPA style, a merging of the American IPA and the Belgian Wit styles, though this example is of "Session" strength.
The Oktoberfest style may not be the Oktoberfest you remember. For two decades now, German brewers have exported a historic version of Oktoberfest to the U.S. The bold, rich, malty, amber Oktoberfest you might remember – that I certainly remember.
Pouring a brilliantly clear gold with a nice poofy head of tiny ivory bubbles, the initial aroma is grassy with some pine notes, grapefruit, and a bit of bready character to hold up the substantial hops. The first sip brings piney and grassy hops.
Upon initial impression, the aroma exudes bourbon barrel-aging characteristics of prominent bourbon, toasted oak, and vanilla. Pumpkin spices build in intensity with each whiff, eventually matching and melding with the barrel characters along.
This beer pours a beautiful brilliantly clear orange-amber with a big, fluffy, cream-colored head of small bubbles that persists and leaves some Belgian lacing.
This American IPA has a predominately floral aroma with supporting citrus fruit notes. Underneath lies a moderately low wort-like maltiness. It pours a yellow-orange color, mostly clear, and has a one finger-sized white head with good retention. .
A nice interpretation of a well-hopped style. The beer pours brilliantly clear out of the can, and it's bright and bubbly. The nose is caramel and pine, with notes almost reminiscent of spruce sap. I can't quite tell, but I sense a fair bit of.
This beer pours a brilliantly clear dark blonde. It's very effervescent, and the bubbles go on and on and on. I get light bread in the nose up front, which is quickly overwhelmed by a grapefruit rind hop with notes of sawgrass and sage.
This Imperial Stout begins with rich chocolate and roasted, fruity malt aromas.
Traditional piney and citrusy hops make up the aroma of this Double IPA. Buried deep underneath are some sweet malt and grassy aromas. It's a hazy orange color with a tall, dense, off-white head. The flavor is dominated by a consistent bitterness.
This Sour Ale with cherry puree certainly has both of those elements in the aroma -- with lots of tart cherry providing a large sour note, providing a pleasant sweet and sour nose. In the glass, it’s a hazy light amber with a pinkish hue.
Brettanomyces used in place of conventional yeast, or in conjunction with conventional yeast, provides beer with a somewhat earthy, bitter, funky character.
There’s been some discussion on what the difference is between East Coast and West Coast IPAs, and it seems to be the balance between malt and hops in the East Coast versions and the hop dominance in the West Coast examples. This Double IPA.
How do you define a great American Blond Ale? A perfect one would be exceptionally clean and refreshing, but after that, not much can be said – that’s just the nature of the style.
What this beer is, more than anything else, is a good IPA. The normally citrusy hops in the beer become accentuated with the addition of grapefruit. The aroma is redolent of citrus and tropical fruits, and the hibiscus masks itself as a floral.
A big bready, wheat-like, sweet aroma backed by vanilla from the barrels and light cherry and apricot esters is found in the nose. There is some haze in an otherwise pale copper liquid with firm, small tan bubbles hugging the edge of the glass..
It’s rare that you see this much going on in a relatively light beer. There’s a fruity aroma that could be plum, but that’s such a light fruit that it would be hard to emphasize. There’s acetic sourness along with some supporting Brettanomyces.
This ale pours a very dark brown (near-black) with a light tan head that dissipates quickly, which is not surprising given the alcohol content. Upon taking the first whiff, you are immediately hit with a spiciness that brings to mind the aromas.
This ale pours from the can with a frothy and persistent off-white head that covers the hazy, dark brown nectar underneath. Chocolate malt jumps out in the nose, complemented by a toasty, nutty and slightly caramelly aroma.
New world hops at their finest are on display in this brew. None of the dank, high-alpha varietals are on hand, but rather a tropical fruit punch medley of aromatics highlighting mango, pink grapefruit and tangerine, combine with apricot and a.
Peanut Butter Porters are the cousin of the now-ubiquitous pumpkin spice beers
In the overcrowded IPA realm, a beer needs to have something special to get noticed. For Shiner’s new addition to its portfolio, Wicked Ram IPA, this manifests itself in being more English than American with a maltier backbone alongside herbal.
Pours a fairly thick and viscous hazy, light copper and struggles to create any head beyond a thin, light tan layer of tiny bubbles that has very little retention – possibly from the high alcohol content. Initial aroma is very light sweet.
An interesting twist on the seasonal pumpkin beer, Flying Dog mashes pumpkin into an IPA with this brew. In respect to pumpkin beers, this one hits the nail on the head. Everything "pumpkin" about this beer – the sweet roasted pumpkin, caramel,.
When evaluating a beer like this, a judge needs to look at two things: the quality of the base style (in this case an American Strong Ale) and how the added ingredient(s) are expressed in the beer.
This beer has an enticing aroma of citrus hops and sweet pleasant malt behind with mild pear-like esters leading into pleasant flavors of citrus hopping and lightly toasted sweet malt.
This beer features a pleasant, grainy aroma that jumps out at you, followed by hints of roastiness, chocolate and minor hints of hops. A pleasantly dry roasted malt flavor finishes out the flavor with just a touch of light hopping.
This is a delightful amber lager with a huge fresh hop aroma – as though the hops came straight from the vine – with a soft toasty malt aroma behind, enticing you to take a sip. It has a crisp, clean, toasty malt backbone blended with an earthy.
This Double IPA pours a slightly hazy, deep gold with a moderate head of persistent, tiny, cream-colored bubbles – looks very inviting!
A beautiful, brilliantly clear amber with a medium-sized head of tiny beige bubbles leaving a little Belgian lacing as the beer goes down. Aroma is more pumpkin pie spice than pumpkin, but some actual pumpkin notes seem to be there too.
A large, almost-white, fluffy head of tiny bubbles fades to a finger of head on top of a slightly hazy, light gold liquid. The aroma brings both orange character as well as a complex array of grainy bread crust, light floral, and bubblegum with.
This beer pours a brilliantly clear, light yellowish straw color with a small head of fine white bubbles. As typical for this style, the head retention is low.
A key to an impressive Double IPA is providing the requisite hop-centric experience to the drinker, all while maintaining a desirable level of drinkability.
Today’s beer pours forth a medium straw color with a white puffy head that dangled in the glass throughout sampling.
A firm citrus fruit hop aroma comes through cleanly to greet the nose and is accompanied by piney notes and a hint of grainy malts. This is a clear amber ale with a medium white, finely beaded head that keeps on coming.
A chocolate bar fragrance emerged upon first pour accompanied by an alcoholic warmth along with faint traces of fruity esters, creating a unique bouquet of aromas. This beer was very dark brown in color and opaque with a medium khaki-colored head.
An Imperial Stout with a new twist. The bouquet had a variety of different aromas, none of which prevailed. A mixture of spices was apparent accompanied by notes of pumpkin pie more than actual pumpkin, which melded together with chocolate and.
This American Porter produced a clean chocolate malt aroma that was somewhat subdued. Coffee notes were accompanied by hints of vanilla and only a faint wisp of hops, which were more earthy than floral. This beer was a deep mahogany in color, was.
A bright, citrus-forward aroma invoking oranges and tangerines is softened by hints of apricot and white peach as it warms. A bready, somewhat husky aroma emerges from underneath the hops and supports them with a light sweetness.
A very sweet, jammy aroma is somewhat muddled but a strawberry note that seems to rise above everything else. There is no hop aroma to speak of and an underlying pie-crust malt aroma insinuates a summer dessert beer.
An inviting cornucopia of hops jumps out of the glass with profound complexity: freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, earthiness comprised of grassiness and onions, and a hint of cannabis. There is a background note of sweet biscuit malt but it.
This is a specialty beer for sure!
The color of the beer is a medium brown, with good clarity. It poured a low off-white head, which dissipated fairly quickly. The aroma was rich with malt aromas, mostly of toasty caramel, a little nuttiness and a slight chocolate aroma. The hop.
The beer pours a dark amber color with very good clarity. It may be a touch too dark for an IPA, but color is a very minor issue. The head was light tan, with loose, large bubbles that weren't long-lasting but never dissipated either.
The beer had hints of roasty notes of coffee and no hop presence along with a very dark brown/black color with very little carbonation. The beer had light roasted malts that had subtle hints of coffee-like flavors along with bittering hops.
Surprisingly for a Double IPA the hop aroma was fairly restrained. For this style of beer, I was expecting a very prominent and intense hop aroma, but instead, it was somewhat subdued. The beer had a lovely copper color with very good carbonation.
You either love or loathe pumpkin beer season – there’s no in-between. Unfortunately for this beer, I’m of the latter. I’m not sure when most pumpkin beers became straight spice beers, but I wish they’d be as they sound: A beer with some actual.
This beer pours a beautiful deep golden color with a light amber hue, great clarity and a low, off-white head. A pungent nose emanates from the glass, but it’s the imperial part of this Triple IPA that is most prominent.
This beer pours pitch black in color, almost opaque, with a finely beaded tan head. The first impression reveals a potent roasted barley character more reminiscent of a stout with complementing dark chocolate and espresso.
Intense hops abound with prototypical American IPA “C hops” leading the way, evincing aromas of resins, citrus, and piney hop character. The moderate-strong hops are supported by a background of light bready malt before all balance gives way to.
The initial aroma fails to scream “IPA” with moderate-light aromas of floral, herbal, and apricot hops. The lower-than-expected hop intensity and character follow through to the flavor along with a light body and light malt character with an.
This beer pours a crystal clear, golden color supporting a finely beaded, resilient, white head. The aroma is a menagerie of hop flavors: floral, orange, apricot, resin and tropical fruit.
Wow! A strong Belgian-style beer in tallboy cans – what a wonderful world it is that we live in! This crystal clear, golden ale starts with a prominent bready maltiness with a background of pear and melon esters and white pepper phenolics.
This beer pours an opaque black with an aroma of complex chocolate, roasted, and toasted malt character with a complementing cinnamon, vanilla, and a very coconut-like bourbon.
This canned beer pours pitch black and opaque with a small, splotchy brown head. Dark malt aromas dominate with chocolate, roasted, and toasted characters and a hint of complementing vanilla.
This opaque, jet black beer begins with prominent roasted, chocolate, and burnt dark malt characters with a supporting toasted malt.
Upland Dantalion Dark Wild Ale is a well-crafted American Sour that has the potential to improve with age.
Hop Rising Double IPA is a good effort, though it is lacking in certain aspects that would make it great. The aroma has a light to moderate level of woody and citrus hop aroma with a touch of background spiciness.
Upland Harvest Ale is a very dank brew. The aroma has strong dank notes dominated by a Simcoe-like hop character. A few fruity esters are noted, as is a light grassiness presumably from the wet-hopping used in this brew.
Takeout Rye IPA is a well-crafted example of a mild rye-based ale, but is a bit too subtle to be considered a truly exemplary Rye IPA.
Full Suspension Pale Ale is a bit of a misnomer – not so much a traditional American Pale Ale, but more of what you could call an American Best Bitter due to the hop flavor impact in a quite small beer being similar to what you’d see in an.
Revolution's Unsessionable IPA makes its presence known even before opening the can. The bold graphics and claims of massive hop impact on the can almost taunt you into popping it open. Once you do, there is an immediate explosion of fresh and.
Today’s sample is a delightfully intense hop-forward American Pale Ale, one that easily satisfies with its earthy and floral, yet rustic, flavor and aroma. It lacks some of the characteristic bitterness typical of the style, but is still a fun.
Session IPAs are all the rage today, and make wonderful additions to many brewery’s lineups, one that marries the joy of American-derived hops with the sensibilities of English session ales.
This beer poured black with a thick tan head with adequate retention. The aroma, however, was fairly neutral even after warming, with only a slightly dark and base malt nose.
This dry-hopped American Pale Ale begins with paired fruity and floral hop aromas. They're unusually distinct and separable, but fresh. This beer tastes predominantly hoppy, containing fruity flavors that have a tropical element.
Subtle spicing is the theme of this Christmas Ale. Behind nutty, toffee, and chocolate aromas lies a pleasant dose of something herbal and spicy. A low phenol, slightly clove-like, comes out as it warms. This beer looks as it should: dark reddish.
This American IPA starts off with a distinctly fruity ester aroma – primarily raspberry – and low citrus rind from hops. Underneath is a toasted malt character and stone fruit aromas. It pours a very clear, orange-copper color and carries a full.
Southbound Brewing Co’s. Picture of Nectar could either be considered a big Fruit Beer with very assertive, dank hopping, or as a Double IPA with fruit. Either way, it's a Specialty beer, and it is also quite special.
Opening up an artfully designed can reveals a golden-amber, perfectly clear beer with a frothy, off-white head that hangs around until the last sip. The aroma is all hops: strong pine, resin, and grapefruit. As it warms up, a hint of caramel.
This beer is a welcome diversion from the typical citrus bomb Northwest-style IPA. The prominent hop character is a fresh and bright tropical fruit cocktail coupled with candied peaches and suggestions of pineapple.
The aroma greets you with a moderate level of bittersweet chocolate, light roast, and a light breadiness from the base malt followed by a light herbal hop aroma. As the beer warms, a suggestion of berries and caramel emerge.
A rich and complex malt-driven beer with strong bread crusts, toast, nuttiness and a light caramel character. The malt-derived plum and dark cherry aromas provide a pleasant background support to the malt and light floral alcohol aroma.
This beer pours a gorgeous deep brown with burgundy highlights and a thick tan head that seems to last forever. The aroma is creamy milk chocolate with supporting roasted malt, herbal hops and a low level of mixed berries.
The aroma greets the drinker with moderate pumpkin pie spices of clove, cinnamon and nutmeg that dominate. The stout characteristics take a backseat to the spices with a suggestion of coffee, chocolate and very light bready base malt.
The initial aroma is a prominent cold-brewed medium roast coffee, with light roasted malt, caramel, and a suggestion of herbal hops emerging as it warms.
The aroma is an explosion of stone fruit and tropical fruit that is tempered by a bready, biscuity maltiness. A light orange citrus character emerges as it warms, along with a light spicy hop aroma and a suggestion of black pepper.
The drinker is greeted with a strong tropical fruit cocktail hop aroma with pineapple slipping through as the dominant force along with a light resiny character. The hop aroma is fresh and bright. A light bready maltiness emerges in a supporting.
A fairly complex Double IPA that pours a deep copper color with ruby highlights and a long-lasting tan head. The aroma greets the drinker with a prominent stone fruit hop aroma with hints of pineapple and a subtle bready and toasty maltiness with.
A lingering sulfur aroma greets the drinker initially, but eventually it fades to allow a light grainy maltiness and floral hop aroma to shine through. The flavor follows the aroma with a grainy, bready malt character balanced by a fresh, floral.
A very evident raspberry aroma, mostly from the flesh of the fruit, and a pithy quality that comes across as slightly woody is first noted in this Wood-Aged Beer.
A pleasant, hop-heavy aroma emerges from the glass with bright tones of honeydew melon and cantaloupe. Although the aroma lacks hop complexity, it does a great job of whetting the appetite with a decidedly fresh hop oil-laden aroma.
Upland Malefactor is a monster of an American Sour! This brew, promoted as an “Epic Flanders Style Red Ale," delivers quite the impact to the senses in all aspects, delivering a memorable and epic experience indeed.
Upland’s Bad Elmer’s Porter is an approachable example of an American Porter with a few minor problems. This brown-black brew with a medium cream-colored stand of head and moderate carbonation has an aroma of black malt sharpness with a.
The opaque black body of the Lunatic Imperial Stout is crowned with a persistent head of tiny brown bubbles and an inviting aroma of rich dark coffee roast and chocolate oranges. No burnt notes, caramel, or fruity esters in the aroma.
This beer has an opaque, dark brown body with bright, sparkling ruby gem highlights capped with a dense, persistent beige head of tiny bubbles. Its aroma is filled with freshly percolated coffee, dark chocolate, and brown malt followed by very.
Hinterland Grand Cru is a very fun beer. It amplifies the caramel notes you'd expect in a Belgian Strong into something bigger, bolder and more complex. The low, dense, persistent, beige head is supported by a brilliantly clear copper body.
Think "Grapefruit Radler on steroids" and you’ll have a good idea of what to expect from this beer. Bold, yet refreshing, the tangy, fresh grapefruit combines with American hops for a citrus explosion, but the malt sweetness keeps things just.
Altbiers are generally fermented with ale yeast at cooler temperatures, giving you a cleaner fermentation than most ales require. The stronger version of the altbier style pours a clear, deep, nearly brown amber.
This unabashedly complex beer was presented as a Specialty Wood-Aged Mixed-Style Beer: a Belgian Tripel and Double IPA aged with Brett in red wine barrels. A very ambitious order to fill, but this beer does so in spades.
This Pumpkin Ale looks right-on for the style – clear, amber and with a thick, sustained, white head. The nose combines pumpkin, without the vegetal off-aromas, with a nuanced blend of pumpkin pie spices, especially the darker and earthier clove.
This beer poured clear orange with a thick white head that held steady until late in the tasting. The aroma was hop-forward with floral notes backed by a solid malt base. The taste too featured both significant maltiness from base and caramel.
This was billed as a Triple IPA, a relatively uncommon style bridging the gap between a Double IPA and an American Barleywine. This particular example does so with distinction. The aroma is full of piney and citrusy hop notes on top of a full (.
This beer poured clear orange with a thick white head that dissipated quickly. The initial and persistent aroma was bitterly hoppy without any floral or fruity elements.
This beer poured clear and light brown with a very thick white head that was present throughout tasting. The nose was both fruity and mildly sour, the latter from the cherry varietal rather than wild yeast or bacteria.
This English Old Ale poured a clear, dark reddish-brown with a moderately creamy head that dissipated fairly quickly.
The beer pours straw yellow in color with noticeable haziness and a creamy white head. The malt presents as grainy and doughy with a bit of a minerally kick to it. There are some apple esters with a hint of pear that marries with a light floral.
A billowing cloud of hop essence hits you right as the beer is poured. Heavy grapefruit, ripe orange, pineapple, guava and a wisp of pine fill the air. Way underneath all that is a slight bready malt component and a touch of caramel.
This example of an APA is a divergence from the traditional American Pale Ale. Typically you expect to see a bright citrus hop aroma and flavor with a noticeable yet pleasant bitterness.
Note – This beer was shipped in a vacuum-insulated growler. More on this later.
Roasted coffee beans with a note of espresso and a touch of dark chocolate should hit you once the beer is poured. This is followed by some supporting caramel notes and a moderate malt character of bread, toast and biscuit.
Pouring reddish-orange with brilliant clarity, this beer offers an incredibly complex aroma chock-full of caramel, toffee, oak and bourbon. There are hints of cocoa with a touch of dried figs and a subtle, spicy and soft alcohol note.
Brettanomyces, or Brett for short, is a yeast that imparts a funky and fruity character to beer as well as attenuates more highly than traditional brewers yeast. Acidic and lactic aromas dominate this Brett Beer at first, followed by a pleasant.
This beer features lots of complexity in the aroma: cookie dough, vanilla, wood, slight caramel, slight chocolate, nuttiness, some roast, and a bit of orange all make an appearance.
This beer has a wonderful aroma of spicy Belgian phenolics with light toasty malt blended in along with some pleasant raisin-like esters. There is no discernible hop aroma. The flavor matches the aroma well, although the alcohol jumps out and is.
This beer starts off with a huge chocolate aroma with a pleasant level of coconut blended in with the aroma and flavor. This is smoothly balanced with a hint of rye malt in the background giving a graham cracker perception that is quite wonderful.
This beer has a huge earthy and citrusy hop aroma with a hint of crackery malt behind, which leads into a very pleasant blend of earthy hops and crackery malt lingering into a crisp bitterness in the finish. The fermentation esters give hints of.
This beer has a wonderful pale malt aroma with touches of light floral hops and just a hint of DMS for complexity.
Sporting brilliant clarity and a beautiful, light copper color, Holidale 2015 also features a nice, large head of tiny, light tan bubbles that looks very inviting. The initial aroma is fairly light with bready, floral notes and just a slight hint.
Pours a pretty, clear, very dark mahogany with a large tan head of tiny bubbles that hangs around for a long time and leaves a nice Belgian lace on the glass. Initial aromatic notes of hot cocoa and coffee outline a substantial medium-full body.
Session IPAs are a curious (and, some would say, difficult) balance of aggressive hopping and lighter malts/lower ABVs, and they can come across, to some, as overly bitter hop water.
This beer had good malt and yeast development in the aroma that included wheat, straw, leather and a slight aspirin-like scent. Subtle esters are lurking in the background, but are not very distinguishable over the fermentation characteristics..
Double IPAs are a study in extremes, but too many fizzle out on the palate for lack of character or balance. This one is OK, but that's it – just OK. It stops short of “failing,” but it doesn’t quite succeed either.
Oh, IPAs – so many out there; so hard to make them stand out. This is an example of another “pretty good” IPA – it has nothing particularly memorable about it, but it’s certainly a fine beer. The beer pours medium-gold in color with a slight haze.
Well… if you like rye flavors, you’ll love this beer. If you don’t, steer clear! This is one of those beers that exemplifies some special or atypical ingredient, which makes for an interesting (if not always pleasant) experience. But it’s totally.
This is a world-class Flanders Red despite hailing from the American Midwest. Sours can be challenging, and the Flanders Red particularly so given the kind of balance drinkers expect between fruit, acid and malt, but this one nails it. The beer.
While Gose may be a bit of a trend, there’s no doubting the staying power of sour beers as an “advanced” beer drinker’s choice – and any sour beer fan would be happy with this one. However, many would also rightly note that this is much more sour.
This straightforward, old-school American IPA contains citrus and piney hop aromas. It pours a clear gold color with a solid white head. Hops dominate the taste, with pine and resin flavors leading the charge. Malt provides a solid backbone, but.
This beer's aroma reminds me of a pine forest – moss and earthy with hints of orange peel and light esters. It pours with a slight haze, copious bubbles and a rich white head. Upon taking a sip, you get a nice hop experience that's not too malty.
I have to admit, my friend (and accomplished brewer) Pete Devaris and I thought we were done reviewing Deschutes beers when we realized we had another beer in the box.
The nose has a sharp matchstick and corn quality. There's a light spice to the hop aroma, as well as light malt sweetness. It's dark gold with a rocky white head and big bubbles that leave nice lacing in the glass.
Burnt umber in color and dark as night, this beer pours a big, rich head that lasts. The nose is rich, with toffee and molasses overpowering any hop or other malt notes. It's warm and rich, though not too strong to enjoy.
This Amber Ale has a sweet, rich caramel aroma supported by a lightly grainy and dusty malt undertone. True to style, it features a  clear, amber color with a low, off-white head that dissipates after only a few moments.
Fruity aromas are dominant initially in this American IPA, seeming to come from both hops and esters, of which apricot and peach are most noticeable. These aromas fade quickly, though, into moderate resinous and berry aromas. It pours a very.
This Double IPA explodes with dense, citrusy hop aromas along with noticeable alcohol aromas. It is gold-colored and hazy with a wispy white head that rouses very well. The flavor contains citrus peel, grapefruit and hop resin with a sturdy and .
Milk stouts are sweeter than their Irish and American brethren, often resulting from a combination of lactose additions and lower hopping rates. This example smells pleasantly sweet and roasty – like coffee or cream.
Due to its artisanal origin, Saison is often mistakenly thought of as a freewheeling, anything-goes kind of beer. Granted, it is a hard style to pin down, but Saison does have some hard and fast rules: They should always be fruity, spicy, bitter.
This version of an American Brown Ale does not disappoint. Upfront, there are moderate caramel and light toffee characters that cap off a noticeably biscuity and slightly crackery malt nose. A light nuttiness rounds out an earthy hop quality.
This beer's aroma consists of bitter chocolate, roasted malts, coffee, some toffee and a fleeting whiff of peanut butter. All are joined by a boozy alcohol character. The flavor follows through with a big alcohol presence that is not hot or fusel.
A host of aromas issue forth upon initial pour. Chocolate fudge notes marry with vanilla and roasted grains and are mixed with a defined alcoholic warmth. Whiskey barrel aromatics were also noted, though they were more subtly stated.
This hazy, peach-colored Double IPA with a medium-white head delivered a very distinct passion fruit aroma with notes of overripe tangerines and just a wisp of citrus.
The aroma for this beer includes lightly burnt roasted malts and no discernible hops, which is fine for this style, though I don’t detect any sort of spices indicated with this beer either (cinnamon, nutmeg nor chocolate). The beer poured a dark.
The beer had a very profound aroma of pine resin in the nose (along with secondary floral notes) due to the overwhelming use of hops. The beer poured a crystal clear copper color. The creamy carbonation was nice along with good head retention.
This beer had a really nice, clear copper color and a large, foamy head. My first sniff of the beer exposed a nice malty sweetness and not much hop presence – something that I was expecting from a Double IPA.
A bit of history on this beer: in Victorian England, pubgoers would eat oysters on the half-shell with their favorite (favourite) beer. How this evolved from eating oysters with beer to having oysters/oyster shells actually in the beer is murky .
The aroma of hops in this beer wasn’t very profound or strong, but rather muted when compared to other Double IPAs. I still detected hints of pine and resin aromas in the nose. The beer had a light copper color that was somewhat hazy and featured.
This APA opens with a smack in the face of grapefruit, pine and resin. Moderate caramel and heavily browned bread attempt to help support the intense hop aroma.
Immediately an intense herbal, spicy, grassy aroma assaults your senses with subtle rye undertones. A clean fermentation evinces no fruit production nor phenols. This beer pours a deep amber color with a tall, lingering, ivory head that never.
To properly pull off a Belgian Pale Ale – a combination of hops-, malt-, and fermentation-derived flavors – the brewer needs to blend a combination of knowledge, skill, and artistry. Bronx Brewery’s Belgian Pale Ale does this remarkably well.
Medium-high coconut aromas deftly mingle with dark chocolate and earthy coffee. Very light flowery hops and a bready caramel malt backbone round out the clean aroma. It’s all about the roast and coconut in this beer.
Upland’s Barrel Chested Barleywine is a big exuberant brew that isn’t afraid to make its presence known.
Upland’s Easy Chair Amber Ale is an example of a subtle, well-balanced brew. However, by having that subtleness and balance, it lacks aroma or flavor characteristics that jump out to allow this brew to stand out amongst its peers.
Bourbon barrels are something of a mixed blessing in beer. When breweries get it right, they add notes that are tough to get from any other source; when they get it wrong, you end up with a woody, alcoholic mess. This one gets it very right.
It’s hard to know what to expect out of a Belgian Quad, but whatever your definition, this beer will probably satisfy it!
If you like sour flavors, this beer is for you. However, if you like complexity in your sour beers, you’ll find this beer wanting. It pours a deep coral color that's reminiscent of a rosé wine. Its very spritzy, with a low, fast-fading head.
This pale, orange-colored ale was slightly cloudy and supported a medium-white head that held up nicely. Lots of fresh hop aromas are manifest here. Most prevalent are the citrus fruit and pine resin fragrances, which are accompanied by a Caramel.
This is the first gluten-free beer I’ve had in years; the last one I had did not taste at all like beer, but this brew does indeed taste like malt, hops and yeast, which is probably a refreshing change for those seeking a gluten-free beer.
Refreshing, balanced aromas of warm, baked vanilla shortbread pair with candied ginger, which smells as if it were freshly zested. The beer is a bright, clear, golden-amber color with a creamy, well-retained, off-white head.  The flavors evolve.
Even from four feet away, I could already smell the pleasing aroma of this beer – an intense mélange of milk chocolate, vanilla, marshmallow, freshly milled oats, cocoa powder and smooth, roasted coffee beans. The appearance is pitch-brown in.
Southbound Brewing Company’s Moondance is another one of the brewery's creative and interesting specialty beer offerings. There have been Belgian takes on a wide range of traditional beer styles by many breweries over the past few years; in this.
Southbound Brewing Company’s Rockin' Chair is an interpretation of a Double British Brown ale, a style that is quite difficult to find commercially.  
Southbound Brewing Company’s Moonlight Drive is an Imperial Coffee Stout, according to the label. Imperial and Coffee, in that order, are the key words here.    
Smuttlabs Chestnut Saison is a hazy, pale, orange-colored ale with light conditioning and an off-white head, which was somewhat understated. Spicy yeast notes are evident in the bouquet as well as some citrusy and spicy notes and a hint of .
This is a very different approach to a Berliner Weisse; it features a distinct peach aroma followed by a light smokiness and a firm tart character. It is pale straw in color and hazy with low head retention, which is not unusual for beers of this.
Dark caramel candy combines with some cinnamon spice notes in the aroma. Roasted malt, coffee, and a little molasses make a showing as the beer warms. Deep brown in color with garnet hues, this beer is topped with a creamy tan head. Belgian lace.
A complex combination of chocolate aromas – ranging from coffee, roasted, bittersweet and dry cocoa. The chocolate comes through in the flavor as well, along with some deep caramel, a little bready malt and a faint hint of licorice in the finish.
This beer is grainy with a slight malty sweetness followed by a hint of caramel mid-palate. Some spicy hops combine with the malt in a near perfect balance.
For a chocolate cherry imperial stout, this beer lacks the complexity and pizzazz one would expect it to have. Both cherry and chocolate are there, but only enough to slightly enhance the normal character of an imperial stout.
Doppelbocks are a strong, rich and very malty German lager.
I poured this obsidian-colored stout into my standard Belgian snifter and let it sit for a few minutes to warm towards room temperature. Surprisingly, I recognized its bourbon aroma from across the room while preparing my review notepad for use.
This beer pours a dark brown to black color, with high viscosity and a slight, tan-colored head that does not linger for long. Strong aromas of coffee, roasted barley, chocolate, cocoa nibs and rich, sweet malt hit you in the nose. Some dark.
Wow. Great Divide really parked this one. Not only is this beer a technical masterpiece with virtually no detectable flaws, it brings together a lot of unruly elements (oak, coffee, high alcohol, intense roast) and makes them all play well.
Lots of breweries chase that elusive goal: that wonderful, delicate, flavorful, and drinkable Belgian-style Tripel, but most miss to some greater or lesser degree. This is a good beer, but it too doesn't quite hit the mark.
The beer pours a hazy deep amber with a large poofy head of small beige bubbles that leaves some Belgian lacing behind. The initial aroma is of a grainy breadiness – similar to a Pilsner malt. Hop aromas abound – earthy, grassy, floral and a nice.
This slightly hazy, deep amber-colored beer with a moderately large head of tiny, light-tan bubbles has a head that retains well and fades slowly, leaving some nice Belgian lace on the glass.
Upland’s Komodo Dragonfly is an impressive example of a very drinkable Black IPA. A massive hit of dank hop character (presumably Simcoe) greets you upon opening the bottle, and this hop character explodes from the glass upon pouring.
Upland’s Stoaked is promoted as an Oak-aged Belgian Quadrupel. While the Quad character is quite evident, the wood notes that would be expected from beers of this style are quite subtle.
The very approachable and non-threatening aroma features moderate orange-y citrus hop character, and some low notes of fresh, zesty tangerine are noticeable. The malt aroma is slightly sweet with a just a touch of caramel aroma. The color is.
This appropriately red Red IPA pours very clear with an off-white head; this is a very pretty beer. It smells hoppy, bready and clean. The hop aromas are piney and earthy – a very West Coast feel. This beer's flavor is similar but with a marked.
While many 100 percent Brettanomyces-fermentation beers produce interesting yeast-driven complexity, the aroma of this beer is very one-dimensional: more "stank" than "funk." There is a pronounced white grape aroma with a bit of acetone (nail.
A strong whiskey nose is complemented by elements of roasted grain and dark chocolate. There is no perceptible chili presence in the aroma, but the barrel gives it enough complexity to keep you coming back for further evaluation.
Charred oak barrel and bourbon waft out of the glass with a hint of vanilla as it warms.
A big chocolate malt nose jumps out of the glass and is supported by a rich biscuit backbone. The aroma is all malt with no hops or esters to speak of. The clean yeast profile allows the malt to shine, and a subtle presence of dark fruit emerges.
The bomber bottle warns of a “massive” and “complex” opaque black ale with a huge dark brown head, and that's exactly the experience it delivers. The aroma is strong roasted chocolate and treacle with a light vanilla and a warm, toasted oak.
This opaque black ale starts with an aroma of very strong roasted coffee and dark chocolate malts that surpass most Imperial Stouts in strength and complexity. Rich, dark caramel, treacle, molasses, and dried fruit complement the dark malt.
When you hear the words "Hop Slam" the immediate expectation is of a brew with an overwhelming and one-dimensional hop character assault on the senses. In fact, while there is solid hop presence in this beer, it offers much more – delivering a.
The aroma begins with rich, milk chocolate, ground cinnamon, warm iron and warm raisin oatmeal cookie characteristics, then it warms to show low-roasted game on a charcoal fire and balsamic vinegar.
This beer poured clear and pale gold with a very thick white head, which was present throughout the taste (as expected of a beer with nitrogenation). The nose was relatively mild, featuring wheat malt primarily.
This beer poured clear and gold with a relatively thin white head. The aroma emphasized wheat malt, mild yeastiness and light spices (e.g. white pepper).
This beer poured a clear orange color with a thick, white head and emanating a complex aroma redolent of fruity esters, malt sweetness and hops.
This Pilsner starts slightly muted with low floral hop and spicy hop aromas alongside some low rose esters. Medium-low notes of crackery pils malt are in support. As the beer warms, a whiff of sulfur emerges.
The beer pours a clear brown color that shows deep ruby highlights when held up to light. The head is well-formed, tan and long-lasting compared to most dopplebocks I’ve had in the past.
This beer pours a cloudy peach color with a lingering white head, and the drinker is immediately greeted with a prominent, fresh, grapefruit juice aroma with a background hint of rind. Following that citrus explosion is enough bready malt to.
As I cracked this brew open, I was startled at the amount of fizz released from the cap since bourbon-aged beers usually exhibit somewhat sluggish carbonation levels.
“Dark as a stormy night with a sweet kiss of chocolate bourbon;" that’s the phrase that kept going through my mind as I sipped on this luscious stout. This brew poured mighty dark, and I coaxed a nice, tightly formed head into my snifter, which.
Pours with a big poofy head of light tan bubbles that hangs around for a long time, and leaves slight Belgian lacing. The color is a very pretty, deep reddish-copper, and the beer is very clear.
Off the pour, this beer is crystal clear and deep gold in color with a quickly fading, frothy white head. In the aroma I get a moderate amount of biscuity malt a light malty sweetness.
The "session" style is a nice alternative to the hop and alcohol bombs that many breweries seem to be throwing around these days. A beer that's lighter in alcohol has its own challenges, too: Lower alcohol means less goods there to mask flaws and.
This beer has a nose rich with cocoa and goat cheese with just a hint of molasses, and mild floral hop notes also peek through. It's opaque with a dark brown head that quickly vanishes despite high carbonation.
The beer pours a crystal clear gold, with some loose bubbles bouncing in the white head. It’s a very pretty and approachable beer. In the aroma I get a little honey-like malt, very low citrusy hops and not much else. I have to swirl the glass.
This beer pours a very dark brown color with dark orange hues on the side of the glass. The head is tan-colored with a low, foamy texture and moderately low retention. Upon bringing the glass to the nose, a moderately low aroma of malt with dark.
This holiday beer pours a deep amber color with perfect clarity and only a hint of a head. A very woody nose on this beer leaves no doubt that it spent a significant amount of time in an oak barrel. Strong notes of vanilla mix in with dark fruits.
Hops dominate the aroma with a big citrusy, primarily grapefruit, nose backed by some earthiness and spice. The hops are slightly dank and grassy, but not at all unpleasant. Malts contribute to the nose also, mostly as a sweet aroma with a hint.
The aroma in this beer is an almost equal blend of caramel malts and grassy and floral hops. Some mild fruit esters are detectable as well. The color is a pale copper with slight haze and a light, white head primarily on the edges of the glass..
This Baltic Porter has a very pleasant and complex aroma that includes floral hops, mild stone fruit aromatics, rich chocolaty malt, hints of burnt roast and a touch of vanilla. A very slight alcohol aroma can also be detected.
There is a bold herbal, earthy and spicy hop aroma in this beer. The hops are slightly floral with a slight pungency, but not minty or citrusy or anything undesired. The malt is sweet with a touch of bready doughiness.
This brilliantly clear, deep golden beer displays a frothy, cream-colored head of tiny bubbles that is very inviting. The aroma is fairly complex with grainy bread dough, a touch of clover honey, some interesting lemon and melon hops, and as.
Pours almost black as night, but if you put it up to a strong light, it's a beautifully clear reddish, very deep brown. A big tan head of tiny bubbles lasts for a long time and leaves some splotchy Belgian lacing on the sides of the glass.
This beer had one of the nicest aromas I've put my nose into in quite a while, which made the come-down in the flavor all the more disappointing.  
Imperial Stout can be a little like the big guy on the football team who's really just a Teddy Bear. Sure, it seems big and threatening but underneath it's sweet and approachable. Sadly, that's not what we get here. Here, it's just a bear. Like,.
At its best, the Czech Pilsner style is a real delight. One reason that many brewers don't brew one is because of the time involved and the technical challenges of making a delicate light lager.
Moderate lactic and buttery aromas rise from this American Wild Ale.  It takes on a background character that is damp and earthy as it warms. This beer pours an opaque orange color, though there is no visible sediment.
The beer poured a solid, deep amber color with excellent clarity and a short-lived, loose, off-white head. For a barleywine, the overall malt aroma was very low; the normally rich and intense caramelly malt presence of barleywines was just not.
This beer pours a brilliant, deep gold color with a large, cream-colored head of tiny bubbles that persists the whole time. The initial aroma is piney, with malt notes that are like toasty bread crusts.
This beer pours a beautiful, burnished gold color with pristine clarity and a large, ivory-colored head of small bubbles that quickly fades to a faint disk. The pineapple aroma is very apparent from a distance as the beer is being poured, an.
This beer pours a beautiful, brilliant, deep gold, and a large head of tiny ivory-colored bubbles hangs around for a long time. The aroma brings out bread crusts, some toasty notes, as well as grapefruit juice and an eye-watering chili pepper.
This IPA pours a brilliant, beautiful gold color with a medium-sized head of small, cream-colored bubbles that fades fairly quickly. The initial aroma is of very smooth grapefruit pulp, with notes of bread crust, toast, grass and background.
The first aromas that swell out of my glass are of chocolate syrup, Mexican vanilla bean pith and warming alcohol. As the beer warms. the aroma evolves into dried black figs, warm, gooey brownies, dark roasted coffee beans, warm, fresh-cut white.
Bright aromas of mouthwatering orange cream ice cream, mimosas made with freshly squeezed oranges and little bits of pulp, and slices of Lady Alice apple esters immediately leap out of the glass.
Slightly dulled, strong, spicy clove and cracked red pepper aromas are noticeable from over a foot away.
Passion fruit juice with a low, warmed-up English muffin and homemade lemonade aromas pour forth from the glass. A low, pale ivory head hovers above a slightly hazy, bright, pale golden color.
Clean, low aromas of water cracker, sulfur, white spring blossoms and candied lilac come through upon first whiff.
A consistent aroma blend of clean pine resin, pineapple syrup, freshly ripped mint and cracked black pepper lead the way in the front of the nose. From 8 inches away, Tahitian vanilla bean pods, baked whole wheat bread, low sulfur notes and white.
In the nose, I'm hit with an intoxicating melange of clean, refreshing and lingering aromas of freshly cut pineapple, freshly-squeezed raspberry juice, musk, rose tonic (from Tours, France), candied orange and apricot syrup poured over brioche.
At first, fresh, lemon curd-lathered, vanilla-sprinkle-coated biscuit aromas with a hint of warm cinnamon spice and a slight saline quality evolves into lemon zest and low fresh pine resin and pineapple wafer cookies. Over an inch of frothy ivory.
The beer pours a slightly hazy, walnut brown color with a very mousse-like and long-lasting tan head. The aroma is slightly acidic, with some medium-dark, cooked caramel malt notes. There are also notes of cherry and some low raspberry.
This beer greets the drinker with a prominent and pleasant whiskey character backed up by cocoa powder, vanilla, mixed dark fruits and a spicy alcohol aroma. The whiskey fades down as it warms to create a very balanced aroma.
The beer pours a beautiful amber color with a strong orange hue with an off-white head that is long-lasting. It has a light haze that is appropriate for a Triple IPA.
This beer pours a slightly hazy golden color with a white head that leaves lingering lace on the side of the glass.
This beer pours a brilliant gold color with a lingering white head. The aroma greets you with a light, perfumy hop character, followed by a light, bready maltiness and fresh pear. The flavor is a near-perfect balance between the perfumy hops,.
A prominent floral and orange citrus hop aroma leaps out of the glass as it is being poured and remains in the forefront of this delightful IPA. A light, bready maltiness and mixed berry esters help round out the aroma and add some complexity.
If you like a fresh pot of coffee, this beer was made for you. It pours pitch black with a big tan head that clings to the glass. The aroma is of bold, freshly-roasted coffee beans. Unfortunately, however, there isn’t much beer behind it.
California commons are a unique beer. It’s an American lager, but fermented at ale temperatures. It’s synonymous with Anchor Steam and is typically a showcase for Northern Brewer hops, which are woody and minty. While this beer may call itself a.
This beer pours a golden straw-like color with brilliant clarity and a fluffy white head that lasts. The aroma is yeast-forward with spicy notes, peppercorns, cloves, hay and lemon zest.
This Belgian-style ale brewed with salted caramel and brown sugar pours into the glass a glowing red color with excellent clarity and a small, wispy, tan head with little retention. Belgian yeast character dominates the complex aroma.
This beer has a pleasant, slightly grainy malt aroma and no hop aroma at all. A hint of sulfur is also present, but not distracting. The color is a very bright pale straw. A white head persists on the beer as gaseous bubbles continue to rise from.
Some dark malt character (subtle roast, some breadiness) backed by chocolate comes through in the nose. There is a suggestion of an earthy/herbal hop aroma, but it's very light.
Hop and fruit aromas are subtle and complex (mild citrus and hints of mint, pineapple and passion fruit), but they dissipate fairly quickly. Light caramel and bready malt sweetness are also present.
Mild citrus aromas (e.g., tangerine) fused with alcohol undertones are notable up front in the aroma. Some developed malt sweetness – hinting at caramel – lingers in the background. The color is goldish-orange, very bright, with a thin head of.
Moderate lactic and buttery aromas rise from this American Wild Ale, which take on more of a background character that's damp and earthy as it warms. This beer pours an opaque orange color, though there is no visible sediment. The white head.
Aromas of toffee, caramel, vanilla and a slight hint of oak come through upon first whiff with no discernible hop character. The beer featured a nice, light brown color with slight chill haze that had very nice carbonation. Small tiny bubbles.
Upon first whiff, a low malt and hop presence was found in the nose along with a few slightly fruity esters as well. Pouring a clear, straw wheat color, the beer had a nice carbonation that featured a fluffy head of tiny bubbles that clung to the.
Sixpoint’s Hi-Res should come with a disclaimer: "Warning: May cause lupulin jealously when drinking other IPAs." In a nutshell, this beer is intense and not for the faint-hearted.
How to get your jolt of morning java with a lighter beer you ask? Well, Sixpoint’s C.R.E.A.M. is a clean, blonde beer with a heavy dose of coffee. It’ll open up your nostrils with an above-average dusty, earthy coffee note with hints of bell.
An intense, freshly-squeezed grapefruit juice aroma with lemon and resin is the first thing that will greet your nose followed by moderate, honey-like grainy malt. Hidden underneath are light berry esters similar to strawberries.
Bengali’s huge mandarin, grapefruit and resinous aroma isn’t for the faint of heart. The medium-low caramel and grainy malt aid in providing a counterpoint for the hoppy yet clean aroma.
Sixpoint’s Sweet Action opens with a moderately-low lemon, piney hop aroma with faint hints of sweet caramel. Pithy fruit is also apparent. It’s a bit darker than most cream ales – coming in at more of a dark amber/light copper color with.
This cleanly-lagered beer has upfront herbal, peppery hops with notes of bell pepper along with a very faint grainy malt aroma. Pretty to look at, the golden beer sits underneath a stand of white bubbles that’s fairly persistent but isn’t as.
After swirling this attractive, opaque brown beer with a dark, thick, tan head in the glass, I'm hit with spicy chilies and green pepper aromas – other malt/hop aromas were masked by chili heat. As the beer warms, the aroma opens up to reveal.
From a foot away, strong expressive and unique espresso and cacao nib aromas explode from this clear, ruby-brown beer with a persistent tan head.. As the beer warms, it evinces chocolate bar, dark graham cracker, roasted hazelnut pieces in a.
This beer is a light yellow color that forms a medium-sized white head with good retention. There is some haze that detracts from the appearance slightly.
This clear, yellow beer displays a low, white head with tight bubbles and great retention. Some corn, biscuit and a noticeable pine resin are first encountered in the aroma. The hop aroma level is about half of what you would expect from most.
This nice-looking pint feature a gold, fairly clear, low, white head with good retention and lace. Lots of pleasant hop aroma jumps out of the glass at me. I smell fresh grapefruit, pine, resin, zest, spice and a bit of tropical fruit.
Intense notes of dried fruits are immediately apparent upon pouring: raisins, currants and figs with a touch of dates. A moderately oaky character melds with caramel, toffee and a bit of chocolate to create a pleasantly complex bouquet. Hints of.
Low notes of chocolate, espresso, dates and prunes are expressed through the aroma when poured. There is a spicy alcohol note when cool that becomes quite aggressive upon warming, such so that it begins to overwhelm the other characteristics of.
The malt takes center stage over the hops in this Double IPA. Honey, biscuit and caramel stand out while a slight oxidative note creeps in. Underneath that are some light, herbal hops with a hint of orange and a subtle floral note to follow upon.
Full of roast, this stout packs a punch. While cold, the roast notes are ashy with a bit of coffee to follow through. A moderately high spicy hop character accompanies. Moderate bitterness balances the soft sweetness in the finish.
The beer pours a crystal clear ruby red color, similar to cherry soda, with a well-formed but low pink head. A low, wheaty malt presence pops up in the aroma but it gives way to the typical (though surprisingly subdued) lactic characters and a.
Aromas start out tart, with low vanilla pod and clean alcohol, followed by maple syrup, brown sugar and whole grain toast.
Following a loud pop of the cork, this beer quickly forms a massive, rocky, foamy white head that fills up half the glass, indicating a higher level of carbonation that's appropriate for this style. The liquid underneath glows an appealing,.
A golden, glowing amber beverage of excellent clarity greets the drinker. A moderate white head forms quickly and hangs around – and clings to the sides of the glass – until the last drop is finished. The aroma leaves no doubt that this is a.
A beautiful, glowing, orange/amber beverage greets the drinker. A slightly off-white head forms quickly and hangs around, leaving nice lacing down the sides of the glass.
Another fine brew in Avery's ever-growing repertoire, this IPA is jam-packed with a profusion of aromas and flavors that all manage to play well together. Known for producing some bruising hop monsters, Avery keeps their IPA true to its stylistic.
Devils Backbone Brewing Company’s Cran-Gose started out with a low aroma of citrus and some rose-like floral notes. Behind the fruit, there was some low, bready wheat aromas. Overall, this smelled a little like the sea in a most pleasant way and.
This is a big, rich Imperial Stout. Both the aroma and flavor give a very pleasant blend of chocolate, licorice caramel, dark fruits (fig and raisin) all tied together by a soft and pleasant alcohol character.
Southbound Brewing Co’s. Clusterflies is a well-crafted example of a soured, wine barrel-aged Saison. 
This beer greets the drinker with a moderate, floral hop aroma with citrus and dank notes slipping in behind.  A light bready maltiness shines through as it warms along with a very light caramel character. The hops turn more citrusy in the flavor.
The beer pours a brilliantly clear gold color with a fluffy white head with with excellent retention. The aroma starts out with a low sweet honey-like soft malt character.
This has everything that you want to see in a double IPA: plenty of hops abound with enough malt character to lend support. This beer starts appropriately hop-forward with aromas of resins, grapefruit and citrus fruits.
Two common issues with session IPAs are a lack of hop intensity or expressing a thin, watery body. I'm happy to report those two problems are not evident here!
Very prominent hops are up front in the aroma with characters of mango, pine, resin and a hint of peach and cedar while the malt aroma takes a seat far behind the hops.
Aromas of roasted chocolate, espresso, toast, treacle and a hint of anise invite the drinker into the first sip. Luscious, pitch black and creamy are the obvious first impressions regarding this beer's apperance.
This beer is labeled as a blonde ale but that name only is appropriate for the description of the beer’s color; this hoppy ale is WAY too assertive for that boring “Blonde Ale” category! In the aroma, the hops are readily apparent as herbal,.
This beer pours a hazy gold with orange hues creating an off-white head that lasts. Although darker than most (straight, non-dunkel Weissbiers) this one has the high notes of banana and clove that so characterizes the style.
This is a medium-light, brown-colored ale with orange hues, and its slightly hazy appearance doesn't detract from the overall effect. The moderately foamy head is light tan with low head retention.
Aromas of chocolate-covered raisins, coffee and deep roasted malts is followed by alcohol that shows up as it warms. All of this is joined by notes of tobacco and hints of smoke. In terms of appearance, this is a black hole in a glass – light.
Big alcohol notes, including some fusel, come up in the initial aroma. Fortunately, the rum and dried fruit esters overcome the alcohol and are joined by caramel malt. A faint and rather nondescript spicy phenol peeks through as it warms up.
Chocolate malt aromas are first to greet you, followed quickly by alcohol and dark fruits characters of raisins and prunes.
There are big piney and citrusy aromas in this American IPA.
Fruit-flavored IPAs have come to the forefront of the IPA craft movement lately, fueled by the sweeping success of beers like Ballast Point’s Grapefruit Sculpin. Today’s sample featured.
This beer pours the darkest brown imaginable (almost pitch black) and is opaque. A low, brown head is very thick and creamy with great retention. The bubbles don’t lace the glass, however there are legs that form from the liquid when you tilt the.
After pouring, I'm greeted by a light brown beer that's clear around the edges but otherwise difficult to see through. The head is off-white and drops low, then sticks around, lacing the glass nicely. Roasty initially with an earthy coffee aroma.
Its a hazy copper in the glass, with a vanishing white head. The nose is rich with honey, pine. A fair bit of alcohol is evident in the nose as winey notes. The beer has a sharp hop bite and is quite alcoholic. Its rich and malty, to the point of.
Pours a beautiful, very clear, red-tinted deep mahogany with a medium head of fine, light tan bubbles that stays around.
It's hard to pour a glass of this beer -- a very big ivory-colored poofy head appears after pouring and a fairly big 'pffft' sound is heard when opened.
Lazy Magnolia’s Heirloom Ale is a complex American Sour ale aged on Pinot Noir oak chips. The wine character delivered by this aging is quite assertive, tending to overwhelm the base beer in some aspects.
Lazy Magnolia’s Jeez Louise is a multi-dimensional spice beer that fits the style quite well. This golden-colored, slightly hazy brew with a solid, fine bubble stand has a spicy peppery aroma with evident citrus notes.
Roughtail’s 3rd Anniversary Ale is a very solid Double IPA. It is also an example of the recent trend in the industry towards murky, hazy IPAs. Visually, this moderately carbonated brew pours a very cloudy gold with a solid, creamy and small head.
Pouring this Double IPA from a 16-ounce can, I was immediately greeted by an assertive hop bouquet. Peach aromas mesh nicely with citrus and piney notes, however there was also a faint burnt rubber aroma, which detracted from the overall aroma..
This is what you want to experience when open an American IPA.  Supper fresh grapefruit, lemons and an underlying hint of pine aromatics. Some sweet malt makes its way through as the beer warmed up a little. Bright gold with a creamy, slightly.
Upon first whiff, aromas of chocolate with a touch of mild roasted coffee and some underlying earthy hops are joined by caramel and nutty aromatics. A thick, creamy, tan head tops the brown and brilliantly clear beer.
Amazingly fresh green jalapeño and deep poblano pepper aromatics lead the way. It doesn’t burn your nose, but you know it’s going to be spicy before your first sip. A fleeting scent of toasty malt is detected but no hops were found in this Pale.
Aromas of chocolate, caramel and some toasty malt are followed by faint lemony citrus hops. A little roast and coffee in the background combine with strawberry esters as it warms up. This beer pours a hazy deep mahogany with burnished copper.
This Red IPA exhibits reddish-amber hues that lean toward a very light brown color when poured. It has great clarity, and above it is a light tan-colored, fluffy head that gives this beer an inviting appearance.
Lots of toasty bread crusts, a light smoky character and a bunch of nuttiness presents itself in the aroma. Almost brilliantly clear and a beautiful deep amber with a nice large beige head that is persistent and leaves some lace. More black.
This beer pours an almost clear gold with a big poofy head of tiny cream-colored bubbles that stick around for a while and leave a little lace. The initial aroma is light cotton candy, light pineapple notes, a little bit of juicy fruit and bubble.
This beer pours pale yellow with a thick, fluffy white head that dissipates quickly. The small and large bubbles create the appearance of champagne, further confirming what Napoleon's troops called the Berliner Weisse style when it was first.
This beer pours a light amber color with a long-lasting, off-white head that leaves nice lacing on the glass. It greets the drinker with a prominent grapefruit and resiny hop aroma, with a light bready and caramel maltiness to offer some support.
The drinker is greeted with a light chocolate aroma, followed by supporting fruitiness of apricots and peaches, a light herbal hop character, light spicy alcohol and a caramel, bready maltiness. The spicy alcohol character increases significantly.
This Gose pours a hazy yellow with a very long-lasting white head. The aroma has a quickly fading sulfur character, followed by a bready, doughy and cookie-like maltiness. A very light lemon citrus ester emerges as it warms, along with noticeable.
Squall IPA isn't a bad beer, but it definitely isn't a good IPA. The overall impression is that of a caramelly, bready, alcoholic beer rather than a bright, hoppy IPA that I was expecting.  
Upon pouring, a good-sized beige head of small bubbles quickly fades, topping a hazy, copper-colored liquid. The aroma has slight bready notes, a background tartness and a fairly light combination of fruity esters including plums, cherries and.
This beer pours a slightly hazy gold color with a big poofy head of fine, ivory-colored bubbles that sticks around for quite a while. Sniffing across the top of the glass brings up a strong grapefruit aroma and then some bread, crackers and bread.
A big cream-colored head of small bubbles sits atop a slightly hazy, deep burnished gold liquid that looks very inviting.
This saison pours from the can light in color, somewhere between pale straw and light gold, with excellent clarity. A brilliant white head forms quickly but fades away just as fast, never to be seen again. The aroma is strongly of pilsner malt,.
The beer pours a nice, clear, dark copper-red hue, and has a khaki-colored, long-lasting head. The aroma is great. There is some stone fruit, mostly cherry for me, and you can pick up some soft caramel malt.
This beer pours an almost-black color with reddish highlights and is topped by a large, tan head of fairly large bubbles that sticks around for a while. The aroma is chocolaty with some earthy and bread crust notes.
Pours a slightly hazy reddish/deep copper with no carbonation or head. The meniscus is very clear, but slightly darker than the mead, possibly indicating some age.
Pours a very deep, reddish mahogany with a small head of fine, light-tan bubbles that is persistent. As a braggot (which is a mead, but blended about half with a beer) there is a light honey note in the aroma (with floral and orange) along with a.
A nice, big, mousse-like headstand of yellowish-beige bubbles sits atop an orange-tinted, slightly hazy, deep copper-colored liquid that looks very inviting.
On first blush, the nose was grassy. Just grassy? Yes, but… on second sniff maybe it's lemongrass? If I were to parse it, I get lemon peel and straw. The beer is crystal clear, with big bubbles. It's medium-gold with a pure white head that thins.
Woah! This is a big beer, a hop bomb and a full-frontal assault. There is pine and peel in the vinous nose alongside a nice tart maltiness. The aroma is rich and wine-like with hints of orange blossom.
The nose is rich with corn and spicy floral notes, which remind me of English hop varietals. It has a very light fruitiness but I can't really tell there's tangerine in the nose if I wasn't looking for it. It's pale gold and brilliantly clear. A.
This beer is thick and black with a dark brown head. The nose is rich with molasses and toffee. Just a hint of oak or bourbon. In the mouth it's drier than the nose led me to believe. It's not terribly sweet, which is a nice surprise.
Self-described as a Maibock brewed with Rogue’s proprietary ale yeast, Rogue Dead Guy is an appropriately malt-focused beer with an ale twist. The aroma is primarily melanoidin-based malts with bready and toasty characters; no discernable hops.
Considered one of the early prototypes of the American Amber style (and still one of the “Classical Examples” of the BJCP Style Guidelines), Rogue continues to nail this style. The color is the expected amber with excellent clarity and a light.
Named with a play on words on a malting term (“chit” refers to the tiny rootlets that grow from the grain during the germination phase of malting), this generically labeled “pilsner” is brewed with floor-malted barley and Liberty hops from Rogue.
The Humulus Terreux series from The Bruery is known for its various use of hops and Brettanomyces strains, and this beer doesn’t miss on either of these two elements.
This beer was brewed to mimic the non-alcoholic Spanish and Latin American drink Horchata. The spices in Horchata can vary by region, but the flavorings in this beer are a common combination: vanilla, cinnamon, rice and lactose (to replicate the.
A vigorous pour from a 16 oz. can produced a bold pine sap aroma accompanied by citrus hop notes and the honeyed effect of caramel malt.
We were off to a great start when I sniffed aromas of slight roastiness and a very strong bourbon presence. The beer poured pitch black with a nice tan head with moderate carbonation.
This very hazy, golden-colored brew has a small head of white-colored bubbles that dissipates rather quickly, which is expected for the style.
Oatsmobile Ale is a good example of a Session IPA with enough body and flavor to satisfy and compensate for the style's hallmark – a lack of alcohol.
This beer poured a clear orange color with a thick, white head with a moderate degree of retention.
This Fruit Beer pours a crystal clear, deep golden color with a small fizzy head with mediocre retention.
This beer pours a crystal clear, light gold color with a very frothy tall white head that displayed excellent retention. The aromas are very typical of what one would expect from a Belgian Blonde. I get a moderate amount of pear-like esters,.
An infusion of citrus grapefruit and tangerine comes across as almost tropical with both a white-bread breadiness and bread crust in the aroma - very inviting.
This Imperial IPA featured a really subtle hop aroma. I am looking for something a little more hop-forward and aggressive in a Double IPA and this beer just didn’t have it.
Aromas of thick, fire-browned whole grain bread crust -- like a moist German multigrain brot -- mingle with a pleasant soured whole-milk yogurt bite, low soy sauce elements, medium mousiness and medium horse blanket, finishing up with dried black.
This beer pours a light brown with reddish hues, very good clarity and a manila-colored head with moderately good retention. The aroma is quite complex. Initially, I get a hint of bready, biscuity malt, followed by a bit of cedar, a hint of oak .
Have you ever had a beer where, upon smelling it, your eyes go wide and you say to yourself, "Monster Hops!" Well, for me, this was one of those beers. The hop aroma is off the charts with big, dank, earthy, citrus and spicy hop aromas.
Sweet and grainy wheat malt combines with orange flesh aromas in the nose of this beer. Hints of orange peel and herbal qualities from hops or additions are also detectable. The color is gold with copper hints, slightly dark for the style.
An earthy, somewhat resinous, woody aroma mingles with hints of medium-dark, toasty malts and some yeastiness in this beer. Light esters can also be found, although they are subtle and non-distinct.
Floral hops, light fruit esters and some caramel malt aromas can all be found in the aroma of this beer. Otherwise, it has a very clean nose. The color is a dark copper with exceptional clarity. A nice off-white head of fine bubbles gathers at.
An aroma of dark roasted grains with a touch of stone fruit (plum), earthy and herbal hops and a bit of alcohol mix together in the nose of this beer. The color is medium-brown with reddish highlights and a light tan head.
This beer has a huge malt character that is somewhat nutty and sweet on the nose. Complex aromas of alcohol, hops and esters are also present in this beer’s aroma. The color is a dark copper with a tan, creamy head that persists.
Seldom does one come across a beer made exclusively with 8 hops! Most microbrewed beers made today utilize 1-3 hops, or 4 at the most. I’ve never come across a beer with this many hop varietals and I was curious to see how this beer tasted from.
The aroma had a light tropical fruitiness derived from the various hop varietals. The color was a beautiful copper hue along with great clarity and good carbonation. The flavor featured a nicely balanced slightly sweet malt along with good.
This Double IPA featured a sweet malty character with a surprisingly muted hop aroma. At first sip, the hop flavor (pine, resin) definitely made up for the aroma's lack of hoppiness -- this beer definitely had the necessary hop bittering to fit.
This beer had a very nice malty and hoppy aroma that was typical of the IPA style with a nice copper hue with a slight chill haze and solid carbonation. It had hints of citrus, pine and wood character that featured a very light malt backbone.
This beer had a very nice sweet malt base and subtle hop aromas of pine needles. It poured with a slight chill haze and cloudiness that featured a light copper hue, very nice carbonation and a very long-lasting head.
The aroma of this beer had bouquets of citrus, hints of mango and bread-like qualities. The appearance was a cloudy straw-like color due to the beer being unfiltered. I personally like the look of unfiltered beers and this one was beautiful.
This delicately balanced style is well known for being crisp and refreshing with a fine balance of malt, hops and esters. This Kolsch hits on all three of those balanced elements. The aroma highlights bready, grainy malt, light herbal hops and a.
Billed by the brewery as a “modern interpretation of the witbier style,” this golden ale promptly punches you in the nose with an unexpected abundance of hop aromas that are resiny, piney and peachy.
This bourbon barrel-aged Barleywine comes in at an astounding 14.8% ABV. The name is a homonym, referring to one of the ingredients: Corn (don’t worry, you can’t taste the corn in this one!). Upon pouring, the beer is brown and muddy with a wisp.
Billed as “the official brew of the Rogue Nation,” this American IPA is a showcase for Rogue Farms Alluvial hops. The hops are certainly prominent in the aroma with a plethora of tropical fruit notes wafting from the glass, including pineapple,.
Aromas of pine, resin, clean grapefruit pith, fresh white bread, lemon juice and low yellow iris.
This beer's aroma is redolent of caramel glaze on a Thanksgiving ham, smoked salmon, medium vodka-like hot alcohol and raisin bread.
This beer's aroma is of cornflakes, lemon with honeydrop candy, very low Mexican vanilla bean, biscuits and low herbaceous rosemary. This light golden beer is topped by a yellowish, creamy head with fine effervescence that clings to the sides of.
Aromas of grapefruit, sea mist, peach juice, golden apricot jam and spearmint are apparent upon first whiff. Overall, this beer's aroma profile was reminiscent of a lemon curd chiffon tart.
The drinker is greeted with a light watermelon core aroma followed by a light bready, grainy, honey-like maltiness.
Roughtail’s Everything Rhymes With Orange is a very hop flavor-centric example of the American IPA style. This slightly hazy, golden-colored brew maintains a solid creamy small head with quite attractive lacing.
Wow! This is a beautiful beer all the way around. It started out with a lovely pour: nice foam and a reddish-brown color that was extremely inviting. This Oud Bruin had an intense sour flavor and aroma with hints of sweet malt tied in to balance.
Hints of toasty, melanoidin malt blended with spicy hops in both the aroma and flavor. The finish had plenty of bittering hops that lingered forever, leaving a slightly harsh finish. This was a beautiful beer, reddish-brown in color with a nice,.
This beer poured with almost no head, which then died to nothing immediately making this a very low-carbonation beer. This sample definitely seemed past its prime. The aroma was pleasant with big bubblegum and banana blended with soft wheat malt.
A host of hop aromas were immediately omnipresent upon introduction of this Session IPA from a 12-ounce can to a pint glass. Notes of pineapple mixed with other tropical and citrus fruit aromatics to create an enticing bouquet.
This American IPA poured clear orange with a thick white head with modest retention. The aroma featured both malt and hops whose character combined floral and bitter notes rather than the citrus aromas that dominate many other American IPAs.
This beer poured clear orange with a very thick white nitro-enhanced head. The aroma was full of fruity (pear) esters and hop notes including some initial grassy ones.
This American IPA poured orange with a thick white head consisting of unusually big bubbles. The aroma was relatively mild with some malt and hops in the nose but not as much as expected for style; some plastic-phenolic notes also detracted from.
This American IPA poured a pretty orange color with a thick, creamy and well-retained white head. The aroma evinced plenty of malt and citrusy hops -- as expected for the style. An initial whiff of animal mustiness proved very transitory.
Light toasty malt and moderate caramel malt dominate the aroma. A very subtle hop spiciness is detectable in the nose of this beer as well. The color is copper, very bright, with a persistent, finely-bubbled head that is slightly off-white.
The aroma of this beer is somewhat nondescript, with only hints of light caramel malts and an almost fruity, cola-like undertone. It has a light copper color with just a touch of chill haze that reduced with warming.
Prairie Artisan is renowned for brews with amazing complexity. Ape Snake, their dry-hopped Dark Farmhouse Ale, delivers on this promise to a certain extent, but less so than with other offerings.
Prairie's Coffee Okie is a complex, barrel-aged spiced Imperial Brown Ale. This deep brown-colored brew with a rather quickly dissipating white head has a huge roasted coffee aroma with moderate levels of raisin, whiskey, chocolate and oak.
Prairie Bomb! is a very aptly named concoction. The quite amazing complexity exhibited in this specialty Imperial Stout delivers a massive explosion of delicious flavors and aromas that linger in the memory well after the drinking is done.
The beer pours midnight black with a thick, tan, creamy head that seems to last forever. The aroma is an intense, rich and complex blend of vanilla, bourbon, chocolate, dark roast coffee, black cherries, raisins and a light spicy alcohol.
This Double IPA pours a deep amber color with near-brilliant clarity and a rocky, off-white head that seems to last forever.
The beer pours a nice, ruby red color with deep clarity, and a slightly pink fizzy head sits atop and dissipates fairly quickly. The aroma is quite nice and inviting with some sour cherry, and a slight lactic sourness coming in second.
The beer pours a clear and bright golden color with a loose, foamy white head with great retention. In the aroma I get a light sweet bready malt and a moderate amount of hops.
Double IPAs can be ridiculously hoppy and still be consistent with the style as we know it. This one didn't get that memo, and instead drinks more like other breweries' standard IPA.
There's no shortage of "sessionable" IPAs on the market, and the challenge most face is how to provide the full hoppy experience with less malt support. That's a challenge that this beer doesn't quite meet.
Well, this one will be quick: It's a blueberry shandy.
In all seriousness, this is a decent beer. It pours a hazy gold with a sparse white head, and the aroma is all "blueberry." It's in quotes because it comes across as artificial.  
Some Yeti variations are among the best beers on the planet. This one is good, but not that good.
Everyone has their favorite summer sunshine beer -- this one might well be mine. Light but very flavorful, this is an easy-drinker that still tastes like a very cared-for beer!
This stout's aroma bursts from the glass, leading with roasted almonds, coffee beans, dark chocolate-covered pretzels, pine resin and crispy bacon dipped in dark chocolate. A thin, creamy tan head falls away to form a fine film with tiny bubbles.
This beer's aroma is of medium pineapple juice with low, pizza dough yeastiness, vanilla bean, button mushrooms and whiskey alcohol notes. This IPA pours a brilliantly clear medium-amber color with a low, ivory head of fine bubbles that clings to.
Aromas of pineapple syrup, torn mint leaves, fresh guava fruit, freshly baked white bread, grapefruit and pine needles are immediately apparent upon first whiff. An ivory-colored, creamy, persistent head clings to the sides of the glass of this.
After a vigorous pour, strong grassy, pine, cedar tip and freshly baked white bread aromas mingle with fresh apricot and strawberry esters. This beer is a medium-gold color with a frothy, persistent, off-white head.
This beer pours a clear, deep golden color with an orange hue and a long-lasting white head. The aroma is full of citrusy hops, peach, grapefruit, tangerine and a little earthy dankness. Underneath the hops is some doughy malt, light caramel and.
This beer pours a lightly hazy deep golden color with orange hues and a long-lasting white head. At first, this beer conveys a moderately hoppy aroma, mostly with notes of grapefruit and orange zest as well as some herbal grassiness. As it warms.
This beer pours a deep amber with copper hues, brilliant clarity and a long-lasting, off-white head. The aroma is fairly mild, but what is there is pretty balanced between the malt and hops with toast, mild caramel and a grainy character along.
When most drinkers think of a saison, they probably imagine a beer that is spicy and phenolic more often than not. However, this beer is more of a tropical take on the style.
This Saison is brewed with flavors and spices frequently associated with Belgian witbiers such as orange peel, coriander and grains of paradise.
The aroma struggles to make its way out of the glass but what does emerge is very inviting. Pine, ripe pineapple and juicy mango meld together to create an intoxicating harmony of aromatics. Perhaps more carbonation would help lift the aroma a.
An intense, rich aroma greets you upon first sniff. Notes of dark chocolate, coffee, bourbon, vanilla, oak, coconut, toast and even hints of caramel and cherry come out to say hello.
Lactic and funky aromas are quickly joined by lots of fresh raspberry and tart cherries. Earthy and woody aromas (and a trace of vanilla arise) as it warms. The beer is a very hazy rose color with a big foamy head that quickly drops out.
A fresh mango juice aroma with a warm herbal character and low hints of Tahitian vanilla are immediately apparent. The beer is a clear light amber color with a fine, creamy, ivory-colored head. The flavor starts out as mango Hawaiian sweet bread.
This lager starts with melted Creamsicle aromas supported by clean frothy milk, low Mexican vanilla and sour lemon candy.  After a minute, freshly made crepes and an earthy fern character appears. The beer is a clear straw color with fine.
This canned IPA is brewed with Jarrylo, Warrior and Centennial hops. The aroma is prominently hoppy with characters of floral, citrus, perfume and tangerine with very little malt to be found.
Inspired by the brewer’s trip to Nuremberg, Germany, this deep amber (almost brown) ale is an homage to a wide range of specialty malt aromas and flavors.
This Tart Pale Ale pours a hazy gold color with a modest, sponge-like head above, which is sustained by constantly released carbonation.
This Berliner Weisse brewed with raspberries pours a slightly hazy deep gold color with a pearl white, fluffy head with moderate retention, which makes for a lovely looking beer.
The beer pours a medium-brown color with very good clarity and a beautiful beige head of long-lasting, compact bubbles. It's a very pleasing beer to the eye.
Phantasmagoria is a delicious and approachable take on a Double IPA. This slightly hazy, deep golden-colored brew has a solid white-colored head of fine bubbles that lingers.
With the first tasting, there was an exaggerated, obvious ruby red grapefruit aroma, almost seeming to be artificial in nature. The second tasting, however, provided a much more natural hop character: generically “citrusy” with notes of.
I am initially hit with a strong roast character that's full of burnt toast, ash and coffee grounds. This slowly gives way to a subtle bread crust and graininess with a bit of caramel notes to follow. The caramel amplifies as the beer warms,.
The immediate perception with this beer centers on its soft, grainy and doughy malt aroma that's reminiscent of oyster crackers and freshly baked bread. It was visually striking with a straw yellow color and a clean, pale white head.
Off the pour, the beer is a solid golden color with an ivory-colored head of loose bubbles and a lower retention. The aroma is of sweet clean malt, some spicy pepper. I also get a high pome fruit aroma, a combination of apple skins and juicy pear.
This brew pours a hazy gold with a lingering, finely-bubbled white head that leaves an attractive lacing.
This hoppy ale confirmed its Double IPA moniker after one sip, as thick, complex layers of malt complexity wash across the palate with tones of toast, biscuit crust and light caramel nuances -- all backed by a touch of alcohol warmth.
Being the most popular craft beer style in America, IPAs seem ubiquitous these days. With a big malt personality backed by complex fruity esters and an appealing lineup of hops, this version definitely ranks as a standout.
The beer pours an inviting amber color with a solid orange hue. Prominent fresh-squeezed tangerine and orange citrus aromas jump out of the glass and are so well-integrated that you may mistake it all for hop aromas.
The aroma initially greets you with prominent black cherry, plum, spicy alcohol and a rich, bready caramel maltiness. Immediately following this is a sharp, clean lactic acidity with supporting earthy and slightly barnyard-y Brettanomyces. A.
This beer has "hop lover's serum" written all over it. Put your nose to the beer and huge aromas of of passion fruit and mangoes explode out of the glass.
The aroma of this beer is delightful: A medium-sweet malt note and fruity esters of lychee fruit, then a sot, freshly baked bread-like character. Very light grassy notes round out the hop aroma, with a light nutty malt quality at the end.
This beer pours a deep straw yellow color with a crystal clarity that's second to none. Its white foamy head and excellent retention invites you to take in its aroma of moderate citrus, grapefruit and low piney hop notes.
This Saison pours a deep straw color with brilliant clarity and a large white head. Spicy notes are noticeable the second the beer hits the glass and the nose is all the about the spice.
Probably the most similar to the original King of Hop DIPA. The aroma is mostly tropical/citrusy hops with a tinge of spicy heat. The flavor is similar with tropical/citrus hops, then followed by peppery spice that lingers.
Similar to the original King of Hop, but the grapefruit zest brings it to a higher level. The hops and grapefruit blend well together and enhance the underlying character. The grapefruit is stronger than the hops, yet the character could be.
This Double IPA pours a clear golden color with an impressive white head. The nose is hop-forward mixed with a little bit of sweetness. The hop character is complex with notes of citrus, orange, grapefruit peel, mango and a little bit of resinous.
Warped Wing Brewing’s Ermal’s Belgian-Style Cream Ale poured out medium gold and was lightly hazy with a fine, moderately sized white head that lasted a minute or two. The medium-low estery aroma was very inviting.
Warped Wing’s Gamma Bomb IPA started out with a medium hop burst of citrus and tropical fruitiness. The moderate bready malt and light grainy/cereal character with a touch of toastiness were in support. A hint of earthiness was apparent from the.
Transilience is an “Imperial Berliner Weisse” fruited with Mango and Pomegranate.
This Coffee Stout was in many ways typical of the style, though slightly less robust in its coffee aroma and flavor than certain other examples of the style. In appearance, this beer poured an opaque black topped by a thin white head.
This beer was presented as a Coffee Stout, which it resoundingly was. It poured a deep black color, sporting a medium-sized white head with modest retention. The fresh-roasted coffee aroma was immediate and intense and not a combination of dark.
This beer poured a mostly clear, lightly hazy, rich orange color. The initial thick white head disappeared quickly. The aroma was complex, replete with sour notes, fruity esters and the earthy funk often found in farmhouse ales.
This Watermelon Gose poured a pale yellow color with a huge (2-3”) white head of tiny bubbles that dissipated quickly; the beer itself was relatively clear for a Gose with only a slight haze. The aroma was notably tart with plenty of watermelon.
This is a fun and well-made fruit beer; I'm just not certain that hibiscus and saison play well together. Having said that, I'd have been happy to drink a full pint of this, particularly on a warm day!
Pours a pretty, brilliantly clear yellow color with a white head of small bubbles that dissipates fairly quickly. The initial aroma is of bread dough, corn grits and a fairly high sulfur content with hints of earthy hops beneath.
A wonderful aroma of coffee permeated the first sniff along with subtle hop flavors. The color was a medium-dark brown that featured a tan head that dissipated very quickly. It had flavors of roasted and burnt malts accentuated with a light hop.
The initial aroma of this beer was hoppy floral notes – very typical of this style. The color featured a light straw hue along with light carbonation. The flavor had a nice malt sweetness balanced with some hop bitterness, but I felt that the hop.
The aroma of this beer had slight fruity aromas, neglible malt and a low hop profile in the nose. The appearance was a nice wonderful copper hue featuring a somewhat low carbonation and head retention.
The aroma of this Hefeweizen had hints of banana and cloves -- an indication of a proper German hefeweizen. The pour had the appearance of a beautiful straw-colored brew, and was quite cloudy and hazy due to the unfiltered process.
The beer had a very nice malty aroma that was somewhat grainy with slight fruitiness compounded with a golden straw color and low carbonation. The flavor was well balanced between the low malt and hop profile. Both of these aspects should be at a.
Initially there is a huge waft of toffee in the nose, though this quickly calms down to allow for a generous maple syrup character mixed with the aroma of a coffee house – espresso and fresh-brewed coffee. To add to the complexity, there's a.
As the name would suggest, your senses will be immediately stimulated with huge hop vapors of pungent resin, pine and spruce – as evergreen-type hops dominate the initial perception.
When a palate tires of the oftentimes hop-intensive craft beer scene, it’s always nice to dial it down with an approachable and drinkable American Amber Ale. Today’s ale poured a beautiful deep copper color, tinged with crimson highlights.
Citrus hop aromas combine with piney and fruity notes to deliver a firm punch of aromatics to the nostrils.
This beer has a smoky nose up front -- prominent smoked ham/bacon notes jump out of the glass with enough caramel malt in the aroma to balance it effectively. No oak or hops are present in the aroma. The color is deep chestnut and is brilliantly.
The initial aroma comes across like an East Coast IPA -- tropical fruit and stone fruit dominates with subtle pine needle notes discerned in the background. There is a mango component of the aroma that seems to be hop-derived rather than from.
Robust coffee aroma with notable roast and light charcoal notes, bold, but well below a French roast threshold. There is no green bell pepper character present.
The profile of a fresh, well-designed American Porter jumps out of the glass -- rich, fudge-laden malt with a bright sprinkling of hops showcasing pine needles. Any smoke character is missing but would be a welcome addition. The hops become more.
This IPA is definitely new-school in the way that there is zero malt to get in the way of the hop profile. However, it does start off with a nice, bready, Pils-like malt backbone, which provides support for a bright complex hop profile featuring.
300 IPA by Fulton is a Mosaic hop bomb, pure and simple.
Lonely Blonde by Fulton is a relatively simple beer, as would be expected from an American Blonde Ale.
A rich, sweet, caramel malt nose shares the aroma with a complex blend of earthy, citrusy and piney hop characteristics. There is also some light fruity esters evident.
The beer pours a deep ruby red, with a half-inch thick, brownish-pink head sitting atop that disappeared quickly. There is a little bit of haze -- it’s clear but not brilliantly clear. The aroma is heavy with tart cherries, which is to be.
This beer's bouquet was strongly defined by freshly brewed coffee with a hint of toffee, vanilla and chocolate malt. A big khaki-colored head foamed up upon initial pour than fell off quickly. The beer was dark brown in color and quite clear.
This beer poured a clear amber color with a medium-white head. Its aroma featured citrusy orange and grapefruit elements -- very reminiscent of Cascade hops.
This beer pours a slightly hazy deep gold with a large ivory head of fine bubbles. The head sticks around for a while, and leaves a bit of lacing on the sides of the glass.
The most surprising thing about this American Pale Ale is the almost complete lack of hop aroma from a beer that provides bitterness levels and hop flavors that are on par for the style.
Warped Wing’s Flyin’ Rye India Pale Ale was moderately spicy with notes of rye and cereal. I also noted some bubblegum esters in the nose that didn’t quite seem to fit. The aroma included some medium-low floral hops and a light cracker malt.
Another specialty strong ale that smells and tastes more like food than beer, this brew offers distinctive aromas of fresh bread, maple, allspice, caramel syrup and cinnamon.
This American Pale Ale pours a deep gold color with hazy clarity and a dense, white, mousse-like head, which is sustained and leaves lovely lacing on the glass.
This Imperial Red Ale pours a beautiful deep amber and rust color with hazy clarity and a fluffy, khaki-colored head, which lasts for the duration of the pour. A lovely lacing lingers on the glass as the beer is consumed.
This ESB pours a deep amber color with hazy clarity and a sustained, off-white, meringue-like head. Rich notes of bready malt with light toast and light caramel intertwine with a slight nutty base note of malt.
This American Blonde Ale pours a deep gold color with bright clarity and a foamy white head, which is sustained throughout sampling. A moderate malt profile of grainy Two-Row, wheat, and sweet honey notes intertwine with low floral and grapefruit.
This Session IPA pours a hazy and opaque deep gold with a dense, mousse-like head that leaves nice lacing as the beer throughout sampling. Lovely, light, and airy hop aromas of tropical fruits, pineapple, tangerine and grass interplay with a very.
This Oatmeal Stout with coffee pours a very dark brown color with opaque clarity. A dense and fluffy mocha-colored head is well sustained. A prominent aroma of fresh-brewed coffee with a touch of cream is the showcase with undertones of dark.
A beautiful deep golden color and huge foamy head give this beer a very inviting look. The aroma draws you in with huge tropical notes of mango and peaches blended with hints of citrus and spicy rye notes.
This American IPA pours a beautiful dark golden to light amber color. The beer greets you with citrusy and spicy hops up front blended with a lightly toasted malt both in aroma and flavor.
This is a pleasant, easy-drinking Pre-Prohibition lager. The beer had a soft corn/DMS aroma with sweet malt in the background that was very clean, featuring no esters or diacetyl.
Pours a slightly hazy reddish light copper with a medium-sized, ivory head of small bubbles that fades slowly. Complex aromas include caramel, nutty, golden raisins, rich toasty and toffee malt with low floral hops.
Initial notes of floral noble hops are moderately low and a slightly grassy character is supported by a fairly light malt backbone that is bready with honey-like overtones.
The bar for Gueuze (or Geuze, as Brouwerij Boon spells it here) is pretty high, given that it's a blended (and therefore "created") beer. This one hits all the right notes for a blended Lambic, and the quibbles really only come from the choices.
The blonde ale poured a deep shade of golden yellow, with a medium carbonation that spewed forth a distinctive white head that fell quickly. This beer was remarkably clear, which allowed me to watch the light carbon dioxide bubbles rise in my.
This oatmeal stout looked stellar in the glass, with a dense head of off-white whipped cream. Some lace streamed down the sides as the beer was sampled.
A pretty little collar of foam in my snifter sat atop a brew that was medium-orange in color, very clear and held together with medium carbonation. The beer was very mild in aroma, but I coaxed some out of it with a swirl and detected sweet.
The beer pours an appropriately hazy deep amber with rose highlights, and a beautiful light pink head that persists. A prominent raspberry aroma jumps from the glass, and is balanced by a light earthiness, a moderate level of bready malt and a.
For those of you who question whether cucumber and beer work together, this beer shows that they most certainly do. It displays a moderate but soft fresh cucumber aroma with a light lemon and mixed pome fruit character as well as a light tartness.
The beer pours a light gold color and has a white head that persists throughout the sample. The initial aroma greets you with a light, yeast-derived sulfur character, which fades to allow a fresh, bready maltiness and a complementary supporting.
This self-described Red IPA sports an unexpected golden color along with excellent clarity and a small, finely-beaded, off-white rim of head. Highlighting El Dorado and Mosaic hops, the hop aroma is bright tropical fruit of mango, guava and.
This Imperial Stout is brewed with Oregon hazelnuts, star anise and cocoa nibs then aged in Old Forester Bourbon barrels for four months. If that isn’t quite enough, this beer is part of the Ninkasi Space Program (NSP); the ale yeast used in this.
This canned double IPA from northwest Arkansas seems quite unassuming in appearance -- just a basic, silver can with a small green label.
Raspberry is the dominant aroma in this Raspberry Saison, followed closely by earthy hops and a spicy phenolic character. There is a huge, crackly, cream-colored head on this deep orange-colored beer.
The aroma of this dry-hopped sour beer is quite fruity, dominated by grapefruit and passion fruit. Accompanying the fruitiness is a low acidity. There is no malt aroma, and it’s obvious this example won’t veer into funky territory.
Czech Premium Pale Lagers (also known as Czech Pilseners) are an interesting breed. They’re flavorful yet refreshing and one of the few lagers in which diacetyl is acceptable. This example begins with a clean, sweet, pils-like malt aroma that isn.
A smoky aroma is the first thing to rise out of the glass in this smoked farmhouse ale. The first hit is so pungent and pure that it could have come straight from Bamberg, and that's a wonderful thing.
This beer pours a clear gold color with a rocky white head, and the aroma has medium-low levels of citrus (lemon, orange) and a touch of pine, with a lot of bread in the background.
Ommegang's first-ever Double IPA is a solid entry into the category.  
This beer pours a hazy deep gold with an orange tint and a big, mousse-like, ivory head of small bubbles. The head sticks around for a long time and leaves Belgian lace on the sides of the glass.
Restrained acidity and perfume make up the pleasant aroma of this understated Gose. It pours a crystal clear, bright yellow color and the white head collapses noisily and quickly. The light acidity carries through to the flavor and adds a bit of.
Sometimes a modern craft version of a classic beer style is able to blow away trendy "beers of the moment." This brew accomplishes this in a big way.
When poured into an oversized tulip glass, this sour Belgian-style brew shows off a creamy tan layer of foam and a dark brown color with ruby hues.
This Session IPA pours a crystal clear light golden color, sporting a small ring of off-white head.
Self-described as a "Belgian Style Brown Ale," this beer unfortunately lacks many of the primary characteristics of Belgian ales -- especially fruity esters and peppery phenolics.
Upon pouring, the aroma is a welcome party of tropical fruit hops followed by a very faint piney hop character. The tropical fruit you'll find here is headlined by mango, passion fruit and papaya beckoning you to a first sip.
This beer poured a hazy golden-yellow hue that was quite typical of a Double IPA. In the aroma I found moderately high notes of citrus, lemon rind and spicy hops, as well as some ripe melon esters toward the end with a clean, bready malt note to.
Despite this being an Imperial IPA, the hop aroma was surprisingly restrained. I was expecting a big hit of pine notes, but it was instead quite subtle. A beautiful light copper poured nicely into the glass followed by a well carbonated and.
This beer poured a beautiful, pitch black color that featured a tan foamy head. I detected very nice aromas of roasted malts, chocolate, dried fruit and oak barrel with slight hop overtones.
Creamy. Velvety. Luscious. Tropical. These are the main characteristics of this beer, but it is also much more than that. The beer puts down my skepticism for both "crowlers" (32-oz. cans that are filled from the tap then sealed) and hazy IPAs..
For an Imperial IPA/Barleywine hybrid, the aroma was rather subdued and I really didn’t get that much of a hop aroma.
I was presented this beer by being told it was an IPA with coffee. Already, I'm thinking "clash of flavors." With that in mind, I proceeded with this beer cautiously.
This IPA had a very subtle hop aroma of pine needles and not much more.
This brew starts off with aromas of apple taffy – slightly tart, salty, dried apple skins on a base of grape juice. Involuntarily, my mouth starts to slightly water while the aroma shows a clean yeast character with a hint of white apple blossoms.
Upon pouring, prominent aromas of bright pink grapefruit fruit pour forth from the glass with a splash of fresh raspberry juice and all supported by a backbone of freshly milled white flour. The beer has a pleasing, ivory head that sits atop a.
A complex and mouthwatering combination of sour lactic, yogurt and soured milk aromas mingle with secondary notes of vanilla, saltines, pickle brine, and squeezed lemon juice.
Upon pouring, I first notice the aroma of creamed bananas, followed by a warm chocolate brownie covered in a boozy vanilla fudge sauce. The beer has a creamy, dark tan head that clings to the sides of the glass, and is a dark, almost opaque,.
This beer starts out with a sour, caramel-glazed apple tart aroma, then evolves into a caramelized wafer candy with dried Montmorency cherries with a low, floral, barrel character. The beer is clear with a ruby-amber glow and a low, ivory-colored.
This beer pours a hazy light gold, with a creamy, white, persistent head. The aroma initially greets the drinker with a moderate lemon ester, light tartness and a pleasant bready maltiness. A light peppery character chimes in as the beer warms..
The beer pours a nice solid yellow color with a bit of haze. The head was white, fluffy and had a moderate retention. The aroma was inviting and refreshing. I got a little hint of lactic sourness, some low wheat aromas and some restrained.
The aroma of this pale Kellerbier is a great blend of noble hops (earthy, herbal and a touch of spice), pale malts and yeast. The yeast and malt provide a slight bread-like quality that rounds out the hop aromas nicely.
The session IPA can be a delightful beer, especially for the hophead who wants to keep their wits about them, while also drinking more than one or two beers. This one has a bold tropical fruit aroma, like passion fruit and guava are being.
The aroma of this brew is quite fruity with a considerable amount of cherry and berry character, along with a light barnyard funk and aromatic sourness. The base dubbel makes itself known with an evident brown malt and light raisin aroma.
This beer pours a cloudy yellow color with a finely bubbled white head arising from moderate carbonation that lingers for an appropriate time.
Chillwave, by Great Lakes Brewing, is a fine example of a Double IPA that is trying to keep it simple.
This beer starts out with a huge citrusy hop aroma that follows through into the flavor and has lingering bitterness. There are pleasant hints of Belgian phenolics throughout.
This is a very nicely made, light copper-colored IPA. This beer is beautiful to look at, and upon pouring, the head lasts almost forever. Wonderful flavors emerge upon first sip, with a huge explosion of pleasant floral hops blended nicely with.
The aroma is sure to awaken the senses with a punch of ripe mango, tangerine and resiny hops making their presence immediately felt.
Bombs Away! That was my first thought as I waterfalled this beer into my large snifter and was hit with an immediate and definitive mango aroma blast. Although I attempted to coax a healthy head out of the beer, only a medium-firm pillow of foam.
Out of the can poured a hazy, dark yellow brew, with a limited head that fell relatively swiftly. Out of the chute, aromas of lemon zest, coriander and fresh dough arose from the glass.
This ale tumbled into the glass like hot oil draining from a car’s drainplug. I picked up my snifter to check it against the light, but to no avail -- it would not give up its secrets so easily.
This complex, vinous beer opened up initially with significant amounts of lemon zest, clove and a touch of Angostura bitter aromas. It was also underpinned with cinnamon and star anise. The brew poured a very murky brown, with a quickly.
This beer pours a hazy deep golden color with an orange hue that is certainly a part of the popular New England-style IPA. It has a dense white head that lasts, which hangs onto the glass as it goes down.
This beer pours a hazy deep golden with an orange hue and a big white head that sticks to the glass and actually hangs around longer than the beer itself.
This American Pale Ale pours a crystal clear, dark golden color with a resilient, off-white head.
Wow! From the moment the can pops, hop aromas completely fill the air. Grapefruit, orange, mango, passion fruit, melon, citrus, pineapple – basically every juicy fruit you can think of is there plus a little bit of pine.
This beer pours a light golden color with good clarity, just a bit of haze and a dense white head that lasts and lasts. The aroma seemed fairly mild for a DIPA and lacked the pungency expected.
This beer pours deep gold with a light haze, and a fine, white persistent head. The aroma is moderately tart with a hint of lemon zest, and a light peppery character that emerges as the beer warms. A light bready maltiness and moderate briny.
Resinous, herbal and slightly woody hops mix with mild caramel malt to provide a clean and inviting aroma to this Double IPA. The color is light copper with a slightly off-white head that is firm and resilient as a thin layer across the entire.
The beer here seems to deviate a little from the traditional expectations of the style. California Common is an amber-colored beer that is hallmarked by the use of Northern Brewer hops and fermented with a lager yeast at warmer, ale-like.
The first impression that arrives in the aroma is that of a somewhat sweet, lightly caramelized pilsner malt backed by light piney and citrus hop notes. In a way, the aroma is similar to the few domestically produced IPAs that were available in.
The aroma is complex with waves of grapefruit, citrus peel and stone fruit with a background of bready malt. There is a light spiciness from the habanero that doesn't overwhelm and adds complexity, but at the cost of diminishing the hop aroma.
I poured this midnight-dark brew quite vigorously, and a dark tan foam cap rose swiftly to the brim of my snifter. It receded quickly, like a beach wave, and left a cola-colored liquid behind.
This earthy, complex ale poured a muddled, tawny pink in my goblet, with a pretty, light pink head and carbonation bubbles rocketing from the bottom of my glass at a frenetic rate.
Bold lactic and Brett aromas are quickly followed by lemon and cherry tartness with notes of currants. As the beer warms, some pepper and woody tones come through along with a slight touch of vanilla.
This is a smooth, soft, subtle beer that would go down easy on a hot summer day. A hint of sulfur is first noted but that quickly dissipates and gives way to a floral, almost rose-like aroma paired with a light grainy, doughy malt and a touch of.
English-style ales are a dying breed here in the U.S. The ones that make it over from the U.K. are often riddled with oxidation due to a long boat ride across the Atlantic, and are many times a weak representation of the style to begin with. The.
The initial aroma was a bit perfumy and off-putting but if you can get past that, there is a nice beer underneath. This particular example was a little oxidized so the caramel became apparent while the hops slid to the background. There was a.
An array of hop oils wafts from the glass with bright notes of cantaloupe, mango and orange pith. The aroma is all hops – no malt to speak of. The aroma’s hop assault continues throughout sampling of the beer with enough complexity to keep you.
“Refreshingly traditional..." This mythical advertising tagline kept spooling in my brain as I sipped this finely crafted pilsner.
The aroma has a lot going on, and honestly it’s all good and superbly balanced. There is some traditional barnyard funk from Brettanomyces, but not so much it overshadows anything else. The hop presence is medium and bright, and I get a lot of.
Apricots and grapefruits are followed by a virtual fruit basket of other hop aromas. There is a trace amount of sweet malt lying underneath all the hops. A big foamy white head tops the clear golden beer. Flavors of grapes, lechies and berries.
Fresh tart lemons and grapefruit are first to greet you senses.  Very low levels of grainy malt follow. Clean fermentation. The beer is a very cloudy light yellow color that looks almost “milky”, like Witbier. Topped with a big frothy white head.
A proper English Porter indeed! Bittersweet chocolate with a touch of coffee and roast malt in the aroma invites you to partake, and some dark fruit notes and a slight earthy hop quality round out the aroma.
Aromas of fresh grass and grapefruit jump out of the glass along with some pine, wood, oranges, and a touch of malt sweetness. A hazy light-golden color with a fine, off-white and creamy foam cap holds up until the end.
Big pine resin, wood and earthy hops are discovered in the nose. Some grapefruit and underlying dankness join the New World hop party. Barely noticeable caramel malts lay underneath the hops, which are distinctly and assertively hop-forward.
Grainy and sweet malt with notes of corn are taken over by spicy hops, which then dominate the aroma. Trace amounts of nectarine esters manage to sneak out in time.
Very subtle cucumber aroma presents itself as Honeydew Melon. Corn grist and grainy pilsner malt are joined by spicy noble hops along with very low levels of what I can only describe as "green." If chlorophyll has an aroma, this would be it.
As if you walked into a trendy coffee house, expect a big waft of fresh roasted coffee, warm espresso, light ashy char and a hint of tobacco when you open this beer. There is a light earthiness with damp leaves, forest floor notes and tea with a.
The beer pours a hazy gold with a creamy, slightly off-white, lingering head. Oranges and tropical fruits, reminiscent of mango and pineapple, are joined by some underlying pine and dankness. Very low levels of toffee sweetness can also be found.
Upon pouring, I am greeted with a slightly hazy yellow beer topped with a creamy white head. The aroma starts off with a kick of fresh lemon and orange zest. It is then combined with a little pine, peach esters and alcohol while remaining clean.
This is not your grandfather's Pilsner. Tropical fruits intermingle with slight sulfur and DMS aromas. Grassy hop notes, grainy pilsner malt and a very low mineral aspect also join the aromatics. This beer pours a light gold color with a very.
This beer was presented to me as a 50/50 mix of grapefruit-flavored drink and premium German pilsner. Upon smelling it there was a moderate citrus/grapefruit aroma and a floral, perfumy hop aroma. I also smelled clean, pils malt aroma at a.
Up front, this wine barrel-aged sour exhibited fairly clean lactic sourness and a whiff of oak. It had medium-low notes of toasty malt and dark fruit (plum and cherry mostly) and no hops in the nose.  As it warmed up notes of red wine grapes .
Breweries seem to struggle with what to name beers these days -- is it an IPA? A pale ale? An American Wheat? In this case, whatever you want to call it, the answer is "a great beer that's an excellent seasonal offering."
This self-described Triple IPA weighs in at an impressive 10.8 percent ABV with an impressive110 IBUs, inviting you to take "a stage dive into a mosh pit of hops." The aroma certainly represents this strength with an aggressive, slightly rough,.
This bourbon barrel-aged Imperial Stout is a collaboration between Stone Brewing, actor and noted homebrewer Wil Wheaton (well known for his roles in “Stand by Me” and “Star Trek: The Next Generation” [among many others]), and website founder.
With Oktoberfest just around the corner this beer was a nice addition. The beer had the color of light brown that was very clear and translucent. The aroma of this beer includes lightly roasted malts that had hints of sweetness and no hop aromas.
Hop aromas reminiscent of tropical fruits, melon and floral qualities are present, but fairly understated for a Double IPA. Caramel malt and some sweetness also come through in the aroma of this beer, along with a touch of alcohol aroma.
Pouring with a golden hue and orange highlights, the beer expresses prominently fruity aromatics of grapefruit and lemon alongside lychee, passion fruit and a touch of white peach.
The aroma of this Double IPA shows itself to be distinctive right away. Absent are the citrus fruit hop aromas that have come to be expected in this style; instead, It is peppery, earthy, herbal, and musty. Low caramel maltiness supports this.
Burnt City Brewing’s Retrofit Lime Radler was a good summertime drinker. It began with a low note of bready wheat, followed by some low notes of lime. No hops were noted and fermentation character was very clean. There was a slight hint of papery.
Burnt City Brewing’s Face Melter Hibiscus IPA had close to a medium high level of peach and passionfruit hop aroma at the forefront. The floral tones of hibiscus intermingled at a moderate level. The beer also had a low, pleasant grassy tone.
Burnt City Brewing’s Balloon Boy Farmhouse Wheat Ale started with an initial burst of sulfur & carbonic acid upon first sniff. Below that was banana with a bit of bubblegum and vanilla. Low peppery notes and a hint of earthy funk were there.
Funkier Pumpkin was evaluated as a Wild Specialty Beer (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 28C) offering according to BJCP guidelines. 
This beer pours golden and clear. It exhibits a thick appearance; a white foamy head crowns it with a long lasting retention. A small string of bubbles in the glass is seen rising to the top. The aroma of medium low bready, doughy, and cracker-.
This beer pours dark gold, nearly approaching copper.  It is very clear with a white fluffy head with great retention, but no visible carbonation bubbles.  The aroma comes through as medium citrusy grapefruit, with some floral and grassy hop.
Measuring in at 9.25% abv and “100+ IBU”, this clear, golden-colored (6 SRM) hop bomb begins with an abundance of resin, pine, mango, and citrus aroma from copious amounts of Simcoe and Amarillo hops.  The flavor showcases a similar hop character.
For this wheat beer brewed with mangos, the aroma starts generically citrus but unfortunately turns meaty with a disagreeable butterscotch diacetyl which growing stronger as the beer warms.  The flavor is much more pleasant with mango and.
This beer has a rich malt aroma of toasted rye bread, light spice, and a very small amount of citrus tanginess. There's also low fruity esters of red berries, with no detectable hops.
The aroma of this beer is of bready, doughy malt and a very low fruity peach and red apple note.  There's also some lager yeast dryness that is nearly prickly from the carbonation.  The hops are spicy and relatively low.  As this beer warms the.
With a moderately high fresh floral, fruity hop aroma this beer definitely makes an entrance.  But wait, there's also a slight fresh herb quality with caramel, and some fruity pear esters too.  The color is yellow gold crowned with a moussy white.
Citrus fruit aromas are combined with woody notes, apricots and hints of tropical fruits reminiscent of passion fruit.  A pale golden beer with some dry hop haze and a creamy white foam stand. Pink grapefruit intermingled with the tropical fruits.
The glass releases very balanced yet complex and layered peach aromas laced with pie crust, subdued sour aromas, hints of floral, and faint barnyard. A lightly amber tinted medium clear gold pour produces an off-white foam cap of moderate size.
A beautiful opaque brown pour with red highlights produces scores of rapidly rising bubbles under a thin but persistent light tan foam cap. Cherry and dark cakey malt aromas drift in from 4 feet away.
This porter pours black and opaque, with a monster brown, creamy head that is quite persistent. The aroma is moderately roasty and complex, supported by a chocolate, coffee and nutty malt character with a background earthy hop aroma.
This beer pours golden straw colored with a light haziness clarity. A white fluffy thick head crowns it with average retention. It is light textured with medium sized bubbles rising to the top. The aroma is of moderately high honey, wine barrel.
The aromas of grapefruit, mango, and pineapple that make up the nose of this DIPA are familiar, but their intensity is one of a kind; they could be smelled over two feet away upon cracking it open.  Eventually, bitter pith and resin come through.
Big rich maltiness is immediately evident. Brown bread with deep notes of caramel and toffee. With the deep caramel malt flavors, this beer almost comes across like a liquefied fruitcake with booze.
This beer falls into vein of the old-school east coast American IPA. A medium-high resinous hop showcase with a hefty dose of lightly toasted and caramel malt underneath. The aroma is somewhat subtle overall - more late/dry hopping would be a.
The trend of fruited IPA continues unabated, for better or worse, and this beer features the somewhat unusual combination of mango and passionfruit. It pours a slightly hazy, pale yellow from the can, quickly creating an effervescent, bubbly,.
Extra Dry is a Saison brewed with rice and was evaluated as an Alternative Grain Beer (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category31A ) offering according to BJCP guidelines. .
Pullman Pilsner was evaluated as a Czech Premium Pale Lager (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 3B) offering according to BJCP guidelines. 
Liminal Moment was evaluated as a Double IPA, (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 22A) offering according to BJCP guidelines. 
Solemn Oath’s The Snaggle Tooth Bandana American IPA started out with moderate hop aroma that was resinous with fruity overtones. Medium low bready malt was in support. As it warmed up in the glass the hop aroma opened up a bit and became.
A moderate malt caramel and light toasty/biscuit-like malt aroma is up front in the nose for this beer. A little swirl of the glass releases more toast and biscuit aroma with just a hint of earthy noble hops in the background.
Touting a “striking hop intensity” and a “rich backbone of caramel and roasted malt”, this rich and complex beer impresses at all levels.
Consolation Prize opens with an overall restrained aroma with a balance of caramel, grapefruit, and generic herbaceous and floral notes.  Although the aroma leaves a bit to be desired for a double IPA, the appearance is spot on.  The light amber.
This IPA opens with moderate lychee, grapefruit, mandarin oranges, and resin that mingle with honey and grain.  The aroma is pleasant and refreshing without the generic fruit salad character that can come from using modern New World hops. .
Once the bottle cap was opened, aromas of roasted malts (think dark chocolate and coffee) just exploded right out of the bottle. The beer was pitch black in appearance with a rocky and creamy tan head that just lasted forever.
The beer had a very nice hoppy aroma of pine needles and slight citrus qualities. It poured a light straw color that featured a very nice carbonation and nice clarity. Nice qualities of malt sweetness and hop bittering that was was not.
A plethora of aromatic hops are released upon pouring this IPA from a 16 ounce can into a pint glass. This type of aroma strongly suggests the aggressive use of dry hopping which in this case featured a bouquet of passion fruit, sticky pine and.
This beer marries two summer beer ingredient standards---peach and apricot.  Today’s sample poured a hazy dark gold, as an unfiltered wheat ale should.  Its snow white head was dense, but fell quickly to get down to the tasting business.  Aromas.
This beer began with a light to medium bitterness, with more hops pointed toward hop flavor (floral and earthy) than bitterness.  It had some caramel sweetness underpinning the hops, which were vaguely toasty.  I appreciated the beer rustic.
Grapefruit and IPA seem to be hanging out together everywhere nowadays.  This sample is a 50/50 mix between India Pale Ale and grapefruit juice.   The juice addition contributed a zesty aroma, supported by minor grass and floral notes which were.
This beer starts off with a surprisingly fruity aroma – in addition to the pine, lemon, and floral hop aromas that are typical of many Double IPAs, there was also a strong pear and peach presence that was both unexpected and enticing.
This Bourbon Barrel Aged IPA pours a deep gold color with creamy white head, which persists and has clear clarity. An aroma of fresh, un-charred oak barrel consisting of nutty and vanilla lactones is most prominent on the nose. No detectable.
This American Pale Ale pours golden color with bright clarity. A white head quickly fades leaving a scant trace throughout the drinking of the beer.
This American IPA pours a deep gold color with hazy clarity. A creamy bone white head is persistent and lasts throughout the beer. A lovely lacing is left on the glass as the beer is consumed. Hop aroma is high and prominent and consists of.
This Vienna lager pours an amber color with clear clarity and a compact head of tight white bubbles that persist during the entire beer.
This Wit pours a deep gold color with cloudy clarity. A foamy bone colored white head quickly dissipates but leaves a ring around the glass. The aroma consists of moderate malt sweetness with a light doughy and tart wheat character.
This Barrel Aged Belgian Quad pours a dark brown color with a fluffy, light-brown head which quickly dissipates, but leaves a ring around the glass. When held to the light, the clarity is clear and ruby and orange highlights can be seen in the.
This Nitro IPA pours a deep gold color with a slightly hazy clarity.  A beautiful creamy, mousse-like white head is everlasting and persists during the entire beer leaving a lovely lacing on the glass.  The aroma has a low malt character that is.
This beer has a tremendously beautiful aroma – strong pineapple, tangerine, stone fruit (especially apricot), and lemon. As would be expected for a sour, there is a noticeable but pleasant lactic sourness, and a low brett aroma.
The aroma hits the required points, highlighting raspberry and hibiscus with sour coming through nicely and traces of grain in the background joined by a hint of oak and vanilla. It pours moderately clear raspberry red with streams of rapidly.
This Imperial White IPA pours a deep gold color with slightly hazy clarity.  A lathery, bone white head is persistent during the entire beer.  The aroma of this beer is very forward, consisting of moderate, general grainy base malt sweetness and.
This Nitro Vanilla Porter pours a very dark brown color with clear clarity.  The pour creates beige colored beautiful, creamy, and everlasting head.  The overall aroma of this beer is very muted with the most prominent note in the aroma is a.
This Belgian inspired Stout pours an opaque black color.  A creamed coffee head quickly dissipates on the pour and leaves a thin ring around the glass.  An overall moderate-low aroma consists of roast grains with wisps of chocolate on the nose. .
The hop aroma is bright and clear, loaded with mango and juicy citrus. The malt aroma is lightly toasty and crisp. I did detect a faint amount of DMS in the aroma.
This IPA pours a light amber color with clear clarity.  A bone white head forms, consisting of dense tiny bubbles that dissipate quickly leaving a ring around the glass.  Most prominent on the nose is a moderately intense hop aroma consisting of.
This American Brown Ale pours a dark brown color with good clarity.  A fine beige creamy head is moderate in its retention and leaves a ring around the glass when it dissipates.  A moderate malty sweet aroma is forefront on the nose consisting of.
This beer was presented as a White Sour Ale with blackberries and blueberries.  It poured clear and pink with modest head retention.  At first whiff the aroma announced that this was a serious sour ale with plenty of brett funk in the nose.  The.
This beer pours a beautiful brilliantly clear deep gold - almost light amber with the orangish tint that is typical of a Marzen. A medium head of tiny ivory-colored white bubbles fades slowly leaving a little Belgian lace.
This cider pours medium straw and is brilliantly clear, with champagne like bubbles that rise from the glass.  It has a prominent fresh and lightly bruised apple aroma followed by a spicy, cinnamon background note and a light acidity.
This is an easy-drinking sour ale that offers a fairly substantial raspberry punch couple with restrained levels of acidity.  It shows itself unfiltered, with a medium pink color coupled with very low head retention.  Aroma notes feature fresh.
This beer pours a brown, Coca-Cola like color with good clarity and light ruby highlights when held up to the light.  A creamy tan head quickly fades but leaves a ring around the glass.  The intensity of the malt aroma is moderate; however, it is.
The beer pours out a burnished bright amber, with brilliant clarity and a tall and thick cream colored head, obviously well-conditioned by a steady rise of fine gas bubbles. Foam stand proves outstanding and leaves a big lace on the glass.
The beer pours a deep amber color with a faint haze; foam is mousey with fine light tan bubbles and modestly lasting foam stand.  Conditioning appears relatively light by the modest tracing of rising gas.
Sometimes traditional is good.
This beer would be a great transition beer for those who tend to steer away from darker or fuller beers. The beer might segue a neophyte craft beer enthusiast from pale, light beers into the wonderful realm of darker, fuller flavored products.
Pours an almost clear deep mahogany brown and a large tan head of tiny bubbles - very visually appealing. The head hangs around for a while leaving a bit of Belgian lace.
This beer pours golden copper, it is hazy with an off white head that's fluffy in texture and thick.  Visually, medium sized bubbles rise to the surface at an average speed.  The aroma has toasty, light caramel, and fresh baked bread  malt.
This beer presented itself a muddled yellow below a huge, frothy head.   I sensed substantial levels of fruit in the nose—mango, pineapple, and a hint of lemon.  It featured a crisp, citrus tartness in the flavor, with good levels of acidity and.
Wow – This Strong, Barrel Aged Sour beer is nearly perfect – It pours dark amber in color and is rich, strong, sour, sweet all rolled together.  It is extremely well balanced  and is sour but not overly acetic, full bodied with hints of vanilla,.
This Barrel Aged Ale pours a deep amber color with hazy clarity.   A fine-bubbled white head quickly dissipates and leaves ring and lacing around the edge of the glass.  An aroma of barrel qualities of oak character and vanilla lactones are.
This American-style IPA features very sturdy aroma notes of mango and pineapple, with a little pine dank mixed in.  I picked a little alcohol in the mix as it warmed up.  It settled thickly in the glass, after a mountainous head over its dark.
The nose of medium-low fruity esters,  and very ripe pineapple fruit welcomes the taster.  There's also a low level of citrus lime peel, with light caramel and floral hops.  The beer pours copper and cloudy with an off white head thickness.  Lots.
The initial sniff grabs the drinker with big tropical fruit hop aroma of pineapple and mango, with a background note of mixed stone fruit.  A light floral alcohol note and light bready maltiness chimes in as it warms to support the complex hop.
Santilli was evaluated as an American IPA (2015 Beer Judge Certification Program (BJCP) Category 21A ) offering according to BJCP guidelines. 
This beer pours a very deep copper with mahogany hues, a huge dense off-white head and great clarity. The aroma is intense and complex with rich vanilla & oaky liquor notes with lots of dark fruit (plums, cherries, raisins, currants) and.
This beer pours pitch black, completely opaque and devoid of light, with a deep tan head that sticks to the glass with legs & lace. The aroma is chock-full of deep roasted malts, coffee, cocoa, espresso, & lightly burnt toast.
This beer pours a deep golden color like orange blossom honey or a sunbeam. It has a faint haze and a lasting off-white head. The aroma is very citra-esque with lots of tropical fruit notes- passionfruit, guava, pineapple – orange, some.
This session IPA pours a deep golden color with an orange hue, huge dense white head and great clarity. The aroma is full of sweet fruit (apricot, peach, melon) and floral hop notes.
The aroma of this beer is quite clean with notes of grainy malt and noble hops (herbal and earthy). The color is a light straw, exceptionally bright, with a white head that persists as a thin layer over most of the surface.
The aroma of this Witbier presents vanilla and orange-peel zest undertones, a hint of sulfur, slight perfumes from hops and yeast esters, a touch of coriander, and a sweet wheat malt breadiness that all combine to provide a very nice olfactory.
This IPA has strong citrus character along with some tropical fruit aroma. Grapefruit and passion fruit dominate with a slight pithy/woody quality in there as well. The malt aromas are heavily masked by the hops, but grainy sweetness and a touch.
The aroma of this fruit lambic is a menagerie of olfactory delights: dominating raspberry, woody pith, hints of tartness, sweetness, and a little barnyard for good measure.
(21A. American IPA) This IPA has familiar grapefruit and lemon hop aromas and a low ethanol note. Overall it smells citrusy-sweet, without the intensity found in some examples. It is orange in color and has a dense, white head that lasts forever—.
(30A. Spice, Herb, or Vegetable Beer) Of all the flavors that can be added to beer, peanut butter may be one of the more difficult options. You can’t exactly start dumping globs of it into the mash or boil and expect great results. Dry powder is.
(30A. Spice, Herb, or Vegetable Beer) In beer, coffee and chocolate flavors often go hand-in-hand, as they can be derived from the same source malts. Namely, dark roasted varieties like black patent and, you guessed it, chocolate malt.
At 10.1% abv and 120 IBU, this large format big beer (22 oz.
The aroma of this Berliner weisse presents moderate wheaty and grainy malt with a light citrusy fruit and a hint of sweet fruit reminiscent of prickly pear fruit.  Upon the first sip, the prominent sourness is readily evident!  Moderately.
This fruited Berliner weisse presents as a very hazy, golden beer with a big, fluffy, white head that quickly fades with quite a “crackle and pop”.   The initial aroma is a prominent, off-putting sulfur without much else to be discriminated.
This single hop Mosaic session IPA measures in at 4.6% abv and 52 IBU.  The aroma is very prominently Mosaic hops with aromas of citrus, tropical fruit, mango, and a bit of dankness.  The hop flavor is slightly cleaner with citrus, peaches,.
This beer is a barrel aged version of their Third Ring Belgian Strong Ale that is aged in Cabernet Sauvignon wine barrels for a year.  The aroma is an abundance of cherry, red grape, and prune fruit paired with vanilla and toasted oak; a light.
Measuring up at 7.0% abv and 30 IBU, this beer pours a light golden color with a huge, fluffy, white head.  The aroma exhibits a crackery pils malt with a moderate herbal hops and a hint of DMS.  In the flavor, the moderate crackery pils malt and.
This dark golden, crystal clear beer sports a huge, finely beaded, off-white head that would certainly look great in a one liter mug.  The aroma exudes melanoidins with bready and toasty malt and a surprising but welcomed herbal and spicy hops. .
Being light in color but with stout-like flavors is quite the unusual objective for this beer.  Light golden at 4 SRM, the appearance certainly meets objective number one.  The aroma is a rich, roasty coffee with hints of chocolate in the.
Acidic aromas with lemon and orange zest and background fruit esters dominate this Belgian Specialty Ale. Some light spice, whether from yeast or other influences, is detectable underneath the more obvious aromatic layers. The complexity is very.
This Belgian Specialty Ale presents an aroma of mild acidity and a raspberry-like fruit and pith character. The fruit esters contribute more to the definition of the aroma than does the wild ferment. A dark copper color with light ruby highlights.
This beer pours with a rich pale golden color, with a white fluffy head. Small bubbles rise to the top at average speed, as an indication of its med-high carbonation level.  Aromas of sweet malt with a bready character and honey welcome the.
This beer pours golden yellow in color with a slight chill haze. The head is tall, rocky and off white colored. It has excellent persistence with hardly any visible bubbles rising.
This beer pours with a light golden color and a fluffy white head. Fine bubbles randomly rise to the surface. The medium intensity hop aroma is of woodsy, floral, and some low amounts of pine, and grapefruit rind notes.
Sunlight Cream Ale by Sun King, like most offerings of the 2015 BJCP Category 1C Cream Ale style, is a rather simple beer.  This is typically an entry level style for those first initiates into the Craft beer scene.  As such, Sunshine fits the.
Spice and citrus rind aromatics blend with light yeast and malt aromas that are somewhat bready in this White IPA. The color is straw, mostly clear, with a thin, but persistent white head.
This IPA has an element of a strong, newer hop variety featuring a bold, earthy character that is often referred to as being dank. A grapefruit citrus aroma becomes more obvious as it warms. Additionally, hop spiciness, fruit esters, and light.
A menagerie of well-developed aromas that includes cedar and pine with hints of cherry, raspberry and nectarine issues forth from the glass.
This is an Imperial Rye ESB judged as English Barleywine BJCP #17D. My assistant greets me with  a tall glass of copper colored beer  capped with an inch of off-white dense foam, intoning  “Imperial Rye ESB”. Hmmm. This presents a bit of a.
Category 33B Specialty Wood-Aged Beer, Base beer Category 17D, English Barleywine.
This was evaluated as a BJCP style 21B Specialty IPA: Brown IPA, and I must say, I love this beer. It brings together a rich, creamy zaftig brown ale texture and body with a big, soft alcohol character and a balancing yet assertive hop bitterness.
Category 28C Wild Specialty Beer. It’s like sticking your face into a fresh spring bouquet with banana, berry, spice, floral, faint orange, pepper, almond, light toast and a hint of tobacco rising from the glass.
28C American Barleywine, 33B Specialty Wood Aged Beer. The brewer nails the use of pine, picks barrels with just the right amount of bourbon and lets this beer sit for just the right amount of time in the barrels.
Double IPA, BJCP #22A: The beer pours a crystal clear light amber color, with a nice full creamy cap of foam with good stand and lace. Color indicates relatively little in the way of kilned/colored malts used -- possibly some Vienna/Munich or.
Black Caddis by Wren House is a dark Porter brewed with chocolate rye, and is being evaluated as an American Porter (2015 BJCP Category 20A) offering according to BJCP guidelines. For this style expect a substantial malty beer, both stronger and.
Jomax by Wren House is a Coffee Oatmeal Stout and is being evaluated as an Oatmeal Stout (2015 BJCP Category 16B) offering according to the BJCP guidelines. For this style expect a bold, dark malt presence with varying creaminess based on the.
Fruit Beer - Fruit & Spice Beer - 29B (Base beer is American Pale Ale - 18B) This beer is an interesting take on a fruit/spice beer, using an APA as the base and adding in pineapple and coconut.
(American Wild Ale - Wild Specialty Beer - 28C) This beer is poured into the glass and has the appearance of those new school pale ales. It is a very turbid pale gold with a super resilient white head that sticks heavily to the glass, leaving.
(American Wild Ale - Wild Specialty Beer - 28C) The beer presents in the glass a hazy straw color with minimal petillant character, even on arousal and with no head. The nose is a melange of cinnamon like spice due to the chamomile, with a vague.
Pie Thief by Wren House is a Wheat Whiskey Barrel Aged Pumpkin Wheat Wine and is being evaluated as a Specialty Wood Aged (2015 BJCP Category 33B) offering according to BJCP guidelines. For this style expect variety depending upon the base style.
Peace Tree Brewing Company's Kiss From A Gose is being evaluated as a Gose (Historical Beer, BJCP Category 27). This Gose poured with a huge white head that died almost immediately.
Peace Tree Brewing Company's Blonde Fatale is a wonderful Belgian Blonde Ale and is being evaluated as 2015 BJCP Category 25A. The upfront aroma has light fermentation phenolics and pear-like esters. There is a light sweet malt behind with a low.
Although it defies definition, this beer can best be described as a barrel-aged Belgian Dark Strong ale, with a touch of stout or Baltic Porter for inspiration -- however you define it, though, there's no doubt that it's a beer worth drinking.
American IPA (BJCP category 21A) is a well-traveled road these days, and Southern Sky's Georgia 1UP IPA is a familiar and pleasant walk down it.
Southern Sky's interpretation on an English Porter, Schwarzschild is a good, basic entry into the style but lacks complexity.  It was evaluated as an English Porter, BJCP Category 13C.
BJCP Category  33B  Wood Aged Imperial Stout
This IPA is a beautiful looking beer, golden yellow in color and crystal clear with an off-white head that persists.  The aroma is big on grapefruit followed by a fresh pine resin smell.  Some malty notes are in the background reminding me of.
This Coffee Porter pours a beautiful cascade going up the glass, much like a nitro draught beer pour.  The beer is brown/black in color with a light brown creamy head that perisits.  The aroma is all fresh coffee with some roasty notes and faint.
While I appreciated the firm malty candy character of the beer, it seemingly overloads it and nothing else but that particular character of it seems to exist. It features a lovely deep red tawny appearance, with a low head suggesting its.
This trippel poured a massive white head, whipped cream like, remaining firm. It lasted to the bottom of the glass with some terrific leftover lacing. In the nose, notes perceived included vanilla, pumpkin pie spice, and minor amounts of zest.
I waited patiently for the head to settle in my glass after a vigorous pour into the snifter. Waves of dark brown streaks within the head took on an alien brain likeness. The high alcohol in the beer held the glass lacing intact.
Mega Mix was evaluated as a Pale Amercan Ale (BJCP 2015 Style 18B, American Pale Ale).  As poured, this beer is slightly hazy with a pretty deep gold color, and a small head of tiny white bubbles that persisted as a thin layer, with more bubbles.
Tourist Trappe was evaluated as a Trappist Ale (BJCP 2015 Style 26C, Belgian Tripel).  Lemony citrus notes on the nose are inviting, with hints of mango and Juicy Fruit. Light floral hops complement the very light bready note in the aroma.
Miami Weisse was evaluated as a German Wheat Beer (BJCP 2015 Style 10A, Weissbier, also known as a Hefeweizen).  Pours a very hazy yellowish gold with a big poofy white head of small bubbles which dissipates very quickly leaving no Belgian lace.
Soul Shakedown Party by Sun King is a Rum Barrel Aged Scotch Ale, and is being evaluated as a wood aged (2015 BJCP Category 22C) offering according to BJCP guidelines.
Osiris Pale Ale by Sun King is a very well-crafted APA (2015 BJCP Category 18b).  In a time where hop bomb IPA’s rule the roost, it’s nice to have a flavorful and well balanced option that still satisfies the lust for hops yet delivers a certain.