Bills go back to Tyrod Taylor as the starter after Nathan Peterman’s disastrous 1st game
Tom Brady ignored a journalist with a gift. So Marshawn Lynch got a Mexican national team jersey.
Ranking the best celebrations in the NFL this season
Broncos will make another QB change and start Paxton Lynch in Week 12
No, Kirk Cousins did not get ejected from an NBA game for elbowing Russell Westbrook
The Seahawks ran a fake field goal that was so hilariously easy for the Falcons to stop
6 things that defined the Falcons’ 34-31 shootout win vs. the Seahawks
Falcons WRs Julio Jones, Mohamed Sanu embarrassed the depleted Seahawks secondary early
Bill Belichick is just happy the Patriots avoided earthquakes and volcanoes in Mexico
Jerry Jones dealt another blow in his quest to derail Roger Goodell’s contract
Blaine Gabbert and Tom Savage, I owe you an apology
Tyrod Taylor or Nathan Peterman? The Bills STILL can’t decide for some reason.
Chargers felt ‘disrespected’ by Bills’ decision to start rookie Nathan Peterman
Richard Sherman is out for the season (boo), but now his Twitter game is on fire (yay)
Nathan Peterman left the Bills no choice but to go back to Tyrod Taylor (who should've never been benched at all)
I really just feel sorry for DeShone Kizer
5 winners and 3 losers from the Eagles’ 37-9 win over the Cowboys on ‘Sunday Night Football’
Eagles emergency kicker Kamu Grugier-Hill is pretty good at kickoffs ... for a linebacker
Eagles K Jake Elliott ruled out of ‘Sunday Night Football’ with a concussion vs. Cowboys
Bears had a chance to take the Lions to OT, and Connor Barth blew it
Brock Osweiler’s ‘God damn it, no!’ is the funniest pre-snap adjustment
Jerry Jones is threatening the Cowboys offensive line to play better or else
Patriots vs. Raiders and Bills vs. Chargers ended in scores that have never happened before
High altitude but low score, Bengals barely beat Broncos, 20-17
Here's why Raiders WR Johnny Holton wasn't ejected for hitting a Patriots CB
Tony Romo knew the Raiders were going to blow it on this play
Bills turn back to Tyrod Taylor, bench Nathan Peterman after 5 interceptions vs. Chargers
Saints overcome 15-point deficit late in the 4th quarter to stun Washington in OT
Stephen Gostkowski’s booming 62-yard field goal would have been good from 70
Bengals CB Dre Kirkpatrick would have had a 100-yard pick-6 if a ghost hadn’t caused him to fumble
Browns finish a game with 0 penalties for the 1st time in 55 years, but still fall to 0-10
Jay Cutler out with concussion vs. Buccaneers, replaced by Matt MooreThis acrobatic play by Jaguars WR Dede Westbrook was somehow ruled no catch
NFL agrees to play games in Mexico through 2021 season
Look at Giants 350-pound DT Damon Harrison gloriously rumbling after his 1st career interception
NFL investigating Jameis Winston for allegedly groping an Uber driver in 2016
Dolphins waive LB Rey Maualuga after late night arrest
Seahawks S Kam Chancellor likely done for the year with neck injury
Tyler Eifert has cyst removed from knee
Bengals cut Pat Sims, promote Hardy Nickerson from practice squad
Philip Rivers cleared from concussion protocol, can play against Bills
Jerry Jones apologizes for 2013 video that shows him making racially insensitive joke
The Browns are the only team that hasn't allowed a 100-yard rusher or 300-yard passer
Cardinals name Blaine Gabbert the starting quarterback against Texans
Jared Goff has the NFL's best audibles, even if no one knows what they mean
Larry Fitzgerald signs 1-year extension with Cardinals, but that doesn't mean he'll be back next season
Packers players accuse Martellus Bennett of quitting on them
NFL's Cardinals on Thanksgiving experiment in the ’70s failed spectacularly
Jerry Jones threatened to go after Roger Goodell ‘with everything I have’
NBC listened to fans and will use SkyCam as main angle for Titans vs. Steelers
Jerry Jones, NFL have a ridiculous idea to attract new fans in latest episode of 'South Park'
Bruce Arians says Blaine Gabbert gets a bad rap because ‘he was on really shitty teams’
Titans players can't decide if their ‘Smurf look’ Color Rush uniforms are awesome or ugly
Chicago researchers confirm diagnosis of CTE in former NFL player before his death
Marvin Lewis says John Ross let the Bengals down
Ezekiel Elliott's suspension and appeal, explained
A comprehensive timeline of Ezekiel Elliott's domestic violence case
NFL Panic Index, Week 11: Injuries may derail Cowboys’ entire season
Are refs taunting Vontaze Burfict?
Saints games for Weeks 12 and 13 will be flexed
Drew Brees wants to stay with the Saints. But do the Saints want to stick with Brees?
Bengals sign RB Brian Hill, waive LB Hardy Nickerson, add CB to practice squad
NFL’s chief medical officer defends Jacoby Brissett’s late concussion diagnosis
Jay Cutler still thinks the Dolphins can turn it around this seasonPanthers WR Devin Funchess kept a promise to a fallen soldier's mom on Monday night
4 things we learned in the Panthers’ 45-21 domination of the Dolphins
Dolphins finally got a rushing touchdown thanks to Kenyan Drake
Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart did the most casual hurdle vs. Dolphins
Philip Rivers is in concussion protocol, Chargers announce
49ers’ Joe Staley says beating Giants was as good as winning NFC Championship
Did the Jets vs. Buccaneers game really even happen?
Bills streaker's mom supports her son in the sweetest way possible
Former players claim NFL is dodging their concussion settlement claims
How Martellus Bennett went from getting cut by Packers to active for Patriots in 4 days
Adrian Clayborn was a 1-man wrecking crew against the Cowboys
The Saints are blowing everybody out, and the rest of the NFC should be scared
4 winners and 3 losers from Patriots’ 41-16 win over Broncos
Broncos set up 2 Patriots TDs with both too many and too few players on the field
Not even referees are safe from the NFL’s injury epidemic this year
Patriots RB Dion Lewis took his touchdown celebration right into our living rooms
Patriots scored a touchdown when the Broncos only had 10 men on the field to stop it
The 49ers finally got a win, with some help from a Giants team that looks like it's given up
Adrian Clayborn’s 6-sack game against Cowboys shows LT Tyron Smith is missed more than Ezekiel Elliott
Brock Osweiler nailed some poor guy on the Broncos' sideline in the head with a football
Patriots' Dion Lewis got some help from a Broncos player on 103-yard kick return TD
Kyle Shanahan gets a 3-cup Gatorade bath after the 49ers’ first win
Steelers mock A.J. Green in touchdown celebration
Saints P Thomas Morstead shows how good his team’s offense was Sunday with one tweet
5 ways the Jaguars' overtime win against the Chargers was completely wacky
How the Lions held off the winless Browns for a 38-24 win
The Chargers couldn't even run out the clock without fumbling
Browns run QB sneak with 15 seconds and no timeouts. It was as dumb as it sounds.
Bears had a first-and-goal, but a terrible John Fox challenge turned it into a Packers touchback
Jaguars torch Chargers on 56-yard TD with masterfully executed fake punt
Jimmy Garoppolo’s next contract will be the real risk for the 49ers
Which ‘can’t miss’ NFL predictions were we laughably wrong about?Martellus Bennett rips the Packers for how they handled his shoulder injury
It’s Budda Baker time for the Cardinals, whether he’s ready or not
A.J. Green receives $42,541 fine for brawl in Jacksonville with Jalen Ramsey
Adrian Peterson's lousy game against the Seahawks was right on cue
The Legion of Boom’s magnificent reign of terror for the Seahawks is over now
Martellus Bennett claimed off waivers by the Patriots
NFL will investigate how Seahawks handled Russell Wilson’s injury on ‘Thursday Night Football’
Richard Sherman played through Achilles pain for weeks before season-ending injury
Larry Fitzgerald eclipses 15,000 career receiving yards
Ezekiel Elliott suspension back on effective immediately with 2nd Circuit’s latest ruling
Will Ezekiel Elliott play in Week 10?
Jerry Jones has threatened to sue NFL over Roger Goodell’s extension
Jameis Winston instigated a big fight between the Bucs and Saints from the sideline
Seahawks were gifted extra time by clock error to throw a Hail Mary vs. Washington
Jimmy Garoppolo knows he's got to fix the ‘Sam Bradford look going on’ with his sleeves
Ben McAdoo has given the Giants every reason to fire him
Jalen Ramsey denies he got personal with A.J. Green
Teddy Bridgewater activated to Vikings’ roster, Sam Bradford goes to IR
Bill Belichick will not tolerate anonymous quotes about his relationship with Tom Brady
Congratulations to JuJu Smith-Schuster for finally getting his license
Andrew Luck’s injury is not just ‘inside his head,’ despite what Colts owner Jim Irsay says
Packers somehow ran the kicking unit on for a field goal in less than 10 seconds
Lions bust out Rock ‘Em Sock ‘Em Robots inspired celebration for touchdown
Broncos sticking with Brock Osweiler as starting QB vs. the Patriots
Jameis Winston out ‘several weeks’ while throwing shoulder heals
Why was Jalen Ramsey ejected after fight with A.J. Green?
Raiders OT Marshall Newhouse picked up a fumble and ran. It was glorious.
Raiders vs. Dolphins: 4 winners and 4 losers from Oakland’s 27-24 win
Raiders WR Johnny Holton celebrated a TD by riding an imaginary dolphin
The Raiders handed the Dolphins an onside kick with this idiotic formation
3 Dolphins players got Adam Gase to relax team rule about kneeling during national anthem
Dolphins’ field conditions are terrible after Virginia Tech-Miami played on it the night beforeHow are NFL players traded before the deadline doing with their new teams?
Here's why Josh Doctson's catch against the Seahawks wasn't ruled a TD
Tony Romo's insight into the Cowboys made for his best day in the booth so far
Carlos Hyde and two others ejected after a fight breaks out in the Cardinals-49ers game
Chiefs vs. Cowboys, recapped in a 2-minute read
Dez Bryant suffers ankle injury vs. Chiefs
Washington intercepts Seahawks 2-point conversion and returns it 83 yards for 0 points
Seahawks K Blair Walsh missed 3 field goals in the first half vs. Washington
Mike Nugent banks in a PAT off the upright for the Cowboys with a loud BOOM
Cowboys welcome Tony Romo back to AT&T Stadium with a heartfelt tribute video
Texans’ comeback bid with Tom Savage ends with a disastrous last play vs. Colts
Falcons fans thought the team had another timeout because FOX forgot to change the display
Eli Manning is 7th quarterback to eclipse 50,000 career passing yards
NFL players react to Bengals WR A.J. Green getting ejected vs Jaguars
A.J. Green throws punches at Jalen Ramsey; both ejected from Bengals vs Jaguars game
Jaguars WR Keelan Cole used one hand to catch a trash pass from Blake Bortles
Andrew Luck's injury history, a timeline
Tony Romo is calling a Cowboys game for the first time on Sunday
Why the Eagles traded for Jay Ajayi
Ndamukong Suh is the Dolphins’ emergency kicker. No, seriously.
Bengals sign kicker Marshall Koehn, waive safety Derron Smith
Richie Incognito hates ‘Thursday Night Football’ just like everyone else
Kiko Alonso fined $9k for late hit on Joe Flacco
Deshaun Watson out for the season with torn ACL
Deshaun Watson promises he'll be back better than ever in heartfelt message
Ezekiel Elliott’s suspension delayed this week by 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
Which of our NFL midseason award predictions will hold up?
Why the Bills traded for Kelvin Benjamin
Deshaun Watson’s knee injury robs us of a truly special year
Andrew Luck headed to injured reserve, will not play in 2017
Josh Gordon conditionally reinstated by NFL
NFLPA’s emergency appeal to delay Ezekiel Elliott’s 6-game suspension deniedWe’re all losers after the Bengals and Browns botched the McCarron trade
Broncos will start Brock Osweiler, who really might be their best option at QB
Bengals & Browns tried to get McCarron deal done before trade deadline
Seahawks get a huge boost on offense by trading for Texans OT Duane Brown
Browns tried to trade for AJ McCarron but didn’t call it in on time
The NFL trade deadline is suddenly exciting. What changed?
Ezekiel Elliott’s 6-game suspension is back on thanks to decision from federal court
Kelvin Benjamin traded to the Bills 
Bill Belichick explains why the Patriots gave up ‘the best quarterback situation in the league’
NFL reacts to surprising Jimmy Garoppolo trade
Where will Kirk Cousins end up in 2018 now that 49ers have Jimmy Garoppolo?
NFL power rankings 2017, Week 9: Big trades give a few teams renewed hope
Jimmy Garoppolo was the Patriots’ future. He’s gone, so now what?
Seahawks fans caused a spike in seismic activity after game-winning TD vs. Texans
9 fun stats you missed in Week 8 of the NFL season
The Jets, Browns, 49ers, and Jaguars should be sorry they passed up Deshaun Watson
Jameis Winston is the same QB he’s always been, and it’s still not enough for the Bucs
4 plays that gave the Steelers a 20-15 win over the Lions
JuJu Smith-Schuster celebrated his 97-yard TD with a tribute to his stolen bike
Ben Roethlisberger kept missing his receivers until he threw a beautiful 97-yard TD to JuJu Smith-Schuster
Le’Veon Bell celebrated his TD against the Lions by bench pressing with his team
4 ways the Seahawks’ 41-38 win over the Texans was the most bananas game
Texans vs. Seahawks, recapped in a 2-minute read
Deshaun Watson was spun around and still delivered an absolutely perfect TD
Richard Sherman finally got a pick, and he did it by fooling Deshaun Watson
Deshaun Watson told Alfred Blue to block for him, so Blue destroyed a guy
Cowboys vs. Washington game interrupts a Corona commercial with perfect timing
NFL protests 2017: What's happening during Week 8?
Zach Miller and the Bears got screwed by the NFL's confusing catch rule
Seahawks challenged a Russell Wilson incompletion so it could be called a fumble
Bengals turn the tables with pick six vs. Colts right when they looked toast
Earl Thomas baited Deshaun Watson into a pick-6Le’Veon Bell accuses Bengals RB Joe Mixon of copying him
Chargers’ Travis Benjamin ran for a safety on the worst punt return you’ll ever see
Why does the NFL play games in London?
Will London get an NFL team?
Bills surprisingly trade Marcell Dareus to already scary Jaguars defense
Texans’ Bob McNair apologizes for saying NFL can’t have ‘inmates running the prison’
Texans players almost walked out of practice after Bob McNair's 'inmate' comments
Ndamukong Suh said he was protecting himself when he grabbed Ryan Mallett by the throat
Draymond Green responds to Texans owner Bob McNair: ‘Inmates? That’s unacceptable’
Vontaze Burfict was fined for kicking Steelers player on the 2nd play of the game
Anquan Boldin’s aiming for a return, but first he needs to be traded by the Bills
We’ll miss Joe Thomas and all the rumors that the Browns are going to trade him
Joe Flacco’s late slide is another example of one of the most dangerous plays in football
Ravens, Dolphins scuffle after late hit on Joe Flacco
Browns WR Kenny Britt really, really hates playing in London
Roberto Aguayo gets 2nd chance with Panthers. Please let him kick against the Bucs
DeShone Kizer is the Browns’ starter again. Maybe even for both halves in Week 8!
Marshawn Lynch’s 1-game suspension upheld by NFL on appeal
Eagles OT Jason Peters tore his ACL and MCL vs. Washington
5 winners and 5 losers in the Eagles’ 34-24 win over Washington
Eagles offense opens ‘Monday Night Football’ with 4 straight penalties and an interception
T.Y. Hilton reminds the Colts’ offensive line 'they need to block.' He's right.
Chiefs cut C.J. Spiller, re-signed him, cut him, re-signed him, and just cut him again
Joe Thomas will miss the rest of the season with left triceps tear
Duane Brown returns to Texans after nearly 3-month holdout
Cardinals and Dolphins both lost QBs, but only one team is screwed
Jaguars are sacking opposing quarterbacks at a record-breaking pace
Ezekiel Elliott’s career game against the 49ers was just what the Cowboys needed 
Patriots send Falcons into a tailspin they might not be able to pull out of
Falcons OC Steve Sarkisian is calling plays from the booth. Is the fog a factor?
Falcons vs. Patriots on 'Sunday Night Football' is really foggy all of a sudden
Patriots’ first TD vs. Falcons was exactly the same play the Chiefs ran earlier this seasonChris Hogan reps 'Penn State lacrosse' on ‘Sunday Night Football’ intros
Super Bowl 2018 halftime show: Justin Timberlake to perform in Minneapolis
What's happening with the NFL protests in Week 7?
Steelers ran a beautiful fake punt with a double-digit lead to sink the Bengals
Ben Roethlisberger reacting to an official’s ruling is reaction GIF gold
Cowboys K Dan Bailey out for game vs. 49ers, S Jeff Heath kicking off in his place
Cowboys S Jeff Heath (yes) bangs in extra point off upright with loudest CLANG ever
Jason Witten's incredible 1-handed TD catch keeps Cowboys rolling over the 49ers
Melvin Ingram blasted Trevor Siemian with a perfectly legal hit but got flagged anyway
Buccaneers’ desperation last play had 10 laterals, took 43 seconds, and went nowhere
Dolphins WR Kenny Stills makes a circus catch from his back
Marshawn Lynch suspended 1 game for pushing official
The Jaguars and Bears are trying to win without their quarterbacks. Can it be done?
The Chiefs have problems on defense, but it’s too early to panic
Steelers’ Mike Mitchell fined $48k for hit that left Charcandrick West in concussion protocol
Raiders and Chiefs fans react to the wild finish of ‘Thursday Night Football’
Jameis Winston will play against the Buffalo Bills in Week 7
NFL owners vote to move Super Bowl LV from Los Angeles to Tampa in 2021
Everything you need to know about NFL protests during the national anthem
DeShone Kizer is the Browns' starter again. Just stick with him this time.
NFL rejects rule change that would force players to stand for the national anthem
Ezekiel Elliott’s suspension delayed after New York federal court grants NFLPA’s motion
Ezekiel Elliott could begin 6-game suspension after appellate court sides with NFL
Martavis Bryant says he's happy to be with Steelers after trade rumors
7 things we learned in the Titans’ 36-22 win over the Colts
Marcus Mariota will return to field against Colts Monday night
NaVorro Bowman signs 1-year deal with Raiders after release from 49ers
Bengals extend Clark Harris; sign Nickerson to roster; add a practice squad TE
Adrian Peterson looked like his old self in his first game with the Cardinals
Aaron Rodgers’ injury has ripple effects for the entire NFC
49ers hope they have their quarterback in C.J. Beathard
How the Falcons blew a 17-point lead to the DolphinsGiants finally got a win! Here's what we learned from it.
Broncos QB Trevor Siemian returned to ‘Sunday Night Football’ after leaving with a shoulder injury
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie’s suspension is the latest twist in the Giants’ meltdown
Ben McAdoo isn't calling plays for the Giants. Mike Sullivan is.
Andy Reid cost the Chiefs much-needed points on a failed 4th-and-goal attempt
Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette briefly leaves game vs. Rams with ankle injury
Kareem Hunt's badass stiff arm might have finally woken up the Chiefs
Officials cost Jaguars a fumble return with quick whistle
Look at this perfect Chiefs punt
Mitchell Trubisky may have saved John Fox’s job with Bears’ OT win over Ravens
Adrian Peterson took 3 minutes to announce his arrival with the Cardinals
49ers replace Brian Hoyer with C.J. Beathard vs. Washington
Here's a list of every major NFL record Tom Brady holds and the ones he can still break
Ravens get kick return TD thanks to Bobby Rainey tripping over his teammate
What the hell is this Kevin Hogan pick-six?
Golden Tate made 3 Saints defenders look silly, then flipped into the end zone
Tony Romo is calling the Steelers vs. Chiefs game. That should be fun
Matthew Stafford will play in Week 6 Lions vs. Saints game
Derek Carr is back, giving the Raiders hope for a turnaround
Is it time for the Giants to move on from Eli Manning?
NFLPA will ask court for rehearing on Ezekiel Elliott suspension case
49ers release NaVorro Bowman after brief hunt for a trade partner
Titans’ Rishard Matthews says he’ll ‘be done with football' if players are forced to stand for anthem
Lance Kendricks says Puerto Rico response led him to sit for national anthem
Julius Peppers is only the 5th player to ever record 150 career sacks
Bengals place Tyler Eifert on Injured Reserve
Raiders cut Wednesday’s and Thursday’s practices short to protect players from wildfire smoke
Eifert considering season-ending back surgery
Florida man suffers 3rd-degree burns after losing bet on Packers-Cowboys
A mic'd up Duke Johnson correctly predicted Myles Garrett’s first play would be a sack
NFL considering rule to require players to stand for national anthem
President Donald Trump is wrong. The NFL doesn’t get ‘massive tax breaks.’Brandon Marshall says his 2017 season is over due to ankle surgery
6 winners and 3 losers from Vikings’ 20-17 win over the Bears
Vikings celebrate touchdown with duck, duck, goose
Case Keenum replaces Sam Bradford vs. Bears
Sam Bradford was sacked for a safety after he stood in his own end zone forever
J.J. Watt will miss the rest of the season with a fractured leg
Odell Beckham Jr. goes on IR, will have surgery will have
Odell Beckham Jr.’s ankle injury clouds his future with the Giants
Sam Bradford will return from knee injury vs. the Bears
Bucs will release Nick Folk, continuing their downward spiral through NFL kickers
Vikings activate Michael Floyd and release Steven Ridley 4 days after signing him
Alex Smith proves why he’s the frontrunner for 2017 NFL MVP
Deshaun Watson unloaded a perfect 48-yard TD to Will Fuller when the Texans needed it most
3 winners and 2 losers from Chiefs’ 42-34 win over the Texans
Travis Kelce being evaluated for a concussion in Chiefs vs. Texans
Charcandrick West gave us the sassiest TD celebration this season
Deshaun Watson saved a TD with a flawless tackle after a fumble in Chiefs vs. Texans
What's happening with the NFL protests in Week 5?
Aaron Rodgers leads Packers on game-winning drive in yet another classic vs. Cowboys
The Rams' potential game-winning touchdown went off Cooper Kupp's hands
Vice President Mike Pence leaving the Colts game was a 'PR stunt' says 49ers safety Eric Reid
Spero Dedes has a hilariously inappropriate new name for Robert Quinn's sack on Russell Wilson
Browns finally got a lead this season right after benching DeShone Kizer
Larry Fitzgerald is 3rd player to ever go 200 straight games with a reception
Giants finally get 1st quarter points thanks to the Chargers offense screwing up
Marcus Mariota won’t play in Week 5’s Titans vs. Dolphins showdown
Colts unveil Peyton Manning statue outside Lucas Oil Stadium
NFL changes rule that banned some rookies from OTAs. It’s about time
Tom Brady ties Peyton Manning, Brett Favre for most regular season wins by NFL starting QB
Cam Newton thinks it's funny when a female reporter asks about routes, and that's not OK
Rob Gronkowski out for Patriots game vs. Buccaneers with thigh injury
Bengals worked out 3 QBs heading into Week 5Chargers waive Younghoe Koo, our favorite NFL kicker
Tyler Boyd facing several criminal charges following July car crash
Amazon will stream ‘Thursday Night Football’ in 2017
Myles Garrett hints he’ll make his NFL debut against the Jets
Ben Roethlisberger calls Antonio Brown’s outburst a ‘distraction that none of us needs’
Is there really a place for Adrian Peterson in the Saints’ offense?
Danny Trevathan’s suspension for hit on Davante Adams reduced to 1 game on appeal
Derek Carr out 2-6 weeks with a back fracture
11 moments that defined the Chiefs’ 29-20 win over Washington on ‘Monday Night Football’
Travis Kelce got blown up immediately after almost drawing a taunting penalty
Tony Romo watched Derek Carr suffer the same back injury he had in 2014
Seahawks tackle Rees Odhiambo went to the hospital after Colts game with bruised sternum
Seahawks RB Chris Carson lands on IR with fractured leg
Derek Carr has back injury, will miss 2-6 weeks
Marcus Mariota has hamstring strain, might not miss any games
Dalvin Cook will miss the rest of his rookie campaign with a torn ACL
Bears name rookie Mitchell Trubisky starting QB over Mike Glennon
4 winners and 2 losers from Seahawks’ 46-18 win over the Colts
Jacoby Brissett shook off a pick-6 to lead 2 consecutive Colts TD drives
Colts punted from the Seahawks’ 36-yard line and it paid off with a safety
Several Seahawks players sit, Colts players link arms during national anthem for ‘Sunday Night Football’
Larry Fitzgerald saved the Cardinals with a last-minute TD in OT vs. the 49ers
Alejandro Villanueva says he does not want to be used to push any national anthem agenda
Tony Romo called exactly how the Raiders would run out the clock to end the half
Vikings RB Dalvin Cook suffers non-contact knee injury vs. Lions
The 4 dumbest things in the Jets’ 23-20 overtime win over the Jaguars
Deshaun Watson ties rookie QB record with 5 total touchdowns
Browns WR Kenny Britt dropped a ball into a defender’s arms in back-to-back games
O.J. Simpson released from Nevada prison after serving 9 years of 33-year sentence
Chiefs and Falcons are NFL’s last unbeaten teams. How good are they?
Danny Trevathan suspended 2 games for hit on Davante Adams
The Broncos and Raiders are battling to get back on trackTakk McKinley found his lost dreadlock after a game ... on eBay
Odell Beckham Jr. fined $12k for pretending to pee like a dog
Falcons players open up about whether meaning of protest is getting overlooked
Bill Belichick reveals how Josh McDaniels came up with wide-open Chris Hogan TD
Donald Trump's latest NFL claims need some fact checking
Carson Wentz owes Jake Elliott $31,764 for making that game-winning 61-yard kick
Boston University researchers may have found a way to identify CTE in living patients
NFL players responded to Donald Trump with more protests than ever
When will Teddy Bridgewater be back?
Jerry Jones and the Cowboys took a knee before the national anthem
9 moments that defined the Cowboys’ 28-17 win over the Cardinals on ‘Monday Night Football’
Dez Bryant's 69th career touchdown was one of his nicest
Dak Prescott flipped his way into the end zone vs. Cardinals
Steelers' Alejandro Villanueva says he's 'embarrassed' by photo of him standing alone for national anthem
Ranking the performances of every player named Matt in Falcons vs. Lions
Giants’ offense needs Odell Beckham Jr.
All the athletes who joined Kaepernick’s national anthem protest
Josh Norman rips Michael Crabtree and Amari Cooper
6 unlikely heroes from NFL’s Week 3
4 things we learned from Washington’s win over the Raiders
Terrelle Pryor took out a camera guy and a kicking net on a 12-yard catch
Kareem Hunt's NFL career is off to an absolutely ridiculous start
Aaron Rodgers beat the Bengals for the 1st time ever, and he did it in dramatic fashion
Rishard Matthews hit a sick spin move on his way to the end zone
Eagles rookie Jake Elliott makes 61-yard field goal to beat the Giants
Tony Romo predicts the future again on a run play in Bengals vs. Packers
Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin goes to locker room with knee injury
Richard Sherman flagged for 3 penalties on the same play
Richard Sherman causes sideline scuffle with late hit of Marcus Mariota out of bounds
Deshaun Watson steps into spotlight, despite 36-33 loss to Patriots
Odell Beckham Jr. becomes fastest WR ever to 300 career receptions with athletic TD
Bears and Steelers gave us the wackiest ending to a half this yearRob Gronkowski made a nice catch to get to 69 career receiving touchdowns
3 winners and 3 losers in the Jaguars’ 44-7 demolition of the Ravens in London
Sam Bradford only has a bone bruise in his left knee
Why is Ravens vs. Jaguars on Yahoo?
NFL and NFLPA respond to Donald Trump's call for protesting players to be fired
Which 2-0 and 0-2 teams will see their fortunes change?
No, the NFL isn’t about to abandon LA and send the Chargers back to San Diego
Giants TE Evan Engram’s 1st career TD celebration featured a costly crotch grab
49ers' loss to Rams offered hope for their offense
Sam Bradford will not play against the Buccaneers
Aaron Hernandez had 'severe' CTE, according to researchers at Boston University
Why do the Jaguars play in London every year?
Brian Hoyer, Kyle Shanahan had nothing to say about late-game OPI call
The NFC West is vying with the AFC South to be the NFL’s saddest division
The next phase of Charles Tillman's career after football will be the FBI, per report
Corey Coleman placed on IR after breaking his hand again
Greg Olsen on IR, expected to miss about 6 games due to broken right foot
Lions K Matt Prater made 1 of the most dramatic field goals you’ll ever see
Mike Glennon is making it hard for the Bears to be patient about Mitchell Trubisky
Odell Beckham Jr. will play against the Lions on 'Monday Night Football'
Su’a Cravens won't play in 2017 and Washington doesn't seem very happy about it
5 things that went wrong for the Cowboys against the Broncos
NFL denied emergency stay in Ezekiel Elliott case, but has appealed to higher court
Dolphins LB Lawrence Timmons went AWOL. What’s going on?
Desmond Trufant reveals how he got the best of Aaron Rodgers (twice)
Jordy Nelson exits Falcons game with quad injury
Bengals’ next step may be benching Andy Dalton
Falcons free throw TD celebration was so good, NBC played the ‘NBA on NBC’ theme
The Cowboys were dominated for the 1st time in a long time in 42-17 loss to the Broncos
Seahawks finally scored a TD and it was enough to beat the 49ers
Chargers open tenure in new home with another heartbreaking loss
Tom Brady hopes Colin Kaepernick ‘gets a shot’ in the NFLJoe Thomas has played 10,000 consecutive snaps. That’s unreal.
Kenny Stills celebrates a TD vs. the Chargers with LaDainian Tomlinson’s signature move
Antonio Gates is the all-time leader in TDs among tight ends
Jay Cutler threw 1 of the worst Hail Mary tries ever, but it may have been by design
Bruce Arians blames struggles on Carson Palmer, QB responds with big 4th quarter
Cam Newton leaves game with leg injury vs. Bills, returns without missing a snap
DeShone Kizer comes back from migraine in Browns vs. Ravens
T.J. Watt leaves game for Steelers with groin injury
Here’s why the lighting at the Falcons’ new stadium looks so bright
Sam Bradford out vs. Steelers due to knee injury
Buccaneers, Jaguars, and Dolphins will sport helmet decal named 'One Florida' for Irma
Stefon Diggs celebrates a TD with an homage to Vikings legend Randy Moss
Bengals fire offensive coordinator Ken Zampese after 2 games with 0 TDs
Colin Kaepernick, still a free agent, named NFLPA Community MVP for charitable work
NFL files appeal of Ezekiel Elliott injunction
Adrian Peterson ‘didn’t sign up for 9 snaps’ per game with the Saints
Color Rush uniforms are back, beginning Thursday with the Bengals and Texans
Deshaun Watson makes 1st NFL start on his own birthday, just like Brock Osweiler did
Tom Savage shouldn't be benched for his terrible play, says his agent
Brian Cushing suspended 10 games for PEDs
Terrible offensive lines ruined the first week of the NFL season
Deshaun Watson named Texans’ starter for Week 2 against Bengals
ESPN’s ‘The Fantasy Show’ has a unique approach to talking about players’ injuries
Chris Johnson re-signs with Cardinals with David Johnson headed to IR
David Johnson to have wrist surgery and will miss 2-3 months, per report
5 takeaways from the Broncos’ 24-21 win over the Chargers
The 1st hilarious Philip Rivers GIF of 2017 came on the Chargers’ opening drive
Nope, that’s not Vance Joseph, ESPN
5 winners and 4 losers from the Vikings’ 29-19 win over the Saints
Rams’ Johnny Hekker now has the most guaranteed money ever for a punter
David Johnson suffers wrist injury vs. Lions
Who is Beth Mowins, ESPN's play-by-play announcer for 'Monday Night Football’?Kevin White is done for the year with fractured scapula
49ers LB Reuben Foster suffers high ankle sprain vs. Panthers
Eagles CB Ronald Darby out 4-6 weeks with a dislocated ankle
Deshaun Watson is expected to start for the Texans in Week 2
Seahawks’ offensive line still looked terrible in Week 1 against the Packers
T.J. Watt started his career with stats his brother J.J. has never had
3 reasons the Cowboys dominated the Giants on ‘Sunday Night Football’
Cole Beasley caught a pass of his dang nameplate 
Vontaze Burfict shares Steelers’ dirty plays on Twitter
Giants OL allows a sack on Eli Manning during their ‘Sunday Night Football’ intros
Allen Robinson suffers ACL injury vs. Texans in Week 1
Aaron Rodgers proves once again that no one is better at free plays
Odell Beckham Jr. won’t play vs. Cowboys on ‘Sunday Night Football’
Jared Goff, former No. 1 overall pick, won his first NFL game by beating the Colts
J.J. Watt goes to locker room with injured finger vs. Jaguars
Deshaun Watson replaces Tom Savage at quarterback
Browns express message of unity and equality in video prior to national anthem
Saints' trade for Jon Dorenbos likely saved his life after heart condition discovery
Aaron Donald ends holdout, rejoins Rams
Ezekiel Elliott receives injunction from federal court delaying 6-game suspension
The Chiefs just signed C.J. Spiller for the 3rd time. Here’s why they can’t seem to make up their mind.
Browns release Calvin Pryor for fighting a teammate 3 months after trading for him
AFC North: Garrett out; Bell ready; Week 1 preview
NFL TV ratings were still down for fun Chiefs vs. Patriots opener
Patriots’ loss to Chiefs means it's time to retire the 28-3 meme
NFL issues new 6-game suspension to former Giants kicker Josh Brown
Demetrius Harris shot a free throw after scoring the Chiefs’ 1st TD of the season
Roger Goodell was booed by Patriots fans at season opener vs. Chiefs, then disappeared
Roger Goodell knows exactly how Patriots fans will greet him
Las Vegas police respond to Michael Bennett’s allegations of excessive force
Hurricane Irma forces Buccaneers vs. Dolphins to be rescheduled for Week 11
Ezekiel Elliott's 6-game suspension upheld by NFLBuccaneers-Dolphins Week 1 game moved due to Hurricane Irma
NFL files motion to dismiss Ezekiel Elliott’s federal lawsuit
State of the AFC North: Recapping big roster cuts and trades
Tyrod Taylor cleared to start Week 1 for Bills
Philip Rivers bought a ridiculously cool SUV so he can study film during his San Diego-Los Angeles commute
‘Monday Night Football’ will have Spanish-language simulcast on ESPN2
The most important NFL practice squad signings and waiver claims
Le’Veon Bell ends holdout and rejoins Steelers
Andrew Luck ruled out for Colts’ Week 1 game vs. Rams
All the moves leading up to the NFL’s Sept. 2 roster cut deadline
Washington talked 22-year-old Su’a Cravens out of retiring for now
T.J. Ward lands with the Buccaneers on a 1-year deal
Explaining PUP, NFI, IR and other roster designations
Brock Osweiler’s last 18 months come full circle with return to Broncos
What's going on with Andrew Luck?
Browns cut Brock Osweiler, like everyone thought they would in March
Mike Williams, Chargers’ 1st-round pick, coming off PUP list
Patriots cash in third-string QB Jacoby Brissett for Colts bust Phillip Dorsett
Matt Jones released by Washington at final roster cuts
Brandon Weeden running out of NFL chances after release from Texans
Steelers trade Sammie Coates to Browns on final cuts day
Broncos cut T.J. Ward, but don't expect him to be on the market for long
Ezekiel Elliott files lawsuit alleging NFL ‘conspiracy’ resulted in 6-game suspension
Martavis Bryant reinstated by NFL after serving year-long ban
Are the Jets really tanking?
Seahawks and Jets swap Jermaine Kearse and Sheldon Richardson
Jeff Driskel broke 2 fingers but does not need surgery, per report
Terrell Owens is 43 and insulted he’s not on an NFL roster
Le’Veon Bell’s holdout will end soon, but he’s finishing it with rap battles on Twitter
Burfict suspended 3 games to start NFL season after appeal
Vontaze Burfict’s 5-game suspension reduced to 3 games after appeal
“Very good case” presented by Burfict in appeal; decision expected within 48 hoursSteelers sign former Browns Pro Bowl cornerback Joe Haden
The Colts, Titans and Vikings got into a Twitter spat. Then the dictionary owned them all.
‘Hard Knocks’ recap: Bucs have a Montell Jordan sing-along
Texans vs. Cowboys Week 4 preseason game canceled
Aaron Rodgers believes Colin Kaepernick’s protests are the reason he’s unsigned
Texans vs. Cowboys game moved to AT&T Stadium because of Harvey canceled
J.J. Watt raising money for Hurricane Harvey recovery
Jets rumored to be shopping Matt Forte
Browns reportedly shopping Joe Haden, Cameron Erving before season starts
Who will be the NFL’s next highest-paid player?
Bengals place Cedric Peerman on IR; Brandon Wilson cleared to practice
Bengals trade LB Marquis Flowers to Patriots
How much money is too much to pay an NFL quarterback?
3 signs the Jets are headed for football armageddon
Bills trade 2016 2nd-round pick Reggie Ragland to the Chiefs
Burfict: I’ve let down my teammates; Chiefs player said hit was legal
Bengals believe Vontaze Burfict’s suspension-causing hit was legal
Vontaze Burfict facing 5-game suspension
Bengals’ Kevin Huber turns in first sassy punter moment of 2017
Burfict injured, evaluated for concussion; Hill injures ankle
Vontaze Burfict celebrated a pick-6 in Washington by dancing in the stands
Jets claim Kony Ealy off waivers after he was cut by the Patriots
The 7 worst plays from Saturday’s NFL preseason games
Taco Charlton’s taco celebration was the most fun moment of the NFL preseason
Julian Edelman suffers season-ending ACL tear in preseason game against Lions
Edelman, Ware injuries show how dangerous preseason can be
49ers release outside linebacker Ahmad Brooks after 9 seasons
Fox Sports hires Michael Vick as analyst
Shawn Williams recovering well, targeting return in opener vs Ravens
5 winners and 2 losers from Thursday night’s preseason NFL games
Blake Bortles made a business decision to not tackle a guy who picked him off
The Jaguars tried a fake punt in a preseason game and it actually workedThis 333-pound Dolphins player's TD didn't count, but it was glorious
Cam Newton’s finally playing, and he hit Kelvin Benjamin for a TD on his first series
LeSean McCoy is the latest person to have a bad take about Colin Kaepernick
Vikings invite Olivia Munn to be the team’s newest fan
Jeff Driskel talks Bengals culture, offensive line, life as a third string QB
Chad Henne named Jaguars starting quarterback. Whatever.
Do you think Tony Romo named his newborn son after Jerry Jones?
Cody Core back at Bengals practice following ankle injury
AFC North: QB drama for Browns; Bell to return soon; Ravens offense struggling
A.J. Green says John Ross will make NFL debut at Washington; ‘RELAX’ about offense
Jaguars DE Dante Fowler charged with 3 misdemeanors
Domestic violence expert shares details of Ezekiel Elliott investigation
Roger Goodell isn’t going away anytime soon
Anquan Boldin announces retirement, saying, ‘My life’s purpose is bigger than football’
It’s preseason for NFL punters, too
Jaylon Smith returns to start for Cowboys in preseason 19 months after knee injury
Shawn Williams suffers gruesome elbow injury vs Chiefs
Le’Veon Bell turned down a 5-year deal with the Steelers at the last minute, per report
The Jaguars can still find a better QB than Blake Bortles this season
NFLPA’s DeMaurice Smith says work stoppage in 2021 is ‘almost a virtual certainty’
Marshawn Lynch dodged questions about sitting for the national anthem like only he can
Buccaneers, Rays, Lightning help efforts to relocate Confederate monument from Tampa
The Colts are having a crappy August
Michael Bennett says blackballing of Colin Kaepernick keeps others from speaking out
Saints fire 2 doctors who failed to diagnose a fractured leg
NFL and NFLPA went to Twitter to trade insults about Ezekiel Elliott’s suspension
Let Gerald McCoy teach you all about the NFL's new celebration rules
Ezekiel Elliott files appeal of 6-game suspension
Ezekiel Elliott suspended for 6 games following domestic violence investigation
Ezekiel Elliott's suspension appeal won't be heard by Roger Goodell
NFL allowing players to wear custom cleats without fines, finally
Jets receiver is way too optimistic about the team’s WR corpsThomas Davis gets the extension he was looking for from the Panthers
Bruce Arians is fed up with the Cardinals WRs, says ‘they’ve been warned’
Roger Goodell said a whole bunch of nothing about national anthem protests
Ryan Mathews released after 2 years with Eagles
William Jackson “favorite” to start Week 1 in place of Adam Jones
Michael Bennett will sit for the national anthem in support of racial equality
The 9 best moments from Sunday’s NFL preseason action
Carl Lawson “may miss some time” with shoulder injury
Kyle and Chris Long speak out about violent protests in Charlottesville
Bears claim former Buccaneers 2nd-round pick Roberto Aguayo
Colts’ field logos had too much paint and they’re removing it with vacuums
Marshawn Lynch sat during the national anthem in his first game out of retirement
Bucs cut kicker Roberto Aguayo a year after taking him in the second round
Ryan Tannehill will have season-ending knee surgery
The Rams’ long-term plan is to find out if Jared Goff is good
The Bills traded Sammy Watkins and Ronald Darby and are clearly rebuilding now
Branden Albert’s un-retirement and release is the Jaguars’ first loss of the season
The worst plays from Thursday’s NFL preseason games.
Mitchell Trubisky says Mike Glennon's still the starter, but makes a case for top spot
DeShone Kizer looks better than Brock Osweiler and Cody Kessler
Let’s guess Aaron Rodgers' favorite ‘Game of Thrones’ character
David Quessenberry returned to play for Texans after 3-year battle with cancer
Byron Leftwich will call plays for Cardinals in preseason game vs. Raiders
Bears won't let a reporter take photos, so he draws plays instead
NFL will employ up to 24 full-time referees for 2017 and beyond
Vince Wilfork retired, and Bob Kraft and Bill Belichick had some stories to tell
Bengals sign new punter; WR Jake Kumerow placed on IR
Donavin Newsom will be released from hospital after collision with teammate
Marvin Lewis back with Bengals after “minor health issue”
Report of Broncos trying to trade for AJ McCarron “150 percent false”
Devonta Freeman’s extension is a win for him and the Falcons
Marvin Lewis misses Bengals training camp practice due to “minor health issue”A reporter asked Blake Bortles how he was handling the time difference in New England
Brandin Cooks could become Tom Brady’s best receiver since Randy Moss
Bengals TE C.J. Uzomah diagnosed with ankle sprain
Malik McDowell’s ATV accident injuries could cost him his rookie year with Seahawks
Should Bengals consider trading for Branden Albert?
Veteran CB Brandon Flowers announces his retirement from the NFL
Quincy Enunwa, the Jets' best receiver, is out for the 2017 season
C.J. Uzomah carted off field with injury during Bengals training camp
Jay Cutler has been back in the NFL for 1 day, and he’s already a meme
Dolphins WR Jarvis Landry is under investigation for battery
Vince Wilfork announced his retirement in a ribs commercial
Jay Cutler unretires to join Dolphins on 1-year, $10 million deal
LaDainian Tomlinson’s Hall of Fame speech about unity was the best of the night
Dolphins may have to sideline Ryan Tannehill. If they do, then what?
Jim Plunkett details health problems, says 'My life sucks'
Terrell Davis voices CTE concerns on the eve of Hall of Fame induction
Blaine Gabbert is fake news
Seahawks’ Germain Ifedi leaves training camp bloodied after fight with Frank Clark
Devon Still signs with Jets
Jerry Jones built a Hall of Fame legacy for knowing how to ‘stir it up a little bit’
Ryan Tannehill may need season-ending knee surgery
6 reasons the NFL Hall of Fame game wasn’t a waste of time
Kurt Warner’s family almost missed his Hall of Fame induction party
Gerald McCoy and Kevin Pamphile are as excited about Game of Thrones as you are
Aaron Rodgers wants to still be playing for the Packers when he’s 40
Trump names Woody Johnson as US ambassador to United Kingdom
Joe Mixon suffers injury in Bengals training camp
Malik McDowell reports to Seahawks camp following ATV accident
Will Fuller broke his collarbone, and he’ll miss 2-3 months
40 reasons why Tom Brady is the NFL’s most polarizing player
Kirk Cousins spit some bars from ‘Hamilton’ during training camp
Marshawn Lynch and Macklemore team up to make fun of Tom BradyTitans WR Rishard Matthews honors Barack and Michelle Obama with tattoo
Colin Kaepernick has some of the NFL's best-selling merchandise
Chargers don’t want Philip Rivers and Antonio Gates to go to LaDainian Tomlinson’s HOF induction
Seahawks invest more in secondary with Kam Chancellor’s $36 million extension
Bruce Arians won’t play starters in Hall of Fame game because it’s just not worth it
NFL willing to work with NFLPA on research about marijuana use for pain management
Patriots’ Julian Edelman and Stephon Gilmore booted from practice for fighting
Drew Brees is coming for Peyton Manning’s records
Report: Bengals safety George Iloka out 3-4 weeks with knee injury
Gareon Conley cleared after grand jury decides against indictment
Branden Albert announces retirement months after being traded to the Jaguars
Rob Gronkowski is going to eat like Tom Brady
Blake Bortles threw 5 picks in one training camp practice
Who the hell is new Ravens QB David Olson?
Cowboys just got handed their 16th suspension in 4 seasons
NFL’s partnership with National Institutes of Health to end with $16 million unused
NFL teams have the upper hand with player holdouts this year
Ready for some head trauma? What to make of CTE in the NFL news
No, NFL viewership wasn't down because of anthem protests
Ben McAdoo talking about a sex lion proves he has excellent taste in TV
Le’Veon Bell didn’t report for Steelers training camp
Explaining PUP, NFI, IR and other roster designations
Joe Flacco dealing with back injury as Ravens prepare to begin training camp
Adam Schefter believes NFL owners have ‘blocked teams’ from signing Colin Kaepernick
Attention NFL players: Leave your nipple rings at home
Jaguars asked fans to GIF their training camp excitement and it was a disaster
Dontari Poe and Alex Smith earned extra cash just for losing weight and showing up
Colin Kaepernick could be just who the Ravens need right now
Lucky Whitehead gets a shot with Jets after drama-fueled release from Cowboys
Bengals place 2 rookies on injury lists to start training camp
Julio Jones lost a $100k earring in a lake
Everson Griffen gets huge 4-year, $58 million extension from Vikings after back-to-back Pro BowlsTamba Hali went on a Twitter rant about the Chiefs
Cowboys rookie Jourdan Lewis found not guilty in domestic assault case
Live updates from NFL training camps Tuesday
Michael Vick is starting his coaching career as an intern for the Chiefs
Dolphins sign veteran CB Alterraun Verner right before training camp
Baby Hawk retires from NFL, writes letter to Bengals fans
CTE found in 99 percent of former NFL players’ brains donated in new study
Cowboys cut Lucky Whitehead after arrest warrant issued and later dropped
Odell Beckham Jr. flew to Texas to visit a sick kid days before training camp
Jason Pierre-Paul says it’s possible for the Giants to go undefeated in 2017
NFL suspends Bengals' Adam Jones for season opener vs. Ravens
Trent Williams is a vegan now and convinced other Washington linemen to change their diet too
Michael Oher released by Panthers due to failed physical
O.J. Simpson granted parole, set to be released as early as October
Trai Turner gets extension from Panthers on Marty Hurney’s 1st day as GM
Le’Veon Bell wants to be paid as a No. 1 RB and a No. 2 WR (but he won't be)
Ezekiel Elliott’s case over late-night incident at Dallas bar suspended by Dallas police
Panthers re-hire Marty Hurney as interim GM, 5 years after firing him
Who is James Conner, and why is he leading the NFL in rookie jersey sales?
Kirk Cousins says ‘1-year deals are the best option’ in the NFL. Does he have a point?
Kirk Cousins says all the right things after Washington threw him under the bus
Broncos fans disappointed by team's new policy to revoke season tickets
Le’Veon Bell doesn’t get new deal from Steelers. Was it the right move?
Kirk Cousins didn’t sign a long-term deal with Washington. What’s next for both sides?
Tracking which NFL players signed long-term deals before July 17 deadline
As expected, Trumaine Johnson doesn’t sign long-term deal with Rams
Panthers unexpectedly fire GM Dave Gettleman
Randy Moss didn't need to line up correctly to catch a 50-yard TD from Tom Brady
Texans rookie RB D’Onta Foreman arrested on drug, weapon charges
Michael Floyd suspended first 4 games of season due to ‘extreme DUI’
Martavis Bryant wants to have a 'man-to-man' conversation with Ben Roethlisberger
Tony Romo insists he’s retired for goodWill NFL players ‘be willing to strike’ for better pay in 2021?
Bruce Arians dedicates this season for 'everyone who's dealing with cancer'
2017 Supplemental Draft: Rules, players, eligibility, how it works
The Chiefs have found their new GM after a bizarre offseason
Here's a reasonable take comparing Eli Manning to LeBron James
Demaryius Thomas hopes the Broncos have a starting QB early in camp
Jim Mora is too uncomfortable with the Colts to attend Peyton Manning's statue unveiling
Jets will probably be bad this year, and still might miss out on QB Sam Darnold
AFC North: Ravens lead NFL in drug suspensions, Bell contract talks continue
Marshawn Lynch even makes exhibition soccer games more fun
Nike goes after Rob Gronkowski, claiming his logo looks too similar to the Jumpman
Dorial Green-Beckham’s disappointing career takes another hit after release from Eagles
Von Miller, Khalil Mack and other sack artists met for a ‘pass-rushing summit’
Raiders fans suing to keep name, colors in Oakland, and they'll probably lose
How Russell Wilson is losing weight by eating 4,800 calories a day
NFL pushes back plans to play in China from 2018 to 2019
Marshawn Lynch is giving 2,000 kids free tickets to a water park
Cowboys lost another DL to suspension
Vince Young asks why Ryan Fitzpatrick has a job and he doesn’t
Matt Ryan is using blown Super Bowl as motivation in new commercial
Rob Gronkowski and others ruined roast of David Ortiz with racist jokes
3 Bengals taking part in free youth football camps in local communities
Taco Charlton finally has a taco-related endorsement deal from Taco Bueno
Which NFL teams won’t live up to the hype this season?
Michael Floyd sentenced to 1 day in jail for testing positive for alcohol
Cam Newton throws for the first time since surgery in dramatic locker room video
Nick Fairley will miss 2017 NFL season after Saints place him on NFI list with heart condition
NFL Shop has no idea where the Washington NFL team is located
Derek Carr is excited to spend his $125 million contract on Chick-fil-A
Why the Chiefs fired general manager John Dorsey
Derek Carr's $125 million extension makes him the highest-paid player in the NFL
Chiefs shockingly part ways with GM John DorseyAndy Reid gets an extension from Chiefs after back-to-back trips to the playoffs
Raiders were smart to pay their quarterback sooner rather than later
Tom Brady tried sumo wrestling and proved that he should stick to football
Derek Carr won’t be the NFL’s highest-paid player for long
State of the AFC North: What Maclin means for Ravens; Garrett injury update
The Patriots sign David Harris after Jets dumped him
Warren Sapp is the latest former NFL player to pledge his brain for CTE research
NFL Dates 2017-2018: Every event of note on the league calendar
Matt Prater and Sam Martin got their wisdom teeth removed together
Congratulations to these 5 QBs, who have the best receiving corps of their careers
Antonio Brown put Roger Goodell on his Snapchat story and it’s too awkward
Tom Brady wants the Patriots to play a game in China before he retires
Eric Decker signs with Titans, giving Marcus Mariota another new target
Bengals still fostering a genuine kicking competition
Michael Floyd reportedly violates house arrest by testing for alcohol
Randy Moss was overcome with emotion remembering the late Dennis Green
Christian McCaffrey finally got to make his OTA debut on the last day of Panthers minicamp
Ryan Shazier wants the Steelers to end the NFL's 'Patriots problem'
The Rams only have 2 players left on the roster from RG3 trade
Sheldon Richardson says he won’t ‘chase a ring’ the way Kevin Durant did
Rams trade former No. 2 pick Greg Robinson to Lions for a 2018 6th-round selection
Hue Jackson says he'll decide Browns QB rotation after his '5th mai tai'
Cody Core carted off field in Bengals minicamp with leg injury
Saints superfan Jarrius Robertson will receive Jimmy V Award at ESPYS
Eddie Lacy and Dontari Poe earned more money this week for weighing less
Christian Hackenberg threw a pass that was worse than we could have imagined
Lawrence Okoye turns down Oxford education for Dolphins training camp
Doug Williams gets a promotion, but there's still no GM in Washington
State of the AFC North: Ravens sign Maclin; Antonio Brown put on blast, again
Why I'm glad Michael Vick got the chance to retire as a Falcon
Jeremy Maclin gives Ravens much-needed receiving boost
Former Chargers LT King Dunlap retires from NFL after 9-year careerDavid Quessenberry wins 2017 George Halas award after 3-year cancer battle
Odell Beckham back with the Giants for mandatory minicamp
Tyvis Powell cut by Browns on the day he was set to throw out first pitch for Indians
Michael Vick will be honored with retirement ceremony from the Falcons
Julian Edelman's new contract extension is Patriots' latest smart move
Dennis Pitta released by Ravens after dislocating hip for the 3rd time
Odell Beckham Jr. isn’t at OTAs because he wants to be paid what he’s worth
Shareece Wright paid $632 for an Uber to get to a voluntary Bills practice
Bengals rookie RB Joe Mixon to train with Adrian Peterson this summer
Bengals add new twist to OTAs
James Harrison has already been drug tested 3 times this offseason
Dak Prescott already has a master’s degree, now he’s aiming for a doctorate
Davon House found a ride from Minnesota to Green Bay on Twitter
Jets won’t discipline Darron Lee for heated altercation, but NFL might
Jets cut David Harris in the middle of OTAs after 10 seasons
Bill Belichick deflects Gisele's claims that Tom Brady suffered a concussion
Christian McCaffrey is this year’s victim of a dumb OTA rule that hurts rookies
J.J. Watt is too humble to agree with his NFL Network Top 100 ranking
Jamaal Charles wants to prove he can still be 'the man'
Seahawks sign QB Austin Davis over Colin Kaepernick
Ravens cut Kyle Arrington, add Brandon Boykin and Al-Hajj Shabazz
Mike Zimmer returns to work after recovering from 8th eye surgery
ESPN is bringing back Hank Williams Jr. to ‘Monday Night Football,’ for some reason
Jeremy Maclin could reunite with LeSean McCoy in Buffalo
Saints’ Nick Fairley has a heart condition that could end his career, per report
A Vontaze story everybody should read: Burfict on mission to stop bullying
NFL lifts ban on hard liquor commercials during games
Chiefs release Jeremy Maclin after injury-plagued season
Pete Carroll says Colin Kaepernick is 'a starter in this league'
Ray Rice is now an assistant coach at his former high school
Ravens’ bad luck in OTAs continues with hip injury to Dennis Pitta
Colin Kaepernick is getting an overwhelming amount of fan mailAdrian Peterson hasn't even put on pads, and his Saints teammates are raving about him
Broncos have 1 good quarterback if they just combine Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch
Christine Michael signs with Colts. Will he stick this time?
Takk McKinley can't stop dancing after seeing 2 commas in his bank account
Calvin Pryor will fit right in with Cavs fans in Cleveland
Calvin Pryor trade is a win-win for the Jets and Browns
These quotes about the Jets' QBs are making us sad
Hue Jackson actually said something nice about Brock Osweiler
Sammie Coates’ broken finger is healed, but it doesn't look like it
Nick Vigil ready to make a jump in sophomore season
Bengals WR A.J. Green wants to play for at least 7 more years
Connor Shaw is destined to be with the Chicago Bears
Christian Kirksey is no household name, but got a huge extension. Here's why.
Nolan Carroll arrested for DWI after event celebrating signing with Cowboys
NFLPA is warning players to start saving money now for a 2021 lockout
State of the AFC North: Browns hire Grigson; high hopes for Perriman
Colin Kaepernick is available because teams ‘can’t get over a protest’
Richard Sherman is paying for this student’s college because she made honor roll
Did Spike Lee just break news that Colin Kaepernick signed with the Seahawks?
Goodell reached out to Chad Johnson for advice on celebration rules
Aaron Rodgers hopes to play until he’s 45 like Tom Brady
Brandin Cooks, Josh Norman hope NFL now allows their bow and arrow celebrations
Richard Sherman is not over the Seahawks' Super Bowl XLIX loss
Bucs’ own coach blasts team tweet that mocked Falcons' blown Super Bowl lead
Victor Cruz claims Giants didn’t target him in 2016 so he’d be easy to cut in the offseason
Stop ripping Kelvin Benjamin because of a 6-second video
NFC South teams get an extra practice squad player this season
The NFL's best overreactions come at OTAs. This year is no different
Ryan Grigson turns failed stint with Colts into an executive job with the Browns
Bruce Arians, who coached a 6-6 tie in 2016, loves the NFL's new OT rule
Teddy Bridgewater’s not practicing yet, but he’s close to rejoining the Vikings
Ezekiel Elliott just can’t stop getting in car crashesAntonio Brown wants offensive linemen in his TD celebrations now that it's allowed
2018 NFL Pro Bowl returning to Orlando
Roger Goodell tweeted a joke after relaxing NFL celebration rules. Really. 
Pro Bowl will return to Orlando in 2018 and keep everything that made it more fun
Odell Beckham Jr. signs biggest Nike shoe deal ever for NFL player
Sheldon Richardson can't stop taking shots at former Jets teammate Brandon Marshall
Rob Gronkowski's new deal with Patriots could make him the highest-paid TE
Grading the NFL’s new rules for the 2017 season
Roberto Aguayo fails his 1st test against Nick Folk at Bucs' OTAs
There’s now only 1 roster cutdown day in the NFL
NFL OT is shortened to 10 minutes. Does it matter?
NFL tables rule that would allow teams to negotiate with coaches during playoffs
Mike Nugent wants to play 8 more years in NFL
Tony Romo is the most dad DJ ever
Fans will be able to place bets on their phone from inside Raiders’ Las Vegas stadium
We can’t wait to watch Michael Vick in the American Flag Football League
Rams and Chargers have to wait another year for their new LA stadium
Tom Brady suffered an unreported concussion last season, according to Gisele
Caleb Brantley in the clear after assault charge dismissed
Tre Boston signed with Chargers because of chance gas station encounter
Limiting NFL regular season OT to 10 minutes won’t make football safer
LeGarrette Blount gives the Eagles the bruising running back they were missing
People won’t stop tweeting Devonta Freeman about Super Bowl LI
Michael Bennett believes Seahawks would be ‘perfect place’ for Colin Kaepernick
Beth Mowins will do play-by-play for ‘Monday Night Football’ in Week 1
Adam ‘Pacman’ Jones apologizes after accepting plea deal for January arrest
Colin Kaepernick is training to be a starting quarterback again
Aaron Rodgers removed dairy products from his diet because of his ‘irritable bowels’
Eddie Lacy earned $55K for weighing less than 255 pounds today
Tom Brady won’t admit he’s the G.O.A.T.
Look at how much these NFL players love their moms
J.J. Watt is healthy enough to hit home runs at his charity softball gameRolando McClain arrested on marijuana, firearm charges
Tom Brady has to fight off the Madden curse, in addition to Father Time
Tom Brady is on the cover of ‘Madden 18: G.O.A.T. Edition’
Joe Thomas on Browns picture day is one of our favorite things
Josh Gordon denied reinstatement by NFL
A pair of Titans players allegedly beat up a fan over his 2017 NFL draft opinions
Get ready for the next wave of NFL free agency
Jeff Fisher tells Rams players he was fired in 1st ‘All or Nothing’ trailer
AFC North: Garrett gets Steelers’ attention; Blount not the answer for Ravens
Bengals projected to receive 3 compensatory picks in 2018
Bills raid Panthers again to hire their new general manager
Mike Tomlin cracks Patriots joke during commencement speech
Joe Mixon ranked among top 7 offensive rookie of the year candidates
The Colts are turning to the Green Berets to build a better roster
Aaron Hernandez’s murder conviction voided after suicide
John Ross thankful and feeling good after signing rookie contract
The Saints offense already has a big problem, and it's only May
Usain Bolt says John Ross has “zero chance” against him
Jay Cutler retires to join FOX broadcasting booth
Patriots invite Australian rugby player and trick-shot kicker for tryouts
Jay Cutler will follow Tony Romo’s lead into retirement and head for television
NFL teams are at it again on Star Wars Day
Doug Martin escapes car crash with minor cuts and bruises
Pete Carroll confirms Richard Sherman trade talks are pretty much dead
49ers CEO Jed York wants to make peace with Jim Harbaugh
Verizon paid $21 million for the right to stream Jaguars vs. Ravens in Week 3
Teddy Bridgewater’s recovery from injury could push his contract into 2018
Bengals think their new draft pick Carl Lawson is only 16 years old
Saints' Twitter account roasts fan who didn't know Adrian Peterson's real nickname
Gareon Conley’s attorney says there was a ‘consensual sexual event’ with accuser
Hopefully Deshaun Watson and Patrick Mahomes won’t be the next Ryan Leaf
Teddy Bridgewater might not get a 5th year with the VikingsEven the 49ers were confused why the Bears traded up for Mitchell Trubisky
Takkarist McKinley won’t be fined by NFL, later or otherwise
AFC North: Browns turn heads; Ravens forget Flacco; Steelers hard to peg
NFL Draft 2017 Day 3 recap: Bengals get a steal, falling players, PR nightmares
Buffalo Bills fire general manager Doug Whaley 1 day after the draft
Bengals hope Hardy Nickerson will live up to his family name
Justin Forsett and other NFL players offer encouragement to undrafted free agents
Yes, there were a ridiculous number of trades in the NFL draft
Patriots signed undrafted free agent twins Cody and Jacob Hollister
NFL draft 2017: Winners and losers from Day 3
Chad Kelly could be Broncos’ starting QB of the future, but now he’s Mr. Irrelevant
Raiders make Day 3 picks from ‘Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas’ sign
Browns drafted Caleb Brantley but assault charge may force team to cut him
Jake Elliott, not Zane Gonzalez, was the first kicker taken in the 2017 NFL Draft
Eagles-Cowboys rivalry doesn't chill, even for the NFL Draft
NFL draft grades 2017: Experts split on Day 2 picks
2017 NFL draft: Winners and losers from Friday
Cowboys legend Drew Pearson hilariously trolled Eagles fans like wrestling heel
NFL draft results 2017: Big trades kick off eventful 2nd round
Panthers get dual Swiss Army knives in McCaffery, Samuel
Darqueze Dennard has 5th-year option picked up by Bengals
Reuben Foster hung up on Saints when 49ers drafted him
Myles Garrett can’t wait to sack Ben Roethlisberger
Deshaun Watson was the Texans’ pick, but he might not be the starter
Gary Barnidge released by Browns 1 day after they draft TE David Njoku
NFL Draft Day 1 Recap: Bengals make fans happy, trades plentiful, “fine me later”
Browns scoop up 3 picks in eventful 1st round
T.J. Watt isn’t his brother, and that’s just fine for the Steelers
Gareon Conley accused of sexual assault days before NFL draft
Deshaun Watson just wins. Will that continue with the Texans?
Drafting Mitchell Trubisky before Deshaun Watson would be ‘slap in the face’
Deshaun Watson warns of ‘consequences' of picking Mitchell Trubisky over himMyles Garrett’s mom put Warren Sapp in his place after he criticized her son
It’s been 11 years since there was drama over the No. 1 NFL draft pick
Browns might *seriously* pass on Myles Garrett for Mitchell Trubisky at No. 1
Marshawn Lynch got permission from Charles Woodson to wear No. 24 for the Raiders
Raiders, Seahawks agree to terms on Marshawn Lynch trade
4 reasons we’re so happy Marshawn Lynch is back in the NFL
Daryl Washington reinstated to return to Cardinals after 3 years of suspensions
Caleb Brantley charged after allegedly knocking out woman
The Giants would be smart to sign LeGarrette Blount
Falcons WR Mohamed Sanu got a surprise note from a family who shared his flight
Jake Long, 2008 No. 1 pick, says 'my body is telling me' to retire
Browns could flunk the draft by trading up for Mitchell Trubisky
Saints likely to pass on Malcolm Butler and bolster secondary through NFL draft
Glen Coffee attempting a comeback 7 years after he retired
Which eventual NFL Draft bust were you desperate for your team to pick?
NFL schedule 2017: Leaks and rumors as they appear
Bills OT Cyrus Kouandjio under hospital observation after strange run-in with police
An NFL team will take a chance on Joe Mixon despite his past
Eli Manning gets heated while denying fake memorabilia accusations
6 things we already know about the 2017 NFL schedule before it’s released
NFL's drug testing season conveniently begins on 4/20
NFL schedule set to be released on Thursday
Phil Simms will stay with CBS as an analyst on ‘NFL Today’
Rob Gronkowski crashed White House press briefing to offer Sean Spicer help
Mel Kiper gets a B for telling every team how to get an A in his latest mock draft
Tom Brady won’t visit White House visit due to ‘personal family matters’
Aaron Hernandez commits suicide in prison
Malcolm Butler can officially be traded after signing tender with Patriots
Talib won't be suspended for shooting incident
Kawann Short signed a 5-year, $80 million deal with Panthers
NFL referees wish league would stop penalizing celebrations
Marshawn Lynch hasn't signed with the Raiders yet, but it’s closer to happeningWashington LB Trent Murphy suspended 4 games for violating NFL’s PED policy
Hall of Fame Steelers owner Dan Rooney dies at age 84
Bill Belichick playing a word association game is surprisingly revealing
Colts sign DT Johnathan Hankins, the biggest prize left in free agency
Marshawn Lynch expected to be traded from Seahawks to Raiders. What now?
Deshaun Watson tops Mitchell Trubisky in Mike Mayock’s newest draft rankings
Are the Browns going to screw it up by drafting a QB over Myles Garrett?
Dalvin Tomlinson is the NFL Draft’s man of many talents
Everything you need to know about Richard Sherman trade talks
Dion Jordan looks to revive his career after signing with Seahawks
Arm wrestling event led to fines for NFL players
Marshawn Lynch and the Patriots would be a bad idea
Myles Garrett says he’ll make the Browns pay if they don’t draft him at No. 1
Tony Romo could have been the QB of the Broncos or the Cardinals
49ers release CB Tramaine Brock after domestic violence arrest
Ben Roethlisberger won’t retire, but no one thought he actually would
Marshawn Lynch is the perfect person to send the Raiders off in Oakland
Marshawn Lynch reportedly tells Raiders he plans to unretire
Tom Brady’s missing Super Bowl LI jersey: A complete timeline
Tom Brady’s Super Bowl jerseys recovered with help from 19-year-old Patriots fan
Richard Sherman trade rumors are real, says Seahawks GM John Schneider
Mel Kiper and Todd McShay's dueling 2-round NFL mock drafts have some striking differences
Tony Romo released by Cowboys even though he's retiring
Tony Romo retired, but speculation of a return won’t die anytime soon
The Texans should draft a quarterback now that Tony Romo is retired
Romo will rescue us from Phil Simms and become top analyst at CBS
Eagles bolster defensive line by trading with Ravens for Timmy Jernigan
Nobody believes Tony Romo is actually going to retire
Tony Romo retired a day after Jerry Jones said teams can contact him about a trade
5 NFL teams that can finish fixing their offensive line in the draft
Tom Brady and his stolen Super Bowl jerseys have been reunited
Tim Hightower’s comeback continues with the 49ersJerry Jones wants NFL to relax rules against marijuana use
Randy Moss signing with a soccer team is probably an April Fools’ joke
Amazon's 'All or Nothing' will show the Rams awful 4-12 season that got Jeff Fisher fired
Friend says Scot McCloughan was ‘feeling the hate’ from Bruce Allen before firing
Sharrif Floyd’s knee injury could end his career early
Pete Carroll and the Seahawks aren’t happy with the NFL’s leaping ban
Cam Newton recovering after surgery on throwing shoulder
4 lies and 1 truth about Brock Osweiler from the Browns and Texans
LaDainian Tomlinson joins Chargers in front office role
The internet voted to keep Greg Hardy off an arena team roster
Josh Gordon may play for the Browns again after all
Former Rams safety T.J. McDonald suspended 8 games
Dan Quinn turned to Steve Kerr, Terry Francona for advice after Falcons’ Super Bowl loss
The Texans are saying ‘F U’ to the tight end position
Saints signed Larry Warford because he’s got ‘ass and mass’
Saints won’t give up No. 11 pick to Patriots for Malcolm Butler
Jerry Jones dragging his feet on Tony Romo decision
Gruden's plan B if Cousins deal doesn't work out? Nate Sudfeld
Proposed NFL rule changes could have a big impact on the field
Raiders in Las Vegas could cause Super Bowl betting to be banned
NFL will use laser scans to design safer cleats
Tony Romo was a popular non-topic at the NFL owners' meeting
NFL postpones decision on shortening OT periods until spring meeting
NFL coaches think shortening OT won’t result in more ties
NFL bans leaping on field goals, extra points
Hue Jackson won't say the Browns will draft Myles Garrett even though they will
John Lynch says 49ers are ‘open for business’ for angry Raiders fans
Raiders’ move to Las Vegas comes with benefits and possible pitfalls
Raiders will offer refunds for disgruntled Oakland season ticket holders
It’s official: The Raiders are leaving Oakland for Las Vegas
Derek Carr feels ‘overwhelmed’ about Raiders’ Las Vegas relocation
Trevone Boykin arrested after car he was passenger in crashes into barLaVar Ball briefly played for Jets and Panthers
Raiders expected to have enough votes to move to Las Vegas
Rey Maualuga predictably released by the Cincinnati Bengals
Arthur Jones’ disappointing tenure with the Colts is over
NFL teams may soon be allowed to opt out of Color Rush uniforms
Torrey Smith says Colin Kaepernick is better than QBs who have been signed in free agency
Roger Goodell is just like you, NFL fans!
Geno Smith didn't have to move at all to start his NFL career over
Raiders are about to clear the last hurdle for relocation
Colin Kaepernick donates $50,000 to Meals on Wheels a day after President Trump's comments
Mike Mayock’s NFL draft rankings put Leonard Fournette, Christian McCaffrey on top after combine
Manti Te’o is the latest addition to help improve Saints defense
Jim Harbaugh believes Colin Kaepernick can be ‘a great NFL player’
Donald Trump brags his Twitter account is stopping NFL teams from signing Colin Kaepernick
Geno Smith signs 1-year deal with Giants as Eli Manning’s new backup
Please don't ban extra point leaps, NFL
Cowboys re-sign backup QB Kellen Moore while Tony Romo remains in limbo
EJ Manuel signs with Raiders as Derek Carr’s backup
Dwight Clark has been diagnosed with ALS
Every important NFL free agency rumor in one place
Marquette King recruiting Marshawn Lynch to play for Raiders
Adrian Peterson and the Raiders would be a perfect match
Jared Cook signs with Raiders, which should make Derek Carr happy
Brandon Carr leaves Cowboys and signs with Ravens as the versatile DB they needed
Derek Carr helped a stranded motorist who had no idea who the QB was
Deshaun Watson built on strong combine performance at Clemson’s pro day
Terrelle Pryor wanted 1-year deal in Washington
Calais Campbell signed with the Jaguars because he thinks they’re close to winning
Todd McShay's 3rd mock draft still has Myles Garrett going 1st overall
Pack losing more than it's getting in free agency
Devonta Freeman wants more money from Falcons to put his sisters through college
Kirk Cousins found out about trade demand rumor from shoe store employeeSuper Bowl hero Malcolm Butler is the latest victim of the Patriot Way
Chase Daniel released by Eagles
Ezekiel Elliott pulled down woman's top during a St. Patrick's Day parade
Le’Veon Bell having surgery to repair core muscle injury
T.J. Lang will stay in NFC North and sign with Lions
Adrian Peterson could be a great fit for the Seahawks if Seattle can afford him
Martellus Bennett signs with Packers
Terrelle Pryor turns 1st full season as WR into $8 million deal with Washington
Panthers trade Kony Ealy to Patriots to move up a round in 2017 NFL Draft
Dolphins TE Jordan Cameron retires at age 28 due to history of concussions
Julius Peppers can finish his career in Carolina, where it all began
Jimmy Garoppolo’s cryptic goodbye post to New England was a hack
Washington fires GM Scot McCloughan after turbulent 2 years
Browns GM is more excited about Texans' pick than getting Brock Osweiler
Jay Cutler released by the Bears. Now what?
Broncos make 1st attempt to fix their offensive line by giving Ronald Leary 4-year deal
DeSean Jackson is going to make the Buccaneers offense a force in the NFC South
Texans are the big winner in the Brock Osweiler trade with the Browns
Alshon Jeffery signs with Eagles and instantly becomes their best WR
Branden Albert trade makes sense for the Dolphins
Browns are eating Brock Osweiler’s salary because they can, and it makes sense
Tony Romo could still get traded from Cowboys to Broncos or Texans
Patriots could pull off another big trade if they send Malcolm Butler to Saints for Brandin Cooks
Nick Perry tested the market but will re-sign with Packers
Torrey Smith signs with Eagles, giving Carson Wentz a veteran WR
Ted Ginn Jr. stays in the NFC South after signing with Saints
Eagles release fan favorite Connor Barwin
Andrew Whitworth will sign with Rams, bolstering their offensive line
NFL QB dominoes are falling before free agency even starts
Brandon Marshall signs with the Giants, and OBJ should be thrilled
NFL insider Steve Smith says Ravens will release Elvis Dumervil
Tyrod Taylor staying with the Bills makes the most sense for both sidesBrowns are already Brownsing up free agency by not locking up Terrelle Pryor
5 NFL teams that can’t seem to find a franchise QB
Steve Smith Sr. broke the news that 49ers released Torrey Smith
D.J. Fluker’s release is a reminder that the 2013 draft was terrible
Julio Jones says his foot surgery was ‘a success’
NFL Draft prospects told us how they plan to celebrate touchdowns
40-yard dash results don’t matter for NFL offensive linemen
Sorry, John Ross, but Adidas isn’t giving you an island
Dalvin Tomlinson was ‘pretty shocked’ Reuben Foster got sent home
Shelton Gibson thought he could beat Johnson’s 40 time. He ran a 4.50.
Tony Romo trade rumor could send him to Washington, Kirk Cousins to 49ers
NFL made a big deal out of a anticlimactic coin toss
Brandin Cooks may get traded to the Titans or Eagles
D’Onta Foreman says Ezekiel Elliott helped this year's running backs
Alfred Morris reportedly on the trading block
A fan showed up in spandex to run the 40 at the NFL Combine
Adam Gase ‘hates free agency’ and doesn’t care who knows it
Colin Kaepernick will end national anthem protest and stand in 2017
Jerricho Cotchery returns to NFL as an assistant coach for the Panthers
Broncos aren’t in the market for a new quarterback, according to Vance Joseph
NFL salary cap jumps another $10M+ for 4th straight year
Terrelle Pryor doesn’t get franchise tag after breakout season
49ers will start free agency with no quarterbacks on the roster
Josh Gordon will file for reinstatement, but Browns are like done with him
Johnny Manziel’s comeback tour is kicking off at the 2017 NFL Combine
Chiefs won’t franchise tag Dontari Poe despite extending Eric Berry
Texans won’t give A.J. Bouye the franchise tag
Jets release Darrelle Revis 9 days after his arrest
Colts defensive tackle David Parry arrested for alleged drunk golf cart theft
`Adrian Peterson will probably wind up back with the Vikings`
Eric Berry is now the NFL’s highest-paid safety
Jason Pierre-Paul gets franchise tagged again 2 years after his accidentAdrian Peterson is going to be a free agent
Patriots won’t hit Super Bowl hero Dont’a Hightower with franchise tag
AFCN: Elam cements bust status; Steelers make moves
Chiefs release Jamaal Charles, who could be near end of the line
Cousins gets franchise tag again, won't be traded
Ron Rivera says 'America's foundation is built on’ immigration
Eric Berry and the Chiefs are headed for a showdown
37-year-old Dwight Freeney isn't ready to retire just yet
Browns agree to release Andrew Hawkins so he can join a contender
Beat Chris Johnson's 4.24 40-yard dash time, win a private island from Adidas
Mike Mayock says this is one of the best defensive drafts he’s seen
Steelers hang on to Le’Veon Bell by giving him the franchise tag
49ers GM John Lynch is open to trading the No. 2 pick in the 2017 NFL Draft
Darron Lee says the Cowboys tried to use him to scout Joey Bosa
Cardinals franchise tag Chandler Jones after no new deal is reached
Matt Elam arrested on drug charges in Miami
Alshon Jeffery will get a huge contract, but not from the Bears
Cedric Benson failed a field sobriety test ‘because he played 8 years in the NFL'
Nick Mangold released by Jets after 11 seasons at center
Falcons are still finding ways to help the Patriots
Gronk says Patriots fans wouldn't let Roger Goodell step foot in Gillette Stadium
Jim Harbaugh thinks he deserves a medal after 4 years with 49ers
Larry Fitzgerald says the Cardinals playing in the Hall of Fame Game is the ‘worst news ever’
Alterraun Verner released by Buccaneers after Vernon Hargreaves’ solid rookie season
Cardinals, Cowboys to meet in 2017 Hall of Fame Game
Jameis Winston was casually sexist to children. It’s a problem.
Jay Cutler is about to be someone else's problem
LeGarrette Blount feels like he could play for ‘100 more years’
Revis turns himself in after alleged involvement in altercation
Jimmy Garoppolo’s mom updates him on all the latest trade rumors
DeSean Jackson says Eagles reunion could be a 'great story'
Julius Thomas reportedly gets traded to Dolphins for draft pickJared Odrick hits free agency after release from Jaguars
State of AFC North: Ravens cuts; Steelers upgrades; Tyrod time in Cleveland
Darren McFadden says he’s a Cowboys fan whether he stays in Dallas or not
Cameron Wake gets 2-year extension from Dolphins after bounce-back season
Triplette resigns as NFL Referees Association president
Grady Jarrett could have been the Super Bowl MVP if the Falcons hadn’t blown it
Tom Brady's face on your ass is a bad idea for a tattoo
Tony Romo expects to be released by the Cowboys
Why was Chad Kelly’s combine invitation rescinded?
Tony Romo should definitely be a DJ instead of play for the Bills
Mel Kiper’s 2nd NFL mock draft has no DeShone Kizer in the 1st round
Roddy White would have fought Kyle Shanahan for not running the ball
Terrelle Pryor loves the Browns and wants to stay in Cleveland
Michael Bennett backs out of sponsored Israel trip
Terrell Owens should be in the Hall of Fame no matter how many teams he played for
Jerry Jones wants to add some ‘war daddies’ to the Cowboys defense
Tom Brady had a Madagascar hissing cockroach named after him at Zoo Atlanta
Victor Cruz released after 7 years with Giants
Kraft doesn't think it's a big deal Patriots players are skipping White House visit
Former Dolphins LB Quentin Moses dead following house fire
Tom Brady will autograph your football if you pay him $1,000
Carson Palmer will return for Cardinals in 2017
Colts release D’Qwell Jackson
Jerry Jones has no idea what to do about Tony Romo
Ryan Fitzpatrick will move on from the Jets after a polarizing 2 years
Falcons lost the Super Bowl because Matt Ryan took that sack
Dan Quinn will probably keep calling Falcons’ defensive plays
Michael Floyd dismisses criticism after DUI arrest propelled his path to winning a Super Bowl
Hightower won’t visit White House because he’s ‘been there, done that’
Todd McShay’s mock draft has Browns taking Myles Garrett, Mitch Trubisky
Falcons will replace DC Richard Smith, per report
Why did the Falcons hire Steve Sarkisian as their new OC?Mike Vick is considering NFL return 3 days after retiring thanks to Tom Brady
Welcome to the 49ers, Kyle Shanahan
Atlanta children were late to school because of ‘Falcons depression’
Matt Ryan's headset issues in Super Bowl 51 will torment Falcons fans even more
Important NFL calendar dates leading up to 2017 NFL Draft
Falcons coaches were trapped on the concourse by celebrating Patriots fans
Martellus Bennett probably won’t visit White House if Patriots win
Martellus Bennett’s daughter stole the show at his Super Bowl presser
Roger Goodell had to shake Tom Brady's hand after the Patriots won the Super Bowl
The Patriots are trying everything in the Super Bowl, even trick punt returns
Chiefs CB Marcus Peters doesn’t like the Patriots’ ‘dink and dunk’ offense
Arthur Blank is running out of dance moves celebrating the Falcons’ lead
Deion Jones forced the first fumble of Super Bowl 51
Deion Jones’ family switched from being Saints fans to Falcons fans
What makes Julio Jones so unstoppable?
Deflategate still isn't over
Donald Trump will be interviewed by Bill O’Reilly before Super Bowl 51
Shad Khan unsurprisingly opposes Donald Trump’s immigration ban
Falcons’ ping pong competitions in the locker room helped make them contenders
Jason Garrett named NFL Head Coach of the Year
Jordy Nelson named NFL Comeback Player of the Year
Matt Ryan wins 2016 Offensive Player of the Year
Dak Prescott named 2016 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year over Ezekiel Elliott
Khalil Mack edges Von Miller for NFL Defensive Player of the Year by 1 vote
Eric Winston stresses need for better NFL concussion testing
Larry Fitzgerald will return for another NFL season because ‘the fire still burns’
Rams uniforms likely returning to blue and white
How Bill Belichick helped shape the Falcons
Raiders owner Mark Davis lost a Las Vegas stadium deal with a lowball rent offer
Roger Goodell says it's time to 'move on' from Deflategate, and other key points
7 revelations from Michael Vick’s letter to Atlanta
Tom Brady excited his mom will attend the Super Bowl after recent health issuesArians has his ‘fingers crossed’ that Fitzgerald and Palmer will return
Gronk missed a free throw in high school to keep his team’s score at 69
This is officially the ‘Good Burger’ Super Bowl
NFL's Super Bowl trademark is its most precious
Tom Brady might give his true feelings on Goodell if the Patriots win
Victor Cruz says the Giants’ boat trip ‘definitely wasn’t worth it’
NFL investigating the Steelers for Le’Veon Bell’s unreported groin injury
The NFL did something fun!
2016 Patriots are eerily similar to the 2003 Patriots that won the Super Bowl
Pro Bowl Skills Showdown adds a WR Drone Drop competition
Antonio Brown releases new Facebook Live video to ‘quiet the noise’ from his last one
Good thing the Cowboys didn't follow Mel Kiper's advice
Roger Goodell says everyone is wrong and ‘Thursday Night Football’ is actually great
Richard Sherman says it's ‘foolishness’ for Seahawks to lose draft pick for unreported injury
Tony Bennett will join Lady Gaga for halftime show in a short video
Antonio Brown cares about stats, but that’s not a bad thing
Roethlisberger considering retirement, but everyone knows he’ll be back
Video shows Bengals’ Adam Jones cussing out police while being arrested
How to talk to your children about Deflategate
Deshaun Watson turned down Senior Bowl, not the Browns
Jamie Collins gets big 4-year, $50 million contract extension from Browns
Malcolm Butler is finally getting his wish to go up against Julio Jones
Falcons owner is taking all of his employees to the Super Bowl
James Harrison stems retirement talk after loss to the Patriots
Julio Jones trade worked out for the Falcons
Kirk Cousins might be on 49ers radar this offseason
Boston man sets off fire alarms at Steelers’ hotel
Someone tripped the fire alarm at 3 a.m. at the Steelers’ hotel
Falcons expected to consider contract extension for Matt Ryan this offseason
Colts fire general manager Ryan Grigson
Clowney fined by NFL for dragging Brady to the ground
Chargers hire Gus Bradley to become defensive coordinatorJordy Nelson didn’t practice because he’s sick and the Packers are quarantining him
Ravens linebacker Zach Orr retires at age 24 due to neck injury
Steelers are dealing with flu bug prior to game vs. Patriots
Adrian Peterson wants to stay in Minnesota, but named potential suitors if he doesn’t
Seahawks could lose 2nd-round pick due to nondisclosure of Richard Sherman’s injury
Raiders apply for relocation to Las Vegas
Andrew Luck's shoulder surgery is a reminder that the Colts’ roster needs a lot of work
Carl Cheffers will officiate Super Bowl 51, much to Travis Kelce’s chagrin
The 49ers want Kyle Shanahan, and he’s ready to be a head coach
Ezekiel Elliott, Joey Bosa win 1st, but likely not last, rookie of the year awards
Mike Tomlin apologizes for video, but says Antonio Brown will be punished
Why the NFL will investigate the Seahawks for Richard Sherman’s unreported knee injury
Derek Carr thanked by Oakland PD for sharing info about missing child
Richard Sherman's conflicts on and off the field escalated by 'significant' MCL injury
Dak Prescott says loss ‘stinks,’ but he plans to play in more playoff games
Alex Smith missed a wide-open Tyreek Hill twice for sure TDs
Antonio Brown posts video of Mike Tomlin cussing about the Patriots
Texans take 1st step to fix offense by parting ways with OC George Godsey
Bill Belichick not worried about what Antonio Brown puts on ‘InstaChat’
Steelers vs. Chiefs ratings mean more primetime playoff games
Jordy Nelson is making progress but unsure about status
What happened in the NFL Divisional round
Steelers hold off Chiefs with all FGs for 18-16 win
Steelers assistant coach Joey Porter’s charges reduced after being arrested after win
Packers take down Cowboys for thrilling 34-31 win
Cowboys deny us all the chance to see a 73-yard field goal attempt
Ezekiel Elliott's 'feed me' celebration started at Ohio State with Carlos Hyde
Vince Wilfork didn’t say if he’ll retire, but Saturday felt like farewell
How the overlooked Falcons defense found a winning formula
Steelers vs. Chiefs postponed due to Kansas City ice storm
Falcons defense steps up in 36-20 win over Seahawks
Seahawks are underdogs vs. Falcons and it has worked out well for them recentlyRaiders to file for relocation to Las Vegas, according to report
Chargers hire Anthony Lynn as head coach
Mike McCoy hired as Broncos offensive coordinator
How to watch, game time, TV info and odds for divisional round
Mike Smith signs extension with Buccaneers after missing on head coaching jobs
Packers CB Sam Shields charged with marijuana possession
Aaron Rodgers will be without his favorite target against the Cowboys
Julio Jones isn’t looking for revenge in rematch against Richard Sherman
Grading every NFL head coach hired in 2017
Rams to hire Wade Phillips as defensive coordinator, per report
Steelers’ Bud Dupree fined for punishing hit on Dolphins QB Matt Moore
Chargers will move to Los Angeles
Chargers will temporarily play in a 30,000-seat LA stadium, and that’s a great idea
Chargers could undergo much-needed rebrand in Los Angeles
Sean McDermott’s player-friendly approach is perfect for the Bills
Ben McAdoo says reports of Giants trashing plane are ‘bullshit’
Broncos’ hiring of Vance Joseph shows they’re still all about that defense
Ezekiel Elliott’s minor car accident may be a good omen for him vs. Packers
Raiders move on from OC Bill Musgrave to promote QB coach Todd Downing
Earl Thomas’ absence could be the difference in Seahawks vs. Falcons rematch
Terrelle Pryor’s teammate says opponents don’t like him because ‘he’s a quarterback’
Congrats, Deshaun Watson! Hope you like Chicago or Cleveland
NFL teams hiring a new head coach must follow these rules
Doug Marrone hire means the Jaguars don't want to make wholesale changes
Odell Beckham Jr. punched a wall, and the NFL is investigating it for some reason
Dolphins’ execution of concussion protocol after hit on Matt Moore under NFL, NFLPA review
Jason Pierre-Paul says no one is ‘doing it with 7 and a half fingers’ like he is
Tom Brady downplays the Giants' boat trip, and says he's done stuff like that, too
Odell Beckham Jr. supposedly punched a hole in a wall after Sunday’s loss
Packers dominate second half to beat Giants 38-13
Packers' Christine Michael celebrates a punt with Giants' Eric Pinkins
Browns are hiring Gregg Williams as new defensive coordinatorNFL playoffs bracket and schedule 2017: Seahawks advance with win over Lions
Seahawks blow past Lions into Divisional Round
Why does the Lions center snap the ball like that?
Texans sticking with Brock Osweiler at quarterback after win vs. Raiders
NFL playoffs bracket 2017: Texans’ defense carries them to Divisional Round
Jadeveon Clowney is destroying almost every screen pass the Raiders throw
Browns plan to fire defensive coordinator Ray Horton
Ezekiel Elliott headlines 2016 NFL All-Pro Team
The Colts are keeping Chuck Pagano despite another 8-8 season
Jay Gruden fires defensive coaching staff in Washington
Have the Broncos already found their next head coach?
Can the Dolphins handle the cold weather?
Seahawks sign Devin Hester for playoff run
Connor Cook vs. Brock Osweiler is happening
Bears' big changes this offseason will come on the roster
Marshall says Jets' season was like 'having a diaper on and never changing it'
Michael Bennett is now wearing a '2 pumps get you a baby, 3 pumps gets you a fine' sweatshirt
Jets defensive coordinator Kacy Rodgers was never the problem
Dak Prescott’s record-setting rookie year helped carry Cowboys to No. 1 seed
Jets on hunt for new OC after Chan Gailey retires following disastrous season
Brock Osweiler will start Texans playoff game vs. Raiders
NFL Wild Card weekend's worst game?
Adam Jones arrested for 3 misdemeanors and felony harassment
Sean Payton says his plan is ‘definitely to be back’ with the Saints
49ers’ Jed York won’t be fired because ‘you don’t dismiss owners’
David Johnson doesn’t need knee surgery, but he will miss the Pro Bowl
Robert Griffin III thinks he proved he can still play in the NFL
Gary Kubiak retires as head coach of the Denver Broncos
Matt Ryan makes compelling MVP case in Falcons’ win over Saints
Zeke misses record but had rookie season for the ages
Packers vs. Lions 2017 final score: Green Bay’s late-season surge continues with 31-24 victory
Packers cornerback Quinten Rollins taken to hospital with neck injuryDavante Adams's 360 goalpost dunk was too awesome to be flagged
49ers fire GM Trent Baalke
49ers to reportedly fire Chip Kelly after one season
Chargers fire Mike McCoy after 5-11 season
Antonio Gates ties record for most TDs by a tight end
Connor Cook enters Raiders vs. Broncos in place of an injured Matt McGloin
Todd Bowles, Mike Maccagnan returning to Jets for 2017
Steelers safety is called for facemask, shrieks and pleads with refs on hot mic
Sam Bradford sets single-season completion percentage record
Tom Brady passes Dan Marino for career passing yards vs. Dolphins
Tyrod Taylor benched, EJ Manuel will start for the Bills against the Jets
Kaepernick receives 49ers’ team award for courage and inspiration
Robert Griffin III will close out Browns’ season as the starter
Eagles RB Darren Sproles will retire after next season
Former Bills, Falcons safety Keion Carpenter dies at age 39
Jets don't plan to make changes. That should go well.
Trevor Siemian will start in Broncos’ final game, but Paxton Lynch will play too
Doug Martin suspended for violating NFL PED policy
Jaguars’ head coach search kicks off with Tom Coughlin interview
Bills interim head coach Anthony Lynn says he and Rex Ryan were ‘raised by different mamas’
Patriots reportedly want their lost Deflategate draft picks back in a Jimmy Garoppolo trade
Dez Bryant wanted to throw a Cowboys TD pass for a long time and finally did
Panthers and Broncos must look toward the future, and it starts this week
Mike Tomlin’s response to Terry Bradshaw’s criticism couldn’t have been better
Carlos Hyde’s season is over with sprained MCL
Ravens fullback’s TD to take a lead vs. Steelers may have lost the game
Jets place Bryce Petty on injured reserve
Browns won, so this Cleveland weatherman finally got to shave his beard
Cowboys defense gets boost with Randy Gregory’s return
Terence Newman led the mutiny against Mike Zimmer's game plan
Derek Carr’s recovery expected to be 6-8 weeks after surgery
Could the Dolphins get Ryan Tannehil back for the playoffs?Packers-Lions flexed to ‘Sunday Night Football’ in Week 17
Brown reached across 4 Ravens defenders en route to division-clinching score
Steelers clinch AFC North with thrilling win over Ravens
Le’Veon Bell juked the Ravens’ defense with this jump cut
Steelers WR Eli Rogers took out a kicking net on the sideline vs. Ravens
Williams dressed like an elf before Ravens vs. Steelers
Bengals vs. Texans 2016 final score: Missed Cincinnati FG makes Houston the AFC South champs
Earl Thomas says he'll be back next season for the Seahawks
Cam Newton said Panthers need a ‘sabbatical’
Pete Carroll and Russell Wilson were stunned that Seahawks missed ANOTHER kick vs. Cardinals
Falcons clinch NFC South
Sheldon Richardson said teammate Brandon Marshall should be embarrassed by Jets' 41-3 loss to Patriots
Browns players shared an emotional moment with coach Hue Jackson after Cleveland's 1st win
Vikings DBs decided to go against Mike Zimmer’s game plan
Jets coach Todd Bowles is having the worst Christmas weekend ever
Rex Ryan made a weak attempt at a timeout to ice the Dolphins’ kicker
RG3 leaves with concussion while Browns lead Chargers in 4th quarter
A.J. Green not happy that Bengals sidelined him for rest of the season
Todd Bowles hospitalized, but will coach against the Patriots on Saturday
Seahawks’ Michael Bennett fined $12,154 for performing his ‘sexy dance’
Carson Wentz comes alive in Eagles’ win over Giants
Janoris Jenkins won’t play vs. Eagles on ‘Thursday Night Football’
Jared Goff is good to go for Rams-49ers on Christmas Eve
Can someone please give Tom Coughlin a job?
2008 Lions players DO NOT want the Browns joining them at 0-16
Steelers’ Boswell got hit with 'random' drug test after he made 6 FGs in a game
Ezekiel Elliott was mic’d up for his Salvation Army TD celebration
Ben Roethlisberger’s wife is ‘praying for’ Vontaze Burfict
THIS GUY! Jon Gruden coaching rumors are back!
Earl Thomas hasn't decided whether to keep playing or retire
Richard Sherman apologizes after telling reporter ‘I’ll ruin your career’
Ben McAdoo and the Giants punished for using walkie-talkie to communicate from sidelineElliott's Salvation Army TD celebration led to a huge spike in donations
The Texans don’t know what the heck they’re doing with QBs
Cam Newton still can't get a break from NFL referees
Broncos' offense and defense got into heated argument following loss to Patriots
RG3 will remain starting QB this week, but Browns looking for progress
Tom Savage will be the Texans’ starting quarterback for Week 16
Terrelle Pryor wants to finish out the season despite his finger injury
Gus Bradley built a culture that didn’t care about wins, and they never came
Larry Fitzgerald might have just hinted at retirement
Eric Wood doesn’t want Rex Ryan fired because the Bills are ‘so freaking close’
Chargers owner Dean Spanos leaning toward moving the team to LA
Gus Bradley fired as Jaguars’ coach, ending one of the worst NFL tenures
Cowboys improve to 12-2 behind Zeke’s career-high game
Jameis Winston threw a TD pass that the Cowboys tipped into Adam Humphries’ waiting hands
Jameis Winston earns stupid penalty for head-butting Cowboys defender
Jalen Ramsey calls for 'terrible, terrible, terrible' referee to be fired
Tannehill's injury hurts the Dolphins, but they can lean on Matt Moore
Jeff Fisher wants another crack at coaching
The NFL's crappiest Thursday night 'poopfest' so far
Richard Sherman didn’t want Seattle to pass from the 1-yard line again
Michael Bennett injured during ‘Thursday Night Football’ vs. Rams
Jared Goff in concussion protocol following loss to Seahawks
Aaron Donald didn't like a call, so he gave the ref his flag back
Russell Wilson had to tie his teammate’s shoe in the middle of the field
Seahawks tried a trick play against the Rams that ended with Doug Baldwin falling on his butt
NFL investigating Giants for Ben McAdoo’s walkie-talkie use
Deshazor Everett fined for hit that injured Darren Sproles
Aaron Rodgers has to play this week
Colin Kaepernick focused on winning in Atlanta
Michael Floyd released by Cardinals after DUI arrest
Terrelle Pryor agrees that he was ‘garbage’ against the Bengals
Eagles OL Brandon Brooks reveals he has anxietyMarcell Dareus guarantees Bills won’t be the Browns’ 1st win
Melvin Gordon ‘hopeful’ he’ll be back this season
Mike Zimmer is tired of the Vikings losing
Adrian Peterson designated for return from IR, will practice with the Vikings this week
Tom Brady yells at Julian Edelman because he loves him
Bengals release Mike Nugent after missed XPs
Ravens released veteran return man Devin Hester and were kind of mean about it
Derek Carr would like to help Johnny Manziel
Jerry Jones still thinks Tony Romo may play this season
NFL teams can choose their own cancer awareness cause next October
NFL announces 4 London games in 2017
Jeff Fisher had to be fired now for the sake of the Rams’ future
Disaster strikes Eagles at long snapper. Jon Dorenbos is done for the year
NFL adds dodgeball to try to make 2017 Pro Bowl more fun
Jeff Fisher fired as Rams head coach
Dickerson will attend Rams games now that Fisher has been fired
Here’s why Aqib Talib has beef with Harry Douglas
Tyrod Taylor won’t get benched this week, but it could still happen
Bruce Arians thinks rain was out to get Cardinals against Dolphins
NBC got massive ratings for Cowboys vs. Giants
Michael Floyd arrested for DUI Monday morning
Giants complete season sweep of the top team in the NFC
Tyron Smith tossed Eli Apple like a rag doll in Cowboys vs. Giants game
Giants LT Ereck Flowers barely blocked a Cowboys defender
Giants RB Shane Vereen ruled out with a concussion
The Giants forgot to cover Terrance Williams
Buccaneers beat the Saints and look like legitimate contenders
Cowboys are mesmerized by snow before Giants game
Vic Beasley is getting sacks like Von Miller
Ben Roethlisberger says Steelers don't use deflated footballs, they use 'Nerf Balls'
Rams got off to an atrocious start against Falcons
Dolphins block Cardinals kick, run it back for 2 pointsMelvin Gordon carted off with hip injury
Browns will play home game in London in 2017
Week 14 NFL weather forecast calls for snow
Richard Sherman will be playing in the snow for the first time in his career
Trevor Siemian will start for Broncos vs. Titans
NFL announces London will host 4 games in 2017
Can the Chiefs overtake the Patriots for the No. 1 seed?
Chiefs take AFC West lead with big win over Raiders
Khalil Mack is so good his Raiders teammates are bowing to him
Derrick Johnson ruptured Achilles in Chiefs vs. Raiders
Tyreek Hill is hot, even in freezing Chiefs vs. Raiders game
Alex Smith avoided an illegal pass by an inch
Patriots signed WR who ran the Colts’ horrible fake punt last year
Steelers will help pay Ramon Foster's fine for protecting Le'Veon Bell
Robert Griffin III will return as Browns starting QB
Joe Thomas won’t be leaving the Browns while Hue Jackson is head coach
Joe Flacco slept in a room with a Tom Brady poster
Steve Smith and Andre Johnson act as Santa for needy kids
Adrian Peterson plans to return, if the Vikings make the playoffs
Jeff Fisher says it was ‘hilarious’ when he couldn’t find his challenge flag
It's time to take the Chiefs seriously
Earl Thomas’ season is over thanks to a broken leg
D’Qwell Jackson suspended 4 games for violating PED policy
Derek Carr and the Raiders kick it courtside at a Warriors game
Cowboys won't rest their starters
Joe McKnight’s shooter charged with manslaughter
Joe McKnight killed in Louisiana shooting
Eli Manning says OBJ should kill NFL refs with kindness
Ezekiel Elliott will soon have more Pro Bowl votes than Tom Brady last year
Jay Cutler’s season ends due to shoulder surgery
NFL decides to let Titans, Browns wear cleats for good causes
Marcus Mariota's mustache is gone but never forgottenJustin Forsett to reunite with Gary Kubiak in Denver
Percy Harvin’s return from retirement unceremoniously ends on injured reserve
It's been a long time since Ezekiel Elliott lost a road game
Marshawn Lynch showed up on the Seahawks sideline
Eric Berry made the most of an emotional homecoming in Atlanta
Cam Newton admits he was benched for not wearing a tie
Cam Newton doesn't start vs. Seahawks for dress code violation
Panthers were outmatched start to finish against Seattle
Thomas Rawls returns to game after clearing concussion protocol
Cowboys’ Week 15 matchup against Buccaneers flexed to ‘Sunday Night Football’
Earl Thomas says retirement on mind after breaking leg
Thomas Rawls will see Ted Ginn's touchdown and raise it with one of his own
Rams extend Fisher despite 4-7 record
Eric Berry will play in Atlanta for 1st time since cancer treatment
Brady beat everybody on his way to being NFL’s winningest QB
NFL to consider rule change after Ravens’ intentional holding vs Bengals
NFL players can wear custom cleats for charity this week without being fined
The Chiefs’ emphasis on turnovers is big part of their success
Vikings DE is 'sick and tired of the reffing' in the NFL
Gronk is out 8 weeks, probably because of this Earl Thomas hit
Cowboys outlast Vikings defense to win 11th straight
Dak Prescott fumble gifts the Vikings a go-ahead field goal
Adrian Peterson isn’t playing, but caught a pass from Dak Prescott
Sam Bradford returned to game after injury on ‘Thursday Night Football’
Gronkowski will have back surgery, could miss remainder of 2016 season
Turner had a good reason for leaving the Vikings
Ezekiel Elliott, not Dez Bryant, caught it
Earl Thomas watched the Bucs beat the Seahawks at Buffalo Wild Wings 
Sam Bradford is tired of the Vikings' dink and dunk offense
Mike Zimmer undergoing emergency eye surgery
Jeff Fisher thinks the Patriots have a RB named Danny. Nope!
Andy Reid hopes Julio Jones ‘misses the bus’Justin Houston has returned to form and the Chiefs couldn't be happier
Seantrel Henderson facing 10-game suspension for using marijuana to treat Crohn’s disease
Seantrel Henderson suspended 10 games using perscription marijuana
Big Ben says Steelers 'can't have' Antonio Brown's TD celebrations
RG3 could be starting again for the Browns
Dak has no idea why Jerry called him 'the daddy'
Bruce Arians thinks ‘selfishness’ is the reason the Cardinals are losing
Bruce Arians has no idea how to fix the Cardinals’ passing game
Aqib Talib shoved Broncos teammate Jordan Norwood after a muffed punt
John Harbaugh thinks the NFL should let Justin Tucker score more points
Derek Carr’s brother is wearing a glove in solidarity for his dislocated pinkie
‘Thursday Night Football’ reportedly on the chopping block
Justin Houston is single-handedly destroying the Broncos
Kansas City wins 30-27 on a last-second field goal in overtime
Trevor Siemian did the dumbest thing a QB could do and it worked
Ryan Fitzpatrick fumbled to cap off the Patriots’ 4th-quarter comeback win
Cam Newton draws his 1st roughing the passer call since 2014
Jeremy Kerley’s toe-tapping catch kept 49ers' final drive alive
NFL to discuss developmental spring league in the offseason
Gus Bradley likeliest NFL head coach to be fired
NFL is still searching for answers to its falling ratings
Tony Romo’s trade value may not be worth as much as you think
Browns need to win a game. Here’s how we want it to happen.
4 great Black Friday deals on slightly used NFL QBs
Josh Norman said Dez told him ‘Where I'm from, we unload the clip’
Kirk Cousins has been too good for Washington not to pay him
Vikings vs. Lions 2016 final score: Another 4th quarter comeback for Matthew Stafford and Detroit
Gronk is out against the Jets this week
Bruce Arians says that Bruce Arians is not on the Cardinals' injury report
Eddie Lacy won't play for the Packers again this season
RG3 is back! To Browns practice, at least
Roberto Aguayo named Player of the Week after not missing any kicksRaiders only have eyes for Las Vegas
Peyton Manning is Marcus Mariota's biggest fan
Raiders have a real option for staying in Oakland now
Adrian Peterson could return for Vikings in December
‘Hell no’ J.J. Watt is not retiring
There's no easy way to fix NFL officiating
Doug Baldwin flipped the Seahawks’ OC the bird before trick-play TD pass
Bears’ luck gets worse with leading tackler’s 4-game suspension
A.J. Green could return for the Bengals in 2016 from hamstring injury
Pryor and Thomas are right to be mad that Browns QBs are getting hit so much
Jets go back to Ryan Fitzpatrick as starting QB
Josh McCown will start for Browns after Cody Kessler’s latest concussion
The 10 biggest stories from Week 11 in the NFL
Washington’s offense got the best of Green Bay in 42-24 win
Giovani Bernard suffered a torn ACL in Bengals’ loss to the Bills
Aaron Rodgers threw a TD despite getting jerked around by his facemask
Rob Kelley introduced himself as ‘Fat Rob’ on ‘Sunday Night Football’
Joe Flacco insists the Ravens should have beaten the Cowboys
Terrance West stole Ezekiel Elliott and Dez Bryant’s celebrations, then the Ravens got torched by the Cowboys
Terrelle Pryor is fed up that the Browns can't protect their quarterbacks
A.J. Green carted off with hamstring injury in 1st quarter
The Chiefs are the best NFL team no one’s talking about
Gronkowski misses 3rd straight practice, won’t play vs. 49ers
Luke Kuechly diagnosed with a concussion
Luke Kuechly's injury casts doubts on the Panthers' season
Luke Kuechly being evaluated for a concussion after devastating hit
Carolina Panthers ran 11 plays in 5 minutes for a total of 18 yards and 3 points
Panthers withstand late Saints rally to win
Saints RB Mark Ingram injured in 3rd quarter against the Panthers
Saints get yet another kick blocked, and the Panthers turned it into a fantastic touchdown
Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin returned to the game against the Saints
Manziel reaches tentative deal to dismiss chargesNorv Turner enjoys coaching too much to retire
Former Rams, Dolphins RB Isaiah Pead lost part of his leg in car crash
Rams made Case Keenum mad with surprise QB switch
Ezekiel Elliott overtakes Tom Brady as 2016 NFL MVP favorite
Telvin Smith celebrated the birth of his son days after his brother was killed
Cam Newton is just like us: He can't get enough of touchdown celebrations
5 NFL players meet with Congress to discuss police brutality and race
Brady cashes in on DeflateGate with new Foot Locker commercial. Good for him.
Tony Romo has a future on the Cowboys' sideline
Jared Goff gets his chance to to salvage the Rams’ 7-9 hopes
Rams DE Robert Quinn in the hospital with a 'non-football illness' on Monday
5 NFL coaches who need to be fired
Odell Beckham Jr.’s double move on Adam Jones was a thing of beauty
Even Sean Payton wasn't sure if the Broncos went out of bounds
The Broncos-Chiefs game will save us from Patriots-Jets in primetime in Week 12
Broncos beat Saints with return on a blocked extra point
Sherman got called for a facemask when he grabbed Edelman's shoulder pad
Even Tony Romo acknowledges that Dak Prescott is ‘the man’
It comes down to the 1-yard line again, but Seattle wins, 31-24
Nobody is happier about Prescott's TD pass than Romo
Marcus Peters wants to be Chiefs' 2nd-string punter, so he booted a football toward the crowd
Carson Wentz is learning on the fly with the Eagles
NFL says Ereck Flowers did not violate conduct policy
Browns benched Cody Kessler for Josh McCown, who immediately threw an interception
Cleveland is one step closer to the No. 1 draft pick after 28-7 loss
Browns OL used the Mannequin Challenge as a blocking technique
A TE you’ve never heard of caught a TD for the Browns
Is it too late for the Carolina Panthers?
Aaron Rodgers concedes write-in vote to Harambe
Is that it for the Chargers in San Diego?
Bill Belichick doesn’t want to talk about his ‘friendship’ with Donald Trump
Pete Carroll wishes Rex Ryan would ‘coach his own team’Hardy, Graham to receive franchise tags
Panthers tag DE Hardy
Saints will franchise tag Jimmy Graham
Muema surfaces in Florida after weeklong absence
Tag deadline approaching for Hardy, Byrd
NFL may experiment with 8th on-field official
NFL news: Cap set at $133M, per reports
NFL news: Ravens make cuts to save cap space
Bills, Giants to meet in Hall of Fame Game
NFL playoff expansion gaining ground
Philly re-signs Cooper, Indy looks at Decker
NFL news: Steve Smith, Jerry Jones and more
NFL free agency roundup: Cooper close to signing
Jackson release signals new era for the Browns
Brandon Browner to sue league over suspension
Adam Muema disappears after leaving Combine
Eagles expected to cut Avant
Giants looking for guards
Eagles lock up Peters
Falcons to cut DeCoud
Aaron Hernandez involved in prison incident
NFL news: Salary cap, Gross retirement and more
NFL news: Darrelle Revis on the trade block?
Defensive back weigh-in results
Jim Leonhard set to retire following 2014 season
A history of NFL salary cap increases
Martin doesn't want to play in Miami, per report
Gross to retire
Panthers clear cap space, have room to tag Hardy
NFL news: Red Bryant done in Seattle?
Jerry Jones talks Jason Garrett and more
A timeline of Harbaugh, 49ers rumorsA Giants defensive lineman beat an Eagles blocker so badly he confused himself
Richard Sherman vs. the refs is the most epic battle of the 2016 NFL season
Bills-Seahawks wasn't the weirdest MNF in Seattle
The Rams have a coaching problem, not a quarterback crisis
The NFL’s most impactful injuries for Week 9
Jared Goff won't make his NFL debut until the Rams are eliminated from playoff contention
This hit on Cam Newton didn’t get flagged by referees. Should it have been?
The Jets benched Muhammad Wilkerson for missing his birthday party
Steelers’ Chris Boswell has successfully executed a Rabona kick before
Bitter ex-Patriots employee: Brady can't win the MVP because he cheated
Romo is almost ready to be the Cowboys' backup QB
The Raiders are the new king of the AFC West after 30-20 win over the Broncos
Colts vs. Packers 2016 final score: Indianapolis pulled off a 31-26 upset win in Green Bay
Broncos LB Brandon Marshall will start standing for the national anthem again
Jay Ajayi had another monster day against the Jets’ defense
Golden Tate went butt-first into the end zone to beat the Vikings
Darrius Heyward-Bey carted off with foot/ankle injury
The Raiders are going to make Derek Carr as rich as Andrew Luck
Ben Roethlisberger’s ‘big ass’ is back this week
The Ravens aren’t buying the Steelers’ ‘tomfoolery’
Tony Romo isn't even ready to be the Cowboys backup
The NFL gave Josh Norman an unprecedented $25k fine
The Rams are committed to Case Keenum and bad football
The Browns will turn to Cody Kessler to try to beat the Cowboys this week
The Rams won't change their crappy offense just for Jared Goff
Julio Jones uses superhuman body control to haul in spinning TD
Eli Apple denies Giants asked him to 'control what his mother says'
The NFL fined Calais Campbell $18k for the hit Cam Newton complained about
NFL Network suspends Brian Baldinger for saying Eagles should put a bounty on Ezekiel Elliott
Here’s how the Vikings’ offense can get back on track without Norv Turner
Norv Turner unexpectedly resigns as Vikings offensive coordinator
When you ask for Von Miller money, you may get traded from the best team to the worstClowney runs unofficial 4.47
Ford won't work out after blasting Clowney
NFL Combine: DL drills
Browns owner confirms Harbaugh trade plans
Jets interested in adding Josh McCown
Boldin, 49ers close to contract
NFL Combine: RB drills
Tuck will test open market
Linebacker weigh-in results
Kouandjio failed physicals, per report
Top 40 times for TEs, OL
Panthers on Smith: 'part of the process'
49ers, Kaepernick begin contract talks
Ravens will wait on NFL on Ray Rice situation
NFL considering 15-yard penalty for racial slur
NFL Combine: OL drills
NFL Combine: Shuttle run explained
NFL Combine: Broad jump explained
NFL news: Harbaugh trade, Rice release and more
Report: Browns tried to trade for Jim Harbaugh
Baldwin talks talent evaluation in Twitter rant
Combine measurements for QBs
O'Brien not sure what 'O'Brien-type' QB is
Seahawks will release Rice
Manziel measures just shy of 6 feet at Combine
NFL news: Rice in deeper trouble
Suspension expected for Ray Rice
Bucs unveil new logo, helmet
The NFL Combine is underway
Browns could throw 'curveballs' in draft
Lovie Smith: Bucs will consider QB in 1st round
Harbaugh: Manziel's traits fit in NFLHow Trent Williams’ suspension changes the NFL playoff picture for Washington
Marshawn returned, too bad he was just visiting.
WR Percy Harvin coming out of retirement to sign with Bills
Jamie Collins gave the Patriots plenty of reasons to trade him
Rob Gronkowski is having a career-defining season
Patriots shockingly trade Collins to Browns for 3rd-round pick
DAKtober isn't over for the Cowboys
Dak Prescott overcomes slow start to lead Cowboys to OT win over Eagles
Cowboys' best play against the Eagles was a 30-yard fake punt
Falcons pull off thrilling last-minute win against the Packers
NFL kickers had a bad day
Travis Benjamin's touchdown should be an award-winning film
Dolphins to 'host' Saints in London next year
Brock Osweiler lost his confidence. Can you help him find it?
The Bears are bringing in an outside consultant to figure out why they’re so bad
Colin Kaepernick is putting his words to action
Will the Browns trade Josh Gordon?
Broncos need Devontae Booker to shine in C.J. Anderson’s absence
An NFL executive received a domestic violence prevention award
Browns avoid starting their 27th QB since 1999 by getting Josh McCown back
The Jaguars STILL won't fire incompetent Gus Bradley
DeMarco Murray returned to ‘Thursday Night Football’ after leaving with a foot injury
The Jaguars-Titans 'Color Rush' uniforms look like a bunch of stuff, none of it good
Jarvis Landry fined for 'dirty' hit
Jags-Titans might explain the NFL's bad TV ratings
Arians said letting players leap over the center is dangerous
Tom Brady’s mom thinks he’s the fastest player in the NFL
Geno Smith injured and the Jets are stuck with Ryan Fitzpatrick
Blake Bortles says the Jaguars’ Color Rush uniforms are ‘ugly as hell,’ and he’s right
Don't make Marshawn Lynch cry, because he will
The Patriots just traded with the Lions for a future Pro Bowler (probably)
3 reasons to make the Torrey Smith tradeLions' Caldwell wants Stafford as 'championshp QB'
Falcons' Smith: NFC South is toughest division
Cardinals GM wants to stop Wilson, Kaepernick
Philbin: 'I have to do a better job'
Salary cap projected to rise to $130M
Rice's attorney says video doesn't tell full story
NFL news: Rule changes, Rice arrest
Dolphins fire OL coach over harassment scandal
Dolphins fire trainer involved in Martin report
Redskins' Fred Davis suspended indefinitely
Ray Rice allegedly knocked out fiancée
Packers not talking extension with Cobb yet
Video shows Rice dragging unconscious fiancée
Carr will not throw at combine
Monroe says no hometown discount
Cowboys win coin flip, will draft ahead of Ravens
Is the NFL ready to change the extra point?
Broncos interested in Delmas
NFL news: Seattle signs CFL WR; Hall re-signs
NFL news: Hall agrees to deal, Gonzalez to CBS
Redskins, Hall agree to 4-year deal
Titans CEO: Locker is 'absolutely' our starting QB
Eric Decker open to returning to Denver
Graham will fight TE franchise tag designation
Cousins unlikely to be traded
Gonzalez joins CBS; Sharpe, Marino out
Lions, Pettigrew to talk contract
Pouncey reacts to Mr. Wells
NFL Combine 2014: Presser schedule
Newton will not hold out
Roddy White arrested
Newton won't holdout, no progress on Graham talksDan Quinn went with his gut and his gut was wrong
Rex Ryan thinks the NFL should eject players for targeting, like the NCAA
Dez Bryant returns for the Cowboys this week, but Tony Romo is still sidelined
Jay Cutler miraculously cleared to play right after Brian Hoyer breaks his arm
The NFL’s war on fun continues in Week 7
Bruce Arians thinks the Seahawks' perfectly legal field goal block was 'bullshit'
Seahawks and Cardinals fought for 75 minutes in a game that was impossible to win
Eli Manning says he was not using ‘Trump' as an audible
The Chargers proved they're the NFL's most dramatic team with an overtime win over the Falcons
Ryan Fitzpatrick still believes in himself, even if most don't
Why is Case Keenum still starting for the Rams?
Josh Norman leaves game with a concussion
Adam Vinatieri breaks record for consecutive field goals made
Browns’ 4th-string QB, Kevin Hogan, is doing pretty well
Jerry Jones is fighting for your right to see NFL GIFs
Jamaal Charles expected to play with knee swelling
Nick Fairley is playing days after mother's death
Odell Beckham Jr. is playing with a sore hip. How effective will he be?
Odell Beckham Jr. is ready for cheap shots from the Rams
Beckham fined $24,309 for daring to take his helmet off
Josh Brown placed on exempt list after NFL reopens its domestic violence investigation
Giants don’t condone domestic violence but 'remain supportive' of Josh Brown
The NFL cares more about Goodell's authority than domestic violence
Davante Adams might be the answer to Aaron Rodgers' struggles
Bears QB Brian Hoyer suffered broken arm against Packers
Josh Brown admitted to abusing his wife
The AFC North has quietly become the worst division in the NFL
Newton investigation results in changes to concussion protocol
Why Geno Smith is the Jets’ starting quarterback again
Ben Roethlisberger undergoes successful surgery for a torn meniscus
It only took 3 games before Vontaze Burfict was fined by the NFL
Tony Romo was doing fine. Now, he's not. Hmmmm.Mayock releases first draft rankings
Ravens, Dennis Pitta 'far apart' on new deal
Carimi signs with Falcons to help OL
NFL news: Ravens, Suggs agree to 4-year extension
Boldin, 49ers working on extension
Browns want to re-sign Mack
NFL franchise tag primer
Ravens, Suggs agree to extension
Ryan Broyles hopes he'll be ready by training camp
Titans: No timetable for Johnson decision
Martin's camp to meet with Dolphins at Combine
American football could be in 2024 Olympics
NFL news: Wells report; Goodell pay and more
Roger Goodell earned $44M-plus in 2012
Incognito attorney challenges Wells report
Darren Sharper charged with 2 counts of rape
NFL releases statement on Ted Wells report
News roundup: Packers fans are the best
Browns want to void Davone Bess' 2014 salary
49ers want to extend Jim Harbaugh
Louis Delmas released
NFL free agency: 49ers want to re-sign Boldin
Lions release Burleson, Delmas
Packers, Saints have NFL's most loyal fan bases
Clowney wants to run a 4.4 at Combine
Sherman: NFL peers helped decipher Manning's code
NFL news: Martin, Incognito drama; Harper release
Former Browns GM Lombardi set to join the Patriots
Martin wants to return to football in 2014
Saints release S Harper after 8 years
Incognito-Martin feud turns ugly
Chiefs willing to let OT Branden Albert walkEric Decker’s hip surgery is bad news for the Jets’ 2017 season
The NFL still has a penalty problem
Dan Quinn doesn’t think the Falcons lost because of blown PI call
Odell Beckham Jr. had fun and the Giants are being party poopers about it
The Falcons and Seahawks made the NFL fun again on Sunday
The Bills were not impressed with the 49ers
The Texans are already screwing up the NFL playoff picture
Osweiler comes alive to lead Texans past Colts
Seahawks escape with a win after Falcons' desperate heave falls short
Seahawks players celebrated a touchback by beating up their own mascot
Jalen Ramsey backed up his talk with a huge game against the Bears
Rob Gronkowski, Dez Bryant, and the NFL’s 10 most impactful injuries for Week 6
Eli Manning reaches 300 career passing touchdowns
Brandin Cooks performs bow & arrow TD celebration
Cowboys may delay Tony Romo decision
Colin Kaepernick bought his own insurance after the 49ers took it away
Packers may turn to Randall Cobb as a backup running back
Ginsburg regrets ‘dismissive and harsh’ comments about Colin Kaepernick
Carlos Hyde gets fined over $9,000 by the NFL for flexing at Cardinals players
5 reasons Broncos fans should be worried
Philip Rivers finally got some help from the Chargers
Chargers finally hold late lead, beat Broncos
Broncos' record divisional road win streak ends
The Chargers were playing well, so naturally they botched a punt return
Josh Norman blasts NFL for ‘double standard’ as moral police
Should you bet on another Chargers collapse?
Ezekiel Elliott tops the list of surprising NFL running back statistics through Week 5
Kaepernick is starting –– and has a new contract
Brandin Cooks says NFL won't stop him from celebrating
The Steelers are trying out a Spanish rugby star
The Panthers are making history this season, just not the way they’d like to
The Jets are in worse shape without Eric DeckerRedskins QB Kirk Cousins is open to a trade
Broncos add 'GM' to John Elway's title
Browns want to lock up Haden
Saints may cut Harper, Smith
NFL news: Weeden wants out, Knighton contract
Weeden wants out of Cleveland
NFL news: Browns overhaul front office
Browns hire Bill Kuharich as assistant GM
Knighton wants new deal
Browns have decision to make on D'Qwell Jackson
Haslam goes on the defensive at press conference
Browns promote Farmer to GM
Browns fire Lombardi, promote Farmer to GM
Several NFL teams voice public support for Sam
Cortez Allen the new No. 1 CB in Pittsburgh?
Gabe Carimi released
Michael Johnson expected to leave Bengals
NFL news: Redskins face pressure over name
Lee's injury history poses concern for Cowboys
Will MJD find what he's looking for?
Harris has successful surgery
Cowboys, Austin likely to part ways
Redskins face congressional pressure on team name
What will Alex Smith cost Chiefs?
Doug Williams back with Redskins
Patrick Peterson leads potential holdouts list
NFL news: Moreno contract; Brady, Belichick out
Knowshon Moreno hopes to remain with Broncos
NFL news: Chudzinski hired, Graham contract
Chudzinski hired as Colts assistant
NFL news: Robinson release, Clowney talks
Clowney believes he should be No. 1 overall pickKaepernick starting for 49ers in Week 6 against the Bills
Browns WR Hawkins was trolling the NFL with boring TD celebration
The Bucs shouldn't have drafted a kicker in 2nd round
Michael Bennett is ‘irate’ about Donald Trump’s ‘locker room talk’ excuse
Bears coach John Fox says the media should stick to their 'hot dog-laden press box'
Bill Belichick may only have emotions about one thing, and it’s the Cleveland Browns
Panthers cut starting CB less than a week after Julio Jones torched him
Broncos head coach Gary Kubiak diagnosed with complex migraine condition
Part of the reason the Dolphins lost was because Laremy Tunsil slipped in the shower
Cowboys insist Tony Romo will be the starter again soon
The Ravens fired OC Marc Trestman
Giants tackle Ereck Flowers shoved an ESPN reporter in the locker room
Packers provide a little drama in win over Giants
Packers RB Eddie Lacy questionable to return with ankle injury
Falcons win 4th straight, top Broncos thanks to surprisingly stingy defense
Brady shows no rust after manhandling the Browns
Cody Kessler leaves with chest injury after disastrous play
Josh Norman was helped off field against Ravens, but returned in second quarter
Chargers reportedly close to firing Mike McCoy
Cam Newton’s ‘inner circle’ asking him to play safer
NFL bans teams from sharing clips of their players
3 things the Falcons must do to beat the Broncos
Paxton Lynch will start his first career NFL game against Atlanta
The Jay Cutler era might be over for the Bears
Hurricane Matthew will not move Dolphins-Titans game
Ranking the NFL's most ludicrous fines of the week
Chip Kelly hints at Kaepernick taking over
Cardinals beat the 49ers thanks to Larry Fitzgerald and David Johnson
Another Brown TD, another flag for pelvic thrusts
Hurricane Matthew may force NFL to move Titans-Dolphins, Bucs-Panthers games
Giants coaches are ready to bench Odell Beckham Jr.
Should the Chargers trade Rivers?Chiefs cut Dunta Robinson
NFL news: SB sets records, Jets interested in WRs
NFL media ratings spike during Super Bowl coverage
Del Rio agrees to extension with Broncos
Danario Alexander suffers another setback
NFL roundup: Kluwe taking the Vikings to task
NFL News: Romo rehabbing, O'Brien announces staff
Full slate of NFL combine participants
NFL news: Cassel voids deal, Samuel released
NFL roundup: Asante Samuel cut by Atlanta
Falcons cut Samuel, Nicholas
CBS to air 8 TNF games in 2014
Can Eagles keep Cooper and Maclin?
Matt Cassel bolts from Vikings
Patrick Peterson could holdout
Seahawks expected to release Sidney Rice
NFL news: Fitzgerald contract, Thomas injury
Larry Fitzgerald restructures his contract
Broncos remain committed to Peyton Manning
NFL news: Lions, Suh will talk extension
Thomas played through separated shoulder in SB
Nick Collins hoping to return to NFL
Hot mess in Cleveland
Perry Riley, Redskins talk extension
Bowman has surgery
Redskins face interesting decision with Orakpo
Suh, Lions expected to negotiate new contract soon
More cold weather cities hope to host Super Bowl
Decker, other Broncos to hit free agent market
Super Bowl XLVIII was worst ever for bettors
NFL news: Bailey will return, SB draws huge rating
Veldheer wants 'more urgency' in contract talksOver 400 NFL players will wear alt-cleats Week 13
Donte Whitner signs with Washington
Carson Palmer will not play Thursday night
Kevin White’s injury is yet another blow for the Bears
Let Antonio Brown do all the humping he wants
Frustrated Odell Beckham Jr. says he’s 'not having fun anymore' playing football
It only took 4 weeks for desperation to hit the Indianapolis Colts
Vikings improve to 4-0 after dismantling Giants, 24-10
NFL's silly taunting penalties are changing the outcome of games
Chiefs do almost nothing right in loss to Steelers
Buccaneers had another weather delay
DeflateGate is truly over
Chargers blow it to hand Saints their 1st win
Brian Hoyer will start for Bears against Lions
Jacoby Brissett will start at QB For Patriots
Bills place Sammy Watkins on injured reserve
Jamaal Charles will return for Chiefs in Week 4
Are the Dolphins ever going to get better?
A.J. Green was a one-man wrecking crew against the Dolphins
Lady Gaga will headline Super Bowl halftime show
Josh Gordon will enter inpatient rehab facility
Dez Bryant won't play against San Francisco
Dez Bryant had a perfectly good reason for skipping his MRI
J.J. Watt has more time for social media now
Bears sign Joique Bell before they face his old team
Are the Falcons good now?
Falcons win 45-32 against Saints
Greg Hardy arrested for possession of cocaine
Rex Ryan does a pretty good Bill Belichick impersonation
Bucs release Austin Seferian-Jenkins after DUI arrest
Russell Wilson not expected miss time with MCL sprain
Dallas makes work of Chicago's subpar defenseRice expresses regret for playing through injury
Rodgers-Cromartie wants to re-sign with Broncos
Explaining the NFL waiver system
Prop bets: Orange bath and no crying for Knowshon
Harris to have knee surgery on Thursday
Albert could be top target of Dolphins
White wants to retire in Atlanta
Aaron Hernandez associate shot outside club
Seattle's defense a 'battering ram'
Super Bowl rings
Bailey will return
Big ratings for Super Bowl
Quinn was interested in Browns
Broncos 'beat themselves' in Super Bowl
Broncos fear losing Decker to free agency
John Fox, Broncos expected to work on extension
Mara wants another Super Bowl in New York
Holliday 'X-factor'
Seattle LBs must be 'on top of their game'
Jets, Bucs to have interest in Vick?
Seahawks injury report
Broncos injury report
Kirk Cousins open to trade, per report
Fox will receive $1 million bonus with SB win
FOX breaks out wind special effects
Sanchez had knee surgery
What will the weather do for today's Super Bowl?
Super Bowl rosters
Super Bowl pregame madness
NFL Honors recap, roundup
Manning named Offensive Player of the Year
Kuechly named NFL Defensive Player of the YearSteve Smith's new trash talk rival is rookie Jalen Ramsey
Carson Wentz and the Eagles look legitimately good
Jay Cutler will miss ‘Sunday Night Football’ vs. Cowboys
Terrelle Pryor almost beat the Dolphins by himself
Protesters are planning to disrupt Panthers game
Terelle Pryor appears at QB for the Browns
Brissett reportedly suffers thumb injury in Thursday’s win
What’s next for Adrian Peterson and the Vikings?
Patriots looked unstoppable against Texans
Bill Belichick now 4th all-time in wins for an NFL head coach
Doug Baldwin demands review of police training
Kelly shut down columnist who tried to condemn Kaepernick
Gronk will play Thursday against the Texans
Colin Kaepernick featured on cover of 'Time'
Adrian Peterson likely out months after knee surgery
Texans-Patriots isn't the usual TNF turd
Browns Coleman suffers fractured hand
Josh Norman & OBJ are suddenly playing nice
Jay Cutler is day-to-day with thumb sprain
Who are the Patriots trying to f*** with?
Wentz did something no rookie QB has done since 1970
Wentz did enough to help the Eagles beat the Bears
Cody Kessler starting for Browns in Week 3
Eagles players protest during national anthem
Seahawks docked draft pick for contact in OTAs
Adrian Peterson's wife says his knee will be OK
Adrian Peterson suffers knee injury
Vikings open new stadium with win over Packers
Sam Bradford injured his hand but returned to the game
Jimmy Garoppolo not expected to play Thursday
Rams defeat Seahawks in first game back in LA
Garoppolo leaves Dolphins game after big hitRivera named 2013 NFL Coach of the Year
Philip Rivers wins Comeback Player of the Year
Richardson wins Defensive Rookie of the Year
Eddie Lacy named offensive rookie of the year
Seattle must stop Thomas
Broncos trying to add to history
Browns hire Kyle Shanahan as OC
Vernon Davis questions Roger Goodell on healthcare
Jammer on Harvin: "He's just an explosive guy"
Sherman says Manning 'throws ducks'
Broncos injury update: Major players should play
Broncos not expected to re-sign Knowshon Moreno
NFL news: Incognito, Martin; Henne extension
Cowboys promote Marinelli, keep Kiffin
Ross hints Incognito, Martin won't return to Miami
Jaguars will discuss an extension with Chad Henne
NFL news: Panthers, Rivera agree to extension
Hickey: Dolphins' structure is 'completely clear'
Rivera, Panthers agree on 3-year extension
Raiders QB Coach John DeFilippo on Browns OC radar
Cardinals likely to target FA Brandon Albert
NE unlikely to give Edelman the franchise tag
Sherman speaks at Media Day
Prices falling for Super Bowl tickets
Gase waiting for 'right time' for head coach job
Longest successful field goal prop bet
Browns interviewing Shanahan
Rodgers-Cromartie backs off retirement comments
Manning isn't ready to talk legacy
Lynch threatens to skip Media Day
Armstead has hand surgery
Seahawks players believe in WilsonBrees passes Marino on all-time yards list
McCown briefly exits Ravens game with injury
P.J. Williams carted off on backboard after head injury
Things went from bad to worse for Bills
Not even Gronk's injury can slow down the Patriots
NFL fines Aaron Donald $21,000 for Week 1 outburst
Bills fire OC Greg Roman after 0-2 start
DeAndre Hopkins fined for wearing Yeezus cleats
Rex Ryan isn't doing much to help the Bills
Ref forces Taylor to be evaluated for concussion
Bills were inconsistent in 37-31 loss to Jets
Jets WR Brandon Marshall injured, but back in game
NFL fines Antonio Brown for twerking TD dance
Mike Mularkey is bad for Marcus Mariota's career
NFL won't fine players who wore 9/11 cleats
Broncos defenders fined for Newton headshots
We might not see Gronkowski on the field for a while
New Color Rush uniforms for every NFL team
New city, same old Rams
Washington was no match for the Steelers
RG3 will miss extended time with shoulder injury
Fitzgerald may retire at end of season
What happened on Sunday in the NFL
Jimmy Garoppolo leads Patriots to Week 1 win
Larry Fitzgerald catches his 100th career TD pass
Cushing reportedly out 6 weeks with MCL tear
It took the Browns 17 minutes to get a 1st down
NFLPA launches probe into handling of Cam Newton
Gronk will not play Sunday against Cardinals
Spotters saw ‘no indications of a concussion’ for Cam Newton
The NFL flunked the concussion test again
Broncos LB Brandon Marshall kneeled during anthem2014 Super Bowl Weather Forecast - Will it snow?
NFL news: Pro Bowl struggles, Kubiak to Ravens
Callahan expected to stay with Cowboys
Pro Bowl ratings drop despite overhaul
Ravens will hire Gary Kubiak as OC, per report
Rodgers-Cromartie could retire after Super Bowl
Falcons announce extensions for Dimitroff, Smith
Minnesota hopes to host 2018 Super Bowl
Browns will interview Jim O'Neil for DC job
Avril 'would love' extension
Lions introduce variable pricing
Goodell pleased with Pro Bowl
Denver slight favorites
Prater feeling better
NFL news: Pro Bowl, Willis surgery and more
Foles, Johnson named Pro Bowl MVPs
Carlin Isles quits rugby to focus on the Lions
Patrick Willis had thumb surgery
Mayhew says Stafford must improve his game
Mike Wallace wants better deep passing game
Dolphins hire Hickey as GM
NFL news: Senior Bowl, Kirby Wilson and more
Consistency leads to South win in Senior Bowl
Kirby Wilson won't be Ravens OC, per report
Revis says knee is '100 percent'
Eric Wright unlikely to return to 49ers
Bears Tillman to test free agency
NFL news: Diehl retires, Caserio interview
Bills hire Schwartz as DC
Harvin will have no limitations in Super Bowl
David Diehl retires from NY Giants
Goodell, Revis' take on ShermanBroncos top Panthers in 2016 NFL opener
Cam Newton scared us the 1st time he got sacked
Cam Newton breaks record for QB rushing touchdowns
Peyton Manning: good quarterback, bad DJ
There's a real, live NFL game on TV tonight
Broncos sign Emmanuel Sanders to 3-year extension
Saints extend Drew Brees' contract
Patriots take on another reclamation projects with Rowe
Ryan a mugging target cause he 'ain't like Lil Wayne'
Which team is the best in the NFL?
Carson Wentz will start for Eagles
Cowboys sign Mark Sanchez after he was cut by Broncos
Broncos release Mark Sanchez after lousy preseason
Goff is the Rams' first-round third-string QB
Jeremy Lane stands behind Kaepernick and sits during anthem
Kaepernick not alone in anthem protest
Cowboys don't know what to do with Tony Romo
Philadelphia will host the 2017 NFL Draft
NFL clears players in Al Jazeera PED investigation
Antonio Brown gets bump in salary from Steelers
Vikings aren't doomed without Teddy Bridgewater
Teddy Bridgewater suffers torn ACL
Washington vs. Bucs finale moved to Wednesday
Mark Sanchez is now the NFL's Kirk Van Houten
Joey Bosa's holdout is over
The Broncos may not know who Mark Sanchez is
Trevor Siemian is the Broncos' starting QB
Maybe it's time for Tony Romo to hang it up
Colin Kaepernick will continue protest
Dashon Goldson signs with Falcons
Romo has broken bone in back
The Cowboys have a lot to be excited aboutJosh Brent sentenced to 10 years' probation
Pats' Nick Caserio to interview for Phins' GM job
Dolphins have 2 finalists for GM position
Kyle Shanahan gets 2nd interview for Ravens OC gig
Fred Davis facing 6-game suspension
Mike Pettine believes Brian Hoyer is 'a winner'
Super Bowl briefing: Broncos ready for weather
Farmer declines 2nd interview with Dolphins
Harvin practices again for Seahawks
NFL roundup: Welker cleared, Peterson recovering
Mike Pettine promises accountability for Browns
Bucs could trade No. 7 pick
Ravens schedule 2nd interview for Kirby Wilson
Peterson has groin surgery, out 6 weeks
Cowboys sign K Dan Bailey to 7-year deal
Obama interview to be aired in Super Bowl pregame
Pettine expected to receive Browns HC offer
NFL could allow medical marijuana
Revis talks Schiano
Jacobs rips Harbaugh
NFL won't discipline Welker for Talib hit
Super Bowl notes: Harvin returns to practice
NFL news: Browns search, Peterson surgery and more
MUNCHAK HIRED
Browns head coach search down to 3 candidates
Russell Wilson once went to Peyton Manning's camp
Former Cowboy Josh Brent Found Guilty
Irsay supports Manning two seasons after departure
Jets expected to cut Santonio Holmes
Dante Scarnecchia to Retire
NFL News: Is it okay to call Sherman a 'thug'?
Sherman addresses interview, being called a 'thug'Browns trade Barkevious Mingo to Patriots
Giants knew about Brown's arrest, re-signed him
Chargers want you to think they're good guys in Bosa standoff
Let’s try to make sense of Joey Bosa’s holdout
Who's behind the Josh Gordon trade rumors?
Jeremy Mincey retires from NFL
Dak Prescott is ready for any kind of ice cream
Colts add Cromartie to secondary
Bounce-back year for NFL Draft busts?
The 49ers and Broncos can't stop fumbling
NFL defends 1-game ban for Josh Brown
Bills cut ties with Karlos Williams
Le’Veon Bell suspension reduced to 3 games
Players named in PED report agree to talk to NFL
6 big winners from Thursday's NFL preseason action
Ezekiel Elliott has the 'easiest job in America'
Jerry Jones could be headed for the Hall of Fame
Bills DT Marcell Dareus suspended 4 games
Titans trade Dorial Green-Beckham to Eagles
Goodell's got discipline fever again
Saints 1st-rounder Rankins will have surgery
Pat McAfee’s random NFL drug tests aren’t random
Did Adele get offered Super Bowl halftime show?
This play might win Boykin Seattle’s backup QB job
Wentz suffers hairline fracture in ribs
Bills sign Tyrod Taylor to extension
Carson Wentz is in preseason form
Antonio Brown almost got ejected from practice
Fans who missed HOF Game plan to sue the NFL
Ragland to have surgery on torn ACL
Eagles RT Lane Johnson facing 10-game suspension
Hall of Fame Game canceledJets interested in re-signing Calvin Pace
NFL coach says Sanchez would start if cut
Lions could use franchise tag on Pettigrew
Miami OT Henderson admits past marijuana use
Falcons hire Scott Pioli as assistant GM
Bills want to re-sign Jairus Byrd
NFL news: Pettine interview, Licht hired & more
NFL news: No timetable for Bowman's return
Sherman apologizes for Crabtree comments
Dirk Koetter to interview for Browns HC job
Talib has no structural damage on knee
Gore to have surgery on hand
Bucs hire Jason Licht as GM, per report
Pettine to get 2nd interview with Browns
Williams wants to return to Minnesota
Graham to get franchise tag?
Gase takes himself out of Browns HC search
Jerry Jones hopes patience is virtuous
Jones on track for Falcons return
Buccaneers GM search down to 3 candidates
Super Bowl daily briefing: Early favorites
Ravens interview Linehan for offensive coordinator
Goodell, NFL considering eliminating extra points
Bowman has torn ACL, MCL according to report
NFL news: Richard Sherman stands by comments
Broncos to wear home orange jerseys in Super Bowl
Brady played through ligament injury
Blount hopes to return to Patriots in 2014
Conference championship ratings up from 2013
Percy Harvin expected to play in Super Bowl
Talib, Patriots have mutual interest in new deal
Senior Bowl player measurements releasedRobert Griffin III is officially the Browns’ starting quarterback
The 1st debacle of the NFL season
It's not McGraw's fault the HOF field was trash
Brett Favre sounds like he still wants to play
Dungy acknowledges the trailblazers
Marvin Harrison speech: Colts legend thanks fans
Seahawks sign veteran guard Jahri Evans
Longtime Packer Kuhn signs with Saints
Marshall takes swing at Revis during Jets practice
Cardinals extend both Palmer, Fitzgerald
Tucker thinks he could make an 84.5-yard FG
Rams owner no-shows Hall of Fame
Don't freak out that Matt Ryan got picked off by his coach
NFL wins appeal vs. Peterson, confirms Goodell's power
White has had it with Cutler criticism
Bengals' 1st-rounder will have surgery for torn pec
Hall chooses Giants over Bengals
RG3 looks 'unbelievably believable' again
Chiefs sign Nick Foles to be their backup QB
Demaryius Thomas' grandmother is granted clemency
Ryan Fitzpatrick cut his hair
Brady is 39, but hasn't showed signs of slowing
The Cowboys have a quarterback problem
49ers sign NaVorro Bowman to surprise extension
Dwight Freeney to sign with Falcons
Tyrann Mathieu signs 5-year extension
Broncos opening the door for Paxton Lynch?
Tony Romo isn’t fat
Bills sign Reggie Bush to 1-year deal
Von Miller is good at everything but kicking
Michael Bennett prods NFL stars to speak out
Tyrod Taylor deserves Osweiler moneyAndrew Luck, Nick Foles added to Pro Bowl
Sherman explains postgame outburst
Sherman's feud with Crabtree has history
League looking into sideline hit on Jeremy Lane
Mike Iupati fractured ankle in loss
Knowshon Moreno should be healthy for Super Bowl
How to watch Super Bowl XLVIII
Broncos headed to 7th Super Bowl
Dennis Hickey impresses in Dolphins' GM interview
Seahawks DC Quinn could interview with Browns
Nicks, Giants expected to part ways
Harvin could be back for Super Bowl
Patriots punter Allen expected to play
NFL Conference Championship weather forecast
Garopollo's arm helps win East-West Shrine Game
NFL news: Darren Sharper arrested
Titans hire Horton as DC, per report
NFL news: Haslett retained, Zimmer introduced
Jim Haslett will stay on as Redskins' DC
Mike Zimmer introduced as Vikings head coach
Dobson progressing, but status uncertain
Sam Bradford says he'll be ready for training camp
Carlos Rogers on status: 'I'm playing'
Raiders don't expect to re-sign Darren McFadden
Davone Bess arrested for assault
Malcom Floyd neck injury could be career ending
NFL roundup: Ryan extended, Clark retiring?
Rich Bisaccia to interview with Browns
Tannenbaum admits Tebow trade was a mistake
NFL news: Percy Harvin uncertain
Percy Harvin not yet cleared
Elway: Playoffs not as much fun as an exec49ers OT Davis reinstated after brief retirement
Chiefs give lucrative deal to Eric Fisher
Titans sign Andre Johnson
Eifert says he'll never play in the Pro Bowl again
Dion Jordan granted conditional reinstatement
Eagles extended the ageless Darren Sproles
Vikings sign Mike Zimmer to contract extension
What are the Saints doing with Drew Brees?
The Jets finally re-sign Ryan Fitzpatrick
Rams released Foles at his own request
The NFL finally wants to fix its fields
Carroll agrees to extension with Seahawks
Anquan Boldin signs with the Lions
Randy Gregory headed to rehab
Galette tears Achilles, will miss 2nd straight season
The Steelers are the teacher's pet of the NFL
Josh Gordon reinstated by NFL
NFL will impose fines for concussion protocol violations
Bell suspended 4 games for missed drug test
NFL clears Peyton Manning of PED allegations
Greg Jennings announces his retirement
Another NFL player is retiring early
Goodell is using virtual reality to learn empathy
J.J. Watt could miss the start of the season
Family Hour: Firing the quacks & staying cool!
Ryan Fitzpatrick won't talk about the Jets now
Eugene Monroe announces retirement
Odell Beckham says he made Josh Norman relevant
The NFL dumped its chief CTE-denying quack
Romo wants to play until he's 46
The NFL is stuck with Roger Goodell. Sorry.
7 desperate NFL predictionsColts GM: Trent Richardson showed progress
Coaching rumors roundup: Vikes hire coordinators
Phillips thinks age could factor into unemployment
Sidney Rice: Seattle is where 'you want to be'
Lions, Suh want to get extension done
Ryan survives stormy season, gets extension
Police believe Hernandez shooter in 2012 murders
Telesco wants more speed on Chargers
Jets' Antonio Cromartie believes he will be cut
AFC Championship odds: Patriots vs. Broncos
Dallas Clark considering retirement
NFL news: Johnson surgery, Zimmer hired and more
Daily Briefing: Brady sick, cheap pants and Omaha!
NFL coaching, front office news roundup
Calvin Johnson has surgery on knee, finger
2014 NFL playoffs: Super Bowl referee announced
Bengals promote LB coach Paul Guenther to DC
Vikings to interview Norv Turner for OC
Brady misses practice Wednesday
Greg Hardy could leave in free agency
Giants fire two offensive assistants
Vikings hire Zimmer
NFL news: Concussion settlement, Lazor to Lions
McCarron's Senior Bowl skip could haunt him
Chargers re-sign defensive coordinator John Pagano
Lazor reportedly joins Lions as new OC
NFL roundup: Lions hire Jim Caldwall
NFL confident in concussion settlement approval
Lions tap Austin for DC, Prince for OC, per report
David Diehl likely to retire this offseason
Colston pass was a called play by the Saints
Fred Jackson wants to play 3-4 more yearsDolphins sign Arian Foster
Agholor will not be charged with sexual assault
The NFL might make kicking even harder
Carson Wentz will likely be inactive Week 1
Jets sign Wilkerson to long-term deal
Jeffery, Bears can't agree on extension
Cousins will make $19M under the tag
Rams CB Johnson doesn't get long-term deal
Chiefs asked Berry to pay for disability policy
Justin Tucker, Ravens agree on 4-year deal
Broncos make Miller highest-paid defensive player
Brady ends fight against DeflateGate suspension
Tebow will speak at the Republican Convention
Supplemental draft format, schedule and other info
Tom Brady's appeal is rejcted
L.A. is excited about terrible NFL football
Rams, 49ers likely to play 2018 game in China
Browns unhappy with Isaiah Crowell
Von Miller and the Broncos are getting closer
The pressure's on Kirk Cousins in '16
This could be the golden age of Jay Cutler
NFL players fall asleep in some weird places
Von Miller and the Broncos are talking again
The Patriots have done the Durant thing twice
Painkiller suit the latest accusation against NFL
Goodell took another pay cut, but he's still rich
Rolando McClain will serve 10-game suspension
Manziel suspended 4 games for substance abuse
Sheldon Richardson suspended 1 game
The NFL and NFLPA appear ready to battle over PEDs
Andrew Luck's deal sets a new market in the NFL
Luck is highest-paid player after new Colts dealBucs set up second GM interviews
Jim Caldwell hired by Lions
Browns waiting for Adam Gase
Patriots vs. Broncos much different than Week 12
Lions focused on Caldwell, Munchak
Titans hire Whisenhunt
NFL news: Broncos CB tears ACL
Stanford's Yankey, ASU's Bradford going pro
Option deadline for 2011 NFL draft picks looming
Jackson suggests interest in McFadden
Broncos, Seahawks restrict ticket sales
Arizona's Ka'Deem Carey reportedly turning pro
Gore: 49ers in for dog fight vs. Seahawks
Graham faces franchise tag, but as TE or WR?
Broncos' Harris suffers torn ACL
Coaching roundup: Browns interviewing Munchak
LSU's Hill going to NFL
Broncos CB Harris could miss AFC Championship
Ryan Mathews active for Chargers vs. Broncos
Callahan still calling plays for Cowboys
Stewart, Rogers out, Smith in for CAR vs. SF
Vikings done with Ponder?
Latest NFL coaching news
Titans exec reportedly doubts Locker's NFL future
Spikes IR'd for discipline in addition to injury
FSU RB Devonta Freeman will enter NFL Draft
NFL Divisional playoff weather forecast
NFL news: Carey extension, Sparano contract
Detroit sings Don Carey to 3-year extension
NFL injury roundup: Ryan Mathews questionable
NFL news: Kluwe says Tebow is kept out for beliefs
2 players broke NFL concussion rules last weekRyan's legacy is far-reaching but complicated
Baldwin, Seahawks agree on extension
Peyton Manning is the Drake of the NFL
NFL will interview players about Al Jazeera report
Calvin Johnson says he was 'fed up' with football
Raiders upset with new Las Vegas stadium plan
Don't blame the spread for poor NFL blocking
Cowboys have a different plan for Ezekiel Elliott
Chargers need to quit being dumb, sign Joey Bosa
Finally, Browns fans have something to celebrate
Rex Ryan is already winning vacation
3 toots for Riverboat Ron!
Stop worrying about Miller's contract negotiations
Ravens release OT Eugene Monroe
The Cousins-Luck debate you didn't know existed
The Ravens are done with Eugene Monroe
Denver inks LB Marshall to 4-year extension
Ben Roethlisberger would go for 2 after every TD
McFadden broke elbow trying to save phone
Perriman won't miss 2016 with ACL injury
Fallout from Fletcher Cox's $103 million deal
Cox signs 6-year, $103M extension
Former NBA guard Nate Robinson gets NFL tryout
Imagining an NFL without kickoffs
Von Miller cropped out John Elway on purpose
Carey is out as the rules expert for CBS
Chargers sign WR Allen to extension
Eagles WR Nelson Agholor accused of sexual assault
The Giants practice to classic TV show themes
You'll flip for the NFL's new coin toss rule!
Von Miller has no reason to settle
NFL players can't wear hoodies anymore'Phins, Bucs target Eagles' Tom Gamble
Giants facing offseason questions at RB
Hue Jackson to stress running game as Bengals OC
Kluwe: Tebow also not playing due to beliefs
Pats WR Dobson not expected to play vs. Colts
Pierre Thomas back at Saints practice
Veldheer wants to stay in Oakland
NFL roundup: Gruden talks RG3, HOF finalists named
Strahan, Jones highlight Hall of Fame finalists
Dolphins lining up interviews for new GM
Kellen Winslow charged with drug possession
Mike Zimmer interviews with Titans
Gruden discusses RG3 and the future in Washington
NFL news: Redskins hire Jay Gruden
Giants RB Wilson will have neck surgery
Thursday NFL coaching rumors roundup
Panthers' Smith suffers setback
Auburn's Tre Mason will enter NFL draft
Jeffery subbing Johnson in Pro Bowl
Colts not giving up on Trent Richardson
Bama's Clinton-Dix, Kouandjio turning pro
Hue Jackson will replace Jay Gruden as Bengals OC
Redskins hire Jay Gruden
NFL news: Franklin interview, Smith extension
NFL roundup: KC's Alex Smith to get an extension
James Franklin to interview with Redskins
Coaching roundup: McDaniels out of CLE HC search
Dolphins interviewing Bill Lazor to be OC
Chiefs to extend Smith this offseason
Commish talks London, L.A. and legalization
Ravens could franchise tag TE Dennis Pitta
McDaniels withdraws from Browns HC searchRGIII throwing ball away to prove he's 'coachable'
The Cowboys should trade Darren McFadden
Someone hacked the NFL Twitter account
Goodell calls DeflateGate 'unfortunate'
Aqib Talib may have shot himself
Talib shot at Dallas club
NFL is finally listening to marijuana researchers
Tyrann Mathieu gives back to New Orleans
Bradford is great, says Eagles OC and no one else
The NFL's most athletic offensive lines
Cowboys making OTAs all about Ezekiel Elliott
Pro Bowl moving from Hawaii to Orlando
How not to handle an NFL quarterback
Eagles DB Walter Thurmond retires, per report
Is Las Vegas a bad sports town?
Bills dealing with disappearance of Henderson
Julian Edelman yelled 'Free Brady' at a concert
Texans LB Whitney Mercilus has found his lost dogs
The Jets offense all bailed on OTAs
What excuse will Rob Ryan use for the Bills?
How a bad Jets conspiracy theory got started
Real reason Bills GM says humans shouldn't play FB
The Bucs learned how weather works
The NFL thinks it's not getting a fair shake
Tyler Eifert may miss the start of the season
Los Angeles to host 2021 Super Bowl
Atlanta will host Super Bowl in 2019
Ramsey injury sucks, but the Jaguars will be OK
NFL tweaks its replay rules again
Bubba Smith had CTE, too
Bills don't want reporters to report on the Bills
Brady appeals suspension againRedskins to interview Jay Gruden Wednesday
Ravens face tough contract decision with Suggs
Johnny Manziel declares for the NFL Draft
Titans' Johnson wants out unless carries increase
Aaron Hernandez implicated in double-murder
RGIII reportedly bragged about influence
Dennis Allen to remain Raiders head coach
NFL news: Ireland out, Kubiak interview and more
Lions interview Kubiak
Dolphins 'part ways' with GM Jeff Ireland
Keenan Lewis expects to play
Dennis Allen, Mark Davis clashing over assistants
NFL news roundup: Gronk to undergo knee surgery
O'Brien seeking a 'partner' at QB
Graham wants to start for Eagles or somewhere else
Missouri's Henry Josey entering 2014 NFL Draft
Gronkowski to have surgery on MCL, ACL tears
Dobson misses practice
Who were the best players of Wild Card weekend?
Smith sees positives in Glennon
Arthur Blank wants a 'tougher' Falcons
Maclin wants to return
Gruden will interview with Titans
Best likely done with football
Munchak will interview with Lions
NFL roundup: Jim!
Cowboys could release Miles Austin
NFL news: League refutes playoff expansion
Brandon Spikes lands on injured reserve
Colts sign Deion Branch, place Greg Toler on IR
Mike Sullivan to interview with Giants
Packers LB Mike Neal avoids serious injuryThe NFL wants to fix the replay system again
Sherman hoping Lynch will come back
Licht doesn't care about value
The AFC East really isn't 'up for grabs'
Jaguars' 1st-rounder injured in rookie camp again
Patrick Willis is now a Silicon Valley tech geek
Ravens could potentially lose a draft pick
The NFL's softening stance on Vegas is convenient
The Raiders defense is going to be a problem
Bradford drama with the Eagles is over (for now)
Mettenberger claimed by Chargers
Lynch goes Beast Mode at the ping-pong table
Watkins suffered broken foot
Every major NFL free agent signing this offseason
Jason Jones signs 1-year deal with Dolphins
The Honey Badger is about to be very rich
Hayne retires from NFL to play Olympic rugby
Cam Newton lent Oprah's boyfriend some shoes
Navy Sec. says Reynolds, Cardona can play
The Saints seem fine letting Drew Brees walk
Rob Gronkowski will be on the cover of 'Madden 17'
Ricardo Lockette retires from NFL
NFL lets player put his actual name on his jersey
Jason Campbell is not coming back to the NFL
Will Cam Newton be on the cover of 'Madden 17'?
Bjoern Werner signs with Jaguars
The Las Vegas Raiders could actually be a thing
Eli Manning may go by his real name: Elisha
Meet Seahawks do-it-all running back C.J. Prosise
Eric Striker makes rookie mistake
Bradford ends pointless holdout
Peterson believes he can play until he's 40Derek Wolfe remains out for Broncos
UAB RB Darrin Reaves will enter 2014 NFL Draft
James Jones to test free agency
Mike Sherman fired as Dolphins OC
Packers CB Shields only has bone bruise
Steve Smith uncertain to play vs. 49ers
Jeremy Maclin wants to return to Eagles
Monday coaching rumors roundup
DeSean Jackson wants a new contract
Cowboys face tough decision with DeMarcus Ware
NFL denies playoff expansion rumors
Packers' Shields, Neal injure knees vs. 49ers
Notre Dame DL Stephon Tuitt will enter draft
NFL news: Wild card wraps up, Munchak's refusal
Steve Smith says he's ready for playoffs
De'Anthony Thomas is turning pro
Packers FG block attempt was offsides
Sam Shields injured versus 49ers
Clay Matthews, Carlos Rogers inactive
Jeff Triplette gets snippy with the Bengals fans
Bengals lead Chargers 10-7 at half
Sunday coaching rumors roundup
Munchak refused to fire staff for Titans extension
Redskins interested in Gruden, Briles
Cromartie expects release from Jets
WR Eddie Royal active vs. Bengals
Peters says Saints 'got lucky' in win
Hester unlikely to return in 2013
Gresham, Eifert expected to play vs. Chargers
Whisenhunt considered top candidate for Lions
Lynch fined $50k for not talking to media
Haralson may have torn pectoral muscleEven Sam Bradford's holdout was underwhelming
Robert Nkemdiche benched a lineman during practice
Some rookies are losing training time due to rule
The Buccaneers drafted a 'weapon' not a kicker
Washington signs Jordan Reed to 5-year extension
Manziel can't contact ex in 1st court hearing
Jerry Jones wants to bring the NFL Draft to Dallas
Patriots are early Super Bowl 51 favorites
The Browns were the real winners in the NFL Draft
Tracking 5th-year options for top 2013 picks
Dolphins tossing out rookie minicamp practices
It's deadline day for the 2013 NFL Draft class
Hey, let's overanalyze the 2016 NFL Draft!
Bills sign UDFA Glenn Gronkowski
Browns collect draft picks for 2017
Colts draft Le'Raven Clark
Whitehair lands with Bears
Washington drafts Su'a Cravens
Reed goes to Seahawks after trade up
NFL appears to be warming to sports gambling
Goodell says Laremy Tunsil's night was 'exciting'
The weirdest 1st round of the NFL Draft ever
Falcons draft Keanu Neal
Everything we know about the Will Smith case
NFL Draft trade talk is heating up
Manziel indicted for assault charge by grand jury
Panthers pick up Star Lotulelei's option
JaMarcus Russell says he'd play for free in NFL
The saddest chapter in the Sam Bradford saga
Washington asks Supreme Court to review trademark case
Roger Goodell can do whatever he wants
Norman made last-ditch effort to stay in CarolinaWashington to interview Perry Fewell
How cold will it be in Green Bay today?
Donte Moncrief declares for NFL draft
Sammy Watkins to enter NFL draft
NFL roundup: Lovie Smith has 'big plans' for Revis
Texans will hire Romeo Crennel as DC, per report
Webster comments on Munchak firing
Hali, Houston both active for wild card game
Mike Munchak fired by Titans
Lovie has 'big plans' for Revis
NFL coaching tracker
Cowher: 'Highly unlikely' he'll coach again
Steelers expected to keep Haley
Redskins interview Rich Bisaccia
Sunday's Niners vs. Packers coldest game ever?
NFL news: Tressel interview; Munchak through 2014
Marqise Lee headed to the NFL
49ers-Packers: Matthews out; Rogers questionable
Chargers vs. Bengals injury report
Cleveland denies report of Jim Tressel interview
Munchak expected back next season, per report
Chiefs vs. Colts final injury report
Saints vs. Eagles final injury report
All-Pros announced; Texans willing to deal
NFL should allow all 10-win teams in playoffs
Texans open to dealing No. 1 pick
Peyton Manning highlights All-Pro team
Vikings respond to Kluwe
Buccaneers interested in Chris Ballard for GM
LSU's Anthony Johnson declares for NFL Draft
New faces, new places: NFL coaching tracker
NFL news: Cutler gets a new contractDoes Bradford want out of Philadelphia?
Appeals court reinstates Brady suspension
NFL teams aren't done trading for quarterbacks
Washington signs Josh Norman
Why the Panthers dumped Josh Norman
49ers 'leading candidate' to land Josh Norman
McShay's latest mock draft has Goff at No. 1
Sam Bradford is mad about the Eagles' trade
Browns trade No. 2 pick to Eagles
Should the Eagles trade up in the NFL Draft?
Kiper has Ezekiel Elliott falling out of 1st round
Texans release Hoyer
Donald Trump dumps the Patriots for the Bills
Owners should revoke Goodell's disciplinary power
Chiefs lose appeal for tampering ruling
Giants re-sign K Josh Brown
Richardson looks to revive career with Ravens
Even NFL Draft experts approve of Ezekiel Elliott
Browner to reunite with Seahawks
The Rams don't know who they're picking at No. 1
Percy Harvin decides to retire
2016 NFL schedule leaks are happening
What the Rams-Titans trade means for the NFL Draft
Titans trade No. 1 overall pick to the Rams
Johnny Manziel's agent dropped him
2016 NFL regular season schedule TBA Thursday
Oakman arrested for sexual assault
Patriots release '14 1st-rounder Dominique Easley
Bengals exercise 5th-year option on Tyler Eifert
NO coroner says Will Smith shot 8 times
John Elway is being a real cheapskate
Wentz, Goff among players to attend NFL DraftAustin Collie returns to the Patriots
Giants coordinator to retire
Penn State WR Allen Robinson heads for draft
Lions to interview Jim Caldwell on Friday
Browns to interview Todd Bowles on Friday
Falcons, Jaguars to coach Senior Bowl
Vikings interested Bengals' Gruden, Zimmer
Cutler to earn $18M per season
Vikings' Henderson arrested on suspicion of DUI
Frigid temperatures expected for 49ers-Packers
Schaub, Vick best QBs left after Cutler signing
Cutler gets extension
Referee assignments for Wild Card round determined
NFL news: Smith hired, Fewell interview and more
Bucs to hire Tedford for offensive coordinator
Bucs hire Lovie Smith
Redskins interested in Giants DC Perry Fewell
Jadeveon Clowney declares for NFL Draft
Bridgewater considering Roc Nation
Redskins interviewing Jim Caldwell
Browns expected to hire Schwartz as DC
Schwartz's record as head coach among worst ever
Bridgewater declares for NFL Draft
Cardinals expected to pay Daryl Washington's bonus
Eric Fisher injured in practice
Vick willing to back up Foles next year
Raiders to place coaches on 1-year contracts?
Tavon Austin plans to add weight
Stephen Ross mulling major Dolphins shakeup
Jets expected to release Sanchez
49ers considering east coast stay if they win
Ravens have big-name pending free agentsNFL denies Josh Gordon's reinstatement
Saints pick up Kenny Vacarro's 5th-year option
LeGarrette Blount re-signs with Patriots
Fletcher Cox and the Eagles can't agree on a deal
Mathieu, Payton speak out after Will Smith's death
McCoy avoids criminal charges for night club brawl
Myles Jack is a 'faster version of Ray Lewis'
Broncos trade Ryan Clady to Jets
Arians says football is 'being attacked' by moms
Former Saint Will Smith killed in shooting
Colvin among 4 players suspended Friday
Are the Eagles trying to trade up in the draft?
Ferguson retiring after 10 seasons
What are the chances Broncos sign Johnny Manziel?
NFL releases 2016 preseason schedule
Ezekiel Elliott is flying up draft boards
Reggie Nelson signs with the Raiders
RG3: 'I have a massive chip on my shoulder'
Watt said he won't play in NFL 'terribly longer'
The least insane thing Patriots fans have done
Hardy says he's innocent
Borland thinks others will start retiring earlier
The NFL finally embraces character limits
Knighton signs with Patriots
Every important rumor for 2016 NFL free agency
Aldon Smith gets another contract from Raiders
Kaepernick's contract deadline passes: What it means
The Bucs should make Jameis the general manager
Wisniewski gets 1-year deal from Eagles
Kaepernick could be heading to Denver
Ridley signing with Lions
Laquon Treadwell's draft stock is slippingLions interested in Lovie Smith, per report
Jets' Smith not named starter for 2014
Freeman late to team meetings, per report
NFL news: Bevell interview, Cable on Lions' radar
Lions to interview Caldwell, per report
Redskins interview Darrell Bevell
Jovan Belcher's mother sues Chiefs
Lions interested in Tom Cable?
Webb to have sports hernia surgery
Packers' Matthews out Sunday
Bowe cleared to practice
Willie Colon tore biceps vs. Dolphins
Brees, Hardy among players of the week
NFL news: 4 coaches fired, Harvin to return?
Todd Bowles in high demand
NFL news: Four fired on 'Black Monday'
Harvin to practice for Seahawks
Rex Ryan to get short-term deal
Buccaneers interested in Gary Kubiak
Lovie Smith has already picked his OC
Manuel will be Bills starting QB in 2014
Jones-Drew not interested in incentive-laden deal
Ben Tate predicts departure from Texans
Dolphins blow chance at postseason vs. Jets
Ed Reeds want to play 1 more season in NFL
Quinn garners interest from the Browns
Coughlin will return to coach Giants in 2014
Ryan Kerrigan will have knee surgery
Bucs considering bringing back Lovie Smith
Seahawks favored to win Super Bowl
Hartline has torn PCL
Lovie Smith, Jay Gruden candidates for RedskinsBrandon LaFell signs with Bengals
The Cowboys are looking to draft a quarterback
Andrew Luck will be the richest Civil War general
OL Manuel Ramirez signs with Bears
The NFL would rather look stupid than evil
Geoff Schwartz signs with the Lions
Is Jalen Ramsey the best player in the NFL Draft?
NFL keeps fighting NYT concussion report
A pro day that actually mattered for the NFL Draft
Irsay says playing football is like taking aspirin
Cook signs with Packers
Boykin gets 1-year deal from Panthers
Vetoed bill could've cost Atlanta a Super Bowl
Abdullah announces retirement
Saints sign Fairley to 1-year deal
Falcons sign Upshaw
Titans inch a little closer to Tunsil
Richardson says ‘it’s easy to get lazy in the NFL’
Chip Kelly has eyes on the No. 1 pick again
NFL research omitted 100 concussions
RG3 signs with Browns
Michael Sam kept the Rams off 'Hard Knocks' in 2014
Robert Griffin III lands 2-year deal with Browns
The NFL isn't being truthful about head injuries
Robinson signs with Colts after bounce-back year
Rivera: Cam didn't talk because he's a millennial
5 things we learned from the NFL's annual meeting
Rams set for 2016 season of 'Hard Knocks'
NFL bumps touchbacks to 25-yard line for 2016
2 unsportsmanlike penalties to result in ejections
Sean Payton signs 5-year extension with Saints
NFL owners keep preseason OT, for some reasonJimmy Haslam faces criticism over Browns moves
Gase among Browns head coaching candidates
Jim Schwartz fired by Detroit
Buccaneers fire GM Mark Dominik
Bucs fire Greg Schiano
Mike Shanahan: Redskins 'better off today'
J.J. Watt: Texans 'have to find what to fix'
Browns players upset with Rob Chudzinski's firing
Redskins fire Mike Shanahan
Leslie Frazier fired by Vikings
Chargers were in illegal formation on KC missed FG
Rex Ryan, Jets working on contract extension
49ers pull out win in Arizona, head to playoffs
Chargers beat Chiefs, headed to playoffs
Chargers blowing opportunity to make playoffs?
Rob Chudzinski to be fired, per report
Dan Skuta wants your socks!
Jets keeping Rex Ryan
Ravens lose to Bengals, won't be in playoffs
Texans lose to Titans, win number 1 overall pick
Andy Dalton sets team records for yards, TDs
CSU RB Bibbs declares for NFL Draft
Joe Haden inactive, Jordan Cameron will play
Ryan being pressed to make coaching changes
Keenum inactive, Shaub to start
Johnson inactive against Vikings
Lions leaning toward keeping Schwartz, report says
NFL Week 17 Sunday weather forecast
Harvin likely to be placed on IR
Whisenhunt reportedly final Houston interview
Rice, Smith expected to play for Ravens
Shanahan's tenure marred by discord, per reportNFL expands horse collar, passes 6 other rules
NFL introduces new delay-of-game TO penalty
NFL bans all chop blocks
NFL makes longer XP rule permanent
NFL coaches split on expanding reviewable plays
5-year deal for Ian Williams becomes a 1-year deal
The NFL wants to make another really dumb rule
Sherman says bad NFL rules come from non-players
Ravens CB Walker dies after bike crash
Okung's deal contains no guarantees
Manning to get statue, jersey retired
Ravens CB Walker in critical condition
The Eagles offered everything to get Mariota
Chris Johnson re-signs with Cardinals
Broncos reach 5-year deal with LT Okung
NFL is fine with its terrible catch rule
Vikings bolster O-Line by signing Andre Smith
The horrifying truth about NFL free agency
James Laurinaitis signs with the Saints
Bears trade Martellus Bennett to the Patriots
Will Hill released, suspended for 10 games
Cardinals sign Evan Mathis to 1-year deal
Browns release Dwayne Bowe after 5-catch season
It's time for the NFL to get smart about marijuana
Chris Long signs 1-year deal with Patriots
Broncos match Anderson's offer sheet
Cardinals get Jones in trade from Patriots
Mike Wallace signs with Ravens
Browns' 'Moneyball' exec knows the NFL is laughing
Goodell might lose his disciplinary power
Can Eric Weddle make the Ravens great again?
NFL official acknowledges link to CTENFL news: Cobb activated, Peterson out and more
Can Cutler turn it around against Green Bay?
WR Cobb activated from IR, will play against Bears
Adrian Peterson downgraded to out for Week 17
Rex Ryan may actually stay with the Jets in 2014
Lance Moore could be cut by Saints
Raji reportedly declined $8 million offer
Harper could be cap casualty
NFL news: Gould extension, Smith injury and more
2014 AFC Pro Bowl players announced
2014 NFC Pro Bowl selections announced
NFL news: Romo to IR, Gould extended
Utah TE Jake Murphy declares for 2014 NFL Draft
Gould signs 4-year extension
Steve Smith out vs. Falcons
Tony Romo placed on injured reserve
Sen'Derrick Marks, Jaguars agree on new contract
Packers will have Lacy, possibly Cobb on Sunday
NFL news: Rodgers cleared, O'Brien to Houston?
Keenan Allen considered quitting football
Nnamdi Asomugha to retire
Brandon Stokley to retire
Rodgers cleared to return
ACL injuries down, says NFL
Bucs' Bowers on IR
Josh McCown could retire after this season
Aaron Rodgers decision coming Thursday
Adrian Peterson hopes to play Sunday
T.J. Yates won't start for Texans
Redskins' Nick Barnett placed on IR
Cowboys sign Jon Kitna
Joseph placed on IRJackson found guilty of punching pizza guy
Steelers WR facing year-long suspension
Raji taking 'hiatus' after 6 seasons in the NFL
Weddle lands with Ravens
The Jaguars whiffed on their biggest need in FA
Steelers OL coach has playoff fine rescinded
What's holding up the Colin Kaepernick trade?
Hayward signs with Chargers
Ware restructures deal with Broncos
Buccaneers land Ayers on 3-year deal
Jaguars bolster secondary with Amukamara
Ohio State's prospects did not disappoint
Bills decline to match Hogan's deal
NFL announces 2016 compensatory draft picks
Punter Jon Ryan re-signs with Seahawks
Broncos acquire Sanchez in trade with Eagles
Brent Grimes signs with Buccaneers
Browns release Johnny Manziel
The Browns might finally cut Johnny Manziel
Winners and losers from Day 2 of free agency
Jermaine Kearse returning to Seahawks, per report
Packers re-sign Perry for $5 million, per report
C.J. Anderson signs offer sheet with Dolphins
Texans land Jeff Allen, per report
Osweiler signs $72M deal with Texans
Vernon receives massive deal from Giants
Lamar Miller signs with Texans
Gipson left Browns for Jags to 'start winning'
Janoris Jenkins signs with Giants
Vikings sign Alex Boone
Malik Jackson signs huge deal with Jaguars
Saints cut ties with Brandon BrownerAgent: Melton not 'physical instigator'
Schiano denies interest in Penn State job
Peters set for Achilles surgery
Frazier doesn't want hot seat to be distraction
Manuel back at practice Tuesday
Jason Campbell to start at QB for CLE vs. PIT
Romo received injection for herniated disk
Jerry Jones trusts QB Kyle Orton against Eagles
WR Emmanuel Sanders avoids serious knee injury
Vereen back at practice after groin issue
NFC South injuries: Vaccaro out with broken ankle
NFC West injuries: Jake Long tears ACL and MCL
Okung expected to play despite injury
Broncos expect full recovery for Miller
Shanahan expects quick answer from Snyder
Pryor apologizes for agent's comments
Romo could still be cleared to play
AFC West injuries: Broncos lose Miller
Injuries continue to hit Houston
Torn ACL confirmed for Jake Long
NFC North injuries: Rodgers, Matthews ailing
T.J. Yates could start for Texans
NFL news: Romo, Miller, Vaccaro injured
NFC East injury update
Pryor to start vs. Broncos
Romo out for the year
USC safety Dion Bailey joins NFL Draft pool
Kenny Vaccaro out for the season with broken ankle
Matt Cassel will start for Vikings in Week 17
Jim Schwartz reacts to crowd cursing backlash
Bills sign DL Alan Branch to a contract extension
Von Miller has torn ACLDaniel signs 3-year deal with Eagles
Jets rebuilt backfield will still feature Powell
Brady, Patriots agree to 2-year extension
Brock Osweiler pissed off John Elway & Matt Flynn
Raiders sign Sean Smith to a $40 million deal
Winners and losers from NFL free agency so far
Brandon Mebane signs with the Chargers
Rishard Matthews signs with Titans
Victor Cruz will be back with the Giants in 2016
Jaye Howard re-signs with the Kansas City Chiefs
Bears sign LB Danny Trevathan to 4-year deal
John Elway appears to throw shade on Osweiler
Derrick Johnson re-signs with the Chiefs
Bengals re-sign Adam Jones to 3-year deal
Marcedes Lewis re-signs with the Jaguars
Eagles trade Murray to Titans
Chiefs punished for tampering with Jeremy Maclin
Chiefs land Schwartz after Browns rescind offer
Schaub, Cassel somehow have jobs in 2016
Pierre-Paul re-signs with Giants on 1-year deal
Andre Johnson released by Colts
Doug Martin re-signs with Buccaneers
Ngata re-signs with Lions
Alex Mack headed to the Atlanta Falcons
Ben Watson agrees to 2-year deal with Ravens
Eagles keep transforming defense by signing McLeod
Grimes will become Dolphins cap casualty
Rams re-sign William Hayes
Barron to re-sign with Rams, per report
Giants to sign Harrison to $46.25 million deal
Denver still has options with Osweiler gone
Gates, Chargers agree to extensionCarolina's Steve Smith doubtful for Week 17
Robert Woods says lesson learned after ejection
NFL could install variable ticket pricing by 2014
Von Miller could have torn ACL
Jay Cutler will start for Bears in Week 17
Tony Romo will have MRI on back
Cowboys vs. Eagles flexed to Sunday Night Football
Brady wins record 11th division title
Chargers win, stay alive for playoffs
Matt Flynn throws pick-6 against Pittsburgh
Jones, Garrett disagree on Romo injury
Denver beats Texans, clinches AFC West
Titans beat Jags in Jacksonville
Manning breaks Brady's record for passing TDs
Bills WR Robert Woods ejected for throwing punch
Calvin Johnson active vs. Giants
Texans CB Johnathan Joseph leaves game, ruled out
Johnson collects his 5th 100-reception season
Jaguars C Brad Meester catches pass in home finale
Henry Melton arrested for assault, public intox
Rain, wind & storms affect the NFL in week 16
Rex Ryan expects to be fired
Hilton active for Colts against Chiefs
Houston, Albert out against Colts
Is Dennis Allen done at Oakland?
WR Thompkins out for Patriots against Ravens
Garrett could be fired without playoff appearance
O'Brien contacted by at least one NFL team
Vick could stay in Philadelphia
Bears could franchise tag Cutler
Oher's career in Baltimore could be done
Carlson to ponder career after latest concussionTolbert re-signs with Panthers
Bengals keep a key piece by re-signing Iloka
Byron Maxwell trade to Dolphins is official
Matt Hasselbeck announces retirement from NFL
McClain gets another deal from the Cowboys
Vernon's transition tag removed
Grading the NFL free agent moves so far
Chargers sign Travis Benjamin
Mario Williams agrees to 2-year deal with Dolphins
Jaguars releasing Toby Gerhart
Ivory reaches agreement with Jaguars
Bruce Irvin expected to sign with Raiders
Combine shakes up Kiper's NFL mock draft
McKelvin lands with Eagles
Vikings release Mike Wallace
Report: Richie Incognito re-signs with Bills
Hali returns to Chiefs on 3-year deal
Osemele will sign huge $60M deal with Raiders
Calvin Johnson announces retirement
It's a great year to be a free agent quarterback
Colts re-sign TE Dwayne Allen
RG3 released by Washington
Eagles trade Maxwell, Alonso to the Dolphins
Manning retires with tearful speech
Brady says not playing vs. Manning anymore 'sucks'
Peyton Manning retires from NFL after 18 seasons
The Falcons asked a draft prospect if he liked men
Lechler reportedly staying with Texans
Considering Peyton Manning's legacy
Weird stats from Peyton Manning's amazing career
Mason arrested on 4 charges
Networks are likely to court Peyton ManningTavon Austin likely out vs. Bucs
Gruden could be interested in Raiders' job
Peterson will play against Bengals
Jones-Drew will likely play against Titans
Fitzgerald, Palmer expected to play vs. Seattle
Playoff race up for grabs in Week 16
NFL roundup: Hill arrest, Barron out and more
Tampa Bay S Mark Barron OUT against the Rams
Giants S Will Hill arrested
Vikings place TE John Carlson on IR
Browns put WR Davone Bess on the NFI list
Witten to become the new 'ironman' after Fletcher
Stafford knows his performance is hurting Lions
NFL news: Garvin fined, Nicks done for season
NFL fines: Garvin, Foles draw penalties
NFL news: Rodgers out again; Flacco plays lottery
Carl Nicks out for the year
Johnny Jolly out for the year
Welker out until playoffs, Rodgers still sidelined
Aaron Rodgers will sit in Week 16
Wes Welker will miss rest of regular season
Wes Welker ruled out vs. Texans
Revis played through pain in 2013
Champ Bailey 'ready to go'
Kyle Shanahan speaks out
Injury roundup: Rodgers, Fitzgerald uncertain
Bears considering resting players
NFL news: Lovie Smith interviews with Texans
Victor Cruz won't play against Lions
Larry Fitzgerald returns to Cardinals practice
Cecil Shorts has sports hernia surgery
Texans interview Lovie SmithThe NFL has a spell over us
The Colts may have been better off keeping Peyton
Dolphins restructure Ndamukong Suh's contract
Greg Jennings released by Dolphins
Bills release McKelvin
Suggs arrested in Arizona
RG3 with the 49ers? Unbelievably believable.
Bears working to trade Bennett
Tom Coughlin is really mad at the Giants
Foster released after 7 seasons with Texans
Charles Johnson released by Panthers
The Patriots are in rebuilding mode
Kirk Cousins signs franchise tender
Patriots release Brandon LaFell
Falcons cut Roddy White
Mack opts out, will become free agent
Flacco agrees to 3-year extension with Ravens
Beast Mode travel
Packers give Mason Crosby 4-year extension
Rams put franchise tag on Trumaine Johnson
Berry gets tagged by Chiefs
Wilkerson was tagged by Jets
Bills release Mario Williams after down season
Bills place franchise tag on LT Cordy Glenn
Broncos give franchise tag to Von Miller
Peyton Manning reportedly wants to keep playing
Vernon tagged by Dolphins
Panthers tag Josh Norman
Strong arrested for marijuana possession
Marques Colston released by Saints
Alshon Jeffery tagged by Bears
Marquette King gets 5-year deal from RaidersJets players support Rex Ryan as their coach
Cobb returns to Packers practice
Bush blames players for issues
McCoy says give me the ball
Flacco to wear knee brace
Hardy willing to take pay cut
NFL news: Browner's appeal, Fletcher's retirement
Brandon Browner appeal denied
Rodgers, Cobb practice on Wednesday
Keenum ruled out for Week 16
E.J. Manuel ruled out with injury
Fletcher '99 percent certain' he will retire
Michael Thomas a Week 15 player of the week
Raiders have 'soured' on Terrelle Pryor
LaMarr Woodley could be Steelers cap casualty
NFL news: Hartley released, Webster to IR and more
49er fans planning to troll Seattle with billboard
Saints release Garrett Hartley
Lions Brandon Pettigrew undergoes tests on ankle
NFL news: Flacco OK, Jones concerned about Lee
Giants place CB Corey Webster on IR
Woodley to IR, Westerman signed by Steelers
Punter Kevin Huber placed on IR by Bengals
Shorts to hit IR, per report
Colts put Angerer on IR
Jones concerned about potentially losing Lee
Seahawks, Broncos are consensus top 2
Broncos will sign Mincey, release Walton
Allen on shaky ground with Raiders
Flacco says knee is fine
NFC North news: Rodgers, Peterson close to returns
Gronk expected back for start of 2014 seasonNFL salary cap set at $155.27 million in 2016
Giving Cousins the transition tag would be risky
Measuring the NFL Combine's impact
Full linebacker results from combine
Chargers might trade No. 3 overall pick
Goff, Wentz both shine in quarterback drills
Mayes leads defensive linemen in bench press
Full tight end results from NFL combine
Miller, Fuller excel in wide receiver drills
Tight end 40-yard dash results
Full 40 times for quarterbacks
Fuller impresses with top WR 40 time
Offensive line full results
Tight end bench press results
Full running back results from drills, workouts
Bench press results for wide receivers
Nkemdiche addresses Decemeber hotel incident
40-yard times for running backs
OT Davis to apply for reinstatement
Ravens franchise kicker Justin Tucker
Are the 49ers done with Kaepernick or vice versa?
Offensive linemen bench press results at Combine
Running back bench press results at Combine
Manziel domestic violence case going to grand jury
Barber entered draft to help his homeless mother
Free agents are the real stars of the NFL Combine
Jason Pierre-Paul is suing ESPN and Adam Schefter
49ers GM says Kaepernick will remain with team
Free Tony Romo!
Mike Mayock thinks Wentz is the next Luck
Vontaze Burfict promises to change how he plays
NFL salary cap going up because owners hid moneyRavens win "bizarre one"
AFC West: Wes Welker yet to receive clearance
NFC South injuries: Texans ailing
NFC West: Fitzgerald dealing with a concussion
Shanahan: Griffin 'clearly' the starting QB
Incognito will sit out the rest of 2013
Cruz, Durant headline NFC East injury report
NFL news: Tillman done for the year
Seahawks capitalize on 'amateurish' showing
Manuel leads Bills to victory
Tillman will miss rest of season
Cam Newton's toe injury isn't serious, says Rivera
Shorts wants to play again in 2013
Bryant says he left field because he was crying
Garrett will address Bryant's early exit
Titans will evaluate Munchak's job after season
Larry Fitzgerald suffers concussion vs. Titans
Victor Cruz could miss remainder of 2013 season
Peyton Manning wins Sportsman of the Year
Larry Fitzgerald suffers concussion
Packers stun Cowboys in Dallas
Cowboys set franchise record for 1st half yards
Niners beat Bucs, stay alive for NFC West title
Dolphins beat Patriots, stay alive for wild card
Cruz leaves game with concussion, will not return
Vernon Davis scores, runs into wall
Kirk Cousins taking a beating against Falcons
Jay Cutler throws interception on first series
Frazier unlikely to return to Vikings in 2014
Vikings will not trade Peterson
Shanahan wants to return in 2014
Lawrence Taylor says Coughlin should goBroncos want Brock back
Broncos sign Phil Taylor
Eagles re-sign Jenkins to 5-year deal
Jets release veteran CB Antonio Cromartie
The perfect pick for the Titans
Randy Gregory suspended 4 games
Long, Laurinaitis, Cook released by Rams
Some team is going to get stuck with Sam Bradford
Kiper's 2nd mock draft has Wentz to Browns
Jared Allen retires by riding off on horse
Charles Woodson joining ESPN
The Browns pay their dog, not their former players
Montee Ball allegedly pushed girlfriend into table
Kirk Cousins contract standoff coming
Colts, Packers will face off in Hall of Fame Game
Cousins, Washington break off contract talks
Super Bowl 50 rematch could be '16 kickoff game
Goodell made $34.1 million in scandal-ridden 2014
What we know about Manning's harassment scandal
The Titans are getting calls about the No. 1 pick
It's tag time in the NFL
Peyton Manning's past is back to haunt him
Talib fined for personal fouls in Super Bowl 50
Forte says goodbye to Bears fans
Matt Forte and the plight of 30-year-old RBs
Archie Manning sticks up for Cam Newton
Justin Tuck retires after 11 seasons
Vontaze Burfict suspended for Antonio Brown hit
It's NFL Draft season, so let's rank things!
Saints have decisions to make on Brees' contract
Giants LB Jon Beason announces retirement
Another sign that Peyton Manning is retiringNFL ready for more snow
Jones-Drew likely out against Bills
Asiata, Banyard expected to run for Vikings
Tavon Austin out against the Saints
Thompkins, Dobson out for Patriots
NFL news: Robinson to IR, Reed ruled out and more
Charles Johnson 'questionable' vs. Jets
NFL news: Vikings make moves, Reed out
Jordan Reed ruled out vs. Falcons
Peterson out for Week 15
Harrison Smith activated, Robinson placed on IR
NFL news: Rodgers out, Scandrick signs & more
Cowboys extend Orlando Scandrick for 2 years
McFadden could land on injured reserve
Week 14 NFL fines roundup
NFL news, Rodgers, Lee and JPP out
What the NFL can learn from the NHL
Sean Lee expected to sit vs. Packers
Rodgers ruled out for Packers
Jason Pierre-Paul will likely shut down season
Stephen Hill placed on injured reserve
RGIII benched for poor play, report says
Woodson wants to return with Oakland in 2014
Denver police have 3 in custody for stabbing
Kayvon Webster to undergo thumb surgery
Stabbings reported outside Sports Authority Field
RGIII angry about benching, according to report
Kirk Cousins set up for failure, says Moss
Jordan Reed out for the year, per report
Joe Flacco has some harsh words for Matt Elam
NFL injuries: Bush, Stewart still in the air
Pro Bowl Draft set for Jan. 22McCoy reportedly assaulted off-duty cops
Browns deny Manziel was drunk at practice
Adam Vinatieri wants to play 'a couple' more years
Talib facing suspension for personal foul
Newton defends himself for not being 'good loser'
Panthers defend Newton for not diving on fumble
NFL bans players with DV convictions from combine
Von Miller is going to get paid
Police reopen criminal investigation into Manziel
Manning took paycut, made it all back in bonuses
Broncos Super Bowl parade route info, information
Von Miller gets Super Bowl MVP
Gary Kubiak joins exclusive coaching club
Marshawn Lynch will reportedly retire
Philly Brown out with a concussion
Why does Cam Newton give footballs to kids?
I already told you what time the Super Bowl starts
Ron Rivera wins Coach of the Year
J.J. Watt wins 2015 Defensive Player of the Year
Marcus Peters is 1st Chiefs Def. ROY since 1992
Newton named 2015 Offensive Player of the Year
Gurley caps historic debut with Offensive ROY
Goodell proposes ejection for 2 personal fouls
Texans, Raiders set for Mexico City game in 2016
Manziel's dad fears for his life without help
Manziel dropped by his agent
A rough day for corporate accountability in the NFL
Manning hired his own investigators in HGH scandal
NFL will institute Rooney Rule for women
Chip Kelly is a bad communicator, not a racist
Cam Newton is tired of Super Bowl media coverage
Denver sends safety home after incidentNFL news: NFC North quarterbacks return
Aaron Rodgers will be re-evaluated on Friday
RB Jacobs has cartilage graft during knee surgery
Bears officially name Jay Cutler as starter
Calvin Johnson will show Elam 'old man's strength'
Reggie Bush misses practice Thursday
Bronco's Terrance Knighton doesn't like TNF
Injuries no excuse, Cowboys exec says
Dashon Goldson doesn't like 'dirty' label
Johnson's struggles attributed to E.J. Manuel
Geno Smith believes he was 'playing like a robot'
Jonathan Stewart hopeful he'll return
Jones-Drew wants to remain with Jaguars
NFL news: RGIII shut down, salary cap to increase
Rams place center Scott Wells on IR
2014 NFL salary cap projected to increase
Asante Samuels uncertain of future in Atlanta
Watch: Shanahan explains RGIII decision
Jennings back at practice, McFadden still out
Cutler to make return on Sunday
Players of the Week: Veterans shine in Week 14
RGIII reportedly done for year
Mike Shanahan preparing to sit RGIII
NFL news: Lee, Peterson shouldn't need surgery
NFL news: Peterson likely out, won't need surgery
Colts to work out Grey Cup MVP RB Kory Sheets
Jerry Jones gives Monte Kiffin vote of confidence
Stokley to IR, Scott re-signed
Snyder won't stop Shanahan from benching RG3
Sean Lee has no structural damage in neck
Cards will be 'aggressive' with player extensions
'No issue' between Ben and Haley, per BenKaepernick reportedly wants a trade to the Jets
Rams have discussed adding Manning for some reason
NFL legend Ken Stabler had CTE
Eagles reportedly sign Curry to 5-year extension
Lady Gaga to sing national anthem at Super Bowl
Browns hint they'll release Johnny Manziel soon
The NFL doesn't want you to see Super Bowl I
Josh Norman takes issue with Deion Sanders
Manning reportedly told friends he plans to retire
CBS, NBC will share expanded TNF package
NFL head of officiating thinks catch rule is fine
The Seahawks made the Pro Bowl fun
We're living in the golden age of Super Bowls
Megatron reportedly told coaches he will retire
Police called to home of Manziel
Chargers to play in SD in 2016, have option for LA
DFS sites lose payment processor. Now what?
The Las Vegas Raiders?
The Seahawks' LT got a false start on free agency
The Pro Bowl rosters have officially been revealed
Ref who can't flip coin is working Super Bowl
Eli says Super Bowl won't decide Peyton's legacy
NFL conducting Manning HGH investigation
Aikman says Manziel or RG3 will be in Dallas
Get your Peyton HGH jokes ready for the Super Bowl
Peyton says Super Bowl 50 could be 'last rodeo'
Broncos think Cam is the NFL's 'most dangerous QB'
Von Miller's pelvis is the Broncos' real MVP
Seahawks' Coleman could face felony charges
Pat Shurmur joins Vikings coaching staff
Say farewell to Manning's 'Omaha'
The best Super Bowl matchup we could've hoped forPanthers going to Super Bowl after huge win
Broncos advance to Super Bowl with big win
Why is San Diego a possibility for the Raiders?
Brady & Manning trying to play past scandals
Chris Harris will play against Patriots
This is how Carolina built its top scoring offense
Panthers DE Jared Allen will not play Sunday
Danny Amendola fined for vicious block
Cam Newton's dangerous secret weapon
Randle El backtracks about regretting football
Browns say they're giving Johnny Manziel a chance
The NFL still can’t take care of its balls
Peyton Manning is a lot like Brandon Weeden now
Bills hire first NFL female full-time assistant
Browns bring back DC Ray Horton
Chip Kelly says he's not 'crazy'
Newton, Watt take home PFWA Player of Year awards
Josh Gordon wants to play in the NFL again
Randle El regrets playing football
Broncos call out Tom Brady for being a 'whiner'
Jim Schwartz is Eagles' new DC
Gurley, Peters headline PFWA All-Rookie Team
Ray Rice will coach at the NFLPA Collegiate Bowl
Mike McCarthy wants Eddie Lacy to slim down
4 Panthers headline PFWA All-NFL roster
Rivera's taking no chances with hoverboards
Eagles hire Doug Pederson as head coach
Yup, we're getting Brady vs. Manning again
Broncos beat Steelers, advance to AFC Championship
Jared Allen may be out for the season
Titans DC disputes report he will join Browns
Panthers to host Cardinals in NFC ChampionshipEagles-Bears flexed to prime time for Week 16
Dimitri Patterson put on IR
Munchak not concerned with job security
Peterson won't need surgery on foot
Ben Tate 'can't answer' about his Texans future
Peterson likely out Week 15
Cowboys defense is 'on its last legs'
Jennings passes concussion test
NFC West: Tyrann Mathieu out for the season
AFC East injury update
Rob Gronkowski placed on IR
NFL news: Shanahan to be fired? May bench RG3
Jonathan Stewart suffers torn MCL
Shanahan could sit RGIII for remainder of 2013
Welker unlikely to play on Thursday
Peterson expects to play on Sunday
Bengals CB Terence Newman out 1-3 weeks
Rudolph placed on IR
Redskins exploring options for split with Shanahan
Rift exposed between Roethlisberger and Haley
Ward defends hit on Gronkowski
Colts sign RB Choice, place Rainey on IR
Kirk Cousins could replace RGIII
Adrian Peterson says injury not season ending
Tyrann Mathieu could have ACL tear
NFL Playoff Picture
Cards beat Rams, stay alive in wild card race
Tyrann Mathieu out vs. Rams
Prater sets record with 64-yard field goal
Carson Palmer on point vs. St. Louis
Gronk has torn ACL, per report
Chiefs blowout Redskins in DCRodgers miffed about OT coin toss
Olsen returns to game after shoulder injury
Wilson's day gets tougher with Okung injury
Marshawn Lynch active vs. Panthers
Gronk sets tight end record for playoff TDs
Clay Matthews wants NFL to adopt college OT rules
Roethlisberger expected to start without limitations
Packers-Cardinals was an all-time classic
Randall Cobb ruled out of game with chest injury
Patriots beat Chiefs, advance to AFC Championship
Titans sticking with Mularkey
Maclin will play vs. Patriots
Bet on the underdogs in Saturday's NFL games
Reggie Wayne retires, per re port
Porter fined for being on field vs. Bengals
Bucs hire Mike Smith as defensive coordinator
DeAngelo Williams ruled out for the Steelers
Steelers WR Antonio Brown won't play vs. Broncos
Jim Caldwell retained by the Lions
Bucs promote Koetter to head coach
The Eagles return to the Andy Reid era, sort of
Giants name Ben McAdoo head coach
49ers hire Chip Kelly
Coughlin no longer in running for Eagles job
Titans hire new GM, search for head coach ramps up
At least the Browns are using better buzz words
Manziel's time with Browns nearing an end
Hue Jackson named Browns head coach
Former Dolphins interim head coach joins Saints
Ken Whisenhunt returns to Chargers as OC
What's next for the Chargers and Raiders?
Raiders and Chargers still in relocation limboGeno Smith plays well as Jets beat Raiders
Robert Griffin III pulled against Chiefs
Redskins trail by 28 at half
Terrelle Pryor back in at QB for Raiders
CB Ron Brooks injured for Bills
Geno Smith finally throws a touchdown
Thomas DeCoud heads to locker room for Falcons
Rashad Jennings out vs. Jets
Texans interested in Love Smith and Ken Whisenhunt
Titans poised to drop Johnson and Locker
How could a winter storm impact the NFL in week 14
Vincent Jackson expected to play
Lattimore headed to 49ers IR
NFL news: Young to IR, Ingram could make debut
LB Sean Lee probable in Week 14 vs. Bears
Raiders put safety Usama Young on injured reserve
Melvin Ingram likely to make season debut vs. NYG
QB Carson Palmer likely to play against Rams
NFL roundup: Tomlin stunt likely won't cost picks
Claiborne ruled out for Week 14
Kiwanuka could be cap casualty
Cook hot happy with his production
Dennis Pitta expected to play Sunday
Tomlin stunt unlikely to cost Steelers draft picks
Kaluka Maiava placed on injured reserve
MJD expects to return Week 15
NFL news: Browner suspension, Williams fine
Browner reportedly turns down reduced penalty
NFL fines: Tramon Williams fined for ref shove
NFL injuries: Peterson, Bush expected to play
NFL news: Kubiak fired, Fox returns
John Fox says he'll coach from sideline in BroncosGoodell: Rams move 'painful process' but big step
Rams moving to Los Angeles, Chargers could join
Roethlisberger day to day with 'sore' shoulder
'Heartbroken' Bengals still lashing out on Porter
Dan Campbell leaving the Dolphins
Mincey: Hardy 'misunderstood' but caused tension
Antonio Brown unlikely to play vs. Broncos
The NFL may have the answer to its L.A. question
Stewart should play vs. Seahawks
Edelman will finally make return for Patriots
FanDuel, DraftKings operational in NY, for now
TNF rights could be split among 3 TV networks
Rodgers said Packers would be ready & he was right
Pacman Jones accuses Brown of faking concussion
Seahawks, Packers move on in Wild Card round
Steelers coach caused game-winning foul
Rob Ryan joins Bills coaching staff
Philbin reportedly wanted Carr over Tannehill
Green Bay wins, 35-18, over Washington.
Davante Adams suffers knee injury vs. Washington
Vikings out of playoffs, Seahawks will play CAR
Bills give GM Doug Whaley contract extension
Maclin avoids ACL tear
Watt will have groin surgery on Tuesday
Give Russell Wilson the credit he deserves
Burfict facing suspension for hit on Brown
Hoyer throws 4 picks as Chiefs win big
J.J. Watt leaves game with groin injury
Clowney out for Texans-Chiefs
Dolphins hire Adam Gase
Bengals, Chiefs ready to snap playoff drought
Eagles will meet with CoughlinJason Campbell named Browns' starter
Aaron Rodgers ruled out vs. Falcons
Case Keenum to finish season as Texans starter
Wade Phillips named Texans' interim head coach
Texans fire Gary Kubiak
Jones-Drew to undergo MRI
Harvin yet to practice this week
NFL roundup: Cutler out for MNF, more Tomlin
NFL news: Is Aaron Rodgers close to returning?
Jay Cutler out for MNF
Elbow bothering Carson Palmer
Cold weather not an issue, Peyton Manning says
Aaron Rodgers practices in pads
Patriots re-sign WR Austin Collie
Jason Campbell returns to Browns practice
Packers C Dietrich-Smith sprains ankle
Orakpo wants to remain in Washington
NFL news: Moeaki signing, Manning leads voting
Bills sign TE Tony Moeaki to a two-year deal
Peyton Manning leads Pro Bowl voting
Vikings name Matt Cassel as starter vs Ravens
Bills release RB Tashard Choice
Wilson named among players of the week
Jeremy Mincey will be active on Thursday
NFL fines Tomlin, could take Steelers' draft picks
Redskins threaten to sue over radio parodies
Bears GM non-committal on Jay Cutler franchise tag
NFL news: Harvin procedure, Lewis suspension
Ridley's days as lead back may be over
Titans to sign TE Visanthe Shiancoe
Travis Lewis suspended for 4 games for PED fail
NFL News: Harvin suffers setback, Lee to returnLynch ruled out for Seahawks vs. Vikings
Lions will hire Bob Quinn as GM, per report
Mack makes 1st-team All-Pro at 2 positions
Chargers extend Mike McCoy despite 4-12 finish
McCarron will be Bengals' starter vs. Steelers
DeAngelo Williams will not play vs. Bengals
DeSean Jackson says 'bad karma' got Chip Kelly
Favre leads 2016 Hall of Fame finalists
Bucs fire Lovie Smith after 2 seasons in TB
Manning is the Broncos' starter for the playoffs
4 NFL teams screwed up their coaching situations
Here's why the Bucs fired Lovie Smith
Calvin Johnson could be hinting at retirement
Sean Payton will remain Saints head coach
Aguayo is rare kicker to leave early for NFL Draft
The NFL's relocation race takes an ugly turn
Gus Bradley may take over Jacksonville defense
Colts extend Chuck Pagano for 4 years
Shanahan would like to be your NFL team's coach
Nantz mum on HGH claims, shares rep with Peyton
Rex Ryan out if Bills don't make playoffs in 2016
Browns hire 'Moneyball' exec to run their team
Coughlin steps down as Giants coach
Chip Kelly is trying too hard
Rams, Raiders and Chargers file for relocation
Chargers fire Reich as OC
A broken foot didn't stop Dareus on Sunday
Tillman's career could be over after ACL tear
Webster not renewed as Titans GM
Dolphins promote Chris Grier to GM role
Gilbert reportedly says he won't return to game
The Browns finally broke Joe ThomasJets sign Reynaud
SEA WR Percy Harvin undergoes "little" procedure
Vikings break ground on new stadium
Cribbs could be out for year with shoulder injury
Brett Keisel ruled out for Week 14
Boling to IR, Roland signed by Bengals
Tomlin surprised his actions seen as intentional
Lee will return for Monday Night Football
Concussion could keep Bell out vs. Dolphins
Freeney cheated out of $3 million
Hanie signs with Browns
Seahawks first to clinch playoff berth
Scott Wells likely out for the season
NFL news: Smith the starter, NFL admits mistake
Steelers offensive line reeling following injuries
NFL suspends A.J. Jefferson 4 games
Sketchy Seattle weather could impact Brees, Saints
Darrelle Revis not seriously injured
Trestman: Culter 'week-to-week'
Week 15 NFL schedule released
Rivera deserves credit for Carolina's winning ways
Geno remains Jets starter
Foles is Eagles starter 'for the next 1,000 years'
Bengals G Clint Boling has torn ACL
NFL admits mistakes in Redskins-Giants game
Tomlin takes a step toward field in new video
Unimpressive win for Colts leaves doubt
Campbell cleared for activity
Mike Wallace says Dolphins want Incognito back
Joe Staley to undergo MRI
NFL will offer list of promising coaches, GMs
Super Bowl set to cost $70 millionWilliams suffers sprained ankle vs. Browns
The craziest day of the NFL season
Jim Tomsula fired
Browns fired GM Ray Farmer, per report
Johnny Manziel reportedly 'done' in Cleveland
NFC North up for grabs
Broncos, Panthers clinch top seeds
Mike Pettine latest Browns coach to get fired
Maclin leaves Raiders game with apparent injury
Wilkerson suffers broken leg in final game
Steelers clinch wild card berth as Jets lose
Rex Ryan ruined the Jets' season
Todd Gurley inactive for Week 17
Justin Houston to miss Week 17 with knee injury
Watt joins elite company
Martavis Bryant active for must-win Week 17 game
Forte will play possibly last game for Bears
Bilal
Josh Freeman starting for Colts in season finale
Browns to target Adam Gase to replace Mike Pettine
Amendola, Powell headline Week 17 injury report
Pederson is a favorite to land Eagles coaching job
Johnny Manziel's season is over due to concussion
Bill Belichick rips Eagles for firing Chip Kelly
Chip Kelly may be cold, but he's a hot commodity
Broncos announce Peyton Manning will backup Sunday
Eagles' new coach needs 'emotional intelligence'
Morris likely starter for Colts in Week 17
Steve Smith announces 2016 return
Bryant to have foot and ankle surgery
Hoyer returns for Texans in regular season finale
Miami had extra staff to avoid Patriots cheatingMichael Crabtree returns, 49ers easily beat Rams
Rams T Jake Long questionable to return
49ers S Eric Reid leaves game against Rams
Geno benched, what next at QB for Jets?
Andre Johnson gets 900th career catch
Patriots beat Texans, stay alive for top seed
Michael Crabtree active, starting
Kenbrell Thompkins hurt vs Texans
NFL news: Harvin setback, Browner out and more
Browner "OUT" against Saints with groin injury
Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin placed on NFI list
NFL roundup: Harvin suffers setback, Wolfe out
Steelers place Fernando Velasco on injured reserve
Harvin suffers hip setback, may miss MNF vs. NO
Wolfe ruled out with illness
NFL news: Incognito suspension, fines and more
Fines roundup: Suh, Antonio Smith receive fines
Dolphins will extend Incognito suspension with pay
NFL news: Steelers' Tomlin under investigation
Lance Dunbar needs knee surgery
Dolphins unlikely to re-sign Incognito, per report
Carolina DE Charles Johnson out vs. Bucs
Darrelle Revis participates in Bucs walkthrough
NFL investigating Tomlin incident
Sitton wont back down from 'scumbag' comment
Le'Veon Bell suffers head injury
Rashad Jennings leaves game with head injury
RB DeMarco Murray scores 3 rushing TDs vs. OAK
Lions feast on anemic Packers offense
Packers' Tramon Williams shoves ref
Lions overcome mistakes to take halftime lead
John Fox will return on MondayCan the Eagles have Taco Tuesday back now?
Bradley gets another year in Jacksonville
Peyton Manning, other stars named in HGH report
The Falcons got a jump start on 2016
Manziel caught on video partying during Christmas
Brees says he & Payton want to stay in New Orleans
Injuries may leave the Bengals scrambling for a QB
Johnny Manziel was having fun again
Chargers fine Weddle $10K
Is this the year Coughlin is fired?
Brady feels for Manning after cheating accusations
Rodgers says Packers will be ready in playoffs
Manning could face long battle against HGH claims
Cardinals earn 1st-round bye, Vikings clinch spot
Manning says he'll 'probably' sue over HGH report
Chiefs clinch spot, Jets take wild card lead
Marshall, Decker set teammate TD record
Falcons snap Panthers undefeated streak
Baldwin active vs. Rams
Manning's wife tied to anti-aging clinic
Jason Peters reportedly quit on the Eagles
Broncos will stick with Osweiler
Manning calls HGH allegations 'slapstick lies'
Fitzpatrick can change his career forever Sunday
Payton's rumored exit may signal Saints shakeup
The Saints paid Drew Brees too much in 2012
Drew Brees will play with torn plantar fascia
Ryan Mallett expected to start for Ravens
Lynch's MMA trainer guarantees return is coming
The NFL playoff picture is coming into focus
Texans will rely on Weeden as Week 16 starter
Oakland says goodbye to an NFL legendAaron Rodgers looks to possible Week 14 return
QB Watch: Flosing on Thanksgiving?
NFL news: Cox released, Flynn to start and more
CB Perrish Cox cut by Seahawks
Lions CB Chris Houston doubtful against Packers
Matt Flynn to start for Packers on Thanksgiving
Woodley doubtful against the Ravens on Thursday
Brandon Weeden will start for Browns Sunday
Darren McFadden may return vs. Cowboys
NFL news: Cox signing, Lions crash
3 people hurt in car crash involving Lions players
Seahawks sign CB Perrish Cox
NFL news: Rodgers throws, Crabtree close to return
Rodgers throwing in practice
Sanchez won't be ready for 4-6 months
Morris says Redskins didn't have great practices
NFL playoff picture: 49ers bump Cardinals out
RG3 is 'tired of losing' but controversy continues
Crabtree activated, expected to play on Sunday
Cutler wants to return for Monday Night Football
Michael Griffin will appeal suspension
NFL news: Rodgers, Cutler out
Geno Smith will start again
Crabtree inactive for Monday Night Football
Seahawks, Winfield discussing a return
Michael Griffin suspended for helmet hit
Knowshon Moreno questionable with bone bruise
McCarthy confirms that Rodgers will miss Week 13
Forte has hyper-extended knee
Bears QB Jay Cutler out for Week 13
Joe Flacco isn't a fan of trick plays
Seahawks contact CB Antoine WinfieldRaiders beat Chargers in overtime, 23-20
Good news for bad NFL coaches!
Coughlin says Beckham Jr. not only one to blame
Beckham's 1-game suspension upheld
Referee had to be reminded he could eject Beckham
Norman fined $26K for battle with Beckham
Eric Berry's awesome comeback continues
Ron Rivera bans bats thanks to 'No Fun League'
RB-needy Patriots sign veteran Steven Jackson
NFL withdraws funding for CTE study, per report
The Dolphins coach does not like to eat crap
Brees is 4th player to get 60,000 passing yards
Woodson announces he will retire after season
Johnson active vs. Saints
Riverboat Ron rolling the dice by playing starters
Beckham suspended 1 game
Beckham reportedly felt threatened by Panthers
Mariota out for season, Mettenberger in
Tyrann Mathieu out for the season with torn ACL
Yates reportedly tears his ACL
McCoy suffers MCL injury vs. Washington
Moore to start vs. Bills in Week 16
The Giants should have reined in Odell Beckham Jr.
Bengals, Seahawks clinch and other playoff news
NFL reportedly thinks OBJ should have been ejected
Steelers stun Broncos with late TD, win 34-27
Melvin Gordon suffers knee injury vs. Dolphins
Josh Norman calls Odell Beckham hit 'malicious'
Panthers stave off Giants comeback, but BARELY
Beckham vs. Norman was as entertaining as expected
Texans top Colts in saddest divisional showdown
Amendola leaves Titans game with knee injuryTamba Hali sustains 'slight' sprain
Brandon Weeden likely to start for Browns
Thomas likely out rest of season with ankle tear
NFC North injury roundup: Franklin has concussion
Woods, Johnson return to Bills practice on Monday
Broncos and Seahawks remain Super Bowl favorites
Welker admits punt return failure
Knowshon Moreno to undergo MRI
Woman injured in third-floor jump during OAK-TEN
NFL Playoff Picture: Cowboys, Titans take leads
Morris Claiborne goes down with hamstring injury
Bryant leaves game with injury against Giants.
Jags beat Texans, tied up in AFC South standings
Ryan Mathews questionable to return
Justin Houston has apparent elbow injury
Tamba Hali out versus Chargers
Brett Keisel, LaMarr Woodley inactive for Steelers
Latest news from NFL investigation of Dolphins
Week 12 NFL weather. Hold on to your hats
What to watch in Sunday's Week 12 games
NFL news: Finnegan to IR, Pouncey out and more
NFL Playoff Picture: A lot of moving parts
Jets WR Jeremy Kerley out against Ravens
Rams place Cortland Finnegan on IR
Packers put Hayward on IR, activate Worthy
NFL roundup: Mike Pouncey out for Week 12
Mincey to miss Texans game due to policy violation
Mike Pouncey out for Week 12
Jordan Reed ruled out for MNF
Hester taking practice reps at DB
NFL news: Referee suspended, Brock extended
Brock agrees to 4-year contractJeffery injures hamstring vs. Vikings
Peterson returns vs. Bears
Chancellor inactive vs. Browns
Mariota leaves game vs. Patriots with knee injury
Lynch hopeful for regular season return
Cowboys, Eagles among possible 2016 teams for RG3
NFL injury report, Week 15
Pats send players to Brady's sketchy body coach
Manning never said he won't be a backup, per Elway
Yeldon ruled out vs. Falcons
Pagano would be hot candidate if fired
Mario Williams could be done with Bills
OBJ vs. Josh Norman is the matchup of the season
Edelman to make surprise return vs. Titans
C.J. Anderson expected to get 'full workload'
Jeffery expected to start vs. Vikings
Brady expected to play through illness
Houston to miss remainder of regular season
Bengals' Burfict fined $69,454 vs. Steelers
Blake Bortles versus advanced statistics
The Falcons are too stubborn to succeed
'Bill Belichick is a teddy bear'
Rams dominate Buccaneers, 31-23
The Browns don't know s*** about quarterbacks
NFL to penalize teams that break medical protocol
Delanie Walker says Titans loafed in loss to Jets
Luck back at practice, but Hasselbeck will start
Texans starting Yates in AFC South game vs. Colts
NFL specialists in the spotlight
Brock Osweiler named starter vs. Steelers
Roethlisberger not buying Bengals' excuse for hit
Mallett signs with RavensNFL fines: Brooks will appeal $15,750 penalty
NFLRA will challenge Ellison's suspension
NFL news: Possible tailgate ban; umpire suspended
NFL suspends official for swearing at player
Csonka calls Miami bullying scandal unbelievable
Welker probably for Denver, Thomas questionable
Jared Allen hints he's moving on from Minnesota
Kyle Williams announces torn ACL
Nate Burleson back in action for Lions
NFL roundup: Incognito hearing postponed
Trent Williams denies using racial slur
Roddy White expected to sign extension
Revis plans to be physical against Calvin Johnson
Jake Locker facing 5-6 month recovery
Randall Cobb has 'no timeline' for his return
Injury roundup: Broncos getting healthy
Leonard Hankerson undergoes surgery
NFL news: Adrian Peterson to play through pain
Incognito hearing postponed
Tarell Brown expected to return, but not by Monday
Manning, Welker, Thomas at Broncos practice
Adrian Peterson says he's ready to play Sunday
Ben Roethlisberger wants to stay in Pittsburgh
Jaguars vs. Texans: Odds
Hall of Fame names 25 semifinalists fot 2014
NFL news: McGloin, Werner, Ponder to start Week 12
NFL roundup: Ponder to start, Hayden to IR
Matt McGloin to start vs. Titans
Bjoern Werner to start in place of Erik Walden
D.J. Hayden done for the season
Ponder named Vikings' starter
Bobby Rainey named an NFL Player of the WeekJerry Jones: Cowboys will go 'balls out with Dez'
Steph Curry says Cam Newton should be MVP
Dolphins loss clinches AFC East for Patriots
Dalton doesn't need surgery
Packers improve as McCarthy resumes play-calling
The saddest NFL division showdown ever
Patriots clinch playoff spot, 5 teams eliminated
Tom Brady reaches 4,000 yards for 8th time
Gronk, Amendola play and other injury news
Despite broken hand, Watt is active vs. Patriots
Amendola active vs. Texans
Bill O'Brien is building 'Patriots South' in HOU
Dalton fractures hand, will miss Week 15
Panthers dominate Falcons, stay undefeated
Rawls out for season with broken ankle.
Colts' divisional streak snapped
Tomlin reaches career milestone
DeMarcus Ware returns for Broncos in Week 14
Hasselbeck leaves Jaguars game with injury
Olsen leaves Falcons game with knee injury
Jackson suffers knee injury vs. Saints
Eifert leaves game with concussion
Chancellor suffers tailbone injury
McCarthy reclaims play-calling duties for Packers
Scott Chandler expected to play Sunday night
Ravens start Clausen in Week 14
Philip Rivers will try to play through a flu
LeSean McCoy hung up the phone on Chip Kelly
Eifert says he will play in Week 14
Revis will return in Week 14
Titans, Browns could fire GMs
DeMarco Murray could be Eagles' 4th-string RBColts sign RB Chris Rainey
NFL news: Walden suspension, Incognito drama
NFL news: Rahim Moore to short-term IR
NFL upholds suspension for Colts LB Erik Walden
NFL upholds one-game suspension for Goldson
Saints put Greer on IR
Broncos S Rahim Moore put on IR
Wes Welker played with a concussion against Chiefs
Broncos plan to sign S Michael Huff
Mike Pouncey hoping to avoid gallbladder surgery
NFL roster move roundup
Richardson isn't frustrated with Colts production
Iupati has sprained MCL
Dolphins request delay of Incognito hearing
Moore has emergency surgery
Gronk blames Patriots, not officials
Mike Iupati sprains MCL
Conflicting information on Jay Cutler return
Brandon Browner out 4-6 weeks
Dashon Goldson suspended
NFL news roundup: Jay Cutler out vs. Rams
Cutler won't play in Week 12, Rodgers unsure
Hankerson has LCL injury
AFC South wide receivers suffer dings
Cutler ruled out for Week 12 vs. Rams
Emmanuel Sanders will be 'okay'
Broncos-Chiefs pulls 25 million viewers
Walden suspended 1 game for head-butt
Shorts is 'very disappointed' with lack of targets
QB John Skelton signs with Titans
Former Hall of Fame tackle Mike McCormack dies
Moore will miss 'several games'The NFL playoff picture is starting to take shape
Gronk will play in Week 14
Cardinals go clutch to clinch
Cardinals clinch playoff spot
Cardinals hold on, beat Vikings 23-20
J.J. Watt will play Patriots despite broken hand
Jimmy Clausen could make very sad NFL history
McCoy says Falcons' defense was half-assing it
Saints' Ingram out for rest of season
Al Davis wouldn't recognize the Raiders
Crabtree agrees to extension with Oakland
Brown fined for humping goalpost
Manziel 'not giving up' on future with Browns
Murray complained to Eagles owner about Kelly
Dez Bryant has some advice for Roger Goodell
Bears place TE Martellus Bennett on IR
Manziel named Browns starter again
Bon Jovi denies he's eyeing purchase of Titans
The NFC East playoff picture is really ugly
Colts expect Hasselbeck to start vs. Jaguars
Seahawks cut Cary Williams
Rams fire Cignetti as offensive coordinator
Bucs LB Kwon Alexander suspended for PED violation
The Eagles beat the Patriots without much Murray
Panthers kept getting away with 12-man huddles
Jones frustrated with lack of red zone targets
Sunday night belonged to Antonio Brown
Panthers clinch, Patriots, Bengals do not
NFL injury report, Week 13
Smith makes it 9 games without pick
It's not 420 for Tom Brady anymore
Seahawks back in Super Bowl formHatcher, Austin back at Cowboys practice Monday
Adrian Peterson 'bothered a lot' by groin injury
NFL investigates ref's alleged comments
Andre Johnson: 'I have to play my contract out'
Jake Locker scheduled for foot surgery Wednesday
Ravens GM taken from Soldier Field in ambulance
WR Harvin had appendectomy, tumor removed
Eagles vs. Redskins: Fan Reactions
Chiefs DE Mike DeVito OUT against Denver
NFL Playoff Picture after Week 11 early games
Storms still a threat for Chicago
Soldier field evacuated
Weather growing worse in Chicago
Johnson and Woods out for Bills
Haloti Ngata inactive for Ravens vs. Bears
Ed Reed to start vs. Bills
Ziggy Ansah inactive vs. Steelers
Report: Dolphins had other incidents of harassment
Harvin expected to play 10-15 snaps for Seattle
Severe storms threaten some week 11 NFL games
Harry Douglas will play vs. Buccaneers
NFL news: Okung activated, McGloin to start
Jets DT Sheldon Richardson talks up his game
Russell Okung activated by Seahawks
NFL news: Matt McGloin to start for Raiders
McGloin gets the start for Raiders
Posluszny downgraded to 'out' for Sunday
Ansah not expected to play Sunday
NFL news: Snelling arrested, Walden to get fined
Snelling arrested for marijuana possession
NFL fines: Walden facing 'hefty fine' for headbutt
NFL news: Steelers unhappy with RoethlisbergerHarrison Smith active vs. Seahawks
Foles will start vs. Cards, Keenum will back up
It's too early to tell if Chip Kelly's job is safe
Manziel may start for the Browns again soon
Eifert will sit vs. Browns
3 NFL teams can clinch playoff spots this week
Luck expected to return vs. Texans
Kaepernick may stay with the 49ers in 2016
Young QBs are about to cash in
Amendola expected to play vs. Eagles
The NFL says the Lions didn't get screwed
What's wrong with the Lions?
Packers beat Lions after Hail Mary
Dallas leads list of potential Manziel suitors
Calvin Johnson expected to play vs. Packers
NFL to decide Los Angeles relocation in January
The NFL wants to fix its terrible catch rule
49ers DE Dial fined for call refs screwed up
NFLPA says Rams should be punished
Austin Davis named Browns starting QB over Manziel
Pryor signs with Browns again as WR, emergency QB
Bad referees are ruining the NFL
Cardinals place Chris Johnson on injured reserve
Roethlisberger self-reported concussions symptoms
NFL says Ravens lined up onside during 'kick-six'
Gronk thinks NFL is targeting him with OPI calls
NFL disciplines refs from Cardinals-49ers game
Nothing can save the Browns from sadness
Johnson reportedly has fractured tibia
Barr is balling with a broken hand
Kelly is 'totally committed' to Eagles
Houston suffers minor knee injury vs. BillsEd Reed 'definitely' will play Sunday
Steelers unhappy with Roethlisberger's preparation
NFL roundup: Incognito wants pay, Cutler in cast
Delanie Walker sounds off on head butt
Jay Cutler placed in cast
NFL news roundup: Ed Reed signs with Jets
Incognito files grievance against Dolphins
QB Ponder's dislocated shoulder improving
Stevie Johnson not ruled out against Jets
Green-Ellis has been playing with broken thumb
Cardinals enter Jacksonville as road favorites
Jets add Ed Reed
Dolphins lose OT Will Yeatman to ACL tear
Father of Lions CB accused in drug case
NFL news: Bowe to play, Rodgers' return and more
Sam Hurd sentenced to 15 years on prison
Kaepernick fired back to criticism
Da'Quan Bowers has concussion-like symptoms
Todd Christensen passes away at 57
Austin named a Week 10 Player of the Week
Dwayne Bowe to start vs. Broncos
Rodgers hopes to return for Week 12 vs. Vikings
NFL news: Kubiak's return, Baker to IR and more
Sam Baker placed on IR
Kubiak will coach in Week 11
LaRoy Reynolds suspended 4 games
Roundup: Reed cut, Martin delayed
Texans place Foster on IR
James out for season
Dolphins postpone meeting with Martin
Titans put Locker on IR
NFL roster move roundupOsweiler credits Manning for halftime adjustments
Beckham can't appreciate his jaw-dropping grabs
Brady is 'pretty pissed off' about loss to Broncos
Arians calls out 'FUBAR' officiating
Dolphins fire OC Bill Lazor
Undefeated no more
Wild card races heat up as playoffs loom
Suh tells Dolphins teammates 'I run this defense'
Graham out for year
Beckham tries to bail out Eli in Giants' loss
Celek carted to locker room with ankle injury
Hurns stretchered off with head injury
West, Landry top Week 12 injury report
Floyd returns for Cardinals in Week 12
Giants OL Schwartz suffers fractured leg
Rodgers-Cromartie returns from ankle injury
Bills RB sustains shoulder injury vs. Chiefs
Peyton Manning may not return to DEN this season
Lynch may never play for the Seahawks again
Jets cut Coples after incident on team flight
Jarvis Landry will play vs. Jets
Travis Kelce will play for the Chiefs Sunday
Broncos will have Sanders back in Week 12
Miami coaches, front office disagree on Tannehill
McDaniels, Gase among top 2016 coaching candidates
Patriots' D could carry them to perfect season
Rams off the hook for Keenum concussion
Amendola out vs. Broncos
Charcandrick West won't play in Week 12
Romo reportedly done for season after injury
Cowboys holding onto hope
Bears hold on, beat Packers 17-13Alshon Jeffery plays Thursday
Forte active vs. Packers
Romo injured in 33-14 Panthers win
Manziel reportedly demoted for lying to coaches
Chip Kelly out of answers after Thanksgiving loss
Sanchez gets the start for the Eagles
Rams' Bailey reportedly shot in the head
Frank Gifford suffered from CTE before his death
Broncos sign Ponder while Manning sits
The NFL admits Sammy Watkins was out of bounds
Favre, Warner headline Hall of Fame semifinalists
Joseph Randle reportedly arrested on Tuesday
NFL announces 2016 games in London
Is Chip Kelly 'losing' the Eagles?
Lynch expected to miss several weeks after surgery
Peyton Manning to miss at least 2 more weeks
Dolphins claim former 1st-round pick Coples
Clausen claimed by Ravens after Flacco goes on IR
Manziel might get benched for partying
Refs say Watkins 'gave himself up' on final play
The NFL's terrible referees strike again
Patriots hold on to beat Bills, 20-13
Amendola leaves Bills game with knee injury
Brian Hoyer returns for Texans against Saints
Osweiler will start over Manning against Patriots
Who let Case Keenum play with a concussion?
Manning wants to play in 2016, per report
Lewis says late penalty was 'phantom call'
The dab is dead. NFL kickers killed it.
Jerry Jones is still defending Greg Hardy, somehow
Washington DE blames penalties on team name
Revis suffers concussion vs. TexansTexans release Ed Reed
Martin sets meetings with Dolphins, investigator
Vereen eligible to return
Titans, Packers chasing playoff spots
Matt Flynn to sign with Packers
Incognito discusses relationship with Martin
Dolphins owner addresses media on bullying
NFC North injury update: Jay Cutler out
Jake Locker lost for season
NFL news: Manning OK, Kubiak returns
AFC West injury update: Manning is okay
Locker likely done for year
Offensive struggles still concerning for Ravens
Weatherspoon will return to practice
Depth on display for Seahawks in victory
Michael Floyd day-to-day with shoulder sprain
Browner could miss 'quite a while'
Charles Tillman placed on short-term IR
Cutler out Week 11, McCown to start
Sean Lee out 3-4 weeks
Peyton Manning OK for Chiefs
Jonathan Martin likely out for the season
Groves out for season after ankle surgery
Vaccaro has concussion, out for Week 11
Gary Kubiak returns to work
Tony Gonzalez uncertain for Week 11
Incognito's suspension to last 4 games maximum
Manning to undergo MRI on Monday
Peyton Manning leads Broncos to win over Chargers
Jason Hatchers out vs. Saints
Pryor has sprained MCL
Peyton Manning ties another recordFlacco out for year with torn ACL
Osweiler makes his case in win over Bears
Lynch inactive vs. 49ers
Freeman suffers concussion vs. Colts
Forsett fractures arm vs. Rams
Colin Kaepernick will reportedly be shopped
Sheldon Richardson inactive for Week 11
Matt Forte to miss 3rd straight game
Jeffery won't play in Week 11
Emmanuel Sanders will not play vs. Bears
ASJ inactive once again for Week 11
Vincent Jackson will play in Week 11
This isn't just another game for Carson Palmer
Osweiler likely to get multi-week audition
McFadden expected to play in Week 11
Cowboys reportedly losing patience with Hardy
49ers place Colin Kaepernick on injured reserve
Manning's end began last winter
Can Romo lead Cowboys to playoffs?
Moats fined $8,681 for egregious facemask penalty
Carson Palmer fined for crotch-chop celebration
Hoyer out with concussion, Yates starting vs. Jets
The Jaguars pounced onto AFC playoff picture
Jaguars beat Titans, 19-13
Broncos' T.J. Ward fined for hit on Jeremy Maclin
Coaches are still mad about the NFL’s catch rule
Tough times in Green Bay
Texans claim Weeden 1 day after Cowboys cut him
Can Tony Romo save the Cowboys?
Aldon Smith suspended 1 year by NFL
Hardy fined for missing Cowboys meeting
NFL not suspending Manziel for roadside disputeFalcons GM supports Mike Smith
Manning besting Rivers through 1st half
Locker injury could be season-ending
Packers announce Scott Tolzien as starter
Jay Cutler suffers ankle injury
NFL playoff standings: Lions help cause
Steelers defense shuts down Bills in win
Giants win third straight
Steelers owner issues statement on Roethlisberger
Golden Tate's incredible one-handed catch
Jason Pierre-Paul leaves game with injury
Calvin Johnson: 2nd-most yards through 100 games
Packers QB Seneca Wallace injured
E.J. Manuel to start vs. Steelers
NFL Week 10 Weather Forecast
NFL news: Incognito mess, Simpson arrested
Dolphins players deny claims of violence
Incognito interview to air Sunday
NFL news: Dolphins took action against Incognito
Philbin speaks on Incognito harassment case
Jerome Simpson charged with DWI, per report
NFL news: Harvin back soon, Martin to IR and more
Duper the latest to be diagnosed with CTE
Harvin will join practice next week
NFL injury report, Week 10
NFL news: Fox released from hospital, Martin to IR
Bucs' Martin placed on IR
Foster trying to avoid season-ending surery
John Fox released from hospital
Roddy White questionable vs. Seahawks
Christian Ponder could play Week 11 vs. Seahawks
Arian Foster won't play vs. CardinalsCowboys release Weeden to make room for Romo
Packers hand NFC North lead to surging Vikings
Manziel named Browns starter for rest of season
Cam Newton is offending people for no real reason
Rams bench Foles for Keenum
NFL admits mistake that cost Ravens a win
Manning out with foot injury, Osweiler will start
Roethlisberger returns early from injury
Lions only used 10 men for Packers' FG try
Galette suspended 2 games for domestic incident
Sanchez expected to start for injured Bradford
Beckham blames self for Patriots loss
Edelman, Bradford top Week 10 injury report
Cruz announces season-ending calf injury
Peyton Manning benched for Brock Osweiler
The Cardinals are the class of the NFC West
Mike Iupati taken off the field in an ambulance
Edelman's season in doubt with broken foot
Sanders leaves Chiefs game with injury
Chiefs dominate Broncos
Patriots set another offensive record
Lynch, Sanders active for Week 10
Lynch active vs. Cardinals
Brown active vs. Seahawks
Sanchez replaces Bradford after injury
Cards must beat Seattle to establish themselves
Manning becomes NFL's all-time leading passer
Injured Roethlisberger dominates Browns, 30-9
Emmanuel Sanders active for Week 10
Rams cover concrete ring with rubber
Manning could be front office candidate in 2016
Hurns active vs. Ravens in Week 10Michael Vick doubtful vs. Packers
Cam Cleeland nearly lost vision in hazing incident
Christian Ponder dislocates his shoulder
NFL news roundup
Christian Ponder leaves with shoulder injury
Martin claims he was physically attacked
Flynn to work out for Packers
Spiller feels like he's returning to form
Ponder to remain Vikings starter, for now
Reed loses starting job for Texans
Roundup: Manuel to start, Martin to return soon?
NFL injury roundup, Week 10: Thursday
Rookie QB Manuel expected to start for Bills
Richardson misses practice for Colts
Doug Martin hopes to play again in 2013
Cutler cleared, expected to start
Packers LBs Matthews and Perry could return
Roddy White expects to play Sunday
Giants will place RB Wilson on IR, per report
Buccaneers vs. Dolphins: Expert Picks
Ray Rice still confident despite down year
Dolphins GM suggested Martin confront Incognito
NFL news: Smith activated, Rodgers out 4-6 weeks
49ers add Smith to active roster
Teammates come out in force to support Incognito
Dorsett, others diagnosed with CTE
NFL roundup: Rodgers out 4-6 weeks
Foles named among Week 9 Players of the Week
Rodgers 4-6 weeks from return
Incognito trying to 'weather the storm'
NFL news: Finley to IR, Moffitt retires and more
Houston voters reject Astrodome planMarqise Lee returns from hamstring injury
Eddie Lacy inactive for Week 10
Matt Forte inactive for 2nd straight game
Alshon Jeffery active for Week 10
Coach says Manziel hasn't proven himself a starter
The NFL's concussion spotters need to do better
Calvin Johnson will play against Green Bay
The NFL is proud it won't fine players for Paris tributes
NFL to honor France with moment of silence
The Giants don't have the Patriots' number
Bridgewater cleared, will start vs. Raiders
NFL to boost security at Sunday games after Paris
Ford tells Lions fans they deserve championships
Browns likely starting Manziel vs. Steelers
Rex Ryan has his revenge
Bills hold off Jets, 22-17
Williams leaves Jets game with injury
Lesean McCoy will play vs. Jets
Dez Bryant accuses reporter of using racial slur
Josh Norman fined for honoring American troops
Ward given 2 fines, will appeal both
Campbell tells Colts he's 'chilling right now'
Joyner fined for defenseless hit on Bridgewater
Titans LB fined for Brees hit that made Orakpo mad
'The greatest team that ever played in the NFL'
What Greg Hardy told the NFL to keep his job
Smith denies owing Enemkpali money
Iger will head Chargers, Raiders LA stadium project
Disney wants even more NFL action
Talib suspended 1 game for eye poke
Joseph Randle suspended 4 games
Andrew Luck out 2-6 weeks with lacerated kidneyMatthews will attempt to practice
Jermichael Finley placed on IR by Packers
Packers promote QB Scott Tolzien to active roster
Broncos lineman John Moffitt retiring at 27
NFL News Roundup: No timetable for Rodgers' return
Byers to IR, Panthers sign Hangartner
Patriots release Austin Collie
Rodgers has no timetable for return
Crabtree cleared to practice
Broncos snag top spot from undefeated Chiefs
Gregory out with broken thumb
All eyes on Rodgers injury after Bears win
Kubiak expected to join team in Week 11
Cutler could return in Week 10
Kubiak suffered mini-stroke
NFL news: Incognito will not return
Joe Philbin discusses Dolphins bullying
Incognito 'done' in Miami
49ers will release Asomugha
Elway: Del Rio was 'easy choice' as interim coach
Andre Brown preparing to play Week 10
Man found guilty for murder of Sean Taylor
AFC North injuries: Atkins done for the year
Kyle Rudolph out 4-6 weeks
Vikings will start Ponder vs. Redskins
Cardinals sign Jake Ballard
Panthers defense leads the way in victory
Mike Tomlin will re-evaluate Steelers
Bills release Flynn, add Rodriguez
NFC South injuries: Falcons suffer blows in loss
Steady dose of Ivory leads Jets to victory
Kubiak receives treatment for stroke symptomsRaiders' Armstrong investigated for K-9 taunting
Roethlisberger, Manziel could sit in Week 10
49ers sign Cadet, release Thomas
Jay Cutler made history Monday night
Saints sign quarterback Matt Flynn
49ers name Gabbert starter vs. Seahawks
Fisher calls Harrison's accusations 'absurd'
Rams sign Welker
Lewis placed on injured reserve
Rams' Bailey suspended 4 games for substance abuse
DeMarcus Ware out 2-4 weeks with back injury
Bridgewater leaves Rams game with concussion
Sam Bradford vs. Matt Cassel was actually fun
Gabbert leads 49ers to win over Falcons
Alonso to make return vs. Cowboys
Mathews active vs. Cowboys
Roethlisberger could miss 'a few weeks'
Brown has record-setting day in Steelers win
McCoy leaves Dolphins game with shoulder injury
Hilton, Watkins lead Week 9 injury report
Hilton active vs. Broncos
Anquan Boldin inactive for Week 9
Bush to sue city of St. Louis
Rice working to raise domestic violence awareness
What is Kaepernick's future in San Francisco?
Chris Culliver active for Week 9
Karlos Williams makes return in Week 9
Marshall will play vs. Jaguars
Quinn out for Week 9 game vs. Vikings
Everything you need to know for Week 9 in the NFL
Watkins will play vs. Dolphins
Thomas reportedly asked Browns to explore tradeJags sign Taylor, replacing Blackmon
E.J. Manuel cleared to play
Gary Kubiak tops AFC South injury report
Jack Del Rio named Broncos' interim head coach
Incognito sent threatening messages to Martin
Patriots pull away in 4th quarter, beat Steelers
Terrelle Pryor leaves game with knee injury
Cowboys pull off come-from-behind win over Vikings
Adrian Peterson touchdown gives Vikings lead
Kyle Rudolph injures foot vs. Cowboys
Jason Garrett is really f***ing happy
Zac Stacy gives Rams 1st rushing TDs of season
Jeremy Kerley hurts wrist against Saints
Darren Sproles injured in Saints-Jets
Dolphins veterans using rookies as 'ATM's
Week 9 NFL weather forecast
NFL news: NFLPA and Incognito, Goldson and more
Fox to miss 4-6 weeks, per report
Tuel to start against Chiefs
Goldson out against Seahawks
NFLPA not investigating Incognito, per statement
Bengals 'reached out' to Jay Ratliff
NFLPA investigating Martin incident
NFL news: Blackmon suspension, Harvin MRI and more
Burleson expected to be out longer
Harvin has MRI that shows 'no complications'
David DeCastro out; DeMarco Murray set to return
NFL fines roundup: Tate's taunt earns fine
NFL news: Blackmon suspended; Dolphins deny abuse
Chiefs vs. Broncos flexed to SNF in Week 11
Blackmon suspended indefinitely
Ben Tate will play, Arian Foster questionableSean Payton reportedly open to coaching elsewhere
Colts' new OC is expected to bring major changes
What if Luck and Manning switched places?
Jason Pierre-Paul active for Giants against Bucs
Bills place Harvin on IR, casts career in doubt
Details emerge from Hardy domestic violence case
Heath won't be fined for hit on Lockette
Mariota to start vs. Saints
Jimmy Graham 'can't block worth s--t'
Bengals improve to 8-0 with win over Browns
The Lions are pretty much firing everyone
Rex Ryan says he 'can whip most head coaches'
Jets starting Fitzpatrick against Jacksonville
49ers bench Colin Kaepernick for Blaine Gabbert
Smith out for season with torn Achilles
The Colts are the new Browns
Browns turn to Manziel for Week 9
Colts fire offensive coordinator Pep Hamilton
Bush placed on season-ending IR
Broncos, Browns fail to complete Joe Thomas trade
Keenan Allen out for rest of season
Nobody wants to trade for RG3
Cowboys cut Joseph Randle
Whisenhunt's firing made Matt Leinart very happy
London will host 5 NFL games in 2018
Washington defends name under DICK BALLS precedent
Titans fire Ken Whisenhunt
Rams are getting rid of their concrete wall
Is Andrew Luck a good or bad QB now?
49ers trade Vernon Davis to Broncos
Bengals, Cardinals flexed to SNF in Week 11
Fitzpatrick, Smith both day to day for JetsInjury roundup: Foster, White game-time decisions
Christian Ponder named Vikings' starter
Jonathan Martin's teammates deny harassment
Knee injury kept Revis out of press coverage
NFL roundup: More on Jonathan Martin, Aldon Smith
Bengals confirm Geno Atkins tore ACL
Martin dealt with 'abusive environment'
Aldon Smith rejoins 49ers
Injury roundup: Harvin out, Texans RBs in
Shanahan fires back at Haynesworth
Harvin will not play vs. Buccaneers
NFL news roundup: Dolphins critical of playcalling
Sherman's play-calling questioned by players
Thad Lewis still uncertain for Sunday against KC
Jonathan Martin downgraded to OUT due to "illness"
Vikings' Sullivan wants Ponder to start in Week 9
Former NFL player rips league in Twitter tirade
Injury roundup: CB Aqib Talib practices in pads
Bengals activate WR Hawkins from short-term IR
Saints vs. Jets: Expert Picks
Ratliff visits Chiefs, Bears
Dalton, Megatron named October's top players
Claiborne hopes to return in 2 weeks
Saints-Jets: New Orleans favored vs. Gang Green
NFL news: Dolphins in 'shambles,' Smith surrenders
Miami Dolphins in "shambles"
Aldon Smith surrenders himself on gun charges
Jonathan Martin absent from Dolphins practice
Jonathan Stewart declares himself ready for Week 9
NFL may consider negating TDs for taunting penalty
Thad Lewis is '50-50' to play this week
Santonio Holmes back in practice WednesdayPackers got 'ass kicked' in loss to Broncos
Thomas declares Sherman the NFL's best nerd
Smith reportedly eyeing a 2016 return
Steelers place Le'Veon Bell on IR
Lockette to undergo procedure after collision
Trades in 2015 haven't worked out
Taylor expected to be back in Week 9
Browns open to trading Joe Thomas, Alex Mack
Brady 'couldn't really care less' about 16-0
Michael Bennett calls Jason Garrett 'classless'
Dez Bryant upset with 'bull s*** media' after loss
The Broncos made Aaron Rodgers look human
Forte leaves Vikings game with knee injury
Burfict accused of celebrating Bell's injury
Hardy returned to Seahawks game after injury
Carr leads Raiders to 34-20 win
McCown replaced by Manziel
Saints win wild one over Giants, 52-49
Chargers can't stop getting injured
Mangold inactive for Week 8
Eric Decker active for Week 8
Dez Bryant makes his return in Week 8
Colts may be in trouble for hiding Luck's injury
Clowney returns to Titans game
JPP has a 'real chance' at returning in Week 9
Roethlisberger makes return in Week 8
John Brown is active for Week 8
Roethlisberger, Bryant return this week
Boldin out vs. Rams
McCown will start vs. Cardinals
Andy Reid's job is safe in Kansas City
Antonio Gates will play vs. RavensTexans injuries: Tate practices, Foster sits out
Rams starting Kellen Clemens again
Megatron named Player of the Week
Jamaal Charles sits out Wednesday practice
Roddy White's Week 9 status still uncertain
Jeff Cumberland ruled out with concussion
DeMarco Murray returns to practice
Foles named Eagles starter for Week 9
Thad Lewis misses practice
Lance Briggs says he will be back in 2-3 weeks
Taylor Mays out for the season
Rams' Zac Stacy sits out Wednesday
Falcons explain why they didn't trade Gonzalez
Spears, Huff cut
Browns received several offers for WR Gordon
Wallace meets with Sherman
Dolphins players questioning offensive gameplan
NFL news roundup: Rice headed to IR
Sidney Rice suffers a torn ACL
NFL news: NFL trade deadline passes and more
Eagles deal Sopoaga and a pick to Patriots
Bengals place Hall on injured reserve
Snyder meets with Goodell about Redskins name
Broncos looking to deal for Vikings DE Jared Allen
Jaguars sticking with Henne
Dolphins put WR Gibson on IR
NFL trade rumors: Allen, Gonzalez, Gordon and more
Schaub frustrated by demotion
Giants still support Coughlin, Manning
Wheaton could return in Week 9
Seahawks making push for Jared Allen?
Packers TE Finley getting more medical testsWho is the NFL's next great quarterback?
Rugby League star Jarryd Hayne waived by 49ers
NFL admits refs made wrong call vs. Ravens
Garcon files class-action suit against FanDuel
Hyde to miss Rams game with stress fracture
The NFL bug man visits Gillette Stadium
Ratliff 'felt like killing everybody in building'
Wake done for the year with torn Achilles
The Patriots can't be stopped, can they?
Patriots dominate Dolphins 36-7
Brian Cushing admits Brian Cushing took play off
Jason Pierre-Paul signs 1-year deal with Giants
Megatron says no turf is as bad as Soldier Field
Andrew Luck is no draft dodger
Jackson not expected to play vs. Falcons
Is the NFL serious with these latest dumb fines?
Tom Brady's BFF
Texans release Ryan Mallett
Jerry Jones wants to sign Greg Hardy long-term
DeflateGate won't die until Goodell gets his way
Ravens' headsets malfunctioned on final drive
Ravens upset with refs after Monday night loss
NFL officiating is for the birds
Bill O'Brien reportedly wanted to cut Ryan Mallett
Hardy no-showed a Cowboys practice
Injury could mark end of Foster's time with Texans
Lions fire offensive coordinator Joe Lombardi
McCown replaced by Manziel after injury
The Cowboys keep tolerating Greg Hardy
JPP meets with Giants on Monday
Chip Kelly blames RB coach for Mathews' touches
Suh finally shows up for the DolphinsNelson dismisses Jones threat
Chiefs cling to top spot in composite rankings
Foles, Barkley splitting reps
Harvin's hip flared up before MNF
Nicks remains on block
Waters out for season
Cutler out at least 3 more weeks
Redskins shopping Fred Davis
Seahawks-Rams: 'Schottenheimer happened'
Bryant's outburst was positive after all
NFC West injuries: Rice goes down
Ponder, Freeman battling for start
Pagano says Colts are set at receiver
Gonzalez 'understands' trade talks
Falcons stadium budget increases to $1.2 billion
Bills willing to deal Byrd
Kelly believes in Eagles offense
Mike Mitchell believes he's being targeted
Miami won't trade for Gordon or Nicks
NFL news: Keenum to start, Fitz not on the block
Andre Brown could return in week 10
Julius Thomas MRI results were negative
NFC East injuries: Vick, RG3 sidelined in Week 8
Sebastian Vollmer to undergo surgery
Miller misses court date for traffic violations
AFC East injuries: Vollmer, Gibson done for year
Gibson out for season
Maualuga diagnosed with MCL injury
Case Keenum to start over Matt Schaub
Cardinals GM denies Fitzgerald trade discussions
Kubiak 'very concerned' about Foster and Tate
Benjamin out with torn ACLRavens sign Bernard Scott
Campbell remains Browns starter
Matt Schaub has torn ligaments in ankle
Williams out for season
Burleson likely back in Week 10
Dez Bryant defends sideline outburst
AFC North injuries: Bengals take shots
'Pacman' Jones threatens David Nelson
AFC South injuries: Rackley leaves early
Kelly doesn't expect Vick to play Week 9
AFC West injuries: Thomas, Charles hurt
Wells hurt during tryout
Thomas having MRI
Redskins-Broncos: Griffin has 'rough outing'
Manning happy for bye week
Griffin 'OK' after exit
Ryan Broyles suffers likely season-ending injury
Matthews could return Nov. 10
NFL Playoff Picture: Chiefs are 8-0 and lead AFC
Rams-Seahawks: Can St. Louis keep up?
Packers vs. Vikings Inactive: Heyward is back!
Raiders beat Steelers in sloppy game
Vick getting MRI on Monday
Teammates praise Megatron's historic day
Lions fear torn Achilles for Broyles
Raiders lead Steelers 21-3 at half
Obscure rule helps Lions beat Cowboys
Calvin Johnson has 329 yards against Cowboys
Sean Lee has 2 INTs, Cowboys lead Lions at half
Calvin Johnson off to great start vs Cowboys
Vikins considering trading Jared Allen
Giants not planning to trade Nicks