Khan: Right under your chin! Right, Polnareff?
Polnareff: What?!
Khan: It's me, you fool. The Stand that suggests Anubis!
Polnareff (internal): Wh-What should I do?
Khan: Die!
Khan: I'll shave your chin right off!
Polnareff: Wh-What the hell are you?!
Polnareff: Aren't you the owner of this place?
Polnareff: C-Could it be that sword...
Polnareff: The sword is actually the Stand,
Polnareff: and it controls the wielder?
Polnareff: So the guy in Kom Ombo wasn't the user?
Khan: Polnareff...
Polnareff: No matter how many times you try,
you're still no match for me!
Polnareff: Th-The power in this sword...
Khan: After last time, I memorized
your Chariot's moves and powers!
Khan: I'll never lose to someone I've fought before!
Joseph: Come on, now.
Joseph: Come on, you've almost got it.
Joseph: Oh?
Avdol: Polnareff and Jotaro seem to be taking a while.
Jotaro: Polnareff, what's...
Jotaro: Who is that?
Polnareff: Stay back, Jotaro!
Polnareff: Th-This sword is a Stand.
Polnareff: It'd be pretty dangerous for your Star 
Platinum to fight it with his bare hands.
Polnareff: And the guy's not the user! He's just a puppet.
Polnareff: N-Not to mention, this Stand's gotten stronger!
Polnareff: You bastard!
Khan: Whoa, there.
Khan: Does that sting?
Khan: Now I've learned just how much
punishment you can take, too.
Khan: I wonder if you'll be able to 
withstand this next attack, Polnareff.
Jotaro: Polnareff!
Polnareff: I-It's getting stronger... with every strike!
Polnareff: I-I can't take this. I-I can't hold him back!
Polnareff (internal): Now!
Polnareff (internal): Take this!
Polnareff: What?!
Khan: I've learned all of your attack patterns.
Khan: Once I've fought an opponent,
even if my wielder has changed...
Khan: No matter what, no matter what, 
no matter what, no matter what...
Khan: I won't lose!
Polnareff: I-It's no use. I don't have a weapon anymore...
Polnareff: C-Crap! Help me out, Jotaro!
Jotaro: Star Platinum!
Polnareff: D-Did it work?
Jotaro: No, not even close.
Jotaro: It took everything I had just to land that punch.
man: Hey, Khan. Are you all right? Hey...
Jotaro: Shit. This thing is strong.
Jotaro: This is the first combat Stand
we've seen in a while that doesn't 
rely on schemes or spells...
Khan: Just as I'd expect from Star Platinum. 
You're as fast as I've heard.
Khan: But now I've learned all of those moves.
man: Wh-What's wrong, Khan?
Polnareff: Stay back!
Polnareff: He's being controlled!
If you don't want to be cut down,
Polnareff: get indoors and hide!
Polnareff: Th-This isn't good, Jotaro.
Polnareff: The more we fight it, the faster it gets.
Polnareff: Th-The next attack will be the fastest,
Polnareff: strongest, and most intense attack yet!
Jotaro: Out of the way, Polnareff.
Jotaro: He's trying to cut me down.
Polnareff: Run, Jotaro!
Khan: Die!
Khan: H-He caught it?!
Khan: I can't believe you caught my blade...
Khan: I see. Star Platinum's strength doesn't
come from its speed and precision alone.
Khan: It's also Jotaro's ability to stay cool under fire.
Khan: Yes, I know that now...
Jotaro: Is he dead?
Polnareff: No, he's just unconscious.
Polnareff: Jotaro, don't touch that sword!
Polnareff: Even now, the Stand's evil
powers could still be active.
Polnareff: Anyone who touches the 
drawn blade falls under its spell.
Polnareff: Let's sheathe it, but without touching it.
Polnareff: What should we do?
Polnareff: If it gets drawn again, we'll be in trouble.
Polnareff: This thing's learned about our powers.
Polnareff: We may not be able to beat it again.
Jotaro: How about we toss it in the Nile 
to lay at the bottom forever?
Polnareff: Forever, huh? That's a good idea!
cop: Hold it! This is the police!
Polnareff: Nice timing. Could you get this guy to a hospital?
cop: I came when someone reported 
a fight, and I find this!
cop: Why do you have a sword?!
cop: Hand it over!
Polnareff: Hey, stop!
Polnareff: Don't pull it out!
Jotaro: Polnareff!
It can't be...
Jotaro (internal): Polnareff's e-eyes...
Jotaro (internal): Did he fall under the 
spell of the cursed sword?
cop: Hey! You drew the sword!
Polnareff: I drew the sword?
Polnareff: Hey, now. Don't you dare lie.
Polnareff: Aren't you an officer of the law?
cop: H-Hey, what are you doing?
Polnareff: You're the one who drew it, aren't you?!
Jotaro: I don't know where the Stand's real user is,
but it seems Polnareff's fallen under their spell.
Jotaro (internal): But I've never thought about 
fighting Polnareff before.
Jotaro (internal): I know I can't hold back
if I end up fighting Chariot.
Jotaro (internal): Even if I win, it'll mean killing Polnareff.
Polnareff: Don't forget that I, Anubis, have 
learned all of Star Platinum's moves.
Polnareff: Someone I've fought before can
never, ever hope to defeat me!
Polnareff: Hey, now.
Jotaro (internal): H-His speed... This isn't good!
Jotaro (internal): He's getting faster. I-I can't take much more...
Jotaro (internal): I have to stop the sword!
Jotaro (internal): I'll have to catch it again!
Jotaro: It sped up!
Polnareff: I'll have your head!
Polnareff: Wha—
Jotaro (internal): What tremendous speed and power.
Jotaro (internal): This is the fastest Stand that we've faced.
Jotaro (internal): I-I'm going to lose this fight.
Jotaro (internal): If I don't fight Polnareff with my full 
strength, I'm going to be killed.
Polnareff: To think you'd escape from a
failed blade-catch with a headbutt...
Polnareff: I almost had you. Too bad.
Polnareff: But...
I know that move now, too.
Polnareff: Jotaro.
Polnareff: You're thinking about how you'll die 
if you don't kill Polnareff, right?
Polnareff: How weak of you. Weak, weak!
Polnareff: I'm going to show you something so amazing,
it'll finish you off right here and now.
Polnareff: Can you
Polnareff: beat this,
Polnareff: Jotaro?!
Polnareff: Silver Chariot plus Anubis: dual-wielding!
Jotaro (internal): This isn't good...
Jotaro (internal): If he gets faster on top of having an extra sword...
Jotaro (internal): Even my Star Platinum...
Jotaro: What's the matter? Did you fall asleep,
Silver Chariot: Jotaro?!
Jotaro (internal): I'll stop him before he kills me!
Star Platinum: Star Finger!
Silver Chariot: My right arm is as light as a feather now.
Polnareff: I see. I guess that was one option...
Polnareff: You look shocked.
Polnareff: Here I go! Undone armor!
Silver Chariot: You fool! There's no way your "ora ora" can 
withstand two master Stands' dual swords!
Silver Chariot: Your chest is wide open!
Silver Chariot: I've got you now!
Polnareff: I did it! I won!
Anubis: Lord DIO! I've taken care of Jotaro!
Anubis: I, Anubis, have defeated Jotaro!
Anubis: Yes!
Anubis: Don't think you'll be able to 
stop the blade or pull it out.
Anubis: This cursed sword has already
memorized and surpassed the 
power of your Star Platinum.
Anubis: I'll just push it in farther...
Jotaro: Y-You're going to push it in?
Anubis: Yeah, that's right!
Anubis: Indeed I will! Lord DIO will be pleased!
Anubis: S-Stop. Don't push it any further...
Anubis: It'll be murder.
Anubis: I will not stop! I'll push it in
and tear your guts to shreds!
Anubis: Wh-What?!
Anubis: I-I'm going to snap! I-I have to pull free!
Anubis: Stop!
Jotaro: By the way, didn't you say 
you were going to tear me up?
Jotaro: That's why I said that if you pushed
it in any further, it would be murder.
Jotaro: The sword had stopped moving, 
so it was easy to target.
Jotaro: Still, that was a strong enemy.
Jotaro: This last move took everything I had.
Jotaro: I'm glad it was enough to defeat
him before he could learn it, too.
Jotaro: This is the first time I've ever felt so tired.
Jotaro: I have to hurry and meet up 
with Avdol and the old man.
Polnareff: Wh-What happened to me?
Jotaro: D-Don't tell me I was being 
controlled by the cursed sword...
Jotaro: Yeah... But it's over now.
Polnareff: Sorry...
Jotaro: Polnareff, get the old man and Avdol.
Jotaro: I'm too tired to walk.
kid: It's shining...
Anubis: And now I've learned it...
Anubis: The true user of Anubis was the blacksmith
who forged this sword 
over five hundred years ago.
Now only his Stand remains.
Anubis: This means that I am a Stand with no user.
Anubis: Lord DIO pulled me out of the 
darkness of a museum storeroom.
Anubis: Lord DIO's Stand, The World, is a powerful
Stand that I could never hope to defeat.
Anubis: That's why I swore my loyalty to him.
Anubis: Jotaro, no matter what, I'll kill you!
Anubis: I've learned all of your powers.
Anubis: My ultimate speed...
Polnareff: Here's a band-aid.
Anubis: You'll never see it coming!
Jotaro: I don't want it.
Anubis: I'll stab you in the back!
Anubis: Die, Jotaro!
Anubis: Wh-What?!
Anubis: Shit! I missed! I tripped on that dog!
Anubis: Where did that dog come from?!
Polnareff: Hey, it's Iggy.
What are you eating? Some candy?
Polnareff: Eating that right off the ground...
What a filthy mutt.
Anubis: Th-That river is...
Anubis: The Nile River!
Anubis: N-No, this can't be real!
Anubis: At this rate, I'm going to fall in the river!
Anubis: If I fall into the river, I'm done for! I'll rust away!
Anubis: Someone stop me!
Anubis: Yes! On this air current,
I'll hit that wall and stop!
Anubis: Lucky!
Anubis: What?!
Anubis: Shit! I was so panicked, I accidentally used
my power to phase through the wall!
Anubis: I'm going to fall!
Anubis: Yes! A boat appeared! I'm saved!
Anubis: If I stick in the boat,
the boatman will get curious
and try to pull me out.
Anubis: Then, I'll take over his mind!
Anubis: Once I control the boatman,
I'll begin my counterattack on Jotaro!
Anubis: Ack! A cow was on the boat!
Anubis: W-Wait! Stop struggling! Hey!
Anubis: Calm down, you stupid cow!
Anubis: I know! I'll take over the cow's mind!
Anubis: And then...
Anubis: I won't make it in time!
Polnareff: Hey, look. That cow over there's
freaking out about something.
Jotaro: Good grief. Who cares?
Just go get the old man and Avdol.
Anubis: Help!
Anubis: H-Hey, fishies. Come here a sec.
Anubis: Come on, touch me.
Anubis: Hey, wait! Where are you going?
Anubis: Hey, Mr. Crab.
Anubis: Come on, take me up to the surface.
Anubis: I'll give you something good to eat.
Anubis: Wait! Don't leave me, Mr. Crab!
Anubis: I'll be rusted through in couple of days!
Anubis: H-Help me!
Anubis: Don't leave me!
Anubis: I'm so alone!
Polnareff: Stupid mutt.
Polnareff: What are you looking at?
Polnareff: There's nothing to eat over there.
Polnareff: Wha—
Polnareff: I-It stinks!
Polnareff: What the hell do you eat to make 
your farts smell like this?!
Joseph: Polnareff...
Avdol: To think, all of that happened without us.
Joseph: The Anubis Stand, huh...
That must have been rough, Jotaro.
Jotaro: Yeah...
Polnareff: Stop! Get off of me!
Jotaro: I'm never going anywhere with him again.
Polnareff: Stop it already, you stupid mutt!
narator: Though they may all look similar to tourists,
there are many races that live in Egypt.
narator: This is a typical Egyptian,
narator: wearing a garment called a jellabiya.
narator: This man is a Nubian.
narator: This is a Bedouin, a man of the desert.
narator: This is an Indian, who has nothing to do with this.
narator: And this doesn't have much to do with race, but...
person: Hey! That chick's legs are smokin'! So hot!
person: I can't keep my eyes off of her.
person: Like, bam! They pull you right in!