Kakyoin: Have your wounds healed, Avdol?
Avdol: Yes. But I'm much happier
that you'll be all right, Kakyoin.
Kakyoin: So I will.
Kakyoin: He didn't cut my pupils,
so I've been told it will heal soon.
Kakyoin: In junior high, one of my
classmates was hit by a baseball
so hard that his eye was mashed in,
Kakyoin: but he was fine by the next day.
Kakyoin: It was just fluid leaking out of his eyeball.
Polnareff: Seriously?
Joseph: No!
Kakyoin: In a few days, I can take off my bandages.
I'll catch up with you then.
Kakyoin: We're less than 800 kilometers
from DIO's lair in Cairo.
Kakyoin: Everyone, please continue on, and be careful.
Polnareff: Hmm, the numbers on this receipt from 
the hospital... Are they Arabic numbers?
It's so confusing.
Polnareff: This 0 is actually 5, right? And this
dot is actually zero, and this 7 is a 6?
Polnareff: And this wormy-looking one is...
Avdol: A 4. So, the amount we owe is...
Polnareff: 46,350 Egyptian pounds?!
Polnareff: That's expensive!
nurse: How cute!
girl 1: What's with this puppy?
girl 2: It's so unique.
nurseb: What in the world? He's chewing gum.
nurseb: Is he waiting for someone?
nursea: He's so well-behaved.
Avdol: And here I thought he
was just waiting outside.
Jotaro: Good grief.
Polnareff: He's a hit with chicks!
girl 1: I wonder why he's chewing gum.
nurse B: What a strange puppy.
Polnareff: Um, hello?
Polnareff: Let me give you some advice.
You'd best get away from that dog.
Polnareff: He may seem charming,
Polnareff: but in general, he hates people.
Polnareff: If you let your guard down,
Polnareff: you'll regre—
Polnareff: D-Damn mutt! G-Get off of m—
girl b: I-It stinks!
girl: Oh, goodness! It farted!
nurse A: So cute!
nurse: You get along so well.
Polnareff: W-We don't get along at all!
Polnareff: Damn it, Iggy! Get off of me!
Joseph: We're heading in, you lovebirds.
Joseph: M-Mr. Joestar?!
Hey, hang on!
Polnareff: Y-Y-You...
Polnareff: You shitty little dog!
joseph: They say the ancient Egyptians
always buried their dead
beyond the Nile's boundary,
where the sun sets.
joseph: That's why the whole city is
on the east side of the Nile.
joseph: All structures built on the west
side involve graves and the dead.
Joseph: But our enemies don't
care about east or west.
Joseph: They'll attack from every direction.
guy: Man, your cow is so lazy.
She's pretty strong, though...
person: Hey, Chaka! Hurry up and walk!
person: Stop wasting time!
person: Damn it! He's so worthless.
Who the hell do you take after?
guyb: The cow and the kid both look just like you!
Chaka: A sword?
Chaka: What's it doing here?
guya: Hey, look! It's a sword!
person: Give it here!
person: What? Did someone drop it?
guyb: Who drops a sword?
person: This is amazing! It looks pretty expensive.
guya: Hey, maybe the owner's around somewhere.
I bet he's in a panic if he dropped this.
guyb: Maybe it's just some antique 
that's been lying around.
guyb: Should we take it to the cops?
person: Idiot! We could make a fortune if we sold it.
Chaka(internal): But I'm the one who found it...
guyb: If it's just a replica, it's worthless.
guyb: Come on! Hurry up and draw it.
person: Right!
guyb: What's wrong?
person: I-It won't come out! It won't budge at all!
man A: Give it to me.
person: Here.
guya: Hold that end.
guyb: Right.
guya: I-It's no use. The blade isn't even showing at all!
Chaka: Let me try, too.
person: Shut it! If I can't do it,
there's no way you could, idiot!
guya: M-My hand!
guya: My hand!
guya: M-My hand! My hand's been cut!
guya: What cut my hand?!
The blade wouldn't even come out!
guya: I haven't touched anything but its hilt!
guyb: What a creepy sword...
Chaka: Hey! Let me try to get the sword out, too!
dad: Shut up! If you want to try, then just do it!
Chaka: I-It came out so easily.
I didn't even have to pull hard.
Chaka: But...
Chaka: I can hear the blade ringing...
guyb: I-I'm no expert on swords or anything,
but I've never seen a blade this beautiful.
guyb: It looks like a Japanese sword!
It's as if the blade were wet...
person: What an amazing find!
person: Hey! Give it here!
You shouldn't be holding it!
person: Give it to me!
person: H-Hey, wha...
person: What... What did you do?!
Chaka: I-I don't know...
Y-You were standing behind me, Dad.
Chaka: I-It's not my fault...
guyb: What the hell are you doing?! Hurry!
guyb: Hurry up and take him to a doctor!
guya: Th-There's something weird about this sword!
guya: It's like it's got a mind of its own!
Anubis(internal): Calm down.
Anubis(internal): Calm down, Chaka.
It is nothing.
Anubis(internal): Nothing at all, Chaka...
Chaka: Wh-Who are you?
Chaka: I can hear a voice from somewhere...
Anubis(internal): My name is Anubis.
I am the Stand whose card
suggests the God of the Dead
and the guardian of the graveyard.
Anubis(internal): You unsheathed me.
Anubis(internal): You shall become my user...
Anubis(internal): Yes, you are my user!
Anubis(internal): You have become an expert...
Anubis(internal): You are an expert in swordsmanship.
You are stronger than anyone.
Anubis(internal): Wield me, and kill!
Chaka: Both he and Dad deserved to die.
I feel like slicing you up, too.
guya: Wh-What? H-Hey, Chaka, stop!
guya: Please stop!
guya: I-Impossible! But the cow's not hurt...!
Anubis(internal): Kill Joestar! Chop up Polnareff!
Anubis(internal): Slice Jotaro in half!
Anubis(internal): You are an expert! A master swordsman!
Anubis(internal): You are stronger than anyone 
and can cut anything!
Polnareff: Kom Ombo?
Polnareff: Do we really have time to stop here?
Joseph: Stop griping.
Avdol: As long as they let us ride 
the ferry, we can't complain.
Polnareff: Man, I'm starving!
Let's get something to eat.
Joseph: You're so loud. Here.
For now, that'll have to do.
Polnareff: That's for Iggy!
Joseph: Well, don't worry about it. Just take it.
Joseph: By the way, where's the restroom?
Avdol: Let's go look for one.
person: Hey, mister, over here.
person: Want some papyrus?
Papyrus is what paper's made of.
Why not buy some as a memento?
person: Look, look! It's the real thing!
Polnareff: Papyrus?
person: I'll sell it cheap.
Polnareff: It's totally the real thing?
person: You betcha. This piece was made
by a famous Egyptian craftsman.
Polnareff: Hm...
Polnareff: This is a fake. If it were real, 
it wouldn't rip so easily.
Polnareff: I know these things.
Polnareff: Huh?
Polnareff: Where did Mr. Joestar and the others go?
Polnareff: Huh?
Polnareff: Iggy?! Why, you little... Hold it!
guy: Hey! Pay for this!
Polnareff: That stupid dog totally gave me the slip...
Polnareff: Hey.
You've got some balls,
to attack with so many people around.
Polnareff: It's unusual, too.
Polnareff: You guys usually don't let us see you,
or attack us head-on.
Polnareff: That's pretty manly.
I didn't think any of you were like that.
Polnareff: Identify yourself.
Chaka: My name is Chaka.
I am the user of the Stand which 
suggests the God of Death, Anubis.
Chaka: Jean Pierre Polnareff,
I will take your life.
Polnareff: "I will take your life"?
That's a pretty straightforward line.
Polnareff: You're a tougher, more manly enemy than I thought.
Polnareff: Come at me with that Anubis Stand of yours!
Polnareff: Chariot!
Polnareff (internal): He's got a sword, but...
Does he plan to fight me with that 
sword instead of using his Stand?
Polnareff (internal): Something's wrong.
Polnareff (internal): The way he moves... The way 
he wields the sword, his stance...
Polnareff (internal): He's a complete amateur! 
But something's not right.
Polnareff (internal): This isn't good.
Polnareff (internal): I should keep my distance.
Polnareff (internal): Wh-What the hell?
The sword passed through the pillar.
Polnareff (internal): And my shirt isn't cut!
He somehow cut just me, but not my shirt!
Polnareff (internal): If I hadn't kept my distance, I'd be dead now.
Polnareff: You bastard! Chariot!
Polnareff: Stop hiding, and show yourself!
Polnareff (internal): C-Crap...
Polnareff (internal): What the hell? I lost him.
I-I don't know which pillar he went behind.
Polnareff (internal): That Stand can phase through 
matter to cut its target.
Polnareff (internal): My Chariot is only able to strike at 
a bit more than a meter, at best...
Polnareff (internal): Damn it. He's got me at a disadvantage.
Polnareff (internal): Attacking me, Polnareff, with a sword and 
getting a hit in... You've got some nerve.
Polnareff (internal): But this is the end of 
you and your confidence.
Polnareff: Well, Chakster, how about this?
Polnareff: Bring it on!
Polnareff: All I have to do is stay away from the pillars!
Polnareff: You're not gonna pop up out 
of the ground at me, are ya?!
Polnareff: What?!
Polnareff: The pillar...
Chaka: I can do more than just pass through them!
I can cut the pillars themselves in half, too!
Chaka: Die, Polnareff!
Polnareff: Th-That was close.
Polnareff: That's Chariot's secret technique,
which not even Jojo knows about.
Polnareff: Launching the blade like that...
Polnareff: I only have one blade. If an opponent 
dodged that, I'd be unarmed.
So I only use that attack
when I'm in real trouble.
Polnareff: Well, I guess he's not dead.
Definitely down for the count, though.
Polnareff: That's strange...
Polnareff: The sword's still in its scabbard.
Polnareff: Did it just slip back in by chance?
Polnareff: Now that I see this sword up close,
Polnareff: it's really beautiful.
Polnareff: I think I'll pull it out more...
Jotaro: Hey, Polnareff. There you are.
Joseph: You went off by yourself, so we were worried.
Joseph: What if the enemy attacked you?
Joseph: Polnareff?
Polnareff: Huh? O-Oh. It's you, Mr. Joestar.
Polnareff (internal): I'm not sure if it's because
Polnareff (internal): I turned around too quick, or because 
of my wound, but I feel so out of it.
Joseph: Polnareff, why are you crouching?
Did you step on a turd?
Avdol: What? You've got a sword... 
Did something happen?
Polnareff: Yeah... A stupid guy decided to attack me.
Joseph: What? The enemy?!
Polnareff: It's over now.
Polnareff: He said he was the Stand Anubis's user.
Polnareff: He was an expert swordsman, able 
to phase through objects and cut them.
Polnareff: He was a powerful enemy.
narator: "Of course, he definitely wasn't as strong as me,"
narator: Polnareff thought to himself.
Polnareff: He attacked me with this swor—
Polnareff: Huh?
Polnareff: It's gone?!
Polnareff: Mice! Mice are trying to take the sword!
Polnareff: Hey!
Polnareff: Talk about creepy...
So thieving mice living down here?
Polnareff: If you're gonna steal,
steal some damn cheese!
Polnareff: How strange...
Now the sword is in so tight, 
I can't get it out.
Joseph: Polnareff!
Joseph: I'm glad that you're safe,
but we should always travel in pairs.
Be careful!
Avdol: Our enemy won't hesitate to
attack anyone who's found alone.
Joseph: Oh, no! That's our ship's whistle.
Joseph: Let's hurry back. We're going to Edfu today.
Polnareff: Wait. Hey!
Jotaro: Polnareff...
Jotaro: What are you going to do with that sword?
Polnareff: I'm going to hand it over to the police, 
since it's clearly a dangerous weapon.
Joseph: Yes, that would be best.
Joseph: If you left it in those ruins,
you don't know who might pick it up.
Joseph: It looks valuable, too.
Avdol: Hey, Iggy! Quiet!
Joseph: What if we get thrown out?
Polnareff: What the hell is with you today?
Well, the damn dog won't shut up.
Polnareff: I guess I should take care of it now.
Avdol: Polnareff! I thought we told 
you not to go off on your own!
Joseph: I just told you! Jotaro, go with him.
Jotaro: Right.
Jotaro: Hey. Shouldn't we get to the police station?
Polnareff: Oh, come on!
Khan: A man's got to look his best, right?
Polnareff: Oh, right.
Polnareff: Hey, Pops, would you put 
this sword over there?
Sure.
Polnareff: No matter how you look at it, 
it's clearly a dangerous weapon.
Polnareff: I was rolling around so much yesterday
Polnareff: that this handsome nice guy got all dirty.
Polnareff: Make me shine, Pops.
Khan: Sure.
Polnareff: Ow! Ow...!
Polnareff: Hey, Pops! That razor's dull.
Polnareff: Sharpen that thing!
Polnareff: This ought to be the best part of a haircut!
Jotaro: Good grief. You're such a whiner.
Khan: Really? Sorry about that.
Polnareff: Good!
Polnareff: Now it's cutting good and close. Feels nice.
Khan: That's so... good to hear.
Polnareff: Très bien! Très bi-e-n!
Could you get under my chin, too?
Sure.
Khan: Right here... underneath your chin, correct?
Khan: Right under your chin! Right, Polnareff?!
Polnareff: What?!
Khan: It's me, you fool.
The Stand that represents Anubis!