nurse: Pardon us.
nurse: How are you feeling, Mr. Kakyoin?
Kakyoin: I've never been without my vision 
before, so it's a bit unsettling.
nurse: Does it hurt?
Kakyoin: Not much. I think the painkillers are working.
nurse: I see. That's good.
Doctor: Hello, Mr. Kakyoin.
Kakyoin: Doctor, when do you think I 
can take off these bandages?
Kakyoin: I don't have any time to waste.
Doctor: Mr. Kakyoin, while your eye 
injuries are not life-threatening,
they are not minor, either.
Doctor: I'm afraid we won't be able
to discharge you anytime soon.
Doctor: To be honest, I can't even give you an estimate.
Doctor: Just kidding!
Doctor: It's true that you'll need time to heal.
Doctor: But just a moment ago,
for some reason, we were contacted by 
doctors from the Speedwagon Foundation.
Doctor: They asked that we put you in their care.
Doctor: With their advanced medical techniques,
I'm sure you'll recover much more quickly.
Doctor: So exactly who are you, anyway?
Doctor: The Speedwagon Foundation is world-famous.
Doctor: I don't think they'd get involved
with an ordinary high school student.
Kakyoin: I have an acquaintance who's 
very reliable, that's all.
Kakyoin(internal): Thank you, Mr. Joestar.
Kakyoin(internal): I might be able to join 
you sooner than I expected.
Kakyoin(internal): Jotaro, Polnareff, Avdol, Iggy...
Kakyoin(internal): Please wait for me.
narator: This is Luxor, a city about halfway up the Nile.
narator: In ancient times, it was called Thebes.
narator: Far to the west of the Nile,
narator: there lies a valley where the
pharaohs of old were laid to rest.
narator: This is the Valley of the Kings.
Avdol: The tomb of the famous King Tutankhamun 
lies in the Valley of the Kings.
Polnareff: Wow, so this place is pretty historical.
Avdol: Apparently, there are still people who
dig underneath their houses 
in secret to the government,
hoping to find gold and treasure.
Polnareff: I wonder if there are still any
tombs or treasures left to be found.
Avdol: There may be.
Jotaro: By the way, where did the old man go?
Avdol: To the bathroom.
Iggy's with him, so if anything 
seems odd, they'll notice.
Polnareff: Bathroom?
Avdol: Do you need to go, too?
Polnareff: If it's a real bathroom, sure.
Joseph: Oh my God!
Joseph: The air's so dry, the poop turns 
into dust and flies away.
Joseph: So instead of using water,
this toilet uses the wind?
Joseph: And there's no paper.
Joseph: This is...
Joseph: Could this be a sand washlet?!
You clean your ass... with sand?!
narator: Desert sand is sterile.
Joseph: Oh my God!
Joseph: I'm not Polnareff, but I think I'll
wait until we're at the hotel.
Joseph: With a bathroom like that,
I might as well just go behind a rock.
Joseph: That's a strange sight to see in Egypt.
Joseph: This makes no sense.
Why is there an electrical outlet in this rock?
Joseph: What would you even use it for?
Joseph: It's not like it could be wired to anything.
Joseph: I-It shocked me...
Avdol: Mr. Joestar, what's the matter?
We're going to head out soon.
Joseph: Huh? R-Right...
Joseph: Got it. I'll be right there.
Joseph: But what a surprise that was...
Since there's power running to it,
Joseph: does that mean they
have electricity around here?
Joseph: What a strange place.
Joseph: How surreal...
narator: Her card represents the Goddess Bastet.
The user's name is Mariah.
Mariah: You always want to touch what's off-limits.
Avdol: We could make it to Cairo in two 
days, but we're all injured.
Avdol: Why don't we spend tonight and 
tomorrow in Luxor to take a break?
Polnareff: Let's do that. Ever since we got to Egypt,
the enemy Stands have been getting stronger.
Polnareff: We've just barely been winning.
Polnareff: Hey, Mr. Joestar, is something wrong?
Joseph: My prosthetic hand's been acting up.
Joseph: Well, I'm sure the joints just need oiling.
Polnareff: Hey! Isn't that radio broken?
person: How strange. It's made in Japan, 
and I just bought it...
Polnareff: That static's irritating! Could you turn it off?
Polnareff: Mr. Joestar?
Joseph: Yeah, I agree. We should probably 
rest up before we enter Cairo.
Joseph: But we cannot let our guard down.
Joseph: All right. Let's find a hotel.
person: How strange.
Joseph: Thanks, old man.
person: Ah, thank you!
person: Hey, the radio suddenly works.
guy: Huh? That's weird... My hammer's so heavy...
guy: Wh-What?!
guy: Th-The nails... The nails! It hurts...
Polnareff: What? Did you hit your fingers?
Be more careful!
Polnareff: Slamming that hammer around is dangerous.
Polnareff: For crying out loud...
Avdol: Mr. Joestar...
Avdol: Mr. Joestar, please wake up.
Polnareff: Hey, hurry up!
Avdol: Polnareff is fussing about
getting breakfast somewhere.
Polnareff: Hurry and wake him up, Avdol!
Tell him to be down here in five minutes!
Polnareff: Most old people wake up early in the morning.
Joseph: Damn it. What a rude little shit...
Tell him I'll be right down.
Avdol: Right.
Joseph: Did my watch stop?
Avdol: But you know, Mr. Joestar...
Avdol: For a man of your age,
your sleeping habits are quite amazing.
Avdol: You've turned a full 180 degrees.
Avdol: You fell asleep facing south, 
but now you're facing north.
Avdol: Perhaps that proves you're still young?
Avdol: I'll be waiting downstairs.
Joseph: Something strange has been
going on since last night...
Joseph: And my prosthetic hand's still acting up.
Joseph: Wh-What's wrong with this chair?!
It's moving on its own!
Joseph: Could it be that the whole floor isn't level?
Joseph: This was a pricey hotel, but it
must have been built on the cheap.
girl: Where should we go today?
lady: The Karnak Temple was amazing, 
so I'd say something like that.
girl: It's a bit far, but how about 
the Valley of the Queens?
girl: What the hell are you doing, you dirty old man?!
girl: Pervert!
Joseph: I-I have no idea what's going on...
old: Oh, my. What a forward, aggressive approach.
old: You're j-u-s-t my t-y-p-e...
old: Smooch!
Joseph: Oh my God!
Joseph: Something strange is going on!
Something really strange!
Something has seemed off since last night!
Joseph: What?!
Joseph: Th-This is...
Joseph: Th-They're sticking to me...
Joseph: All of this metal is sticking to me...
Joseph: Steel is fixing itself to my body!
Joseph: Could it be that my body...
Joseph: My body...
Joseph: Has it turned into a magnet?!
Joseph: Ow!
Joseph: Th-This magnetism... Could it be a new Stand?
Joseph (internal): But why? Why can't I see the Stand?
Joseph (internal): Why are the knives and forks flying
at me without a Stand around?
Joseph: C-Could it be...
Has the shock from that rock
turned my body into a magnet?
Joseph: I-I can't get loose...
Joseph: O-Oh, no! The escalator is made of steel!
Joseph: And the magnetism is getting
stronger by the minute!
Joseph: What?!
Joseph: H-Hey, you! The lady in the miniskirt!
Joseph: This is trouble!
Your chain's gotten tangled
around my hands and body,
and it's getting dragged into the ramp!
Joseph: Push the emergency stop button 
at the bottom of the escalator!
Joseph: At this rate, your chains will get dragged in,
and they'll chop my hands and feet off!
Joseph: H-Hey, are you listening?
Mariah: Enjoy, Joseph Joestar.
Joseph: Wh-What?! D-Don't tell me you...
Joseph: You're the Stand user?!
Joseph: D-Don't tell me you...
Joseph: You're the Stand user?!
Mariah: Once you're ensnared by my Stand 
Bastet's magnetic energy,
there's no way to break the spell.
Joseph: S-Someone! Someone stop this escalator!
Joseph: I-I know!
Joseph: I'll push the emergency stop button...
Joseph: With my Hermit Purple!
Joseph: Y-You're kidding! It's not there?!
Th-The emergency stop button isn't there?!
Joseph: I-Impossible! This escalator
Joseph: doesn't have a button?!
Joseph: I'm getting pulled in!
Joseph: My neck! My neck!
Joseph: It's gonna cut my head off!
Joseph: This is the end!
Joseph: It's gonna cut my head off!
Avdol: Ahem. Ahem!
Joseph: This is the end! I'm going to die!
Avdol: Mr. Joestar. Ahem! Hello, Mr. Joestar.
Joseph: Gonna be chopped right off!
Avdol: Ahem.
Avdol: The escalator has stopped.
Avdol: I pushed the emergency stop button.
Avdol: It was on the side.
Joseph: No problems!
This escalator inspection has found no problems!
Joseph: The stop button works just fine!
Joseph: Hey, are you from the hotel?
Joseph: Could you sign off on the inspection? Right here.
Avdol: What are you talking about, Mr. Joestar?!
Joseph: The enemy. I'm under the
spell of an enemy Stand.
Joseph: My body is like a magnet now...
Joseph: She turned me into a magnet!
Steel sticks to me!
Joseph: Pull this thing off me!
Joseph: And the magnetic force 
keeps getting stronger...
Joseph: It's her! That woman is the user!
Avdol: What?
Joseph: Catch that woman!
We have to stop her magnetism at once,
or it'll get so strong,
I won't be able to move!
Avdol: Let's go get Jotaro and Polnareff!
They're waiting outside.
Avdol: What?!
Avdol: This... It's heavy...
Joseph: Avdol?!
Joseph: We can't wait on Jotaro and Polnareff!
Joseph: That woman's going to escape.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar, don't stay! Go!
R-Right!
Joseph: I'll at least get a look at her face!
Joseph: Th-This is...
Avdol: Sh-She went into the women's restroom.
What should we do?
Joseph: I'm going in.
My life depends on it!
I'm going to catch that woman, no matter what!
Avdol: Mr. Joestar?!
Jotaro: The old man's not here yet?
Polnareff: Yeah. Avdol went to get him,
and he's not back, either...
Polnareff: Could it be...
Polnareff: They secretly...
Polnareff: went to eat something
super-delicious without us?!
Jotaro: He's just taking his time in the restroom.
Jotaro: If they don't show up in the next five
minutes, we'll go look for them.
Polnareff: Oh, right. Restroom. Yeah, that's possible...
Polnareff: Come to think of it, the toilets 
in this hotel were so clean...
Avdol: Mr. Joestar, it's good that we came in here...
Avdol: But as I expected, most of the stalls are in use.
Joseph: Shh!
Avdol: Oh, shh...
Avdol: Sorry. But I-I don't know... 
Which one is she in?
Joseph: She has amazing legs.
Avdol: H-Her legs?
Joseph: Yes! Look for those legs!
You'll know right away if you spot them.
Avdol: W-We're going to look in?
Avdol: That's not it.
Avdol: Or these...
Avdol: Nope.
Avdol: M-Mr. Joestar, right here!
Avdol: Come here! Are these her legs?
old: Oh, my. You're the wonderful man I met earlier.
old: You came all the way here this time?
old: What a bold approach...
Smooch!
Joseph: Holy shit!
Joseph: It's that old hag! But she was upstairs!
Avdol: Th-This isn't good!
We got the wrong person.
This is incredibly bad...
Joseph: How could you screw that up?!
Joseph: Avdol, run!
Avdol: Wai—
lady: Perverts!
Avdol: This is not in line with my image!
Avdol: Bathroom disaster is Polnareff's thing!
girl a: It's a peeping old man!
girl b: How awful!
girl c: You perverts!
old: No, you're wonderful!
Avdol: She's headed that way!
Joseph: Damn it. When did she get over there?!
After her!
Joseph: A-Avdol, I forgot to tell you earlier,
but don't touch anything that
looks like an electrical outlet.
Joseph: Don't touch it, no matter where it is!
Joseph: That's the enemy's Stand!
You'll feel like you've been shocked,
and then the magnetism starts!
Avdol: I'm afraid I've touched it, Mr. Joestar.
Joseph: What?! Wh-Where?!
Avdol: When I pushed the emergency 
stop button at the escalator...
Avdol: There was an outlet nearby, 
and it shocked me.
Joseph: Th-That woman...
Avdol: M-Mr. Joestar, please don't run so close to me.
Avdol: It's hard to move with you stuck to me.
Joseph: Y-You get away, Avdol!
Avdol: What are you talking about? 
You're the one getting closer!
Avdol: Two magnets, when close together,
Avdol: will attract each other!
Avdol: To think that my body, too,
would become a magnet...
Avdol: Mr. Joestar, this situation...
Joseph: Yeah, it's extremely bad.
Joseph: Th-This enemy...
Avdol: This enemy...
Joseph: She's strong!