Polnareff: What the?! Something's coming!
Polnareff: I dunno what the hell that is,
but it's no ordinary human!
Joseph: Polnareff!
Polnareff: But no matter! I'll kill him!
Jotaro: A playing card?
Terrence Darby: Welcome. Master Joestar,
we have been awaiting your arrival.
Terrence Darby: I am the butler of this mansion.
Terrence Darby: My name is D'Arby.
Jotaro: D'Arby?
Terrence Darby: Yes. I am D'Arby Younger.
Terrence Darby: I am the younger brother of 
D'Arby Elder, whom you have
defeated beyond recovery.
Polnareff: You're the gambler D'Arby's younger brother?
Avdol: Are you here to avenge your older brother?
Terrence Darby: No, not at all. I wouldn't even think of it.
Terrence Darby: Didn't my brother tell you
Terrence Darby: that the one who is fooled
and loses the battle is at fault?
Terrence Darby: I believe that to be true, as well.
It's my brother's fault for losing.
Terrence Darby: I don't bear a grudge at all.
Terrence Darby: My brother is my brother, and I am myself.
Terrence Darby: We are different people.
Terrence Darby: I am ten years younger than my brother.
Terrence Darby: I did respect my brother to a certain degree,
Terrence Darby: but we are from different generations.
Terrence Darby: My brother is old-fashioned.
He had to cheat and swindle to win.
Terrence Darby: He could only defeat those who were 
either old-fashioned or amateurs.
Terrence Darby: I believe that Lord DIO also recognized this,
Terrence Darby: and that is why I am the one 
he chose to be his butler.
Terrence Darby: What is the matter?
Terrence Darby: If you would like to fight me,
Terrence Darby: please, come into the mansion.
Avdol: Everyone, don't rush in there carelessly.
Jotaro: We don't have much time. 
Hurry up and take us to DIO.
Joseph: Jotaro! Be careful! Something's coming out!
narator: D'Arby Younger. His Stand, Atum,
narator: suggests the God Atum.
Polnareff: H-Hey, he brought out his Stand!
Joseph: Well, that's rare these days.
Avdol: It's been a while since we faced someone who used their Stand out in the open.
Atum: So who is it?
Who shall be my first opponent?
Polnareff: He's so annoying!
Jotaro, beat the crap out of him!
Terrence Darby: Let us make a wager.
The first blow Star Platinum uses against me
Atum: will be a left-hand punch.
Atum: His first attack will be a punch 
thrown with his left arm.
Let us wager.
Polnareff: Whatever! It's all the same if you
hit him with everything you've got!
Polnareff: Do it!
Polnareff: Hurry up and hit him, Jotaro!
Joseph: What? H-He dodged?
Polnareff: Such speed!
Avdol: That's impossible.
Terrence Darby: Too bad. It seems I have lost this wager.
Terrence Darby: Just like my brother, I love gambling.
Terrence Darby: But I'm not very good at it.
Terrence Darby: As a reward, I shall take 
you to an amazing world.
Jotaro: What? A hole...
Avdol: Curses! It was a trap after all!
Joseph: Jotaro!
Joseph: Jotaro's falling into the hole!
Pull him out!
Terrence Darby: Oh, very well. You gentlemen may enter, too.
Joseph: Wha—
Polnareff: Mr. Joestar! Kakyoin!
Avdol: Wait! It would be too dangerous to follow them!
Joseph: Avdol, can you hear me?
Joseph: If you don't hear from us in ten minutes,
set the mansion on fire!
Joseph: Got it, Avdol?!
both: Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: This illusion... Are we 
underground or above ground?
Joseph: This wet feeling... This reality...
Joseph: It's too convincing.
Just what is he trying to do?
Jotaro: Old man. Kakyoin.
Consider this mystery for me.
Jotaro: His Stand...
It knew without doubt that I was 
going to throw a right punch.
Jotaro: Why do you think that is?
Jotaro: If we don't solve that mystery,
this guy will beat us.
Terrence Darby: Would you like something to drink?
Terrence Darby: Of course, the drinks are real. 
They are also not poisoned.
Joseph: Is this inside the mansion?
Terrence Darby: It is.
Joseph: Where inside the mansion?
Terrence Darby: I cannot disclose that.
Joseph: Is it below ground?
Terrence Darby: It could be.
Joseph: Is this illusion being created by a Stand?
Terrence Darby: Yes.
Joseph: Is this your Stand's power?
Terrence Darby: It is not.
Joseph: Is it DIO's?
Terrence Darby: It is not.
Joseph: Whose is it?
Terrence Darby: That information is not necessary.
Joseph: According to the Speedwagon Foundation's intel,
there are about two or three other Stand users.
Joseph: Is that true?
Terrence Darby: That information is not necessary.
Joseph: Looks like we're not getting any straight answers.
Terrence Darby: I could lie to you.
But I don't tell lies or trick others,
as my brother did.
Joseph: So what are you getting at?
Joseph: If we don't defeat you, we can't proceed?
Terrence Darby: Exactly!
Terrence Darby: That is indeed correct.
Kakyoin: That needlessly polite attitude...
This man gets on my nerves.
Joseph: Have you forgotten that it's one against three?
Joseph: We're in a hurry, so all three of us will attack you.
Terrence Darby: Now, don't be in such a hurry.
Terrence Darby: Before that, let's have a look
Terrence Darby: at my collection, shall we?
Joseph: Collection?
Terrence Darby: Though it pales in comparison to my 
brother's, I also have a collection.
Terrence Darby: But one likes to hear compliments 
about their precious collection
when showing it to others.
Jotaro: It can't be...
Kakyoin: Dolls? Wh-What are these dolls?!
Joseph: No, Kakyoin.
Given that we're dealing with one
Joseph: of the D'Arby brothers, 
those can't be ordinary dolls.
Sonia: D-D'Arby...
Sonia: Talk to me. Please, talk to me...
Sonia: Talk to me!
lady: I'm so lonely...
child: Help me...
Joseph: Oh my God!
Kakyoin: They're alive! These dolls are alive!
Jotaro: You bastard! They're souls!
Terrence Darby: My hobby is to make dolls.
Terrence Darby: And I've had real souls inhabit these dolls.
Terrence Darby: I'm letting the cat out of the bag,
but this is my Stand's power.
Terrence Darby: My brother simply enjoyed his 
soul coins, collected in little rows.
Terrence Darby: But that's rather simple and mundane.
Terrence Darby: I change their clothes and even talk to them.
Terrence Darby: For example,
her name is Sonia.
Sonia: D'Arby! Oh, D'Arby!
Terrence Darby: I love hearing about her beautiful love stories.
Sonia: D'Arby...
Terrence Darby: Isn't her skin beautiful?
Sonia: D'Arby...
Terrence Darby: She's so beautiful, I'm never
embarrassed to show her off.
Terrence Darby: Dr. Elliott is a murderer. 
He's killed eight people.
Terrence Darby: I enjoy hearing about the 
patients he murdered.
Terrence Darby: I made his glasses and stethoscope myself.
Terrence Darby: Oh, that's right! I must show you this!
Terrence Darby: The video game master from Japan, Tatsuhiko!
Terrence Darby: His IQ is 190, so he was formidable.
Terrence Darby: It wasn't easy to beat him and steal his soul.
Tatsuhiko: Mama... Mama! Mama!
Joseph: Both of you brothers are insane.
No, you're much worse than your brother.
Joseph: You're pissing me off more!
Kakyoin: You act like a gentleman, but you're scum.
Kakyoin: You make me sick.
Terrence Darby: By the way, I'm sure you experienced 
this when fighting my brother, but...
Terrence Darby: Human souls are indeed mysterious.
Terrence Darby: Once you admit defeat,
your soul's energy drops almost to zero.
Terrence Darby: I watch for that moment,
and then drag their souls out!
Terrence Darby: That is how both my
brother and my Stands work.
Joseph: That's enough talk!
You're just pissing me off.
Joseph: We'll hurry up and defeat you,
then move forward!
Terrence Darby: But you must listen!
Atum: Jotaro, you know you are 
already under my control.
Terrence Darby: Earlier, Jotaro, when I read whether you were
going to use your left or right,
you were shocked, weren't you?
Terrence Darby: And how I read it is still a mystery to you.
Atum: At that moment, though subtly, 
I was able to touch your soul.
Atum: What do you think I did when I touched it?
Kakyoin: Wh-What?!
Joseph: What is that?!
Terrence Darby: I left Atum's arm attached to your soul.
Terrence Darby: If I were to crush your right arm,
I'm sure Lord DIO would be quite pleased.
Terrence Darby: But in that instant, I would be 
attacked by Kakyoin and Joestar,
Terrence Darby: and would be utterly defeated.
Terrence Darby: I don't want that to happen.
Terrence Darby: So how about this, gentlemen?
Terrence Darby: Why don't we play a little game
and wager our souls?
Joseph: What?
Terrence Darby: If I admit absolute defeat, 
I shall let go of his arm.
Jotaro: Good grief. Already under your control, huh?
Jotaro: True... But you're going to 
regret tricking me, D'Arby.
Terrence Darby: I would absolutely love to hear you say,
Terrence Darby: "I will play a game and wager my soul."
Terrence Darby: But the first to play will be...
Terrence Darby: Kakyoin. I choose you.
Jotaro: Hey, what's the meaning of this?
Jotaro: You should fight me first.
Terrence Darby: You and Joestar are related by blood,
but you have no relation to Kakyoin.
Terrence Darby: If, after I steal the two Joestar souls,
Kakyoin lost interest in wagering his soul
and attacked me with his Stand, 
it would be troublesome for me.
Joseph: You're so full of yourself.
You seem to think you've already won.
Kakyoin: Very well. I shall be your first opponent.
Joseph: What?
Jotaro: Kakyoin!
Kakyoin: It's fine. I feel confident.
Kakyoin: I have experience with video games myself.
Kakyoin: I'd like to challenge you to F-Mega.
Kakyoin: And I shall wager my soul!
Kakyoin: I shall wager my soul!
Terrence Darby: Good.
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Jotaro: You don't have to go first.
Kakyoin: Yes, I do.
Since you have that thing attached to your arm,
Kakyoin: it's likely you'd mess up the game's controls.
Kakyoin: D'Arby, where is our guarantee
that if you lose, your Stand 
will let go of Jotaro's arm?
Joseph: There's nothing wrong with the TV,
console, or game cartridges.
Joseph: These are the same video games
you could find anywhere else.
Terrence Darby: I am not like my brother. I shall not cheat.
Terrence Darby: Now, let's begin.
Kakyoin: Yes.
game: F-Mega!
game: Select your car.
Terrence Darby: First, please select your car.
Kakyoin: Right.
Terrence Darby: So your machine is #28, eh?
Mine is #15, because I was born on January 5th.
Terrence Darby: Are you ready?
Kakyoin: Enough pleasantries. Just go!
game: Race start in...
Five!
Kakyoin(internal): Th-The way he's pushing the accel button over
and over again at such a fast speed...
Kakyoin(internal): He's trying for a start dash!
game: Three...
Kakyoin(internal): Crap! I'm not going to be able to dash like this!
game: Two...
Kakyoin(internal): He's going to get ahead of me!
game: One.
game: Start!
Kakyoin: He blocked me!
Darby The Yonger(internal): As long as I can keep this up, I will win.
Darby The Yonger(internal): It is impossible to get past me at this point.
Darby The Yonger(internal): And sadly, I, D'Arby, never make 
mistakes with controls in a race.
Darby The Yonger(internal): You were naïve, Kakyoin!
Terrence Darby: What?!
Terrence Darby: I see you've played this game before, Kakyoin.
Kakyoin: I don't need to answer that.
Joseph: All right!
Joseph: This is your chance, Kakyoin!
Joseph: Hurry up! Get your machine 
back on the course and start!
Darby The Yonger(internal): That technique...
It's not possible by simply 
having experience in F-Mega.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Although he looks rather 
anxious on the outside,
Darby The Yonger(internal): he has a very bold personality.
Joseph: They're tied! They're right next to each other!
Jotaro: No. Kakyoin ended up on the outside.
Jotaro: If they hit a curve side by side,
the outside car is at a disadvantage.
Kakyoin: 355 kilometers per hour... 358... 360...
Kakyoin: Only three seconds to the first corner!
Kakyoin: It's possible to take the corner at this speed!
Kakyoin: I'm going to bust through 
that corner at full throttle!
Kakyoin: Two... One!
Joseph: At the same time!
They turned that corner at the 
same speed and at the same time!
They're side by side!
Terrence Darby: I've taken a liking to you, Kakyoin!
Terrence Darby: You wagered your soul,
but you're not scared at all!
Terrence Darby: You rise above fear to work the controls.
Terrence Darby: Only people like you, who give me competition,
are worthy of being a part of my doll collection.
narator: Noriaki Kakyoin thought to himself...
Kakyoin(internal): Me? Rise above fear?
Thanks. I've had training.
Kakyoin(internal): Six months ago, when I met your master, DIO...
Kakyoin(internal): When he planted the flesh bud in my brain,
I was trained to withstand fear.
Kakyoin(internal): That moment...
Kakyoin(internal): The moment I encountered DIO, honestly, 
I was terrified of the beast he was.
Kakyoin(internal): I lost feeling in my legs, 
every hair on my body stood on end,
and my body was frozen.
Kakyoin(internal): When I saw DIO and realized I couldn't move,
Kakyoin(internal): the paralysis made my hairs 
stand even more on end.
Kakyoin(internal): My stomach convulsed, and I had acid reflux.
Kakyoin(internal): I nearly threw up.
Kakyoin(internal): As he looked at me, DIO said this to me.
Kakyoin(internal): His voice was gentle, as if speaking to a child.
DIO: Kakyoin.
DIO: There's nothing to fear.
DIO: Let's be friends.
Kakyoin(internal): I curse myself! After I heard that...
Kakyoin(internal): I was relieved. To be honest,
I felt relief from the bottom of my heart.
Kakyoin(internal): I thought I could stay alive!
Kakyoin(internal): But it was humiliating. I can't forgive myself!
Kakyoin(internal): Nothing could be more humiliating.
Kakyoin(internal): I couldn't forgive myself.
Kakyoin(internal): I cursed myself for giving in to him.
Kakyoin(internal): Jotaro saved me, and that was the 
reason I went on this journey.
Kakyoin(internal): I will never return to being that 
pathetic Kakyoin ever again!
Kakyoin(internal): D'Arby, that's exactly why I'm wagering 
my soul with you in this challenge.
Kakyoin(internal): Three, two, one!
Joseph: Again, at the same time!
Joseph: The third corner!
Kakyoin(internal): That is why I, Noriaki Kakyoin,
Kakyoin(internal): will not make any nervous 
mistakes with my controls.
Kakyoin(internal): I will show you that!
Joseph: All right! The fifth corner! 
Again, at the same time!
Joseph: They're going through all 
of them the same time!
Terrence Darby: K-Kakyoin... Damn you...
Joseph: Next is the sixth corner!
Darby The Yonger(internal): Once you're through the sixth corner,
you'll see a speed tunnel.
Darby The Yonger(internal): As soon as you're through the tunnel,
you'll be able to go twice 
as fast, up to 850km.
Darby The Yonger(internal): No matter what,
I must go through that tunnel!
Kakyoin(internal): But the tunnel is only wide enough
to accommodate one vehicle.
Joseph: If they continue to race neck-and-neck,
Joseph: one of them won't be able to enter the tunnel!
Joseph: The sixth corner! Again, they were together!
Kakyoin: The tunnel! I see the tunnel.
Joseph: Kakyoin, don't let him push you out!
Terrence Darby: It seems you haven't realized yet, Kakyoin.
Terrence Darby: Are you trying to push me out?
Terrence Darby: Take a look at your #28's remaining power.
Joseph: K-Kakyoin has less!
Terrence Darby: At the race's start,
you spun and were blown away 
by my blocking maneuver.
Terrence Darby: Didn't you realize you had less energy after that?
Terrence Darby: Two seconds until the tunnel.
Joseph: You're going to collide!
Let him have the lead!
Joseph: Go into the tunnel after D'Arby!
Kakyoin: I cannot!
If I let him enter the tunnel first, 
my chances of winning are gone.
Terrence Darby: One second until the tunnel!
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Joseph: Whoa! He tilted his car!
Terrence Darby: I never guessed you'd enter on the tunnel's wall.
Joseph: Y-You did it, Kakyoin! Mentally, you're winning!
Joseph: Keep pushing through!
Terrence Darby: Shut up! You're distracting me.
Joseph: He's ramming him!
Darby The Yonger(internal): I don't care how little power I have left.
Darby The Yonger(internal): I'll take this next turn, even if only a
hundredth of a second ahead of Kakyoin,
Darby The Yonger(internal): take the shortest course, even if it's 
by a thousandth of a millimeter,
Darby The Yonger(internal): and get through this tunnel 
even if it's but a moment faster!
game: No radar.
Joseph: H-Hey, what's wrong?
I can't see the machines!
Kakyoin: We have to get through the 
tunnel in darkness from here.
Joseph: What?!
Kakyoin: Absolute darkness, where the 
radar is completely useless!
Kakyoin: There are eight curves, None mine, and one cannon.
Kakyoin: At the end of the darkness is the tunnel's exit.
Kakyoin: One mistake and you'll hit the wall.
Kakyoin: But my body has memorized the 
timing needed to take the curves.
Kakyoin: So has D'Arby.
Jotaro: That's the sound of taking a corner.
Joseph: What's going on?! Where are they driving?
Who's going faster?
Kakyoin: Three...
Terrence Darby: Two...
both: One!
both: Cannon!
Joseph: Just for an instant,
I could see them in the 
light of the cannon blast!
Jotaro: Kakyoin is just slightly behind.
Joseph: I can see the exit!
They're coming out of the tunnel!
Joseph: D'Arby is ahead!
Joseph: He's ahead by a length!
Terrence Darby: I have won!