narator: "Which creature walks on 
four legs in the morning,
two legs in the afternoon,
and three legs in the evening?"
narator: The guardian of the pyramids,
the Sphinx, asked travelers this riddle.
narator: The answer is "Humans."
narator: Legend says that those who could
not answer were eaten by the Sphinx.
narator: Thirty thousand kilometers from Japan,
Jotaro and the others have finally reached Cairo.
Avdol: Cairo is immense.
Avdol: Rather than searching aimlessly,
we should work our way from 
the outskirts inward to the center.
Joseph: We're finally here.
narator: Jotaro and the others have arrived in Cairo.
narator: But before the pyramid named DIO,
a few more Sphinxes stood in their way.
guy: Welcome, foreigners. What would you like?
Joseph: There's something I'd like to ask you.
Joseph: We're looking for the building in this picture.
Joseph: Do you know where it is?
narator: Joseph and the others were exhausted.
narator: Ever since their arrival,
they had searched constantly 
for the building in the picture.
narator: These are spirit pictures that
Joseph managed to take of DIO's mansion.
narator: DIO had moved to a new hideout,
and the Speedwagon Foundation 
had lost track of his whereabouts.
narator: Where is DIO?
narator: If they are unable to find 
him in the next few days,
Holly's life will come to an end.
guy: Sirs, this is a café. Please order something.
Joseph: Four iced teas.
guy: Nope, I don't recognize it.
Joseph (internal): Cairo has a population of six million.
Joseph (internal): There must be two to three million buildings.
Joseph (internal): Will we be able to find him?
Avdol (internal): There has to be someone...
Someone has to know where it is.
manb: This building, huh?
mabc: I can't tell from just a picture...
man: Sorry, it doesn't look familiar.
Joseph: I see. Sorry to bother you.
No problem.
Joseph: Come on. Let's continue our investigation.
Daniel Darby: I know that building.
all: What?!
Daniel Darby: No doubt about it. It's that building.
Joseph: W-Was it you who just said that?
Joseph: I just heard someone say 
they know this building.
Daniel Darby: Yes.
I did indeed say that I know where
the mansion in that picture is located.
Joseph: What? Really?!
Avdol: That's great to hear!
Polnareff: Yes! We're pretty lucky to have 
found someone who knows
where it is just from this picture.
Joseph: Where? Please tell us! Where is it?
Daniel Darby: Are you asking me to give 
you the answer for free?
Joseph: Y-You've got a point. Sorry about that.
Joseph: I'll pay you ten pounds.
Joseph: So, where is it?
Daniel Darby: I love gambling.
Daniel Darby: I'm a sucker for cheap thrills.
I can't get enough of them.
Daniel Darby: Well, you could say that 
I make my living gambling.
Daniel Darby: Do you like gambling?
Joseph: I'm not sure what you're getting at.
Daniel Darby: If you don't like gambling, just say so.
Joseph: I'm asking you exactly what you mean by that.
Daniel Darby: Well... Would you make a
silly little wager with me?
Daniel Darby: If you win, I'll tell you 
where that place is for free.
Joseph: Wager? I'm pretty confident 
when it comes to wagers,
but we don't have time 
to play poker right now.
Joseph: I'll give you another twenty pounds, 
so please just tell us.
Daniel Darby: The thing about gambling is, 
you can do it with anything.
Daniel Darby: It won't take any time at all.
Daniel Darby: For example,
look over there. See that cat?
Daniel Darby: Now, why don't we bet on which
smoked fish that cat will eat first?
Daniel Darby: Right or left?
Daniel Darby: How about it? It's silly, but thrilling.
Polnareff: Hey! You're really starting to annoy me!
Polnareff: Just take the thirty pounds, 
and hurry up and tell us!
Joseph: Polnareff, that's not the way to 
ask someone for information.
Polnareff: Okay, fine! Then I'll make a bet.
I pick the one on the right!
Daniel Darby: Good! Now it's getting fun.
Then I shall wager on the left.
Joseph: Hey, now...
Avdol: Hey, Jotaro. Isn't he rather suspicious?
Jotaro: Yeah... He might be an enemy Stand user.
Jotaro: But he might just be a compulsive gambler.
Avdol: If he does anything even remotely strange,
plow through him with Star Platinum.
Jotaro: Got it.
Polnareff: By the way, if I lose,
what am I supposed to pay you?
Polnareff: Like, a hundred pounds?
Daniel Darby: I don't need money.
How about your soul? I'll take your soul.
Polnareff: What?
Polnareff (internal): What kind of joke is that? Cocky bastard.
I want to hurry up and
get the hell away from him.
Daniel Darby: Your answer?
Polnareff: Yeah, okay, sure. That's fine.
Daniel Darby: Oh? The cat has taken 
notice of the smoked fish.
Polnareff: The right.
Polnareff: The kitty's going to the right.
Polnareff (internal): If I were a cat, I'd pick the bigger one.
Polnareff (internal): The one on the right looks bigger!
Daniel Darby: You saw it.
It first took the left, 
then the right, and then ran.
Daniel Darby: I win.
Polnareff: Hey, you lost, Polnareff. 
What are you going to do now?
Polnareff: I'm getting sick of asking 
around about that building.
Daniel Darby: Now, then. As per our agreement, 
let's have you pay up.
Polnareff: Huh? Pay? Pay what?
Daniel Darby: Your soul.
Daniel Darby: That is indeed what you just wagered.
Daniel Darby: Your soul!
Daniel Darby: I am a Stand user that steals souls!
Daniel Darby: Gambling makes it easier for the 
human soul to leave its vessel.
Daniel Darby: It is my Stand's power to
steal it at that moment!
Joseph: What?! What's going on?!
Jotaro: Polnareff!
Daniel Darby: Hold it! Don't kill me. It's too late!
Daniel Darby: If I die, Polnareff's soul, which is 
in my Stand's grasp, will also die.
Avdol: Polnareff!
Joseph: H-Hey!
Avdol: H-He has no pulse.
Avdol: He's dead! Polnareff is dead!
Joseph: Polnareff!
Daniel Darby: This is Polnareff's soul.
This means I've already gotten rid of one
of the people trying to get in Lord DIO's way.
Daniel Darby: Even if he was just a fool.
Daniel Darby: It's a little overdue,
but allow me to introduce myself.
Daniel Darby: My name is D'Arby.
Daniel Darby: D-A-R-B-Y. There's an apostrophe after the D.
narator: The Stand that steals souls 
from those who lost a bet...
narator: The one that suggests Osiris.
Daniel Darby: By the way, this is my cat.
Avdol: Y-You bastard!
Avdol: Don't screw with us! A bet? It was just a scam!
Daniel Darby: A scam?
Daniel Darby: Listen. If you've been scammed,
the one who failed to see through it is the loser.
Daniel Darby: I believe gambling is just like relationships.
Daniel Darby: It's all about fooling the other.
Daniel Darby: The one who cries loses.
Daniel Darby: Are you going to kill me with your bare hands?
Daniel Darby: Very well. Do it.
If you want this soul to die, as well.
Avdol: Listen here.
You will not walk away from this in one piece.
Daniel Darby: Do you remember what you 
were doing on the night of
September 22nd, 1984 at 11:15 PM?
Avdol: What are you talking about?
Daniel Darby: I remember.
Daniel Darby: Around that time in California,
I was gambling with an American 
man named Stephen Moor,
and he said the same thing you just did.
Daniel Darby: This is him.
Daniel Darby: The one below is Moor's father, 
and his wife is right next to him.
Daniel Darby: If you want to get Polnareff's soul back,
you have no choice but to continue
Daniel Darby: gambling with me.
Avdol (internal): Th-This man is a demon...
Jotaro: He's planning to take us, one by one.
Daniel Darby: What will you do?
If you're scared, you can go home...
Daniel Darby: And leave Polnareff behind.
Daniel Darby: Well, have a drink and think 
about it long and hard.
Daniel Darby: How about some chocolate?
Avdol: M-Mr. Joestar, what are you trying to do?
Joseph: Have you heard of surface tension, Barbie?
Daniel Darby: It's D'Arby. My name is D'Arby.
Daniel Darby: It's the force that's keeping that drink 
from breaking the surface, correct?
Daniel Darby: What do you plan to do?
Joseph: The rules are simple.
We'll take turns putting coins in this glass.
Joseph: The one who makes it overflow loses.
Jotaro: Hey, old man...
Avdol: Y-You can't mean... Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: I'll wager my soul on it!
Joseph: I'll wager my soul on it!
Daniel Darby: Good!
Avdol: What?!
Avdol: Impossible! P-Please don't! He's a con artist!
Joseph: I won't let him cheat!
I'm the one who chose the method of this wager!
Joseph: Jotaro, make sure he doesn't cheat.
Daniel Darby: Okay! That's fine. I shall take this bet.
Daniel Darby: But first...
Do you mind if I inspect the glass and coins?
Joseph: Of course, you have that right.
Joseph: You also have the right to 
make sure I'm not cheating.
Joseph: First, will you guarantee that if you lose,
you will return Polnareff's 
soul, no matter what?
Daniel Darby: I am a gambler. I do have my pride.
Daniel Darby: If I lose, I always pay up.
I won't lose, though.
Joseph: Very well. You can go first. Put in a coin.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: Just leave this to me.
Joseph (internal): I'm an expert at this trick with a glass and coins.
Joseph (internal): I'm not easy to beat when 
surface tension is involved.
Joseph (internal): It should fit about eight or nine more coins...
Joseph (internal): As long as I can remain calm 
and my fingers don't shake.
Daniel Darby: May I put in more than one coin at a time?
Joseph: If you can do it all at once.
Daniel Darby: Well, then...
Avdol: F-Five?!
Joseph: Hey, I think I saw a little wave there.
Daniel Darby: Quiet!
Daniel Darby: Don't touch the table.
Daniel Darby: It's your turn.
Joseph: Your guts are quite impressive,
to put in five at once.
Joseph: I'll go with one.
Joseph: That was too close.
Jotaro (internal): The old man...
He has cotton between his finger and the coin.
Jotaro (internal): Liquid is dripping from it.
He's squeezing it out and adding to the alcohol.
Jotaro (internal): And you wanted me to watch for cheating?
Jotaro (internal): You scoundrel...
Not bad.
Joseph (internal): No more will fit!
Even one more and the
drink will spill over! I've won!
Joseph (internal): It's not a scam if you're not caught!
That's what he said himself.
Joseph: This is bad for my heart.
I thought it was going to spill...
Joseph: Now it's your turn, Obie.
Daniel Darby: It's D'Arby. Don't mistake that again!
My name is D'Arby!
Daniel Darby: It's not Obie or Barbie!
Joseph: My apologies.
Jotaro (internal): He's screwing up his name on 
purpose to make him agitated.
That old man...
Jotaro (internal): He's a gambler at heart.
Joseph: Let's continue our wager.
It's your turn to put in a coin, D'Arby.
Daniel Darby: There's a shadow, so this angle is difficult.
Daniel Darby: I'll put it in from the right side of the table.
Joseph: You may put it in from wherever you like.
Joseph (internal): Though because of my cheat, 
it's already at its limit.
He can't put any more in, 
no matter what he tries.
Joseph (internal): It'll overflow if he even touches the surface.
Daniel Darby: You're thinking that this glass's 
surface tension is at it's limit.
Daniel Darby: That it's impossible, right?
Daniel Darby: But that's not true...
Joseph: I-Impossible! It can't be!
There's no way it wouldn't overflow!
Daniel Darby: What do you mean,
there's no way it wouldn't overflow?
Daniel Darby: As you can see, it went in.
Jotaro: He made no suspicious moves 
that could've been cheating.
Jotaro: I was watching with Star Platinum.
Jotaro: He put the coin in fairly.
Jotaro: There's no doubt about it.
Joseph (internal): B-But I made sure!
Joseph (internal): I made sure that it would 
overflow if one more was added!
Joseph (internal): Why? There's no way one 
more could have gone in!
So how?!
Daniel Darby: Go ahead, Mr. Joestar.
Daniel Darby: Hurry it up.
Or are you trying to wait until it evaporates?
Joseph: I-I can't believe it.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar!
Daniel Darby: Joestar acknowledged in his mind
that he'd already lost the bet!
Daniel Darby: That's why his soul emerged.
Daniel Darby: I, D'Arby, have won this bet!
Joseph: Polnareff, I'm sorry.
Holly, I might not be
able to save you, after all.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar!
Jotaro: Old man!
Daniel Darby: That's two!
Now, then. Let us continue gambling.
Daniel Darby: As long as you two don't abandon
these two and run away with your Ntails between your legs, that is.
Avdol: You bastard!
Daniel Darby: You don't learn, do you?
Daniel Darby: If you kill me, these two souls will die, as well.
Avdol: Damn it!
Jotaro: Avdol, stop!
guy: Hey! If you're going to make trouble, NI'll have to ask you to leave!
Jotaro: Shut it. Stay out of this.
guy: Yes, sir!
Jotaro: You realized it too late, Jotaro.
Avdol: Is there something wrong with the glass?
Jotaro: This is how one more coin went in.
Jotaro: There was a tiny bit of chocolate Non the bottom of the glass's outside.
Jotaro: Before they started the game,
Jotaro: he asked to inspect the glass and coins,
and that's when he stuck it on.
Daniel Darby: I believe you were aware that
if it's not discovered in time,
you can't call it cheating.
Avdol: Wh-What do you mean?
How is a bit of chocolate Nthe reason the coin fit?
Jotaro: It's melted now,
but until a moment ago, it was Nsolid at the bottom of the glass.
Jotaro: He used just enough so we wouldn't notice,
but the glass was propped up so it would tilt.
Jotaro: Once it melted, the surface became level.
Jotaro: Even though the surface tension was at its limit,
Jotaro: he made it so at least one more coin would fit.
Avdol: Wh-What?!
Avdol: B-But...
Could chocolate actually melt
with such convenient timing?
Jotaro: He melted it using the sun's heat.
I didn't notice.
Jotaro: He went to the right side of the table
so the sun's rays would directly hit Nthe glass and melt the chocolate.
Jotaro: Fine.
D'Arby, get your trump card ready.
We'll finish this with poker.
Avdol: J-Jotaro!
Daniel Darby: How interesting!
Poker is one of the games I'm best at!
Avdol: Poker? This man just beat Mr. Joestar!
Avdol: I-It's too dangerous!
Jotaro: I know.
He's not violent,
but he's still more dangerous than Nany other Stand user we've met so far.
Jotaro: But...
Jotaro: I can't afford not to do this.