Joseph: They're coming out of the tunnel!
Joseph: Oh! D'Arby is ahead!
Joseph: He's ahead by a car length!
Terrence Darby: My speed will be doubled.
Terrence Darby: I have won!
Kakyoin: No!
You have less power left than me, D'Arby!
Kakyoin: Which means...
Joseph: Kakyoin's #28...
Joseph: spun and knocked D'Arby's car off the course!
Joseph: And it was going at 850 kilometers per hour!
Joseph: He's out of the course!
Joseph: Kakyoin's #28 safely landed.
Joseph: Yes!
Kakyoin: The one with less power goes flying.
Kakyoin: It seems you were wrong to think 
that losing power wouldn't matter.
Kakyoin: You didn't realize that I intentionally
dropped a length behind you,
Kakyoin: so I could knock you off the course.
Terrence Darby: Really?
Terrence Darby: It's you who didn't realize.
Terrence Darby: Losing power was all part of my plan.
Terrence Darby: I lost power on purpose so you'd 
push my car off the course!
Terrence Darby: This battle isn't over yet!
Terrence Darby: Look at the direction my machine is flying!
Kakyoin: What?!
Joseph: I-It flew over the curve and landed 
further ahead on the course!
Kakyoin: I-Impossible!
Terrence Darby: That's right. Normally, it's impossible.
Terrence Darby: Even at 850 kilometers per hour, once you're
off the course, you crash into the ground.
Terrence Darby: You could never reach the
next part of the course.
Terrence Darby: But Kakyoin, if you were to slam into me,
it would become possible.
Terrence Darby: I just needed you to send me flying!
Terrence Darby: It was all part of my plan to reduce
my power, then have you hit me.
Terrence Darby: Now, then...
Terrence Darby: Shall we continue the race, Kakyoin?
Jotaro: Don't admit defeat, Kakyoin!
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Terrence Darby: I now hold his soul in my hands.
Terrence Darby: He has just admitted defeat.
Terrence Darby: He admitted within his heart that 
it was pointless to continue this race.
Terrence Darby: But Kakyoin, you are the first 
to ever make me sweat like this.
Terrence Darby: This doll is now an especially
valuable part of my collection.
Terrence Darby: He is the first opponent to
overcome his fears and not make any mistakes
due to mental weakness.
Joseph: K-Kakyoin!
Terrence Darby: I shall treasure it,
and take very good care of it.
Terrence Darby: Now, now.
I'd like to warn you against 
attacking me in retaliation.
Terrence Darby: No, not just attacking me.
Terrence Darby: If I were to slip on a banana 
peel and hit my head,
Terrence Darby: or choke on a piece of gum,
Terrence Darby: or die of a heart attack from the bang 
of an inflated popcorn bag being popped,
Terrence Darby: Kakyoin's soul would pass on
to the realm beyond this life.
Joseph: J-Jotaro?
Terrence Darby: Oh?
Joseph: Hey, Jotaro! Why are you sitting down?
Joseph: I'll defeat him! I'm next!
Jotaro: Old man, have you played any one of 
these games more than Kakyoin has?
Jotaro: Stay out of this, old man.
Jotaro: This isn't like playing cards or hanafuda.
Jotaro: Next is baseball.
Jotaro: I want you to play this baseball game with me.
Jotaro: I'll wager my soul.
Terrence Darby: Good. And I shall wager Kakyoin's.
Terrence Darby: I have retrieved my Stand 
Atum's arm from your arm.
Terrence Darby: Now that I have Kakyoin's soul,
there's no point in holding 
on to your arm anymore.
Terrence Darby: It would put my Stand at a disadvantage
Terrence Darby: to fight you with only one arm.
Terrence Darby: Your Star Platinum's movements are 
extremely fast and super precise.
Terrence Darby: But to think that you'd pick this baseball game...
Terrence Darby: This is the game I'm best at.
Joseph: D'Arby! As soon as you lose 
to Jotaro, I will finish you.
Remember that.
game: Oh! That's A Baseball!
Joseph: There is no trickery in this game.
I've confirmed that.
Terrence Darby: First, please pick your team.
Jotaro: The Jaguars.
game: Jaguars!
Terrence Darby: I see.
So you've chosen a team with a strong offense.
Terrence Darby: Two of your players have
batting averages over .400.
Terrence Darby: Then I shall choose the Red Dragons.
game: Red Dragons!
Terrence Darby: Would you like to bat first 
or second? Take your pick.
Jotaro: First.
Terrence Darby: Very well. The Jaguars are up first.
Terrence Darby: You can draw your own characters
to input as the players.
Terrence Darby: This is Star Platinum.
Terrence Darby: Input. Now, let us play ball!
game: Jaguars versus Red Dragons.
umpire: Play ball!
Terrence Darby: I've chosen #15 to be my pitcher,
since I was born on January 5th.
Terrence Darby: Here I go.
game: The pitcher is winding up.
game: The first pitch!
Joseph: What?!
umpire: Strike!
Joseph: H-Hey, Jotaro. What did you just do?
Joseph: You swung the bat before the
ball even left the pitcher's hand!
Joseph: H-Hey, Jotaro... Why do you 
keep taking practice swings?
Joseph: Don't tell me... Could it be that you...
Joseph: Have you played this baseball game—No,
Joseph: have you ever played any video game before?
Joseph: Answer me, Jotaro!
Jotaro: Whatever. I know the rules for baseball.
Jotaro: I'll figure out the controls as I go.
Joseph: Wh-What?!
Joseph: That ridiculous, terribly-timed swing!
The way you're working the controls...
Joseph: This is your first time playing any game, isn't it?!
umpire: Strike two!
Joseph: This time, you swung the bat 
after the ball hit the mitt!
You're a total amateur!
Joseph: God damn it, Jotaro!
Joseph: You've never played a
video game before, have you?!
umpire: Strike! Batter out!
Joseph: Stop messing around, Jotaro!
Joseph: Why are you putting on that attitude?!
Joseph: You wagered your own soul! 
You can't back out now!
Jotaro: Good grief.
Jotaro: You should be supportive at times like this.
Jotaro: "It's just the first inning. 
You've only just started.
You can do it, Jotaro." Like that.
Joseph: What are you thinking?
Even with your Star Platinum's 
super precise movements,
Joseph: did you think you could beat him with
no knowledge of video games at all?
Joseph: What are you thinking, Jotaro?
Joseph: What on Earth are you thinking?!
Terrence Darby: Jotaro...
Terrence Darby: Let me warn you that if, on the other hand,
this is some plan to trick me 
by acting like an amateur,
it's not going to work.
Terrence Darby: No matter the situation,
I never let down my guard.
Terrence Darby: Once my opponent has wagered 
his soul, even if he is an infant,
I would give my all to defeat him.
Jotaro: Old man.
Jotaro: I'm not thinking about anything.
Jotaro: Except...
Jotaro: about breaking that asshole's nose,
as he sits there so certain that he'll 
never lose to anyone in this game.
Jotaro: I'm only seriously thinking about 
getting Kakyoin's soul back.
Terrence Darby: You can say what you'd like...
Terrence Darby: But it's still the top of the 
first inning with one out.
Terrence Darby: Let us continue the game.
Terrence Darby: Please don't forget that if one of us
takes an eleven-point lead, 
the game will be called.
game: Second batter, #3.
umpire: Strike!
Joseph: Th-This can't be happening!
Joseph: This time, the ball was at
least 40 centimeters away
from where he swung the bat!
umpire: Strike two!
Joseph: Not even close!
umpire: Strike! Batter out!
Joseph (internal): It's no use.
The difference in ability is too obvious.
Joseph (internal): At this rate, it's as if a tea ceremony club,
where nobody's ever held a bat,
decided to challenge a championship team.
Joseph (internal): It's too pathetic.
umpire: Strike!
umpire: Strike two!
Darby The Yonger(internal): It seems he truly is an amateur. He's too weak!
Darby The Yonger(internal): I think I now understand how a judo master feels
when he can gauge his opponent's strength simply
from how he puts on his gi.
Darby The Yonger(internal): When it comes to video games,
Jotaro is indeed an amateur.
Darby The Yonger(internal): But I will never let my guard down.
Darby The Yonger(internal): I've memorized the weaknesses of 
all the batters in this game.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Next will be a low pitch to the outside.
Darby The Yonger(internal): I'll throw my ultimate screwball and strike 
out all three without a single run.
Terrence Darby: Top of the first, two outs, 
two strikes and no balls.
Terrence Darby: Here comes my next pitch.
Jotaro: Go ahead.
I've pretty much learned how to bat now.
Darby The Yonger(internal): What? What did he just say?
Darby The Yonger(internal): "How to bat"? What?
Darby The Yonger(internal): Did he just say "pretty much learned"?
Darby The Yonger(internal): What is he talking about? What does he mean?!
Darby The Yonger(internal): What?!
Joseph: Jotaro!
Jotaro: Good. This game is pretty fun.
Joseph: H-Hey, don't tell me...
Joseph: It's still going. The ball is still in the air!
Darby The Yonger(internal): What did he say just now?!
Darby The Yonger(internal): "I've pretty much learned how to bat now."
Darby The Yonger(internal): Learned? Did he just say learned?!
Joseph: I-It's fair!
Joseph: Y-You're kidding! You're kidding me!
game: Home run!
Joseph: Home run! A home run!
Terrence Darby: Jotaro! You bastard!
Terrence Darby: Jotaro!
Terrence Darby: What did you just say?
"Learned"? "I've pretty much learned 
how to bat"? Is that what you said?!
Jotaro: There's no reason for me to say it again.
Darby The Yonger(internal): He was, without a doubt, a beginner.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Is he saying that he managed to learn
the controls by swinging eight times?
Darby The Yonger(internal): Jotaro Kujo has Star Platinum, 
who has the power of super precise movement.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Now I know exactly why
Lord DIO sees him as a problem, 
and why my brother lost.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Interesting. This is how my opponents should be.
Darby The Yonger(internal): And you exposed this fearsome
characteristic of yours in the top of 
the first inning, right after we started...
Darby The Yonger(internal): You'll eventually regret that.
Terrence Darby: Let us continue the game, Jotaro.
Joseph: He did it!
Joseph: It's fair! It's fair!
Joseph: He got another home run!
Joseph: Now it's four to nothing in the top of the first.
Joseph: Looks like you've got the 
hang of this game, Jotaro.
Joseph: Keep this up! Keep it up!
Joseph: Hey, D'Arby.
I'm sure you don't want to hear this,
but I'll say it as a kindness.
Joseph: If you return Kakyoin's soul 
right now and take us to DIO,
Joseph: we'll spare your life.
Terrence Darby: My brother was a master at gambling,
Terrence Darby: and a master at cheating.
Terrence Darby: Yet he never said to me, "Brother, 
why don't we play a game of poker?"
Terrence Darby: Not even once.
Terrence Darby: Do you know why that is?
Terrence Darby: When I was fifteen, 
my brother hit on my girlfriend.
Terrence Darby: I beat the shit out of him, 
even though he was ten years older.
Terrence Darby: I broke his ribs and kicked him 
until he vomited blood.
Terrence Darby: To that, all my brother
had to say was, "I'm sorry."
Terrence Darby: Do you know why?
Joseph: What are you getting at, you bastard?
Terrence Darby: My brother knew ever since we were children 
that he had no way of beating me.
Terrence Darby: He knew there was a reason he couldn't win.
Terrence Darby: And now, it appears as if Jotaro is getting 
excited and really taking off with this game.
Terrence Darby: However, he's uncertain,
just like my brother was as a child.
Terrence Darby: He's uncertain about my abilities.
Terrence Darby: "Nah, it couldn't be. Or wait, maybe..."
That's what he's been thinking.
Terrence Darby: Right, Jotaro?
Joseph: What the hell are you talking about?
Terrence Darby: I'm changing pitchers! I'll switch #15 for #77.
Terrence Darby: #77 is a fastball pitcher, whose fastest pitch clocks in at 165 kilometers per hour.
Terrence Darby: And I will declare what kind 
of pitch he will throw.
Terrence Darby: #77 will now throw
a forkball straight down the middle.
Joseph: What?! He just declared his pitch?
Terrence Darby: He will throw a forkball right down the middle.
Terrence Darby: Will you believe me or not?
Joseph: Jotaro, he's just playing mind games with you.
Don't let him declaring a pitch get to you.
Jotaro: Throw, D'Arby.
Terrence Darby: Will you believe me or not?
Joseph: Here it comes! It's coming 
straight down the middle!
Joseph: It's a straight!
Joseph: But is it going to remain a straight?!
Joseph: Will it fall or not?
Joseph: He swung! Jotaro bet on the forkball!
Joseph: But it's not falling! It's staying straight!
Joseph: He caught the bottom of the ball!
umpire: Out!
game: Top of the first, three outs! Change!
Joseph: How could you be so stupid?!
You actually believed him
Joseph: and swung for a forkball!
Jotaro: No.
Jotaro: He was certain that I would swing for a forkball,
so he changed it to a straight fastball.
Jotaro: As he said, ever since we entered
this mansion, I've been uncertain.
Jotaro: He somehow knew that Star Platinum 
would throw a right punch.
Joseph: I-Impossible! So are you telling me
Joseph: that he's reading your mind?
Terrence Darby: Next is the bottom of the first.
It's my turn on offense.
Terrence Darby: This is a declaration that I will hit a home run.
Terrence Darby: I shall hit the ball you throw into the left stands.
Jotaro: Old man. You're certain that the game
and console aren't rigged in any way, right?
Joseph: There's no chance of that.
Joseph: And I've been keeping my eye 
out for any kind of cheating.
Jotaro: That means the secret lies with his Stand.
Jotaro: It doesn't just take souls.
It has some kind of secret power.
Jotaro (internal): The course of action I'll take is...
Jotaro (internal): This should tell me something.
Joseph (internal): What?! He's going to try to 
hit the batter on purpose?
Terrence Darby: Where might you be aiming to throw? Inside?
Terrence Darby: Will it be high?
Terrence Darby: Or low?
Terrence Darby: Are you planning some sort of trick?
Joseph: What?! He dodged at the same
time as the pitch was thrown!
Joseph: H-He read that! He perfectly read it!
Joseph: There's no way he could have done 
that without reading Jotaro's mind.
game: Home run!
Terrence Darby: That's one run.
Joseph: I-Impossible.
Joseph (internal): We've met all kinds up until now,
but we've never seen a 
Stand that could read minds.
Joseph (internal): If it can read minds, then will no 
amount of intelligence or power
Joseph (internal): s-stand any chance against it?
Joseph (internal): Wh-What are you going to do, Jotaro?!
Joseph: Damn it! H-He's declaring another home run.
Terrence Darby: Will the next one be outside?
Terrence Darby: And low?
Terrence Darby: Or will it be a straight?
game: Home run!
Terrence Darby: Four to two.
Joseph (internal): By analyzing various data 
and the situation you're in,
Joseph (internal): you can figure out how an 
opponent's mind works, to an extent.
Joseph (internal): But this Stand can anticipate the 
ball's course with perfect precision.
Joseph (internal): And he's not cheating!
Joseph (internal): Another home run! It's four to three!
Joseph (internal): How can we stop him from reading our minds?
How?
Terrence Darby: I'm going to turn this around soon.
Terrence Darby: Now, will the next one be inside?
Terrence Darby: Down the middle? High? A changeup?
Terrence Darby: I wonder where it'll go.
Joseph: Your hat...
Terrence Darby: Heh, you fool.
Do you think I'm using underhanded 
methods, like my brother?
Joseph: Jotaro, that's not it!
Hiding behind your hat won't help.
Joseph: He's not reading the reflection 
of the screen in your eyes.
Joseph: And it's not a trick where 
he's listening to your fingers
as they push the buttons to figure 
out what you're going to do.
Joseph: I've been watching him. 
That's not what's going on.
Jotaro: This is the first time I've 
sweat or bled in a while.
That's why I took it off.
Terrence Darby: I'd like you to hurry up 
and throw your next pitch.
Jotaro: But I don't think I have to 
worry about sweating anymore.
Jotaro: I'm going to declare my pitch.
Jotaro: It's going to be a straight, 
high to the outside.
Terrence Darby: What?
Joseph: Wh-What? What did you just say, Jotaro?!
Jotaro: You heard me.
Are you so old that your 
hearing's gone, old man?
Jotaro: I said I was going to declare my pitch.
Jotaro: I'll throw a straight, high to the outside.
Joseph: Jotaro!
Jotaro: Will you believe me or not?
Terrence Darby: Are you stupid?