Jotaro: Before we get started,
there's something I want to try.
Jotaro: Shuffle those cards.
Daniel Darby: They're shuffled.
Daniel Darby: What now?
Jotaro: It doesn't matter which one,
Jotaro: but pick a card from anywhere 
near the deck's top and flip it.
Jotaro: Only show yourself the card.
Daniel Darby: Okay, I've looked.
Jotaro: I'll tell you which card it is: the six of hearts.
Jotaro: I'll name the cards in order from the top.
Jotaro: Five of spades, queen of diamonds, 
jack of spades, ace of hearts...
Jotaro: Seven of diamonds, six of clubs, 
king of clubs, two of diamonds.
Avdol: That's correct!
But D'Arby's the one who shuffled...
Avdol: How did you...?
Jotaro: I can name all of the cards,
in order, from top to bottom.
Jotaro: My Star Platinum was able to see the order 
of the cards as they were being shuffled.
Daniel Darby: That's very interesting.
Daniel Darby: But that just means I have to make sure 
you don't see me shuffling the cards.
Jotaro: Don't you get it?
This means you won't be able to cheat.
Jotaro: I just wanted to let you know that.
Daniel Darby: Good.
narator: The security seal.
An unbroken security seal
means that no one has ever touched these cards.
Jotaro: There's one joker.
Jotaro: I don't see anything unusual.
Jotaro: They're ordinary playing cards.
Darby The Elder (internal): I'm at 538...
Darby The Elder (internal): 540... No, 556 pages.
Darby The Elder (internal): I'm at my best again today.
Darby The Elder (internal): I can figure out which page 
I'm on just by the feel.
Darby The Elder (internal): Jotaro's Star Platinum may 
indeed have impressive eyes.
Darby The Elder (internal): But I, D'Arby, can memorize by touch.
Darby The Elder (internal): Even when I shuffle the cards,
I know exactly where each is going.
Daniel Darby: Okay! Open the game!
Daniel Darby: Ten of hearts.
Jotaro: Seven of clubs.
Daniel Darby: Looks like I'm the dealer.
Darby The Elder (internal): I'd better shuffle at an angle 
Star Platinum can't see them from.
Daniel Darby: Cut, if you please.
Daniel Darby: And now, I shall deal.
Daniel Darby: To Jotaro, to me, to Jotaro, to me...
Avdol: Wh-What?! What happened?!
Avdol: Jotaro, his finger!
Avdol: Star Platinum just broke D'Arby's 
finger out of the blue!
Jotaro: I told you.
I won't let you get away with cheating.
Avdol: What? Cheating? When?
He was just dealing the cards...
Avdol: He didn't make any suspicious moves.
Jotaro: No. Take a good look at 
the cards in his left hand.
Avdol: The second card is sticking out...
Jotaro: That's the card he just tried to give me.
Jotaro: He made it look like he was
dealing in order from the top,
Jotaro: but he was actually trying to give 
me the second card from the top.
Jotaro: That means...
Jotaro: The card on top would have gone to him.
Jotaro: He would've had three tens with that card.
narator: This technique is called second dealing.
narator: It takes advantage of the assumption 
that the cards are dealt from the top.
narator: Instead, this advanced technique
deals the second card from the top.
narator: When done by the nimble 
fingers of a professional,
narator: it's impossible for the human eye to keep up.
narator: And in addition, D'Arby is a man who
can memorize the position of every card.
Daniel Darby: Wh-What a horrible man. Breaking my finger...
Jotaro: No, I'm being forgiving. 
I could've just cut your finger off.
Jotaro: Good grief. I can't trust you to shuffle the cards.
Jotaro: Let's have someone who's not playing deal.
Jotaro: Let's ask the boy on top of that hill.
Daniel Darby: Good.
Jotaro: Avdol, could you bring him here?
Avdol: All right.
Daniel Darby: Impressive...
Daniel Darby: To cheat, one must take advantage 
of psychological blind spots.
Daniel Darby: You need more than sharp eyes 
to see through cheating.
Daniel Darby: It seems I underestimated you, since you saw
through my second dealing.
Daniel Darby: I shall accept what happened to 
my finger as punishment for that.
Daniel Darby: And now, I shall dedicate all I have 
to playing this game with you, Jotaro.
Daniel Darby: This is my biggest game since May 17th, 1986.
Daniel Darby: At that time, I won eight properties
from a Japanese man named
Shozo Mayama, along with his soul.
Daniel Darby: He was a rich man, and a very strong man.
Daniel Darby: You see, I'm not facing you for Lord DIO's sake.
Daniel Darby: I'm facing you because I'm a born gambler.
Avdol: Wh-What are you planning to do with 
Mr. Joestar and Polnareff's souls?!
Daniel Darby: I have split their souls into six chips each.
Daniel Darby: In poker, if you believe that your 
cards are no match for your opponent's,
Daniel Darby: you're allowed to fold.
Daniel Darby: But you must ante up some chips 
to participate in each hand,
so two will not be enough.
Daniel Darby: When you're able to collect all six chips,
you'll have acquired one complete soul.
Daniel Darby: Understood?
Daniel Darby: Now then, Jotaro. I'd like to give 
you some chips to bet, as well,
Daniel Darby: but I haven't heard you say a certain line yet.
Jotaro: Fine. I'll bet my soul.
Daniel Darby: Good!
Avdol: Jotaro...
Daniel Darby: The chips that are as white 
as snow represent your soul.
Daniel Darby: Once I take six of those from you,
Daniel Darby: you will lose your soul.
Daniel Darby: I will use one of Polnareff's 
chips as my opening ante.
Daniel Darby: Let us begin!
narator: In poker, each player is dealt five cards.
Players may discard cards for new ones 
one time in hopes of strengthening the hand.
narator: But once gambling is involved,
narator: it becomes a complex psychological game.
Daniel Darby: Now, I shall discard two cards.
Daniel Darby: Jotaro, your soul is represented 
by a mere six chips.
Daniel Darby: Make sure you consider your moves carefully.
Avdol: Boy, you don't need to 
understand what's going on.
Avdol: Don't worry about a thing. 
Just shuffle and deal the cards normally.
boy: O-Okay...
Jotaro: I'll take three cards.
Daniel Darby: My, my. What a frightening expression.
You must have a very good hand.
Daniel Darby: Maybe I should play it safe 
and bet just one Polnareff.
Jotaro: Call.
Avdol (internal): If neither one folds, they'll need 
at least three chips per hand.
Daniel Darby: All right! It's game time, Jotaro!
Jotaro: Two pair, nines over eights.
Daniel Darby: I'm so sorry.
Daniel Darby: Two pair, queens over jacks.
Daniel Darby: That was close. I almost lost.
Daniel Darby: So then...
Avdol (internal): H-He's only got three chips left.
Avdol: J-Jotaro...
Jotaro: Next hand. Deal.
Daniel Darby: It might not just be the next hand, but your last.
Daniel Darby: I'll draw one card.
Daniel Darby: What's the matter, Jotaro?
Hurry and look at your cards, 
and decide whether
Daniel Darby: you'll bet or fold.
Avdol: Jotaro?
Jotaro: I'll...
Jotaro: keep my cards as they are.
Avdol: What?!
Daniel Darby: Ah, forgive me, but...
Daniel Darby: What did you say?
Did I hear you wrong?
I thought I heard you say that
you would keep your cards.
Jotaro: You heard right. I'm keeping my cards.
Jotaro: I'll play with these five cards.
Daniel Darby: I understand that!
Daniel Darby: I'm asking if you intend
to play those cards without looking at them.
Jotaro: These cards are fine.
Daniel Darby: You can't be serious! Answer me!
How can you play cards you haven't even seen?!
Jotaro: By the way, Avdol, I have a request.
Avdol: A request?
Avdol: R-Right. Of course, but why 
aren't you looking at your cards?
Daniel Darby: I told you to answer me, Jotaro!
Jotaro: In addition to my last three chips...
Jotaro: I'll wager Avdol's soul.
Daniel Darby: Wh—
Daniel Darby: What?!
Avdol: D'Arby, you're a calm man. 
Every move you make is calculated.
Avdol: You may not be powerful,
but you are truly strong.
Avdol: I am not a man suited to gambling, 
as I easily become emotional.
Avdol: If I played you, I would most likely lose.
Avdol: But I believe in Jotaro.
Avdol: I'm not sure what his unseen cards mean,
Avdol: but if Jotaro has asked me to wager, 
I shall do so in total faith.
Avdol: Even if that wager is for my soul.
Daniel Darby: Well, this is...
Daniel Darby: You've both been overwhelmed by excitement.
You aren't thinking straight.
Daniel Darby: Boy!
Daniel Darby: I said I was changing one card. Hurry it up.
boy: O-Okay...
boy (internal): Mr. D'Arby, I did just as you said.
boy (internal): I gave this Japanese guy useless 
cards that won't amount to anything.
boy (internal): My skill never fails.
boy (internal): You will win. There's no doubt about it.
Darby The Elder (internal): Jotaro, I'm sure you thought you picked 
a boy who had nothing to do with this,
Darby The Elder (internal): but not only are all of the people in the 
café working for me, so is everyone in view.
Darby The Elder (internal): That includes the owner and those men, too.
Darby The Elder (internal): No matter who deals, I can't fail!
As I commanded, Jotaro's cards are worthless.
Darby The Elder (internal): Since he made the abnormally bold 
decision not to look at his cards,
I had to panic for a moment...
Darby The Elder (internal): But it's a bluff! How dare 
he try bluffing against me?
Darby The Elder (internal): Does he actually think I'll fold? What a fool...
Daniel Darby: Hmph. Very well.
In addition to your three, 
I'll call with all six of Polnareff's chips.
Daniel Darby: But on top of that...
Daniel Darby: I shall raise you all six of Joestar's chips.
Daniel Darby: That brings the total to fifteen.
Avdol: What?
Avdol: Wh-What?! Hold on a minute!
Jotaro doesn't have any more chips to wager!
Daniel Darby: What are you talking about? Of course he does.
Avdol: What do you mean?
Daniel Darby: Well, for proof, I'll need you to write this down.
Daniel Darby: Then my Stand will be able to work.
Avdol: What are you talking about?
Daniel Darby: You have the soul of Kakyoin, 
who's still in the hospital.
Avdol: What?!
Darby The Elder (internal): Now, time to be frightened!
You're going to lose even more confidence!
Darby The Elder (internal): I'll see your cool facade crumble 
right before my eyes!
Darby The Elder (internal): How dare you try to bluff me, D'Arby?
Darby The Elder (internal): I won't be satisfied until I see
Darby The Elder (internal): your poker face collapse 
into terror when you lose!
Jotaro: Fine.
Jotaro: I shall wager Kakyoin's soul, too.
Avdol: J-Jotaro!
Y-You're wagering the soul
of a man who isn't even here!
Jotaro: Is that going too far?
Daniel Darby: Hey, Jotaro! What did you just do?!
Jotaro: What did I do? What are you talking about?
Daniel Darby: You just lit a cig—
Jotaro: Is something the matter? 
Are you not feeling well?
Darby The Elder (internal): Th-This little...
Darby The Elder (internal): His confidence! He couldn't possibly...
Darby The Elder (internal): Could he have used Star Platinum to 
switch the cards while I wasn't looking?
note: I, Jotaro Kujo,
will wager my friend Noriaki Kakyoin's soul,
and offer it if I lose. 
—Jotaro Kujo
note: I, Jotaro Kujo,
will wager my friend Noriaki Kakyoin's soul,
and offer it if I lose.
—Jotaro Kujo
Darby The Elder (internal): S-Stupid brat!
Don't cast that worried look in my direction!
Darby The Elder (internal): If they find out you're working for me, I'll kill you!
Darby The Elder (internal): You fool! Damn it!
Darby The Elder (internal): I have four kings in my hand.
Darby The Elder (internal): The only hands stronger than that
are four aces, a straight flush,
and five aces, using the joker.
Darby The Elder (internal): If Jotaro, who didn't even look at his cards,
got any of those hands,
Darby The Elder (internal): it could only happen after 
replacing all five cards.
Darby The Elder (internal): No matter how fast Star Platinum may be,
Darby The Elder (internal): could he have possibly switched out not only one,
but all five cards without me noticing?
Darby The Elder (internal): Of course not! There's no chance in hell!
Darby The Elder (internal): There's no way he could have switched
all five cards under the eyes
of the undefeated D'Arby!
Darby The Elder (internal): All right, Jotaro! Let's do this!
How dare you try to bluff with that cigarette?!
Daniel Darby: Y-You've got a drink?! When did you...
Daniel Darby: Y-You bastard! How dare you underestimate me?!
Daniel Darby: Very well, let us do this!
Daniel Darby: My cards are—
Jotaro: Hold it.
Jotaro: I still have the right to raise.
Avdol: What?!
Daniel Darby: R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-Raise?!
You don't have anything left to wage—
Jotaro: I raise you my mother's soul.
Daniel Darby: What?!
Avdol: You mother?! Jotaro, Ms. Holly's soul...
Jotaro: I came to Egypt to save my mother.
Jotaro: So if I wager her soul, she won't complain.
Jotaro: But, D'Arby, you'll have to 
match my mother's soul.
Jotaro: For that...
Jotaro: I'll have you tell me the secret of DIO's Stand!
Avdol (internal): His demeanor...
He must know the secret of DIO's Stand.
Avdol (internal): But traitors will be killed.
Avdol (internal): If he speaks,
Avdol (internal): it means that D'Arby's life is good as over.
Avdol (internal): Jotaro... If you're that confident,
Avdol (internal): you must be sure to win, right?
Avdol (internal): I can believe that, right?
Your cards are that strong, right, Jotaro?!
Jotaro: Well? Do you bet or not?
Let's hear you say it loud and clear, D'Arby!
Darby The Elder (internal): I'll say it!
Daniel Darby: I'll say it, damn it!
Darby The Elder (internal): I'll say it!
Darby The Elder (internal): I'm the greatest gambler in the world!
Darby The Elder (internal): I'll take this bet! I'll call!
Darby The Elder (internal): Call, call, call, call, call, 
call, call, call, call, call...
Darby The Elder (internal): I'm going to call!
Ca—
Daniel Darby: C— C— Ca— C— C-C-C—
Darby The Elder (internal): I-I can't! I'm terrified! I can't speak!
Darby The Elder (internal): I'm so scared, I c-c-can't speak!
Daniel Darby: C-C-C-C...
Darby The Elder (internal): I-I can't... I can't breathe...
Daniel Darby: C-C-C-C-Ca—
Ca—
Avdol: This guy... H-He passed out!
boy: He's standing, but he's unconscious!
Jotaro: He got so nervous, he passed out.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar and Polnareff's souls 
are coming back! We're saved!
Jotaro: He gave up on the wager in his heart.
Jotaro: He admitted defeat, so their souls were released.
Avdol: F-Four of a kind!
H-His hand was a four-of-a-kind with kings!
Avdol: J-Jotaro, what in the world was your hand?
boy: I-I knew it...
boy: All of the cards I dealt him were worthless!
Jotaro: Even Star Platinum wouldn't be
able to cheat someone like D'Arby.
Jotaro: I managed to scare him so much, he folded,
Jotaro: but with such a worthless hand...
Jotaro: Good grief. If I had known,
I would have freaked out.
Avdol: F-Freaked out?
Jotaro, you wagered all 
that on worthless cards?!
Avdol: It appears his collection has 
been freed to cross over, as well.
Daniel Darby: Come on, everyone! Let's all play mahjong!
Daniel Darby: Backgammon is a lot of fun, too, 
and dice games are thrilling.
Daniel Darby: Though I'll beat you all!
narator: Osiris's D'Arby has retired.
Avdol: I don't think we'll be able to 
get DIO's secret out of him now.
Jotaro: Yeah. But he was a strong enemy.
He almost beat all four of us by 
himself. He's really something.
Avdol: Yes, he was truly terrifying.
Polnareff: I'm not sure what's going on, but yeah.
Joseph: We didn't get to look good at all this time.
