narator: The loathsome curse of DIO...
narator: Even the Speedwagon Foundation's doctors,
narator: who have the latest medical technologies,
narator: stand powerless before DIO's curse.
narator: In order to save Holly, Jojo and 
crew head toward faraway Egypt.
narator: In order to avoid danger,
narator: they travel by sea rather than air,
narator: heading first to Singapore.
Joseph: To get from Hong Kong to Singapore,
Joseph: we'll be on the water for three full days.
Joseph: Well, let's relax and keep our spirits up.
Joseph: But seriously, guys...
Joseph: Can't you do something
about those school uniforms?
Joseph: You're going to continue 
our journey wearing those?
Joseph: Isn't it ridiculously hot?
Kakyoin: Well, we are students...
Kakyoin: And students should behave as students.
Kakyoin: But I suppose that sounds like a stretch...
Jotaro: Hmph.
Joseph: Hmph! Japanese students are such stiffs.
Avdol: I see... so this is Bushido.
Avdol: Once you clear your mind, 
even fire seems cool.
Polnareff: But you know, girls won't fall for stiffs like you.
Anne: Let go! Let go of me! You big lug!
guy: Shut up!
Anne: Damn it, let me go! Let me go!
guy: What a little brat.
Joseph: Hey, what's going on?
Joseph: I thought we agreed there'd 
be no passengers on our boat.
Anne: Let go!
guy: I'm sorry. It's a stowaway.
guy: This brat was hiding in storage down below.
Joseph: A stowaway?
Anne: Come at me if you're gonna!
Anne: I'll kick your balls in!
guy: I'll turn you in to the naval police.
Anne: What? The police?!
Anne: P-Please. Let me go!
Anne: I just want to go see my dad in Singapore.
Anne: I'll do anything!
You can work me as hard as you want!
guy: Let's see. What should I do?
guy: Should I let you go?
guy: What should I do?
Anne: P-Please!
guy: What should I do?
Anne: Ow!
guy: I'm not gonna let you go after all. Hell no.
guy: First, I'm gonna go let the 
Captain know, so come wit—
Polnareff: Whoa! He jumped in! Talk about energetic.
Kakyoin: Is he planning to swim to shore from here?
Joseph: What should we do?
Jotaro: Just leave 'im.
Jotaro: I'm sure he dove in because 
he's a confident swimmer.
guy: Th-This isn't good! 
Sharks gather around these parts!
Kakyoin: This isn't good!
Joseph: Hey, you brat! Come back!
Joseph: Get back here! It's dangerous!
Polnareff: There are sharks!
Those waters are shark-infested!
Anne: Huh?
Jotaro: Good grief, you little brat.
Jotaro: You're...
Jotaro: A girl?
Jotaro: And a little runt of one, at that.
Anne: H-How dare you grab my chest like that?!
Anne: Damn it!
Jotaro: Good grief.
Joseph: J-Jotaro! Below you!
Joseph: Something's attacking from underwater!
Joseph: It's not a shark! It's really fast!
Joseph: Jotaro! Hurry!
Joseph: Hurry and swim to the boat!
Avdol: I-It's too far.
Kakyoin: If it's at that distance, leave it to me.
Kakyoin: Hierophant Green!
Polnareff: I-It disappeared! It's a Stand!
Polnareff: That thing is a Stand!
Avdol: A seafaring Stand...
Avdol: I don't believe I've ever 
even heard of such a thing.
Joseph (internal): This girl... Sh-She couldn't be...
Polnareff (internal): Could she be that Stand's user?
Kakyoin(internal): Could she have led Jojo into the 
shark-infested ocean on purpose?
Anne: Wh-What's with you jerks,
Anne: all glaring at me like that?!
Anne: I don't know what's going on,
Anne: but do you want a fight?!
Anne: Don't underestimate me! I'll take you on!
Anne: One-on-one!
Anne: Face me, one-on-one!
Anne: You little shits!
Polnareff (internal): She can't be serious.
Polnareff (internal): Maybe we should toss
her back into the ocean.
Kakyoin(internal): Don't be rash.
Kakyoin(internal): If she was really an ordinary stowaway,
Kakyoin(internal): she'd have been eaten by sharks.
Joseph (internal): I've already checked the 
ten people on this boat.
Joseph (internal): I don't know who it could be,
other than this girl.
Joseph (internal): Isn't there a way we can 
find out who she really is?
Avdol: Hey, how's DIO doing?
Anne: DIO? What the hell is that?
Polnareff: Don't act like you don't know,
you little brat!
Anne: You damn punks!
Anne: Do you want to talk to me,
or do you want to get stabbed?
Anne: Which is it?!
Anne: This demon's blade is telling me that it wants
Anne: the blood of its 340th victim already.
Anne: What's so funny, you stupid grunt?!
Kakyoin: Grunt?
Kakyoin: You know, I really don't think it's her.
Joseph: Yes, but...
Captain: So is this girl our stowaway?
Joseph: Captain.
Captain: I'm pretty harsh when it comes to stowaways.
Anne: O-Ow... Ow...
Captain: You may be a girl,
but if I go easy on you,
Captain: we'll just get more and more stowaways.
Captain: We're gonna hold you in
Captain: one of the rooms below
deck until we get to port.
Joseph: Captain, I'd like to ask you something.
Joseph: You've verified the identities of 
all ten of the men on board, right?
Captain: Of course.
Captain: All of them are veterans 
who have been on this boat
Captain: for over ten years.
Captain: I'm not sure why you're so worried about that.
Captain: By the way...
Captain: I request that you refrain
from smoking aboard this ship.
Captain: What did you plan to do with the 
ashes and butt after you're done?
Captain: Were you planning on throwing 
it into the beautiful ocean?
Captain: You're a guest on this ship,
but I'll have you follow her rules,
Captain: Mr. Outlaw.
Captain: Got it?
Jotaro: Hold it.
Jotaro: If you're going to put it out, just put it out.
Jotaro: Don't be a condescending
prick about it, you jackass.
Joseph: Hey, Jotaro! Don't be rude to the captain!
Joseph: You're the one at fault.
Jotaro: I'm very aware that I'm being rude.
Jotaro: He isn't the captain... I just figured it out.
Jotaro: He's the Stand user!
Joseph: Wh...
all: What?!
Captain: Sta... nd?
Captain: What might that be...?
Avdol: That's inconceivable, Jotaro.
Avdol: Captain Tennille came recommended with 
verification by the Speedwagon Foundation.
Avdol: He's someone we should trust.
Avdol: There is a 0% chance that he's a Stand user.
Captain: Hold on, a Stand? I have no
idea what you're talking about...
Polnareff: Jojo, random guesses will only 
make things more confusing!
Kakyoin: Do you have any proof, Jojo?
Jotaro: I've found a way to differentiate 
Stand users from other people.
Joseph: What?!
Jotaro: That is...
Jotaro: If a Stand user inhales even a 
little bit of cigarette smoke,
Jotaro: a vein pops up on the tip of their nose.
Anne (internal): What the hell are they all doing?
Polnareff: You can't be serious, Jotaro!
Jotaro: Yeah, I'm lying.
Jotaro: But it looks like we've found the idiot.
Joseph: Jotaro, how did you know he was suspicious?
Jotaro: Actually, I didn't think he was at all.
Joseph: Huh?
Jotaro: But I planned to try this
with all of the men on board.
Captain: You're cold. Damn, but you're cold.
Captain: You're right. I'm not the captain.
Captain: The real captain is already sleeping with the
Captain: fishes at the ocean's bottom back in Hong Kong.
Jotaro: Then you can sleep at the bottom of Hell!
all: Damn it!
Anne: I-I can't move...
narator: Trouble on the water! 
Lies and betrayal!
narator: The Moon card, which suggests 
fear of the unknown.
narator: Its name: Dark Blue Moon!
Captain: If I tried to take five of you at once,
even I'd break a bone or two,
Captain: so I was going to hide my identity 
and take care of you one by one...
Captain: But if you've figured me out, 
I guess I have no choice.
Captain: I'll have to take on all five of you!
Captain: Getting my hands on this girl is a sign
Captain: that my luck is changing for the better!
Captain: I'm going to jump into these 
shark-infested waters with her.
Captain: Of course, you guys will end up following us in.
Captain: If we fight in the water,
Captain: where I have the advantage,
I can beat all five of you.
Jotaro: Don't underestimate me by taking a hostage!
Jotaro: Don't think that I, Jotaro Kujo, 
will be shaken by this!
Captain: Underestimate? No, this is a prediction!
Captain: I hear that your Stand,
Star Platinum, is pretty damn fast.
Captain: I'm not trying to brag,
Captain: but my Dark Blue Moon
is pretty fast in the water.
Captain: It can swim more elegantly 
than any fish in the sea!
Captain: Why don't we test them out?
Captain: Follow me... if you're prepared to
choke to death on all the seawater
Captain: you're about to swallow.
Captain: H-He attacked faster than we 
could fall... That's impossible...
Jotaro: You're the only one who's
going to choke on seawater.
Jotaro: Avdol, say something.
Avdol: You tried to out-predict me, a fortune teller...
Polnareff: ...but it's ten years too early for you.
Polnareff: He's drifting away.
Polnareff: He sure talked up his Stand's powers,
Polnareff: but it looks like he was just an idiot.
Joseph: Jotaro, what's wrong?
Hurry and lift up the girl!
Joseph: What's wrong, Jotaro?!
Jotaro: D-Damn it... I'm being pulled in...
Avdol: Th-These are...
Kakyoin: Acorn barnacles!
The crustaceans called acorn barnacles!
Joseph: They're all over Star Platinum's 
arm and on the side of the boat!
Jotaro: He's still planning on fighting.
Jotaro: He attached them to me earlier,
when I hit him.
Jotaro: They keep multiplying!
Jotaro: My Stand's strength is being drained...
Joseph: H-He suddenly disappeared.
Joseph: The captain, he's nowhere to be found!
Joseph: Jotaro! Bring in your Stand!
Jotaro: I can't,
Jotaro: which is why I'm sweating way 
more than I want to right now!
Avdol: Jojo!
Joseph: Jotaro!
Kakyoin: Jojo!
Joseph: C-Crap!
Kakyoin: Th-This isn't good!
Captain: Welcome! Welcome!
Captain: So you've finally come to where 
Dark Blue Moon reigns supreme,
Captain: the undersea realm.
Captain: It's a bad idea to underestimate me, boy.
Captain: Even in the ocean,
Captain: the Stands can still communicate, so go ahead.
Captain: Try to sound all cocky, like you did earlier.
Captain: Go ahead, boy!
Jotaro: So what do you want to be?
Jotaro: Tell me what kind of fish dish you want to be.
Jotaro: Fish cakes? Or maybe sashimi?
Jotaro: I'll make a meal out of your Stand.
Captain: You fool... You're trying to sound tough, boy,
Captain: but inside, this is what you're thinking:
Captain: "How long can he stay underwater?"
Captain: "I can probably last about two minutes,
Captain: but can he last longer than me?"
Captain: Let me answer you.
Captain: My lung capacity is three times 
greater than a normal person's!
Captain: And I've trained them.
Captain: My best time underwater is 
6 minutes and 21 seconds!
Captain: I'm sure you're getting dizzy 
just hearing that number.
Captain: And!
Captain: Dark Blue Moon's fins are
Captain: underwater cutters that move 
sharper than a ship's propeller!
Captain: Before you get overconfident again,
Captain: take a good, hard look at your Stand!
Captain: The acorn barnacles I attached to it will 
keep absorbing your power to propagate.
Captain: I'm sure you can feel your power draining away.
Captain: Trying to run away by swimming back up?
Captain: Take a good look around you!
Captain: Haven't you realized that 
Dark Blue Moon has been
Captain: creating an underwater whirlpool, boy?
Captain: Swim! Swim!
Captain: It's gonna get harder to breathe,
Captain: and your power is still draining!
Captain: But it's too early to kill a
Captain: self-absorbed little brat like you just yet!
Joseph: I-It's been too long!
He's still not coming up!
Avdol: A whirlpool!
Avdol: There's a giant whirlpool!
Polnareff: Where the hell is Jojo?!
Kakyoin: Let's go save him!
Kakyoin: Th-These are scales!
Kakyoin: Th-That guy's Stand has 
scales as sharp as razors!
Avdol: There are countless scales 
swirling in that whirlpool.
Avdol: He wasn't bluffing when he
said he could beat all five of us.
Avdol: That whirlpool is like a watery ant lion pit!
Avdol: It's very possible we could all die if we dive in.
Jotaro: H-His scales?
Captain: And now I'm going to guess 
what you're thinking next!
Captain: "In a whirlpool, only one spot stays still."
Captain: So mundane!
Captain: "It's the center!"
Captain: "If I jump into the center 
where he is, I can attack him."
Captain: That's what you're thinking, isn't it?
Captain: If you think you can hit me 
with that punch of yours again,
Captain: come at me.
Captain: Come at me with your worthless Stand,
Captain: its power drained by the acorn barnacles.
Captain: See if you can manage an attack
Captain: that's even sharper than these 
underwater cutters, boy!
Avdol: C-Curses... It's too reckless to act.
Kakyoin: It's Jojo!
Kakyoin: I could see Jojo in the whirlpool!
Polnareff: This isn't good!
Polnareff: He was limp!
Joseph: Limp? He wasn't struggling at all?
Joseph: That might be a good thing.
Avdol: What?
Captain: How dare you say you were 
going to turn me into sashimi?!
Captain: The one that's going to be 
sliced up like sashimi is...
Star Platinum: Star Finger!
dark: Wha...
Jotaro: The one who was turned
into sashimi was you, after all.
Captain: Blub, blub, blub, blub...
Jotaro: What's that? I can't hear you 
very well since we're underwater.
Jotaro: Speak up!
Captain: But your power was being drained...
Captain: You let yourself go limp on purpose
Captain: to concentrate your power in your fingers...
Captain: Th-That's what you were thinking...
Jotaro: Nope. What I was thinking was...
Jotaro: If you pissed yourself when you lost,
Jotaro: it'd be gross since we're in the water,
Jotaro: old man.
Kakyoin: Jojo!
Joseph: That's my grandson for you!
Joseph: Well done, Jotaro! Hurry and come u—
Polnareff: Th-That captain had
planted some bombs after all!
Polnareff: Damn it!
Avdol: Hurry up and get the emergency boats out!
Joseph: We'll signal a nearby boat for help!
Joseph: Have some water.
Joseph: We've sent signals for help, 
so someone should be here soon.
Anne: I don't know what in the world is 
going on, but who are you people?
Joseph: We're hurrying along a journey, just like you.
Joseph: Though you're on a journey to see your father,
Joseph: while I'm on one for my daughter.
Joseph: Hey! That's our precious water!
Joseph: How dare you spit it out?!
Anne: N-No... E-E...
Anne: E-E-E-E-E...
Anne: Everyone, look!