Kakyoin: So noisy...
Kakyoin: What is this place?
Kakyoin: It's an amusement park!
Kakyoin: I've never been here before.
Kakyoin: Wh-What am I doing lounging
around on a ferris wheel?
Kakyoin: Something's wrong.
Kakyoin: I'm sure we were traveling through 
the Saudi Arabian desert by camel...
Kakyoin: But everyone's gone.
Kakyoin: Am I by myself?
Kakyoin: Still, something's strange.
Kakyoin: There are no children in this amusement park,
Kakyoin: but I keep hearing a baby crying.
Kakyoin: I wonder where it is...
Kakyoin: Th-This card is...
Kakyoin: Death 13!
Kakyoin: The card is moving!
Polnareff: Kakyoin! Kakyoin!
Polnareff: Come on, give me a break!
Polnareff: Stop freaking out and shaking
the bed like you're in The Exorcist.
Polnareff: You scared me to death.
Kakyoin: Where are we?
Polnareff: Don't ask dumb questions.
Polnareff: Come on, get up already.
Polnareff: Once we eat, we're flying outta here.
Polnareff: Today looks like another hot one.
Kakyoin: I had a terrifying dream.
Kakyoin: It was truly terrifying.
Polnareff: Ooh, what did you dream about?
Polnareff: Let's hear it!
Kakyoin: Well, I can't remember. I've forgotten it all.
Polnareff: What?
Kakyoin: Anyway, it was terrifying.
Kakyoin: You saved me when you woke me up.
Polnareff: Man, don't say weird stuff like that.
Polnareff: We're leaving. Hurry up and get ready.
Kakyoin: My hand is cut.
Kakyoin: When did that happen?
Polnareff: Jotaro and Mr. Joestar have
already headed to the plane.
Polnareff: We're gonna travel 500 kilometers today.
boy: My dog!
boy: My dog... is dead!
boy: Who would do such a thing?!
Kakyoin: A dog...?
Kakyoin: A dog...
Kakyoin: I could have sworn I saw a dead dog not long ago...
Polnareff: It's awful, but it has nothing to do with us.
Polnareff: Let's go.
Joseph: Hey, hey, hey, hey...
Joseph: Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hold on a sec, Mister.
Joseph: Whaddya mean you can't sell us the plane now?
Joseph: You said last night you'd sell it,
and even took my money.
guy: I'll return your money.
guy: You see, the baby's sick. It's a 39°C fever.
Joseph: Huh?
guy: There's no doctor in this town, so we 
have to take the baby somewhere else.
Joseph: Th-Then how about the plane over there?
guy: That one's broken.
guy: The others are out and
won't be back any time soon.
Polnareff: What's up? Some kind of argument?
Jotaro: Yeah.
Kakyoin: A baby...
Kakyoin: A baby, a baby...
Kakyoin(internal): I seem to recall hearing a baby cry...
Kakyoin(internal): But I can't remember where...
guy: The plane will be back tomorrow night.
guy: I can sell it to you after that.
Joseph: Tomorrow night?
Joseph: Someone's life is on the line for us, too.
Joseph: We can't afford to spend two days lollygagging.
guy: Then are you going to let that baby die?
Joseph: Well...
lady: Um, how about this?
lady: Let's leave the baby with these gentlemen,
lady: who can visit the doctor on their way.
Joseph: Uh, but that's...
lady: The Cessna only carries four.
lady: But there's room enough for a baby.
Kakyoin(internal): I could swear I just saw it smile...
Kakyoin(internal): And it already has teeth...?
lady: You sure, lady? You wanna
leave the baby with these guys?
Joseph: H-Hold it. That's also a problem!
Joseph: It's dangerous for a baby to come with us.
Joseph: I said this would be dangerous...
Polnareff: Don't worry, Mr. Joestar.
Polnareff: No one would send their
Stand after us in the air...
Polnareff: We even made sure the
plane itself wasn't a Stand.
Jotaro: I'm more worried about the Old 
Man's flying than enemy Stands.
lady: Oh, thank goodness. What a relief.
lady: By the way... I wonder whose baby that was.
guy: You're not its mother?
lady: I found it by the well this morning.
lady: But somehow, that baby's voice made me dizzy,
lady: and made me think it needed to be on that plane.
guy: Wha...
Polnareff: I always get so tired when I get on a plane...
Polnareff: Sorry, Mr. Joestar, but I'm 
gonna nap for about 30 minutes.
Joseph: Sure.
Polnareff: The hell is this?!
Polnareff: K-Kakyoin, what is this place?!
Polnareff: Where's Mr. Joestar? And Jotaro?!
Kakyoin: The dream I had this morning is continuing.
Kakyoin: We're inside the dream!
Polnareff: What? A dream?
Kakyoin: Yes.
Polnareff: Oh! So this is just a dream.
Polnareff: What a relief. A dead dog 
isn't scary if it's just a dream.
Kakyoin: Polnareff, what are you saying?
Polnareff: Dreams are only scary
because you think they're scary.
Polnareff: Come on, relax.
Kakyoin: You're wrong! How could we 
both have the same dream?!
Polnareff: You've got a point. It's kinda weird,
Polnareff: but that could happen in a dream.
Polnareff: Whoa! How did this happen?
Polnareff: This is both convenient and lucky!
Polnareff: See? If you think they're fun,
dreams become fun.
Kakyoin: Listen! You saw this dog's
corpse this morning, didn't you?
Kakyoin: This dog must have had the same dream I did.
Kakyoin: It was killed in the dream!
Kakyoin: That's also when my hand was cut.
Polnareff: By who?
Kakyoin: The enemy's Stand, Death 13!
Polnareff: The enemy's Stand?
Kakyoin: Yes.
Polnareff: Oh, you had a dream about Stands?
Polnareff: Come on, relax already.
Kakyoin: No! It wasn't a dream about Stands.
Kakyoin: A Stand was in my dream!
Polnareff: Right. So this is a dream, yeah?
Kakyoin: You're so dense!
voice: Lali-ho! Talk about a big idiot!
voice: For pity's sake...
voice: I'm saying that you're slow, Polnareff!
Polnareff: I-It's coming from the dog's wound...
voice: Lali-ho! You're in the Death 
God's world of dreams, Polnareff!
Polnareff: A megaphone...?
Polnareff: Wh-What the hell is that?
Kakyoin: Polnareff, get ready to battle! That's Death 13!
Polnareff: W-Wor—
Kakyoin: Come forth, Hierophant Green!
Kakyoin: Come out, Hierophant!
Polnareff: Chario—
Kakyoin: Hierophant isn't coming out!
I can't summon him!
Polnareff (internal): Chariot isn't coming out!
Kakyoin: Is it because we're inside a dream...?
death 13: Lali-ho! Don't you think it's romantic, 
being able to die in a dream?
death 13: Lali-ho!
Joseph: J-Jotaro, do you feel that?
Jotaro: Yeah. I feel it.
death 13: Are you stupid?
death 13: You know that only a Stand 
can defeat a Stand, don't you?
death 13: It's time for your eternal sleep, Polnareff.
death 13: Lali-ho...
Kakyoin: Polnareff!
death 13: Die!
Joseph: Polnareff.
Joseph: Wake up, Polnareff.
Joseph: Polnareff, the baby's wet himself.
Joseph: Change his diaper.
death 13: Curses! Someone must have woken him up.
death 13: He's quite lucky.
death 13: Lali-ho. Well, that's fine.
death 13: As soon as he wakes up,
his memory of this is gone.
death 13: I'll just have to get him
when he falls asleep again.
death 13: Then, Kakyoin, I guess you're first.
death 13: Lali-ho!
Joseph: Hey, are you awake, Polnareff?
Joseph: The diaper! Change the diaper!
Polnareff: All right...
Polnareff: I feel like I had a terrifying dream...
Polnareff: But I don't remember what 
happened in it. I've forgotten...
Joseph: Once you've changed his diaper,
Joseph: you can go finish that dream.
Joseph: I won't wake you up again.
Polnareff: H-Hold on a second!
Polnareff: This kid's crapped his diaper!
Polnareff: Look! Just look at this!
Joseph: Well, he's a baby.
That's why he's wears diapers.
Polnareff: Seriously?! You're serious about this?!
Polnareff: I had no idea! What a vile creature...
Polnareff: Man, it's all over the place...
Joseph: Stop yapping and change it already.
Joseph: It stinks.
Polnareff: Aren't you embarrassed?
Hurry up and become an adult.
Polnareff: Does this work?
Polnareff: Well, I say it's good.
Jotaro, hold on to the edge there.
Polnareff: I'm going to pin it.
Jotaro: Right. Like this?
Polnareff: Hey, hold on to the baby.
death 13: Lali-ho!
Kakyoin: Stop! Stop it!
Jotaro: What's the matter, Kakyoin?
Polnareff: Hey!
Joseph: What's going on?
Kakyoin: Stop! Stop! Stop it!
Joseph: Crap!
Joseph: I can't control it!
Jotaro: Hey, are we going to crash?
Kakyoin: Stop!
Polnareff: Kakyoin, what the hell is wrong?
Polnareff: He was like that this morning, too!
Joseph: Whatever, just calm him down.
Jotaro: Old man, hurry up and regain control!
Jotaro: We're going to crash!
death 13: Hey, Kakyoin, calm down.
death 13: We're about to crash because of you.
death 13: Lali-ho.
death 13: Talk about a rough sleeper.
You're gonna kill my user at this rate.
Kakyoin: Y-Your user is that baby?
Kakyoin: I-I can't believe it...
Kakyoin: He's only about six months old...
death 13: Eleven months. Eleven months!
death 13: I'm a genius. A genius!
death 13: I may crap in my diapers, but I 
know a lot more than you guys.
death 13: Lali-ho!
death 13: Now you won't be able to scream anymore.
Kakyoin(internal): A Stand within a dream...
Kakyoin(internal): I have to let Mr. Joestar and 
Jotaro know of this somehow...
Polnareff: What are you doing?
Jotaro: Hurry up and level us out.
Joseph: Stop fussing! I'm a man who doesn't know panic.
Joseph: I'm working on that right now!
Kakyoin: I'm not waking up...
death 13: Lali-ho. Looks like no one's going 
to notice if you're cutting your arm
death 13: with a knife that's smaller than my wee-wee.
death 13: Besides, you can hurt yourself all you want 
in a dream, but it won't wake you up.
death 13: As long as you're asleep,
I control your mental energy.
death 13: Death 13 is a Stand that enters
the unguarded mental state of sleep.
Kakyoin(internal): Damn it. Stop!
Jotaro: What's wrong, old man?
Jotaro: We're crashing!
Joseph: I'll control it with Hermit Purple!
Joseph: I did it!
Joseph: I got control back just in time!
Polnareff: A close one...
death 13: Looks like we managed to avoid crashing.
death 13: Those guys are dangerous.
death 13: Now then... how about I kill you 
by crushing that heart of yours?
death 13: Then Joestar and the others will just 
think that you had a heart attack.
death 13: Die! Kakyoin!
Joseph: Did you all see that?! How do 
you like my flying now, huh?!
Jotaro: Hey.
Joseph (internal): Wh-Why is there a palm tree out here?!
Jotaro (internal): Good grief... So...
Jotaro: This is actually happening?
Polnareff: Is this enough?
Joseph: Yeah, thanks.
Polnareff: We survived, but...
Polnareff: Kakyoin, what's going on?
Polnareff: This is all your fault.
Kakyoin: I don't know...
Kakyoin: I feel like I might have had a terrifying dream.
Kakyoin: When I woke up, I was dead tired.
Kakyoin: Is there something wrong with me?
Joseph: Cheer up. I'm sure you're just too tired.
Joseph: It's been about a month since we left Japan,
Joseph: and the enemy's been 
attacking nonstop ever since.
Jotaro: Hey. Looks like the baby's fever's gone down.
Joseph: Thank goodness he's safe.
Joseph: If we lost him, I don't know what we'd do.
Joseph: Peek-a-boo!
Joseph: Peek-a-boo!
Joseph: Such a cute smile!
Polnareff: What's so funny about that? 
It's not even a joke or anything.
Polnareff: What an idiot.
baby(internal): Shut it. I'm getting tired of humoring this guy, too.
Jotaro: Hey, Old Man. The radio's not busted.
Jotaro: What should we do?
Should we send out an SOS?
Jotaro: That'll mean DIO can find us, but...
Joseph: It can't be helped. Let's call for rescue.
Joseph: We'll do it for the baby.
Kakyoin: I thought something hurt... 
There's blood again.
Kakyoin: Did I cut it when we crashed?
Kakyoin: What? The cuts form letters.
Kakyoin: Baby... Stand?
Kakyoin: That's what it says...
Kakyoin: Wh-What does that mean? 
It's my handwriting.
Kakyoin: I can't remember...
Kakyoin: Did I do this to myself?
Kakyoin: There isn't any blood on my knife,
Kakyoin: but it seems it was done with this blade.
Kakyoin: Did I forget something really important?
baby(internal): Damn it. I heard they were clever...
baby(internal): But he actually carved letters
baby(internal): into his arm while cutting himself...
Kakyoin(internal): What was that look in the baby's eyes?
Kakyoin(internal): And as soon as our eyes met,
he consciously looked away.
Kakyoin(internal): Baby...
Kakyoin(internal): Stand...?
Kakyoin: Baby... Stand.
Kakyoin(internal): Did something really happen to my mind?
Kakyoin(internal): I'm starting to think...
Kakyoin(internal): that this baby is really a Stand user!
Joseph: Hey, Kakyoin! What are you doing?
Joseph: Come on, that's too rough.
Joseph: You could strangle him doing that. 
What's wrong with you?
Kakyoin: M-My apologies...
Joseph: There, there, it's all right.
Joseph: Let's get something to eat.
Joseph: I'm sure you'll calm down once you eat.
Polnareff: Hey, Jotaro. It looks like 
Kakyoin's really losing it.
joseph: There, there, everything's okay.
Polnareff: I wonder if he's gonna make it through this trip.