Jotaro (internal): Saudi Arabia,
Jotaro (internal): approximately 8,800 kilometers from Japan.
Jotaro (internal): It's been around four weeks since we left.
Jotaro (internal): If we don't hurry, there'll be serious trouble.
Jotaro (internal): Kakyoin...
Polnareff: Hey, Jotaro.
Polnareff: What do you think is up with Kakyoin?
Polnareff: He was flailing around in his sleep on 
the plane, and now he looks like this.
Polnareff: He even went after the baby.
Polnareff: Something's wrong with him.
I think he's at his wit's end.
Polnareff: I don't know if he can continue this journey.
baby(internal): I panicked back there, thinking
Kakyoin had figured out who I am...
baby(internal): But now, Kakyoin's half-doubting himself.
baby(internal): And we're in the middle of the desert.
baby(internal): Now, I just have to wait
until they're all asleep.
baby(internal): If there's no one to wake them up...
Polnareff: That smells great. What are you making?
Joseph: Baby food.
Joseph: This is milk, egg yolks, bananas, 
and bread all stewed together.
Joseph: Here. Want a taste?
Polnareff: It's good!
Polnareff: I could totally go for this!
Give me more! More!
Joseph: Hey, now. There won't
be any left for the baby.
baby(internal): You bastard! Don't eat my food!
baby(internal): I'm hungry! Hurry up and feed me!
baby(internal): A—
A scorpion!
baby(internal): Th-This isn't good!
baby(internal): That was close...
baby(internal): C-Crap!
baby(internal): Kakyoin was watching.
Kakyoin(internal): He killed the scorpion.
Kakyoin(internal): Th-That baby really is...
baby(internal): Sh-Shit!
Joseph: That's all you get.
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar, Polnareff, did you see that?!
both: Huh?
Kakyoin: That baby isn't normal after all!
Kakyoin: He just killed a scorpion!
Kakyoin: In the blink of an eye!
He stabbed it with a safety pin!
Polnareff: Kakyoin, hold on.
What are you talking about?
Kakyoin: That is not a normal baby!
Kakyoin: He's not even a year old,
but knew what a scorpion was...
Kakyoin: And he killed it with those tiny hands!
Joseph: A scorpion?
Joseph: Where?!
Kakyoin: In here!
Kakyoin: The dead scorpion on the pin should be in here.
Kakyoin: I-It's not here...
Kakyoin: B-But it's true!
Kakyoin: Where'd you hide it?!
Kakyoin: Is it in your clothes?!
Joseph: We got it, Kakyoin! That's enough! Stop!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: I said this earlier, but you're tired.
Joseph: Let's talk again tomorrow morning, 
after you've calmed down.
Joseph: Okay, open wiiide! It's dewicious!
Joseph: Oh? That's strange. I'm sure you're 
hungry, but you don't want any?
Joseph: Say "ah."
baby(internal): S-Stop it!
There's a reason I can't eat right now!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar! I'm sure of it now!
Kakyoin: I don't know where he hid the scorpion,
but he's a Stand user!
Kakyoin: And I have the very thing to prove that!
Kakyoin: Look at the wound on my arm!
At what it says!
Kakyoin: This is a warning.
This must be a wound I got in my sleep.
Joseph: Oh, my God!
Jotaro: Kakyoin, did you do that to yourself?
Kakyoin: Eh?
Polnareff: K-Kakyoin, you've finally...
Joseph: Oh, my God!
baby(internal): That big idiot!
baby(internal): Didn't you realize that if you showed
them that, they'd think you were a fool?!
Kakyoin(internal): D-Did they misunderstand me even more?
Kakyoin(internal): A-At this rate... I have no other choice.
Kakyoin: I'll have to use force!
Kakyoin: Hierophant Green!
Polnareff: It's no use. He's totally lost his mind.
Kakyoin(internal): I-Impossible. I-I'm certain, Jotaro...
Kakyoin(internal): His Stand was the one in our dreams, Polnareff.
Kakyoin(internal): We can't fall asleep, Mr. Joestar.
Kakyoin(internal): Please, believe me. Everyone...
If we fall asleep, we'll be killed.
Please, believe me. Believe in me...
baby(internal): Yes! I got away without being found out!
baby(internal): You guys lose!
You lost to your own disbelief in your friend!
It's my victory, you fools!
Polnareff: I can't believe it...
Polnareff: So Kakyoin can't fight or travel with us anymore?
Joseph: We'll figure out what to
do with him in the morning.
Joseph: Let's go to bed.
Joseph: Polnareff, help me move Kakyoin.
Polnareff: Sure thing.
Joseph: Jotaro, bring the sleeping bags.
Jotaro: Yeah.
Joseph: Did you say something?
Polnareff: Not really. He's just heavy.
baby(internal): Now I can slice you all up and scatter 
your remains all over the desert!
joseph: I see.
Joseph: Why are we in sleeping bags at an
amusement park, like a bunch of idiots?
Polnareff: That's right!
Polnareff: Th-This is...
Polnareff: Jotaro! Mr. Joestar! Be careful!
Polnareff: I-I remember now.
Polnareff: W-We're inside a dream.
Polnareff: It's terrifying!
Polnareff: This is a world of nightmares!
Joseph: Oh, so it's just a dream. 
Then I'm just gonna relax.
Polnareff: Don't have the same reaction I did!
Polnareff: Listen! What Kakyoin was saying is true!
Polnareff: Baby. Stand.
Polnareff: We're in enemy territory.
Polnareff: I know it's hard to believe,
but the Stand user is that baby!
baby(internal): There's no one to wake you up now.
baby(internal): So there's absolutely no way 
for you to escape Death 13's world.
baby(internal): Now I'll finally finish you all.
Polnareff: Since I made Kakyoin pass out,
Polnareff: he should already be somewhere in this world.
Polnareff: We have to find him!
Polnareff: Where are you, Kakyoin?
Polnareff: I have to apologize to him.
Joseph: P-Polnareff, what's with your hairstyle?
Joseph: Did you mess up styling it?
Polnareff: Eh?
Joseph: Polnareff!
Jotaro: What?
Joseph: M-My...
My artificial hand!
Joseph: Holy shit!
Polnareff: How are we supposed to fight this?
Polnareff: How?!
Polnareff: A-Anything can happen here.
There are no rules or logic.
Polnareff: It's a world where we're at his mercy!
Polnareff: Wait. There was just one rule.
Polnareff: The thing that'll
Polnareff: slice us into little pieces
Polnareff: is his Stand,
and his Stand alone!
death 13: Lali-ho!
death 13: Lali-ho!
Jotaro: Star...
Polnareff: It's no use, Jotaro!
We can't bring our Stands into the dream world!
Jotaro: ...Platinum!
Polnareff: Th-That's odd... His Stand appeared.
death 13: Lali-ho! I'm a fake!
death 13: This overwhelming power! This absolute fear!
death 13: It's so much fun!
death 13: A Stand is spiritual energy.
death 13: And dreams are the spirit unguarded!
death 13: Death 13 has surrounded that unguarded spirit,
death 13: and that's why you can't summon your Stands!
death 13: Although...
death 13: If you had
death 13: summoned your Stands before you fell asleep,
death 13: you could have brought them with you,
like the clothes you're wearing,
the sleeping bags, and the artificial hand.
death 13: Death 13 will never have to face another Stand!
death 13: And the only thing that can
defeat a Stand is another Stand,
death 13: so I'll always win!
death 13: Now...
death 13: How about you give me a scream?
One that symbolizes how happy and
refreshed I feel at my easy victory!
death 13: Lali-...ho?
Hierophant Green: Lali-ho!
death 13: Oh, it's just the fake one I made.
death 13: Wh-What?!
Impossible!
death 13: This one's not a fake!
death 13: This is the real Hierophant!
Joseph: It's back!
Polnareff: It's Kakyoin!
Polnareff: Kakyoin's right there!
Kakyoin: When I lost consciousness earlier,
did you forget that I had Hierophant out?
Kakyoin: I had Hierophant hide underground 
before I fell asleep.
death 13: Help me!
Kakyoin: Now, it's time for your punishment, baby.
baby D-Damn it!
death 13: Let go!
Kakyoin: Stop, Death 13!
Kakyoin: He's completely in your blind spot.
Kakyoin: If you keep resisting...
Kakyoin: Even if you're just a baby,
your neck will be broken.
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Joseph: Kakyoin. We owe you an apology.
Polnareff: I thought you might have become weak-minded.
Polnareff: I couldn't believe in you.
Polnareff: You were fighting this battle alone...
Polnareff: I'm sorry.
Kakyoin: No, Polnareff. It couldn't be helped.
Kakyoin: I only figured out a way to bring my Stand
with me into the dream after you hit me.
Kakyoin: So in a way, this is all thanks to you.
Polnareff: R-Really?
Polnareff: I-I can't help but feel a bit conflicted.
Polnareff: I'm kind of ashamed...
baby(internal): He's holding back because I'm a baby...
baby(internal): Kakyoin, your naiveté will cost your life!
baby(internal): You're still inside my nightmare world!
Polnareff: Hey, what's with the clouds?
Joseph: The clouds... are moving strangely,
Joseph: and coming closer!
Kakyoin: Don't try anything funny,
Death 13!
Jotaro: Kakyoin! Get Hierophant away from his back!
Kakyoin: What?
death 13: I'll chop you in half!
Kakyoin: I-Impossible!
Kakyoin: He chopped himself...
in h-half.
three: Kakyoin!
death 13: Lali-ho!
death 13: Didn't you realize it?
Death 13's body is actually hollow!
death 13: Death 13 is just the head,
arms, and the giant scythe.
death 13: You enormous fools!
baby(internal): Let's see.
Kakyoin's body should also be
split in two inside the sleeping bag.
Kakyoin: Just kidding!
three: Kakyoin!
Joseph: Y-You're all right?
Kakyoin: Please look closer.
Kakyoin: My Hierophant isn't so careless 
as to stay on his back forever.
baby He's not chopped in half!
baby He's taken on a string-like form...
baby And he's crawling into my ear!
death 13: M-My arm is moving on its own...
death 13: It's coming in...
Kakyoin: I told you!
He was in your blind spot,
so your scythe couldn't touch him.
Kakyoin: Now, if you don't wish to
be destroyed from within...
Kakyoin: How about you heal this wound on my arm?
Kakyoin: Anything can happen in dreams,
Kakyoin: so I'm sure you can heal a cut, right?
death 13: R-Right...
Kakyoin: All right, everyone. Wake up!
Kakyoin: Polnareff, wake up! Breakfast is ready!
Polnareff: I feel like I had a terrible dream...
Joseph: Same here.
Joseph: I can't remember it,
but I still feel like it was terrifying.
Polnareff: Kakyoin!
Polnareff: A-Are you all right?
Kakyoin: What do you mean?
Polnareff: Wh-What do I...
Polnareff: You were totally deranged last night!
You even carved letters into your arm...
Polnareff: H-Huh?
Polnareff: The wound is gone?
Kakyoin: Now, I'll just go change the baby's diaper.
Polnareff: Huh?
Kakyoin: Come on, it's morning.
Polnareff: He seems to be getting along with the baby,
so maybe I was just dreaming...
Kakyoin: So... Did you sleep well?
Polnareff: Oh, well!
Kakyoin: Everyone has forgotten.
Kakyoin: A Stand whose existence is completely forgotten...
Kakyoin: What a unique Stand.
Kakyoin: But I remember.
Kakyoin: I'm the only one who brought 
a Stand into the dream.
Kakyoin: Listen. Because you're a baby,
I won't mortally wound you,
or injure you at all.
Kakyoin: We'll take you to a nearby town.
Kakyoin: You need to go back to your mother.
Kakyoin: But don't ever come near us again.
Kakyoin: If you do, I'll punish you.
Kakyoin: Just like this...
baby(internal): My poop?
Joseph: Oh, Kakyoin.
You even made some baby food?
Kakyoin: I did.
Joseph: Let's see. I'm sure you must be hungry by now.
baby(internal): Hey, no... You wouldn't...
Joseph: Come on, it's dewicious! Open wiiide!
Joseph: Oh, this again? I wonder what 
he's got against this stuff....
Joseph: At this rate, I'll have to force-feed him.
baby(internal): Stop!
Polnareff: Hey, Mr. Joestar.
Polnareff: If you force him, he'll just hate it more.
Polnareff: In cases like this...
Polnareff: Coochie-coochie-coo... Coochie-coochie-coo...
Coochie-coochie-coochie-coochie-coo...
Joseph: See? Isn't it delicious?
Kakyoin: Ba-dum-tss.
narator: Joestar and the others have now 
crossed the Arabian Peninsula,
narator: and are currently crossing the 
Red Sea, about to enter Egypt.
narator: But!
Jotaro: Hey, old man. Something's not right.
You're going the wrong way.
Jotaro: Shouldn't you be heading directly west, to Egypt?
Jotaro: You seem to be heading toward that island.
Joseph: Yeah, that's right. I have my 
reasons for not telling you before,
Joseph: but before we enter Egypt, we need to 
make a slight detour and meet someone.
Joseph: He's a man who's extremely 
important to this journey.
Polnareff: An important man...?