Joseph: What are you doing, Kakyoin?
Kakyoin: I've got it.
Kakyoin: I've figured out a way to reveal 
what DIO's Stand truly is.
Joseph: What?!
narator: Whenever Noriaki Kakyoin sees his
Hierophant Green, this is what he remembers.
teacher: Your little Noriaki doesn't try 
at all to make friends.
teacher: It's not that the other kids don't like him.
He just doesn't open up to anyone.
teacher: As his teacher, I'm very concerned.
mom: I'm his mother, yet I still
don't know why he's like that.
Kakyoin(internal): Ever since I was a child, I thought
Kakyoin(internal): that living in a city means 
meeting a lot of people.
Kakyoin(internal): But even in an entire lifetime,
how many people meet others they can truly 
understand, and who understand them?
Kakyoin(internal): My classmates' address books are 
filled with their friends' names.
Kakyoin(internal): There must be about fifty friends in each.
Maybe even a hundred.
Kakyoin(internal): My mother has my father,
and my father has my mother.
Kakyoin(internal): But I'm different.
Kakyoin(internal): I'm sure rock stars and people on TV
have tens of thousands of friends.
Kakyoin(internal): But I'm different.
Kakyoin(internal): I probably won't ever have someone
who sees me for who I am.
Kakyoin(internal): Because I don't have a 
single friend who can see
my Hierophant Green.
Kakyoin(internal): It's impossible for
those who can't see him to understand me.
Kakyoin(internal): Until I met Mr. Joestar, Jotaro, 
Polnareff, and Avdol,
Kakyoin(internal): I felt that way all the time.
Kakyoin(internal): I wonder why I get goosebumps
when I think about Avdol and Iggy.
Kakyoin(internal): Perhaps because they were
the first friends I shared
a common goal with.
Kakyoin(internal): This journey to defeat DIO...
Kakyoin(internal): Even though it lasted only a few weeks,
Kakyoin(internal): they became friends I
could truly connect with.
narator: Noriaki Kakyoin looks at 
Hierophant Green and thinks:
Kakyoin(internal): I'll make him invisible to everyone, 
just like he used to be.
Kakyoin(internal): Yes, to reveal DIO's true 
identity and defeat him,
I'll make his presence completely disappear.
Polnareff: Hey, Jotaro!
Polnareff: That car's crushed to pieces.
Jotaro: Up there.
Jotaro: The old man and DIO are on the rooftops.
DIO: Only Kakyoin and Joseph are before me.
DIO: I see.
DIO: They split up so they could 
attack from both sides.
DIO: So Jotaro and Polnareff must
intend to attack me from behind.
DIO: How useless.
DIO: This is...
DIO: Kakyoin's Hierophant!
DIO: Hierophant's barrier!
DIO: This is...
Kakyoin: That's right!
Kakyoin: Hierophant's barrier, which 
activates when touched,
completely surrounds you for 
20 meters in every direction!
Kakyoin: Now I can sense both your 
movements and The World's!
Kakyoin: Take this, DIO! 20-meter 
radius Emerald Splash!
DIO: You fool. You shall soon know
DIO: that The World's true power is, indeed,
the power to reign over this world!
Kakyoin(internal): Bring out your Stand, DIO!
DIO: The World!
Joseph: What?! Kakyoin!
Joseph: He was suddenly blown away!
Joseph: Impossible!
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Kakyoin(internal): Wh-What... just happened?
Kakyoin(internal): Did he beat me?
Kakyoin(internal): It's no use. I think my injuries are fatal.
Kakyoin(internal): I can't speak... I can't even lift a finger.
Kakyoin(internal): It's 5:15...
That means it's around midnight in Japan.
Kakyoin(internal): I wonder what my parents are doing.
Maybe they're already asleep.
Kakyoin(internal): I'm sorry for making you worry so much.
narator: Noriaki Kakyoin's final thoughts
narator: were not of his parents in Japan.
narator: Though he cared deeply for his parents,
when his mind drifted to the final 
question that puzzled him,
thoughts of his parents drifted away.
Kakyoin(internal): I can sense every movement of those 
who touch Hierophant Green's barrier.
Kakyoin(internal): But DIO ripped apart the entire barrier at once.
Kakyoin(internal): Why wasn't it done strand by strand?
Kakyoin(internal): It was completely simultaneous,
without even a microsecond
of a time between them.
Kakyoin(internal): The entire barrier, over a 20-meter radius, 
was ripped apart all at once?
Kakyoin(internal): How?
Kakyoin(internal): Without even the slightest delay...
Kakyoin(internal): How... all at once...?
Kakyoin(internal): How?
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Joseph: I-I can't let this continue! Hermit...
DIO: Joseph... You're next.
DIO: Don't you think taking the blood of a Joestar
would be just the thing to make
Jonathan's body completely mine?
Joseph: DIO!
Kakyoin(internal): How could he hit them all with 
no time passing between them?
Kakyoin(internal): Time passing...
Kakyoin(internal): Time...
Kakyoin(internal): Time...
Kakyoin(internal): The time!
Kakyoin(internal): I... I understand now.
H-How could this be?
There's no other explanation.
Kakyoin(internal): I-I have to tell them about this!
Kakyoin(internal): This terrifying truth... Somehow...
Kakyoin(internal): I have to tell Mr. Joestar...
Kakyoin(internal): At this rate, everyone will
Kakyoin(internal): be defeated.
Joseph: How dare you do that to Kakyoin?!
Joseph: I'll take that body back, for my Grandma Erina!
DIO: Erina? Ah, that country girl.
DIO: How foolish.
DIO: I shall drink your blood and kill you.
DIO: Joseph Joestar!
DIO: Die!
Kakyoin: M-My final Emerald... Splash...
DIO: What?
He didn't even aim in the right direction.
DIO: I suppose he wanted to use up
the last of his strength to go out with a bang.
Joseph (internal): Impossible!
Kakyoin wouldn't do something
pointless at a time like this.
Joseph (internal): So why in that direction?
Joseph (internal): What does it mean?
Joseph (internal): Is he trying to tell me something?
Kakyoin(internal): It's a... message.
Kakyoin(internal): It's the best I can do...
Kakyoin(internal): Mr. Joestar...
Please understand.
Please, figure it out...
Joseph: Kakyoin...
Joseph: Hermit Purple!
Joseph: And take this!
The sun's own energy, Hamon!
DIO: You old fool! Your Stand is the weakest of all!
DIO: I won't let you get away!
Joseph (internal): Kakyoin, why did you shoot the clock tower?
Joseph (internal): What was shooting the
clock tower supposed to tell me?
Joseph (internal): It must mean something important!
Polnareff: I-It's Mr. Joestar!
DIO's chasing after him.
Polnareff: Where's Kakyoin?!
Joseph (internal): Could it be, Kakyoin...
Joseph (internal): Were you able to solve the mystery
of DIO's Stand while all that was going on?
Joseph (internal): He destroyed the clock with Emerald Splash.
Joseph (internal): He destroyed the clock's hands...
Joseph (internal): He... stopped the clock?
Joseph: I-Impossible! Could it truly be...
Joseph: The true power of DIO's The World
Joseph: is the power to stop time!
Kakyoin: Take this, DIO! 20-meter 
radius Emerald Splash!
DIO: The World!
DIO: This is The World.
DIO: But since time has stopped for you, 
you can neither see nor feel him.
DIO: Die, Kakyoin!
DIO: You don't even realize that you've been killed.
DIO: There's no way for you to 
even know what happened.
Joseph: I understand, Kakyoin!
Joseph: You died to send me that message...
and I've gotten it!
Joseph: It stops time?
Joseph: It's a Stand that can stop time and keep moving?
Joseph: That's too dangerous! Way too dangerous!
Joseph (internal): Calm down... Calm down and think!
Joseph (internal): I don't know the meaning of the word "panic"!
Joseph (internal): I need to think of something...
Joseph (internal): Some way to break through and defeat him!
Joseph: H-He disappeared!
Joseph: Wh-What's wrong?
Not going to hit me, DIO?
Joseph: Weren't you going to drink my blood?
DIO: You've suffused your body with Hamon
to protect yourself.
DIO: Hermit Purple, infused with Hamon,
is like a high-voltage wire wrapped 
around your body, isn't it?
DIO: You're quite the schemer,
you cunning old geezer.
Joseph: The same goes for you.
Joseph: You realized I was using Hamon 
and made sure not to touch me.
Very attentive of you.
Joseph: But I've figured something
out about your Stand.
Joseph: DIO, though you can stop time,
it looks like you can only do so very briefly.
Joseph: About three to four seconds, I'd say.
Joseph: If you could stop time for any longer,
Joseph: we would have all died back at your mansion,
Joseph: and you wouldn't have had to chase us down.
DIO: So you understand how The World works? Hah!
DIO: I'll spare you a bit of praise for that.
Joseph: It was Kakyoin who figured it out.
I won't let Kakyoin die for nothing!
DIO: And what of it?
What good does understanding 
my Stand's power do for you?
DIO: What can your Hamon possibly do now?
Joseph: Hermit Purple and Hamon!
DIO: Enough!
I don't need to touch the Hamon to attack you!
man: Hey, look.
man b: That old guy fell outta the sky!
lady: Santa! I bet he's Santa!
man c: What were you doing on the roof?
Checking out some hot chicks?
Jotaro: Old man...
Joseph: J-Jotaro!
Joseph: Stay back!
Joseph: Don't come near me!
DIO: Jotaro... What perfect timing.
DIO: But he's not quite in range.
DIO: I'll deal with Joseph first.
Joseph: Jotaro! The secret of his Stand,
The World, is time!
Joseph: It's a Stand that stops ti―
DIO: The World!
DIO: At first, I could only stop time 
for a mere blink of an eye.
DIO: But as my neck wound began to heal,
DIO: I soon could stop it for two seconds, then three.
DIO: I can now stop time for five seconds.
DIO: It's strange to think of it as five seconds,
since it occurs when time is stopped,
DIO: but I have five seconds in which to act.
DIO: Eventually I'll get to a minute... 
Then ten minutes, then an hour...
DIO: Then as long as I want!
DIO: It's quite exciting,
DIO: knowing that I will be able to stop 
time for longer and longer...
DIO: Oh, that's right, Joseph.
DIO: You were using Hamon to protect your body.
DIO: Hamon gave me a little trouble 
a hundred years ago,
DIO: but it's powerless before The World.
DIO: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!
Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!
DIO: Useless!
DIO: The grandson of Jonathan, Joseph...
DIO: You are now dead!
DIO: One more second...
DIO: Zero.
Jotaro: Old man!
Joseph: S-Stay back! R-Run... J-Jotaro...
Joseph: D-Don't go near him.
Joseph: K-Keep your...
Joseph: d-distance...
Joseph: Stay away... Stay away from him...
Joseph: Y-You're no... match...
DIO: I've already taken care of Kakyoin, too.
DIO: Polnareff must be hiding somewhere...
DIO: Hah. But it doesn't matter.
DIO: You're next, Jotaro!
Jotaro: You bastard.
Jotaro: DIO!
DIO: Oh? You're approaching me?
DIO: Instead of running away,
you're coming right to me?
DIO: Even though your grandfather, Joseph,
DIO: told you the secret of The World,
DIO: like an exam student scrambling to finish
DIO: the problems on an exam until the 
last moments before the chime?
Jotaro: I can't beat the shit out of 
you without getting closer.
DIO: Oh ho! Then come as close as you like.
DIO: Too slow, too slow!
The World is the ultimate Stand.
DIO: Even without his power to stop time,
his speed and power
far exceed that of your Star Platinum.
Jotaro: So it's the same type of Stand as Star Platinum.
Jotaro: Not much range, but immense 
power and precise movements.
DIO: I wanted to try a little test to find out
just how much more powerful The World
was, compared to your Stand.
DIO: Though it appears a test was hardly necessary.
Jotaro: Test? Is that what you call just patting me,
and not even enough to hurt?
Jotaro: Well, I guess you ripped my 
20,000 yen pants, though.
DIO: Why are you Joestars so stubborn 
about admitting defeat?
DIO: Hmph. I suppose I shall rise 
to your silly provocation,
and test you just a bit more.
DIO: Shall we compare the speed
of our attack rushes?
The World: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!
Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!