Polnareff: So we finally meet,
Polnareff: DIO!
DIO: Congratulations, Polnareff. 
You've avenged your sister,
DIO: and managed to travel from 
the Far East to make it here.
Polnareff: If you want to give me a prize for that, 
how about you give me your life?
DIO: I shall give you a chance.
DIO: Go down two steps,
and I'll let you join my side again.
DIO: But if you'd rather die,
then climb those stairs.
Polnareff: When I first met you,
I succumbed from the bottom of my heart
to your spell of fear and immense evil.
Polnareff: That was when I became a loser.
Polnareff: It's much scarier than death,
Polnareff: living with no desire but to do your bidding.
Polnareff: But right now, I don't feel any fear at all.
Polnareff: I feel only my will to fight.
Polnareff: Since I met Mr. Joestar and the others,
Polnareff: this journey of 45 days 
and the death of my friends
Polnareff: have completely blown away my fear of you.
DIO: Is that so?
DIO: Then climb those stairs.
DIO: I see, Polnareff.
DIO: You've gone down the stairs,
which means you wish to join me, DIO.
Polnareff: Wh-What?! I know I just took a step up...
DIO: What's the matter? You're losing 
your composure, Polnareff.
DIO: Doesn't one lose his 
composure when he is afraid?
DIO: Or is it that in your heart, 
you know you must climb up,
DIO: but you're so terrified that your body
DIO: subconsciously did the opposite and went down?
Polnareff: Impossible! I know I went up the stairs!
Polnareff (internal): Wh-What did he do?! Is it his Stand?
Polnareff (internal): I-It can't be...
Polnareff (internal): DIO's Stand...
The World?!
Polnareff (internal): Wh-What is...
DIO: Polnareff, have you ever considered 
why humans wish to live?
DIO: Humans live hoping to conquer 
their anxieties and fears,
and attain peace of mind.
DIO: Seeking fame,
controlling others,
DIO: and acquiring wealth are all
done to achieve peace of mind.
DIO: Marriage and friendship are also pursued
as means of attaining peace of mind.
DIO: When humans say they wish to help others,
DIO: or that a thing is done for love or justice...
DIO: It's all merely to give themselves peace of mind.
DIO: To achieve peace of mind 
is the goal of all mankind.
DIO: Now, given that, what anxiety could 
you possibly feel toward serving me?
DIO: Any other peace of mind 
will come easily if you do.
DIO: Doesn't challenging me, even knowing 
that it may spell your death,
DIO: bring you anxiety?
Polnareff (internal): I-It can't be! Am I subconsciously 
submitting to him?
DIO: You are a very capable Stand user.
DIO: It's a waste to kill you.
DIO: Why not cut ties with Joestar and the others,
DIO: and serve me for eternity?
DIO: I can promise you peace of mind for eternity.
Polnareff (internal): I can't go on like this...
Avdol, Iggy... Give me courage!
Polnareff: Y-You talk too much, DIO!
Polnareff: I've already died once.
Polnareff: I won't die again until I figure out 
the identity of your Stand!
DIO: You leave me no choice.
DIO: Then you'll just have to die, Polnareff!
Polnareff: So that's The World? Bring it on!
DIO: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!
Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!
Polnareff: M-Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: Don't worry, Polnareff.
all: DIO!
Joseph: That was DIO, wasn't it?
Joseph: We're going after him!
Polnareff: Before you go after him, let me say this.
Polnareff: I just experienced his Stand, just for a moment.
Polnareff: Actually, it wasn't so much an experience... 
It was completely beyond my understanding.
Polnareff: I-I'll tell you exactly what happened.
Polnareff: I thought I was climbing the stairs
toward him, but before I knew it,
I was actually going down!
Polnareff: I-I'm sure you guys don't 
understand what I'm saying,
Polnareff: and I don't know what he did, either.
Polnareff: I thought I was going insane.
Polnareff: It wasn't anything simple, 
like hypnosis or super speed...
Polnareff: I experienced something much more terrifying.
Jotaro: Where are Avdol and Iggy?
Polnareff: Th-They didn't make it...
They died saving me.
Joseph: I see.
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar, the sun is setting.
We must hurry.
Joseph: You're right.
Kakyoin: Hey, Nukesaku. What's above this floor?
Nukesaku: A-A tower.
Nukesaku: There is a single room at the very top.
Nukesaku: Lord DIO stays there during the day.
Kakyoin: Do any other staircases lead up to that tower?
Nukesaku: N-No. These stairs are the only way.
Kakyoin: All right. Lead the way.
Joseph: So that's him.
Joseph: The man we're about to face
is one I've never met, 
yet one I've known for so long.
Joseph (internal): Yes. I have always known him.
Joseph (internal): I've known him since the day I was born.
Joseph (internal): The same goes for Jotaro.
Joseph (internal): He's not someone we have fond memories of.
Our Joestar blood always knew that
Joseph (internal): he was someone we would encounter 
one day, someone we must defeat.
Kakyoin(internal): I have no regrets.
Kakyoin(internal): The journey we've made,
the events about to transpire...
Kakyoin(internal): I regret none of it.
Polnareff (internal): What I'm feeling right now 
tells me the side I'm on is white.
Polnareff (internal): DIO's side is black.
Polnareff (internal): Mr. Joestar and the others, too, are white.
Polnareff (internal): Despite my injuries, I can 
feel my courage growing.
Polnareff (internal): I am on the white side,
the side of righteousness!
Joseph: Once he steps out of the coffin, we'll attack.
Joseph: But be careful.
There's no guarantee that he's in there.
Joseph: Nukesaku, open the lid.
Nukesaku: L-Lord DIO, I promise, I did not betray you.
Nukesaku: It's because I truly believe in 
your power that I led them here.
Nukesaku: As certain as when you piss in a 
strong wind, it'll get on your pants!
Nukesaku: Please understand!
Joseph: Shut up and open it already!
Nukesaku: Make sure you kill these bastards,
Nukesaku: Lord DIO!
Joseph: He's going to come flying out!
Nukesaku: Huh?
Me?!
Nukesaku: I-I was the one inside?!
But I was the one that opened the lid!
Joseph: Wh-What?! How?!
Joseph: I never took my eyes off him!
Joseph: Did any of you see the 
moment Nukesaku entered...
No, was put into the coffin?
Polnareff: N-No... I was watching the whole time,
but when I realized it, he was already inside!
Kakyoin: It's as Polnareff said!
This is not merely a trick or super speed!
Jotaro: We're in danger.
Jotaro: Something here is truly dangerous!
Joseph: Run!
Polnareff: D-Damn it!
Joseph: What are you doing, Polnareff?
Polnareff: Damn it!
Kakyoin: What in the world was that?
Kakyoin: I didn't actually see it, but it felt much
more powerful than any Stand 
we've encountered so far.
Kakyoin: It was like knowing a bulldozer is present
from the sound of its engine alone.
Joseph: I felt it, too. It was incredible murderous intent!
Joseph: It felt like someone stuck an icicle up my ass!
Joseph: If we had stayed in there,
we would've been killed, one by one!
Joseph: This is bad... This is extremely bad.
Joseph: The sun's almost out of sight!
Kakyoin: His time has come.
Polnareff: Don't tell me that we're
going to be helpless until sunrise tomorrow.
Polnareff: I'll telling you now, Mr. Joestar!
There's no way I'm going to run away now!
Kakyoin: I agree with Polnareff.
Joseph: I feel the same way, 
but the situation has changed.
Joseph: We've encountered his Stand, The World,
but we have no idea what it does.
Joseph: When climbing a mountain,
if you don't know the route,
or where the summit is,
Joseph: you are guaranteed to get lost. Guaranteed!
Joseph: It's as inevitable as belching 
after you drink a cola.
Joseph: We know DIO will come after us.
He'll try to finish us before sunrise.
In that time, we'll have
the opportunity to figure out
his Stand's true ability.
Joseph: We have to wait for that chance.
Polnareff: No! I can't run away!
Polnareff: Avdol and Iggy died for me!
Polnareff: I'll do underhanded things, 
and even go to Hell itself,
Polnareff: but I will not run away!
Joseph: Wait, Polnareff!
Jotaro: It's no use trying to stop him, old man.
Kakyoin: Jotaro, tell us what you think we should do.
Jotaro: Polnareff is fighting him as he pursues him.
Jotaro: We'll fight him as we retreat.
That means
Jotaro: we'll be in position for a pincer attack.
Joseph: Hey, you there.
Joseph: I want to buy that truck. Sell it to me.
driver: What'd you say? I need this to do my job!
What're you—
Joseph: I'm flooring it, Kakyoin!
Polnareff: There you are, DIO!
Polnareff: Run away until sunrise? Like hell I can do that!
Polnareff: I'll finish you myself if I must!
If I don't know what your Stand is, 
then even without that knowledge,
Polnareff: there are still plenty of ways to beat you.
Polnareff: I'll assassinate you!
Jotaro: Don't do anything rash, Polnareff!
Jotaro: I told them to leave someone 
as stubborn as you alone,
Jotaro: but the old man and Kakyoin 
insisted that I stay with you.
Jotaro: So here I am.
Polnareff: Jotaro...
Jotaro: Good grief.
DIO: Ah, the automobile...
DIO: Its power and speed are impressive.
DIO: In my day, we had only horse-drawn carriages.
guy: Hey! What do you think you're touching?
somebody: This car belongs to Senator Phillips!
somebody: Do you wanna puke from your eyes?!
Senator Phillips: My, my... Young folks are 
so hot-blooded these days.
Senator Phillips: Ow!
DIO: Shut up and get in the front seat. 
You're going to drive.
Senator Phillips: Wh-Who the hell are you?!
Do you think you're going 
to get away with this?!
Senator Phillips(internal): No, of course he won't!
No one could get away with doing this to me.
Senator Phillips(internal): I graduated high school and 
college at the top of my class!
Senator Phillips(internal): I was captain of my college wrestling team!
Senator Phillips(internal): Even after I graduated, 
I was respected and revered.
That's how I became a politician!
Senator Phillips(internal): I have a villa on a thousand acres in Hawaii!
Senator Phillips(internal): I married a beautiful model 
who's 25 years younger than me!
Senator Phillips(internal): I pay 50 times more in taxes
than ordinary people!
Senator Phillips(internal): I've defeated every enemy that I've faced.
Senator Phillips(internal): I'll eventually become president. 
I am Senator Phillips!
Senator Phillips: Listen up, young buck!
You'll get life in prison for this!
Senator Phillips: You hear me? Life in prison—
DIO: I'll say it once more.
DIO: Drive.
Senator Phillips(internal): Wh-Who the hell is he? He's going to kill me!
Senator Phillips(internal): If I don't escape, he'll kill me!
Senator Phillips(internal): If I don't escape, he will kill me!
Senator Phillips: Help... me?
Senator Phillips: Wh-What?!
Senator Phillips: Wh-What?!
I thought I jumped outside, 
so wh-why... why... am I inside...
Senator Phillips: Why am I inside?
DIO: Floor it until you catch up to that truck.
DIO: If you fail to catch up to it, I'll kill you.
Senator Phillips: Y-Yes, sir.
Senator Phillips(internal): Why inside?! Why?!
I know! It's because I'm a senator!
Senator Phillips(internal): There's nothing a senator can't do!
Joseph: The black atmosphere that emanates 
from him is still close...
Joseph: It's coming after us.
He's coming after us!
Kakyoin: Can DIO tell exactly where you are, Mr. Joestar?
Joseph: No. His body is that of my 
grandfather, Jonathan Joestar.
Joseph: We can sense each other due to something 
like a strange wavelength between us,
Joseph: but we can only tell that the 
other is close, not where he is.
Joseph: I couldn't tell exactly where the mansion was, 
either, even though we were nearby.
Joseph: All he can sense is that a Joestar is nearby.
Joseph: He can't tell the difference
between Jotaro and myself.
Joseph: He shouldn't be able to realize that 
Jotaro and I have split up.
Polnareff: That's strange...
Polnareff: In movies, the engine always starts right up.
Senator Phillips: W-We're stuck in traffic.
Senator Phillips: Rush hour traffic in the 
evening is bumper to bumper.
DIO: Go.
Senator Phillips: You say that, but I can't move forward.
DIO: The sidewalk is wide enough. Go.
Senator Phillips: The sidewalk?!
It's packed with people heading home from work!
DIO: That makes no difference. Go.
Senator Phillips: Y-Yes, sir!
DIO: Floor it.
Senator Phillips: Yes, sir!
Jotaro: It started. Hurry up and get on, Polnareff.
Polnareff: R-Right...
Senator Phillips: I've gone to such lengths for you!
Senator Phillips: You'll spare my life... You'll spare
this senator's life now, won't you?!
DIO: No.
Senator Phillips(internal): I see! This is a dream!
A senator like me could never die this way.
Senator Phillips(internal): It's a dream! A dream! Hooray!
DIO: There he is. Get closer to them. Closer.
DIO: If I'm not close, I cannot use The World.
Joseph: He's getting closer. It's that car! DIO's in there!
Joseph: Kakyoin!
DIO: Kakyoin's...
Hierophant Green: Take this, DIO! Emerald Splash!
Hierophant Green: Wh-What is he?!
He didn't so much as move from his seat,
but he managed to dodge with just one finger!
Hierophant Green: How about this?!
Hierophant Green: Even when I concentrated the Splash,
he dodged. D-Damn it!
Hierophant Green: When did he release his Stand?
Hierophant Green: Impossible! How could I not notice?!
DIO: He was a bit too far away.
He went flying out of The World's range.
Senator Phillips: Wh-What's happening?!
DIO: Would it benefit me in any way if I told you?
DIO: Keep your eyes forward and drive.
Joseph: Careful, Kakyoin! You got too close to him!
Kakyoin: I-I apologize. I-I couldn't help it.
Kakyoin(internal): A few months ago, he said,
"There's no need to make
yourself vomit from fright."
Kakyoin(internal): "Relax. Relax, Kakyoin..."
Kakyoin(internal): Damn it! Never again! I will never lose again!
Joseph: Kakyoin, are you all right? 
Did you see The World?
Kakyoin: Yes... I attacked from around ten meters away.
Kakyoin: If I had gotten any closer, 
I would have been done for.
Kakyoin: It's obvious that his Stand
has some terrifying secret far
beyond anything we can imagine.
Kakyoin: But I've managed to figure out two things.
Kakyoin: First, it can't attack over distance like
Hierophant Green and Hermit Purple.
Kakyoin: It's a close-range power type, like Star Platinum.
Kakyoin: Its range is about ten meters.
Kakyoin: Second, it attacked with its fist.
So it doesn't use ranged attacks, like bullets.
Kakyoin: If we can get within ten meters
of DIO without him noticing,
I think we may have a chance of defeating him.
Joseph: We need to investigate carefully.
Joseph: There's no such thing as being too 
cautious when it comes to him.
Joseph: That's strange. His car stopped.
Kakyoin: Watch out! Something's flying at us!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: What are you doing, Kakyoin?
Kakyoin: I've got it.
I've figured out a way to reveal 
what DIO's Stand truly is.