Joseph: Polnareff, did you find the guy following us?
Avdol: Answer us.
Polnareff: Avdol and the others are c-coming.
Hol Horse (internal): This is bad... Very bad!
Polnareff: Chario—
Hol Horse: Whoa, now!
Polnareff: Crap...
Hol Horse: Y-Yes! I'm faster.
Hol Horse: Don't move. I'll shoot!
Joseph: Hey, can you hear me, Polnareff?
Avdol: Hey, Polnareff!
Avdol: Oh, there you are.
Avdol: What's the matter?
Was someone following us, after all?
Polnareff: E-Er...
Hol Horse (internal): Damn it! I've been cornered.
What was this about me getting
this lucky chance to beat them
if I stuck my fingers up Polnareff's nose?!
Hol Horse (internal): This situation is the exact opposite!
avdol: Is something the matter, Polnareff?
Polnareff: No...
Hol Horse (internal): If Avdol were to find me now, I'd be killed!
Hol Horse (internal): I feel like crying.
Hol Horse (internal): If I'd known this was going to happen, I would've
just used my gun in the first place.
Hol Horse (internal): Boingo, that bastard.
If nothing else, my gun was faster 
than Polnareff's sword just now.
Hol Horse (internal): Damn it!
Avdol: Polnareff?
Hol Horse (internal): Hurry up and get them to leave!
If they do find me, 
I can at least kill you, Polnareff.
Polnareff: N-No one was following us.
It was just my imagination.
Avdol: I see...
By the way, what are you doing in that corner?
Hol Horse: Tell them you were about to take a piss. A piss!
Polnareff: W-Well, you know... I needed to take a piss.
Avdol: What?
Joseph: Seriously, you were taking a piss?
Joseph: That's an embarrassing thing
to do in the middle of a city.
Polnareff (internal): Damn bastard, jabbing that gun into my head...
I know! I'll send them a signal.
Polnareff (internal): Come on, guys. Figure it out.
Polnareff (internal): Look where my tongue is pointing!
Polnareff (internal): It's a sign for you to look behind me! Behind me!
Polnareff (internal): Behind me, damn it! Behind me!
Hol Horse (internal): Why are they being so quiet?
Polnareff: A-Anyway, that's what's up.
You guys can go on ahead.
Avdol: All right.
Polnareff (internal): That was a lie!
A lie! Don't go!
Look at my tongue. Behind me!
Polnareff (internal): Behind me, damn it! Figure it out!
Joseph: Is something wrong?
Why are you making that face?
Does your tongue hurt?
Avdol: No, I think he's saying something's behind—
Polnareff (internal): Idiot! Don't say it!
Joseph: You don't mean...
Hol Horse (internal): P-Polnareff!
Hol Horse (internal): Did you give them...
Hol Horse (internal): some kind of signal?!
Hol Horse (internal): Damn it! I'm pissed off now!
Hol Horse (internal): I'll... I'll kill you!
Hol Horse (internal): Die!
Hol Horse: What?!
Polnareff: Huh?
Avdol: Hey, he's...
Hol Horse: Wh-What? You're kidding me! He sneezed?!
Polnareff: It's Hol Horse. Be careful!
There's someone under that box, too!
Hol Horse (internal): You can't be serious. This is impossible.
Hol Horse (internal): Sticking my fingers up his nose made him sneeze!
Hol Horse (internal): Damn it! If he hadn't sneezed,
I could have at least killed Polnareff.
Hol Horse (internal): I should have never teamed
up with you, Boingo!
I'm going to be killed!
Hol Horse (internal): I failed thanks to your prediction, damn it!
Hol Horse (internal): I'm doomed.
punk: B-Bro, look! That one guy is over there.
punk a: That's him, all right.
punk a: He's the bastard who blew my ear
off outta nowhere at the airport.
punk a: I'll run him over!
Avdol: What?!
Hol Horse: Th-This is...
Hol Horse: It was so sudden, even they 
couldn't get their Stands
out in time to avoid the truck...
Hol Horse: I stuck my fingers up his nose, 
and the prediction came true.
Hol Horse: I can't believe it. All four of them at once...
Boingo: It is fate, yes.
Boingo: My premonitions are absolute.
Boingo: But it's too early to finish them off.
Boingo: We must see what the next prediction says, yes.
Hol Horse: Okay!
Boingo (internal): "Yay! The chance to kill them has arrived!
Boingo (internal): But be careful.
We should hide and see how things go."
Hol Horse (internal): "It's still too soon to get close to them.
Hol Horse (internal): The other three have passed out,
but Jotaro's still awake.
Hol Horse (internal): He's standing up!"
Hol Horse: So Jotaro dodged the truck just a second before.
Hol Horse: That was close.
If I had carelessly closed in,
he would've countered.
Hol Horse: He's looking for me.
Hol Horse: He must be wondering why I disappeared 
without finishing them off.
Hol Horse: You want to beat them, don't you, Boingo?
After all we've been through,
Hol Horse: we've got to win, no matter what.
Right, Boingo?
Boingo: Yeah...
Hol Horse: We're just one step away from victory.
Hol Horse: So Boingo, what do we have 
to do to finish them off?
Hol Horse: Your comic's predictions are 100% absolute.
Hol Horse: I believe them.
Hol Horse: I'll do whatever they tell me to.
Hol Horse: If it's sticking my fingers up something, I'll do it.
Hol Horse: If I have to eat shit, I'll do it in a heartbeat.
Hol Horse: I want to win!
Boingo: Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-There it is!
Boingo: I-It has finally appeared, yes.
Boingo: Th-The final prediction!
Hol Horse: What?
Boingo (internal): Now, Hol Horse's next attack will be the climax!
Boingo (internal): Hol Horse found some guys 
working on sewage pipes.
Boingo (internal): He paid them so they'd
open up a section of the pipes.
Boingo (internal): If Hol Horse fires all of his bullets 
into that pipe at noon sharp...
person: Hey, looks like there was a
car accident around the corner.
person b: Just leave it. Let's hurry up and finish this job.
person b: Hold this pipe for a sec.
person: Okay.
Hol Horse: Wh-What's going to happen if I fire into that pipe?
Hol Horse: Hurry up and turn the page!
What's going to happen when I 
shoot my bullets into that pipe?
Boingo (internal): The bullets will come shooting out of the pipe.
Boingo (internal): Boom! Hol Horse's bullets shot through his brain!
Boingo (internal): Right smack in the middle of his forehead!
Boingo: Y-Yay!
It finally appeared, yes.
Boingo: I was waiting for this, yes.
I was waiting for this prediction, yes.
Hol Horse: This is amazing!
Hol Horse: I-It's amazing, but hang on!
Hol Horse: We'll be in trouble if we interpret it wrong.
Hol Horse: L-Look at this page from earlier.
Hol Horse: This is the prediction that appeared 
before your brother got blown up.
Hol Horse: This is what happened to your brother!
Boingo: Th-That's because my brother 
had the ability to transform,
and transformed without thinking, yes.
Boingo: But y-you and I cannot transform, yes.
Hol Horse: That's... That's right! I can't transform!
Hol Horse: I won't even attempt to act like Jotaro.
Hol Horse: Wh-Which means...
Boingo: Th-That's correct, yes.
I'll be able to avenge my brother, yes.
Boingo: There is no mistake in this prediction, yes.
Boingo: If you shoot your bullets into 
this pipe, Jotaro will die, yes.
Hol Horse: But wait.
It mentions a specific time.
Hol Horse: At noon sharp?
Hol Horse: Wait, noon sharp?!
There's only two minutes left until noon!
Boingo: D-Don't panic. Y-You just have
to shoot into the pipe, yes.
Boingo: You have plenty of time, yes.
It is fate. It will happen.
Hol Horse: I-I know. It's 100%!
Hol Horse (internal): I believe... I believe, but...
Hol Horse (internal): Since there's a specific time...
Hol Horse (internal): It's making me panic!
Hol Horse: H-Hey, you guys! Listen up.
Hol Horse: Take a section of this pipe off.
Hol Horse: Hurry up!
person a: Hey, who do you think you're talking to?
person b: Who the hell do you think you are?
Hol Horse: I'll kill you! Hurry up and open it!
Boingo: M-Mr. Hol Horse, ordinary people 
cannot see your Stand, yes.
Boingo: And the comics say to pay them, yes.
Hol Horse: What? Pay?
Hol Horse: I only have a minute and ten seconds left!
I'll pay!
Hol Horse: A-A-All right! Sorry! I'll pay you, so open it!
Please! I beg of you!
person: Pay us? What a weirdo.
You'll pay us just for opening it?
person b: Okay, then, sure. Hurry up and pay us.
Hol Horse: R-Right...
person: Hey, what's the problem?
Hol Horse: I don't have any money!
Th-That's right! I forgot it at the hotel.
person b: What the hell?
Hol Horse: M-Boingo...
Hol Horse: I gave you a coin purse just
in case you got lost, didn't I?
Give it to me. Hurry!
Boingo: R-Right.
Hol Horse: There's only forty seconds left. Hurry!
Boingo: I-It's mostly coins, but... 
Here's the coin purse.
person b: Hey, I saw one fly over there into the shadows.
person b: It's just change, but there's quite a bit. 
How much is there?
person: At least twenty pounds!
Hey, you're stepping on one.
person b: Oh, you're right.
Hol Horse: Pick it up later! You can have it all!
person: Everyone, it's coming up noon.
person: I've poured some tea,
so why don't you take a lunch break?
person b: Oh, good idea.
Hol Horse: Damn you, old woman!
This comes first! Butt out!
person a: Thanks, ma'am.
Hol Horse: God damn it! I said to hurry up and open it!
Hol Horse: Or I'll split your heads open with this rock!
person a: I-It's open.
Hol Horse: Out of the way!
Hol Horse: Die, Jotaro!
Hol Horse: I did it! I shot into it at noon sharp,
just like in the prediction!
Hol Horse: Go!
Jotaro: Wake up, old man.
Joseph: I-I'm mostly all right...
Avdol: I, too, am merely scratched.
Avdol: More importantly, Polnareff is...
Polnareff: Someone get this damn block off of me.
Hol Horse: We won!
Jotaro's face is right in front of the pipe!
Hol Horse: What?!
Jotaro: Hey, man.
Polnareff: Sorry, Jotaro.
I don't know what the hell 
Hol Horse was thinking,
Polnareff: but he stuck his fingers right up my nose.
Polnareff: How disgusting.
Polnareff: It still itches. Sorry.
Hol Horse: M-My bullets...
Hol Horse: They missed!
Hol Horse: Boingo! Wh-What the hell is going on?!
Hol Horse: What the hell?!
Boingo: I-I do not know, yes.
M-My premonitions are absolute! It is fate!
Boingo: I can't believe it!
My premonitions have never 
ever been wrong, yes!
Hol Horse: Look! Jotaro and the others are alive.
None of my bullets hit them!
Hol Horse: It's totally different from the prediction!
Hol Horse: You little...
radio: Please tune in again tomorrow.
radio: And now for the news at noon...
Hol Horse: Huh?
Hol Horse: Huh?!
Hol Horse: What?! It's noon now?
Hol Horse: M-My watch... My watch...
Hol Horse: It's fast!
Hol Horse: Wh-Which means I shot my bullets before noon.
Hol Horse: It's noon right now!
Hol Horse: What the hell is going to happen?
Hol Horse: What's going to happen next?!
Boingo: I-It can't be...
Hol Horse: According to this prediction, the bullets
I shot were supposed to hit Jotaro dead-on.
Boingo: The direction...
Hol Horse: What the hell is going to happen next?!
Polnareff: Hey, I heard screaming around that corner.
Joseph: I don't know what's going on, but it's not good.
Joseph: After what happened with the truck,
it'll make trouble for us if the cops show up.
Joseph: Let's get out of here.
Polnareff: What the hell happened to Hol Horse, anyway?
Jotaro: I don't know.
He disappeared for some reason.
Avdol: Hey, it's dangerous to hang 
around that pipe, Jotaro.
Avdol: It's spraying filthy water.
person a: Is he dead?
person b: No, just in critical condition.
person b: I have no idea what happened, though.
person b: It looks like a bullet went through his 
forehead and out the top of his head.
person b: One centimeter down,
and he would have been dead.
person b: Talk about a lucky man.
Boingo: My prediction wasn't wrong.
Boingo: And... this was Hol Horse's fate.
Boingo: But that Jotaro...
Boingo: How lucky can he be?
Boingo: My brother and Hol Horse lost against fate.
Boingo: The only one who could face
someone so lucky is Lord DIO.
Boingo: Oingo... Looking at Hol Horse,
I'm starting to think revenge is really stupid.
Boingo: Let's just forget about Jotaro and his friends.
Boingo: If we use my Stand's predictions 
not for attacking others,
Boingo: but for our happiness and 
to help people in trouble...
Boingo: People would love us,
and I bet more good luck would come our way.
Boingo: I'm sick of spending my life cowering 
under a box, afraid of everyone.
Boingo: This fight has forced me to grow.
Boingo: I'm going back, Brother.
Boingo: To Aswan, to where you are.
Boingo: S-Sorry. I kicked it without thinking.
Boingo: I didn't mean to hit you.
Boingo: Forgive me.
Boingo: Wait, th-this dog...
I've seen it before, but where?
Boingo: Th-This dog! It couldn't be...
Boingo: No!
Polnareff: Hey, by the way, where'd that dumbass dog go?
Joseph: Iggy?
I'm sure he's eating something 
off the street somewhere.
Avdol: I told you that he'd be useless.
Boingo (internal): If it were that easy to change your 
personality and grow as a person,
no one would ever suffer.
Boingo (internal): Boingo became even
more depressed than before,
and was admitted to the 
hospital with Hol Horse.
Boingo (internal): Ba-dum-tss!