Hol Horse: Damn, it's dark. My eyes won't adjust.
Hol Horse: Where the hell did he go?
Hol Horse: It's midday, but it's been such a pain in the ass
trying to find him in here.
Hol Horse: I think DIO was in that room over there...
Hol Horse: Wh-What's that? DIO's leftovers?
Hol Horse (internal): None of these women resisted.
They happily let him drink up all their blood.
Hol Horse (internal): I'll never understand what they're thinking.
Hol Horse (internal): I guess he's charming as the Devil himself.
Hol Horse (internal): And while I'm at it, where did he get
all these treasures and art pieces from?
Hol Horse (internal): I guess there's nothing he can't do.
DIO: Did you
DIO: want something?
Hol Horse: L-Lord DIO!
Hol Horse (internal): D-Damn it.
Hol Horse (internal): J-Just standing in front of
him sends chills up my spine.
Hol Horse (internal): Calm down, Hol Horse.
Don't let him overwhelm you.
Hol Horse (internal): He's nothing. He's only a little 
stronger than me, maybe...
DIO: I asked you what you're doing here, Hol Horse.
Hol Horse: Ah, uh, w-well... I-I came to give my report.
Hol Horse: It appears that the fifth and sixth of the
Nine Gods, Mariah and Alessi, 
have both been defeated.
DIO: And?
Hol Horse: A-And that was my report.
Hol Horse: Joestar and the others will 
arrive in Cairo tomorrow.
Hol Horse: Only three of the Nine Gods remain.
DIO: When I said, "And?"
DIO: I was talking about you, Hol Horse.
Hol Horse: Huh?!
DIO: When are you going to fight 
them for me, Hol Horse?
DIO: You swore loyalty to me,
but you haven't really fought at all.
DIO: Anyone can give me reports.
DIO: You failed me twice,
DIO: and came running back here.
DIO: My body, from the neck down, once belonged 
to a man named Jonathan Joestar.
DIO: He was Joseph Joestar's grandfather.
DIO: Look at these two fingers.
DIO: See how the left side is slower to heal?
DIO: The left side of this body is weak.
DIO: That proves this body isn't yet completely mine.
DIO: That I'm not immortal yet.
DIO: So I am not yet prepared to face them.
DIO: I expect you to kill Joestar
and the others for me this time.
DIO: Otherwise, I'll kill you.
Hol Horse (internal): Y-You've got to be shitting me!
Is he trying to drive me into a corner?
Hol Horse (internal): "For me"?
Hol Horse (internal): Don't you mock me.
Hol Horse (internal): I just side with whoever's strongest.
Hol Horse (internal): I didn't swear loyalty to you
from the bottom of my heart.
Hol Horse (internal): I'm not gonna sell you my soul.
Hol Horse (internal): Damn it! Are you even all that strong?
Hol Horse (internal): Your back is wide open!
Hol Horse (internal): Maybe your body isn't moving 
the way you want it to yet...
Hol Horse (internal): C-Come to think of it, instead of 
fighting the four guys in Joestar's party...
Hol Horse (internal): He's alone right now.
Hol Horse (internal): It'd be quicker and easier to 
blow his head to smithereens
right here and now.
Hol Horse (internal): Then all that treasure will be mine.
Hol Horse (internal): He's totally open!
Hol Horse (internal): I'm pointing the Emperor's barrel right
at him, and he hasn't even noticed.
Hol Horse (internal): I can finish him off now.
Hol Horse (internal): Just gotta pull the trigger...
Hol Horse (internal): It'll be over in an instant.
Hol Horse (internal): The Emperor was made for
killing at point blank range!
Hol Horse (internal): I can do this. I absolutely can!
DIO: What are you doing? Hurry up and get going.
Hol Horse (internal): I'll kill you!
Hol Horse (internal): I'll leave your brains all
over the floor, Mister DIO!
DIO: Are you really trying to shoot me?
Hol Horse (internal): H-He's gone.
DIO: I like you.
At the moment you tried to kill me,
DIO: you weren't sweating,
and your breathing was even.
DIO: You were absolutely calm.
As I'd expect from Hol Horse.
Hol Horse: I-I couldn't see him move.
Hol Horse: And even at that...
He didn't tear through any of these spider webs.
Hol Horse: There's no way he could have gotten behind me!
Hol Horse: It wasn't speed.
Hol Horse: How?! How did he get behind me?
Hol Horse: I don't understand.
Was that DIO's Stand, The World?
Hol Horse: You're not ready to fight them? Bullshit!
Hol Horse: I-I finally understand, Lord DIO,
Hol Horse: that I have no choice but to follow you.
Hol Horse: I-I've lost completely...
person: Ladies and gentlemen, we hope you 
enjoyed your flight from Aswan.
person: Our plane will momentarily land on
schedule at Cairo International Airport.
punk: Whoops! Sorry 'bout that.
punk b: Looks like we got to this taxi first.
punk b: See ya.
punk: What? Got a problem, dumbass?
punk b: H-How horrible...
Hol Horse: Take me to the Mena House hotel in Giza.
Hol Horse: I'm going to open up the trunk,
so don't let the sudden light hurt your eyes.
Got it?
driver: Huh? Did you just say something, sir?
Hol Horse: I wasn't talking to you.
Shut up and keep your eyes on the road.
driver: Y-Yes, sir.
Hol Horse: Boingo, I had no choice but to drag you
onto the plane since you wouldn't cooperate.
Hol Horse: Don't be a baby, Boingo.
Hol Horse: Since he got blown up by a bomb,
your brother's stuck in the 
hospital for another month.
Hol Horse: You're going to team up with me now.
Hol Horse: With your book of premonitions 
and my assassin's gun together,
Hol Horse: we're going to kill Joestar's group.
Hol Horse: Got it, Boingo?
Hol Horse: I know that you're an introvert 
who won't trust anyone
besides your brother, Oingo.
Hol Horse: But don't you want to avenge your brother?
Hol Horse: Do you want to grow up a coward, Boingo?
Hol Horse: I'm doing my best, too!
Hol Horse: We've got to fight!
Hol Horse: Get your revenge, Boingo!
Hol Horse: I'm going to untie you now.
Can you promise you won't cry or scream?
Hol Horse: All right. Good boy.
Hol Horse: Don't work yourself up. You'll get sick.
Hol Horse: I'm on your side. Don't worry.
Just relax.
driver: Sir?! Wha— Are you throwing up?!
Hol Horse: Shut up!
Hol Horse: Oh... You were airsick?
Hol Horse: Anyway, l-let's be pals, Boingo.
Boingo (internal): I'm Boingo. This is Hol Horse.
Boingo (internal): He's super mean and a total jerk!
Boingo (internal): While I was sleeping, he tied me 
up and stuffed me in a trunk,
Boingo (internal): and took me away from my brother Oingo.
Boingo (internal): It's so sad!
Boingo (internal): But even though I'm scared,
in order to avenge my brother,
Boingo (internal): I worked up my courage and 
paired up with Hol Horse.
Hol Horse: So even though you're too 
scared to get close to me,
Hol Horse: you're trying to be brave in your own way.
Hol Horse: Is it really true that your Stand's 
predictions are always right?
Hol Horse: I trusted the rumors and 
decided to team up with you,
Hol Horse: but your brother's failure worries me a bit.
Hol Horse: Answer me! They're absolute, right?!
Hol Horse: A new comic appeared on the blank page...
Boingo (internal): While Hol Horse and I
were walking along the outskirts of Cairo,
Boingo (internal): we met a very pretty lady.
Boingo (internal): Suddenly, he jump kicked her!
Boingo (internal): After being kicked, the lady was so happy,
she gave Hol Horse some jewels.
Boingo (internal): Yay! We're rich!
Hol Horse: What is this?!
Hol Horse: You've got to be kidding me!
Hol Horse: You call this a prediction, Boingo?!
Hol Horse: It's insane! There's no way this could happen!
Boingo: M-M-M-My... My Th-Thoth's 
comic book predictions
Boingo: a-a-a-are absolute!
Boingo: Yes, 100%.
Hol Horse: 100%?! Stop messing with me, kid!
Hol Horse: What kind of woman would be 
so happy about getting kicked
in the neck that she'd give me jewels?
Hol Horse: Listen, Boingo.
Hol Horse: When it comes to women,
no one's a nicer guy than me.
I have girlfriends all over the world.
Hol Horse: I may lie to women, but I've never hit one!
Hol Horse: It doesn't matter to me if she's ugly
or beautiful. I respect women.
Hol Horse: This prediction will not come true.
Because I swear, I would never hit a woman.
Hol Horse: And even if someone paid me
a ton of money, I'd never kick one.
Boingo: I-It's 100%, yes.
Hol Horse: See? Your prediction was wrong!
person: Who the hell are you?!
person: This is... There was a scorpion 
inside my lady's collar!
person: And it's a highly venomous species!
girl: What?
girl: You saw the scorpion
before it could crawl into my clothes.
person: If he hadn't crushed it,
you would have been stung...
girl: You saved my life.
Please, allow me to thank you.
girl: How about my necklace?
Please take it.
Hol Horse: We're invincible!
Hol Horse: Boingo, and I, Hol Horse, 
are an invincible duo!
person: The building in this picture, huh?
person: I've been repairing roofs in Cairo for forty years,
person: but I've never seen this place.
person: But judging from the look of the building,
it must have been built over a hundred years ago.
person: That means you should
find it eventually if you look south of here.
person: The further south you go in Cairo, 
the older the buildings are.
Polnareff: Huh...
person: Sorry I couldn't be much help.
Polnareff: No, thanks a lot. Sorry to bother you.
Joseph: Okay. I understand. Thank you.
Joseph: I called Japan...
Joseph: My daughter's condition has worsened.
Joseph: She has no strength left.
She'll only last three or four more days.
Joseph: I can feel it.
DIO is near here.
Joseph: I can feel him hiding somewhere around here.
Joseph: He's definitely close.
Avdol: Let's go.
If we keep asking around, we'll find him.
Joseph: Yes, let's go. We'll keep asking.
Hol Horse: We meet again, you familiar faces...
Hol Horse: Or something like that.
Hol Horse: To think they've gotten so 
close to Lord DIO's mansion...
Hol Horse: They're almost there.
Hol Horse: By the way...
Hol Horse: Boingo!
Hol Horse: About your new prediction... 
I really can't believe it.
Hol Horse: There's no way something that 
ridiculous could actually happen!
Boingo: M-M-M-My, my—
Hol Horse: Your predictions are 100% accurate, right?
Boingo: Th-They are, yes.
Hol Horse: Damn it! Are you telling me to believe this?
You can't be serious.
Hol Horse: "I've finally found you...
Joestar, Jotaro, Polnareff, and Avdol!
Hol Horse: Damn it! They're getting closer 
and closer to Lord DIO's mansion.
Hol Horse: You fools. I'm just going to 
shoot you in the face right now!"
Boingo (internal): ...thought Hol Horse, resentfully.
Boingo (internal): "I'll avenge my brother!"
Boingo (internal): ...I thought, angrily.
Boingo (internal): But, Hol Horse, you shouldn't even think
about using the Emperor in the marketplace.
Boingo (internal): Now, Hol Horse, stick your fingers 
up Polnareff's nose, and then...
Boingo (internal): Yay! Everyone is bleeding and out cold!
Boingo (internal): Lucky you, Hol Horse!
This is your chance to kill them all!
Hol Horse: Like hell I'm gonna believe that!
Hol Horse: You call this a prediction?
Hol Horse: Stick my fingers up Polnareff's nose?!
Hol Horse: What the hell?! Well, Boingo?!
Hol Horse: I get that it's a chance to kill them all,
but it's absolutely ludicrous.
Hol Horse: Listen. Even if that happened, 
I'd have to get close enough
to a strong guy like Polnareff to 
stick my fingers up his nose.
Hol Horse: Wouldn't it be much faster if I
just shot him with my Emperor?
Boingo: Y-You won't be able to f-fire a bullet, yes.
Boingo: E-Even if you try to shoot,
fate will make you follow the comic, yes.
Boingo: Y-You must believe, yes.
I-If you try to go against 
what's drawn in the comics,
Boingo: you will only suffer.
Boingo: I-It is fate, yes. It is 100% accurate, yes.
Hol Horse: But your brother failed.
Boingo: M-My brother was trying to save himself
and transformed into Jotaro without thinking, yes.
Boingo: If he had trusted the comic and not transformed,
Boingo: then the real Jotaro would've blown up, yes.
Boingo: The predictions are not wrong, yes.
Hol Horse: What to do...
Hol Horse: P-Polnareff is gone.
Hol Horse: Hey, where's Polnareff?
He disappeared all of a sudden.
Hol Horse (internal): Shit! It can't be...
Polnareff: Don't move!
Or I'll put a hole in you.
Hol Horse: P-Polnareff...
Polnareff: Idiot! Don't try anything funny.
Polnareff: Keep your hands where I can see them.
Polnareff: I thought I saw someone 
stalking us like a hyena,
Polnareff: and if it isn't a visit from my 
old friend, Mr. Hol Horse.
Polnareff: Still haven't learned your lesson? 
Still trying to kill us?
Polnareff: You took real good care of us in India.
Polnareff: You're lucky Avdol's alive,
or I would have killed you 
the second I saw you here.
Polnareff: Are you alone, Hol Horse?
Polnareff: 
ah, you wouldn't be here alone.
Polnareff: I'm sure you've got someone nearby.
Well? Am I right?
Hol Horse (internal): Damn it!
Polnareff (internal): At least he doesn't seem to 
have noticed Boingo yet.
Polnareff (internal): I still have a chance...
Hol Horse (internal): Your hand's showing! Your damn fingers!
Polnareff: You're not scary on your own,
but you have a talent for
discovering other people's talents.
Polnareff: Once you team up with someone who has talent,
you become terrifyingly strong.
Polnareff: So where's the Stand user
you've partnered up with?
Hol Horse (internal): Your fingers...
Hol Horse (internal): Tuck your fingers in, Boingo.
If he finds you, we're finished!
Boingo (internal): B-Believe!
You got hit because 
you tried to use your gun.
Boingo (internal): Believe in destiny.
Boingo (internal): Th-Then our victory will be absolute, yes.
Polnareff: Hey, what's under that box? 
Someone's in there!
Avdol: Hey, Polnareff, did you 
find the guy following us?
Hol Horse (internal): Gah! That's Avdol's voice! H-He's coming!
Boingo (internal): Believe, yes!
Believe, and somehow stick your 
fingers up Polnareff's nose, yes!
Hol Horse (internal): S-Seriously?! Damn it...
Hol Horse (internal): I'll do it! I just have to do it, right?
Polnareff: Whoever's under there, get out!
Hol Horse (internal): Now's my chance! 
He's looking the other way!
Polnareff: I know you're hiding under there!
Polnareff: What the?!
Hol Horse (internal): Yes!
Boingo (internal): Yay! Everyone is bleeding and out cold!
Boingo (internal): Lucky you, Hol Horse!
This is your chance to kill them all!
Hol Horse (internal): So, when the hell is this chance coming?
What am I supposed to do now?
Polnareff: What the hell are you doing, Hol Horse?
Hol Horse (internal): I'd like to know myself!
Hol Horse (internal): What the hell am I supposed to do after this?
Hol Horse (internal): What am I supposed to follow up with?
Avdol: What's the matter, Polnareff?
Avdol: He's not responding.
Jotaro: That's odd.
Hol Horse (internal): Sh-Shit! Th-The other three are coming this way!
Hol Horse (internal): Damn it!
How am I supposed to make it 
like the prediction from here?
Hol Horse (internal): What the hell am I supposed to do?!