Joseph: Everyone, hold on!
Joseph: Oh, no!
Avdol (internal): The water sank... Everyone, don't move!
Avdol (internal): No one make a sound!
Ndoul: It's too late to be quiet now.
Ndoul: I know exactly where each of you fell.
Ndoul: Four... Five steps.
They're tip-toeing.
Ndoul: I hear it, I hear it.
Avdol (internal): Now, that must have sounded like walking.
Avdol (internal): Accursed water Stand! Attack that spot.
As soon as you show yourself, 
my Magician's Red will engulf you in flames.
Avdol (internal): Here he comes!
Ndoul: Wait. Why did he take only five steps?
Ndoul: Why hasn't he moved any further?
Avdol (internal): Now!
Avdol: Magician's Red!
Avdol: What?!
Polnareff: Wha—
Joseph: Avdol!
Avdol: Who is out there?
Avdol: S-So strong...
Polnareff: Avdol!
Ndoul: That was a sneaky little plan.
I must listen more carefully.
Ndoul: Those weren't footsteps at all.
It seems he just threw
some ring-shaped objects.
Ndoul: And this burn...
That must have been Avdol.
Ndoul: But I defeated him.
Ndoul: Time to finish you...
There it is!
Ndoul: ...Avdol!
Ndoul (internal): This time, I definitely hear someone running.
Joseph: You fool! Jotaro, what are you doing?!
Ndoul (internal): Judging from the distance between 
footsteps, he's about 190...
No, 195 centimeters tall.
Ndoul (internal): It's not Joestar. These are 
a young man's footsteps.
Ndoul (internal): It must be Jotaro.
Ndoul (internal): Jotaro, where are you going?
Polnareff: Hey! It dived!
The water's started chasing after Jotaro.
Joseph: So that's what he's trying to do.
Joseph: It won't attack Avdol again, but... Jotaro!
Joseph: He's going to catch up to you!
Ndoul (internal): I've heard that Jotaro's Stand,
Star Platinum, is the most 
challenging of their Stands.
Ndoul (internal): If I can dispose of him, I'm sure 
Lord DIO will be very pleased.
Ndoul (internal): For Lord DIO, I'll give my all to defeat Jotaro.
Ndoul (internal): Jotaro picked up something 
from the ground just now.
Ndoul (internal): What was at that location?
Ndoul (internal): What was it...
Ndoul (internal): No, it wasn't a thing.
Ndoul (internal): It's the dog! Jotaro picked up the dog.
He must have realized, then.
Jotaro: Good grief, you bastard.
You jumped out of the car
before it got attacked, didn't you?
Jotaro: You can tell where the enemy's 
coming from by the smell, can't you?
Joseph: Don't stop, Jotaro!
Jotaro: Now, then. You're going to help me out, Iggy.
Jotaro: Where's he going to attack? Tell me, Iggy!
Jotaro: Otherwise, you'll die, too!
Jotaro: You won't get any gum from me, either.
Jotaro: Iggy!
Jotaro (internal): He can float, too?
Jotaro (internal): You're not getting away!
Jotaro: I may be heavy, but don't
you dare try to escape alone.
Jotaro: My Star Platinum is incredibly fast.
If you try to shake me off,
he'll snap your neck in an instant.
Ndoul (internal): What? The footsteps disappeared after the jump.
They haven't landed anywhere yet.
Ndoul (internal): Impossible....
Joseph: This is good.
Joseph: Jotaro's going to travel through the air
and use Iggy to find the enemy's body.
Joseph: If we can find the Stand user's body,
our chances of defeating
that fearsome Stand are good.
Ndoul (internal): He's gone...
The sound of Jotaro's 
footsteps has disappeared.
Where is he? Where did he go?
Ndoul (internal): Why have his footsteps stopped?
Polnareff: He's gradually losing altitude...
Polnareff: Looks like The Fool can't fly very far.
Joseph: So now it's just gliding, like a paper airplane?
Jotaro (internal): My feet are about to scrape the ground.
Jotaro (internal): Hey, don't strain so much.
Jotaro (internal): It's making you fart.
Jotaro (internal): Don't make us hit the ground.
Jotaro (internal): I guess there's no choice.
Jotaro (internal): I'll have to help you gain height 
by kicking off the ground.
Jotaro (internal): We regained quite a bit of speed from that,
Jotaro (internal): but the sound of that impact 
put us at a major disadvantage.
Jotaro (internal): He'll know now that we're 
traveling through the air.
Ndoul: I see. That dog's Stand...
Ndoul: It can fly.
Ndoul: And it's coming closer...
Ndoul: Toward me!
Ndoul: I must defeat Jotaro before he gets close!
Polnareff: That guy's Stand is chasing after Jotaro!
Polnareff: He must've figured it out from that step.
Joseph: We have no choice but to entrust this fight
Joseph: to Jotaro.
Jotaro (internal): It's coming after me.
Jotaro (internal): A helicopter is loud due to the vibrations,
but Iggy's Stand only makes 
sound as the wind hits it.
Jotaro (internal): The enemy probably can't 
figure out our exact location.
Jotaro (internal): If I can get to the Stand user 
before I lose altitude, I can win!
Jotaro (internal): I finally found him!
I'm about 400 meters away from his body!
Jotaro (internal): It seems the enemy is a blind man.
Jotaro (internal): S-Sand! Sand is falling on me!
Jotaro (internal): He's spiraling sand into the air...
Jotaro (internal): Not good!
Jotaro (internal): He can hear the sand bouncing off of us,
like a submarine's sonar!
Ndoul: I can hear it... The reflected sound.
Ndoul: I even know how high you are...
Jotaro!
Ndoul: Shoot him!
Jotaro: Star Platinum!
Ndoul: No matter how fast Star Platinum may be,
if he can't tell where I'm coming from,
I'm still a second faster!
Ndoul: One more shot!
Jotaro: Th-This dog...
Ndoul: That dog is trying to save itself!
He pointed out Jotaro's location to my Stand.
Ndoul: He's trying to abandon him!
Jotaro: B-Bastard...
Jotaro: You shitty mutt...
Ndoul: You've acquired such a
selfish dog as an ally, Jotaro.
Ndoul: This is the end.
I will gratefully bring this to an end...
Ndoul: Wha—
Ndoul: What? Something was thrown this way!
Ndoul: It's slicing through the wind...
Ndoul: What is it?
Jotaro: It's Iggy.
Jotaro: Come on, now.
If you and Iggy don't use your
Stands to defend yourselves,
there's going to be a collision.
Ndoul: This overwhelming power...
Ndoul: Curses! He's going to crash into me!
Ndoul: What kind of person is he? Throwing a dog...
Ndoul: Damn it! I was one blast away 
from finishing Jotaro...
Ndoul: Damn!
I couldn't verify Jotaro's location
because I was too busy with the dog!
Ndoul (internal): Where? Where is he?
Ndoul (internal): He's not moving...
He's staying absolutely still somewhere.
Ndoul (internal): This must be his plan!
Ndoul (internal): Where are you, Jotaro?
Where? Where the hell are you, Jotaro?
Jotaro (internal): Right here.
Ndoul: I see...
I didn't realize you had gotten so close.
If I hadn't recalled my
water Stand to defend me,
Ndoul: you would have already 
knocked me out from behind.
Ndoul: I guess I don't need to use this 
staff to help me listen anymore.
Ndoul: But I'll need this staff to help me get home.
Jotaro: You knocked off my hat.
Even the ocean couldn't manage that.
Jotaro: But don't worry. I held back.
You aren't critically injured.
Jotaro: Impossible! You just used your own Stand to...
Jotaro: What the hell are you thinking?!
Ndoul: Jotaro, surely you considered interrogating me
about the other eight of us,
who you are about to encounter.
Ndoul: Joseph Joestar's Stand, Hermit Purple,
Ndoul: is able to read thoughts.
So I must not say
Ndoul: anything that might leave
my lord at a disadvantage.
Jotaro: DIO...
Jotaro: Why are you all so loyal to DIO?
So loyal that you'd die...
Ndoul: Jotaro, I have no fear of death.
Ndoul: Because of my Stand's power,
I haven't known fear of death since I was a child.
Ndoul: I could defeat any enemy,
and could commit murders
and other crimes as I pleased.
Ndoul: The police didn't scare me at all.
Ndoul: I'm sure that dog understands how I felt.
Ndoul: He was the first and only person to make 
me feel from the bottom of my heart
that I did not wish to die by his hand.
Ndoul: He was so powerful, deep, large, and beautiful.
Ndoul: And he was the first in this world 
to acknowledge my worth.
Ndoul: I waited so long to meet him.
Ndoul: I have no fear of death, but...
I feared that he might cast me aside and kill me.
Ndoul: The evil need an evil savior.
Ndoul: I will tell you one thing.
Ndoul: My name is N'doul.
Ndoul: My Stand represents what could 
be called the Tarot's origin.
It suggests the deity Geb,
one of the nine Egyptian gods.
Ndoul: He is god of the Earth.
Jotaro: The nine Egyptian gods?!
What do you mean?!
Ndoul: I'm only going to tell you about my Stand...
Since it was my Stand that you defeated.
But that is all I'll say...
Jotaro: DIO, who makes fanatics out of people...
Just who is he?
Jotaro: And those who suggest the nine Egyptian gods...?
Jotaro: I don't know what's going on,
but all we can do is continue our journey.
Jotaro: Hey, hey. No need to be defensive. 
I'm not mad or anything.
Jotaro: From your point of view,
the old man dragged you out
into a desert against your will,
and forced you into a fight.
That had to be a real pain in the ass.
Jotaro: Hey, Iggy. Want a piece of gum?
Jotaro: Knock it off. I'm apologizing, aren't I?
Jotaro: Here.
Jotaro: Good grief. What an annoying dog.
Jotaro: You're in the middle of the desert. 
Do what you want.
Jotaro: Well, I'll be damned. 
You picked up my hat for me?
Jotaro: Maybe you're not so bad.
Jotaro: Thanks.
Jotaro: G-Gum. Y-You shitty little mutt...
Jotaro: You're no ordinary dog.
Joseph: Hey!
Jotaro!
Polnareff: Jotaro! Are you all right?
Jotaro: Good grief.
manga: Oh? Could that be manga?
manga: How unusual!
So there's manga in Egypt, too?
manga: Would you like a snack?
manga: Say... I might be asking too much,
but could I take a look at that manga?
manga: I'm a manga artist out on a research trip,
and I'm very interested 
in rare manga and books.
manga: In exchange, I'll let you use these binoculars.
manga: What's this? The title is
Oingo Boingo Brothers Adventure.
manga (internal): There's no author credit...
manga: Huh.
manga: These pictures are pretty unique.
manga: It's well-printed, and in full color!
Boingo (internal): In a certain place,
there lived two very close brothers.
Oingo (internal): My name's Oingo.
Boingo (internal): My name's Boingo.
Boingo (internal): The younger brother, Boingo, was very shy,
so he couldn't do anything
without his big brother Oingo.
He was always alone.
Boingo (internal): While his big brother, Oingo, was out,
Boingo met a traveler who was very kind to him.
Boingo (internal): The traveler gave him snacks and 
let him look through his binoculars.
Boingo (internal): Boingo had a very good time.
manga (internal): Oh, it's 10:30!
Boingo (internal): But that kind traveler
Boingo (internal): impaled his throat on an electrical pole and died.
manga: What a strange manga.
Is stuff like this popular in Egypt?
manga: And this book itself is pretty weird.
manga: The pages from here on are all blank.
manga: Nothing's been printed...
manga: So it's missing pages.
manga: But it's an oddly realistic and thrilling manga.
manga: I know I may be asking too much, 
but would you please sell me this book?
Oingo: Not happening.
manga: What?
Oingo: My little brother's book is not for sale!
Oingo: Get the hell out of here.
manga: Little brother?
Oingo: Didn't you hear me?!
Oingo: Little bro, I told you not to talk to strangers.
Oingo: There are a lot of bad people in this world.
person: Everyone! The bus for Aswan is about to depart!
Oingo: Let's go.
They should be heading to
a hospital in Aswan to treat their wounded.
Oingo: I see...
Oingo: I guess we can't do much about that.
We'll have to wait for the next bus.