Judgment: I'm sure it's quite the shock,
Judgment: dying because your sister ate you.
Judgment: When a man wishes from the heart,
Judgment: all of his greatest weaknesses come to light.
Judgment: You didn't even think about how unnatural
it is to bring someone back to life.
Judgment: You want to believe that the one you loved
is still alive somewhere on this Earth.
Judgment: You hope that they'll suddenly pop 
in tomorrow and say, "Good morning."
Judgment: By the way...
Judgment: You said something about a third wish,
Judgment: but you've already made
your third wish, haven't you?
Polnareff: You don't mean...
Judgment: "Bring Avdol back to life."
Judgment: Hail 2 U!
Polnareff (internal): No... He's...
Polnareff: Avdol!
Polnareff: Av... dol...
Avdol: My fingers... fell apart.
Avdol: Polnareff!
avdol: This is your fault...
avdol: Because of you, I... I...
Avdol: Ended up like this...
Polnareff (internal): Avdol... I... I made you...
Polnareff: I...
Avdol: I'll have you pay for this, Polnareff.
Avdol: With...
Avdol: your body!
Sherry: I'll get better if I eat, right?
Sherry: Right?
Sherry: Brother!
Sherry: What's the matter, Brother?
Polnareff: S-Stay away! Stay away from me!
Polnareff: Both of you... Return to the ground, please!
Sherry: Why? You're the one who brought us back.
Avdol: It's your turn to enter the ground!
Polnareff (internal): I-I was so freaked out that 
I forgot to summon Chariot.
Polnareff (internal): I was so caught up in my wish 
that I forgot to use my Stand...
Polnareff: Get away from me, please!
Polnareff: Get away from me!
Polnareff: What?!
Judgment: "Please"? Nope! You don't have any wishes left.
Judgment: I've already granted your three wishes.
Judgment: You don't get any more.
Polnareff: Stop!
Judgment: Hail 2 U!
Judgment: Make sure you cry and scream
all you can before you die.
Judgment: You're in this island's backwoods.
Judgment: Your voice won't reach the shore. 
No one will come to save you.
Polnareff (internal): I-It's no use. I'm done for...
Polnareff (internal): I'm going to die. I'm beaten.
Polnareff (internal): Sherry...
Polnareff (internal): Avdol...
Polnareff (internal): Even though they're just clay dolls, 
it's not so bad being defeated by them.
Polnareff (internal): Avdol, just like you said, you died because of me.
Polnareff (internal): I have no complaints about 
whatever happens to me.
Polnareff (internal): What...?
Polnareff (internal): Are my eyes so blurry that I'm seeing double?
Polnareff (internal): It looks like there are two Avdols.
Polnareff (internal): Of course there's only one clay doll.
Polnareff (internal): If I'm seeing things, I guess that 
means death is really close now.
Polnareff (internal): Not to mention how much I'm bleeding...
It makes sense that I'd hallucinate.
Polnareff (internal): Then... I guess I'll die.
I'll have to tap out early.
Polnareff (internal): Goodbye, Mr. Joestar, Kakyoin, Jotaro...
Polnareff (internal): I pray for your victory.
Polnareff (internal): Avdol, for you...
Polnareff (internal): I'll atone in the next world...
Judgment: What?! Impossible!
Polnareff: I knew it! There is another Avdol!
Polnareff: My eyes weren't playing tricks!
Polnareff: Besides the clay doll Avdol...
Polnareff: There's another Avdol!
Avdol: Magician's Red!
Judgment: Impossible! He should have been dead!
Judgment: He was stabbed by the Hanged Man, J. Geil!
Polnareff: He should be dead...
Avdol: Tsk, tsk.
Polnareff: Mohammed Avdol!
Avdol: Yes, I am!
Polnareff: I-Is it really you?
Avdol: Tsk, tsk.
Avdol: Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk.
Polnareff: I-Is it the real you?
Avdol: Polnareff, you haven't matured a bit.
Avdol: You're still going on
about your sister without
thinking of the consequences.
Judgment: Impossible!
Judgment: There's no way you can be alive!
Judgment: I was told that after you were stabbed in the back,
Judgment: Hol Horse blew your brains out,
and you died on the spot.
Avdol: Indeed, I was shot. Right in the forehead...
Avdol: But because I was stabbed 
in the back, for a moment,
my face was looking up.
Avdol: Meaning, the bullet grazed me.
Avdol: I guess this is what you call a blessing in disguise.
Avdol: Hol Horse's bullet only scratched my skin and skull,
Avdol: so it never reached my brain,
and wasn't a mortal wound.
Avdol: But I did completely lose consciousness.
Avdol: Cameo of the Judgment card, was it?
Avdol: I'll give you Hell!
Avdol: Hell 2 U!
Polnareff: The third wish... Just the third wish...
Polnareff: It's real.
Polnareff: It came true.
Avdol: Mohammed Avdol is alive.
Avdol: This bad news...
Shouldn't you hurry and tell DIO and your 
other Stand user buddies about it?
Avdol: Shouldn't you, Cameo?
Polnareff (internal): That's right! I have to tell them!
I have to let them know!
Polnareff (internal): Mr. Joestar, Kakyoin, and Jotaro!
Judgment: This is, indeed, very surprising news.
Judgment: But I can turn that news into this:
Judgment: Judgement's Cameo not only 
killed the idiot Polnareff,
Judgment: but also killed Avdol,
who was actually still alive!
Judgment: Oh! I shall change it into good news!
Avdol: Magician's Red!
Judgment: Whoa, there.
Polnareff: Avdol!
Avdol: This Stand is rather powerful...
Polnareff: Be careful! It's not just power.
He's got speed, too.
Judgment: Avdol, is that all you've got?
Judgment: It looks like I'll be able to 
share my good news after all.
Judgment: May fortune...
Judgment: be with you both!
Avdol: What?!
Judgment: Hail 2 U!
Sherry: Brother...
Polnareff: No. My Sherry...
Polnareff: Sherry... died.
Polnareff: You're...
Polnareff: just...
Polnareff: a clay doll!
Sherry: Brother...
Avdol: Polnareff.
Avdol: My apologies. I take back my 
statement that you hadn't matured.
Polnareff: No, you were right.
Polnareff: I should be the one to apologize.
Judgment: This battle has been decided.
Judgment: Avdol! Tell me your three wishes! 
I shall grant them for you.
Judgment: Before you die for real this time!
Judgment: Go ahead! Give it a shot.
You get three wishes.
Polnareff: Bastard! He's making fools of us!
Polnareff: Avdol, ignore him.
You don't have to make any wishes.
Polnareff: Avdol, are you listening to me?
Avdol: No...
Avdol: Make it four.
Polnareff: Wha?!
Judgment: What?
Avdol: Wishes. I mean wishes!
Avdol: I wish to make the three wishes into four.
Avdol: Tsk, tsk.
Judgment: You can't be serious...
Avdol: Are you denying my wish?
Cameo, you're the one that offered!
Avdol: I will have you keep your promise!
Judgment: You still insist upon this futile contest of power?
Judgment: Such a weak kick.
Judgment: What?!
Polnareff: Yes! Awesome!
Avdol: Tsk, tsk. My first wish was 
to make you scream in pain.
Avdol: It came true.
Judgment: I-Impossible! You're strong! 
You're much stronger than earlier!
Avdol: The wound left after I was stabbed by the
Hanged Man hasn't completely healed yet.
Avdol: I was guarding that wound earlier,
so I couldn't use all of my strength.
Judgment: Wha—
Avdol: I was finally able to stand again 
just three days ago in India.
Avdol: I was able to take a plane here,
so the trip was very easy.
Polnareff: Nothing less from you, Avdol!
Avdol: Now, my second wish...
Avdol: To make you scream in fear! 
And my third wish...
Avdol: To make you cry in regret!
Polnareff: Th-That bastard! He's running away!
Wait, damn you!
Avdol: Shh. Be quiet, Polnareff.
Avdol: With that kind of power and speed...
It is the rule of Stands that the 
user must be somewhere nearby.
Polnareff (internal): Is he here?
Avdol (internal): He should be hiding very close by.
Polnareff: Could that be—
Avdol: Shh!
Polnareff (internal): The user is hiding beneath the ground?!
Damn him! What should I do with him?
Polnareff (internal): He had the nerve to use my sister, 
so I'll show him Hell!
Hell 2 U!
Polnareff (internal): Bastard!
Polnareff: I'm gonna drop all sorts of things in there...
Polnareff: Like dirt, sand...
Polnareff: A spider...
Polnareff: And ants...
Polnareff: And a match.
Polnareff: Bastard! I'm not done yet! Not yet! Not yet!
Avdol: Hey, Polnareff.
I do believe nature is calling.
Avdol: Shall we engage in the
timeless ritual of male bonding,
Avdol: and take a piss together?
Avdol: Tsk, tsk.
Polnareff: Huh?
Cameo: I somehow made it.
Avdol: C'mon! Laugh, Polnareff!
Avdol: Laugh! Laugh, Polnareff!
Polnareff: Avdol... Did your personality change?
Polnareff: You weren't a guy who thought up 
perverse stuff like this before.
Polnareff: It's not because you were shot in the head, is it?
Avdol: Come now, aim for it!
Polnareff: Right!
Cameo: Please forgive me!
Avdol: My fourth wish. That is...
Avdol: To not listen to your wishes.
Avdol: Magician's Red won't forgive you.
Avdol: Not happening.
Polnareff: Ba-dum-tss!
Polnareff: Hey! You'll never believe this, guys!
Polnareff: Who do you think I met?
Joseph: Polnareff! We were worried about you!
Kakyoin: Where did you get those wounds?
Jotaro: Were you attacked?
Polnareff: Who cares about my wounds?
Listen! Don't be shocked, Jotaro!
Polnareff: Don't let your back go out in shock, Kakyoin.
Polnareff: Who do you think I met, Mr. Joestar?
Polnareff: Behold and rejoice!
Polnareff: Tum-ta-da-da!
Polnareff: Here he is!
Polnareff: That bastard Avdol was alive!
Doo-do-doo!
Joseph: Well, let's go.
Avdol: I'll help you carry your luggage.
Jotaro: Hey, Avdol.
Kakyoin: It's been a while. How are you?
Joseph: Avdol, is that wound on your back all right?
Avdol: It's fine. A bit stiff, though.
Polnareff: Hey...
Jotaro: Has it really been two weeks?
Thank goodness we're all still okay.
Polnareff: Hey...
Avdol: Jotaro, you still wear all that stuff? 
Don't you get hot?
Polnareff: W-Wait a minute, you guys!
Polnareff: Hey! I said wait, you assholes!
Polnareff: Hey, what's the deal with that attitude?!
Polnareff: A guy who was dead came back to life!
What the hell?! Why are you 
having normal conversations?!
Joseph: Oh, Polnareff, I'm sorry. 
When I said I buried Avdol in India...
Joseph: That was a lie.
Polnareff: Wh— Wh— What?!
Avdol: It was Mr. Joestar and Jotaro who tended
the wounds on my head and back in India.
Polnareff: Y-You assholes knew that Avdol was still
alive in India, and you didn't tell me?!
Polnareff: You, too, Kakyoin?!
Kakyoin: I only found out the day after.
Kakyoin: But we couldn't let the enemy know.
Kakyoin: And since you have such a big mouth...
Kakyoin: Pardon. Since you can't lie,
I suggested that we keep it a secret from you.
Jotaro: If you'd let the secret slip,
Avdol couldn't have recovered in peace.
Kakyoin: We were planning to tell you 
as soon as we knew he was safe,
but we had no idea you'd run into him first.
Polnareff: Oh, yeah, Avdol!
Polnareff: Your dad is on this island!
Polnareff: Let's let him know you're here!
Avdol: Oh, that was me in disguise.
Polnareff: Wh-What?!
Th-Then you guys... That was all...
Avdol: Go away!
Avdol: No one comes to see me with good news!
Avdol: I don't want to hear it!
Joseph: Avdol's death was not your fault.
Polnareff: Did you have to go that far?!
How dare you guys leave me out like that?!
Joseph: Hey, now. There's no reason to cry.
Kakyoin: I'm sorry. I didn't think you'd be this hurt.
Avdol: I'm sorry, Polnareff.
There's a reason I came to this island in disguise.
Polnareff: A reason?
Joseph: It was partially so the enemy wouldn't find out,
but I also had Avdol do a little shopping for me.
Polnareff: A little shopping?
Avdol: It was a very conspicuous purchase.
So I disguised myself as a
rich Arab when I bought it.
Joseph: Now, everyone, we're gonna ride that and leave!
Joseph: Polnareff, cheer up already. Come on.
Joseph: It's almost here!
Polnareff: Wait, what's almost here?
Polnareff: There's nothing—
Polnareff: What?!
Polnareff: A submarine?!
Joseph: That's right. From here, we'll ride to Egypt in this!
Polnareff: Y-You're kidding! You really 
bought something like this?!