Polnareff: Hey, now. Does someone actually live here?
Polnareff: It's such a tiny little island, 
and it looks deserted.
Kakyoin: Indeed. Mr. Joestar, does he really live here?
Joseph: He lives here by himself.
That's what he told me back in India.
Kakyoin: Eh? Who do you mean by "he"?
Polnareff: What? Indian curry?
Jotaro: Hey. Someone's watching us 
from the grass over there.
Polnareff: What?
Polnareff: He's running away!
Kakyoin: From the back, he looks...
Polnareff: Yeah. That's definitely familiar!
Polnareff: Hold it! Please wait!
dad: Come, now. Are you hungry, Michael? Prince?
dad: I kept the nutritional balance in mind 
and mixed in the shells you love, too.
dad: There's more over here.
dad: Get nice and fat so you'll 
be a tasty chicken, Lionel.
Kakyoin: That man... He can't be...
Polnareff: It can't be...
Joseph: Hold it!
Joseph: I'll go talk to him. All of you, wait here.
Joseph: My name is Joseph Joestar.
I'm traveling to Egypt with these three—
dad: Go away! I won't hear it!
Polnareff: That voice...
dad: D-Don't talk to me!
dad: No one comes to see me with good news!
dad: It's only when something bad happens!
I don't want to hear it!
dad: Go away!
Kakyoin: Mr. Avdol!
Jotaro: Avdol...
dad: Go away!
both: I-It can't be!
Joseph: That's Avdol's...
Joseph: father.
Polnareff: His father?
Joseph: He left the world behind, 
and lives alone on this island.
Joseph: I didn't tell any of you about this
Joseph: because if DIO were to find 
out  that we had stopped here,
Joseph: the peace Avdol's father
enjoys here could be compromised.
Joseph: I didn't want to let that happen.
Joseph: But telling him about his son Avdol's death
Joseph: won't be easy to do...
Avdol: Polnareff!
Joseph: Avdol's death was not your fault.
Joseph: No, it's my responsibility.
Joseph: I have to carry that.
Kakyoin: Is his father a Stand user, as well?
Joseph: Yes, but I don't know what sort of Stand it is.
Kakyoin: Given how his father has treated us,
it's hard to imagine he'll help us.
Joseph: Leave this all to me.
Joseph: I'll try talking to his father.
Polnareff: Even if it was to avenge my sister's death,
Polnareff: I'm still the one who let Avdol die.
Polnareff: I'm sure there's nothing I can 
do to make it up to his father...
Polnareff: How depressing.
Polnareff: This is pretty shiny.
Polnareff: I wonder if it drifted up from some sunken ship...
Polnareff: It's got barnacles all over it.
Polnareff: Looks like it's made of gold, but...
Polnareff: There's some creepy face carved into it.
Polnareff: But it looks valuable.
Polnareff: I'll try to rub these barnacles off.
Polnareff: Wh-What the?!
Polnareff: I-It's gone!
Polnareff: Wh-What was that just now?
Polnareff: Did the air trapped inside 
burst out all of a sudden?
Polnareff: It's not Aladdin's magic lamp or anything...
Polnareff: That scared me to death.
Judgment: Three!
Judgment: You get three!
Judgment: I'll grant your wishes.
Judgment: Tell me three things you desire.
Judgment: Wh-What the hell is this?!
Judgment: My name is Cameo.
I want to thank you for 
freeing me from the lamp.
Judgment: So tell me your three wishes.
Polnareff: Are you a new Stand user?!
Polnareff: Silver Chariot!
Polnareff (internal): H-He's pretty good.
Polnareff (internal): He's got incredible power...
Polnareff: Hey! Judging from your power, 
your user must be close by!
Polnareff: Who is it?!
Judgment: Is the answer to that question your first wish?
Judgment: Are you sure you want to 
make a boring wish like that?
Polnareff: Don't "I'll grant you three wishes" me!
Polnareff: Are you saying you could make me 
a super rich man right now?
Polnareff: Huh?!
Judgment: Is that your first wish?
Polnareff: Just try it if you can!
Stop messing with me, damn it!
Judgment: Very well. I'll grant that wish.
Judgment: Hail 2 U!
Polnareff: Wha...
Polnareff: What the hell was that?
Polnareff (internal): It wasn't the enemy's Stand?
Polnareff (internal): What a strange guy.
He didn't attack me, but 
told me to make three wishes.
Polnareff (internal): I don't know what's going on, 
but I've got to be cautious.
Polnareff (internal): Something's on this island.
Polnareff: I'll have to tell Mr. Joestar 
about what just happened.
Polnareff: It could have something to do 
with Avdol's father, as well.
Polnareff: What's that?
I hear a really loud metallic sound...
Polnareff: Th-This is... It can't be!
Polnareff: Th-This is gold from the 
apoleonic era.
Polnareff: It's not an illusion, or a dream.
Polnareff: It's the real thing.
It's a real treasure of gold!
Polnareff: A-Are you mocking me?!
Polnareff: No... If he were mocking me, 
when did he bury this here?
Polnareff (internal): He didn't have time to bury 
this after I made my wish.
Polnareff (internal): How'd he bring this here?
Judgment: Tell me your second wish.
Judgment: I shall grant it for you.
Polnareff: Y-You bastard! What are you plotting, 
doing something like this?!
Polnareff: Like I'd fall for your trap!
Polnareff: If you're my enemy, act like it, and fight me!
Polnareff: Or I'm going to take this treasure.
Judgment: Is the answer to that 
question your second wish?
Judgment: Are you sure you want to 
make a boring wish like that?
Judgment: To thank you for letting me out of 
that lamp, I will grant you any wish.
Polnareff: Y-You bastard!
Polnareff: All right... Then, make me...
Polnareff: A manga artist!
Polnareff: That was my dream as a kid!
Polnareff: I want to be bigger than Disney!
Polnareff: Don't make me some pathetic sap.
Polnareff: I'm going to build Polnareffland!
Polnareff: W-Wait, hold on.
Polnareff: Hold on just a second.
Polnareff: Wait, just wait...
Polnareff: Actually, I want a girlfriend!
Polnareff: More than wealth and fame...
Polnareff: I want love!
Polnareff: Someone who's really cute,
Polnareff: and a relationship like we're 
bound by the red string of fate...
Polnareff: I want to meet a girl who feels the way I do!
Polnareff: If you can do that, do it right now, damn it!
Judgment: A girl, eh? Very well.
Polnareff: N-No, wait. Actually, hold on a sec.
Polnareff: Can you...
Polnareff: bring someone back...
from the dead?
Judgment: Is the answer to that 
question your second wi—
Polnareff: Oh, stop that already!
Bring my dead sister back to life!
Polnareff: Bring my friend, Avdol, back to life!
Polnareff: You can't do that, can you?!
Judgment: Very well.
Judgment: I'll grant that wish.
Polnareff: Wh-What?!
Polnareff: You said... you can grant that?
Judgment: Indeed. But you made two wishes there,
Judgment: so I'll grant them one at a time.
Judgment: I'll start with your second wish, your sister.
Judgment: Hail 2 U!
Polnareff: H-Hold it! Who the hell are you?!
Polnareff: Why would you—
Polnareff: Wh-What was that sound?
Polnareff: That sound I just heard...
Polnareff: I-It sounded like the ground was being dug up...
Polnareff: I hear the digging again!
Wh-What is that sound?!
Polnareff: I-It can't be!
Polnareff: A-A woman crying?
Polnareff: Who the hell is there?!
Polnareff: Th-This is...
Polnareff: H-Hair...
A woman's hair.
Polnareff: A woman's footsteps...
Polnareff: I-Impossible!
Polnareff: It can't be... It can't be true...
Polnareff: My little sister is buried back at home in France...
Polnareff: Who the hell are you?
Just who the hell are you?!
Sherry: Don't... come near me...
Sherry: I'm in pain...
My body's not complete yet...
Polnareff: That voice...
Polnareff: Sherry!
Joseph: Where did Polnareff go?
Kakyoin: He's not here, either.
It's gotten rather dark. 
Where could he have gone?
Jotaro: He couldn't have run into the enemy, could he?
Polnareff: Sh-Sherry...
Polnareff: Is that you?
Polnareff: It is you, isn't it?
Polnareff: Wh-Where are you going?
Polnareff: Where are you going, Sherry?!
Polnareff: It's me! Please wait!
Polnareff: Why are you running away, Sherry?!
Polnareff: Where are you? Please, let me see you!
Polnareff: Please wait, Sherry!
Polnareff: Let me see your face... Just one more time...
Sherry: Brother!
Sherry: Brother! Raise me higher! Higher!
Sherry: Yay! Now spin!
Sherry: Oh, how lovely! I've been 
wanting a new umbrella.
Sherry: Thank you, Brother.
Sherry: I'm off, now.
Polnareff: Sherry! Sherry!
Polnareff: What... is this dead bird?
Polnareff: It looks like it was bitten apart.
Polnareff: Sherry!
Polnareff: Are you there? Why are you running?
Polnareff: It's me, your older brother!
Sherry: Because... I'm covered in dirt...
Sherry: And my hair is all scraggly...
Polnareff: Don't worry about that, Sherry!
Polnareff: No matter how dirty, you're still you.
Polnareff: Why are you crying?
Polnareff: Why are you sad, Sherry?
Polnareff: Sherry...
Sherry: No.
Sherry: No, don't.
Sherry: Don't come near me!
Polnareff: B-But why? What are you saying?
Sherry: Because...
You'll hate me.
Polnareff: Hate you? Have I ever said that I hated you?
Sherry: You have.
Sherry: When we were kids...
Sherry: When I gave your tropical fish to the cat...
Sherry: You got really angry and said you hated me.
Polnareff: Yeah, I was angry then,
but I've always loved you!
Polnareff: Even now!
Sherry: Really?
Sherry: You've always loved me?
Polnareff: Of course I have!
Sherry: You'll love me, no matter what I do?
Polnareff: I'll always love you, no matter what.
Sherry, you really are Sherry.
Polnareff: You don't know how much I've missed you.
Sherry: I see.
I feel the same, Brother.
Polnareff: Sherry, please look this way.
Polnareff: Please show me your face.
Polnareff: Why are you crying? Why are you sad?
Sherry: Sad?
Sherry: No, Brother.
Sherry: I'm not crying because I'm sad.
Polnareff: Huh? Then...
Sherry: I'm...
Sherry: happy...
because I can eat you, Brother!
Polnareff: Ch-Chariot!
Polnareff: Sher... ry...
Sherry: I'm sorry that I bit you, Brother.
Sherry: My body's not complete yet.
Sherry: But if I eat your flesh, 
Brother, I'll return to normal.
Sherry: It's okay if I eat you, right?
Sherry: You always did what I asked you to.
Polnareff: Cameo!
Judgment: What is it?
Polnareff: Y-You bastard!
Judgment: What? Do you have a complaint?
Judgment: I granted your wish.
Judgment: My only power is to grant wishes.
The rest is up to you.
Polnareff: Th-Then I'll tell you my third wish!
Polnareff: Make my sister...
Polnareff: Make my sister...
Polnareff: Make my sister disappear! 
Return her to the earth!
Judgment: Nooope!
Polnareff: What?!
Judgment: You still don't get it, Polnareff?
Judgment: I'm a Stand!
Judgment: I'm the Stand that suggests the Judgment card!
Judgment: My power is to grant the wishes people hold
deep in their hearts, giving them form from dirt.
Judgment: You made your own sister, 
from your own heart!
Polnareff: Y-You...
Judgment: Anything you've created, I cannot unmake.
Judgment: I win this battle!
Judgment: By the way...
Judgment: You said something about a third wish,
Judgment: but you've already made
your third wish, haven't you?
Polnareff: You—
Polnareff: You don't mean...