Enya (internal): Polnareff... I want to kill you!
Enya (internal): I want to avenge my son
by ripping out your insides!
Polnareff: Hey, old lady!
Enya (internal): But I can't let him find
Hol Horse's corpse right now.
Polnareff: She's not behind the counter, either.
Enya (internal): It'll be even worse if 
the other three show up.
Enya (internal): I need to kill them one by one, damn it.
Enya (internal): Go away for now!
Polnareff: Old lady, are you here?
Polnareff: I thought I heard some kind of crash.
Is everything okay?
Polnareff: I'm coming in, old lady.
Polnareff: Whoa!
Enya: Ouch...
Polnareff: What happened, old lady?
Enya: Oh, it's nothing.
Enya: I just fell and banged my hip.
Polnareff: You fell?
That's really dangerous. You 
recently burned your left hand, too.
Polnareff: You sure are careless.
Enya: Thank you for your concern. 
I'm sorry... I'll be fine.
Enya: No problem at all.
Enya (internal): Get out!
Who said you could come in here, damn it?!
Enya (internal): I'll spare you my wrath for now...
Enya (internal): But later on, I'll kill you
just like I killed Hol Horse!
Enya (internal): I just need to give you a little wound...
Enya (internal): And I can make you a puppet 
for my Justice to control!
Polnareff: There we go... Here's your staff.
Polnareff: What? You seem to be sweating a lot.
Enya: No, really, don't worry about me.
Enya: Please just go rest in your room.
Polnareff: Are you sure?
Polnareff: But, are you running
this hotel all by yourself?
Polnareff: Don't you have any other family?
A son, maybe?
Polnareff: Huh? What was that?
Enya: E-Er, I was just saying I've 
gotten used to living alone.
Polnareff: I see...
Polnareff: But isn't it lonely?
Polnareff: Like, say your son had a wife.
Polnareff: Your grandkids could run 
around happily in the lobby.
Polnareff: It'd be a little noisy, but...
Polnareff: Aren't families great?
Polnareff: If you had kids, would they be older than me?
Polnareff: What's wrong?
Did they move to the big city, or something?
Enya: N-No. They've passed away.
Polnareff: Oh, I'm so sorry.
I've been totally rude, then...
Enya (internal): You're the asshole that killed him, god damn it!
Enya (internal): I'm going to kill you! Kill you!
Polnareff: Here, have a seat.
Polnareff: Want me to rub your shoulders?
Polnareff: I'm alone, too.
Polnareff: I lost my mother when I was really young.
Polnareff: This makes me think of my mom...
Polnareff: Tonight,
you can think of me as your son...
Polnareff: and ask anything you want of me.
Enya (internal): You stupid little brat!
Maybe I should kill you right now after all!
Polnareff: Wow, you're really tense.
Polnareff: I guess it's really been tough on you.
Polnareff: Wh-Who is that?
Enya (internal): H-Hol Horse? You're still alive?
Enya (internal): You must have made your
Stand disappear as soon as it
shot the bullet into your mouth!
Polnareff: Th-That face!
Hol Horse: P-Polnareff! Behind you...
Polnareff: You're Hol Horse!
Polnareff: Wha—
Polnareff: What are you doing?!
Enya: Shut up! I'm the mother of 
J. Geil, whom you killed!
Polnareff: Chariot!
Polnareff: Why, you... You're a Stand user?!
Enya: All those responsible for
my son's murder will die!
Polnareff: M-Mr. Joestar!
Enya: It's too late.
I've already made sure that
you can't contact the other three.
Enya: Because...
Enya: I've summoned them.
Polnareff: Who the hell are you guys?!
Polnareff: Y-You're...
Polnareff: The Indian traveler we found dead
Polnareff: as soon as we got to town...
Polnareff: These corpses are moving?!
Enya: This is my Stand, Justice's ability!
Enya: No one can have more than one Stand, 
but Justice is a fog Stand
Enya: that can control corpses!
Enya: It can control hundreds, even thousands!
Polnareff: Aren't you taking this
unjustified grudge a bit far?
Polnareff: To think that such a twisted 
Stand user was after us...
Hol Horse: The whole town's trying to kill you.
Hol Horse: A-And if you get wounded, this will happen...
Enya: I just need to give you a little scratch.
Enya: Just a little one.
Enya: Then my Stand, Justice, will kill you!
Enya: Get him!
Polnareff: I'm outta here!
Hol Horse: Polnareff! Don't leave me here!
Polnareff: Oh, shut up! Did you forget about Avdol?
Polnareff: I have no obligation to help you!
You can just die there!
Enya: I'm not letting you get away, Polnareff!
Enya: I'll yank your brain out!
Enya: I'll break your spine in half!
Enya: I'll crush you to death!
Enya: I will get vengeance for my son!
Polnareff (internal): How terrifying!
Polnareff (internal): Can an old woman really run this fast?!
Enya: Take this!
Enya: Damn it! He ran into the back room!
Enya: After him! Break down that door!
Polnareff: Wh-What the hell...
Polnareff: This is a hallway leading 
down to the basement.
Polnareff: Even if I try to contact 
Mr. Joestar and the others,
Polnareff: I'm so far away now, they'd never hear me!
Polnareff: I don't think I'd lose if 
I fought on my own, but...
Polnareff: If I get even a scratch on me, I'll be in trouble.
Polnareff: She'll open a hole in me, and control me.
Polnareff: D-Damn it... Isn't there a way outside?
Polnareff: I can't get out the windows 
since there are bars on them.
Polnareff: Damn it...
Polnareff: I'll hide in this room.
Polnareff (internal): That's the sound of the door breaking...
Polnareff (internal): A-At this rate, I'm going to have to fight.
Polnareff (internal): But I can't let them land even one scratch on me.
Polnareff (internal): I hear them walking down the hallway.
Polnareff (internal): They must be checking the other doors.
Polnareff (internal): Damn it, they're getting 
closer and closer to here.
Polnareff (internal): Not to mention... What the hell?
Polnareff (internal): Now that I look at it, 
is this room a bathroom?
Polnareff (internal): I always seem to get attacked in bathrooms...
Polnareff (internal): Damn it, the toilet is so dirty...
Polnareff (internal): All right, come at me.
Polnareff (internal): But the second you walk in, my Chariot 
will chop up four of you in a single breath.
Polnareff (internal): Wh-What?
Polnareff (internal): Now I don't hear anything.
Polnareff (internal): Those things... That old hag...
Polnareff (internal): What the hell are they doing?
Polnareff (internal): Aren't they going to break down the door?
Polnareff (internal): What the hell are they doing?
Polnareff (internal): React in some way, damn it!
Polnareff: They were looking in from the other side!
Polnareff: What the hell?!
Polnareff: Sh-Shit...
Polnareff: He stabbed me in the tongue!
Enya: Well done! You've finally
fallen under my Justice's control!
Enya: You shitty little brat!
Enya: Now if you don't open that door 
and come out on your own,
I'm going to crush your face, you dumbass.
Enya: Laugh!
Enya: How very pitiful, Polnareff.
Enya: Very pitiful, indeed!
Enya: But because of your cowardly 
actions, my son, J. Geil,
died feeling even sadder and more pitiful!
Enya: Well, now... How about we 
have you clean the bathroom,
Enya: Polnareff?
Enya: Lick the toilet until it's clean.
Enya: Lick it all up!
Enya: Lick it all up...
Like that!
Polnareff (internal): A-Anything but that...
Polnareff (internal): Anything but that!
Polnareff (internal): Help...
Enya: Wh-What is it?
Enya: You just walked in without knocking...
Enya: What do you need?
Jotaro: I'm looking for Polnareff.
Jotaro: And I did knock.
Jotaro: Maybe you didn't hear me because you
were too busy doing something else,
Jotaro: old lady.
Jotaro: I'm looking for Polnareff. Have you seen him?
Enya (internal): What should I do?
Unlike Polnareff, this Jotaro is clever,
and knows the right questions to ask.
Enya (internal): The moment I act dumb,
he'll think that I'm suspicious.
Enya (internal): So troublesome.
Enya (internal): I'll tell him the truth, and as soon 
as he turns his back to me,
Enya (internal): I'll stab him with these scissors!
Enya (internal): After that, my Stand will beat him to death.
Enya: Yes, of course.
Enya: I know exactly where Mr. Polnareff is, Mr. Jotaro.
Jotaro: Oh?
Polnareff (internal): Crap... Jotaro doesn't know
Polnareff (internal): that even the smallest scratch will spell his doom.
Polnareff (internal): D-Don't come here!
Go tell Mr. Joestar and Kakyoin!
Polnareff (internal): That old lady is the Stand user!
Enya: He was just here. He's in the 
bathroom now, Mr. Jotaro.
Jotaro: Oh, he's in the bathroom? 
Is it inside this door here?
Enya: Yes, that's right.
Enya: Just go through that door,
and it's the last door at the end of the hall.
Enya (internal): You fool! You are a child, after all!
Enya (internal): If I kill Polnareff, it'll make 
my son in heaven happy!
Enya (internal): If I kill Jotaro, it'll make 
Lord DIO in Egypt happy!
Jotaro: Oh, that's right.
Jotaro: I forgot to ask, old lady...
Jotaro: Oh? What's wrong, old lady? 
You just fell down.
Jotaro: Did you trip on something?
Enya: Th-That was too close...
Jotaro: Oh, yeah, that's really dangerous.
Jotaro: Falling while holding scissors...
Thank goodness something terrible didn't happen.
Jotaro: Thank goodness.
Jotaro: Sorry to ask before you even get up, 
but I have more questions for you.
Jotaro: Why did you just call me Jotaro?
Jotaro: I never told you my name,
and no one's said my name in front of you.
Jotaro: That's what I want to know.
Jotaro: Well, answer me.
Jotaro: Maybe it's because I liked Columbo as a kid,
Jotaro: but when something bothers me, 
I can't even sleep at night.
Enya: Wh-Why do you suspect me?
Enya: The hotel register!
Enya: You wrote your name on 
the hotel register earlier!
Enya: It's so dry in here.
Enya: You wrote "Jotaro Kujo."
Jotaro: Oh?
Jotaro: You mean this thing?
Enya: Yes, that exact thing!
Enya: "Qtaro Kujo"?
Jotaro: "Jotaro" isn't written anywhere.
Jotaro: I suspected you from the moment you 
called me "Joestar" when we first met.
Jotaro: I told the others not to use my name.
Jotaro: And yet, you knew my name... Which means...
Jotaro: It's no use playing stupid.
Jotaro: I already know you're one of the 
Stand users that's after us, old hag.
Jotaro: Well, what's wrong?
Jotaro: Aren't you going to show me your Stand?
Enya: I've already shown it to you!
Enya: My Stand, Justice, will win!
Enya: I just need one spot! One little spot!
Enya: You've fallen into my trap, Jotaro!
Jotaro: Polnareff!
Hol Horse: Jotaro, it's me, Hol Horse!
Hol Horse: Enyaba's Stand is a fog Stand.
Hol Horse: Your wound will turn into a hole like mine,
and she'll control you with the fog.
Hol Horse: She can even control corpses!
Enya: Shut your mouth, Hol Horse!
Enya: Can you punch fog with your fist?
Can you cut fog with your sword?
Enya: Can you shoot fog with your gun?
Enya: Futile! Absolutely futile!
Enya: You guys can't do anything!
Hol Horse: Th-That's the ultimate Stand!
Hol Horse: Our little Stands don't stand a chance.
Hol Horse: There's nothing that can defeat that Stand.
Enya: Yes, yes, keep them coming.
Enya: Say more things like that.
Enya: Now I'll control you, too, Jotaro!
Polnareff: R-Run, Jotaro! You'll get a hole in your leg!
Jotaro: Good grief.
Jotaro: There's no reason to run.
Jotaro: Before that old hag takes another breath,
Jotaro: I'll defeat that Stand.
Enya: Oh? What was that?
Enya: Before I do what one more time?
You stupid little brat!
Enya: Before I take another breath?
I'll do that right—
Enya: Just once...
Enya: What...?
Polnareff: Jotaro's Star Platinum has
begun inhaling Justice's face...
Enya: P-Please stop...
Polnareff: ...and he's holding it in!
Polnareff: At this rate, she won't be able to breathe!
Well, now...
Jotaro: It looks like her head is full of
the fog she liked so much.
Enya: I'm so angry...!
Polnareff: Why does it even matter 
what I've been licking?
Polnareff: You ask such stupid things.
Polnareff: Cough, cough, the toilet, cough...
Joseph: Eh? You were licking what, again?
Joseph: I couldn't hear that very well.
Polnareff: Who cares what it was?
Polnareff: I want to disinfect my tongue.
Polnareff: Just give me the medicine already.
Kakyoin: Hm? I thought I just heard "toilet"...
Joseph: Actually, I already know.
But I can't resist picking on him about this!
Polnareff: Hey! Did Jotaro already tell you?!
Polnareff: You shitty old man!
You were just messing with me!
Polnareff: Forget about the medicine!
Joseph: All right, all right. My bad.
Joseph: I'll fix you right up, Polnareff.
Joseph: If you don't take care of that,
it'll get infected.
Joseph: Ahem! Toilet. Ahem...
Joseph: You licked a toilet...
Polnareff: Damn it! Let's hurry back on 
our journey! Jotaro! Kakyoin!
Jotaro: Everyone, come outside.
Joseph: What on earth?
Joseph: We step outside of the hotel,
and this place is...
Kakyoin: It's a graveyard.
Kakyoin: She was using her Stand's fog
Kakyoin: to make this graveyard look 
like a town, and a hotel?
Polnareff: So we were talking to the corpses
Polnareff: that were buried in these graves...
Polnareff: T-Take her with us? The old lady?
Jotaro: Yeah.
Jotaro: We need to know how many 
more Stand users there are,
Jotaro: what their powers are,
Jotaro: where in Egypt DIO is hiding...
Jotaro: And what DIO's Stand's power is.
Joseph: If we're able to get the old lady
Joseph: to tell us what it is,
Joseph: it'll give us a definite advantage.
Kakyoin: I doubt that she'd be willing to tell us, though...
Joseph: We just need to use my Hermit Purple
Joseph: to project what she's thinking onto a TV.
Polnareff: Oh, right!
Polnareff: Since there isn't a TV in this graveyard,
Polnareff: we'll do it in the next town.
Polnareff: Hol Horse!
Polnareff: That bastard!
Jotaro: Our car!
Hol Horse: Yeah, I'm gonna stick with DIO after all.
Hol Horse: See ya later!
Hol Horse: Provided you guys don't die first, that is.
Hol Horse: But I'll give you a warning!
Hol Horse: You should kill that old
lady as quick as you can.
Hol Horse: Otherwise, that old lady'll show you
Hol Horse: just how terrifying DIO really is.
Hol Horse: See ya!
Polnareff: What the hell is he talking about?