lady: My, that looks so good on you!
lady: I've been working here for years,
lady: but I've never gotten such
a strange request for clothes.
Jotaro: I'm in a hurry. What's the total?
Jotaro: See ya.
lady: Th-Thank you...
Anne: Let go! Let go of me!
Anne: Don't touch me in weird places!
Polnareff: Shut up! Don't say it like that!
Kakyoin: Here's the ticket.
Anne: No! I don't wanna!
Anne: I want to go with you guys!
Joseph: Little Miss.
Joseph: My daughter, who is Jotaro's mother... 
Her life is in danger right now.
Joseph: We're going on this journey 
to save my daughter's life.
Joseph: Give up on running away and go back home.
Joseph: I'm sure your parents are worried.
Polnareff: There.
Anne: Fine. I'll make you look good this time, Grandpa.
Joseph: What's the matter?
Anne: Nothing.
Anne: See ya! Life is just a bunch of goodbyes!
Anne (internal): But I did sort of want to see
him again before I had to go.
Anne: Bye-bye, Jojo! You better 
save your mom, no matter what!
Anne: I'll be cheering you on!
narator: Pakistan is a young country,
established in 1947
narator: following its separation from India.
narator: But when primitive peoples
first began to live in Japan,
narator: there was already civilization in Pakistan.
narator: Here in Pakistan, the people 
carry on the five thousand year
narator: history of the Indian subcontinent.
Joseph: But, Jotaro, I'm surprised you were 
able to get someone to make you
Joseph: a Japanese school uniform here in Pakistan.
Joseph: The fit is perfect, too.
Jotaro: It's 100% wool.
Kakyoin: Polnareff, is it safe to drive right now?
Kakyoin: It appears the fog in this
area is getting quite thick.
Polnareff: Yeah. It might be a bit dangerous.
Polnareff: Since there's a sheer drop to 
one side, and no guard rail.
Joseph: Indeed. The fog gets thicker up ahead.
Joseph: It's not even 3:00 yet,
but I guess we have no choice.
Joseph: Let's find a place to stay 
in that town for the night.
Polnareff: I wonder if there's a nice hotel.
Kakyoin: A nice hotel?
Polnareff: One that has a decent toilet, of course!
Polnareff: I still can't get used to the 
toilets in India and West Asia
Polnareff: where you wash yourself with your hands.
Jotaro (internal): Was that a dog's corpse?
Joseph: What's the matter, Jotaro?
Jotaro: No, it's nothing.
Joseph: This is a nice little town.
Joseph: I'd say it has a population of a few thousand.
Kakyoin: Let's ask about a hotel 
at that restaurant there.
Polnareff: But it sure is a weirdly quiet town...
Polnareff: Every other place has been 
super crowded and noisy.
Joseph: It's probably because of the fog.
Joseph: Listen up, everyone.
Joseph: In Pakistan, and further
west in the Islamic world,
Joseph: this is how you greet people.
Joseph: First, you smile and say...
Joseph: Assalamu alaikum!
Joseph: E-Er... You didn't have to 
close up shop so suddenly...
Joseph: We just wanted to ask a question. 
Is there a hotel nearby?
Joseph: Hello?
guy: I don't know.
Joseph: Huh?
Joseph: Hey, wait a minute.
What do you mean, you don't know?
Joseph: Wh-What's with that guy...?
Joseph (internal): I must have imagined it.
Polnareff: I'm sure he couldn't understand you 
because your pronunciation's so bad.
Polnareff: Let's ask the guy sitting there.
Polnareff: Hey, guy! Sorry, but we're looking for a hotel.
Polnareff: Preferably a hotel with nice, clean toilets.
Polnareff: Do you know any...
Polnareff: Hey! You!
Polnareff: What's wrong?
three: What?!
Polnareff: They're dead! They died with 
that look of fear on their faces!
Polnareff: Wh-What the hell is this?
Why are they lying dead in the road?
Polnareff: What was the cause of death?!
Polnareff: A heart attack? A stroke?
Jotaro: That could be... But it doesn't 
seem to be ordinary heart failure.
Polnareff: A g-gun! This guy is holding a gun...
Kakyoin: You just noticed?
Jotaro: There's smoke coming from it. He's fired it.
Joseph: And it was just fired.
Maybe two to five minutes ago.
Joseph: Either way, it was right 
before we got to this town.
Polnareff: Was it suicide? Did he shoot himself?
Kakyoin: No. There don't seem to 
be any wounds on the body,
Kakyoin: and there's no blood anywhere.
Polnareff: Then how'd this guy die? Look at him!
Polnareff: His face is distorted like he was 
screaming in utter terror!
Joseph: I don't know.
Joseph: What did this man shoot with his gun?
What in the world is going on?
Kakyoin: No one in the town noticed anything?
Kakyoin: Excuse me, ma'am.
Kakyoin: Someone has died here. 
Please call the police.
lady: Pardon. My acne seems to have festered.
lady: By the way, did you need something?
Kakyoin: I said I'd like you to call the police.
lady: The police?
lady: For what?
Kakyoin: Look! There's a dead body over there!
lady: Oh, my. There's a dead body?
lady: Is there anything I can do?
Kakyoin: I already asked you to call the police!
lady: Right, right. Call the police...
lady: All right.
lady: My acne has festered and 
it's so itchy. Terribly itchy...
Kakyoin: What is with the people in this town?
Kakyoin: Someone died and not a
single person even cares to look,
Kakyoin: let alone a whole curious crowd.
Kakyoin: Did they not even hear the gunshot?
Kakyoin: These people are even more indifferent
Kakyoin: than people in large cities 
like New York or Tokyo.
Jotaro (internal): That dog...
Polnareff: It feels like the fog just keeps getting thicker.
Kakyoin: The town seems to be engulfed by this fog.
Polnareff: It's really creepy.
Polnareff: Doesn't that part there look like a skull?
Jotaro: What do you want to do, old man?
Jotaro: You don't think it's the work 
of another Stand user, do you?
Joseph: It seems impossible.
Joseph: There's no motive.
Joseph: Would someone who's after us kill a man
Joseph: who has nothing to do with us,
before we even got here?
Joseph: If they did, why did they kill him?
Jotaro: But there is a possibility. 
His death seems pretty extraordinary.
Jotaro: Let's investigate the body
Jotaro: as much as we can without 
touching it, before the police come.
Joseph: Right...
Joseph: It appears he was traveling, too, just like us.
Joseph: He has bus and train tickets.
Joseph: And he appears to be Indian. 
He's carrying Indian money.
Joseph: He's not from this town.
Joseph: Oh?!
Joseph: A wound!
Joseph: Right under his throat, there's a wound 
about the size of a 10 yen coin.
Joseph: Is this the cause of death?
Jotaro: But why isn't there any blood coming from it?
Jotaro: With a hole this big, there should be
Jotaro: tons of blood gushing from it.
Jotaro: Normally, at least.
Jotaro: Looks like this is no ordinary murder.
Jotaro: We need to know. Let's not hold back.
Jotaro: Take off his clothes.
Polnareff: Wh-What's with this corpse?
Polnareff: There are holes all over it!
Polnareff: He looks like the cartoon cheese 
you'd see in Tom & Jerry!
Joseph: And there's no blood coming 
from any of these holes.
Joseph: How on earth was this man killed?
What does this all mean?!
Jotaro: Be careful.
Jotaro: The odds that there's a new 
Stand user nearby just grew.
Joseph: Everyone!
Joseph: Get in the car! We're leaving this town!
Joseph: What?!
Joseph: That's impossible!
Joseph: This isn't the car!
Joseph: Hermit Purple!
Jotaro: Hey. Old man.
Jotaro: What the hell are you doing?
Are you stupid?
Joseph: Oh, no!
Joseph: What do you mean, what am I doing?! 
The car was right here a minute ago!
Polnareff: What? Car?
Polnareff: We just parked the car over there.
Joseph: What?!
Joseph: B-But just now...
Enya: You seem to be travelers.
Enya: With this fog, it's dangerous 
to leave the town now.
Enya: There are many cliffs, you know.
Enya: I run a little bed and breakfast.
Enya: If you'd like, why not stay there for the night?
Enya: I'll make it cheap.
Polnareff: We finally met a normal person!
Kakyoin: There's a strong possibility that
Kakyoin: a Stand user is hiding somewhere in this town.
Kakyoin: This thick fog also gives them the upper hand.
Kakyoin: We cannot let our guard down at all tonight.
Polnareff: But... even without anyone attacking us,
this is a really creepy town.
Enya: Come now, Mr. Joestar. That is my hotel.
Enya: I shall lead the way. Please come with me.
Enya: This hotel is small...
but about twenty years ago,
Enya: one of the 007 films was filmed here,
Enya: and John Lennon from the 
Beatles even stayed here once.
Polnareff: What? Really?!
Enya: No, not at all.
Polnareff: Wha?!
Enya: But it is still quite a nice hotel.
Enya: There are currently no other guests.
Enya: Would meat for dinner be all right?
Enya: Or would you prefer fish?
Jotaro: Hold it, old lady.
Jotaro: You just said "Joestar," didn't you?
Jotaro: How'd you know that name?
Enya: Come now, sir. That person there
just said "Mr. Joestar" a moment ago.
Polnareff: What? Me?
Polnareff: Well, I guess I might have.
Enya: You did, sir.
Enya: When you've been in customer 
service for many years,
Enya: you learn to memorize 
people's names quickly.
Enya: So I'm sure of it.
Polnareff: By the way, Ma'am,
what happened to your left hand?
Enya: Oh, this? I just burned it a little...
Enya: It might because of my old age,
Enya: but I accidentally spilled boiling water on it.
Polnareff: Age? What are you talking about?
Polnareff: You only look to be about forty.
Polnareff: Maybe I'll ask you on a date.
Enya: Please don't tease me so, sir.
Enya (internal): What the hell are you saying, you fool?!
Enya (internal): I hate you most of all, Polnareff!
Enya (internal): I'll make sure you suffer a
thousand times what my son did
Enya (internal): when I cut your dick off and
rip out your guts to kill you!
Joseph: Oh, this doesn't look too bad.
Polnareff: Here, Kakyoin.
Kakyoin: Right.
Polnareff: My autograph's worth as much as Lennon's.
Kakyoin: Here.
Jotaro: Yeah.
Polnareff: I'm Paulnareff, after all!
Polnareff: Make sure you take care of it.
Enya: My, my...
Enya: I will do just that.
Enya (internal): To commemorate your death!
Jotaro: It's done.
Enya: Well, then... I will show you to your rooms.
Polnareff: Man... Talk about a weird town.
Polnareff: All right, I'm going to the bathroom.
Kakyoin: It appears to be broken.
Joseph: Then I won't be able to use Hermit Purple to
Joseph: get information on the enemy...
Polnareff: Hey, Mr. Joestar.
Joseph: What's the matter?
Polnareff: Is there a bathroom in this room?
Polnareff: There doesn't seem to be one in mine.
Kakyoin: Maybe the bathroom here is communal.
Polnareff: Oh, right!
Joseph: Good grief. He's so carefree.
Joseph: An unknown Stand user
could attack at any moment...
Hol Horse: So, the Joestar party is on the third floor?
Enya: Hol Horse... So, you've come.
Hol Horse: Yeah. I just now tracked them as far as this town.
Hol Horse: But you surprised me, Enyaba.
Hol Horse: I didn't think you'd come here yourself.
Hol Horse: Wh-What's wrong, Enyaba?
You just started crying out of nowhere.
Enya: I-I am happy, Hol Horse!
Enya: Thank you for coming!
Enya: Thank you for coming to see 
this lonely old woman!
Enya: I am very happy to see you!
Enya: Hol Horse, you were my 
son's friend, were you not?
Hol Horse: Friend?
Hol Horse: Huh? Wha...
Hol Horse: A-Ahem...
Hol Horse: Yes, I certainly was.
Enya: Sob, sob. Were you close?
Hol Horse: Close?
Hol Horse: Yes! He was a dear friend.
Hol Horse: We were an excellent team.
Hol Horse: What's wrong? This isn't like you.
Enya: Will you avenge my son?
Is that why you've come?
Hol Horse: Yes! That's exactly it!
Hol Horse: I'm going to avenge my best friend!
Enya: That's why I'm so happy!
Enya: Because I can kill you!
Hol Horse: E-Enyaba?! Wh-What are you doing?!
Enya: How dare you abandon my son 
to save yourself, Hol Horse?
Enya: I was determined to kill you 
as soon as I saw you again.
Enya: My son's best friend? How dare you?!
Hol Horse: W-Wait! You've got it all wrong!
Hol Horse: When I got there,
J. Geil was already dead!
Enya: Unforgivable! You are as 
unforgivable as Polnareff!
Enya: I'll have you die by the
hands of my Stand, Justice!
Hol Horse: J-Justice?
Enya: I'm sure you've heard of it, 
but haven't seen it yet...
Enya: I shall show you now, Hol Horse!
Hol Horse: Th-The blood from my arm 
where the scissors stabbed it...
Hol Horse: It's going up into the fog...
Enya: A fine hole has appeared!
Enya: That's right. My Stand, Justice, 
is a Stand made of fog.
Enya: Any wound touched by this fog 
becomes a fine hole like this.
Enya: And then...
Enya: Justice wants to dance!
Enya: The fog has entered the
hole in your arm, like a string!
Enya: And now, you are my puppet!
Enya: Die by your own hand, Hol Horse!
Hol Horse: Damn it! Don't get so cocky!
Hol Horse: Emperor!
Hol Horse: Die, you shitty old hag!
Enya: Justice will triumph!
Polnareff: What was that noise?
Polnareff: That room at the back of 
the lobby is really loud...
Joseph: Is something wrong, Polnareff?
Kakyoin: I thought I heard a strange noise.
Polnareff: I'm going to take a look downstairs.
Polnareff: I'll be in the lobby,
so call me if you need me.
Enya: Curse you, Polnareff!