Boingo: Oh, a new page
Boingo: has appeared.
Boingo (internal): The buddy brothers, Oingo and Boingo, 
took the bus that came four hours later.
Boingo (internal): So they weren't in the accident. La la!
Boingo (internal): What new adventure awaits the buddy brothers?
Boingo (internal): As they entered the city of Aswan...
"Oh! There they are!"
Boingo (internal): "The five nasty bad guys are there!"
Boingo (internal): "They're talking to each other."
Boingo (internal): They seemed so worried...
Oingo: It's them.
Boingo (internal): They drank black tea that was poisoned. Gulp!
Boingo: B-Brother...
Oingo: So all we have to do is poison them.
Oingo: My brother, we are invincible together.
Oingo: With your Stand, a manga that tells the future,
Oingo: and my Stand,
Oingo: which transforms my face...
Oingo: They're as good as dead!
Our cards are the God of Knowledge, 
Thoth, and the God of Creation, Khnum!
Oingo: We're the Oingo Boingo brothers!
Oingo: It's definitely at this café,
Oingo: at this table, where they will 
drink the poisoned black tea.
Boingo: Th-The predictions made
Boingo: by my Stand, the God of Knowledge, 
Thoth, always come true.
Polnareff: How are those two doing?
Joseph: Avdol's neck wound didn't damage 
anything vital, fortunately,
Joseph: so he'll probably be released tomorrow.
Joseph: But Kakyoin's injuries are serious.
He might go blind.
Polnareff: I'm worried.
Jotaro: Sadly, Kakyoin might be out
of action for the rest of this trip.
Polnareff: Hey, there are a lot of cafés around here. 
Let's get a drink and relax.
Joseph: Great idea. Which one?
Polnareff: My cigarette picked that one.
Oingo: Welcome.
Oingo: What would you like?
Polnareff: Let's see... I'd like some black tea.
Jotaro: Same.
Oingo: All right. Three black teas, then?
Joseph: No, we'd better not.
Polnareff: Huh?
Joseph: Listen. We're in Egypt, which is enemy territory.
Joseph: More enemies are lurking around 
us than ever before,
and we don't know when they'll attack.
Joseph: We have to be more careful than
we've been when it comes to poison.
Joseph: From now on, only drink from bottles or cans.
Polnareff: What? Are you serious?
Joseph: I am serious.
Joseph: Hey, forget the black tea.
We're going to have cola instead.
Oingo: Cola?!
Jotaro: Yeah. Something wrong with that?
Oingo: N-No. Okay. Cola, right?
Oingo: So three colas, then.
Joseph: Oh, and we'll take the caps 
off at the table ourselves.
Joseph: Also, I want the third, fourth, 
and fifth colas from the right.
Oingo (internal): C-Cola with the caps on?!
I won't be able to poison them...
Oingo (internal): Was the prediction wrong?
No, my brother's manga is always right.
Oingo (internal): B-Believe! I must believe in my brother!
Oingo (internal): If I, the big brother, don't make 
an effort to achieve our destiny,
we won't be able to defeat them!
Boingo (internal): Brother, the predictions are absolute!
person: Hey, Manager! This cola isn't cold at all.
Your shop serves warm cola?
I'm not gonna pay, you jackass!
Joseph: Hey, are the colas not cold?
Oingo: Th-The refrigerator is broken.
Polnareff: You're being too paranoid.
Even if that guy were our enemy,
and if he were really trying to poison us...
Polnareff: How would he know that we'd come in here?
Polnareff: This city has all these cafés,
and I happened to choose this one.
Polnareff: If there were only one café,
maybe, but there are plenty.
Joseph: I'm just saying that being careful can't hurt.
Polnareff: If you're that concerned, then let's change cafés.
Polnareff: We'll go to the one across the street.
Joseph: All right.
person: Fire!
Polnareff: Huh?
man: My café is on fire!
man: A spark from a cigarette some jackass 
left in the road got into the trash!
Joseph: Hey, Manager. We'll take three black teas after all.
Boingo (internal): W-We won...
Polnareff: Man, to throw a lit cigarette in the trash...
This world sure has some real jerks in it.
Oingo (internal): They're drinking it... They're drinking it!
Boingo (internal): D-D-D-Drink it all down...
both (internal): Th-They drank it!
lady: Eek! This dog ate my cake!
guy: Who the hell brought a dog in here?!
three: Iggy!
lady: Whose dog is this?
guy: Hey! Get this dog outta here!
Joseph: Damn it, Iggy!
Polnareff: Stop, you shitty dog!
Oingo: Damn it! They even had it in their mouths!
Oingo: Shit! What's supposed to happen after this?
Boingo: I-It doesn't say yet...
Boingo: B-But the prediction wasn't wrong.
Boingo: Just, Thoth can only see the very near future.
Oingo: This time...
This time, we'll use the next
prediction to kill them for sure!
Oingo: That's right. We're...
Oingo: The Oingo Boingo brothers!
Oingo (internal): "Damn that dog! Curses! We failed!"
Boingo (internal): "We were so close!"
Big brother Oingo and little brother 
Boingo were very frustrated.
Boingo (internal): But after pulling themselves together,
Oingo and Boingo chased
after the three guys and their dog.
Boingo (internal): While chasing them,
although this isn't really important,
Boingo (internal): the brothers passed a man
with a very annoying face.
Boingo (internal): The brothers hated guys who looked like that.
Oingo: I bet he did something in a past life...
Oingo: I'm so pissed off all of a sudden. I'll punch him!
Boingo (internal): Even though he had done nothing wrong,
Oingo senselessly punched him!
Boingo (internal): The man with the annoying face panicked!
Boingo (internal): He accidentally dropped his wallet,
which was full of money.
"Yay! We're rich!"
Boingo (internal): The brothers sure are lucky! Peace!
Oingo: Idiot.
Boingo: W-We scored big, Brother.
Boingo: Ah! B-Brother, it's showing up.
Boingo (internal): They continued to chase Joestar and the others.
Boingo (internal): Joestar and the others got in a car
and headed to the hospital 
to see Avdol and Kakyoin.
Boingo (internal): Oingo planted a bomb shaped
like an orange in their car.
Boingo (internal): Jotaro went flying!
His head was split into two bloody halves, 
and he was out of the game for good!
Boingo: Th-Th-Th-That prediction is so detailed...
Oingo: Yes!
Boingo: M-M-My Stand, Thoth, can 
only see the immediate future.
Boingo: But once it prints a prediction, 
there is no way to change it! At all!
Oingo (internal): Jotaro will definitely explode!
Oingo (internal): The bomb will detonate three seconds 
after he sticks his finger in to peel it.
Without fail!
Oingo (internal): His fate
Oingo (internal): has been decided!
Polnareff: Who's there?
Oingo: Wha—
Polnareff: Who's in our car?
Joseph: It's not Jotaro?
Polnareff: No. Jotaro said he was going 
straight to the hospital.
Be careful!
Oingo (internal): C-Crap...
Joseph: Don't let him get away!
Boingo (internal): C-Crap! It's Joestar and Polnareff!
Polnareff: Yeah, I know!
Polnareff: Hey, don't hide in there!
Joseph: Who are you? Come out.
Polnareff: We told you to come out, damn it!
Joseph: Hurry it up!
Oingo: Hey, hey, why the panic?
It's me, Polnareff.
Joseph: Oh, it's you, Jotaro.
Oingo (internal): My Stand, Khnum, is a transforming Stand.
Oingo (internal): I can change my height, weight, 
and even smell to whatever I want.
Oingo (internal): I made the hat by transforming my hair!
Polnareff: But what happened?
You said you were going 
straight to the hospital.
Oingo: Huh? Um, uh... Yeah.
Oingo: I left something in the car, so I came back for it.
Oingo: My wallet. It was my wallet, yeah.
Oingo: Good grief.
Joseph: Jotaro, what happened to your school jacket?
Oingo: S-School jacket?
Oingo (internal): Wh-What? What? School jacket?
Polnareff: That's really not a good look on you.
Oingo: Oh... Right, clothes. School jacket, huh...
Oingo: I-It's at the cleaners!
Oingo: I took it to the cleaners, 
and didn't have any money.
Oingo (internal): Th-That was a good answer. Yeah!
Polnareff: Huh. I see...
Then hurry up and get in the car. We're going.
Oingo (internal): Huh?!
Boingo: Huh? The car?
Boingo (internal): I-It can't be...
Oingo (internal): It can't be... It can't be!
The Jotaro that gets his head blown in half
Oingo (internal): isn't the r-real Jotaro, but... No! M-M-M-Me?!
Oingo (internal): Impossible!
Oingo: Nah, a-actually, I think I'm going to walk...
Polnareff: What the hell are you talking about, Jotaro?
Polnareff: From here, it'll be a lot faster to take the car.
Boingo: Z-Oingo!
Oingo (internal): C-Crap...
Oingo (internal): I have to get out of this Jotaro 
disguise as soon as possible.
Oingo (internal): O-Or I'll be the one who gets blown up!
Oingo (internal): I-I know! I just have to throw the orange away!
Oingo (internal): I'll just throw the bomb away
Oingo (internal): and put it back in the car later,
Oingo (internal): so it can blow up the real Jotaro!
Oingo (internal): Yes!
Oingo (internal): There! Now I'm safe!
Polnareff: Hey, it's Iggy! I can't believe he 
jumped in while we're moving.
Polnareff: He's got an orange in his mouth! 
Did you steal that, Iggy?
That might be a nice gift for Kakyoin and Avdol.
Oingo (internal): Wha?!
Oingo: Yow!
both: "Yow"?
Joseph: You don't usually make noises 
like that. You're acting weird.
Oingo: N-No... Yow. You know, y-yow.
Oingo: I-I was saying there was a cyow over there...
Polnareff: Jotaro... You're really weird today.
You're not together, man.
Polnareff: You're not actually...
Polnareff: a fake, are you?
Oingo: G-Good grief. What the hell are 
you talking about, Polnareff?
Oingo: Are we at the hospital yet?
Polnareff: Say, Jotaro. Do that special trick of yours.
Oingo: Special... trick?
Oingo (internal): What is he talking about?!
Polnareff: I learned it from you.
Polnareff: You know, this!
Joseph: Hey, you've gotten better.
Oingo: O-Oh, that's what you meant.
Oingo (internal): I'm saved! If that's the trick, 
while it seems dangerous, I can do it!
Oingo: Sure! I'll do it. It's easy.
Polnareff: All right! Do the one where you 
have five in your mouth at once!
Oingo: F-Five?!
Polnareff: Come on! Hurry up and do it.
I wanna see it again.
Oingo (internal): C-Crap. What the hell kind of 
weird talent does Jotaro have?!
Oingo (internal): I-If I can't do it...
They already think I'm acting strange.
They'll be even more suspicious of me!
Oingo (internal): Polnareff already looks like he might start 
to peel the orange bomb at any time!
Oingo (internal): A-All right, damn it!
Oingo (internal): I'll do it!
Oingo: F-Five, right? Five.
Polnareff: Come on, hurry up!
Oingo (internal): I'll do this! I'm gonna do this! 
I just gotta do this, right?!
Oingo (internal): All right! My secret talent!
Oingo: O-Ow, hot! Hot!
Oingo: H-Hot... Hot...
Oingo (internal): I did it! I did it, damn it!
Oingo (internal): There! Did you see that?! I did it!
Oingo (internal): People can do anything when 
their lives are at stake!
Polnareff: Here.
Polnareff: Last time, you drank some juice 
without putting the cigarettes out.
Polnareff: Come on.
Polnareff: Aw, you failed.
Joseph: Jotaro, are you all right? Oh my God!
Oingo (internal): Brother! Brother! Boingo!
Please make this prediction go away!
Oingo (internal): Get rid of that page!
Boingo (internal): Oingo! The prediction is absolute!
Boingo (internal): Hurry up and take off your transformation!
Boingo (internal): If you undo the transformation,
then the real Jotaro will get blown up!
Boingo (internal): You can do it!
Boingo: Jotaro, you're acting really weird today.
Oingo: I-I just... f-feel a bit under the weather...
Oingo (internal): C-Crap!
Oingo (internal): K-Knowing them, once they get suspicious,
they're going to keep poking at me!
Oingo (internal): If I undo the transformation, 
they'll beat me half to death,
Oingo (internal): but if I don't, then I'll get killed by the bomb!
Oingo (internal): Th-That's it! I'll just use feeling bad as an excuse.
Oingo (internal): I'll say that I have a stomach ache, 
and have them let me out of the car.
Polnareff: Jotaro, the way you have your hands together...
Polnareff: You've got your left thumb on top!
Oingo (internal): C-Crap! Does the real Jotaro
always put his right thumb on top?!
Oingo (internal): Crap! What am I going to do?!
H-H-H-How am I going to fool them now?
Polnareff: The way you put your hands together proves 
that you were a woman in a past life!
Polnareff: My fortune said
that since I put my right thumb on top,
I was a man in a past life!
Joseph: Wow, really? I always put my 
left thumb on top, myself.
Polnareff: Then you were definitely a woman 
in a past life, Mr. Joestar.
Joseph: What do you mean, definitely?
How would you even prove that?
Joseph: It's so stupid!
Oingo (internal): M-My stomach really is starting to hurt...
Oingo (internal): Being with these two is going to kill me.
Oingo (internal): A-All right. I'm going to tell them 
that my stomach hurts...
Polnareff: Jotaro, let's see who can eat 
a whole orange faster!
Oingo: What?!
Oingo: H-Hey...
Oingo: Stop, damn it!
Polnareff: Whoa! What are you doing, Jotaro?!
Oingo: Oh...
Joseph: Wh-What's wrong, Jotaro?
Oingo: Oh, it's nothing.
Joseph: You really are acting weird.
Oingo: I don't think y-y-you should eat that orange.
Polnareff: Huh? Why?
Oingo: W-Well, you know...
It's the one Iggy picked up.
Oingo: It could have been in the gutter.
Oingo: Eat this one instead.
Polnareff: It's not dirty or bruised. It's fine.
Polnareff: Whatever. I'll eat this one, 
and you try with one of those.
Oingo: Ow!
Polnareff: H-Hey.
Oingo: My stomach hurts!
Oingo: My stomach hurts so bad, I can't stand it!
Oingo: S-Stop the car! Hurry!
Polnareff: Your stomach hurts?
Oingo: I can't stand it anymore! 
Let me out! Let me out!
Oingo: I'll go behind some rock!
Joseph: But the hospital's right there...
Oingo: Just go ahead without me. 
Seriously, just go on ahead!
Polnareff: Hold it, Jotaro!
Polnareff: Here's some paper.
Oingo (internal): I...
Oingo (internal): I did it!
I actually got away, God damn it! 
I finally got away! Serves you right!
Oingo (internal): I'm gonna go undo my
transformation behind that rock!
Polnareff: An orange that Iggy picked up, huh...
Polnareff: It really could have been in a gutter.
Polnareff: What should I do?
Joseph: Throw it away?
Oingo: Yes! Now I can use my Stand Khnum's
powers to undo the transformation.
Oingo: And then I win!
The Oingo Boingo brothers win!
Oingo: We win!
Oingo: Ah?
Oh, shit!
Polnareff: What was that sound?
Joseph: Don't worry about it. 
Probably construction or something.
Boingo: Z-Oingo...
S-Speak to me!
Oingo: We've lost, Boingo.
Boingo: No...
Boingo: N-No! My Thoth hasn't lost yet. 
I-I will k-kill them myself!
Oingo (internal): Boingo...
Oingo: Don't, Boingo.
Oingo: They're not normal. It's impossible.
Boingo: I made up my mind! I'll do it on my own!
Boingo: I can do it on my own!
Oingo: You were always so shy... 
You've grown, Boingo.
Boingo: I'm going to kill them!
Boingo: What's Thoth's next prediction?
guy: Found you...
guy: Th-They're the ones!
They punched me and stole my wallet!
guy: Everyone! If you beat the shit out of them,
I'll make sure you're richly rewarded!
It's that guy!
Boingo: Brother! I'm really scared!
Boingo (internal): Despite finally deciding that 
he would do it on his own,
Boingo (internal): Boingo didn't have time to get revenge.
Boingo (internal): But don't give up, Boingo!
Boingo (internal): That's just how life is.
Polnareff: Huh?
Joseph: Well, if it isn't Jotaro.
Jotaro: Hey. Took you long enough.
Polnareff: Long enough?
You're way too quick at taking a shit outside!
Joseph: You got here faster than a car...
And you got your jacket 
back from the cleaners, too?
Jotaro: What the hell are you two...
Joseph: Hey, an ambulance.
Jotaro: Looks like someone's hurt.
Polnareff: That's too bad...
Jotaro: Oranges, huh? I was just getting thirsty.
Jotaro: I'm going to have one.
Joseph: Oh?
Joseph: That man's clothes...
Jotaro: Do you know him?
Polnareff: Of course we don't.
Joseph: Now, let's go find out how 
Avdol and Kakyoin are doing.
boingo: Ba-dum-tss
Boingo (internal): The brothers were taken 
out  of the battle together.
Boingo (internal): The fight had ended without 
Jotaro and the others
even knowing they had been attacked.
Both (internal): Ba-dum-tss.