Avdol: Your sword is terrifyingly fast.
Avdol: It's amazing, but do you really think
you'll defeat me by the time
the flames on that table strike 12?
Avdol: Aren't you being rather conceited,
Avdol: Mister...?
Polnareff: Polnareff.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Polnareff: Jean Pierre Polnareff.
Avdol: Merci beaucoup.
Avdol: I appreciate your introduction.
Avdol: But...
Avdol: Monsieur Polnareff,
Avdol: don't assume that my flames
always burn upward or downwind 
as they would in nature.
Avdol: It is called Magician's Red
because it controls flames freely.
Polnareff: In the beginning, this world 
was engulfed in flames.
I expect nothing less from Magician's Red,
who controls the flames that 
suggest the beginning of all things.
Polnareff: But, you say I'm being conceited?
Polnareff: You're saying that my swordsmanship
is mere conceit?!
Joseph: In the moment they lined up,
he pierced five coins in a single strike!
Jotaro: No. Take a closer look.
Kakyoin: That's...
Avdol: I-I see... there are flames between each coin.
Polnareff: It appears you understand what this means.
Polnareff: It is not conceit.
My Stand has the power to sever even fire!
Polnareff: It can slash the very air and create gaps 
between nothingness and nothingness.
Polnareff: Which means your Magician's Red is 
powerless before my Silver Chariot.
Avdol: When did he...
Polnareff: The card that my Stand has,
The Chariot, suggests conquest and victory.
Polnareff: I don't mind taking care of you 
in this cramped little space,
Polnareff: but, Avdol, you'd be able to use your
flame abilities in a much more open space, no?
Polnareff: It would be fitting for my Stand to 
defeat you under those circumstances.
Polnareff: A fitting victory.
Polnareff: All of you, outside!
Joseph: Wh-What is this place?
Kakyoin: It's Tiger Balm Garden.
Joseph: What?
narator: Tiger Balm Garden,
narator: a garden that exists along the hillside 
of Hong Kong's Tai Hang Road.
narator: Its unique taste and appearance
make it number one among 
Hong Kong's bizarre zones.
Polnareff: I will make a prediction here.
Polnareff: First, Avdol,
Polnareff: you will be destroyed by 
your own Stand's powers.
Jotaro: Avdol...
Avdol: Jotaro, you need not interfere.
Avdol: With such an open space,
I can control my Stand as freely as I please.
Polnareff: Come on!
Polnareff: Come on! Come on! Come on!
Polnareff: Come on. What's wrong?
You're not going to use your precious 
flames to your heart's content?
Polnareff: If not, I'm going to take my turn.
Polnareff: Come on! Come on! Come on!
Joseph: That bastard. He's mocking us.
Joseph: With repeated stabs, he carved a
statue that looks just Magician's Red.
Polnareff: You know...
Polnareff: You fit quite well in this garden, Magician's Red.
Polnareff: Here it comes.
You're ready to show your true power?
Polnareff: Sounds like fun.
Polnareff: I'll take what you dish out.
Joseph: Hey, hide behind something.
Avdol is going to use it.
Jotaro: "It"?
Avdol: Crossfire Hurricane!
Polnareff: Is that all you've got?!
Polnareff: I told you that my swordsmanship can create gaps
between nothingness and nothingness, 
and blow away flames!
Joseph: Avdol!
Joseph: The flames are so strong
that he's being burned, as well.
Polnareff: It's just as I predicted.
Polnareff: You will die, burned by your own flames!
Polnareff: Oh, good, good grief!
Polnareff: You're still going to come at me?
Polnareff: How unsightly!
Polnareff: What is this odd resistance?
Polnareff: What?!
Polnareff: Impossible!
Polnareff: How can flames come out 
from the body I severed?
Joseph: That's not the Stand.
Joseph: It's the statue!
Avdol: Your eyes were blinded by the flames.
Avdol: What you cut apart was the statue
that Silver Chariot carved earlier.
Avdol: I told you that I could control my flames freely.
Avdol: The flames that you blew back toward it
melted its joints and caused it to move.
Avdol: You are the one defeated 
by his own Stand's powers.
Avdol: And now, face this again!
Avdol: Crossfire Hurricane!
Avdol: I believe it's ten years too 
soon for you to fight me,
a fortune teller, with predictions.
Joseph: Such terrifying power!
Joseph: Since his Stand took that head-on,
it must have melted. It's done for!
Jotaro: That's one hell of a burn.
Jotaro: Yeah, he's dead. If he's lucky, 
he'll be in serious condition.
Actually, that'd be bad luck.
Kakyoin: Either way, he won't be
able to stand for three months.
Kakyoin: His Stand is destroyed and unable to fight.
Avdol: Now, Mr. Joestar,
let us hurry on our journey to Egypt.
Joseph: Indeed.
Joseph: Wh-What?
His Stand is breaking into pieces!
Kakyoin: He flew into the air while still lying down!
Polnareff: Bravo! Oh, bravo!
Joseph: H-He's...
Avdol: I don't believe it!
Kakyoin: He's perfectly fine!
Jotaro: But why is his body floating in the air?
Polnareff: Take a good look with your inner eye.
Avdol: That's...
Polnareff: Yes, this is it.
My Stand with its armor off: Silver Chariot.
Polnareff: You seem shocked,
and it wouldn't be honorable to defeat you
without explaining my powers first.
Polnareff: You could even call it a surprise attack.
Polnareff: Would you give me the time to explain?
Avdol: Very well.
Avdol: Let's hear this explanation.
Polnareff: My Stand did not break apart and disappear.
Polnareff: Silver Chariot was wearing armor.
That's what it just took off.
Polnareff: What was burned away by your 
flames was just part of its armor.
Polnareff: That's why I was only lightly injured.
Polnareff: And with its armor off, it is lighter.
Polnareff: Did you see it lift me up?
Polnareff: That's right. That's how fast it can move now!
Avdol: I see.
Avdol: So you're saying that because 
its armor was so heavy,
it had to take my Crossfire Hurricane head-on.
Avdol: But that would also mean that it's naked now.
Avdol: Now that it doesn't have its protection,
if it were to take that attack
again, it wouldn't survive.
Polnareff: Oui, precisely.
Polnareff: But that would be impossible.
Avdol: Impossible? I'd like to test that theory.
Polnareff: Because I'm going to show 
you something astonishing.
Avdol: Oh? Go right ahead.
Joseph: Wh-What?!
Joseph: His Stand just multiplied into six... 
no, now there are seven of them!
Kakyoin: I-Impossible.
There should only be one Stand to each user.
Polnareff: It seems that you are astonished.
These are shadow clones.
Polnareff: Shadow clones of my Stand that confuse 
not only your eyes, but your senses.
Polnareff: Your senses can't follow its movements.
Polnareff: How do you like its swordsmanship now?
Avdol: Red Bind!
Polnareff: I told you that you wouldn't be
able to follow its movements.
Polnareff: Your flames can only grasp shadow clones.
Polnareff: Striking at random now?
Polnareff: You're getting a bit desperate, Avdol.
Kakyoin: It's true; that'll just use up all his energy.
Avdol: Crossfire Hurricane!
Polnareff: Non, non, non, non, non, non.
Polnareff: That is also a shadow clone.
Polnareff: Your attack will not work against my Stand.
Polnareff: Come on, come on, come on!
some: Avdol!
Avdol: Such precision. Th-This is...
Avdol: a Stand ability that has
been very highly trained.
Polnareff: For certain reasons,
I trained for nearly ten years.
Polnareff: Now, come at me again.
Polnareff: I will finish you with my next move.
Avdol: In the name of chivalry,
you keep explaining your attacks.
Avdol: You're rather honorable.
Avdol: Therefore, I shall also
Avdol: reveal a secret before beginning my next attack.
Polnareff: Oh?
Avdol: You see, there are variations 
to my Crossfire Hurricane.
Avdol: It is a flame in the shape of an Ankh, 
but it need not be singular.
Avdol: I can break it up and make it fly in pieces.
Avdol: Crossfire Hurricane
Avdol: Special!
Avdol: Just try and dodge it!
Polnareff: You waste your time, Avdol!
Joseph: They formed a circle!
Kakyoin: There's no opening!
Polnareff: Naïve! Naïve, naïve, naïve, naïve!
Polnareff: You're naïve!
Polnareff: I will again use this power against you!
Polnareff: Sever! Blow it back at him!
Polnareff: What?!
Joseph: That's...
Joseph: The hole that was made by the flames earlier...
Joseph: I get it!
The first flames were used to dig a tunnel!
Joseph: And then he shot the Crossfire Hurricane through it!
Avdol: I told you.
I can break apart my flames
and make them fly in as many pieces as I wish.
Avdol: Burning is a rather painful way to die.
Use that dagger to kill yourself.
Polnareff: I was conceited.
I couldn't imagine his flames
standing a chance against my swordsmanship.
Polnareff: I'll be a good sport and burn to death after all.
Polnareff: Since I was defeated by your powers, 
it is only due courtesy.
Polnareff: It would be disrespectful to kill myself.
Avdol: Even now, you remember to be chivalrous.
Avdol: And you did not throw your 
dagger when I had my back turned.
Avdol: Despite having orders from DIO, 
your proud honor shines through.
Avdol: It would be a shame to kill you.
Avdol: There must be a reason behind his actions...
Avdol: Jojo!
Jotaro: Yeah.
Joseph: Ugh. Those tentacles are so gross!
Joseph: Jotaro, hurry up and get it out.
Jotaro: Shut up, old man.
Joseph: Hurry! Hurry!
Joseph: Good! Now that the flesh bud is gone,
we can be buddies. Ta-da!
Jotaro: Kakyoin, don't guys like him 
who make stupid puns
seriously piss you off?
Joseph: The boat that we had chartered 
from the Speedwagon crew
yesterday should be at the harbor now.
Avdol: What's wrong? Is there 
something else you needed,
Avdol: Polnareff?
Polnareff: I haven't thanked you for
freeing me from DIO's spell yet.
Avdol: For that, you need to thank Jojo.
Jotaro: Don't need it.
Avdol: It appears there's no one 
to accept your kind thanks.
Polnareff: All right. I don't like to be pushy, either.
Polnareff: But there is something else.
Polnareff: Monsieur Joestar, I'd like to ask 
you a very bizarre question.
Joseph: A bizarre question?
Polnareff: Forgive my curiosity,
but even while eating, 
you didn't take off your gloves.
Polnareff: Your left arm wouldn't happen 
to be a right arm, would it?
Joseph: What? My left arm, a right arm?
Joseph: That is indeed a bizarre question.
Joseph: What do you mean?
Polnareff: I'm looking for the man
who killed my younger sister.
Polnareff: I don't know his face.
But he has two right arms.
Joseph: I lost it in a battle fifty years ago.
Polnareff: I apologize for my rudeness. Please forgive me.
Joseph: If you don't mind, tell us what happened.
Polnareff: It's been three years now...
Polnareff: My younger sister was walking home from school
with a classmate one rainy day.
Polnareff: It was a country road in my native France.
Polnareff: On the side of the road, a man stood
with his back to them.
Polnareff: Mysteriously, even though it was raining,
the rain fell around him in a dome-like shape,
as if an invisible screen surrounded him.
Polnareff: Suddenly, as if cut down by a scythe,
her classmate's chest was sliced open.
Polnareff: And then...
Polnareff: My sister was shamed and killed.
Polnareff: That was all that man wanted.
Polnareff: Barely escaping death,
her friend somehow survived.
Polnareff: She said that she didn't see his face,
but both of his arms were right arms.
Polnareff: No one believed her testimony, 
but I understood it!
Polnareff: Because I believed that man
may have a similar power to the
one that I had been keeping a secret.
Joseph: He's definitely a Stand user.
Polnareff: I swore!
Polnareff: My sister's soul would not be able
to rest unless he atoned with his death!
Polnareff: I will use my Stand for retribution!
Polnareff: Then, a year ago, I met DIO.
Polnareff: I see s-something in the crystal ball.
Polnareff: It's...
DIO: A vision. I didn't create it.
DIO: What's inside your heart is 
being projected via my powers.
DIO: How about it?
DIO: Would you like to be friends with me?
DIO: Something is bothering you. You're in pain.
DIO: Stick with me,
and it'll disappear from your heart.
DIO: What's being shown in the 
crystal is what pains you, yes?
DIO: Let me help you.
DIO: I have pain of my own...
DIO: My body cannot go out into the sunlight.
DIO: So please, help me, as well.
DIO: I shall find this man for you.
Polnareff: And then I was ordered to kill you.
Polnareff: I believed that was the right thing to do.
Avdol: It's partially because of the flesh bud,
but DIO's also skilled at manipulating others.
Kakyoin: Indeed. But according to what you just said,
Kakyoin: it would appear that DIO has
found the man with two right arms
and has joined forces with him.
Polnareff: I've decided to go to Egypt with all of you!
Polnareff: If I go after DIO,
I'll be able to find the 
one who took my sister's life!
Kakyoin: What should we do?
Avdol: I have no objections.
Joseph: I'm sure you'd follow us, even if we said no.
narator: Jean Pierre Polnareff.
narator: Stand name: Silver Chariot.
narator: Powers: Fast and precise swordsmanship!
Polnareff: It's an honor.
Jotaro: Good grie—
girl 1: Excuse me!
girl 2: Would you mind taking our picture?
girl 1 (internal): He's amazing.
girl 2 (internal): I'm going to use this as my chance.
girl 1: Thank you!
girl 2: We want our backs toward the ocean.
Jotaro: You're annoying me! Ask someone else!
Polnareff: Now, now, now, now...
Polnareff: I'll take your picture for you.
Polnareff: Come, come.
Polnareff: You have very nice legs. 
Let's get a full body shot.
Polnareff: Ooh, nice!
I'm going to take one more.
Polnareff: Très bien!
Just like the button,
I want to push, push, push 
your hearts toward mine!
Avdol: I don't quite understand his personality.
Kakyoin: That was a very sudden change of mood.
Joseph: More like his head and his lower 
half are very clearly separated.
Jotaro: Good grief.