DIO: Enyaba, there's something I'd like to ask you.
What does it mean to live?
Enya: To obtain what one desires.
Enya: To put it simply, that is all it means to live.
Enya: People want money, they want fame,
they want food, they want love,
Enya: they want a lover...
DIO: But when they attempt to obtain what they desire,
there is always a battle, is there not, Enyaba?
Enya: Indeed.
DIO: If they lose the battle and 
fail to obtain what they desire,
DIO: they feel frustration and a sense of failure.
DIO: They are hurt...
DIO: And they feel fear when 
faced with the next battle.
DIO: I believe that conquering
fear is what it means to live.
DIO: The one who will stand at the top of the world
is the one who feels no fear whatsoever.
DIO: Do you understand, Enyaba?
Enya: I was the one who told you about
the existence of your Stand and how to use it.
Enya: And you have an immortal body.
Enya: Is there anything that you fear?
DIO: Perhaps.
Enya: What concerns you?
DIO: The Joestar bloodline.
Enya: Joestar? Those two? They are mere trash.
Enya: They are no match for your Stand!
DIO: Yes...
DIO: But when the lives of those trash 
are so deeply entangled with my own,
I cannot help but believe it is destiny.
DIO: To be more specific...
DIO: It is not the Joestars that I fear.
DIO: It is the fact that I cannot
underestimate the Joestar bloodline.
DIO: I feel that I must rid the 
Joestars from my wheel of fortune.
Enya: You thought to eliminate them 
yourself simply because you feel
that they cannot be underestimated?
DIO: Yes.
Enya: Foolishness!
You should never engage in such foolishness!
Enya: We already have seven Stand users— 
The Empress, The Hanged Man,
Strength, The Wheel of Fortune, Temperance,
The Emperor, and The Devil— on the move.
Enya: You need not worry about 
taking action yourself, Lord DIO.
person: Whoa!
person: A-A freighter!
person: I didn't see it at all.
Joseph: Jotaro, what are you concerned about?
Joseph: Do you think there might be
another Stand user on this freighter, too?
Jotaro: No, I was just wondering why
no one's shown themselves, 
even though the ramp is down.
Polnareff: They came this far to rescue us!
Polnareff: There has to be someone aboard!
Polnareff: Even if they're all Stand users,
I'm getting on this boat.
Jotaro: Grab on. I'll help you up.
Jotaro: Good grief.
Joseph: Wh-What's with this boat?!
Joseph: There's no captain in the pilothouse!
Joseph: There's no operator in the radio room.
Joseph: There's no one anywhere!
Joseph: And yet, look!
All the meters and machines are working properly.
Polnareff: Maybe they're all in the bathroom 
with a bad case of diarrhea.
Joseph: Hey! Isn't anyone around?
Anne: Everyone, come over here!
Anne: A monkey!
Anne: There's a monkey inside that cage.
Kakyoin: An orangutan.
Joseph: Who the hell cares about a monkey?!
Joseph: Let's split up and find whoever's been feeding it.
Avdol: Well?
guy: It doesn't appear to be broken, but...
Joseph: Avdol! That sailor's in danger!
Jotaro: Good grief.
A welcome like this is a bit much for a girl.
guy: B-But no one was touching it...
guy: I saw that crane move, even though 
there was no one operating it!
guy: Th-That crane impaled him on its own!
Joseph: Be careful! There's someone here.
Joseph: Hey! Don't touch any of the machinery.
Joseph: If it moves or runs on electricity, 
don't lay a finger on it!
Joseph: If you want to live, follow my orders.
Joseph: Don't leave the cabin down 
below until we say it's okay!
Joseph: Did anyone see even a
glimpse of a Stand just now?
Polnareff: No...
Avdol: My apologies...
I was the closest to the crane,
yet I felt nothing.
Kakyoin: All right. I will have my 
Hierophant Green look around.
Anne (internal): I-I have no idea what's going on,
but dangerous things keep happening 
when you guys are around.
Anne (internal): Are you guys jinxes?
Anne (internal): I've heard about people who cause 
disasters that endanger everyone,
and that I should avoid them.
Anne (internal): Is that what you are?
Joseph: I have just one bit of truth for you.
Joseph: We are on your side.
Joseph: Make sure you stay with the others. Got it?
Anne: Okay.
Anne: You want me to open the cage?
Anne: I can't.
I don't know where the key is, and you're so big.
Anne: You're giving me an apple?
Anne: But it doesn't make sense...
This apple's been cut with a knife, 
and the color hasn't changed yet...
Anne: It was just cut.
Anne: Hey, so there is someone 
somewhere on this boat, right?
Anne: Do you know where the 
person who feeds you is?
Anne: Y-You're a pretty smart monkey, aren't you?
Anne: Is a monkey like you actually into looking at
pinups of human girls?
guy: Hey, be careful!
guy: They say an orangutan has
five times the strength of a human,
so it could easily rip off your arm.
guy: Come on. Stay with us in the 
room on the other side.
guy: Don't go off by yourself.
Anne: O-Okay...
Kakyoin: It's inconceivable.
I've had Hierophant Green search everywhere,
but I can't find any signs of life.
Kakyoin: We've searched every
pipe and crevice, but nothing!
guy: Well?
guy: I-It's no use. I can't get a connection.
guy: Well, try one more time!
Anne: I'm all sticky from the salt water...
Jotaro: Hey!
Anne: Jojo!
Jotaro: Here's your lock!
Jotaro: This ape... is no ordinary ape.
Jotaro: Could it be that he's...
Jotaro: I-Is he the one that removed the fan?
Jotaro: So this ape's a Stand user.
But where's the Stand?
Jotaro: Why can't I see it?
Jotaro: What?
The steel propeller bent on its own?
Anne: Jojo!
Jotaro: Wh-What is this?
Jotaro: Once again, I can't see the Stand,
and yet the window broke.
Jotaro: Star Platinum!
Jotaro (internal): What's with this thing?
Jotaro (internal): The ape sank into the wall and disappeared!
Jotaro: Hey. You saw that, didn't you?
Stay close to me.
Something bad is going down.
Jotaro (internal): The ape vanished into the wall...
Jotaro (internal): But that orangutan has to be the Stand user...
Jotaro (internal): When I touched it with my hand,
I felt a Stand's energy coming from it.
Jotaro (internal): But why can't I see the Stand?
Jotaro (internal): But... if I can see it, that would mean...
Anne: Wh-What?
Avdol: Wh-What is this?!
Joseph: C-Crap!
Polnareff: Th-This is...
Joseph: Is this freighter...
Joseph: C-Could it be that the ship itself is...
Jotaro: So the Stand is the freighter!
Jotaro: C-Crap!
Joseph: All of it! Everything!
This ship itself is a gigantic Stand!
Polnareff: The ship?!
Polnareff: There are Stands that people,
like that girl and the crew members 
who aren't Stand users, can see?
Avdol: We would have to assume
that it's because the
energy of its presence is so
enormous and powerful.
Avdol: But it must demand tremendous
power to operate such a gigantic Stand.
Avdol: Kakyoin! Use Hierophant 
Green and contact Jotaro!
Kakyoin: I-I can't!
It's got a firm hold on my Stand.
Polnareff: So this is what it means to face certain doom.
Polnareff: We were already hopelessly ensnared.
Kakyoin: The pressure is getting greater...
Kakyoin: At this rate, our bodies will be torn apart.
Kakyoin: E-Everyone will be...
Joseph: W-We were careless...
narator: The word that the orangutan
was pointing to was "strength."
narator: It means force, energy, power, or aid.
narator: And... it is the eighth card of the Tarot!
narator: It suggests challenge, powerful will,
and hidden instinct!
Jotaro (internal): This ape thinks it's already won.
narator: "This ship, the entire thing, is my Stand!"
"You've completely lost!"
narator: "You can't do anything!"
narator: That's what it's saying.
That's what this ape is saying!
Jotaro: That button's not part of your Stand.
Jotaro: You mad?
I guess it wounded your pride,
since you thought you'd already won.
Jotaro: No, it's not hurt...
Because apes don't have any pride!
Jotaro: That's exactly what makes you an ape.
Jotaro: What's going to hurt...
Jotaro: is your head!
Jotaro: Good grief.
Jotaro: I've heard that, when frightened,
animals show their stomachs
to signal that they're giving up.
Jotaro: So you're asking me to forgive you?
Jotaro: But you've already broken 
the rules of being an animal.
Jotaro: So I don't think so.
Anne: It's distorting...
The whole ship is twisting up!
Jotaro: Hey. Be surprised later.
Jotaro: This ship's about to sink.
Jotaro: We're gonna get out of here, 
by the boats we came in on.
Anne: I-I can't believe it.
The ship's shape is changing.
It's turning into such a shoddy little boat...
Avdol: Unbelievable...
So that monkey used its own
Stand to get this far into the ocean.
Avdol: What terrifying power.
That was the first time I've 
encountered such energy.
Joseph: We were completely overwhelmed.
If Jotaro hadn't figured it out, 
we would have been done for.
Joseph: But are we going to encounter 
even more Stands with
unknown powers from now on?
Polnareff: Want some gum?
Avdol: So we're going to be drifting again.
Jotaro: Good grief. My cigarettes are soaked.
Polnareff: There'll be plenty of sun and
time for them to get dry, Jojo.
Joseph: We'll just have to pray that we get 
rescued and reach Singapore safely.
Kakyoin: It's been four days since we left Japan...
narator: There are 46 days until the time limit.
Enya: It seems Strength has been defeated.
Enya: But have no fear.
The remaining six Stand 
users are all very powerful.
Enya: And one of them is also my son!
Enya: My son's right arm shall take care of them all.
DIO: You are a strange old woman.
What is it that you desire?
Enya: I have already told you many times...
Enya: My wish is to stay by your side.
Enya: Your guardian spirit has an 
unbelievable amount of power.
Enya: Your ability to escape trouble, 
and your strange life,
are also the result of that.
Enya: I would like to see your life!
Enya: That is all...
narator: Once upon a time,
narator: a prince from the land of Sumatra
went out to sea, seeking new lands.
narator: He then found an island where
there were white-maned
lions called Singas,
and so he named the island Singapura.
narator: A country of straits that ships and tankers from
around the world pass through!
narator: A country whose people share
both Western and Eastern heritage 
thanks to free trade: Singapore!
Polnareff: Good grief. We're finally here.
Joseph: We'll stay at a hotel tonight and 
figure out our route to Egypt.
Joseph: All right, let's stay at that hotel.