narator: The Red Sea.
narator: Divers all agree:
narator: it is the most beautiful sea in the world.
narator: The east and west shores are both red deserts,
which is why it's known as the Red Sea.
narator: There are no cities nearby to pollute it,
narator: nor rivers that flow into it.
narator: It is an unsullied sea.
Polnareff: Hey, can you drive this thing, Avdol?
Avdol: Tsk, tsk. No problem.
Joseph: I can drive it, too!
Jotaro: You're not driving this thing.
I'm not letting you crash us again.
Joseph: Hmph. My grandson is so harsh.
Kakyoin: A submarine, huh...
Kakyoin: This is my first time in one,
but it's not as cramped as I expected.
Joseph: Yeah. This is a vessel that the rich use 
to explore the sea floor for pleasure.
Joseph: As you see, it even has windows.
Polnareff: Oooh! Nice!
Joseph: Whoa.
Polnareff: I've always kind of liked this sort of thing.
Polnareff: I wish I could've ridden it with a cute girl...
Avdol: I see you haven't changed, Polnareff.
Avdol: We didn't come here to play.
Polnareff: What's that?
Joseph: It's a sonar.
It uses reflected sound waves
to detect things underwater, a bit like radar.
Polnareff: Wow...
Avdol: All clear. Nothing is coming toward us.
Joseph: With this, we can detect anyone trying 
to attack us, from any direction.
Jotaro: But if we were to be attacked in here,
we'd have nowhere to run.
Jotaro: We are 60 meters below sea level, after all.
Kakyoin: Wow... I guess this is to be expected
of pleasure cruiser for the wealthy.
Kakyoin: A refrigerator, coffee maker...
Kakyoin: Not to mention the latest satellite phones.
Wow!
Polnareff: Get me a drink, Kakyoin.
Polnareff: I'm parched.
Avdol: I'd like one, too.
Kakyoin: All right.
Kakyoin: Is cola okay?
Jotaro: Hey, old man.
Jotaro: What's the matter? You're just standing there.
Joseph: Everyone, be quiet for a moment.
Joseph: I'm going to make a phone call.
Polnareff: A phone call? To where?
Kakyoin: It must be very important,
if you're calling from here.
Joseph: Yes, it's an important and delicate matter.
Everyone, please be quiet.
Suzie: Oh, I don't know... Which one should I pick?
Suzie: The sparkly design is more to my liking,
Suzie: but it's for the charity event tomorrow.
Suzie: Maybe a refreshing white would be better...
Suzie: What do you think, Rosas?
Rosas: They both look lovely on you, Madam.
Suzie: Coming!
Suzie: Hello?
Suzie: Oh, Joseph, it's you.
Suzie: It's been a while. By the way, where are you?
Suzie: It's a bit hard to hear you.
Joseph: R-Right... I'm at a hotel.
Joseph: I'm sorry, but I don't think I'll be
back any time soon, because of work.
Suzie: Oh, goodness. That must be very difficult.
Suzie: Traveling on business to another 
country right after going to Japan...
Suzie: It's been nearly a month now, hasn't it?
Joseph: Y-Yes. I'm sorry.
Joseph: By the way, Suzie...
Joseph: Have you spoken to Holly?
Suzie: Yes, I just spoke to her on the phone yesterday.
Suzie: She mentioned catching a cold
that's developed into a bit of pneumonia.
Suzie: She says it's not serious, but I'm 
thinking about going to visit her.
Joseph: No. There's no need for that. 
I'm sure she'll recover quickly.
Joseph: You're such a worrywart...
Polnareff: This was the important conversation?
Avdol: Yes. Madam Joestar is full of vitality,
Joseph: Yes, I'll check up on that myself.
Avdol: so he needs to check in now and then
Avdol: to make sure she doesn't visit Miss Holly 
in Japan, and discover the truth.
Joseph: Right.
Kakyoin: Meaning that she...
Joseph: Right.
Avdol: Of course, she hasn't been told anything.
There's no need to worry her.
Joseph: It's all right. There's nothing to worry about.
Suzie: Well...
Suzie: I see. All right.
Suzie: I'll hold off on going to Japan.
Suzie: By the way, Joseph, I have 
something I'd like to ask you.
Suzie: I'm trying to decide between a 
white dress and a purple one...
Joseph: R-Right. Hey, Suzie, could 
you let me talk to Rosas?
Suzie: What?
Rosas: Madam.
Rosas: Have you considered your blue dress?
Rosas: It should be in the back of the closet.
Suzie: That's right. I'll go take a look.
Rosas: Hello, it's me, Master Joseph.
Joseph (internal): Where's Suzie?
Rosas: She has left the room.
There is no chance of her overhearing us now.
Joseph: I see...
Joseph: Actually, right now, I'm calling you 
from the submarine that I spoke of.
Rosas (internal): So you were safely able to 
meet up with Master Avdol?
Yes.
Joseph: So, how is Holly doing?
Joseph: Have you gotten hold of the doctors 
from the Speedwagon Foundation?
Rosas: Well, actually...
Rosas: Miss Holly says on the phone 
that she only has a cold.
She is quite insistent...
Rosas: But her condition worsens by the day.
Rosas: Master Joseph! Perhaps we should 
tell Madam Joestar the truth.
Joseph: No.
Joseph: There's no need for that.
Joseph: We will end all of this very soon.
Joseph: It's best if she can just go 
back to her daily routine.
Joseph: Do not let Suzie know anything 
under any circumstances.
Joseph: I'll contact you again.
Rosas: As you wish. I pray for your safe return.
Suzie: Oh, Rosas, did you already hang up?
I wasn't done talking to him!
Rosas: Madam...
Suzie: Oh, well. It's fine. Let's have some tea.
Suzie: You'll have some, too, won't you, Rosas?
Suzie: Oh?
Rosas: M-Madam!
Rosas: Please have a seat.
I shall serve you the tea.
Suzie: Really?
Kakyoin: You have my condolences, Mr. Joestar.
Polnareff: But don't worry. We're here with you.
Polnareff: Egypt's right in front of us.
Avdol: We must defeat DIO as soon as possible
and save Miss Holly.
Avdol: That is exactly why I have returned.
Joseph: Right. Thank you, everyone.
Polnareff: This is actually pretty easy.
I guess it's no wonder you can drive it, Avdol.
Avdol: For crying out loud!
Avdol: Hey, don't get overconfident.
There are many obstacles in the sea.
Polnareff: Yeah, I know. All right!
Let's speed up just a little bi—
Avdol: Polnareff!
Polnareff: That wasn't me!
Polnareff: I'm so tired. Are we there yet?
Kakyoin: One, two, three, four, five...
Kakyoin: Oh, there are exactly five cups.
Polnareff: Hey!
Hurry up and make some coffee.
I want some now!
Kakyoin: Make it yourself, then.
Avdol: Hey. I can see the coast of Africa.
We're about to arrive!
Avdol: Near this coral reef, there is an 
underwater tunnel formed by erosion.
Avdol: The exit is 200 meters inland.
Let us surface there.
Joseph: So, we've finally made it to Egypt.
Polnareff: Yeah, finally.
Jotaro: Egypt, huh...
Avdol: Yes, finally.
Avdol: What's wrong?
Polnareff: Nah, I'm just really happy.
It's been a while since all five 
of us were last together.
Jotaro: Hey, Kakyoin.
Why did you bring six cups? 
There are five of us.
Kakyoin: That's odd. I guess I wasn't paying attention.
Kakyoin: I could have sworn it was five...
all: Wh—
Joseph: What?!
Jotaro: Old man!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar!
Polnareff: Impossible!
Avdol: It's a Stand! At some point, 
a Stand got into the submarine!
Polnareff: I-It disappeared!
Jotaro: No, that's not it!
Avdol: It transformed!
Avdol: It turned into one of the gauges!
Just as it turned into a coffee cup!
Polnareff: Seriously?
Polnareff: We're at the coral reef!
We were only a few hundred 
meters from surfacing in Egypt!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar is unconscious, 
but his wounds aren't deep.
Kakyoin: It was just his artificial hand.
Polnareff: Th-The phone?!
Who is it at a time like this?
Kakyoin: Ignore it, Polnareff!
Don't get distracted!
Avdol: It's the High Priestess.
Avdol: The enemy is using the Stand that 
suggests The High Priestess.
Jotaro: You know of it?
Avdol: I've heard of it.
Avdol: The name of the the Stand user is Midler.
Avdol: It's a Stand that can be controlled from far away,
Avdol: so the user is probably on the surface.
Kakyoin: What's its power?
Avdol: It can turn into anything that's metal or glass,
as long as it's a mineral.
Avdol: So that includes plastic and vinyl, as well.
Avdol: Even if we touch it or hit it,
unless it attacks, we have no way of recognizing it.
Polnareff: B-But where did it sneak in here from?
Polnareff: I see... So that's how.
Polnareff: How simple... So it cut a hole and came in?
Avdol: It broke the surfacing system.
Avdol: We're sinking faster!
Kakyoin: We're suddenly low on oxygen.
Kakyoin: Navigation is impossible!
Polnareff: Damn it! Shut up! Who the hell 
is it at a time like this?
Polnareff: Jotaro?!
Avdol: Hey! Don't touch things without thinki—
Suzie (internal): Hi, Joseph, it's me!
Suzie: I wasn't done talking to you,
so I made Rosas give me the number.
Suzie (internal): Why aren't you speaking?
Not to mention, what a rowdy hotel you're in.
Suzie (internal): I hear something like... a siren?
Suzie (internal): And the sound of water... 
Is a bathtub overflowing?
Jotaro: Sorry, but the old man can't 
come to the phone right now.
Suzie: That voice... Is that you,
Suzie (internal): Jotaro?! Where's Joseph?
Suzie: You should be in Japan.
Why are you with your grandfather?
Suzie: Answer me, Jotaro.
Jotaro: There's nothing to worry about, Grandma Suzie.
Jotaro: The old man has me.
Jotaro: Later. Once things calm down, we'll call you back.
Suzi: Jotaro!
Avdol: Hold on! We're going to hit the sea floor!
Polnareff: Oh my God!
Polnareff: I knew this would happen!
Every vehicle we ride in gets destroyed!
Jotaro: I'm never getting in a submarine again.
Suzie: How strange...
Suzie: I could get through until a moment ago.
It seems as though the line is dead.
Suzie: But...
Suzie: Why was Jotaro...?
Polnareff: H-Hey, the oxygen's getting thin in here.
Jotaro: Kakyoin.
Jotaro: Did you see which gauge the Stand turned into?
Kakyoin: It...
It looked like it turned into this one.
Avdol: No! Jotaro! It already moved!
Avdol: It's right behind Kakyoin!
Kakyoin: Hierophant Green!
Avdol: Kakyoin!
Avdol: Everyone, head toward the door.
Avdol: It's become part of the hull's 
surface and started moving.
Polnareff: You say that, but...
Avdol: If we stay in this room, we'll all get badly hurt.
Avdol: Are you all right, Kakyoin?
Kakyoin: Y-Yes...
Avdol: Everyone, head to the next room!
Avdol: We'll seal this room and trap it inside!
Avdol: I-Impossible!
I-It already moved and
transformed into the door wheel...
Avdol (internal): I-I have to take my hands off!
Its nails tore off Mr. Joestar's artificial hand...
Avdol: What?!
Polnareff: Yes! We got it!
Avdol: Th-That was close...
Jotaro: Apparently, it can't move faster than Star Platinum.
Jotaro: What should we do with it?
Polnareff: Jotaro, don't hesitate!
Show no mercy! Hurry up and rip its head off.
Jotaro: Aye-aye, sir.
Jotaro: B-Bastard...
Jotaro: It turned into a razor!
Jotaro: I-Impossible...
Avdol: It's strong!
Kakyoin: I can't believe it landed an attack on Jotaro.
Kakyoin: What an enemy...
Joseph: Wh-What's going on?
I'm not sure what's happening,
but are we in a pinch?
Jotaro: Shut up, old man.
Avdol: If we touch it, we'll get attacked.
So, we just need to not touch it!
Avdol: Magician's Red!
Polnareff: Silver Chariot!
Polnareff: It's hard.
Polnareff: Chariot's rapier can't pierce it!
Joseph: We should strike while it's visible.
Avdol: Everyone, stand back.
Polnareff: Th-There's still oxygen over here.
Kakyoin: But it's just a matter of time.
Avdol: Are you all right?
Joseph: Yeah.
Avdol: Leave it, Jotaro! It'll transform again.
We're sinking, so we need to trap that thing!
Avdol: We'll figure out how to fight it then!
Jotaro: I, Jotaro Kujo, will end you myself.
Joseph: What?! Jotaro, you answered 
a phone call from Suzie?
Joseph: Damn it... You shouldn't have done that.
Joseph: Well, whatever. Anyway, we'll talk 
when we get out of this predicament.
Joseph: Leave it to me.
Jotaro: Do you have a plan?
Joseph: Yeah... A brilliant one.
Joseph: I, Joseph Joestar, have been in 
a number of situations like this.
Suzie: Why was Jotaro with Joseph?
Suzie: Have you heard anything?
Rosas: N-No...
Suzie: But... I was happy to hear that 
boy's voice after so long.
Suzie: I heard he's become rather wild lately,
Suzie: but deep down, he's a sweet child 
who cares very much for his family.
Suzie: I'm sure he's helping Joseph out in many ways.
Rosas (internal): Yes, Madam. Master Jotaro and Master Joseph
are most likely fighting a common 
enemy together right now.
Rosas (internal): To save Miss Holly, someone very 
dear to them, from the evil curse.
Kakyoin: What do we do now?
Kakyoin: I'm not sure if it's us or the Stand that's trapped.
Kakyoin: Sooner or later, it'll cut its way
out of that room and get here!
Avdol: We are definitely at a disadvantage in 
this closed space filled with machines.
Avdol: This submarine is done for.
We need to abandon it and escape!
Avdol: We just need to surface in Egypt!
Polnareff: But we're 40 meters below sea level!
It's not that deep, but how are 
we going to get to the surface?
Polnareff: Now we're scuba diving?
I've never done this before...
Joseph: Hurry up! Step on it!
Jotaro: Good grief.
Joseph: But I can't make the necessary 
preparations to dive with this hand.
Joseph: Help me out, Jotaro.
Jotaro: Do it yourself.