Enya: My son has just died...
Enya: I can sense the misfortune that 
has befallen my son, J. Geil,
Enya: through the connection we share as a family.
Enya: My precious son...
Enya: So you died covered with wounds like this...
Enya: I sense it through this pain, 
the same pain you felt.
Enya: You were magnificent as you
fought for Lord DIO, J. Geil!
Enya: But...
To kill someone like you, with a soul so pure...
Enya: I'm sure they did something underhanded.
Enya: Damn them!
Enya: The bastards!
I will make sure they pay a terrifying price
Enya: with the Empress card!
Enya: Move!
Enya: Now is the time to take action...
Enya: With the Stand that kills slowly!
Enya: I'm so sad!
Enya: I shall kill them all!
narator: Jojo and company are heading to 
the sacred city, Varanasi, by bus.
Polnareff: Listen up.
Polnareff: I don't usually lecture.
Polnareff: Stupid people are stupid because 
they don't understand something
even when you keep repeating it.
Polnareff: You know guys like that, right?
Idiots that just don't understand.
Polnareff: But you know, uh...
Polnareff: I never got your name...
Nena: Nena.
Polnareff: Nena! That's a great name.
Polnareff: You're the daughter of
a wealthy family in the sacred city Varanasi
that we're passing through, right?
Polnareff: You're good-looking, and I can 
see that you're a smart girl.
Polnareff: I have an eye for people, 
so I'm going to lecture you.
Polnareff: Hol Horse is a horrible, lying bastard.
Polnareff: You're being tricked! 
Your parents would cry.
Polnareff: Listen up.
Polnareff: You can't end up like this.
Polnareff: It's easy to do that when you're in love...
Polnareff: But you can't look at things this way.
Polnareff: It's important to look broadly, and be rational.
Kakyoin: Hey. It's coming into view.
Kakyoin: The city of Varanasi.
narator: The holy river, the Ganges.
narator: Saints, the old, the sickly, children,
cows, dogs, monkeys, food, 
excrement, burning corpses...
narator: This river gently embraces 
all these things as it flows.
narator: Everything from birth to
death is laid bare in this river.
narator: It is said that people can spend months
here in the sacred city of Varanasi 
without getting bored.
narator: That is probably because
the scenery one sees in this city
narator: reflects the scenery of one's soul.
Joseph: Man... it's getting worse.
Jotaro: What's wrong, old man?
You don't look well.
Joseph: Looks like the spot that I thought 
was a bug bite got infected.
Kakyoin: It's definitely swollen.
Kakyoin: It would be best to have a doctor 
look at it before it gets worse.
Polnareff: Hey, doesn't that sort of 
look like a person's face?
Joseph: Stop kidding around, Polnareff.
Polnareff: Sorry 'bout that.
Want me to go to the hospital with you?
Joseph: No! Stop treating me like an old man.
Doctor: Let's cut this off.
Joseph: Huh? What'd you say?!
Doctor: It's definitely infected.
Doctor: If we don't cut it off and get 
the poison out, it'll get worse.
Joseph: Hey, hey, hey.
Can't we just put some
medicine and a bandage on it?
Doctor: Don't worry. We'll numb 
the area, so it won't hurt.
Doctor: No problem. No problem at all.
Doctor: Come now, lie down.
Doctor: I studied medicine in England.
I can do appendectomies, too.
Doctor: Uh-oh. It's a little rusty.
Well, that's no problem.
Doctor: All right.
Let's chop that off.
Joseph: What the hell?
I don't want to watch it being cut off.
Doctor: No problem.
Joseph: Hey, are you done?
Joseph: Is it over yet?
Joseph: What?!
Empress: Hey, Doctor!
Empress: Trying to cut me?
You're pretty stupid, you moron!
Joseph: Wh-What the hell is this?!
Empress: I'm the Empress, as in the 
Empress card, Old Man Joseph!
Empress: And now, I'm gonna bloody you up good!
Joseph: When did you get on me, damn it?!
Joseph: It has teeth! It stopped the scalpel!
Joseph: It's so strong!
Joseph: It grabbed the scalpel!
Joseph: Oh, no!
Joseph: Th-Thank goodness it was my artificial hand.
Empress: You bastard! You're gonna cut yourself?
Empress: I'm part of your body, Old Man Joseph.
Empress: You can't get away from me now, honey.
Empress: Now, why don't I guess what you're thinking?
Empress: This is what you're thinking...
Empress: Stands can only be beaten by other Stands.
Empress: Your Stand, Hermit Purple, 
uses the power of remote viewing,
Empress: the ability to see things far away.
Is that enough to fight?
Can that defeat the thing
that's fused with your arm?
Empress: Nope! Not possible!
Joseph: Where's the user?
Where was I when you stuck to me?
Empress: You fool! Like I'd tell you!
Joseph: Damn you!
Empress: Are you going to your friends?
Empress: I wonder if it'll go that smoothly.
nurse: Doctor, your next patient is waiting...
nurse: Th-The doctor...!
Joseph: H-Hey! Don't get the wrong idea!
Joseph: I didn't—
Empress: I am the culprit!
Empress: I am Joseph Joestar! An American!
Empress: I'm staying at Hotel Clarks!
Joseph: What?!
Empress: By the way, girlie.
Empress: I have a thing for hot
young nurses like yourself.
Joseph: What?!
nurse: Murderer!
Joseph: Wait! It's not true!
Joseph: Oh, no...
Empress: Now you can't go back to the hotel.
Empress: Now I can kill you without 
anyone getting in the way!
Joseph: Y-You little bitch!
Joseph: I'll crush you to bits!
Joseph: What?
Empress: Hey, this is your arm.
Empress: Take care of it, you shitty old man.
Joseph (internal): It grew arms. I-Is it continuing to grow?
Joseph: H-Hey! Let go!
What are you holding on to? Let go!
Empress: Nope!
Empress: Officer! The culprit's over here!
Empress: He's right here!
Joseph (internal): It's been a while since it came to this...
officer: Hey! What are you doing?
Joseph: Overdrive!
Empress: You moron!
Empress: This is your arm!
You think your Hamon would 
work against your own body?
officer: You, right there! Don't move!
Joseph: In that case, Hermit Purple!
Empress: I-It's squeezing me...
Joseph: I can use Hermit Purple this way, too!
officer: I told you not to move!
officer: You! Stop right there!
Joseph (internal): Damn it!
Empress: What are you doing? It's dark in here!
Joseph (internal): What is happening?
Polnareff: So really, Nena...
Polnareff: Real men don't talk big.
Polnareff: That's how you figure out who's a liar.
Joseph (internal): Since I was avoiding the police,
I ended up going in the
opposite direction of the hotel.
Joseph (internal): If I'd known this would happen,
I would have taken Polnareff with me.
Polnareff: Instead of a petty guy like Hol Horse,
Polnareff: how about me? Am I not your type?
Polnareff: I don't dwell on the past.
Polnareff: I don't care who you were dating in the past.
Polnareff: What's important is the future.
Polnareff: If our feelings understand each other.
Nena: Oh, look over there.
Nena: That place is a hotel run by a 
Japanese woman named Kumiko.
Nena: She manages it with her Indian husband.
guy: Out of the way.
You'll get run into.
Nena: We can probably get a room very cheap.
Polnareff: Oh, really?
Polnareff: Now, what about this hotel?
Joseph: Wha...
Joseph: What are you doing?
Empress: I'm eating, Joestar.
Empress: To get bigger.
Joseph: You stole those at the market! 
You quick little bastard.
Joseph: Why, you...
Empress: Now I'm this big!
You might say I'm mooching off my parent...
Well, I guess in this case
it'd be my parent's arm, Papa.
Joseph: You ugly bitch!
Joseph: I'll show you that I, Joseph Joestar,
have many years more 
fighting experience than you!
Joseph (internal): I said that, but what the hell am I going to do?
Damn it...
Joseph: Anyway, Hermit Purple!
Empress: Father, thank you for raising me.
Empress: But you shouldn't tie your children down like this.
Empress: You need to raise your children to be free.
Joseph: Oh, no!
Joseph (internal): I-It's no use.
I want to use Hermit Purple's
remote viewing to find the user,
Joseph (internal): but I don't have a camera!
Joseph (internal): Wh-What should I do?
At this rate... is not just my arm,
but my whole body going 
to become part of her?
Empress: I've now grown enough that I can kill you.
Empress: See? My hand can reach your neck.
Empress: If I bust the carotid artery 
in your neck, you're done for.
Joseph: Oh, no!
What's that guy doing?
Joseph: You bastard!
guy 1: What the hell is that?
guy 2: Look!
That guy's got a nasty-looking growth on his arm.
Joseph (internal): Damn it! Where's the Stand user?
Nena: Polnareff, sir...
Nena: I'm a woman who can't survive 
without a reliable man.
Nena: I love you... Because you're 
very reliable and kind.
Polnareff: H-Hey, where did all that come from?
Polnareff (internal): I-Is this for real?
I'm totally going to fall for her!
Polnareff (internal): Lucky!
Empress: Hey, Joseph Joestar.
Empress: You idiot.
You keep getting further and
further from Jotaro and the others.
Joseph: Do you think I'm running around 
randomly just to wear myself out?
Joseph: I'm running so I can kill you!
Joseph: It was so...
Joseph: I could dunk you in this!
Empress: You senile old man!
Joseph: A nail?!
Empress: I picked it up earlier.
Empress: I picked it up when we were
rolling around on the ground earlier.
Empress: So I can cut open your carotid artery!
Empress: Did you think I'd suffocate 
if you stuck me in here?
Empress: Die!
Empress: I have a physical form,
but I'm not a living organism.
Empress: Did you already forget that?
Empress: Only Stands can defeat Stands.
Empress: Hey, didn't you say you were going to show
the difference in our fighting experience earlier?
Empress: Where's that "experience" you were talking about?
Empress: You're just a helpless geezer who's gotten too old!
Joseph (internal): M-My artificial fingers...
Joseph (internal): They were on the verge of breaking 
from her attack earlier,
Joseph (internal): and now I can't get any strength in them...
Empress: Just one more push, now.
Empress: Your life as an invalid is 
about to come to an end.
Empress: There's not a single way you can defeat m—
Empress: Huh?
Empress: Not a single way...
Joseph: What?
Not a single what?
Joseph: Sorry, my hearing isn't what it used to be.
Joseph: Run that by me one more time.
Empress: Coal tar!
Empress: You stuck me into coal tar!
Empress: It wasn't to suffocate me,
but to solidify me!
Empress: B-But...
How did you know there was coal tar in there?
Joseph: With the power of my Stand, Hermit Purple.
guy 1: H-Hey, everyone look...
guy 2: What is this?
guy 3: The ashes that foreigner spilled everywhere...
guy 3: They've formed into a map of the city.
Empress: Y-You used spirit photography!
Empress: That's how you found the coal tar.
Empress: You used the ashes to make a spirit photo!
Joseph: Now I think you should be able to see
the difference in our fighting experience.
Joseph: Once your opponent starts to boast 
his victory, he has already lost.
Joseph: This is how Joseph Joestar does things.
Joseph: I guess I just get better with age.
Joseph: And...
Joseph: A Stand can tear away another Stand.
Joseph: You're going to say,
"Stop, anything but that."
Empress: Stop! Stop, anything but that!
Joseph: This isn't good. It pains me, too.
Joseph: Children can't depend on their parents forever.
Joseph: You've got to go out on your 
own once you've grown big!
Joseph: Now then... where's this Stand user?
Polnareff: W-Well, then, Nena...
Polnareff: Let's swear our love with a kiss.
Polnareff: What? What? What the hell?!
Polnareff: Wh-What's wrong, Nena?!
Joseph: So that's The Empress's Stand user...
Polnareff: Huh?
Polnareff: Huh?!
Joseph: This ugly woman...
Joseph: She attached her Stand to me
as a tumor with a human face,
Joseph: and camouflaged herself as a beautiful woman.
Joseph: That was pretty careless...
Joseph: She totally played you, Polnareff.
Polnareff: U-Ugh...
Kakyoin: And here I thought we'd
finally be able to sleep in a bed.
Jotaro: Maybe if the old man hadn't screwed up
and gotten cops chasing him down.
Joseph: I took care of things.
Joseph: We can take this car.
Joseph: Polnareff, you can do the driving.
Joseph: Hey, are you still in shock?
Joseph: I was the one attacked by the Stand.
Polnareff: I'd rather have gone through that...