Polnareff: Man, it's super hot today.
Polnareff: I haven't had a bath since yesterday.
Polnareff: My good looks are going to waste.
Polnareff: What the hell, man?!
Do you want something from me?
guy: How dense are you?!
I'm telling you to get out of my way!
guy: You're a foreigner.
Don't sit here like you're a beggar!
guy: Who the hell gave you permission?
person: Ah, are you a needy foreigner?
person: This isn't much, but here you go.
Polnareff: Hey, this is...
guy: Y-You bastard! How dare you?!
Th-This is my territory, damn it!
Polnareff: Territory?
Avdol: Hey, Polnareff!
Avdol: Don't sit there.
And give that money to him.
Polnareff: Is this guy a beggar?
Avdol: Sorry. My friend doesn't 
know much about this city.
Polnareff: You should have just said so in the first place.
guy: I'm a beggar who can't speak in
public for professional reasons.
Avdol: This city has a beggars' association.
Each beggar has an established territory
where he's paid to sit and do his work.
Avdol: That may seem strange, 
but without rules like this,
there'd be chaos in the streets.
Polnareff: Huh...
guy: Even worse, you hurt my pride!
I wonder if I'd earn more if I 
dressed up like a needy foreigner...
guy: Maybe I'll start doing that.
guy: By the way, I thought you looked familiar.
guy: Aren't you Avdol, the fortune teller?
guy: I heard that someone was trying
to kill you, so you fled to Japan.
Avdol: I've been looking for you
to ask a favor, since you hear 
much and remember it well.
Avdol: I'll pay well.
Avdol: We need to find the location shown in this picture,
and we're in a bit of a hurry.
guy: I'm done with work for the day.
guy: I can find the place from
that picture in three hours.
Wait right there.
Polnareff: Hey... Where did Iggy go, anyway?
guy: There's no doubt about it.
That's the mansion.
guy: I found it in two hours.
There's nothing in this city that I can't find.
guy: Huh?
narator: Iggy then thought to himself...
Iggy (internal): That bird is a Stand user like me.
Iggy (internal): A Stand of ice dropped that thing.
And he's protecting this mansion.
Iggy (internal): He eliminates those who try to enter it.
Iggy (internal): Wh-Which means that bird
Iggy (internal): will come after me next!
narator: Since ancient times, 
the Egyptians had been hunting
using falcons that would glide 
through the Nile Valley.
narator: The falcon was called Horus,
and was highly regarded as the 
guardian deity of the royal family.
narator: Its eye, which can spot small
animals several kilometers away,
narator: is called the Eye of Horus.
narator: The Eye of Horus is a design
symbolizing fortune and glory.
narator: His name is Pet Shop.
narator: His Stand suggests the
god of the heavens, Horus.
narator: Iggy thought to himself...
Iggy (internal): I-It appears that I've stumbled upon
the mansion Joestar and the others
want to find, where that guy DIO lives.
Iggy (internal): And...
Iggy (internal): It was that Stand's power that 
dropped that chunk of ice.
Iggy (internal): So he's not a guard dog, but a guard bird.
Iggy (internal): Y-You've got to be kidding me.
Iggy (internal): I've got nothing to do with this DIO guy.
Iggy (internal): I was dragged to Egypt against my will
and ended up traveling with 
Joestar's gang. That's all!
Iggy (internal): Like hell I'm going to fight!
Iggy (internal): I just want to live comfortably,
Iggy (internal): fall in love with a hot bitch,
and live a peaceful, carefree life.
Iggy (internal): Like hell I'm going to do something as
dangerous as fighting this violent jerk
when I'm not gonna get anything out of it!
Iggy (internal): I'm just gonna act like a dumb mutt
so he'll think I've got nothing to do with this.
Iggy (internal): Those eyes...
I can't tell what that bird's 
thinking from his eyes.
Iggy (internal): I don't think I'd lose to him in a Stand battle,
Iggy (internal): but I've worked hard to act like an idiot.
I've got nothing to do with this!
Iggy (internal): Hurry up and go back to
the mansion, you birdbrain.
driver: Oh, it's a bird.
driver: What's with that bird? 
I-It's not even trying to dodge!
driver: I-I can't stop in time!
driver: I-I'm gonna run it over!
driver: Wh-What was with that bird?
driver: I-It was able to go under the car,
despite how low it is?
driver: A bird that didn't even try to flee,
but actually charged toward the car...
Iggy (internal): Wh-What a crazy bastard...
Anyway, it looks like he's lost interest in me.
Iggy (internal): He only attacks if you try to enter the mansion.
Iggy (internal): If Joestar and the others actually find this place,
they'll have a hell of a time trying to get in.
Iggy (internal): Well, it's not my problem.
boy: Chibi! Buchi!
boy: Chibi! Buchi! Where are you?
boy: Hey, have you seen my two dogs?
Their names are Chibi and Buchi.
Iggy (internal): Shut up! Don't ask me, I'm a dog.
Iggy (internal): It's not like I can talk. Are you stupid?
boy: Th-That collar...
boy: This is Chibi's collar!
Why is Chibi's collar under the gate?
boy: And there's blood on it!
Iggy (internal): Chibi and Buchi...
Does he mean those two big dogs from earlier?
boy: Chibi! Buchi!
Iggy (internal): Hey, you're not...
You're not trying to get
under that gate, are you?
Iggy (internal): You'll be killed!
boy: Chibi! Buchi! Are you here?
boy: Chibi! Buchi!
boy: Chibi! Buchi!
Iggy (internal): This isn't my problem.
Iggy (internal): I don't care if some human kid dies.
Iggy (internal): Survival of the fittest is the law of nature.
boy: Buchi! Chibi!
Iggy (internal): Idiots die. The careless die.
Iggy (internal): I'm don't want any trouble.
See ya!
boy: Chibi! Buchi! Where are you?
Come back!
boy: He's eating them! No!
Iggy (internal): Good grief.
Iggy: I can't just stand by and 
let a boy who likes dogs
Iggy: get killed!
boy: Chibi! Buchi!
Iggy: Damn it! I guess I'm gonna have to fight.
narator: It seems this is the first time that
Pet Shop realized Iggy 
was a Stand user like himself.
Iggy: You birdbrain! Come at me! I'll kill you!
narator: The average speed of a falcon's descent 
is over 300 kilometers per hour.
narator: There is no organism that can move faster.
narator: A falcon rips out its prey's vital organs
with its razor-sharp black talons while hunting.
narator: Even traveling at 300 kilometers per hour,
it can still pinpoint its prey's vital organs.
Iggy (internal): What? Did he just smile?
Iggy (internal): It looked like the corners of its 
rigid beak just edged up a little!
Iggy (internal): A smiling bird?
Iggy (internal): Wh-What is this?
Something's not right...
Iggy (internal): The air's gotten awfully cold...
Iggy: I-Ice is coming out of the ground!
Iggy: C-Crap!
My feet got stuck to the ground 
while I was busy looking up!
Iggy: My Stand's feet are also rooted by the ice...
Iggy: Crap!
Iggy: Icicles?!
Polnareff: But seriously, Avdol...
Polnareff: Do you think that sunglasses guy 
can really find DIO's mansion?
Avdol: If he can't find it,
then no one else can.
Avdol: He understands the complex geography 
of Cairo better than anyone else.
Avdol: Believe in him and wait.
Polnareff: You say that, but...
Polnareff: We looked around for three 
days and couldn't find it.
Polnareff: It's hard for me to believe that 
he could find it in three hours.
Avdol: You're getting repetitive, Polnareff.
Avdol: Honestly. Can't you just calm down a bit?
Joseph: I know it's hard not to feel anxious,
but all we can do now is rely on the 
knowledge of those who live here.
Polnareff: Jeez. I haven't seen Iggy for a while, either.
Polnareff: Where the hell did that stupid mutt run off to?
Joseph: Iggy hates being part of any group.
Joseph: I'm sure he's close. He'll show up eventually.
Polnareff: Aren't dogs supposed to like humans?
Polnareff: What a shitty, cynical little mutt.
Iggy: I managed to get away from him.
Iggy (internal): That thing's ice took the
skin right off my paw pads...
Iggy (internal): Damn it! I should have
just let that human kid die.
Iggy (internal): That bird's Stand is no joke.
The ice it makes isn't normal.
Iggy (internal): There's something more to it.
Iggy (internal): I've got to hurry up and
get the hell out of here.
Iggy: Talk about holding a grudge!
narator: Iggy has disappeared.
narator: Where did he disappear to?
Iggy: Damn it...
Iggy: That ruthless bastard doesn't hold back.
Iggy: But in the end, he's still just a bird.
Iggy: This place reeks, but I guess I've gotta deal it.
Iggy: I'll hide out down here for a while.
Iggy: Wh-What the hell is this bird?!
Iggy: Hey.
Iggy: Talk about gullible.
Iggy: What you thought you killed was actually
just The Fool's shapeshifting sand!
Iggy: All right! You must be pretty
stupid if you fell for that.
Iggy: Look at all that blood.
You probably shouldn't move around.
Iggy: I never had any interest in you 
or your master DIO, anyway.
Iggy: Let's just call it a draw.
Iggy: You got to shoot me up 
with those ice missiles, too.
Iggy: Wh-What the hell?
Do you think you're Bruce Lee or somethin'?
Iggy: Hey! I said I won't go near 
your mansion anymore!
Iggy: Let's stop this already. Okay?
Iggy: So that's your Stand's actual design...
Iggy: He used that thing to freeze 
the wound and stop the bleeding!
Iggy: C-Crap!
Iggy: H-He blocked the exit with 
ice when I wasn't looking!
Iggy: The ice is coming this way!
Iggy: Shit!
Iggy: Ice is running all over the tunnel!
Iggy: I-I've got to get out of this tunnel!
Iggy: He blocked this exit, too!
Iggy: He's planning to finish me off.
Iggy: Talk about excessive!
This goes way beyond holding a grudge.
Iggy: He's a machine made to hunt and kill!
Iggy: Not to mention, if he catches me, 
he'll eat me alive!
Iggy: What?! M-My foot!
Iggy: I-I can't get my foot out!