Joseph: How could this have happened?
Joseph: I can't believe...
Joseph: I can't believe we totally fell for it.
narator: Jotaro and company stopped
The Lovers' cowardly attack.
narator: To avoid the politically unstable 
route from Iran to Iraq,
they crossed the Arabian Sea at Karachi,
and entered the United Arab Emirates.
person: Now, once you sign this,
you'll be under contract.
Joseph: Here, right?
Polnareff: Man... If a cute girl like you asked me to,
Polnareff: I might even buy them a car.
girl: My, what a talker.
Polnareff: How about we get dinner sometime?
Joseph: Polnareff, I'm terribly sorry to 
interrupt when you're so busy, but...
Polnareff: Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: We're leaving.
Polnareff: Come on! Don't mess with the hair.
It's really hard to get this hairdo right.
Joseph: Who cares about your hairdo?
Joseph: We need you to drive.
Polnareff: Righto.
Polnareff: Bye, Mademoiselle.
Polnareff: But, man, Mr. Joestar,
why are we riding in such a fancy,
expensive car in this sandy place?
Polnareff: Why not get an off-road vehicle?
Joseph: You'll find out soon enough.
Polnareff: But, man, I can't believe this country.
Every house we see is like a mansion.
Joseph: Indeed.
Joseph: All the houses around here would
cost 3 or 4 billion yen in Tokyo.
Joseph: Apparently, this is the norm for the people here.
Joseph: Just twenty years ago, this was all desert,
but thanks to massive profits from the oil crisis,
Joseph: this place grew into a dream-like city.
Polnareff: The sun is harsh,
but with air conditioning, it's 
perfectly comfortable inside the car.
Polnareff: No complaints here.
Polnareff: Oh?
Jotaro: What's wrong, Kakyoin?
Kakyoin: I-It's nothing.
The view here is amazing.
Kakyoin: If anyone were after us, 
I'm sure we'd spot them,
Kakyoin: but I feel like someone's watching us,
so I can't help looking back.
Polnareff: Yeah, I can't blame you.
Joseph: Well, with that in mind,
Joseph: I've been thinking about our route from here.
Joseph: About 100 kilometers northwest
is a village called Yarpline.
Joseph: Because of the desert and mountains, 
the road is heavily curved.
Joseph: It takes two days to reach by car,
so the villagers use a Cessna to travel.
Joseph: I think we should go to the village first,
buy a Cessna, and cross the 
vast Saudi Arabian desert.
Joseph: Up to now, I've been worried 
that attacks by Stand users
would cause any airplane we rode in to crash,
putting innocent lives at risk.
Joseph: But if we have a Cessna, I can pilot it,
and it'll shorten our travel time.
Jotaro: I don't really want to board a Cessna with a man
who's been through three plane crashes.
Joseph: Well, anyway,
I think we should first cross this desert
to get to the village of Yarpline.
Joseph: On camels, it would take one day.
Polnareff: Camels?!
A Cessna's one thing, but wait a minute!
I've never ridden a camel before.
Joseph: Leave it to me.
I know them very well.
I'll teach you how to ride.
Joseph: Just sit back and relax.
guy: You want camels?
guy: Sure, but they're pretty expensive
guy: and not easy to care for.
Joseph: We're in a serious, life-or-death situation,
Joseph: so we need them, whatever it takes.
Joseph: As for payment, how about a trade for that car?
guy/Polnareff: What?!
guy: That's way too much, sir.
Polnareff: Yeah, Mr. Joestar!
Besides, you just bought that car!
Joseph: Why else do you think I bought 
such a fancy, expensive car?
Joseph: An off-road vehicle is better in the desert.
Joseph: But I wouldn't be able to
write a check in a place like this,
and they don't trust cash here.
Joseph: In a place like this, trading is far more effective.
Joseph: If you try to buy safety for cheap 
in a time of emergency,
you'll end up even worse off in the end.
Joseph: Well, it just means we've suffered a lot already.
Joseph: Hey, Mister.
guy: Huh?
Joseph: This seals the deal, right?
Joseph: Oh, I know. To make things more even,
I'd like the water in those tanks there.
Joseph: In a desert, that's the most important thing.
guy: Water is cheap compared to that car.
guy: You sure are an odd one.
Joseph: All right, everyone. Let's get ready.
Joseph: Crossing a desert is a tough task.
Joseph: Let's keep our wits about us!
Polnareff: I-It stinks!
Polnareff: Hey, Mr. Joestar.
How do you get on it?
Polnareff: It's, like, three meters tall.
Joseph: Well, you see, with camels...
Joseph: You make them sit first, and then get on.
Joseph: You make them sit first, and then get on...
Joseph: You make them sit, then get on!
Joseph: J-Just one moment.
It's gonna sit down right now.
Joseph: Hey! Sit! Sit down!
Joseph: Damn it, you stubborn animal!
Polnareff: Hey, you have ridden one of these before, right?
Joseph: I've seen that really long movie, 
Lawrence of Arabia, three times!
I know very well how to ride a camel!
Joseph: Though, two of those times, 
I slept through half of it...
Polnareff: M-Movie?!
Polnareff: What? You've never actually ridden one?
Joseph: It's great sunscreen! Didn't you know that?
Joseph: Listen up...
Joseph: When dealing with animals, it's 
important to understand how they feel.
Exactly how they feel!
Joseph: Here, doesn't this apple look delicious?
It's tasty!
Joseph: Come on, come on...
Joseph: Good boy...
Joseph: Look! See?! It sat down!
If you take time to understand the camel,
it'll sit down for you!
Joseph: I did it!
Joseph: It's so high up!
Joseph: They can close their nostrils to keep sand out.
Joseph: Just don't make any stupid jokes
like "Once you get over the hump,
it's easy," or they'll kick you.
Joseph: All right. Now I'll tell you what to 
be careful with when riding camels.
Joseph: Listen up.
Camels don't walk like horses.
The front and back leg on the same side
move forward together, so they sway a lot.
Joseph: So just ride with that rhythm.
Joseph: Like this!
Joseph: Hey, wait! T-Too fast!
Joseph: L-Listen to me...
Joseph: Not that way, I said!
Joseph: All right. Looks like everyone 
got on as smoothly as planned.
Joseph: Let's get through that desert, everyone!
Joseph: Onward toward the northwest!
Joseph: Hey, hey, hey, hey...
Kakyoin: Something's wrong.
Kakyoin: I still can't shake the feeling 
that someone's watching us.
Polnareff: Kakyoin, I think you're worrying a bit too much.
Polnareff: The palm leaves are covering our tracks.
Polnareff: And we can see a great distance around us.
Polnareff: If someone were here, we'd know.
Jotaro: Actually, I can't help but feel a presence, too.
Joseph: Jotaro, look into it.
Joseph: Do you see anything suspicious?
Jotaro: No, I don't. There's nothing. But...
Jotaro: Something's weird. Something is...
Polnareff: Hey, let's hurry up and go.
Joseph: Indeed.
Let's get as far as we can,
Joseph: and once the sun goes down,
we'll stop and put up our tents.
Joseph: It's too dangerous to travel at night.
Polnareff: But, man, it's hot. Look, it's 50 degrees Celsius.
Joseph: It is hot.
But it's always hottest around this time of day...
Joseph: Eight o'clock? Wha?
Joseph: Jotaro! What time does your clock say?
Jotaro: Ten after eight...
Jotaro: Hey, Old Man!
Joseph: So, it is...
Joseph: I-I know we lost track of time,
Joseph: b-but what's going on?
Joseph: It's past 8 PM...
Joseph: So why isn't the sun going down?
Polnareff: I-Impossible!
The thermometer just jumped 
to 60 degrees Celsius!
Kakyoin: N-Not only is it not going down...
Polnareff: ...but it's actually rising 
higher and higher in the west!
Joseph: Could that sun be...
Jotaro: ...a Stand?!
Joseph: I-I can't believe this!
We're in the middle of the desert!
Joseph: Try to hide behind some rocks!
Polnareff: That sun is a Stand?!
Polnareff: We were careless. I didn't realize...
Kakyoin: I felt like we were being watched, 
but couldn't see it at all...
Polnareff: At this rate, all day long... No, all night long...
Polnareff: That Stand is planning
to boil us overnight, like octopuses,
Polnareff: and kill us!
Joseph: No. It won't take that long.
It's dangerous to even be in a 
sauna for more than thirty minutes.
Polnareff: How can we fight it?
Polnareff: Damn it! It's now 70 degrees Celsius!
Polnareff: Not to mention, we can't even tell 
if that Stand is close or far away!
Polnareff: The distance is impossible to judge!
Jotaro: The quickest way to settle 
this is to take out the user.
Joseph: Yes, the user... Whoever it is should be nearby.
Joseph: We must find them.
They've been concealing their 
presence from us somehow while
following us all this way.
Polnareff: Hold it!
What if it's like The Lovers
that we encountered in Pakistan,
a Stand that can be remotely controlled?
Joseph: That's inconceivable.
Joseph: A weak Stand can be controlled from a distance,
Joseph: but I'm sure you can feel The Sun's energy...
Joseph: The user must be nearby.
Jotaro: This isn't good...
The camels are collapsing from the heat.
Kakyoin: But just staying still won't help us!
Kakyoin: I'll use Hierophant to look around.
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Kakyoin: I'll just find out the enemy Stand's location.
Kakyoin: If we know how far away it actually is,
we might be able to find the user.
Hierophant Green: Twenty meters. Forty meters...
Hierophant Green: Sixty meters. Eighty meters...
Hierophant Green: One hundred...
Jotaro: Something's not right!
Jotaro: Kakyoin! Call Hierophant back!
Polnareff: Something's coming at us!
Hierophant Green: Before that happens, Emerald...
Joseph: Kakyoin!
Joseph: The camel!
Polnareff: You bastard!
Jotaro: I'm busting a hole in the ground, so get in!
Joseph: Are you all right, Kakyoin?
Kakyoin: Yes. I was in the middle of using Emerald Splash.
That guarded me, so I'm not badly hurt.
Kakyoin: B-But more importantly, it's hot...
I feel like I'm going to go crazy.
Polnareff: That attack was perfectly aimed.
That means the enemy is definitely watching us.
Polnareff: Where are they?! Where's the enemy?
Joseph: Don't talk so loud.
The enemy will find us!
Joseph: Calm down. Let's just sit
tight and see what happens.
Joseph: Oh, shit!
Joseph (internal): Things can't go on like this...
Joseph (internal): Think!
This is the time for an
old-timer like me to shine!
Joseph (internal): But we're in a bad spot.
Joseph (internal): I can't even use my best technique.
Joseph (internal): I have to get some information...
Joseph: Jotaro!
Joseph: Son of a bitch!
Where the hell are you?!
Joseph: How are you watching us?
Is the enemy invisible or something?!
Joseph: Hey, Kakyoin, what's wrong?
Joseph: Hey, Kakyoin!
Joseph: What are you laughing about?
A-Are you all right, Kakyoin?!
Joseph: Get a grip, man!
Joseph: J-Jotaro? You, too?!
Joseph: Y-You, too, Polnareff?!
Joseph: Oh, my God!
E-Everyone's finally lost it because of the heat.
Joseph: I'm the only one left who's sane.
Joseph: Hey! Jotaro, calm down! 
Get a hold of yourself!
Joseph: The best way to win when the 
going gets rough is to stay calm!
Joseph: Wha?!
Kakyoin: Don't get the wrong idea, Mr. Joestar...
Kakyoin: Look at that rock over there.
Kakyoin: Isn't it just big enough for someone to hide behind?
Joseph: What do you mean?
Kakyoin: Now look at the rock on the opposite side.
Joseph: On the opposite side?
Kakyoin: You still don't see it?
Kakyoin: There's a rock that's shaped exactly the same
on the opposite side.
Kakyoin: The shadow is also reversed. Which means...
Polnareff: It's so stupid!
Jotaro: Move.
Out of my way, Old Man.
Joseph: Jotaro! If you go outside right now,
you're all but asking to be attacked!
It's dangerous!
Jotaro: A hole appeared in the air?!
Jotaro: Good grief. You're pathetic, Old Man.
Jotaro: I'll just assume that the heat's too much for you.
Jotaro: Otherwise, it's hard to
believe you're my grandfather.
Kakyoin: We've defeated the enemy Stand,
so it's night now.
Kakyoin: Or should I say it's back to being night?
Polnareff: Either way, we're safe.
Jotaro: How long do you plan to stay in that hole?
Joseph: R-Right...
Jotaro: Good grief. It's finally dark.
Joseph: It's a mirror!
Kakyoin: Take a look.
Kakyoin: Check out the machines behind this mirror.
It's pretty comfortable.
It even has air conditioning.
Polnareff: Man, I didn't realize that 
he was reflecting the desert
landscape and tailing us from behind.
Jotaro: He has a tank of water.
We'll gladly take that.
Polnareff: Hey, a drink.
Joseph: Huh?
Joseph: Wait, this means... we beat him already?
It's done?
Joseph: We don't even know this guy's name,
but we've already beaten his Stand, The Sun?
Kakyoin: That would be what it means.
Jotaro: The Sun card's Stand, huh?
It was quite the opponent,
but once you figure it out, it's pretty stupid.
Kakyoin: Let's hurry to our next destination.
Kakyoin: It's quite chilly in the desert at night, isn't it?
Joseph: W-Wait! Traveling at night is dangerous!
Now we might get lost!
Polnareff: We've defeated our enemy,
so we can have sweet dreams tonight.
narator: Ba-dum-tss.