Joseph: Wh-What? What did you just say, Jotaro?!
Jotaro: You heard me.
Jotaro: Are you so old that your 
hearing's gone, old man?
Jotaro: I said I was going to declare my pitch.
Jotaro: I'll throw a straight, high to the outside.
Joseph: Jotaro!
Jotaro: Will you believe me or not?
Terrence Darby: Are you stupid?
Darby The Yonger(internal): My Stand can see my opponent's soul,
as if with night vision.
Darby The Yonger(internal): No matter who a person might be,
the soul does not lie.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Yes or no? Right or left?
Darby The Yonger(internal): When the question is asked,
I know what they will choose.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Outside or inside? High or low?
Darby The Yonger(internal): A change-up or a straight?
Darby The Yonger(internal): I can know the answer 100% of the time.
Terrence Darby: A straight, high to the outside?
Darby The Yonger(internal): Yes or no?
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Darby The Yonger(internal): Jotaro is not lying.
A straight, high to the outside...
Darby The Yonger(internal): He's really going to throw that.
Darby The Yonger(internal): What's he trying to do?
Apparently, he defeated my brother by bluffing,
Darby The Yonger(internal): but does he actually think he can intimidate me?
Darby The Yonger(internal): What a fool.
Jotaro: I'm pitching.
Terrence Darby: Don't forget that the game will be called
once there's an 11-point difference.
Terrence Darby: What?! It was a change-up!
It shot through! Impossible! It turned!
announcer: And it's a hit!
But the infielder throws to first,
and the batter's out.
Darby The Yonger(internal): I-Impossible.
There was no mistaking that he 
chose a high straight to the outside.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Even if he were a holy man like the Buddha,
or a genius con artist like my brother,
Darby The Yonger(internal): he couldn't possibly control
his own soul like that.
Jotaro: I'm going with a high straight 
to the outside again.
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Darby The Yonger(internal): O-Once again, he's not lying. He's serious!
Terrence Darby: Jotaro... You're not cheating, are you?
Jotaro (internal): I do! I do! I do! I do!
Terrence Darby: What?!
Darby The Yonger(internal): He is cheating?!
announcer: A forkball, low to the inside!
announcer: Pop-up fly to the pitcher.
announcer: Out!
Terrence Darby: You cheated... Jotaro, you bastard!
Terrence Darby: You rigged the console somehow!
Jotaro (internal): No! No! No! No! No! No!
Terrence Darby: What?
Darby The Yonger(internal): It's not rigged?
Terrence Darby: I know that you're cheating!
Terrence Darby: What kind of trick is it?
Darby The Yonger(internal): H-He's not responding.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Damn it! The question has 
to be a yes or no question!
Jotaro: It seems your mind-reading questions
can only be answered with a yes or no.
Jotaro: Your brother liked to say this...
Jotaro: It's not cheating if you don't get caught.
Terrence Darby: It's not cheating if you don't get caught?
Terrence Darby: How dare you speak like you know it all?! 
Who do you think you're talking to?!
Terrence Darby: Pitch, Jotaro!
Terrence Darby: I'll figure out your trick, 
and drag your soul out!
Jotaro: Now, then. Shall we continue?
Jotaro: My next pitch will be...
Jotaro: A straight, high and to the outside.
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Darby The Yonger(internal): Jotaro's soul is not lying.
Darby The Yonger(internal): He's serious about throwing
a high outside straight.
Darby The Yonger(internal): I'll figure it out! I'll figure it out!
Darby The Yonger(internal): I will figure out this trick!
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Darby The Yonger(internal): His soul's will hasn't changed.
Darby The Yonger(internal): It's still saying "yes."
He's really going to throw that.
Darby The Yonger(internal): Here it comes!
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Darby The Yonger(internal): It's still saying "yes."  He threw a straight!
Darby The Yonger(internal): But it dropped! It's a forkball!
Terrence Darby: What?! It changed course!
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes!
umpire: Out! Three outs, change!
Darby The Yonger(internal): I don't understand!
I don't know how he's cheating!
Darby The Yonger(internal): Up to the very last moment,
Jotaro's soul intended to throw a straight.
Darby The Yonger(internal): And yet the pitch changed!
Darby The Yonger(internal): Why?! Why the hell is that happening?!
Jotaro: I will defeat you, D'Arby.
Terrence Darby: Shut up!
Th-The fact that you took off 
your school cap is suspicious.
Terrence Darby: The cheating started as soon 
as you took off your school cap!
Terrence Darby: Get up! I'm going to inspect 
your seat and controller.
Terrence Darby: D-Damn it! I don't get it. I don't know how,
but that cap is how you're cheating!
Terrence Darby: I'm right, aren't I?!
Jotaro (internal): No! No! No! No!
Terrence Darby: Your trick is somewhere around here, right?!
Jotaro (internal): No! No! No! No!
Terrence Darby: You're using Star Platinum 
to cheat, aren't you?!
Jotaro (internal): No! No! No! No!
Terrence Darby: You rigged something, didn't you, Jotaro?!
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Darby The Yonger(internal): God damn it! I... I can read people's souls!
Darby The Yonger(internal): I can read your soul, Jotaro!
Darby The Yonger(internal): But why are all the pitches 
different from my readings?!
Joseph: He, uh... looks like he's aged a bit.
Joseph: He doesn't look like a kid 
in his twenties anymore.
Jotaro: D'Arby, it's your turn to pitch.
Hurry up and throw.
Terrence Darby: Four to three...
Terrence Darby: I can win one run back in no time.
Darby The Yonger(internal): I'm a genius when it comes to games.
There's no way I can lose.
Darby The Yonger(internal): I'm a genius when it comes to games!
There's no way I can lose!
Darby The Yonger(internal): My mind, too...
Darby The Yonger(internal): Schooled through many battles, it is invincible!
Darby The Yonger(internal): An expert at games is an expert at life!
Darby The Yonger(internal): I won't let this damage me!
announcer: It's in! It's a home run!
announcer: The Jaguars score their fifth run!
announcer: It's five to three!
Terrence Darby: Sh-Shit! I accidentally let go of his soul!
Joseph: Kakyoin's soul and 
consciousness have returned!
Terrence Darby: N-No! No! I haven't admitted defeat!
Terrence Darby: It was an accident!
I let go of his soul by accident!
Jotaro: If his soul was set free,
that means that your own soul
Jotaro: has admitted defeat.
Terrence Darby: What?!
Terrence Darby: J-Joseph's Stand...
It's coming out of the controller.
Joseph: O-Oh, whoops.
Terrence Darby: S-Something so stupid...
The cheat was... The one manipulating 
the controller... Damn it...
Terrence Darby: It wasn't Jotaro controlling it, 
but you, Joseph Joestar!
both (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Jotaro: That's right, D'Arby.
I'm sure your brother would have 
been able to figure this out easily.
Jotaro: By the way, old man.
Jotaro: I'm glad you caught on to
my idea without a signal.
Joseph: Of course I can tell what you're thinking!
Joseph: You're my grandson.
Joseph: Snap out of it, Kakyoin.
Terrence Darby: D-Damn it... From behind...
Joseph: Now, then.
Joseph: All that's left is to dispose of him.
Terrence Darby: P-Please forgive me!
I gave you Kakyoin's soul back!
Terrence Darby: Everything's back to normal now!
Terrence Darby: Forgive me, please? Please? Please?
Jotaro: If you want to know if we'll forgive you,
why don't you read our souls?
Jotaro (internal): No! No! No! No! No!
Jotaro: Here's a question. Will I hit you Nwith my right fist or my left?
Try to guess.
Terrence Darby: P-Please, just hit me quickly with your right.
Jotaro (internal): No! No! No! No! No!
Terrence Darby: Y-Your left?
Jotaro (internal): No! No! No! No! No!
Terrence Darby: I-Is it both?!
Jotaro (internal): Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Jotaro (internal): Yes!
Terrence Darby: Are you going to do the "ora ora" thing?!
Joseph: Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh my God!
narator: D'Arby Younger has retired.
Joseph: Looks like we broke through some sort of wall.
Joseph: We can get out there, Jotaro! Kakyoin!
Jotaro: Good grief.
Vanilla Ice: Forgive me for interrupting your rest.
Vanilla Ice: I believe that you are aware of this,
but about ten minutes ago,
Vanilla Ice: Joestar and his party infiltrated the mansion.
Vanilla Ice: Also, I must report that D'Arby has fallen.
DIO: D'Arby was a genius.
DIO: Why do you think D'Arby lost, 
despite having the ability to win?
DIO: Come in, Cool Ice.
Vanilla Ice: Pardon me.
DIO: The Joestars truly believe, from the bottom 
of their hearts, that they are willing
DIO: to throw away their own lives to save
the one who is Joseph's 
daughter and Jotaro's mother.
DIO: Kakyoin and the other two...
DIO: Hmm...
DIO: Right. Avdol and Polnareff have also decided
they would risk their lives in order to defeat me.
DIO: It appears they think that
running from me means running from life itself.
DIO: How truly foolish.
DIO: But it seems that foolish 
notion is important to them.
DIO: D'Arby had sworn fealty to me,
but it seems he was not ready to die for me.
DIO: That's why he wasn't able to win in the end.
DIO: D'Arby will never know why he lost.
DIO: Ice...
Look at the wound on my neck.
DIO: It's likely that if I drink the 
blood of one more person,
this body of Jonathan Joestar's, 
which has resisted me,
DIO: will fall completely under my control,
and this wound shall be healed.
DIO: Ice...
Will you offer me your blood?
Vanilla Ice: Yes. With pleasure.
Vanilla Ice: Please accept this!
DIO: You removed your own head...
That makes me happy.
DIO: But Cool Ice...
DIO: I cannot accept blood from 
someone of your caliber.
DIO: I shall heal my wound with another's blood.
DIO: There's no need for you to die.
DIO: Return to life with my blood.
DIO: With your resolve,
DIO: I have no doubt that you will triumph.
Vanilla Ice: Lord DIO...
DIO: It truly is best to have your own body.
DIO: It's immediately compatible.
DIO: I will leave them to you, Cool Ice.
Vanilla Ice: Lord DIO...
I will live up to your expectations.
Vanilla Ice: I shall eliminate them all, without fail.
DIO: Open the door if you're going to leave.
After all, your Stand can disappear 
completely from this world.
Avdol: The ten minutes we promised them have passed.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar said to set fire to the place,
Avdol: but let us enter the mansion instead.
Polnareff: Yeah.
Avdol: Polnareff, before we go in,
there's something I'd like to say.
Avdol: Even if you were to get lost or
severely injured within this mansion,
Avdol: I do not plan to help you.
Avdol: The same goes for you, Iggy.
Avdol: It might sound cold,
but we are on this journey to defeat DIO.
Avdol: Promise me that even if I am defeated
or become separated from you, 
you will not stop to help me.
Avdol: You must think of your own safety first.
Avdol: We cannot allow all of us to be defeated 
as we try to save one another.
Polnareff: Yeah, I got it, Avdol.
Polnareff: If we get out of here alive,
you'd better treat me to a fancy dinner.
Avdol: And Iggy, too.
Polnareff: All right, let's go in.
Polnareff: Silver Chariot!
Polnareff: Hey, Avdol. What do we do?
It looks like it goes on forever.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar said to set fire to the mansion,
Avdol: but in a labyrinth like this,
setting a fire would put us in danger.
Avdol: More importantly...
Avdol: Magician's Red!
Avdol: This flame detects lifeforms.
Avdol: It can sense breathing, cutaneous respiration,
and the movements of both humans and animals.
Avdol: It can also sense another Stand's energy.
Avdol: Let us observe it as we navigate this maze.
Polnareff: Why are there six flames linked together?
Avdol: Each one points to the front, back, left, 
right, up, and down, respectively.
Avdol: As long as it's within fifteen meters,
it can tell how big something is 
and which direction it's in.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar and the others 
were dragged underground.
Let's head down.
Avdol: The flame has already picked up something.
There's something to our left.
Polnareff: What?!
Iggy (internal): The Fool!
Polnareff: Hey, hey. Wh-Who the hell is that guy?!
Avdol: Look around us, Polnareff!
Polnareff: Huh?!
The mansion's maze has disappeared!
Avdol: It appears he was the Stand user 
that created that illusion.
Avdol: It was instantaneous, but Iggy defeated him.
narator: His name was Billie Jean, and he 
was retired without even a fight!
Avdol: So the mansion has been 
restored to its normal state.
Avdol: The flames aren't picking
up any signs of life.
Writing: After you see this
writing and turn around,
you will...
die.
Avdol (internal): There is no change in the flames.
Iggy's nose hasn't picked up anything, either.
Avdol (internal): Wh-What is that?!
Avdol (internal): Impossible! Iggy's nose and my 
flames didn't sense him at all!
Avdol (internal): He appeared out of nowhere!
Avdol: Polnareff! Iggy! Look out!
Polnareff: H-Hey, Avdol! Where are you?
Wh-What was that just now?
Polnareff: Wh-What are th-those arms...?
Polnareff: H-Hey, Avdol!
Polnareff: Where'd you go?!
Polnareff: Avdol!
Polnareff: Where are you?!
Polnareff: Avdol!
Polnareff: Avdol!
Polnareff: Wh-What the hell is that?
Where did he come from?
Polnareff: Why didn't Avdol's flames sense him?
Polnareff: Hey, Iggy!
You couldn't smell him with your nose?
Answer me!
Polnareff: Where are you, Avdol?!
Polnareff: Where did you go?!
Cream: Avdol...
Cream: has been disintegrated. He is dead.
Cream: I do not know where the void 
inside my mouth leads,
Cream: but it is a dimension of darkness.
Cream: I sent him there.
You two are next.
Cream: I must correct your arrogant belief 
that you can defeat Lord DIO.
Vanilla Ice: One by one... In order, in order...
Vanilla Ice: I shall scatter you throughout 
my dimension of darkness.
Polnareff: You're lying...
Polnareff: Saying that...
That you killed Avdol...
Polnareff: Don't lie to me!