Steely Dan: You made a nice bridge, Jotaro.
Steely Dan: Hey, Jotaro. My back itches.
Steely Dan: Scratch it!
Steely Dan: A little lower.
Steely Dan: Lower...
Steely Dan: Yeah, that's it.
Don't dig your nails in so much.
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar?
Polnareff: Hey, what's wrong?
Joseph: I-It feels like someone's tickling my back...
Joseph: I can't concentrate on my Stand like this!
both: Mr. Joestar!
Kakyoin: Wh-When did all of these people show up?
Polnareff: Mr. Joestar, keep your voice down!
Polnareff: People are staring!
Everyone will think you're nuts!
Joseph: I-I'm not yelling for the fun of it!
Joseph: Oh, no!
Joseph: Poor man...
person: Let's give him some change.
old: What is this?
Kakyoin: It's not easy having an older relative like that.
person: You said it.
Polnareff: Kakyoin, go buy the TV.
Let's get out of this crowd.
Kakyoin: R-Right.
Kakyoin: Are you the owner?
person: Eh? Yes...
Kakyoin: I'd like that TV.
Steely Dan (internal): I can't believe Kakyoin's
Hierophant and Polnareff's Chariot
Steely Dan (internal): have shrunk themselves
and entered Joestar's body.
Steely Dan (internal): They're trying to fight me?
Steely Dan (internal): I can see it!
Steely Dan (internal): I can see where they'll exit
the artery wall that leads to
the brain stem, and The Lovers.
Kakyoin: Over here!
Kakyoin: We only have minutes left before the flesh bud
eats through Mr. Joestar's brain!
Kakyoin: Hurry, you two!
Polnareff: There we go.
Polnareff: All right!
Kakyoin: Now, Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: Hermit Purple!
Hierophant Green: Th-This is...
Hierophant Green: These tentacles are part the flesh bud!
Silver Chariot: We finally got to the brain stem,
but the flesh bud's already grown so much.
Damn it!
Silver Chariot: It's him!
Hierophant Green: L-Look!
He's using his scissor-like hands to 
knead Mr. Joestar's brain cells
into a gooey mash, so he can 
feed them to the flesh bud!
Hierophant Green: If we can't beat him and sever 
all the flesh bud's roots quickly,
it'll grow big enough to eat through his brain!
Silver Chariot: All right! I'll cut them apart!
Silver Chariot: No, not cut... I'll grate them!
Silver Chariot: Like a daikon radish!
Silver Chariot: You bastard!
Silver Chariot: Now's our chance!
Hierophant Green: We did it!
Silver Chariot: N-No, that wasn't enough!
Silver Chariot: That thing's pretty fast, Kakyoin.
Silver Chariot: But I've already seen through his moves.
Silver Chariot: If that's the best he can move, 
he's no match for...
Hierophant Green: Polnareff!
Who are you talking to?
Silver Chariot: H-Huh?
Hierophant Green: Polnareff, that's not me.
Hierophant Green: And what you cut wasn't the Stand.
Its form is breaking apart.
Hierophant Green: Wh-What?!
Lovers: I'm The Lovers!
Joseph: Polnareff!
Hierophant Green: It was disguised!
It used the brain cells...
Hierophant Green: Mr. Joestar's brain cells!
Hierophant Green: He was using the mash of kneaded brain cells
to disguise himself as my Hierophant Green!
Hierophant Green: And what you defeated was merely 
a dummy made of brain cells!
Lovers: You were completely fooled, you idiots!
Steely Dan: Come on!
Steely Dan: What are you doing?
Steely Dan: Shine those shoes right, Jotaro!
Steely Dan: I'm in such a good mood right now!
Steely Dan: I need you to shine my shoes until
they're as bright as I feel right now.
I want the sunny sky to 
reflect right off of them.
Steely Dan: If you want, you can use
your uniform to shine them.
Steely Dan: Actually, why not lick them clean?
Steely Dan: Hey! You bastard!
Steely Dan: What are you writing?!
sign: Punched in the gut
Hit with a rock
Stole my wallet
Stole my watch
Walked on, like a bridge, over a dirty river
Jotaro: I'm writing down everything you owe me.
sign: Made me scratch his back
Made me shine his shoes
Kicked me
I'm going to make sure you pay it.
Jotaro: I can be forgetful, so I'm writing it all down.
Steely Dan: Jotaro, you bastard...
Steely Dan: Well, whatever. It won't matter in the end.
Silver Chariot: Whoa! Kakyoin, look!
Silver Chariot: Look at that dummy's head!
The one I just cut open!
Joseph: Wh-What in the world...
Joseph: He's splitting into two!
Lovers: Listen up.
In this world, the one
who knows himself best wins!
Lovers: In Aesop's fable,
the tortoise beats the hare,
because the tortoise knew his own
psyche and abilities better than anyone!
Lovers: The same goes for me.
Lovers: I know that I lack the power or speed necessary
to mortally wound either of you.
Everything begins
Lovers: once you've acknowledged your own weaknesses!
Hierophant Green: Emerald Splash!
Silver Chariot: Did it work?
Hierophant Green: M-More dummies made out of brain cells...
Hierophant Green: They're multiplying!
Hierophant Green: B-But a person can only have 
one Stand. Only one is real!
Hierophant Green: Wh-Where's the real one?!
Lovers: Right here!
Hierophant Green: Emerald Splash!
Lovers: So close! I was right next to that one.
Hierophant Green: The more we hit the wrong ones,
the more it multiplies!
Lovers: No, no...
Lovers: It's me...
Lovers: It's me! It's me! It's me! It's me!
Lovers: It's me, after all!
Joseph: Polnareff, that's enough!
Joseph: Withdraw your Stand.
I can't bear to watch you get hurt 
for the sake of my brain.
Polnareff: Damn it!
I can't stand the thought
of leaving things like this.
Joseph: Withdraw your Stand!
You're going to get killed!
Joseph: Not to mention...
Joseph: There's no more time...
Kakyoin: Don't give up until the very end, Mr. Joestar!
Kakyoin: I can't tell!
I can't tell the difference!
Kakyoin: Which one is the real one?
Which one is the Stand?!
Kakyoin: Which one is it?!
Lovers: The weakest of all is also
Lovers: the most, most,
Lovers: most, most, most, most,
Lovers: most, most terrifying of all!
Steely Dan: Say, Jotaro. Take a look at this gold bracelet.
Steely Dan: It would make a girl happy,
Steely Dan: if you were to give her something like this.
Steely Dan: Jotaro,
Steely Dan: see that space in the glass?
Steely Dan: Use your Stand to sneak through and steal it!
Steely Dan: I told you to steal it, you dumbass!
Steely Dan: Hurry it up!
Or...
Steely Dan: I don't mind breaking the glass and taking it myself.
Steely Dan: Are you okay with them catching me 
and beating the shit out of me?
Steely Dan: Joseph would definitely die from the pain.
Steely Dan: Hurry up!
The salesman's looking the other way!
Steely Dan: This guy's shoplifting!
Jotaro: You bastard...
Steely Dan: This guy's shoplifting!
Steely Dan: Hey, salesman!
guy: Sir! Please don't let him get away!
Steely Dan: Sure!
Jotaro: You bastard...
guy: What? A thief?
guy: Who is it?
guy: That guy?
guy: That Asian kid?
guy: Back where I come from,
they chop a thief's fingers off!
Steely Dan: Hey, Jotaro.
You better not use your Stand against civilians.
guy: Bastard!
guy: Take this!
guy: Despicable!
guy: You thief!
guy: Get out of our country, asshole!
guy: We'll let you go at that. 
You can keep your fingers!
Steely Dan: That was great! Well done!
Steely Dan: Because of the commotion you caused,
I was able to get my hands
on something even better!
Steely Dan: Jotaro!
What the hell are you laughing about?
What's so funny?
Jotaro: I'm laughing in anticipation
of the fun that's to come.
Jotaro: I'm laughing because I have much more
to look forward to now, and I'm excited!
Jotaro: I'm so excited for the moment 
when I get to pay you back.
Steely Dan: Why, you...!
Steely Dan: You seem to misunderstand.
Steely Dan: Old Man Joestar will die within seconds.
That's the reality you're facing.
Jotaro: 
ah. You don't know us very well.
Jotaro: You don't know Kakyoin.
Steely Dan: What?!
Kakyoin: "Everything begins once you've 
acknowledged your own weaknesses," eh?
Kakyoin: I see...
I'd have to agree with that.
Kakyoin: To know yourself is an important lesson...
Kakyoin: But you clearly don't know 
your enemies well enough.
Kakyoin: You haven't done your research.
Hierophant Green: Didn't you realize?
My Hierophant...
Hierophant Green: can spread its roots along the ground,
Hierophant Green: so I can inspect every single one of you!
Lovers: Something's suddenly touching me!
Hierophant Green: You're the Stand!
Hierophant Green: Emerald Splash!
both: We did it!
Jotaro: Well, well, well, well...
Jotaro: That injury means that
Kakyoin's on the attack now.
Jotaro: I wonder if I'll still have my chance 
at payback once he's done.
Silver Chariot: He's realized he's out of his league!
He's trying to escape into the artery!
Silver Chariot: He's trying to escape!
Hierophant Green: He's trying to get out of Mr. Joestar's brain!
Hierophant Green: Huh? He's leaving?
Polnareff: All right! That's great!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar, hurry! The flesh bud!
Joseph: Right!
Joseph: Over Drive!
Silver Chariot: The flesh bud is disappearing!
Joseph: I-I'm saved...
Polnareff: Now we can be more 
buddy-buddy with Mr. Joestar.
Joseph: Polnareff, you know...
Joseph: Oh! B-But wait...
Joseph: If it's leaving my brain,
Joseph: that means the Stand...
Polnareff: ...is going back to its user, Steely Dan!
Joseph: That's not good! Jotaro doesn't know that!
Jotaro: What's wrong? Why are you stepping back?
Jotaro: You're not going to tell me about
what's happening to my grandfather?
Jotaro: Hey, hey, hey...
What are you so panicked about?
Jotaro: Where are you trying to go?
Jotaro: You aren't trying to run away, are you?
Jotaro: Not after all this...
Steely Dan: Please forgive me, Jotaro, sir!
Steely Dan: I admit defeat!
I'll change! I'll lie on the ground and lick your boots!
I did an awful thing!
Steely Dan: You can hit me as much as 
you'd like! Hit me! Kick me!
Steely Dan: But please, spare my life!
Steely Dan: Lick, lick, lick, lick,
Steely Dan: lick, lick, lick, lick, lick...
Steely Dan (internal): Soon...
Steely Dan (internal): The Lovers will soon be back!
Steely Dan (internal): This idiot, Jotaro, doesn't have a clue!
Steely Dan (internal): This time I'll invade your brain from your ear!
Steely Dan (internal): Kakyoin's several hundred 
meters away. Just you wait!
Steely Dan (internal): I'll give you pain that will make 
you wish you were dead!
Steely Dan (internal): I-It's here!
Steely Dan (internal): It's here! It's here! It's here! It's here!
Steely Dan (internal): Now! Go in!
Jotaro: I figured you were planning something like this.
Jotaro: Don't you know that my Stand, Star Platinum,
possesses excellent
eyesight and precise reflexes?
Jotaro: Are you sure you did your research on us?
Steely Dan: I-I-I'm not planning anything!
Steely Dan: Your Stand's power...
Jotaro: "Your" Stand? Just "your"?
Steely Dan: N-No! I-I meant your majesty's
Stand is more powerful
and more just than any other!
Steely Dan: I didn't stand a chance, so it came back!
Steely Dan: P-Please look!
That attack broke my arm and my leg!
I can't fight anymore! I can't move!
Jotaro: Well...
Jotaro: As for what you owe me...
I guess I'll take your 
arm and leg as payment.
Jotaro: Do you swear that you'll 
never appear before us again?
Steely Dan: I-I do! I swear!
I'll go to some deserted island!
I'll go to the ends of the Earth 
and never come back!
Jotaro: You're not lying, are you?
The next time I see you,
I'll punch you one thousand times.
Steely Dan: I'm not lying! I'd never lie!
Jotaro: Get out of here.
boy: Let's play soccer over there!
girl: But then I can't play!
Steely Dan: Jotaro!
Steely Dan: You fool!
Steely Dan: Take a look at that girl over there!
Steely Dan: My Stand, The Lovers,
just went into that girl's ear.
Steely Dan: He's heading for her brain.
Steely Dan: Don't you dare move, Jotaro!
Steely Dan: I'm going to stab you in 
the back with this knife!
Steely Dan: I'll make sure you never move again!
Steely Dan: Just try to attack me 
with your Star Platinum!
Steely Dan: That girl will surely die!
Steely Dan: You would never kill such 
a young child, would you?
Jotaro: Good grief. Fine, try it.
Steely Dan: Hey! Don't you understand?!
I told you not to—
—move? Move...
Steely Dan: Huh? Huh?!
Jotaro: What's the matter?
Weren't you going to stab me?
Jotaro: Like this?
Steely Dan: M-My body won't move! Why?!
Lovers: Wh-What's this thing wrapped around me?!
Jotaro: So you didn't notice?
Kakyoin tied Hierophant's tentacle
to your Stand's leg as it escaped.
Jotaro: You must be totally oblivious 
if you didn't realize that
you left a trail all the way to here.
Steely Dan: Please forgive me!
Jotaro: Ask for forgiveness from Enyaba,
the woman you killed.
Jotaro: We never had any intention of 
forgiving you in the first place.
Steely Dan: D-DIO paid me in advance... 
I-I'll give you that.
Jotaro: Good grief.
You truly are the lowest scum in history.
Jotaro: You can't pay back what you owe
Jotaro: with money.
Jotaro: Here's your receipt.