Polnareff (internal): What the hell is that?
Polnareff: Why didn't Avdol's flames sense him?
Polnareff: Where are you, Avdol?!
Cream: Avdol...
Cream: has been disintegrated. He is dead.
Cream: You two are next.
Cream: I must correct your arrogant belief 
that you can defeat Lord DIO.
Cream: One by one... In order...
Cream: I shall scatter you throughout 
my dimension of darkness.
Polnareff: You're lying...
Polnareff: Saying that
Polnareff: you killed Avdol...
Polnareff: Don't lie to me!
Cream: Wh-What?
Cream: I hadn't heard
Cream: that Polnareff's Stand was so fast,
or could attack at this distance.
Silver Chariot: Look over here, damn it! You piece of shit!
Joseph: What was that?
Just when I thought the illusion had gone away,
I heard the sound of a wall 
breaking somewhere in the mansion.
Kakyoin: Could it be Avdol and Polnareff?
Polnareff: Damn it! I know I hit him, b-but he's not dead...
Polnareff: They suddenly shrank and 
disappeared into their dimension.
Polnareff: The user and the Stand both...
Polnareff (internal): Avdol... God damn it.
Polnareff (internal): You're... You're the one who said...
Avdol: Polnareff! Iggy! Look out!
Polnareff (internal): You said if something happened, 
we had to think of ourselves first.
Polnareff (internal): You said you wouldn't save me.
You liar!
Polnareff (internal): Ever since India, all you've done is 
meddle in other people's problems!
Polnareff: Avdol! You should have just left me alone!
Polnareff (internal): If I hadn't crouched down just then,
I would have been killed.
Polnareff (internal): Is fate telling me to live on?
Polnareff (internal): Is Avdol's will telling me to fight?
Polnareff: It's too dangerous to stay in this room.
Let's move, Iggy!
Polnareff: Up there, Iggy!
Polnareff: Go upstairs! Up those stairs!
Polnareff: That's the exit! That's the door we came in.
Polnareff: But we can't go out that way.
Polnareff: Avdol sacrificed himself to save us.
Polnareff: Because he believed that we could defeat DIO.
Polnareff: I can't betray the trust of someone like that!
Polnareff: Running away now is what a loser would do.
Polnareff: I'm not running away.
Polnareff: I'm running to get to that bastard, DIO!
Polnareff: Let's run straight to him!
Cream: And I thought they'd go for the exit. So close...
Vanilla Ice: I'm impressed that he managed to injure me.
Vanilla Ice: It is indeed true that Polnareff
has a mindset that allows him
to conquer fear and face danger.
Vanilla Ice: Without a doubt, I will corner
and kill him. Without a doubt...
Vanilla Ice: My Stand is far stronger than he is.
Polnareff (internal): The inside of his Stand's mouth 
is a dimension of darkness?!
Polnareff (internal): I can't even imagine what that dimension is like,
Polnareff (internal): but it lets him get close without any
sounds, smells, or other signs of life.
Polnareff (internal): But how...
Polnareff (internal): How am I supposed to beat that guy?
Polnareff: H-He cut us off!
Polnareff: He's nearby.
Polnareff: He's here!
Polnareff: Iggy, watch my back!
Polnareff: I'll watch yours.
Polnareff (internal): He can't come through without 
breaking a hole in the wall.
Polnareff (internal): What I do know is that
the moment he shows himself 
from that dimension of darkness
is when we'll have our chance to kill him.
Polnareff: Come at me, damn it! I'll cut you in half!
Polnareff: Right now, my Chariot is incredibly fast.
Polnareff: Because of how angry I am at losing Avdol!
Polnareff: What?! H-He's in the crack under my foot?!
Polnareff: Chario—
Polnareff: My foot!
Cream: First, I've taken your foot,
Cream: so you won't be able to run around or escape!
Polnareff: Bastard!
Cream: Whoa, there.
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar! The sound of another wall breaking!
Joseph: Yeah, there's no doubt about it.
Joseph: Avdol and the others are in this 
mansion, and they're fighting.
Joseph: Hurry! We have to find them!
Vanilla Ice: You managed to hide during 
the confusion, Polnareff.
Vanilla Ice: But it's no use.
With that foot, you can't go far.
Vanilla Ice: You're probably under some rubble nearby.
Vanilla Ice: You are powerless before me.
Without a doubt, I will defeat you.
Vanilla Ice: Now, where are you, Polnareff?
DIO: What's all this noise, Cool Ice?
Vanilla Ice: L-Lord DIO!
Vanilla Ice: Please be careful!
Polnareff and that dog are hiding nearby.
Vanilla Ice: Please leave this to me.
You need not personally trouble 
yourself with this, Lord DIO.
Polnareff (internal): The fake DIO we made using The Fool tricked him.
Polnareff (internal): Usually, I'd feel guilty about attacking 
someone from behind like a coward,
Polnareff (internal): but since that's how you killed Avdol,
I don't feel even a shred of pity!
Polnareff (internal): It's exactly how you deserve to die!
Polnareff (internal): Do it, Iggy!
Polnareff (internal): Do it, Iggy!
Polnareff (internal): Break through his scapula,
and split him open to the hip,
like a mackerel!
Polnareff: No! Damn it!
He figured it out!
Vanilla Ice: Sunlight streams through this room's windows.
Vanilla Ice: The real Lord DIO would never
Vanilla Ice: leave his room to enter this place.
Polnareff: Iggy!
Vanilla Ice: The real Lord DIO told me he trusts me,
and that he would leave this to me!
Vanilla Ice: So, no matter what happens, he would 
never descend to this second floor!
Polnareff (internal): Shit! He's going to kill Iggy!
Iggy will be swallowed up by 
that dimension of darkness!
Vanilla Ice: You shitty little mutt! How dare you?!
You made me destroy an image of Lord DIO!
Polnareff (internal): Wh-What the hell? He punched him!
Polnareff (internal): He didn't use his dimension of darkness!
Polnareff (internal): He punched Iggy across 
the room without killing him!
Vanilla Ice: Of all things...
Vanilla Ice: Even if it was a fake Lord DIO made of sand,
Vanilla Ice: how dare you make me strike him?!
Vanilla Ice: I'll kick you to death, you bastard!
Vanilla Ice: It takes but an instant to be swallowed 
by my dimension of darkness!
Vanilla Ice: That is not enough time for my anger to wane!
Vanilla Ice: This is all your fault! You!
Vanilla Ice: You're the one who has angered me!
This is all your fault!
Vanilla Ice: Learn your lesson!
Vanilla Ice: How's that?! Learn your lesson! 
How's that? How's that?!
Polnareff: S-Stop...
Polnareff (internal): Cool Ice isn't right in the head.
Polnareff (internal): This is overkill.
Polnareff (internal): He's mad that he had to attack DIO's image?
Polnareff (internal): His mind itself is the dimension of darkness!
Polnareff (internal): His mind is the black abyss 
that rips everything apart!
Vanilla Ice: Lord DIO said
Vanilla Ice: that we cannot underestimate
the power of human resolve.
Vanilla Ice: But you're no more than a filthy dog!
Vanilla Ice: You don't have resolve,
or a proud soul, or anything like it!
Polnareff: Stop...
Vanilla Ice: How's that? And that?
Polnareff: Stop...
Vanilla Ice: How's that? And that?!
Polnareff: Stop it, Cool Ice!
Vanilla Ice: I will end this, Polnareff!
Polnareff: Damn it!
Polnareff: He disappeared!
Polnareff: But...
Polnareff: Iggy!
Polnareff: Our fake DIO made of your sand Stand failed,
Polnareff: but your sand gave me a hint.
Polnareff: I've figured out a way to read his movements!
Polnareff (internal): I can see him.
I can see the route he's taking!
Polnareff (internal): Serves you right! I've got you!
Polnareff (internal): You bastard!
Polnareff (internal): When you use your dimension to move,
you have to swallow up whatever's in your path.
Polnareff (internal): So swallow this! Swallow the sand 
and head this way, you shithead!
Polnareff (internal): And when your rotten, stinking 
mouth appears, that's when
Silver Chariot (internal): you're going to crumble!
Silver Chariot: I hit him head-on! Hell yeah!
Polnareff: Your other weakness, Cool Ice,
Polnareff: appears when you try to confirm my location.
Polnareff: You've got to poke your head out 
of your dimension of darkness,
or you can't see what's outside!
Polnareff: Suck on that!
Suck on my sword until you die,
you piece of shit!
Polnareff: Y-You bastard...
I pierced your brain stem 
through your throat, damn it!
Polnareff: Hurry up and die! You're mortally wounded!
Polnareff: Just hurry up and die!
Silver Chariot: Die, Cool Ice!
Vanilla Ice: I will not die.
I do not have time to suffer pain.
Vanilla Ice: Whatever it takes, I will kill you!
Vanilla Ice: Whatever it takes, I will swallow up Iggy 
and kill Joestar and the others!
Vanilla Ice: I can die after that!
Silver Chariot: You bastard!
Vanilla Ice: A wise move. You've pulled your sword free.
Silver Chariot: This time, I will send you to hell!
Vanilla Ice: Is this the vile arm that stabbed me?
Polnareff: You bastard...
Silver Chariot: Damn it! I had no choice 
but to shove him away!
Silver Chariot: Shit!
Polnareff: Oh, no, you don't!
Silver Chariot: I cut it! B-But this isn't good...
Polnareff (internal): Damn it! He got my leg. I can't move.
Polnareff (internal): But I don't have time to 
think about pain, either.
Polnareff (internal): And I was so close to finishing him, too!
Polnareff (internal): This guy is just...
Polnareff (internal): He's obsessive!
Polnareff (internal): He's crazy, but he's completely 
obsessive about serving DIO!
Polnareff (internal): I can't let that overwhelm me!
Polnareff (internal): I can't die until I kill you, either!
Silver Chariot: That bastard! Here he comes!
Silver Chariot: Take this!
Polnareff: I-It's no use. I cut him, but he 
swallowed the tip of my sword!
Polnareff: It's impossible to attack him when 
he's in his dimension of darkness.
Polnareff: I'm just going to get being swallowed up.
Silver Chariot: He's swallowing up everything 
in his path. God damn it!
Polnareff: Bastard... Since he knows I could attack him,
he's decided to just guess where I might be 
and strike anywhere and everywhere!
Polnareff: He's got good instincts.
At this rate, he'll hit me for sure.
I have to pull back Chariot.
Polnareff: D-Damn it... Iggy's losing blood like crazy.
Polnareff: A bunch of broken bones are piercing his lungs...
Polnareff: Talk about reckless... The walls are disappearing.
Polnareff: N-No... I had the wrong idea!
Polnareff: This isn't instinct. His moves are calculated!
Polnareff: He's moving around in circles,
Polnareff: and the circles keep getting smaller.
Polnareff: He's on a path like a cyclone...
Polnareff: No, like a mosquito repellent 
coil, closing in on me!
Polnareff: Even if he doesn't show up
to see where I am, he'll hit me eventually!
Polnareff: I'm caught in his trap.
Polnareff: A-Am I going to be able to dodge him with this leg?
Polnareff: I-I've got to dig through the floor and get away.
Polnareff: It's no use. I don't have enough time!
Polnareff: He's coming at me!
Polnareff: I somehow managed to dodge...
Polnareff: But he's going to keep closing in,
like a needle on a record.
In about five more rounds, he'll be here!
Polnareff (internal): Now, here's the question...
Polnareff (internal): How am I going to dodge when 
I have this hole in my leg?
Dialogue: Pick one of the three following choices. 
Answer #1 The handsome Polnareff
suddenly thinks of a counterattack.
Answer #2  His friends will come save him.
Answer #3 He won't be able to dodge.
Reality is cruel.
Polnareff (internal): I'd like to choose answer #2,
but I can't count on it.
Polnareff (internal): There's no way Mr. Joestar and the others,
who entered the mansion ten minutes earlier,
Polnareff (internal): would show up in the next couple of seconds
Polnareff (internal): like American comic book heroes—ta-da!—
Polnareff (internal): and save me at the last minute.
Polnareff (internal): For all I know, Mr. Joestar and the others
are struggling in their battle, too.
Polnareff: Looks like answer #1 is the only option.
Polnareff: Chariot! Pull me out of the 
circle as hard as you can!
Polnareff: Damn it! Pull me faster!
Polnareff: I-It's no use!
narator: Despair! The answer he's been left with is #3.
Polnareff (internal): Reality is cruel.
Polnareff: My Silver Chariot is a Stand 
that cuts things with a sword.
Polnareff: Now that I'm so badly injured,
it doesn't have the power to pull my weight.
Polnareff: Damn it...
Polnareff: You wreck! Keep still, you idiot!
Polnareff: If you move or use any more 
of your Stand's power,
your broken bones will pierce further 
into your lungs, and you'll die!
Polnareff: What are you trying to act 
all tough for, you idiot?!
Polnareff: Are you trying to save me 
so you can die along with me?
Polnareff: I'm the one who's going to look cool saving you!
Polnareff: You have to survive and warn Mr. Joestar 
and the others about this bastard.
Polnareff: The important thing is to defeat him!
Polnareff: Avdol saved me, but you 
don't need to save me, too!
Polnareff: If we all die, it's over!
Polnareff: One more time around, 
and he'll come right to me.
Polnareff: The answer is #3.
Reality does not forgive.
Polnareff: Looks like his obsession... wins.
Polnareff: So long, Iggy.