Hol Horse: He's got such a strong face, 
and yet he died in an instant.
Hol Horse: Well, the end of someone's life is 
usually a pretty sudden curtain call.
Hol Horse: It's probably normal to die without 
being able to say goodbye.
Hol Horse: It may seem like I'm talking as 
though I know everything, but...
Kakyoin: Polnareff! Please, don't let him get to you!
Kakyoin: Do you still not understand?
Kakyoin: Mr. Avdol told you not to fight by yourself!
Kakyoin: And you ignored that...
Kakyoin: You wanted to get revenge,
even if it meant dying with your enemy.
Kakyoin: Mr. Avdol followed you because that 
worried him, and this is what happened!
Polnareff: So what am I supposed to do?
Kakyoin: We need to fall back for now.
Polnareff: Avdol was cruelly stabbed in the back.
Polnareff: My sister was killed without resistance.
Polnareff: You want me to hold these 
regrets inside and run away?!
Kakyoin: Don't fight them when we don't
even know how their Stands work yet!
Kakyoin: Don't fight a battle that will kill you!
Kakyoin: That's what Mr. Avdol was trying to tell you.
Hol Horse: Hey! Come on, li'l Pol Pol.
Polnareff: Why, you...
Kakyoin: Polnareff! Slowly come back towards me.
Kakyoin: We're going to use that 
truck to get out of here.
Polnareff: Y-You're telling me to hold it in?
Polnareff: A-All ri—
J. Geil: Hey, Polnareff.
Hanged Man: Avdol died for you.
Hanged Man: I think that means you owe him.
Hanged Man: He might not have died, if not for you.
Polnareff: Y-You bastard.
Polnareff: Where's your real body?!
Kakyoin: Polnareff, calm down!
Hanged Man: But there's no need to be sad. 
Actually, you should be happy...
Hanged Man: Since you'll be together again soon.
Hanged Man: You'll die, and then you can be with 
those two fools in the next world.
Hanged Man: Your little sister was really cute, Polnareff...
Hanged Man: Once you're reunited with your 
sister, you should ask her
Hanged Man: about exactly how I killed her!
Kakyoin: Polnareff, don't let him provoke you!
Kakyoin: He wants you to attack!
Polnareff: Bastard!
Hanged Man: Your Chariot cannot cut my Hanged Man.
Hanged Man: I am within a mirror.
Hanged Man: Your Stand can't enter a mirror. That's why!
Hanged Man: You mad?
Hanged Man: I bet you're mad.
Hanged Man: Hey, Hol Horse. Fire away. 
Let's put an end to this idiot.
Hol Horse: Aye aye, sir.
Hanged Man: Die!
Kakyoin: Emerald Splash!
Hol Horse: What?!
Hol Horse: What? He shot...
Hanged Man: ...Polnareff!
Hol Horse: Kakyoin, was it? Not bad.
Hol Horse: That's out of my Stand's range.
Hol Horse: Even if I hit him from here,
Hol Horse: the bullet wouldn't hit with much force.
Hol Horse: Mr. J. Geil went after them, eh?
Hol Horse: He must really want to finish off Polnareff.
Polnareff: S-Sorry, Kakyoin.
Polnareff: I-I...
Polnareff: I thought I didn't care if I died, 
so long as I could avenge my sister.
Polnareff: But I understand now...
Polnareff: I understand how Avdol felt.
Polnareff: I won't let his feelings go to waste.
Polnareff: I'll fight to keep living.
Kakyoin: Do you really understand?
Polnareff: Yeah.
Kakyoin: Take this instead of a handshake as
proof that we've made up, Polnareff.
Polnareff: Right. Th-Thank you, Kakyoin.
Kakyoin: When they come after us again, 
we'll defeat them together.
Joseph: Avdol, you...
Polnareff: At that moment, I'm sure that 
I stabbed him with the sword.
Polnareff: But my strike didn't land.
Polnareff: There was no resistance.
Polnareff: Even after breaking the mirror,
his Stand, Hanged Man, 
still attacked from the shards.
Polnareff: He'll attack my reflection
from within the mirror.
Polnareff: My Stand can't go inside a mirror...
Polnareff: How am I supposed to attack him 
if he's in some kind of mirror world?
Polnareff: Damn it!
Kakyoin: Polnareff, you keep talking about
"inside the mirror" and "the mirror world,"
Kakyoin: but there is no world inside a mirror.
Kakyoin: This isn't some fantasy or fairy tale.
Polnareff: What are you talking about? 
You saw it, too, didn't you?!
Polnareff: You can only see him in a mirror,
and when you turn around, he's not there.
Kakyoin: Yes.
Kakyoin: But what you see in a mirror
is just a reflection created by light.
Polnareff: You don't have to tell me that!
Polnareff: Listen! I'm talking about 
what's going on right now.
Polnareff: If there are such things as Stands,
there could be a mirror world, too!
Kakyoin: There isn't.
Polnareff: Look, you...
Kakyoin: I think that fact is what will let us
solve the mystery of Hanged Man.
Kakyoin: If Stands can defeat other Stands,
Kakyoin: then there's still something 
we don't know about his—
Kakyoin: Polnareff! He's inside the 
plating on the steering wheel!
Polnareff: What?!
Kakyoin: He's caught up to us!
Polnareff: Look out!
Polnareff: A-Are you okay, Kakyoin?
Kakyoin: I-I hit my chest, but I'm fine.
Polnareff: What?
Polnareff: Chariot!
Polnareff: Kakyoin! Get away from
anything that's reflective!
Polnareff: Damn it... I got it. I just saw it.
Polnareff: He's going from mirror to mirror!
Polnareff: He moves by jumping from one 
reflective surface to another!
He traveled all this way
Polnareff: by reflecting over and over!
Kakyoin: Reflecting?
Kakyoin: That means he's actually light!
Kakyoin: The true nature of his Stand is light?
Polnareff: Kakyoin! He was just in the car's bumper!
Polnareff: He's going to reflect off of the 
car's bumper and into something else.
Polnareff: Don't go near anything that's reflective.
Polnareff: And take anything off
your body that reflects!
Polnareff: Take off the buttons on your uniform!
kid: Mister, are you guys okay?
kid: Want me to bring some medicine or something?
Polnareff: Hey! Kid! It's dangerous, so get out of here!
kid: Hey, your car's totally messed up...
kid: Hey, you're bleeding.
Polnareff: What?!
kid: Are you okay?
Polnareff: Th-That asshole!
Kakyoin: He's in the kid's eye!
Polnareff: Hey, kid. Don't look at us.
kid: Huh?
Polnareff: I told you not to look at us!
Polnareff: Stop following me with your eyes! Damn it!
kid: Huh? But you're hurt.
Polnareff: I'm fine! See? Perfectly fine!
Polnareff: So go look over there!
kid: But you're bleeding...
Polnareff: Look over there, you brat!
Polnareff: Damn you, J. Geil!
Hanged Man: What are you going to do?
Hanged Man: You wouldn't stab this cute little kid's eye out
with that sword of yours, 
would you, Polnareff?
Kakyoin: Polnareff!
Hanged Man: I finally got you.
Hanged Man: You can't run anymore.
Not unless you stab the kid's eye out.
Kakyoin: What a coward! This is unforgivable!
Polnareff: Hey, Kakyoin.
You don't say things like
that in this kind of situation.
Polnareff: Listen! In situations like this,
you've got to say something more
like this before you get your revenge.
Polnareff: My name is Jean Pierre Polnareff.
Polnareff: For my sister's honor, and so that
my friend Avdol can rest in peace...
Polnareff: I'm going to hurl you
Polnareff: into the depths of despair, J. Geil!
Polnareff: Forgive me, kid! I'll buy you a caramel later!
kid: There's sand in my eye!
Polnareff: P-Polnareff, he's in your eye...
Polnareff: I don't really understand the principle,
but he essentially moves at the speed of light.
Polnareff: A speed that you wouldn't 
normally be able to see.
Polnareff: But I knew that if the kid closed his eyes,
the next place he'd move 
to would be my own eye.
Kakyoin: I see...
narator: Hanged Man can only exist
within the world of reflections.
narator: When one world is about to be destroyed,
he has to move to something 
else that's reflective.
Polnareff: So...
Polnareff: As long as I can read his trajectory, 
he'll be easy to cut with a sword.
Polnareff: His real body is over there!
Polnareff: You bastard. Finally...
Polnareff: Finally!
Polnareff: We finally meet...
Polnareff: J. Geil!
Polnareff: My name is Jean Pierre Polnareff,
and I've seen through your Stand's secret.
Polnareff: It's a Stand of light that 
moves at incredible speed.
Polnareff: There's no way I can catch it.
Polnareff: But if I know where it's going to go,
Polnareff: and I slash its trajectory in that moment,
Polnareff: I can slash you, too!
Polnareff: If Kakyoin and Avdol hadn't shown up,
Polnareff: I probably wouldn't have figured that 
out  and you would have killed me.
Kakyoin: Polnareff! He's not the 
man with two right hands!
Kakyoin: That's not J. Geil!
Polnareff: Wh-What?!
Kakyoin: Polnareff!
Kakyoin: Polnareff!
J. Geil: Over here.
J. Geil: You fool!
J. Geil: I'm J. Geil.
Polnareff: You...
J. Geil: He's just a drifter that 
happened to be in town.
J. Geil: I just used a knife to give him 
the same wound I have.
J. Geil: You totally fell for it!
J. Geil: Coming close to him
without knowing what I 
looked like was a big mistake!
Kakyoin: You bastard!
Kakyoin: Take this! My Emerald—
J. Geil: Hey, hold on a sec.
J. Geil: Take a good look around you.
J. Geil: Hey, gather 'round!
J. Geil: These guys say they'll give you money!
Kakyoin: What?!
man 1: They'll give us money for nothing!
man 2: Thank you!
man 3: You have such big hearts!
man 4: Thank you! Thank you!
people: Thank you!
people: Please give us money!
J. Geil: Have you figured out what's going on?
Hanged Man: You say you've seen through my Stand?
Hanged Man: You fool.
I've known about my Stand's
weakness for quite some time.
Hanged Man: If there are lots of reflective surfaces 
so you can't find its trajectory,
Hanged Man: it has no weakness!
Polnareff: Don't look! Don't stare!
Don't stare at us!
Hanged Man: You can't run anymore.
Hanged Man: What are you going to do? Blow everyone up?
Hanged Man: You sacrificed your youth to hunt me down...
Hanged Man: And you're going to fail before you finish?! 
Talk about a lonely, boring life.
Hanged Man: Meanwhile I, J. Geil, 
will continue to have cute girls
like your sister all around me, 
and live a fun, happy life!
J. Geil: Come to think of it, your sister
J. Geil: was really good at sobbing...
J. Geil: You can die now.
Polnareff: Wh-Why, you...
Kakyoin: Polnareff, that's not what you say here.
Kakyoin: When taking revenge,
you shouldn't say, "Why, you..."
Kakyoin: You say this.
Kakyoin: My name is Noriaki Kakyoin.
Kakyoin: To avenge my friend, Avdol,
Kakyoin: and so that the soul of my friend 
Polnareff's sister may rest in peace,
Kakyoin: I will have you pay with your life.
Kakyoin: I'll give this gold coin to whoever picks it up.
Kakyoin: It's so shiny, you can see your face in it!
Polnareff: Now I see, Kakyoin.
Kakyoin: Looks like all of their eyes 
are focused on one point now.
Yeah.
We know the trajectory that
Hanged Man will have to take!
Polnareff: Merci, Kakyoin!
Polnareff: The moment!
Kakyoin: Hold it!
J. Geil: It won't open!
Polnareff: Looks like you're the one who's 
really good at sobbing, J. Geil!
Polnareff: Well, you're about to fall to Hell, 
sobbing the whole way down.
Polnareff: But there's one thing I can't rely on 
the guardians of Hell to do for me.
Polnareff: And that's...
Polnareff: To turn you into a pincushion!
Polnareff: I've been waiting years for this moment!
Polnareff: I'll leave the rest to King Yama.
Kakyoin: So this is the true Hanged Man...
Kakyoin: He was rotten to the core.
Polnareff: I got my revenge.
Hol Horse: Hold it!
Hol Horse: I finally caught up with you guys.
Hol Horse: Why are you walking so slow?
Hol Horse: If you're gonna run, 
run like your lives depend on it.
Hol Horse: Right, Mr. J. Geil?
Hol Horse: Better say your prayers. Your lives end here!
Hol Horse: So act like this is the end and come at us!
Hol Horse: Show us what you've got, damn it!
Hol Horse: Right, Mr. J. Geil?
Hol Horse: Hey, are you listening, Mr. J. Geil?!
Polnareff: I don't think he's listening anymore.
Polnareff: He's rather busy right now...
Polnareff: Since he's being sentenced in Hell!
Hol Horse: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hol Horse: Don't try to pull that nonsense! 
Bluffing won't work on me!
Hol Horse: There's no way you can beat him!
Hol Horse: Even I don't stand a chance
against the invincible Hanged Man!
Hol Horse: Polnareff, your jokes suck.
Polnareff: That piece of shit's body is about
two or three thousand meters that way.
Polnareff: Want to take a look?
Hol Horse: Okay, I will!
Polnareff: Hey! You're running away?!
Hol Horse (internal): I-I don't stand a chance!
I'm at a total disadvantage by myself!
Hol Horse (internal): I'll run for now and wait 
for the next opportunity!
Hol Horse (internal): I'm the type whose power only shows 
when I'm paired with someone else.
Hol Horse (internal): Being #2 is better than #1!
Hol Horse (internal): That's Hol Horse's philosophy of life!
Hol Horse (internal): Got a problem with it?!
Hol Horse: What?!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar! Jotaro!
Joseph: We already know about Avdol.
Joseph: Though it was a simple funeral, 
his body's been buried.
Kakyoin: The one who stabbed Mr. Avdol in the 
back was the man with two right hands,
Kakyoin: but the cause of death was Hol Horse's bullet.
Kakyoin: What shall we do with him?
Polnareff: I'll give him his sentence.
Polnareff: Death!
Polnareff: Wha?!
Nena: Please run, Sir Hol Horse!
Nena: Sir Hol Horse!
Polnareff: What's with this woman?!
Nena: I don't know what's going on,
Nena: but I'm always thinking of you!
Nena: That is my reason to live!
Nena: Please run! Hurry!
Polnareff: You bitch! Let go of me!
Polnareff: What are you thinking?!
Polnareff: Jotaro! Kakyoin! Don't let Hol Horse get away!
Jotaro: Too late.
Polnareff: Huh? Oh...
Hol Horse: Well said, baby!
Hol Horse: I'll gladly accept your 
feelings and keep on living!
Hol Horse: I'm running away because I love you, baby!
Hol Horse: Forever!
Polnareff: Why, you...
Polnareff: Come back here!
Nena: Ah...
Polnareff: Don't "ah" me, you bitch!
Joseph: Polnareff, that woman was 
just another one he was using.
Joseph: And he no longer had any intention of fighting.
Joseph: We have no time to deal with him.
Joseph: Avdol is gone.
Joseph: But we have to hurry ahead.
Joseph: It's already been fifteen 
days since we left Japan.
Polnareff: Damn it...
Polnareff: Well, I guess it can't be helped.
Polnareff: All right! Let's resume our trip to Egypt.
Polnareff: Listen up! In order to defeat DIO, 
our hearts have to be as one.
Polnareff: We can't go off on our own!
Polnareff: That's when he'll come after us.
Polnareff: Got it?
Polnareff: Let's get a move on!
Jotaro: Good grief.