Polnareff: Th-This isn't good!
Joseph: Don't lose your cool.
Joseph: It's times like these when
men need to be prepared.
Joseph: It's hard to get this stuff on 
without my artificial hand.
Joseph: Who here has scuba dived before?
Polnareff: Not me.
Jotaro: No.
Kakyoin: I haven't.
Avdol: The High Priestess is still 
attacking from the next room!
Avdol: Quickly, teach us how to dive!
Joseph: Don't panic, Avdol.
Joseph: Above all, never panic.
Joseph: That's the most important thing in scuba diving.
Joseph: When you're underwater,
for every ten meters you go below the surface,
the pressure increases by one atmosphere.
Joseph: At the surface, there's one atmosphere of pressure.
Joseph: We're forty meters below the surface right now,
so we'll endure five atmospheres of pressure.
Joseph: If we try to surface immediately,
our lungs and blood vessels will burst.
Joseph: We have to go up slowly,
so our bodies can adjust.
Joseph: We're near the Egyptian coast,
so we'll go up along the sea floor.
Joseph: Now...
Joseph: I'm going to let water in.
Joseph: This is a regulator. There's a valve inside
Joseph: that only lets in air from
the tank when you breathe in.
Joseph: When you exhale, your breath
comes out the left side.
Polnareff: What about your spit?
Polnareff: What happens if spit or phlegm 
comes out while you're underwater?
Joseph: That stuff just comes out here.
Joseph: By the way, this should be obvious,
but we can't talk underwater.
Joseph: We'll use hand signals instead.
Joseph: Let's keep things simple and use two.
Joseph: When everything is fine,
we'll use this to say "okay."
Joseph: When things aren't good, use this.
Avdol: Mr. Joestar, given who we are,
couldn't we use our Stands to talk?
Joseph: That's a good point.
Polnareff: Aww, but I know a hand signal message, too.
Kakyoin: "Your underwear is showing."
Polnareff: Yeah!
Joseph: We're under attack and could die anytime!
Stop fooling around and let's go!
Joseph: This room will soon fill with water.
Put on your goggles and regulator.
Joseph: P-Polnareff!
avdol: Wh-When did...
Kakyoin: I-It had already transformed into a regulator!
Jotaro: Th-That bastard...
Jotaro: It's going to go in through 
his mouth and tear him apart!
Jotaro: This is bad!
You've got to drain the room.
avdol: It's too late for that!
She must have been waiting for this moment!
Jotaro: C-Crap!
Avdol: It's inside Polnareff now!
I-It's going to tear him apart!
Avdol: Wh-What should we do?
Kakyoin: Hierophant Green!
Joseph: Hermit Purple!
Polnareff: H-Hey...
Joseph: I got it before it went down his throat, Kakyoin!
Kakyoin: Me, too!
Let's force it out before it transforms!
Kakyoin: We did it!
Jotaro: All right, keep hold of it.
Avdol: Look! It's transforming into something else.
Joseph: A speargun! It turned into a speargun!
Hierophant Green: Emerald Splash!
Polnareff: Silver Chariot!
Polnareff: Now!
Kakyoin: It's reloading!
Avdol: This isn't good!
Kakyoin: H-Hurry!
Jotaro: Hurry up, old man!
Joseph: I know, I know!
Kakyoin: Th-That was close...
Joseph: It's too soon to relax.
Joseph: The bastard knows exactly 
how to hit us where it hurts.
Avdol: Polnareff, are you all right?
Polnareff: I-I'm fine...
Polnareff: You guys saved me.
Polnareff: Merci beaucoup.
Polnareff: The sea floor is so beautiful.
Polnareff: I wish I could have come here on vacation.
Joseph: This is no time to take it easy.
Joseph: We must surface before our oxygen runs out.
Kakyoin: Will it come after us?
Avdol: I can't see that happening.
The High Priestess can transform 
into metals and glass,
Avdol: but she can't become fish, water, or sea foam.
Joseph: Just watch your back while you swim.
If she pursues us,
she'll probably transform into 
a screw on our gear to do it.
Joseph: Be careful of moving pebbles and stones, too.
Avdol: Look, it's a sea tunnel.
Joseph: Our depth is seven meters.
Avdol: We're finally at the Egyptian shore!
Avdol: Swim along these rocks to the surface.
Jotaro: What?!
Polnareff: Th-This is...
Avdol: The S-Stand... It was disguised as the sea bed!
It's so big...
Joseph: W-We're being sucked into its mouth!
Kakyoin: I-Impossible!
Avdol: How is it so gigantic?!
Polnareff: What's with its size?!
What's this Stand's power?!
Polnareff: It was so small earlier!
Midler: You boys are so slow.
Didn't you realize that
if the rocks are mineral,
Midler: that means the sea bed is 
mostly mineral, too?
Kakyoin: The Stand's power has increased
because its user is nearby!
Kakyoin: She must be very close!
Midler: Precisely!
I'm seven meters above, on the shore.
Midler: But the High Priestess will grind you all to bits,
Midler: so you'll never see my face.
Kakyoin: I-I wonder exactly where in the Stand we are.
Joseph: We're still inside its mouth.
Joseph: We weren't sucked down its throat.
Midler: Hey, Jotaro!
Midler: Jotaro, you're my type,
so this will be hard for me.
Midler: It's too bad I have to make my Stand,
the High Priestess, digest you.
Midler: If only we had met under 
other circumstances. How sad.
Midler: But if I kill you, Lord DIO will praise me.
Midler: Don't hate me!
Jotaro: Good grief. Do I have to say that?
Polnareff: Say it! Come on, just hurry up and say it!
Avdol: Say what?
Kakyoin: I see...
Jotaro: Midler,
I'd like to see your face once.
You might be my type.
Jotaro: I might fall for you.
Polnareff: I-I think she's probably gorgeous!
I can tell from her voice.
Avdol: Indeed. I get the impression 
of an elegant woman.
It's my fortune teller's instinct.
Kakyoin: Doesn't she sound like 
the actress, Audrey Hepburn?
Joseph: If only I were thirty years younger.
Midler: You bastards! You don't mean any of that!
Midler: I'll kill you!
Joseph: Holy shit!
Kakyoin: Everyone, look!
Joseph: Wh-What is that?
Kakyoin: I-It's a tongue!
It's the Stand's tongue! 
Look out! Be careful!
Midler: Jotaro!
Joseph: Jotaro!
Avdol: Where's Jotaro going to land?
Joseph: Its teeth! The molars!
Polnareff: Jotaro! Dodge!
Kakyoin: You'll be crushed!
Midler: You want to pit your strength against mine?
Jotaro: S-So strong...
Midler: Jotaro! These teeth are as hard as diamonds!
You'll never break them!
Midler: I'll kill you first!
Joseph: Save Jotaro!
Midler: Don't get in my way!
Polnareff: It's the tongue again!
Avdol: Magician's Red!
Joseph: Th-This isn't good!
Joseph: Pull him out!
all: Jotaro!
all: Jotaro!
Polnareff: J-Jotaro was crushed by the teeth...
Joseph: J-Jotaro...
Avdol: We didn't make it in time?
Joseph: No, wait. I can hear something.
Avdol: It sounds a bit far away...
Kakyoin: It sounds like it's getting closer.
Polnareff: Th-This voice...
Polnareff: The teeth! It's coming from inside the teeth!
Joseph: Everyone, brace yourselves!
Polnareff: Huh?
Polnareff: Despite the teeth being as hard as diamonds,
Polnareff: he managed to dig his way out.
Joseph: Oh, my God!
While he's at it, he's breaking 
the other teeth, as well!
Kakyoin: For crying out loud...
Avdol: As usual, that Stand's power is immense.
Jotaro: Hey, we're getting out of here.
Jotaro: Good grief. Well, they were pretty hard teeth,
Jotaro: but I still busted them.
Jotaro: I guess your diamonds were a little low on calcium.
Joseph: That was awful...
Joseph: Hey, there's a woman passed out over there.
Avdol: I assume it's Midler, user of the High Priestess.
Kakyoin: What should we do? Is she incapacitated?
Polnareff: Maybe I'll go see if she's hot or not!
Polnareff: Looks like she's got a nice figure.
Polnareff: Let's see...
Joseph: Well? Polnareff?
Polnareff: N-No comment...
Polnareff: Stop! Don't look!
Polnareff: Her teeth are all busted, 
so there's no point in looking!
Avdol: Anyway, we've finally made it to Egypt.
Joseph: Indeed. In a jet, this trip
would've taken twenty hours.
Joseph: But it took us thirty days.
Kakyoin: We visited many places.
Kakyoin: Inside a brain, and even inside a dream.
Jotaro: A dream? What are you 
talking about, Kakyoin?
Polnareff: Hey, now. It's morning. Wake up already.
Kakyoin: Oh, right. You guys didn't know about that.
Jotaro: Well, whatever. Let's go.
narator: The Stand.
A mysterious, spiritual power 
symbolized by the Tarot.
narator: Around the World in 80 Days.
narator: Joseph Joestar once described 
their journey in that way.
narator: Traveling from Tokyo to Hong Kong, they encountered Tower of Gray.
narator: On their way to Singapore by sea,
they encountered Dark Blue Moon and Strength.
narator: In Singapore, they encountered 
Ebony Devil and Yellow Temperance.
narator: In Calcutta, India, it was
Hanged Man and Emperor.
narator: In Varanasi, India, the Empress.
narator: Near the Pakistani border, Wheel of Fortune.
narator: In the mountains of Pakistan, Justice.
narator: In Karachi, Pakistan, the Lovers.
narator: In the deserts of the
United Arab Emirates, the Sun.
narator: In Saudi Arabia, Death 13.
narator: On a small island in the Red Sea, Judgment.
narator: And now, on the Red Sea floor, the High Priestess.
narator: After defeating many of DIO's assassins,
narator: they have finally arrived in Egypt.
narator: Only a few of the Tarot Cards remain.
narator: But Jojo and the others do not yet know
narator: that new threats still await them.
person: That's...
person: One, two, three... nine.
person: Nine of them? Men and women...
person: Huh?
What... is that?
DIO: Have the flies swarming 
nearby been eliminated?
DIO: The Speedwagon Foundation...
DIO: I can't let my guard down
for a minute. For pity's sake...
DIO: I've gotten quite used to this body now.
DIO: Do you feel it, Jonathan?
DIO: Your descendants are coming closer.
DIO: It's so very cruel...
this world of ours.
Suzie: Oh, I see. So Jotaro is helping you with work.
Suzie: Good, very good.
Joseph (internal): Hmph.
Joseph: He's got a long way to go, compared to me.
Suzie (internal): So, is your work that important?
Joseph: Yeah. It's a very important task.
Joseph: I can't mess it up.
Joseph: But if we work together, we will get it done.
Suzie (internal): Say, Joseph. Could I speak to Jotaro?
Joseph: Sure, but what about?
Suzie (internal): Nothing much.
Is it wrong that I want to hear
my darling grandson's voice?
Joseph: No.
Joseph: Jotaro.
Jotaro: It's me.
Suzie (internal): I've heard all about it, Jotaro!
Suzie (internal): Do your best. Take care of 
your grandfather for me.
Jotaro: Yeah.
Suzie (internal): I'm sure if you work together, you Joestar men
can overcome any hardship.
Suzie (internal): I truly believe that.
Jotaro: Grandma Suzie, you...
Suzie (internal): Hm? What's the matter?
You sound so serious all of a sudden.
Jotaro: It's nothing.
Suzie (internal): All right, I'm hanging up.
I look forward to good news. Ciao!
Rosas: Madam...
Rosas: It has been thirty years now that 
I've worked for the Joestar family.
Rosas: B-But this is the first time 
something like this has...
Suzie: Oh, you're overreacting.
Suzie: It's just a business trip, isn't it?
Rosas: W-Well...
Suzie: It's so troublesome when men act selfish.
Suzie: But I'm used to it by now.
Suzie: The Joestar family has been
like this for a century.
Suzie: I'm sure she'll say so, too, and laugh it all off.
Joseph: What's wrong, Jotaro?
Jotaro: It's nothing.
Joseph: All right, let's go.
Joseph: The ties to DIO that we've had for a century...
joseph: We Joestars will finally bring that to an end.
Jotaro: It's won't just be us.
Kakyoin: Hey, Mr. Joestar!
Kakyoin: We got the car!
Polnareff: Let's hurry up and go.
Kakyoin: Let's get where we're going,
before it gets too dark.
Jotaro: Old man.
Joseph: Yes, we're quite lucky.
Polnareff: If you don't hurry up,
we're gonna leave you behind.
Joseph: All right, we're coming.
narator: Egypt: a nation that is 97% desert.
narator: But, thanks to the blessings of the Nile,
beautiful, fertile green spreads 
all the way down its river banks.
narator: As well as the culture of the ancient Egyptians,
Egypt is also home to Persian, Greek,
Roman, Muslim, and Arabian cultures.
It is a blended nation.
narator: In this eternal land,
what misfortunes await Jotaro
and the others on their journey?
