Joseph: Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore...
Joseph: And now
we're about to cross India...
Joseph: But, well, I'm a little worried.
Joseph: My image of India is a place where people
only eat curry and you 
could fall ill at any time.
Polnareff: I'm worried that my body may not 
be able to handle the culture gap.
Avdol: That assessment is rather distorted.
Avdol: You needn't worry. It's a nice 
country, where simple people live.
Avdol: I can guarantee it.
Avdol: Well, we're in Calcutta. Let's go.
kid a: Hey, give me a tip!
adult a: Let me carry that for you!
adult b: Want a tattoo? You're so pretty.
adult c: Need some anti-venom? 
It won't hurt your stomach.
adult d: I'll show you a hotel!
narator: Calcutta, India.
narator: In the 20th century,
its population is 11 million.
narator: An immense energy swirls about the city!
Polnareff: I stepped in some cow shit! Damn it!
Joseph: I don't need any.
Kakyoin: My wallet's already been stolen!
Seriously, no thank you.
kid: Tip! Tip! Tip!
kid: If you don't give me a tip,
you won't go to heaven, Mister.
Polnareff: Hey! Don't put your nose on it!
Joseph: A-Avdol! Is this India?
Avdol: See? Isn't it a great country?
Avdol: This is what makes this country so wonderful!
Avdol: Here, have this.
Avdol: This is chai.
It's delicious.
narator: Chai.
narator: A popular drink in India.
narator: A sweet drink made by boiling
black tea, sugar, and ginger with milk.
Joseph: At last, a little peace.
Avdol: It's just a matter of getting used to it.
Avdol: Once you get used to it,
you'll see how wonderful this country is.
Jotaro: I like this place. It's pretty great.
Joseph: Seriously, Jotaro? You really mean that?
Polnareff: Talk about culture shock.
Polnareff: I'll like it once I get used to it, huh?
Polnareff: Well, they say that people
adapt to their surroundings.
Polnareff: Where's the john?
boy a: It's over there.
Joseph: Polnareff.
Polnareff: Yeah?
Joseph: What about your order?
Polnareff: I'll leave it to you.
Polnareff: It had better be something amazing.
Polnareff: Gorgeous, splendid food 
that suits a Frenchman like me.
Kakyoin: Which means we can pick anything.
Kakyoin: Let's see, something he'll like...
Kakyoin: Excuse me.
boy b: Oh, please wait, sir.
boy b: Please use this.
Polnareff: What's this stick for?
Polnareff: Hey.
Polnareff: The toilet's shaped oddly, but it's pretty clean.
Polnareff: A nice guy like myself can't
stand it when bathrooms are dirty.
boy b: Is something wrong?
Polnareff: D-D-D-D-Don't "Is something wrong?" at me!
Polnareff: Th-Th-Th-Th-The toilet...
Polnareff: The toilet...
Polnareff: There's a pig sticking
its head out of the toilet!
boy b: This toilet is unusual, even in India.
They accidentally made the
pig pen down below a little too high.
boy b: So when the pig gets hungry, 
it sticks its head out.
Polnareff: Th-That's not what I'm aski—
Polnareff: Er, wait, what?!
That means this pig's food is...
Polnareff: That's why it's there?!
boy b: That's why you use this.
boy b: Here...
boy b: See? Now you can go while the pig's 
recoiling from the blow to the head.
boy b: Our manager actually gets the
pig to lick his butt and always says
how great it is, because he gets so clean.
boy b: Please, take your time.
Polnareff: W-Wait! Don't leave me alone!
Polnareff (internal): Gulp.
Polnareff: I don't think I could ever get used to this...
Polnareff: I'll wait until we get to the hotel.
boy a: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Polnareff: Crap.
Polnareff: H-He's gone?
Polnareff: I could have sworn I
saw something weird there.
Polnareff: I must have imagined it.
Polnareff: I guess I can't help it.
Polnareff: I mean, there was a pig in the toilet.
Polnareff: It's not surprising I'd see an illusion 
of a monster outside the window.
Polnareff: So this is what they mean 
by culture shock in India.
Polnareff: Wha...
Polnareff: What?!
Polnareff: Huh? Huh?
Polnareff: Wh-What is this?!
Polnareff: I can only see it in the mirror!
Polnareff: So this is the mirror Stand 
that Jotaro heard about.
Polnareff: Th-This isn't good.
Polnareff: This really isn't good!
Polnareff: Silver Chariot!
Polnareff: Wh-What the hell is that?!
Polnareff: Damn it!
Polnareff: Stand!
Polnareff: Where's the user? Who is it?!
Polnareff: The man with two right hands...
Polnareff: There are so many people...
Polnareff: Damn it!
Joseph: What's wrong, Polnareff?
Avdol: What's happening?
Polnareff: If that...
Polnareff: If that was the Stand, that means...
Polnareff: That means he's finally here!
Polnareff: Jotaro, the Stand user you heard 
about that uses mirrors is here!
Polnareff: The bastard that killed my little sister!
Polnareff: The bastard that stepped all
over my sister's life, soul, and pride.
Polnareff: I can finally... I can finally see him!
Joseph: The one you seek vengeance upon is here?
Polnareff: Mr. Joestar, I'll be traveling on my own here.
Joseph: Wh—
Polnareff: Now that I know the guy
who killed my sister is nearby,
I'm not going to wait
for him to come after me.
Polnareff: I'd be at a disadvantage 
if I let him attack me,
and it's not my style.
Polnareff: I'll find him first, and kill him!
Kakyoin: Even though you don't know what 
he looks like, or what his Stand is?
Polnareff: Knowing that he has two right hands is plenty!
Polnareff: And he knows that I'm after him, as well.
Polnareff: He should be worried that I'll 
come for his head in his sleep.
Polnareff: See ya.
Avdol: You'll go out for wool,
only to come home shorn.
Polnareff: What's that supposed to mean?
Avdol: Just as it sounds.
Polnareff: Are you implying that I'm going to lose?
Avdol: Indeed.
Can't you see that the enemy
purposely attacked to get you alone?
Avdol: I will not allow you to travel alone, Polnareff.
Polnareff: Listen up. I'm going to make this clear.
I never cared about DIO.
Polnareff: I told you in Hong Kong that 
I was only traveling with you
so I could get my revenge.
Polnareff: Mr. Joestar and Jotaro 
should already know this.
Polnareff: I've been alone from the start!
Polnareff: I've always been fighting alone!
Avdol: Such a selfish man!
Avdol: Did you forget that you 
were brainwashed by DIO?
Avdol: Have you forgotten that 
this all leads back to DIO?
Polnareff: Like you'd ever understand how 
I feel after having my sister killed!
Polnareff: I heard that the last time you met DIO,
you got scared and ran away.
Polnareff: A coward like you would 
never understand how I feel!
Avdol: What did you say?
Polnareff: Don't touch me.
Polnareff: You were just lucky that 
you beat me in Hong Kong.
Don't lecture me.
Avdol: Why, you...
Polnareff: Oh, did that piss you off?
Polnareff: But don't forget that I'm a lot more
pissed off than you are right now!
Polnareff: You can just keep acting like
the mature one as always, Avdol.
Avdol: Why, you—
Avdol: Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: That's enough. Let him go.
Joseph: Now that he's like this, no one can stop him.
Avdol: No, I'm just disappointed in him.
Avdol: I didn't think he was that sort of man.
Avdol: I did indeed run in fear.
Avdol: That's also why I believe we will win,
and can say with certainty that you'll lose.
Polnareff: What?
Polnareff: Then I'll say this with certainty, too.
Polnareff: Your divination will be wrong.
Hol Horse: Get off.
Hol Horse: I'm here to see a friend.
Hol Horse: Go back yourself from here.
Nena: Please, make me your wife.
Nena: I will dedicate my life to you.
Just tell me whatever you wish of me.
Nena: So please, let me stay by your side forever.
Hol Horse: Don't be stupid. You're still only sixteen.
Nena: I'm old enough to marry.
Nena: I love you.
Hol Horse: Listen. I'm just a drifter.
Hol Horse: I live each day like it's my last, 
and one day, it will be my last.
Hol Horse: Royalty like yourself can't
think about marrying me.
Hol Horse: No matter how much we love each other.
Nena: Really?
You love me?
Hol Horse: Yeah. You're the only one 
I love in the whole world.
Hol Horse: That's exactly why.
It's because I love you that I can't marry you.
Hol Horse: You understand, don't you?
Hol Horse: It's hard for me, too.
My chest feels like it could burst.
Hol Horse: But I'll come see you once in 
a while and hold you like this.
Hol Horse: That's enough to make me happy.
Nena: Yes...
Hol Horse: Later. Love ya.
Hol Horse: It's not nice to eavesdrop.
Hol Horse: I'm sure you'd like to say
I'm being as indirect as ever,
Hol Horse: and that there're girls like her everywhere...
Hol Horse: But she's an easy mark, and it's convenient.
Hol Horse: She'd do anything for me,
even throw away her own life.
Hol Horse: You know how I work, don't you?
Hol Horse: Mr. J. Geil.
Hol Horse: By the way, about Silver Chariot's Polnareff.
Hol Horse: Seems he's looking for you on his own.
Hol Horse: What will you do?
Hol Horse: He fell hook, line, and sinker 
for your plan to lure him out.
Hol Horse: Shall we kill him first?
Hol Horse: Let's go.
Hol Horse: With you and your Hanged Man,
and me, Hol Horse, with my Emperor,
Hol Horse: We can kill 'em all.
Joseph: So he didn't come back after all.
Polnareff: What?
Polnareff: You saw him?
Polnareff: You're sure you saw a
man with two right hands?
Polnareff: Where?
man: Huh? That's weird.
I lost him. He was just right there, too.
Polnareff: What?
man: He was with that man right there.
Hol Horse: The gun is mightier than the sword.
Hol Horse: Man, talk about a memorable quote.
Polnareff: Who the hell are you?
Hol Horse: Hol Horse is the name.
Hol Horse: I'm the user of the Stand 
that suggests the Emperor card.
Hol Horse: Lord DIO paid me to get rid of you guys.
Polnareff: Hey, country boy.
I don't need the self-introduction.
Polnareff: Do you know the man with two right hands?
Hol Horse: Well, that was rude.
You asked, so I answered.
Hol Horse: Well, whatever.
Hol Horse: I came here with him.
Hol Horse: He's nearby.
Polnareff: What?
Polnareff: Where is he?!
Hol Horse: No point in asking that.
Hol Horse: I, Hol Horse, will be taking care of you.
Polnareff: Trash like you always says that,
Polnareff: and it always ends up the other way around.
Polnareff: Oh? Was that funny?
Hol Horse: Lord DIO said that Polnareff was 
a man who underestimated others,
Hol Horse: and that I'd have no problem beating him.
Hol Horse: He was exactly right,
so I couldn't help but laugh.
Polnareff: If I can't see him until I defeat you, 
then that's just what I'll do.
Polnareff: Bring it on.
Hol Horse: You know Stratego, right?
Hol Horse: The tank is stronger than the soldier, 
and tanks are weak against mines.
Hol Horse: See, it's pretty much the basics of battle.
Hol Horse: My Emperor is stronger than you,
so I thought I'd let you know about
my Stand's abilities before we fight.
Hol Horse: The gun is mightier than the sword.
Hol Horse: Seriously, such a memorable quote.
Polnareff: What are you trying to say?
Hol Horse: My Stand shoots.
Hol Horse: A sword can't beat a weapon that shoots.
Polnareff: So, what? A pea shooter?
both: I'll kill you!
Hol Horse: You underestimated me, Polnareff!
Hol Horse: And now, you've lost!
Polnareff (internal): If it takes off its armor...
Polnareff (internal): It's nothing but a bullet!
Polnareff (internal): What?!
Polnareff (internal): I-Impossible! The trajectory curved!
Polnareff (internal): C-Crap!
Hol Horse (internal): The bullet is also my Stand.
Hol Horse (internal): Underestimating me by 
not even considering that
will cost you your life!
Avdol: Polnareff!
Polnareff: Wha— Avdol!
Avdol: I went looking for you because 
I was worried, and look what I find!
Avdol: You're too full of yourself, Polnareff.
Polnareff: W-Worried?
Polnareff: Damn you! Are you going to lecture me again?
Avdol: The enemy knows everything about you!
Avdol: You said you've lived life alone,
Avdol: but from now on,
you won't be able to win alone!
Hol Horse: What bad timing for an outsider to interfere.
Avdol: Move, Polnareff! The bullet's coming back!
Avdol: Magician's Red!
Avdol: I'll burn it to cinders!
Joseph (internal): Damn that Avdol!
He went after Polnareff himself.
Kakyoin(internal): Where are you, Mr. Avdol? Polnareff?
Kakyoin(internal): I have a terrible feeling...
voice: Hey, there's a weird fight going on over there.
Avdol: The puddle...
Polnareff: What?!
Kakyoin: Mr. Avdol!
Hol Horse: Man, today must be my day.
Hol Horse: My gun and J. Geil's mirror
don't do very well with Avdol's flames,
Hol Horse: so we thought he'd be 
our most formidable enemy.
Hol Horse: Talk about luck!
Hol Horse: There are no scary pieces
left in this game of Stratego.
Kakyoin: Mr. Avdol!
Kakyoin(internal): H-He's just hurt...
Kakyoin(internal): It's just a minor wound.
Kakyoin(internal): See? He's going to start speaking...
Kakyoin(internal): He'll open his eyes at any moment.
Kakyoin(internal): Right, Mr. Avdol?
Kakyoin(internal): You're going to wake up, right?
Kakyoin: Mr. Avdol, wake up!
Kakyoin: Please! Mr. Avdol!
Kakyoin: Impossible. This was too easy.
It was too quick!
Polnareff: That's what he gets for lecturing people.
Polnareff: Look at him now.
Kakyoin: Wha...
Kakyoin: What did you say, Polnareff?
Mr. Avdol was worried about you—
Polnareff: Who asked him for help?!
Polnareff: He likes to meddle in other people's business,
but he's slow as hell, so they got him.
Polnareff: Guys like him just get in the way...
Polnareff: That's why I said I'd do this myself.
Kakyoin: You bastard...
Kakyoin: He saved your life. How dare you...
Polnareff: It really annoys me!
Polnareff: Having people up and die on me...
Kakyoin: Polnareff...
Polnareff: It just annoys me so much!