narator: After capturing Enyaba,
Jojo's group acquired a carriage.
narator: They then arrived in Karachi, 
the coastal town that leads
Pakistan in commerce and industry,
which lies near the Indus River delta.
Joseph: Hey, a doner kebab place!
Joseph: Why don't we stop and get something to eat?
narator: Doner kebabs are the
hamburgers of the Middle East!
narator: A slab of meat is placed on a spit, 
and its surface roasts as it turns.
narator: They then shave off the cooked meat
and eat it on bread.
It is quite a delicious dish.
Joseph: Excuse me. I'd like five of those.
guy: Five will cost you a thousand yen.
Joseph: A thousand yen?
narator: In the Middle East, the logic of Japan and
the West doesn't apply at all.
narator: Namely, prices are very unspecific.
narator: Foreigners who come here for the first time,
narator: with no understanding of the art of haggling,
narator: have no idea what things cost
and are easily exploited.
narator: But in this world, such exploitation 
is not seen as a bad thing.
narator: The one who was tricked into 
buying is seen as an idiot.
narator: I will now explain how to buy things!
Joseph: A thousand yen?
narator: In this situation, for instance, 
act like you see through the trick...
Joseph: Don't mock me, now! That's far too much.
narator: ...and laugh out loud. And then...
guy: How much would you buy them for?
narator: ...they will ask the customer
how much they're willing to pay.
Joseph: Make it 250 yen for five!
narator: In return, the customer names a price so low,
you'd feel a bit guilty even saying it. And then...
narator: They'll take the attitude, 
"Seriously? Have you no sense?"
and act as though you're mocking them...
guy: If I sold them for that much, 
my whole family would starve to death!
narator: Then they will gesture as if
their head were being cut off.
narator: But you mustn't give up yet.
Joseph: Then maybe I'll just buy them somewhere else.
narator: Act like you're leaving...
guy: Okay, friend! I'm very kind to foreigners.
guy: I'll sell you five for 700 yen.
narator: ...and they'll say that to try and stop you.
Joseph: Make it 300.
narator: Let the haggling begin!
guy: 600!
Joseph: 350!
guy: 550!
Joseph: 400!
guy: 450!
both: 425!
Joseph: I'll take them!
Joseph (internal): All right! I got them for less 
than half his original price!
Joseph (internal): Take that! I made out like a bandit!
narator: And just as you think that...
guy (internal): I usually sell five for 150 yen!
guy: Bye-bye, thank you!
Joseph: Hey! That old lady's awake.
Kakyoin: Eh?
Enya: I-I... I haven't said anything!
Enya: Wh-Why are you here before me?
Enya: Do you think that I, Enyaba,
Enya: would actually tell them
the secret of Lord DIO's Stand?
Joseph: Huh?
Polnareff: Wh-What the hell are these tentacles?!
Enya: Why...
Enya: Why have you come to kill me?!
Steely Dan: It means that Lord DIO truly trusts no one.
Steely Dan: I will be making sure you never speak again.
Steely Dan: And as for you four there...
Steely Dan: I will be taking your lives.
Polnareff: Old lady!
Joseph: What?!
Steely Dan: My name is Dan...
Steely Dan: Steely Dan.
Steely Dan: My Stand suggests The Lovers card.
Steely Dan: I will see to it that you all
meet the same fate as Enyaba.
Polnareff: How could you?!
That old lady was one of you, wasn't she?
Polnareff: Old lady!
Enya: L-L-Lies... Lies...
Enya: It's a lie...
Lord DIO would never do this to me....
Kakyoin: The thing coming out of the
old lady's body is not a Stand!
Kakyoin: They're real! They're real, moving tentacles!
Enya: He would never do something like this to me...
Enya: He would never plant a flesh bud...
Kakyoin: Flesh bud?!
Enya: Lord DIO is my reason to live...
We trust each other...
Polnareff: Old lady!
Joseph: Th-They...
Joseph: They melted from the rays of the sun.
Joseph: The flesh bud! It's DIO's own cells!
Steely Dan: Precisely! I'm impressed you 
were able to figure that out.
Steely Dan: That is what the flesh bud, 
made from Lord DIO's cells,
looks like when it's grown.
Steely Dan: I just grew it inside of Enyaba.
Steely Dan: Enyaba, I hear that you were the one
who told Lord DIO about the Stands.
Steely Dan: But there is no way that Lord DIO
would ever trust a little
old woman like yourself.
Steely Dan: It seems you hadn't realized that.
Joseph: Old lady!
Tell us what the true 
identity of DIO's Stand is!
Joseph: Tell us!
You placed your hope and trust in DIO!
Joseph: And now you know he's not 
the man you thought he was!
Joseph: I have to defeat DIO! Please, tell me!
Joseph: Tell me! Tell me about DIO's Stand!
Enya: Lord... DIO...
Enya: He believes in me.
Enya: I can't tell you...
Joseph: Oh, God!
Steely Dan: How sad...
Steely Dan: How truly sad that old woman was.
Steely Dan: But the fact that she trusted him so deeply
Steely Dan: shows how powerful Lord DIO's evil charm truly is.
Polnareff: Since Enyaba was connected with my sister's death,
I'm pretty conflicted about this.
Polnareff: But I will kill you.
Kakyoin: It'll be four against one,
but we won't hesitate.
Prepare yourself.
Jotaro: Stand up.
Jotaro: Hey, jackass!
Don't try to act cool at a time like this.
Jotaro: Even if you won't attack us, we're going to fight.
Steely Dan: Do as you please.
But none of you will
be able to even lay a
finger upon me, Steely Dan.
Jotaro: What?!
Polnareff: Wh-What happened, Mr. Joestar?
Polnareff: He flew back just like that guy!
Steely Dan: You fool! I was still in the 
middle of my explanation.
Steely Dan: You were very close to killing 
your own grandfather.
Steely Dan: Listen carefully.
Do you really think I appeared 
before you just to kill Enyaba?
Joseph: Y-You bastard...
You said you had the Stand
of the Lovers' card, didn't you?
Joseph: Wh-What is that?!
Steely Dan: The battle has already begun, Mr. Joestar.
Steely Dan: You fools...
Steely Dan: No matter how hard you look,
you won't be able to find my Stand easily.
Steely Dan: Hey, brat.
Steely Dan: I'll give you a tip,
so hit my leg with your broom.
Joseph: I-It can't be...
Steely Dan: Hit me!
Kakyoin: What happened, Mr. Joestar?!
Joseph: I-It hurts!
Joseph: I don't know what's going on, 
but there's tremendous pain...
Steely Dan: You haven't figured it out, Joseph Joestar?
Steely Dan: My Stand goes inside the bodies of others.
Steely Dan: The moment Enyaba died,
it entered your brain through your ear.
Joseph: What?
Steely Dan: Meaning, the Stand and 
myself are one and the same.
Steely Dan: If my Stand gets hurt, so do I, and vice versa.
Steely Dan: If you so much as scratch me,
Steely Dan: my Stand, which is within your brain, 
will react to my pain and suffering
in that same moment by going berserk.
Steely Dan: It will inflict pain several times greater 
to the same part of your body.
Steely Dan: I'll say it once more...
Steely Dan: You will not be able to 
lay a single finger on me!
Steely Dan: Not to mention, The Lovers has
taken Lord DIO's flesh bud into your body.
Steely Dan: It's growing within your brain.
Steely Dan: Just like Enyaba, it will eat you 
from the inside and you will die!
Joseph: Ow!
Steely Dan: When did I say you could strike me again?
Steely Dan: You little brat!
Steely Dan: Well, to be honest, my Stand, 
The Lovers, is very weak.
Steely Dan: It isn't powerful enough to
move even a single strand of hair...
It is the world's weakest Stand.
Steely Dan: But...
Steely Dan: You don't need power to kill humans.
Steely Dan: Do you understand, gentlemen?
Steely Dan: If I were to be in a car accident, 
hit by a baseball,
or even to trip and fall, Mr. Joestar...
Steely Dan: Your body would suffer far 
greater damage than mine.
Joseph: I-I can even feel real pain 
in my artificial left hand...
Steely Dan: And in ten minutes,
your brain will be eaten through, 
and you will die like Enyaba.
Kakyoin: Jotaro, calm down! Don't do anything stupid.
Jotaro: No. I'm going to kill him so quickly,
he won't have a moment to feel pain.
Steely Dan: Without a moment to feel pain, huh...
Steely Dan: That's a great idea.
Steely Dan: Let's see you try it, Jotaro.
Steely Dan: It sounds fascinating.
What were you planning to destroy?
Steely Dan: Come on! My face? My throat?
Steely Dan: Come on, what's wrong? Just try it!
Let's just see what happens!
Steely Dan: How about busting a hole through my chest?
Steely Dan: Or how about you give 
up on using your Stand,
and crack my head open with a rock?
Steely Dan: Here, I'll even get the rock for you.
Steely Dan: Is this one big enough?
Jotaro: You don't want to underestimate me.
When I say I'm going to do something, I do it.
Kakyoin: Don't do anything rash, Jotaro!
Kakyoin: You've already seen his powers!
Are you trying to kill your own grandfather?!
Polnareff: H-He's the type that might actually do it...
Steely Dan: You aren't taking me seriously.
Steely Dan: Oh...?
Steely Dan: You...
Joseph: Jotaro!
Steely Dan: Don't underestimate me, you bastard.
Steely Dan: After the geezer Joestar dies, next it'll be...
Kakyoin: Look out!
Steely Dan: ...your brain that I send The Lovers into and kill!
Joseph: Wh-What the hell are you doing?!
Joseph (internal): H-How can this be?
My grandson is being beaten up to save me...
Joseph (internal): We're completely caught up in his pace.
Joseph (internal): His Stand is inside my brain...
Joseph (internal): When I was younger, there was a time when 
poison was placed into my heart, but...
Joseph (internal): I must do something... I must do something!
Polnareff: H-Hey!
Kakyoin: Jotaro! Keep him away from Mr. Joestar!
We're going to get as far
away from him as possible!
Steely Dan: Oh, I see...
So you think that if you move far enough away,
my Stand's power will disappear?
Steely Dan: But one's weakness can also be one's strength.
Steely Dan: My Stand, The Lovers, may be weak, 
but once it is within a body,
I can control it from a distance 
far greater than any other Stand.
Even hundreds of kilometers away.
Steely Dan: Hey, Jotaro! I'm talking to you!
Steely Dan: What are you looking away so calmly for?
Look at me!
Jotaro: You sound like you're starting to lose your cool.
Steely Dan: Do you plan to follow me until Joseph dies?
Jotaro: Dan, was it?
I will definitely make you pay for this.
Steely Dan: If that's why you're following me,
maybe I should borrow a little more.
Steely Dan: Is this all you have?
Steely Dan: I see that your watch, audaciously 
enough, is a TAG Heuer...
I'll be borrowing this.
Kakyoin: There!
Kakyoin: It's an electronics store! 
Mr. Joestar, they have TVs!
Polnareff: H-Hey! What are you trying to do?
Joseph: Polnareff, did you think 
we were just running away?
Joseph: I'm going to fight the 
Stand that's inside my head.
Polnareff: F-Fight?!
Kakyoin: We only have a few minutes.
You'll be assisting us.
Polnareff: Huh?!
Joseph: Hermit Purple!
Kakyoin: There it is!
Joseph: Oh, no!
Joseph: How can it be that I had to 
see inside my own brain?
Polnareff: I-I can see now that 
there's a really tiny Stand
inside of you, Mr. Joestar...
Polnareff: But how do you plan on defeating it?
Kakyoin: Your Stand and mine will enter 
Mr. Joestar's body, and defeat it there.
Polnareff: Wh-What?!
Kakyoin: Stands are images made of energy.
They should be able to shrink.
Polnareff: Kakyoin!
Joseph: Hey, take it easy on me.
Kakyoin: There's no time to lose.
We're going in, Polnareff!
Polnareff: A-All right!
Hierophant Green: Hierophant Green!
Silver Chariot: Silver Chariot!
Polnareff: Smaller!
Hierophant Green: Get smaller.
Hierophant Green: We're going to be entering a blood vessel.
Silver Chariot: R-Right...
Steely Dan: A drainage ditch...
Steely Dan: I could jump across this ditch,
Steely Dan: but if I were to trip and twist my 
ankle, it could be dangerous.
Steely Dan: It'd be a pain to go all the way 
to that bridge over there.
Steely Dan: Hey, Jotaro.
Lie down across this ditch 
and make yourself into a bridge.
I'll walk over it on you.
Steely Dan: What? You're not going to be my bridge?
Jotaro: What the hell are you talking about?
Steely Dan: I said, make yourself into a bridge!
You ridiculous bastard!
Polnareff: Wh-What's wrong?!
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar!
Joseph: M-My leg...
Joseph: I-It's going numb...
Joseph: What the hell is Jotaro doing?!
Steely Dan: What's the matter, Jotaro?
Steely Dan: Come on, hurry up.
Steely Dan: Good.
Steely Dan: You're a rather sturdy bridge, aren't you?
Aren't you? Aren't you?
Steely Dan: Aren't you?
Steely Dan: Aren't you?
Steely Dan: Aren't you...
Kakyoin: Mr. Joestar,
Kakyoin: the enemy's Stand, The Lovers,
is in the brain stem, the point 
where the nervous system begins.
Kakyoin: Polnareff and I will enter the 
vein from inside your ear,
then swim through the blood 
vessels toward the brain stem.
Kakyoin: Polnareff, open a hole in the 
wall of the blood vessel.
Joseph: H-Hey, hold on a second! 
You're using your Stands, right?
Can't you just slip through it?
Kakyoin: At this size, it's not possible.
The blood vessel's wall is too thick.
Kakyoin: The hole will be microscopic,
so there's no need to worry.
Kakyoin: Cutting through a blood 
vessel or nerve right now
would take several minutes.
Kakyoin: Otherwise, our Stands would have 
already cut down the enemy Stand.
Kakyoin: Though we may have already started...
Polnareff: Keeping our Stands this
small is really exhausting.
It requires a lot of Stand power.
Silver Chariot: Here we go!
Joseph: Oh, my God! I-I don't feel so well...