Joseph: Wh... What are these remnants of destruction?
Joseph: It's a perfectly round opening,
like someone pulled out a cork.
Joseph: Wh-What is it...?
Kakyoin: The destruction continues on beyond this room.
Joseph: These are clearly signs that Avdol and 
the others encountered an enemy.
Joseph: Jotaro! Break down this door! We're going in!
Jotaro: Yeah.
Polnareff: So long, Iggy.
Vanilla Ice: Polnareff. It is not by your hand that I bleed.
Vanilla Ice: It is by Avdol's.
Vanilla Ice: At that moment,
I had planned to eradicate
both you and Avdol all at once,
Vanilla Ice: but he knocked you out of the way.
Vanilla Ice: Normally, in such a situation,
one would instinctively 
focus on protecting himself.
Vanilla Ice: This blood is the result of that.
Vanilla Ice: But although I am injured, 
it will take some time until I die.
Vanilla Ice: I shall go finish off Joestar and the other two!
Vanilla Ice: I will, without a doubt, eliminate them.
Polnareff: Iggy... I told you over and over 
not to use your Stand...
Polnareff: Trying to act all cool and shit...
Polnareff: I told you so many times.
Vanilla Ice: Polnareff!
narator: Cool Ice said that a mere
dog could not have resolve.
narator: That he could not possess a proud soul.
narator: But Stands are the soul's manifestation.
narator: Iggy's soul had moved on its own.
narator: It had no choice but to move.
Polnareff (internal): Th-This feeling in the sand...
Polnareff (internal): How could this have happened? Damn it!
Polnareff (internal): It's an empty shell. A Stand's empty shell...
Polnareff (internal): This is cold annihilation...
The destruction of life.
Polnareff (internal): Damn it! I'm the one who survived!
Polnareff: Ig...
Polnareff: Iggy!
Polnareff: You're too slow, Cool Ice. 
And you're exactly right.
Polnareff: I have really bad luck when it comes to friends.
Polnareff: I was supposed to save Iggy, 
but instead, he saved me.
Polnareff (internal): Damn it...
How can this be?
Polnareff (internal): I just realized how much I liked him.
Polnareff (internal): It always happens this way.
I only understand after they're gone.
Polnareff (internal): I thought you were a stubborn, 
shitty little mutt,
Polnareff (internal): but I loved how you acted so stubborn,
and refused to be friendly with any human.
Polnareff (internal): I realize now that your refusal to show
Polnareff (internal): affection for anyone proved 
just how proud you really were.
Polnareff (internal): I told you not to save me...
Polnareff (internal): Damn it! It's because of your stubbornness that...
Polnareff: I knew it. Cool Ice, you bastard...
Polnareff: I thought it was strange.
Polnareff: You're immortal. DIO did 
something to you, didn't he?
Vanilla Ice: Wh-What... i-is... this?!
Polnareff: You didn't notice your body changing?
Polnareff: You received his blood, didn't you?
To think you're becoming something
I've heard stories about.
Polnareff: You're the same as DIO.
Polnareff: A soulless, filthy vampire!
Vanilla Ice: You bastard!
Polnareff: Looks like you started to turn into a vampire
around the moment I stabbed 
you through the mouth.
Polnareff: Go on.
Indulge your obsession to the fullest! 
Try and do something!
Polnareff: You're obsessed with 
protecting DIO, aren't you?
Polnareff: Come at me! I'm right here!
Polnareff: What's wrong, Cool Ice? Come on!
Vanilla Ice: You will not...
Polnareff: Go to Hell.
Polnareff: A-Avdol... I-Iggy!
Polnareff: W...
Was that an illusion?
Polnareff: Or...
Polnareff: Either way, I have to climb up those stairs
and get to DIO.
Polnareff: I don't have time to cry in sadness now.
narator: Japan.
narator: It has now been 43 days since 
Jojo and the others departed.
Suzie: Stop for a moment, Rosas.
Suzie: Please, stop the car.
Rosas: Madam, you're not thinking about
stopping at that soba stand, are you?
Suzie: Indeed I am!
It's been so long since I've been in Japan.
Suzie: I'm going to have a bite 
before I go see my daughter.
Suzie: You hold my little turtle for me.
Rosas: You mustn't, Madam!
Rosas: These places are intended for busy men,
not for ladies like yourself. 
That is the Japanese way.
Rosas: You are Madam Joestar.
Suzie: Oh, hush. I'm going to record 
a commemorative video.
Suzie: Very good! Very good!
This plebeian atmosphere... It's so good!
person: Mr. Rosas.
person: Have you not told her about 
her daughter Holly's condition?
Suzie: Hurry it up, Rosas! Come, come!
Rosas: I-I'll be right there...
Rosas: I... I haven't told her yet.
Rosas: She came to Japan thinking
she was just visiting her daughter,
who had mild pneumonia.
Rosas: I have served the Joestar family for 30 years,
Rosas: ever since Miss Holly was in grade school.
Rosas: I know I should have told her the truth.
Rosas: But... I lacked the courage.
Rosas: So we arrived in Japan before I could tell her.
person: Miss Holly's strength has run out.
She has only a few days left.
person: I could tell her, if you'd like.
Rosas: N-No... I have lied this long 
to Madam about Miss Holly.
Rosas: I will tell her myself.
Rosas: Is it true that she might be cured if
the man called DIO is defeated?
person: Yes. If he is defeated.
person: Miss Holly's body is reacting 
to an energy called a Stand,
which only certain people can see, 
and is being overwhelmed by it.
person: By the evil energy of the man known as DIO...
person: The Madam cannot see Stands.
But when she encounters the 
shadow of death, she will sense it.
person: You must go tell Madam Joestar right away.
Rosas: Sh-Shadow of death?
Suzie: Come, Rosas! What are you doing?
Suzie: You should have some curry udon, too.
Rosas: Madam, there's something I must tell you...
Suzie: Oh! I must get some footage of the
vending machine serving that 
peculiar energy drink, as well!
Suzie: Good. Very good. Would you like one, Rosas?
Rosas: Madam, please stop! Those are not drinks!
Rosas: P-Please listen, Madam!
Suzie: Oh? To what?
Rosas: Th-The truth is, Miss Holly...
Suzie: This Japanese person is so unique and cool!
Good. Very good!
Suzie: Hello, hello, give me smile!
Yakuza: What the hell?
Who gave you permission to videotape me, huh?!
Rosas: Gah!
Madam, please get back in the car!
Suzie: Yay!
Yakuza: Come back here, damn it! 
Are you messing with me?!
Yakuza: Hand over that camera!
Yakuza: Who the hell do you think you are,
you foreign granny?!
Yakuza: Want to see some blood, 
you shitty old woman? Huh?
Rosas: Hey, that's quite enough.
Do not lay a finger on the Madam.
Rosas: Madam, please! Learn a bit more about Japan.
Suzie: Okay.
Rosas (internal): I-I couldn't tell her
that Miss Holly only has a few days left.
Rosas (internal): I can't bear seeing Madam in shock and sadness.
Rosas (internal): We've come this far before I could tell her.
Rosas (internal): The Kujo household is almost in sight.
Rosas (internal): I must tell her now...
Rosas (internal): I must be the one to tell her!
Suzie: Rosas.
I know there's something you want to tell me.
Suzie: I already know what's been troubling you.
Suzie: My daughter's life is in danger, isn't it?
Suzie: When I called her from New York,
Holly always sounded cheerful and strong.
Suzie: She said that she just had a little cold.
Suzie: Joseph would also call me
while he was on the road,
saying that he was doing fine 
and oh so terribly busy.
Suzie: But somehow I knew
Suzie: that something terrible was happening 
to my daughter and my husband.
Suzie: I've lived with my husband for fifty years,
Suzie: and I gave birth to my daughter, after all.
Suzie: I was frightened.
I was too scared to verify the truth.
Suzie: The more I wanted to see my daughter,
the more frightened I was to come to Japan.
person: Since we're discussing it now,
we should tell you clearly.
person: Miss Holly's survival will depend 
upon these next few days.
person: Mr. Joestar and the others 
went to Egypt to address
the source of her illness,
person: but I have not heard any news from them yet.
Rosas: P-Please forgive me for not telling you, Madam.
Rosas: There was nothing we could do for Miss Holly,
and that was so painful...
Rosas: It was so cruel!
Suzie: What nonsense are you speaking, Rosas?
Suzie: There is just one thing we can do for Holly.
Suzie: Holly.
Holly: Mom...
Suzie: Rosas, listen carefully.
Suzie: The one thing we can do for my daughter
Suzie: is believe.
Suzie: I do not know the details, but I have faith.
Suzie: If my Joseph and my grandson, Jotaro,
are trying to do something to save my daughter,
Suzie: then I will believe in them.
Suzie: Ever since I met that man
in Italy fifty years ago,
Suzie: he has never betrayed my expectations.
Suzie: Once he decides he's going to do something,
he will follow through, no matter what.
Suzie: Believe in Jotaro and Joseph.
Suzie: Get better, and we'll all be 
together as a family again.
Holly: Mom...
Rosas: Madam... Miss Holly...
Nukesaku: Cool Ice... Billie Jean... D'Arby Younger...
Nukesaku: All of you were fools after all!
Nukesaku: I can't help but belly laugh in sheer satisfaction 
to think they got what they deserved!
Nukesaku: Calling me "Nukesaku" like I'm some moron...
Nukesaku: You're the dumbasses who got killed!
Vanilla Ice: Nukesaku, it is impossible for you
to defeat Joestar and the 
others with your powers.
Terrence Darby: Just stay out of it.
Nukesaku: H-Hey... Let me in on the action, too.
Vanilla Ice: You're nothing more than a vampire.
Kenny: Just try and interfere. We'll kill you if you do.
Terrence Darby: Just stay put, Nukesaku.
Nukesaku: I'll be the one who finishes off Jotaro!
Kakyoin: Stop! There's something in 
front of us, to the right.
Joseph: It's a woman...
lady: P-Please spare me!
lady: Don't drink my blood! 
Please don't drink my blood!
lady: I'll do whatever you say! 
So please, spare my life!
Joseph: H-Hey, just wait a second. Calm down.
girl: I won't try to run away again! 
So please... spare my life!
Joseph: Calm down!
We aren't DIO's minions, and we aren't vampires.
Joseph: You can consider us friends. 
We'll help you, so calm down.
lady: Friends...
Friends? A-Are you really friends, not foes?
lady: Will you really help me?
Jotaro: That's right. We're friends...
Jotaro: Of justice, that is.
Joseph: That's right. We'll help you.
Joseph: We'll help you go straight to Hell!
Right, Kakyoin?
Nukesaku: I-Impossible! Wh-Why? Why?!
Nukesaku: How did you figure it out?!
My power is invincible!
Kakyoin: Is your power having the face of a 
woman on the back of your head?
Joseph: You should have at least 
turned your hands around.
Nukesaku: Th-That's right!
I didn't realize... Damn it!
Jotaro: Hey, Nukesaku.
Jotaro: Where's DIO's room? Tell us.
Kakyoin: Jotaro, don't knock him out. 
Let's have him guide us.
Nukesaku: Why, you...
Nukesaku: You called me "Nukesaku"... 
Don't mess with me!
Nukesaku: I'll kill you!
I am immortal, for the blood 
of Lord DIO is in my body!
Jotaro: Oh? Did you just say you were immortal?
Jotaro: So you're a vampire like DIO...
Jotaro: Well, then, I guess I'll have to 
see just how immortal you are.
Joseph: Oh my God!
Jotaro: I see. So you are immortal. 
But even if you are a vampire,
Jotaro: it's still possible to cut you into pieces.
Jotaro: Come on. Lead us to DIO. The sun's setting.
Nukesaku: Okay... But may I ask you one thing?
Nukesaku: How did you know that they call me "Nukesaku"?
Jotaro: Good grief.
Polnareff: Those curtains were made of some nice cloth.
Polnareff: Now I can move better, and even jump.
Polnareff: It still hurts,
but I don't have time to 
lose heart or worry about pain.
DIO: So it's you, Polnareff. It's been a while.
Polnareff: DIO.
Polnareff: You're here at last.