Anne: Can I get some ice cream?
guy: Welcome.
guy: Little girl,
guy: ice cream is good, but this is tasty, too.
guy: It's chilled coconut juice.
How about it?
Jotaro: I guess we can try it.
Jotaro: Give us three.
guy: Thanks. That'll be twelve dollars.
Anne: Hey, make that six dollars.
Kakyoin: This should cover it.
guy: Okay.
guy: Thanks!
theif: I'll take that!
Kakyoin: You thought you could get away
with stealing my wallet, you little shit?
Anne: Huh?
Kakyoin: Cough up your guts!
Jotaro: Kakyoin!
Kakyoin: Why, you...
Kakyoin: You're worth about as much 
as a sewer cockroach's dick.
Kakyoin: The idea that...
Kakyoin: you thought you could steal my wallet with
Kakyoin: the same fingers that wipe your filthy ass...
Kakyoin: I can't let you get away with that, can I?
Come on! Come on! Come on!
Jotaro: Hey! What are you doing, Kakyoin?
He's going to die.
Anne: A-Amazing. A back-breaker?
Such a vicious move!
Anne: And he's using such filthy language...
Kakyoin: Come on! Come on! Come on!
Jotaro: Kakyoin!
Jotaro: Didn't you hear me tell you to stop?!
Jotaro: Kakyoin, you bastard.
Jotaro: Something's wrong with you.
Did you get worked up?
Kakyoin: That hurt...
Kakyoin: You didn't have to push me like that.
Kakyoin: That guy tried to steal my wallet, 
which makes him a very bad person.
Kakyoin: Of course I should punish him.
Kakyoin: Am I wrong, Jotaro?
Jotaro (internal): He's...
Kakyoin: What are you glaring at?
Kakyoin: The look in your eyes is awfully hard, Jotaro.
Kakyoin: You couldn't be
Kakyoin: planning to part ways with me just because
I hurt that thief a little, could you?
girl: Hey, a rhinoceros beetle.
kid: Awesome!
boy: A rhinoceros beetle? Where?
boy: There're four of them up there.
kid: I see them!
kid: Awesome!
Kakyoin: Jojo,
Kakyoin: don't think so hard about this.
Kakyoin: I'm just a bit annoyed today.
Kakyoin: The trip's exhausted me
and left me in a bad mood.
Jotaro: You're in a bad mood?
Jotaro: Seemed to me you felt pretty good.
Jotaro: The old man and Avdol think it's a 
good idea to head to India by train.
Jotaro: We're leaving tomorrow.
Jotaro: We're taking a cable car to 
Singapore Station to reserve tickets.
Anne: Mr. Kakyoin...
Anne: Jojo's getting further ahead.
Kakyoin: R-Right. I'll catch right up.
Anne: I guess you like coconut juice 
a lot, huh, Mr. Kakyoin?
Anne: Huh?
Anne (internal): Th-That was a rhinoceros beet—
Anne (internal): N-No. I must have seen it wrong.
Anne (internal): It must have been a fiber from 
the coconut or something.
Kakyoin: Yes. I love coconuts.
Jotaro: Is something wrong?
Anne: I-It's nothing.
Kakyoin: Hey, Jotaro.
Are you going to eat that cherry?
Kakyoin: If you're not gonna eat it, give it to me.
Kakyoin: I'm starving.
Kakyoin: Uh-oh! Look out, Jotaro!
Anne: Jojo!
Kakyoin: Kidding!
Kakyoin: I'm just kidding,
Kakyoin: dear Jotaro.
Kakyoin: Lick, lick, lick, lick, lick...
Kakyoin: Lick, lick, lick, lick, lick...
Anne (internal): I-It's like Kakyoin-san's 
a totally different person!
Kakyoin: There you go again!
Kakyoin: What're you glaring at with 
that stupid look on your face,
Kakyoin: Jotaro, my buddy?
Jotaro: Get on, Kakyoin.
Jotaro: The cable car is here.
I told you to get on.
Jotaro: Here, I've got a ticket for you.
Jotaro: Take it and get yourself lost,
now that you've been possessed!
Jotaro: What?!
Kakyoin: That's not quite right.
Kakyoin: "Possessed" isn't quite right.
Kakyoin: Lick, lick, lick, lick, lick...
Jotaro: That's not Kakyoin!
Kakyoin: Haven't you realized that my 
body's been getting bigger?
Jotaro: Who are you?
Jotaro (internal): A Stand?
But I was able to touch him just now...
Jotaro (internal): Is there a Stand that I can actually hit?
Anne: Jojo!
Kakyoin: I combine with any flesh that I consume.
Kakyoin: So I'm a Stand that normal 
people can see and even touch.
Yellow Temperance: I'm Yellow Temperance, of the Temperance card.
Yellow Temperance: This is my true, handsome face!
Yellow Temperance: Come on, Jotaro, my buddy!
Yellow Temperance: Take a look at your hand.
Yellow Temperance: There's a little bit of me 
there from when you hit me.
Yellow Temperance: Let me warn you.
Yellow Temperance: If you touch that, it'll go 
after your left hand, too.
Yellow Temperance: Go ahead and pick your 
nose with that left hand!
Yellow Temperance: This is a Stand that devours things slowly...
Yellow Temperance: The more it eats, the bigger it gets.
You'll never get it off!
Jotaro: D-Damn you...
Jotaro: Come on!
Yellow Temperance: Whaddya mean, "come on"?!
Yellow Temperance: While I'm digesting you, I'll be sure
to stuff your mouth with your own shit!
Jotaro: I-It burns.
Jotaro: Y-You bastard...
Anne: Oh, J-Jojo's grandpa? There's trouble!
Joseph: Anne? What's wrong?
Anne: M-Mr. Kakyoin is...
Joseph: Kakyoin?!
Avdol: Did he actually betray us?
Anne: Mr. Kakyoin's face split apart!
Anne: But Mr. Kakyoin wasn't actually Mr. Kakyoin!
Anne: And...
Anne: Jojo's in the cable car and there's
this weird slime eating his finger 
and we're in a lot of trouble!
Joseph: Calm down! Where are you right now?
Anne: The cable car station near the trade center!
Anne: He's being attacked!
Anne: Mr. Kakyoin is attacking Jojo!
Joseph: Hurry and come back to the hotel—
Kakyoin: Did someone say my name?
Joseph: Where have you been?
Kakyoin: Jojo left me behind,
so I was sunbathing by the pool.
Avdol: With your school uniform on?
Kakyoin: Yes. So?
Joseph: It's all right. He's the real one!
Joseph: Which means, Anne, your Kakyoin is...
Joseph: a fake!
Anne: I know that!
Anne: Jojo!
Anne: Jojo just jumped out of the cable car!
Jotaro: G-Good grief.
Jotaro (internal): A Stand that combines with flesh?
Jotaro (internal): It's devouring my finger...
Jotaro (internal): Anyway, before I fight him,
Jotaro (internal): I need to do something about this Stand.
Jotaro (internal): If worse comes to worst,
I might have to chop off my finger.
Yellow Temperance: Do you really think you got away?
Yellow Temperance: Well, I guess I'd better tell you.
Yellow Temperance: Get a straw, suck out all the
gunk in your ears, and listen up.
Yellow Temperance: My Stand, Yellow Temperance,
has no weaknesses.
Yellow Temperance: It's not that you ran away.
Yellow Temperance: It's just that I don't have to chase you,
Yellow Temperance: you little shit!
Jotaro: It'll burn me, too,
but I guess I'll burn it to death.
Jotaro: This...
Jotaro: It just made it spread!
Jotaro: Heating it is a bad idea...
Jotaro: Damn it.
Jotaro: Pardon.
lady: Oh, my. Talk about a strange entrance.
Jotaro: Don't mind me.
Jotaro: Hey, kid. Lemme see your ice pop for a sec.
lady: Hey! What are you
doing to that boy's ice pop?
Jotaro: Is this your kid?
lady: No.
Jotaro: Then shut up and enjoy the scenery.
Jotaro: Sorry. When we get to the ground,
I'll buy you a new one.
kid: 'Kay.
Jotaro: If I can't heat it...
Jotaro: That bastard!
Jotaro: N-Now it's forming needles and
digging deeper into my hand!
lady: Hey, you! Fire and ice won't work at all.
lady: I told you. It doesn't have a weakness.
lady: You little shit!
You're...
boy: Papa! The puppy! The puppy!
Jotaro: You bastard! You were already in this cable car?
dad: M-My Pocky!
Jotaro: It's dangerous! Don't pull!
Jotaro: Let go!
lady: I'm here to finish you off...
Yellow Temperance: Jotaro, my buddy!
Yellow Temperance: You're fast! But...
Yellow Temperance: Like I keep telling you,
I don't have any weaknesses!
Yellow Temperance: Are you even listening to me?
Yellow Temperance: You dumbass redneck!
Yellow Temperance: My Stand is essentially an 
armor that consumes power.
Yellow Temperance: A barrier that attacks!
Yellow Temperance: No matter how fast you may be, 
no matter how strong you may be,
Yellow Temperance: it's absolutely useless 
before Yellow Temperance!
Yellow Temperance: You can't defeat me!
Yellow Temperance: You can't even run,
unless you cut off your right hand!
Yellow Temperance: Do you understand?!
Yellow Temperance: You have no way of winning!
Yellow Temperance: You can't get away!
Not until you're digested! I'll eat you up!
Yellow Temperance: Good grief.
Jotaro: This thing really doesn't have a weakness.
Jotaro: It could be the most powerful thing ever.
Jotaro: How terrifying.
Jotaro: But the Kujo family... No.
Jotaro: The Joestar family has its own philosophy
when it comes to fighting.
Jotaro: I still have
Jotaro: just one strategy left.
Yellow Temperance: What?
Jotaro: That's...
Joseph (internal): That's...
Jotaro: ...to run away!
Yellow Temperance: What the hell?!
You're in the middle of being eaten, you ass!
Yellow Temperance: My Stand's got a hold of you that you 
can't escape, and you say you'll run?
Jotaro: I may be running...
Jotaro: But I'm running into the water.
Yellow Temperance: I-I can't breathe...
Star Platinum: You opened your Stand's guard 
so you could breathe.
Star Platinum: No matter how invincible that Stand may be,
if I defeat the user, the Stand will die, too.
Jotaro: Do you understand?
Jotaro: You sure said all the crap 
you wanted to back there.
Jotaro: I'm the type that takes such things to heart.
Yellow Temperance: S-Stop...
Yellow Temperance: I can't recover anymore!
Yellow Temperance: My nose is broken.
Yellow Temperance: They're going to have to wire my jaw, too.
Yellow Temperance: DIO bought my services.
Yellow Temperance: I don't plan to risk my
life going after you people.
Yellow Temperance: There! See?
Jotaro: How about you talk?
Jotaro: Tell me about the Stand users
that are planning to attack us.
Yellow Temperance: Th-That's the one thing I can't say.
Yellow Temperance: I have some pride.
Yellow Temperance: I can't rat out my own side...
Jotaro: I see. Well, that's honorable.
Yellow Temperance: I remember now!
Yellow Temperance: Death, The Empress, The Hanged Man,
and The Emperor are the
four that will come after you!
Jotaro: I see. And what are their powers?
Yellow Temperance: I-I don't know.
Yellow Temperance: N-No, really! I really don't know!
Yellow Temperance: Stand users don't show others their powers,
Yellow Temperance: because it'd expose their weaknesses.
Yellow Temperance: B-But there is some witch
who told DIO about Stands...
Yellow Temperance: And her son is among the four.
Yellow Temperance: His name is J. Geil.
Yellow Temperance: He's a man with two right hands.
His card is The Hanged Man.
Yellow Temperance: He's the one that killed 
Polnareff's sister, isn't he?
Yellow Temperance: I've heard a rumor about his powers...
Yellow Temperance: A mirror. Apparently, he uses a mirror.
Yellow Temperance: I haven't actually seen it,
but Polnareff has no chance of winning.
Yellow Temperance: He's gonna die.
Yellow Temperance: I just realized, Jotaro...
Yellow Temperance: But it looks like the goddess 
of fortune is still on my side.
Yellow Temperance: See that drain?
There are a lot of crayfish around it.
Yellow Temperance: Take a good look.
Jotaro (internal): A manhole...
Yellow Temperance: That little drain
is connected to the manhole that's near me!
Yellow Temperance: I'm gonna pull you in and hold you there!
Yellow Temperance: Now you can't attack me!
Yellow Temperance: Looks like what I told you
about the man with two 
right hands will go to waste.
Yellow Temperance: Jotaro Kujo!
To think there was a hole so close 
that I could pull you into...
Yellow Temperance: Man, am I ever lucky!
Yellow Temperance: I even ate some crayfish and powered up.
Yellow Temperance: I'll crush you up
and turn you into jam!
Yellow Temperance: If I kill you, DIO will give 
me a hundred million dollars.
Yellow Temperance: To think I can make that much 
from a few minutes of fighting.
Yellow Temperance: Don't you think I'm pretty lucky?
You ball-less little dick!
Jotaro: Good grief.
Jotaro: It's rather hard to observe yourself.
Jotaro: Haven't you realized you
were only lucky up until now?
Jotaro: Before, you only suffered a broken nose.
Jotaro: That was when you were truly lucky!
Yellow Temperance: A water pressure punch... 
f-from inside the drain?!
Yellow Temperance: I-I was just kidding, Mr. Jotaro!
Yellow Temperance: I was just messing with ya!
I didn't mean anything by it.
Yellow Temperance: Come on, now.
Did you take it personally?
Yellow Temperance: Y-You're not thinking of 
hitting me any more, are you?
Yellow Temperance: I'm a seriously injured man...
My nose is broken and my
jaw's gonna have to be wired shut...
Jotaro: I have nothing more to say to you.
Jotaro: You're too pathetic
Jotaro: to talk to any more.
Polnareff: Good grief.
Polnareff: So we're finally heading to India.
Polnareff: So the man with two right 
hands is called J. Geil...
Polnareff: By the way, where's Anne?
Joseph: She was at Singapore Station
up until the time the train departed, but...
Avdol: I'm sure that the time for her
to meet her father had arrived,
so she went to see him.
Polnareff: I can't help but think that 
the brat was lying about
seeing her father, though...
Polnareff: Well, it's a bit lonely without 
her around, isn't it, Jojo?
Kakyoin: But talk about creepy...
A Stand that perfectly disguised itself as me.
Jotaro: Apparently, it had already
transformed when we left the hotel.
Kakyoin: Jojo, are you going to eat that cherry?
Kakyoin: I don't mean to be greedy,
but they're my favorite.
Kakyoin: Could I have it?
Jotaro: Yeah.
Kakyoin: Thanks.
Kakyoin: Lick, lick, lick, lick, lick...
Kakyoin: Hey, look, Jojo. Flamingos in flight.
Jotaro: Good grief.
Anne: Jojo...