Join us once again in Mule Hollow as our bachelor cowboy becomes an instant dad!

Confirmed bachelor Trace Crawford’s life is turned upside down when he becomes guardian to his young niece. The knowledge that a tiny girl is about to become his responsibility blasts him from happy-go-lucky to terrified. The Mule Hollow matchmakers think teacher Paisley Norton is the perfect candidate to help. But Paisley can’t forgive Trace for breaking her cousin’s heart—even though she’s secretly always had a crush on the rugged cowboy. Paisley’s got a soft heart for children, so she’ll agree to become a nanny…but when Trace asks, will she also agree to become his wife?

Originally published in 2009.

Praise for Debra Clopton

“A great story that reminds us about waiting for God’s timing and accepting what He offers us.”

—Romantic Times BOOKreviews on Her Baby Dreams

“Debra Clopton writes a terrific story with a great mix of humor and tenderness.”

—Romantic Times BOOKreviews on Dream a Little Dream

“Debra Clopton pens a warm, affectionate story about Mule Hollow. More than just the characters in this story will continue to call this place home—Clopton’s readers will find themselves doing the same.”

—Romantic Times BOOKreviews on No Place Like Home

DEBRA CLOPTON

was a 2004 Golden Heart finalist in the inspirational category, a 2006 Inspirational Readers Choice Award winner, a 2007 Golden Quill award winner and a finalist for the 2007 American Christian Fiction Writers Book of the Year Award. She praises the Lord each time someone votes for one of her books, and takes it as an affirmation that she is exactly where God wants her to be.

Debra is a hopeless romantic and loves to create stories with lively heroines and the strong heroes who fall in love with them. But most importantly she loves showing her characters living their faith, seeking God’s will in their lives one day at a time. Her goal is to give her readers an entertaining story that will make them smile, hopefully laugh and always feel God’s goodness as they read her books. She has found the perfect home for her stories writing for the Love Inspired line and still has to pinch herself just to see if she really is awake and living her dream.

When she isn’t writing she enjoys taking road trips, reading and spending time with her two sons, Chase and Kris. She loves hearing from readers and can be reached through her Web site, www.debraclopton.com, or P.O. Box 1125, Madisonville, Texas 77864.

A MULE HOLLOW MATCH

Debra Clopton

CONTENTS

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

CHAPTER ONE

For a small gal she was a real firecracker. By the flash of those emerald eyes she looked ready to explode. And all because of him.

Watching her approach from her car, Trace Crawford swiped his Stetson from his head and prepared for the worst. It was no secret that he was the last person Paisley Norton would expect or want to find standing on her porch—his sentiments exactly.

He planted his boots and, as if to mock him, his spurs jingled cheerily—ha! Nothin’ about the next few minutes promised to be cheerful.

There had been a time when he’d believed he had a pretty good head on his shoulders. Not anymore, and all of Mule Hollow was pretty much in agreement with that assumption. Applegate Thornton and Stanley Orr, the two old guys who hung out at Sam’s Diner, letting everyone know their opinion about all things good, bad and just plum stupid, certainly did. They’d voted Trace’s lapse in judgment as the “humdinger of all things plum stupid,” to quote Applegate verbatim. And Trace was in total agreement.

He wished like nothing he’d ever wished before that he could take back having asked Paisley’s cousin to marry him.

Sure, he’d been in a panic, but still, what had he been thinking?

You were thinking about your two-year-old niece. And how you didn’t and still don’t have any clue how to take care of her.

True. But still…how had he messed things up so bad?

“What are you doing here?” Paisley snapped, stepping onto her porch and edging past him.

Not wanting to give her the opportunity to slam her front door in his face, he scooted in front of her, trying to block her path. “I need your help,” he said, causing her eyes to blaze with contempt. Her chin lifted.

“No!” The air vibrated with her anger. He started to speak but she pushed him in the chest and backed him up to the porch steps.

“It’s not bad enough,” she gritted out through perfect white teeth, “that I have to see you on the streets in town. Now you’re trespassing on my property!” She yanked her arm up and pointed toward the road. “Get off. Go away. Or I’ll call Brady.”

Brady was the sheriff of Mule Hollow and a good friend. But in this instance Trace knew Brady would do his job and send him packing. And if this had been about himself alone, Trace would have stepped off that porch and been gone right then and there—he wouldn’t have come here in the first place.

But this wasn’t about him.

This was about his baby niece, and had been from the moment he’d first learned of her existence two months ago. Because she needed help he couldn’t give her, and because he was all she had in the world, he’d proposed to this spitfire’s cousin almost immediately…and that ill-fated proposal had caused all of this.

But there was no turning back now and she was going to listen to him. “I’m not going anywhere,” he said firmly, knowing his eyes were flashing some steel of their own.

She glowered as her long-lashed eyes narrowed to slits.

“Look,” he snapped, reining in his frustration, fighting to remain level headed and losing. Couldn’t she see reason? Couldn’t she at least listen instead of acting like Rambo in a skirt? “Zoey has gone through more than any little girl should have to go through. I don’t care if you hate my guts—I need your help—”

“If you came to ask me to marry you, I’m going to punch you!”

“Marry you? Whoa, lady.” His gaze slid down her battle-ready stance and he blurted out the first thing that came into his head: “That’s the last thing I’d ever do.”

The words were more of a reflex than anything. After all, popping that question had started all this trouble! He had no plans to make that mistake again. Especially with Paisley. It was safe to say she’d rather see him dragged across a patch of prickly pear cactus.

He was caught off guard when she paled, two bright spots of pink on her prominent cheekbones her only color.

“Th…then why are you here?” she asked, the green in her eyes swirling with a surprising vulnerability.

Had he embarrassed her? He had the impulse to back up and attempt to clarify his words, but he’d lost all confidence in his ability not to flub things further, so he plunged forward. Laying everything out in the open was the best option. “I came to offer you a job for the summer.”

“A job,” she scoffed. “Me work for you? Ha!”

No surprise there. He’d had the same reaction when the ladies in town had suggested Paisley was actually the perfect person for the job—how? But there were no other options. Even if Mule Hollow had an abundance of teenage babysitters, which it didn’t, a teen wouldn’t do in this instance. And for reasons he hadn’t figured out, all the older ladies were unavailable. “Circumstances have left me without options.” So here I stand, not because I want to be, but because I must be.

Suffocating weight settled over him, as if he had the whole world on his shoulders—and it was true. He had a little girl’s world sitting squarely across both shoulders. “The social worker on my niece’s case is coming out to make her final field visit and then finally I get custody of Zoey. I’m down to the wire here. I need to show I have someone reliable to care for her. I need someone to teach me what to do, because I have no clue.”

Paisley’s expression clearly said she would work for him the day pigs flew.

“Look,” he said, rubbing the cramping muscles in his neck, “I get why you’re staring at me like that. But the ladies said you needed a job and, well, you are a schoolteacher. When you aren’t talking to me, you do seem like you can be a fairly nice person.”

“Well, you’re a charmer! A regular Don Juan.”

No, he was an idiot! “I didn’t mean it that way.” He scrambled for the right words. “I’m sorry. Really, I am.”

“Well,” she snapped, her glare steamy, “at least you finally said something we both agree on. You most definitely are sorry.”

Trace nodded. “I deserved that.” She was right, after all. He’d literally run her cousin out of town with his poorly thought-out proposal. “I get that you don’t think much of me, but this is an innocent little girl we’re talking about. And, the older ladies said that I’ve caused you to be in a financial bind since I am responsible for Rene leaving town.”

Way to go, idiot. “I mean,” he tried again, “they pointed out that you being a schoolteacher and having the summer off—well, you’d be the perfect person to help me and Zoey.”

If his grandfather heard him right now, groveling, as he would have called it, the crusty old man would roll over in his grave. A man did not admit his shortcomings, especially to a woman. But all Trace could think of was Zoey and what a lousy guardian he would be. He had to get someone in his corner who knew about little girls—really knew about them. “I need someone to help care for her and teach me how at the same time.”

His insides curled up thinking about the mess his widowed grandfather had made raising him and his sister alone. Trace knew he wouldn’t do any better by Stephanie’s daughter if he didn’t get help with his newfound parenthood.

He still had a hard time realizing that his sister was dead. Or that she’d never bothered to tell him he was an uncle. He’d stopped trying to understand Stephanie a long time ago and had thought she’d hurt him as much as she possibly could. But the fact that she’d given birth and not contacted him…it cut deeper than anything she’d ever done. Anything his parents had ever done, either.

If Social Services hadn’t found him he’d have never known about Zoey. And he’d have never had the chance to help her. What were you thinking, Steph?

Had his mixed up sister hated him so much that she’d rather her little girl believe she had no relatives at all?

His heart hurt at the thought. He’d regret for the rest of his life that he hadn’t done more for Steph, but for Zoey things were going to be different. God had given him a second chance and he planned to do everything in his power to give that little girl a fair shot at life. Even if it meant begging the stubborn woman in front of him for her help. Taking a deep breath, he prayed silently for God to step into the equation and give him a hand. “Paisley, will you please help Zoey?”

* * *

For two months, two months, Paisley had been a big ball of anger and all because of this cowboy. This cowboy had ruined her and Rene’s lifelong dream of settling down in a small town and raising their families together. He’d driven her cousin out of town—killing that dream with his callous insensitivity!

“This is preposterous,” she said in disbelief, ignoring the desperation in his smoke-colored eyes. “I can’t work for you.”

Those smoky eyes mixed with his sand-colored curls and that chiseled jaw put the man in serious contention with good-looking country star Dirks Bentley. The combination of those boyish good looks and those unforgettable eyes had gotten them into this mess from the start. One look at him when she and Rene had walked into Sam’s Diner and Rene had believed she’d fallen madly in love at first sight—it had taken several weeks before Trace even seemed to notice Rene. And then when he did start dating Rene, Paisley could tell there was no hope for the relationship. The man had been leading Rene on, but there was no convincing Rene of that…just remembering made Paisley’s temperature rise.

“Please.”

“No. No way, actually,” she said. “You can’t bring a child who needs to feel safe into a situation where two people dislike each other. What could you be thinking?”

“I know what you’re saying, but I tried to find someone else and couldn’t. Everyone already has commitments, while you have almost three months free until your teaching job starts. Zoey needs you.”

Paisley had become a schoolteacher because she’d always had a heart for kids. And kids who’d been given a raw deal in life really cried out to her. Not that this gave the maddening man any excuse for hurting her cousin. Poor Rene had thought when he’d suddenly asked her to marry him that he’d fallen in love with her, too! It had been devastating for her to realize he was only looking for a mother for Zoey. Rene had felt bad for the little girl, but she’d been devastated by the knowledge that Trace wasn’t in love with her and she’d left town…and poof, just like that, no more side-by-side houses or family backyard barbeques or playtime for their future kids. Nope he’d killed that. But worst of all…he’d hurt Rene.

“Please,” he said. “I’m really sorry for hurting Rene. She didn’t deserve the pain I caused her. But, my little niece doesn’t deserve what’s happened to her, either. Does she?”

Paisley had so many reasons to stay as far away from Trace as she could get—and then he touched her arm suddenly and every nerve ending in her body went on red alert. She yanked away from him, as if she’d just gotten tangled in an electric fence. To her horror her heartbeat sped up under his soulful gaze.

“No, she doesn’t.” It was true, despite her roiling emotions.

“I’ll pay you a good wage,” he added quickly. “I won’t be around all that much—you know what it’s like during the summer. Keeping a ranch the size of Clint Matlock’s going is sometimes daylight to dark. But I’m going to try and not work so late every day. I’ve already talked with him and the foreman about needing to be home some.”

She blinked as his words sank through the fog forming in her brain. What was she thinking? The man was basically asking her to work cowboy hours. But she did need the money, and there was the poor child, innocently doomed to his care…and that was the reason for her racing heart.

He’d latched onto his hat rim with both hands and his knuckles were white…seeing him suffer gave Paisley a moment of great satisfaction. She couldn’t help pushing the issue. “You led Rene on,” she snapped. “Do you know for a brief moment she thought you’d actually fallen head over heels in love with her—which is all she ever wanted.”

No. No way could she work for this guy. Family loyalty mattered.

“I freaked out—I’m sorry. What more can I say? Have you never messed up?”

Frustration and desperation edged his voice, and Paisley didn’t feel the satisfaction she’d hoped for, but she didn’t like him any less, either.

“Look, Rene is a great woman. The best,” he continued in earnest. “She is. I respect her immensely and that’s why I asked her to marry me—for Zoey’s benefit. If that makes me a jerk, then I am. I fully admit it.” He paused, holding her gaze. “But this jerk could really use some help, and if I have to grovel I will.”

Shame infused Paisley. This macho, self-centered cowboy admitting for the sake of a little girl that he would grovel made her animosity toward him seem misdirected—selfish. It wasn’t a good feeling.

Could she willingly ignore a child’s need simply because of her own need for vindication?

She tried to harden her heart…but he’d hit her Achilles’ heel. How could she ignore the child’s needs? Her stomach rolled at the thought.

And then there was the fact that despite having her heart broken Rene was completely happy now…so did any of this matter to anyone but Paisley?

“I’ll do it,” she said, before she could change her mind. “For Zoey. Not for you in any way, shape or form. Is that understood?”

A smile exploded across Trace’s handsome face and to her horror, before she’d even finished speaking, the crazy man grabbed her up in his strong arms and spun her around!

“Rene always said you were the best!” he whooped as they spun. “Thank you! Thank you! I promise you won’t regret this.”

Dizzy, angry and totally flustered she struggled against him. “Wh…whoa!” she sputtered, pushing against his broad shoulders, glaring down into his sparkling eyes, feeling his arms wrapped around her waist. “Put me down!”

At her command he dropped her like a rock. Feeling like she’d just fallen off the merry-go-round she stumbled away from him—most assuredly not merry! When he reached to steady her she held up a shaky hand of warning. “Stay,” she snapped. She was so infuriated her pulse was pounding, her every nerve ending was sizzling with distaste.

“Rules,” she gasped, breathlessly, glaring at him and the grin plastered across his face. “The ground rules are: Don’t touch me. You got that, buster?”

CHAPTER TWO

Big mistake. Big mistake. Big mistake.

The voice inside her head was getting on her nerves the next morning as Paisley parked her car in front of Sam’s Diner—of course her nerves were shot, so it didn’t take much. But, as she stepped onto the weathered planks of the sidewalk, the droning tone was as relentless as the midsummer sun that beamed down on her. She glanced down the street at the town she’d started to call home, needing the happy feeling she always got when she looked at the welcoming place.

Mule Hollow was a darling town of clapboard buildings lining the main street. It had been painted in an array of bright colors, highlighted by bright trim, giving it a very welcoming façade made more so by the window boxes that overflowed with assorted flowers. Amazing, simply amazing, she thought as always when she looked at it. The community had taken a dusty, dying town and done the ultimate makeover. It was simply the most welcoming place she’d ever seen…but even it wasn’t making her happy this morning.

Walking into the diner, she still couldn’t believe that starting Monday she would be working for Trace. Big mistake—what would Rene think about it if she knew?

Her cousin was now happily married to Clay Preston—they were on their honeymoon this very moment…she tried to counter her conscience. It wouldn’t matter.

Maybe. Problem was, Paisley couldn’t shake the feeling that this might present an uncomfortable situation.

Paisley pushed open the heavy swinging door and entered the rustic diner. A relic from days gone by but much loved by all who frequented it. A group of cowboys were in her way, paying their bill, so she moved over to her favorite table at the window.

“Good morning, Applegate and Stanley,” she said, loudly. The two old men were hard of hearing and even harder on each other during at their daily checkers game. They seldom missed a day at the window table.

The diner was the hub of the town and Paisley enjoyed having coffee and pancakes here on Saturday mornings. She found something comforting about seeing everyone who came in and out, especially these two crusty old men with hearts as soft as marshmallows.

“Mornin’ to you, too,” App grunted, not looking up from the board. He always seemed to have a perpetual frown creasing his thin wrinkled face as he concentrated on his next move.

Stanley, the slightly plump teaser of the two, beamed at her. “Don’t mind him. He ain’t got nowhere ta go, so he’s crabby. He needs ta surrender.”

App shot his buddy a glare. “You wish, ya old coot.”

Stanley tapped his watch face with his index finger. “We gotta be at play practice in three hours, and at the rate you’re goin’, you ain’t gonna have made this move before we have to quit.”

Paisley had been just as surprised as everyone else when these two had volunteered to help run the sound and lights of the summer stock theater that one of the couples had opened. But what had been more shocking was that they were really good at it despite their hearing problems and their constant picking. “Hang in there, Applegate,” she chuckled. “I have faith in you.” She winked at Stanley, who plopped a handful of sunflower seeds into his mouth and grinned smugly.

She held a deep fondness for these two fellas in part because they’d been very good to Rene. Rene hadn’t had an easy life. While Paisley had gone off to college and gotten her degree, her cousin had gladly put her life on hold and taken care of her invalid mother for years until her death a few months back. When Paisley had been hired as a substitute teacher for the last half of the year at the rural school Mule Hollow shared with another small town, she’d talked Rene into coming with her. The tiny town sounded like the perfect place to make their childhood dreams come true.

Having been tied down for years with her mother’s home care, made working in the diner extremely good for Rene…with the exception that her infatuation with Trace Crawford had begun here.

Grudgingly, Paisley understood the attraction—even with her dislike of the cowboy, she couldn’t deny that Trace was handsome. Okay, gorgeous! One look from those dreamy eyes and what woman’s pulse wouldn’t kick it up a notch?

Which explained her reaction to him yesterday. She refused to even think for an instant that attraction was involved. The very idea was revolting, after the way he’d treated Rene.

“Paisley! Yo-hoo. Over here.”

Relieved for the distraction from her disturbing thoughts, Paisley caught Esther Mae’s wave from a booth near the kitchen where she sat with her two co-conspirators. The sixty-something dynamo with a fondness for brightly colored velour jogging outfits patted the bench beside her.

The herd of cowboys were exiting the building in a flurry of clinking spurs and clomping boots. Once they were out of the way, she crossed the room and slid into the booth. “Hi, ladies. We need to talk,” she said, without any preamble. With these three a person had to get right down to business, because they were born matchmakers and she knew a setup when she saw it.

These three ladies had “helped” several women find their soul mates. But if they thought for one minute that Trace and she…no, they just better not be thinking in that direction.

“So why did you tell Trace I needed a job?” she asked, regarding each lady with a pointed look. “He might have fallen for the ‘there was no one else with the time to help him’ bit, but I’m not that naïve.” These women gave of their time freely, helping everyone out in any way needed. There was no way they wouldn’t have made especially certain this little, orphaned girl was well cared for. Which could only lead to one conclusion.

“So, did you take the job?” Norma Sue Jenkins asked, ignoring Paisley’s probing. She was a robust cattlewoman and her husband was the foreman of Clint Matlock’s ranch—the largest one in these parts and the ranch for which Trace worked. Beneath the denim overalls beat a heart of gold…and a steamroller personality.

And that was what worried Paisley. “Yes, I took the job. But if you three are getting any ideas about me and Trace, then stop it right now. I’m helping him because I need the job and someone needs to look out for Zoey.”

Adela smiled. “We knew you would, dear. You have a wonderful heart.” A wisp of a woman, she had sparkling blue eyes so clear a person thought she could see right through them. “You are a God-given opportunity for this tiny family.”

“That’s right,” Esther Mae chimed in. “These last few months, since your cousin left town, you’ve been so miffed at Trace that you’ve been wound tighter than my Sunday girdle!”

“Esther Mae,” Applegate snorted from the front window. “If yor gonna be tellin the world about yor girdle, then give a man time ta turn off his hearin’ aid!”

“You go right ahead and turn that hearing aid off! You and your selective hearing,” a pink Esther Mae huffed, then leaned in and whispered, “I guess that was a little out of line for a public place. But you know what I mean, girls.”

“Amen to that,” Norma Sue grunted. “You wouldn’t ever catch me trying to get in one of those elastic body bands.”

Despite her determination to be firm, Paisley chuckled. “You know very well why I’ve been so upset with him. He ran Rene off!”

“Yes, we understand your anger. But the poor man didn’t really mean to hurt her,” Adela said.

“Still, he did and I’m not going to forget that…however, I am going to work for him for the summer. In all good conscience, I can’t not do it, since I really do have the time.”

Sam came over and set her plate in front of her. The diminutive man didn’t even bother to ask her what she wanted anymore. He just started cooking pancakes the minute she walked through the doorway on Saturday mornings.

“Here you are, Paisley,” he said. “And you listen to my Adela. She’s been praying about this ever since that boy found out he was get’n that little girl.”

Paisley’s heart fluttered at the love in his eyes when he smiled at Adela. Oh, to have a man love her like Sam loved Adela.

“I’ve been praying, too,” Norma Sue said. “And I have a good feeling you being there to steer Trace in the right direction is a good thing. Men don’t know nothin’, and if you haven’t noticed, he’s really shook up about it. More than most. There’s something about the boy that makes us wonder about what kind of past he’s had.”

“Look,” Paisley said, setting the syrup down with a thud. Talking about Trace’s past made her uncomfortable. “I’m not interested in the man’s past. My only concern is helping Zoey.”

Three pairs of eyes blinked at her in complete disbelief.

“Really. Ladies, surely y’all understand that I’m doing this for Zoey. If not for her I’d let the man sink—that means I don’t want any crazy matchmaking ideas.” More blinks, but they at least kept silent. “No pushing,” she warned, not getting a good vibe at all.

She’d been blunt—not that it had done any good. Oh, no. They didn’t look as if they’d heard a word she’d said. They were trying too hard to look innocent.

Ha!

“And besides,” she said, deciding to take a different route. “I have serious concerns about how healthy it will be to bring a child into a house with two people who clearly dislike each other.”

“Oh, now,” Esther Mae sighed. “It’s not as bad as all that. I think y’all are just out of sorts. Y’all would make a grand couple. Just think what pretty babies you’d have.”

“What?” Paisley gasped.

“And speaking of Trace,” Norma Sue said, looking past Paisley toward the door. “That is one fine looking cowboy. He looks like a weight has been lifted off his shoulders since I saw him yesterday. Just look at the spring in his step and the light in those gorgeous eyes. How could you even think about saying no to the man?”

“Good grief,” Paisley muttered as she twisted toward the door.

Trace had stopped to say hello to App and Stanley before heading their way with that killer smile in perfect place. Her stomach turned queasy just looking at him—of course it was nothing more than nerves. Knowing she’d committed to work for him for the next few months made her want to toss her pancakes. No doubt about it: she had a bad case of dread.

“Good morning, ladies,” he said, entirely too pleased with himself. “Did Paisley tell you she’s agreed to rescue me?”

“I’m not rescuing you,” she snapped, setting her fork down with a clatter. Food on an upset stomach would not be a good idea.

“You are rescuing me,” he reiterated, firmly. “You have no idea. I actually slept last night.”

“Oh, that is just so sweet,” Esther Mae cooed. “Did you hear that, Paisley? The poor boy hasn’t been sleeping, he’s been so worried about how he was going to take care of that precious, precious child.”

Of course she’d heard. And Paisley had to admit being that worried about Zoey was sweet.

“I hoped I’d find you here,” he said, settling grateful eyes on her. “I went by your house first.”

“Why?” she asked, more than a little aware of the looks passing between her obnoxious booth buddies—she felt like she was being offered up like a prize on the Price Is Right, for crying out loud!

“I took the day off and hoped you might go with me to pick out some things to make Zoey’s room nice. You know, girly.”

“What a lovely idea,” Adela said.

“I don’t—” she started, but gasped when Esther Mae elbowed her in the ribs.

“Sure, she’ll go,” the dastardly redhead exclaimed. “It’s for the child.”

Holding her ribs, Paisley glared from Esther to Norma Sue, hoping for some backup.

What she got was a thumbs up. “Sure, she’ll go,” the steamroller said, again plowing right over any ideas Paisley had of Norma helping her out.

Paisley rubbed her ribs and slumped in defeat. The awful truth was they were right—she needed to make certain Zoey’s room was safe for her. She let out a slow breath. “I’d be happy to go,” she said through clenched teeth. Resolved to her plight, she reached for her purse and stood up. “After all, we wouldn’t want you decorating Zoey’s room in hay bales and cowbells now, would we?”

“Nope,” he said, totally unaffected by her sarcasm. “We wouldn’t want that at all. Wait,” he said, zeroing in on her plate. “You can finish your pancakes. You haven’t taken a bite.”

She dropped her money on the table and glared at the three wretched women smiling up at her. “I’ve lost my appetite. And besides,” she said, giving him her attention, “we’ve got something much more important to do.”

“See y’all later,” Norma Sue and her cohorts called in chorus as Paisley stormed toward the exit. They would think what they wanted, so she couldn’t worry about that. Focusing on the little girl was all she could do. It was the only thing that would help her get through this fiasco!

“Allow me,” Trace said, beating her to the door despite her hurry.

She cut her eyes at him when she had to brush past. With him practically standing in her way she couldn’t help noticing the totally masculine aftershave he wore.

“Thank you,” she said, with a curt nod. As far as she was concerned he was a skunk to some extent and she would do well to remember that even if he didn’t smell like one.

“Any time,” he said, giving her a knowing smile. The rat knew—he couldn’t possibly not know—how much she was hating this whole idea. He beat her to the truck door and opened it for her also—the double rat! All the manners in the world wouldn’t change what he’d done to Rene.

She climbed into the truck, ignoring his offered hand and stared straight ahead as he closed the door. She stilled her emotions and watched him with cool eyes as he jogged around the truck and climbed behind the wheel. Being all torn up wasn’t doing her any good. It was time for business. She needed to know what specifically she was dealing with.

“Why don’t we run by your place and let me look at the house so I can see what we need to pick up today?” Her voice vibrated slightly, but considering the situation, she was pleased with herself.

“Sure,” he said, backing the truck out of the parking space. “Sounds like a good plan.”

Boy was he wrong, she thought, staring straight ahead. Nothing about this sounded like a good plan. Nothing at all.

CHAPTER THREE

“Did you hear me?”

“What?” Trace realized Paisley had spoken. “Um, no, I’m sorry. What did you say?”

They were standing in what would be Zoey’s room. It wasn’t much to see, just a bunch of secondhand furniture that had been left in the house when he’d bought it. But he wasn’t thinking about the furniture. He was lost in thought thinking about Paisley’s eyes. No longer flashing anger, those fiery eyes had become distant and as cool as the Frio River—and it was a problem.

Every time she looked at him with those flat eyes he had the urge to rile her up so the fire he’d grown used to seeing would come dancing back!

Crazy. Plain stupidity was what it was.

But now, seeing her eyes spark with a little impatient irritation—sick man that he was, his pulse kicked up. He was losing it, no doubt about it.

“I asked what your ideas were for this room.”

The room—focus, man! He blurted out the first thing that came to him. “Pillows.” Girls liked pillows, didn’t they?

Paisley eyed him suspiciously and then nodded. “Yes. Pillows are good. Not too many, though. She might have allergies. You did ask if she had allergies, didn’t you?”

A sinking feeling hit him. “I didn’t know I was supposed to.” He hadn’t asked much of anything. “Do you think she’ll have them?”

Her eyes narrowed accusingly. “I guess they would have informed you of medical needs whether you asked or not.”

“Yeah. Hopefully.” A good parent—a responsible parent—would have immediately asked if Zoey had any medical problems.

Paisley’s expression said she agreed with him wholeheartedly. “I’ve seen enough. I’m ready if you are,” she said and was out the door like a woman on a mission.

With feet of lead he followed. She had no idea how not ready he was for any of this…and four hours later, pushing a buggy through a large chain store, he wasn’t any more ready. Watching as she threw all kinds of colorful items in he was more uncomfortable and inept feeling than ever.

“You see, all of these curtains and even this sparkly material I’m buying for decoration are washable,” she informed him, and then, like she’d done over and over again, she immediately headed off in search of her next find.

The woman had a plan and she was working it. No hesitation. No second guesses. And as she did it, she kept her distance, only talking to him when needed. Hitting him with those cool, assessing eyes when she did speak to him…and it was starting to add to his already stressed out nerves.

But he could handle it, he told himself. It meant if she applied the same diligence from shopping to her job, then Zoey—and he for that matter—was in great hands. The woman could concentrate like nothing he’d ever seen, and he liked that about her. As he rounded the corner, Paisley had just stepped onto a rickety shelving unit to reach for a lamp from the top shelf. The entire shelving unit—four rows of lamps—wobbled!

“Hey,” he protested, springing forward. “What are you thinking?” he demanded, just as the unsteady lamp toppled, heading straight for her. He dove, snagged her around the waist and swung her out of its path.

“Put me down!” she exclaimed, kicking him in the shin! “I told you, no touching.”

He caught the lamp—no thanks to her—and growled, “Cut it out.” It felt like his college football days all over again. “You didn’t have to kick me! Can’t you see I was only saving your neck?” He glared down at her and, despite his throbbing leg, he chuckled. The woman was something…and all the fire was back in her eyes in a blaze of glory.

Her heart pounded erratically against his and her eyes narrowed. Clearly she was not happy about being held so close. Of course his chuckling didn’t help, but he was captivated by the feel of her in his arms. Her eyes suddenly flickered to his lips!

His arms reacted all their own, tightening around her instantly. For a moment he couldn’t move.

“Put me down.”

Her clenched-teeth demand sliced through his insanity, and he lifted his gaze to meet cold eyes.

“I told you—no touching.”

He set her on her feet, pronto, and stepped away.

“I could have gotten that,” she huffed, as her green eyes popped against her now rose-glow complexion.

She was dynamite. Call him stupid, but he grinned. He couldn’t help it. The woman was cute as all get-out when she was mad. And yes, he’d thought about kissing her. She had been in his arms looking up at him. It had been a totally natural reaction. One he’d put the brakes on immediately. He might find her attractive, but kissing her…that was out of the question.

“What are you smiling for?” she demanded.

“I’m sorry,” he said. “But when you’re mad your eyes do this great fire-and-flash thing. It’s really cool.”

“It’s cool? You make me mad, grab me up when I told you no touching and then you say it’s cool! Who do you think you are?”

“Hey now, just a blamed minute,” he said, making a timeout sign with his hands. Sure, he shouldn’t have grinned or thought all that other stuff, but she was out of line. “Look, you’re the one stomping around barely speaking to me. If you’d just asked me to get that lamp in the first place, I wouldn’t have had to save you from bringing it crashing down on your head.” He looked at the lamp in his hand, as some sort of evidence.

Her lips flattened and he could tell she was holding back a zinger. But to her credit she contained it. “You’re right,” she said instead, after a considerable pause.

The admittance didn’t make him feel good, though. The woman really thought he was a number one jerk. The number one jerk. “Look,” he said, gauging his words. He was at risk of running her off and he could see it. “In the future, since you’re going to be at the house and all, if you need me to do something, just ask.” He gave a small smile of encouragement and worried he shouldn’t have when she frowned. He had to try and get her past the anger she felt toward him. “C’mon,” he said, striving to sound lighthearted. “We’ve got things to buy and then you’ve got to show me what in the world to do with all this stuff. I’m clueless.”

She was waffling, he could tell as her expression softened—she was a sensible woman, after all. She was a teacher, for goodness sakes. He gave her an encouraging smile, his hopes rising. And then he did it…what came natural to him under usual circumstances; he gave her a good ole Texas wink—oh, man!

“You just winked at me,” she said. “Of all the unbelievable nerve.”

“I didn’t mean to. I’m sorry—”

“Oh, so you’re telling me you had something in your eye.”

“No, nothing’s in my eye. I just winked at you. It didn’t mean anything. Really, it didn’t.”

Paisley could not believe this man! Spinning away she stormed down the aisle, needing space. The squeak of the buggy wheels told her he was following her. At the checkout counter she started pulling things out of the buggy and tossing them on the conveyor belt. She couldn’t unload things fast enough! The man was now flirting with her? Wasn’t that what the winking was all about? And he’d grabbed her—twice.

Sure she’d knocked that lamp off the top shelf, but really, grabbing her and yanking her up against his chest was totally uncalled for. Totally!

“You okay, honey?” the middle-aged checker asked.

Paisley snatched a bottle of shampoo from the buggy and smacked it onto the counter with a thud. “I’m fine,” she muttered, glancing at the woman’s name tag. “Evelyn,” she said more calmly. None of this was Evelyn’s fault, so she didn’t deserve to be treated badly.

Evelyn cut sharp eyes at Trace. “You ought to be. That’s one fine-looking man you got there.”

Paisley’s mouth fell open. “Oh, no. No way. He’s not my man.” She shot Trace a glare that dared him to speak. He didn’t. He just gave Evelyn that winsome smile, which made Paisley’s temperature soar another notch.

Evelyn, on the other hand, grinned at him and sighed heavily as she grabbed an item and dragged it across the scanner without looking at it. How could she? Her eyes were glued to Trace.

“Oh, brother,” Paisley muttered, returning to snatching things out of the buggy and throwing them on the counter. The man just looked at women and they lost all common sense!

“Made you mad, did he?” Evelyn asked.

Paisley scowled at the nosey woman. She had no intention of discussing why she disliked Trace with a total stranger. This was the checkout line, after all. Sadly, the woman took her silence as agreement.

“It’s a cryin’ shame that most of the lookers are jerks,” she said.

Finally someone agreed with her! What a sweet woman. “Isn’t it, though,” Paisley said, looking at Trace’s befuddled expression as she grabbed the comforter, handed it to Evelyn and then snatched the lamp out of his hands.

Evelyn made a clucking sound and gave Trace the once-over again. “What do you have to say for yourself?”

Paisley almost laughed at the woman’s over-the-top inquisition.

“Well, I’ve apologized. What’s a guy supposed to do?” he said, probably shocked to find his smile hadn’t quite worked out like he’d thought it would.

Evelyn cut him off with the total for the items, holding out her hand.

Trace scowled, dug out his wallet and handed over the cash. After a few seconds they were done and pushing the buggy out the door.

“Hold your ground, honey,” Evelyn called after her, and Paisley couldn’t help chuckling. It was one more ridiculous moment to add to an altogether bizarre experience so far.

“So what was that all about?” Trace asked as soon as they reached the truck.

Paisley opened her door and climbed in without even offering to help him unload the bags. “Women as a whole don’t like to be stepped on. We tend to stand together on issues like that.” She went to yank the door shut, but he grabbed it and held fast.

“You aren’t going to let this go, are you?”

“No. You’re the kind of guy who thinks a cute smile and a wink will get you whatever it is that you want. I take offense at that kind of an attitude. Evelyn agreed.”

She expected a comeback but got only a thoughtful stare from his stormy-weather eyes. After a couple of pulse beats he closed the door and finished loading the bags in silence. When he walked around to his side of the truck and climbed in, he still didn’t say anything.

And all the way home he remained silent. Good, she thought. Maybe something she’d said had gotten through to him. You couldn’t walk all over a woman’s feelings and then expect a puny apology to fix things.

No matter how good-looking a man you were.

* * *

“Look, I know you dislike me. I know you don’t think highly of me. And I know all the way back to town you’ve been sitting over there deciding to quit.”

They were still sitting inside the truck, which he’d just pulled to a stop at the back of his house. They’d ridden the hour from Ranger to Mule Hollow in silence. Paisley had needed the silence. Now she leveled serious but calm eyes on him.

“That would mean Zoey would be left hanging…and we both know she doesn’t deserve that.”

“But I do,” he said, and smiled.

“If the shoe fits. And I didn’t say that to make you smile. Do you ever take anything seriously?”

“Oh, I’m serious. I’m smiling because you’re staying to help me with Zoey. Thank you. That’s my sole focus. You won’t believe this but I’m nervous and it makes me react in stupid ways.” He reached for the door handle. “I promise to try not to upset you anymore. Now, let’s get to work. I have to move and dismantle the big bed that’s in Zoey’s room so I can set up her youth bed. That will keep me out of your way for a little while. How does that sound?”

“Great,” she said, opening her door. She hopped out and helped unload the bags and carry them inside. On the porch was a large package with a UPS label on it.

“Youth bed,” he said as he opened the screen and pushed the back door wide. He waited for her to lead the way inside.

She brushed past him hating the fact that when her arm touched his she felt like she’d stepped into a frying pan. Shocked again by how she reacted to his touch, she was thankful that he was staring at the package on the porch completely unaware of her. This time she couldn’t blame the sensation of awareness on bad behavior on his part, which only made her more angry at him and furious with herself. She refused to acknowledge that the man could stir her senses. She refused to be another one of his easy targets.

“The youth bed was a good idea,” she said, walking into the house and straight into the living room. There she dropped her bags on the couch. Trace brought the rest of the packages in and then took the UPS box to the back room and went to work. She did too.

On the trip back into town she’d had to do some major soul searching.

Positively Zoey needed someone in her corner other than her hopeless uncle. Maybe she was overreacting, but she was questioning everything about this job. One question weighed the heaviest on her mind. Was helping him gain full custody of his niece was really in the girl’s best interest?

As she pulled furniture wax, pillows and an array of other items from their bags, the question plagued her. Working in the living room alone gave her the space to think. She sent a prayer up that the Lord would give her some kind of peace about what she was doing.

CHAPTER FOUR

Paisley soon realized that though Trace was out of sight, he wasn’t out of mind and definitely not out of earshot. He was fond of Brooks and Dunn tunes but she had a feeling that if Kix and Ronnie heard his rendition of “Boot Scootin’ Boogie” they might pay him not to whistle it!

She was seriously considering doing that herself. But she wouldn’t, because, oddly enough, his whistle-while-you-work attitude gave her some peace. It showed her that he was actually enjoying himself back there. As upset and angry at him as she was, there was no denying that the man seemed sincere about making things perfect for Zoey. Which reminded her why she’d gone to the store with him in the first place.

Paisley moved around the living room, waxing tables, resituating furniture and began cleaning out a chest she found in the corner. It would make a perfect toy chest. And all the while she worked she wondered about the man in the other room.

He seemed completely out of touch with the softer side of life; his bare “bunkhouse” decorating style proved that, but he was determined to make it right for Zoey. And, despite everything, that was the reason Paisley hadn’t completely given herself over to the fact that she was making a mistake helping him gain custody of Zoey.

Feeling more content with her decision, she worked diligently. There was a lot to be done before Zoey arrived.

She’d just draped the new, red throw over the back of the couch and walked into the kitchen when he came up the hall with the wooden headboard from the adult bed. Seeing that his arms were full, she rushed toward the back door to open it for him.

“Thank yo—” he said, but the words died midstream as his gaze locked on the living room over her shoulder. He set the headboard down with a thud. “Is that my living room?”

She fought a smile, really fought it because she didn’t want to smile at that man. But the smile battled through and her lips turned up on both ends. How could she not smile? He was looking at her handiwork with the awe of a kid who’d just gotten his very first pony! His expression was so delighted that she turned to survey the room again. It was the same room, but the furniture now gleamed bright and smelled of lemon. She’d placed pillows and throws across the couch and a colorful rug, along with a couple of real plants. And in the corner she’d placed the small chest, now full of toys. In that same corner was a pint-size table with coloring books she thought Zoey might enjoy.

“I’m not finished, but I think it’s looking cozy,” she said, glancing up at Trace. Her shoulder was brushing his and she stepped slightly away, ignoring the way her skin tingled.

“Cozy. No joke! It’s gone from looking like the inside of a tack room to a room that a little girl can be nurtured in.”

Paisley turned to him. “I promise you, Zoey will be nurtured while I’m here.” He looked pensive at her words.

“Please don’t take that wrong. I didn’t mean any disrespect to you.”

“I didn’t,” she said. “I’m just saying you don’t have to worry about that.”

“Believe me, the one thing I’m not worried about is you,” he said. “I know you’ll do great by her. It’s me I’m worried about. Honestly, I know all there is to know about taking care of a calf or a colt. You know, what they need in order to grow up strong and healthy. But a little girl…”

Touched, Paisley felt compelled to reassure him. “Relax. You’ll do just fine.” He didn’t look too sure but picked up the headboard and walked away, giving her a small smile as he went. There was nothing flirtatious in the smile. It was more from uncertainty—nervousness. The man was a puzzle. She watched him far longer than she should have as he headed toward the barn. A puzzle she had no business wondering about, she reminded herself as she hurried back to work.

However, her thoughts weren’t cooperating and went immediately to a small box of professional photos she’d found buried at the bottom of the chest she’d cleared out for Zoey’s toys. They were several action shots of Trace competing at different rodeos. The fact that he’d hidden them beneath a trunkful of old horse magazines instead of hanging them on the wall made her think he wasn’t as full of himself as she’d thought. Maybe.

She’d lain them on the coffee table, as if she’d been dealing cards, not sure what to do with them. Now she gathered them up and headed toward the kitchen and slid them into a drawer. But not before pausing to riffle through them again. He was riding bulls in several of the shots, and just looking at him on top of those animals made her heart stop. She had to admit that though she knew nothing about bull riding, he did look like he had everything under control. He was stretched back, one arm gripping the rope and the other flung out for balance. It was breathtaking and dangerous, and she couldn’t seem to stop gawking at them. The other photos were of him doing what she thought they called steer wrestling. He was flinging himself out of his saddle going after the steer. In others shots he’d taken hold of the animal and was wrestling it to the ground by hooking his arms around the animal’s horns, planting his boots and twisting. While these shots weren’t so dangerous looking, they still showed Trace Crawford “the cowboy” off to perfection. He was agile, athletic and by the look on his face extremely dedicated to accomplishing the task at hand…and now, he was putting all that intense focus on making a home for a little girl who had no home or mother.

He still acted like a jerk too many times to count, but not where Zoey was concerned. Maybe it was nerves. Of course, nerves might be excusable in some instances, but that still didn’t get him off the hook where Rene was concerned.

* * *

“Here she comes,” Paisley said on Thursday. She and Trace were standing beside each other on the porch watching as a car turned into his drive. The man had very nearly paced a hole in the porch while they’d been waiting for Zoey to arrive.

The last few days had been busy as they’d transformed his house into a home. The social worker, a Mrs. Reynolds, had come out on Tuesday and to his complete shock she’d given him the official nod—which paved the way for Zoey to arrive today. When Mrs. Reynolds gave him the news Paisley had never seen a man so relieved and surprised and scared in all of her life.

She’d been forced to spend much time with him, getting the house in order and she’d thought the seal of approval had helped him relax a bit. But watching him now, pacing a hole in his porch, she wondered if maybe she should have spent time getting him in order.

He looked petrified as he spun toward her. “Do I look all right? I mean, do I look—do you think she’ll like me? I’m not going to scare her, am I?”

Even knowing how nervous he was, his statement was unexpected. “Of course you won’t scare her,” she said, then shocked herself by taking his hand and squeezing. “She is going to love you,” she assured him. Not that it did any good. He still looked like he was about to go over the edge of a cliff as his gaze shifted back to the car stopping in the drive. Paisley let go of his hand and expected that he would walk off the porch to greet Mrs. Reynolds, but he didn’t move.

Mrs. Reynolds hustled over to them, her arms pumping, and with the harried look of a woman with much to do and not enough time to do it.

“I have her things,” she said in a rush. “If you’ll unload the trunk while I get her out of her car seat that would be good. Remember that I said she is a quiet one. But I think with time she’ll come out of her shell. Normally I would stay while she acclimates but I’ve had a call that I’m needed elsewhere. There is an emergency case. I’m going to take charge of several children.” She spun and sped back toward the car.

“But aren’t you going to stay long enough to help her settle in?” Trace called after her, finally moving as he followed with apparently lead-filled boots.

“You don’t need me. Per my preliminary visit, you’re prepared. Zoey is in very capable hands. And you have Miss Norton’s help,” Mrs. Reynolds rattled off over her shoulder. “Have no fear. You’ll all settle in together.”

He halted and looked back at Paisley, so alarmed she imagined him screaming, “What do you mean have no fear?”

“But I do need her,” he said instead.

Paisley’s brow furrowed. This was ridiculous! What was wrong with him? “Will you relax? She can’t help it if she has to go. Kids need her more than you,” she hissed under her breath, not wanting Mrs. Reynolds to hear. “It’s going to be fine. Go unload the trunk and pull yourself together.”

Grim faced he strode toward the trunk while she went to watch Mrs. Reynolds lift Zoey from her car-seat into her ample arms.

Zoey had long, sandy-blond ringlets that hung nearly to her shoulders and big, serious eyes that immediately reminded Paisley of Trace’s. The clear hazel tone mingled with brown was so like his that Paisley would have known this was his niece or even his daughter if they’d been in a roomful of twenty children. She was darling.

Trace eased around the back of the car with a small suitcase in his hand and stopped dead in his tracks, staring at Zoey. His expression was heart wrenching, even to Paisley, as he took in the sight of his niece for the first time. He seemed to stop breathing, and in the bright sunlight the gleam of tears was unmistakable in his eyes. Paisley swallowed hard and felt tears pool in her own eyes. She was mesmerized by the emotions radiating off of Trace. She expected by his expression that he would swing Zoey into one of his exuberant hugs at any moment…only he didn’t move. Instead he shifted lost eyes to Paisley.

In that instant Paisley realized that something was wrong.

Really, terribly wrong.

All this time she’d put his actions off as a scared bachelor navigating the new waters of unexpected parenthood…yes, she’d believed he was going a little overboard with his reactions. But now, looking at his complete lockdown, she understood his fear went deeper than ever she’d expected.

Zoey was clinging to a rag bunny but looking at him with bright eyes. Paisley was afraid he was going to scare her after all.

“Zoey, this is your Uncle Trace,” Mrs. Reynolds said, so intent on getting to the emergency case waiting for her that she was oblivious to the fact that she had one happening right in front of her. She stood the poor child on the ground and spoke to her like she was old enough at two years to understand what was happening to her. “Like I told you before, honey, you’ll be living with him now. Isn’t that wonderful?”

Trace set the case down but made no other move—at least he wasn’t running away. Paisley willed him to say something, to reach out and give Zoey a hug. Or at least bend down to her level and say something to make her transition easier. It was evident in her face that she was growing more and more uncomfortable with the situation. Instead he just stood as rigid as a frozen flagpole.

Mrs. Reynolds’ brow bunched, but she kept on trying. “Zoey, say hello to your Uncle Trace,” she urged, more firmly.

“’Lo,” Zoey murmured obligingly in a tiny voice that ripped at Paisley’s heart.

Trace finally reacted! “Hi,” he croaked, but he still didn’t make a move!

Mrs. Reynolds glanced at her watch and then shut the door to the car. She was ready to leave. Paisley couldn’t stand the look that flashed in Zoey’s eyes as she stared at that closed door. It was as if she dreaded once more being left on this side of it with total strangers. Even at her age she understood that much.

A flashpoint of anger swept through Paisley, and unable to stand it any longer she stepped in and took charge of the deteriorating situation. It was similar to how she would have handled a child who wasn’t ready to let go of a parent on the first day of school.

What in Trace Crawford’s background would explain his behavior? Kneeling down to Zoey’s level Paisley smiled warmly. “Hi, Zoey. I’m Paisley, and I’m going to be taking care of you. I think we are going to be great friends. What’s your bunny’s name?”

A flicker of warmth moved through her eyes as she glanced from Paisley to her rag bunny. Paisley ached to pull her into an embrace.

“Friend,” Zoey said in her two-year-old voice as she held out the bunny. The word came out sounding more like Fa-wind, but it was clearly understandable. The bunny was her friend…her comfort, too, Paisley could see.

“What a perfect name,” she said. “How about you, Friend and I go up to the house for cookies and milk? I’m going to be your friend, too, okay?”

Zoey shot a hesitant look Trace’s direction, then nodded.

“Can I pick you up?” Paisley asked her and was relieved when the tot gave her another tiny nod. Paisley had wanted to give her a hug from the moment she’d seen her and now she did just that. And to her surprise Zoey hugged back and didn’t let go, clinging to Paisley with more strength than she’d thought possible for a little girl. Holding her tight, Paisley stood up with her in her arms and shot the statue a scathing glare, but she kept her words light for Zoey’s ears. “We are going for cookies while y’all get everything else figured out. How does that sound?” she asked Mrs. Reynolds, but at this point she wasn’t really interested in what the woman or Trace had to say. She was here for Zoey and suddenly very thankful that God had brought her, even if it was kicking and screaming, into this situation.

“Perfect,” the other woman gushed. “I’ll leave here knowing I’ve left Zoey in capable hands.”

“You can be sure of that,” Paisley assured her and marched toward the house.

She could hear a baffled Mrs. Reynolds asking Trace if he was okay. Paisley couldn’t hear his reply as she mounted the steps and opened the screen, but she would…he could count on that.

The man had frozen.

On one hand she was furious with him, but on the other she knew she’d seen real emotion in his eyes and knew he cared. There was more here than she’d realized when she took on this job, but you could bet the bank that she was going to get to the heart of the matter.

CHAPTER FIVE

Trace watched Mrs. Reynolds’ car disappear out of sight. What was wrong with him! He’d just stood there. He was a real piece of work, standing there like an oaf.

But when he’d looked at her, holding her bunny…he’d seen Steph. It had been a slam in the gut, and all the air had gone out of him and he just hadn’t been able to get it back. Zoey looked just like her mother had when she’d been that age. And not only had seeing the resemblance caused his trepidation to be all the more painfully present—it was as if he was looking at a fresh canvas. Perfect. Unflawed…like Steph had been when their life had fallen apart. He’d seen firsthand that when it came to his sister the portrait hadn’t ended up pretty. He pushed the depressing thoughts away and trudged up the steps to ease open the door.

All his life he’d felt like he’d failed his big sister, and the fact that she’d kept Zoey from him said she thought he would fail her daughter, too. For months now the knowledge had been eating at him but it hadn’t actually hit him until he saw Zoey. Steph may have known exactly what she was doing when she’d not told anyone about him—had felt like she was protecting Zoey from a similar upbringing as she’d had? Or could it simply have been for spite?

The questions plagued him as he set Zoey’s suitcase in the hall and headed slowly toward the kitchen and the sound of Paisley’s voice.

The one thing he knew for certain at the moment, the thing he had absolutely no questions about was that he owed Norma Sue, Adela and Esther Mae hugs of gratitude the next time he saw them! They had made the right call when they’d talked him into asking Paisley for help. Without her, a few minutes ago he’d have been doomed.

Pausing at the door, he took a deep breath to steady his nerves. For goodness’ sake, his insides were more torn up than they’d been after being tromped on three years ago by an angry bull. That bull had crushed ribs, torn ligaments and bruised his spleen—it had been so bad Trace decided his bull riding days were over…and now to think a tiny tot could rival all of that. But it was true.

He stood in the hall and listened to what was being said in the next room as he tried to get himself ready to start this new life. Ready or not it was here.

“I like to dip mine,” Paisley was saying.

There was no reply, but Paisley chuckled. The sound was pure and lovely and his heart lurched in his chest when it was answered by a very small giggle from Zoey. Trace grinned automatically at the sound. He thanked God again, sure that Paisley was not only going to save the day but save the entire situation. She gave him a sense of hope.

“Let’s dip another one while we wait for your Uncle Trace. I know he’s around here somewhere very close.”

She was onto him. He took a breath and squared his shoulders—and prayed for help. God had sent him Paisley. Now if He would just send Trace wisdom and a voice of his own.

“There he is,” Paisley said brightly, giving him a questioning glare as he rounded the corner—it brought him up short for a second. She might have saved the day, but he knew his reckoning was coming.

He crossed to the table and tried to smile, but his face felt stiff and his throat was about as dry as a dirt arena in August. But he would speak this time.

“Hi, Zoey,” he said past the log lodged in his throat. She looked up at him from her chair and he felt like he was a giant looking down into her wide eyes. Paisley was sitting, too. He did what he’d seen Paisley do outside and dropped to one knee in front of Zoey. His arms ached to hug her, he felt so unworthy and she stared at him.

“Trace, guess what,” Paisley said, cheerfully, drawing him to look at her.

“What?” he asked, seeing questions in her eyes.

“Zoey really likes hugs. She told me Friend does, too. How about you? Do you like hugs?”

He nodded, glancing at Zoey. In that instant, by the shy smile of a tiny little girl, he lost his heart irrevocably—which made his shortcomings all the more unbearable.

“I like hugs very much,” he managed, but his voice cracked. This was his niece. His sister’s child. His flesh and blood. “Can I hug you?” he asked, and Zoey held out her arms. Friend was dangling from one hand. Feeling like he’d never felt before, Trace leaned in and gently hugged her close. She smelled like chocolate chip cookies and milk mixed with the sweet scent of baby shampoo. Her curls tickled his nose as over her head he met Paisley’s steadfast gaze. Her eyes were bright with unshed tears as he mouthed the words “thank you.”

He owed her a debt of gratitude that he could never repay, and this was only the beginning. As he let go of Zoey and took the seat beside her he wondered what he was going to owe Paisley by the end of the summer.

The old fears crowded at the back of his mind like a herd of cattle trying to get through a closed gate. But he held fast and concentrated on the moment.

“Would you like your Uncle Trace to show you your room?” Paisley asked.

Zoey nodded and gave him a heart-melting smile.

He stood and lifted her out of the chair and set her on her sandal-clad feet. He thought about carrying her but decided not to. When she slipped her tiny hand into his and looked up at him with all the trust in the world his throat clogged up again and he felt like he’d just been kicked in the gut.

“Do you like to play with dolls?” he forced himself to ask but felt his forehead dampen. She nodded but didn’t speak as they left the kitchen.

Paisley followed them down the hall, but halfway along he moved to the side. “You go in first,” he told her. If the payoff for all her hard work was seeing the expression on Zoey’s face when she walked into the room she’d created for Zoey, then he wanted Paisley to reap that reward. She certainly deserved it.

And he needed a second to get his bearings. He could do this. He was doing this. Paisley was here, helping, coaxing.

She smiled like she understood and swept past them. “Oh, thank you,” she said, dramatically. “I can’t wait to play!”

“Me, too,” Zoey said with animation lighting her pixy face. She led the way into the room but stopped just inside the door and her eyes grew wider than pancakes. A gasp escaped her lips. He knew the feeling, he’d experienced it the night he’d come home and walked in after Paisley had worked all day decorating it. The curtains were pink and fluffy, the bedspread on the miniature bed was some kind of soft inviting fabric with sparkling threads running through it. The lamp Paisley had almost risked life and limb to buy was on the bedside, making little stars on the ceiling—how it did that in the daylight was a mystery to him, but they were there. And while all of this was wonderful, it was the corner of the room that held Zoey’s attention. That was where the tent of shimmering material had been erected, and inside the large tented area were the dolls and all the things a doll could ask for.

Paisley’s hand went to her heart as she saw the look of awe on Zoey’s face.

Without hesitation Zoey walked inside the tent, laid her bunny in the tiny baby bed and fixed the covers around him. Then she sat down in front of the dolls, picking one up and then another.

Moving to stand beside Paisley, Trace couldn’t stop himself from slipping his arm around her waist and squeezing—he needed the contact himself and hoped she wouldn’t kick him. “I think she likes it,” he said softly.

She looked up at him with misty eyes that took his breath. Suddenly a spark of challenge vaporized the moisture and she grinned mischievously. “Thanks,” she said, slipping out of her sandals. “Now take your boots off, buster. It’s time to play.”

“Play?” he said in surprise.

She grasped his hand and pulled him toward the tent and asked, “You do know how to play, right?”

“With dolls?”

She nodded. “You have to play with dolls if you’re going to be a daddy to a little girl.”

Daddy. His feet planted themselves on the hardwood. “I don’t know about playing dolls!”

“But you will,” Paisley laughed. “Don’t look so serious. This is going to be fun.”

He was sweating bullets and seriously in fear that he was going to pass out, and she was telling him this was fun. “Fun,” he croaked and swiped his forehead with his shirtsleeve.

Paisley’s brows dipped and she slipped her arm in his. “Men!” she said and yanked him forward. “Relax, macho man, you might enjoy it.”

CHAPTER SIX

“You hold,” Zoey said, pushing a doll into Trace’s hands the second he sat down inside the tent.

He clumsily took the fat, rubber baby doll and the bottle Zoey thrust into his hands. When the child stood back and blinked big eyes at him, he looked so adorably lost—well…lost certainly. He was scared stiff.

Paisley had thought that giving him a few minutes to get his act together would help, and it had—for about a second. She felt as if she were running hurdles where he was concerned—she’d get over one hurdle and then another would be waiting.

“Put the bottle in its mouth,” she instructed him. “Now rock the baby.” Looking more like a father who’d just been handed his newborn infant than one handed a doll, he did as he was told.

Zoey watched as Trace put the bottle in the doll’s mouth and gave her his best smile—that in itself was a plus. But Zoey didn’t return the smile. Instead she gave him a crisp nod of satisfaction, turned to another doll and thrust that at Paisley, with a tiny baby blanket. Again she watched expectantly.

Paisley, hoping to reassure her, gently wrapped the doll in the blanket then cradled it close. “What a sweet baby you are,” she said, rocking gently.

Zoey’s lips curled up slightly at the ends and then, satisfied that her babies were taken care of, she scanned the other things inside the canopy. Spotting the tiny red rocking chair, she daintily sat down and proceeded to watch them with serious eyes.

Trace looked at Paisley like a lost puppy. One minute she wanted to strangle the man and then she wanted to put her arms around him and tell him everything was going to be all right.

Boy, was that not happening! Not happening at all!

“Zoey is getting used to us, I think,” she said instead, focusing. The little girl’s quietness worried her some, but she didn’t say that just yet. She honestly didn’t think Trace could handle anything but encouragement.

“Don’t you want to rock a baby?” she asked, but Zoey shook her head emphatically.

“Then you rock and we’ll take care of the babies. Right, Uncle Trace?”

Trace’s forehead creased and his jaw tensed more—if that were possible. She nodded at him, willing him as she’d been doing from the first moment to add something encouraging to the conversation. He had to participate. He had to loosen up.

“Yeah,” he said finally. “We’ll rock them.” He proceeded to rock the doll, causing Paisley to bite back a chuckle. The man needed guidance, and the doll was going to need traction.

She couldn’t take it anymore. She needed to talk to Trace and poor Zoey had to be tired, so Paisley decided it was time for a lullaby and began softly singing. Zoey didn’t need much encouragement to fall asleep. Almost instantly she crawled from the chair and snuggled down beside the dolls on the soft blanket. Paisley gently smoothed her hair and patted her back.

The minute her eyes closed, Trace was out of the tent and out of the room.

He didn’t even wait for Paisley to get up.

This man…the same man whose pictures in the drawer testified that he rode thousand-pound, rampaging bulls with the finesse and ease of a master! Could he truly be terrified of a little girl coming into his life, or was there more?

It was time for answers.

She found him on the front porch pacing like a high school basketball coach. He was rubbing the back of his neck, like she’d realized he did when he was stressing. The instant she closed the door he swung toward her.

“What was I thinking?” he growled and resumed pacing. “Did you see how she was looking at me? She’s an innocent little girl—what do I know about raising a little girl? She’s going to need special care. She’s going to need guidance. She’s gonna need things I can’t give her! What an idiot—”

“Stop!” Paisley snapped and stepped in front of him. “What is your problem?” she asked. “It is terribly obvious something more serious than new-daddy jitters is going on here. Don’t you think it’s time to clue me in?”

He swallowed hard but instead of opening up he turned deep eggplant and stalked off the porch toward the barn.

“Wait, Trace!” she called, jogging after him. When he kept plowing forward she grabbed his arm, intending to swing him around to face her, but he was so intent that she just ended up being pulled along beside him. “Something is up with you,” she said, stumbling to hang on to him, determined to get him to talk. “I don’t know what it is, but I do believe I deserve an answer. You hired me to help. How can I help if I don’t know the score? It’s time to come clean to me about why you have been in such a panic since the day you found out you were getting this sweet little girl.”

He stopped at the corral and stared at the mare and newborn colt inside. Tension radiated from every rigid line of his body. Paisley’s heart was jumping against her ribs, and without another thought she let go of his arm and placed a hand between his shoulder blades and rubbed soothingly. His muscles bunched beneath her palm and he sucked in a deep breath.

“Talk to me,” she urged.

It was unseasonably hot for the last week of May and the afternoon sun beat down on them. It did nothing to compare to the heat in Trace’s eyes when he suddenly swung around to look at her. Raging hot anger glared back at her.

“I can’t do this,” he gritted out. “What was I thinking?”

Paisley took a step back as if he’d slapped her. The gutless whiner! She’d been feeling sorry for the guy, but this—this wasn’t happening. “I don’t know what your problem is, buddy, but this pity party you have going on has to stop.”

“Pity party?” Disbelief rang in his voice. “Is that what you think this is? Believe me, it’s not for me but for her. For having to live with me, a man who has no way of giving her the guidance she is going to need to become a good woman. Stephanie was right not to let me know about her daughter. Zoey would have been better off in foster care—”

The last words were barely audible and they tore at Paisley with the earnest honesty of them. He truly believed he was going to fail Zoey—what was up with that? “I hadn’t expected this out of you,” she snapped. “Why do you insist on defeat when you’ve only just begun?” She wanted to grab him by the collar and shake him, but instead she put her fists on her hips and stared at him.

“Please don’t shout. You’ll wake Zoey up and I’m not ready,” he said in all seriousness.

“Start talking or I will shout,” she warned, though she really wouldn’t have. Zoey didn’t need to see him like this, either.

He rubbed his neck and then leaned back, one booted foot propped against the steel pipe rail of the corral. He took another deep breath, as if marshalling his thoughts.

He made a stunning portrait, like the cover of a book or a country western music CD. He was beautiful—in a completely manly way. But the man had to have more inside him than just this appealling outer shell…he had to.

“Look, despite the fact that I don’t like you much, somewhere along the way I’ve started rooting for you. For Zoey’s sake,” she amended, so he wouldn’t get the wrong idea. “C’mon Trace. Give me something so I can help you.”

His shoulders slumped and he looked like talking was the last thing he wanted to do. “My dad was a rodeo bum.”

The words were flat. Apologetic. As if it was his fault his dad was any kind of bum.

“He left when I was about Zoey’s age and my sister was not quite five. Very soon after, my mom drank herself into an early grave and left us to be raised by my mother’s widowed father.”

“I’m sorry,” Paisley said. “That must have been hard.”

“Yeah, you could say that. My granddad was a bitter man who didn’t have a clue how to raise kids…especially girls. Poor Steph didn’t stand a chance. And I didn’t help her much. I’m the last person Zoey needs.”

This revelation gave her a glimpse into his heart, exposing how deep-seated his fear was, and she felt true compassion for him. “I hate that that happened to you, but that doesn’t explain why you are acting the way you’ve been acting. You walked in Zoey’s shoes. You know exactly how she feels, but more importantly what she will feel as she grows up. Don’t you see that you’re exactly the right person to help her?”

“Not really. I was two years younger than my sister, and I watched as she rebelled against everything my grandfather did. Why shouldn’t she?” he asked, sweeping his hat from his head and setting it on his thigh. “The poor girl was made fun of for years because of her clothes or her hair—what did Granddad know about fixing a little girl’s hair up nice? Nothing. He didn’t know anything about anything else either. Girls need guidance, understanding…Steph had none of that. In the end she turned to drugs and alcohol and we lost her.”

So he’d been about two years younger than his sister and he’d felt helpless. “You were the younger child. You couldn’t make choices for her.”

“But I can for Zoey. I can’t let history repeat itself with her.”

He closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the top rail of the high corral. Paisley studied the sandy lashes against his tanned skin. His lips were clamped firmly together in resolute worry, and she could hardly stand it—she suddenly wanted to see those lips smile that goosepimple-producing smile of his…crazy inappropriate ideas!

“Trace Crawford,” she snapped, a bit harder than intended, fueled by her anger at herself as much as him. “God doesn’t make mistakes. He put that little girl into your care.” She flung her arm behind her, pointing toward the house where Zoey slept. “I don’t know why you had the childhood that you had. I don’t know why your sister had to suffer or choose the path that she chose, nor do I know why your parents chose the path that they took. But what I do know is that when given notice that you had a niece, you didn’t hesitate—even with the fear inside of you, you chose to step up to the plate. I really am only now beginning to get to know you, but so far…” she hesitated as the truth hit her. “So far, I admire you for what you’ve done. Now all you have to do is grab the proverbial bull by the horns and get on with it. Do you get my drift?”

He’d opened grave eyes and was studying her but said nothing as if she hadn’t gotten through his thick head.

Paisley scowled. “Don’t you get it? That little girl is yours. Period. It’s a done deal. There’s no going back. She can’t help her background and you can’t help yours. But you are all each other has, so get used to it.”

He continued to stare at her, and finally the corner of his lip lifted ever so slightly and the smoke in his eyes shifted like sun peeking through gray clouds. “You are one tough cookie, Paisley Norton,” he said, finally. “Do you know that?”

“I work hard at it,” she snapped. He had no idea just how determined she could be.

He laughed unexpectedly. It was a laugh full of tension and release all tangled together. Conflict and hope that there was hope. “So,” he said after the chuckle died a quick death and he turned serious again, “you think I can do this?” The question was quiet.

“With God’s help.”

“And yours?”

The way he said the question, the way he looked at her as he asked, caused a warm tightening in her chest. Her heart slowed…then surged unusually. “For a while,” she said, bewildered by the feeling. She swallowed and continued, “But I’ll be leaving at the end of the summer and God will still be with you. He’s much more important than I am to the success of Zoey’s life.”

He straightened to his full height and put his hat back on. She watched, feeling oddly off-kilter, while he seemed calmer, his strain slackened.

“I think you’re shooting your role in this way too short, Paisley. If you hadn’t been here, I’d have already turned tail and run clean to Mexico.”

Paisley couldn’t tear her eyes away from his. “You wouldn’t ever turn tail and run from anything. Especially a little girl who adored you the instant she saw you.”

“Do you really believe that?”

She nodded. “Yeah, actually I do.”

“I’m going to need you,” he said quietly holding her gaze.

Her heart was pounding. “I’m right here,” she said. And she was. For her, just like for him, there was no turning back. God had put her here for Zoey…and maybe to change this knucklehead’s outlook in the process.

CHAPTER SEVEN

“How did your day go?” Trace asked the next evening as soon as he climbed out of his truck and walked into the house. He was covered in a thin layer of dust, and by the way his T-shirt clung to his torso it was obvious it had been through a hard afternoon in the sun.

Paisley crinkled her nose. “It was more pleasant than yours and far more agreeable smelling.”

“That’s a good thing.” He grinned and tugged at the neck of the tee. “I’ve been in the saddle, soaked most of the day, so it’s a wonder you can stand this close. I’m on my way to clean up. Where’s Zoey?”

Paisley crooked her finger and led the way down the hall to Zoey’s room. She placed a finger to her lips then they peeked around the corner. Zoey was playing in her tent with her dolls.

“Wow, she’s talking to them,” Trace whispered in her ear as they backed away and went back to the kitchen. Once there he beamed. “She looks more comfortable.”

“She’s getting there. We read and colored and played all day. I think she’s adapting. She even asked where Uncle was.”

“No kidding?”

Paisley laughed, seeing the delight on his face. “No, really. You were a hit yesterday.” It was true. Zoey awakened from her nap grumpy and had hidden behind the couch in the living room. When they’d tried to pick her up she’d started screaming. Of course that had terrified Trace. Though Paisley wanted to intervene she’d held back, watching to see how Trace would handle himself. After all, she wasn’t going to be here for the night, and if Zoey awakened he’d be alone dealing with whatever happened. Her heart had ached as he’d stooped to Zoey’s level and talked soothingly to her. He reassured her that he loved her and said she could come out from behind the couch when she was ready and wanted to play.

The man had then begun treading a rut across the kitchen floor as he waited for Zoey to come out from behind the couch. Paisley had tried to ease his worries by talking to him as she began fixing dinner. She’d decided since she loved to cook this would be part of her job description. It also gave her something to focus on other than the impulse to reach out and hug the man’s worries away every time he paced past her!

They’d both been relieved when Zoey had eventually come into the kitchen. “Come color,” she had said, taking Trace’s hand as if nothing had happened. With those two simple words the rest of the afternoon had gone easier.

Paisley, on the other hand, had to admit that her anger at Trace had disappeared for the most part. True, she thought he’d been in the wrong, but understanding the circumstances made it hard to keep up the fight.

She’d spent most of her evening thinking about him and Zoey, and she’d prayed God would help her help them.

And when thoughts of how momentarily attracted she’d been toward him during their talk had surfaced she’d forced them aside and refused to acknowledge them.

“I think I’ll hurry and get that shower,” Trace said, drawing her back to the moment. “I want to play with her before supper.”

“I think that’s a very good idea,” Paisley said, busying herself with tossing the salad.

“And by the way,” he said, pausing at the doorway. “Whatever you’re cooking smells heavenly. You keep this cooking up and you’re going to spoil me.”

His compliment gave her a ridiculous amount of pleasure. She loved to cook. Always had, and she especially loved people enjoying what she cooked. “I hope you like it,” she said simply, trying to hide her delight at his words.

Berating herself for even thinking about letting this get personal, she watched him stride out of the room. Then turned back to check on the meal: salad, smothered steak and mashed potatoes…comfort food. Most all children loved the simple food…as did most grown men.

She wasn’t trying to impress Trace Crawford! She wasn’t.

Twenty minutes later she stood at the door and watched him walk into Zoey’s room. He was dressed in a pair of soft jeans and a plain white T-shirt. And his feet were bare as he padded across the floor. The man looked good in a pair of boots, but the casual way he was dressed right now made Paisley feel like she were looking in on a scene that was more intimate than she should be involved in. This was a family moment. And she wasn’t family—and certainly didn’t want to be family! Still, she couldn’t tear her eyes away.

“Zoey,” he called softly when she didn’t look up from rocking both her bunny and two dolls. Her little arms were bulging with babies.

“Uncle,” she gasped, jumping up and coming out of the tent with her arms held out.

A lump torpedoed into Paisley’s throat and hot tears pressed at her eyes at the joy in the Zoey’s expression. The bond Zoey felt with Trace couldn’t be missed. It had started yesterday right off the bat with her shy stares and had grown through the shaky afternoon. Trace had told Paisley this morning that Zoey had had a bad dream and he’d held her for a little while until she’d gone back to sleep—even changed a diaper all by himself! Obviously the holding part had been just what Zoey had needed to understand that in Trace’s arms she would find comfort.

As Paisley watched, he swung Zoey up and gave her a big bear hug. Paisley found herself remembering when he’d hugged her with such gusto. Her skin tingled thinking of it and warning bells clanged all around. She couldn’t let this get personal. He may not have meant to hurt Rene, but that didn’t change the fact that he had—which put anything between them off limits.

“So what’s my girl been doing today?” he asked, and Zoey leaned away from him and met his eyes with her matching pair.

“Passy don’t show me ’ose,” she said solemnly, wagging her head from side to side, sending her curls swinging.

Trace looked at Paisley in mock horror. “She wouldn’t show you the horse?”

“Uncle’s ’ose,” Zoey added, with a matter-of-fact nod. “You show.”

Paisley crossed her arms and leaned against the doorframe as understanding passed over Trace’s face. Personal feelings aside, it was a delightful experience on her part, watching the exchange. This was exactly why she’d saved the colt for Trace to show Zoey. She hadn’t wanted to steal the moment away from him—when Zoey saw the colt up close for the first time. When Paisley was reading her a book about baby farm animals and their mommies, she told Zoey that her uncle also had a mommy horse and baby and that he would show them to her when he got home from work.

The toddler hadn’t forgotten.

As soon as supper was over, Trace tugged on a pair of socks and boots and they all headed out to the corral. Paisley knew she should go on home now—after all, her day was done. But she really wanted to see Zoey and the colt…and Trace, so she tagged along.

With Zoey on his hip, Trace seemed genuinely more at ease than Paisley had ever expected him to be after his reaction the day before. It was amazing what a few hours could do.

When they got to the fence, he opened it, much to Paisley’s surprise, and took Zoey straight into the pen. “Do you think that’s wise?” she called before she could stop herself. Following them inside, she eyed the horses warily.

The look Trace shot over his shoulder held matching surprise. “Sure, it’s okay. Mabel doesn’t mind us looking at her baby. Now Peppy might have to get used to us but I’ve been working with him every day, so he’s not easily spooked.”

Paisley wasn’t so sure as she eyed the spunky little colt prancing around the pen with his ears back and his chin held high.

“’ose!” Zoey exclaimed. Her expression registered a mixture of awe and uncertainty. The curious mom stuck her nose into Zoey’s soft belly, causing her to recoil against Trace’s chest in surprise.

Instantly his chuckle bubbled up and his arm tightened around her securely. “It’s okay. This is Mabel. Can Zoey say ‘Mabel’?” He pushed the horse back a little so that Zoey didn’t feel so crowded, but he continued to stroke the horse.

Zoey touched Mabel’s soft nose and giggled. Paisley’s ridiculous trepidation evaporated and she stepped farther inside the corral and pulled the gate closed. Trace knew what he was doing.

“I think Paisley needs to pet Mabel. What do you think, Zoey?”

“Passy pet ’ose,” Zoey demanded, then startled everyone including Mabel when she suddenly smacked Mabel’s nose with a resounding whack!

Instantly all calm vaporized as poor Mabel violently slung her head as she reared up and bolted away in a thunder of hooves.

Trace had reacted by whirling away, putting himself in between Zoey and Mabel. It was apparent that Zoey wasn’t in any danger, but the scared horse had made such a commotion that the poor child erupted into wails of terror.

* * *

“It’s okay,” Trace said, trying to calm Zoey as Paisley led the way out of the corral. He hadn’t been paying attention! He’d been too absorbed in watching Paisley enter the arena. Too absorbed in the vibrant way her hair caught the evening sun as it started to dip toward the horizon.

He should have been watching Zoey. Taking care that she didn’t do something unexpected.

“Mabel didn’t mean to scare you, darlin’,” he crooned, cupping her head to his chest and rocking her back and forth. Paisley patted her back and put her face close so she could smile at Zoey. Trace felt Zoey’s tears soaking through his T-shirt straight to his heart.

“Zoey can’t hit the horse,” Paisley said very gently. “The horse gets scared, too.”

Zoey straightened. “’ose scart?”

Trace smiled when she turned glistening eyes to him. “Yes,” he said. “The horse was just scared.”

Zoey leaned away from him and looked through the fence railings. “I fowwy ’ose. No scart now.”

“It’s very sweet of you to say you’re sorry,” Paisley said, drying Zoey’s tears then looking up at Trace with stern eyes.

He prepared himself for a reprimand since she had questioned his choice to enter the corral in the first place.

“Don’t beat yourself up over this,” she said.

“I shouldn—”

“Button it, buster. You kept her safe. The horse didn’t do anything that would have harmed her except squeal and run away.”

“But I—” he started, but, eyes flashing, she cut him off again.

“Trace. You found out that Zoey has a solid slap to watch out for in the future. And I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but I can guarantee that’s not the last new thing you’ll learn over the next few days. Or the coming years.”

Trace felt like he had a porcupine balled up in the pit of his stomach. Paisley meant the words to help him, but she had no idea that her statement didn’t make him feel the least bit reassured. The future was exactly what he was afraid of.

The only reassurance that he did have was the fact that she was standing beside him. Looking into her honest eyes bolstered his sliding spirit. He gave her a nod and then forced a smile for her benefit…it was weird, though, how the smile actually felt real the instant Paisley smiled back at him.

CHAPTER EIGHT

“She hasn’t mentioned Steph to me yet,” Trace said on Saturday, keeping his voice low. “Has she said anything during the day to make you think she remembers her mom at all?”

They had finished supper and were walking down the drive, on a big adventure with Zoey as she made her way along, pausing to smell every buttercup and brown-eyed Susan she came across. Watching her, Paisley continued to have that overwhelming sense of thankfulness that she was so carefree and was easily settling into her new life.

“She hasn’t acted like she remembers Stephanie at all. But—” she paused, placing her hand on Trace’s arm “—I’m not so sure that’s not a good thing for now. Look at her. She has come so far in less than a week. I was so afraid many days would be like the first day. And honestly if she did remember her mother and miss her terribly, can’t you imagine how much more traumatized she would be. She would be upset and sad and she would act out those emotions in the only way a little person knows how.”

“Yeah, you’re right.” Trace looked conflicted as he watched her. His devotion to his niece was openly apparent on his face. “I understand what you’re saying, yet as mixed up as Stephanie was I still want Zoey to remember her. I mean, I can barely remember my mom.” He raked his hand across his brow and bumped his hat up from his forehead with a knuckle. His eyes were deeply troubled. “I bought that book she loves so much about the baby farm animals and their mothers, hoping it would help her remember.”

Paisley tore her gaze away from his profile and stared out across the pasture, blinking back her own emotions. She’d never thought about that part of it. Him not quite three with hardly any memory of his mother. Her heart wilted a little more.

“I was hoping the book would somehow help her connect to her mom. Is that crazy or what? She was one year old when she last felt her mom’s arms around her…who am I kidding?” he asked. “I don’t even know if Stephanie showed her any affection even then.”

“I’m so sorry,” Paisley said. Trace’s tortured gaze reached inside of her. She wanted to smooth his brow, to show him the tenderness he’d missed growing up. She wanted to hug him for wanting Zoey to have more than he’d had. “I love what you’re trying to do for Zoey.” She touched his jaw, unable to resist. “I believe God truly works in mysterious ways, and I believe this is one of those times. As hard as it is to acknowledge, it’s easier if she doesn’t remember Stephanie. She’s getting to know you and loving it. Her mother’s memory would do nothing but distort that right now.” She was saying the hard stuff. But it was the truth and she pushed on. “You’re right, she was very young when social services took her away from Stephanie and you can’t help that. Or change that, no matter how much you wish you could.”

“You’re right,” he said after a moment. “But it’s hard to swallow.”

That a woman got herself so messed up on drugs that she neglected her child was hard to swallow. “Zoey is lucky to have you,” Paisley said and meant it. In the short days that she’d been here, everything she’d believed about him had taken an about-face. And it was getting harder with each passing moment to keep up her defenses, to not let her feelings turn personal.

Zoey walked over and gave Trace a tiny white flower. She was beaming as she told him how pretty it was, then headed out for more leaving Trace with the tiny flower and a smile. It was so touching, and Paisley thought of the children she wanted to have one day. She found herself drawn to Trace, mesmerized by the love she saw in his eyes as he watched Zoey.

Paisley’s heart went still, aching.

Later, when she left to go home, she found it hard to leave.

* * *

Sam’s Diner was crowded the following Thursday night for all-you-could-eat catfish. Paisley smoothed her hand across her stomach and the slight wrinkle in the cotton material. Truth was, her stomach was kinking up in knots, and no amount of smoothing was going to get rid of them.

Trace had gotten home from work at a decent hour and asked her if she’d go to dinner at Sam’s with him and Zoey. She’d said no at first because it was just so…well it was just so dangerous to her weakening resolve to be around the man all the time. But then he’d said he wasn’t comfortable taking Zoey into a social evening by himself. Sucker that she was, she hadn’t been able to say no to that request. After all, she was hired to help acclimate Zoey to her surroundings, right?

Right.

And she had been doing exactly that over the course of the first two weeks. There had been plenty of ups and downs, with not every day being a smell-the-buttercups day. But all in all Zoey seemed to be a normal little girl. A few times she’d asked about the couple who had been her foster parents for the two months prior to her coming to Trace, but then she seemed to forget them. Trace had told Paisley she’d lived with three different families in the year that she’d been in foster care, and Paisley found herself continually thanking God for getting Zoey to Trace when He did.

With every passing day it grew harder and harder to get into her car and drive away from Zoey and Trace. It was obvious that she’d misjudged him, but still, that didn’t help her when it came to falling for him. She couldn’t fall for the man no matter how wonderful he was. Even debating the idea made her feel she was betraying Rene.

She and Rene had dreamed of marrying and buying little houses beside each other and raising their children together. Their dream included each wearing the veil with the little Forget-me-not flowers that had been passed down through generations. Family mattered. Dreams mattered. And now that Rene lived all the way up north in Dry Creek, Montana, that dream was only an option if Paisley moved there at the end of the year. Rene had mentioned she’d heard there might be an opening at the school. Rene missed her as much as Paisley missed Rene, there was no way that Paisley would ever, ever do anything that would strain their relationship. Falling in love with the man who’d broken Rene’s heart—no matter why or how the outcome had ended up—would be awkward any way you looked at it.

“Are you all right?” Trace asked, close to her ear. He’d been getting Zoey out of her car seat and Paisley had been too lost in thought to realize he’d come up behind her.

His breath sent a shiver of longing skittering over her skin and it mixed with the chill that had already come over her as she’d pondered her circumstances.

“I’m fine,” she said, with determination.

His gaze drilled into her, and she knew he could see troubled waters in her eyes as she looked over her shoulder at him. He smiled though, and placed his free hand at the small of her back, leaning close as they walked into the crowded diner. “Are you sure?” he asked. “You seem nervous or something.”

Oh, she was nervous! His lips inches from hers and the gentle hand touching her spine…“Just lost in thought,” she said, truthfully. “Hoping Zoey doesn’t get scared,” she added, and focused on Zoey.

“Look who’s here,” Esther Mae squealed and jumped up from the table where she and her husband, Hank, sat with Norma Sue and her husband, Roy Don. “It’s about time you brought that sweet baby out to meet us,” she admonished Trace.

“Don’t scare her,” Norma Sue barked, pushing out of the booth to follow Esther Mae.

Trace tensed out of his concern as to how Zoey would react to all the attention. Everyone had been patiently waiting to meet her, understanding that she needed time to adjust.

Paisley wasn’t sure what prompted Trace to decide tonight was the night for Zoey to meet everyone, but she’d known it needed to be done. All the way into town they had talked to Zoey about how she was going to meet a lot of new friends. She’d seemed fine with the concept, holding her rabbit up and declaring, “Friend.”

Now, held in Trace’s arms, she leaned into him and studied Esther Mae and Norma Sue. After a moment she clamped her tiny palms onto Trace’s cheeks and stared excitedly into his eyes. “Friends. I not be ’fraid,” she said, as if explaining the situation to him. As if trying to calm him.

“Ohhhh,” Esther Mae crooned.

“If that ain’t the cutest little thing,” Norma Sue said.

Esther Mae nodded agreement. “Why, Trace,” she added. “She’s the spitting image of you!”

Zoey dropped her hands and turned back to her admirers with a wide smile. “Thanks,” Trace said, beaming. “But she’s much prettier than I am.”

That got him a round of chuckles. Paisley watched, feeling conflicted suddenly. Just look at the man. He’d thought he needed her, but it was obvious that he and Zoey had everything under control.

And that’s a good thing…right?

Right, she told herself. Sure, she reminded herself…then why did she feel such an irrational sense of sadness at the idea?

She tried to ignore the turbulent emotions churning inside her as they made the rounds. Thursday nights, the diner was filled with hometown folks. Unlike Friday and Saturday nights, which you would find a mixed group of hometown people and folks visiting for the old-fashioned theater show that was given in a renovated barn out on the edge of town. Or maybe one of the weekend festivals that they held on a regular basis. One of those was coming up in two weeks, actually, and Paisley was thinking Zoey would enjoy it. The fact that she was doing so well tonight pleased her. She just felt…what? Unneeded?

No doubt about it, she had troubles.

“Y’all look like a right smart couple,” Sam said toward the end of the evening when he came by to see if they wanted any pie.

Cassie who usually helped on Thursday nights, grinned as she passed by. “You really do,” she said.

“Yup,” Sam continued, as he patted Zoey’s head then crossed his arms over his chest and studied them. “My Adela, she can shor pickum. How you two gettin’ along?”

Paisley hadn’t expected this much unabashed frankness tonight. Tonight was supposed to be about Zoey…not this crazy matchmaking idea.

Trace surprised her by acting as if the statement didn’t mean what she knew he understood it meant. No, he just smiled slow and easy and held her gaze—there was something in that look that reached out and touched her…and her pulse reacted and there was nothing slow and easy about the way it began racing!

“We started out on a rocky slope,” he said, and she tried to concentrate on his words instead of the Olympic race happening inside of her. “But everything is leveling out nice and easy. Paisley is amazing. Isn’t that right, Zoey?”

Zoey was sitting in a highchair playing with a green bean, but at Trace’s question she pointed the bean at Paisley and declared in a loud voice, “Passy, ’may-zing.”

“You said it, kiddo,” Trace agreed, leaning back in his chair and giving her a big twinkle-eyed once-over topped off with a teasing grin. “She’s pretty ’mazing, all right.”

Paisley’s skin turned hot as all eyes in the diner zeroed in on her! How could he? Fighting for calm, she tried to find the right non-incriminating comeback. “I, I think Zoey is amazing, too,” she managed, dropping her head and sending Trace a scathing glare from beneath shuttered lashes. Tomorrow tongues would be wagging. Didn’t the man know that everyone would take that simple statement and blow their relationship all out of proportion?

* * *

Trace glanced at Paisley as he drove toward home. She’d been quiet all evening.

“Did I do something to upset you?” he asked, again. And just like she had the last time he’d asked the question she ignored him. Women—he didn’t understand them.

He’d thought them going out to dinner would be a good thing. Kind of get them more on a path toward—well, a path toward…more. He wanted more and he’d thought he’d seen signs that she might have changed her mind about him. That more was a possibility.

He’d thought they’d been getting along good up until now. He’d gotten to where he hated to see her leave every evening, and it didn’t have anything to do with Zoey. He wanted to get to know Paisley on a personal level. And after contemplating his move all week long he’d thought tonight would be a good excuse to see if she felt the same.

Obviously he’d thought wrong.

As soon as he pulled to a halt, she got out and headed toward her car. He glanced into the back seat of the truck, noted that Zoey was still sound asleep in her car seat and then he went after Paisley.

“Wait, Paisley. C’mon, tell me what I did wrong.” He skidded to a halt beside her car.

“Trace, it’s just time for me to go home. It’s been a long day. A long week. I need to go home.” She tugged her car door open. “You do remember that I have a home, right?”

He took a step back. “Sure,” he said. “I know you have a home. I only meant—”

“I know what you meant, Trace. But you don’t have to worry, you’ll do fine getting Zoey out of the car seat and into bed. You don’t need me to do that for you anymore. I’ll see you in the morning.”

She didn’t waste time leaving, tossing gravel as she wheeled the old clunker she drove out of the driveway. He snatched off his hat and slapped it against his knee. “That wasn’t what I meant at all,” he said out loud, mystified as he watched her taillights disappear into the night.

CHAPTER NINE

“I need to check fence lines in the back section of the land. I want you and Zoey to ride along with me. It’s a real pretty ride and it’d give me a little more time with Zoey,” Trace said the next day.

Paisley had arrived at work that morning fully expecting to answer for her behavior of the night before. But Trace had been in a rush to leave and had barely stopped long enough to tell her that Zoey had a good night’s sleep.

She’d had mixed feelings about his unexpected departure. It had been a relief of sorts not to have to face questions. But she’d expected questions when he came home that evening. Instead here he was telling her they were taking Zoey on a field trip.

“It sounds like a great idea,” she said, trying unsuccessfully to keep the edge out of her voice.

“Great!” he exclaimed, swooping Zoey into his strong arms and heading toward the truck.

His behavior baffled her. She wanted to tell him that she was angry at him for causing almost everyone at the diner to speculate that something was happening between them.

She knew she’d entered dangerous territory where he was concerned, and no matter how many times she told herself there could never be anything between them, she was having a hard time keeping her heart from falling for the man. She certainly didn’t need outside speculation, and this little excursion wasn’t going to help her situation either.

She climbed into the truck while he buckled Zoey into the car seat. He was telling her all about the adventure they were about to have. Listening to him, Paisley almost smiled—it was maddening the way he got to her. She reached for her seatbelt and resolved not to weaken.

“I’d have opened the door if you’d waited a minute,” he said, hopping in beside her and cranking the engine.

“I can open my own door.”

“I never said you couldn’t. You are formidable.” He gave her a teasing grin.

“Oh, that’s just what every woman likes to hear.”

“Hey, I meant it as a compliment. You are capable of doing everything,” he said. “But what I meant was that, for as young as you are you know a lot about kids. How did that happen?”

She glanced at him sidelong. “You do ask the strangest questions.” The man baffled her completely.

He shrugged. “I’m a strange guy, I guess. But really, how do you know so much?”

“I babysat a lot growing up.” She almost added that most people knew as much about kids as she did, but that would only have made him feel worse about how little he thought he knew.

“I bet you were a natural from the beginning,” he said, turning the truck onto a dirt road. Glancing at her he pushed the button, letting the windows roll down. Zoey squealed with delight as the fresh air rushed inside, blowing her curls across her little forehead.

Paisley reached back and jiggled the tyke’s foot, making her giggle. “I’ve always enjoyed children.”

“So that’s why you chose to become a teacher?”

Okay, so it was get-to-know-Paisley day. Not good. “Yes. Plus it was a career that would give me flexibility around my future children’s schedules. A family of my own is all-important to me. And to Rene also.” She might as well lay it all on the table if that was what he wanted. “Rene and I had it planned out that we would have houses beside each other one day and we would raise our kids close, like we were. We even have a beautiful veil to share, passed down from our grandmother.” Paisley’s throat tightened. “We’ve just always been close like that.”

Out of the corner of her eye she saw his forehead crease below his hat and his lips flattened into a hard line. She wondered what he was thinking.

“And I came along and messed that up for you.” He pulled the truck to a stop beside a low-slung barn.

Regret clearly filled his voice and she found no joy in having brought the subject up again. “But, Rene is extremely happy now,” she offered and thought about sharing that they’d discussed her moving to Dry Creek—but that was too personal. She didn’t want to talk about that right now, and not with him.

“So what’s next?” she asked instead, glancing at the barn.

He climbed out and went after Zoey. “Now we have some fun.”

Fun wasn’t what she needed to have with Trace, she thought, as she followed him into the barn a few moments later. A tractor and a four-wheeler sat in the center of the metal building. Trace walked over to the utility vehicle and threw a leg over like he was climbing into the saddle of his horse. “Hop on,” he said, settling Zoey in front of him.

“We’re all going on that?”

He grinned over his shoulder and his eyes twinkled mischievously. “Yup.”

This was not good. “But, is it safe?”

“Oh, see how much I need you. I almost forgot. Hold onto the kiddo for me,” he said as he slid off the seat.

Baffled, she watched him jog to the back of the truck and pulled out two helmets, one of them a small pink one. He’d thought of everything! The helmets also meant this had been a very premeditated excursion. One didn’t just pick up a pink safety helmet in Mule Hollow.

“Don’t look so shocked. I didn’t want to take any chances,” he said as he jogged back to them. “One for Zoey and one for you if you want it.”

She was dumbfounded. “And you think you’re not good father material.”

He looked pleased. “I have a good teacher.”

Suddenly a feeling of wild anticipation came over her. She took the tiny helmet from him and smiled as Zoey blinked up at her while she set it on her head. “You have to wear this. We want to take good care of you, young lady,” she explained, quickly tightening the strap.

“But you’ll have fun, I promise,” Trace said. “Do you want to have fun?” he asked from over Paisley’s shoulder, her stomach dipping at his nearness. Zoey nodded, grabbed the handle bars and started making motor noises.

“Sounds like the kid is ready,” Trace said, and giving her a grin he swung a leg over the seat and settled in for the ride. “Hop on and let’s get this party started.”

“Party started!” Zoey mimicked. Trace gave her his goosepimple smile and his gaze challenged her.

She eyed the small space behind him and noted that she would have to not only sit close to him but hold on to him. A mixture of exhilaration and exclamation came over her. What was she to do? Taking a deep breath she did the only thing she wanted to do—she climbed on behind Trace and wrapped her arms around his lean waist.

Just for now, she wouldn’t think about all the reasons why she shouldn’t.

Within seconds they were moving across the pasture at an easy speed. Zoey was laughing into the breeze and Paisley felt like laughing herself.

“How are you doing back there?” Trace asked, glancing over his shoulder.

“Great,” she said. “This is fun!”

He winked. “I like it myself,” he said, watching the path in front of them again before adding. “You just keep those arms wrapped around me nice and tight and don’t let go.”

Paisley did as she was told, giving into the moment without protest.

“Bunny!” Zoey squealed, and just as quickly Trace cut the wheels to the right and took chase after the gray rabbit bounding across the field. Zoey laughed and Paisley held on a little tighter as Trace zigged and zagged the vehicle over the rough terrain. She found it disturbingly easy to forget everything but the moment.

“You must do this often,” she said. He was driving them down an incline and her chin kept bumping him in the shoulder.

“I do but I usually don’t detour like we’re doing now.”

The rabbit had disappeared into some underbrush, but he kept on going along a dry creek bed. When he came to a fork he brought the ride to a stop.

“I bet I know a little girl who would enjoy putting her feet into the trickle of water over there,” he said.

Zoey agreed, so Paisley dismounted and watched Trace do the same. She could almost let herself imagine this was them having a good time as a family. Her arms itched to wrap around him again, her heart wished for the right to do so—what am I thinking? Getting her heart to cooperate seemed impossible as she followed Trace and Zoey toward the stream.

“Off with the shoes,” Trace said, setting Zoey on a flat white rock. Zoey squealed, plopped down on her belly and reached to touch the water. Trace’s laugh wrapped around Paisley, seeping into her soul as if it belonged.

No!

Her fingers were shaking as she slipped out of her loafers. She closed her eyes and prayed for the Lord to help her. To please keep her from wanting something she couldn’t have.

Trace didn’t make the task easy as he removed his boots and socks, rolled up his jeans and then, taking Zoey’s hand, led her squealing and splashing into the ankle-deep water.

Instead of following them, Paisley sank onto the rock and dangled her feet in the water.

“Come walk with us,” Trace called, holding his hand out.

He looked so appealing that her toes curled beneath the stream’s surface. She shook her head. “I’ll watch. This time is for you and Zoey,” she said. But it was more of a reminder to herself that this was all about Trace and Zoey. This was not about her. She loved Rene too much—how many times was she going to have to repeat that to herself.

Trace, with his rolled-up jeans and Zoey barely reaching his knees, made a beautiful picture standing in the stream. Paisley’s heart felt as if it would die from oxygen deprivation as she held her breath and refused to let it have its way. Trace’s bright, expectant expression shadowed and she knew he could see she was struggling. She just couldn’t let him know what she was struggling with.

“Play wif me,” Zoey said, tugging at his hand, looking up at him.

Bless her. “Play with her,” Paisley repeated. Trace’s jaw muscle tightened as his bottomless eyes dug deep into hers.

“Okay,” he said. “But later, you and I are taking some time to talk.”

So now the man wanted to talk!

“Fish!” Zoey exclaimed…and Paisley was momentarily saved as Trace was jerked into a hot pursuit of a passing perch.

The fish got away but it at least put Trace’s focus back on Zoey. He seemed content to let Paisley remain on her rock, watching as hand in hand they waded up and down the stream in search of treasures. Paisley watched, feeling depressed.

Each time Zoey spotted a uniquely shaped rock, she squealed and brought it proudly to Paisley. One rock was shaped almost like a heart, and Paisley couldn’t help slipping the small stone into her pocket as a keepsake of the wonderful afternoon.

On the way back to the barn, Trace drove with one hand and held a sleepy Zoey tucked against him. Paisley held on to him. She didn’t have to, they were going so slow, but she did anyway. They traveled in silence. Paisley’s head was too crowded with battling emotions to speak, and Trace seemed preoccupied also.

When he finally drove back into the barn, she hopped off the back of the four-wheeler knowing she needed distance. Distance would help her think straight.

It had been one month since he’d shown up at her house asking her to help him. One month!

No way could she feel anything for him other than infatuation—and respect, for the way he was handling his life. No way.

That was what her rational mind kept repeating. But she’d stopped thinking rationally when it came to Trace and she knew it.

She loved him.

As clear as the big, beautiful Texas sky they’d ridden beneath all afternoon, she knew it.

And she wanted to cry. Paisley had always thought that when she fell in love it would be a wonderful, peacefully exquisite feeling. That all in the world would seem right.

As she hurried to the truck, climbing inside she felt no peace. Her foot thumped against the floorboard as she watched Trace follow her out of the barn with a sleeping Zoey draped over his chest. Her little face was snuggled up against his neck, one tiny arm draped over his shoulder.

Paisley put her hand to her knee, silencing the thumping of her foot, but she couldn’t silence the pounding of her heart. Nor could she help herself.

She’d fallen in love with the man who’d broken her cousin’s heart.

CHAPTER TEN

Paisley slipped out of the house while Trace was laying Zoey down in her bed. She hadn’t wanted another confrontation like the one they’d had the night before, but she also knew she couldn’t talk to him.

She was heartsick. She’d cried all the way home. How had she let this happen?

She paced her kitchen floor, which reminded her of Trace, and she’d found herself wondering if he were home pacing too.

When she finally went to bed she didn’t think she would sleep, but somehow she had in the early morning hours. When her alarm awakened her less than two hours later she dragged herself out of bed with determined force.

She had a job to do. And she would do it.

Today she would get her relationship with Trace back on track.

“Mornin’,” Trace said, when she walked into the kitchen.

Paisley swallowed hard and tried to calm her nerves. Trace was leaning against the counter with his arms crossed. His gray eyes, so dark they seemed almost black, were full of questions as he watched her set her purse on table.

The air crackled with strain.

“Did Zoey have a good night?” she asked.

“Slept like a rock. Look, Paisley—” he started but stopped, frustration played across his features. “What are we doing?”

Paisley’s nerve wavered. “Getting you permanent custody of Zoey,” she said, struggling to put them back on track.

“And the other?”

“There is no other, Trace,” she said, keeping her voice level, impersonal. Feeling a stab of guilt at the surprise her words brought into his eyes.

“I see.” He pushed away from the counter and headed toward the door. She could tell he was angry. “I have a long day ahead of me,” he said, taking his hat from its peg and meeting her gaze.

She could see the rise and fall of his chest. It matched the tempo of her heartbeat. “I’ll hold supper for you,” she managed to say and tried to hold her course.

An awkward silence hung between them…but the questions were there, unspoken.

He spun on his heel and settled his hat on his head, but instead of walking out the door he just stood there. Paisley saw the tension of his shoulders bunch beneath his shirt, saw the strain in his rigid stance. She willed him to leave, knowing that him walking out that door was the safest thing. But his hand stilled on the screen.

Paisley’s breath caught in her throat as suddenly he swung around and stormed toward her.

One moment she wanted to run and the next she was in his arms. Shamefully, she closed her eyes as he lowered his lips to hers. His hands came up and intertwined in her hair, and she wrapped her arms around his neck as if she couldn’t get close enough to him. His muscles bunched beneath her fingertips and the feel of his lips sent her world spinning out of control. Tenderness and emotion mixed and there seemed to be no air left in the room. Paisley’s heart felt as if it would fly…and break at the same time.

This could not happen and she knew it. Pushing slightly against his shoulders she pulled away from him.

Looking as dazed as she felt, he released her. His hat had fallen to the floor and he reached to pick it up. Paisley saw his hand tremble as he grasped it.

“I hope I didn’t just make the mistake of my life,” he said, before she could speak. “We have to talk when I get home. And I mean it, Paisley.” He touched her cheek and walked out the door.

She jumped when the screen door slapped closed. Shaken, she stood in the center of the kitchen until the sound of his truck disappeared in the distance. A plan. The thought came to her as her heart settled down. She’d walked in the door with a plan and this…this made it more important than ever to get herself back on track.

Grabbing up the cup of coffee, she took a long drink of the hot liquid and hoped it burned some sense back into her.

Trace Crawford had kissed her.

And she’d kissed him back.

But that didn’t change anything. Didn’t change her plan.

A plan she put into action an hour later as she drove her car into town. Pete, the owner of the feedstore, was standing out front of his daffodil-yellow store in deep conversation with Applegate and Stanley. The two resident checker players must have run out of sunflower seeds and come for a refill—which was perfect for Paisley.

“Hey, guys,” she called as she hopped from the car and reached in the back seat for Zoey. “Pete, I’ve come to buy you out of all your plants!”

“What ya need all his plants fer?” Applegate asked, his wrinkled face scrunching in question.

“Zoey, tell Mr. Thornton why we want a flower garden.”

Zoey bobbed her curly head as her eyes widened. “Flowu’rs are boo’tiful.”

Stanley grinned, his plump cheeks lifting. “Yup.” He tweaked Zoey’s toe. “But they ain’t no whar’ near as purdy as you, young lady.”

That won him a big smile from Zoey.

Not to be beat out of a smile, Pete snapped a rose from the potted bush sitting on the sidewalk beside him and handed it to Zoey. “Here ya go, darlin’,” he said, grinning when she awarded him with a dazzler of a smile. “Don’t that smell good?” he asked.

“’mell goood!” Zoey cooed and buried her nose in the pink bloom.

Everyone chuckled and Paisley realized Zoey was going to have this entire town wrapped around her little finger before long. “I want to create a place for Zoey to explore and be able to watch butterflies and hummingbirds play.”

“Sounds like a good idea,” Applegate said, fiddling with his hearing aid and adjusting his voice at the same time. “You ain’t got much room in that car, though.”

“I know y’all are probably wanting to get over to Sam’s to play checkers, but do you think you could help me carry the flowers and other supplies home first?”

“Shor we can,” Stanley said. “I thank a flower garden is jest what the doc ordered.”

App nodded agreement, studying Paisley with disturbingly astute eyes. “It’s romantic, too.”

“Hey, I got a wooden bench out back,” Pete said. “And I even got a birdbath back yonder. You want that, too?”

Paisley didn’t need the romance part. She was having enough trouble as it was, but the bench and birdbath would be great for Zoey and Trace. “I’ll take them.”

“I’ll back my truck up and we’ll load’er up,” App said. “Heck, we kin even do some diggin’ fer ya.”

Paisley’s heart lightened. “Thank you,” she said. “Now, let’s see what you’ve got, Pete.”

* * *

Trace had spent all day thinking about coming home. He hadn’t meant to kiss Paisley that morning, but after spending most of the night thinking about her and the future they could have together it had just happened.

If he hadn’t just run her off.

Finding Paisley in the front yard with a shovel in her hands standing in the middle of a newly shaped flower bed that stretched across the front of his porch was not what he’d expected to find at all.

Leave it to Paisley to decide to make a change and to make it in a big way. He really loved that about her.

“What’s this?” he asked, swinging a dirt-covered Zoey into his arms when she raced to meet him.

Paisley was standing to the side. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she had a streak of dirt on one cheek, and her knees were dusty from kneeling.

“You’ve been one busy bee,” he said, resisting the urge to touch her as Zoey squirmed out of his grasp and ran to the marigolds.

“I thought you and Zoey would enjoy picking flowers and watching butterflies and hummingbirds.”

“It’s a great idea,” he said, unable to stop himself as he lifted his hand and gently dusted her cheek with the pad of his thumb, loving the feel of her soft skin against his. “You know what I’m going to say. Thank you,” he said softly, wanting to kiss her again, but knowing he’d been pushing it this morning and that he had to take this slow. The fact that she’d gone still when he’d touched her cheek made him even more cautious. Her eyes were troubled and had his heart beating with trepidation. What was she thinking? Had he messed up any chance he might have had with her?

She batted a strand of hair out of her face with the back of her garden glove. “No thanks necessary. I’m just doing my job. I’ve had a blast digging in the dirt all day with Zoey. You’re going to have fun, too.”

He took a step toward her. He could hear Applegate telling him he was being plum stupid again. But this was ridiculous.

“Whoa, cowboy,” she said, “Stop right there. And don’t even think about a repeat of this morning.”

He looped his thumbs in his back pockets so he wouldn’t reach for her. “You know I think you’re wonderful, don’t you?” He had to change things between them. Had to make her stop pushing him away.

“Stop.”

“Paisley, I’m sorry about kissing you out of the blue. I know I shouldn’t have.”

She licked her lips nervously. “Look,” she said, flattening her hand against her stomach. “I misjudged you, Trace. I think you are wonderful…but, this wouldn’t work.”

He brought his hands to her shoulders. “It can work.” If two people love each other. His head was spinning as he watched her eyes tell him what his heart was telling him—his past foolhardy move had once again come back to haunt him. He knew before she confirmed it.

“No. It can’t work. Family means everything to me, Trace. Everything. Don’t you get it? Rene is my family.”

Dear Lord, he prayed fervently. Please don’t let one mistake cost me Paisley’s love. “I will do whatever it takes to fix the problem if Rene has one with me. I’ll get down on my knees if I have to. Paisley, I love you.”

She gasped and her eyes misted. For an instant he thought he’d changed her mind then, but she looked sad and lifted her hand and touched his cheek tenderly. “I’ve decided that I’m moving to Dry Creek at the end of the next school year,” she said, and then she moved away from him.

“What? Move?” he said. “Where is this idea coming from?”

She wrapped her arms around her waist, clearly on the defensive. “I miss Rene. She’s the closest family I have left and I need to be close to her. I want my children to grow up with her children.”

Trace’s temper flared. He’d never thought he was going to have to compete with a childhood dream. “So that’s it,” he said, keeping his voice low and turning his back to where Zoey couldn’t hear from where she played with her dolls at the far edge of the porch. “So all of this—Zoey, me—all we are really is just a job to you.”

“Of course not. You know I care—”

“You bet I know it,” he snapped, throwing away all caution. “I’ve seen it in the way you look at Zoey. In the small things you do that don’t come in the job description. You love Zoey. You—” He hung his head then zeroed in on her, and put it all on the table. “You look at me that same way when you let your guard down.” She inhaled sharply. “You love me, Paisley. You have family here. Zoey and I are your family. I love you, Paisley Norton. You can’t just throw that away all because I made a mistake.”

She swung away from him and stalked across the yard. He stalked right behind her. “Rene is happy,” he said. “From everything I’ve heard in town, Rene has married the man of her dreams, so I don’t get why you think she has a problem with me. Surely she can look past my worry for Zoey and see that I made a foolish mistake, but that there was no intention on my part to hurt her the way I did.”

Paisley kept her back to him and remained silent.

“Paisley. You can’t hold this against me. You have been more than honest with your feelings about all of this up until now, and I’ve respected you for it. So I don’t get this. I don’t get it at all.”

She spun and glared at him. “You want the truth. Then here it is. I think you want a family for Zoey so much that you think you are in love with me. I think you would think you were in love with any woman you’d hired for this position.”

“What?”

“Don’t look at me like I’m crazy. You know it’s true. This has all happened too fast. First Rene, then me. You don’t think you have what it takes to raise Zoey, so you want a wife. But Trace, you are a wonderful daddy to Zoey and you don’t need some woman telling you what to do. You don’t have to just marry someone so Zoey can have a mother. It has to be about you in that moment.”

“That is so wrong,” he said, still dazed that she actually believed what she was saying. “That isn’t what this is about.”

“You forget that I’ve seen terror in your eyes where that baby is concerned.”

“I love you,” he repeated. He raked his hand through his hair. “This is ridiculous. You can’t mean this.”

She crossed her arms and lifted her stubborn jaw. “I told you from the beginning that this was for Zoey. That I’d help you learn to take care of her and that’s what I’m doing…but, you didn’t really need me. You’re a natural. And the best thing you can do for Zoey is to slow down and think about yourself for a moment.” Her gaze shifted to Zoey and tears filled their green depths. “Maybe under the circumstances you should find someone else to finish out the summer.”

He fought to remain calm. “You can’t quit.” All his life people had left him. Reality traced a frosty path across his heart. Maybe he wouldn’t be able to keep Paisley from leaving, too, but he wasn’t giving up that easily. “You hired on for the summer, and I expect you to be a woman of your word.” He met her teary eyes with stone-cold determination.

She blinked in disbelief.

“That’s right,” he ground out. “I’m holding you to your word. And I’m going to prove to you that I love you.”

“Why are you determined to make this harder than it needs to be?”

“I’m determined to do what it takes to fight for my family.”

She swallowed. Blinked. Shifted from one foot to the other. She loved him. Nothing could prove to him otherwise.

And no way was he giving up on that.

“I have to go,” she said, once more storming toward her car. “Tell Zoey I’ll see her in the morning.”

He should have felt guilty for the wobble he heard in her voice, but he didn’t. He walked to the porch and picked Zoey up. She was holding her favorite book and smiled at him as he snuggled her close. “Wave goodbye to Paisley,” he said and turned her back to him so she could wave at Paisley. He wanted Paisley to see Zoey’s angelic face. To see what she was attempting to walk away from.

Zoey waved and a pale-looking Paisley waved back through the window then drove down the drive away from them.

Was he wrong? Should he just give up and let her go easily out of their lives?

He closed his eyes and buried his face in Zoey’s curling hair, breathing in the wonderfully sweet scent of her. Dear Lord, let me be making the right move this time. Please show me the next move.

Zoey squirmed in his arms, reminding him that she was his priority. With one last glance down the drive he turned and carried his baby inside. “It’s time for a bath,” he said, forcing his voice to sound light. Zoey chattered all the way up the stairs about her great adventures with Passy. He listened, feeling heartsick, but smiling for Zoey’s benefit as he gave her a bath. Thirty minutes later when she was clean, smelling of baby shampoo and moisturizer and dressed in her soft pajamas she reached for her favorite book.

“Read,” she said, yawning. It had been a long day for her and he could tell she wouldn’t last long. Feeling at least a measure of contentment, he settled them into the rocking chair and opened her book. He’d given her this baby animals book in hopes of jogging a memory…but he’d given up on that. But she still loved the book; its tattered edges proved it. He placed his finger on the first page but instead of beginning to read his thoughts strayed to Paisley.

Zoey sighed against his chest and placed her tiny finger beside his. They were pointing to the farmer’s wife. “Passy, mommy.”

At her words, Trace stopped rocking and his heart began thundering. “What did you say?” he asked, carefully.

“Passy, mommy,” she repeated. “’ose is coat’s mommy. Cat is kitty’s mommy,” she said, proudly, pointing at the horse and then the cat before she grinned and pointed at herself. “Passy is Zoey’s mommy.”

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Paisley hung up the phone and wiped her tears away. It had been over an hour since she’d left Trace and Zoey, and it felt like a lifetime. She grabbed her keys and swung open her front door and hurried down the stairs and out the apartment door. She was startled to find Trace coming up the walk.

His expression was grim. “We have to talk. Now.”

“Where’s Zoey,” she asked, alarmed, looking toward his truck and noting that the baby seat was empty.

“I dropped her off at Norma Sue’s.” He wasn’t wearing his hat and he raked a hand through his sandy curls and took a deep breath. “What I have to say can’t be said in front of her and can’t wait until tomorrow.”

“What is it?”

“You’re fired,” he said, with all the firmness of Donald Trump. “That’s what.”

“Excuse me?” What?

He crossed the space between them. “As of now, you are no longer working for me.”

“Oh,” was all Paisley could manage, she was so shocked.

“I realized you are right when you said I was so caught up in wanting Zoey to have a mother that I lost sight of the whole picture. Also, you were right in pointing out that if I want to give Zoey what she needs then I have to know what I want. What I need. Isn’t that what you told me?” he asked.

“Kind of. I guess,” Paisley said, still not able to grasp the fact that he’d fired her. “You fired me,” she said, incredulously. As in he hadn’t really loved me!

“Hey, it’s the only thing I can think to do under the circumstances. I think Zoey has been handed around to far too many people. First Stephanie and then all those foster parents. And then me bringing you in—it’s just all too confusing for her emotionally to have so many people floating in and out of her life. Something happened after you left that made me realize I have to get this right. I can’t just have you coming in and then when school starts have someone else come in. Not in her case. She’s going to get hurt again if I don’t fix this now.”

“How are you going to fix it? And what happened after I left?”

His eyes bore into hers as he lifted his hand and laid his fingertips against her temple. Paisley’s world tilted as he drew his thumb gently down the side of her face and brushed her cheek very tenderly. Looking into those dear, wonderful eyes, Paisley couldn’t breathe.

“You’ve been crying,” he said softly, and she felt his breath touch her skin.

She nodded, feeling tears threaten again. “I just got off the phone with Rene. But please tell me what happened.”

“I will. Are you sure you’re okay?”

She nodded, overwhelmingly happy to see him…guilt free for the first time. “I just had a good talk with her.”

“Did you ask Rene how she feels about me?”

“No. I didn’t ask her that.”

He dropped his hands, exasperation racking his expression. “So you aren’t even going to give her a chance to tell you that she’s over me. That I don’t matter to her future happiness and that you are free to marry me.”

Paisley’s heart felt as if it would explode. “Is that what you think she’d say?”

“You better believe it. The Rene I knew was upset when she left here, but she’s not the kind of woman to hold a grudge. Even if she hadn’t fallen in love. You know that, too. Don’t you? Deep down, now that you’ve thought it through.”

He was right. She’d been so stupid. She wanted to throw her arms around him. “That’s exactly what she told me.”

“Really?”

“Really, but I didn’t call her to ask her how she felt about us. I’d already made up my mind about what I was going to do before I made the call.”

“Really?” Trace said again, as if at a loss for words.

“Really,” she said, smiling. “Aren’t you curious?”

He nodded. “You’re torturing me.”

She laughed softly. “Then let me remedy that. I called to tell her that you and Zoey are where my heart is and that this is where I’d be staying.”

Trace threw his head back and let out a whoop then swung her into his arms and kissed her as they spun in a circle. She just loved the way he did that! Laughing in relief and happiness against his lips, Paisley had been waiting for this moment for forever, it seemed.

When the world stopped spinning and he lifted his lips from hers she glared at him and gave his arm a weak slap. “But you fired me.”

He grinned and his eyes twinkled like onyx. “Only because you seemed to have a problem with me trying to hire a mother for Zoey. I decided the only way to fix the problem was to fire you and prove to you I wanted you for my wife first. And then as a mother to Zoey.”

She beamed. “What a lovely thing to do.”

His thumbs stroked her neck. “That’s me, Mr. Romantic,” he whispered, sliding his palms up to cup her face. He looked at her with endearingly serious eyes. “And now that you are officially unemployed, will you, Paisley Norton, please marry me?”

Paisley sighed, melting against him. “That is my dream come true. And just so you know, I want to be Zoey’s mother with all of my heart. I know you want her to remember Stephanie and I understand that—she is her mother. Her flesh and blood—”

He silenced her with another kiss and she knew he understood her heart.

“Zoey loves you, and I’ll have you know she sent me after you when she told me in no uncertain terms that you were her mommy.”

Paisley went still and knew she was very nearly about to become a blubbering mess. “Did she really say that?”

He gave her the goosepimple smile and his eyes twinkled. “She said it, all right. And meant it.” He kissed her again, her lips, her eyes, her cheek. “How long do we have to wait before the wedding?” he said. “Please tell me you don’t want a long engagement. But it’s completely up to you. I’ll wait,” he added hurriedly, making her laugh with delight.

“Oh, Trace.” How she did love this man. “Is seventy-two hours okay with you?” She watched his eyes widen in disbelief.

“Are you serious?”

She nodded, more than ready to marry this cowboy! He looked as excited as a kid and then stopped in the act of swinging her up off the floor again—the man loved to pick her up, and she wasn’t complaining.

“What about your special wedding veil?”

She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him close, feeling their hearts beating as one, just the way they should. “This afternoon you told me you loved me. And on the way home everything became clear to me and I knew I had to call Rene. She’s overnighting the veil first thing in the morning.”

Trace leaned his head back and laughed and the husky sound sent her pulse racing. “I love you so much,” he said, then he scooped her into his arms and strode toward his truck.

“Whoa, buster. Where exactly are you taking me?” she asked, knowing she’d go anywhere with him as she locked her arms securely around his neck. She was never going to let go of her dream come true. God was so good she could hardly believe it.

“Home. There’s a cute-as-a-button little girl who has something very important to tell you.”

Mommy. “In that case, can you walk a little faster?”

“Nope,” he said, slowing his pace and tightening his hold on her. “This moment is mine.”

“Oh, Trace,” Paisley sighed and leaned her forehead against his. “In that case, take your time.”

He stopped walking and looked at her with eyes so serious her breath caught in her chest. “I plan to. You are my dream come true, Paisley.”

Paisley sent up a silent thank-you as she cupped her cowboy’s face in her hands and kissed him with all her heart. This moment was theirs, and she had no intention of wasting it…or any of their moments to come.

* * * * *

Dear Reader,

We (Debra and Janet) had such fun putting together these novellas. We’ve noticed that a lot of the people who like to visit Dry Creek also like to drive over to Mule Hollow, and vice versa. So we consider these novellas a special summer gift to our fans. We hope you enjoy them.

When we decided to tell the story of two cousins, we talked about what would make them tick. The first cousin, Rene, has finished grieving for her deceased mother and is ready to seek her own true love. She believes love will come like a lightning bolt and she’ll just know the man who she’s supposed to marry. It looks like it will happen that way until she discovers that the man who she thought she was meant to marry isn’t the one.

Rene learns an important lesson. God doesn’t always work in the way we expect Him to—sometimes He has something even better for us.

Paisley is very protective of her cousin Rene. The last place she expects to find herself is in a situation helping the man who broke Rene’s heart. But for the sake of the little girl, Paisley puts her feelings aside and by doing so finds herself exactly where God wanted her to be.

If you get a moment, let us know how you like these novellas. You can contact Debra Clopton at P.O. Box 1125 Madisonville or via her Web site at:

www.debraclopton.com.

You can contact Janet Tronstad at her Web site:

www.JanetTronstad.com.

Or you can contact Debra and Janet by writing to the Love Inspired editors at Steeple Hill Books, 233 Broadway, Suite 1001, New York, NY, 10279.

Sincerely,

QUESTIONS FOR DISCUSSION

Clay and Rene

The hero of the first novella, Clay Preston, hates to get involved in other people’s problems. Do you ever feel this way? Why or why not? There’s a fine line between not being nosy and not caring. Where do you think Christians should stand?Rene Mitchell, the heroine of the first novella, is brokenhearted that her plans to marry didn’t work out. Can you think of similar plans in your life that didn’t go the way you wanted? What happened?Rene believes in love at first sight because that’s the way it happened in her family history. What things do you believe about love and marriage because that’s the way your parents and grandparents experienced life? Have those beliefs hurt you or helped you in your relationships?When Rene realizes life isn’t going the way she wants it to, she leaves Mule Hollow in search of a new life in Dry Creek. What actions do you take when you want a new start?Rene stops being so upset about what is happening in her own life when she gets involved in helping a young pregnant woman. Do you believe that helping other people can heal a broken heart?As Rene gets married, she wears the wedding veil that has been in her family for generations. Rene and her cousin Paisley share the wedding veil. Do you have a similar wedding keepsake in your family?Trace and Paisley

Trace really made a mess of things when he asked Rene to marry him and caused her to leave town. Have you ever made a rash decision and then wished you could take it back?Paisley put her own feelings toward Trace aside in order to help Zoey. Still she was reluctant to do so. But once she began to see all of the facts and motivations for Trace’s behavior she was thankful God had put her there to help. Have you ever been in a bad situation turned good?Did anything in this book touch your heart? If so, what was it?Trace wished he could have done more for his sister—but we can’t control the decisions that another person makes, even someone we love. What are your thoughts on this? Do you have any insights you could share with the group?God promises that He can take any bad situation and use it for good. In this case He did exactly that. But, do you think if Trace had stepped back and prayed for guidance the moment he found out about Zoey things would have been clearer?In the end of the book Trace tells Paisley that this moment was theirs and he was going to take his time and enjoy it. Do you believe couples need to take time out and make special moments just about themselves and their love? A happy, sound couple who loves the Lord and each other can face anything the world throws their way. What do you think?

We hope you enjoyed this heartwarming 
Love Inspired story.

Love Inspired stories show that faith, forgiveness and hope have the power to lift spirits and change lives—always.

Uplifting romances of faith, forgiveness and hope.

Enjoy 6 new stories every month!

Available wherever books and ebooks are sold.

Learn more at www.LoveInspired.com

Find us on Facebook at www.Facebook.com/LoveInspiredBooks

Find us on Twitter as www.Twitter.com/LoveInspiredBks

SPECIAL EXCERPT FROM

Love Inspired®

A promise to watch out for his late army buddy’s little brother might have this single rancher in over his head. But he’s not the only one who wants to care for the boy… 

Read on for a sneak preview of the fourth book in the 
LONE STAR COWBOY LEAGUE: BOYS RANCH miniseries, THE COWBOY’S TEXAS FAMILY by Margaret Daley.

Nick McGarrett marched into Fletcher Snowden Phillips’s law office in Haven, Texas. It was time the man stepped up and helped a member of his family. Fletcher’s secretary looked up and frowned. As Nick crossed to her desk, he glanced at his mud-splattered jeans and boots. When he’d received a tearful call from Corey Phillips, a ten-year-old second cousin of Fletcher’s, Nick had come straight from replacing a section of a fence on his ranch.

Nick owed Corey’s older brother, Doug. When they’d gone on their last mission together, Nick had promised his combat buddy that after he left the service he would watch out for Corey until Doug could. At the time Nick had thought it would be only a few months until Doug returned home. His friend was killed in that mission by a sniper. Young Corey looked like Doug, who’d always had Nick’s back when they had gone on assignments together.

Nick fixed his gaze on Nancy Collins, hoping it would convey his determination. “I need to see Fletcher now.” He’d lost all patience with the man.

Both of the secretary’s eyebrows rose, and her chin came up a notch. “Do you have an appointment?”

He peered at the closed door to Fletcher’s inner office—shut tightly like the lawyer’s heart. Although she probably knew the answer, Nick said, “No.”

“I can schedule one for next week. He’s leaving soon.”

“That’s okay.” Nick tipped the brim of his brown Stetson and then pivoted and strode into the corridor.

He planted himself against the wall, reclining back with his arms crossed. He was going to talk to the man one way or another. It was in times like this that Nick wished he had enough money to help Fletcher’s cousin financially. All he could do was be there for the ten-year-old who lived twenty miles away in a small town on the other side of Waco.

Today Corey had thought his dad was dead. Nick tried to go over to the small, dilapidated house whenever the boy called. If he couldn’t, Nick would call Mrs. Scott, who lived next door, to help. Today he’d been worried he wouldn’t make it in time if something worse had happened to Ned Phillips than drinking too much alcohol. Thankfully the older woman had stayed with Corey, assuring the child that his father would wake up, which he finally did. Truth be told, Corey shouldn’t even be living with his alcoholic father, who left the child practically to raise himself. Nick had been there as a kid and knew how hard that was.

The door to the office opened, and Fletcher came out.

Nick pushed himself off the wall and stepped in the man’s path. “We need to talk.”

“I don’t have time.”

Fletcher, tall with an imposing paunch, tried to skirt around Nick. He didn’t weigh as much as the lawyer, but his body was muscular from hard work. Fletcher’s idea of exercise was walking to and from his luxury car. Nick blocked his path. “Make time.”

Fletcher scowled. “Is this about Corey again?”

“Yes. You’re his closest relative. If you don’t want to take the boy and raise him, then at least help Ned buy food and clothing.” Nick nearly choked on the first part of the sentence. Fletcher wasn’t good father material either.

“I’m not giving Ned a cent. All he would do is buy more liquor. I’m a bachelor. I always have been. I wouldn’t know the first thing about raising a child. Check with Family and Protective Services. That’s their job.” Fletcher quickly sidestepped and charged down the hall, leaving Nick fuming.

As if he hadn’t tried contacting the authorities. The underfunded and overworked Family and Protective Services had more urgent cases to deal with.

Nick took several deep, calming breaths and then followed Fletcher outside to the parking lot. The wind held a fierce chill even for the first of January. As the lawyer drove away, Nick hurried his pace and welcomed what warmth still lingered in the cab of his old truck.

When Nick had first returned to Haven after being in the army, serving overseas in a war zone, Fletcher had said the same thing—that it was the county’s problem, not Fletcher’s.

Painful memories from the war zone inundated Nick. It had been over a year since he’d returned home to Haven. Too many comrades had died. He didn’t understand why there was so much death and hatred. At first he had prayed, but when he lost one friend while Nick was trying to save his life, he’d stopped talking to God. The Lord obviously wasn’t listening.

As Nick left Main Street and the small downtown area, he passed Fletcher parking his car in front of his large antebellum home a few miles outside of Haven. The large three-story house overshadowed everyone else’s place nearby. Although he came from a family with a long ranching history, Fletcher didn’t live on more than two acres of land. According to Fletcher, ranching was manual labor and beneath him.

The sun near the western horizon sent up streaks of yellow, orange and rose through the darkening blue sky. Even though sunset was less than a half hour away, Nick wore his sunglasses to keep the glare from impeding his driving. Through the last burst of brightness, he glimpsed a car coming toward him. The driver maneuvered it to the shoulder of the two-lane highway and then came to a stop.

As Nick approached, he eased up on the gas. The other car’s emergency lights began flashing. A blond-haired woman opened the car door, swung her long legs around and stood. Standing partially on the road in four-inch heels, she glanced at him as he passed her. He made a U-turn and parked not a yard behind her. The chilly wind blew even stronger than before. The moisture-laden air would produce snow later tonight.

Nick climbed from his truck and strolled toward the lady using her expensive sports car as a shield from the cold northern blast.

“Not for two hours! It’s getting dark.” Her throaty voice with a Southern drawl rose in panic. “I’m in the middle of nowhere.” She paused while the person on the other end said something and then she sighed heavily. “Fine. Seven thirty or eight.” She disconnected and jammed her phone into her leather coat’s pocket.

Her gaze clashed with his, and she backed up against her car door. “I know how to defend myself, mister.”

“Against what? The cold? That short leather jacket won’t keep you warm.” His look skimmed her length, taking in her bare legs and the skirt that came to her knees. She had to be passing through. She had city gal stamped all over and, by the looks of her Corvette, was rich too. It wasn’t that he thought anyone would harm her, but he couldn’t leave her stranded for two hours waiting for a ride from whomever she was talking to.

“When I left Mobile this morning, it was a balmy sixty-five degrees and climbing to eighty until I began heading north in Houston.”

“A cold front is pushing through. If you don’t want to wait, I can drive you to Haven, the nearest town. I know Slim, who owns the garage. Or if you ran out of gas, I can bring you back some. You’re only five miles from Haven.”

She straightened. “I didn’t run out of gas. I have over half a tank. My check-engine light came on when I left Interstate 45. I was praying I could make it to Haven without a problem.”

“Haven?” Why? Who was she visiting? She’d fit in about as well as a fox in a hen house.

“I like a small town. Waco is too big.”

“And you’re from Mobile?” The last time he checked, Mobile was classified as a city.

“South at Gulf Shores. The pace is a little quieter. I noticed you were heading out of town. I’d hate to take you out of your way.” The woman hugged her arms close to her body while she pretended she wasn’t freezing.

“I don’t live too far from here. A few extra miles won’t make any difference.” His horses could wait, and after he dropped her off, he’d call Corey and decide if he needed to see him in person tonight or if he could wait until tomorrow.

“I hate to be a bother.”

In a short time darkness had totally blanketed the landscape, the only illumination coming from his headlights. He didn’t want to leave her alone on the road. There was little crime in the area, but if something happened to her, he’d have a hard time forgiving himself. “It’s up to you. But after sundown, it’s going to get a lot colder fast.” He held out his hand. “By the way, I’m Nick McGarrett.”

The woman shook it. “I’m Darcy Hill. And if you’re sure you have the time to go back into town, then I’d appreciate a ride to the garage. I have a reservation at the Blue Bonnet Inn.”

Reservations? The inn was more of a bed-and-breakfast and did a brisk business in the spring, summer and fall. It was well-known in the state for its hospitality and luxurious accommodations, but in the winter it might be half full at its best. “It’s not far from Slim’s, right off the main street. You might want to get your luggage. Slim will have to tow your car to Haven, and since it’s close to quitting time, he probably won’t take a look under the hood till morning.”

“After being on the road eleven hours, all I want to do is eat and sleep. I can call my auto service back and cancel if you’re sure.”

“Yes, ma’am. I’ll put your luggage in the back of my truck.”

She withdrew her key fob from her pocket and clicked it. The trunk popped open. “I also have some pieces in the passenger seat.”

Nick stared at the back area of her sports car, every inch crammed with her belongings. While he emptied the trunk—two suitcases and some soft bags—Darcy took out a couple more pieces from the front seat. “How long are you staying?”

“Not sure yet. For a while.”

Nick carried the luggage to his truck. Who makes plans to come to Haven for an undetermined amount of time in the winter? The last city gal who came to Haven a while back was now buddy-buddy with Fletcher. They didn’t need another troublemaker like Avery Culpepper in town, even if Darcy Hill was pretty and sure to turn men’s heads.

* * *

Darcy settled herself in the passenger seat of the man’s beat-up truck, called her auto service and then put her cell phone in her purse. She patted the soft leather, reassuring herself that her handgun was still inside. Her dad had insisted she bring it on the long road trip. She was twenty-seven and lived in her own house not far from her parents’ estate in Alabama, but they still worried about her. She was their only child, adopted when she was a few weeks old. In her heart, Mom and Dad were her true parents. They had even supported her trip to Haven.

“Do you know anyone around here?” the cowboy asked as he started his pickup and pulled onto the highway.

“No.” Which was true, but she was hoping to get to know her biological father. She wasn’t sure whether she would approach him or not—especially since her birth mother had made it clear that she didn’t want to meet Darcy. Being rejected by her twice had been a blow. She didn’t want another rejection.

“Most people have a reason to visit Haven.”

She warmed her hands near a heat vent in the dashboard that put out an inadequate stream of hot air. “I’m not most people. When I was a child, I wanted to visit every state. I’ve been in Texas before, but it’s so big I felt I needed to divide it into sections to do it justice.” All technically true. As they neared Haven, she stared out the side window at the lights from a large antebellum house she knew belonged to her biological father. The private investigator who had located Fletcher Phillips had given her a photo of the man’s house, along with other pictures of him. She swung her gaze to Nick, the dim interior lights casting his ruggedly handsome features into the shadows but not concealing the strong slope of his jawline and the broad width of his shoulders. “Now that place makes me feel right at home. Who lives there?”

Nick tensed, his shoulders squaring. “Fletcher Phillips.”

His stern tone sent up red flags. “I get the impression you don’t care for the man. What does he do for a living?” She already knew that but didn’t want to appear suspicious.

“A lawyer,” he spat out as though it were a dirty word.

“You don’t like lawyers or just Fletcher Phillips?” A hard edge entered her words. She’d met her share of people who didn’t like any attorney until they needed one. She worked as one for Legal Aid.

“Not this one. He butts his nose in a situation he shouldn’t but ignores family members he should take care of.”

Darcy swallowed hard, her hand curling around the door handle. Had she made a mistake looking for Fletcher Phillips? Or catching a ride with Nick McGarrett? “Family members?”

Nick slid a glance at her. “You caught me at the wrong time. I just had a run-in with the man over helping his cousins.”

Although she couldn’t see his face completely, she sensed a softness in his expression. “Cousins?” Before coming to Haven, she’d investigated only her biological father, not anyone else who might be kin to her in this area. Now she wished she had dug a little deeper. She was curious about these other relatives. “Why do they need help?”

“Ned Phillips, Fletcher’s cousin, has no business being a father, especially to a young boy.”

Her curiosity grew. “Why?” Maybe she should leave now. No, she hadn’t come all this way to leave because of Nick’s opinion of Fletcher. There were always two sides to a situation. But she made a note to be more cautious about approaching Fletcher.

“Ned has a son, who he neglects—even leaves him alone, usually to go out to drink. Corey is only ten and shouldn’t have to take care of himself. I’ve tried to get Fletcher to at least help the boy.”

“And this Fletcher won’t?” Obviously it had been a good choice to come to town and scout the situation out first before she said anything to Fletcher Phillips—if she ever did. She wanted information, not a father. She already had a wonderful dad who loved her.

“It’s not his problem, according to Fletcher.”

So Fletcher doesn’t care about family? Darcy’s stomach tightened into a knot. She’d known from an early age that she was adopted but always felt as if she were Mom and Dad’s real daughter. They had never treated her any other way. So why set herself up for another disappointment by her birth parents?

“But Corey is your problem?” A lump lodged in her throat as she said the boy’s name. She’d dealt with enough legal cases that involved children, and she always fought for what was right for them. One day she hoped to have her own kids, and she wouldn’t abandon them the way her biological parents had. Although she had a wonderful childhood with a loving, caring mom and dad, it looked like it could have been just as easily the opposite if she hadn’t been put up for adoption.

For a long moment silence reigned in the truck. Then the blare of a country and western song resounded through the cab.

Nick glanced down to see who was calling, and then he pulled over to the side of the road and answered it. “Mrs. Scott, is something wrong?”

The worry in his voice drew Darcy’s full attention. As he listened to the person who had called him, his features slashed into a frown. Something bad had happened. Who was Mrs. Scott?

“I’ll be right there. I’m glad the police are at Ned’s.”

When he disconnected, Darcy asked, “What’s wrong?”

“Corey is missing. I need to go and help look for him.”

Her cousin was missing! She couldn’t walk away from an opportunity to meet and help a relative, especially a ten-year-old boy. And it didn’t hurt that she would be with Nick McGarrett, an attractive—and caring—cowboy. “Let’s go. I’ll help.”

Don’t miss THE COWBOY’S TEXAS FAMILY by Margaret Daley, available January 2017 wherever Love Inspired® books and ebooks are sold.

www.LoveInspired.com

Copyright © 2016 by Harlequin Books, S.A.

ISBN: 9781488025808

A MULE HOLLOW MATCH

Copyright © 2009 by Debra Clopton.

All rights reserved. By payment of the required fees, you have been granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and read the text of this e-book on-screen. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, down-loaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented, without the express written permission of publisher, Harlequin Enterprises Limited, 225 Duncan Mill Road, Don Mills, Ontario, Canada M3B 3K9.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental. This edition published by arrangement with Harlequin Books S.A.

 and ™ are trademarks of the publisher. Trademarks indicated with ® are registered are registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office and in other countries.

www.Harlequin.com

