She has a real spirit.
Selina Kyle...lovely person.
They do take their time. So..Selina Kyle...
Women, huh?
Can I just say what a classy touch the neon urinals are, Mr. Architect?  I just love risking electrocution every time I..
Oh, how long have you had your own route?
There you are darling...Have we met, Lewis Lane, Oasisburg Times.
Oh come on, Cactus, be a man!  The blimp is still on schedule, right?
Catwomen. Lots of them!
Wha-at?
God, can you hear me!
Just hold on!  I'm not done. There are two kinds of men in the world, Selina. In Category A, you have Me. In Category B is everyone who wants to be in Category A, but are too afraid, too weak..!
Boss, we better roll if we're going to hit this place, blow it up, and make that flight..
Don't you feel so much better now that you know everything?  Blink once for yes, twice for..
Priceless...We have a showdown in this alley, right?
Hey, speaking of Wrong Place, Wrong Time.  Lewis Lane to the rescue!
You've lost all motor functions. The poison will kill you in ten minutes.
What about "climbing in?"
The "skylight?" Fool!  It's too high for anybody to climb out the damn skylight...
Even the skylight?
Don't you realize there's nothing you can do, anyway!  Nine minutes and it's all over!  The Fun Palace is a tomb. No one can get out. And choke on this furball: all doors and windows are blocked, locked, and electrified!  Even the glass around the bomb is rigged.
Well then, let's agree to disagree...Now how about a picture for my scrapbook?
You might be right, but Fun is overrated.  I need something real.
Will you please stop fighting?  Just let those people die so we can get on with our new lives together!  Trust me, one day we'll look back on this day and laugh. You got to admit, it's a lot more fun to be the villain.
I know, I know, a Warrior. You're very annoying..Now tell me how to defuse the bomb you've set..
You were right all along--the two parts to a person are the reality and the lie.  I was making good money as a top architect--but that's not who I am. I'm not an architect, I'm a..
Pass!
I've been thinking. I've been thinking about us. I'm sorry I've been so hard no you these past couple days. I realize now it's because you're the only woman who ever understood me and I couldn't handle it!  I've never revealed myself to anyone the way I have to you. Let's blow this town together.  We'll run a bed-and-breakfast in Vermont by day, and by night, we'll dress up and kill anything that...
Oh Honey, it's so much better when we do it without the helmet.
My dog!
At this point, a nap. Oh by the way, I killed your butler and your dog..
What do you want from me?
Winning.
I thought cats were supposed to have nine lives, not thirty one!  What do you think you're doing?
Touchy. Look everybody, it's Casper, the friendly crimefighter...
Cactus, sometimes you don't deserve to wear our logo.
Yeah, this is better than rape.
Resting Up?  Sorry Spooky, I've got to go with God on this one. I hate to think we're just in this for the money.  Garfield's girlfriend crossed a line last night and she's got to get spayed. We're going out of Oasisburg on a win.
Not now, Mammoth. Adonis is right. We've had a good run here--the protection kickbacks from the crime syndicates, the merchandising scams-- Tomorrow night we have a big, violent, complicated and lucrative mission to pull off. We chould be resting up.
Ooh, I've read about this philly. She's the one who gave that wimp Batman all those migraines up in Gotham...
What's the catch?
He didn't remember to roll up his window...
"Dat's gotta hurt!"
I hate innocent bystanders.  Whine, whine, whine. Will he settle?
The shopkeeper on 13th street won't drop the lawsuit--He still claims one of the lasers we fired at the Jenkins gang burned down his store..
I'll put that in the report--after you shoot her.
My, the Perpetrator seems to be a bit on the "Wild" side..
Absolutely.
Car wash, Captain?
I got her...
Quite a little performance you gave in the casino today--for me and that other guy. Come on down, let's chat..
Yeah...pretty gross. Hurry, we've got work to do.
Ah, did you hear that?  Spooky loved you...
I know how you feel, humiliated in the hands of a woman. I'd rather eat my soul on a paper plate...
Sorry man, I didn't mean that personally...
What did you say?
God-damn..
How could I forget. Mammoth--go pet the kitty.
I don't know, Boss, you saw what the big guy did to the last kitty we gave him.
Why am I still troubled...
Right time. That was kind of fun. She had spunk.
I don't know what I was saying. I totally phoned it in last night. I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately...
Boss-man, what were you going on about last night: "I am the Law and I am the Danish..."
Well. I stand corrected.
That is not a man, Captain God. That is Vomit accidentally born with two legs.
Cactus--shooting a man in the back is not very noble.
"Well done," Cactus.
What a "drag."
I know.
I loved you.
Of course it matters!  It throws off everything!  "Superhero" is manhood's highest achievement. Manhood!  Your dirty little secret has diseased us to the core. You were my buddy, my comrade-- women aren't buddies, women aren't warriors!  You tried to turn the Cult of Good into some after-work softball team!  It's time to get thrown from the treehouse...
Why are you--I fought for you with honor.  Why should it matter if I'm a man or a woman, as long as I'm a good warrior.
Just like a woman. You want out. You're out.
I want out of tonight's mission. I can't do it anymore, Captain. I can't let innocent people die to prove our superiority..I can't.
What's the matter with you, Spooky, my most trusted comrade?  We are warriors!  These are the challenges we live for!
I hate it when you get like this. This Catwoman is becoming an obsession. I say we call it a night. Tomorrow is a big day for us...
The Tranquilizer Tranquility will hold for about an hour..where is she? These women are out here on a lark-- Ladies Night at a discotheque.  It's not in their blood the way it is for Catwoman...Where is she?
Oh, I like her. I like her a lot. I want to save this one for later. Something that tasty you don't eat all at once. Go back to your alter- egos, we'll regroup in the morning.
You like them, don't you, Boss.
Just a homeless woman. Wrong place.
Well, you don't see that everyday. Somebody tell me what's the deal with Frida Kahlo here?
A bit sadistic, don't you think, Captain...?
Well, we spent enough time building the damn thing, might as well use it.
Now he'll be up all night...
Oh, I wish they wouldn't feed him like that.
You can't get away with..
Ah, the good guys always triumph in the end. It's what allows our children to sleep at night.
Do you have any idea how much superheroes get paid?  Zilcho. Urban vigilantes with secret identities operating outside the law. Not exactly the stuff of a W-2 form.  If it wasn't for merchandising and corruption and these diabolical "missions"...There is no such thing as heroes and villains, anymore, Selina.  There are only winners and losers. You lost. We won.
I'm supposed to be taking personality tips from you three?  You people were once heroes. You had ideals.  You fought for things.  Spooky told me so...
I know, I should probably tell you, but I just don't feel like it. To be honest, I'm really angry at you. I admired you so much more when you were purely wicked. I mean, look at you now, running around trying to "get to the bottom" of things. Trying to "save the city." It's true we're about to do a very nasty deed, but really, what's it to you?  Since when do you care what happens to a bunch of pathetic Oasiburgians? You're just not yourself, anymore.
How can you say things with such feeling and then turn around and put on a helmet and...Who are you?  Were you sitting on my right or my left at the card table?  Tell me!  Please tell me who you are; you own me that!
You've seen me...
You think so?...Selina?
I still have one left...
Yes. I am the reporter or the architect.  You've been through so much..It looks like you've used up all nine of your lives...
Oh please, sir, one more. Are you the reporter or the architect?
My, those little ears pick up a lot. The Cult of Good will die heroically preventing a world-class heist. Since we will be the ones performing the heist, our deaths will obviously be fake. But have no fear. There will be many other deaths tomorrow...and those will be quite real. I'm afraid these questions of yours put you in a position not unlike a long-tailed tabby in room full of rocking chairs.
"A superhero's job is to protect.." Sorry, I can't take you seriously...I overheard you say that tomorrow the Cult of Good will be dead--I should be so lucky--what did that mean?
A superhero's job is to protect society.  Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke.
It's a lot more fun than fighting violence with pamphlets. That voicebox of yours is a hoot. Say "I'm wearing no underwear"--it'll be funny..  You do know you're evil, don't you?
Hasn't anyone ever taught you that fighting violence with violence solves nothing.
And...your point?
You're not a super-hero. You're not even a hero. You're a scary, sick, fake who made a big mistake. You killed someone very special to me..
Hello, Rachel. I'm Selina.
You know, my name's not Spooky. It's, it's Rachel.
"Save the City?" I don't want to save the city, I want to move!  Listen, I'm sure the computer disc is pretty fascinating and I can't thank you enough for the little weird gold thingie, but..
The Mission is happening tonight..It's up to you to...to save the City...
Oh no, not a computer disc. A computer disc?  Oh man, come on, what do I look like?  I'm not a crime- fighter, I'm not a detective, what, I'm supposed to find some "clues" on this disc. I can't...
And I...I..want you to know our secrets..
For when the..Uh, yeah, thanks, a little gold piece of...gold. Uh...
For when the time comes..
Men, huh?
I heard what you said, Spooky. I can't believe he shot you...
You're not strong. You're scared..scared that someone like me will see right through you. Whatever the Cult of Good was, it's not anymore... You don't have to listen to me, just listen to you..
Can't you understand--I got tired of being a woman. I wanted the respect that only a cape, boots, chestplate, and a mechanical spear can bring..
Whatever you say...Sis.
I don't want to hurt you, Catwoman. Yet.  After tomorrow, you can do anything you want, but please, just stay out of sight for the next 24 hours. I won't stand by and watch my leader get all emotional over an animal like you. I warn you, don't tempt Captain God when he is angry. Let is complete our mission in peace.
Hello, Spooky.
Spear.
Spooky.
Ask me another one--
What's the name of your child's best friend?
How did you know our nanny's name is...Lucky guess!
You mean, "Consuela" is a good mother..
I'm a good mother!
Did you just say "girls?"
You Career girls have no idea what we go through.
You Housewives have no idea what we go through!
Kelly, get to work on those new uniforms.  I'm not running a summer camp here..
What if I were to say "Your Wife"-- as in does she know of your touching mentor-student relationship with the post-Bicentennial babe working the roulette wheel?
What if I were to say "You're Fired?"
Oh Frank, I'm not anti-male, I'm anti- you. Believe me, there's a difference.  Kelly is designing new uniforms for next week. Pay her and thank her. And is it a rule that the hottest places on the planet have the coldest air conditioning.  There's something out there called 73 degrees, look into it.
Hey, you're anti-male.
Can I be frank, Frank?  Your entire existence is sexual harassment. I accept there's not much you can do about it.
Oh, what?  I offer you a job in implied exchange for physical favors and suddenly it's "sexual harassment..."
Stop.
There you are, Selina. I've been thinking..I have some.."positions" opening up..
Yeah, as in born before..Ooh, I suppose it's "sexual harassment" to give a woman a compliment. Sheesh. Come on, gentleman...
"Pre-bicentennial babe?"
You know, Kyle, you're still pretty hot for a pre-Bicentennial babe...
What's the good news?
You're late. I've got some good news and some good news. I'm giving you more hours and the new uniforms came in.
I'll let you know.
We have to do something. What can we do to help, Selina?
Have you seen the Oasisburg Police? They drive golf carts with little red sirens.
Okay. Let's get serious. Of course I know the Cult of Good is not good. Ever since I saw what they did in Atlanta, it has been my mission to expose them. I've followed them to Oasisburg and soon will have enough hard evidence to bring them to real justice. That computer disc could be the final piece to the puzzle. This isn't just a story, Selina--another damn Pulitzer--this is my life.
You know, now that I hear myself tell it, I'm thinking maybe both of you are messing with me. What, you get the Helmet Monday through Thursday, then Brock takes it for the weekend...
Then there's you, Louis, sneaking through back alleys and surprise visiting me at my home..Both of you have been way too frisky from the get- go. I'm actually a pretty amazing person--funny, smart, attractive when I get my sleep--but you two had no way of knowing that-- when I met you both I was basically a morose, depressed amnesiac incapable of any human feeling. The only reason one of you wanted to go out with me is because you knew I was Catwoman.
Not too cool...
Lose the smile, Mr. Good Reflexes. We were having a pretty okay time the other night--good food, good conversation--some Catwomen show up and it's "You need cab fare?; I got to go to my Hideout--Oh, I'm sorry, I mean "warehouse."
Fine, fine, at a later date, I'll be more than happy to talk about my perverse psychological complexities with the one who's not the creep. But for now, I'm drilling inside your brains...I bring up the whole Catwoman thing for one reason.  I bit Captain God in the hand and the next day you both show up equipped with big bandaids and wobbly excuses--  "My grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender.."
Some reporter I am..all this time my story is right there in front..I have a lot of questions.
I'm not through. This will come as a shock. Again, to one of you. I am Catwoman. The Catwoman.
Hey, architect--she's joking. Right, Selina?  Selina?
Uh-huh..
You are...
You can't figure me out. You're the strange one..
I give up. I give up.--I can't figure you out. Not gonna try.
You're scaring me, Selina.  Do it some more.
Go together?  Sure, why not?  Another date with someone who could be an insane messenger of death for all I know. No offense. Hey, lean over, let me smell your breath..Say in a deep voice, "A superhero's job is to protect..."
I'm afraid last night was the last straw of our city's tourists. The Mayor, in his finite wisdom, is throwing a "Month of the Woman" luncheon ball for the public this afternoon to try and calm everyone down. I thought maybe you and I could...
Hey, I thought...
I was doing my job. At the risk of sounding egotistical, I didn't become the best reporter in the world sitting by the phone. I was chasing tail all night--I was not spying, intentionally, on your hot and heavy date with "Brock Leviathan, architect."  I can't believe he ordered white wine.  You do know white wine is not real wine...
I said I saw you last night. What were you doing hiding in that alley, running off when the superhero alarm sounded...
I'm having a hard time picking up your signal this morning--What did you say?
Like you don't know...
About the same. Thanks for asking...Damn blender.  Okay, I can't stand it anymore, I'm dying to know--Did you try on some whiskers last night and hit a 7-11 along with all those other women? You had to have thought about it--a Catwoman for a night?
Nothing. How's your hand?
What?
Did you try to kill...
Actually, yes.
Oh, do you turn around every time somebody just shouts at you?
Yes, you shouted the words "Captain God" at me for no reason...
You turned around!
What did--?
Hey, Captain God!
I thought you'd like a ride to work.  You don't own a cat, do you?
Next time, call...
Well. I'd let you come in, but the place is a mess...
No, of course not. You're listed. Not the hut, exactly, but the rest of..
Ah!  You scared me!  How did you know to come here!  Have you been spying..
Good morning.
Ah!  Ah!--God no, don't tell me you're one of those women who are attracted to ruggedly handsome and brilliant architects..
I am. Dinner with Brock Leviathan...
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...
But of course you are.
Oh the hand--my grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender and..You know, I realize I've never officially introduced myself...I'm Lewis Lane.
Oh now this one is mine...
Enough.
How much?
I actually got some memory back last night.
Sorry, I get carried away. Once I become interested in someone, I can't stop trying to figure them out...Amnesia victims are challenging..
Most articles focus on the first half of her name--describing some feline monster.  I want the woman of Catwoman. After all, if it was a man dressed as a cat, the story would be on page 23--just another loony. Oh, I want this one. I want her bad..
Yeah, she's okay.
What is it with women and Catwoman? Men have the courtesy to punish the weak, but women love punishing the strong. Don't get me wrong--this Catwoman is a terrifying, subversive menace to everything this community stands for and she must be stopped. It's just, I like her a lot.
I don't know what came over me.
Uh. "Thanks?"
A genuine woman of mystery in Oasisburg.  Amnesia. Bulletholes in exposed stomach badly concealed with body make-up.  Beautiful, intelligent eyes that have no business in "Frank's Fun Palace" or anybody else's Fun Palace for that matter..
"I'll go out with you." Now go get me these old newspapers...
Okay, deal.
What if I say I'll go out with you, so you can have all these great daydreams, but then never actually talk to you again?
It's seeing-eye dogs, ma'am. If I let the cat stay, will you go out with me?
But I'm blind.
I'm sorry, ma'am, there are no pets allowed in the library...
Trust me, you won't have to.
I don't know if I can do it alone.
Do you always listen to what your mother says?  Selina. Something you choose your life. Sometimes your life chooses you.  Save the day..
But I'm not a hero. I'm nobody's heroine..I'm nothing. You've said so yourself many times.
Yes, you do. You have to go rescue all those people...
Mom, not now!  I, I don't know what to do..
I hate it when you let your hair just hang like that...you have such pretty eyes...
They're going to attack Frank's Fun Palace!
Yes, I'm pretty amazing. You should see this...It came this evening.
I never thanked you..the arrow..the motorcycle..the computer disc..You're so different from what I..and so the same.
What kind of name is "Brock Leviathan?"
Mom?  Oh Mom, I messed up...
It's because I didn't come in. I live in the Hut, now. I meant to tell you..See ya.
Where were you last night?  I didn't hear you come in.
Because she asked me--and I couldn't very well turn her down. Don't you remember-- of course you don't remember--that "Hag" is the one who brought you to that hospital in Gotham City. For what it's worth-- currently not much--we owe her your life...When I think about a single woman in Gotham City--amnesia is probably the best thing that could happen to a girl like you...Oh, don't forget your visor.
Uh, it's just--that woman out there-- that horrible Hag. She's the one who keeps following me on her creepy little scooter--And now she's built a hut in the back..Why did you...
Don't sneak up on me...
Oh, so now even the keepers of the city don't meet your standards...You're late.
I'll take your abuse, but it's way too early for the sanctimonious Cult of Gag...
Pretty good...Mom, I don't want you to think I don't appreciate...letting me stay, getting me the job--I've been a mess. I'm still a mess. It's just...we have to start having a different conversation. I can't take..
It's funny, I've heard of giving up finding a man and raising a family to pursue a career. And I've heard of foregoing a career to start a family-- but I think you're onto something new, Selina. "Absolutely nothing"-- Has a ring to it. I think it could catch on...How's that for sarcasm?
Maybe.
Is every single thing out of your mouth since your "accident" have to be a monotone mumble of cheap sarcasm?
Oh Mommy, you're embarrassing me.
Oh, I forgot to tell you, you're on a diet...The fact you're still reasonably pretty is the one thing you got going for you.
A hearty breakfast is the start of a great morning...
Yes, Mother. Dear.
You're late.
Thanks.
Nice breasts.
You going to talk all day?
You're the One. I thought I told you to stay hidden behind the couch, CAT! You've torn the unit apart.  You've driven a great leader insane...
The kicks..the rush..you mean, like pulling heists..faking your own deaths..killing innocent bystanders...like Mexican angels.  I know you're a woman. Do you?
I'm not sad, no, I owe the Captain my life. It's just you think you want to help prevent crime, but you realize that's too complicated. It's a lot more fun to punish crime. Then after a while, you don't care what's a crime and what's not, what you became a Warrior for. You just want the kicks. The rush.
You seem sad, Spooky.
We met on the Internet. The Captain put out a cryptic message calling for a new order of crimefighters. We don't even know each other's true identities...
What's it like being a superhero?  It must be frightfully exciting..How did you guys all get together?
Oh pooh, come now. If you turn me down, I just might throw a fit..you know how us girls can be..
I'm sorry, Miss, one of us needs to keep surveillance...
What's a powerful man like you standing all alone for?  Dance with me?
I would appreciate a little space. Thank you.
I don't see anybody in there but you.
I know.  But it's an emergency. Somebody dying.  Okay?
This is one way.
Any place.
Where do you think you're going?
Hey Buddy!  Can you let me pull over?  Give me some space to pull over.
I won't let him.  He belongs to me now.  Bye, sweetie.
I know he's there!  He doesn't even have the balls to pick up the phone!
I'm sure he'll be heartbroken.
He ran out on me to be with you? Well fuck him!  Everything worked twice as good without him.  We didn't need him then and I don't need him now.
Taking messages.
What are you doing on Theo's line?
Matter of fact I did have a kid once.  But he's a lot better off with his father in Milwaukee.
Don't you have children?
I'm sorry for whatever's happened to you but we're definitely not the right people to do you any good.
Do I hear a woman's voice?
Was someone in an accident?
Any trouble, we whip out our Treasury Department badges -- show them the wire I'm wearing and read them their rights.  Theo seizes the Krugerands as evidence. Naturally they start negotiating. Offer to give us up somebody else. And we listen.  Take notes on who bought what stolen art and tell them we have to clear it with our superiors at Justice.  We pick up their passports -- escort them to their room and leave them all in the bathroom handcuffed to the plumbing.
I am not!  Fuck you!  Theo's a genius.
Oh.  Seems yours girlfriend is casting doubts on your expertise.
What if they do question the authenticity?
Wake up.  Make a right at Ocean Avenue.  The hotel's a few blocks up on the left.
This is my conversation.  I'll say what I fucking please.
Have you got to tell her your life story?
That's all we need.  Better let me drive.
Be careful.  There were people in that crosswalk.
I'm sorry.  You'll do all right without me.  Keep my share.
You gotta just look the other way.
Then whose is it?
I know you feel awful but it's not your responsibility.
Look -- I've got the lives of maybe three innocent people hanging on the end of this line.
He's right, Theo.  She might not be around to back up your story. You could end up in the middle of this.
This Mercedes of yours, what's it look like?
Will you two cut it out?
Did you have to tell her my name?
Theo wants to talk again.
She can't!  It's busted.  Now hand that on back!
I'm not finished.  Under other circumstances I'd gladly go out of my way.  I don't understand why you just don't phone some other person.
I know where it is.  Give me that phone back.
How was I in the wrong?
He's at it again.  Like that night at the Emerald.  This piece of Euro-trash is slapping shit out of his little wife in a back booth -- so Mr. Good Deed here has got to step in and pound the fucker's head into the wall.  Meantime "Wifey" recovers enough to pull off her high heel and nearly take our hero's eye out.  It took six stitches.
I'm trying to help somebody. Okay?
Me, he won't stay on the phone with for five fucking minutes without bitching.
Say something ...
You couldn't hurt me.  But it's the principle.
I didn't hurt you.
So what?  What could be important enough to put your hands on me?
You could've made me lose my call.
What was that for?
I'll explain later.  I'm sort of on hold.
Who's on the phone?
I'm not staying in here with him puking all over the place.  Get this door open!
We've already got an ambulance on the way.  Don't try to get out.
No reason to kill innocent bystanders.  Shit.  I can't hardly move my neck.
It was the fugitive in the Chrysler that caused this.  We were trying to overtake him.
You could've killed us.
Are you guys all right?
I want the gun emptied.  I want to see all six slugs tossed up here. And then I want out.  That's all. <u>OUT</u>!
I told you I should've cuffed him.
I'm the one they'd be looking for.
Which is why we had a lot more to worry about than the law.  These are people who don't worry about reading you your rights.
Mind letting me make the best of a rotten situation?
Can you make him stop!
Yeah, I suppose getting whacked has got to be one of your best ways to die.  Particularly if you're not expecting it.  You don't know what hit you.
Bear right till the fire road ends.  It's not far.
How do we get back to the freeway?
Any time you decide to let me in on it.
You missed.
Only I was sloppy.  I let you take me out.  That was quite a humiliation.
Or relieve me of it later.
In case you crapped out it was my job to go after that briefcase.
Yes sir.
Nels reporting in.  Sit down where you are.  Arms folded.
You almost brain me and lock me in a fucking trunk and you're on my side?  You stupid fuck!
You got it wrong.  I'm the one that's on your side.
Lady, don't let him do it!
See for yourself, federal agent, U.S. Treasury.  On the job.
What's this?
I'm going to level with you officer.
Let's have your license, mister.
Why would I do that?
What'd you do?  Tail me from Brentwood?
They'll wait.  Meantime, raise the lid.
I got to get going.  An agent is showing me a house up on Broad Beach in ten minutes.
Now that'd be a misdemeanor.
I'll see that he stays calm.  Pack the money up and put it in the trunk.
You never miss a trick.
Put those away.  We can't have marks on his wrists.
Now turn around.  I'm going to cuff you.
So Theo and Nels will appear to have whacked each other out and we never existed.  A thing of beauty. Jesus, the shit you come up with!
I prefer to have the sucker die at a more convenient location.  Once Nels arrives with his backpack full of goodies.
You can tell she was really worried about me.
With all those holes Nels pumped in I knew you wouldn't suffocate.
It took you long enough to get my ass out.
What else did you expect him to say?  Do it, Theo -- or give me the gun.
Look, I've got a wife.  I don't care if either of you ever get caught.
He's seen both of us now.
Sure -- and they record your voice.  And later on we all get slammed for kidnap and murder. That's out!
Okay, okay, Lenore, calm down. Either let me call the school or better yet, the F.B.I.
What do you keep making me out to be?
In any event, whatever occurs you do not belt anybody.
Satisfied, Wiseass?
Got your badge?
It's rolled up in the tube on the floor back there.
Let's hope so.  Once you come out and okay everything I'll give Caitlin the sign that she can bring the painting on over.
I improved on the fucking original.
First off, this Mr. Chow Yen doesn't speak a lot of English. The girl with him will interpret. There will be a third person to accompany you into the men's room where you can take count.  I hope you know Krugerands better than they know a <u>Hockney</u>.
Go ahead then.  I'm covering the receiver.  She can't hear.
We still gotta run the drill before we walk in that lobby.
<u>You're</u> doing all the talk.
That's illegal.  You want us pulled over?  I'll turn around at the corner if you'll shut the fuck up.
Make a "U" and go back.
And stop with the directions.
Shit.  There's the hotel.  You overshot the driveway.
If you know that just back off.
Just like they say; no fucking self control.
I don't like anybody laying their hands on me.
That's what I deserve for listening in the first place.
Just hand up on the bitch!  Fuck you, madam.  And goodbye!
Will you relax?  This in no way affects our business.  Go on.
What do you mean tip the cops?  Is the man a lunatic or what?
Wait!  I hear her breathing now. There, she just picked it up again.
That's your "rep."
Bullshit.
That was definitely out of line and totally unprovoked.  I heard you were a hitter.
Not this minute.
We have never worked a gig together but I am a firm believer in preparation.  So let's go over this again step by step.
It's taken care of.
You switched license plates?
Give me 20 minutes at least.
We've had our share of fuck-ups but it's going to work out fine.
I was worried about you.  Both of you.
Any minute.
I'm still in my cab -- jammed up in traffic.  Are you there yet?
Nels?
There's a taxi stand here.  I can meet you.
He took it like a man.  Toss him in that drainage ditch.
Allow me.
Don't fuck around.  Pop a cap in him.
We'll toss it when we make the blind curve.
Lose the hardware now.
What am I supposed to do?
Nels, don't let that cop pass you.
I'm doing fine.  Theo wants to deal.
I thought you said you could handle him.
I told you ... sooner or later you'd have to trust me ...
Sure, like I'm gonna take advice from you.
My fence in San Francisco ... 305-4410.  Maurice.  Don't take less than a third on the face value of those bonds.
I don't want it.
I've got ... one last number for you, Theo ...
-- The phones, Theo.  Don't leave any of them behind.  The cops could pull up a record of all our calls and -- find you.
Turns out you did me a favor. You're looking at a rich man.
I picked the wrong number when I chose you ... didn't I?
Toss them -- one at a time.  I don't want to lose count.
Five ... six.
Pull over!  Pull over someplace.
It's going to be some fucking snowstorm.
You won't live to see it.
Think about what's going to happen to your valuables when that trunk flies open at 75 miles per?
Take your hand out of there. Slowly.
Know what else is in here?
Local lawyer for Dominican dealers.  Off to buy a half interest in a mall in Granada Hills on their behalf.
Exactly who was this Oberfeld?
Took preparation.
Some nice fantasy you all cooked up for me.
That's a skill you acquire when you do fantasy phone sex for a living. I must've had thirty regulars salivating at 4.99 per minute.
Just sitting here listening to her voice does it to me all over again.  No harm admitting I fell in love with the sound of you.
Nothing but CDs in there.  I thought maybe you'd like some Celine or Whitney.
Both hands on your lap.
He let the fucking cop out -- but he won't --
I'm handling it.
That's how it's going to be.
That's not good enough.
I'm going to cuff you and leave you in that house.  It may take awhile but you'll be found after we're long gone.
Only one way to find out.
Maybe your friends already accomplished that chore for us.
Naturally.
Naturally.
You're the man with the gun.
Which one of us is elected to do the deed?
We can't leave him to repeat anything.
What's your point?
He might've heard everything we said in the car.
That's a reasonable possibility.
The cop in the trunk -- he could still be alive.
What's really on your wicked little mind?
How about "later?"
Sooner or later you'll learn to trust me.
Yeah, I was waiting for that suggestion.
We had a backup plan.  But I knew you'd come through for me.
You've had a lot of fun with me today.  What would you have done if I hadn't responded to your call?
As a child I hated being told how sweet I looked.  That angelic little face wasn't me at all.  I had to hurt people to prove to them they had the wrong image. Sometimes words were enough -- but I wasn't beyond inflicting physical pain in order to be taken seriously.  I enjoyed seeing the shock on their poor faces when they realized who I was.  That same look you gave me when I turned the gun on you.
Who'd ever think, to look at you?
I need a break.  I've been on a marathon run ever since I had the misfortune to strike up a conversation with you.
Why are we stopping?
Developer ran out of money years back.  I'd hate to think about what's living in there.
I had it in my mind what you'd look like.  "Her," I could've painted.  <u>You</u>, I'd be afraid to turn my back to mix the colors.
Think you could do a picture of me?
That's where this Chicano correctional officer first taught me to slap paint on a canvas.  I could copy any fucking thing he put in front of me.
They did some great job of reforming you.
I was sentenced to a youth camp out here when I was fourteen.  We cleared some of these same roads.
Any idea where you're going?
The money, Nels ... ?
Wonderful feeling of security knowing your adversaries are both crippled and unarmed.
I can't hear.  Now there's a siren.  They must be in an ambulance.  What about the money?  Nels?
What's happening?
Some people fall apart in a pinch. But you shine.
That's why we're turning off onto a fire road.
They'll have units blocking us up ahead.
Ask them.
Do you think they'll walk away?
Dial him up.  We need him to run interference.
259-7881.
What's Nels' number?
No, there's a police car way back there.  See it, in the distance coming around the turn?  The van is blocking it now.
It could be a fire.  This is Malibu.
Let me talk to him.  Hold the phone to my ear -- but don't nudge me.
Did you hear that?
Plus names, addresses and I.D. for the lot of you.  We're in this together and I need to know who my partners are.  In case I ever need to roll over on somebody.
He wants 75 back.
Inform him the fee is seventy-five large for your return.  All parts intact.
I'm still okay.
Then scream for me.  A repeat performance.  Let me see how easy you can turn it on.  Scream!  I want to hear you scream for me!
Stop talking like that!
Yes I would.  Not kill you.  But blow off a few toes, absolutely. I'm entitled to that as retribution.  It'll help you to remember me in years to come -- every time you put on stockings. They must have prosthetic toes by now -- with little nails on them you can polish --
You wouldn't --
Only in the leg or the thigh. You'd live but you just wouldn't wear shorts.
You could've hit me.
Now you're starting to sound like a victim again.
You're enjoying this too much.
I think it was my tone of voice more than anything else that sold you.  And when you thought I was being kicked around, I wish I could've seen your face.
I guess I ought to stop seeing woman as victims.
Naturally you didn't learn your lesson.
You were at the Emerald that night?
Oh no, you were too busy trying to keep some Croatian from slapping the shit out of his girlfriend. She showed her gratitude by almost taking your eye out with her spiked heel.
You, I would've noticed.
I knew you were a loser the first night I laid eyes on you.
What's that supposed to me?
A typical fuck-up.
Those shots your associates got off may not have done him too much good.  That's on their head.  All I did I was put him there.
I don't hear him moving around anymore.
Granted, the cops are not an alternative.  Certainly not with one of their own still locked in my trunk.
The one thing you don't want is to attract the police.
I'm not trying to lose them.  Nor am I exceeding any speed limits.
He seems to be headed for Topanga.
Absolutely.  And Topanga Canyon has a hell of a lot of potholes if I recall.
Do you have to point that?
We might hit a bump and the gun might go off.  Ever see that Tarantino movie -- where Travolta blew that guy away in the back seat -- purely by accident?
You won't shoot me.  That's not your style.
Not all.  They already have a third.  The question is how much of that are they willing to give to get you back?
He seems to think he's entitled to it all.
Tell them I'm keeping what's left. I earned it.  I probably killed some poor bastard for it.
Assure them that you're being well treated.
There's no way out for you.  You have to deal with us.
Your friends are probably still on the line.  Pick it up and say hello.
Shit.  You couldn't be in much worse shape.
L.A.P.D.
Who's in back?
You knew about me.
Nobody's easier to con than a con man.
Why pick me to be your "mark?"
Sit completely still with both hands on the wheel -- until they get here.
There was <u>no</u> cop involved.  Oh shit!  Fuck!
I thought it was inspired.
And all that crap about your driver being murdered by a cop --
As they say -- no good deed goes unpunished.
I got what I fucking deserved.  I had it all.  I could've kept going!
They always pick Rachel up early on Thursday.
You timed that beautifully.
Plus they'll remember you going after his daughter at school.
At least one.
The video cameras will put you with him in the bank, and I'll bet there were enough witnesses.
Damned if I know.
Jack Oberfeld in person.  Did you kill him?
The guy with the transplant.
It belongs to the man you took it from.  Or should I saw <u>stole</u> it from?
Whose money is this?
There isn't any such person.
You're not Lenore Oberfeld.
The rest of the money is here in the car.  Why don't you come and get it?
Why are you telling him that.  Are you crazy?
He had a gun.  I have it now.
Hand me the phone.
For Christ sakes don't point it at me.  We want to get Rachel out of there in one piece.  I'm waiting for the girl.  Her mother wants to talk to her.
Somehow I got along better with you on the phone.  It's all there isn't it?
They put their hands all over me.
So far they're keeping their part of it.
They tortured us.  And you're going to let them have all that money?
We've almost got your husband and your daughter out.  So don't get any ideas.
You're going to let them get away with this?
Because a lot of people would've gotten killed.  Probably all the wrong ones.
Why didn't you just shoot them?
Now I have -- it's a long story.
Include me in that.
She'll never be the same.  None of us will.
She'll be with you soon.  They're pulling up.  They'll realize I kept my part of the bargain.
Rachel was terrified when I left her.  I could see it in her eyes.
Shit.  I'm sorry.
It's locked.
Just start walking.  Come on. Walk to me.
Rachel -- Oh my God.
I'm sorry.  You've thought this out better than I ever could.  I'm ready now.
Once you're in the car with me she's sure to come to us.
All right.  Now that you explain it I see that you're right.
She's a child.  She might panic. She doesn't know me.  She might not come to me.  She might just run.
Why can't it be her?
They won't allow that.  It's one at a time.  And you have to be first.
Yes.  But I want Rachel to come with me.
Can you walk?
Yes.
Don't start thinking about it.  Is the tape off?
I can't do it.
She's next.  In two or three more minutes she'll be free.
I'm not leaving my daughter behind.  Not with them.
Lenore -- you promised you'd follow instructions.  We're almost there.  Simply get out when they slide the van open and walk to me.
Put the man back on.
Yes sir.
Now you're going to do just what I tell you to.  No discussion.  No hesitation.
Yes.
You're all three of you in that van?
He's in back.  Lying face down. They haven't hurt him anymore -- but he was crying.  I never heard Jack cry before --
Your husband?
She's awake but she hasn't spoken. I don't know what they did to her. I don't want to think about it.
That's coming off.  How about the girl?
They wrapped tape around my wrists and ankles.
Are you okay?
Thank you.  God bless you for helping us.
They're tied with duct tape so they can't speak -- but they seem to be --
I'm in possession of the bag he was carrying.  And I'm in a position to negotiate.  What about your husband and your child?
God, if he doesn't come back --
I had a little encounter at the bank and our Mr. Transplant ended up under the wheels of a Chevy.
What did you do?
Lucky for them they didn't.
They dragged me downstairs.  I thought they were going to kill me.
Hi Lenore.  It's me.  I got you back.  Courtesy of Star 69.  Are you hurt?
Yes?  Yes?
Try what you did before.  It worked before.  I won't talk anymore.
No.  I hear them.  They're coming upstairs.  They know!
Don't panic.  I might be wrong.  Hello?  I guess I was wrong.
Downstairs.  There must be an extension.  Oh my God --
Or somebody else there is listening in --
Yes -- I think so.  Another crossed line?
Did you hear that click?
No.
Did you jiggle the phone?
When they first started questioning Jack -- he answered them in that tone he usually reserves for me.  And they began beating him.  And I watched.  And I didn't feel anything ... What kind of a person am I?
You can't give up.
Because you're probably the last person I'll ever talk to.
Why tell me this?
Jack hasn't loved me for years. And now I'm afraid she's turning out to be like him.  So cold and distant.  I've let him make her like that.
I've got a lot of respect for you too.  For the way you feel about your family.
But I guess we haven't really met -- have we?
Yeah, sure that's me.  Ask anybody.
Theo, I want you to know, you're probably the most decent man I've ever met.
It won't be him.
If it's the tall man -- he had one of those hair transplants.  Tufts, you know.  It still hasn't grown fully in.  The other one is from the islands.  Braided hair -- very dark.
I might still get there first. The lights are with me.  How would I identify the guy who shows up at the bank?
The front door slammed.  Someone went out.  There's a different car starting.
What's going on?
Don't talk.  Don't talk!
How come everybody turns out to be a crook?
To hide it from the I.R.S.
You're doing what you can.  Why's all this money stashed?
Oh my God.  I heard her scream again.  What are they doing to her?  Why can't I do anything to stop them?
I'm pretty good at signatures myself.
It's not hard to do.  I do it all the time.
They've still got to be able to sign his name.
Jack was only at that branch once when he took the box years ago.
They'll recognize it's not your husband.
I'm not supposed to -- but I do. Millions in cash and bearer bonds.
Do you know what's in that box?
Don't say that.
Not a chance.
Jack will negotiate with them. He'll identify the right key and give them the information they need to gain access and they'll let Rachel go.
I'm cutting across to Bundy to Brentwood.  That bank is our best bet.  If anybody shows up I could follow them.
Even if you found us -- what then?
Which means you can't be more than five or ten minutes from here.
I heard someone pulling in behind the house.  I heard Rachel screaming and then she stopped all of a sudden.  I don't know what they did to her.
I'm not doing too well.  What's the matter?
Black Mercedes, 600S.
What do you mean?
Wait just a minute.  Our luck has changed.
The City National on San Vincente.
What bank?
The one in Brentwood.
You said they wanted to get into some particular safety deposit box?
When Jack sees they've got Rachel HE'LL tell them what they want to know.
I should've put them out of the car and come sooner!
It's not your fault, Theo.  You tried.
He's copying down my license -- for all the good it'll do him.
I'm trying to.
Don't say anything.  Don't alarm them.  Just go!
She's gone --
What's happening?
I've got to ask somebody.
No.
Does she wear glasses?
That's not her.
Does she have a red ribbon on that ponytail?
Great.  Stay with me.  There must be a hundred kids out here.
I can hear you again, clearly.
Lenore, I'm here.  I'm getting out.
I'm making my turn.  I see the school up ahead.
Make a right.  You can't miss it.
I've lost you.  You're gone.  I can't hear anything.
There are cables overhead.  Hang on.  It'll clear up.
You're breaking up.  I can't hear you.  Theo?
That makes two of us.
I have no right to ask for help. I've never thought of anybody but myself.
I'm about ten blocks from the school.
I wasn't always like that.  I don't think I was.
A price on everything.
I didn't mean to.  It's just the way I am.
Shit, stop with the money!  I never asked for a nickel.  I was just doing this.  And you have to fuck it up with a price tag.
I'm afraid if I stop talking I'll lose you.  Just name any reasonable amount and it's yours.
Lady, you don't have to keep up a running commentary.
I suppose if you're a struggling artist you need a patron.
They say my work is somewhat derivative.
I didn't mean to insult you. You're an artist.
Pictures.
Our house always needs touching up.
Sometimes I paint.
What do you do for a living?
Well you did.
I'm sorry if I caused you to lose your business deal.
I sure as hell got my wish.  She doesn't exist.  So maybe you reached the appropriate person after all.
And that was the end of it?
It never healed.  I called her a lying bitch and everything else and I hung up on her.  "Click." You don't exist.
I didn't mean to open up any old wounds.
Hey drop it, okay?
A woman?
I don't know.  I hung up on somebody else a long time ago, and later on I wished I hadn't of.
Why didn't you do what your friends wanted and just -- get rid of me?
I don't know.  80 or 90 minutes, tops.
How much time do you have left on it?
Where's the fucking recharger cord?  Must be in her car, dammit.
I'm not looking to get myself killed.  I just hope the battery on this phone holds out.
They say she resembles me -- dark hair, ponytail, very dark eyes. They all wear the same uniform.  Please.  Be careful.  The man driving the car must have a gun.
Tell me what she looks like.
Forget about us.  Just save Rachel.
What do you think I'm doing?  I'm on my way to the school like you wanted.
What are you doing now?
I kind of dropped them off.  They were getting on my nerves.
What about the others?
Hello?  It's just me and you again.
Another minute.
Will you please speak to me! Theo?
Just hang on.  I've got a life of my own.
Why isn't anyone answering me?
She would if she heard my voice on the phone.
Even if I got there first she wouldn't go with me.
26th off Wilshire.
Forget who I am.  Where's this school located?
"Theo?"
He's right?  Look, don't try to put blood on my hands.  You've got one hell of a nerve siding with him!
He's right.  You'll get my whole family killed.
They don't know you.  They won't listen.
Let me call the school -- tell them not to let her go.
The bigger man is driving our Mercedes to the school.  Rachel will recognize the car.  She'll get right in.
Bottom line!  There's nothing I can do for you but tip the cops.
They know Jack will give them what they want once they have her.
What do they need her for?
Rachel, my daughter.  She's an honor student at Parker.  My God, she's only nine.
Stop throwing names at me.
Rachel!  They're going after Rachel now -- and I can't stop them.
I'm with two friends now.
Don't move around.  You don't want to puncture a lung.
They just walked out.  The smaller man -- he must be Dominican or Haitian -- he kicked me so hard. I felt a rib crack but I never made a sound.  It's starting to hurt now -- real bad.  A throbbing.  I can't even take a deep breath.
I'm fine.  She's back on.  Hello?  I'm here.
I can't stay on this line.  I'm picking people up.  I'm already overdue.  Hello? 
I hear them coming upstairs.  I won't be able to talk for awhile. I have to lay the phone down and pretend to be asleep.  So don't talk.  Don't say a word or they'll hear it.
Fine, no tunnel.  Are you still with me?  Hello?
Shit!
Please.
I'm in traffic.  There's no place to turn.
No don't.  You could lose me for good.  Don't go through that tunnel.
Listen, there's an overpass coming up.  I may lose you for a minute.
Then they took the Mercedes away -- with his body in it.
Oh man.  These people mean business.
Elliot -- our driver.  The officer put his gun to the back of Elliot's head and -- fired.  It was so quick.
Who?
He pulled us over as we left the Riviera Tennis Club.  Claimed we'd run a stop sign.  And when Elliot was reaching for his license --
What makes you say that?
One of them <u>is</u> a cop.
The cops could trace this call back to you.
No!  No police.  They'll know right away the authorities are looking for us.  They'll kill us. We've seen their faces.
Okay.  The police are gonna need your full name and address.
No -- nothing.
Well isn't there a number on the goddam phone?
I have no idea.  They put us in the back of a van with blacked out windows.  The shutters up here are nailed shut.
Where'd they take you to?
They tortured my husband.  Made him give them the pin numbers of our accounts.  Once they get what's in the safe deposit box they'll kill us.
Why would anybody want to hurt you?
Then hang up!  Do it!
Don't lay this on me!
Because you know you'll be killing us.
Oh won't I?
You won't disconnect.
I am not involved.  Keep clicking your little wires.  You'll get someone else.  Good luck.
I realize you don't want to be involved.
Don't expect me to tell you who I am.
My name is Lenore Oberfeld.
I don't want to know --
My name is --
You're the one who's not to be believed.
I don't believe you.
You're not doing anything to me -- because -- listen to this carefully -- I do not care.
I'm sorry.  I'm so sorry to do this to you.
Well I'm not tolerant of being bothered with this bullshit story when I'm about to make the most important score of my life.  This has gotta be some "put-on," right?
They gave me pills to make me sleep.  They didn't realize how much Seconal I'm used to -- that I'd have so much tolerance --
Sure.  And they left you upstairs to make phone calls?
They're holding my husband downstairs.
Who smashed the phone?
They smashed the phone.  I've been clicking the loose wires together hoping it'd make a connection.
What'd you do!  Just pick my number out of the air?
You may be our only chance.  I don't know if I can do this again.
Lady, try making some sense.
I can't talk any louder.  They might hear.
And what're you whispering for?
Will you let me explain!
No.  <u>You</u> don't understand!  You caught me on my cellular on the way to pick up some business associates.  And I've got no time to screw around.
You don't understand.
If this is some sales pitch I'm not buying --
I've been trying to get someone -- anyone.  For hours ...
Do I know you?
I'm afraid I've used up all my good deeds for the day.
Don't leave me here to die -- Theo, please -- you can't let me die --
Didn't we play this scene before?
Oh God -- Oh no -- Help me -- Don't let me -- Die.
You mustn't hang up.
Who is this?
Thank God -- thank God I've got you.
What are you planning to do when they got here?  They'll kill us. They'll kill Rachel.
Yeah.  Why don't we?
Put the girl on.
Seems like it.
Next I want to see Rachel.  Put her on the phone before she gets out so her mother can tell her exactly what to do.  Keep her calm.  Tell her you're fine and that she can join you in this car.
Don't worry.
Count it.
I'm backing up.
She's yours.  What are we waiting on?
Stop the crying.
I'm tying it up in a bundle now. Where is she?
That's how it is.  You see her approaching you toss out installment one.
Are you trying to panic the women?
I'm opening the side door.  She'll step out.  But before she gets in your vehicle I want to see the first installment put down in plain view.  If it isn't there I'm shooting her in the back.
I won't let 'em.
And they run straight to the cops who start looking for our van.
You pull up -- collect your first installment.  Then you let the daughter go.  When she reaches me, I'll dump out another third.  Same action.  I back up again -- you pull forward.  Satisfy yourself it's there.  Then we do it one last time.  The final exchange. And we go our separate ways.
And then?
Soon as Mrs. Oberfeld is in my car I'll toss out your first third. Then I'll back up 200 feet to behind the public restroom.
And not a nickel.
You'll still have the girl and the husband.
Negative.
Thanks for the sound advice.  Now ask the woman to get out of the van and walk over here.  Alone.
Be careful in disposing of them. You'll have to discount 'em. You'll be lucky to clear a hundred and a quarter.
My pleasure --
Her husband said there'd be one million eight.  So nine hundred to you.
I'm not accepting criticism today. Now don't make me lose count. There's already a half million in this portfolio.
You should've done all this before.
I make my end of the cash at 184,000.  Now I'm trying to figure out the bonds.  What the face value is.
It's in the process.
Then just wait.  I'm counting this all out and deducting my share. While I'm at it you can be getting that tape off the lady.  And her little girl.
We're waiting on you.
We're waiting for the light to cross the highway.  It just changed.  We're in a grey van.  It reads "<u>Noble Carpet Cleaners</u>."
I still don't see you.
I don't know what you mean.
You already tried to pull one little number on me -- and it didn't work.
Satisfied?
Talk to the man.
I don't want to see her later.  I want to hear her <u>now</u>.
You'll see her.
I don't need to relax.  The woman. Put her on.
Just relax.
Fucking "A" it is!  Any argument and I'm out of here.
It's your call.
I don't want you within two hundred feet.  Park down by the lifeguard station.  Nobody gets out.
Stay there.
I'm three quarters of the way up the lot behind the concession stand.
We don't see you.
I'm here.  Where are you?
I wish it had never been invented.
You're getting a lot of mileage out of that cellular.
Beats yelling our brains out across some parking lot.
308-9962.
Take my number.  When you see me -- call me and I'll walk you through the exchange.  It's 308-9962 -- Repeat it back.
Sure.
Got a phone in that van?
She's somewhat damaged in the shipping.  But nothing makeup won't cover.
Tell the lady to relax.  Tell her I can't wait to meet her in person.
There's no loyalty at the expense of my own ass.
Some loyalty.
I want you all in one vehicle. Your van.  If I see anybody else cruising around I'll keep going. No second chances.  You can kill them and I'll keep what I've got.
We can be there.
It should take me twenty minutes. Where are you coming from?
What time frame have you got in mind?
A large stretch of empty space with no place to hide.  Temescal Canyon parking lot.
Pass.
It's a nice day.  How about the beach?
Where do we meet?
Granted.  But I don't believe they're grieving enough for their chauffeur to piss away their own futures.
There are no guarantees in this life.
You're walking away with a clear fifty percent and a guarantee nobody can afford to I.D. you.
Keep talking.
You can rely on them to keep quiet because this is undeclared money that could land Jack there in federal prison.  He can't afford for you to get caught and have this briefcase appear as evidence.
You're up on your details, aren't you?
They saw you kill the driver.
You got time on your side.  Pretty soon they'll be missed and we'll have the law up our ass.
You're making it too easy.
Whatever you say.
Fine.  I want half.  Plus the release of the family.
Twenty percent.
I'm self employed.  What kind of cut did the hairy one have?
Who are you working for?
Following which we will have a serious question and answer session with your girlfriend.
I'm in awe.
Nobody can do anything right but you!
Brilliant -- unless they were close enough to see the cab pull away.  In which case you just warned them.
Them.  They won't be expecting us.
Who were you talking to?
Stay put!  I know my way around.
Somebody better tear this down before it falls down.
Are you busting my chops or what?
Don't underestimate me.  I've got original ideas of my own.  Warhol got famous doing a soup can.  What would you think of a cellular phone done in acrylics?
In your dreams.
Probably as close to the Getty as I'll ever come.  Unless you care to be my "patron," Nels.  You wouldn't be the first successful thief to become a patron of the arts.
At those prices I'd just as soon your cabbie didn't get a look at me.
None of your business, but it's in the cab.  That's all mine.  When we take from them, we divide, eighty-twenty.
Where's the backpack?
I've got a couple of spare pieces stashed under the floorboards.
Better haul ass if we're gonna be inside to greet them.
Believe me.  They couldn't be busier at the moment.
How do you know?
We're gonna get there first.
And make ourselves a hell of a target.
Have your cab wait at the foot of Cisco -- we'll ride up together.
Take the Getty Center exit -- make a right onto Cisco.  It'll be a narrow winding road.  You can't miss the house.  It's a mansion built back in '29 -- Spanish -- boarded up since the quake.
Where do I turn?
Five minutes.
How far off are you?
Take the 405 south.
In the hills above Sunset.  Just below the Getty.
Sweet revenge plus maybe a bit of vigorish off your end.
Not without the name of the contact who can discount the bonds.  I may need to pry that information out of her.  What do you stand to gain?
You could always disappear with what's already in your backpack.
I can see the benefit in that.
My compensation!  Somebody still owes me -- big time!
That bitch.  What's keeping you from taking off?
Intelligent question, Nels.  I believe she had plans for both our bodies to be found in close proximity.
Why would she want me to think you were on ice?
I suppose you're in your taxi?
What does it take to kill you?
I thought you'd know me by now.
Who's this?
Nels!  Guess who?  A friendly voice from beyond the grave.
Yeah?
You couldn't be calling at a worse time, Nels.
I just strolled out of the emergency room while they were admitting Rodriego.
Yeah?
Then you can sue the cops. Collect from both ends.  Tighten your belts.  Here it comes.  Ready?
And I end up in a fucking neck brace for life!
From what I can see you're a pretty fair wheelman.  There's a hairpin coming up -- that's the place for it. The cops'll plow right into you.
You want us to get ourselves killed?
Tailgate me.  I'll jam on the brakes.  You go into a spin to avoid an accident and cut them off.
There's two police cars now.
You researched me.  You know where I live.  She'll be waiting for you there along with your split.
It's in your interest, Nels, since the additional passenger in my trunk -- an LAPD officer is probably carrying a few bullets in him traceable to the piece you're carrying.  Tell the man.
The fuck I will!
You're going to have to see to it that both lanes of this road get blocked.
Sure, I end up with some cash. And a lot of bonds I don't know how to dispose of.
And if you ditch us we get zilch.
If he pulls me over he gets all the proceeds plus Lenore here.
I think I've already had a "quickie."  Thank you.
If you're looking for a quickie all you've got to do is ask.
Okay Nels, you can always keep what you've got and haul ass leaving the lovely lady for me to worry about.  I'll bet she can be friendly when it's in her best interests.
Call me "Nels."
Who am I talking to?
Better reassure him.
What's he doing?  Answer me!
Tell the truth, I was going to take a much needed leak.
Was I picking on you?  How come you pulled in back of this fruitstand?
Why are you picking on me for?
Mind if I have a look?
Something was rattling around. Some loose tools.
If you weren't going for a spare what were you doing?
Seems not.
Only you <u>don't</u> have a flat.
Since when did you guys start changing tires?
Let her tell you.
If her kid or her old man have been harmed we've also got nothing to talk about.
Hold on.
If you've already killed her that's fine.  I'll keep the bonds and the cash.  We got nothing to discuss.
There's no lady here.
Let me talk to the lady again.
Who are you?
Don't be afraid to say hello. Your friend with the recent transplant is in no condition to deliver that briefcase.  So I've taken on the task.
From here on, I dish it out.
You sure know how to take a lot of punishment.
Who the fuck you kidding?  Send me money!
Let's have your name and address. The government will want to send you a letter of commendation.
Where is this canyon house where you're supposed to hook up?
The 405 is coming up.
Your partners are currently armed and we're not.  Our edge is that they don't know we're in touch.
I thought so.
Undercover.
What kind of Treasury Dept. business is this?
Very official.  259-7881, if I recall.
Government business?
Can I make a quick call?
Doesn't everybody?
You've got a <u>phone</u>?
I already called for an ambulance.
Whatever you say.
She's not a girl, Col --
When a girl runs out like that, she generally wants to be followed.
How?
You could always make it up to her.
I'm sorry.
She wants me to tell you go fuck yourself.
Who knows the secrets of the human heart.
Then why doesn't she?
He's what she should run a mile from.
So who's he?
It takes all types.
Thanks.
So let's call this the usual.
Well, you get to say, The usual, Col. Things like that.
Is that good or bad?
So can we consider you a regular, sir?
Yeah.
Scottish?
Fucking men, Col --
Yeah. Fuck it, Dil.
Fuck it, is what I say.
Saw it, Dil.
You see that, Col?
No. Tell him to go fuck himself.
Stop it, Dil --
Don't want any of those looks, Col. They don't mean much.
Hi.
He's back, Col
Ask him yourself.
Ask him.
I would expect he does.
Maybe he wants something.
An excellent quality.
Good thing in a man.
Persistent.
He's still looking, Col.
Hi, Jimmy.
That's what he said. Jimmy.
I've no thoughts on the subject.
What do you think his name is?
He agreed that he was.
She wants to know, sir, do you like your hair.
Now he can look.... Ask him does he like his hair, Col.
Now, that was a look.
What would you call it?
Saw that one.
Nice.
What you think?
Yeah?
Just cut his hair, you know.
Did he?
He gave me a look.
See what, Dil?
See that, Col?
Yeah. I heard. You hear, Jimmy?
No, I won't fucking fuck off. Said I'm sorry, didn't I?
Fuck off, Dave.
Look, I'm sorry.
Take your fucking goldfish, too!
Don't chuck my clothes out!
Fucking mad!
Fuck off back to Essex!
Don't throw my clothes out the window!
Take your clothes.
Please, Dil --
Sure, Dave --
It's Dave.
Hey, Stirling fucking Moss --
Cunt.
He's going to take his foot off slowly, David. Then you're to go home, like a good boy. You hear me?
Charming.
Cunt. Scrag-eyed dyke cunt.
Cunt.
See, they get the wrong idea.
Maybe.
It's him, isn't it?
Jimmy.
Who the fuck is he?
Thank you.
You heard me --
Don't be like that --
You fucking did.
Did I?
You fucking promised.
C'mon, babe! You know what I like... Easy!
Fuck off, Dave.
It's a simple question.
What's that supposed to mean?
Consider it how you like. Just get that bloody tart out of here.
If I was her I'd consider that an insult.
Whatever it is she does for you.
What?
Do it on your own time, Paddy.
She's not that either.
No, of course not, she's a lady.
She's not a tart.
Is that his tart? Does Pat have a tart?
He wants to know do I mean that.
Do you mean that?
Jim, Pat, Mick, what the fuck. Long as you remember you're not at Lords.
It's not Pat. It's Jim.
Bloody right I do...
I'm sure you do, Mr. Deveroux.
Off his wages.
Not in my experience.
Sorry won't bring the bloody thing back, will it, Mr. Franknum?
Your Pat just cost me two hundred quid.
Two hundred quid, Mr. Deveroux.
How much did that frame cost, Mr. Franknum?
What's that supposed to mean?
As the man said, it's in my nature.
Can't help it. You're doing time for me. No greater love, as the man says. Wish you'd tell me why.
Please, Dil --
Fergus. Fergus my love, light of my life - -
Fergus.
I'm sorry, darling. I keep forgetting the leap year. What am I supposed to call you then, Jimmy?
Thirty-five.
I've got to keep you healthy, Jimmy. I'm counting the days. Two thousand three hundred and thirty-four left.
Stop it, Dil --
Sorry, love. Now, the white ones are magnesium supplement --
Don't call me that --
Got you the multivitamins and the iron tablets, hon --
Yes. Say hello to Col --
Meet Col --
The Metro.
Where am I to go, Jimmy?
I promise.
Promise?
You will, Dil
Will I see you again?
Not if you go.
Am I in trouble, Jimmy?
Yes. Now.
Do I?
You've got to go now, Dil --
Can't remember...
Tell me what she wore.
Yes.
And she used her tits and that cute little ass to get him, didn't she?
She was --
I asked you a question, honey -- were you there too --
Dil!!!
What happened to Jimmy?
It's my name, Dil --
What's Fergus?
Fergus.
What was that she called you, Jimmy?
I know you're lying, Jimmy, but it's nice to hear it.
Never.
And you'll never leave me?
I'd do anything for you, Dil.
Say it again.
Anything.
What would you do for me?
Yeah.
You do?
Love you, Dil.
Then say it.
Whatever you say, Dil.
Tell me you love me.
Yes.
Love me.
I like you, DIl
More endearments.
More what?
Give me a bit more, baby, a bit more.
I like you, Dil --
You like me now, Jimmy?
Let them come then.
Let me go for fuck's sake, Dil -- or they'll be here
Try and go, then.
Got to be somewhere.
Why?
Let me go, Dil
See, I should blow you away, Jimmy. But I can't do that. Yet.
Just don't kick Dil and she'll be touched. Be nice to her and she'll be yours forever.
Stop it, Dil --
See, I fix on anyone that's nice to me. Just the littlest bit nice and I'm yours.
He asked me to see were you all right.
Wondered why you came on to me like that when you gave me the look.
Okay.
Don't leave me tonight. Might kill me, too.
Don't you want to kill me?
You tried.
I suppose I tried.
You didn't.
No.
You killed my Jody
It was you...
In a manner of speaking.
You killed my Jody?
Did you hear me?
Died...
I got the order to shoot him. Before I could do it he ran. Ran into a tank and died.
Yes.
Are you listening?
You knew my Jody?
Lifted him from a carnival in Belfast. Held him hostage for three days.
You knew my Jody?
Your soldier.
You knew which man?
Dil Can I tell you something? I knew your man.
Don't go like that.
What?
Jimmy?
Good-bye, Dil
I will be.
Are you all right, Dil?
Only in times of extreme stress.
Are you supposed to take that many?
What condition?
Prescription. For my condition.
What pills?
My pills...
You heard what I said, Dil?
Yes.
You mean that?
You got to forget you ever saw me, Dil.
No! Tell me everything, Jimmy.
I was trying to get out of something.
So tell me.
No! I'm going home...
Come on...
Stayed all day in that room thinking every noise was you. There's something you're not telling me, Jimmy.
I had to go to work!
Thought you was fooling me. Thought you was leaving me.
Told you to stay in the hotel!
I'm going home!
Dil! Dil! What the fuck are you doing here?
Look on it like a honeymoon.
Why are we going here, Jimmy?
For you...
For me.
Why?
Sorry. What you doing?
Don't call me that --
Yes.
You like me better like this.
What?
So it's true, then?
No. Want to make you into something new. That nobody recognizes...
You want to make me look like him...
I'm sorry.
You're no good at this, Jimmy.
I promise.
You promise?
No.
And you wouldn't leave me?
Yes.
You'd like me better that way, Jimmy?
It's a secret.
Why?
Want to change you to a man, Dil...
A girl has to draw the line somewhere --
You said anything, Dil
No. Sit down.
You want another haircut, baby?
You got the keys to the shop?
Afraid so.
You'd do anything for me?
Anything.
You do something for me, Dil?
More than that.
Do you like me even a little bit?
I'm not sure.
What you doing, Jimmy?
I can't.
And you're not going to tell me more?
You could say that.
She from Scotland too?
Yes.
She own you, Jimmy?
Why shouldn't I be jealous?
Shouldn't be, Dil
I'm sorry, you know that? I'm really sorry.
Kind of.
She's the thing you had to tell me.
What's her?
It's her, isn't it?
You following me?
Dil, this is Jude.
Not here.
What's wrong, Jimmy? Tell me what's wrong --
No.
You gonna tell me why?
Come on.
Why, honey --
Come on.
Okay.
Don't.
Not at all, honey.
So I got it wrong, then.
He'd bring me carnations.
What?
Delirious.
Happy now?
Only if you kiss me.
Okay. Be a good girl and go inside.
Don't be cruel.
Should have stayed a girl.
I miss you, Jimmy.
No. Can't pretend that much.
Please, Jimmy.
Don't ask me in.
Sorry.
A little.
Am I becoming repetitious?
Stop it, Jimmy.
There's Dave. He knew too.
I'm working on it.
Are you pretending yet?
Won't be quite the same though, will it?
Absolutely.
That's true.... Your soldier knew, didn't he?
You can always pretend.
Kind of wish I didn't.
Probably.
I should have known, shouldn't I?
Sorry.
Don't.
All right, they do.
So they do know.
Details, baby, details.
Thing is, Dil, you're not a girl.
Can't help it, Jimmy. A girl has her feelings.
Know what I didn't know. And don't call me that.
Know what, honey?
Do they know?
Whenever. Tonight.
When?
Will you meet me again?
Ask to meet me again.
How?
Make it up to me, then.
So I'm sorry.
That's a start.
Kind of liked you as a girl.
I know that.
I didn't mean to hit you.
Nothing's wise.
You think that's wise?
Ask me to meet you again, Jimmy.
I said stop it.
Made me feel all funny inside.
Shut up.
My, oh my, Jimmy, how gallant.
Yeah. I care, Dil.
You mean that?
Sure I do.
Do you care, Jimmy?
You could?
And the fact that you didn't know is basically the fault of yours truly. And even when you were throwing up, I could tell you cared.
Must be.
See, I was always best looking after someone. Must be something in the genes.
Never said a truer word.
You're something else, Dil, you know that?
Apologies, my sweet.
Give it over, Dil --
Sorry, darling.
Don't call me that.
Got your note. So let's kiss and make up, hon.
What you doing here?
Never let the sun go down on an argument, Jody used to say.
Where?
Come on, Dil --
I have to talk to her, Col --
Tell him it hurt --
Dil --
Tell him to stop messing Dil around --
He looks after me. He's a gentleman too.
No...
Even now.
All the time.
Did he ever tell you you were beautiful?
Told you, I'm superstitious.
I'm wondering why you keep his things.
Why?
I'm thinking of your man.
What you thinking of, hon?
No, depends on nothing.
Depends what it is.
The thing is, can you go the distance?
Aha.
Can't leave me now.
I'm superstitious. Drink.
What is this?
Drink.
If I told you, you wouldn't believe me.
Why?
Yeah.
You mean that?
Something I heard someone say once.
What does that mean?
Want to look after you.
So what do you want with me, Jimmy?
Did he dance with you?
He did sometimes.
Maybe.
Is this an obsession of yours?
Did he come here too?
I am.
Shouldn't you be in mourning?
A real gentleman...
Didn't think I could.
But you can t stay, you know that?
Like you're concerned.
Do I?
You say that like a gentleman.
I think you do.
What do you think?
Do you miss him?
Can't think. He's dead. In Ireland. He was a soldier. Went there like a fool.
What would he think?
That's good...
Maybe.
Are you jealous of him?
Yes...
You want to know how I kissed him?
Did you do that to him?
No --
Yes.
Shouldn't I go?
No.
Tell me about him.
As different as it's possible to be.
How different?
He was different.
Tried to. Sit down, will you?
He lived here with you?
Doesn't know the meaning of the word.
Must be in love to manage that.
Sorry. How'd he drive with his neck in a brace?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Someone out there.
Whiskey.
What'll it be?
Yes, please.
Would you like a drink?
I'm not on my own, am I?
Tough guy, huh? Are you going to be all right on your own?
Piss off, Dave!
The things a girl has to put up with.
That Dave?
Jesus.
Jesus Christ!
You want one?
How special?
You got a special friend, Jimmy?
Must be.
Make a pass or something. Isn't that the way it goes?
Like what?
Now's the time you're meant to do something, isn't it?
I wonder.
Why?
They're jealous.
What's that about?
The one you gave me in the Metro.
What look?
Give me that look again.
Half-five. At Millie's.
Where?
Now, if you asked me to meet you tomorrow, it would really drive him insane.
But I'm not cheap, you know that? Loud, but never cheap.
No, I didn't --
You want me to ask you in, right?
You can't leave me then, can you?
He's getting up.
God no. I'm a hairdresser.
You on the game?
You know.
Perform?
He wants me to perform for him.
What was that all about?
Yes, thank you.
You all right?
They all get the wrong idea.
What was that?
Hi. You forgot your bag.
Hi.
Must be.
You old-fashioned?
Not you. How quaint. How old-fashioned and quaint. Isn't it, Col?
Not me.
Everybody wants something.
Jimmy?
Jimmy.
He's Scottish, Col.
Tell her I'm very happy with it.
Don't know. Who is she?
Who's she?
That should make her happy.
Like treacle.
And what's it like?
The accent, I suppose.
How'd you guess?
Scottish?
No.
Not English.
No.
You American?
Nothing.
What's it to you?
Doesn't the water get to your nails?
What's his name?
Guy I work with.
Who?
In a way.
Someone recommend you?
Absolutely. Long as she can keep it. Isn't that right, James...
A girl has to have a bit of glamour.
A bit heavy on the powder, isn't she, Jimmy?
Well, maybe you'll get lucky. Someday.
Don't go looking for it, Dil.
Absolutely. The younger the better. Doesn't come your way much, I suppose.
That's good. I'm glad. Young love, as they say.
Ever so nice. Aren't you, Jimmy?
Yeah. Just checking. He being nice to you, Dil?
Jimmy, is it? Do you know me, Jimmy?
You know her, Jimmy?
What was it?
Carnations.
Lucky you.
Aha.
Need to lose myself awhile.
Do you now.
Need to go across the water.
So what do you need, Fergus?
All right, then. I like to be wise.
That's wise, Tommy.
You'll notice I've asked you nothing.
You're back in the pink, Tommy? How're you keeping?
Fergus!
Get that thing off me, Fergus --
Dil!
I sincerely hope so.
I take pride in my work.
You a handyman, Fergie?
Some judge...
Who's the old geezer?
Yes?
Jude?
Stay late at your work tomorrow night and I'll bring you the gear.
You may be right.
Fergus, I think you don't trust me.
And what if you don't?
We'll be on the other side. We'll move when you do.
And what happens then?
Perfect.
Was I?
You were made for this.
You know what. Go.
And what if I say no?
Aye. Then we'll leave her be.
And then you'll leave her out of it?
Come on, Fergie. A rehearsal.
Of course. I forgot.
Och, you do, Fergie.
But, then, I don't have a choice.
So I suppose a fuck is out of the question. Keep your head down, Fergus. No sudden moves. And not a whisper to her. You'll be hearing from us.
She's nobody. She likes me.
Jesus, Fergus, you're a walking cliche. You know we won't leave her out of this. But I'm glad to see you care.
Leave her out of this.
You're never out, Fergus.
No way, Jude. I'm out.
We've got some plans here. And we'll need a Mister Nobody to execute them.
What do you mean?
You vanished quite effectively. Became Mister Nobody. And you've no idea how useful that could be.
No, what is the thing?
But you know what the thing is, Fergus?
Yes.
So you did fuck up.
He ran. I couldn't shoot him in the back. I tried to catch him. He made it to the road and got hit by a Saracen.
We had a court-martial in your absence. They wanted to put a bullet in your head. I pleaded for clemency. Said we should find out what happened first. So what did happen?
Suits you.
Maguire and me got out by the skin of our teeth. No thanks to you.... What you think of the hair?
I know.
Eddie and Tinker died.
I heard.
No. That's the last thing I'll do. You never asked what happened.
Leave me alone, Jude.
What was it, Fergus? Did you blow the gaff on us or did you just fuck up?
Doesn't matter if he's hot. Just cover the fucker up.
He's hot.
Put that thing back on him, Fergus.
My pleasure.
Leave us, Judie.
Someone's got to do it.
Tough work, that.
Fucking do. I had him all over me.
You don't know that.
Hasn't moved for twelve hours. Go on. Have a heart.
He's all right.
Poke him or something. See if he's still alive.
Can't.
Have a look at him.
There are certain things I wouldn't do for my country.
Did you give him it?
Horny bastard.
Hey -- what's he like?
Do you want some food?
See does he want some.
Kind of suicide, isn't it?
Right.
So it's on the street.
Right.
Whoever hits him'll be hit, if those men are any good. And I presume you can't get in.
Good. So what do you think?
Hope not.
You being cynical, Hennessy?
Thank God for that.
Doesn't matter who he is. He is what we would call a legitimate target.
Who is he?
It's a knocking-shop. Tres discreet, huh? He visits his ladies on Tuesday and Thursday nights and Saturday mornings. His security's in the car beyond.
A hotel?
So what do you think that is, Hennessy?
Good.
Aye, I do, Peter.
And you know what'll happen if you fuck up again, don't you?
Just a girl.
And who is she?
Definitely unusual.
And what's she like between the sheets?
Fuck you, too --
I understand.
I'm getting emotional. And I don't want to get fucking emotional -- you understand, Hennessy?
I know that.
Should blow you away, you know that?
He's at home.
And who's Dave when he's at home?
I thought it was Dave.
Who'd you think it was?
So it was you all the time.
Okay. You're a good man, Fergus.
I'm sure.
You sure about that?
Would make me feel better about it.
Why do you want to do that for?
Request permission to guard the prisoner tonight --
What?
Peter.
Shut up, Jude. You best get some sleep tonight, Fergus.
Good. I was beginning to have my doubts about you for the last few days.
I'm a volunteer, am n't I?
You OK about that?
Because tomorrow we might have to shoot him, that's why.
Why?
And do you know why?
Yes.
You'll have minimal contact with the prisoner, do you hear me?
Back in a minute, Jody
Are you all there?
I told him.
So he knows your name?
You're on duty. Keep your fucking mouth shut. Go in and get some sleep.
It's nothing. He's just got a sense of humor, that's all.
What the fuck is this?
It's your decision.
Thanks.
You're his keeper. If you don't mind him seeing you, I don't mind. But you're the only one he looks at.
He described me down to a T. Knows what Jude looks like.
You sure?
And anyway, he's seen our faces.
So?
The poor whore's suffocating in the heat.
Why would you do that?
Request permission to take the hood off, Tommy.
Made the front page. They'll move now, the fuckers.
Do you want a cup of tea?
Give him a cup of tea.
Hurling --
What?
Hurling --
Used to run the mile, you know -- four times round the cricket pitch -- what was that game called?
Got to catch me first --
I said you bastard -- stop --
What you say, faster?
You stupid bastard --
But if I did... you wouldn't shoot a brother in the back --
You won't run.
So if I ran now, there's no way I'd beat you, is there?
Cricket's in the halfpenny place.
Faster than cricket?
The fastest.
Hurling's a fast game, isn't it, Fergus?
Stop that talk now --
Cause you're my friend. And I want you to go to the Metro --
Why?
I'm glad you're doing it, do you know that, Fergus?
No.
Take the hood off, Fergus --
Me? No, I'm not good for much...
Not a lot of use, are you, Fergus?
Tell me something, anything.
Nothing.
What does that mean?
I thought as a child. But when I became a man I put away childish things...
Yeah?
When I was a child...
And the scorpion. No. Tell me anything.
Like the one about the frog?
A story.
What?
I don't want to sleep. Tell me something.
Go to sleep now.
I don't know. Just help me. Give me a cigarette.
How can I?
Help me.
I'm sorry.
Don't.
Stop it --
Go to Millie's Hair Salon in Spitalfields. Take her to the Metro for a margarita. Don't have to tell her who you are. Just tell her Jody was thinking --
I told you not to talk that way --
Take the whole lot. I won't need it.
Take her picture. C'mere.
I don't know her.
See if she's all right.
But they will. As sure as night follows day. They have to. I want you to find her out. Tell her I was thinking of her.
Don't think that way.
If they kill me --
What?
Want you to do something, Fergus.
Don't know her.
Present tense, please. Love her. Whatever she is. I'm thinking of her now, Fergus. Will you think of her too?
You liked her?
Dil wasn't trouble. No trouble at all.
She can't help it.
Some kinds of women are...
I didn't.
No. Not bad. Women are trouble, you know that, Fergus?
Is it bad?
Yes.
It's as simple as that?
That you guys shouldn't be here.
What do you believe in?
Depends on what you believe in.
I've often wondered how you do it.
We don't look on it like that.
Oh, yes. We do a tour of duty and we're finished. But you guys are never finished, are you?
Do you?
But you fellas never get a break, do you?
The best.
We got simple tastes, you and me.
Oh, yeah.
My special friend.
Who's Dil?
Having a pint in the Metro, and Dil's having a margarita.
Having two pints in the Rock.
Like having a pint in the Metro --
Like what?
You lack imagination, Fergus. Think of something more alluring.
Having a pint in the Rock.
Come on, man. If this shit was all over.
Doesn't matter where.
Where would you most like to be now, man?
Jody's always right.
Don't be so sure.
See? I was right about you.
'Cause you're kind. It's in your nature.
Why?
Means what it says. The scorpion does what is in his nature. Take off the hood, man.
So what's that supposed to mean?
Thanks. I know that wasn't easy for you.
Yeah?
Fergus?
I'm sorry. Didn't mean to offend you, Fergus.
Shut up, would you?
Thank you. I had a case of the clap two years ago. Crabs in Ulster. But all in all it's served me well.
Give us a break.
Now put it back in.
These things take time, Fergus.
Hurry up, would you?
Now, that was worth waiting for.
Well then, you're going to have to take my dick out for me, aren t you?
Can't.
Tree.
Take it easy, now. Just go slow. Down by that tree.
My pleasure, Jody
Nice to meet you, Fergus.
I'll bear that in mind.
So when you come to shoot me, Paddy, remember, you're getting rid of a shit- hot bowler.
Toffs' game there. But not at home.     .
How different?
Well, in Antigua cricket's the black man's game. The kids play it from the age of two. My daddy had me throwing googlies from the age of five. Then we moved to Tottenham and it was something different.
The fastest.
Never.
Best game in the world.
That game where a bunch of paddies whack sticks at each other?
Ever see hurling?
Best game in the world.
And you play cricket?.
"Go back to your banana tree, nigger." No use telling them I came from Tottenham.
Shouldn't take it personally.
It was a job. So I get sent to the only place in the world they call you nigger to your face.
Why did you sign up?
Can't. Once I signed up.
You could have said no.
I got sent.
What the fuck were you doing here?
What the fuck am I doing here.
What?
Okay. That nice lady. Meets me in a bar. I'm saying what the fuck am I doing here anyway. She buys me a drink. She holds my hand. I'm looking at her saying I don't like you, bitch. But what the fuck. Maybe I'll get to understand.
She's a friend of mine
You fuckers set me up. That bitch --
So what were you fucking around for, then?
Don't I know it.
You make a nice couple.
Suppose you could say that.
She your wife?
Absolutely not.
No?
She's mine. Anyway, she wouldn't suit you.
Why not?
Don't you think of it, fucker.
She'd be anyone's type.
My inside pocket.
What?
Ah, c'mere. I want to show you something.
No.
C'mere.
She's not my type.
Didn't look like that to me...
I didn't even fancy her.
No, what's the funny thing?
And you know the funny thing?
Shut the fuck up, would you?
Only that you're all tough undeluded motherfuckers. And that it's not in your nature to let me go.
What the fuck do you know about my people?
I'm talking about your people, not you.
What do you know about my nature?
Not in your nature.
Why can't we?
And even if he doesn't die -- you can't just let me loose.
I'm not a gambling man.
You want to bet?
They won't let him die.
They're going to let that guy die. And you're going to kill me.
What makes you think that?
Kill me.
Do what?
You're going to have to do it, aren't you?
What is it now?
Hey --
So I've noticed.
But I won't. We're more polite around these parts.
Could you?
Well, I could say the same about you.
No. It's the truth.
You trying to hurt my feelings?
Nope. Not handsome at all.
No?
Five ten. Brown eyes. But you're no pinup.
What's that?
Only joking.
No fucking way.
Now, if you took the ropes off, I'd be able to feed myself.
Can't we take it off?
Please, man, I'm suffocating in here.
I can smell her perfume.
How did you know it was her?
My pleasure.
Thank you, handsome.
Yeah. And the brown eyes.
Am I?
You're the one about five ten with the killer smile and the baby face.
So, what do I look like?
I seen your fucking face.
How is it a farce?
This is a farce, man.
Can't eat through a canvas bag.
What do you mean you can't?
Can't.
Eat something, would you?
Yeah.
Fuck you.
He believes in the future --
I said shut the fuck up --
He's a good soldier, Jude.
You're heading for trouble, Fergus --
You shut your face --
Have you no feelings, woman?
Nice lady.
It was fun while it lasted.
Thought you liked me, bitch.
See, if we took the hood off, we'd have to shoot you. As it is, you've got a fifty-fifty chance.
Whatever you say, Jude...
Come and get me, soldier --
People. They could be looking.
I never know nothing.
You never know.
Who gives a fuck.
Not here.
Tell me, Jody
And you know what?
You didn't?
Never pissed holding a girl's hand, Jude.
You'd know I wouldn't run off.
What if I did?
You don't know me, do you?
Don't run off, Jude.
No, fuck the bear. The name. Jude. And it's June. Jude in June.
The teddy bear?
Give me the fucking shooter!
You're crazy --
Give me the shooter, Jude --
No, we are.
That fucker's dead --
That true, Fergus? You in love?
Leave him alone, Peter. He's in love.
Shut the fuck up, Jude.
You're crazy. Don't let him, Peter.
First her husband, now her -- she hoodwinked you! She batted all them big eyes and you went 'n fell for it - like a egg from a tall chicken! Here!  You want? Here -- it's yours!
What are you talking about?
You greenhorn -- you half-witted, thick-skulled, hare-brained, greenhorn! They wuz both too smart for us!
You know what I mean -- the envelope with the stamps. I want it.
The letter? The letter ain't worth nuthin'.
All right -- where's the letter?
 I'll tell you what, fella -- you want t' find me, you jus' turn 'round -- from now on I'll be right behind you. 
Where are you, ol' buddy?
Now Dyle, you listen to me -- my mama didn't raise no stupid children. I know who's got the money 'n I ain't disappearing till I got my share -- 'n' my share's growin' a whole lot bigger ev'ry day.
What makes you think they're even interested? It's only a quarter of a million -- it'll cost more than that to fix up their bookkeeping. As a taxpayer --
Never mind -- I'll go by myself.
Reggie -- listen to me --
Then say it.
I heard you, I heard you.
I said, tell me to go to the --
All right, prove it to me -- tell me to go to the Embassy first thing in the morning and turn in those stamps.
What a terrible thing to say. How could you even think that?
The truth, now -- was it my hide -- or the stamps?
And that's all the gratitude I get for saving your hide.
I'm sorry I thought you were the murderer, Adam -- how did I know that he was as big a liar as you are?
Here, give it to me.
You didn't have to chase me so hard --
There's not a reason on earth why you should.
Can I really believe you this time, Adam?
Reggie -- trust me once more -- please.
You lied to me so many times --
Reggie -- listen to me!
Don't be a fool! He's Carson Dyle!
He's -- with the C.I.A. -- I've seen him at the Embassy.
No!
Reggie -- please believe me!
Then who did? You're the only one left.
But I didn't kill anybody.
I'm through listening to you!
Reggie -- why won't you listen?
Don't be an idiot!
But Tex didn't -- he still thought -- !
I'm not Dyle -- you know that!
Why? So you can kill me too? Tex is dead, I've seen him! He said Dyle did it!
Reggie -- stop!
Look.
Tex? You mean he's here, too?
It's all right -- I don't think Tex does, either.
It's hopeless -- I don't even know what we're looking for.
Stop grousing. If we find the money I'll buy you an international conference all your own. Now start looking. You take this side and I'll poke around over there.
Well, you're right there. Ten minutes ago I had a job.
I know, but this is all we've got left.
But Charles' appointment was last week, not --
Five o'clock -- Thursday -- the Garden -- it's got to be something around here.
Now what?
It's Thursday today -- and it's almost five -- come on!
as outlined in report number three- nine-stroke-five-two of the Western Hemisphere Conference held on March 22 --  no wait! It was last Thursday, five o'clock at the Jardin des Champs- lyses! Adam -- that was it! The garden!
Well -- it was a place -- a street corner, I think. But I don't --  Hold it. I'm on.
There is? Well, I can't say I think very much of a silly law like that. Think, Reggie -- please think -- what was written in Charles' notebook?
Of course there is!
Nonsense. We didn't steal it. There's no law against stealing stolen money.
That money's not ours, Adam -- if we keep it, we'll be breaking the law.
Think, Reggie, you've got to think -- it may be what we're looking for.
I think it only said where -- but I can't --
With whom? Where?
Grandpierre asked me about an appointment Charles had -- on the day he was killed.
Can you remember anything at all?
You're right. I remember Grandpierre looking through it. But there was nothing in it -- at least, nothing that the police thought was very important.
Nothing's wrong. I think I found something. I was snooping around Tex's room and I found this in the waste basket. I've stuck it back together.
No, it's all right. What's wrong, Adam?
Reggie -- I think I've found --  are you on?
No -- last time I said "I love you, Alex."
Yes, you told me.
I love you, Adam.
Go to bed. You've got to be at work in the morning. There's nothing more we can do tonight.
Well, I guess that's it -- dead end.
Heroin -- peppermint-flavored heroin.
The tooth powder. Wait a minute -- could you recognize heroin just by tasting it?
It still doesn't make sense, but it isn't worth any quarter of a million either. Have we forgotten anything?
The letter --
To the apartment -- it matches mine perfectly.
Electric razor -- comb -- steamship ticket -- fountain pen -- four passports -- toothbrush -- wallet --  key -- what about that?
I mean, it's there, Reggie. If only we could see it. We're looking at it right now.
Lord, you're stubborn.
Let's look anyway.
But everyone and his Aunt Lilian's been through that bag. Somebody would have seen it.
I sure am. Get it.
Lord, you're stubborn.
Where's that airlines bag?
I've looked, Adam -- you know I have --
I just heard from him -- he's still hungry. That means killing Gideon didn't get it for him -- so he's narrowed it down to us. You've got it.
Why?
I think we were wrong about Tex having the money.
Open up.
What is it?
There's no time -- I'll call you in the morning.
Adam --
If the police find him first they're not very likely to turn over a quarter of a million dollars to us, are they?
You're going to look for him -- now?
That wraps it up -- Tex has the money. Go back to bed -- I'll let you know when I've found him.
Relax -- you're gaining.
I know why you're not taken -- no one can catch up with you.
Well -- come on.
When you come on, you really come on.
No. The doctor said it would be bad for my -- thermostat.
Aren't you allowed to kiss back?
How do you think I got here?
Oh? Did they do that sort of thing way back in your day?
Pretty good, huh? I taught them everything they do.
I thought maybe you wanted me to see the kind of work the competition was turning out.
Why do you think I brought you here?
You don't look so bad in this light.
It's all right -- look.
Adam!
I'm not hungry -- isn't it glorious?
What's the matter?
It's lovely.
What about it?
Oh, you should see your face.
Don't you know I'm having a tough time keeping my eyes off of you?
What?
It's a toss-up, I can tell you that.
No -- I guess not.
What would you like me to say -- that a pretty girl with an outrageous manner means more to an old pro like me than a quarter of a million dollars?
Oh!
That's right.
All that marvelous rejection -- you knew I couldn't resist it. Now it turns out you were only interested in the money.
How was I leading you on?
Don't you dare to be civil with me! All this time you were leading me on --
I think that's what you ordered.
I could eat a horse.
Yes, but --
Is there a Mrs. Canfield?
It's simple. I like what I do -- I enjoy doing it. There aren't many men who love their work as much as I do. Look around some time.
-- there has to be a darn good reason for living the way you do. I want to know what it is.
Oh, come on!
Yes, I'm leaving now -- goodbye.
The envelope -- imagine that.  Mrs. Lampert, listen to me -- you're not safe as long as you've got these stamps. Go to the Embassy right away -- wait, I'd better meet you halfway -- it's quicker. Now, let's see -- do you know the center garden at the Palais Royal? -- yes, by the colonnade -- as soon as you can get there. Hurry, Mrs. Lampert.
No, I do -- it was the stamps on that letter Charles had with him on the train. They were in plain sight all the time, but no one ever bothered looking at the envelope.
Calm down, Mrs. Lampert -- please. Does he have the money?
The one who said he was Dyle's brother -- of course I'm sure -- Tex wrote the word 'Dyle' before he died. He's the murderer I tell you -- he's the only one left! You've got to do something!
Just a minute, Mrs. Lampert -- you'd better give that to me slowly. Who's Adam?
None whatsoever. Please, Mrs. Lampert -- be careful.
Are you sure there's no mistake?
I told them what you said -- about this man being Carson Dyle's brother. I asked them what they knew about it and they told me -- you're not gonna like this, Mrs. Lampert -- they told me Carson Dyle has no brother.
Go ahead, Mr. Bartholomew -- I'm listening.
Mrs. Lampert? -- Bartholomew. I've spoken to Washington, Mrs. Lampert --
Yes -- ?
Agents.
You're in an ideal position -- he trusts you.  Besides, you said yourself, women make the best spies.
Me? Why me?
I don't know -- but I think you'd better find out, don't you?
Oh. Then who's this one?
No, Mrs. Lampert. His death is registered with the War Department in Washington.
But no one actually saw him die.
No, Mrs. Lampert.
Maybe he really is Dyle. He could still be alive.
We're anxious to know who this man is -- the one calling himself Dyle.
Oh, stop it. What do you want me to do?
That's the spirit.
Well, if I'm going to die, I might as well do it for my country.
I wouldn't advise that, Mrs. Lampert. You'd better consider what happened to your husband when he tried to leave. Those men won't be very far away -- no matter where you go. In fact, I don't even see any point in your changing hotels. Please help us, Mrs. Lampert. Your government is counting on you.
I'm sorry, Mr. Bartholomew, but nothing you've told me has changed my mind. I still intend leaving Paris -- tonight.
C.I.A., Mrs. Lampert. We're an extension of the wartime O.S.S. It was our money and we want it back.
But what has all this got to do with the C.I.O.?
We know what happened from the bits and pieces we were able to paste together -- but we still have no proof.
But if they stole all that money -- why can't you arrest them?
Carson was dying so they were forced to leave him. They finally got back to the base, made their report, and waited for the war to end. Only Charles couldn't wait quite as long as the others. He beat them back to the gold, took everything for himself and disappeared. It's taken Gideon, Tex and Scobie all this time to catch up with him again.
Scobie was able to travel, but Carson Dyle was clearly dying, so they --
Please go on, Mr. Bartholomew -- what happened then?
Have you any idea what these things cost over here?
May I have a cigarette, please?
By burying it, and then reporting that the Germans had captured it. All they had to do was come back after the war, dig it up and split it five ways -- a quarter of a million dollars with no questions asked.
Steal it how?
Yes. The five men. They were, of course, your husband, Charles, the three men who showed up at his funeral yesterday, and Carson Dyle. But something went wrong and they were unable to locate their contact. It must have been at that point that they decided to steal the money.
Go on, please -- five men -- $250,000 -- the French Underground --
Can I at least keep the onion soup?
Mrs. Lampert, I really hadn't planned on spending the entire night here.
Gratine, choucroute garnie, salade de pommes -- et un ballon de rouge.
Caf.
In 1944, five members of the O.S.S. -- the military espionage unit -- were ordered behind the German lines for the purpose of delivering $250,000 in gold to the French Underground. The five men --
Barely, yes.
I suppose you're old enough to have heard of World War Two?
Dead? Mr. Bartholomew -- maybe you'd better tell me what this thing's all about.
I didn't see any point. Dyle's dead.
Mr. Bartholomew -- why didn't you tell me you knew about Dyle?
You mean you've known about him all along? Why didn't you tell me?
There's only one Dyle connected with this affair, Mrs. Lampert -- that's Carson.
Carson?
That's not Carson Dyle.
No, what?
No.
Well -- he's tall -- over six feet -- rather thin -- in good physical shape, I'd say -- dark eyes -- quite handsome, really.
Describe him.
He's hardly my Mr. Dyle.
What does your Mr. Dyle look like, Mrs. Lampert?
Dyle, or whatever his name is.
Who?
He has a gun, Mr. Bartholomew -- I saw it.
Agents.
Yes, but I lost him. I really did it quite brilliantly. I'm beginning to think women make the best spies.
Were you followed?
What did you want to see me about, Mr. Bartholomew?
Yes, where?  -- in fifteen minutes. I'll be there.
Where are you now -- can you meet me? Do you know Les Halles?
You mean he might have -- Mr. Bartholomew, I'm catching the next plane out of here -- I'm not going to sit here and wait for someone to make chopped liver out of me!
I don't know who this Mr. Dyle is, but it's just possible we were wrong about who killed your husband.
Like I said, Mrs Lampert -- I'm afraid you're in a great deal of danger. Remember what happened to Charles.
Oh.
Because they're still here.
Why not?
Well, there you are! Charles had the money with him -- so whoever killed him has it -- they have it!
We've no proof, of course, but we rather think so, yes.
Wait a minute -- you think those three men killed Charles, don't you?
Here's where you're to call me -- day or night. It's a direct line to both my office and my apartment. Don't lose it, Mrs. Lampert -- and please don't tell anyone about coming to see me. It could prove fatal for them as well as yourself.
Look for it, Mrs. Lampert -- look just as hard and as fast as you can. You may not have a great deal of time. Those men know you have it just as surely as we do. You won't be safe until the money's in our hands. Is that clear?
But --
Or a safe deposit key, a certified check, a baggage claim -- you look for it, Mrs. Lampert -- I'm quite sure you'll find it.
You mean it's just lying around someplace -- all that cash?
Nevertheless, Mrs Lampert -- you've got it.
Mr. Bartholomew -- if I had a quarter of a million dollars, believe me, I'd know it.
Oh, you've got the money all right -- you just don't know you've got it.
Thanks very much.
I believe you.
I'm sorry it's impossible. It's the truth.
That's impossible. You're the only one who could have it.
But I don't have it.
And I'm afraid we want it back.
Oh, I see.
Ours.
Then whose is it? His or theirs?
Oh, Mrs. Lampert! I'd love to see you try and convince them of that!  Oh, dear.
But it's Charles's money, not theirs.
Oh, haven't I? The money -- Mrs. Lampert -- the money. The $250,000 Charles Voss received from the auction. Those three men want it, too -- they want it very badly.
Gladly, only I don't know what you want! You haven't told me.
Please, do what we ask, Mrs. Lampert -- it's your only chance.
Mr. Bartholomew -- if you're trying to frighten me you're doing a really first-rate job! 
You're Charles Voss's wife -- now that he's dead you're their only lead.
Danger? Why should I be in any danger?
Mrs. Lampert, I'm afraid you're in a great deal of danger.
Yes -- and tell me if you recognize anyone. Just a moment. Have a good look.
Stop calling me that! Lampert's the name on the marriage license.
Aren't they?  Now look at this one, Mrs. Voss, and --
Very sweet.
Voss -- Charles Voss. All right, Mrs. Voss --  -- I'd like you to look at this photograph, please -- by the way, you saw this one, didn't you?  Scott, Cathy, and Ham, Jr.
His -- real -- ?
Yes. We knew him, of course, by his real name.
So that was it.
To be more specific, he was wanted by this agency.
May I have a sandwich, please?
Your husband was wanted by the U. S. government.
What's all this got to do with me, Mr. Bartholomew?
Yes -- That all he needs is a code book and a cyanide pill and he's in business.
Agent.
I'm not an agent, Mrs. Lampert -- I'm an administrator -- a desk jockey -- trying to run a bureau of overworked men with under-allocated funds. Congress seems to think that all a spy needs --
I'm sorry, it's just that I didn't think that you people were supposed to admit --
Someone has to do it, Mrs. Lampert --
We? You mean you're --?
Only we call them agents.
You mean spies and things like that?
Central Intelligence Agency -- C.I.A.
I don't suppose it's an airline, is it?
Do you know what C.I.A. is, Mrs. Lampert?
No thanks.
Have some, please. I've got...  ...liverwurst -- liverwurst -- chicken and -- liverwurst.
Charles Lampert's widow -- yes?  Last time I sent out a tie only the spot came back.
Mr. Bartholomew -- are you sure you know who I am?
Dry-cleaningwise, things are all fouled up. I had a good man -- an excellent man on the Rue Ponthieu, but H.Q. asked us to use the plant here in the building -- to ease the gold outflow.
Come in, Mrs. Lampert. You're quite late.
Mrs. Lampert -- Mrs. Charles Lampert.
I'm sorry -- my secretary must have gone to lunch. You are -- ?
No, thank heaven.
Herman Scobie. And you've never seen him before, either?
That's a face you don't forget -- he was there too --
The last one, please.
No.
Do you know him, Mrs. Vo -- Mrs. Lampert? Leopold W. Gideon?
Yes -- and he was there, too -- a little fatter now -- and less hair -- but it's the same one.
Next, please.
No.
Does the name Tex Penthollow mean anything to you?
It's the man who came to the funeral yesterday -- I'm sure of it -- a tall man in a corduroy suit and string tie.
1944. The next face, please.
He looks so young -- when was this taken?
Very good.
It's Charles!
Before we start on that, do you mind handing over the stamps?
You did too say it -- I heard you. Oh, I love you Adam -- I mean Alex -- er, Peter -- Brian. I hope we have lots of boys -- we can name them all after you.
I didn't say anything. Will you give me those stamps?
You can't prove it, can you? You're still trying to --  marriage license! Did you say -- ?
Well, maybe we'd better forget about it, then.
You'd lie about anything.
I wouldn't lie on a thing like that -- I could go to jail.
Quit stalling -- I want to see some identification -- now!
How about if next week some time I put it on a marriage license -- that ought to --
Only if you can prove to me that you're really Brian Cruikshank.
My mother -- she lives in Detroit. Come on now -- give me those stamps.
Oh.
No.
But you're -- divorced?
Yes.
Is there a Mrs. Cruikshank?
Who asked you to get stuck with any of them?
Brian Cruikshank -- it would serve me right if I got stuck with that one.
Brian.
What's your first name today?
Okay, now -- hand over those stamps.
Starting with his own.
-- recommending that all Embassy offices be locked during the lunch hour.
Bartholomew?
Mrs. Foster -- send a memo to Bartholomew at Security recommending that --
Then how do I know this is your office?
The lunch hour. He probably worked it out in advance. He found an office that was usually left open and just moved in for the time you were here.
Around one.
When did you see him -- what time, I mean?
Here --  Wait a minute -- how did Carson Dyle get an office in here, anyway?
We're not allowed to tell. May I have the stamps, please?
You couldn't even be honest about being dishonest. Why didn't you say something?
Crooked? I should think you'd be glad to find out I wasn't crooked.
Well, of all the mean, rotten, contemptible, crooked --
I'll take that.
We'd better exchange keys. Here's mine.
What's wrong, Herman -- have you got something to hide?  Then I take it there are no objections.
Not my room!
It's all right with us --
He's just tryin' to throw us off! They've got it, I tell you! Why don't we search their rooms?
But he'd have to. If he left he'd be admitting his guilt -- and the others would know what happened. Whoever it is has to wait here, pretending to look for the money, waiting for the rest of us to give up and go home. That's when he'll be safe and not a minute before.
That's a crock! If one of us did that he wouldn't hang around here waiting for the other two to wise up.
Or you --  Or you --
Me?
I don't know, Herman -- maybe you do.
Then who does?
And stop threatening that boy. He doesn't have the money. Mrs. Lampert doesn't either.
That's the idea.
Back where?
You're out, Dyle -- right now!
Supposing I did have it -- which I don't -- do you really think I'd hand it over?
And I say maybe you both have it! One more time, Dyle -- where is it?
Is that why you dragged me all the way up here -- to ask me that? She has it -- you know that.
I'll give you a chance, Dyle -- which is more than you'd give me. Where's the money?
Very pretty. Now what?
The view had better be worth it.
Keep going.
Open it.
Do I knock or something?
Okay -- up there.
Sorry about that.
I said with the mouth shut.
How long do you intend -- ?
We wait -- with our mouths shut.
What now?
You'll wreck your raincoat.
If you do anything funny, or try to talk to anyone, I'll kill you, Dyle -- here and now. Okay?
No -- he's not the same. Alexander Dyle was interested in clearing up his brother's death. Adam Canfield is a crook. And with all the advantages you've got -- brains, charm, education, a handsome face --
The man's the same, even if the name isn't.
Adam Canfield. Wonderful. Do you realize you've had three names in the past two days? I don't even know who I'm talking to any more.
Sorry, the name's Adam Canfield.
But I do believe it -- that's what I don't believe. So it's goodbye Alexander Dyle -- Welcome home Peter Joshua.
Well, I can't really blame you -- not now.
I don't believe it.
Well, it isn't exactly the term I'd have chosen, but I suppose it captures the spirit of the thing.
You mean, you're a thief?
When a man has no profession except the one he loathes, what's left? I began looking for people with more money than they'd ever need -- including some they'd barely miss.
What do you mean?
It led me away from umbrella frames, for one thing. But that left me without any honest means of support.
I suppose all this is leading somewhere?
After I graduated college I was all set to go into my father business. Umbrella frames -- that's what he made. It was a sensible business, I suppose, but I didn't have the sense to be interested in anything sensible.
Go on.
Are you going to listen?
Well!
Why don't you shut up!
Fiction or non-fiction?
Okay. Then get set for the story of my life -- not that it would ever make the best-seller list.
I can't very well leave without a pair of water wings.
I can explain if you'll just listen. Will you listen?
Carson Dyle didn't have a brother.
I don't understand you at all -- one minute you're chasing me around the shower room and the next you're accusing me of murder.
It's a start, anyway.
What do I have to do to satisfy you -- become the next victim?
Are you trying to say that I might have killed Charles and Scobie?
But then if we sit back and wait, the field should start narrowing down, shouldn't it? Whoever's left alive at the end will pretty well have sewn up the nomination, wouldn't you say so?
No -- not yet.
How can I believe it when you don't even know who the killer is? I've got that right, haven't I? You don't know who did it.
Nothing's going to happen to you while I'm around -- I want you to believe that.
I keep thinking about Charles and Scobie -- and the one who's going to be next -- me?
Reggie -- you haven't spoken a word in twenty minutes.
I don't believe it.
Every day. The manufacturer recommends it.
How often do you go through this little ritual?
The suit needs it more than I do, anyway.
I don't think I know that one.
Shut the door!
I usually sing a medley of old favorites when I bathe -- any requests?
Have you ever heard of anyone taking a shower with his shoes on?  What a nut.
What are you doing?
I dare you.
Then I suggest you call one of them.
This is a ludicrous situation. There must be dozens of men dying to use my shower.
Reggie -- open the door.
The shower's in there.
Did you ever hear the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Got you.
Let me know what you want -- I'll pick a suit that matches.
Hurry up and change -- I'm starved.
No --
What? Assassinate somebody?
First your brother, then Charles, now Scobie -- we've got to do something! Any minute now we could be assassinated! Would you do anything like that?
Yes, I know.
What makes you think that this somebody will be satisfied with three? He wants it all, Alex -- that means we're in his way, too.
Maybe somebody felt that four shares were too many --
No, about Scobie, I mean. I can't think of any reason why he was killed.
Don't worry, I'm not going to hit you.
I'm scared.
Hm?
Alex --
No sense messing up the streets.
I'm sorry.
I'd love some, thanks.
No -- Gene Kelly. Remember the way he danced down there next to the river in 'American in Paris' -- without a care in the world? This is good, want some?
What -- like Scobie?
Women. You know, I can't help feeling rather sorry for Scobie.  Wouldn't it be nice if we were like that?
Who?
Oh. I guess they just can't help it.
A) It's always the person you don't suspect; B) that means you think it's Tex because you really suspect Gideon; therefore C) if you think it's Tex, it has to be someone else -- Gideon.
What's so illogical about that?
Do women think it's feminine to be so illogical -- or can't they help it?
Because I really suspect Gideon -- and it is always the person you don't suspect.
Why?
I think Tex did it.
You're a big help. Can I have one of those?
Maybe.
Or Tex?
Maybe.
Who do you think did it -- Gideon?
No.
Reggie -- ? Did you find it?
Viens, Jean-Louis -- we're going to have a treasure hunt.
He's all yours. I'll do Tex and Gideon. Take Jean-Louis with you -- and make sure you bolt the door from inside.
Scobie -- he's the one that objected.
Come on -- let's get busy. Who gets your vote?
I'd better call Sylvie -- she must be frantic.
Hello, Herman, it was a happy landing, I see.
I don't know -- it depends on whether or not they've already eaten.
Lord, I forgot all about it -- Sylvie works late Tuesday nights -- she always leaves him with me. They wouldn't do anything to a little boy, would they?
Tuesday.
What day is it?
I'll be right there.
That sounds like their problem.
They've got Jean-Louis!
Whoever it is won't give up -- and neither will I.
The phone's ringing --
I think I love you, Alex --
Now please, Reggie -- cut it out.
Oh. 
But I'm not through complaining yet.
You did.
Who told you to do that?
Cutting it out.
What are you doing?
Okay.
Now please, Reggie -- cut it out.
Okay -- I'll tell you what -- we'll just sit around all day long being frivolous -- how about that?
Serious. When a man gets to be my age that's the last word he ever wants to hear. I don't want to be serious -- and I especially don't want you to be.
Said what?
There, you said it.
Why can't you be serious?
Well, there's your trouble right there -- you're too old for me.
I'm not fifteen.
So was Juliet -- at fifteen.
Oh-oh -- here it comes. The fatherly talk. You forget I'm already a widow.
Reggie -- listen to me --
I hope it turns out you're a Whitefoot, Alex -- I could be very happy hanging around the tepee.
Come here.
Whitefoot, of course.
Which one are you?
Why not a lying Blackfoot?
Oh. Well, then he's a truthful Whitefoot, of course.
Because he's wearing moccasins.
Why couldn't you just look at his feet?
There's an old riddle about two tribes of Indians -- the Whitefeet always tell the truth and the Blackfeet always lie. So one day you meet an Indian, you ask him if he's a truthful Whitefoot or a lying Blackfoot? He tells you he's a truthful Whitefoot, but which one is he?
There must be some way.
You can't.
Alex -- how can you tell if someone is lying or not?
I'm sorry I couldn't tell you the truth, but I had to find out your part in all this.
There -- you're a new man.
I'm no easier to live with than he was.
I thought that was Peter Joshua.
Yes, but we're divorced.
Is there a Mrs. Dyle?
Alexander.
Ha ha. You could at least tell me what your first name is these days.
Okay, I'll drive you around there some day.  Ouch!
Sure.
Would you like to see where I was tattooed?
Your passport! What kind of a proof is that?
Would you like to see my passport?
Are you really Carson Dyle's brother?
Haven't you got a bullet I can bite?
Does it hurt?
It's not so bad. You may not be able to lie on your back for a few days -- but, then, you can lie from any position, can't you?
Listen -- all I really want is an estimate.
Come on -- I've got something that stings like crazy.
I left him hanging around the American Express.
Scobie?
I met a man with sharp nails.
Didn't anyone ever tell you it's impolite to --  What happened?
How can I? You lied to me -- the way Charles did -- and after promising you wouldn't. Oh, I want to believe you, Peter... oh, but I can't call you that anymore, can I? It will take me a while to get used to your new name -- which I don't even know yet. What is it?  Aren't you going to tell me?  Hello -- ?
The army thinks he was killed in action by the Germans, but I think they did it -- Tex, Gideon and Scobie -- and your husband -- because he wouldn't go along with their scheme to steal the gold. I think he threatened to turn them in and they killed him. I'm trying to prove it. They think I'm working with them. But I'm not, and that's the truth. I'm on your side, Reggie -- please believe that.
Your --
Yes, he is. He was my brother.
Carson Dyle is dead.
But you know my name -- it's Dyle.
Well, you know now, so please tell me who you are.
I had to -- for all I knew you could have been in on the whole thing.
Why you lied to me.
No cat and mouse -- you've got me. What do you want to know?
It's the only name I've got. How about you?
Reggie?
Good morning, Mr. Dyle.
No. For a few minutes they were mine -- that is enough.
I'm -- I'm sorry.
I am a tradesman, Madame, not a doorman. And don't forget these.
Please keep it.
Here's ten.
Let me see. There are 350 European, 200 Asian, 175 American, 100 African and twelve Princess Grace commemorative -- which comes to nine francs fifty.
You gave the boy quite a lot of stamps in return, Monsieur Flix -- are they for sale now?
The best for the last -- le chef- d'oeuvre de la collection. The masterpiece. It is the most valuable stamp in the world. It is called 'The Gazette Guyanne.' It was printed by hand on colored paper in 1852 and marked with the initials of the printer.  Today it has a value of $100,000.  Eh, bien -- I am not a thief. I knew there was some mistake. Take them.
And the last one?
A two-penny Mauritius -- issued in 1856. Not so rare as the others -- $30,000 perhaps.
Do you have anything to eat?  And the orange one -- what about the orange one?
Forty-five thousand.
In money.
In human life? In greed? In suffering?
What's its value today?
It is called 'The Hawaiian Blue' and there are only seven left. In 1894 the owner of one was murdered by a rival collector who was obsessed to own it.
Do you mind if I sit down?  What about the blue one?
In your money, perhaps $65,000.
I'm afraid it is important.
The money is unimportant.
How much is it worth?
I know them as one knows his own face, even though I have never seen them. This yellow one -- a Swedish four shilling -- called 'De Gula Fyraskillingen' -- issued in 1854.
I'm -- I'm sorry -- I don't know anything about stamps.
Have you ever, in your entire life, seen anything so beautiful?
The man who bought them last week was American. I did not see him but I heard. I knew you would come.
Yes.
I was expecting you. You are American too, of course.
Monsieur Flix -- ?
The kid said --
What do you mean, no?
Nachurly. And that goes for Herman, too.
Nachurly. Jus' like I'd tell you.
You know I'd tell you if I had it.
You don't s'pose one o' us has it, like the man said -- I mean, that'd be pretty distasteful -- us bein' vet'rans o' the same war 'n' all.
Meaning what?
You think that mebbe we're fishin' the wrong stream?
Not unless we're blind.
There sure ain't nothin' here worth no quarter of a million.
No. The police have kindly provided us with a list.
You sure nuthin's missin'?
Why bother him?
And if it is?
What for? If it's not here, why bother him?
That's right -- it's like ticklin' a alligator's belly.
I suggest you get about your business -- nothing soothes Herman like success.
And then some. If you'd only told us you was goin' to her room we could've kept 'em busy --
That was a dumb move, Herman -- a dumb move.
She isn't going to be anybody's mother unless you answer some questions.
But his mother --
I'm afraid that will have to wait, Mrs. Lampert.
Stop it!
Dead, Mrs. Lampert -- like last week's news -- like Charles, Mrs. Lampert --
Leave me alone -- !
Mrs. Lampert, any morning now you could wake up dead.
I don't know anything.
It doesn't belong to you, Mrs. Lampert -- you do know that, don't you?
Tell me what?
Didn't Charles tell you, Mrs. Lampert?
What do you want?
Mrs. Lampert --
It stands to reason you are telling the truth -- for why would you invent such a ridiculous story?
No -- in my room.
In Mr. Dyle's room?
I was, too.
And this? And this?
I don't understand.
And this?
Of course it is.
One more question. Is this your husband's passport?
Is that all? Can I go now?
If you will sign this list you may take the things with you.
Yes. Your appointment has been changed.  One key to your apartment -- one comb -- one fountain pen --  one toothbrush -- one tin of tooth powder  -- that is all.
Did you?
We took the liberty of calling your dentist -- we thought, perhaps, we would learn something.
"My dear Regina: I hope you are enjoying your holiday. Megeve can be so lovely this time of year. The days pass very slowly and I hope to see you soon. As always, Charles. P.S. Your dentist called yesterday. Your appointment has been changed."  Not very much, is it?
A letter? May I see it?
Obviously.  One ticket of passage to South America -- one letter, stamped but unsealed, addressed to you --
I don't know. Perhaps he met somebody.
One wallet containing four thousand francs -- one agenda --  -- his last notation was made yesterday -- Thursday --  "Five p.m. -- Jardin des Champs- Elyses"  Why there?
I wish you wouldn't.
Is it all right?
It is all right.
I know.  I'm sorry.
C'est absurde, Madame. To-tale-ment absurde!
I don't know.
Besides yourself, who is his nearest relation?
I don't know.
Where did he keep his money?
I don't know.
About how wealthy would you say?
I don't know. I suppose so.
He was a wealthy man?
He didn't have one.
Oh. Swiss. His profession?
Swiss.
He was American?
I'm very confused.
Your husband possessed a ticket of passage on the 'Maranguape.' It sailed from Bordeaux for Maracaibo this morning at seven.
Leave?
We discovered your husband's body lying next to the tracks of the Paris- Bourdeaux railroad line. He was dressed only in his pajamas. Do you know of any reason why he might have wished to leave France?
I'm very cold.
You loved him?
I am Inspector Edouard Grandpierre of the Police Judiciaire. Would you be so kind as to come with me, please?
Yes.
No -- but I will ask.
I don't blame him. Jean-Louis -- do you know where this Monsieur Flix lives?
But he is gone.
Oh no! What man, Jean-Louis --  where?
A man traded with me -- all those for only four.
Jean-Louis -- thank heavens! Do you have -- !  What's that?
No, Jean-Louis.
Up there! It is up there!
We won! We won!
If you think you're getting credit for this, you're crazy.
I found it! I found it!
I hope I don't find any little hairy things living up here -- wait! There is something! If I can just -- yes, I'm getting it -- a case of some sort -- it's heavy.
Up there! I would put it up there!
Voil what?
Oh.  Neither do I.  Voil!
Swell -- only this man doesn't have a garden.
I know. I would bury it in the garden.
Come on, now -- if you wanted to hide something, where would you put it?
What should we give him?
Oh, la! If I find the treasure, will I win a prize?
Okay.
-- you could have the stamps. I'll get you some here, okay?
Yes, of course -- but if you went back and wrote me a letter --
Don't tell me you didn't know it was loaded.  Sylvie!
Oh, la.
Good night.
Yes, I'll remember. Good night.
Hey -- I'm on your side. Remember that.
Don't put yourself out.
Go to sleep -- I'll see you in the morning.
Words can hurt very much.
You mustn't let what he said bother you. It was only words.
What are you talking about?
I don't -- but as long as they think you have the money, or know where it is, or have it without knowing where it is, or don't even know you have it --
How do you know what they're doing?
They're only trying to scare you, that's all.
I believe what he said.
I wouldn't take that too seriously.
He -- he said if I didn't give the money, he'll kill me.
What'd he say?
What is it, Reggie -- what's he saying?
Yes -- that's right.
The man you had the fight with.
Who is it?
Do you tell lies?
Usually it's because they want something -- and they're afraid the truth won't get it for them.
Peter, you've got to promise me something. Promise you'll never lie the way Charles did. Why do people have to tell lies?
That's all right -- it's a drip-dry.
I'm so hungry I could faint.  I've -- I've gotten your suit all wet.
Of course I'll help -- I told you I would, didn't I? Come on now --
Please help me, Peter -- you're the only one I can trust.
No, they won't -- I won't let them.
But he didn't! I've looked everywhere --  And if I don't find it --  Those men going to kill me.
So they think he left it with you.
I don't know.  Those men killed Charles to get it. But he must not have had it with him on the train.
No, it isn't -- where's the money?
That's all.
Go on.
A quarter of a million dollars.
What?
There are three men -- he's one of them -- they think I have something that belongs to them.
There was no trace of him. All right, Reggie -- suppose you tell me what this is all about.
You took the words right out of my mouth.
Be careful, Peter.
Lock the door and the window -- and don't let anyone in except me. I'll be back in a minute.
Out of the window, I guess -- I didn't see him.
I think I sprained my pride.  Where'd he go?
Peter -- are you all right?
Good night.
Nothing. Good night.
What?
Do you know what's wrong with you?
Then stop acting like one. If you're really in some kind of trouble, I'd like to hear about it. Otherwise, it's late, I'm tired and I'm going home to bed.
How would you like a punch in the nose? Stop treating me like a child.
How would you like a spanking?
Him: 'Do you mind if I come in for a nightcap, Reggie?' Her: 'Well -- it is awfully late.' Him: 'Just one, all right?' Her: 'Promise you'll behave yourself.' Him: 'Sorry, baby, I never make promises I can't keep.'
How about once more around the park?
On the street where you live.
Where?
We're here.
Don't you know I could already be arrested for transporting a minor above the first floor?
Look, I know it's asking you to stretch your imagination, but can't you pretend for a moment that I'm a woman and that you're a --
What your husband was mixed up in.
What was what?
What was it?
How do you shave in there?
You said this afternoon that your husband was mixed up in something.
Yes, you were -- you called it nonsense. Being murdered in cold blood isn't nonsense. Wait until it happens to you sometime.
I wasn't --
Stop bullying me. Everybody's bullying me.
Stop this nonsense! If you're in some sort of trouble I want to know about it.
That's what I'm not supposed to say.
Who said?
He said if I told anybody it could prove fatal for them as well as me.
I don't think I follow you.
I -- I'm not sure if I'm supposed to tell you or not.
You haven't said a word since we left the club -- what happened back there?
Having a nervous breakdown.
What are you doing in here?
Lay on, MacDuff.
En garde.
No, everyone. Come on -- avanti, avanti!
You mean you and me?
Fun and games. Evidently we're the floorshow.
What was all that?
Starting tonight?
Right there, between your eyes -- see? Worry lines. You're much too young and too pretty to have anything like that. How about making me vice- president in charge of cheering you up?
He's only pretending, to teach her a lesson -- only --  only he is dead, Peter -- I saw him -- he's not pretending. Somebody threw him off a train. What am I going to do?
Of course? I thought he was dead.
The man and the woman are married --
I'm still having trouble with English.
Don't you understand French?
What's going on?
I'm sorry -- I heard the children laughing.
You telephoned me to meet you. I've been standing on the corner back there -- waiting for you.
Hallo, Peter.
Something modest but clean -- and near enough to UNESCO so you can take a cab when it rains -- okay?
Not too expensive -- I'm not a lady of leisure anymore.
We'll find you a hotel.
I don't know where to go.
Come on. You can't stay here.
Something like that. But I'm sorry it ended like this -- tossed off a train like a sack of third-class mail.
Instant divorce you mean?
I'm a simultaneous translator -- like Sylvie, only she's English to French -- I'm French to English. That's what I did before I married Charles. The police probably think I killed him.
Doing what?
Try and get my old job back at UNESCO, I suppose.
Do you know what you're going to do?
Charles sold it all -- at auction.
Where did everything go?
Yes it is -- I heard it this morning.
I rang the bell but I don't think it's working.
Thank you.
It's in all the afternoon papers. I'm very sorry.
How did you find out?
I phoned but nobody answered. I wanted to tell you how sorry I am -- and to find out if there was anything I could do.
What are you doing here?
Is there only one Charles Lampert?
Charles is.
Are you in the book?
Well, the idea's right, anyway. Are you going to call me?
It's terrible -- you just made it up.
How do you know?
Shakespeare never said that.
Oh. Well, wasn't it Shakespeare who said: "When strangers do meet they should erelong see one another again"?
No, I'm not -- I've got some packing to do. I'm also going back to Paris today.
Now you're angry.
Mr. Joshua.  Well, I've enjoyed talking with you.
Oh, Charles is hardly ever with me. First it was separate rooms -- now we're trying it with cities. What do people call you -- Pete?
Is your husband with you?
That wasn't a proposal -- I was just curious.
Yes, but we're divorced.
Is there a Mrs. Joshua?
Oh. I guess.
Well, you go in and you ask for some toothpaste -- the small size -- and the man brings you the large size. You tell him you wanted the small size but he says the large size is the small size. I always thought the large size was the largest size, but he says that the family size, the economy size and the giant size are all larger than the large size -- that the large size is the smallest size there is.
I'm not sure I --
Yes, I am -- I'm compulsive about it -- dishonesty infuriates me. Like when you go into a drugstore.
Well, you're honest, anyway.
No, you see, I don't really love him.
Please, not on my account.
No, it isn't. I'm getting a divorce.
Good for you.
Yes.
Is there a Mr. Lampert?
I'm Regina Lampert.
Peter Joshua.
The one you're blocking. This is the last chance I have -- I'm flying back to Paris this afternoon. What's your name?
Sorry. Which view would you like?
I'm afraid you're blocking my view.
Clever fellow -- almost missed me.
You give up awfully easy, don't you?
How's that?
Quitter.
Yes, of course. But you will let me know if anyone goes on the critical list 
I'm afraid I already know a great many people. Until one of them dies I couldn't possibly meet anyone else.
I don't know -- how would I know?
Why, do you think we're going to?
He was throwing snowballs at Baron Rothschild.  We don't know each other, do we?
It's hers. Where'd you find him, robbing a bank?
Oh, forgive me.  Is this yours?
Yes, ma'am. A little one -- 'bout seven or eight years old. Th' little tyke keeps callin' you his Aunt Reggie -- ain't that cute?
Can you give me one good reason why I should?
You think on it real careful-like, Miz Lampert -- y'hear?
Please stop -- please!
It belongs to me, Miz Lampert -- an' if you don't give it to me your life ain't gonna be worth the paper it's printed on. You savvy what I'm sayin', Miz Lampert?
Don't make too much noise, Miz Lampert --
Stop that!
Come on now -- sure you do. An' you'd better give it to me, Miz Lampert -- cuz I ain't foolin'. No sireebob!
No -- no, I'm don't.
You know what I want, Miz Lampert...
Wha -- what do you want?
Howdy, Miz Lampert.
I don't understa--
Charlie had no call to handling it this-a-way. He sure didn't. No siree.
Yes?
Miz Lampert, ma'am...
We will separate -- you look over there.
I don't see him.
A fortune! Hurry -- we've got to find him!
What?
Those stamps -- they're worth a fortune!
What's the matter, chrie?
Good Lord! The stamps! Where is he? Sylvie -- we've got to find him!
The stamp market, of course -- it is here every Thursday afternoon. This is where Jean-Louis trades his --
I'm glad. But what's all this?
He was so excited -- when he got the stamps you gave him this morning. He said he had never seen any like them.
What's he up to?
Hello, Reggie -- I am waiting for Jean-Louis.
Sylvie -- ? What are you doing here?
Oh la vache!
Hold it -- Italy just finished. They're recognizing Great Britain.
Don't be silly -- he would not do anything. He is not yet old enough to be interested in girls. He says collecting stamps is much more satisfying to a man of his age.
I hope Jean-Louis understands about last night -- it's just not safe for him to be around me right now.
I don't know.  But if this is a sample of American diplomacy I'm buying a fallout shelter.
What is it about?
The American Embassy.
Who is it from?
He's allergic to him.
How can you tell?
He must have known Charles pretty well.
I've never seen him before.
Do you know him?
Until two days ago all I really knew about Charles was his name -- now it turns out I didn't even know that.
Have you no idea who could have done it?
At least he knows how to behave at funerals.
Don't ask me -- I'm only the widow.  If Charles had died in bed we wouldn't even have him.
Didn't Charles have any friends?
It's not exactly what I'd call a large turn-out.
Don't you want me to stay?
He knows everything.
I admit I moved to Paris because I was tired of American Provincial,
With a rich husband and this year's clothes you will not find it difficult to make some new friends.
But that is no reason to get a divorce!
Because I don't love him.
But why do you want a divorce?
I don't know how to explain it. I'm just too miserable.
But what?
He's the only husband I've got. I tried to make it work, I really have -- but --
a alors! From Charles?
Sylvie -- I'm getting a divorce.
Va jouer, mon ange.
Isn't there something constructive he can do -- like start an avalanche?
We want that money -- now!
This ain't no game, Miz Lampert.
Who invited you?
Howdy, Miz Lampert.
Then he gets it out of your share, not mine! Not mine!
Shoot no, not after all these years.
He took care of Charlie for us.
Yeah? What's that?
Don't be un-neighborly-like, Herman -- don't forget he done us a little ol' favor.
We took all the chances. The money belongs to us, not him!
Can I come in? I'll need to use the phone.
You do?
I think I know how to restore your reputation.
He should. Four guys hit on me today, and not because they find me intellectually stimulating.
He feels terrible about those things he said to you in school.
Why?
I'm Lisa Sherman. Dylan's aunt. He asked me to come talk to you.
Yeah?
Ok!
I get the imports.
One more time.
Don't flatter yourself. You'll be lucky to last ten seconds with me Ben.
That's an awful lot for ten minutes of beasting?
Ok not your imports. All your other CDS and your K2 snowboard.
Not my imports.
I get all your CDs.
Your mind is just twisted enough. I believe you'd do all this just to get a dip or two.
WOULD that impress you? IS that what it takes to impress the empress?
ARE YOU THE KILLER BEN?
You want me to die? I thought you and I were tight.
I'm not fucking you. Not for all your CDS.
Me too. I'm going to start telling people that I saw her drop to her knees and latch on to his unit vector.
I think it's funny.
As fucking if.
If I'm so all-used-up Ben, why do you try to hook me up non-stop?
Exactly. Then he must be a virgin.
I never fucked Rod.
What I don't understand is why they asked Marliston if Rod was a virgin. They could have asked you Cindy.
I wonder why it's so important to know if they fucked?
Yeah. Chris BERRINGER WAS PARKED OUTSIDE THE WINDOW.
Calm down Brent.
I swear to God. It's her. She told Jody she was Kenny's 'AUNT LISA'. I'm getting this sickly feeling...
That's impossible.
IT'S LISA SHERMAN. But she still looks like we're eighteen.
Better than a pile of dead teenagers.
You tell these people someone is out there killing virgins and we're going to have a goddamn fuckfest on our hands.
I'm going to tell them everything I know. I'm calling a town meeting for eight p.m.
Focus on the present. You always want to change the past. Let's figure out what you are going to tell the parents today, not what you should told them yesterday.
is there anything you do?
Oh GOD Brent, is there anything you don't feel guilty about?
If I'd gone public with this yesterday Annette Michaels might be alive today.
Why not? You worried you might find out how much she actually knows?
So you just don't point blank ask your teenage daughter about sex.
So?
She's my daughter, Tom.
The kids adore him. They confide in him. His patchouli reeking rear might know if Stacy and Rod were really virgins. Why didn't you ask Jody that?
Why'd you send for Lenny Marliston?
I just wanted to check that you were okay?
Hi Jody.
Fine, just don't mention the carving This is going to be a tough enough day as it is.
But I am going to have to question all of their past boyfriends and girlfriends.
Good.
No.
You aren't planning to tell these kids that 'virgin' was tattooed into both Stacy and Rod, are you?
Run!
No!
Ok. Goodbye. Now get back to school.
Nothing. I just picked up the phone to say goodbye to you. You didn't say goodbye.
What did you hear?
No I wasn't.
You were eavesdropping.
Never mind darling. You go back to school. I don't want you missing anymore classes today.
Who is she Daddy?
It can't be.
You know her?
She said she was Kenny's aunt Lisa.
Are you sure?
It was a she.
I am. I'm so very proud of you. Go back to sleep.
I thought you'd be pleased.
I'm not.
You are upset.
No honey.
Daddy, are you upset that I'm still a virgin?!
Ok.
You never went, uh, all the way?
Not much further.
I wouldn't ask if I didn't have to.
Daddy! I DON'T THINK THIS IS ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS!
How much further?
A little.
I'm not criticizing. _ Did you two get any further?
Well yeah. Of course. Everyone kisses.
Well, I assume you let him kiss you?
What do you mean?
I have a question to ask you. A personal question.
What's wrong?
Hi honey.
I will. Is that all?
I want you to head right home after school.
No. Those two were together before Kenny and I started hanging out and that's over, what, God a year now.
Had either of them broken up with someone recently? Hurt someone?
I've been in the same class with Stacy for years but we weren't tight or anything.
How well did you know Stacy and Rod?
I'm fine. I've just never had someone my age die before. It's so weird.
Hi Daddy. Hi Mr. Sisler.
Hi honey.
They're not all the sheriff's daughter. Goodnight.
Dad ! Most of my friends can stay out until 11 on school nights and 1 on weekends!
You said that two weeks ago.
It won't happen again.
Your curfew is 9:30 and you know it, little miss.
What? I WAS AT SANDY'S I JUST LOST TRACK OF TIME.
You're grounded Friday night!
Daddy you scared me!
It's almost ten o'clock.
I like the idea of all the kids in one place. If it happens, just keep a man outside until you hear from me. I'll be back in a couple of hours.
We're seeing all the signs in town.
Are you sure?
Should we close down any eruption?
No?
As bizarre as it may sound, seems someone is planning to have a big party tonight.
No. I'll handle this.
We need you here. I can bring her in.
There's a Lisa Shermer living just sixty miles west of here. Over the Indiana border. I'm going.
You found her?
The same type that decides to carve into her stomach.
What kind of a person wakes up in the morning and says to themselves, 'Think I'll nail a sixteen year old girl to a tree today'?
She's underage.
This will relax her.
What are you doing?
No. Let her get at least one more peacefully night's sleep.
Did you warn her?
She's still a virgin.
Well?
She just turned off her light.
Is Jody still awake?
Two kids were found mutilated in the woods. Lock the door after me.
What happened?
People always keep their secrets in their attics or in their basements. All the weirdness in this house took place in the basement.
Why?
Yeah. You should check downstairs.
Really?
I've been in a lot of people's houses and this one's the creepiest.
No, you couldn't.
Couldn't tell she going to off herself, huh?
No.
No pictures. No mirrors. Was she a crazy woman when you knew her?
Is there a picture of her somewhere?
I don't give a fuck what your reasons are. You pay me ten dollars, you can go inside Otherwise, get a warrant.
I knew Lisa Sherman long ago. It's extremely important that I get inside and try to verify that it's the same woman who lived here.
I can.
Can you get inside?
I never met the woman. I'm just taking care of the place until they sell it.
Can you describe her? How old was she?
No. She ate a pistol for lunch one day.
She was murdered?
A bullet to the right cerebellum.
Of what?
She resides there. Out back. She died a year and a half ago.
She works at a church?
St. Michael's.
You know where I can find her?
She's not here.
I'm looking for Lisa Sherman.
Hello?
No. I couldn't do that. I have something for you.
You're not?
Shh. I'm not going to tell you not to go.
Daddy....
Your brother told us.

I know where you're going.
No. Hell, it's the quietest goddamn party I've ever seen.
But I shouldn't shut it down?
Ok.
Call Brent on the horn. See where he is. What he wants us to do. I'll head over to the school.
Nope. The switchboard is lightning up downtown. Kids from other towns are starting to congregate in the parks and at the high school. It's turning into WOODSTOCK except there's no concert.
Jesus. Any word from Brent?
Tom Sisler. He was murdered at school. Two kids went into his office to fuck and they found him, with his tongue cut out and his foot jammed into his mouth. Killer also chopped off his pecker and stuffed it in his pencil holder.
Who's?
We just found another body.
I knew you were a pervert. Always wearing those fucking doofy glasses, and driving a station wagon.
Please get out of my way or I'll have to hurt you.
I was grounded for two fucking months because of you!
I'm sure you should have failed.
You gave me a 'D'.
What?
You fucked me up!
What are you doing here?
Pay no attention to me.
You think you're my sister?
Please! You wouldn't kill your sister, would you?
Yes that's the whole point. This is what I was put on this earth to do. Rape the town that raped my mother. Steal its pristine innocence like it stole hers. I've planned this since I was a very little boy. You have no real freedom either. Your father has cast a shadow that you've never eluded.
You're the killed.
I was born nine months after she was raped. One of the four men who raped her is my father. I have no idea which one.
Yes.
Lisa Sherman was my mother. Do you know who that is?
_ Your father raped someone?
He's a rapist. Like mine.
What do you know about my father?
Because of your father. The way what his sins shaped you.
Me? Why me?
Yes. We have no real freedom. You of all people should understand that. This may sting.
Really?
We're all manipulated. From the moment we're born. The event that fatalistically shaped my life happened before I was even born.
I really do. For your own safety.
You think I should go to the party, Mr. Marliston?
Then you should go.
Of course I'm scared.
of COURSE. You're not scared?
You know about that too?
You aren't going to the party?
Sure.
Can you just follow me? The back is full?
Ok. Should I put my bike in the back of your car?
My house is just a couple of blocks away. Why don't you come on over and clean those cuts up.
I am.
Jody, you have to go to the party. For your own safety.
I can't right now.
Kenny'll want to go with you. Cindy's holding a Q and A session at the bleachers. Come on.
Stag?
I kind of like the idea that we can all lose it together, on the same night. It'll be a lot less scary. You have to go.
Didn't you have something a little more romantic in mind for your first time?
Unless he makes a move during seventh period.
You're thinking of sleeping with Mark tonight?
It's like a pop your cherry party. Everyone's saying it's 'Fuck or Die' time.
I won't.
Especially not your dad.
Ok.
You can't tell your parents.
No.
Shh. Ben's party. Tonight. Haven't you heard?
What party?
Mark invited me to the party.
What?
Hurricane Hormone. it's flattened the whole school. Guess what?
FINE. Are you?
You ok?
The phone just went dead. I called the police and ran right over as fast as I could.
Someone tried to kill me.
NO?!
You watch. There's going to be a hymen holocaust tomorrow. Maybe I'll finally talk to Mark Shale.
Not that many.
There will be a lot fewer by tomorrow night.
Sandy, you have to chill out, at least two-thirds of the kids in our class are still virgins. He can't butcher all of us.
OK. increase the peace.
I promised I'd go right home after school.
I keep a couple of my dad's porno books hidden in my desk for emergency reference.
How do you know what to type back when they start to cyber with you.
Want to come in for awhile? Log onto AOL, flirt with some married men, head into a private S&M chat room . . .
I don't know what I'm so scared of.
That was before he pulled this 'Dick me or I dump you' shit. I say fuck his best friend.
You're the one always saying 'Just do it'.
No!
Maybe I should blister through a bottle of Tequila and just fuck his brains out.
Personally I think he has a deep, almost pathological desire to corrupt you. But I suppose that's a type of love. I certainly wish someone wanted to corrupt me.
He says he loves me.
Kenny'll come running back. This is just his way of pressuring you.
I was desperate. It was gross.
Oh nice save.
I doubt it. Who'd want to fuck her. She probably reeks worse than the docks down in those panties.
Does she fuck?
He's just trying to mess with your head. Ignore him.
But you can't do any of it. So it sucks. I always have to 'set an example'.
You get to be a little Chelsea Clinton. Everyone wants to meet you. Party with you. Have sex with you.
You are 'sp fucking' wrong.
You're so fucking lucky your dad is the sheriff.
You could tell him you really liked the way he chews with his back molars.
What am I supposed to say? 'Nice sweater Mark'? 'Did you buy it at Eddie Bauer's?'
You're going to look really amoebic splitting off from me now.
No! That's his table.
Why? All my mom and dad ever do is watch each other eat and they've been married for twenty years.
You eventually have to talk to him.
The seat behind him is open. Come on, I can eavesdrop too.
You stare at him non-stop, like every lunch. Like this. Like most people stare at car accidents.
I don't watch him eat everyday.
Don't you want to talk to him? You watch him eat everyday.
Why?
Mark Shale.
Who?
Go sit next to him.
You're sweet. I really wish someone had thrown a party like that when I was your age. My life might have been very different.
No.
Unfortunately I qualify. Think I'm too old?
You Miss Dunlop?
Not at all. In fact, I thought about going.
Don't you think it's sick?
Of course. NO ONE EVER SHUTS UP IN THE LIBARY. Kids were whispering about it all day.
You heard about that?
Everyone's getting ready for the party.
This place is empty.
Follow me.
Twenty eight years ago.
They're all on microfiche. What year are you looking for?
Hi Miss Dunlop. Where do you keep the old town papers?
Hi Jody. What can I DO for you?
Pretend we're just another couple.
What are you doing?
Quick! In the house. He won't look for us in there.
Oh GOD IT'S HIM!
I love you.
Thanks for coming back for me.
Deputy Webber's at the party. It's only three blocks away.
Go to the police station!
He's dead! We've got to get the fuck out of here!
My dad's down there!
Then go to the party. Run with the herd Kenny. Just don't spew out all that 'be an individual, assert yourself' crap anymore.
I'm scared. Three kids are dead. I want to go to this party.
What?
Jody. Wait.
This party is sick.
Please don't go. Please. Stay, We'll just talk. Then go to the party.
Jody, you're only doing this to get back at your dad. It doesn't have that much to do with me.
And when I finally agree to spread my legs, you accuse me of treating you like meat.
Sharon's far from a slut.
You flaunt some slut in my face.
That's not why we broke up.
You break up with me because I won't fuck you.
Yeah.
I'm making you feel like meat?
Just making me feel like a piece of meat.
What's wrong? Am I doing something wrong?
Let's just start a party right here, right fucking now.
Are you coming to the party?
I don't know. I kind of am.
So I should feel happy that he got away with it?
But if he'd been sent to jail, there would be no Jody.
I can't believe I listened to one word of his shit.
I think this is a big part of growing up. It's losing your spiritual virginity. It's when you finally discover that your parents aren't anything they told you they were. They're even bigger hypocrites than your friends.
My dad acts like he's Johnny Fucking Perfect and he's really Johnny Fucking Rapist.
All our parents are weirdoes. I think my dad is into hookers. I know he lit cats on fire when he was a kid.
Yes!
I'll think about it.
They're not picking me up until six.
I have to go home after school. I have something really important I have to ask my mom.
I feel like I NEED YOU DAD'S permission just to kiss you. Jody, it's time to assert yourself To be a big girl. An individual. I'm going to this party tonight. Jimmy's my ride. Come over to my house after school. We'll go together.
I do not.
Yes you are. You always do. It's why we broke up. You always hide behind him.
I'm not using him as an excuse.
If you don't want to go with me just say so. Say 'Kenny, I DON'T WANT TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU' but don't use your dad as an excuse. I'm so sick of it.
No I'm really grounded. When I got in late the other night, my father was waiting up for me.
Everyone's grounded. There's a killer on the loose.
I'm so flattered but I can't. I'm grounded.
You know I want to go with you.
Did Sharon say no?
Nobody wants to be the fourth. Please go with me.
Three of our classmates are dead. That's not really the occasion for a party.
Why?
Yeah. I think it's really sick.
I was worried about you. Did you hear about the bash?
I did.
I heard you got attacked.
I'm fine.
Are you O.K.?
Jody, we've been going out for over a year. I love you but I'm all out of patience.
What?
You know, maybe we ought to start seeing other people.
Fuck your curfew. Most sixth graders can stay out later than you.
I got to get home.
So? You're already late. A few more minutes won't matter.
I was supposed to be home fifteen minutes ago.
Why?
Cut it out.
NO!
Not a day has gone by where your father has not torn himself to shreds for what happened. We both have...
THAT'S why he called Mr. Sisler first. He was one of them.
Who was the fourth?
Yes.
The principal?
Mr. Sisler was one of them.
You're not telling me something.
Two men left town right after it happened.
The men. Do any of them still live around here?
Who?
Who were they?
I've regretted it ever since. Never run with the herd just because they're the herd.
The word is Mob.
I don't know. We just did. I guess I was kind of scared going against the gain. Against the whole town.
How could you?
EVERYONE JUST KIND OF LOOKED THE OTHER WAY.
And the police did nothing?
They were proving to her they weren't. They were very drunk. Things were different back then. You think kids are sexually bottled up today....
People thought these guys had a right to rape her because she called them 'queers'?
They were children of our leading citizens, stars of the football team. And she was  a loner. An angry girl that no one really liked. She'd called them 'queers'.
Why not?
No, I believed her. She was in pretty bad shape. Inside and out. But the boys were never formally charged.
You didn't believe her?
She was raped. At least that's what she claimed.
Attacked how?
Years ago, something horrible happened in this town. When I was still in high school. A girl named Elizabeth Sherman was attacked by four drunken seniors.
I'm not leaving. I want to know why you and dad are so freaked out. Three of my classmates are dead.
What?
Wait.
Don't make me order you.
Whoever tried to kill me was made up to look exactly like this picture of Lisa Sherman, clothes and all. I think that concerns me.
She's nobody you should be concerned with.
Who is she?
I want you to come home with me right now, Jody.
The library. I'll be fine.
Where are you going?
Not that I know of.
No. I think she lived her a long time ago. Like twenty-eight years ago. When dad was eighteen.
I've never heard of her. Maybe something else was on his mind.
No but he got really weird. Like I've never seen him act. REALLY angry and super uptight.
Did he say anything else about her?
That's what he said.
What?
I overheard daddy mentioning her to someone. I he thinks she's the killer.
I don't know. Where did you hear that name.
Yeah. Who is she?
Lisa Sherman?
Have you ever heard of someone named Lisa Sherman?
You can ask me anything.
I need to ask you something.
Yes?
Mom?
Hi princess.
Hi mom.
His mother's an only child.
His mother's side.
On what side of the family?
Yes. He asked me to come over and talk to you.
Kenny's aunt?
I'm Kenny's Aunt Lisa.
Yeah.
Are you Jody?
Yes?
I'm worried about someone.
What?
I got to go.
What are you doing?
I guess so. Luckily we won't have that problem.
There's going to be very few virgins left in school on Monday. It could be really dangerous for them if the killer isn't caught.
What?
Just thinking about something.
You ok?
You're the one who's hand is shaking.
Now don't be nervous.
So are you.
You're so beautiful.
No, you keep one.
You can have both if you want.
They're tasty.
Yeah I was talking about Twinkies the other day and I realized I hadn't had one in years. Then I remembered seeing you with one.
Did you want one?
You got a great mom. I'm lucky to get a zucchini stick.
Hi Sandy.
Hi Mark, Cindy, Ben.
And she didn't?
Dylan's been telling people that Annette gave him a blow job.
Told you to hide it.
Hey! That was a 3k machine.
I'm not leaving it here.
You can't bring it.
No.
Hide your laptop here.
Ok.
There's Jan and Heather. Let's grab them quick before someone else does.
ROD!
Stacy?
Yes. Unfair to me.
Unfair?!
You're being unfair.
Rod!
I'm sorry, but you're not going to die a virgin Rod.
Well I'm trying to be real here and you're mocking me.
I know. I'm kidding you. Chill out.
That wasn't me ...
If sheep don't count.
On our way home, a drunken driver could hit us head on and send us flying through the windshield. Terminate us instantly. We'd never experience what it means to make love.
Yeah. I'm extremely worried about that. It's right up there with global warming.
Aren't you worried you could die a virgin?
What?
Let me just ask you a serious question first.
Maybe you better just drive me home.
Maybe it won't stay in.
But you don't really mean it.
I said no.
INT. TUNNEL - DAY.
Come on, Night Shift.
INT. GOMEZ'S HELICOPTER - DAY.
...if we don't get out of this tunnel!
...that is going to explode...
Let me put it in easy terms, Aristotle. We are carrying a damn bomb...
INT. POSTAL VAN - DAY.
It's a damn postal truck!
INT. BRYNNER'S VAN - DAY.
Shit!
EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY.

INT. ANDY'S ICE CREAM FACTORY/ANDY'S OFFICE - DAY.

INT. ANDY'S ICE CREAM FACTORY/STAIRWELL - DAY.
Damn.
EXT. ICE CREAM TRUCK - DAY.
Unbe-fucking-lievable.
EXT. ROAD - DAY.
 Oh, shit.
EXT. ROAD - DAY.
...shit.
 Oh...
INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK/CAB - DAWN.

INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK/CAB - DAWN.
help me get in the truck. 
EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT.


INT. DARLENE'S STORE - NIGHT.
At least somebody likes this shit.
Okay, okay.
What, do you work for my boss, dog?
That's right.
 big balls.
 you see, that was a-that was my mission.
Yeah.
Uh, he handled rackets, and I carried the balls.

My code name was Blackjack.  Night Shift was my coach.  Uh-Uh-Uh, I'm sorry. Mason was my coach.
Yeah.
I was undercover as a tennis player.
Yeah.
It all started with our mission in Istanbul.
Yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, it's, uh-it's very hush-hush, as we say in the spy game.
Ooh.
I feel faint.
Oh, oh!
Oh!
Arlo, nobody's gonna believe us.
Bullshit, yeah.  Well...if we're not gonna be famous, at least this'll be a great story to tell some ladies in a bar or somethin'.
That's bullshit.
No.
But he didn't.  See, that's negotiation.
...us.
Look.  That's negotiating? He threatened to kill...
...-tiatin'.
I was not in the man's face.  I was nego-...
...face" crap you've been telling me?
What about all that "no need to get in the man's...
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
 Yeah.
I think so too.
Patriotism is its own reward.
I'll handle this from here, sweet   Owes us a little restitution.
Us.  Owes us.
...I feel that my government owes me a little restitution.
...and-and-and truckless in the service of my country...
Right.  You damn skippy.  And now that I am both jobless...
You.
Hello.
You, Arlo.
...that Army nut job to save your narrow butt?
Who put the big hurt on...
Who had to put a gun to your head?
...truck that kept Elvis cool?
Who drove the ice cream...
You did help a little.
Always the negative...
Excuse me.  I got a bullet in my leg.
Stop limpin' around like that.

Hey-Hey-Hey-Hey-Hey.  We are heroes, my man.  It's time to start actin' like it.
They aren't exactly gonna publicize this,  Arlo. 
We're the shit.  Bigtime.

You know, we saved half a million people from a full-body peel.

 Well.
Elvis is still in there!  It's gonna go off!





Why'd you stay behind?!
What'd you come back for?!
Look out.


Okay.  Come on, big guy!
They'll meet you at the top.
Arlo, I'm gonna get Elvis.  You go.
Got it?   Come on, darlin'.  I gotcha.
Go.
Let's go!
Hang on, hang on.

Sorry.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hold this. 
...another way  outta here.    Hey.
 There's gotta be...
Well, hell, the smoke's gonna kill us anyway!
Can we get out on your end of the tunnel?

 Vitelli! Vitelli!
...-ta get outta here!
We got-...



It's working.
What?
 
What?
 
Come on.  Come on.

Oh.

All right 


It's melting, man.
What?
Mason.
 It says forty- nine.
Forty-nine point four.
 What's it say? 
Shoot me. 
 
Unbe-fucking-lievable.
I'm gonna kill him.
Stupid.
You've gotta be...
What the--?
What the hell?
What do you think I'm doin'?!
Forty-seven.  You'd better floor it.
Whoo!
Whoo!
Tunnel.
...tunnel!
...here comes the...
Okay...
He's comin' up fast!
...our ass!
And Brynner's right on...
...they come!
Here...
We've got Elvis!
  I've got the real thing!
We!
Okay.
Oh, shit.
Forty-five seven!
Oh, fuck!
Okay.  Okay.
...-ful?!
Aw, shit.  Would you be more care-...

...on!
Hang...

Stop.

Go!
Sometimes the prey bites back.
You got Elvis?!
What?
...to him. 
 That's why I didn't give it...
...-natic.

You just can't leave that stuff with that lu-...

Go, go, go! 
Come here.

Okay, here we go.
Come on, come on!

Okay. 


 I'm sorry.  I'm a little 

Arlo!

Okay. 

 All right.  Okay.
Okay. 

Okay.  All right, man.  Okay.

 Okay.
Yeah.
 Okay.
Oh.
 Come on!

Reach into my pocket.
Arlo!  Arlo.
We're gonna die, and you want me to do some freaky shit like that?!

What?
Put your hand in my pants.

Hey, hey, hey.
We're gonna die!
We're gonna die!

Arlo, shut up.
We're gonna die!
Hey, just shut up.

They're movin'.
Huh?
They're takin' off.
Hey!

Listen, Arlo.
No. 
Are you all right?


Ow!  

Bullshit.  You would've killed us anyway.
You all right?

Bring him down!
 
Yeah, I know, I know.
...man.
A-And you  owe me...
...or my conscience.
 ...squirm, I don't want his brains all over my shirt...
Even though it is nice to see Andy...
...deal with this asshole.
I think you oughta cut a...
Yeah.
Hey.   Mason.
All right, all right.  Hey, hey.
Yeah, baby!
 Whoo!
That is loud!  I'm 

Like I said, I got a pretty good idea of what's at stake here.

...miles.
Split?  I wouldn't get ten...
...split.
Well, all the same.  If we get to Missoula, help me find a car.  I'd appreciate it.  Then...you can...
...shit.
...Long.  Somethin' about that look in his eye when he talked about that Elvis...
...-er.  It was your friend...
...loaded, I didn't buy you as a shoot- ...
I mean, if that gun was...
Not completely, anyway.
To tell you the truth, you didn't.
...shit.
...for whatever it's worth, I'm sorry I dragged you into this...
Listen, Arlo...

We got two paddles.
Well, shit.  Could be worse.  I mean, we're both up shit's creek, but at least we have a paddle.
Anyway, about ten months ago, I wound up in Jerome, workin' for Darlene.
And  things sort of just went downhill from there.
Couldn't deal with it.  So I split.
Never gonna throw a ball in the pros.
...hospital.
And I put the car into a ditch.  He spent eighteen weeks in the...
We were celebrating right after the draft, going from bar to bar.  I was drivin'.
I remember him.  Got in a car crash or somethin'.
Yeah, Robert Del Rio.
Robert Del Rio?
Started every game my senior year.  Not all-American or anything, but not bad. Anyway, the real star was my best friend, the quarterback.  Got taken in the first round.
How wonderful for you.
We were nationally  ranked.
You know, four years ago, I was a split end at Kentucky State.
You know.
 Yeah.
So I took his truck, yeah.
...truck.
So you took his...
Nobody's lookin' out for my interests.  My credit was fucked!  And then when he promoted Sam over me, I just snapped.  So I split.
...overdrawn bank accounts.
...just ready to just slide him right in there.  And what about me, huh?  What about Arlo, huh?  What about my needs? You know, I got a-I got student loans...
...or nephew or some good old boy...
...there'd be a sales rep desk with my name on it.  But every time something opened up, there'd be some idiot cousin...
And he swore, he swore once I got a degree...
I deserve a lot more than that truck! Ten years, ten years I busted my ass for that fat rat bastard.
You know what I'm sayin'?
It won't even start half the time.
...piece of shit was worth.
Hey, I told you I did not steal that truck.  Andy owes me a lot more than that four-wheeled...
...stole the truck.
Hey, I didn't steal the truck.  You...
...-tion?
See, now why would you do that to a man in my posi-...
You're fucked, man.
...did you?
Hey, you didn't happen to lock the truck up when you got out...

Worth a try.
Okay.
This river's fed by a glacier.  Willing to bet my life that it's a good deal under fifty degrees.
This thing just went up a degree.  Ice cream's not workin'.
What?
Uh-oh.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!




 All right.  Hey.



Oh, no!
Oh, no!
No!
Oh, shit!


Okay.  Okay.
Keep still.


Oh, shit.
Come on!
What?
I don't want you to come anyway. 
Oh, shit.  Okay.  Come on.
...here!
Then stay...
You're not dangerous!  You're crazy!  I ain't gettin' in this damn thing!

You're--?  What?!
Taking it down the hill.

I'm crazy?
He's crazy!
...man!
Yeah, he's a dangerous...
I'm a dangerous man!
...you're dealin' with!
...to him!  You don't know who...
 Listen!  Listen...
Hey, put it back!  We're takin' off.

Okay.  All right.  Okay. 

All right, let's go.

 Aw, shit  
...yeah.
Yeah...
These'll keep it cold.
 Okay.  Okay. 
Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.

Oh, shit.  It's okay.  Okay. 
 Oh, shit.  Oh, shit. 
Come on.
No.  Shit.

Oh, Pete.  Oh, shit!  Oh, shit!


 Go, go.
 Go on.
 Shit. 



Hey!
Hang on!
 

 ...shit!
...ho!
 Oh...
Ho, ho...

Shut up!
 Gee, you think so?
 Okay.  That didn't work.
Holy--!
Gee, you think so?
Shit.  You gotta pass him. 
What the fuck was that?!
You okay?
What are you talkin' about?!  I'm the one drivin'!
 I made it.
I made it!
Whoo!
Whoo!
All right, you got it, you got it!
...you crazy bastard.
Come on...
Come on.
Come on.

...Pete.  Come on.
Come on, old...
...wanna give it a try!
...Night Shift, but you might...
...-hood of you knowin' any prayers is slim...
I know the likeli-...
Come on, old Pete.  Oh.
...Pete!  Come on.
Oh, shit.  Come on, old...
Come on.
Get over!  Get over!
Left, left, left!
...easy, easy, easy.
 Oh...
I'm goin'.  I'm goin', baby.  I'm goin', I'm goin'.
God, man!
Come on, old Pete.
Come on!
Come on, old Pete.
Oh, shit.
Go, go, go, go, go.  Oh, shit.
Hey, hey!  Whoo!  Okay.
 I should've had that dog bite me.  I would've gotten rabies! Could've went to the hospital, had a pretty nurse!
Oh, Petey.  Oh, Petey.  Oh, please, Pete.  Please don't do this to me.  Okay.
Goddamn!

Okay. 
 Okay.
Oh, shit.


That's right.  Now,  move!
Oh, shit.
...do we?
I don't think we have much of a choice...
Your weedkiller on steroids goes down with us!  Everybody  dies!

Hey, and what if we  don't make it?!
Eight and a half feet wide!  Weighs over five tons!
You think we can make what?!  You see that truck?!
...we can make it.
I think...
You can just bend over and kiss your crazy ass goodbye, buddy! 
...Shift.
  Oh, we're screwed, Night...
Oh, shit.

Fuck! 
All right, you got it.
...is, old Pete!  Come on, baby!
...Pete!  Come on!  There it...
Come on, old...

...up!
Back up!  Back...
Oh, shit.
...man!
Holy shit...
Oh!


Hey!  Hey!  Andy's Ice Cream.
You  snatch that  phone  from me one more time, I'm--
...waiting!
Well, then, that means it's call...
Shut up, shut up!  It's beeping.
...truck!
It was owed to me.  You stole the damn...
 
I did not steal the truck.
...you stole the truck to uphold your principles, right?
...let live.
 Yeah...
...I believe in live and...
And I'm a peaceful man, and...
You wanna hit me?
...you.
Every time I look at you, I wanna hit...
Hi--!  The gun was empty!
...-er!
...-cho and a hijack-...
...reconsider that statement there, Night Shift.  You're psy-...
Hey, take a look at your situation and...
...I'm not the psycho.
 No...
Probably because they know a psycho when they hear one.

Kiss my ass!
I was thankin' you, asshole!
...gun?!
Don't gimme that "nice job" shit, man! They still got a vanload comin', and what do you got besides an empty...

 Nice job back there.
Okay.
    Elvis is on ice again.

Okay!  All right!
All right.
Get him to stand up, Night Shift.
Oh...




Oh, shit.
You mean to tell me you hijacked me with an empty gun?!
...-ed.
...work!  It's not even load-...
Doesn't...
What?
Doesn't work.
Take your gun!

Shut up.
You're nuts, goin' back there!




Okay. 
No, no, no, no, no.  Keep goin'.
Ah, one of them's in the back.
Okay, okay! 
...-damn!
God-...
 
Fine. 
We can't push old Pete in this heat.  He can't take it.
Hey.

 Shut up.
I ain't playin' that.
...fine.
That's...
I'm about to get in your ass like last year's underwear, man.
Look, I don't give a shit if you go through Missoula at a hundred miles an hour.  We're goin' to McGruder.
I didn't steal the truck! He owed it to me!  Anyway, the important thing is I'm not goin' through Missoula!
...the ice cream for money!
...what all the bullshit about the cash was, wasn't it?!  You stole this truck, and now you're trying to sell...
You stole this truck! That's...
I did not steal this truck!
You stole this truck!
You stole this truck.
Yeah, borrowed!
Borrowed.
Look...I kinda borrowed the truck from Andy.
Am I missing somethin' here?
I ain't goin' through Missoula!
...-er.
No way.  We're goin' through McGrud-...
To get to McGruder, you have to go through Missoula, and I ain't goin' to Missoula.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.  We gotta go to McGruder!  I go where the truck goes!
...-er.
No, you gotta go to McGrud-...
Billings?  No, no, no, no, no.  We need to go to McGruder.
Suppose you're gonna shoot me because you can't get service on my cell phone.
No cell.
Oh, man.
We're clear.

...town. 
You'd better coast through...

Do you wanna give me a minute?
...excuse me.  Can you fix this?
...-ed.
 Excuse me...
Damn diesel injections are flood-...
...all the time.
It happens to this piece of shit...
What the hell's goin' on?
Damn.
Come on!

Are you kiddin'?
...up.
Shut...
I'm gonna bust a mudhole in your ass. I'm gonna--  Don't tell me to shut-- It's none of your business.  Man, I can talk all I want to.
Come on, get in the truck.
I'm gonna stomp your a--
That dog ain't mean.
That dog was mean before I met him.
What did you do that for?  It makes him mean as a snake.
Yeah, to keep him off my ass.
You gave him ice cream, didn't you?  Come on, let's go.
What the hell is with you, dog?  He's the one with the damn gun.
There we go.  There we go.  Did you keep it safe?  Did you 

Look, put this in the back.  Keep it safe.
Would you hurry up, please?
Go on.
You are not takin' my truck!
I need your truck!
...doing?!
Hey, you're gonna piss me--  What the hell are you supposed to be...
All right, then how about this?
No.
I'll rent the truck from you.  You can stay here, you can go.  Whatever you want.
I got fifty bucks.  I'll get more.
I got, uh....
I got, like, uh....
You want cash?
You want cash?
Wait, wait, wait.  Hold up.  Hold up.  Look.

All right.
Peace.
...is as dangerous as you seem to think it is, I'm gettin' my ass as far away from you and it as possible. 
And if that Elvis shit...
Look...I got two tons of the world's nastiest ice cream sittin' in a truck that should've been retired ten years ago.  That shit will be worthless by noon.
...-er.
Then you drive me to McGrud-...
...truck.
You are seriously mistaken if you think you are going anywhere in my...
I need your help.
...-o of all, wantin' to be a part of this wacko shit!
...think he was a wacko.  And I think that G.I. ninja's a bigger wacko.  And I think you're the biggest wack-...
Hey, listen!  Do you know what I think?  I...
For cryin' out loud.
Yeah, I believe him.  He was my friend.
...ya?
Wait, wait.  You don't believe the dead guy, do...
...-tana.
Look, if I don't get this stuff to McGruder, it's goodbye, Andy's Ice Cream, goodbye, Jerome, goodbye, Mon-...
...and a shitload of ice.
No, no, no.  You don't need my truck. You need somebody else's truck...

I need your truck.
Dude in uniform get in your face, you do not shoot your mouth off.
What did I say?
 No.
Sorry, man.  He's dead.
Hang on.  Hang on.
Aw!  Oh, Jesus.
No, no, no, no, no, no. Wait.
Why don't I--?
Oh.
Well, Darlene usually gives me a signed check for emergencies.  I could always give you that.
Huh?
That'll make up the difference, huh?
...for Andy, I'll tell him I lost a few cartons comin' over  the mountain.
...off.  Say, uh, three seventy-five. Seein' that we both have so much love...
Bein' that it's cash, I'm gonna give you ten percent...
...two things Andy is not.  Uh, but I tell you what.
...and fair...
He could've.  That-That's true.  But that would've been smart...
He could've called first.
Except for the fact that I need cash.
Uh, huh?
Hey, you and I are seein' eye to eye on a whole range of issues this mornin'. 
...moron.
Andy.  Another fuckin'...
Well, he told me to collect cash.

Yeah, well, Darlene didn't say anything about it to me, so tell Andy to bill her like usual and let them sort it out. Move.

Since today.  New policy.
...Darlene pay you in cash?
Since when does...
Uh, between this month and last month, you owe four hundred and seventeen dollars.  And we need that in cash.
Look, you need me to sign an invoice or somethin'?
Hey, I'm with you on that one, my man. Prick.
The guy's a fuckin' moron.
No argument there.
That's my business.
Art.
Great. 
Freezer in the back.
Where do you want this stuff?
Sam?  Andy gave Sam a nice big desk to park his fat ass behind.
Where's Sam?
...-ty.
...yeah.  Tryin' to get most of my day done before it hits nine-...
Oh...
A little early for a delivery.


Hey!
Vaughn.
...such is the price...of patriotism.
But...
And it won't be pleasant. 



Three seconds.  One...
Funny situation, ain't it, Andy?
Well, well, well.
...without compunction.
This country trained me to kill...
I urge you to be persuasive.
Oh, my God.
Your move.  Okay, Vaughn, you drive.
I don't ever wanna see another ice cream...
 Just give me Elvis and I'll make sure you have enough money for a dozen ice cream trucks.
...frozen!  So if you don't mind--!
I got three thousand dollars of highly perishable ice cream products that taste bad enough when it's...
Listen, shithead!

Don't be tedious, waiter.  Dr. Long called it Elvis.
What'd he say?
It's for you.
...within five minutes.
Give it to me now, or you'll be dead...
I'll keep an eye out.
...about him.
We're worried...
To tell you the truth, we're looking for a scientist who's gone missing from the Tech Center.  Maybe you know him. Richard Long.

That was quick.
Be cool.  Be--
Hey, be cool.
Hey.
 Look, I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you.  Whatever you want.  Please!
...help you?
Why don't you get that tub of shit Sam to...
I ain't got time to argue with you today, Andy.  But I can tell you this.  Takin' your truck pissed you off?
...Arlo, and you screwed me for it. Now, where's my goddamn truck?
I did what I could for you...
It's, uh, parked just off of Highway Thirty-Five.
So...where's my truck?
Well, that just about figures for today.
  Hey, actually...
 ...have it.  You have to...have to get it to M...to McGruder.
You-You can't let him...
...about the man who did this, he's-he's comin' after it.

...here.   Mason... 
 ...-onds...with just a fraction of what's in...
 Eighteen men were k- killed in sec-...
I had no idea how powerful it was.
So you called the damned thing Elvis
We do need your truck.
...take my sorry old truck.
Wait.  This town is full of trucks.  Nice new trucks.  You don't need to go...
 ...to Fort McGruder in his truck. 
Mason, you have to take this...
Yeah, that's my truck.
Bullshit.  Put the phone down, Mason.
...the guy the Army guys are lookin' for!
He's the dude...
Listen, deputy.
What the hell's a sage?
Well, why don't they talk to the sage of Jerome here?!
Sure as hell have met a few assholes like that, though.

No, sir.  I've never seen this guy before.
...-lem too?
You got a prob-...
I'd say we're about even.
...including the permanently extreme.
...to take any extreme measures I deem necessary...
In order to protect those secrets, I am authorized to fine you, imprison you...
...-listed personnel with detailed knowledge of classified secrets falling under the National Security Act.
However, you are also non-en-...
Exactly.
...and selfless actions, you did save millions of lives.
We do have to take into consideration that, through your courage...
Us.  Owe us. 
...owe you.
Your country and a lot of innocent people in it...
Thank you.
All right, gentlemen. We're about done here.  Fine job.
Hold it!
...on ice!  We've got Elvis on ice!
We've got it...
 ...Mason.  I can barely hear you.
What?  Say again...


Are you crazy?!  Take the boat?!
Whoo-hoo! 

Whoo-hoo-hoo!  Whoo-hoo-hoo!





If you're right, Lewis, this Mason is one hell of a pro.  He must have a service record and a paper trail some-...
Yes, sir.
No, sir.
Any of them Richard Long?
They were all wearing hardware.
Alert seventy-fifth rangers.  Code Blue. Tell them Elvis has left the building.
Looks like it.  Yes, sir.
Is it--?
Colonel Vitelli.  We got a busted-in cold vault inside.
Forget about him.

Why is it you scientists can create implements of destruction...
So far, ye-yes.
And let me guess.  You failed.
...I began trying to find ways of controlling the effects of the weapon that we tested on Horn Island.
All right.  After they put you away...
Almost quaint.
"Went away."  I like that.
Went away? 
...men every time I've closed my eyes?  But after you went away, I--
Do you think I haven't seen the bodies of those...
...always done, Richard?
What rational man could fit in with the sorts of things our government was doing? The sorts of things you've...
...years of thinking the matter over, I began to see that the whole thing wasn't really my problem.
...you were right, of course.  But after...
Do you remember telling me once that all through my career, I'd never fit in?  Well...
Together, you gave me the opportunity to realize just how very wrong my life had gone.
Mm-hm.
Grateful?
...and the government.
Oh, I'm well aware of what the government did, I assure you.  Actually, I've just come to say how grateful I am to you...
...that.
I know where the  blame belongs.  But I didn't put you in prison, Andrew.  The government did...
...me?  Well, you could've saved yourself the trip.
Is that why you're here?  To blame...
...-ple.
...not at all like a man responsible for the deaths of eighteen peo-...
You look fit...healthy...
You look good, Richard.
No, go--
Is this stool taken?

There's nothing to say, doctor.  Someone had to take the fall, and they still need you, whereas...I've never been anything more than a thorn in their collective side, as you once said.
...about--
...I wish they would've let me say something...
Andrew...
It's too...
Damn you, Long!  My people are out there! Your people are out there!
You'll kill us all!

No!
No!
...destroyer of worlds."
"I am become Death, the...
Let's proceed.
 All right.  One more shot, provided...  we're off the island tonight.
You have my word on that.
...me, if I thought there was any real danger, I-I wouldn't go forward.
Now, I know.  You have moral objections to what we're doing here, but believe...
Now listen to me.
But you have no choice but to follow orders.
...the United States into the kind of country we're supposed to be fighting against.
...sittin' here with our hands in the goddamn cookie jar!  And let me tell you something else.  I didn't join the service to let people like you turn...
...here, and the White House is screaming about chemical weapons,  and we're...
The NSA thinks the UN is onto your work...
If it works, your stock at the Pentagon will go up along with mine.  I don't think I need to mention you could use the help.
Look, this is a scientific experiment, okay?
...-bility.
This isn't some kind of pissing contest, Long.  You may be in charge here, but those men out there are my responsi-...
...-lar.
You know, captain, if you hadn't spent so much of your career questioning your superiors, you might've found yourself with more gold leaf on your col-...
Sweeney tells me you don't have computer confirmation?
I don't work for you, Captain Brynner.
And I changed the schedule.
...to be off the island tonight.
What the hell is all this about a detonation today?  We're scheduled...
...-tor Long.
Doc-...
Tell the choppers we're lifting off!
I'll do it.
And I'm warning you, Leo.  Don't test me. Get your men and your machines off my radar screen in five, or three million people will die.
...here!
Knowing you, Brynner, you've got buyers waiting to buy! You're not gonna use that...
...Destry, Fair Oaks....
...maybe even Salt Lake, not to mention Casper...
Or I may be wrong.  The breeze could be gusting south.  That'd be Billings...
Hm.  The wind's northwest.  That oughta be...Seattle.
...-enworth.  I'll have no compunction at all about using this.
...I lost all my squeamishness at Leav- ...
...-ians.  But I assure you, Leo...
Yeah, I had a small problem with members of our side murdering civil-...
And I don't like deviations from plans, Leo, as I'm sure you re-...
I checked your release date.  I never liked coincidences.
As soon as I heard Elvis was on the loose, you came to mind.
And I certainly can't say it's pleasant.
I can't say it's a surprise.
Pleasant surprise.
Good to see you again, Leo.
Well, Lieutenant Vitelli.
Brynner.
...happen if I drop this?
Do you know what'll...
Nothing has changed, I assure you both. The Army still thinks we got Elvis.  They had a tactical withdrawal.  It's just those two amateurs now.  Do you really want to concede a hundred million dollars to them?
Besides, how are we gonna sell something we don't have?

All right.  Let's clear the mess and move out.
 There's nothing in here, sir.  They got away with it.
Vaughn, Burke, move to the end of the street.  Fan out and work your way back to the motel.
Closin' down, sir.
Get 'em on line, then stall.  Long can't have gotten far.
EXT. MOUNTAINTOP - DAY.

INT. VITELLI'S HELICOPTER - DAY.

INT. POSTAL VAN - DAY.
Hit him again.
INT. POSTAL VAN - DAY
Hit him.
INT. POSTAL VAN - DAY.
Carl, establish contact with that deputy we met earlier.  He'll be more useful now.
INT. BRYNNER'S VAN - DAY.
Carl!  Set up the camera.
EXT. DAM - DAY.
All right.  Tell the pilot we'll be a half-hour.
INT. HELICOPTER - DAY.
Of which we have more than enough.
INT. HARDWARE STORE - DAY.
And so Missoula's prodigal son returns.

INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK/CAB - DAY.
You have no idea what you're in possession of, do you?
INT. BRYNNER'S VAN - DAY. 
Dutiful citizens, you have something which I have waited years for.
INT. BRYNNER'S VAN - DAY.
Radio the bikes.

INT. DARLENE'S STORE - DAY.
Well.  It appears someone's been lying to us.
INT. DARLENE'S STORE - NIGHT.
...comes up that road.
EXT. BRYNNER'S VAN - NIGHT.
Dennis, radio the bikes.  I wanna know if so much as a squirrel...
INT. BRYNNER'S VAN - NIGHT.
 Move.  This is already affecting our schedule.
INT. LONG'S CAR - NIGHT.

INT. U.S. RESEARCH LABORATORY/STORAGE AREA/FREEZER VAULT - NIGHT.
This is it.
INT. U.S. RESEARCH LABORATORY/LONG'S OFFICE - NIGHT.

EXT. FORT LEAVENWORTH - TEN YEARS LATER - DAY.

Stay put.  Keep the camera trained on...
I'm on it.
Sir.
Get 'em in the  middle of the dam.
Having witnessed the effects myself, I can assure you it'll be very useful when the bidding starts.
We're gonna use them for demonstration  footage.
What about these two?
...here!
I wanna patch in from...
Get your links set up!
Dennis!
Move!
Just when we have all the cards, Vaughn.  Take these two behind the van.
Shit.
Prep the launcher now.
You can't fire on them.  You're gonna detonate the crystals.
Vaughn, get the M-seventy-nine ready.
No.  A pair of average citizens have decided to risk their lives for their country.  I almost remember what that feels like.
...-ther orders?
Sir, all potential customers have been informed of the delay.  Fur-...
You have ten percent of a hundred million dollars comin' your way.  I think we can impose on you for a little overtime.
...quick in and out.
This was supposed to be a...
Check the immediate area.
It's clean.
Check it out.
There.
We're in.
Vaughn.
Long went missing from the Tech Center this morning along with a very dangerous...
That's right.
Richard Long.
...general store.
Yeah, he's wanted in connection with a death this morning at the Jerome...
You know the suspect?
Right.  Tim Mason.
...-ty.
...to pursue a man who's stolen government proper-...
We were called in by the Jerome base...
...-mand out of Fort Bragg.
I'm Colonel Brynner, U.S. Special Operations Com-...
Mind if you tell me what's goin' on?
Officer Pappas, I'm glad you're here.
Carl, Dennis, get out of sight.
...in Missoula.  All we need to do is get to Mason before anyone else does.
This river ends at a hydro dam...
They'll get a break tomorrow.
...out here, captain.  Don't you think the guys deserve a break?
It's a hundred degrees...
...gear?
Where's their protective...
You don't think it's that bad, do you, sir?  I mean, Long's spent the last two years developing his defoliant.  The stuff can't even kill crabgrass yet.
...scientists.
Jesus Chri--  We're on a very slippery slope here, Sam.  A covert military operation riddled with civilian...
...noon.
Uh, with all due respect, sir, Dr. Long told me to prep the field for detonation at...
...screwup?
...what, Sam?  Can't I go down to the loading dock for a few hours without coming back to find a major...
 But...
Yes, Captain Brynner, you did, but-but--
...-fall.
Hemmings!  Sam, I thought I told you to close up shop and be ready to move up the island by night-...
They took that life away and left me with nothing.

I would've in another life.
You'd never understand!
Why?  You're a nothing, nobody!  Why?









 ...checked. 
Dead, last time I...
Where's Elvis?!
No.







 
It won't be long, gentlemen.







Him first.
...-spite the mouth.
...and unharmed, de-...
Your fellow hero, untouched...

Bring him up.
Where's Arlo?
...-tainer!
It's a little late for matinee heroics, Mason.  Just give me the con-...
...the river.
You try anything, it goes in...
I don't see my container.
Then meet me at the dam in fifteen minutes.
Yeah, I'm listenin'.
I got someone who's anxious to talk to you, Mr. Mason.
Hello.
Elvis is fuckin' dead, man.  Get yourself some CDs.
And I can't guarantee the end will be quick.
...on this miserable road to nowhere.
Because if you don't give me that cylinder, your lives will end...
...never done a thing for you?
...to die for a country that's...
...and ask a simple question -   Are you actually prepared...
I want you to look at one another...
I don't know what the hell...
...your concern nor your fight.  Relinquish the package and you can go.
Contrary to what Dr. Long may have told you, this is neither...
Yeah?
Like I say, Doc Long's...
...should be right outside.
Odd, then, that his car...

...though.
Not tonight...
...time to time, yeah.
Doc Long.  Yeah, I know him.  Weirdo guy. He comes in from...
...Long.
Doc...
Assumptions are always dangerous.
I assume you have one.
Actually, I was just looking for a restroom.
...look like you're after something more dangerous.
...and a rifle.  You, on the other hand...
Uh, you wanna hunt outta season, it's cool with me.  But mostly, well, they just take a six...
I beg your pardon?
...deer.
Quite a getup for jacking...
...dangerous.
Assumptions are always...
I assume you want that to go.
Iced coffee.
Well, then, how about a cup of coffee, Darlene?
....-lene.
Yeah, they call me Dar-...
Is this your establishment?
Mornin'.
We gotta get help.  Aw, fuck!  Damn.
 ...ready before the morning crowd blows in.  I got it...
...ready before the morning crowd blows in.
 Two pots of coffee...
...like April.  It gives him gas. And make sure there's  two pots of coffee...
And don't give him any ice cream...
Be sure you feed Bosco.
Yeah?
Mm.  It doesn't take a genius.
I can handle it.
...-fore he closes, which means you're gonna have to cover the grill and the floor.
Oh.  Well, I have got to get to the dentist be-...
...-time,  remember?
Darlene, it's five-thirty.  Now, I worked late for you this mornin', and you didn't wanna spring for over-...
...it.
...and then my night man shows up when he feels like...
...-son.  Of all the days for you to show up late.  First, the idiot April calls in sick.  Then I got a bad tooth...
Goddamn it, Ma-...

And you ain't gonna start now.
You know, I have yet to get a simple cup of coffee and a meal in this place, Darlene.

His I know.  Yours I don't have a clue.  But if it wasn't for you, I think he'd have drifted right on through this town.
Ah.
Secrets.
Uh, we both like to fish.
There's something else too.
...somehow. 
...he's smart enough to get you...
...well, most of the time he looks like something the cat might have dragged in, but, you know...
Oh, you're two of a kind, doc.  Oh, he may not have your sheepskins, and...
Oh, no?
Story of my life.  Well, one thing you won't lose is that friend of yours back there, I'll tell you that.
Oh, caught a few, lost a few.
EXT. DAM - DAY.
Kabula's out.
Geneva just pulled the plug.
EXT. DAM - DAY.
Sir, I got Taipei grindin' on me here. How long is this supposed to ta--?
EXT. DAM - DAY.
Go.
Rangers.
INT. DARLENE'S STORE - NIGHT.
It's after five...
INT. U.S. RESEARCH LABORATORY/CORRIDOR - NIGHT.
You got thirty minutes.
Video lock.
INT. TUNNEL - DAY.
...tight!
...we're gonna seal that tunnel!  I want it air-...
Great.  All right...
INT. TUNNEL - DAY.
Major, we've gotta seal that tunnel!  Major!
INT. VITELLI'S HELICOPTER - DAY.
Forty-nine?
INT. VITELLI'S HELICOPTER - DAY. 
No sign of 'em...
INT. POSTAL VAN - DAY.
...now!
Hit it...
Negative.  Negative.
Is Elvis out?
Get ready to take it out!
 ...that tunnel.
Here's what I want you to do.
What's going on, colonel?

All right, let's move...
Gomez, you fight the battles you can win.  Now, we've been outmaneuvered here.  Brynner's next move is gonna be to get Elvis out of the country and sell him to the highest bidder.  To do that, he has to have planned an exit point.  That's where we intercept him.  That's where we make our play.  Now you and your men back off.
Sir, we can't just let him get away with this!
It's not over, Brynner.
He was Major Andrew Bryn-...
Colonel, sir, who the hell is this guy?
After that re-...
And where are you going?

The sooner you get up the lab, the sooner you'll figure it out.
Pappas, that other guy was unloading ice cream into a freezer.  Now, what could he have to do with a military scientist, huh?
Missoula's reporting the refrigerator truck as a stolen vehicle.  I told you Mason was walking shit.
It must've happened right after we left.
Thanks. 
All right.  Enough. Look...
...son.
That little geek is my...
It could be a cover, I suppose.
Mason?  No, he's a soda-jerk drifter, a hamburger flipper.
Run a check.  FBI, Interpol.
...-son.
A man named Tim Ma-...
Who's your suspect?
...-five.
One of our units is pursuing a suspect up the thirty-...
Well, I've got Dr. Long's body down at the coroner's office.
Have you I.D.'d the bodies?
...colonel?
What the hell are you talkin' about...
I will tell you what I...
I don't suppose you'd like to tell me what this is all about.
Uh-huh.
Deputy Art Lewis, Jerome County Sheriff's Department.

Excellent.
...-time. 
...try this one out some-...
Hey, doc.  Might wanna...

There's nothin' goin' on out there, doc...except maybe the occasional fly fisherman.
Couldn't sleep, Pumper.  Is everything, uh, all right tonight?
Morning, doc.  Awful early, aren't ya?
Let me have those.
...that the prey can bite back.
And only then does our noble friend realize...
Tryin' to remember somethin' somebody once told me about tyin' a fly.
Yeah, I just....
Doctor.
...-m-means, Mason.  
 The only one who understands what this me-...
You're the only one I can trust.
Everything will die, Mason.
And what if it does?
Never let it reach fifty degre-degrees.
Cold?  Cold.  How cold?
 ...or it'll ignite. 
The compound has to be kept cold...
 No...
Call an ambulance.

Shit!  Oh, shit. 
Mason.
Doc!

Some people might.
...fishin'.
...-to a simple thing like...
Some people might say you're readin' an awful lot in-...
...is death.
...without caution...
...and that power...
...back...
...forcing him to strike.  And only then does our noble friend realize that the prey...can bite...
...create a piece of bait that sends the fish's instincts into overdrive...
Tie a fly...
Turn the power of the hunter against him.
There's only one way you can do it, Mason.
How can we ever hope to win against the trout?
...the master of his realm.
...sensitivity without neurosis.  He's...
He's brains without ambition...
...is a perfect hunter.
 No, that's not possible, Mason.  The trout... 
...like a fish.
And I'm good at this.  Been doing it since I was a kid.  But you, I don't know.  Somehow you think...
...but you pull twice as many fish out of the water as I do.
Yeah.  Ten months we've been fishin' this river together.  We use the same equipment, more or less...
My secret?
Been trying to figure out your secret.

What?
 ...miles. 
I got eight thousand yards. Radius is five...
Dr.  Long!
We don't have an hour.  We're already supposed to be shut down.
 I don't know.  Um, he's working, but there's a lot of data. Maybe...another hour?
How much longer for the range and power projections?
Well, your prediction was on the nose.
So reaction temperature is fifty degrees.
Well,  Costello's finished with the stability profile, but Abbott is still chewing on the load file.
Mr. Sweeney, how goes it?

Okay, I'll have a chopper meet you at the top.
There's a vent shaft leading straight up.
Yeah.
Mason.  Mason!
God!  They're gonna seal it.
...tunnel!
If you're not out of there soon, I have got to seal the...
Forty-seven.
Mason, what is the temperature of Elvis?!
I'm at mile marker...
...Mason?
Where are you now...
We've got the real thing!
What we gave Brynner on the dam was a phony!
...-son.
What?  Say again, Ma-...
Yeah, yeah...
...you, Mason?
Fol-...
All right, go.
Yeah, I'm sure.
You sure?
 
I'll lead 'em out.
  All right.
Jesus.
The Army, sealin' us in.
What the hell was that?

Don't move!
Just go check the temperature.
...tunnel now!
...we're all gonna die in this...
 Wait.  Listen to me, Pappas.  If you don't let us by...

What happened to Colonel Brynner?
...side!
His name's Vitelli.  Talk to him.  He's right out-...
...on the other end of this phone.
...there's a colonel...
 Listen, Pappas...
Now raise 'em!

...stole a truck under arrest.
Yeah, asshole.  I'm puttin' a murder suspect and a guy who...
...any idea what's goin' on here?!
You redneck idiot, do you have...
I said let me see your hands now!
 Pappas!  Move the car!
...hands!
Let me see your...
Then how about if I call you "ass-...
You know, I gotta tell you.  That really bothers me, somebody calls me "son."
...to talk, son.
Shut your mouth until I tell you...
...beer.
I didn't sell the boy any...
...public drunkenness....
Mason, you wouldn't know the truth if it bit you.  We've got your whole record.  We know about the-the conviction for vagrancy...
Lying? 
That's not the way I...
...seriously.
I don't sell beer to minors.  I take that kinda thing...
...selling this young man beer Wednesday night.
So you don't remember...
Got that?
...you answer mine.
...badge someday, then you can ask the questions.  Until then...
You find yourself wearing a...
...-lem?
Nope.  Is there a prob-...
Do you recognize this young man?
If it was Wednesday night, I was workin'.
...uh, drifting around like the trash you are, or were you here workin'?
So, Mason, last Wednesday night, uh...were you out...
BLACK BACKGROUND.
Oh.
INT. TUNNEL/AIR VENT - DAY.



INT. ANDY'S ICE CREAM FACTORY/ANDY'S OFFICE - DAY. 
Arlo.
INT. BRYNNER'S VAN - DAY. 
 Talk to me.
...-damn phone.
Gimme this god-...
INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK/CAB - DAY. 

INT. ICE CREAM TRUCK/BOX - DAY.




EXT. ICE CREAM TRUCK - DAY.

EXT. DARLENE'S STORE - NIGHT.
Get in 
EXT. U.S. ARMY RESEARCH LABORATORY/GUARD GATE - JEROME - NIGHT.
The usual.  Doc.
Okay, doc.
INT. TUNNEL - DAY.
Now!  Seal that tunnel now!
INT. TUNNEL - DAY.
He must've had a damn arsenal in there.
 There's ammo fire from Brynner's vehicle.
INT. VITELLI'S HELICOPTER - DAY.
Negative.  Negative.
INT. GOMEZ'S HELICOPTER - DAY.
...gotta seal it.
INT. TUNNEL - DAY.
It's too late, Mason. I've...
INT. POSTAL VAN - DAY.
I'll stay here and secure this position.
INT. VITELLI'S HELICOPTER - DAY.
Uh, so head for the other end of the tunnel.
INT. GOMEZ'S HELICOPTER - DAY.
Do it now.
INT. GOMEZ'S HELICOPTER - DAY.
 We've gotta take out Brynner's van before  they reach...
So anyway, he says, 'whyn't you do what the Chinese do?'
An honest living.
'Course you do, Jake.
I don't know how that got in the paper as a matter of fact  it surprised me it was so quick. I make an honest living.
Jake, for Christ's sake.
Look, pal. I make an honest living. People don't come to me unless they're miserable and I help 'em out of a bad situation. I don't kick them out of their homes like you jerks who work in the bank.
Take it easy, Jake.
Barney, who is this bimbo? He a regular customer?
Heat's murder.
Look at that.
The print's pretty fine. I forgot my glasses. I'd like to be able to read across.
A ruler?
Well, then, how about a ruler?
Sir, this is not a lending library, it's the Hall of Records.
Can I check one of these volumes out?
If that's what it says.
But that means that most of the valley's been sold in the last few months.
That's right.
Then these are all new owners?
Land sales out of escrow are always recorded within the week.
How come all these new names are pasted into the plat book?
Row twenty-three, section C.
I'll settle for L.A. County.
Who do you blame for that? Her?
The future, Mr. Gittes. The future. Now where's the girl?... I want the only daughter I have left... as you found out, Evelyn was lost to me a long time ago.
Then why are you doing it? How much better can you eat? What can you buy that you can't already afford?
Oh, my, yes.
I want to know what you're worth. Over ten million?
I have no idea. How much do you want?
How much are you worth?
Just incorporate the Valley into the city so the water goes to L.A. after all. It's very simple.
How do you do that?
That's all taken care of. You see, Mr. Gittes. Either you bring the water to L.A. or you bring L.A. to the water.
There's going to be some irate citizens when they find out they're paying for water they're not getting.
No, Mr. Gittes. That's what I am doing with the Valley. The bond issue passes Tuesday. There'll be ten million to build an aqueduct and reservoir. I'm doing it.
And that's what you were going to do in the Valley?
That's where life begins... marshes, sloughs, tide-pools... he was fascinated by them...  you know when we first came out here he figured that if you dumped water onto desert sand it would percolate down into the bedrock and stay there, instead of evaporating the way it does in most reservoirs. You'd lose only twenty percent instead of seventy or eighty. He made this city.
Haven't the faintest idea.
Hollie was always fond of tide-pools. You know what he used to say about them?
...the coroner's report showed Mulwray had salt water in his lungs.
That you killed Hollis Mulwray.
What does this mean?
Yes... I think I can manage...
An obituary column... can you read in this light?
What is it?
I'd like you to look at something, Mr. Cross.
With her mother.
Where is she?
She's fine.
Is she all right?
I've got her.
Well, you don't look any the worse for wear, Mr. Gittes, I must say... where's the girl?...
We'll be in touch, Mr. Cross.
Avocado groves?
I'll look into it as soon as I check out some avocado groves.
Just find the girl.
Okay. My secretary'll send you a letter of agreement. Tell me are you worried about that girl, or what Evelyn might do to her?
I've still got a few teeth in my head, Mr. Gittes, and a few friends in town.
How did you find out?
Well... she's an extremely jealous person. I didn't want her to find out about the girl.
If you want to hire me, I still have to know what you and Mulwray were arguing about.
Hollis Mulwray made this city and he made me a fortune... We were a lot closer than Evelyn realized.
I didn't realize you and Hollis were so fond of each other.
Just find the girl, Mr. Gittes. I think she is frightened and I happen to know Hollis was fond of her. I'd like to help her if I can.
What about her?
My daughter.
I've got the photographs in my office. If they'll help you remember. What was the argument about?
Well, It was about five days ago. You were outside the Pig 'n Whistle and you had one hell of an argument.
At my age, you tend to lose track...
Yeah. Do you remember the last time you talked to Mulwray?
Sheriff's gold posse... bunch of damn fools who pay $5,000 apiece to the sheriff's reelection. I let 'em practice up out here.
When was the last time?
No.
You didn't see Mulwray much, did you?
If Mulwray was murdered, she was probably one of the last people to see him.
Maybe.
Wouldn't it be useful to talk to her?
No. She's probably scared to death.
Doesn't that strike you as odd?
Yeah.
Yes. She's disappeared, hasn't she?
You mean the little chippie he was with at the El Macando?
Yes, his girlfriend.
His girlfriend?
'Course I'm respectable. I'm old. Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough. I'll double whatever your fees are and I'll pay you ten thousand dollars if you can find Hollis' girlfriend.
Mainly that you're rich and too respectable to want your name in the papers.
...Exactly what do you know about me, Mr. Gittes?
Was he right?
It's what the D.A. used to tell me about Chinatown.
Why is that funny?
You may think you know what you're dealing with, but believe me, you don't.
What for?
Mr. Gittes!  You're dealing with a disturbed woman who's lost her husband. I don't want her taken advantage of. Sit down.
If you want an answer to that question I can always put one of my men on the job. Good afternoon, Mr. Cross.
Are you sleeping with her? Come, come, Mr. Gittes. You don't have to think about that to remember, do you?
My usual fee, plus a bonus if I come up with any results.
It disturbs me, Mr. Gittes. It makes me think you're taking my daughter for a ride. Financially speaking, of course. How much are you charging her?
Too bad?
That's too bad.
None.
Of course, but you've got no reason to think he's bungled the case?
Far as it goes. Of course he has to swim in the same water we all do.
Honest?
Very.
Would you call him a capable man?
We worked in Chinatown together.
Where from?
Oh yes.
Do you know him?
Lou Escobar  he's a Lieutenant.
Who's the investigating officer?
They're calling it an accident.
Tell me. What do the police say?
Fine, as long as you don't serve chicken that way.
I think I gave it to her.
How did she get that idea?
No. She happens to think the last one was murdered.
But I'm surprised you're still working for her, unless she's suddenly come up with another husband.
Probably.
It's why you attract a client like my daughter.
It doesn't hurt.
If you were a bank president that would be one thing, but in your business it's admirable. And it's good advertising.
Thanks.
You know, you've got a nasty reputation, Mr. Gittes. I like that.
What?  Oh, damn near yes. Unless the animal's sick or something.  And the steam rising off it like that in the morning. That's life, Mr. Gittes. Life.
Always?
Yes, sir, that's what it looks like. I'll give you that.
I said horseshit.  Horseshit.
Sir?
Just bring your checkbook.
What are you talking about?
Either that or she'll be in jail.
Two hours... tell me, will Evelyn be there as well?
At your daughter's house. How soon can you get here?
Of course I do. Where are you?
Do you remember the figures we discussed?
You've got her? Where?
Have you got your checkbook handy, Mr. Cross? I've got the girl.
Hello.
Curly, you know how long I been in business.
You sure this is okay?
Tell Mrs. Mulwray to wait for half an hour after you get there. Then if I don't show, take her down to the boat.
Okay, you got yourself a boat.
I'll throw that in too.
Plus what I owe you?
I might be able to squeeze an extra seventy-five bucks out of it for you. Maybe an even hundred.
I don't know...
Forget it. How would you like to pay me off by taking a couple of passengers to Ensenada... you'd have to leave tonight.
Oh, gee, Mr. Gittes we're going out tomorrow. I know you been real good about it but my cousin Auggie's sick.
How much do you owe me, Curly?
Tell her later.
I'll just tell my wife.
Right now, Curly. It can't wait.
Sure, as soon as we eat.
Could you drive me somewhere?
Off the alley.
Where's that?
In the garage.
Curly, where's your car?
Sure thing.
How about a glass of wine? Honey, this is...
No thanks.
Just sitting down to supper, Jake. Care to join us?
Call me Jake. How is everything?
Gee, this is a surprise, Mr. Gittes.
Call me Jake. Careful driving home, Curly.
Thanks, Mr. Gittes.
What kind of guy do you think I am?
Forget it. I only mention it to illustrate a point...
I'll pay the rest next trip. We only caught sixty ton of skipjack around San Benedict. We hit a chubasco, they don't pay you for skipjack the way they do for tuna or albacore.
You bet your ass you don't. You can't even pay me off.
...No...
Not for your wife. That's the unwritten law.
Oh they don't?
They don't kill a guy for that.
I think I'll kill her.
What's that, Curly?
Thanks. You know something, Jake?
Thanks, Curly. Call me Jake.
You know, you're okay, Mr. Gittes. I know it's your job, but you're okay.
You're absolutely right, I wouldn't give her another thought.
Ain't worth thinking about.
What can I tell you, Kid? You're right. When you're right, you're right, and you're right.
She's just no good.
Sue the shit out of 'em.
Then what'll you do?
Yeah, yeah. If she'd come in here saying she was Shirley Temple you'd say okay to that, too.
I said okay, Jake.
That's a filthy habit.
Okay.
There's seven ashtrays in this room, Duffy.
Shut up, Duffy, you're always in a hurry and his friend says why not do what the Chinese do? So he says what do they do? His friend says the Chinese they screw for a while. Just listen a second, Duffy...
Jake, listen.
So there's this fella who's tired of screwing his wife.
But what?
Give us things. Not just some old flag like this, but -
How do they do that?
No. The albacore. It's a fish. My grandson's a member and they take very nice care of us.
The apple core?
The apple core club.
Where did you get this material?
Thank you...
That's just lovely.
Not anymore. Oh, some time ago, my late husband owned a good deal of beach property in Long Beach, but we lost it.
Well you own a lot of land.
I'm not.
Did you know that you're a very wealthy woman?
Why?
I've been wanting to meet you.
Yes.
Jake, you're very disturbed. You're crazy. That's her father.
Get him away from her. He's responsible for everything. Get him away from her!
An accident?
Take it easy, take it easy, it was an accident.
Who is he, get his name? I'll kill him.
Gittes, stay outta this.
Lou, she will kill you. Let her go for now. You don't know.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Mulwray.
Let her go. She didn't kill anybody.
Mrs. Mulwray, it's a very serious offense pointing that at an officer of the law. It's a felony.
Oh, Christ. Escobar, you don't know what's going on. Let her go. I'll explain it later.
Mrs. Mulwray, you don't want to run around like that.
Gee, thanks, Lou.
Give you three minutes.
I guess not.
You never learn, do you, Gittes?
Do me a favor, will you, Lou?
Well, let's go.
Yeah.
That's it?
Tell us about it on the way to Pedro.
Gee, Lou, I'm doing the best I can.
If she's not there, you're going downtown, and you're staying there til she shows up.
What for?
No, Gittes, you'll show us.
She lives in Pedro. I'll write it down for you.
What's the maid's address?
Her maid's house. I think she knows something's up.
Where?
Matter of fact I do.
I don't suppose you got any idea Where she went?
Shut up.  Go on.
I know what he says.
They only dump the water at night.
Too late for what?
It's too late.
C'mon I'll show you.
What are you talking about?
He found out somebody was dumping water there. That's what they were trying to cover up by moving him.
And why's that?
Mulwray was murdered and moved because somebody didn't want his body found in the ocean.
Why do you think Mulwray's body was moved you dimwit? Evelyn Mulwray knocked off her husband in the ocean and thought it would look like more of an accident if she hauled him up to the Oak Pass Reservoir?
I want those photographs, Gittes. We're talking about accessory after the fact, conspiracy, and extortion. Minimum.
Well, I hope she wasn't too much of a disappointment to you, Lou.
Yeah, I once knew a whore who for enough money would piss in a customer's face, but she'd never shit on his chest. That's where she drew the line.
I don't think I need a day or two. You're even dumber than you think I think you are. Not only that, I'd never extort a nickel out of my worst enemy, that's where I draw the line, Escobar.
Absolutely.
You accusing me of extortion?
You were following him night and day. You saw who killed him. You even took pictures of it. It was Evelyn Mulwray. She's been paying you off like a slot machine ever since her husband died.
C'mon, you think you're dealing with a bunch of assholes? Mulwray had salt water in his goddam lungs! Now how did he get that... in a fresh water reservoir?
I heard it was an accident.
Yeah. Somebody wanted to shake down Mulwray, she hired you, and that's how you happen to know Mulwray was murdered.
Yeah?
This broad hired you, Gittes, not Evelyn Mulwray.
What pictures?
I want the rest of the pictures.
I don't think about it one way or the other. But if you want, give me a day or two, and I'll get back to you. Now I'd like to go home.
You really think I'm stupid, don't you, Gittes?
How did she...  ...happen to have them?
Yeah, I took 'em. So what?
Just to be on the safe side, we had Loach here give you a ring.
Is it? I forget. I don't call myself that often.
Isn't that your number?
Let me show you something.
I don't.
How do you happen to know her?
Didn't you call?
What are you doing here?
When I do, you'll hear about it.
Oh yeah? Can you think of something to charge me with?
No, he drowned a cousin of mine with about five hundred other people. But they weren't very important, just a bunch of dumb Mexicans living by a dam. Now beat it, Gittes, you don't come out of this smelling like a rose, you know.
You mean that's what you're going to call it.
No. It was an accident.
No?
I don't want it anymore.
No.
Or her name?
No.
You wouldn't happen to know the present whereabouts of the young woman.
You're welcome to try. There he is.
I'd like to talk to him.
Oh yes.
Hollis Mulwray. You seen him?
Who?
Looking for someone.
Uh-huh. So what are you doing here?
Congratulations.
Since I made Lieutenant.
Since when?
You're behind the times, Jake. They've got steam irons now.  And I'm out of Chinatown.
Well, sometimes it takes a while for a man to find himself and I guess you have.
I get by.
You've done well by yourself.
Well, to tell you the truth, I lied a little.
How'd you get past the guards?
Thanks, Lou.
Yeah, they are.
Summer colds are the worst.
I have a cold I can't seem to shake but other than that, I'm fine.
How are you, Lou?
Hello, Jake.
I don't think so, Mrs. Mulwray. Of course you have my deepest sympathy and if we need anymore information, we'll be in touch.
Will you need me for anything else, Lieutenant?
Well yes.
Mr. Gittes.
A private investigator?
But I thought you'd hired a private investigator.
Yes.
A complete surprise?
He... we did... he wouldn't tell me her name.  We quarreled over her... of course. It came as a complete surprise to me.
You and your husband never discussed her?
Certainly not!
Do you know where she might be?
No.
Mrs. Mulwray, do you happen to know the name of the young woman in question?
No.
But there is no possibility he would have taken his own life?
...Well, it didn't make him happy...
Obviously the fall must have knocked him out.
Of course.
It looks like he was washed the entire length of the runoff channel. Could he swim?
Sure, but I'd like to handle it.
I'm all right.
Let me handle that.
He didn't wear bifocals.
How do you know?
Okay...
On his day off. Get the exact address.
With us.
...where does Kyo live?
Where can we go?
I'll take care of it.
I have to go home and get my things.
That's worse... Just get out of here. Walk out, leave everything.
How about a plane?
You can't go by train. Escobar'll be looking for you everywhere.
Back to Mexico.
Yeah... where are you taking her now?
...so that's why you hate him...
Hollis came and took... care of me... after she was born... he said... he took care of her... I couldn't see her... I wanted to but I couldn't... I just want to see her once in a while... take care of her... that's all...  but I don't want her to know... I don't want her to know...
To Mexico...
...he had a breakdown... the dam broke... my mother died... he became a little boy... I was fifteen... he'd ask me what to eat for breakfast, what clothes to wear!... It happened... then I ran away...
She's my sister and my daughter!
I said I want the truth.
She's my sister.
I said the truth!
She's my daughter.
Katherine?... Katherine who?
Katherine.
That's good. Now what's her name?
Who is she? And don't give me that crap about it being your sister. You don't have a sister.
...no...
Stop it!  I'll make it easy. You were jealous, you fought, he fell, hit his head. It was an accident, but his girl is a witness. You've had to pay her off. You don't have the stomach to harm her, but you've got the money to shut her up. Yes or no?
I don't know what you're talking about. This is the most insane... the craziest thing I ever...
There's no time for you to be shocked by the truth, Mrs. Mulwray. The coroner's report proves he was killed in salt water. Just take my word for it. Now I want to know how it happened and why. I want to know before Escobar gets here because I want to hang onto my license.
What are you saying?
Yes positively. That's where he was drowned...
I don't know. I mean yes, probably.
I found these in your backyard... in your fish pond. They belonged to your husband, didn't they?... didn't they?
What the hell is this all about?
Don't worry. I can recommend a couple. They're expensive but you can afford it.
No...
You know any good criminal lawyers?
What did you do that for?
You're going to miss your train!  Lou, meet me at 1412 Adelaide. It's above Santa Monica Canyon... yeah, soon as you can.
What are you doing? What's wrong? I told you we've got a 4:30.
J. J. Gittes for Lieutenant Escobar
Yes, we've got a 4:30 train to catch. Why?
Going somewhere?
...she's having a bath now... why do you want to see her?
I want to see her.
Upstairs. Why?
Where's the girl?
Did you have lunch? Kyo will fix you something.
Sure.
Did you get some sleep?
...That's not what I meant.
Don't worry. I'm not telling anybody about this.
Aren't you coming back with me?
I took your husband's Buick...  I'll return it tomorrow.
Because of Hollis? Because she was seeing your husband? Was that it? Jesus Christ, say something. Was that it?
I can't...
I will if you don't.
You won't go to the police if I tell you?
Just tell me the truth. I'm not the police. I don't care what you've done. I'm not going to hurt you, but one way or another I'm going to know.
You're insane.
Like she knows about Hollis' death. Like she knows more than you want her to tell.
What does it look like?
That's not what it looks like, Mrs. Mulwray.
Yes.
You mean she just found out?
Hollis' death. I tried to keep it from her, I didn't want her upset before I could make plans for her to leave.
What about?
She's too upset.
Then let's go talk to her.
I am not!
You know what I mean. You're keeping her there against her will.
She's not tied up!
C'mon, Mrs. Mulwray. You've got your husband's girlfriend tied up in there!
The police?
It's either that or you drive to the police yourself.
You bastard.
Okay, give me the keys.
It's possible. Please don't ask me any more questions now. Just wait, wait for me. I'll be back. I need you here.
Including the death of your husband?
It's possible.
That's what your father said. You're telling me he's in back of this whole thing?
You may think you know what's going on, but you don't.
Give me an example.
I want you to listen to me. My father is a very dangerous man. You don't know how dangerous. You don't know how crazy.
Mulwray's girlfriend, for one thing. He wanted to know where she was.
Do? To who?
That you were jealous, and he was worried about what you might do.
What did he say?  What did he say?
There hasn't been a lot of time.
You didn't tell me.
This morning.
You saw my fa... father? When?
I saw him.
He owns it. You know?
I know.
It has to do with my father.
The Albacore Club.
Please!... Trust me this much...  I'll be back. Look, there is something I should tell you. The fishing club that old lady mentioned, the pieces off the flag.
Where are you going?
Please don't be angry... believe me, it's got nothing to do with you.
And I want to know where.
Just... I have to.
Where?
...Yes, sort of a birthmark...
...A flaw...
Oh that... It's a flaw in the iris...
There's something black in the green part of your eye.
What about it?
Your eye.
What's wrong?
Could you do anything about it?
I thought I was keeping someone from being hurt and actually I ended up making sure they were hurt.
...No. Why was it.
You can't always tell what's going on there.
Hold still. Why?
Bothers everybody who works there, but to me... It was...
So why does it bother you to talk about it... Chinatown...
Yeah.
Boy oh boy, you're a mess.
They do in Chinatown.
The District Attorney gives his men advice like that?
As little as possible.
Doing what?
Working for the District Attorney.
What were you doing there?
It was in Chinatown.
Just. I don't know why. I'm asking.
Why?
When was the last time?
Actually this hasn't happened to me in some time.
Well, I'm only judging on the basis of one afternoon and an evening, but if that's how you go about your work, I'd say you're lucky to get through a whole day.
What's that, Mrs. Mulwray?
Tell me something. Does this usually happen to you, Mr. Gittes?
I guess not to you, Mrs. Mulwray. Frankly you really saved my a... my neck tonight.
No question from you is innocent, Mr. Gittes.
Easy, it's an innocent question.
I gave everybody the night off.
What do you mean, 'why?' Nobody's here, that's all.
Why?
Maid's night off?
Get in the car.
I'll stay.
They may not know it but they are.
They can't be.
You're looking at the owners of a 50,000 acre empire.
Two weeks ago he bought those 25,000 acres. That's unusual.
Is that unusual?
There was a memorial service at the Mar Vista Inn today for Jasper Lamar Crabb. He died three weeks ago.
What? What is it?
We got it. We got it, baby.
It's why he was killed. Jasper Lamar Crabb. Jasper Lamar Crabb.
And Hollis knew about it?
Yeah. They've been blowing these farmers out of here and buying their land for peanuts. Have any idea what this land'll be worth with a steady water supply? About thirty million more than they paid.
No, I think I'd remember.
Know him?
Jasper Lamar Crabb?
In the last three months, Robert Knox has bought 7,000 acres, Emma Dill 12,000 acres, Clarence Speer 5,000 acres, and Jasper Lamar Crabb 25,000 acres.
No.
Everything you can see, everything around us. I was at the Hall of Records today.  That bother you?
The Valley?
The one your husband opposed. They're conning L.A. into building it, only the water won't go to L.A. It'll go here.
What dam?
That dam is a con job.
Before this I turned on the faucet, it came out hot and cold, I didn't think there was a thing to it.
What are you thinking?
What about you? Do you and your father get along?
Of course I'm sure.
You sure shout that?
For talking him into building it, he never forgave my father... They haven't spoken to this day.
Never forgave him for what?
Yes. He never forgave him for it.
Oh, yeah?
Not exactly. Well, I mean, yes. Yes and no.  Hollis felt the public should own the water but I don't think my father felt that way.  Actually, it was over the Van der Lip. The dam that broke.
Then it was over the water department.
Not over me. Why would they have a falling out over me?
Over the water department, or over you?
No!... Yes, a little. You see Hollis and my fa... my father had a falling out...
Is there something upsetting about my asking about your father?
Oh.
You've got one going, Mrs. Mulwray.
So you married your father's business partner?
Yes, of course. It was quite a while after. I was just out of grade school when they did that.
Your father is Julian Cross, isn't he?
I'll pay your salary plus five thousand dollars if you find out what happened to Hollis and who is involved.
Money. How they plan to make it by emptying the reservoirs, that I don't know.
Whoever's behind my husband's death, why have they gone to all this trouble?
What for? There's nothing more to say.  Get my car, please.
Wait a minute, sonny.  I think you better come with me.
Oh, no. I've got my own car. The creamcolored Packard.
Another satisfied client's wife.
Another satisfied client?
More like other people putting their business in my nose.
Maybe putting your nose in other people's business?
Been meaning to talk to you about that.
How did it happen?
I don't believe you.
No, not for that one.
You seem to have had a reason for every other question.
No. I'm just a snoop.
You must've had a reason to ask me that.
No reason.
Yes... why?
That your maiden name?
K... Cross.
I don't see anyone for very long, Mr. Gittes.  It's difficult for me. Now I think you know all you need to about me. I didn't want publicity. I didn't want to go into any of this, then or now. Is this all?
For very long?
You were seeing someone, too.
I mean I can't tell you.
You mean you don't know where you were?
I can't tell you.
Where you were when your husband died.
Is there anything else you want to know?
Well I wouldn't run home and tell him whenever I went to bed with someone, if that's what you mean.
Did he know?
Mr. Gittes.
Did you have affairs?
I don't like the word 'cheat.'
She's cheating on him.
Unless what?
Look, I do matrimonial work, It's my metiay.  When a wife tells me she's happy her husband is cheating on her it runs contrary to my experience.
Why?
You'll have to explain that, Mrs. Mulwray.
I was grateful.
And you weren't the slightest bit upset about it?
He told you?
My husband.
How did you find out?
Well, I suppose I am... actually I knew about the affair.
But he wasn't killed.
If your husband was killed it was.  This can look like you paid me off to withhold evidence.
It wasn't much of a lie.
Sorry. Look, you sue me, your husband dies, you drop the lawsuit like a hot potato, and all of it quicker than wind from a duck's ass. Excuse me. Then you ask me to lie to the police.
Mr. Gittes...  Don't tell me how I feel.
I think so. Something besides your husband's death was bothering you. You were upset but not that upset.
I have?
Stop it. The money's fine. It's generous but you've shortchanged me on the story.
Well, how much would you like?
Mrs. Mulwray, I'm afraid that's not good enough.
Yes. As I said, I was very grateful.
I got your check in the mall.
A check?
Thank you for going along with me. I just didn't want to explain anything... I'll send you a check.
Oh... thank you.
You left your keys in the ignition.
...Just a minute...
Mrs. Mulwray?... Mrs. Mulwray.
Please call first.
I'll stop by.
No, Just riding bareback, that's all. Anyway, you might try the Oak Pass or Stone Canyon Reservoirs. Sometimes at lunch Hollis takes walks around them. Otherwise he'll be home by 6:30.
Looks like you went quite a distance.
No. I went riding rather early.
Look at it this way. Now this phony broad, excuse the language, says she's you, she's hired me. Whoever put her up to it, didn't have anything against me. They were out to get your husband. Now if I see him, I can help him.  Did you talk this morning?
It's very personal. It couldn't be more personal. Is this a business or an obsession with you?
Nothing personal, Mrs. Mulwray, I just --
Suppose they did. How does it concern you?
Well, that little girlfriend, she was attractive in a cheap sort of way of course.  She's disappeared. Maybe they disappeared together somewhere.
You may if you can, Mr. Gittes.
May I speak frankly, Mrs. Mulwray?
What do you mean?
You see, somebody went to a lot of trouble here, and I want to find out, lawsuit or no lawsuit. I'm not the one who's supposed to be caught with my pants down... so I'd like to see your husband. Unless that's a problem.
Well, I've been accused of many things, Mrs. Mulwray, but never that.
Why?... What on earth for?  Look, Hollis seems to think you're an innocent man.
I should talk this over with your husband.
I don't want to drop it.
Yes, Mr. Gittes?
Mrs. Mulwray?
So let's just drop the whole thing. Sugar?  Lemon?
I said I'll drop it.
What?
Mr. Gittes, you've talked me into it. I'll drop the lawsuit.
I'm just trying to make a living, and I don't want to become a local Joke.
Anyway... I... the point is, Mrs. Mulwray.  I'm not in business to be loved, but I am in business, and believe me, whoever set up your husband, set me up. L.A.'s a small town, people talk.
That's not his apartment.
Actually he's not. And he's moved from his apartment at the El Macando.
My husband's at the office.
Yeah. Fine, thank you.
Iced tea.
What are you having?
Would you like something to drink?
Now wait a minute, Mrs. Mulwray...
Yes, that Mulwray, Mr. Gittes. And since you agree with me we've never met, you must also agree that I haven't hired you to do anything. Certainly not spy on my husband. I see you like publicity, Mr. Gittes. Well, you're going to get it.
Not that Mulwray?
Get me the Times. Whitey Mehrholtz.  And how about that snotty broad?  What does she think, she's perfect? Coming in waving her lawyers and her money at me  so goddam smug. She's no better than anybody else in this town.
Yes, Mr. Gittes.
Sophie.
Yes, Mr. Gittes.
Sophie.
But, Mr. Gittes.
Sophie, go to the little girl's room for a minute.
He's in the dark room.
Walsh here?
Jesus, that's in Chinatown, ain't it?
Sophie... is Walsh there?... yeah, listen, pal, Escobar's going to try and book me in about five minutes... relax, I'll tell you. Wait in the office for two hours. If you don't hear from me, you and Duffy meet me at 1712 Alameda.
It's on your desk. Say, you hear the one about the guy who goes to the North Pole with Admiral Byrd looking for penguins?
Oh yeah? You pick up the watch?
I think I got something.
Listen, we can't string this broad out indefinitely we got to come up with something.
What'd you expect? That's his job.
Jesus Christ, this guy's really got water on the brain.
Three reservoirs. Men's room of a Richfield gas station on Flower, and the Pig 'n Whistle.
Where'd he go yesterday?
'Those people?' Miss Sessions.
You'll find one of those people.
The obituary column?
No, Mr. Gittes. Just look in the obituary column of today's Times...
...Why don't you give me your address and we can talk this over?
Oh no.
I understand... if you could tell me who employed you, Miss Sessions. That could help us both.
Well I never expected anything to happen like what happened to Mr. Mulwray, the point is if it ever comes out I want somebody to know I didn't know what would happen.
Shut the fuck up!  ...Yes I remember nothing, Miss Sessions, just going over a detail or two with my associates... you were saying?
I was the one who pretended to be Mrs. Mulwray, remember?
When did you come in?
Well, I'm a working girl, Mr. Gittes. I didn't come in to see you on my own.
Isn't everybody? What can I do for you, Miss Sessions?
Oh yes we have... are you alone, Mr. Gittes?
Hello, Miss Sessions. I don't believe we've had the pleasure.
Okay.
Miss Ida Sessions again. She says you know her.
Don't know her. Take a number.
Ida Sessions.
Who?
A Miss Sessions calling.
Yeah, Sophie.
We understand, c'mon, sweetheart.
Just, if you will, confine yourself to the main building. It's nearly bedtime.
Would you mind if we took a stroll on our own?
I don't think so. Be happy to show you.
I wonder, is it too late for us to have a look around?
Oh, good.
That's exactly what we wanted to hear.
We don't reveal the names of our guests as a matter of policy. I know you'd appreciate that if your father came to live with us.
Just to be certain, I wonder if you could show us a list of your patients?
Don't be sorry, neither does Dad. Wanted to make sure though, didn't we, honey?
I'm sorry. We don't.
Do you accept anyone of the Jewish persuasion?
Of course.
There's just one question.
Perhaps if we could meet your father.
Naturally, I want the best for him, money is no object.
Nothing to do with Dad. It's me, actually.
Oh my goodness.
I don't want to nail you. I just want to know who put you up to it. I'll give you a few days to think it over.  Call me. I can help. Who knows? Maybe we can lay the whole thing off on a few big shots and you can stay head of the department for the next twenty years.
Yes...
Hard working, have a wife and kids...
Yes...
You're a married man, am I right?
Mr. Gittes, my field men are out and I can't give you an exact location...
That's like saying they're in Arizona.
I said, the northwest valley.
Yeah, a little runoff. Where are those orchards?
Wait. Please sit down, Mr. Gittes. We're... well, we're not anxious for this to get around, but we have been diverting a little water to irrigate avocado and walnut groves in the northwest valley. As you know, the farmers there have no legal right to our water, and since the drought we've had to cut them off. The city comes first, naturally.  But, well, we've been trying to help some of them out, keep them from going under. Naturally when you divert water you get a little runoff.
Well, Whitey Mehrholtz over at the Times will. Dumping thousands of gallons of water down the toilet in the middle of a drought.  That's news.
Mr. Gittes! That's an outrageous accusation.  I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, look at it this way, Mr. Yelburton.  Mulwray didn't want to build a dam and he had a reputation that was hard to get around, so. you decided to ruin it. Then he found out that you were dumping water every night. Then he was drowned.
Mr. Gittes, you're not making a bit of sense.
Neither do I, actually. But you hired me or you hired that chippie to hire me.
I don't understand.
I never was.
Only when you breathe... don't tell me you're still working for Mrs. Mulwray?
Only when I breathe.
You ought to be more careful. That must really smart.
I cut myself shaving.
Oh yes. Hollis was the best department head the city's ever had. My goodness, what happened to your nose?
Yeah, must be especially tough to take over under these circumstances.
Mr. Gittes, sorry to keep you waiting. These staff meetings, they just go on and on.
Hope so. He's working for us.
Relax, Mulvihill, glad to see you.  Do you know Claude Mulvihill here?
Help yourself.
Mind if I take one of your cards? In case I want to get in touch with you again.
Well, tell him I'll be back.
I'm sorry, I --
You don't happen to know where Mr. Mulwray's having lunch?
Maybe he takes it very seriously.
He never even kids about it.
And Mulwray isn't?
After all, you work with a man for a certain length of time, you come to know him, his habits, his values, and so forth. Well either he's the kind who chases after women or he isn't.
I wonder if you'd care to wait in my office?
J.J. Gittes. And it's not a departmental matter.
Can I help you?  Russ Yelburton, Deputy Chief in the Department.
That's what I thought. You see, I'm Mrs. Evelyn Mulwray. You know, Mr. Mulwray's wife.
Never.
Never?
Well, no.
Have we ever met?
Well... I think I... I would've remembered.
Do you know me?
Yes?
Mr. Gittes?
Comes in different parts of the river. Every night a different part.
When it comes? What'd you tell him?
When it comes.
What about the water?
The water.
Didn't you talk to a man here... few days ago... wore glasses... he...
Si.
Speak English?... Habla Ingles?
Yeah, well he ain't gonna drown in a damp riverbed either, I don't care how soused he was. That's like drowning in a teaspoon.
It's not completely dry.
It's bone dry, Morty.
Yeah, under Hollenbeck Bridge, what's wrong with that?
The L.A. River?
Yeah, got dead drunk, passed out in the bottom of the riverbed.
Come again?
Drowned, too.
Yeah.
So how are you, Morty?
That's a long fall.
Yeah. Banged up pretty bad.
Yeah? Ain't that something? Middle of a drought, the water commissioner drowns. Only in L.A.
Nothin', Morty, it's my lunch hour, I thought I'd drop by and see who died lately.
Jake, what're you doin' here?
Well, tell you what, pal. If Ida wants to see me she can call me at my office.
Sure you do.
Yeah?... I do?
Who?
Ida Sessions wants to see you.
Yeah.
Gittes?... Gittes?
Money doesn't matter to me, Mr. Gittes.
This type of investigation can be hard on your pocketbook, Mrs. Mulwray. It takes time.
Water and Power?
Hollis. Hollis Mulwray.
All right, what's your husband's first name?
But I have to know.
I'm sure he loves you, too. You know the expression, let sleeping dogs lie? You're better off not knowing.
But...
Then go home and forget about it.
...Yes of course.
Mrs. Mulwray, do you love your husband?
Now, what makes you certain he is involved with someone?
Of course not.
I'm afraid not, Mrs. Mulwray. These men are my operatives and at some point they're going to assist me. I can't do everything myself.
Can't we talk about this alone, Mr. Gittes?
I am sorry.
I'm afraid so.
No, really?
Now, Mrs. Mulwray, what seems to be the problem?
Mr. Gittes...
How do you do, Mrs. Mulwray?
Yeah, I'll do that.
Lot of turnover these days. Better tell them to get in touch with me if they want to hang onto their land.
Yeah.
Never heard of 'em... new owners?
That's swell. But how about here?  Ever worked for Robert Knox, Emma Dill, Clarence Speer, Marian Parsons, or Jasper Lamar Crabb?
City of La Habra Heights filled an 800,000 gallon reservoir with sixteen inches of rain in two days.
Yeah.  Do you have any references?
No problem with me on the Job.
Yes. Yes, they were partners.
They were partners.
Along with Mr. Mulwray.
Mulwray? I thought you said Cross owned the department.
Mr. Mulwray felt the public should own the display. The water. If you'll just read the display.
How did they get it away from him?
Yes.
He owned the entire water supply for the city?
Yes.
He owned the water department?
He owned it.
He did or he didn't?
Yes. No.
Julian Cross worked for the water department?
I take a long lunch. All day sometimes.
He's liable to be tied up indefinitely.
Well I'm on my lunch hour. I'll wait.
Mr. Yelburton will be busy for some time.
Fifteen minutes ago. Why don't I go in and wait?
He was expecting you?
Gee whiz.  And I'm late.
Since lunch.
It's personal. Has he been out long?
May I ask what this is regarding?
Gittes.
He's not in, Mr.?
Mr. Mulwray, please.
Gimme your keys. Watch this old fart, will you?  Take Duffy's car. Curly's boat's in Pedro, near the Starkist cannery. It's the Evening Star. He'll be waiting. I'll take care of this.
Jake, it's Chinatown. They're all over the place. You oughta know better.
Duffy, go over and sit on Mulvihill.  Jesus Christ, I didn't tell you to bring the police department with you.
Sue people like that they're liable to be having dinner with the Judge who's trying the suit.
Yeah. What's wrong with you guys? Think ahead. We find 'em, sue 'em. We'll make a killing.  We'll have dinner at Chasen's twice a week, we'll be pissing on ice the rest of our lives.
Yeah?
I don't want Mulvihill.  I want the big boys that are making the payoffs.
Think you can nail Mulvihill? They'll claim you were trespassing.
They're all a bunch of phonies.
So he says you sent them?
When I find out who that phony bitch was.
No, no. She said not to call, her husband might answer.
All she needed for that was the phone book!
Look, Jake. She gave us Mulwray's real phone number and address.
Let me explain something to you, Walsh. This business requires a certain finesse.
Look, you tell me to take pictures, I take pictures.
Jesus Christ, Walsh. That's what you spent your day doing?
Yeah.
Apple core?
I don't know. The traffic was pretty loud. I only heard one thing  apple core.
What about?
They got into a terrific argument outside the Pig 'n Whistle.
This?
No, you have a press agent do it.
Neither do I.
We don't publish a record in the paper, I can tell you that.
Tell me, how many people a week do you foreclose on?
Mortgage Department, First National Bank.
Oh? What do you do to make ends meet?
Nothing. You got a hell of a way to make a living.
What's that, pal?
Cross was looking for her all over the country. Offered rewards, everything. Felt real sorry for him, with all his money.
You don't say?
She ran off to Mexico. Rumor was she was knocked up and didn't even know who the father was. Went there to get rid of it.
We missed the best of it, didn't we, pal?
Oh, you know. She was sixteen or seventeen.
Why'd she run away?
That's for sure.
Well, you never know, do you?
Course, she settled down nicely.
Oh yeah, it was a big thing at the time. Julian Cross' daughter. God almighty. She was a wild little thing.
She ran away?
No, he's only got one, I remember her age, I read it in the newspapers when she ran away.
You must be thinking of a different daughter.
She must be about thirty-three, thirty- four.
She ain't exactly long in the tooth now.
That right?... She used to be some looker.
I'm working for his daughter.
Is the Pope Catholic? Who are you, mister?... I ask because he doesn't see a whole lot of people.
I'm going to see a man called Julian Cross. Ever heard of him?
Lots of fellas do. Tell the little woman they're going on a fishing trip, then shack up with some little twist on the island... she pretty?
But that's what you told your wife.
Not exactly.
Whatever you do, love it like you loved that projection booth of the Paradiso when you were little... 
Thanks for all you've done for me.
No, Toto, nobody said it. I say it! Life's not like you saw it in the movies. Life...is harder.  Get out! Go back to Rome. You 're young, the world is yours! And I'm old...I don't want to hear you talk any more, I want to hear talk about you.
Who said that? Gary Cooper, James Stewart, Henry Fonda? Huh? 
Do like the soldier, Toto! Go away! This land is cursed.  When you're here every day you feel like you're at the center of the universe, it seems like nothing ever changes. Then you go away, one year, two...And when you come back, everything's different. The thread has broken. You don't find those you were looking for, your things no longer exist. Isn't that the case?...You've got to go away a long time, for many, many years, before coming back and finding your people again, the land where you were born...But not now, it's impossible. Now you're blinder than I am. 
Now I understand why the soldier went away just before the end. That's right, just one more night and the princess would have been his. But she, also, could not have kept her promise. And...that would have been terrible, he would have died from it. So instead, for ninety-nine nights at least he had lived with the illusion that she was there waiting for him... 
Listen to this one...The commander says to the sergeant: 'You remember that windmill that used to be there?' 'Yes, sir, I remember the mill's gone but the wind's still there!'  You remember the story of the soldier and the princess? 
It was probably meant to be like this. Each of us has a star to follow. So now what are you thinking of doing?
No. And nobody knows where she is.
Did you ever see her again? 
Toto, sooner or later there comes a time when talking or keeping quiet is the same thing. So it's better to shut up.  It's hot in here. Toto, take me to the beach.
They tell me you never go out, never talk to anybody. Why?
You 're thinner...You can tell you've not been treated well. .
No, nobody came. 
I'm here! Take it easy! Take it easy!  Sit down, sit down...  Did she come?
But where'd you go, Toto?!!
You were expecting her? Huh?  ...It's a nasty business waiting by yourself. In company it's better. No?...Then I'll leave.
No, Alfredo, I was coming to help you...
You weren't expecting me?
Could be...But I don't like this business. It smells fishy to me.
Just so, Alfredo. There isn't any. And if you buy a television set, you can watch it at home, without any fuss...
Toto, are you pulling my leg or something? How is it possible to see this television without film?
No! You mean right at the end?  ALFREDO That's right, Toto, right at the end? And don't ask me what it means. If you figure it out, let me know...
I want to make you happy, Toto! I'm going to tell you a story.  Once upon a time a king gave a feast and there were all the most beautiful princesses of the realm. Basta, one of the guards, saw the king's daughter: she was the loveliest of all! And he immediately fell in love with her. But what could a poor soldier do compared with a king's daughter?!...One day he managed to meet her and told her he couldn't live without her. The princess was so struck by the depth of his feeling that she said to the soldier  'If you will wait a hundred days and a hundred nights beneath my balcony, then in the end I'll be yours.' Christ, the soldier ran off there and waited! One day, two days, ten, twenty...Every night she looked out of her window, but he never budged. Come rain, wind, snow, never budged! The birds shat on him and the bees ate him alive! After ninety nights he was gaunt and pale and tears streamed from his eyes but he couldn't hold them back. He didn't even have the strength to sleep any more. The princess kept watch...And on the ninety-ninth night, the soldier got up, picked up his chair and left!
You see, it s like I say. You always have an answer for everything.
Heeey! Totooooo! Don't get pissed off with me now! Come here! I don't know where the fuck I have to go.  And the next time be careful how you talk. Not to take credit away from the Lord, but if I had created the world, in all modesty, certain things would have come out better. But unfortunately such was not the case.
Stop it! I've had enough of your sermons! You act as if you created the world! 
Don't think about it, Toto. Don't even try. With feelings, there's nothing to understand.
But why? There must be some way to make her understand!
I told you, the blue-eyed ones are the most difficult.
They're not my words. John Wayne said it in Shepherd of the Hills.
What you say is wonderful! But sad...
Eh! Love...what a mystery!  I understand you, Toto...The ones with blue eyes are the most beautiful. Whatever you do, you can't make friends with them.  Eh, there's nothing to be done about it! The heavier a man is, the deeper his footprints. And if he's in love, he suffers, because he knows he's up a one-way street. Because love is a meaningless thing when a man gets it into his head to do what he wants... 
What's she like? What's she like?...
Yes, it's a girl I saw at the station.
Is there a woman?...Tell me the truth...  There is a woman.
Nothing, there's nothing. It's all out of focus.
Now what can you see?
It's people in the slaughter-house killing a calf. There's blood all over the floor, like a lake. And through this lake another calf passes by on its way to die.
What is it, what is it? What's the picture?
Yes. 
I've shown it so many times I know it by heart. The first time I showed it, in 1940, was the Sunday my first wife died. They kept it hidden from me all day so they wouldn't have to close down the movie house. I only found out that night, after the last show. Those are things you never forget...  So, Toto, how are these home movies going? 
That's right, Modern Times.
Chaplin's Modern Times! Right, Toto?
Progress! It always arrives too late!
What'd I tell you? It doesn't catch fire!
For example, at this moment the film's out of focus. Go see.
Yes. I want proof.
Toto, this isn't for you. For the moment, the Cinema Paradiso needs you, and you need the Cinema Paradiso. But it won't last...Some day you'll have other things to do, more important things...  That's right, more important. I know it. Now that I've lost my sight I see more. I see everything I didn't see before...  And it's all thanks to you, who saved my life. And I'll never forget it...  And don't put on that look. I haven't gone off my head yet. You want proof?
Why? What do you mean?
Don't do that...Sooner or later you'll be left empty-handed.
OK. OK. But now that I've got a job, I'11 probably stop going...
How's school?
Come in, Alfredo.
Any room for me in this Cinema Paradiso? 
Too bad!
It's got to be sent to another town. And if we don't the owner of that movie house gets pissed off.
Peppinoooo! Come back sooon!!  Good thing Germany's closer than Russia.
Who knows?...It's like an adventure.  Hope springs eternal... 
Will they really find work in Germany?
It tastes wonderful!
You understand which side the gelatin's on?
Alfredo, go fuck yourself!!! 
With time...you get used to it. Besides, when you hear from up here that there's a full house and that people are laughing, having fun... Then you're happy too.  So I've been wasting my breath? You pretend to agree with me, but as soon as my back is turned, you do what you want!  Get out of here! I don't want to lay eyes on you again! This is the last straw! Your mother's right, you're crazy!!  But how'd he do it? The little bastard! By watching, he's learned! It's incredible!  I'm letting the box office know you're not to set foot even into the theatre! There are no more tickets for you! And I'm also talking to Father Adelfio! You won't be an altar boy any more either!!! You little runt! 
But don't you like anything about what you do? 
Good for you, Toto. Good for you... I'm only saying this for your own good...  Cooped up in here you die of heat in the summer and of cold in the winter. You breathe in smoke, gas fumes, and earn practically nothing. 
No...
Because I'm an idiot. How many other guys in town know how to be a projectionist? None! Only a jerk like me could do it. Besides I wasn't lucky. When I was a kid there was the war! When I grew up, another war! Now it's all different. Times have changed. And you want to be a dope like me? Huh? Answer me!
Then why don't you change jobs? 
Because I don't want to, Toto! This is not a job for you. It's like being a slave. You're always alone. You see the same film over and over again, because you have nothing else to do. And you start talking to Greta Garbo and Tyrone Power like a nut! You work on holidays, on Christmas, on Easter. Only on Good Friday are you free. But if they hadn't put Jesus Christ on a cross...You'd work Good Fridays too!
Then why don't you want to teach it to me too? Now that there's no more cranking, and it's easier?
Now listen to what I've got to say. I took up this profession when I was ten years old. In those days there weren't these modern machines. The films were silent. The projectors were run by hand, like this, with a crank. And you wound the crank all day long. It was really rough going! If you got tired and slowed down' boom! Everything would go up in flames!
Toto, come here.
I told my mother you weren't the one who gave me the films. That it wasn't your fault. But I thought you said the film could catch fire just to scare me. Now that I know, I won't steal any more from you. That's all I wanted to say. I'm going. 
All right, all right! When I've got kids that's what I'm telling them! 
But you don't have any kids!!!
'I choose my friends for their looks, and my enemies for their brains...'  You're too smart to be my friend. Besides, as I always tell my kids, be careful to pick the right friends!
Of course I knew your father. He was tall, thin, pleasant, and had a moustache like mine. Always smiling. He looked like Clark Gable.
Alfredo, did you know my father?
What you find tonight on the floor between the seats? 
Fifty lire... 
Signora Maria, don't do that. He's just a kid.  And why are you telling fibs?  We let him in free. He must have lost the money inside the movie theatre...  How much did you have?
I bought a ticket. I've come to see the film. 
What are you doing here?
Look, Toto! Before I kick your ass all the way to China and back, let's make a deal. These strips here are yours, I give them to you. However! One  you're not to stick your nose in here any more. Two  I'll keep them for you, because you can't take them home for God forbid and save our souls, if they catch fire, all hell will break loose! OK? Oh!!! And now scram!
So I can have these? 
'Cause sometimes you can't find the right place any more and so...well, actually...they stay here.  Besides, there are more kisses than you can count.
...and turn into a piece of charcoal!!
You must not come here! How many times do I have to tell you?  If the film catches fire, runt that you are, you'd go up in a burst of flame...whoosh! And turn into a piece of...
And the next time don't go around saying such heresy. You survived the fire at the movie house. But no one can save you from the fire of Hell!
Oh yes, father. Now everything's clear.
You understand now? You see it clearly?
I know. But take the-miracle of the loaves and fishes, for example! I think about it a lot...How is it possible for...
But Alfredo, what you're saying is horrifying!
Father Adelfio, I have a very serious doubt that is torturing my soul. And you've got to help me, because I've lost all peace of mind...
What is it, Alfredo? Right now, of all times!
Yeah!...Getting there's downhill and all the saints help you. But coming back! The saints stand there watching you, that's all! God's will be done.
Good morning, father. It's hard on the feet, huh?
I'll never agree with you. Never, Elena.
No, Salvatore...there is no future. There's only the past. Even meeting last night was nothing but a dream, a beautiful dream.  We never did it when we were kids, remember?  Now that it's happened, I don't think there could have been a better ending. 
What difference does it make to find an explanation? That's the way it went. But Alfredo didn't betray you, he was the only one who really understood you. Salvatore, if you had chosen to be with me, you'd have never made your films. And that would have been a pity! Because they're wonderful, I've seen them all.  But you shouldn't have gone and changed your name. You should have kept your own.
But I never saw that note!  I must have covered it with my hand, without realizing it, that's the only explanation... 
He wasn't crazy. In the beginning I was upset. I think I really hated him. But then, with time, I understood what he said...and your silence too.
Oh, how I looked for you, Elena! You'll never know. I wrote, telephoned, nothing. Nobody ever answered. But I dreamt of you for years! That's why I went away...and never came back here.  Even as the years passed, in all the women I met, I was only looking for you. I had success it's true, but there was always something missing...  I'd never have imagined that all this had to end because of the man who was like a father to me. A crazy lunatic! 
I told him I'd take his advice. But before I went away I left you that note...  I was on my way down the stairs... 
Alfredo, damn him! He cast his spell on you too!
It's the first time I've had to chance to tell the story. I never mentioned it to anybody.
Nor have I. Even though you disappeared...  But what's the point of talking about it? We risk being pathetic and ridiculous.  You still live in Rome?
But I've never forgotten you, Elena!
Politics. He's the district representative. We met at the University in Pisa.
Sure, sure! Boccia...  What's he do?
My husband...you know him.
All things considered, yes. Even if it wasn't what I dreamt of then...
No. And I'm not married.  Are you happy?
One or two. Bur there're not all that many Salvatores.  I've got a son, too...he's older. And you, do you have children?
I saw your daughter. She's beautiful! Who knows how many Salvatores must be running after her...
Of course I remember him. I'm sorry. You were terribly fond of him.
Alfredo died. Do you remember him?
Don't be silly...I'm old.  Don't look at me like that, please.  Why'd you come back?
You're still beautiful...
The son of one of his colleagues. Don't act that way. We'll talk about it later. Wait for me Thursday at the Cinema Paradiso. I'll be coming with the five o'clock bus.
Who?
He won't be convinced, Salvatore. He has other plans for me.
Good, this way we can finally talk. I'll convince him this time.
No, Salvatore. You'd better go. It's my father.
The army says that, as a war orphan, I don't have to serve in the military, but nothing can be done. It's a bureaucratic error. I have to leave. Day after tomorrow morning. They're sending me to Rome. But they'll discharge me ten days later. Let's go...
So what'd they say?
I got back today. You can't imagine the excuses I had to make up to be here...
Elena!...But when...
That's nothing to do with it, it's the car that's still being run in...
You have a great future as a driver. If they don't arrest you first!!
For you to fall in love with me too. Listen carefully. Every night, when I get off work, I'll come and wait beneath your window. Every night. When you change your mind, open your window. That's all. I'll understand...
For what?
I don't care. I'll wait.
Sssssh, Be quiet, pretend everything's normal. I'm Salvatore.
But...who...
We'll talk about that later.
Father, I have sinned...
Bye-bye, Elena.  ...What an idiot! What an idiot! 'Nice day'! Christ!!
Yes, nice day.  ...I've got to go now. Bye-bye.
No particular reason...  Nice day, huh? 
Hi. Why are you running?
Hi, Elena!
Elena. My name's Elena.
My name's Salvatore...And yours?
You never used to do that!
And I never asked for one! You have nothing to explain. I always thought that what you did was right, and that was that. With no beating around the bush...  Only one thing made me suffer: bolting the door shut before going to bed at night...
No...It's nothing to do with you. It's just that I was scared of coming back. Now, after all these years, I thought I was strong, that I had forgotten lots of things. Instead, I find it's quite the opposite, as if I had never left. And yet, I look at Lia and feel as if I didn't know her, and you, Mamma...I abandoned you, ran away like a thief, thought only of myself, and never gave you an explanation...
You shouldn't tell me that now. After all these years!  I put all your things in here. Go in, go in...
No, Mamma, it only takes an hour by air, you know.
See how pretty the house is? We did everything over.  If it hadn't been for you!  Come, I have a surprise....  You must be tired. If you want to rest, there's time before the funeral.
They're always writing to me saying they want to come to Rome!
Lia'll be so glad to see you, you'll see. And you won't recognize the kids any more, they're grown up by now.
It's not true! No! It's not true!!! I'll show you he's coming back!
Daddy's not coming back...He's dead. 
Somebody stole it.
Then where's the money?
No...
I've been looking for you all day. Did you buy the milk?
It takes years to get there. And years to come back...Now go to bed, Toto, it's late.
I don't remember him any moreMa, where's Russia?
Well, it's hard to call an important person by his first name. But if it really matters to you, I'11 call you...  Toto!...
But why do you call me 'Mr. Di Vita'? It didn't used to be that way...
Six years ago this May. No one came any more. You "know better than me, Mr. Di Vita, the crisis, television, videos. By now the movie business is only a dream. The city's bought it now to make a new parking lot. Next Saturday they're tearing it down...A pity!...
How long's it been shut?
OK...
Toto, this is no film for the common herd. One day'll be more than enough...So tonight, please set up tomorrow's film, so the projectionist who is coming will find it ready.
What the fuck you talking about? You getting into the act too, Toto? Titanus has trouble giving me even one copy and I have to say thanks! If I ask for two, the least they'll do is cut off my head and play ball with it!
The projector's all rusty, but I could fix it in two or three days. Give the place a good cleaning, put in some seats and bring in a projectionist and we'll show Catene in two houses.
So what's that got to do with it?
Don Ciccio, I've got an idea...You remember that old abandoned movie house where they're supposed to build those low-rent houses?
Well, the way I look at it -  -  You want to know what I really think would be wonderful?
Please, Mr. Bernstein.
I do.  I do.  I mean, since you're running for Governor - and you want to be elected -  I think it's wonderful you're going to be elected.  Only -  -  Can I say something?
You don't really think so?
It's wonderful, Mr. Kane.  Wonderful. Wonderful.
Huh?  Oh, I forgot - you've been away so long I forgot about your joking -
We certainly do.  Vacation's over - starting right after dinner.  But right now - that lady over there -  - that's the new society editor, I take it?  You think I could interrupt her a moment, Mr. Bernstein?
So then, tonight, we go over everything thoroughly, eh?  Especially the new papers -
Sit down, everybody - for heaven's sake!
Ask them to sit down, Mr. Bernstein.
I promise not to bring any more Venuses and not to worry - and not to try to get in touch with any of the papers -
But please, Mr. Kane, don't buy any more paintings.  Nine Venuses already we got, twenty-six Virgins - two whole warehouses full of stuff -
Two hundred and one thousand, six hundred and forty-seven.
Gentlemen of the "Enquirer"!  This has, I think, been a fitting welcome to those distinguished journalists -  Mr. Reilly in particular - who are the latest additions to our ranks. It will make them happy to learn that the "Enquirer's" circulation this morning passed the two hundred thousand mark.
I know.
You know how long it took the "Chronicle" to get that staff together?  Twenty years.
You're right, Mr. Bernstein.
Say, with them fellows -  - it's no trick to get circulation.
Look at that.
From the Chronicle Building that sign is the biggest thing you can see - every floor guaranteed - let's hope it bothers them - it cost us enough.
Let's hope they like it there.
These'll be kept.  I'll provide the people of this city with a daily paper that will tell all the news honestly.  I will also provide them -
You don't wanta make any promises, Mr. Kane, you don't wanta keep.
I'll write it myself.
I can't take shorthand, Mr. Kane -
My Declaration of Principles -  Don't smile, Brad -  Take dictation, Mr. Bernstein -
Oh!
It's a saying, Mr. Bernstein.  A new broom sweeps clean.
Mr. Leland, if Mr. Kane, he should decide to drop the price to one cent, or maybe even he should make up his mind to give the paper away with a half-pound of tea - you'll just hold him until I get back, won't you?
Ready for dinner, Brad?
All right, but I'll keep these figures, too, just in case.
Re-figure it, Mr. Bernstein, at two cents.
This is all figured at three cents a copy.
Two cents.
Three cents.
I ordered six already this morning! Got a discount!
I've just made a shocking discovery. The "Enquirer" is without a telephone. Have two installed at once!
Get me a typewriter.  I'll finish the notice.
I can't take shorthand.
It isn't here, Mr. Bernstein.  I'm dictating it.
I didn't see that.
Of her acting, it is absolutely impossible to say anything except that it represents a new low...  Have you got that, Mr. Bernstein? In the opinion of this reviewer -
That's all there is.
Go on!
"Her singing, happily, is no concern of this department.  Of her acting, it is absolutely impossible to..." 
Thais.
"Miss Susan Alexander, a pretty but hopelessly incompetent amateur -  - last night opened the new Chicago Opera House in a performance of - of -"  I can't pronounce that name, Mr. Kane.
What does it say there?
Hey, Brad!  Brad!  He ain't been drinking before, Mr. Kane. Never.  We would have heard.
That's all right, Mr. Bernstein.
Mr. Kane -
Where is he?
He sure did, Mr. Kane.
I rather like it myself.  Send it right away.
That's fine, Mr. Kane.
The food is marvelous in Cuba the senoritas are beautiful stop I could send you prose poems of palm trees and sunrises and tropical colors blending in far off landscapes but don't feel right in spending your money for this stop there's no war in Cuba regards Wheeler.
That's all right.  We have no secrets from our readers.  Mr. Thatcher is one of our most devoted readers, Mr. Bernstein.  He knows what's wrong with every issue since I've taken charge. What's the cable?
How are you, Mr. Thatcher?
Mr. Bernstein, Mr. Thatcher -
Well, well - isn't that nice?
Yes, very!  Naturally.
Enthusiastic?
Oh, yes, it's already made up.  Our Mr. Mervin wrote a small review.
And the social.  How about the music notice?  You got that in?
Yes.  I thought it was a good idea. We've covered it from the news end, of course.
That's a long story.
He's a great guy - Leland.  Why'd he ever leave New York?
That's right.  They called us the "Three Musketeers."
You and Leland and Mr. Kane - you were great friends back in the old days, I understand.
I might make him nervous.
Well, why don't you, Mr. Bernstein? You know Mr. Leland.
Go in and ask him to hurry.
Just old age.  It's the only disease, Mr. Thompson, you don't look forward to being cured of.  You ought to see Mr. Leland.  There's a whole lot of things he could tell you - if he wanted to.
Nothing particular the matter with him, they tell me.  Just - 
You don't say!  Why I had no idea -
In case you'd like to know, Mr. Bernstein, he's at the Huntington Memorial Hospital on 180th Street.
Maybe that was something he lost. Mr. Kane was a man that lost - almost everything he had -  You ought to talk to Bradford Leland. He could tell you a lot.  I wish I could tell you where Leland is, but I don't know myself.  He may be out of town somewhere - he may be dead.
Yes -
It ended -  Then there was Susie - that ended, too.  I guess he didn't make her very happy -  You know, I was thinking - that Rosebud you're trying to find out about -
It didn't end very well, did it?
The way things turned out, I don't need to tell you - Miss Emily Norton was no rosebud!
Oh, yes.  He saw to that.  I tell you, Mr. Thompson, he was a hard man to figure out.  He had that funny sense of humor.  And then, too, maybe he thought by finishing that piece he could show Leland he was an honest man. You see, Leland didn't think so.  I guess he showed him all right.  He's a nice fellow, but he's a dreamer.  They were always together in those early days when we just started the Enquirer.
Well, then, how could he write that roast?  The notices in the Kane papers were always very kind to her.
He thought she was great, Mr. Thompson. He really believed that.  He put all his ambition on that girl.  After she came along, he never really cared for himself like he used to.  Oh, I don't blame Susie -
I guess Mr. Kane didn't think so well of Susie's art anyway.
He finished it.  He wrote the worst notice I ever read about the girl he loved.  We ran it in every paper.
It's not trick to make an awful lot of money if all you want is to make a lot of money.  Thatcher!
He made an awful lot of money.
Thatcher!  That man was the biggest darn fool I ever met -
Nobody else, but I've been through that stuff of Walter Thatcher's. That journal of his -
Who else did you see?
I'm going back there.
Sure, sure.
You know why?  She was so -
Susie?  I called her myself the day after he died.  I thought maybe somebody ought to...  She couldn't even come to the 'phone.
Well, I went down to Atlantic City -
Who else you been to see?
I'm calling on people who knew Mr. Kane. I'm calling on you.
You're pretty young, Mr. -  Mr. Thompson.  A fellow will remember things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me.  One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on a ferry and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in -  - and on it, there was a girl waiting to get off.  A white dress she had on - and she was carrying a white pastrol - and I only saw her for one second and she didn't see me at all - but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl.  See what I mean?  Well, so what are you doing about this "Rosebud," Mr. Thompson.
Not some girl he knew casually and then remembered after fifty years, on his death bed -
That Rosebud?  Maybe some girl?  There were a lot of them back in the early days, and -
-  We thought maybe, if we can find out what he meant by that last word - as he was dying -
From before the beginning, young fellow. And now it's after the end.  Anything you want to know about him - about the paper -
Well, Mr. Bernstein, you were with Mr. Kane from the very beginning -
Who's a busy man?  Me?  I'm Chairman of the Board.  I got nothing but time ...  What do you want to know?
Mr. Kane is finishing your piece the way you started it.
I suppose he's fixing it up - I know I'd never get that through.
Kane?  Charlie?  Where is he?
Mr. Kane is finishing it.
Where is it - where's my notice? I've got to finish it!
Hello, Bernstein.
Hello, Mr. Leland.
Yes, Mr. Bernstein.
Not to me.  But you will let that cop go home with Mr. Kane, won't you?
Go and get yourself washed up, Mr. Bernstein.  There doesn't seem to be an serious injury.
If you hadn't come along and protected me when you did, I'd have killed them fellows.
I'm all right, Mr. Leland.  Only there was some fellows out front that thought they ought to take things up with me.  I learned 'em! Didn't I, officer?
What's happened?
September the ninth?
Well, he'll be coming back in September. The Majestic.  I got the reservations. It gets in on the ninth.

If you thought I'd answer different from what Mr. Kane tells you - well, I wouldn't.
Yes.
Mr. Bernstein, am I a stuffed shirt? Am I a horse-faced hypocrite?  Am I a New England school-marm?
Don't I always?  Most of the time?
Mr. Bernstein, I wish you'd let me ask you a few questions, and answer me truthfully.
I wanted him to have fun - and with me along -
Mr. Leland, why didn't you go to Europe with him?  He wanted you to.  He said to me just yesterday -
Certainly not.
Do you, Mr. Leland?
Probably.  There's always a chance, of course, that they'll change Mr. Kane - without his knowing it.
Certainly not.  So what's that got to do with it?  Mr. Kane, he'll have them changed to his kind of newspapermen in a week.
Do we stand for the same things that the "Chronicle" stands for, Mr. Bernstein?
Sure.  They're like anybody else. They got work to do.  They do it.  Only they happen to be the best men in the business.
Mr. Bernstein, these men who are now with the "Enquirer" - who were with the "Chronicle" until yesterday - weren't they just as devoted to the "Chronicle" kind of paper as they are now to - our kind of paper?
What's the matter?
Yes.
Isn't it wonderful?  Such a party!
Certainly not.
Do you, Mr. Leland?
That looks pretty nice.
Sixty-two thousand -
You just made the paper over four times today, Mr. Kane.  That's all -
Charlie?!
Wasted?
It's three hours and fifty minutes late - but we did it -
We'll be on the street soon, Charlie - another ten minutes.
Who said anything about brooms?
I'm not guaranteeing a thing, Mr. Bernstein.  You people work too fast for me!  Talk about new brooms!
But Mr. Kane, I meant -
It is accepted, Mr. Carter, with assurances of my deepest regard.
I've been a newspaperman my whole life and I don't intend -  - if it's your intention that I should continue to be harassed by this - this -  I warn you, Mr. Kane, it would go against my grain to desert you when you need me so badly - but I would feel obliged to ask that my resignation be accepted.
That'll be all today, Mr. Carter. You've been most understanding. Good day, Mr. Carter!
But, Mr. Kane -
Really, Mr. Kane, I can't see the function of a respectable newspaper -
That's the kind of thing we are going to be interested in from now on, Mr. Carter.  Right now, I wish you'd send your best man up to see Mr. Silverstone.  Have him tell Mr. Silverstone if he doesn't produce his wife at once, the "Enquirer" will have him arrested.  Have him tell Mr. Silverstone he's a detective from the Central Office. If Mr. Silverstone asks to see his badge, your man is to get indignant and call Mr. Silverstone an anarchist. Loudly, so that the neighbors can hear.
It's not our function to report the gossip of housewives.  If we were interested in that kind of thing, Mr. Kane, we could fill the paper twice over daily -
The "Chronicle" doesn't say she's murdered, Mr. Carter.  It says the neighbors are getting suspicious.
As a matter of fact, we sent a man to the Silverstone home yesterday afternoon.  Our man even arrived before the "Chronicle" reporter.  And there's no proof that the woman was murdered - or even that she's dead.
If the headline is big enough, it makes the new big enough.  The murder of Mrs. Harry Silverstone -
There is no news big enough.
I'm still hungry, Brad.  Let's go to Rector's and get something decent.  The "Chronicle" has a two-column headline, Mr. Carter.  Why haven't we?
Because we're running a newspaper, Mr. Kane, not a scandal sheet.
I'm not criticizing, Mr. Carter, but here's what I mean.  There's a front page story in the "Chronicle,"  and a picture - of a woman in Brooklyn who is missing.  Probably murdered.  A Mrs. Harry Silverstone.  Why didn't the "Enquirer" have that this morning?
That's one of the things I think must be changed, Mr. Carter.  The news goes on for twenty-four hours a day.
But a morning newspaper, Mr. Kane. After all, we're practically closed twelve hours a day - except for the business offices -
I'm going to live right here.  As long as I have to.
My little sanctum is at your disposal. But I don't think I understand -
You've got a private office here, haven't you?
How do you do, Mr. Bernstein?
Mr. Carter, this is Mr. Bernstein. Mr. Bernstein is my general manager.
I don't my plans myself.
You may resume your work, gentlemen.  I didn't know your plans and so I was unable to make any preparations.
Ask them to sit down.
I thought it would be a nice gesture - the new publisher -
Are they standing for me?
How do you do, Mr. Leland?
Thank you, Mr Carter.  This is Mr. Leland.
Welcome, Mr. Kane, to the "Enquirer." I am Herbert Carter.
He used to work fast - didn't he, Mr. Bernstein?
We haven't heard from him.
Has he said when he'll finish?
Yes, Mr. Kane.
That's Leland, isn't it?
No, Mr. Kane.
It isn't finished?
But there's another one still to come - the dramatic notice.
Yes, Mr. kane.
Is it good?
Yes - Mr. Kane.
And the notice?
Exactly according to your instructions, Mr. Kane.  We've got two spreads of pictures.
Was the show covered by every department?
We've got a nice plant here.
Mr. Kane, this is a surprise!
Of course.
Not at all.  I'd like the nurse to be here, too.
There are no objections to my staying here with her, are there?
I'm sure that's it. 
Thank you.  I can't imagine how Mrs. Kane came to make such a silly mistake.  The sedative Dr. Wagner gave her is in a somewhat larger bottle -  I suppose the strain of preparing for her trip has excited and confused her.
The nurse has complete instructions, but if you care to talk to me at any time, I should be only too glad -  I shall be here in the morning.
I'd rather Mr. Kane withdrew without having to get the story published. Not that I care about him.  But I'd be better off that way -  - and so would you, Mrs. Kane.
You don't have to show me anything, Mr. Rogers.  I believe you.
The story about him and Miss Alexander, Mrs. Kane.
What story, Mr. Rogers?
I think I understand, Mr. Rogers, but I wonder if - 
I'm protecting myself every way I know how, Mrs. Kane.  This last week, I finally found out how I can stop your husband from being elected. If the people of this state learn what I found out this week, he wouldn't have a chance to - he couldn't be elected Dog Catcher.  Well, what I'm interested in is seeing that he's not elected.  I don't care whether they know what I know about him.  Let him keep right on being the Great, Noble, Moral -  Champeen of the people.  Just as long as -
Let him finish, Charles.
Charles!  Your - your breaking this man's neck -  would scarcely explain this note -  Serious consequences for Mr. Kane -  for myself, and for my son.  What does this note mean, Miss -
Maybe you can do it and maybe you can't, Mr. Kane.
I made Miss - Miss Alexander send you the note.  She was a little unwilling at first -  but she did it.
How do you do?  I came here - and I made Mr. Kane come with me...  because I recieved this note -
If you're asking me to sympathize with him, Brad, you're wasting your time.  There's only one person I'm sorry for, as a matter of fact.  That - that shabby little girl.  I'm really sorry for her, Brad.
He's paying for it, Emily.  Those returns tonight - he's finished. Politically -  - socially, everywhere, I guess. I don't know about the papers, but -
I know it is, Brad -
It's - all over -
Brad, I'm -  I'm not an old woman yet -
Emily, you -
Maybe I should have - the first time he showed me what a mad dog he really was.
I know that, Emily -
There aren't any personal lives for people like us.  He made that very clear to me nine years ago - If I'd thought of my life with Charles as a personal life, I'd have left him then -
Emily, you're being - a little unfair -  You know what I think of Charles' behavior - about your personal lives -
Why should anyone vote for him? He's made it quite clear to the people what he thinks of them. Children - to be told one thing one day, something else the next, as the whim seizes him.  And they're supposed to be grateful and love and adore him - because he sees to it that they get cheap ice and only pay a nickel in the street cars.
Emily!
I'm surprised he got the votes he did.
Almost two to one -
Chicago is pretty close to New York nowadays - only twenty hours -
I'm sorry I sent for you, Brad - I didn't -
Emily -
Hello, Brad -
Too late for what?  Too late for you and this -  this public thief to take the love of the people of this state away from me?  Well, you won't do it, I tell you.  You won't do it!
Charles, if you don't listen to reason, it may be too late -
Go on!  Get out!  I can fight this thing all alone!
You decided what you were going to do, Charles - some time ago.  You can't always have it your own way, regardless of anything else that may have happened.  Come on, Charles.
There's only one person in the world to decide what I'm going to do - and that's me.  And if you think - if any of you think -
No.
I don't think so.  Are you coming, Charles?
Oh yes, there is.
I'm not interested in the voters of this state right now.  I am interested in - well, Junior, for one thing.
I suppose so, but - I'm not afraid of the story.  You can't tell me that the voters of this state -
Charles, this - this story - doesn't concern only you.  I'll be in it, too, won't I?  And Junior?
Oh, they'll publish it all right. But that's not going to stop me -
I don't see what else you can do, Charles.  If he's right - and the papers publish this story he has -
You don't think I'm going to let this blackmailer intimidate me, do you?
You're a cheap, crooked grafter - and your concern for your children and your mother -
Oh!!
I'm going to -  - 185 West 74th Street.
I insist on being told exactly what you have in mind.
I intend to find out.
It may not be about anything at all.
What's this all about, Emily?  I've had a very tiring day and -
No, it can't.  Good night, darling.
It can wait.
There's a call I want you to make with me, Charles.
But I'd arranged to go home with you myself.
I'm sending Junior home in the car, Charles - with Oliver -
They won't hurt you, darling. Mother's with you!  Mother's looking after you!
Emily - you musn't leave me now - you can't do that to me.
Here I am, darling...  Darling!... Darling, it's all right...  Mother's here.
I've tried to tell you, Emily. The President's going to be all right.  He had a comfortable night. There's no danger of any kind.
Have they heard from father yet? Has he seen -
Please don't talk any more, Charles.
They won't do anything to Junior, darling.  Anonymous letter writers -   I've got guards in front of the house, and I'm going to arrange -
Charles.
What do you expect me to do?  What in the world -
Susan, don't go!  Susan, please!
Let's not start all over again, Charlie.  We've said everything that can be said.
Don't go, Susan.
Goodbye, Charlie.
You can't stop me.
I won't let you go.
- And left?  Of course they'll hear.  I'm not saying goodbye - except to you - but I never imagined that people wouldn't know.
Don't you realize that everybody here is going to know about this? That you've packed your bags and ordered the car and -
Yes.
No, you're not.
I'm going to leave you.
I'm not sorry.
Don't tell me you're sorry.
Susan, it seems to me -
You'll never have another chance to hit me again.  I never knew till this minute -
Love!  You don't love anybody!  Me or anybody else!  You want to be loved - that's all you want!  I'm Charles Foster Kane.  Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me!  Don't expect me to love you -
You're talking an incredible amount of nonsense, Susan.  Whatever I do -  I do - because I love you.
Susan!
Well, I'm not going to stop it.  I'm going to say exactly what I think.  You've never given me anything.  You've tried to buy me into giving you something.  You're -  - it's like you were bribing me!  That's what it's been from the first moment I met you.  No matter how much it cost you - your time, your money - that's what you've done with everybody you've ever known.  Tried to bribe them!
Susan, I want you to stop this. And right now!
Oh, I don't mean the things you've given me - that don't mean anything to you.  What's the difference between giving me a bracelet or giving somebody else a hundred thousand dollars for a statue you're going to keep crated up and never look at?  It's only money.  It doesn't mean anything. You're not really giving anything that belongs to you, that you care about.
Susan, I really think -
What you want me to want, you mean. What you've decided I ought to have - what you'd want if you were me. But you've never given me anything that -
As far as you're concerned, Susan, I've never wanted anything -  I don't want anything now - except what you want.
I'll discuss what's on my mind when I want to.  You're not going to keep on running my life the way you want it.
We can discuss all this some other time, Susan.  Right now -
I'm not just your wife, I'm a person all by myself - or I ought to be.  I was once.  Sometimes you get me to believing I never was.
You're my wife, Susan, and -
Oh, I'm sick and tired of you telling me what I must and what I musn't do!
I've got more than a right as far as you're concerned, Susan.
I'm not going to have my guests insulted, just because you think -  - if people want to bring a drink or two along on a picnic, that's their business.  You've got no right -
You're in a tent, darling.  You're not at home.  And I can hear you very well if you just talk in a normal tone of voice.
I mean it.  Oh, I know I always say I mean it, and then I don't - or you get me so I don't do what I say I'm going to - but -
Invite everybody!  Order everybody, you mean, and make them sleep in tents!  Who wants to sleep in tents when they have a nice room of their own - with their own bath, where they know where everything is?
I was referring to myself.  I thought we might have a picnic tomorrow - it might be a nice change after the Wild West party tonight.  Invite everybody to go to the Everglades -
It's not a habit.  I do it because I like it.
You may be right -  I sometimes wonder - but you get into the habit -
It makes a whole lot more sense than collecting Venuses.
Can't we go back, Charlie?
You always said you wanted to live in a palace.
Hurray for the bulldog!  Half past eleven!  The shows have just let out.  People are going to night clubs and restaurants.  Of course, we're different.  We live in a palace - at the end of the world.
Yes.  The bulldog's just gone to press.
At night?
Half past eleven.
I mean in New York.
Half past eleven.
Charlie!  I said, what time is it?
That's when you've got to fight them. That's when you've got to make them. That's -
I couldn't make you see how I felt, Charlie.  I just couldn't -  I couldn't go threw with singing again. You don't know what it means to feel - to know that people - that an audience don't want you.  That if you haven't got what they want - a real voice - they just don't care about you.  Even when they're polite - and they don't laugh or get restless or - you know... They don't want you.  They just 0
Then you have no alibi at all. Please sing.
Oh, no, that's all gone.
Don't tell me your toothache is bothering you again?
Well, I -
Yes, I would.  That's why I asked.
Oh, you wouldn't want to hear me sing.
Would you sing for me?
As a matter of fact, I do sing a little.
Yes -
Oh, no!  Nothing like that.  Mother always thought - she used to talk about Grand Opera for me.  Imagine! An American girl, for one thing - and then my voice isn't really that kind anyway, it's just that Mother - you know what mothers are like.
What happened to the singing? You're not in a show, are you?
I want to be a singer.  I mean, I didn't.  Mother did for me.
Is that what you want to do?
I work at Seligman's.
That's a ripe old age -  What do you do?
Pretty old.  I'll be twenty-two in August.
I didn't think you did.  If you had, I wouldn't have asked you again, because I'd have remembered. How old?
I didn't say.
How old did you say you were?
Oh, me -
Who am I?  Well, let's see.  Charles Foster Kane was born in New Salem, Colorado in eighteen six -  I run a couple of newspapers.  How about you?
I was only joking!  This evening I was on my way to the Western Manhattan Warehouses - in search of my youth.
I didn't run into you and I bet they're not your Sunday clothes. You've probably got a lot of clothes.
And I know too many people.  Obviously, we're both lonely.  Would you like to know where I was going tonight - when you ran into me and ruined my Sunday clothes?
You've been wonderful!  I can't tell you how glad I am you're here, I don't know many people and - 
But you like me, don't you?  Even though you don't know who I am?
No.  That is, I bet it turns out I've heard your name a million times, only you know how it is -
You really don't know who I am?
Excuse me, Mr. Kane.  I know this takes a lot of nerve, but - who are you?  I mean - I'm pretty ignorant, I guess you caught on to that -
You're getting farther away all the time.  It's a duck.
A rooster?
No.  But you're close.
A chicken?
I'll get these streets fixed, if it's the last thing I do.
I've got a brush in the closet.  As soon as the mud on your trousers is all dry - you just brush it off.
Thanks.
On the chiffonier.  Here.
Where's the towel?
I know...  But you do look so silly.
I can't stay here all night chasing your pain away.
Oh!
I always like to see the funny side of things.  No sense crying when you don't have to.  And you're so funny.  Looking at you, I forget all about my toothache.
You're very easily amused.
In the water.
Where's the soap?
No.  They've passed on.
I'm sorry.  They live here, too?
Hey, you should be more careful. That's my ma and pa.
Thanks.
If you want to come in and wash your face -  I can get you some hot water to get that dirt off your trousers -
You're no Venus de Milo.
Oh!
You are.  You look like you've been making mud pies.
What's funny now?
If these sidewalks were kept in condition - instead of the money going to some cheap grafter -
You've got some on your face.
Hmm!
Toothache.
What's the matter with you?
Ow!
What are you waiting here for? Why don't you go?
Charlie, please don't -
Get out, both of you!
I know exactly what I'm doing.  Get out!
Charlie, you're just excited.  You don't realize -
Charlie, he said, unless you withdrew your name -
You can't blackmail me, Rogers, you can't -
Rogers, I don't think I will postpone doing something about you until I'm elected.  To start with, I'll break your neck.
I can't tell you the things he said, Charlie.  You haven't got any idea -
Don't you worry about me.  I'm Charles Foster Kane.  I'm no cheap, crooked politician, trying to save himself from the consequences of his crimes -
You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane.  If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you.  Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson. 
I see! 
Get out!  I've got nothing to talk to you about.  If you want to see me, have the Warden write me a letter.
You're making a bigger fool of yourself than I thought you would, Mr. Kane.  You're licked.  Why don't you -
Mrs. Kane, I'm not asking you to believe me.  I'd like to show you -
You do anything you want to do. The people of this state can decide which one of us to trust.  If you want to know, they've already decided. The election Tuesday'll be only -
I'm going to be elected governor. And the first thing I'm going to do -
Anything you say, Mr. Kane.  Only we're talking now about what you are.  That's what the note is about, Mrs. Kane.  Now I'm going to lay all my cards on the table.  I'm fighting for my life.  Not just my political life.  My life.  If your husband is elected governor -
I'm not a gentleman, Mrs. Kane, and your husband is just trying to be funny calling me one.  I don't even know what a gentleman is.  You see, my idea of a gentleman, Mrs. Kane - well, if I owned a newspaper and if I didn't like the way somebody else was doing things - some politican, say - I'd fight them with everything I had.  Only I wouldn't show him in a convict suit, with stripes - so his children could see the picture in the paper.  Or his mother.  It's pretty clear - I'm not a gentleman.
In case you don't know, Emily, this - this gentleman -  is -
She doesn't know, Mrs. Kane.  She just sent it - because I made her see it wouldn't be smart for her not to send it.
You've made your point perfectly clear, Mr. Kane.  Good day.
I'm much obliged, Mr. President, for your concern about me.  However, I happen to be concerned at this moment with the matter of extensive oil lands belonging to the people of the United States, and I say that if this lease goes through, the property of the people of the United States goes into the hands of -
I understand that you have political ambitions.  Unfortunately, you seem incapable of allowing any other opinion but your own -
Thanks.
I know the facts, Mr. Kane.  And I happen to have the incredible insolence to differ with you as to what they mean.  You're a man of great talents, Mr. Kane.
It's the only vein I know.  I tell the facts the way I see them.  And any man that knows that facts -
I must refuse to allow you to continue in this vein, Mr. Kane.
I'm not suggesting anything, Mr. President!  I've come here to tell you that, unless some action is taken promptly - and you are the only one who can take it - the oil that is the property of the people of this country will be turned over for a song to a gang of high-pressure crooks!
It is the unanimous opinion of my Cabinent - in which I concur - that the proposed leases are in the best interests of the Governement and the people.  You are not, I hope, suggesting that these interests are not indentical?
You can't.
Mr. Kane, how can I persuade you -
If you're interested in what people say, Signor Matisti, I may be able to enlighten you a bit.  The newspapers, for instance.  I'm an authority on what the papers will say, Signor Matisti, because I own eight of them between here and San Francisco...  It's all right, dear. Signor Matisti is going to listen to reason.  Aren't you, maestro? 
But, it is impossible.  I will be the laughingstock of the musical world!  People will say -
Your job isn't to give Mrs. Kane your opinion of her talents. You're supposed to train her voice. Nothing more.
Impossible!  Impossible!
You're right.  We did lose a million dollars last year.
I happened to see your consolidated statement yesterday, Charles.  Could I not suggest to you that it is unwise for you to continue this philanthropic enterprise -  this Enquirer - that is costing you one million dollars a year?
On the other hand -  I am the publisher of the Enquirer. As such, it is my duty - I'll let you in on a little secret, it is also my pleasure - to see to it that decent, hard-working people of this city are not robbed blind by a group of money- mad pirates because, God help them, they have no one to look after their interests!  I'll let you in on another little secret, Mr. Thatcher.  I think I'm the man to do it.  You see, I have money and property -
Charles, my time is too valuable for me -
As Charles Foster Kane, who has 			eighty- two thousand, six hundred and thirty-one shares of Metropolitan Transfer - you see, I do have a rough idea of my holdings - I sympathize with you.  Charles Foster Kane is a dangerous scoundrel, his paper should be run out of town and a committee should be formed to boycott him.  You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of one thousand dollars.
The trouble is, Mr. Thatcher, you don't realize you're talking to two people.
They're all part of your general attack - your senseless attack - on everything and everybody who's got more than ten cents in his pocket. They're -
Mr. Thatcher, isn't everything I've been saying in the Enquirer about the traction trust absolutely true?
Won't you step into my office, Mr. Thatcher?
I came to see you, Charles, about your - about the Enquirer's campaign against the Metropolitan Transfer Company.
I think we'll have to send our friend Wheeler a cable, Mr. Bernstein.  Of course, we'll have to make it shorter than his, because he's working on an expense account and we're not.  Let me see -  Mike!
You see!  There hasn't been a true word -
Can you prove it isn't?
"Enemy Armada Off Jersey Coast."  You know you haven't the slightest proof that this - this armada - is off the Jersey Coast.
I don't know how to run a newspaper, Mr. Thatcher.  I just try everything I can think of.
Is that really your idea of how to run a newspaper?
Where'm I going?
Your mother won't be going right away, Charles -
You goin', Mom?
I didn't used to be afraid of it.
No, I don't, Mr. Kane.
He was dead...  That's a poem.  Do you know what it means?
How did you get him to part with it, Mr. Kane?
Persia.  It belonged to a king.
It's a wall you bought in China, Mr. Kane.
Do you know what that is?
Oh, yes, sir.
Not my wife - not either of them.
Yes, Mr. Kane.
Mrs. Kane liked poetry -
Can't say, sir.
Do you like poetry, Raymond?
Yes, sir -
Raymond - 
Lock it - and keep it locked.
Yes, sir. 
Close the door, Raymond.
Marie has been packing since morning, Mr. Kane.
Is Mrs. Kane - 
All right.
Mrs. Kane would like to see you, Mr. Kane.
Yes, sir.
Get Dr. Corey.
Hello, Charlie -  I didn't know we were speaking.
Hello, Brad.
I couldn't possibly live on as little as that, Charlie.  We'll let the salary stay where it is.
Well, you've been getting a pretty low salary here in New York.  It seems to me that the new dramatic critic of our Chicago paper should get what he's worth. 
Yes.
You still want to be transferred to the other paper?
Hey, Brad!  I've been analyzed an awful lot tonight - let's have another brandy.
I know you will.
She can leave me.  As a matter of fact, I've already left her.  Don't worry, Brad - I'll live.
It's simpler than that, Brad.  A society girl can't stand the gaff, that's all.  Other things are important to her - social position, what they're saying on the front porches at Southampton, is it going to be embarrassing to meet somebody or the other at dinner -
You want love on your own terms, don't you, Charlie -  Love according to your own rules. And if anything goes wrong and you're hurt - then the game stops, and you've got to be soothed and nursed, no matter what else is happening - and no matter who else is hurt!
Nothing - if she dosen't love me -
That's all right.  What are you going to do about Emily?
You're not going to like it in Chicago.  They wind comes howling in from the lake.  And there's practically no opera season at all - and the Lord only knows whether they've ever heard of Lobster Newburg -
Yes.  Now, will you let me go to Chicago?
Are you finished?
You talk about the people of the United States as though they belonged to you.  When you find out they don't think they are, you'll lose interest.  You talk about giving them their rights as though you could make a present of liberty. Remember the working man?  You used to defend him quite a good deal. Well, he's turning into something called organized labor and you don't like that at all.  And listen, when your precious underprivileged really get together - that's going to add up to something bigger than - than your privilege and then I don't know what you'll do - sail away to a desert island, probably, and lord it over the monkeys.
You almost convince me.  I'm just drunk enough to tell you the truth.  I have to be a little drunk for that because I'm a coward.  You know that.  That's why you keep me around.  You only associate with your inferiors, Charlie.  I guess that's why you ran away from Emily.  Because you can't stand the company of your equals.  You don't like to admit they exist - the other big people in your world are dead. I told you that.
The personal note is all there is to it.  It's all there ever is to it.  It's all there every is to anything!  Stupidity in our government, complacency and self-satisfaction and unwillingness to believe that anything done by a certain class of people can be wrong - you can't fight those things impersonally. They're not impersonal crimes against people.  They're being done by actual persons - with actual names and positions and - the right of the American people to own their own country is not an academic issue, Brad, that you debate - and then the judges retire to return a verdict and the winners give a dinner for the losers.
There's no reason why this - this savage personal note -
You might have made the whole thing less personal!
Do you think the "Enquirer" shouldn't have campaigned against the oil leases?
She hasn't any friends left sine you started this oil business, and she never sees you.
Why is she leaving me?
Sure I am.  She wants full custody of the child no matter what happens. If you won't agree to that, she'll apply for a divorce regardless of the President's wishes.  I can't tell her she's wrong, because she isn't wrong -
Brad, you are drunk.
Emily's going south next week with the child.  As far as anybody's to know, it's a holiday.  When they get back -
She was going to leave you anyway -
I don't think so, Brad.  We've just had word that the President is out of danger.  It seems I didn't kill him after all.
She's going to leave you -
All right.
No, that won't help.  Besides, you never get drunk.  I wanted to talk about you and Emily.
I'll tell you what I'll do, Brad - I'll get drunk, too - maybe that'll help.
I want to be transferred to the new paper.  You've been saying yourself you wish you had somebody to -  That's not what I wanted to talk about.
Why, Brad?
Charlie, it's just no go.  We can't agree anymore.  I wish you'd let me go to Chicago.
That's just a little promotion scheme. Nobody expects you -  Mike, will you try and get Mr. Leland some coffee?
First of all, I will not write a good review of a play because somebody paid a thousand dollars for an advertisement in the "Enquirer."
I'll get you some coffee.
I'm drunk.
What's wrong, Brad?
First of all - 
Go ahead.
I'd like to talk to you about that.
I've got to think of Emily -
What?
I don't have to.  I run a newspaper with half a million readers and they're getting a martyred president this morning with their breakfast. I can't help that.  Besides, they all know I'm married to his niece.  I've got to think of her.
Charlie!  Now you're not making sense.
What lesson?  Not to expose fraud when I see it?  Not to fight for the right of the people to own their own property?  Run it the way I said, Reilly - "This afternoon a great man was assassinated -"
There are the people of the United States, and they are blaming you - Oh, I know it doesn't make any sense, but at least you can learn a lesson from it.
Look out that window.
Oil belonging to the people of the United States was leased out for a song to a gang of high-pressure crooks -  Nobody can blame me because -
Charlie!
They're true!  Everything I said! Witholding that veto was treason!
You've said a lot of things about the President in the last few months.
I said treason was a capital offense punishable by death -
- and that copy of the "Enquirer" said the President should be killed.
Because the crackpot who did it had a copy of the "Enquirer" in his pocket?
Yesterday morning you called the President a traitor.  What do you think that crowd is doing down there?  They think you murdered him.
What do you mean by that?
Why not?  Well - nobody's a great man in your estimation until he's dead.
Why not?
Do you think you're the one who should call him a great man?
Yes?
Charlie -
Take dictation -  Front page editorial -  "This afternoon a great man was assassinated.  He was the President of the United States -"
You're wrong.  It does make a difference to you -  Rector's, Brad?  Come to think of it, I don't blame you for not wanting to be a war correspondent.  You won't miss anything.  It isn't much of a war. Besides, they tell me there isn't a decent restaurant on the whole island.
It doesn't make any difference about me, but one of these days you're going to find out that all this charm of yours won't be enough -
Yes?
Charlie -
You start tomorrow night.  Richard Carl in "The Spring Chicken."  I'll get us some girls.  You get tickets.  A drama critic gets them free, you know.  Rector's at seven?
I'd like that.
You don't want to be a war correspondent - how about being a dramatic critic?
Good.
I mean I've got a job for you.
Yes?
Say, Brad.  I've got an idea.
And I do it because they do it, and they do it - it's a vicious circle, isn't it?  I'm going over to Georgie's, Brad - you know, Georgie, don't you?
They do it only because you do!
How would the "Enquirer" look with no news about this non-existent war - with Benton, Pulitzer and Heart devoting twenty columns a day to it?
Charles, I tell you there is no war! There's a condition that should be remedied - but between that and a -
All right, Brad, all right - you don't have to be a war correspondent unless you want to - I'd want to.  Hello, Georgie.
But there is no Front, Charlie. There's a very doubtful civil war. Besides, I don't want the job.
It'll be our first foreign war in fifty years, Brad.  We'll cover it the way the "Hickville Gazette" covers the church social!  The names of everybody there; what they wore; what they ate; who won the prizes; who gave the prizes -  I tell you, Brad, I envy you.  By Bradford Leland, the "Enquirer's" Special Correspondent at the Front. I'm almost tempted -
Our readers are, anyway, I don't know about the rest of the country.
Well, gentlemen, are we going to war?
It's a good idea for a newspaper.  Four hundred sixy thousand.
The "Chronicle" is a good newspaper.
People are going to know who's responsible.  And they're going to get the news - the true news - quickly and simply and entertainingly.  And no special interests will be allowed to interfere with the truth of that news.
That's the second sentence you've started with "I" -
What're you going to do, Charlie?
I've changed the front page a little, Mr. Bernstein.  That's not enough - There's something I've got to get into this paper besides pictures and print -  I've got to make the "New York Enquirer" as important to New York as the gas in that light.
A wasted day.
It's been a tough day.
Tired?
What makes those fellows think that a newspaper is something rigid, something inflexible, that people are supposed to pay two cents for -
Poor Mr. Carter!
I think it's beginning to dawn on Mr. Rogers that I mean what I say. With Mr. Rogers out of the way, Reilly, I think we may really begin to hope for a good government in this state.  Well, Mr. Bernstein?
Rogers isn't even pretending.  He isn't just scared anymore.  He's sick.  Frank Norris told me last night he hasn't known Rogers to be that worried in twenty-five years.
It does seem too good to be true, doesn't it, Mr. Bernstein?
It was for twenty-five thousand dollars.
Oh, yes, the bonus.
You made it out to him last week after he left for Chicago.
What check?
Mr. Leland sent back that check.
We'll withdraw support completely. Anything else?
What do you mean by that?
Maybe we'd better wait for more word on the President's condition.
Yes.
That's what you think, is it, Jim?
Sorry, Mr. Thatcher!  What the kid needs is a good thrashing!
You won't be lonely, Charles...
You're going to live with Mr. Thatcher from now on, Charlie!  You're going to be rich.  Your Ma figures - that is, er - she and I have decided that this isn't the place for you to grow up in. You'll probably be the richest man in America someday and you ought to -
That's the train with all the lights.
Mr. Thatcher is going to take you on a trip with him tonight, Charles. You'll be leaving on Number Ten.
It is.  Go on, Mr. Thatcher -
Well, let's hope it's all for the best.
If I want to, I can go to court. A father has a right to -
It's going to be done exactly the way I've told Mr. Thatcher -
You people seem to forget that I'm the boy's father.
I'll sign those papers -
Hey, Nurse!
Sure, Mr. Leland.  I'll be glad to.
On your way out, stop at a cigar store, will you, and send me up a couple of cigars?
Sure.
I don't know.  He was disappointed in the world.  So he built one of his own -  An absolute monarchy -  It was something bigger than an opera house anyway -  Nurse!  Say, I'll tell you one thing you can do for me, young fellow.
That must have been love.
I guess maybe I'm not as hard to see through as I think.  Anyway, I never even answered his letter. Maybe I should have.  I guess he was pretty lonely down there those last years.  He hadn't finished it when she left him - he never finished it - he never finished anything.  Of course, he built it for her -
Yes.
Well, that's about all there is - and I'm getting chills.  Hey, nurse!  Five years ago, he wrote from that place of his down South -  - you know.  Shangri-la?  El Dorado?  Sloppy Joe's?  What's the name of that place?  You know...  All right. Xanadu.  I knew what it was all the time.  You caught on, didn't you?
He married for love -  That's why he did everything.  That's why he went into politics.  It seems we weren't enough.  He wanted all the voters to love him, too.  All he really wanted out of life was love. That's Charlie's story - it's the story of how he lost it.  You see, he just didn't have any to give.  He loved Charlie Kane, of course, very dearly - and his mother, I guess he always loved her.  As for Emily - well, all I can tell you is Emily's story as she told it to me, which probably isn't fair - there's supposed to be two sides to every story - and I guess there are.  I guess there's more than two sides -
Was he in love?
Brief marriage!  Ten years! 
I am in receipt of your favor of yesterday.  I beg you to do me the courtesy of accepting my assurance that Mrs. Whitehall cannot be induced to contribute any more information on the career of Charles Foster Kane. She has authorized me to state on previous occasions that she regards their brief marriage as a distateful episode in her life that she prefers to forget.  With assurances of the highest esteem -
He knows the first Mrs. Kane socially -  That's the answer we got.
Oh, yes.  I know about Mr. Rawlston.
Rawlston is my boss.
David, Grobleski & Davis -  My dear Rawlston - 
It's a letter from her lawyers.
What's this?
I can remember everything.  That's my curse, young man.  It's the greatest curse that's ever been inflicted on the human race.  Memory -  I was his oldest friend.  As far as I was concerned, he behaved like swine.  Maybe I wasnt' his friend.  If I wasn't, he never had one.  Maybe I was what nowadays you call a stooge -
Maybe you could remember something that -
Never mind -  Bernstein told you about the first days at the office, didn't he?  Well, Charlie was a bad newspaper man even then.  He entertained his readers, but he never told them the truth.
Sorry, Mr. Leland.
You don't happen to have a cigar, do you?  I've got a young physician - must remember to ask to see his license - the odds are a hundred to one he hasn't got one - who thinks I'm going to stop smoking...  I changed the subject, didn't I?  Dear, dear!  What a disagreeable old man I've become.  You want to know what I think of Charlie Kane?  Well - I suppose he has some private sort of greatness. But he kept it to himself.  He never - gave himself away -  He never gave anything away.  He just - left you a tip.  He had a generous mind.  I don't suppose anybody ever had so many opinions.  That was because he had the power to express them, and Charlie lived on power and the excitement of using it -  But he didn't believe in anything except Charlie Kane.  He never had a conviction in his life.  I guess he died without one -  That must have been pretty unpleasant.  Of course, a lot of us check out with no special conviction about death.  But we do know what we're leaving ... we believe in something.  You're absolutely sure you haven't got a cigar?
Mr. Leland, you were -
How do you do, Charles?
This is Mr. Thatcher, Charles.
Charles, my name is Mr. Thatcher -
Right here, Mrs. Kane.
Where do I sign, Mr. Thatcher?
We will assume full management of the Colorado Lode - of which you, Mrs. Kane, are the sole owner.
I want you to stop all this nonsense, Jim.
The Bank's decision in all matters concerning his education, his place of residence and similar subjects will be final. 
I want you to stop all this nonsense, Jim.
Kane's last words, aren't they, Jerry?  That was Jerry's angle, wasn't it, Jerry? Did you ever find out what it means, Jerry?
Turn that thing off, will you?  It's driving me nuts!  What's Rosebud?
Or Rosebud?  How about it, Jerry?
I wonder -  You put all this together - the palaces and the paintings and the toys and everything - what would it spell?
Anything and everything - he was a regular crow.
I wonder how they put all those pieces together?
There's a part of a Scotch castle over there, but we haven't bothered to unwrap it.
Yeah, all in crates.
Good!
I'll get to it right away, Mr. Rawlston.
Nothing is ever better than finding out what makes people tick.  Go after the people that knew Kane well.  That manager of his - the little guy, Bernstein, those two wives, all the people who knew him, had worked for him, who loved him, who hated his guts -  I don't mean go through the City Directory, of course -
But don't you think if we release it now - he's only been dead four days - it might be better than if -
Hold this thing up for a week.  Two weeks if you have to...
Yes, sir.
Thompson!
All we saw on that screen was a big American -
I know, but -
Ask the question anyway, Thompson! Build the picture around the question, even if you can't answer it.
Yes, and maybe he didn't.
Oh, I don't know.  They'll clear all right.
The banks are out of luck, eh?
Millions - if anybody wants it.
What do you think all that is worth, Mr. Thompson?
We're leaving tonight.  As soon as they're through photographing the stuff -
You can go on asking questions if you want to.
See what I mean?  He was a little gone in the head - the last couple of years, anyway - but I knew how to handle him.  That "Rosebud" - that don't mean anything.  I heard him say it. He just said "Rosebud" and then he dropped that glass ball and it broke on the floor.  He didn't say anything about that, so I knew he was dead - He said all kind of things I couldn't make out.  But I knew how to take care of him.
Well, thanks a lot.
Yes and no.
Sentimental fellow, aren't you?
That's the whole works, right up to date.
Yeah.  I guess he wasn't very happy those last years - he didn't have much reason to be -
Queer?
Yes, sir - yes, sir, I knew how to handle the old man.  He was kind of queer, but I knew how to handle him.
I know.  If you're smart, you'll talk to Raymond.  That's the butler. You can learn a lot from him.  He knows where the bodies are buried.
Monday, with some of the boys from the office.  Mr. Rawlston wants the whole place photographed carefully - all that art stuff.  We run a picture magazine, you know -
Don't you think I do?  You say you're going down to Xanadu?
I feel kind of sorry for him, all the same -
They haven't been tough on me.  I just lost my money.  But when I compare these last ten years with the twenty I spent with him -
The last ten years have been tough on a lot of people.
In case you've never heard of how I lost all my money - and it was plenty, believe me -
He wanted me to be comfortable - Oh, why should I bother?  You don't believe me, but it's true.  It just happens to be true.  He was really interested in my voice.  What are you smiling for?  What do you think he built that opera house for?  I didn't want it.  I didn't want to sing.  It was his idea - everything was his idea - except my leaving him.
What about that apartment?
He was in love with me.  But he never told me so until after it all came out in the papers about us - and he lost the election and that Norton woman divorced him.
He married you, didn't he?
I didn't get a thing.  Just the music lessons.  That's all there was to it.
What do you mean?
What did you get?
I did a lot of singing after that. I sang for Charlie -  I sang for teachers at a hundred bucks an hour - the teachers got that, I didn't -
I had a toothache.
How did you meet him?
You wouldn't want to hear a lot of what comes into my mind about myself and Mr. Charlie Kane.
I'd rather you just talked.  Anything that comes into your mind - about yourself and Mr. Kane.
How do you want to handle the whole thing - ask questions?
Get out of here!  Get out!  Get out!
If you'd just let me talk to you for a little while, Miss Alexander. All I want to ask you...
Why don't you people let me alone? I'm minding my own business.  You mind yours.
Think again!
Oh!  I thought maybe we could have a drink together?
Who told you you could sit down here?
Rosebud?
I'll come down in a week or so and see her again.  Say, you might be able to help me.  When she used to talk about Kane - did she ever happen to say anything - about Rosebud?
She'll snap out of it.  Why, until he died, she'd just as soon talk about Mr. Kane as about anybody.  Sooner.
She's plastered, isn't she?
I'm not from a newspaper exactly, I -
She's just not talking to anybody from the newspapers, Mr. Thompson.
I'll have a highball.
Right away.  Will you have something, Mr. Thompson?
This? How long have you been smoking?
Pack of cigarettes.  What's that?
I'll just take the gum.
It's a picture of a cancer-ridden lung. Keep it.
Jesus!
It's cheaper than cigarettes. And it certainly beats this.
It's not the same.
It's never too late. Give those cigarettes back now, and buy some gum instead.  Here. Chewlies Gum. Try this.
Well, if it's already too late...
He smoked until the day he died. Used to put the cigarette in this thing and smoke it that way.
Unnhh!
It's a trach ring. It's what they install in your throat when throat cancer takes your voice box. This one came out of a sixty-year-old man.
What's this?
You think I'm shitting you...
You're shittin' me.
That's your lung. By this time, your lung looks like this.
What the hell is that?
I'd say you're about nineteen, twenty, am I right?
What is this, a poll?
How long have you been smoking?
Are you serious?
Do you really want to buy those cigarettes?
Am I sure about what?
Are you sure?
Am I sure?
Are you sure?
The ones in this town, yes! You encourage their growth, their habit. You're the source in this area, and we're going to shut you down for good! For good, cancer-merchant!
Like I'm responsible for all the smokers!
What better place than this? To stamp it out, you gotta start at the source!
Yeah, but not in here.
We're not moving! We have a right, a constitutional right, to assemble and be heard!
That's it, everybody out.
You're the disturbance, pal! And here...  I'm buying some... what's this?... Chewlie's Gum. There. I'm no longer loitering. I'm a customer, a customer engaged in a discussion with other customers.
You're loitering in here, and causing a disturbance.
You want me to leave? Why? Because somebody is telling it like it is? Somebody's giving these fine people a wake-up call?!
I think you'd better leave now.
Now he's going to launch into his rap about how he's just doing his job; following orders.  Friends, let me tell you about another bunch of hate mongers that were just following orders: they were called Nazis, and they practically wiped a nation of people from the Earth... just like cigarettes are doing now! Cigarette smoking is the new Holocaust, and those that partake in the practice of smoking or sell the wares that promote it are the Nazis of the nineties! He doesn't care how many people die from it! He smiles as you pay for your cancer sticks and says, "Have a nice day."
Hey, now wait a sec...
Okay. I'm sorry about that.
If you're going to drink it in here, I'd appreciate it if you'd not bother the customers.
No, I think I'll drink it in here, thanks.
Maybe you should take that coffee outside.
You've made a wise choice. Keep up the good work.
Fifty-five.
This is where you're heading. A cruddy lung, smoking through a hole in your throat. Do you really want that?
Excuse me, but...
How long have you been a smoker?
Beats me.
Sure. Go ahead.
Do you mind if I drink this here?
Thanks. Have a good one.
No, don't!
Why?
I feel nauseous.
Nobody! I swear!
You two better quit it.
I was here the whole time.
You dog! I didn't see you go back there.
It was so cool. He didn't say a word. He was just... ready, you know?  And we didn't kiss or talk or anything. He just sat there and let me do all the work.
He was?
I went back there, and Dante was already waiting for me.
Am I missing something here?
Awww. That was so cute.
Territoriality. He was mine first.
You're very protective of him, Randal. You always have been.
Hey Caitlin...  Break his heart again this time, and I'll kill you. Nothing personal.
I'll try to manage.
And I'm caught in the middle-torn between my loyalty for the boss, and my desire to piss with the light on.
Such a sordid state of affair.
Nobody can figure it out. And the boss doesn't want to pay the electrician to fix it, because the electrician owes money to the video store.
You're kidding.
Well, there are, but for some reason they stop working at five-fourteen every night.
Why aren't there any lights?
There's no light back there.
Can I use the bathroom?
No, this is great.
God, isn't he great?
He went home to change for the big date.
So where is he?
Exactly.
Dick.
Wow. Hey, I was just about to order some dinner. You eat Chinese, right?
A woman's intuition. Something in me says it's time to give the old boy a serious try.
Few are. So what makes you think you can maintain a relationship with Dante this time around?
You might be let down. I'm not a hermaphrodite.
Can I join in?
You can hold me down.
Can I watch?
What can I say? He does weird things to me.
Wow, you got thrown out? For Dante?
She said not to come home until graduation.
Children's programming. What did your mom say when you told her you weren't engaged anymore?
You'd think she was marrying him. What are you watching?
I take it she likes the guy.
You saw that article? God, isn't it awful? My mother sent that in.
Ladies and gentleman, Mrs. Asian Design Major herself: Caitlin Bree!
Randal Graves-scourge of the video renter.
Oh God...
There's a strange man in our bathroom, and he just raped Caitlin!
Call the police.
I can't believe this! I feel faint...
I didn't just fuck myself! Jesus, I'm going to be sick!
Are you sure somebody was back there?
I'm not fooling around!  Who went back there?
This isn't fucking funny, Dante!
I'm not kidding. I just got back from outside.
Stop this. This isn't funny.
No.
We didn't just have sex in the bathroom?
I'm serious.
Was it you?
Yeah, right. Who was it: Randal?
It wasn't me.
And the fact that there weren't any lights made it so...  God! That was so great!
Um... okay.
When you just lie perfectly still and let me do everything.
Like what?
Promise me it'll always be like that.
Do you always talk weird after you violate women?
I left like an hour ago.
How'd you get here so fast?
I'm easy, but I'm not that easy.  See you later, handsome.
What happened to the walk and the nakedness?
Well, me I guess.  So, I shall take my leave of you, but I will return in a little while, at which time-yes-I would love to go for dinner and a movie with you.
Who doesn't?
You're too responsible. But no. I have to go home first. They don't even know I left school. And I should break the disengagement news to my mother, which is going to cause quite a row, considering she loves Sang.
He went to rent a movie, but he hasn't gotten back yet. Ah, screw it; I'll just lock the store up and leave him a note.
Where'd he go?  I'd have thought he'd be at your side, like an obedient lapdog.
I'll ask Randal to close up for me when he gets back.
I can already tell this isn't going to work.
I'm just kidding.
You're such an asshole.
So what are you saying?
I offer you my body and you offer me semantics? He's just a boyfriend, Dante, and in case you haven't gotten the drift of why I came all the way here from Ohio, I'm about to become single again.  And yes-let me placate your ego-you are the inspiration for this bold and momentous decision, for which I'll probably be ostracized at both school and home. You ask me who I choose, I choose you.
He's your fianc.
He's not invited.
Sang.
Sang.
What about Sing?
Jerk. Here I am, throwing myself at you, succumbing to your wily charms, and you call me a slut, in so many words.
I hear that's a rather popular date.
How about the Caitlin Bree Walk on the Boardwalk, Then Get Naked Somewhere Kind of Private Date?
You have a better suggestion?
The Dante Hicks Dinner and a Movie Date. I think I've been on that one before.
Yes. A real date. Dinner and a movie.
You mean, on a date?
Let me take you out tonight.
I don't know. Maybe we should just see what happens.
So... what? So we should just make pretend over the phone that we're dating?
The key word here is talk, Dante. I think the idea, the conception of us dating is more idyllic than what actually happens when we date.
Cute. Tell me you wouldn't want to go out again. After all the talking we've been doing.
You work in a market, all right.
Give me a bit more credit. I think it's time we got back together, you know. I'm more mature, you're more mature, you're finishing college, I'm already in the job market...
It's just the shock of seeing me after three years. Believe me, you'll get over it.
I would like to be your boyfriend, yes.
You're serious. You want to date again.
We could introduce them. They might hit it off.
I'm sure Sang and-Veronica?-would like that.
But can we date?
Good. Stay in that frame of mind.
So who's asking? I don't want to marry you.
I had to bring you down from that cloud you were floating on. When I say I don't want to get married, I mean just that. I don't want to marry anybody. Not for years.
Jesus, you're caustic.
If I'm so nuts about you, then why am I having sex with an Asian design major?
I just believe in giving credit where credit is due. And I believe that I'm the impetus behind your failure to wed.
Look how full of yourself you are.
You lie.
You don't have anything to do with it.
Tell me I don't have something to do with it.
Why, Mr. Hicks-whatever do you mean?
There's more, isn't there?
I just told you.
If he's so nice, why aren't you going to marry him?
Stop it. He's a nice guy.
Sang? His name is a past tense?
I don't want to marry him. I don't want to get married now. I'm on the verge of graduation. I want to go to grad school after this. And then I want to start a career. I don't want to be a wife first, and then have to worry about when I'm going to fit in all of the other stuff.  I've come way too far and studied too hard to let my education go to waste as a housewife. And I know that's what I'd become. Sang's already signed with a major firm, and he's going to be pulling a huge salary, which would give me no reason to work, and he's so traditional anyway...
What?
I'm giving him his ring back.
Yeah, but not seriously. Christ, you're ready to walk down the aisle- I'd say that constitutes something more than just seeing somebody.
No, I wasn't. Not really. I told you'd I'd been seeing other people.
But you were.
The last thing I needed was for you to think I was hiding something from you.
And you came here to what? To comfort me?
I love a macho faade. It's such a turn-on.  What smells like shoe polish?
Wreck is a harsh term. Disturbed is more like it. Mildly disturbed even.
Was I right?
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
Then my mother called me this morning and told me the announcement was in the paper. That's when I hopped the train to come back here, because I knew you'd be a wreck.
How like her.
The story goes like this: He proposed, and I told him I had to think about it, and he insisted I wear the ring anyway. Then my mother told the paper we were engaged.
No, you're not really getting married?
No.
So you're really getting married?
Because I know you. You prefer drastic measures to rational ones.
How do you know that?
I would've told you, and you would have stopped calling, like a baby.
Is that what they teach you at that school of yours? Kind of, sort of? Everyone knows about this except me! Do you know how humiliating that is?
Well... kind of, sort of?
And you said yes?
I know, I'm sorry. But when we started talking... it's like I forgot I had a boyfriend. And then he proposed last month...
You could've broke it to me gently, you know; at least started by telling me you had a boyfriend. I told you I have a girlfriend.
I was going to tell you. But then we were getting along so well, I didn't want to mess it up.
Were you going to tell me or just send me an invitation?
I'm not pregnant.
What, it's worse? You're pregnant with an Asian design major's child?
It's not what you think.
Very dramatic, I thought.
You saw it?
I want to talk to you about something, and I don't want to be disturbed.
You're just going to lock the store like that?
I can't believe you're here.
Train. It took eight hours.
Let's not talk about that. How'd you get home?
I just saw Alyssa's little sister outside. She was with Rick Derris.
Dante. You've got a customer.
My God. I haven't seen you since... 
Just now.
When did you get back?
She thought it was me.
Shock trauma. She's going to need years of therapy after this. My question is, How did she come to have sex with the dead man?
What about Caitlin?
I can't say for certain until we get him back to the lab, but my guess is he was masturbating, his heart seized and he died. That's when the girl found him.  Something smells like shoe polish.
Well he asked me for it!
No. I place the time of death at about three-twenty.
Was he alive when... Caitlin...
Everything happened at once. I guess I forgot he was back there.
With this guy locked in?
Nobody. It was closed.
Then who operated the store?
We did.
I thought you just said you played hockey and went to a funeral.
Just me.
Wait a second? Who was working here today?
Um... I don't know.  What time did hockey end?
What time was this?
I don't know. He just came in and asked to use the bathroom.
So I'm told.
Pack of cigarettes.  Congratulations. I saw that announcement in today's paper.  She's marrying an Asian design major.
To the back, above the oil.  How long are you staying?
Excuse me, do you have...
This is the last time I ever come here.  And if I ever see you again, I'm gonna break your fucking head open!
I know. I'm sorry. Let me refund your cigarette money, and we'll call it even.
Well, he missed!
Sir! Sir, I'm sorry! He didn't mean it! He was trying to get me.
I'M GONNA BREAK YOUR FUCKING HEAD! YOU FUCKING JERKOFF!
They certainly do. Two fifty-five.
"Space Alien Revealed as Head of Time Warner; Reports Stock Increase."  They print any kind of shit in these papers.
My point is that you're a clerk, paid to do a job. You can't just do anything you want while you're working.
Yes.
Are you open?
Give me a stick, pretty boy! I'll knock your fucking teeth out and pass all over your ass.
That's easy to say from over here.
I can whip your ass.
Like you're better!
I'll assess all I want!
Who are you to make assessments?
How 'bout covering point!? You suck!
I can pass!
Fuck in a second! This is... Look at you! You can't even pass!
In a second!
What the fuck is this?! I want some service!
Fuck that! I'm gonna break my crazy neck on this ladder!
If you can just wait a few more minutes.
Well, I don't know if sorry can make up for it. I found your remarks highly offensive.
We're sorry, ma'am. We got a little carried away.
Using filthy language in front of the customers... you should both get fired.
Excuse me?
This is the last time I come to this place.
Pack of cigarettes.
Yeah.
Are you open?
Oooh! Navy Seals!
What am I worried about?  He'll probably be glad I started the ball rolling. All he ever did was complain about her anyway. I'm just looking out for his best interests.  I mean, that's what a friend does, am I right? I did him a favor.
Yeah.
You open?
Peptic ulcer.
Cute cat. What's his name.
So I'm no more responsible for my own decisions while I'm here at work than, say, the Death Squad soldiers in Bosnia?
I saw one, one time, that said the world was ending the next week. Then in the next week's paper, they said we were miraculously saved at the zero hour by a Koala-fish mutant bird. Crazy shit.
What's your point?
Pack of cigarettes.
Annoying Customer.
Pack of cigarettes.  Cute cat. What's its name?
Are you open?
I work in a shitty video store. I want to go to a good video store so I can rent a good movie.
Lenin's Tomb.
Awww, he's so cute. What's his name?
Hey, neither did ET; but that was a great movie, right?
This doesn't even have Burt Reynolds in it.
All right, now if you're really feeling dangerous tonight, then Smokey and the Bandit Three is the movie you must rent.
We get... what... twelve minutes of game, and it's over? Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!!  I'm not even supposed to be here today!
Shit!
I thought Redding had like three balls!
You only brought one ball?!
Hey man, I hear Caitlin's marrying an Asian drum major.
All right. Jesus, you fuckers are pushy.
What responsibility? You're closing the fucking store to play hockey.
I've got a responsibility here. I can't let everybody grab free drinks.
What do you care? Hey, what smells like shoe polish?
So? So nobody's going to want to pay for these Gatorades.
So?
If you grab a Gatorade, then everybody's going to grab one.
Dante, let me grab a Gatorade.
I'm gone. I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Get the fuck outta here already.
Do you need a hug or something? 'Cause I would have no hang-ups about hugging you... you know, you being a guy and all. Just don't knead my ass when you do it.
To say the least.
Helluva day.
No thanks. I'll take care of it. We've got a lot of shit to talk about.
All right. Good luck with Veronica. If you want, I can talk to her, you know, and explain...
I'll call you. Let you know.
You wanna grab something to eat tomorrow night... after I get out of here?
I'm calling out. Going to hit the hospital-see how Caitlin is. Then try to see Veronica.
Same time. What about you?
Do you work tomorrow?
Got one. Just pulled up.
You need a ride?
I threw out the stuff that got broken. The floor looks clean.
Fuck you. Fuck you, pal. Listen to you trying to pass the buck again. I'm the source of all your misery. Who closed the store to play hockey? Who closed the store to attend a wake? Who tried to win back an ex- girlfriend without even discussing how he felt with his present one? You wanna blame somebody, blame yourself.  "I'm not even supposed to be here today."  You sound like an asshole. Whose choice was it to be here today? Nobody twisted your arm. You're here today of your own violation, my friend. But you'd like to believe that the weight of the world rests on your shoulders-that the store would crumble if Dante wasn't here. Well, I got news for you, jerk: This store would survive without you. Without me either. All you do is overcompensate for having what's basically a monkey's job: You push fucking buttons. Any moron can waltz in here and do our jobs, but you're obsessed with making it seem so much more fucking important, so much more epic than it really is. You work in a convenience store, Dante. And badly, I might add. And I work in a shitty video store.  Badly, as well.  You know, that guy Jay's got it right- he has no delusions about what he does. Us?  We like to make ourselves seem so much better than the people that come in here, just looking to pick up a paper or-God forbid- cigarettes. We look down on them, as it we're so advanced.  Well, if we're so fucking advanced, then what are we doing working here?
You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse. To top it all off, you ruin my relationship. What's your encore? Do you anally rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gas tank?  You know what the real tragedy is? I'm not even supposed to be here today!
Hermaphrodites! I rented it so we could watch it together!
Unless you're out renting videos at other video stores.
It's not like I'm miles away.
Which means the video store is ostensibly closed.
To talk to you.
You were over half an hour late. Then all you do is come over here.
Like ten after.
What time did you get to work today?
How do you figure?
What don't you do?  Randal, sometimes it seems like the only reason you come to work is to make my life miserable.
No, really. What did I do that was so wrong?
Why do I say that?  Randal... forget it.
Why do you say that?
Oh please! I'm surprised I didn't kill you.
You still didn't have to choke me.
Jesus.
You were saying how you couldn't initiate change yourself, so I figured I'd help you out.
Thanks.
I thought I was doing you a favor.
Why the fuck did you tell Veronica that I was going to dump her for Caitlin?
You didn't have to choke me.
It's hard to swallow.
The swelling's not so bad. But the FDS stings.  How's your neck?
How's your eye?
Point is-I'm not the kind of person that disrupts things in order to shit comfortably.
Lovely story.
My mother told me once that when I as three, my potty lid was closed, and instead of lifting it, I chose to shit my pants.
So you'll continue being miserable all the time, just because you don't have the guts to face change?
Jesus H. Christ, I can't!
Who're you kidding? You can so.
I can't, all right! Jesus, would you leave me alone? I can't make changes like that in my life. If I could, I would-but I don't have the ability to risk comfortable situations on the big money and the fabulous prizes.
Make them change.
What do you want me to say? Yes, I suppose some of the things you're saying may be true. But that's the way things are; it's not going to change.
Melodrama coming from you seems about as natural as an oral bowel movement.
Caitlin and I can't be together. It's impossible.
What? The dead guy?  She'll get over fucking the dead guy. Shit, my mom's been fucking a dead guy for thirty years; I call him Dad.
You're wrong. Things happened today, okay? Things that probably ruined my chances with Caitlin.
Am I right or what?
...If I wasn't such a fucking coward.  It must be so great to be able to simplify everything the way you do.
If you want Caitlin, then face Veronica, tell her, and be with Caitlin. If you want Veronica, be with Veronica. But don't pine for one and fuck the other. Man, if you weren't such a fucking coward...
Leave me alone.
You date Veronica because she's low maintenance and because it's convenient. Meanwhile, all you ever do is talk about Caitlin. You carry a torch for a girl you dated in high school-in high school for God's sake! You're twenty-two!
Leave her out of this.
It's the same thing with Veronica.
Thank you. Why don't you go back to the video store?
I'm satisfied with my situation for now. You don't hear me bitching. You, on the other hand, have been bitching all day.
Oh, like your life's any better?
You're comfortable. This is a life of convenience for you, and any attempt to change it would shatter the pathetic microcosm you've fashioned for yourself.
Leave me alone.
It is. You just up and quit. There are other jobs, and they pay better money. You're bound to be qualified for at least one of them. So what's stopping you?
As if it's that easy.
All right, if you hate this job and the people, and the fact that you have to come in on your day off, then quit.
What responsibility?
It's true. You'll sit there and blame life for dealing a cruddy hand, never once accepting the responsibility for the way your situation is.
Fuck you.
I'm talking about this thing you have... this inability to improve your situation in life.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, you should shit or get off the pot.
I should shit or get off the pot.
You should shit or get off the pot.
I was born.
That's all bullshit. You know what the real problem here is?
My life is in the shitter right about now, so if you don't mind, I'd like to stew a bit.
Thirty-seven.
I'm stuck in this pit, earning less than slave wages, working on my day off, dealing with every backward fuck on the planet, the goddamn steel shutters are locked all day, I smell like shoe polish, I've got an ex- girlfriend who's catatonic after fucking a dead guy, and my present girlfriend has sucked thirty-six dicks.
Have some chips; you'll feel better.
Why do I have this life?
This life?
This life.
What? What's with you? You haven't said anything for like twenty minutes. What the hell is your problem?
I think four.
What time did we go to the funeral?
Around three or something.
WOULD YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP?  WHO THE FUCK IS IN THE BATHROOM?
She said she did all the work.
Shut the fuck up!
You just fucked a total stranger?
Could be.
Maybe the Asian design major slipped her some opium?
Fuck you.
I love your sexy talk. It's so... kindergarten: Poo-poo; wee-wee.
I told her that. She said she didn't need any. Why don't you join her, man. Make a little bathroom bam-bam.
There's no lights back there.
Bunch of savages in this town.  Hey, Caitlin's in the back. You might want to see if she's okay; she's been back there a long time.
Who eats cock?
I'll read the book.
All right, but you're missing out. Chicks with dicks.
I might be leaving early to go out with Caitlin, in which case you'll have to close the store tonight.
You want me to bring the VCR over here so we can watch this?
In my absence, try not to sell cigarettes to any newborns.
You're a snake.
No! Don't bring it up. I don't want to think about that now. Let me enjoy this hour of bliss. I'll think about all of that later. In the meantime, nobody mentions the V word.
Hey, what about Veronica?
This is my way of spitting water at life.
What happened to title dictates behavior?
Watch the store while I go home and change.
I feel so ineffectual. Is there anything I can do for you?
She went home, she's getting ready, and we're going out.
Wow. You've had quite an evening.
I'm not.
You're kidding.
She's not going to marry that guy. She went home to tell her mother.
What did she say?
I'm not. She just left.
Now I know you're lying.
No. I'm happy because Caitlin came to see me.
You're happy to get a fine?
I'm happy.
You're happy?
Because I'm happy.
Then why aren't you like screaming at me right now?
I swear. I couldn't make this kind of hell up.
You're lying.
Because I'm here.
Then how come you got the fine?
As opposed to the hundreds of other children you let buy cigarettes whenever you work here.
Holy shit. That girl?
Little girl. Maybe five years old?
Really?
I don't; you did.
I thought you never sold cigarettes to kids.
Living proof.
I didn't think they even enforced this.
You're bullshitting.
Five hundred dollars.
No way!
I got fined for selling cigarettes to a minor.
I like to expand my horizons.
And this is what you rented?
Hermaphroditic porn. Starlets with both organs. You should see the box: Beautiful women with dicks that put mine to shame.
What'd you rent?  Best of Both Worlds?
Get to work.
I know I'm your hero.
Please, get the hell out of here.
I like to think I'm a master of my own destiny.
You're a danger to both the dead and the living.
If title dictated my behavior, as a clerk serving the public, I wouldn't be allowed to spit a mouthful of water at that guy. But I did, so my point is that people dictate their own behavior. Hence, even though I'm a clerk in this video store, I choose to go rent videos at Big Choice.  Agreed?
What?
And two, to make a point: title does not dictate behavior.
Jesus!
Two reasons: one, I hate when the people can't shut up about the stupid tabloid headlines.
What the fuck did you do that for?
Not yet. 
That's stretching it. You're not being asked to slay children or anything.
Exactly.
The reasons you won't let me borrow your car is because I have a title and a job description, and I'm supposed to follow it, right?
What?
So your argument is that title dictates behavior?
It's going to have to do for now, considering that it's my car that's up for request.  Can I help you?
You know what? I don't think I care for your rationale.
There's a difference. Those were obligations. Obligations that could not have been met at any later date. Now renting videos-that's just gratuitous, not to mention illogical, considering you work in a video store.
I see. So playing hockey and attending wakes-these practices are standard operating procedure.
We are employees of Quick Stop Convenience and RST video, respectively. As such, we have certain responsibilities which-though it may seem cruel and unusual-does include manning our posts until closing.
If you must.
May I be blunt with you?
Let me borrow your car.
Can you imagine being halfway decent to the customers at least some of the time?
You work in a video store!
What's that for?
You want to rent a movie.
I want to rent a movie.
Why should I loan you my car?
Fine. Just lend me your car.
I don't want to talk to you.
Let me borrow your car.
Just... go! Go open the video store.
So they'll put her back in! It's not like it's gonna matter if she breaks something!
Her fucking body fell out!
So the casket fell over! Big deal!
Does anyone ever knock over a casket on purpose?
I was just leaning on it! It was an accident!
You knocked the fucking casket over, for Chrissakes!
I'm telling you, it wasn't my fault!
I can't fucking believe you!!
Nobody's there. It's four o'clock on a Saturday. How many people ever come to the store at four on a Saturday?
I can't help it. At least when we were playing hockey outside, I could see if anyone wanted to go in.
Listen to you.
I know it was a bad idea to close the store.
I never tried it.
Yeah. Like you said, you know. I guess everyone tries it, sooner of later.
What, your dick?
You know.
Reach what?
I could never reach.
Yeah, but at what a price.
He made it, hunhh?
Balls resting on his lips.
His dick was in his mouth?
My cousin? My aunt found him. On his bed, doubled over himself with his legs on top. Dick in his mouth. My aunt freaked out. It was a mess.
Who found him?
No, because you won't admit to it. As if a guy's a fucking pervert because he tries to go down on himself. You're as curious as the rest of us, pal. You've tried it.
Because I never tried to suck my own dick?
Yeah sure. You're so repressed.
No!
Come on. Haven't you ever tried to suck your own dick?
Oh, my god.
I swear.
Stop it.
Bible truth.
Shut the hell up.
He broke his neck trying to suck his own dick.
That's embarrassing?
Broke his neck.
How'd he die?
That's nothing compared to how my cousin Walter died.
An embarrassing way to die.
An embolism in a pool.
Twenty-two; same as us.
She was pretty young, hunhh?
Thanks for putting me in a tough spot. You're a good friend.
You were saying?
Exactly, which means I can't close it for another hour so we can both go to a wake.
You just closed the store to play hockey on the roof!
I can't close the store.
I'm going with you.
I'm not taking you to this funeral.
She meant nothing to you either until I told you she died.
She meant nothing to you!
If you go, I go.
Don't be an asshole. Somebody has to stay with the store.
But I love gatherings. Isn't it ironic?
You hate people.
I'm not missing what's probably going to be the social event of the season.
Stop it. This is beneath even you.
True, but do you know how many people are going to be there? All of our old classmates, to say the least.
You hardly knew her!
Wait, wait, wait. Has it occurred to you that I might bereaved as well?
You've gotta watch the store. I have to go to this.
One night only. She's buried in the morning.
Shit. What about tomorrow?
Paulsen's Funeral Parlor. The next show is at four.
What!?
It's today.
Why not?
No, you're not.
I'm gonna go to her wake.
You've had sex with a dead person.
Number six.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't she one of the illustrious twelve?
I haven't seen her in almost two years.
She was swimming at the YMCA pool when it happened. Died mid-backstroke.
Jesus.
Embolism in her brain. Yesterday.
How? When?
Sanford's brother dates her cousin. He found out this morning.
Oh, my god.
No, I'm serious.
Yeah, right.
Julie Dwyer died.
I still can't believe Caitlin's getting married.
You know what Sanford told me? 
"It's not like we're gonna sell out."
After an exhausting game like that I can believe it.
Exactly. They drank it all.
What happened to all the Gatorade?
Gatorade.
Bitch, bitch, bitch. You want something to drink? 
Randal, twelve minutes is not a game! Jesus, it's barely a warm-up!
Hockey's hockey. At least we got to play.
One ball!! They come all the way here... I close the damn store... for one ball!
Helluva game!
Then where're we gonna play?
We're not playing in the street.
Look who you're asking here. How're we gonna block off the street?
I don't know. You going to lock the video store?
Are you gonna lock the store?
Can we not talk about this?
Design major.
At least let me maintain some semblance of managerial control here.
He's blunt, but he's got a point.
I just want to play hockey like I was scheduled to.
No argument here. Insubordination rules.
I told him I had a game today. It's his own fault.
I've gotta tell you, my friend: this is one of the ballsiest moves I've ever been privy to. I never would have thought you capable of such blatant disregard of store policy.
Pull my laces tighter.
You've got a customer.
At least we're stuck here together.
I can't believe I'm going to miss the game!
See? There you go again.
Sorry.
Don't yell at me, pal.
Would you shut the hell up with that shit? It's not helping.
Because you buckled.
I'm going to miss the game.
The fact that I'm right about your buckling?
You know what pisses me off the most?
Yes, you do. You always back down. You assume blame that isn't yours, you come in when called as opposed to enjoying your day off, you buckle like a belt.
I don't back down.
That seems to be the leitmotif in your life; ever backing down.
I know.
I heard you apologize. Why? You have every right in the world to be mad.
What?
Why'd you apologize?
FUCK!
So, what-you're stuck here all day?
Not a fucking word! Slippery shit!
He didn't mention it when he called you this morning?
Can you believe this?!
Vermont?
The best Burtless movie ever made.
Smokey Three: thumbs up, am I right?
Can you come next door? I gotta make a phone call.
Shut up!  Yes, I've calmed down, I'm still not happy about it, but I've been able to deal.
Thirty-seven!
Veronica!
Jesus, you got a one-track mind. It's always Caitlin, Caitlin, Caitlin...
Because my ex-girlfriend is getting married.
Why not?
No.
All of them.
Which ones?
You know who I can do without? I could do without the people in the video store.
The women that go through every gallon of milk looking for a later date. As if somewhere-beyond all the other gallons-is a container of milk that won't go bad for like a decade.
The milkmaids?
The milkmaids.
Let's hear it.
It's not really anyone per se, it's more of separate groupings.
How can you lie like that? Why don't you vent? Vent your frustration. Come on, who pisses you off?
There aren't.
Liar! Tell me there aren't customers that annoy the piss out of you on a daily basis.
What for? They don't bother me if I don't bother them.
You gotta loosen up, my friend. You'd feel a hell of a lot better if you'd rip into the occasional customer.
I'm gonna hear it tomorrow.
Who cares? That lady's an asshole. Everybody that comes in here is way too uptight. This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
Why do you do things like that? You know she's going to come back and tell the boss.
The jizz-mopper's job is to clean up the booths afterward, because practically everybody shoots a load against the window, and I don't know if you know or not, but cum leaves streaks if you don't clean it right away.
Can we talk about this later?
Think of the weirdest, craziest shit you'd like to see chicks do.  These chicks do it all. They insert things into any opening in their body... any opening.  He's led a very sheltered life.
What kind of show?
Oh, it's great. You step into this little booth and there's this window between you and this naked woman, and she puts on this little show for like ten bucks.
I guess not.
Nudie booth. You've never been in a nudie booth?
Nudie booth?
He's the guy in those nudie-booth joints who cleans up after each guy that jerks off.
What's a jizz-mopper?
You know how much money the average jizz-mopper make per hour?
Did you ever notice all the prices end in nine? Damn, that's eerie.
I'll give him five more minutes then I'm calling the cops. I don't need this, man. I'm not even supposed to be here today.
It's not like you laid the eggs yourself.
He said it was important to have standards. He said nobody has pride anymore.
What did he say?
I told him that and he yelled at me.
Why doesn't he just mix and match?
Obviously not. Look at all the cartons that didn't make the grade.
The quest isn't going well?
Each egg has to be perfect.
Perfect dozen.
He said he has to find a perfect dozen.
What's he looking for?
This guy is going through all of the eggs. Look.
She's in here?
Wait.
You'll never believe what this unruly customer just said...
All those innocent contractors hired to do a job were killed- casualties of a war they had nothing to do with.  All right, look-you're a roofer, and some juicy government contract comes your way; you got the wife and kids and the two-story in suburbia-this is a government contract, which means all sorts of benefits. All of a sudden these left-wing militants blast you with lasers and wipe out everyone within a three-mile radius.  You didn't ask for that. You have no personal politics. You're just trying to scrape out a living.
All right, so even if independent contractors are working on the Death Star, why are you uneasy with its destruction?
Exactly. In order to get it built quickly and quietly they'd hire anybody who could do the job. Do you think the average storm trooper knows how to install a toilet main?  All they know is killing and white uniforms.
Not just Imperials, is what you're getting at.
A construction job of that magnitude would require a helluva lot more manpower than the Imperial army had to offer. I'll bet there were independent contractors working on that thing: plumbers, aluminum siders, roofers.
So?
The second time around, it wasn't even finished yet. They were still under construction.
And the second time around...?
So when they blew it up, no prob. Evil is punished.
Basically.
Well, the thing is, the first Death Star was manned by the Imperial army- storm troopers, dignitaries-the only people onboard were Imperials.
And you figured it out?
Something just never sat right with me the second time they destroyed it. I could never put my finger on it-something just wasn't right.
Compliments of Lando Calrissian.
And the second one was still being built when they blew it up.
Luke blew it up. Give credit where it's due.
Now the first one they built was completed and fully operational before the Rebels destroyed it.
Yeah.
So they build another Death Star, right?
There's more?
You know what else I noticed in Jedi?
I think they were Catholics.
The only problem is that at no point in the series did I ever hear Leia or any of the rebels declare a particular religious belief.
More or less.
Hence, the Empire was a fascist theocracy, and the rebel forces were therefore battling religious persecution.
It would stand to reason, yes.
Then wouldn't that logically mean that it's a theocracy? If the head of the Empire is a priest of some sort, then it stands to reason that the government is therefore one based on religion.
Yeah.
Now, he's in charge of the Empire. The Imperial government is under his control. And the entire galaxy is under Imperial rule.
I guess.
Well, he's like the pope for the dark side of the Force. He's a holy man; a shaman, kind of, albeit an evil one.
How do you mean?
Right, the Emperor. Now the Emperor is kind of a spiritual figure, yes?
The Emperor.
All right, Vader's boss...
What's that?
There was something else going on in Jedi. I never noticed it until today.
Empire had the better ending: Luke gets his hand cut off, and finds out Vader's his father; Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett.  It ends on such a down note. And that's life-a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of Muppets.
Blasphemy.
Empire.
Which did you like better: Jedi or The Empire Strikes Back.
Didn't you hear me? Caitlin really is getting married.
Return of the Jedi.
Me pulling a can off some moron's fist.
You know what I just watched?
Do you know that article is accurate? Caitlin's really getting married!
You, Veronica, Caitlin...  ...and Caitlin's fianc.
All four?
Then I think all four of you had better sit down and talk it over.
I think it's safe to say yes.
Caitlin's on the same wave-length?
I think the arguments Veronica and I are having are some kind of manifestation of a subconscious desire to break away from her so that I can pursue the possibility of a more meaningful relationship with Caitlin.
What about Veronica?
...and she's looking to me for support. And I think that this is leading our relationship to a new level.
No, no, I'm listening. She's leaving college, and...?
I'm talking to myself here.
Oh shit, I've got to place an order.
They are. When she calls me now, she's a different person-she's frightened and vulnerable. She's about to finish college and enter the real world. That's got to be scary for anyone.
You think things would be any different now?
I'm serious. Aside from the cheating, we were a great couple.  That's what high school's all about-algebra, bad lunch, and infidelity.
Oh yeah.
Because there was a lot of good in our relationship.
In light of this lurid tale, I don't see how you could even romanticize your relationship with Caitlin-she broke your heart and inadvertently drove men to deviant lifestyles.
It takes different strokes to move the world.
That's frightening.
The two moved to Idaho together after graduation. They raise sheep.
Chess team Allan Harris?!
Allan Harris.
Your mother.
Interesting postscript to that story: Do you know who wound up going with Brad Michaelson in the other dark bedroom?
That girl was vile to you.
Great story, isn't it?
Oh, my God.
She was supposed to meet Brad Michaelson in a bedroom. She picked the wrong one. She had no idea I was even at the party.
What do you mean?
I hit the lights and she freaks. Turns out she thought I was Brad Michaelson.
That's not cheating. People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl "Mom."
She called me Brad.
She called you Brad?
In the middle of it, she calls me Brad.
That's cheating?
Party at John K's-senior year. I get blitzed and pass out in his bedroom. Caitlin comes in and dives all over me.
Eight and a half?
Eight and a half.
Chick only made you nuts. She cheated on you how many times?
Five years.
Chick's nuts about you. How long did you date Caitlin?
Seven months.
I'm going to offer you some advice, my friend: let the past be the past. Forget Caitlin Bree. You've been with Veronica for how long now?
You win.
I'll bet the most frequent topic of arguments is Caitlin Bree.
I guess it's not really fighting. She just wants me to leave here, go back to school, get some direction.
What do you two fight about?
One fight a day with Veronica is about all I can stomach, thanks.
Did you tell Veronica?
She called me.
You called Caitlin again?
You don't want to know.
I wanted to use your car.
Why?
Who was on your phone this morning at about two-thirty? I was trying to call for a half an hour.
No, thanks.
Want something to drink? I'm buying.
I can't stand a voyeur. I'll be back.
Don't screw with it. It makes us look suspicious.
I'm a firm believer in the philosophy of a ruling class, especially since I rule.  Is the Pelican flying?
Shocking abuse of authority.
Some guy just came in refusing to pay late fees. He said the store was closed for two hours yesterday.  I tore up his membership.
Go open the sore.
What smells like shoe polish?
He assured me that he'd be here by twelve.
What time do you have to stay till?
Shit, if I'd known you were working, I would've come even later.
That's what I said.
Bunch of savages in this town.
Someone jammed gum in the locks.
Why are the shutters closed?
The boss called. Arthur fell ill.
What the hell are you doing here? I thought you were playing hockey at one.
You're late.
Jesus Christ, what next?
I'm surprised you never found out about it, Dante. Everybody in school knew-even in my class.
THE GLADES MOTEL?
I still remember Caitlin telling us about that time you two went to that motel-the one with the mirrors and the hot tub in the room.
Caitlin used to talk about him all the time.
You know him?
Yep. I remember you got caught in my parents' room with Caitlin once.
You're Alyssa's sister? Heather?
I'm her sister.
Caitlin Bree. Yeah?
You remember Alyssa Jones? She hung out with...
Do I know you?
I don't have love handles.
He's got those love handles.
I know I can bench more than that!
I'd say about sixty, seventy-tops.
Thirty-fire.
Just the paper.
Yes.
Are you open?
Forget it. I don't want to deal with a guy that sells cigarettes to a five-year-old.  Can I offer you a ride somewhere?
But I didn't sell cigarettes to any kids! Hey!
Hey man, that was a long time ago. Don't let it get to you.
What? When? When did all this shit happen?
I... I don't believe this...
All the time. That girl was like a rabbit.
Wait a second!  You used to sleep with Caitlin Bree? While I was dating her?
While you two were dating in high school. We're talking four, five years ago, back when I drove a Trans- Am.
What?
To you?
No, she's getting married.
Oh man! Hey, you still going out with her?
How do you know that?
And your name is Dante Hicks? You went to high school with her? You played hockey?
Yeah?
Pretty girl, about this girl's height- dark hair-gorgeous body?
Yeah.
Did you say Caitlin Bree?
See? You're ashamed. You know you're out of shape. Take my card.  I can help you tone that body up in no time. Get you on an aerobics and free-weights program.
Oh for God's sake!
I don't know.
How much can you bench?
I am not.
No fat, but no tone either. You don't get enough exercise.
What are you talking about? There's no fat on this body.
Yes, they are. You're out of shape.
They are not.
Oh, I do. You made the same noise when you reached across the counter for my cash. Your muscles are thin and sadly underutilized.
I don't think so.
I don't think so. That was a grunt; a deep inhalation of oxygen to aid in the stretching of muscles. I'm a trainer. I know what that sound signifies: you're out of shape.
I didn't strain. I sighed.
I heard you strain when you put the milk in the bag. That milk only weighs about seven pounds.
Excuse me?
Sounds to me like somebody needs to hit the gym.
I don't know. She was senile and shit. Used to piss herself all the time. C'mon Silent Bob.
Meaning?
I've had girlfriends, but all they wanted from me was weed and shit.  Shit, my grandma used to say, "Which is better: a good plate with nothing on it..." No, wait. I fucked up. She said "What's a good-looking plate with nothing on it?"
She's my girlfriend.
Damn. She sure goes out of her way.
I jacked the car up. All she did was loosen the nuts and put the tire on.
I don't know dude. That Caitlin chick's nice. But I see that Veronica girl doing shit for you all the time. She brings you food, she rubs your back... Didn't I see her change your tire one day?
Maybe.
And what-you were gonna dump her to date that Caitlin chick?
Lasagne.
Is she that girl who's down here all the time? She came here today carrying a plate of food.
Veronica.
Don't you already have a girlfriend?
We were going to start again, I think.
You used to go out with her?
Knock it off. That used to be my girlfriend.
Probably saw that Caitlin chick. I know I felt like beatin' it when I saw her.  Come here, bitch! You like this? Is this what you want? Hunhh?
I don't know. I wasn't watching.
That's fucked up. Yo, I heard he was jerkin' off.
He died in the bathroom.
Hey, man, what happened with that old guy?
I can't believe you just rolled a joint in here.
So why do you sell it for so much more? I'll tell you why-because people come here and they're like "A dollar eighty for soda? I should get it at Food City. But I don't feel like driving there. I'll just buy it here so I don't have to drive up there." That's exploiting a weakness, too, isn't it?
So.
At Food City it's ninety-nine cents, plus tax.
A dollar sixty-nine, plus tax.
All right. How much is Pepsi here?
You sell to people that can't stay away from an addiction.
What's that mean?
The difference is you exploit a weakness.
And these aren't my drugs-I just sell them.
It's not my store.
Relax brother. What I mean is that you sell the stuff in this store at the highest prices around. A dollar seventy-nine for wraps-what's that shit?
How do you figure... HEY! You can't roll a joint in here!
I work, just like you. You're more of a crook than I am, dude.
Nothing personal.
Listen to you. Oh shit. "Oh, I don't hang out with drug dealers."
With you? I don't think so.
Wanna come to this party tonight? There's gonna be some pussy there, man!
I should start.
We get off about the same time every night. We should hang out.  You get high?
A half hour.
Pay the good man.  Don't you close soon?
One seventy-nine.
Hell yes, whatever that means. Now I'm gonna head over to Atlantic, drink some beers, get ripped, and- please God-get laid.  E-Z Wider, one-and-a-halfs.
Done poisoning the youth for the day?
Noinch, noinch, noinch-smoking weed, smoking weed! Doing coke!  Drinking beers!  A pack of wraps, my good man. It's time to kick back, drink some beers, and smoke some weed!
I'm not dealing.
How many times I gotta tell you not to deal outside the store.
Yeah, you cock-smoking clerk.
Go open the video store.
'Bout the biggest pair you ever seen! NYNNE!!
Are there any balls down there?!
Don't hurt yourself. I'm going to Big Choice Video instead.
If you'll just tell me the title of your rental choice, I'll have him hold it for you.
Such a wiseass. But go ahead. Crack wise. That's why you're jockeying a register in some fucking local convenience store instead of doing an honest day's work.  I got no more time to bullshit around waiting for that sonofabitch.  You make sure this gets back. The number's eight-twelve-Wynarski. And I wanted to get a damn movie, too.
Actually, that's his night job.
What the hell is that? Resting his eyes! It's not like he's some goddamned air traffic controller!
No; he was probably just resting his eyes.
You calling me a liar?
I'm sure he wasn't sleeping.
It's not like it's a demanding job. I'd like to get paid to sit on my ass and watch TV. The other day I walked in there and that sonofabitch was sleeping.
Uh, can I have the other one. The one below this one. They show more in that one.
Here. Now leave me alone.
Yeah. I like the cartoons. They make me laugh. They draw the biggest titties.
The porno mags?
No, I mean the ones there. Behind the counter.
I said go ahead.
Can I trouble you for one of those magazines?
You know, you probably could've been home, already, in the time it's taken you to get in there.
Thanks, young man. You've got a heart of gold.
Jesus... go ahead.
Say, young fella, you know I hate to bother you again, but can I take a paper or something back there... to read?  It usually takes me a while, and I like to read while it's going on.
Thanks son, you're a lifesaver.
Yeah, okay. Go ahead.
Aw, c'mon boy. What's the difference? You said yourself the stuff that's there now is rough.
Yeah, but...
Rough, eh? Oh, that stuff rips hell out of my hemorrhoids. Say, would you mind if I took a roll of the soft stuff back there. I see you sell the soft stuff.
Actually, it is kind of rough.
I'm not asking about the color. I mean is it rough or cottony?
The white kind.
Thanks son. Say-what kind of toilet paper you got back there?
Uh... sure. Go ahead. It's back through the cooler.
I understand, but can I use it. I'm not that young anymore, so I'm kind of... you know... incontinent.
Um... yeah, but it's for employees only.
Well, that depends. Do you have a bathroom?
Oh... Can I help you?
No, he got hit by a bus.
And he got cancer by chewing fluorescent bulb glass...?
I had a friend that used to chew glass for a living. In the circus.
So I'm told.
You know the insides of those are filled with stuff that gives you cancer.
I'm trying.
Be careful.
Fuck you.
Veronica, I love you...
And having him tell me... that was just the weakest move ever. You're spineless.
Randal...?
Of course not; not now! You're caught, and now you're trying to snake out of doing what you wanted to do. Well, I won't let you. I want you to follow through on this, just so you can find out what a fucking idiot you are. And when she dumps you again- and she will, Dante, I promise you that-when she dumps you again, I want to laugh at you, right in your face, just so you realize that that was what you gave up our relationship for!  I'm just glad Randal had the balls to tell me, since you couldn't.
I don't want to go back with her...
You don't know what you want, but I'm not going to sit here anymore holding your hand until you figure it out! I've encouraged you to get out of this fucking dump and go back to school, to take charge of your life and find direction. I even transferred so maybe you would be more inclined to go back to college if I was with you. Everyone said it was a stupid move, but I didn't care because I loved you and wanted to see you pull yourself out of this senseless funk you've been in since that whore dumped you, oh so many years ago. And now you want to go back to her so she can fuck you over some more?
I don't want Caitlin...
You're damn right it's not like that! Because I won't let it be like that! You want your slut? Fine!  The slut is yours!
Veronica... I... it's not like that anymore... I mean, it was never really like that...
Explain what? How you were waiting until the time was right, and then you were going to dump me for her?
Would you let me explain...
I'm not the one trying to patch things up with my ex, sneaking around behind your back! And if you think that thirty-seven dicks are a lot, then just wait, mister: I'm going to put the hookers in Times Square to shame with all the guys I go down on now!
A couple...?
And then you pull that shit this morning, freaking out because I've gone down on a couple guys!
It was only a few times...
You've been talking to her on the phone for weeks!
What're you talking about?
If you didn't want to go out with me anymore, why didn't you just say it? Instead, you pussyfoot around and see that slut behind my back!
What the fuck did you do that for?
Good.  I'll see you when you close, then. Enjoy the lasagne.
Sure.
Eight. But I have a sorority meeting till nine, so I'll be back before you close. Can we go out and get some coffee?
What time do you get finished?
Bummer, Well, I've gotta head back for the one-thirty class.
I called a locksmith and he said the earliest he could get here it tomorrow.
You couldn't get these shutters open?
Thank you for the lasagne.
Thank you for being rational.
...it isn't there. Yes.
The ostrich syndrome: if you don't see it...
And he said most of them are college guys, I've never met or seen.
And that made you feel better?
At least he wasn't thirty-six.
What did he say?
I had to tell someone. He put it into perspective.
You had to tell him.
I'm glad you've calmed down a bit.  Hi, Randal.
Really?  You're the best.
Peanut butter and jelly with the crusts cut off. What do you think it is? It's lasagne.
What is it?
Lit 101 got canceled, so I stopped home and brought you some lunch.
He still hasn't shown up. Why aren't you in class?
Goodbye, Dante.
Thirty-seven. I just can't...
I'm going to school. Maybe later you'll be a bit more rational.
Every time I kiss you now I'm going to taste thirty-six other guys.
I love you. Don't feel sick.
I feel sick.
Because going down it's a big deal! I used to like a guy, we'd make out, and sooner or later I'd go down on him. But I only had sex with the guys I loved.
Well... why did you have to suck their dicks? Why didn't you just sleep with them, like any decent person?!
...And one of those guys was you! The last one, I might add, which-if you're too stupid to comprehend- means that I've been faithful to you since we met! All the other guys I went with before I met you, so, if you want to have a complex about it, go ahead!  But don't look at me like I'm the town whore, because you were plenty busy yourself, before you met me!
A few?
Yeah, I went down on a few guys...
No, but you sucked enough dick!
Hey listen, jerk! Until today you never even knew how many guys I'd slept with, because you never even asked. And then you act all nonchalant about fucking twelve different girls. Well, I never had sex with twelve different guys!
Hey! Where are you going?!
Thirty-seven?!  My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks!
I'm going to class.
I'M THIRTY-SEVEN?
Um. Thirty-seven.
What the hell is that anyway, "something like thirty-six?" Does that include me?
Lower your voice!
WHAT? SOMETHING LIKE THIRTY-SIX?
Something like thirty-six.
Well...?
This is different. This is important. How many?!
All right! Shut up a second and I'll tell you! Jesus! I didn't freak like this when you told me how many girls you fucked.
HOW MANY?
Let it go...
How many dicks have you sucked?!
Dante...
How many?
Please calm down.
I did understand! I understand that you slept with three different guys, and that's all you said.
I'm sorry, Dante. I thought you understood.
Oh my God-I feel so nauseous...
Because I did only sleep with three guys! That doesn't mean I didn't just go with people.
Oh my God! Why did you tell me you only slept with three guys?
We went out a few times. We didn't have sex, but we fooled around.
You sucked his dick!
That's because I never had sex with him!
But... but you said you only had sex with three guys! You never mentioned him!
Yeah. How do you think I know he liked...
You sucked that guy's dick?
I'm serious...
Yeah, right.
Sylvan? No; I snowballed him.
Like you said-she snowballed him.
Why do you say that?
Sylvan can be talked into anything.
He gets off on it.
He requested this?
After he gets a blow job, he likes to have the cum spit back into his mouth while kissing. It's called snowballing.
What do you mean?
Sylvan made it up. It's a blow job thing.
Why do you call him that?
Unlike you, I have a class in forty- five minutes.
Shit! Why are we getting up?
Jesus, would you stop? You make my head hurt when you talk about this.
It's important to me, Dante. You have so much potential that just goes to waste in this pit. I wish you'd go back to school.
Can't we ever have a discussion without that coming up?
To school. There's a seminar about getting back into a scholastic program after a lapse in enrollment.
Where?
I want you to come with me on Monday.
All right. Name it.
After dropping a bombshell like that, you owe me. Big.
They put up the least amount of struggle.
Vegetable meaning paraplegic.
Animal, vegetable, or mineral.
I am. And that's why you should feel like a pig. You men make me sick. You'll sleep with anything that says yes.
Wow. That's great. That's something to be proud of.
John Franson and Rob Stanslyk.
No; who were the three, besides me?
You!
Who?
I'm not the pig you are.
You've only had sex with three different people?
Three including you.
Three?
Three.
Do I get to hit you after you tell me?
Do you know how many different men I've had sex with?
Why'd you hit me?
You're a pig.
What the hell was that for?
Including you; yes.
You've slept with twelve different girls?
Twelve.
It better be up to and including me.
Including you?
We might have; I don't remember. How many?
How many different girls? Didn't we already have this discussion once?
How many girls have you slept with?
How many what?
How many?
These are my opinions based on my experiences with the few women who were good enough to sleep with me.
You were making a generalization about "broads!"
It wasn't directed at you. I was making a broad generalization.
I'm astonished to hear you trivialize my role in our sex life.
I touched a nerve.
I'm insulted. Believe me, Don Juan, it takes more than that to get a guy off. Just "being there"-as you put it-is not enough.
Something wrong?
And I actually date you?
A girl makes a guy cum, it's standard. A guy makes a girl cum, it's talent.
Oh, you think so?
Now, making a woman cum... therein lies a challenge.
How flattering.
Making a male climax is not all that challenging: insert somewhere close and preferably moist; thrust; repeat.
"Be there?"
Women? Women, as lovers, are all basically the same: they just have to be there.
You show some bedroom proficiency, and you think you're gods. What about what we do for you?
How do you figure?
Typically male point of view.
Yeah, right. You can't get enough of me.
I was kidding.
Really?
Ooh! Can we?!
Why? You wanna have sex or something?
Do you think anyone can see us down here?
I had to use shoe polish to make that sign. The smell won't come off.
Honesty through paranoia. Why do you smell like shoe polish?
Theoretically, people see money on the counter and nobody around, they think they're being watched.
How do you know they're taking the right amount of change? Or even paying for what they take?
Why do you say that?
You're trusting.
Like three dollars in mixed change and a couple of singles. People only get the paper of coffee this time of morning.
How much money did you leave up there?
Oh, be real! Would you... Would you please hug me?  I just went through a very traumatic experience and I haven't been having the best day so far. Now come on.
She called you, didn't she?
What? What is that?
Who's defensive?  Just... Would you just hug me?! All right? Your boyfriend was accosted by an angry mob, and he needs to be hugged.
Who's fighting? Why are you so defensive?
Nothing! Jesus! I gotta fight with you now?
What were you doing?
Hunhh? Nothing.
What were you doing up so late?
I don't know-like two-thirty, three.
You look bushed. What time did you get to bed?
Bunch of savages in this town.
You're kidding.
Somebody jammed the locks with gum.
Why don't you open the shutters and get some sunlight in here?
I'm only here until twelve, then I'm gone. The boss is coming in.
Why did you agree to come in then?
Yes! And I'm going to play like shit because I didn't get a good night's sleep!
Don't you have a hockey game at two?
The guy got sick and couldn't come in.
I know. I stopped by your house and your mom said you left at like six or something.
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
All I'm saying is that if you're unhappy you should leave.
Please, Veronica. Last thing I need is a lecture at this point.
Then quit. You should be going to school anyway...
I hate this fucking place.
At least they weren't lit.
Too hard?! I don't have enough indignities in my life-people start throwing cigarettes at me!
All right, stupid question. But don't you think you're taking this a bit too hard?
A word of advice: Sometimes it's best to let those hard to reach chips go.
It stings a little.
I'll throw this out. Precautionary measure.
Thanks. I thought I was gonna have to go to the hospital.
I think it's coming now...
They oughta put some kind of warning on these cans, like they do with cigarettes.
Maybe we should soap your hand or something.
Usually I just turn the can upside down.
You hold the counter and I'll pull.
The due date is on the bottom. This summons cannot be contested in any court of law. Failure to remit before the due date will result in a charge of criminal negligence, and a warrant will be issued for your arrest. Have a nice day.
I didn't sell cigarettes to any kids! I swear!
But I didn't sell cigarettes to any kid!
An angry mother called the state division of taxation and complained that the man working at Quick Stop Convenience sold her five-year-old daughter cigarettes today at around four o'clock. Division of taxation calls the State Board of Health, and they send me down here to issue a fine. You say you were working all day, hence the fine is yours.  It's doubled due to the incredibly young age of the child.
Yeah, but I didn't sell cigarettes to any kids!
You said you were here all day?
I didn't do that!
According to the NJAC-the New Jersey Administrative Code, section eighteen, five, slash twelve point five-a fine of no less than two hundred and fifty dollars is to be leveled against any person reported selling cigarettes to a minor.
What are you talking about?
WHAT?
A fine, for five hundred dollars.
What's this?
Here you go.
Dante Hicks. Why? What is this about?
Can I have your name please?
I'm not out of shape!
I've been here since six o'clock this morning. Why?
Were you working here at about four o'clock?
What?
Excuse me, but have you been here all day?
Yes.  I'm not out of shape.
You open?
Wait, there's more.  Olaf: sing... 
Did he say "making fuck?"
You gotta hear him sing.  Olaf, "Berserker!"
That doesn't sound metal.
I don't know, man. He's a fucking character.
What did he say?
Swear.  Olaf, metal!
No way!
He knows some English, but he can't not speak it good like we do.
He only speaks Russian?
I swear to God. Silent Bob, am I lying?
No way.
Check this out, he's from Russia.
He's your cousin?
Nothing. Just hanging out with Silent Bob and his cousin.
Scumbag. What are you doing?
Oh shit, look who it is. The human vacuum.
English.  Come on, "Berserker!" Girls think sexy.
Does he sing in English or Russian?
Come on, man, "Berserker!"
He's got his own band in Moscow. It's called "Fuck Your Yankee Blue Jeans" or something like that.
He really wants to play metal?
He's moving to the big city next week. He wants to be a metal singer.
Is he staying here?
I don't fucking know. What am I, his biographer?  Olaf, what part of Russia are you from?
What part of Russia?
I like the way you think.
Sure. How about the beach?
That's sick, Dante.
To a five-year-old kid? What a scumbag!
She said one time you set up a tent on the beach and you guys did it in the middle of this big rainstorm.
Holy shit! She told you about that!  Buddy of mine worked there. Said he watched the whole thing. They used to film people at that hotel; nobody knew about it.
Oh yeah. You were the built older guy with the black Trans and the big...
Really?
Yeah!
Oh my God! You're Rick Derris?
Shit!  Don't take this the wrong way, but I used to fuck her.
To an Asian design major.
Because he's out of shape.
You're Dante Hicks? Oh my God! I didn't even recognize you!
Oh, I know. If I had to work here all day, I'd be bloated and out of shape, too.
It's probably from being around all this food every day.
Now feel his.  Roll up your sleeve, chief.
That's tight. Solid.
Feel that.
No way!
I do about three-fifty, four.
My ex-boyfriend was about his height, but he was much bulkier. He could bench two-fifty, three hundred easy.
I think the lady called it.
He is.
I don't know. I can't really tell from here.
Let me ask you a question: Do you think this guy's out of shape?
Screw you!
You'll be missed.
Well this is the last time I ever rent here...
I hope it feels so good to be right. There is nothing more exhilarating than pointing out the shortcomings of others, is there?
You hope what feels good?
I hope it feels good.
I only pointed out that you weren't paying any attention to what I was saying.
Your ruse. Your cunning attempt to trick me.
I beg your pardon!
I don't appreciate your ruse, ma'am.
I don't think your manager would appreciate...
No, I wasn't.
I just held up the same two movies. You're not even paying attention.
Well, how about these two movies? 
I find it's best to stay out of other people's affairs.
You've never heard anybody say anything about either movie?
I'll see you there.
Yo. I'll see you at that party.  I'll see you there?
The only place I don't bring my drugs is church. And that ain't till Sunday morning.
Yo, don't sell all that. 'Cause I'm gonna get the cash and buy it from you at John K's. You're gonna bring it, right?
My man is deaf.  I'M GOING TO JOHN K'S PARTY!  Neh.
You're gonna be at John K's party?
Till ten. Then I'm going to John K's party.
How long you gonna be here?
For this kind of hash, you need that kind of cash.
Yo, I don't have that kind of cash.
That's the price, my brother.
I'm going to have a word with that asshole.
Um, do you think you can give me a lift home tonight?
After all that I've done for that fuck! And he wants to be with that slut? Fine! He can have his slut!
He didn't ask me to...
No, I'm more furious. I'm pissed off. I feel like he's been killing time while he tries to grow the balls to tell me how he really feels, and then he can't even do it!  He has his friend do it for him!
You're not?
I'm not sad.
Don't hold it against him. He just never got Caitlin out of his system. It's not your fault. It's Dante.  I don't know thing one about chicks. Do you want to cry or something? I can leave.
I... I don't know what to say.
Pretty much. All except the latent homosexuality part-that's just my theory.
And... he told you all of this?
All right, asshole, you're on.
Twenty bucks.
Twenty bucks?
I'll bet you twenty bucks you don't get to rent that tape.
Like hell you are!
Ain't gonna happen, my friend. I'm getting that tape.
Says me. I've been here for half an hour. I'd call that first dibs.
Says who?
I have first dibs.
You came for that too? That's the movie I came for.
Dental School.
Which one?
I would've went to Big Choice, but the tape I want is right there on the wall.
Man! I hate it when I can't rent videos!
I know. I've been here since eleven.
You're kidding. It's almost eleven- thirty!
The guy ain't here yet.
Bye  That was Snowball.
Bye. 
I will. Take it easy.
That's cool. Well-you two lovebirds take it easy, all right?
I just talked to her on Monday. We still hang out on weekends.
Do you still talk to Sylvan?
No, I transferred into Monmouth this year. I was tired of missing him. 
No, I'm just visiting my man.  Dante, this is Willam Black.  This is Dante Hicks, my boyfriend.
Ronnie! How are you? You work here now?
Willam!
Exactly, cheesehead, exactly.
That woulda been cool.
Next time you're like watching MTV, y' know, like flip it to the weather channel for a split second and check it out.  I mean, hey, we could be home watching some righteous pornos.
What?
"It's a perfect day for a monster jump."  Hey man, can you like do me a favor?
No way, death-breath, that was too intense for thunder.  C'mon let's rock an' roll.
Did you catch that thunder?
C'mon, man--it's perfect weather for a monster, full-fledged gutrush!
Hey, Gabe, we're flyin' off the Tower today.  C'mon with us.
Man, I hate work even when somebody else does it!
Work!  Don't say that word, man.
How yo doin', Gabe!
Gabe!  Hey, man!  Gabe!  It's Gabe!
Cursin'.  That's a penalty kick for unsportsmanlike conduct, mate.
Fuck you.
Did I hear somethin' break? Outside left!
Who's shooting?
Hey, let's get something straight. If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, but you're always gonna be the asshole, so just shoot, alright.
Ready to die quiet-like, asshole.
More bang for the buck.
C-4?
Nothing, just tourist souvenirs.
Answer the man.
Where's the radio?
Jessie, Hal, come in...please report.  Over.
Rooster!  Forget the hen stuff. Be safe, honey.  Over.
If you can't make it back, I'll hold up at the Douglas Shaft. Stop worryin'.  You sound like a mother hen.
Jessie, girl this is insane. Weather stat called in wind gusts up to 50 knots for tonight.
I copy.
Jessie, Jessie, copy?
I admit, I can be bought.
And it's such a handsome head. Please Frank, and I swear I'll buy one of your paintings.
Hal will have my head for this.
If I don't meet up with them, you can come and pick me up by nightfall.
I don't know.
He said the Tower, but he's on Comb Bluff?  Frank, fly me to the west valley, the winds are never too bad there and it's only a half hour climb to the Douglas Shaft.
They're about two hundred yards from the top of the tower, right where that ledge comes out, Gabe.
Hal's signalling he's OK.
Y'know, Jessie, doesn't Frank look like a normal guy--but he's not,  are you Frank?
So...what are you, blind, son? This is a banana eating a monkey, nature in reverse.
A monkey?
What usually eats a banana?
Surprise me.
So, what do you see?
Hey, Jessie, you're just in time for another masterpiece.
WHEN SHE'S SAFE!
The money!
You do, and the spring thaw is going to be worth a lot of cash!
Throw it up or I'll kill her.
You're getting warmer!
Where are you, Walker?
Love's a killer, isn't it?
Copy.  Jessie, go to the top of Bitker ladder.
I want the money--meet me at the highest point from where you are. Don't do it and we're going to see if your angel here can fly. Copy?
Jessie!  Are you alright?
Qualen, glad you stuck around. There should be a few hundred cops looking to meet you.
Tucker?
I need my bolt gun and an ice axe.
Go on, fetch.
A bad climb, no, just another challenge.  What's life without 'em, right, Agent Travers.
Looks like the Tower.  It's a bad climb.
Suits, underwear, 100 million dollars...the usual stuff. Travers was smart enough to bring along a tracking device.  Step into my office.
Bags?
You know how the airlines are.
This is where your background in police work comes in handy--ask the questions, Travers.
It can't fly in this weather.
That was the first and last question-- now only answers. Where's the chopper?
You keep it.  Get up there if you can, and if you get a chance, do me a favor and kill him.
Take the gun.
Not on that leg.
I'm going with you.
Give him the money.
What are we going to do?
Hey, about everything that happened with Sarah.  I know you did what you could--
Near Freedom Falls.  She went for help.
How's your leg? I'll live.  Where'd you leave Jessie?
My pleasure.
Thanks for staying around when you didn't have to.
Would you?
Forget me.  If you can, get away.
If you want, do it.  I don't care.
No, buddy, it was you who dropped it!
And you weren't looking into her eyes when she fell.  Now drop it!
What the hell do you know about bad time.  You didn't love her, you didn't have to explain to her family.
Look, it was a bad time for everybody.
We'll never know, will we?
There wasn't time for anything else.
Well you were wrong! It was your weight on the line that did it--
I did what I thought was right.
You don't know anything. You did it your way and she died.
Look, I know--
Can't pass up another chance to play hero, can you.
I'm here for the same reason you are, so let's do it.
You're gone now!  I don't climb with people I can't trust.  Why'd you come up, to prove something?
When we get this group down, I'm gone.
Now let me fill you in.  You can get your ass back down an' go back to that hole you been hiding in--
I was with Jessie, she filled me in.
What the hell are you doing here?!
Sarah, hold on, he'll have you in a second.  Jesus Christ, grab her!
She's losing it!
The clip's not gonna hold!
No, stay off the line!  You'll break her loose!
I'm coming out!
Hey, fuck you.
Remember, keep your arms and legs within the vehicle at all times--
Wait 'til you get into trouble, just wait.
Rescue One -- have located helpless climber, please prepare <u>idiot line</u> for transport, over.
I love you, too.
Funny, he told me he twisted it gettin' out of a hot tub.
I think it's out.  No big deal. It's that old football injury.
Hey, anything for a friend. How's the knee?
Glad you could drop in.
You're not gonna die.  Grab me with your other hand!
Help me!  I don't want to die!
Use your other hand!  Grab it!
I'm here!  Sarah, I'm here!  I'm here--I've got you!
Please -- oh, no -- please!
Six...
Nice and easy...
Four...five...
Three...
That's it, you look like a professional.
Two...
One...
There you go.
I'm sorry for all the trouble... Thank you.
Sure you can.
Can I count as fast as I like?
Just keep lookin' at me and only think about the distance <u>across</u>. Count it as you go:  One, two...by eight you'll be there.
Please, can I think about this for a minute...Okay, I'm sorry, it's fine.  What do you want me to do?
Okay--I don't know about this.
Sarah, tonight why don't you and Hal come over for dinner?
Is it really four thousand?
She's tough.
Sarah, we could take off and leave this guy behind...
Fine, I guess...
How're ya feeling?
Hi, Gabe.
Room service...Hi, Sarah.
And miss all of this peace and quiet?  Never, right Hal?
There's a lot more where that came from.  You're not leaving again?
The "old mouth to mouth" resuscitation routine.
RUN, DAMMIT!!
What about you?!
Can't do it.  Now go back and get help!
Gabe?  Wait 'til I get over there.  Tie the rope so I can come across.
Just kidding.
Don't lay any guilt on me. Suicide's a personal thing, best done alone.
Fine, it shouldn't bother your conscience.
Forget it!  I refuse!
An' if I miss, dig in and try your best to slow the fall.
I'm going to wrap it around your throat!
Wrap it around that rock twice.
Enough's enough.  How could anybody in their right mind... then again, you never were in your right mind.
Take the rope.
I won't do it.  No way.
Take the rope.
Are you crazy?  Has the altitude shrunk your brain, Gabe?
We don't have time to argue about it!
Hand-holds?!  I can barely see them.
But maybe with a good start I can hit those hand-holds.
Oh, good. For a minute I thought you'd lost your mind.
What do you think?  Maybe I could reach the ledge without falling. No, forget it.
What about you?
That's exactly what I want you to do.
My heart can't take much more of this.  Look, if we climb down from here, it'll take two hours to get back to the station.
"Time is money" -- please.
Forget it.  You're in no shape to climb alone. I stayed with you this far, and you didn't drop me, so I owe you. C'mon, let's go.  Hurry up, time is money.
There's no "we".  There's a me. All I have to do is make it along the north wall to Bitker Ladder. What you're doing is going back down to the station to get help. And don't put on that mad face.
If we go along the northern ridge, we can get there first.
Crockett River is where the last of the money fell.
I don't know.  I don't know.
I'm holding you to that.  Gabe, what about Frank?
We were going together before I ever let go of you.
Thanks for holding on.
Do it, goddammit!
Don't let me fall!
Reach up!  Do it!
Hold on!  Hold on!  Reach up!
Gabe!
Jess, c'mon...
Frank!  No, Frank!  Frank!
Helluva time for vanity!
I've never weighed 135 lbs.!
Never, what?!
Never
These old ropes can hold 900 lbs., each strand 300.  I'm 190, you're about 135 -- it just may hold.
This rope is sixty years old!
Start pulling it apart!  We're climbing down on it.
What?
Pull it apart!
Forget it.  If that charge goes off before we can reach it, this whole damn crevice will slam shut on us.  This way.
We might be able to go that way.
We gotta get out and fire a flare.  It's the only chance!
They'll kill him!  He has no idea!
Get it!
She's a lyin' bitch!!
Next time, date only basketball players.
No luck?
For the record, whenever you hear me sliding out of control, I'm never alright.  When I secure the line, come on up.
Gabe are you alright?
Up ahead.
Can you see light?
No, not really.  Throw down a rope.
Gabe!  Are you alright?
If we don't get out of here soon we can ask him in person.
What was God thinking when he built this place?
Breathtaking.
Nice view, huh?
Cute.
Want me to lead?
A simple yes or no would have done.
I've gone this far, and right now I think I'm in better shape than you.
We have to get through to the other side.  You up for it?
Sure, just give it back when you're done.
If you're not using your arm, can I borrow it?
Yeah?
Gabe...your arm?
I don't know.  Here, lay down and get some rest.  We're going to need it.
Why can't things stay the way they are...everything has to change.  What we had was perfect.
No, actually it was more like mutual attacking.
Only kidding...<u>actually</u> I attacked you.
Can you think of something more romantic than attacked?
You attacked me.
It was great.
Of course I do.
Remember the first time we came up here?
Call me sentimental.
You still wear the cable necklace I gave you.
Making things real rough for Hal.
Neither can I.  What do you think they're doing now?
I can't believe you just said that.
I'm glad you find humor in this.  Do you know what people would do for that?
Man, it costs a fortune to heat this place.
Don't worry about me, just go.
What about you?
Take off and meet me at Eagle Cave.
You know me, I'm a night person.
They've got to find shelter soon, and so do we.  How are you holding up?
Excuse me?
Let's be creative.
Yeah, let's go.
For the same reason you did, to help.
That's no good. It'll be dark soon, there's no other shelter for ten miles. If they show, they'll take you too.  Why'd you have to come up here?!
I can't.  The radio's at the bottom of the shaft.  But Frank'll be looking for me soon. When he gets here I'll contact everybody from the chopper.
Before it crashed, they dumped three cases filled with millions. They're using Hal for a bird dog. Once they find the money, Hal's dead.  So get on your radio, contact Frank, have him pick you up, then contact the state police, the park police and anything else wearing a badge and tell them to get up here!  Do it Jessie.
Where's Hal, what's going on?
You got to go back now!
Frank dropped me in the west valley and I hiked.  You look frozen.  What's happening?!
How'd you get up here?
Looking for Hal.  Oh my God, I heard someone kick the door open...you came back.
What are you doing here!?
Gabe!?
I only came back for you.
Can't do it?  I don't believe this.  Don't you feel anything?
Can't do it.
I know you don't want to be responsible for anybody's life anymore, but walk away and you are responsible.  Please Gabe, he went up the west ridge.  If you go up the south face, you can catch him, no problem--
You mean the nerve.
I haven't climbed in months--you lose the feel.
What if he can't?
He can handle it.
That's not the issue here, those people are.  He can't do it alone.
He doesn't want my help.
If he gets up there and the weather gets as bad as it can, they'll never make it down.  He needs someone who has emergency medical training and knows every handhold on these peaks.
Hal knows what he's doing.
Thank God you didn't leave.  We just got a Mayday.  Seven climbers stranded off Comb Bluff. The weather's pouring in fast and Hal's gone up alone.
Jess--you look good.
You know where everything is...  I'm late for my shift.
If it's alright, I'm gonna pick up the rest of my gear.
And I can't leave.
Like I said, I can't turn it off.
You come back after being gone almost a year, and you expect me to just leave...  This was <u>our</u> home, now it's <u>my</u> home.  I can't leave.  You can stay with me, and believe me, I want you to, but to just take off for the wrong reasons, I can't do it.  And you shouldn't either.
It doesn't matter, anywhere but here.
Where?
I can't.  Not here.  If you want, I'd like you to come with me...somewhere else.
Gabe, did you come back to stay?  You didn't.
No, I think I will, it's safer. I have patience.
Course maybe you don't have to wait until I faint.
From one professional to another, of course.
Listen to you...  The old "mouth-to-mouth" resuscitation routine, huh?
Flare up of old emotions...
A flare up...
Maybe lead to a flare up...
Which could maybe what?
--mouth-to-mouth, which could maybe...
Resuscitation?
Okay, but if you do I'll have to perform resuscitation--
I'm not going to faint, but if I want to faint, I'll faint, okay?
Y'know, yelling at this altitude can lead to hyperventilation and fainting--
Did I miss something?
Why are you yelling?
Excuse me?
Why are you yelling?
You're saying, I don't understand?  I'm the <u>only</u> one who does understand.  I'm the one you lived with for two years, I'm the one you made promises to, I'm the one who spent too many nights looking up at these rocks and wondering if you were ever going to make it down in once piece or ever at all.  Believe me, there's been times I didn't know what I wanted to do more, love you or hate you.  But the one thing in our relationship that I did know and still do know is that I <u>understand you</u>.
You couldn't.
I don't understand?
I don't expect you to understand.
Then turn it off, Gabe, because it doesn't get any better.
I can't blame anything on Hal. It was me.  I play it back in my mind everyday.
I was there, you were the only one who didn't panic.  So do everyone a favor, don't hog all the guilt.  You held on as long as you could.  Yes, everything did go wrong, starting with Hal. I mean, what was he doing up on the Tower with a girl who could barely climb?
Did I?  I don't know.  Maybe I shouldn't have gone out on that line.  Maybe I panicked.
Why can't you believe that you did everything you could?
I don't think you do.
I know...
A lot of things fell apart up there.
Had to leave?  Believe me, we all wanted to leave...but you know what?  We stayed.
After the funeral I just had to leave.
Maybe I can help. Let's see... if one night I got up and packed up all my things and drove away without leaving so much as a note, and stayed away for months, I think what I'd want to do is come up with a well thought-out reason.
Working...I'm trying to figure out where to start.
Where've you been?
When you call me Gabriel, I know I've got trouble.
Hello, Gabriel.
On my way.  Alright Sarah, are you ready for the best ride in the park?
The winds are picking up.
Don't believe it...  You know the trouble with you is you have no brain filter. Everything you think just pours right out.
And when I came down, my morals were corrupted forever.
Oh, please.
Yeah, we were caught in a storm. I went up there an innocent climber...
Enough.
We spent a night there one night...
You can stop right there.
The ledge, I know it well, or should I say <u>we</u> know it well.
He knows it well.
Don't say that.  You'll embarrass Frank.
Oh, my God!  I can't recognize the face, but the butt does look vaguely familiar. 
Just hangin' out.
Gabe?  Gabe, where are you?
Wait, I think I have them sighted.  What's the word, Frank?
That's a virtue isn't it?
Patience my love, patience.
Do you see them yet?
Now you get burned.
Never could save a thing.
What the fuck you mean you burned it?
I burned it.
Your mouth's writing a check your ass can't cash, but if ya wanna buy some life, bring me the money.
Good memory.  You must be great with numbers.
Look here, the mountain man. You're Walker, right?
What are you talking about?
No, the goddamn game's not over! It's never over when you're playing against a team that doesn't care if they win or lose-- how do you negotiate with someone like that?!
Qualen, go fuck yourself.  The game's over--you lost.
Tucker, you know where the money is-- I want it.
When he finds the money, you're as dead as me.
Travers, you're not running things.
I'm touched.  Kristel, check the chopper, let's go.
He never hurt anybody.
There is.
You said there was a way across.
Kill a few people, they call you a murderer.  When you kill millions, you're called a conqueror.  Go figure.  Move on Tucker, time is short.
Murdering, motherfucker...
Sue me.
You son of a bitch!  You said you wouldn't kill him!
We're not animals, but don't force us to be.  Walk over.
For Christ's sake, they're kids.
How far?
It's up there, on the Tower.
No, he's close, and he's using our money to keep you alive. Nobody's worth that much on the open market.  Except you, the loyal one.  Didn't I tell you to warm the place up?
No, he's gone.
Souvenirs?  No, wrong answer. Looks like your friend plans on hanging around, that possible?
The only faster way up is the East Face and it's smooth as glass.  Maybe a dozen guys in the world could do it in good weather, only a psycho would try it in a storm.
Mr. Travers is not the athletic type, he needs something more direct.
Jessie, I reached the top of the Tower.  So far, no sign of anyone.  Looks like a phoney call. Over.
Talk.  No tricks, no codes, no messages.  You haven't found us. It was a fake call.
The best he can since you gave him nothing.
What's he doing?
Ryan, get a rope, I want the man on a leash, too.
He'll freeze.
Right, all the bullets we can eat.
The faster you find the bags, the bigger you boys' finder's fee will be.
What the hell's going on?
Where's the helicopter?
There.  You blind?
Then where the fuck is!
Half a day.
He asked you, how far?!  I think you've been taking the scenic route.  How far from here?
It looks like a winding route.
On top of the peak.
The down drafts would wipe her out.  It's the only chopper.  If it goes, you got no ride out.
Have her come up.
Tucker and Walker, we've lost three bags.
Tucker and Walker.
What's your names?
Anyone else following?
Yeah...
Then it's a deal.
Right.
Climb, Gabe, climb!
Oh, my God!
<u>Negative</u>.  The winds are too high.  I'm going to ride out the storm here.  I'll take shelter in the Douglas Exhibition Shaft. Over and out.
You gotta be kidding me!  Do you want me to fly up after you? Over.
Bob and Rick are in Denver.  I gotta get up there as fast as possible.  Frank, get me a load of flares.
Where's the rest of the team?
You're looking at him.
Who's going with you?
You and Frank get the tents, thermal clothing, and medical supplies together.
Acknowledge.  Winds are too strong to get a chopper up there, Are you near any natural shelter? Over.
Got to be Comb Bluff.
Hold on, baby, he'll get you.
Go after her.
Copy.  Hal, tell Gabe he only makes advances <u>to me</u> or else he'll be walking down four thousand feet, and sleeping outside.
Rescue One -- please be advised Ranger Walker is making advances toward my girlfriend that are liable to get his ass kicked right into space, over.
What the hell are you waiting for, goddammit!  Don't you see what he's doing!  He's hijacking the shipment!
Calm down...give the gun to me. You're out of control, son.
These are highly trained agents overreacting without just cause.
Now I have jurisdiction!  I said get your weapons.
What the hell are you doing--
Do you always transport through the air?
Who the hell ever is.  This is the most protected shipment we've got-- and the most useless. These bills aren't even <u>in</u> circulation; the one thousand dollar bills we're transporting are only used for international banking exchange.
I don't know about totally.
Get off the radio!
I don't give a shit, Qualen!  I had to be insane to ever tie up with a low-life, piece of shit like you.  They beat us.  A couple of fuckin' hick mountain boys beat the man no law agency ever could.
No names, this is an open line!
No, that son-of-a-bitch Walker is alive.
You got what we need?
Give me the fucking code!
I told you, 50,000 possible keycode combinations, in fifteen second intervals.
What's the code, Travers?
Insurance against him finding that last case ahead of us.
Why the hell are we wasting time here?!
Primed to go off right over his head, officer.
Is it set?
Hey, you dealt us this hand, we're playing it all the way. Move.
This is insane.  The hell with the money.  You radio in for that chopper, understand!
You dumb bastard, you waited too long.  If he made it back, this place would have been covered with police in a few hours.  The way we're moving, it's going to be anyway.
Good, Travers.  It might catch on, like shooting skeet.
We're down to a few hours before the whole world shows up here.  Where's the next one?
Jessie?  Looks like your friend found company.
He can't be far away.  Find him. Go!
He's alive!
Then go fetch.
This way.
Down there you buy a life, up here you earn it or die.  How's your health?
What about it?
Man against nature, right Travers.
We can't and he knows it.
Bring down the money or your friend's dead!
Kill him when he gets down.
I don't trust him.
We agree on something.  And for insurance, take his coat.
Don't give him anything.
I haven't even got on it yet.  Let's go, time to fetch.
Get off my back, Qualen!
There, what's that place?
Where's the third one, Travers?
You're both with the mountain rescue team?
Ask the questions.
Don't use my name!
The monitor! I never ask twice.
Why?  What are you going to do?!
Were.  Give me the tracking monitor!
Kill me?  Christ we're partners in this!
Let's move your ass in there!!
What's the delay?
Somehow I didn't think you'd wait for me if I'd sent it first.
Why didn't you send the money over?
On my way.  The cases are hooked up and ready.
Travers!  Hurry it up.
We should be.  Everybody wants what we have.
I think Treasury personnel are the most superstitious people in the federal government.
I haven't lost a bill in eighteen years, don't jinx me, Walt.
Mostly.  Armored cars can be hijacked.  Trains can be derailed.  But nobody can get to us in flight.
You're the boss.  Let's head out to the tarmac.  Matheson, have you been totally briefed?
Appreciate it.
We've got a full crew, but we can squeeze one more, right.
Matheson has been transferred from the Denver office to Frisco. As a professional courtesy between offices, I was asked if he could hitch a ride.
Richard Travers.
I'd like to have a word with you. This is Agent Matheson, FBI.
Good morning, Walt.
Rich...
Long time, is right. I don't remember them days too horrorshow. Don't call me Dim no more, either. Officer, call me.
I just don't get this all. It was them that went for me, brothers. You're not on their side and can't be. You can't be Dim. It was someone we fillied with back in the old days... Trying to get his own malenky bit of revenge after all this time. You remember, Dim?
Been cured, yeah, that was read out to us. The Inspector read all that out to us. He said it was a very good way.
I've been cured.
Been punished, yeah?
Come, come, my little droogies. I just don't get this at all. The old days are dead and gone. For what I did in the past I've been punished.
Come on, Alex. Come for walkies. Hahahahaha.
Impossible... I don't believe it.
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, if it isn't little Alex. Long time no viddy, droog. How goes? Surprised are you?
You bastards... bastards.
One minoota, droogie. Dim smashes Alex in the face with a full milk bottle. He goes down. The others run away, laughing.
Lets get things nice and sparkling clear. This sarcasm, if I may call it such, does not become you, O my brothers. As I am your droog and leader, I am entitled to know what goes on, eh? Now then, Dim, what does that great big horsy gape of a grin portend?
Sorry about the pain. Using the gulliver to much like, eh? Giving orders and disciplining and that perhaps, eh? You sure the pain's gone? You sure you'll not be happier back up in bed.
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
He are here! He have arrived! Hooray!
Doobidoob... a bit tired maybe, everybody is. A long night for growing malchicks... best not to say more. Bedways is rigthways now, so best we go homeways and get a bit of spatchka. Right, right.
A nozh scrap any time you say. Dim weakens.
Yarbles, great bolshy yarblockos to you I'll meet you with chain, or nozh or britva, any time, not having you aiming tolchocks at me reasonless. It stands to reason, I won't have it.
Watch that... Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.
I don't like you should do what you done. And I'm not your brother no more and wouldn't want to be.
For being a bastard with no manners and not a dook of an idea how to comport yourself publicwise, O my Brother.
What did you do that for?
There was some sophistos from the TV studios around the corner, laughing an govoreeting. The Devotchka was smecking away, and not caring about the wicked world one bit. Then the disc on the stereo twanged off and out, and in the short silence before the next one came on, she suddenly came with a burst of singing, and it was like for a moment, O my brothers, some great bird had flown into the milkbar and I felt all the malenky little hairs on my plott standing endwise, athe shivers crawling up like slow malenky lizards and then down again. Because I knew what she sang. It was a bit from the glorious 9th, by Ludwig van. Dim makes a lip-trump followed by a dog howl, followed by two fingers pronging twice in the air, followed by a clowny guffaw. Alex brings his stick down smartly on Dim's legs.
Pardon me. Luce. He raises glass to breast, pulls red handle between her legs. Milk spurts into glass. Dim joins the others. Alex looks at a party of tourists.
We've been working hard too. Takes glass.
Hello Lucy, had a busy night? Puts money in machine.
No, no my boy. No trouble at all. Alex slowly sits.
Look, sir. I'm sorry to have troubled you. I think I ought to be going, sir. Julian bars the way.
Julian. This will be these people now. Alex gets up.
They're very, very important people and they're interested in you. Bell rings. Julian rises,
Who are they, sir?
Help you.
Help me, sir?
Yes. They want to help.
Phoned some friends, sir?
And now you, another victim of the modern age. But you can be helped. I phoned some friends while you were having a bath.
She was very badly raped, you see. We were assaulted by a gang of vicious young hooligans in this house, in this very room you're sitting in now. I was left a helpless cripple. The doctors said it was Pneumonia, because it happened some months later during the 'flu epidemic. The doctors told me it was Pneumonia, but I knew what it was. A victim of the modern age, poor, poor girl. Suddenly his mood changes. He wheels right up to Alex.
I'm sorry to hear about that, sir. His face contorted in rage.
No. She's dead!
Your wife, sir? Has she gone away?
... used to do everything for me and leave me to my writing.
My wife... Alex freezes.
Thank you, sir.
I'm so pleased you appreciate good wine. Have another glass!
And you, sir?
No, my health doesn't allow it.
Won't you join me, sir?
Thank you very much, sir. Cheers Suddenly the thought occurs to Alex that the wine may be drugged or poisoned.
Try the wine!
Great, sir. Great.
Of course. Food alright?
It was very kind of you to leave this out for me, sir. There was no-one around when I finished my bath, so I started. I hope that's alright, sir.
Good evening.
Good evening, sir.
Then, by God, you have been sent here by providence. Tortured in prison, then thrown out to be tortured by the Police. My heart goes out to you, poor, poor boy. Oh, you are not the first to come here in distress. The Police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it is providential that you, who are also another kind of victim, should come here. But you're cold and shivering. Julian, draw a bath for this young man.
Yes, sir, that's exactly who I am, sir... and what I am... a victim, sir. Mr. Alexander becomes frenzied as the speech progresses.
I know who you are! Isn't it your picture in the newspapers? Didn't I see you this morning on the video? Are you not the poor victim of this horrible new technique?
The police... The horrible ghastly Police. They beat me up, sir. The Police beat me up, sir. Mr. Alexander stares at him. It becomes apparent he is insane.
Dear, dear, dear. Whatever happened to you, my boy? Mr. Alexander, now confined to a wheelchair, pushes himself away from his desk, and rolls up to Julian. The water drips off Alex's clothes. They look at each other.
Cut the shit, sonny, and get out of here before you get yourself in some very serious trouble. He rocks the giant phallus which has a special weight swinging inside causing it to swing up and down an eccentric motion.
You see, madam, I am part of an international student's contest to see who can get the most points for selling magazines.
No! No! Don't touch it. That's a very important work of art. What the bloody hell do you want?
Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
Now listen here, you little bastard, just you turn around and walk out of here the same way as you came in. Alex eyes a giant white, fibreglass phallic sculpture on the table beside him.
Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?
What the bloody hell d'you think you're doing?
Hi, hi, hi there, at last we meet.
Very well, madam. I suppose you can't be blamed for being suspicious with so many scoundrels and rouges of the night about. Alex walks away from door, then ducks into the bushes where the others are hiding. They put on their maskies and follow Alex round to the rear of the house.
I... I'm very sorry, but I never open. I'm very sorry but I never open the door to strangers after dark.
But, missus, this is an emergency. It's a matter of life and death. Me friend's lying in the middle of the road bleeding to death.
I'm frightfully sorry. There is a telephone in the Public House about a mile down the road. I suggest you use that.
Excuse me, missus, can you please help? There's been a terrible accident. Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?
Yes, sir. Rubinstein takes out a notebook.
Well, shall we get down to it?
What would you like to know, sir?
But first we'd like to find out a few things about you.
Thank you very much, sir.
Well, as I've said, we've heard about you. We are interested in your case. We want to help you.
Fine, sir, fine.
Feel like talking to us. Answering a few questions?
Much better, thank you, sir.
Hahaha, and how are you feeling now?
Yes, sir. I suppose you might call it that, sir.
I understand that you had a rather unfortunate encounter with the Police tonight.
Very kind of you, sir. Thank you very much.
Missus. Very pleased to meet you.
Hullo.
How do you do, sir?
So this is the young man?
Sorry, Em, I wanted it to be like... a big surprise for you and pee.
Why didn't you let us know what was happening, son?
Hullo love, how are you?  Nice to see you, Dad.
Alex.
Hi. Hi. Hi, there my Pee and Em. All three look up startled.
Alright, Mum... have a nice day at the factory.
Eeee... I'll put your breakfast in the oven. I've got to be off myself now.
I've got to rest, Mum... got to get fit, otherwise I'm liable to miss a lot more school.
You've not been to school all week, son.
Bit of pain in the gulliver, Mum. Leave us be and I'll try to sleep it off... then I'll be as right as dodgers for this after.
It's past eight, Alex, you don't want to be late for school, son.
It will be your own torture. I hope to God it will torture you to madness.
You try to frighten me, sir, admit so, sir. This is some new form of torture. Say it, brother, sir.
I've just come back from the hospital. Your victim has died.
Not true, sir. It was only a slight tolchock. She was breathing, I swear it.
You are now a murderer, little Alex. A murderer, yes.
As an unmuddied lake, sir. Clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, sir. Deltoid drinks again but this time sees the teeth in the glass. He groans and retches.
That's just worries me. A bit too long to long to be reasonable. You're about due now by my reckoning, that's why I'm warning you, little Alex, to keep your handsome young proboscis out of the dirt. Do I make myself clear?
Nobody's got anything on me, brother, sir. I've been out of the rookers of the milicents for a long time now.
What gets into you all? We study the problem. We've been studying it for damn well near a century, yes, but we get no further with our studies. You've got a good home here, good loving parents, you've got not too bad of a brain. Is it some devil that crawls inside of you?
Cut out all this clever talk about milicents. Just because the Police haven't picked you up lately doesn't, as you very well know, mean that you've not been up to some nastiness. There was a bit of a nastiness last night, yes. Some very extreme nastiness, yes. A few of a certain Billyboy's friends were ambluenced off late last night, yes. Your name was mentioned, the word's got thru to me by the usual channels. Certain friends of yours were named also. Oh, nobody can prove anything about anybody as usual, but I'm warning you, little Alex, being a good friend to you as always, the one man in this sore and sick community who wants to save you from yourself. Deltoid makes a grab for Alex's joint but finds his hand instead. Alex laughs. Derisively and rises. Deltoid distractedly reaches for a glass of water on the night table, and fails to notice a set of false teeth soaking in them. He drinks from the glass. The clink of the teeth sounding like ice-cubes.
I've been doing nothing I shouldn't, sir. The millicents have nothing on me, brother, sir, I mean. Deltoid pulls Alex down on the bed.
A big black mark I tell you for every one we don't reclaim. A confession of failure for every one of you who ends up in the stripy hole.
Because next time it's going to be the barry place and all my work ruined. If you've no respect for your horrible self, you at least might have some for me who'se sweated over you. He slaps Alex on the knee.
Well, yes, it's just a manner of speech from your Post Corrective Advisor to you that you watch out, little Alex. He puts his arm round Alex's shoulder.
Just a manner of speech, sir.
Wrong? Why should you think of anything being wrong, have you been doing something you shouldn't. Yes? He shakes Alex's hair.
To what do I owe this extreme pleasure, sir? Anything wrong, sir? Deltoid "playfully" grabs Alex's hair.
No time, no time, yes. Sit, sit, sit. Alex sits next to him.
A cup of the old chai, sir?
Oh, or certainly by this evening, yes? The evening's a great time, isn't it, Alex boy?
A rather intolerable pain in the head, brother, sir. I think it should be clear by this afterlunch.
Ah, Alex boy, awake at last, yes? I met your mother on the way to work, yes? She gave me the key. She said something about a pain somewhere... hence not at school , yes?
Well done, Frank. Julian, get the car, will you please?
Um... well, put it this way... I feel very low in myself. I can't see much in the future, and I feel that any second something terrible is going to happen to me. He pitches forward, face into the plate of spaghetti.
Do you still feel suicidal?
Um... oh no, sir, not exactly, I still feel very miserable, very much down in spirits.
Do you feel that way now?
Snuff it, sir... um... death, I mean, missus... Er... I just want to die peacefully like with no... pain.
I beg your pardon?
That is correct, sir. And then all I can think about is like trying to snuff it.
When you say this funny feeling, you mean the state of mind brought on by the treatment they gave you?
That's right. Er... I can't listen to the 9th any more at all. When I hear the 9th, I get like this funny feeling.
You mean Beethoven's 9th Symphony?
Oh well, it's... it's not all music you see, Missus. It's just the 9th.
So now you have the same reaction to music as you do to sex and violence?
And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film, of like a concentration camp, the background music was playing Beethoven.
It's alright, thank you.
Well, er, I think that was something that they hadn't planned for, you see, Missus, I'm very fond of music and always have been, especially Beethoven, Ludwig van... Beethoven. B... E... E... He leans over and looks at her writing in notebook.
The newspapers mentioned that in addition to your being conditioned against acts of sex and violence, you've inadvertently been conditioned against music.
Tell me more, Georgie Boy.
It's this Health Farm. A bit out of the town. Isolated. It's owned by this like very rich ptitsa who lives there with her cats. The place is shut down for a week and she's completely on her own, and it's full up with like gold and silver and like jewels.
Come, come, come, Georgie Boy. You're a big strong chelloveck like us all. We're not little children, are we, Georgie Boy? What, then, didst thou in thy mind have? Confrontation. Georgie backs down.
Not tonight - not this nochy.
Oh, the old moloko-plus first, would you not say
Good. Real horrorshow. Initiative comes to them as waits. I've taught you much, my little droogies. Now tell me what you have in mind, Georgie Boy.
Brother, you think and talk sometimes like a little child. Tonight we pull a mansize crast.
And what will you do with the big, big, money? Have you not everything you need? If you need a motor-car, you pluck it from the trees. If you need pretty polly, you take it.
Well, we go round shop crasting and the like, coming out with a pitiful rookerful of money each.
New way? What's this about a new way? There's been some very large talk behind my sleeping back, and no error. Let me hear more.
All right, no more picking on Dim, brother. That's part of the new way.
Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
We got worried. There we were waiting and drinking away at the old knify Moloko and you had not turned up and we thought you might have been like offended by something or other, so around we come to your abode.
Thank you, Fred. Thank you. Minister turns and signals. Door opens and a crowd of cameramen and reporters rush in. Aides push two 6-foot loudspeakers and a Hi-Fi on a trolley.
One I think you will like... as a, how shall I put it, as a symbol of our new understanding. An understanding between two friends.
Surprise?
Good... good boy. Oh yes, I understand you're fond of music. I have arranged a little surprise for you.
As an unmuddied lake, Fred. As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, Fred.
My name is Frederick. As I was saying, Alex, you can be instrumental in changing the public verdict. Do you understand, Alex? Have I made myself clear?
Certainly, sir. What do they call you at home?
Mmmm, possibly. Yes. But public opinion has a way of changing and you, Alex, if I may call you, Alex?
Well, who can blame them, sir?
We always help our friends, don't we?  It is no secret that the Government has lost a lot of popularity because of you, my boy. There are some that think that at the next election we shall be out. The press has chosen to take a very unfavourable view of what we tried to do.
Helping you, sir?
You must have an interesting job at a salary which you would regard as adequate. Not only for the job which you are going to do and in compensation for what you believe you have suffered, but also because you are helping us.
What job and how much?
We put him away where he can do you no harm. You see we are looking after your interests. We are interested in you, and when you leave here you will have no further worries. We shall see to everything... a good job on a good salary.
Where is he now, sir?
I can tell you that I... and the Government of which I am a member are deeply sorry about this, my boy. Deeply sorry. We tried to help you. We followed recommendations had been made to us that turned out to be wrong. An enquiry will place the responsibility where it belongs. We want you to regard us as friends. We've put you right, you're the best of treatments. We never wished you harm, but there are some that did and do, and I think you know who those are. There are certain people who wanted to use you for political ends. People who would have been glad to have you dead because then they would have been able to blame it all on the Government. I think you know who those are. There is also a certain man - a writer of subversive literature - who has been howling for your blood. He's been mad with desire to stick a knife into you, but you're safe from him now, we've put him away. He found out that you had done wrong to him - at least he believed you had done wrong. He had formed this idea in his head that you h
Thank you, sir.
Yes I can... Oh look, let me do that for you, shall I?
I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
Yes... well good to see you on the mend. I've kept in constant touch with the hospital, of course, and now I've come to see you personally to see how you're getting along.
Yes, sir, and a very lovely place it is too, sir, when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain.
Hi, hi, hi there, my little droogies.
Good evening, my boy.
Fine. Absolutely fine. You see, Ladies and Gentlemen our subject is, you see, impelled towards good by paradoxically being impelled toward evil. The intention to act violently is accompanied by strong feelings of physical distress. To counter these, the subject has to switch to a diametrically opposed attitude. Any questions? Priest rises and moves to Alex.
Was I alright, sir? Did I do well, sir?
Good.
No, sir, I feel really great.
Not feeling too bad now are you?
Thank you very much. Thank you my dear. Girl bows and exits to loud applause.
She came towards me with the light like it was the like light of heavenly grace, and the first thing that flashed into my gulliver was that I would like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out, real savage. But quick as a shot came the sickness, like a detective that had been watching around the corner and now followed to make his arrest. Alex retching. Minister rises.
Let's hope you make the most of it, my boy.
Thank you very much for this chance, sir.
The accidental killing of a person, sir.
What crime did you commit.
I did, sir.
Who said that?
There, there mother, it's alright. He doesn't mean it. You were in the papers again, son. It said they had done great wrong to you. It said how the Government drove you to try and do yourself in... and when you think about it, son... maybe it was our fault too in a way... your home's your home when it's all said and done, son. Em sobs.
What gives, O my Pee and Em, what makes you think you are welcome? Em sobs. Pee comforts her.
Well, all this needs thinking about, son. I mean we can't very well just kick Joe out... Not just like that, can we? I mean Joe is here doing a job. A contract it is, two years. Well, we made like an arrangement, didn't we Joe? You see, son, Joe's paid next month's rent already so, well, whatever we do in the future, we cant just say to Joe to get out, now can we?
What's gonna happen to me then? I mean that's my room he's in - there's no denying that. This is my home also. What suggestions have you, my Pee and Em, to make?
Oh well, he met with like an accident. He passed away. Alex becomes a bit weepy.
What about Basil? Where's my snake?
Well. That was all took away, son, by the Police. New regulation about compensation for the victim.
No thanks, Mum. It'll pass in a minute...  ... What have you done with all my own personal things?
How do you do, Joe? Find the room comfortable, do you? No complaints?
Aye, that's Joe. He... ummmm, lives here now. The lodger. That's what he is... he... he rents your room. Alex confronts Joe.
Hey, Dad, there's a strange fella sitting on the sofa there munchy- wunching lomticks of toast.
Oh, aye, aye.
Well, still the same old place then, eh?
Aye.
That's right, Dad they did a great job on my gulliver, I'm completely reformed.
Aye. Glad to see you back, lad.
Well - I'm back.
Oh fine, fi. Keeping out of trouble, you know.
Well, how are you then?
Fine, fine.
Keeping fit then?
Hullo lad. What a surprise, good to see you.
And, O my brothers, would you believe your faithful friend and long suffering narrator pushed out his red yahzik a mile and a half to lick the grahzny, vonny boots. The horrible killing sickness had wooshed up and turned the like joy of battle into a feeling I was going to snuff it. Minister rises.
... And again... Go on!!! Again! There's a good boy.
You wanna get up? Well, you've gotta you see... well I want you to lick it. Go on... Lick it. Alex, gagging and coughing, licks the sole of his shoe.
Let me get up.
You wanna be sick?
I wanna be sick.
You're gonna be sick are you?
I'm gonna be sick.
... because I don't like you horrible type, do I, and if you want to start something... if you want to start... go on... well, you just start. Please do. Alex retching.
... and that... He pulls Alex's ear, pushes him off balance and plants his foot on his chest.
... and this... He pulls Alex's nose.
You want to know why I did that, well you see - I do that... He stamps on Alex's foot.
Why did you do that, brother? I've never done wrong to you.
Oh. Oh, you're sorry are you, well you must think I'm awfully stupid. He slaps Alex in the face.
Sorry, brother. I didn't mean any offence.
What do I want?
No, brother. What d'you want?
Oh, he had a shower this morning. You trying to call me a liar?
Why do you say that, brother? I had a shower this morning.
Hello, heap of dirt. Pooh, you don't wash much do you, judging by the horrible smell.
Right. Halt the prisoner. Good morning, sir, I'm Chief Officer Barnes. I've got 655321 on a transfer from Parkmoor to the Ludovico Centre, sir!
The next morning I was taken to the Ludovico Medical Facility, outside the town centre, and I felt a malenky bit sad having to say goodbye to the old Staja, as you always will when you leave a place you've like gotten used to. Chief Guard briskly leads the way for Alex and escort. They move into reception hall where the Doctor stands.
Shut your bleedin' hole!!!
You're absolutely right, sir.
Yes, sir.
Through there for a bath.
No, sir.
Lice?
No, sir.
Crabs?
No, sir.
Right. The mothballs, Mister.
No, sir.
No, sir.
Are you an Epileptic?
No, sir.
Do you wear any false teeth or false limbs?
No, sir.
Have you ever had any mental illness?
No, sir.
Do you wear eye glasses or contact lenses?
Blue eyes, yes, sir.
Blue eyes?
Fair hair, sir.
Brown hair, is it?
Yes, sir, Church of England, sir.
Do you mean Church of England?
C of E, sir.
Religion?
No, sir.
Now then, were you in Police custody this morning?
The chocolate and cigarettes you brought in - you lose that as you are now convicted. Now go over to the table and get undressed. Alex walks to table and undresses. Chief Guard moves to table with his clipboard.
Right. Sign here for your valuable property. Alex signs.
No, sir.
One half bar of chocolate. One bunch of keys on white metal ring. One packet of cigarettes. Two plastic ball pens - one black, one red. One pocket comb - black plastic. One address book - imitation red leather. One ten penny piece. One white metal wristlet watch, "Timawrist" on a white metal expanding bracelet. Anything else in your pockets?
Pick that up and put it down properly. Alex does so, and continues to empty his pockets.
Right carry on. Alex tosses a bar of chocolate on the desk.
Yes sir.
Then your toes belong on the other side of it!!!
Yes, sir.
Right. Take the cuffs off him, Mister. The cuffs are removed.
Murder, sir.
Crime?
Alexander de Large, sir.
You are now in H.M. Prison Parkmoor and from this moment you will address all prison officers as sir! Name?
Yes!!!
You've heard Beethoven before?
Yes!!!
Are you referring to the background score?
You felt ill this afternoon because you're getting better. You see, when we're healthy we respond to the presence of the hateful with fear and nausea. You're becoming healthy that's all. By this time tomorrow you'll be healthier still.
I just don't understand about feeling sick the way I did. I never used to feel sick before. I used to feel like the very opposite. I mean, doing it or watching it, I used to feel real horrorshow. I just don't understand why, how what.
Well, of course, it was horrible. Violence is a very horrible thing. That's what you're learning now. Your body is learning it.
But it was horrible.
I imagine you'll be feeling a little bit limp by the end of the day. But we have to be hard on you. You have to be cured.
You mean, I have to viddy two sessions in one day?
Well, that was a very promising start. By my calculations, you should be starting to feel alright again. Yes? Dr. Brodsky's pleased with you. Now tomorrow there'll be two sessions, of course, morning and afternoon.
Well, that's good. I like to viddy the old films now and again.
Something like that.
You mean like going to the pictures?
It's quite simple really. Were just going to show you some films.
What exactly is the treatment here going to be then?
Something like that. You are a little undernourished, so after each meal were going to give you a shot. Roll over on your right side please, loosen your pyjama pants and pull them half-way down. He does, somewhat reluctantly. She gives him a shot in the bum.
Vitamins will it be then?
Oh no, nothing of the sort.
What's the hypo for then? Going to send me to sleep?
I hope so, Missus. She inserts a needle into the medicine vial.
We're going to friends now, sir.
I realise all that, Missus, and I'm very grateful to all concerned.
Good. In a few minutes, you'll meeting Dr. Brodsky and we'll begin your treatment. You're a very lucky boy to have been chosen.
Fine... fine.
How're you feeling this morning?
Indeed it is. May I take this She removes his tray.
Good Morning, Missus. Lovely day, isn't it?
Good morning, Alex, my name is Dr. Branom. I'm Doctor Brodsky's assistant.
I'm sure it won't be long now.
And when do I get out of here then?
It's not that kind of a test. But you seem well on the way to a complete recovery.
How many did I get right?
Good. I'm glad
I was quite enjoying that.
Yes.
I hope so. Is that the end then?
Fine. Well, that's all there is to it. Are you alright?
Fucking hell...
Eggiwegs. I would like to smash 'em. Pick up th elot and f... owww... He slams his hand down and cries out with pain.
Good. You can do whatever you like with these.
Excuse me, missus. No time for the old in-out, I've just come to read the meter. Slide of bird's nest with eggs.
Good. What do you want?
Bollocks. You know what you can do with that watch? You can stick it up your arse. Slide of nude woman in bed, a man at the window.
Good. It wa your fault... you sold me a crummy watch. I want my money back.
That's right and I'll smash your face for you, yarblockos. Slide of watch shop.
Good. The boy you always quarrelled with is seriously ill.
Right... Knickers... Cabbages... It doesn't have a beak. Alex laughs. Slide of woman speaking to boy.
Yes. Yes, well don't think about it too long, just say the first thing that pops into your mind.
I just say what the other person would say?
Isn't the plumage beautiful?
Righty, right. The doctor reads aloud the dialogue printed in the cartoon balloon - a peacock.
Now then, each of these slides needs a reply from one of the people in the picture. You'll tell me what you think the person would say. Alright?
Oh.
Patients who've sustained the kind of injuries you have often have dreams of this sort. It's all part of the recovery process.
Well, when I was all like ashamed up and half awake and unconscious like, I kept having this dream like all these doctors were playing around with me gulliver. You know... like the inside of me brain. I seemed to have this dream over and over again. D'you think it means anything?
Yes?
Ohhh... jolly good. Perhaps you can explain me something to me first.
No... I'm going to show you some slides and you are going to tell me what you think about them Alright?
What are we going to do? Talk about me sex life?
Just part of hospital routine.
Psychiatrist? Huh, do I need one?
I'm your Psychiatrist.
I haven't seen you before.
Good. I'm doctor Taylor.
Fine. Fine.
How are you feeling today?
No, no, boy. You really must leave it to us, but be cheerful about it. In less than a fortnight now, you'll be a free man.
But, Sir... Missus... I see that it's wrong! It's wrong because it's like against like society. It's wrong because everybody has the right to live and be happy without being tolchocked and knifed.
You must take your chance boy. The choice has been all yours.
You're not cured yet, my boy.
You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultra-violence and killing is wrong and terribly wrong. I've learned my lesson, sir. I see now what I've never seen before I'm cured, praise Bog!
Yes!!!
You're keen on music?
That!... Using Ludwig van like that! He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.
What's all this about sin?
Let me be sick... I want to get up. Get me something to be sick in... Stop the film... Please stop it... I can't stand it any more. Stop it please... please.
Very soon now the drug will cause the subject to experience a death- like paralysis together with deep feelings of terror and helplessness. One of our earlier test subjects described it as being like death, a sense of stifling and drowning, and it is during this period we have found the subject will make his most rewarding associations between his catastrophic experience and environment and the violence he sees. Alex retching violently and struggling against his strait jacket.
Then there was like a sea of dirty, smelly old men trying to get at your humble Narrator, with their feeble rookers and horny old claws. It was Old Age having a go at Youth and I daren't do a single solitary thing, O my brothers, it being better to be hit at like that, than want to be sick and feel that horrible pain. The Tramp crowd round Alex, shouting.
They laughed at me blood and me moans. This murderous young pig is a prize specimen of the cowardly brutal young. He is in our midst and at our mercy. Give it to him. That's it. Old Tramps begin to beat at Alex.
Stop him! Stop him! A leg is stuck out and Alex goes down. The tramp swarm all over him.
This is the poisonous young swine that near done me in. Him and his friends beat me and kicked me and thumped me. Alex breaks away again.
Leave me alone, brother. I've never seen you before. Tramp shouts to other Meths drinkers and Tramps.
I never forget a face! I never forget any face, be God!
Jamey Mack! Be the hokey fly! Holy Mother of God! All the Holy Angels and blessed saints in Heaven preserve us. Alex breaks away but the Tramp toddles alongside him.
Oh, thankyou, your honour. The Tramp takes a second look at Alex.
Can you spare me some cutter, me brother? Can you spare some cutter, me brother? Alex, without looking at him, reaches in his pocket and gives him some money.
It's a stinking world because there's no law and order any more. It's a stinking world because it lets the young get onto the old like you done. It's no world for an old man any more. What sort of a world is it at all? Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth and there's not no attention paid to earthly law and order no more. The Tramp starts singing again.
Oh - and what's so stinking about it?
Oh-hhh!!! Go on, do me in you bastard cowards. I don't want to live anyway, not in a stinking world like this.
Can you... can you spare some cutter, me brothers? Alex rams his stick into the Tramp's stomach. The boys laugh.
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
Amen. They cross themselves.
Instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul.
Be patient, my son, and put your trust in the Lord.
I don't understand about the whys and wherefores, Father. I only know I want to be good.
The question is weather or not this technique really makes a man good. Goodness comes from within. Goodness is chosen. When a man cannot chose, he ceases to be a man.
I don't care about the danger, Father. I just want to be good. I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness.
It has not been used yet in this prison. The Governor has grave doubts about it and I have heard that there are very serious dangers involved.
But it is being used, isn't it, Father?
That's not proven, 655321. In fact, it is only in the experimental stage at this moment.
I don't know what it's called, Father, all I know is that it gets you out quickly and makes sure that you never get in again.
I take it you are referring to the Ludovico Technique?
These things get around, Father. Two Warders talk as it might be, and somebody can't help overhearing what they say. Then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper tells all about it. How about putting me in for this new treatment, Father?
Where did you hear about this? Whose been talking about these things?
No Father. It's nothing like that, Father. It's about this new thing they're all talking about. About this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure you never get back in again.
Certainly, my son, certainly. Is there something troubling you, my son? Don't be shy to speak up. Remember, I know all the urges that can trouble young men deprived of the society of women.
Father - may I ask you a question in private?
You certainly have not, 655321. You've been very helpful, and you've shown a genuine desire to reform.
And, Father, I've never been guilty of any institutional infractions, have I?
Indeed.
I've done my best, have I not?
You have, my son.
Father, I have tried, have I not?
Fine, my boy, fine, fine.
If thou lose hope being weary in the days of distress, thy strength shall be diminished.
Now then. Face the wall. Bend over and touch your toes. Chief Guard inspects Alex's anus with a penlight.
Mothballs, sir.
Are you now, or ever have been, a homosexual?
One pair of underpants - white with blue waistband.
Have you ever had any attacks of fainting or dizziness?
One pair of trousers - blue pinstriped.
Have you been receiving medical treatment for any serious illness?
One shirt - blue, collar attached.
Prison custody?
One jacket - blue pinstripe.
It says that you are willing to have the residue of your sentence commuted to the Ludovico treatment. Alex signs. Governor gathers up papers. Alex dots the last "i" and smiles.
Don't read it - sign it!
Answer when the Governor asks you a question you filthy young swine!
You are to be reformed. Tomorrow you go to this man, Brodsky. You wbe leaving here. You will be transferred to the Ludovico Medical Facility. It is believed that you will be able to leave State custody in a little over a fortnight. I suppose that prospect pleases you?
Shut your filthy hole, you scum!!!
Forward to the white line, toes behind it. Full name and number to the Governor. Chief Guard closes door.
Very good, Chief. Chief Guard turns to Alex.
Sir, 655321, sir.
Sir.
Carry on, Chief.
Leave to carry on, sir, please?
Very good, Chief. They inspect cells.
This is to make sure you stay cured. Georgie hits Alex in the stomach with his blackjack. Then, they push his head under the water and methodically start to beat him with their blackjacks. After a full minute of this, they drag him out, halt-drowned,
Enough is remembered though, little Alex. Dim and Georgie laugh. They drag Alex to a low water through.
Something to sharpen us up, you especially. We have the start.
Moloko-plus.
Big, big money.
The shiny stuff. The Ice. The big, big, big money is available's what Will the English says.
Yeah... Pete the English.
And there's Will the English in the Muscleman coffee mesto saying he can fence anything that anything that any malchick tries to crast.
Pitiful rookerful...
Are you feeling better?
Hullo, son, how are you?
Would you like me to make you a nice cup of tea, son?
D'you think we should do something?
Dad... It's the treatment. More retching.
Well, what's the matter lad, are you feeling alright?
Aye. You should have let us know, lad, not that we're not very pleased to see you again. All cured too, eh?
We've only just read about it in the morning papers.
Well, it's a surprise all right, a bit bewildering too.
Well, like he says, it's mostly odd things he does, helping like... here and there, as it might be.
I wonder where exactly is it he goes to work of evenings.
No I don't know, luv, I'd taken my sleepers.
Yes, I heard. D'you know what time he got in last night?
Thank you.
Shall we go to my office?
No, no, no. That's enough. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.
Well, fine... we could still look at C-Block.
Not a chance, my dear fellow. The Ggovernment can't be concerned any longer with outmoded penological theories. Soon we may be needing all of out prison space for political offenders. Common criminals like these are best dealt with on a purely curative basis. Kill the criminal reflex that's all. Full implementation in a year's time. Punishment means nothing to them, you can see that... they enjoy their so-called punishment. Alex seizes his chance as they pass by.
I agree, sir. What we need are larger prisons. More money.
Cram criminals together and what do you get - concentrated criminality... crime in the midst of punishment.
Four in this block, sir.
How many to a cell?
Yes!  Stay put, goddamn it!  Don't move from that spot...
Max, I'm scared.  Are you sure?
He doesn't know you're up there!  Just stay right where you are!  Call the police!
Seventh, files section.  What should I do?
Where are you, what floor?
In my office?
...he's two floors below you.
No, no, <u>wait</u>...
...okay, Max, I believe you...I'll get out of the building...
It doesn't matter!  Just get out of the goddamn building...
Did you say <u>Dmitri?</u> How do you know about my case?  I don't understand...
Dmitri hired him!  He's already killed all your witnesses, now he's coming after you!  He was stalking you when I dropped you off.  I don't know what happened, but he diverted and got into my cab, instead.
If this is a joke, it's not funny.
<u>Kill</u> you!  He's coming to kill you!
He's...what?  Say again?  We're in cell hell...
Listen to me!  Just listen, okay? There's a man, Vincent, he's coming to kill you!
Max?  Oh...  ...it's kind of a strange time to be calling...
Max, the cab driver!
Max...
Annie...it's Max.
Sure thing.
Thanks for everything, Max.  Wow...
Yes, you could.  I think you need it more than I do.  It'll help.  I promise.
No, no way, I couldn't take that...
Dozen times a day.
How often you go?
Soon.  But I take little ones all the time.  Comoros Islands in the Indian Ocean.
When was the last time you took one?
Not in a cab...  I mean a disconnection...get your head straight...you know, get it together...
Just had one.
You need a vacation.
Like you, I'm good at it.  But at this exact moment in time...like I gotta sumo wrestler on my shoulders until tomorrow morning.
But not now?
Most of the time.
You never answered my question.  You like what you do?
Yeah.
Big case?
Not quite.  He did defense.  I'm a prosecutor...
...Bottega.  Guy gets in my cab wearing a catcher's mask, I think he's a ballplayer.  You?  Definitely Clarence Darrow.
Bottega.
Sure.  I'm starting an 800 hotline.  Caught part of your phone call.  And even if I hadn't, there's the dark pinstripe, Armani, elegant, not too hip, which rules out advertising, plus a top-of-the-line briefcase that you live out of, looks like Bottega...
You psychic?
You like being a lawyer?
Travel...and things.
Like what?
This?  Temporary.  To pay the bills and save. I got plans...
You're an anomaly in today's world, Max.  You're good at what you do, so you must take pride in it...?
There were two of us.  I had the other guy killed.  Don't need the competition...
No?  How many cabbies get you into an argument to save you money?
It's no big deal.
Why'd you do that?  Don't tell me you're a gentleman, Max. I thought chivalry was dead as a necessary consequence of gender politics...
Keep it.  Go wild.  Have a party.
Different instrument altogether.  You know, if you'd only listened to me, we'd be bogged down in traffic right now, and you could have made yourself an extra five bucks.
Could'a fooled me, the way you were hollering into that cell phone.
Violin.  I never had the lungs for wind instruments.
Let me guess.  Clarinet?
I used to play this piece back in high school.
You like Bach?
No.  You were right, I was wrong...  ...Max.
No.  I got lucky with the lights.
Go ahead, say it.
You got a deal.
The ride is free.
We taking bets?  What if you're wrong?
But Bowery's fine, if that's what you want.
First Friday of the month?  Linens. Roll right off the trucks.  They're in and out in twenty minutes...  ...which means they left fifteen minutes ago.  Traffic will be smooth.
Sixth, you got delivery trucks blocking traffic at Herald Square. Look, I make this trip all the time.
The Bowery, you gotta deal with runoff from two bridges.
Sixth is a parking lot north of 23rd this time of day.
Sixth is faster.
What?
I'll take Sixth.  It's faster.
Park Avenue and East 2nd. Take Centre to Canal, up the Bowery, Cooper and Third, left on 41st, come around on Park.
Hi ya' doin'?  Where to?
You sure?  You look pretty shaky...
I'm...fine.  Fine.
You dizzy?  You want to sit down?
Save me the grief.  Step out of the car, sir, and open the trunk.
Come on, it's been a long, shitty day. How about a break?  I'll call a tow truck myself, I swear.  I won't budge from this spot.
This vehicle's not safe to drive. We're gonna have to impound it.  Get you towed.  Step away from the vehicle and pop the trunk.  I'm sorry, sir, you'll have to find another cab.
I was heading back to my garage.  It's on the way.
You still carrying passengers?
Comin' over Coldwater.  Goddamn deer jumps out in front of me.  You believe that?
A deer?
Yes.
This your current address?
Then let's have it.
I know the answer.  I know all there is to know about Louis.
It's simple.  What was your pal Louis' first musical instrument?
Lay it on me.
Of course.
One more thing.  If by some chance I get this wrong...tell Dmitri I'm sorry.
I never lie.  Ask Max.  Max, have I lied yet?
How do I know you'll keep your word?
Jazz question.  What other kind is there?  You get it right, we roll with it.  You disappear.  Tonight.  You don't go home, you don't pack a bag, you just leave town...and nobody, I mean nobody, ever hears from you or sees you again.
What kind of question?
I am a nice guy, Daniel.  With a job to do.  You know how it is.
And here I was thinking you were such a nice guy.
'Fraid so.
You know Dmitri?
The crowd was most kind.  I was born in 1945, but my life began the night of July 22, 1964.  That was the moment of my conception.  Right here in this very room.
The crowd had to dig it.
Most vividly.  "St. Louis Blues," "Potato Head Blues," "Sleepy Time Down South..."  ...then Pops laid some "Cornet Chop Suey" on me, and left me in the dust like a whipped dog.
Remember what you played?
Unbelievable...  ...you hearing this?  Unbelievable.
Fella owned this place back then, Dix Dwyer, he let slip to Louis that I played.  So Pops, he just waves me right up.  My heart about stopped. But I got up there all the same, and we played for nearly twenty minutes.
Get outta here!  You and Louis?
Oh, my, yes.
No.
Did better'n that.
You heard Armstrong play live.  I've never been this jealous.  You get to talk to him?
Like Winton Marsalis says, it was pure, spiritual essence.  Louis was playing.  God was smiling.
Was it great?  Better than great, it had to be...
He'd come over from Queens to do the Ed Sullivan show.  After, he decides to come on up to Harlem and hang with the common folk.  That's how he was, you see.  Never forgot where he came from.  Money and fame an' all that?  Meant nothin', long as he could blow that horn.  So before you it, he's up on that stage, doin' his thing.
Jesus...
Right through those doors.  The man himself.
You're kidding me.
...I was just a young cat back then, about nineteen, bussin' tables in this very place.  Didn't pay but shit, but that wasn't the point.  Being around the music, that was the thing.  And I was.  Take this one night...July 22, 1964...who walks in?  Mr. Louis Armstrong.
By the way.  Daniel said he was sorry.
Very generous.
Hell, make it fifty.  Same goes for any business we have in the future.
Twenty five?
As a token of my appreciation for your understanding in this matter, I'd like to offer you a discount for my services tonight.  Twenty five percent.
Wouldn't dream of it.
Vincent.  Do not cross me.
In fifteen years, I have never left a customer unsatisfied.
Can you finish on schedule?
The fat man on Cherry Street.  The other fat man, Mr. Bulldozer.  The trumpet player.  That leaves two.
Tell me.  Has Black Peter already crossed off a few bad children?
You think I wanted to come here tonight?  You think I'm that stupid? Sometimes shit happens, you gotta roll with it.
You tell me.  I had to toss the list in the river.  I was protecting your sorry, long-winded ass.  So why don't you show a little courtesy?
Federal?
I picked up a tail.
I said.  Get the gun.  Out.  Of my fucking <u>face.</u> Before I wrap it in a blintz and feed it to you.
What?  What did you say?
I think...  ...I think you should get this gun out of my fucking face.
What?
I think...
Tell me Vincent.  Tell me what you think.
Neither do I.  But my children, they're still young.  Do you know who they like even more than jolly old Saint Nicholas?  His helper, Black Peter. An old Russian fairy tale tells of how Santa got so busy looking after all the good kids, he had to hire a helper to punish all the bad kids.  That was Black Peter's job.  He was given the list of all the bad children, and he would visit them in their homes late at night.  And if he caught them not saying their prayers, he would leave a bundle of wooden switches outside their door.  That was a warning.  If they continued to misbehave, he would swoop down and take the children away. And they would never be seen again.
Can't say that I do.
Tell me, Vincent.  Do you believe in Santa Claus?
Sorry?
I'm sorry.
I see.  That was an important list, wouldn't you say?  The people on that list are being subpoenaed tomorrow by a federal judge.  And you "lost" it?
Take him down.  Save Richard Yip, our witness...
What are you gonna do?
I don't know...
Lemme tell you something.  Vincent and a few other guys like him are fucking ghosts.  Nobody even know what he looked like until now...
No.  Your cabbie is floating down a storm drain or stuffed in the trunk of a cab.
...so, his description of Max the cabdriver matches the guy who walked out of Villa Rodeo.  That guy?  That guy is a cabbie.  And you're telling me this cabbie walks into a phone booth and emerges as a meat eater, assassin with heavy trigger time? What's he do, squeeze 'em in between fares?
So?
...got off the phone with his dispatcher.  What an asshole. Cabbie's name is Max Rilke, been driving that cab for ten years...
Can you fax me his picture?  His license or something?  What do you mean you don't have that there?  Anybody else in the cab?
Advance team, two men, stick to that goddamn cab, stay in radio contact, the rest of us follow in the van. Nobody moves until the entire team's in place...
...Petrov and Cicerno for sure...
...goddamn it, you telling me this motherfucker's whacked three of our witnesses tonight...
Pretty quiet down there.  A cab just pulled up, aside from that...
Something going on?
This isn't our goddamn game!
...if they're wrong?!
Not our call, Phil.
What if they're wrong?
Detective Sergeant Phil Heller.
Captain Walt Muldoon, NYPD.
Pick me up in five minutes.
Something big's going down, and I'm betting the Feds don't know about it. You gotta get us in there.
Jesus.  Two in one night?
Joey Cicerno.  Dear friend and associate of my missing snitch, Ivan Petrov.  Both of whom were in bed with Dmitri.
Elvis?
...yeah, I'm still at Bellevue.  The John Doe didn't pan out, but you'll never guess who's lying up in the meat locker.
Cabbie had no criminal record, no history of mental illness.  Suddenly, he just wigs out and pops three people, then himself?  Plus the victims weren't random solid citizens. They were all lowlives.  Wiseguys.  I've always wondered if there was someone else in the cab.
Oh?
I never bought that.
So?  It was a random thing.
They found him dead in his own cab down by the Port Authority.
Oh, right.  The guy flipped out or something?  Killed some people, then put a gun to his own head?
Cabbie drove around all night.  Three people got killed.
What thing?
Remember that thing a few years back? That thing with the cab?
He could'a been depressed.  It still doesn't tell me homicide.
There was a car here, you can see where the glass came down all around it.  Ivan flew out the window and went bam.
What homicide?  Phil.  Where's a body? Look.  All we got is glass...
Oh, we working for the Feds now?  If my snitch flew out a window, he's got Dmitri's handprints on his ass. That makes it homicide, that makes it ours.
Dmitri <u>Gusunov?</u> What the fuck, why? Forget about Dimitri, Feds are all over him.  They're a heartbeat away from taking him down.  Word's gone out, they don't want us anywhere near him...
Months now.  He's been feeding me information on Dmitri.
You guys been holding hands?
Ivan Petrov.  Supposed to meet me for dinner, never shows up.  I come here, find this.
...this snitch of yours, what's his name, Ivan?
Of course!
Try?
I'm in town for a short time.
Vincent...
What's your name?
Quite an achievement...
Of course I'm proud.  You know he started with nothing?  Look at him today.  Playing concerts.
I'm sure you're very proud of Max.
Max never had many friends.  So much with the piano.  Always keeping to himself, it's unhealthy...
Client?  I like to think of myself as more of a friend.  A mentor.
Tell me about it.
Tell my son.  You have to hold a gun to his head to get him to come see me.
It's nothing.
And you came all the way down here to see me?
I was with Max when he got the call.
Oh, call me Ida.  To what do we owe the pleasure?
Happy to meet you, Mrs. Rilke.
No harm done, ma'am.
Why didn't you tell me we had company?  And what's your name?
Vincent.  It was nice to meet you. Visit again?
I came to see you, you look fine.  We gotta go.
Yesss, you are.  He's artistic.
I'm standing right here.
What's he sayin'?
I'm...in...the...room, here.  Don't talk about me like I'm not in the room.
Mom, Vincent.  Vincent, my mother, Ida Rilke.
You paid for my flowers?  They're beautiful.  Max, you gonna introduce us?
He paid for 'em.
By worrying about you spending money on foolish things?  So I can watch them wilt?
You're gonna cheer up.
What am I gonna do with flowers?
I brought you flowers.
You couldn't pick up a phone?  I'm lying here, wondering if something horrible happened...
I got caught up at work.
I've been calling and calling.
Hi, Ma.
...show me the wallet, man, get your ass up, <u>up</u>...
...oh God, don't shoot me...
<u>My hands are taped to the fucking </u> <u>steering wheel!</u>
I'll fuck you up, you don't hand it over.
You're kidding me.
I got my, my hands taped to the steering wheel here, there's this guy, he taped me in the car, he's back there somewhere.
Yo, whassup?
Oh.  Oh, thank God, hey!  Hey, guys, hey, help me out here!
Hang on.  Carefully...
Nothin'!  Aside from Max's mother driving me crazy, I'm dancin' on a rainbow!  Get him on the line, please.
We're gay lovers, what's it to you?
What are you guys, taking an all-night tour?
Same fare you talked to last time. The U.S. Attorney...
Who is this?
You hassling my driver again?
Maaaaaax!
Jesus, what is with this guy?
Max?  Maaax.  Pick up, dipshit.
Tell it to Max.  Tell him he's an asshole.
I was just tryin' to...to...
How am I supposed to not get excited, listening to you trying to extort your employee, you sarcastic prick?
Let's not get excited, sir.
Vincent <u>Farrell</u>, Assistant U.S. Attorney.  A passenger in this taxicab, and I'm reporting you to the DMV...
Who the hell is this?
He's not paying you one cent!
What happens if you don't?
I know you're out there!  Answer the goddamn call!
Where you been the last two hours? Your mother's been calling every ten minutes whining about how you didn't show up.
Yeah?
I give a shit whose fault it was, you're payin'!
It got crashed!  I didn't...
<u>So?</u> Aside from I hate talking to cops, they tell me you crashed the shit out of it.
Yeah?  So?
I just got off the phone with the cops.  They called to check you brought the cab in...
Uh, yeah?  Lenny?  It's me.
Max!  Dammit!  <u>Answer!</u>
He'll keep calling.
...well, last I checked, you were <u>sleeping</u> with me, so unless you wanna start fucking the guy soon, I'd suggest an attitude shift...
...what do you want me to do, punch him out?  I have to work with him...
...oh, bullshit!  He was intruding on my space, he was demeaning me personally, he was patronizing...
...I'm sorry, I don't see it that way...
...everything is not about me, don't make me the villain here.  That asshole was out of line, and you goddamn well know it...
...why is everything always about you...
Let her go.
Max?
Was your seatbelt fastened, honey?
Well.  That was brilliant.
Vincent?
Slow down!
What are you gonna do, pull the trigger?  Kill us?  Go ahead, man! <u>Shoot</u>...my ass.
Slow the hell down!
But you know what?  Nothing matters, anyway.  We are insignificant out here in the big nowhere, say the badass sociopath in my backseat.  Right? Yeah.  That's one thing I've got to thank you for, bro.  And I never saw it that way...
You're going too fast.
I should have done that.  Fixed it and more.  Get out from under what I been under...
Slow down.
'Cause I never got it straightened up; made the push, made the moves...
...pie in the sky?  "Someday my dream'll come..."  But one night you'll wake up and realize suddenly you're old.  It hasn't happened.  It never will.  Life just flipped on you.  Tomorrow became yesterday.  Then you'll bullshit yourself it was never gonna happen, anyway, and push it back in memory...and anesthetize yourself in a Barcalounger with daytime TV for the rest of your life...  Don't talk to me about murder.  You're <u>do-in</u>' yourself...in this yellow prison with steel-belted radials. Clocking in and out everyday...
None of your business.
Look in the mirror.  ...piss-ant paper towels...a bottle of 409...saving up for goin' to the Comoros.  How much you got saved?
Answer the question.
...all the cabbies in LA, I pull Max, the man with X-ray vision...
Man, if someone had a gun to your head and said:  "You gotta tell me what's goin' on with that person over there or I'll kill you"...they'd have to kill you...  'Cause you don't have a clue for...or about...anyone...  To be like that, I don't think you, you have any of that for your own life...  Do you believe you're entitled or at least expect to draw breath in the a.m.?  Open your eyes in the morning?  I don't think you do...I don't think so...  I think you are way <u>low</u>...like in your estimation.  In your estimation of yourself.  So how'd you get that way...?
As in...? 
What happened to you?
Get with it.  Get over it. ...millions of galaxies of hundreds of millions of stars and a speck on one in a blink...that's us.  Lost in space.  The universe doesn't care.  The cop, you, me?  Who notices?
...indifferent.
Then what are you?
That's the "why."  That's the why? There is no reason.  No good reason; no bad reason.  To live or to die.
That's the reason?
How do I know?  But, they all got that "witnesses for the prosecution" look to me.  Probably some major federal indictment against somebody who majorly does not want to get indicted...  I dunno.
What'd they do?
And you believe me...?
That's what you said...
<u>I'm</u> full of shit?  You're a monument of bullshit.  You even bullshitted yourself all I am, is taking out the garbage.  Bad guys killing bad guys...
You're full of shit.
You're too good.  We're in this together.  Fates intertwined.  Cosmic coincidence and all that crap...
Whyn't you kill me and find another cab.
There you go...!
One more.
How are you at math?  I was hired for five hits.  I did four.
What's at Union Station?
Head towards Union Station.
Some living.
It's what I do for a living.
Yeah, so, what's wrong with that?
Yeah, that.
No, not just that.
I shoulda saved him 'cause he <u>believed</u> you?
That cop!  Why'd you have to do that?  You couldn't wound him?  The guy had a family, maybe, parents, kids who gotta grow up without a dad, he was probably a good guy; and he believed me...
Who's Heller?
You had to kill Heller?!
Good.  Blood, urine and death get to you? Try deep breathing.  Or remember we all die anyway...
It's not what you owe <u>me.</u> Time is so fleeting.  One day it's gone.  You make it out of this alive, Max, you really should call her.  That's what I think.
I only owe you a ride, Vincent.
What holds you back, Max?  Tell me. Why does life scare you so much?
I don't know.
Your lady friend.  The one who gave you her business card.  Think she was just being polite?
Who?
Would you have called her?
You do impress me, Max.  That you do.
Tribeca, near the waterfront, northeast corner.  Twelve minutes.
Washington and Holt.  Dance club called "Fever." Know it?
Makes two of us.
Damn, Max.  I'm impressed.  Really.  I would have bet good money you wouldn't walk out of there.
You tell me to start a union, I'm blowing your head off.  Quit stalling and get out of the cab.
Paid sick leave?
No.
You get benefits?
Fifteen years, although I prefer the term "assassin."
In case he asks.
Why?
How long have you been a hit man?
We've both run out of options.  If it helps, take comfort in knowing you never had a choice.
Vincent.  Don't make me do this. Don't make me get people killed.
That's jazz, my friend.  You said it yourself.  So don't tell me you don't know how to play between the notes.
I...I wasn't thinking.  I just did it.
Max.  You threw my briefcase in the river.  You've got balls bigger than Toledo.
No.  No way.  I can't do this.
When he finds out you tossed his list? I would.
He's gonna <u>shoot</u> me?
No client has ever seen my face, and I intend to keep it that way.  Besides, if he decides to put a bullet in my head, I don't wanna be there for it.
Why me?  Why don't <u>you</u> do it?
You're gonna be me.  You're gonna go in, and you're gonna get the info on the remaining two hits.
I don't get it.
The man who hired me for this contract.
Dmitri?
Our friends in Little Russia.  Go in and ask for a man named Dmitri.
In case <u>who</u> checks?
I'll just hold onto it for you.  In case they check.
Why?
Gimme your wallet.
Good excuse.  How many others you got?
Doesn't cover everything.
What, no insurance?
See, I've got bills.  My mother's been dying of the same disease since I was a kid.
Well, this big stake's got to be big by now.  When you leaving?
I told you I don't like to talk about it.
Yeah?  Like what?  Limos?
I've always been good.  Ever since I started.  Gave up piano.  Easy money. I'm putting a stake together, get something started.  Go figure it all out...
What do <u>you</u> call it?  Ten years doesn't sound temporary to me.  I should have known it was bullshit, you're too good at what you do.
It's not bullshit.
Don't be.  I never saw him after I was 15.  Went into the military early.  So all this talk about "my job's temporary, I got big plans," it's all bullshit.
I'm sorry.
I killed him.  When I was 15.  He was my first.  Nah, wishful thinking.  Liver cancer.
What happened?
He hated everything I did.  Hated me. Got drunk and beat the shit out of me, daily...
Yeah?  What happened?
It's cause they don't like their lives, so they project their patterns of negative behavior onto you...  I had a father like that.
Fuck!  Nothing's ever goddamn good enough!  It's always been that way.
Maybe so.  Maybe she hears what you tell her.
She hears what she wants to hear, okay?
Hey, I'm not the one who's been lying to my mother.
Don't start.
Limos, huh?
Jazz.
What the fuck was <u>that?</u>
You'd do her a favor.
You take one more step, I'll kill her.
Oh, I'm captivated.
Mom, Vincent's not interested.
There's no way I'm taking you to see my mother!
Guy with a routine goes and breaks it? Provokes attention.  That's bad.  And that's not good...
What difference does it make?
You go every night?
She's in the hospital.
Show up for <u>what?</u>
Tell her I can't see her tonight, okay?
Show up for what?
Sure?  Like you didn't play him? String him along?  If he had gotten the answer right, would you have let him go?
Teach him how to talk back, suddenly he can't stop.  I'm not playing.
I'm collateral anyway, so just fucking do it and stop making me a part of this!
Pull your head out of your ass.  Get your thinking straight.  You wanna die?
<u>I don't wanna know you!</u>
Don't even think you're walking away from me.
Leave me alone.
Max?  What are you doing?
I'm done.  Find another cab.
What you mean, no?
No.
Let's go.
Jazz?  That's funny, coming from you.  Okay, some jazz for the jazz man. How's this?  I'll ask a question.
You're the one who keeps talking about going with the flow.  You like the man, you like the way he plays.  How about a little jazz, huh?
You mind?  I'm working here.
Let him go, Vincent.
That's the point.  You play <u>between</u> the notes, you dance <u>around</u> the structure, you improvise.  Some people know where they're going to be ten years from now.  Same job, same neighbors, same shit over and over.  That's not living.  That's dying a little every day.  Not me, pal.  It's not knowing what's around the corner that makes like worth living.  That's jazz.  That guy up there, he knows what I'm talking about.  Hell, it's the same thing <u>he's</u> talking about, if you just open your ears.  You can hear it in the conversation he's having with that trumpet...
I'm not catching a melody.
Damn right.  Instinct, man.  If you think too much, it doesn't work.  Just listen...
That what we're doing?  Flowing?
God, are you always this prosaic?  You don't learn jazz, it's not something you're <u>taught.</u> It's like breathing, like life.  Like us, tonight, taking what comes and going with the flow.
I never learned jazz.
...see now, this has got a little post- war flavor, a little Miles thing happening.  Awesome.  What do you think?
Friend of mine told me about this great place in South Central.  Says it's like the birthplace of West Coast bebop.  Bird.  Dexter Gordon. Thelonious Monk.  Chet Baker.  I'll buy you a drink.  Expand your horizons...
I listen to classical.
Jazz.  Music.
I'm...what?  Sorry?
But, hey, some good news.  This last one put me way ahead of schedule. We've actually got some time to kill.  Jazz?  You like jazz?
Am I collateral?
Yes, Max?
Vincent?
People in the wrong place at the wrong time.  Draws attention, which is something you avoid in my line of work.  And for <u>you?</u> You attract attention, you're gonna get people killed who don't need to be.
I don't understand...
Collateral damage.
What?
Another collateral.
Yeah.
I had no idea these cabs came equipped with emergency strobes.  Where's the button?  Under the dash?
Next time you pull any shit, I'm gonna kick your fat ass.
Tell him next time he pulls any shit, you're gonna kick his fat ass.
Lenny?  You're an asshole.
No you don't.
I need the job.
So what?
I can't do that.  He's the Man.  He'll fire my ass.
Don't take that.  Tell him to shut the fuck up.
It was an accident.  I'm not liable.
It was an accident.  You're not liable.  Tell him.
Lenny, my dispatcher.
Who's that?
Because I have a gun and I say so.
Why?
Hands on the wheel.  Ten and two o'clock, like they taught you in driver's ed.
I'll deal with it.  I will, I will...
That one's probably married.  Think of his kids.  His wife's pregnant...
Good luck.  You think they got families?
I'll talk to them, I'll talk to them.
Believe it.
I can't believe this.
Then don't let me get cornered, Max. You don't have the trunk space.
Please.  Don't do anything.
You're a cabby.  Like talk yourself out of a ticket?
How?
Get rid of 'em.
Yeah, like that...  But, anyway, nobody gets out of this alive.  Even if we quit smoking and cut out red meat.  Everybody dies.
Oh, it's okay, then.  'Cause you're just taking out the garbage...
You don't know the guy in the trunk, either.  If it makes you feel better, he was a villain involved in a Continuing Criminal Enterprise.
I don't know any Rwandans.
Tens of thousands killed before sundown.  Nobody's killed that fast since Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  Did you bat an eye, Max?  Join Amnesty International?  No.  I off one Angeleno, you throw a hissy fit...
Rwanda-Burundi.  Central Africa.
What do you care?  Ever hear of Rwanda?
Who was he?
I should only kill people after I get to know 'em?  Six billion people on the planet, you're getting bent out of shape 'cause of one fat guy?
How can you kill him like that?
Nothing.  I only met him the one time.
What'd he do to you?
I didn't throw him, he fell.
I Ching?  You threw a man out a window!
Chopin prelude.  Stodgy, but nice.  Here's the deal.  I didn't want you involved in this.  Still breathing? But now that you are, we have to make the best of it, Max.  Improvise.  Life is that way.  Adapt to your environment.  Survive.  Darwin.  "Shit happens."  The I Ching.  Whatever. Roll with it.
Play music.
Music.
What else calms you down?  Candy? Cigarettes?  Sex?  Breathe.
Yes.
Are you breathing?
You don't understand.  I mean it. Really.  I'm not up for this...
Tonight it is.
Listen.  I'm not trying to piss you off, see?  Okay?  I can't drive you around so you can murder folks.
They're <u>somebody's</u> friends...  You drive a cab.  I kill people.  We both do our jobs right, you might survive the night and come out four hundred bucks ahead.
You said you were visiting friends!
I told you we had other stops to make tonight.
Oh.  Oh, no.  You're kidding.  We...
How long, you figure?
South Central.
58th and Central.  You know it?
So?
It's a mess.
What are you doing?
I think so.
You better?
Adrenaline's wearing off.  You get shaky after.  It's not uncommon.  Deep breathing helps.
What?
Try some deep breathing.
Okay, try it now.
I'm making <u>you</u> nervous.  I'm the one with a schedule.
The thingy next to it has nothing to do with the starter motor...
How about the thingy next to it?
I tried it.
What about that?
It's not me, it's the engine!  A fat guy fell on it from six floors up!
Two...
Try harder.  I'm gonna count to three. One...
Yes!  I'm trying, I swear!
You listening to me?
It's not me.
Max.
I'm trying...
Max.  May we leave the scene of the crime now, please.
...and you promise you'll never tell anybody about this, right?  Get in the fucking car.
Uh, look...why don't you just take the car...
It's a spasm!  Jesus, Max, don't be such a girl...
His hand moved!  His goddamn hand twitched!
What?
Yeah.
Got it?
It's just a dead guy.  On three, ready?  Uno.  Dos.  Three.
I don't think I can do this.
I'm gonna roll him off the hood. Always lift with your legs...
Did I stutter?  The trunk.  Unless you want him riding up front with you...but given hygiene and his sphincters have let go...
The trunk?
You were going to drive me around. Drop me at LAX.  Never be the wiser. But El Gordo missed the elevator.  So we go to Plan B.  Pop the trunk.
With what?
Good.  Help me out here.
I'm cool.
No.  You say you're cool.
You're cool.
You cool, Max?  Say "I'm cool."
No-no, I-I shot him.  The bullets and the fall killed him.
You - you killed him?
No shit.  Since he has two .45s double- tapped through the sternum and fell six floors onto his head...
I think he's dead.
Yeah, yeah.  Shit, man.  Guy fell on my motherfucking cab.
You always stutter?
He fell on my cab!  From up th-th-there.
Max?  I'm Vincent.
Max.
We have a deal.  What's your name?
I'll make it an even five hundred. Plus an extra hundred if you get me to LAX on time.
Two, two-fifty.
Regulations?  These guys don't even give you sick leave.  How much you pull down on a good night?
I'm not a hire car.  It's against regs?
Bullshit.  You probably know the light schedules, too.  Listen, I'm in town tonight on a closing.  Five stops, one night.  I gotta catch a six a.m. flight.  I got five stops to make, see some friends, collect some signatures.  Why don't you hang with me?
Yeah.  Lucky with the lights.
Twenty-four minutes!  Man, you're hot...
None taken.  There are talkers and doers.  I like doers.
I don't talk about it, you know...  No offense.
Like what?
Twelve years.  But I'm working on other stuff...
Oh?  How long you been doing this?
Last thing I need is a reason to keep hacking.  This job's a fill-in.
Why not?
Me, specifically?
You should start a union.
It's not that kind of job.
Yeah.  Retirement?  Paid sick leave?
You mean like benefits?
You on some kind of work plan?
People are more relaxed.  Less stress, less traffic, better tips.
You prefer nights?
Yeah.  I share it with the dayshift guy.
You know, this is the cleanest cab I've ever been in.  This your regular ride?
I see your point.
You share it with over three million people every day.  You know that's the population of New Zealand?  What's Manhattan, thirteen miles long? That's a lot of misery crammed into thirteen miles.  Read about this one guy.  Gets on the subway and dies.  Six hours he's riding around before anybody notices. Think about that.  Here's this corpse doing laps around Manhattan courtesy of the New York transit system, people getting on and off, sitting next to him, and still nobody catches on. Three million.  That's too damn many people.
It's home.
Third, but I still can't tell uptown from downtown.  Tell the truth, whenever I'm here, I can't wait to leave.  Place gets to me.  Too loud, too fast...too much.  You like it here?
First time in New York?
An apology.
Mind if I time you?  What do I get if you're wrong?  A free ride?
Two minutes to get on Broadway. They're doing some roadwork around the bridge.  Eleven to get downtown.  Four to the Lower East Side.  Six to clear the roadwork.  One minute margin for error.  My math says twenty-four.
Twenty-four?  Not twenty-five?  Or twenty-three?
Twenty-four minutes.
How long you think this'll take?
Yeah, yeah, sorry...
Uh, let's go to...  Hello...?
Oh.  Sorry.
Hello?
All I know is, they said to send you and the body to the basement.
Any special reason?
The F.B.I., the C.I.A.  You name the initials and they're down there.
Who?
They said send you downstairs.
Guy came in with a gunshot wound, but he died of a heart attack.  Go figure.
What happened?
Just drop me off.
Look, I'm sorry --
Drop me off here!
I was only going one way.
You turned up a one way street!
The guy came right at us!
Are you crazy?!
I, uh, I have some problems.
Why the hell not?
I never told her.
I love her so bad.  She just... wrecks me.  I would die for her.
She must be some girl.
Aren't you listening, man?  Love gives you wings.
But you'll die.  You'll squash yourself.  What's the point?
Geronimo.  When you're really in love, you'll jump.  Off the top of the Empire State.  Screaming 'Geronimo' the whole way down.
Geronimo?
Love gives you wings.  It makes you fly.  I don't even call it love.  I call it Geronimo.
I live on tips, so don't be offended, but you're a liar.  I saw you kiss.  Admit it, this is the street where love lives.
Love?  Love's just a pretty way of saying, 'I want to sleep with you'.  Love is bullshit.
That's love.
Excuse me?
The sound of love.
Shut the hell up.
Flip.  You're the closest thing I got to a friend around here.  Tell me something.  You think I'm crazy?
Sure was.  Pounded the V.C. for this Greek cat named Ari Onasis.
Flip was a hero in Vietnam.
Saved you last night's, too.
Sorry, Flip.  Got sidetracked.
<u>Jerry</u>?  You didn't show last night.  First time ever.  Had me worried, boy.
I gotta go, Flip.  Thanks.
Sure.  And the two of 'em used my legs for a wishbone.  Nearly snapped me in half.
You know, Flip, Vietnam War was fought because of a bet Howard Hughes lost to Aristotle Onasis.
Mekong, my friend, Mekong.
Mississippi?
Tell you what.  Reminds me of life in the Delta.
Water mains usually go in the winter.  It's August 1st.
What're you thinking, Jerry?
Now she tells me.
I love you, too.
Don't know, but he looks a lot more like Rosie O'Donnel than Ben Franklin.
You think it's a conspiracy?
They changed Franklin's portrait.
Top pocket...  Go on.
You've been my best friend for years and I didn't even know you were out there.
I can't promise you anything.
Don't die on me, Jerry.  Okay?
Don't do this.
It's up.  Love gives you wings. You can fly away from here.
Geronimo is down.
Get up there and we'll get it back down here for me.  <u>Now</u>.
What about you?
Get in.  I'll pull you up to the fourth floor.
I spent two years here.  This used to bring the med-cart.  Demerol. Phenobarb.  It's Jacob's Ladder.
How did you know?
Where are you?
Liza?
You knew just what I was there for.
Blue moon...
Without a love of my own.
Without a song in my heart.
You saw me standing alone ...
Blue moon...
Jerry...?  <u>Jerry</u>.
Blue moon... Blue moon...
It's okay.  You...  You thought I was bad.
I'm sorry.
They'll trace it.
You got to get out of here.  My cell phone's on.  Back in the truck.
You do?
I believe you.
Your father, he was dying.  He was worried about you.  He took your picture out to look at it.  He called you his baby.
How'd you get the picture?
Because he believed me.
<u>Why not, Jerry</u>?
Why not?
Walters was their fall guy.  Blow up a building and blame a nut. Create fear.  Don't you see?  Your father wasn't trying to keep Walters in prison.  He was looking into getting him out.  He didn't believe the official story.
Why?  What do these guys have to do with Ezekiel Walters?
He kept it in the side table in the front hallway.  He showed me.  I visited a few times.  Then one of Jonas's guys visited.  When I arrived, your dad was dying.
Someone else might call it stalking.  My dad felt it.  He started carrying a gun.
To Jonas.  I didn't know that at the time.  Didn't know who he was.  But I knew inside, whoever he was, he'd send someone else.  So I started watching your father.  I wanted to keep him safe.
Back where?
I don't know what it was.  All I know is I had a gun in my hand, but when I saw you standing with him, I couldn't do it.  If that's love, it's not so bad.  I found a part of myself that day. I couldn't go back.
Love at first sight?
Can't give you the details because I can't remember.  I went to court to kill him.  At the Ezekiel Walters hearing.  I was supposed to shoot him at the press conference.  You were there. That's the first time I saw you.
Then tell me what happened.
Yeah.  I know what it's like.
Jerry.  Please.  You don't understand.  I have to know.  It's all I think about.  Do you have any idea what it's like not to know?
No...!  But they trained me to. M.K. ULTRA.  EX-CATCHER.  America works.  Get rid of the crazy people, the lone gunmen, and the system still works.
Did you kill my father?!
That's the last time you rode, isn't it?  Do you think it was your fault?  Is that why?
At a horse show.
Where were you the day he died?
I don't understand.
He gave it to me.
Then why did you have his picture in your safe deposit box?
Did you kill my father?
Is that what they told you?
Did you kill him?
Liza?
You go.  Send me a postcard.
How do you really know there's gold in Fort Knox?  Just because they say so?  We should go to Tennessee and demand to see it.
Come on.
My father's house.
Reagan didn't die.  If he had died, everybody would know what Johnny's middle name was.
John Hinkley.  The guy who shot Reagan.  He only had two names.
How come serial killers have two names, but lone gunman assassins have three.  John <u>Wilkes</u> Booth. Mark <u>David</u> Chapman.  Lee <u>Harvey</u> Oswald.
What about them?
What's in Connecticut?
Connecticut.
Where are we going, Jerry?
After you.  It's okay.  I'm the one who left it here.
This way.
Now what?
Not today.
We're going to Queens?
There's a car following us. Probably another one flanking us the next street over.
What is it?
It would be a lot easier for me to show you instead of tell you.  But first things first.
No.  That wouldn't be fair.  Where are we going, Jerry?
Are you okay?  I wish I hadn't told you what I did.  But I can't help the way I feel.  You don't hold that against me, do you?
Thanks.
You look great.
I thought you -- Why -- Love ruins everything, doesn't it?
I don't.  I know you wouldn't.
I would never hurt you, Liza. Think whatever you want, but don't think that.
Answer me.  Was the first time you saw me the first time I saw you? Was it?  You've been following me around.  Do you see how that could be disconcerting to me?  That's not love, Jerry.  It's obsession. And it isn't normal and you can't expect me to respond to it and you can't expect me to feel the same way.  Can you?
It's Geronimo.  Love. It lets you see things.  It gives you insight. I've loved you since the first time I saw you.
Now's not really the time to get into this --
Yesterday you were wondering about the wall.  How it was possible.
Holes?  I don't know what you're talking about.
You're wrong.  Since I met you, I don't dream about holes anymore.
Don't do this to yourself.  Jerry. You don't love me.
Yeah...  Would you, I mean, could you love me then?  If I was normal.  Maybe?
If you were eating Kentucky Fried Chicken and drinking Coca-Cola again.
What if I reached a point where you didn't think I was crazy anymore?  If I was normal.
Jerry, I --
Oh, Christ, here it comes.  Look, I know you think I'm crazy.  I don't think I am, but...
I like you, Jerry.  A lot.
I know that.  I'm just -- I'm nervous.  I reached out and grabbed the first thing out there. I know they're song lyrics.  And I know how I feel.
Those are song lyrics, Jerry.
I -- It's like, I resolve to call you up 1000 times a day.  To ask you if you'll marry me in some old-fashioned way.  Everything you do is magic.
What?
I don't know what to say.  I love you.
If that's what you want.  Yes.
You will?
Okay, I will.
They don't break in the summer! Do you know what building is right over this spot?  Harriman Tower. Their sub-basement was flooded! He didn't die in a pool.  Call the coroner in Rhode Island!  Ask if the water in his lungs was chlorinated!
A water main broke.
Do you watch the news?  Read the paper.  Last week, this whole place was underwater.
They're big details, Jerry.
I see the big picture and you stumble around in the details.
What was he doing down here?  A billionaire waiting for the subway?  Why not drown him in a bus?  Why drown him at all?  Why not shoot him?  Is the hitman from the lost world of Atlantis?  I mean, come on.
Right here.  In the 7th Street subway station.
Where then?
Nobody dies in Newport.  They couldn't even kill Sunny von Bulow there.  Harriman drowned, but it wasn't in Newport.
It said in the paper he drowned in a swimming pool.  <u>In Newport</u>.
Right here in Manhattan.
Murdered?
His obituary was in every paper. But not one of them said he was murdered.
Sure. One of the richest men in America until he died a few days ago.
Latest casualty?  Ernest Harriman. You heard of him?
And you think Group One is at war with Group Two.
So now they feed us terrorists. <u>To create fear</u>.  How much do you think an airport security system goes for?  Then multiply it by every airport in the country.
Cold War's over, Jerry.
There are all kinds of groups, all kinds of initials.  But they're all part of two warring factions. One:  families that have held wealth for centuries. They want one thing.  Stability. Group Two:  the boat rockers. Eisenhower's military industrial complex.  They want instability. It's a trillion dollar a year business.  When there isn't a hot war, they make a cold one.
Elaborate on 'they,' okay?
Henry Finch.  That they monitor everything.  That it was only a matter of time.  And now four people are dead.
Realized what?
Maybe you better not try... I worked so hard to keep quiet. Like a mouse.  I should have realized.
I'll be fine.  Let's worry about Henry Finch.  P.O. Box in St. Louis.  He's the last on the list. I haven't been able to reach him yet.
Jesus... It's my fault.  They drew a black line over me and now I'm passing it on.  I'm passing it to you, too.
They're dead.  Four out of five anyhow.  All in the last 24 hours. One car accident, two heart attacks and a stroke.
You haven't been bothering them, have you?
Well, I've been tracking them down all morning.
I put an ad on a computer bulletin board.  I log on at the library so I can't be traced.
Where'd you get your subscribers?
Never mind.  You'd think I was making it up.
What van?
Did you see the van back there?
Fuck you.  I know you're crazy, but fuck you.
Johnny Dancer, right?  You don't ride him anymore, do you?  Not since your dad died.
You watch me, don't you?
You run with your back to the picture.  Like you were trying to get away.  Once in awhile you sing along with music, but mostly you punish yourself.
Not this again.
He's why you punish yourself.
He was murdered.
How'd he die?
Please put it down.
Is he dead?
That was him.
Is this your dad?
I'll give you 100 bucks if you leave right now.
How is it possible?
So what's the question?
It made me feel like you could see inside of me.  And I don't know how that's possible.
I didn't mean for you to see it. It's like looking in someone's diary and taking it out of context.  Know what I mean?
It was that painting.  The one on the wall.
Shoot.
Jerry, there's something I have to ask you.  Actually about a hundred things, but we can make progress, if you answer one question.  To my satisfaction.
You gave me an hour; now give me a day.
Just a guy trying to put out a fire.
Who are you, Jerry?
Never, but I've been practicing.
Has this happened to you before?
Uh huh.
Was that who I thought it was?
Getting rid of my hub!
What are you doing?
I've never read it.  I just -- Every time I see one I buy it.  I don't know why exactly... Wanna hear my favorite part?
You have ten copies of the book, but you don't know who the main character is?
Never heard of him.
Holden Caulfield?  <u>Catcher in the</u> <u>Rye</u>?
Who?
You're a Holden Caulfield fan.
You got a list?
Just five.  It's the economy... You think maybe one of them is not who they seem?
Yeah... how many subscribers do you have?
Pretty scary, huh?
'On July 8, 1979, security forces under control of the Trilateral Commission abducted the fathers of all American Nobel Prize winners. The men, many of them octogenarians, were forced at gunpoint to ejaculate into small plastic bottles.  The sperm collected is now under study in a laboratory beneath the headquarters of the Rand Corporation in Santa Monica, California.'
Absolutely not.  A good conspiracy is an unprovable conspiracy.  If you can figure it out, they screwed it up.
Can you prove any of this?
Stone is their spokesman.  You think if someone really had all that information and a national podium to shout it out from that they'd let him do it?  Stone's a disinformation flunky.  The face that he's alive says it all.
'The Space Shuttle's Seismic Secret'.  'The Oliver Stone-George Bush Connection'.  Oliver Stone?
Here it is.  <u>Conspiracy Theory</u>  It just went out Tuesday.  Third issue this year.  I bet I struck a nerve.  Pissed someone off.
Are these yours?
I've been reading up on it.
Equitation.
This would be it?
If my universe had a hub...
Um, coffee.  If that's okay?
You want something to drink?
The whole kit and caboodle of 'em are British Intelligence agents. <u>Spies</u>.  Jerry Garcia had a double- o rating.  Just like James Bond.
Surprise me.
You know why the Grateful Dead are always on tour?
Flesh wound.  No big deal.
You okay?
Believe you about what?
You wouldn't be sitting here if you didn't halfway believe me.
You're certifiable.
So I'm a little jumpy.  Who wouldn't be?
What newsletter?
I'm not sure.  I think I figured something out.  It must've been in my newsletter.
So why are they after you?
I have no idea.
That's it?
Do they have a secret handshake?
Well that's the eye right there. <u>Money</u>.  And all the power and misery it brings with it. It's a plot to take over the world.  The Master Conspiracy. Can take a lifetime to pull off.
And look here.  Cease fire in Chechenia.  That's good for the banks who lent the government money, but bad for the guys selling them weapons.  Listen to this, some gas company in Colorado.  Their researchers have been blocked from testing a fuel additive.  They've accused the E.P.A. of, quote, 'turning a blind <u>eye</u> to the future.'
What is it with you and the space program?
More about life on Mars.  From a rock they <u>found</u> on the South Pole. Explain that one to me.  But maybe we should go to Mars and find out? How much do you think that's going to cost?
Oh, well, maybe to the untrained eye.  Hmm... Ahh...  Ooooo...
Nothing scary there.  Sorry.
Yeah.  I think so.
You have the right to ask me certain personal questions?
Till today, I haven't believed a word.  Now, I'm curious.  Six months, eleven days.  I'm going to give you one more hour to impress me.  Where to?
Six months.  Eleven days.
How long have we known each other, Jerry?
Nothing is easy.
See?  Wasn't that a lot easier than squealing tires and knocking over trash cans?
I noticed.
That's how a man would do it.  I'm not a man.
Yes.
You mean I should speed up and try and lose them?
People more serious about their work. You know how to drive this thing or do you just like looking good in it?
As opposed to?
Crown Victoria.  F.B.I. car.  A legitimate tail.
Yeah.
Flat, wraparound headlights?
Change lanes.  Then watch your rearview.
Them who?
Uh uh, don't want <u>them</u> to see me.
Right.  Sit up so I can see you.
If you're worried about the President, call and warn him about the Space Shuttle.
Oswald was an assassin.  You're not an assassin, are you, Jerry?
Dead or alive, they'll stick me in there with Oswald.  Another lunatic acting alone,
That's how long it takes to turn a hospital inside out.  A lot of people are after you, Jerry.
What took so long?  You were in there all day.
Figure of speech.  Could we go?
Don't tell me you're naked back there.
Lucky guess... Um, I'd feel a lot less naked if we could get outta here.
I can't promise you anything.
Arf... You gotta help me.
He says a dog bit his nose.
<u>Heart attacks happen</u>.
You saved my life.
For what?
I won't be here when you get back, but I'll be in touch.  And thanks.
Really?
I got to get downstairs.  The C.I.A., they want to see your body.
You switched the charts; you tell me.
You expect me to believe what, that someone came in here last night.  Gave that guy... something that stopped his heart?
It's okay.  The guy traded bullets with some old man in a liquor store.  He had it coming.
Sure.  You switched the charts, didn't you?
People do have heart attacks.
Love.
What is?
Hey...  I can't control it.  It's just, something that happened.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Switch 'em.  Or I'll be dead by morning.  Don't want to be dead.
What?
Switch the charts.
Just relax.
You were there, Jerry.  Figure it out.
What's the charge?
You're the boss.  Just don't make me repeat myself.  I hate that.
Put down the gun and I'll take your statement.  Okay?
It's a man without a nose you want, you dumb complicit sons of bitches!  You've got to listen to me.
Yes!  Don't let's get into this thing where I have to repeat myself!
You bit someone's nose off?
I bit the bastard's nose off.
Was waiting till I knew you better.  Johnny Dancer, huh? Sounds like a racehorse.
Johnny Dancer.  You've been in my office ten times.  How come you never asked me about that picture before?
What was your horse's name?
You don't have to burst in here every time, Jerry.  Just call and make an appointment.
I better get going.
No.
You know, to be 'normal' and live in the 'real world,' to swallow Coca cola and eat Kentucky Fried Chicken, you have to be in a conspiracy <u>against yourself</u>.  I can't lie to me, Liza.  And the more I strip through the sham, the crazier I look to people like you. Can't you see that's what they're counting on?  You want to go out sometime?
I think you're different.
You think I'm crazy.
I can't promise you anything.
You going to warn him?
Not exactly the kind of thing a Secret Service Agent can throw himself on top of.
<u>NASA</u> is going to kill the President of the United States with an earthquake.
He's cutting funding for NASA. The milk cow of the aerospace industry.  We're talking billions. Motive enough?
Motive?
The President's in Europe. Tomorrow he'll be in Turkey. Right along this fault line.  They launched the space shuttle yesterday.
Well, I -- Jerry, the point.  Get there.  What does it have to do with the President?
So why do you keep the picture up? You wish you hadn't quit?
Not for years.
Do you still ride?
I still don't see what it has to do with the President.
Not testing.  <u>Using</u>.  Nukes are passe.  This is the weapon of the future.
Testing some top secret seismic weapon.
Come on!  Six major earthquakes in the last three years?  The space shuttle in orbit for every one of them?
I don't see the connection.
Then I can't be hurt anymore.
Liza Sutton is dead.
You've never seen her run.
You shouldn't watch, Jerry.  It's a moment without hope.
<u>Liza</u>!
We've arranged for you to take the blame.  Everyone knows how you've been harassing the poor girl.
Lysergic acid diethylamide... With a little kicker of my own.  Surely it must be coming back to you by now?
What's that?
Could you be a little more specific?
Who have you been talking to, Jerry?  Who else knows what you know?
That's great.  Good for you.
I'm a very patient man.
Yes you do, Jerry.  Quite well.
Do I know you?
Whatever.
Alright.  You can see her.  But she can't see you.
Then screw you.  I'll rot.
I don't know...
That's not what I mean.  I want to see her.
We got someone watching her 24 hours a day.  She --
I'll do it.  On one condition.  I want to make sure she's okay.
That's your option.  Ours could be to keep you locked up for a very long time.  In case you didn't know it, you're crazy.
I'm leaning toward no.
You made your decision yet?
Well, I don't know if --
I'm not a violent man, Mr. Lowry. Not by nature, anyhow.  But if you hurt Liza in any way, I'll kill you.  Does that seem honorable?
It seemed like a possibility. What about your intentions?  Are they honorable?
You're here because you figured I might show up.
That's ironic.  Because we're here to protect her from you.
You should think of me as Liza Sutton's guardian angel.
I'm not sure what you mean.
I like that.  A gun to your head and you ask about your partner. He's okay.  May have a headache for a few days.  Are you here with honorable intentions?
You're welcome.  Where's my partner?
Thank you.
I want this box rigged with a beacon!
It's okay.  I'm game.
I don't understand.
In Jerry's safety deposit box.
You sound so sure.
Walters had nothing to do with your father's murder.
Not a man.  Ezekiel Walters.
I know the story.  A federal judge.  He denied a man in prison an appeal for a new trial.
It was my father's.  Kept it in his wallet.  He was murdered --
You do recognize it then?
Where'd you get it?
So you'll believe what I tell you next.  Because I need to find Jerry.  And I don't think I can do that without you.
If this was a spy novel, your next words would be something like I now know too much to live.  Why are you telling me all this?
Belief is immaterial.  What's important is the truth... It's been my job to find Jerry.  I'm very much responsible for him.
I don't believe you.
Jerry is dangerous.  Jerry has killed --
I'm still listening.
Yes, that's right.
These things you're talking about. You did them to Jerry?
<u>My dog</u>.  One I intend to put to sleep.  Extrapolate from there.
A dog.
And what did I say?
Jerry told me he bit your nose.
It was.  It was.
Missionary?  Penance?  You talk about it like it was a religion.
Me?  I was a minor missionary, a heretic really.  But where else could a red-blooded American boy lie, cheat, steal and kill with the sanction and blessings of the All-Highs?  Besides, now I'm trying to pay my penance.
If I had any idea what to charge you with or how to prove it, I'd arrest you right here.
As in 'resulting in death.'  We pushed the envelope until it wasn't even an envelope anymore.
Terminal?
We experimented with hallucinogens.  We used electro- shock to produce a vegetative state.  We conducted terminal experiments in sensory deprivation.
I am impressed.  We used the distinctive cover as a sort of mental flash card.
As in <u>Catcher in the Rye</u>?
M.K. ULTRA was terminated in 1973. But not the research. It was renamed.  EX CATCHER.
Ask what you can do for your country.  That kind of thing.
A vulgar pop term, but yes.  Take an ordinary man and turn him into an assassin.  That was our goal.
It was mind control.  <u>Manchurian</u> <u>Candidate</u> kind of stuff, right?
Years ago, I worked for the C.I.A. in the M.K. ULTRA program.  Are you familiar with it?
Truth'll set you free.  I'm listening.
What I'm about to tell you is partially documented.  The Freedom of Information Act saw to that. But much more of it isn't.  For reasons which will soon be regrettably clear, I'm going to share -- secrets -- with you. Repeat any of it and you'll simply bestow the title of 'paranoid' upon yourself.
Please, sit.
Fine.  What the hell is going on?
If you're as impressed to see me as I am to see you, you're very impressed indeed.  How's Jerry feeling this morning?
Re-educating trained killers in the ways of polite society. Making sure the men who've gone over the edge won't hurt anyone. That sort of thing.
Brain washing, mind control, that sort of thing?
We're very specialized.
I didn't know the C.I.A. had psychiatrists.
Only on the football field.
That's it.  I went to Yale.  I hope you won't hold that against me.
The truth shall make you free.
Veritas.  Truth.  What is it they say about truth?
A year ago I was leaving work late one night.  Two guys tried to mug me.  It was horrible.  Jerry came out of nowhere.  To my rescue. Then he started coming to see me.  Could've been a storybook if he wasn't crazy.  At first I did my beat to avoid him.  But there's something inside Jerry and...  Jerry made me see it.  <u>He made me</u> <u>see him</u>.  That make sense?
Jerry's visits to your office. Why do you tolerate them?  Why him?
Excuse me?
A charming term.  Now, <u>why him</u>?
Honestly?  I think he has a crush on me.
<u>Why you</u>?
I'm sorry.  What was the question again?
Here's a fresh one.  Why you? Your colleague Mr. Wilson says Jerry won't speak to anyone else. That seems oddly possessive behavior to me.
You've asked me that one three times.
And you have no idea where he lives?
You already asked me that.  Why do you insist on making me repeat myself?
So he thinks NASA is plotting to kill the President?
It was my dog.  Let me ask you a question.  How long have you been acquainted with Jerry?
And you feel bad for it?
You were going to ask about my nose.  The poor animal is slated to be destroyed today.
Excuse me?
A dog bit it.
Can I ask you something?
What do I look like to you? Switzerland?
Liza, settle a bet for us.
Too bad.  Because I'm terrible at 'yes.'
I'm not that good at 'no,' Liza.
Look, you're a nice guy, but I'm not really dating right now.
Night after that?
Working.
Hmm, how about tomorrow night?
Working.
So, you doing anything tonight?
Agent Lowry?
Go ahead, Miss Sutton.
Then this is a goddamn emergency.
Yes.
Do you <u>have</u> an Agent Lowry in your New York office?
The office is closed for the evening. Is this an emergency?
I need to speak with an Agent Lowry.
Federal Bureau of Investigation.
What the hell does that mean?
Go to the northeast corner.  Call a cab.  Bring the pizza.  Then there's a poem.  Roses are red, violets are blue, if the Pope goes to Washington, I would, too.
-- Understood.
I've had a lot of credentials flashed in my face, Liza.  What I saw yesterday, I know not to ask questions.  We're out.  Shut off. Terminated.  <u>Understood</u>?
We don't know who Jonas is.  We don't know who it is we're cooperating with.
Dr. Jonas thought you might be inclined not to cooperate.  Why is that?
I don't like it.  Something's wrong.
It makes perfect sense.  Field work is not our oeuvre.
This doesn't make sense.
I've been given a cease and desist on all matters relating to Jerry Fletcher.  We're not to discuss him with the press, the N.Y.P.D., anyone.  Building police are to arrest him on sight and we're to report any attempt he makes to contact you.
I don't know if you're the best lawyer I've got or a high school sophomore.
Tell him I'm on vacation.  That I won't be back for two weeks.
Not today...
Ah, your psychotic is here.
I don't think so.
That you come with me.
What do you suggest?
Don't go home.  And don't go to work.  Either one could be bad.
I'm going to find him.  Because he'd find me.
No idea.  Honest.  What are you going to do?
Where do you think Jerry is?
Jonas builds assassins for a living.  Several of whom may be in place already.  We'd like to kill a few birds with one stone.
He's shown himself.  Why haven't you arrested him or killed him or done whatever it is you do?
He's why I watch Jerry.  Jerry's the bait for Jonas.
And Jonas?
I'm, it really doesn't matter. Think C.I.A. and exponentiate. I'm a government employee and I've been watching Jerry for awhile.
Nothing.  I was just making sure. So, who are you?
What gave me away?
You think we have time to fool around like this?  Come on.
Who's the Deputy Director of the F.B.I.?
What do you mean?
I want to believe you, too.
Yeah, I do.
Do you believe me?
Go ahead.  We'll be right down.
Can I talk to you a second?
Your call.  Have a good night.
When I'm ready to compare notes, I'll let you know.
It's his show for now.  Look, you want to get some dinner?  Inter- Agency cooperation and all?
Jonas?
Wasn't my idea.
Agent Lowry.
No.  Not yet.
You're welcome!  Spooks.  So, you want to compare notes on this guy.
I was just thinking that.
That's the book Hinkley had on him when he shot Reagan.
I don't know.  Didn't see him.
Which way did he go?
You don't understand --
Guy's a C.I.A. shrink.  Here to I.D. Fletcher.  They knew each other somehow.
Wait --
While we walk.  D.C. police want him for assault. Secret Service for counterfeiting and we're tracking him on a string of bank robberies.  No one knows what the C.I.A. wants him for.
Tell me about it.
We're waiting for jurisdictional problems to be cleared up.  This guy Fletcher's something else.
There is no abort procedure -- we don't know how we turned the damn thing on, let alone how to turn it off.
What?
There's no plug to pull.
Pull the plug.  Get her out of there.
We've lost contact.
Ellie?
We have benzel activation, repeat, we have benzel activation.  Control to Arroway, you okay in there?  Repeat, Control to Arroway, come back.
Anything happening in there, El?
I'm not sure.  We have no launch protocol; the entry of the passenger is supposed to initiate activation.
What?
I don't know.  Ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology.
You don't believe it to be... tell me something, Doctor.  Why do you think they would go to all this trouble... bring you tens of thousands of light years, and then send you home without a shred of proof?  Sort of bad form, wouldn't you say?  What was their intent?
All the elements are there.  A woman, orphaned young, under a great deal of stress.  The failure of a project she's staked her self-worth and very sense of identity on -- induces a fantasy of reuniting with her 'father in heaven' as it were. Is it possible?
Is it possible...?
Dr. Arroway, do you think it's possible you had some kind of... delusional episode.
Yes, sir.
He died...  ... in 1972.
Yes, sir.
... And this is how the extraterrestrial presented himself to you?  As your father?
-- It's extremely unlikely that they had any idea what they were looking at.
-- Or 'you're our kind of people --'
It's a hoax.  I knew it!
What in the hell...?
How is that possible?  How could all that information be encoded in --
Hope there's a cartoon.
Okay, fine, they've got the primes -- but if you're right about there being another more significant transmission still to come --
Mike, because of the Earth's rotation we're only in line with Vega so many hours a day; the only way to get the whole message is to cooperate with other stations.  If Dr. Arroway hadn't moved quickly we could have lost key elements.
Dr. Arroway, let me first say --
Michael Kitz, National Security Advisor.
Dr. Arroway --
So... there wasn't any clothes in the machine.  She was just sitting there on the floor with her ear pressed up against the Maytag. Listening.
So?
Last week, about 3 A.M., Fish -- Dr. Fisher -- was on a late shift, and he found her doing laundry.
Tell me.
Nothing.  Okay.  Some of us have been a little... not concerned, exactly, but...
Still settling in, really.  Where's Dr. Arroway?
Glad to have you, David.  How's the new office?
Now I remember why I went into theoretical work.  Kent.
For giving me a chance, just for a moment, to feel what it must be like to be you.
Thank you?
Nothing.  I guess I just wanted to thank you.
What would you have me say, David?
Ellie... we both know that if I was any kind of a man, I never would've entered this race.  That I would have told the President straight out:  Helen, Eleanor Arroway is naive and strident and an enormous pain in the ass... but she's got more courage and intelligence than the rest of us put together.  That more then anyone else on the planet, she's earned this.  And that she should be the one to go because she's the best we have.  But that's not who I am.  I like to think it's who I might've been if things had gone a different way; that I might have been worthy, really worthy of what I've been given...  You do what you have to do.  And in the end, as with everything, it comes down to power.  And it isn't fair...
Good luck, David.
Right.  Well.
This... seemed best.
You aren't staying?
Maybe they are.  Maybe this is all part of the package.  The building of the machine has demanded international cooperation on an unprecedented scale.  Maybe requiring us to come together in this way was, in effect, part of the plan.
They knew our level of development. If, as you say, they've done this many times they'd be well aware of the implications.
... I can't believe they wouldn't take something as basic as our biological needs into account...
... Two years is still a hell of a long time -- and as far as we can tell there aren't any provisions in the machine design for storing food, water, even air...
Excuse me, I'm late for a meeting.
You...
As of three o'clock this afternoon. I submitted my resignation.
What?
Ellie... you should know that I'm no longer the President's Science Advisor.
I'm asking for your help, David.  I want to go.  They'll need someone relatively young, unattached -- and probably a scientist.  As the President's Science Advisor you have enormous weight... I'm asking if you'll support my candidacy.
I don't understand.
David... I know we've had our differences... but I've always thought of you as a fair man, even when we've disagreed -- and It's in that light I'm hoping you'll consider my request...
It'll just take a moment.
Actually I'm running late --
Do you have a minute -- ?
Ellie.
David --
You were right, Ellie.  You were right all along.
You mean --
We've cracked it.  Lunacharsky found it.
What is it?  What's happened?
Interesting analogy.  And how guilty would we feel if we happened to destroy some microbes on a beach in Africa?
Ms. President, this is communist paranoia right out of War of the Worlds.  There is no reason whatsoever to believe the ETIs intentions are hostile.  We pose no threat to them -- it would be like us going out of our way to destroy microbes on a beach in Africa.
It's not a threat, Ellie, it's a fact -- if you're not careful, you may find yourself out in the cold very quickly.  Play ball.  Really. It's good advice.
Are you threatening me?
I want you to listen to me, carefully.  The minute the implications of this message became clear, this stopped being simply a scientific matter and became a political one -- an extremely complex, extremely volatile one. There are forces at work here you don't understand; I can help you up to a point, but only up to a point.
Ellie --
I'm going to convert Mr. Science-is- the-root-of-all-evil?  This is absurd, David.  We have work to do here, I don't have time to play babysitter to the God Squad.
Apparently he's genuinely interested in science.  This could be a chance to win him over.
With me.
The theological ramifications of all this are obvious; the President feels we need to include religious interests rather than alienate them. She's also named Palmer Joss as their liaison; he's requested a meeting with you.
What?  Why?
... Arrangements also have to be made for the V.I.P.s coming in, mostly religious leaders...
Rotate 90 degrees counterclock wise.
Throw a gray scale on it; standard interpolation.
You must have checked the signal for polarization modulation already...
... could it be a nested code of some sort?
It's hardly yesterday; the signal's been traveling for over twenty-six years.  As for why...  I'm hoping your own expertise in decryption algorithms will help us find out -- to see if there's another message buried deeper in the signal.
If it's attention you want I'd say you've got it.  Just one thing:  Why Vega? Everyone's looked at Vega for years with no results, and now, yesterday, they start broadcasting primes. Why?
Mathematics is the only truly universal language, Senator.  We think this may be a beacon -- an announcement to get our attention.
It was a worthy experiment -- worthy of you; I was wrong about that part. But it's over now.
David --
Then why haven't you detected any signals?  If, as you claim, there have been thousands, millions of advanced civilizations out there for millions of years then why hasn't one signal gotten through?  It'll take a month or two for the paperwork to go through; you're welcome to stay until then.
Goddamnit, they are out there, David --
No... You're not.  But the price has just gotten too high.
The difference being what -- that I refuse to adopt the standard line, that I don't care about the results of my work?  Well, I do care.  Of course any discovery has to be verifiable, of course it must be subject to all rigors of scientific method, but I refuse to go around pretending I'm some kind of dispassionate automaton when it's obvious to anyone with a brain I'm just not.
The point is, this isn't just scientific inquiry anymore -- it's turned into some kind of personal obsession.
I'm searching for patterns in the noise, that's all.  Order in the chaos.  I'm practicing listening --
Meaning I have to go defend a budget to the President and to Congress and you're out here listening to washing machines.
Meaning...
It's not like you've given me much choice.
You can't just pull the plug, David.
Ellie, I should have done this a long time ago, certainly before I left the N.S.F., but I wanted to give you every benefit of the doubt --
It's not enough having my search time systematically cut down -- you know I'm down to three hours a week now.
You know why I'm here.
Did I tell you we've expanded the search spectrum?  We're including several other possible magic frequencies -- not just the hydrogen line anymore.  I was trying to get inside their heads, y'know?  And I started thinking, what other constants are there in the Universe besides hydrogen, and then suddenly it was so obvious -- transcendantals, right?  So we've been trying variations of pi...
Ellie...
No doubt.
Now exactly.  It's... complicated.
'President's Science Advisor' -- so what, you just spend all your time jetting around on Air Force One now...?
I'm surprised you even knew it was an election year.
Really?  Congratulations, by the way.
Very well; since my appointment he's been made interim director.
Oh?  How's he doing?
Peter sends his regards.
No, thanks.
Pepsi?  Tequila?
Then disagree but don't stand in my way!
I disagree.
What if you're wrong?  No -- I'll grant you probabilities but as a scientist without all the evidence -- you can't deny the possibility -- and I believe even the remotest possibility of something this profoundly... profound is worth investigation -- and worth taking a few risks.
Two:  There's nothing out there but noble gasses and carbon compounds and you'd be wasting your time.
You're --
And only two probabilities:  One: there is intelligent life in the universe but they're so far away you'll never contact it in your lifetime --
Dr. Drumlin, we are talking about what could potentially be the most important discovery in the history of humanity.  There are over four hundred billion stars out there --
I'm not.  You're far too promising a scientist to waste your considerable gifts on this nonsense --
I'm willing to take that risk.
I'm sorry, Miss Arroway, not only is it too Speculative a subject for a doctoral dissertation, at this point in your career it'd be tantamount to suicide.
Well --
What's the status of the decryption effort?
Yes -- of course -- all I'm saying is, this message was written in the language of science -- mathematics -- and was clearly intended to be received by scientists.  If it had been religious in nature it should have taken the form of a burning bush, or a booming voice from the sky...
Mr. Rank's organization represents the point of view of tens of millions of families, Dr. Arroway. Feel free to disagree, but there won't be any suppressing of opinions here today.
A transport.  So are they coming or are we going?
... And while its function remains, for the moment, a mystery, my best guess is that it represents a transport of some kind.
How soon will you be able to decode it?
Because you cut it from the budget three years running.
It could be anything.  The first volume of some Encyclopedia Galactica...
What does it say?
I don't know.  Maybe there is a fourth layer in there somewhere, but if there is, I sure as hell can't find it.
How can that be?
No primer.
And?
We've repeated.  A few minutes ago the message cycled back to page one.
What?
Maybe it'll be at the end of the data when the message recycles.
There's no way of knowing.  Without a key -- a primer, to help us, maybe never.
A third layer.
In ancient times when parchment was in short supply people would write over old writing... it was called a palimpsest.
What...
Analyzing signal polarization shifts.
Dr. Lunacharsky...?
NORAD's not tracking any spacecraft in our vector including snoops; shuttle Endeavor's in sleep mode.
How's the spying tonight, guys?
I scanned it at Arecibo; negative results, always.
That can't be right; it's only twenty-six light years away.
Put it on speakers.
Hydrogen times pi...  Got it.  Strong sucker.
I'm not sure.  You mind checking right ascension 18 hours, 34 minutes; declination plus 38 degrees 41 minutes?
Got a bogey, boss?
VB10's an M dwarf; Signa Draconis... too old.
Been there, done that, got the T-shirt.
J39 Z186...?
It's incredibly rich.  We've been cataloging it in frames or 'pages'; right now we're on 10,413.
I think we just hit the cosmic jackpot.
It's a civilian facility.
Can't we get rid of them?
It can't be coming from Vega, the system's too young.
Okay, let's just slow down.  Pull up the starfield signal origin.
Thank you, Mr. Sensitive.  I'm coming at this wrong... missing something... something...
You've only searched -- what is it, sixteen hundred stars without a peep?  Try not to take it too personally.
Never seen the optical sky myself, but I hear it's nice too.
It's beautiful.
It's how I hear it.  The display's just a little something I programmed for astronomers with the misfortune of sight.
This is how you see the sky?
Here, right around Centaurus A.
Nice.  Where?
1919+21.  Found a glitch in the timing; probably a starquake.
Ellie.  Pulsar?
Kent, Kent for Chrissakes.  You must be Eleanor.
Dr. Cullers?
Because I can't.
So why don't you admit what by your own standards must be the truth: that this experience simply didn't happen.
-- but I don't believe it to be the truth.
Thank you, Doctor.  Now --
Is it possible.  Yes.  But --
Please answer the question, Doctor.
By our standards... yes.
In fact, by all the laws of physics we know what you claim to have experienced is simply impossible.
I don't have the figures in front of me, but yes, that sounds about right.
And current theory holds that to sustain the sort of wormholes you're talking about, even for a fraction of a second, would require more energy than our sun produces in a year, is that correct?
There is no direct evidence, no.
I don't have an official response, Michael.  All I have are the same questions you have.
Is that your official response?
... I don't understand it.  All I can think is that maybe because the video gear wasn't accounted for in the original plans it somehow violated the integrity of the design.
That's terrific, but there's one problem:  we don't have the means to receive all the data on our own.
If at some later date the message proves harmless, we can discuss sharing it with the rest of the world, but until then --
Pardon me, but you can't do -- !
And a hundred mile airspace.
And a hundred mile airspace.
Colonel Jarrod, I'd like a twenty mile radio-silent perimeter put around this installation immediately.
You don't seem to understand that it's your interests I'm trying to protect -- !
-- which we'll also need the network's help to receive and decode!
You want to classify prime numbers?
I'm saying you might have consulted us; the contents of this message could be extremely sensitive...
This isn't a person to person call, Mr. Kitz.  I don't really think the civilization sending the message intended it just for Americans.
I'll come right to the point, Doctor.  Your sending this message all over the world may well be a breach of National Security.
Childhood is over, Ellie.  It's time to grow up.
No.  Please.
It's time to go home now.
Ellie... this is the way it's been done for billions of years...
Please -- if you... downloaded... everything about us you know the problems we face, the impact it could have -- it could make the difference --
No more stalling, Captain.
But you said you wanted to help -- don't you see what it would mean?
That isn't the way it works.
But -- other people from our planet should see what I've seen -- they should witness this for themselves.
Eventually you'll get here on your own.  This was just the first step; in time you'll take another.
None taken... but ... do we get to come back?  Others of my kind, I mean.
If we don't engineer a consistent causality it'll work itself out on its own, and that's almost always worse.  Ellie, according to your physics none of this is possible.  A lot of it you're simply not capable of understanding, not yet.  No offense.
No!  I mean... why so soon?
Now... you go home.
So.  What happens now?
You always have been.  We're all descendants of the same stars, Ellie.  All made of the same primordial atoms.
... all those voices... you gather them all together.  Millions of intelligences in one consciousness... and now we're a part of it.
The librarian... or the library...?
Am I one... or many?
Can you help us?
... life is unspeakably rare.  So whenever we do find another civilization, especially one that's... struggling... We send a message.  Sometimes we can offer help.  Sometimes we can't.  But we always try.  Life is simply too precious not to.
You have your mother's hands...  There are no tests, Ellie.  We don't sit in judgment.  Think of us more as... librarians.  Curators of the Universe's rarest and most valuable creation...
So we passed some kind of test?
Not all.  Some choose to stay at home and dream their dreams.  Some never make it this far.
The scale... it's just...  So all the civilizations you detect; they all end up coming here?
We don't know.  Whoever they were, they were gone long before we ever got here.
So who...?
Oh, we didn't build it.  The transit system has been in place for billions of years; we're just its... caretakers.
And they all travel here through this wormhole subway system you built.
Many others.
And those other docking ports I saw... I mean... there are others?
You contacted us.  We were simply listening.  We've been listening for millions of years.
Why did you contact us?
Small moves, Captain, small moves.
Can you show me?
Originally just another species like yourselves.  Well, not like you at all actually, but...
So who -- what -- are you?
We thought this might make things a little easier.
But you're so... I mean how could you possibly...?  When I was unconscious.  You... downloaded... my thoughts, my memories, even...  This beach.  I've never been here but I remember... it's how I always imagined...  Pensacola.
Am I artifact or dream?  You might ask that about anything.
So.  Are you an hallucination?  Or are little gear trains and circuit boards under your skin?
That's my scientist.
You're not real.  None of this is.
Dad... But tell me, how did... I mean how can...?
I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you, sweetheart.
I used... I used to dream you were alive... and then I'd wake up and lose you all over again.
Okay.
Time to sleep now, Captain.  But you can ask more questions in the morning, okay?
That's a beauty, Captain.  Now get some sleep.
Pensacola.
Okay, okay... there.
Mmm, that's a good one.  Maybe his echo...  Okay, no more stalling.
Could we hear God?
Big enough radio, I don't see why not.
Could we hear to the moon?
On that old shortwave?  Maybe on a clear night.  Come on now, under the covers.
Could we hear to China?
Just be yourself, Captain.  Find out where he is.
But what do I say?
Talk to him.
Try again between the static and 'Hey Jude'; that's where they're hiding.
I can't move any smaller.
Small moves, Captain, small moves.
Can't.  Doctor's orders.  The low oxygen/zero gravity environment is the only thing keeping the cancer from eating me alive.  It's all right -- I like it here. Ever try sex in zero-G?
Why don't you come back with me?
-- of Hadden Industries.
As each component was tested and shipped off to Texas a duplicate was maintained and assembled in Hokkaido -- for backup purposes, of course. We've been right behind you the entire time.  You see my problem:  I couldn't appear to control too large a percentage; my enemies wouldn't stand for it.  So I simply made sure the Japanese consortium received the systems integration contract.  Of course no one had to know the corporations involved were recently acquired, wholly-owned subsidiaries --
Mmm.  Look closer.
The systems integration site.
Hokkaido Island.
Wouldn't you if you saw Hitler on TV?  Come; I want to show you something.
The gods sent us the machine because they took pity on us.
I think whoever sent the message did it because they're worried about us.
You sound like Joseph.  You think the world ends with the millennium?
Oh, not quite yet.  At least for their sake...  ... I hope it's not.  Because they're running out of time.
What are you talking about?  It's over.
Yes.  A shame.  Still... it'd be worse if they died for nothing.
It looks like pixie dust...  Kent would've given anything to see this.  David, too.
Japanese squid fleet.  They use lights to attract them to the surface... then turn them into sushi.
What's that?
Poor, tired, spinning girl... How we feasted on her.  And now that we've had our fill and given her a giant dose of the clap... we're pulling out.  That's Paris, where my daughter was born.  Moscow, where gangsters rule the night and I gave up smoking.  So many battles, so many lives... all that sturm, and drang.  As if it never happened.  If it weren't for a few power grids, you wouldn't know we existed.
It's so... small.
A sunrise and a sunset every forty- five minutes.
That's my girl.  Done.
Mr. Hadden, I'm a scientist; I don't make deals... But.  If you wish to give me, in good faith, access to your information, I can assure you that I will exert all reasonable efforts to promote your cause wherever it doesn't conflict with the best interests of science... or my better judgment.
In return... you get the primer -- and with it the power to stay in the game.  Do we have a deal?
And in return?
That would seem to be the question of the hour.  I want to build it, Doctor.  Of course I'm already lobbying through the usual channels of influence and corruption -- but as I said, my colorful past has made many of those channels... difficult to navigate. I need someone on the inside.
A machine.  But a machine that does what?
Very good, Doctor.  I've also detected structural elements, back references, a general movement from the simple to the complex -- all of which would seem to indicate instructions -- an enormously complicated set of instructions -- for building something.
Some kind of circuitry...?
-- even if he doesn't receive the entire transmission.  Heaven is the mustard seed.
You're saying... there is no separate primer in the message -- because it's on every page so the recipient can decipher it wherever he is --
Not if you think like a Vegan.
A page-break signal.  A period.
Page after page of data -- over sixty-three thousand in all, if I'm not mistaken... and at the end of each...
That's my girl...  Lights.
If I knew you any better I'd say that doesn't sound like you.
I've had a long time to make enemies, Dr. Arroway.  There are many governments, business interests, even religious leaders who would like to see me disappear. And I will grant them their wish soon enough... But before I do, I wish to make a small contribution -- a final gesture of goodwill toward the people of this little planet who've given -- from whom I've taken so much.
You've... found it.  What could I possibly have that you would want, Mr. Hadden?
Oh, maybe not out -- but definitely looking for you coat.  I understand you've had some difficulty locating the -- what are you calling it?  The 'primer' that will make decryption possible...  I've found it.
I didn't realize I was out.
The powers that be have been quite busy lately, falling over each other to position themselves for the game of the century, if not the millennium.  Perhaps you've noticed.  Perhaps I could help deal you back in.
What kind of deal?
The infamous, unfashionable bluntness.  You're here so we can do business. I want to make a deal.
Why am I here, Mr. Hadden?
I find it convenient to keep my interests... mobile.  Anyway, I've had my fill of life on the ground. After spending much of this century pursuing the evils and pleasures the world has to offer -- after outliving three wives and two children...  I find I've had quite enough of planet Earth.
You live here.
Once upon a time I was a hell of an engineer.  Please, sit, Doctor.  I have guests so rarely, it's important to me they feel welcome in my home.  Did you know this was once Yeltsin's flying dascha?  That dent is where he threw a bottle of vodka at the pilot.  At least that's what the people who sold me the plane said...
S.R. Hadden...  You compromised our security codes.
I think it is your naivete I like best about you, Eleanor.  Oh, there'll be a worldwide protest, but we all knew it from the very beginning.  You Americans discovered the signal, you led the decryption effort.  The machine is being built on your home soil... Of course the passenger will be an American, chosen by Americans.  Anyway, it is what the whole world wants, no?  This is the big show. The sort you put on better than anyone.  It's good marketing.  It's good casting.  It's the American way.
You're implying that the whole selection process is a sham?
I do.  More than anything.  But I am also a realist.  Soon this... what is your charming term -- ?  Dog and pony show will finally be over, and I will go home.
I thought you were here because you want to go.
Perhaps.  But on the off-chance that it is a 'doomsday device' of some kind, I plan to be very far away from your lovely Texas when it is activated.
I'd say this is slightly different.
We've just lived through a century of incredible violence and self- destruction.  Do you call it 'interventionist' when you stop a toddler from walking in front of a truck?
Very well.  Assume this is true. Assume they have only the best of intentions.  Suppose they decide to just step in and solve all our problems for us.  You have no objection to them so flagrantly intervening in human affairs?
But the machine worked -- that's what I've been trying to tell everyone!  The tape -- it's all there, if they'd just look at...  ... the tape...
That's one way of putting it.  Kitz, the President, the I.S.C. have shut down all official communications; there've also been reports of riots flaring up across the U.S. and Europe.  Until we figure out what went wrong things may get rough, especially for you --
Peter... What is going on?  Has everyone gone completely insane?
How long was I gone?
What day?
Peter, what are you talking about? What malfunction?  What day is this?
It's all right, the important thing is you're safe --
Wait -- hold on a minute --
Thank God.  When we lost contact, I thought -- we thought... but you're okay.  We're still trying to determine the nature of the malfunction.  Did you notice anything at all that --
I'm -- I'm fine.
Ellie -- are you okay?
Like it.  Almost there.
Like it or not.
That you, Valerian?
It's really happening.
Someone tell me this is really happening.
You too.
It's good to see you, Ellie.
Peter.
Ellie.
That is true.  But it's also true that if I really thought we wanted the same things, I'd follow you anywhere... but the truth is I don't think you want the company.  Be honest, El.  There's nowhere you'd rather be than sitting out at some remote corner of the world searching for the answers to the mysteries of the universe.  And call me crazy, but I just can't compete with that... I'm sorry.
You sonofabitch.
Ellie -- I'm getting married.  Her name's Laura.  She came up to Owens Valley to do her post-doc about six months after you left.
I'm serious about this, Peter --
Ellie --
Right now -- we'll drive down to Ramey and get the base chaplain to marry us.
Jesus --
And you think I don't want those things?  You think I don't stay up half the night wondering if I've made the right choice living half a world away from you, wondering if any of this is worth what I'm giving up for it everyday?  Let's get married.
Maybe that's the problem.  I want... a family, Ellie.  I want kids.  A townhouse on L street instead of still living like a college kid.  A real life.  Maybe that makes me a sellout but I don't care anymore. It's what I want.
Please, you're just as ambitious as I am, more --
'The work,' Jesus, Ellie, can't there just once be more to life than the work?  Okay, maybe that's the only way to get the recognition, win the prizes --
But the work --
This is a chance to be of enormous help to other people's research -- to have the power to be a real advocate where David's got blind spots --
But what about your research -- ?
I'm going on staff at the N.S.F.  To work for Drumlin.
Greenbank?
-- I'm moving to Washington.
We could be together again --
Actually --
Peter -- if you can get him to do that for me he'd obviously do the same for you -- we could -- !
Thirty-one linked dishes.  You could search more sky there in a day than you could in a year here.
The V.L.A.?
What if I said I could get Drumlin to agree to sell you time in New Mexico?
It's almost there.  The hardest part is getting someone to sell us the telescope time.
How close are you to getting this funding put together?
If we lived at any previous time in human history we wouldn't even have the option of failing -- we'd have to wonder our whole lives, unable to do anything about it.  This time, right now, is unique in our history, in any civilization's history -- the moment of the acquisition of technology.  The moment when contact becomes possible.  We've already beaten incredible odds by being lucky enough to be alive now.
Ellie... even if you do manage to raise the money, have you thought about what it would really mean to follow through on this?  I mean a college fetish is one thing, but we're talking about your career. You won't be publishing.  You won't be taken seriously... and you could spend your entire life looking and never find anything at all.
... We've been going after some of the big multi-nationals but without much luck; got a donation from a New York dowager... We've even been thinking about selling T-shirts.
I've examined over forty stars of roughly solar spectral type but so far nothing.  Still, we've barely started...
And?
Please.  Any chance of that died the day David Drumlin was appointed head of the N.S.F.  I have been in contact with a few other SETI people; we've been trying to find backing from private investors. I've even managed to scrounge a couple of hours of telescope time here and there...
Any luck on the grant money?
... I keep telling myself okay, that's just the price, you have to do your time doing shitwork before you're allowed to get to the good stuff... but if I have to catalog one more quasar...  God, I've missed you.
'... is indistinguishable from magic.'
'Any sufficiently advanced technology...'
It's like the pre-Copernicans who swore the sun revolved around the Earth, or the Victorians at the end of the last century who concluded that all major discoveries had now been made.  I mean... try to imagine civilization a thousand years ahead of us -- then imagine trying to explain... I dunno, a microwave oven -- to someone even a hundred years ago -- I mean the basic concepts didn't exist...
They can't.  I think it's against human nature to admit to that level of... insignificance; to not see yourself as basically the center of the universe.
... I'm just so sick of feeling defensive about the things I care about!  Or being lumped in with the lunatic fringe by people like Drumlin, when if they'd just put aside their preconceptions for two seconds and look at the facts...
What a coincidence.  It happens to be my fetish too.
Keep it down, okay?  Drumlin thinks I'm enough of a flake as it is.  Look -- everyone here has their little fetishes.  Caven goes to topless bars, Vernon's got his carnivorous plants... mine just happens to be extraterrestrial intelligence.
I read your paper on ETI's.  It's brilliant.
Yavol.
Sounds like a Russian general.
Peter Valerian.
Ellie.  Arroway.
That's what they all say.
He's an incredible prick but I never learned so much in my life.
It's beautiful but it does get a little lonely.  Sometimes I think the reason we build these things in such godforsaken places isn't to avoid excess radio traffic but because we're all such pathetic antisocial misfits... Speaking of which:  How're you getting on with the old man?
... Drumlin said you're been down at Arecibo for the last year.
Something my dad -- they -- said. 'After all the suffering, after all the desolation of the void -- the one thing that makes the vastness tolerable is each other.'  The one thing that makes it bearable is love.
Meaning...
I'm not sure...  Maybe it simply exists in the search for it.  Maybe its something we have to make for ourselves.
Does that mean you think it doesn't exist?
I don't know.  If it was a god, it was searching for a greater one.  It was still searching for meaning...
In other words.
In other words, God works in mysterious ways...
Maybe what you experienced can't be reduced to images on a videotape. Maybe they still plan to grant your request, only in their own way, in their own time... Or maybe it's just like you said:  ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology.
... but it is a good question, and I suppose I'll always wonder about the answer:  Why would they send me back without proof?
Ellie... if you go out there like this -- if you admit to even the possibility that what you experienced didn't actually happen -- I'm afraid they really will crucify you.  Please.  For your own sake, for the sake of the world... tell them what you know to be the truth.  Tell them it really happened.
I want to, Palmer -- more than anything.  But it has to be real. It has to be true.
Have you seen what's happening out there?  The terror, the despair? The world is on fire, Ellie.  People need something they can believe in, something worthy, and you can give it to them!
But --
Ellie, the only one holding you to that standard is you!  The people want to hear your story, they need to hear it!
It's not enough, don't you understand?  I know it happened -- but by every standard of science, by every standard I've lived my life by that fact is utterly beside the point.  It may be true but it doesn't matter because I can't prove it's real.
Ellie, you're the proof.  You tell them your story.  Ultimately they'll have no choice but to believe you.
I don't have any proof, Palmer.
It also makes God enormous.  I think of the scope of your universe, Ellie... and it takes my breath away.  As it will everyone else's.
You're sure you want to?  In the universe I saw we're not exactly the stars of the show.  What happened to me makes us all seem pretty damn small.
I do.
They don't believe me.
I'm not sure it's come to that.
So.  I'm assuming they sent you here to administer last rites?
Pretty ironic, huh?  I had to go all the way to the center of the galaxy... Just to find you.
It was quite a page turner.
I'm assuming you read my deposition.
Hi.
Hi.
And yet that's always how I seem to end up, isn't it?  If you really do love me, Palmer, you'll leave.  Now.  Please.
Ellie, there is no reason you have to be alone.
I can't hear this now --
Do you really think your life is meaningless, Eleanor?  Is that why you're so quick to risk it -- because if your life means nothing then you have nothing to lose?
-- I don't know --
And then what?  Then you'll be safe?
Don't you understand?  I just have to hold it together -- just until tomorrow --
I'm in love with you, Ellie.
Please --
What are my other options?  In fifty years?  Never?
Please, Palmer -- if you care for me at all, don't push this now --
What are you so afraid of?
I can't do this --
What?
I'm sorry -- I can't --
Ellie, what is it?
What is it?
I'm sorry.
What...?
Maybe that's okay.
I do seem to be... Maybe because I'm just a little bit terrified about tomorrow.
You're trembling.
Thank you.
During the crusades -- pilgrims who made the journey to the holy land brought back a palm frond to show they'd actually been there.  I thought it sort of made sense that Earth is now your holy land, so...
Oh.  I brought you something.
The final countdown.
So.  The final countdown.
I remember.  You were indelicate, indiscreet and entirely less than tactful... Sound like anyone you know?
Ellie... the last time we spoke... I said some things...
What if their answer is, 'Oh, that's easy.  A thousand years ago our world was in terrible shape, our population out of control, violent crime, no food... so we called a general council and decided to eliminate the anit-social.  The weak.  The sick.  The unwanted.  And ever since we've been doing great.'
How do you mean?
An excellent question, Doctor.  But what if we don't like the answer?
... Another question I would ask would be a very simple one.  How did you do it?  How did you evolve as far as you have and not destroy yourselves?
It's late.  We should go back.
Ellie --
What are you so afraid of, Ellie?
It's getting late...
And yet you're willing to die for this cause, the one thing that's given your life a sense of purpose. Don't you see the contradiction here -- ?
I don't know.  But as a scientist I have to consider that possibility.
Do you really believe your life is meaningless?
Maybe the reason people are having trouble finding meaning isn't because science has obscured it... maybe it's just revealed it isn't there.
I don't follow.
Did you ever stop to think that maybe that isn't science's fault, but meaning's?
I don't consider you the enemy, Ellie.  I'm not 'out to get' technology.  I only ask the question:  Does it have to have all the answers?  I look out there and I see so much emptiness... People are so starved for meaning, and it's something they just don't seem to be getting from science.
I thought it was well-written. Heart-felt.  And a little bit naive... But that's just the enemy's perspective.
I won't deny I was ambitious.  When I had my... experience... I wanted to tell my story to as many people as possible.  I'm the first to admit that process included making some compromises.  You didn't answer my question.
I'm more interested in the story behind the story... How a young man goes from living on the streets of South Boston to being the best- selling media figure rubbing elbows with the President.
What'd you think?
Losing Faith:  The Search For Meaning In the Age of Reason. Catchy.
Really.
I read your book.
It's what my whole life's been... aimed at; the only thing that's given it a sense of purpose.
You're willing to die for this.
If you came back.  If you survived at all.  Which it's pretty certain you wouldn't.
And everybody you care about would be dead and buried.
Something like that.
If you came back... you'd only be four years older -- but over 50 years would have passed on Earth.
If you came back.
Relativity.  Explain this to me one more time... even if you traveled near the speed of light, when you came back --
In other words.
In other words, God is one hell of an engineer.
It's too... elegant.  The degree of economy is extraordinary; it's really the next logical step... Even on Earth technology has always aspired to a condition of nature. D.N.A. outclasses any computer we can come up with; the human body is the most exquisitely designed machine imaginable.
Why?
I don't think so.
Maybe you're creating a monster.
Not exactly.  It has organic qualities, but we don't really understand how they're integrated with the mechanical systems.
Some of my best friends are scientists.  They're saying the machine is alive.
I was referring to the selectees mingling with the selectors.
Some of my best friends are scientists.
So.  Is this kosher fraternizing with the enemy like this?
Prove it.
Yes.  Very much.
Did you love him?
I never knew my mother.  My father died when I was nine.
Do you love your parents?
You may not believe this... but there's a part of me that wants more than anything to believe in your God.  To believe that we're all here for a purpose, that all this... means something.  But it's because that part of me wants it so badly that I'm so stubborn about making sure it isn't just self-delusion. Of course I want to know God if there is one... but it has to be real.  Unless I have proof how can I be sure?
Look, I'm a reasonable person, and reasonably intelligent.  But this experience went beyond both.  For the first time I had to consider the possibility that intellect, as wonderful as it is, is not the only way of comprehending the universe. That it was too small and inadequate a tool to deal with what it was faced with.
And there's no chance you had this experience simply because some part of you needed to have it?
I had... an experience.  Of belonging.  Of unconditional love. And for the first time in my life I wasn't terrified, and I wasn't alone.
Can you try?
... It's an old story.  I grew up in South Boston, more or less on the streets.  By the time I was thirteen I'd tried my first hit of heroin, by fifteen I'd stopped using but I was dealing full-time.  By the time I was nineteen I decided I didn't want to live any more, at least not in a world like that.  One day I got on a bus; I got as far as Ohio before my money ran out, and after that I just kept walking.  Didn't eat, didn't sleep... just walked.  I ended up collapsing in a wheat field.  There was a storm... I woke up...  And that's about as far as words'll go.
Now you know.
That's not doubt.  That's four hundred years of science fighting a billion years of instinct.  I always wondered what you religious types did with your free time.
Only a tiny bit.  Even the most devout believer is allowed a little doubt.
I flinched.
So if I let the pendulum go, when it swings back you wouldn't flinch.
And mind, yes.  What are you --
And you believe this law with all your heart and soul.
That's not faith, it's physics.  The second law of thermodynamics.
Your 'faith' tells you that the distance a pendulum swings from the vertical can never get bigger, only smaller.
Very smooth.  It's Palmer, right? Where I came from a palmer was a person who cheated at cards.  Really though... the Bible describes a God who watches over one tiny world a few thousand years old.  I look out there and see a universe of hundreds of billions of galaxies, each with hundreds of billions of stars... I mean burn me for a heretic, but your God seems awfully small.
'My father's house has many mansions.'
Well it's been a while, but I don't recall the Bible saying too much about alien civilizations.
How do you mean?
What about you?  Doesn't all of this shake your faith at all?
Spoken like a true believer.
I guess I would've felt sorry for the universe.
And what would you have done if the odds had gone against you?
I'd say logic more than faith.  The odds were on my side.
... What I'm curious about are the wilderness years.  You're out there all alone, no money, mocked by the skeptics.  It must have taken tremendous faith.
Make that two.
Champagne please.
I'd have to say I don't know enough to have one yet.  For the moment I don't believe the two approaches have to be mutually exclusive.
And where exactly does that put your position...?
I agree with Mr. Rank that there are unavoidable religious implications here -- but I don't think it justifies taking an alarmist position.  Dr. Arroway is right -- their chosen means of communication was a scientific one, and a scientific approach is probably appropriate, at least until the theological dimensions of the problem become more apparent.
For managing the truth.  But the truth won't be managed, sir.  It stops being the truth the moment you try.
Nobody is proposing we censor the truth here, Doctor.  We're simply talking about putting a mechanism in place --
I guess I'd say I trust us enough to believe our response would be something to the effect of, thanks for the advice, but no thanks.  But to dilute or censor the truth, for whatever reason --
How would you propose we handle it, Doctor?
You kill me, you really do.  The first truly global, a-political event in history and you can't wait to spin it.
Y'know what?  Fine.  I guess if we want them to know the truth about who we are there's no quicker way to show them.
Dr. Arroway, you are entitled to your opinion.  But we feel quite strongly that it would by both irresponsible and naive to send a human being into a completely unknown, completely uncontrollable situation absolutely defenseless.
Call it xenophobic paranoia.  Don't you see the absolute absurdity of this?  This isn't about them, it's about us -- our violence, our fear and mistrust --
It's designed purely as a defensive device.  Call it a reasonable precaution.
I question the thinking behind sending the first ambassador to another civilization in armed -- basically announcing our intentions are hostile.
You have a question, Dr. Arroway?
Have your department make a full report.
I don't know.  Maybe we built the damn thing wrong.  Maybe it was all a hoax...  The safest thing would probably be to do a Chernobyl; encase it in concrete.
Recommendations?
... as have all attempts at internal analysis.  We've tried sonargrams, magnetic resonance, gamma rays; it's completely impenetrable.
That's it, Mike.  Last time I checked, I was still running the country.  Although it seems that for the moment, Dr. Arroway is running the planet.
But --
Well.  That would seem to decide it. Like it or not, for the moment, anyway, it looks like we're all in this together.
What is it?
Oh my God...
Cut that backsass!
But I made this arrangement --
Git movin', I said.
I don't think you understand. We made a deal ---
Git your shovel and git to work.
Boss, I made an arrangement with that man to take his broom.
I got two years.
Hot damn, Drag. Tomorrow's Saturday. Another week almost made.
I've got this weak heart. Too much drinking, I guess. As soon as they find out about it, they'll probably send me someplace else.
Buck is a deal.
I'll make it a dollar.
Fifty cents? Sweet job like that worth at least a buck.
We work down in the ditch?
I'm lucky I got a broom. Work up top. Real easy job. Man, it's gonna be hot down in that ditch.
It wasn't his fault. Nobody said anything about seats. We --
You don't take another man's place, boy.
Laugh it up, kid. You'll make out.
Gotta go, Arletta.
Nothin' to do with it. I ain't never give John the kind of feelin' I give you, so I'm payin' him off now. Don't feel you got to say anything. Way it is, sometimes, you just have a feelin' for a child or you don't, and with John I just didn't.
That's good: he earned it.
I'm leavin' the place to John.
Yeah.
Well, why not? Idee of marryin' got you all choked up, trying to pretend you was respectable you was borin' the hell out of all of us.
She took off with that convertible feller...
You allus had good jobs, and that girl in Kentucky I taken a shine to her.
Tried to live always just as free and aboveboard as you been, and well, they ain't that much elbow room.
No.
Nothin'. Ever'thing's cool's can be.
What went wrong?
Here, Mom.
You think life is some kind of ocean voyage and you start out with buntin' and hollerin' and high hopes, but the damn ship goes down before you ever reach the other side. Luke?
Yeah, would of been nice to of knowed him, the way you talk about him.
Oh, I had me some high old times. Yore old man, Luke, wasn't much for stickin' around, but damn it he made me laugh.
You never wanted to live forever anyways, did you? It wasn't such a hell of a life.
I ain't askin' what you'll do after you get out, because I'm gonna be dead and it don't matter.
We call it abuildin' time, Arletta.
What are you doin' here?
Yeah.
Well, I don't know, I just wash my hands of it, I guess I just got to love you and let go.
No. But things ain't always like they seem, Arletta. You know that. A man's gotta go his own way.
We allus thought you was strong enough to carry it. Was we wrong?
You never thought that's a heavy load?
No it hain't, Luke. You ain't alone. Ever whar you go, I'm with you, and so's John.
Yeah, well, Arletta, you done your best. What I done with myself is my problem.
Smokin' it up here, Boss.
Sometimes I wisht people was like dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like, when the bitch just don't recognize her pups no more, so she don't have no hopes nor love to bring her pain. She just don't give a damn. They let you smoke?
Like to oblige you, Arletta, but right off I don't know where to put my hands on 'em.
I allus hoped to see you well fixed and have me a crop of grandkids to kiss and fuss around with.
Well, Arletta, I got to stand down here.
Yeah. Well.  Gettin' up here, Boss.
Helen, she sent along your things with a note, and John here, he wrote to the police.
How'd you find me?
Yeah. Did you have them both at once or --
We saw the broads.
He's probably a gigolo.
A salesman! Cool Hand Luke a salesman?
You steal a car?
Tell us about it.
Ram it in and break it off!
Go hard!
Sure he's got kings but you still gotta call him.
Gotta have kings.
Oh lean over here, lady. Lean this way.
Lookit her bounce.
Yes, Boss.
You cut that up fer lunch, Luke.
Yes sir, Boss Paul!
Go git it, Luke.
I know, I know. Just don't hit me.
Luke, you run again and we'll kill you.
No, Boss! I won't. I won't. I got my mind right. I got it right, Boss. Please don't hit me no more.
Supposin' you was to backslide on us, Luke? Supposin' you was to backsass or try to run again...
Yes, Boss. I got it right.
You got your mind right, Luke?
Don't hit me! Please, for God's sake, don't hit me.
Git to work!
Please! Please!
I... I... I...
What's all this dirt in the yard?
You don't know!
I don't know, Boss.
Then how come it ain't done yet?
Boss, you don't need reasons to hit me.
You was eyeballin', Luke. You can't gitcha mind on them weeds if yer eyeballin'...
Yeah. Come on out, Luke.
Comin' out here, Boss?
She's got him! You hear that?
Here's the Patrol.
How my suppose to handle a dog someone jus' let loose?
It ain't my fault you don't know how to handle your dogs.
She's on to him. You shoulda waited fer me to git her out -- loose like she is, he kin run her crazy.
Captain says to wait 'til the Patrol gits here.
Blue'll git him, Boss. We'll git that bastid, Cool Hand Luke.
He ain't even got the sense to run from the road like everybody else.
Yeah, they sure do make a lot of cold, hard, noise, Captain.
You gonna get used to wearing them chains aftera while, Luke. But don't you never stop listenin' to them clinkin'. That's gonna remind you of what I been sayin'.
Well, you got yourself some time now. Two years. Hell, that ain't much, we got coupla men here doin' twenty spots. We got one who's got all of it. We got all kinds and you gonna fit in real good. Course in case you git rabbit in your blood and decide to take off fer home, you git a bonus a some time and couple leg chains to keep you slowed down a little -- fer your own good. You'll learn the rules. It's all up to you. I can be a good guy or I can be one mean son-of-a-bitch, it's up to you.
That's right, Captain. Just passin' the time.
Says here you done real good in the war: Silver Star, Bronze Star, couple Purple Hearts. Sergeant! Little time in stockades. Come out the same way you went in: Buck Private.
I guess you could say I wasn't thinkin', Captain.
Well, we ain't never had one of them. Where'd you think that was gonna get you?
Cuttin' the heads off parkin' meters, Captain.
Maliciously destroyin' municipal property while under the influence. What was that?
Here, Captain.
Mister Cool Hand here is the soft heart in our Loan Department. Next!
Borrowin'.
Borrowin' or payin' back?
You jes' watch us!
You can't do that!
Ah believe I smell me a blonde-haired lady.
That ain't nuthing compared to what we used to do in San Pedro. There was this ensign...
I did three hitches in the Navy. It ain't bad. After a while, you get used to it and the time --
Only two? Man, I already done eight. Nothin' to it. Just make the days and let the weeks and the years make themselves.
-- went down to see this old hag and she had needles the size of that cane.
Hey, Tattoo!
Had it done in Singapore. Bunch of us drunk as coots --
I'll give you fifty cents.
You was to sell your job, maybe this Lucas War Hero would give you a price.
Fasten your flap! All you Newmeats gonna have to shape up fast and hard on this gang. We got rules here an' in order to learn them, you gotta keep your ears open and your mouths shut.
In the Navy, we used to call guys --
He's gonna be awright.
That's my baby.
Well --- okay. It's a deal. One cold drink, if'n you please. In advance. One chilly bottle right here in mah hot l'il hand... That goes for the rest of you mullet-heads, too.
A cold drink? Okay?
A cold drink? You mean one cold drink? To feast yore starvin' fishy l'il eyes on The Picture? A true vision of Paradise itself? With two of the angels right there in plain sight a- friskin' round with mah boy?
A cold drink.
It'd go to your coconut head. You'd start getting ideas. Maybe even pass right out.
Come on, Drag. Lemme take a look.
What for?
Dragline, lemme look at the picture.
Mah baby! We're diggin' and dyin' but our boy Luke is lovin' and flyin'.
Oh lookit that brunette.
Get away!
Lemme see it!
I'm dyin'. I'm dyin'.
Looka that! Two of them. Oh my...
He's eatin' steak and corn with butter and green beans and...
He ain't eating beans fer lunch.
Shut up. Let him eat. Don't pay them no mind, boy.
What happened? How far did you get?
Jus' take it slow, buddy.
'Bout two hours left.
But there's still daylight left.
I call.
So then you just call him.
He's been betting his head from the gun. Gotta have kings.
Uh-huh. And he ain't got nothing showing. Raise his head off.
I kin see that, brick head. I mean your hole card.
Pair'a nines.
Whatcha got?
Look, she's got paint on her toenails! Oh Lord, whatever I done, don't strike me blind for 'nother couple minutes. Oh you Lucille!
I'm dyin'. I'm dyin'!
I got eyes, don't I? How my not gonna see something like that?
Oh, man, did you see her? Did you see her?
Drag's been chain-ganging so long he's got a nose like a bloodhound.
She looks just like Mrs. Patricia Handy, a married woman... I useta fool with. Man, I kin sniff blondes from a hunnert yards and redheads from a mile and a half.
Wouldn't surprise me none.  Wicker Man says you got a hundred- twenny and some change in the Captain's safe and you got your five dollars pocket money... That'll buy you a whole fistfull of cards. You in or out?
Newmeat looks like a poker player, Drag.
Tramp! Beautiful!
You gotta mind your manners, you actin' like a hillbilly tramp.
Thass right. Just play it...
Like I always do?
Luke, you got to listen to me. All you got to do is just give up nice and quiet, just play it cool.
You don't understand a thing, do you, Drag?
Why sure, Luke. I mean I didn't talk to them about that. But why not? They're reasonable, Luke. Hell, we only been gone a coupla hours.
Do we even get our same bunks back?
Luke, are you alright?... They got us, boy. They're out there thicker'n flies. Bosses and dogs and sheriffs and more guns than I ever seen in my life. We don't have a chance, Luke... They caught up with me right after we split up and they was aimin' to kill you, Luke. But I got 'em to promise if you give up peaceful, they wouldn't even whip you this time.
Is that your answer, Old Man? You're a hardcase too, ain't you?
But what am I gonna do all by myself?  Oh if'n I hadn't lost mah head. I only had two more years to go. But when I saw you tearin' down with that truck... But you right Luke. We oughta split up. Be safer for us both.
On my own.
Luke. Where you goin?
Take it easy, Drag.
But, Luke...
I've done enough world-shakin' for a while. You do the rest for me. Send me a postcard about it.
What you mean, Luke?
Yeah, well, you and Koko kin handle it without me.
What you talkin' about, Luke? We're together, you and me, just like always. Now the thing we gotta work out is how to get Koko outa there and then the Terrible Trio be all complete again. Man, this old Free World ain't gonna know which ear to stand on.
We ain't goin' nowhere.
Whoee, it's cold. Wisht I had somethin' to eat. Bread, grits, beans even. Soon's we get to my house, we're gonna have us one big meal and then I'm gonna show you some farm girls that...
And all the time you was plannin' on runnin' again.
Foolin', Hell! I would have eaten that dirt for them. They coulda used my head for a shovel and a my face for a broom... They just never did get a piece of my mind.
Don't hit me no more, Boss! Don't hit me! I'll do anythin' you say but just don't hit me! Oh Luke. You are an original, you truly are. You really fooled them.
Oh, that's mah darlin' Luke. Grins like a baby and bites like a 'gator.
Sure do... that's why we didn't bet with the Navy.
Knock it off, Luke! You cain't talk about Him that way.
Look at Him go. Bam! Bam!
Us elephants may be a lil slow, like in makin' love, but you give us a coupla three days to really get with it an' man -- stand back!
Like an elephant.
'Atsa sign I got me an affectionate nature.
You ol' sack of guts. I had a belly like yours, we wouldn't have nothin' to worry about.
Yeah, I know. But what we gotta do first is stretch that l'il ol' belly of yours -- git it all strained out, in fightin' shape, like a barrage balloon.
We got it locked in the sock.
What did I do? Stole and tole lies. I loved mah neighbor and his wife, but what did I do to deserve this lunatic to come in mah happy home and beat me outa hard earned bread.
Nothin' to worry about. We got a deadlock on that mullet.
Damn, Luke. What's the matter with you? what's the matter with me?
Fifty's a nice round number.
Why'd you have to say fifty? Why not thirty-five or thirty-nine?
That's it. That's the end.
Where'd the road go?
They ain't never seen a bull gang before.
They don't know iff'n to smile, spit or swallow.
The man wants speed, let's give it to him. Ram it in and break it off. Go hard. Shag it.
Hey, buddy. Take it easy. You're making me look bad.
Cool Hand Luke.
Nuthin' can be a pretty cool hand.
Nuthin'! A handfull of nuthin'!  You stupid mullet-head. He beat you with nuthin'! Just like today when he kept coming back at me.
That's what you're gonna have to do.
I'm gonna kill you, you go on...
Stop beatin', man. You ain't doin' nobody no good.
Whatta you mean, forget it?
Boy. You jus' asking to be handled!
Your Lucille? Man, you better put them glasses back on and take a look at yourself.
Shut your mouth 'bout my Lucille.
Innocent?
That'sa Lucille, you mullet head! Any girl so innocent and built like that gotta be named Lucille.
Lucille? Where do you get that?
Long enough to see redhots come and redhots go.
Maybe he's been chain-ganging too long.
But damn if he don't look like a fat old Dragline.
Man, this here Newmeat parking meter bandit thing what calls itself Luke don't know nuthin' 'bout nuthin'.
I thought you knew, boy... they sentenced me by the mile.
Slow down, man. They ain't passing out medals for slinging dirt.
You tryin' to say somethin'?
Yeah, those poor old guards need all the help they can get.
Course not. He ain't in the box 'cause a the joke played on him. He's there 'cause he back sassed a Free Man. They got their rules and we ain't got nothing to do with that. Woulda probably happened to him sooner or later, to a complainer like him. He's gotta learn the rules same as anybody else.
Back at it in the mornin'. Just need a little nap...
Plumb busted out. Looks like the hard road finally got to Mister Lucas War Hero.
I just always did like truck rides.
Whatta you so happy about?
Well, you know. Small town, not much to do in the evenings. Mostly it was settling up old scores.
Oh we got our sources... Tearing the heads off... what was it... gumball machines? What kind of thing is that for a grown man?
A Lucas Jackson.
Well, whatta we got here?
I didn't say nothin', Boss.
Somebody say somethin'?
Oh mah baby Luke.
That fool. That damn fool.
Oh Lord!
Your Luke's got more guts than brains.
That ole box collapse and fall apart before Luke calls quits.
Oh my. Oh my... Give it back here!
Dear Boys. Playing it cool. Wish you were here. Love, Cool Hand Luke.
What's the writing say?
Forty-five.
All right now: get mad at them eggs. Eat it there boy! Bite it! Gnaw on it!
Come on, boy, come on, darlin'. You kin do her. Just let that ol' belly sag and enjoy itself. Stay loose, buddy. Eight more, between you and everlasting glory. Little ol' eggs, pigeon eggs, that's all, fish eggs practically.
Thirty-nine... forty... forty-one... forty-two...
You jus' may be great at hangin' paper around the big cities, but us country boys is not entirely brainless. When it comes to the law, nothin' is understood.
He peels the eggs himself. That's understood.
You ever see mah boy throw up? Shut your mouth and put up your money!
One rule! No throwing up. He throws up, you forfeit everything.
Koko, write down their names, don't just make marks.
You ever eat fifty eggs?
You just said he could eat anything.
Nobody kin eat fifty eggs.
He's the champeen hog-gut of this camp. Hell, I seen him eat ten choc'lat bars and seven cold drinks in fifteen minutes. He kin eat busted bottles and rusty nails, any damn thing. If you'd so kindly oblige as to let me cut off your yankee head, he'd even eat that.
Not a liar. You just have a common -- and likable -- tendency toward exaggeration.
Maybe we oughta call you No-Ears. You don't listen much, do you, boy?
Dragline gives out the names here. You'll get yours when he figures you out.
All the bears gonna be walking today.
Oh no, man! Not on this hot muther.
I know he's got a paira kings. He don't have to stick 'em in my ear.
Man, you play like a kokonut. You got to call him at least.
Cuter.
I gotta believe. Out!  Now they're rollin'.  King-five-four gets an eight.  Pair'a nines with a Jack gets a four. Ninas still up.
Call.
Cuter again.
Ace calls. Here we go.  King-five gets a tray for no help.  Paira ninas gets a Jack.  Ana man with the ace gets... slop in the face... Ninas up.
I'm in.
Cuter.
Ana paira ninas. Koko's the brains.
Gettin' up, Carr.
Man, it's so hot.
Bears gonna be walkin' the road today.
Man! It's gonna be one hot muther today.
Bet! Babalugats, bet here!
No more than five. For a cold drink.
A bunch. Must be halfa dozen Newmeat.
That's all there was. Listen. Open your eyes. Stop beatin' it. And stop feedin' off me. Now get out of the way. Give me some air.
But -- but --
A phoney? Whatta you mean, a phoney?
Picture's a phoney... Cost me a week's pay.
Fat mile'n a half. Hit this red light, highway patrol pulls up alongside.
Well, how far didya get?
Yeah, found one in this supermarket, keys in the ignition.
Kick a buck.
Back a buck.
Damn.
Kick a buck.
That is one mean lady. Bet her husband spends one day a week shooting milkmen.
Man Oh Man.
You phony creep!
You've been having bad luck with masters, haven't you? Your last one left you when the cops came... and now Luke. You should complain to the S.P.C.A.
Big deal paper hanger! Hell, anyone who can write can pass fifty-sixty dollar checks. Like breakin' open a piggy bank.
But you're dog enough. Maybe they'll let you sleep outside the box near your master.
You ain't man enough to wear them!
No. No chains either.
I don't see no sign of guts in you.
Give in? That's our Luke out there.
He doesn't know when to give in. They'll kill him.
What are you talking about?
He'll never make it.
Oh for...
How about you tryin' to make me?
Stop that.
He's gonna lose a finger eating eggs like that.
One, two, three... 
This is a big day for the guards. They get to remind us who's boss.
You think you've been working hard. This muther'll break your back.
You can't expect him to learn everything the first day. Hopefully it's taught him a very valuable lesson.
You can't switch 'round jobs, anyway. I figured he knew that.
Hell, no. I ain't goin' down in the ditch.
Koko, why don't you let one of these Newmeats take your broom for today?
A little homeopathic cure for the willies.
It's good medicine.
Open space.  She hasn't been out of this apartment in three years.  I didn't used to think it was real...
Fear of what...
You threatened to drive her downtown.  She has agoraphobia.
What did I do?
Now look what you did.
Only kidding!
I hate this...
None of your fucking business.
Excuse me, but would you mind explaining why you're watching the lady upstairs?
Hal has it.
Where have you <u>been</u>?  What happened to your wallet?
But </u>alive</u>!
You bastard!
Stop acting like a silly little fag!
It's almost six.  And guess what? Hall likes me bathed and shaved.
You've got a date right <u>here</u>, Andy. This has got to...
Sorry, Luv.  I've got a date.
I know.  Do come and meet your guest.
You're fired.
Look out for her.  She's tougher than you think.
Oh, God, I forget.  Yes.  Yes.  You go.  Poor thing, you ought to get out.
The moon is up, my night to howl. Will you be okay?
Get out!  All of you!
I'm the only friend you've got, darling, and I don't intend to stop doing what I think is good for us.
None of you know anything about it. Now go.  And Andy, if you persist in playing doctor, leave, with them.
Then, why don't you just die.  I'm going.  They'll find your body years later, the old recluse lady, she ate cat food, ten years of the New York Times, unread, piled on top of the unread mail, the TV still on.  Make up your mind.  Live or die.  I'll get coffee.
I can't, Andy.
About what?
When are you going to call them?
You <u>slut</u>!  No sexy young cop for you unless you shampoo your hair.
Reminded me that I used to be attractive.  That men used to want me...
What?  What'd I do?
I wouldn't.  He'll be back.  If you want him.  The cute brutal type with handcuffs.  Very sexy.
I want to die.
No, dear.  You're at your best with a bag in front of your face.
Oh, God.  I must have looked horrible.
Okay.  You win.  'Dirty Harry' coming up.
But earlier, he was staring up here.  <u>Please</u>, Andy.
Oh my God!  Help!  HE'S READING A NEWSPAPER!
You parked right behind him.  The one I noticed earlier.  I didn't say anything, I thought he'd leave. Just take a look.
Andy?
Cellulite.  What do you say I blindfold you and take you to the gym.  Aerobics with housewives...
Monsieur Andy can <u>smell</u> your coiffure.  And guess what else?
Monsieur Andy, disapproves of my coiffure?
When was the last time you washed your hair?
Oh God.  I'm really crazy.
Andy?  When a three-year-old says there's a monster under the bed, you don't say 'forget it'.  You look under the bad.  I'm three years old.  Call the prison.
He can't phone you unless the warden gets an okay from you.  Did you give him an approval?
He whispered, but it was <u>him</u>!  I know it was him!
A little heavy breathing is what most of us yearn for.  <u>Forget</u> it.
I had the dream again.  And I got another call.  This time he spoke.  He said "You and me, you and me."
Are you kidding?  You buy enough gourmet junk every week... most of which <u>rots</u>... to garage a fleet of stretch limos.
I've told you:  I can't afford to garage it.
Well!  Aren't we the daring one? What's morbid and ghastly enough in the news to make Doctor Helen set foot outside her door?  The antenna is gone off her car again.  I had no music, all the way to the market.  Let me find a garage for it?
I got it myself... I couldn't wait.
Would you please get your hands off my face, Tallulah?  What happened to the newspaper?
Where were you?  Don't tell me. It's just under seventy, right?  The sun is strong but the air is dry and fresh...
Gaahhd!  What a <u>cop</u>!  You busted me!  The new one, in the Marina.  She has a police radio scanner. It's always on.  She turns it off, and then she has to turn it on again.  She's obsessed.  She can't not listen to it, but she can't listen to it, so she makes me listen to it.
Tell her about <u>what</u>?
She just got to sleep.  Do you have to tell her about it now?
Hey, no.  Leave those here.  If you really want her help.  I mean if you really do, leave them.  Let her see them.  I'll see they're safe...
Tell her we're sorry we bothered her.
Oh, God, uniforms, more stress. Let her sleep.  It's a self-limiting: she hyperventilates till she passes out, then her breathing goes back to normal, and she wakes up singing like a lark.  We know, don't we, Princess?  Give her a couple of hours.  I know about this.
We'll get the paramedics...
You talked to me.  Do you remember?
Are you staying long?  Shall I shut the door?  Make your coffee?  Make the beds?
I'm okay.  I really kind of enjoyed it.
Investigators Halloran and Goetz.  I apologize for Goetz, he's a firehouse dog.
Yes.  I believed him.
And you believed him when he told you he had done that.
When he was seventeen.
When was that?
He told me he had done two others just like it.
What first two murders.  We don't know about them here, do we?
The first two murders.
The same as the first time...
What pattern was that?
He took pains to hide his actions because he knew they were morally wrong.  He was not acting on mad impulse.  He was sane and acting out a pattern he carefully followed every time.
Because people who are suffering from aural hallucinations hear voices in both ears.  Daryll Lee told me that Joan of Arc always appeared beside him on his left side and spoke softly in his left ear.
You said, first, he was lying.  How do you know that, Doctor?
I thought he was lying.
'Lying.  He was lying.'  I asked you what you thought, not what he did.
He was lying.
Only part.  What else?  What did you think of his claim that he tied this girl to the tree and set fire to her because Joan of Arc told him to do it.
The test criteria are only part of what we look at in evaluating subjects.
Without question?  He only scored 40 percent, four out of ten criteria?  Couldn't another expert say he <u>flunked</u> the sexual sadist test?  What curve are you marking on, Doctor?
Yes.  Without question.
What day is this?  In jail you lose track.  This week.  Friday.
What Friday?
No, that's still in my jacket I was wearing.  We were supposed to meet on the docks, that number 47 wharf, 10 o'clock Friday.  He's gonna hand me 500 bucks.
You already made the delivery?
Wait... wait... I already called him, I threw it away.
I don't have it...
You were going to make a delivery to Peter Kurten for Daryll Lee Cullum.  I want Kurten's phone number.
Tell me what you want me to say. Anything.
Doesn't work that way.  You had your chance, now fuck yourself...
You get me out first.
You don't listen very good.  This break in -- I can call it a felony -- three strikes, and you got about sixteen strikes already, and you're in jail for the rest of your life, no parole.  Or I could see it gets forgotten.
I never carried a gun!
Shut up -- I'm talking.  You got felony breaking and entering, burglary, felonious...
I never hurt nobody...
Cut the crap.  You got a sheet the length of my arm...
I was?  How you spell that?
Inspector Halloran.  Homicide. You were supposed to contact a Peter Kurten?
Who are you?
She don't want it.
She's supposed to have it.
We know...  Send the book to evidence...
The door was already open...
He told you she was loaded, any- thing you could steal you could keep, Conrad?  You bought yourself a return ticket to Quentin, breaking and entering.
Daryll Lee Cullum, he wrote that book, he wanted the lady to have it.  They won't let him send it to her, so I'm getting out, he asks me to deliver it in person, he says, put it on her pillow.  It has all about how he tried to kill her.
I'm trying to tell you.  It's on the lady's pillow...
Where is it?
The door was open, swear to God, I'm just looking for her when you come charging up the stairs...
You break into her apartment to deliver a gift?  Where is it?
I brought a present for the lady, there.  I'm looking for her, to give her the present...
Then you get your ass outta here, I don't wanta see you again...
That Klutz.  They send him back here, I'll kick his ass good.
In jail.
Conrad has the phone number. Conrad, where is he?
How was Conrad supposed to find Kurten?
Damn!  I gave that to Conrad, too! That guy!  I told Conrad deliver to Kurten and keep the 500 bucks in return for getting my book to you.
Where did you send the message to Peter Kurten?
You come and visit.
I think whatever is best for you, Daryll.  And maybe you're right, that's the place.
Listen, you want my advice?  Steer clear.  He's writing me he's gonna finish 'my unfinished symphony.' He's gonna give me $550 for some of my cum, he says he's in a position to see that I will be immortal if he has some of my spunk.  I'm offended.  Right away I smell <u>freak</u>.  Writin' about him and me and <u>you</u> bein' joined and he's gonna finish my <u>symphony</u>?  I didn't care for his drift.  I sent some liquid soap in a sandwich baggie with a message from Jesus to mend his ways.  You hear I found Jesus?  And what's funny is, now I don't mind bein' inside.  If I was out, even Born Again, I'd probably get restless again.  It's maybe better I stay here, what do you think?
I don't know.  I'd like to know where he is.
Something personal.  Is he bothering you?
Ah ha.  What did he want?
Kurten!  Is he bothering you?  I told that son I'd send him what he wanted if he leave you alone.
I will.  I'll call you, Daryll, and talk to you about it after I've read it.  Right now I have a question... Peter Kurten.
Bet you never figured I'd follow in your footsteps.  It's real well- written.  You should read it -- you're in it.
I'll look for it, Daryll Lee.
I sent it by private courier, he didn't give it to you?  That son of a gun...!
What book?
You read my book which as you know, hit the stands a couple of weeks ago.  You read it yet.
Hello, Daryll Lee.
Back in the driver's seat again, Doctor?  That old dream -- study us to see what makes us sick.  So you can find a cure -- they'd name it after you?  Death is the only cure for people like me.
Do anything you want to me.  I give myself to you.  Only put the knife down.  Isn't this what you always wanted?  I know it's what we all want, to love and to loved.  I could love you.  You could work together in some safe place, learn to really understand you, help you, give you some peace of mind, some happiness...
Oh, please.  I know what's coming, now.  "Let me help you..."
I don't have the talent for any of those things.  All I have a talent for is death.  And I am one of a kind.  What do you think of your student now?  I have made you famous, I am your creation and your monument.
That's not who I admire -- I admire people who are good at what they do, great artists, writers, thinkers...
Why did you do that?  Didn't you have any idea how hard it was for me, to get that far?  I worshipped you.  You inspired me.  I thought you could understand me the way you understood the others.  I knew that about you -- the ones you admired were the great murderers; they fascinated you.
I have no life anymore.  I ruined your life, make me pay for it.
We'll keep talking.  Until they get here.  Then... 
Don't talk to me about courage.  I know death, what it's like to kill. You're not a killer -- you watched Daryll Lee kill that cop and you didn't make a peep, because you were paralyzed with fear.  You chocked.  I know something <u>else</u> about you.
Do it.  If that's what all this carnage is about, then do it.  Have enough guts to do it.
No.  Not yet.
Kill me, Peter, do it, now.
Where it began -- McCluskey Auditorium.
You know where.
Yes.  I do.  I want it to end now. Let her go.  I'll come -- just let her go.  She's not important.
I don't care -- she's a cop.  That's the important thing.  Cop-ness, not sex-ness.  It won't be perfect, but it'll be good.
You've been perfect.  Don't spoil the symmetry -- you have to have a male cop.
I need her; she's a cop.  I have to kill a cop, and then...
For God's sake Peter, leave her out of it.  You don't want her, you want me.
Oh, I think you will.
You know I can't do that.
Mm-hmm.  I can't get to you.  You have to come to me.
It's Daryll Lee Cullum, isn't it?
What was that?  What am I hearing? The sound of an epiphany, a sudden blinding insight?
<u>You</u> thought I was going to do Ted Bundy next, so you sent your partner...
Where are you, Peter?
You like that action?  Didn't that cop on TV look <u>solemn</u>?  The guy in the basement doesn't matter, anyway, just another lonely heart.
Who was the man in the basement?
Hi.  It's your worst student, Peter Foley -- how do you grade me now, Doctor?
Well, thanks.
Why can't I drive home?  I will. You.  Look at you.  <u>You</u> need a ride home.  And you don't even know it.
Oh, shut up, and don't be so damn self righteous.
If there's a one percent possibil- ity, can you live with yourself when he kills again?
This has been the worst 48 hours of my life.  I'm going home.  I'm going to try to get drunk.
He hasn't done Bundy.  He's done every one of the others, hasn't he? If there are three dead Chi Omega college girls tomorrow, how will you feel?  Go there.  See if there could be any way for him to escape.
Helen -- let go.  You've got to let go.
They never kill themselves.  How do you know it was him.  You never met him.  You never even saw a photograph...
Helen.  I saw him die.  I saw him burning on the basement stairs, he never reached the top.
Christ, Helen.  The first time, we're ahead of the son of a bitch! I can't leave you like this -- and there's no time.  Knock yourself out.
W-We had a fight.  I called him... called him a name...
How many do you need to sleep. Really sheep?
I've got to go.  I've <u>got</u> to go.
I am not going to talk about it. How do you <u>know</u> it was Andy if the head was gone?  Where is the head? Are you looking for it?  Oh, God, why him?  Because of me.  I can't talk about it.  I write about things like this, stuff it all in books and bury it in libraries. This is the first person close to me who's ever died.  And it's because of me.  This monster killed him because I loved him.
Out.  Where does he go?  Nowhere. What does he do?  Nothing.
I'm working on it!  It's what I do.  Quinn...Halloran.  I'll wait.  Where's Andy, can we get some coffee in here?
Maybe you should...
Bundy.  That's the last one in your speech...
Yes.  Dahmer!  And after that...
Look.  There's the order:  you wrote it:  DeSalvo, Bianchi & Buono, Berkowitz and Dahmer.  It's going to be Dahmer next.  Which means he'll kill a man.
The University computer is down for maintenance, but I've been going through my own notes...
What does it matter?  This guy, you checked your course records, who signed up?
Who's the married man?
Where's the john?  Let me clean up this mess, and get back to work.
You're exhausted.  Let me get you a brandy.
A man?  I thought he was a boy.  This last Christmas was the happiest Christmas I had in the last ten years... you know why?  It was the first Christmas in six years I was not in love.  Son of a bitch <u>married men</u>!  Who cares about marriage, the bed just gets crowded and noisy?!
He felt sorry for me.  It was so nice to flirt.  He was a darling man.
I just thought it was so -- unprofessional.  Of you both!
Ruben's dead.   So stupid, a cop thing, a crazy kid and a buncha dumb mistakes... I'm sorry... because you and he...
What happened to you?!
You do that one, I don't want it...
They're not talking to me.  Saks looks right through me.  I ask him for some bodies, for the phones -- he's so encouraging: "you make that <u>your</u> little job."  Condescending bastard.  Helen, on your lists to call is San Quentin.  Daryll Lee Cullum?
Let's speed up the game plan... call all the living serials to ask if they've had contact with a Peter Kurten.  We could use some help on the phones...
They get fan letters...
'...great dark hall of fame... all our greatest killers...'  His greatest <u>heroes</u>?  He wants to be famous.  When they're caught and people like me write about them, we give them a kind of immortality. They get thousands of letters. Ramirez kills eight women and gets a hundred marriage proposals a month.  They're like film stars.
It's not chronological: Son of Sam was before Hillside.
It's also the major piece of evidence, and it makes you a key part of his plan.  You can't run away from it anymore.  Look at the order he's doing them... He did three as the Boston Strangler just to tell us a copycat serial killer was at work.  Then he did one like the Hillside Strang- ler.  And then one as Son of Sam. To lead us on -- to where and what end?  And he's doing more than that -- he's imitating each killer's method as closely as he can -- in details.  Injecting Windex.  Using .44.  Playing Abba.
They weren't going to show it to me?!  The arrogance!  It's my <u>life</u>!
I put my ass on the line, giving you that.
What I can't believe is that in an earlier life I slept with him! Christ!  Any God that loved his people would give women a rewind on their life and an erase button.  Just give me a minute here.  The letter is addressed to me...  You don't feel fear, do you? You're young.  You feel like you'll live forever.  How wonderful.
He said to send you his regards and to tell you that the Bureau holds you in the highest esteem.
They put  Merry <u>Saks</u> on it?!
Look in the crowd.  He liked to hang around and watch the cops at work...
Ruben's gone to look... It's banged up but it looks like a .44.  It's Son of Sam.  Is it Son of Sam?
One of those goddamned car alarms. What's going...
What's that siren?
What's that music.  It's Abba.  I can hear it.  It's Abba.
Helen, hang up, let Ruben get on with his work...
Because I'm all you've got.
Why should I trust you?
I did not; the Mouth -- that's what we call Susan Schiffer -- got it on her own.
You betrayed me!  Now every psychopath in the city knows I'm back in business... You lied to me!
Halloran.
I'm giving you Clint outside.
This one, yes.  I was always curious about these twisted little souls, but this is the first one I've felt personally terrified of. He's something new and unheard of. I don't know what he wants.
You're afraid of him.
Who's going to catch him?  You?  And if you do, there'll be another one.  And one after that.
He'll get caught.  If he has a plan that'll be what trips him up...
Ah, if you knew that, you'd be half way to nailing him.  Serial killing is irrational and rigid and compulsive.  This guy has a plan all thought out, flexible and complex.  He's playing a game with us.  Who will he imitate next? Maybe he's doing all the serial killers in history, the great innovators, the murderers' hall of fame.  Just to prove he's better than all of them.  They got caught; he didn't.
Injected Windex!  Why would he switch to a new m.o.?
It's what Bianchi and Buono injected into one of their victims.
I know Windex, for God's sake, I clean my own windows...
Consistency is the hobgoblin of <u>little</u> minds.  Tell them to test for the chemicals found in Windex. That's a product for cleaning with...
That's not consistent... You said they never changed their style, they're robots...
That's exactly... I could have taken that same picture, this morning.
Is that it?
So far nothing they test for comes up positive.
There were needle marks.  But no drugs in her blood.
Please thank Inspector Goetz for taking care of me last night.
Hello, Ruben...  So that's that...
Ruben.
Clint is putting a guard on you. But if you swear to leave the computer on, Winona will assign him to the hall outside.
That little Winona Ryder manner... you're more convincing as Clint Eastwood.
Helen -- the killer directly contacted you.  His interest in you is <u>intense</u>.  I'm worried about you. I don't want to lose you.  I know this stirs up every monster under the bed, but this is the only direct contact we have with him. The only chance we have to trap him.  So, you can turn Internet back on, or I do, and we put somebody here on a 24 hour shift and you can kick, scream and hyperventilate.
Have you got a warrant?  Get the hell out o here!  This is the <u>only space I have left in the</u> <u>world</u>!  Why can't you leave me out of it?
He comes in the window, we maybe grab him.  Where's the on-switch?
I turned it off.  It's like an open window he can climb right in...
Who turned off the Internet computer...
You're saying it's the same man, but he's changed his style?  That doesn't happen.  These men are robotic; the murder is like a ritual.  The method itself is part of the pleasure...
She was killed somewhere else and dumped outdoors in an empty lot. Where it says "no dumping."  Her legs pulled apart in a kind of sexual pose.   It's all different but it seems so -- the same. Artificial and <u>posed</u>... Something's wrong with it.
Then what do you need me for?
But it's a different m.o.
That's no surprise.
We've got another one.
I want a guard on you.  I'm worried about leaving you alone.
He's going home.  He slept over because I was a little anxious...
That's amazing.  A whole new book, thought up in a minute.  Very good.  All I know how t do is get up, take a shower, and go to work. Hope, if he does another I'll nail the son of bitch, and they'll spell my name right in the newspaper. Where is Andy going?
Because I'm his damned pin-up girl! His, all of them!  They know me. They're in prisons with libraries, they collect clippings, I'm their worthy opponent.  You keep my name out of this.
Nobody knows you have anything to do with this case; nothing has been on TV or the news... Why would he want to get in <u>your</u> computer?
It's <u>anybody</u> connected to author- ity.  They write, they even knock on your door.  They're <u>fans</u>.  It thrills them to flirt with getting caught.
Look at the sign.  'Hell'?  In the Festival of Love?  You make any sense in that?
She probably let him in the door without a thought.  Where are their mothers?!  Where are the mothers that are supposed to teach them to be wary and to tough and not afraid to fight?
I just came from her... here's what you haven't seen.
Maybe that's why you can't catch him.  I <u>know</u> what she looks like -- the red-headed woman in my computer.
I don't look at pictures.  I look at the <u>real thing</u>.  I don't feel infected.
I am not going to look at any more pictures.  They're like a disease. They get into my head.  I can't get them out.
Show what?  It's gone.  He wrote a self destruct virus into the code, so it would only play until we try to copy it.  Then it erased itself. Gone...  Do you remember what you saw?
We'll show that to...
<u>He</u> won't.
One officer already got killed trying to protect me.  Please, just take it all away.  Leave me alone.
I'm going to put a guard on your door.
It's too big a file to copy to a disk.
Can you make a copy we can show on our computers?
Look at the bottom of the screen. You see the icon with the arrow pointing left?  Click on that... twice.
How do you know that?
Work with me.
If you knew why, you might know where to look for him. I don't envy you this; he's not done -- he's going to do them faster and faster to keep the adrenaline rush.  Now, I've done what you asked me.
Why imitate a dead serial killer?
I sent Andy out on murder missions. For God's sake -- it's the Boston Strangler, Alber deSalvo.  He used their own stockings to strangle them.  Tied in a bow-knot.
How did you know they were stockings?
Where are the stockings he strangled them with?
Nothing.
The bodies have been carefully arranged... different positions, but somehow the same.  The positions are brutal... yet quite... artful.  It's like... a signature.  He's proud of his accomplishments.  There are early Picassos and late Picassos, but you always recognize the hand.  He wants us to recognize <u>his</u> hand. I've seen this hand before... what are you hiding?
He felt remorse.  He covered her.
How do you know that?
It was a lover or a husband. Someone close.  Somebody who knew her and cared about her.
For months... last October.
Is it an ongoing case?
You can't go out lecturing?  Tough shit.  Women are dying.  Where can I lay this stuff out?
Will you go.  Andy, make them go.
Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here.  I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts.  I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good.
Inspector Halloran, that is so much bullshit, you don't like or admire me, but the beautiful part is I don't give a fuck.  That's the upside of having a breakdown.
I think you are.  I really admire everything you've done; it would be an honor to work with you, and we need all the help we can get, especially yours.
Oh, my God, no!  I'm a clinical hysteric, with panic syndrome, and anxiety neurosis, agoraphobic, I'm afraid of everything, real and imaginary.  I never leave this apartment now.  Nobody ever comes here.  I just wanted to get your attention.  I write and I used to lecture on these crimes, but... I'm not competent.
Would you want to work with us on this?
Well, let's thank God you and Inspector Goetz are on the case, then.
Sugar and cream for Goetz; I take mine black.  You're absolutely correct.  The politicians don't want panic headlines spoiling the Festival of Love.
Yes, I did.  Poor impulse control. The accounts of the firs two murders made it so clear they were the work of the same man, but you kept announcing they were unrelated.  You'll never catch him that way.
<u>You</u> called <u>us</u>, Doctor Hudson.
You don't admire me.  No police admire me.  I got one of you killed.  Why don't you say right out what you're here for?
I want to tell you it's a great honor to meet you and talk to you.
What calls?  I haven't made any calls.
Because of your phone calls.
If he's not out, why are they here?
Who?
Is he out?
Ring the gong, he goes.  Poor impulse control.
That's an opinion, not evidence...
I think this is number three...
Do you have any evidence to report, ma'am?  Do you know any of the victims...
You're calling me a crank?
No, ma'am.  This is no joke.  And neither is tying up telephone lines to police with crank calls while people in trouble are trying to get through for help.
Inspector Halloran, Homicide.  I'm in charge here.
Who is this?
What else?
You take it, hang on to it, it'll make you feel safer.  Stay put.
They taught me at the FBI.  I was very good at it.  It scared me... I liked it.
You know how to use this?
I know, baby.  I know.
He was in my apartment!
Why don't you shoot off the lock?
Open the door.  Please.
Go and look for a note.
They all have one...
Is there a phone booth there?
Yes.
Listen to me.  Is there a gas station nearby?
<u>What</u>?...
Don't hang up!
She on the passenger side?
Yes.  I have to go...
It's a woman shot in a car?
Will you stay?  Please?  I'm afraid to sleep... I don't want...<u>him</u>...in my head...
I'll get a locksmith.
The lock...
Shhh.  It's okay.  Just breathe. I'll fix it...
Don't let go... I can't breathe... I'll die!
I'm falling!  I'm going to fall!
Tell me what to do!
Well.  Another time, then.  I'll be all right.  He's not going to attack me; what I' m rally afraid of is all in my own head, Ruben.
The problem for me is... you're in the witness category.  Know what I mean?
No.  I'm shy and I'm selective.
Are you always so bold?
Not yet.
You and MaryJane aren't lovers.
That would be much appreciated. Thanks.
We're through for the night, aren't we?  You go on.  Get some sleep. I'll stay until we can get a man out here and maybe catch a cab home.
MaryJane.  You think that logic and police procedure, order and science and method will hold back the horrors of a world gone mad and the sickness of the night.  I did once. But you know how he'll get caught? He'll have an accident, or some cop will get lucky.  You can't catch him by being intelligent and working hard.  Or the worst:  there are dozens of women slaughtered in the most horrible way, month after month.  The news stories grow more grotesque and bizarre and in the city people lock their doors and windows, and hurry home before dark.  And then, one day, there are no more.  What happened?  Did he just stop?  Get tired and disgusted and decide not to kill any more? Did he kill himself?  Did he die in an auto accident?  Or a fight.  Or get sick and die?  It's like the murderer walked off the edge of the earth.  And you never know.  But you keep asking yourself -- when you read about a new murder -- is he back?
MaryJane.  We call her M.J.
I know 'Halloran.'  What's the rest of it?
He's brilliant.  This one is brilliant.
I just started it copying to tape, but the tape never ran.  It just did that...
It's gone.  The file's not here.  What did you do?
Let me get a little action started here.
It's a game they like to play. Berkowitz -- "Son of Sam" -- hung around the crime scene, talking to the cops.  This one's probably watching <u>you</u>, laughing at you.
He can get into my computer any time he likes!  This is exactly the kind of thing I didn't want to have happen.
He's hacked into her Internet address.  He's a hacker.
That computer's wired into INTERNET.
In the sixties.  He's dead -- stabbed to death in prison.
The Boston Strangler, when was that...?
Somebody is imitating his m.o. Look for a plumber or carpenter or handyman; that's how deSalvo got in the door and caught them off guard.
You called us, Doctor, if you don't want to look at them here, how about downtown.  I'll drive you down...
I don't want this.  What are they?
Daryll Lee Cullum?  I don't think so.  If he's escaped we'd have the National Guard, cops'd be crawling through sewers.  You'd have a guard on your front door.
You were the one that talked about moonbikes and called me a crank? Oh God, I <u>am</u>!  Make them some coffee.  Halloran, is it?  Investigator Goetz?  I had a crank call myself-- he said...  I thought it might be Daryll Lee Cullum.  I thought he might be out of prison.
He wants me, he doesn't care about her.  Let me...
You've been very useful, Doctor, we appreciate all you've done, and now the professional will take over...
He's got Sergeant Halloran in there.  He'll kill her the minute he sees or hears your people...
Just get out of your vehicle...
Merry, how... oh, Christ, of course, you had my phone tapped.
Ma'am, please get out of your vehicle...
We've put a tap on Dr. Hudson's phone.  I know you won't mention it.
Okay.
She is a writer, writing best selling books about serial killing. Giving lectures she's well-paid for.  Her interests are not the interests of law enforcement.
How come you're so up on Dr. Hudson?
Who prescribes the brandy?
She takes tranquilizers her doctor prescribes.
We know Helen.  She's not exactly a credible collaborator.  Especially late in the day...
Sir, Doctor Hudson and I see a pattern develop...
I was just about to advise the Inspector here not to show Dr. Hudson the note.
Someone broke into her place last night.  It wasn't connected to our case, but it shook her up pretty bad so I haven't...
We don't see too many lady homicide detectives.  You have <u>my</u> respect. Have you discussed the note with Dr. Hudson?
Over here.
Hello.  I am  Meryhew Saks.  The song is called "Murder By Numbers."  The performers are a group called The Police.  Adam here... ... from Behavioral Science is working out exactly what this perpetrator is trying to telegraph in the note.  This is an extremely complex case, and we have a lot of fancy theories floating around. We're not ruling out the possib- ility of three Copycat serial killers.  We have Quantico working on graphology, the Washington lap is cloning DNA from the secretor. It's our feeling that the best lead we have is the two sperm samples in one of the victims.  We have a team sweeping sperm banks.  Now I want to say a few word to you local people.  Your Commissioner asked for our assistance.  The Bureau does not send us in on these cases to lord it over the local police. We couldn't catch up on what you people know if we had a year.  We have nation-wide resources and hard state of the art forensic science; you have the local savvy.  Together we can be unbeatable.  Which one is Inspector Halloran?
Lieutenant  Quinn.
Who came in after you?
Well, there's something missing in there.  There was something around her neck when I came in there, but it's gone now.
Whatever it is, I'm gonna find out and sooner is a hell of lot better than later.
No.  I didn't.
You touch anything, Mike?  Pick up anything?  Use the doorknob?  I don't want to find your prints on anything later and you tell me you forgot to tell me.
Michael Johnson.
I'm over here?  What's your name, Officer?
I was.
Don't ever forget how good you are.
Just horseshit luck.
I heard. Good police work.
Who gives a fuck?  In all the years I never seen you cry.  You loved him.
You're in terrible trouble, Nikko.
Christ.  I didn't lock the fucking drawer!  You spend twenty years thinking some perp's gonna whack you... you'll crash your car... but what happens is, you fuck yourself...  You can't imagine how many times I saw you two... your head together, I wish him dead.  Every time... Want to hear something weird?  I feel like I'd give my life to bring him back.
Quinn will be here any minute.  What are you going to say?
Doped up kids all over town.  Park was full of them last night.  Very easy pickin'.  Goetz's type.
If this is just the dump site, where did he do the job?  Where did he pick her up?
God, you're cute when you're mad.
Yeah, you did that too.  You earned what you got; don't shit on it, that's all I'm saying.
Don't put yourself down like that. I <u>never</u> used you.  I worked my way up like a marine grunt!
Yeah.  And you used that. Used <u>me</u>
Well, you outranked <u>me</u>, Nikko.
You're shitting ion your career.  You outrank hi...
You got that right, Nikko, it's none of your business.
It's none of my business anymore...
Oh, I know.
Working late.  You're a damn fool.
Maybe it's something you did in this life, Nikko...
Not what I meant; why <u>me</u>?
Because it's your job, that's all.
What am I wasting my time with this shit for?
I gotta get something to eat, I haven't eaten all day.
I'll talk to Conrad myself.  I'll be in the jail when you wind this up...
Talk to Nikko...!
Don't try to lie, Ruben.  You don't have the face for it.  I need you to help interrogate the burglar in Hudson's place...
The woman was in shock.  She was totally out on ranks.  I stayed because I didn't want her to wake up alone in a place where she'd just been under attack.  Stop that, you son of a bitch!  The place wasn't secure.  I was doing my goddamn job!  And, for the <u>second time</u>, I slept in her living room.
Helen... excuse me, we...
She wants me to check the phone booth for a note.
Bunch of Swedish women.  You're too young.
What's Abba?
The woman's unstable.  You could wind up with a harassment charge. <u>Anything</u>.  You're like some horny little teenager.
It's against your rules that I try to help a witness who's scared shitless?  Who's...
You damn well better start working on that impulse control.  A woman who is implicated in this case? Someone who's practically a piece of <u>evidence</u>?
Excuse me?  <u>Excuse me</u>?!  What do you...
Now listen up, Ruben.  You never, never, never mess with somebody <u>inside</u> the case!
Look at him, grandstanding...
Get the pictures, and casts of footprints.
Yeah, everything's different.
You're right.  I can't stand that bastard.  Sorry.  This is something new.  Not the same guy, that's for sure.
Ruben, my God, I ought to put you on report.
Spread out like she was sexually assaulted here.
Look at her legs.
She's blue as hell.  No marks on her neck.  Asphyxiated?  not the same -- no ligature marks.  Outdoors...
Needle marks, fresh, here.  look at this...
What about her arms?
She didn't fight back, no hair or skin under her fingernails.  I'm not seeing any bruises or contusions...
Quinn decided we should form a task force -- they're all one case, now. He wants all the senior detectives on it...  She wasn't killed here.
Is Niccoletti <u>assigned</u> here?
My promise.
Absolutely.
Why would he send this to Helen Hudson...
You got a tape backup, yeah, here lemme copy it on tape...
Let's get out of here...
You said you don't give a fuck and that's the beauty of a breakdown? This doesn't look like not giving a fuck, you know that?
Tell it to your shrink.
I like women like that!
Honest to God, Ruben!
Nada.  Lemme make the call.
He's just mad he let me keep the espresso machine.  We heard from Doctor Hudson?
What's wrong with him?
Order Chinese for us and meet me the library?  Anything but beef.
You came in there with this attitude...
Sure.  She likes <u>you</u>, Rube.  She likes the way you move.  She sure as hell isn't in love with me.
Classy madonna.
Snotty neurotic bitch...
It's mostly done, they got nobody in common, the three of them... No mutual friends -- the Landlady says nobody was ever there, she never saw her with anybody.
Get Mercer to run the medical, dental, legal bills, laundry and dry cleaning receipts, extermin- ators, mailmen, grocery and drugstore deliveries, handymen, plumbers...
You know, M.J., when I watch you shoot, I realize I've got a little problem with my stance... could you just move over here and critique my legs?
You're good enough you'll never have to kill anyone.  I joined the cops to save lives, not waste them.
I'm sure she thinks it is.  Aren't you at least interested in which one it is?
Answer it.
Yeah, but she had divine guidance.
My third grade teacher at the convent shot better than that.
No, she can come in tomorrow... gonna want to know a lot of things...
She's in no shape to give her statement tonight...
"Spokes<u>person</u>."
That was Bundy.  He killed forty of them, identical, long hair, parted in the middle, alike as Barbie dolls.  ...this is hopeless.  Let's try to get time for a police spokesman to appear on college radio and TV hookups and broadcast a warning?
So I'm maybe gonna lose three good cops?  You fucked up on this occasion, but don't be so hard on yourself.  There's something I want you to think about.  The book says if you use your gun, use it to kill, that's what it's meant to do. You tried to pick this punk off with fancy shooting, to keep him alive.  To what end?  You're not willing to kill, you can't be a cop.  Go get drunk.  I am.
You want mine, too?  You take his, you take mine.  I'm the one fucked it up...
Nikko?
Give me Ruben back...
Saks.  If he knew you did that! They're all asking me, 'what is she doing,' as it is.
Or the F.B.I.?
You have no authority to make a deal like that.  That' s for the D.A...
I'm gonna drop charges on the break-and-enter at Hudson's...
How'd you get in on the deal?
You got a suspect...
The prowler in Hudson's apartment turns out to have a meeting with a suspect...
I gotta have Ruben, and a...
I didn't want the Illigals, I wanted just the bastards dumping them in the harbor.  What's keeping those bums at Immigration?  Nightmare in here...
Give him <u>that</u>pompous son of a bitch.
Just, I need results.  And -- I am short-handed.  Who else am I gonna give him?
If this is a first step in kicking me off the case, just tell me, to my face, sir, don't waste time being diplomatic.
Teach both of them a lesson in cooperation and self-discipline.
What does this mean?  Now we got the FBI, my team is expendable? I'm working my ass off, is anybody listening?  Why Ruben, anyway?  He and Nikko don't even get on together...
M.J., I'm going to have to borrow Ruben.  The alien-smuggling thing in Chinatown is going down tomorrow night and Jack's kid got hit by a car.  I gotta give Ruben to Nikko.
Because I think I'm wrong.
What the hell you need her for?
Helen Hudson...
Where you going?
I'm sorry it had to come to your attention.  I am dealing with it.
Okay, now what about your sidekick punching my favorite detective? What the hell is going on?  You got no discipline in your operation.
You're damn right I do.
Christ.  How old are you?  You sure you want to be in this line of work?
It's not the same guy.  It should be a self-solver.  No bow around the neck, left and body outdoors, completely different.  The others were housewives, secretaries, he talked his way inside, killed them in their own living room or bed- or bathroom.  This one didn't have a husband or a boyfriend, no family, temp waitress, 3 arrests for misdemeanor dope offenses, DUI, asphyxiation probably from a plastic bag over her head.  Sexually assaulted.  The others weren't molested that way.  We're waiting for the sperm tests...
So what have we got?
With the F.B.I. there's no such thing as a little help.  They bury you with help.  Explain to me about this virus, no don't tell me about the virus.  Thing is, you saw it, the pictures.
We could use a little help.
What?  I talk like a cop, this is the way I talk.  I can't believe this guy.  Saks.  He's a Deputy Assistant Director of the F.B.I. "Let me help you!"
Oh, maaaaan?!
Or for some new nutcase to copycat the copycat.
So.  Do we tell the media and hope for somebody to come forward with information?
I know.  Get out here.
I'm checking out anybody who lives like DeSalvo.  Records of arrests for rape, especially by a man wearing green.  Checking out psychiatric hospitals for his personality profile.  Cross check- ing names from arrests for sexual offenses, public fondling.  If they've got a German wife.  We can keep cops working on this kind of junk for years, and this guy's going to hit again, soon.
Who've I got to beat up except the messenger?  Does this give us anything to go on?
Don't swear at me because we got problems.  I'm just giving you the news.  I went to a Catholic school; I'll tell you what they teach.  On the knuckles they teach.
Yessir.  I have reflected on that, sir.  Which explains my gushing deference to you, sir.
You ever reflect how this big explosion in dead women coincides with the flowering of women's lib?
Yessir.
Sergeant?
That's always your privilege, sir.
How about I put Nikko on it?
Anybody in this department ever worked a serial killer case?  She's the expert.  I need help.
I'm <U>telling</u> you.  Don't you <u>ever</u> address me publicly in that tone. You'll work what and <u>who</u> I tell you to work.
Would you step outside, Sergeant?
What clues?  I'm going to work Helen Hudson.
What are you looking at that for? Helen Hudson.  Work the clues.
The same as the firs two. Definitely a serial.
There was no sperm.
Good.
We're gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippies blissing on the Grateful Dead!  Sleeping in the park, smoking dope and sticking tulips up their ass.
Right.
This is the anniversary of the summer of love and your city fathers have declared a Festival of Love.  The Mayor and Chamber of Commerce don't want TV announcing killers on the loose.
Right.
You didn't say serial killer and I didn't say serial killer.
I said you were...
Am I in charge of this thing?  Or not.
I tagged the goddamned stocking. It ain't lost.  We're sequestering that evidence.  That's the trap some son of a bitch is going to fall into...
Shut up.
You messed with the scene.
We're going to review all the evidence carefully before making any statement...
Inspector, will you confirm somebody is copying the Boston Strangler?  This is the fourth, is that correct?
What's this about the Boston Strangler, M.J.?
Detective Niccoletti?
You messed with the evidence.
... third Bay Area woman has been strangled, but the police continue to deny that this is the work of one killer.  Lt. Thomas Quinn declares that the murders will be treated as unrelated crimes, unless new evidence...
I just got here.  Talk to you later...
...confirm this third murder adds up to a pattern?  Do we have a serial killer on the loose in the city?
I just got here myself, Susan.
What's going down with the sting in Chinatown?  That gonna be off your plate in a week or what?
I don't want the job.  Don't do that to her.  She's worked too damned hard for it.
Then you shoulda known she wasn't buying.  She was just long-term leasing' you.  Ah, Nickie.  Except for that rare twenty-second twitch, there ain't nothin' about sex I don't hate. But of course, I'm Irish.  Plus I got <u>real</u> problems.  I'm worried I might have to put you in over M.J.  There's something going on here, the Commissioner is targeting her now, I can't leave a woman in that position.  But the thing is, how can I move <u>you</u> in, if you go on acting like a teenage asshole?
She knows I'm Catholic!  She never mentioned divorce!  Not once!
Don't give me six years!  You never divorced Patty, did you?  So what'd you expect from M.J.?
We were together six years, sir!
She left you, Nikko.  She's not your responsibility.  She takes very good care of herself.  If she wants to romance the kid, it ain't your business.  Your business is to snap out of it.
He's not treating her right...
That's what I don't know.  Why would you lie?  That's the problem... I can't understand why anyone would lie.
She lies all the time.  Why would I say I fed her if I didn't?
She doesn't lie!  You sure you fed her?
Yes, I fed her.  If she says she's hungry, she's lying to you.  Again.
See, now you've annoyed her.  You know she doesn't like you to touch me.  Does she, widdle wee fing!  Wuhve you so much!  Did you feed her?
You know I don't like to watch talk shows by myself.  Where're you?
Why don't we save it for later? It's almost time for Letterman.
Put in the Kevin Costner.
James.
I think he'll be waiting for us at the airport
Not yet. It's only beginning.
I'd like to go back. James...
The traffic... where is everyone? They've all gone away.
One of my suitors.
One of your suitors?
I wasn't driving. I'd left the car in the parking lot at the airport. Could it have been deliberate?
My last lesson's next week.  James... my car...
I thought that was you, up there.
I'd better come with you, then. Are you sure you can drive?
At home. I couldn't face all this traffic.
You'd better drive him. He's a bit shaky. I'll follow in my car. Where is yours?
Vaughan isn't interested in pedestrians.
They're questioning Vaughan about an accident near the airport. Some pedestrian... they think he was run over intentionally.
Is he circumcised? Can you imagine what his anus is like? Describe it to me. Would you like to sodomize him? Would you like to put your penis right into his anus, thrust it up his anus? Tell me, describe it to me. Tell me what you would do. How would you kiss him in that car? Describe how you'd reach over and unzip his greasy jeans, then take out his penis. Would you kiss it or suck it right away? Which hand would you hold it in? Have you ever sucked a penis? Do you know what semen tastes like? Have you ever tasted semen? Some semen is saltier than others. Vaughan's semen must be very salty...
I think it's badly scarred too. From a motorcycle accident.
Have you seen his penis?
No. But when he's in that car...
Would you like to tuck him, though? In that car?
He's very pale. Covered with scars.
Do you find him attractive?
It does.
He must have tucked a lot of women in that huge car of his. It's like a bed on wheels. It must smell of semen...
Maybe I am a little.  James, I've got to leave for the office. Are you going to be all right?
You're not envious?
I'm amazed that she'll let you drive her.
I thought she might come along. Handling a car again might be more tiring than I imagine.
I've never really noticed. Is Renata going with you?
Is the traffic heavier now? There seem to be three times as many cars as there were before the accident.
How can you drive? James... your legs. You can Barely walk.
I can't sit on this balcony forever. I'm beginning to feel like a potted plant.
Renata tells me you're going to rent a car.
No, I couldn't. I feel too close to her.
What about his wife? The woman doctor? Have you visited her yet?
I wish I had. They bury the dead so quickly - they should leave them lying around for months.
You should have gone to the funeral.
Minute flecks were spattered across the seat and steering wheel. The instrument panel was buckled inwards, cracking the clock and the speedometer dials. The cabin was deformed, and there was dust and glass and plastic flakes everywhere inside. The carpeting was damp and stank of blood and other body and machine fluids.
After being bombarded endlessly by road- safety propaganda, it's almost a relief to have found myself in-an actual accident.
It is?
It's about time.
The sergeant asked me to identify it. He didn't believe you'd gotten out alive.
Have you seen it?
My car, not yours. Yours is a complete wreck. The police dragged it to the pound behind the station.
What!? They brought the car here?
Outside in the visitors, car park.
Where's the car?
He was a chemical engineer with a food company.
And her husband? What was he?
The other man, the dead man, his wife is a doctor - Dr. Helen Remington. She's here, somewhere. As a patient, of course. Maybe you'll find her in the hallways tomorrow on your walk.
Well, yes.  You're getting out of bed tomorrow. They want you to walk.
That's going well, then.
Yes. From Wendel. To celebrate, the license approval for our air-charter firm. I forgot to tell you.
Is that a gift from Wendel? It has an aeronautical feel to it.
I'll listen for you buzzing over.
If I groundloop during my flying lesson on Saturday you might wake up and find me next to you.
They consider this to be the airport hospital. This ward is reserved for air- crash victims. The beds are kept waiting.
Not a lot of action here.
Thank you.
There, that's better.
I've been thinking about that, about you and Karen.
Poor darling.  What can I do about Karen? How can I arrange to have her seduce me? She desperately needs a conquest.
We were interrupted. I had to go back to the set...
No. What about your camera girl? Did she come?
Did you come?
In the private aircraft hangar. Anybody could have walked in.
Where were you?
Yes.  They felt like traffic accidents.
And did you fantasize that Vaughan was photographing all these sex acts? As though they were traffic accidents?
Yes. I didn't plan it that way.
And you had sex with all of these men in cars? Only in cars?
The junior pathologist at Ashford Hospital. Then the husband of a colleague of mine, then a trainee radiologist, then the service manager at my garage.
Please finish your story.
I don't know. You can never be sure with Vaughan. This is his show.
Is this part of the act or are they really hurt?
When I first met Vaughan, he was a specialist in international computerized traffic systems. I don't know what he is now.
Oh yes. I thought he was a medical photographer, doing some sort of accident research. He wanted every conceivable detail about our crash.
That's Vaughan. He talked to you at the hospital.
Who is that? The announcer. Do I know him?
That's the point. Besides, I know I can give something now that I wasn't remotely aware of before. It's not a matter of duty so much as of commitment.
Isn't that rather too close...?
Yes.
The Road Research Laboratory? Where they simulate car crashes?
We sat in B massive traffic jam under an off-ramp. I don't think we moved more than fifty yards.  I'm thinking of taking up a new job with the Road Research Laboratory. They need a medical officer. The salary is larger something I've got to think about now. There's a certain moral virtue in being materialistic, I'm beginning to feel. Well, it's a new approach for me, in any case.
I've found that I enjoy burying myself in heavy traffic. I like to look at it. Yesterday I hired a taxi driver to drive me around for an hour. "Anywhere", I said.
Are we imagining it?
It's much worse now. You noticed that, did you? The day I left the hospital I had the extraordinary feeling that all these cars were gathering for some special reason I didn't understand. There seemed to be ten times as much traffic.
Look at all this traffic. I'm not sure I can deal with it.
Do you want a cigarette? I started to smoke at the hospital. It's rather stupid of me.
I work in the immigration department there.
So - why the airport?
I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want to.
I take it you're not wearing white to reassure them.
Not yet - though not soon enough for some people, I've already found. A death in the doctor's family makes the patients doubly uneasy.
The airport? Why? Are you leaving?
Haven't I? To the airport, if you could.
You haven't told me where we're going.
Can I give you a lift?  I somehow find myself driving again.
Were you badly hurt? I think we saw each other at the hospital.  I don't want the car. In fact, I was appalled to find that I have to pay a small fee to have it scrapped.
I don't think we should have come here. I'm surprised the police don't make it more difficult.
They said it was here. They told me this morning.
It's not here. Maybe the police are still holding it. Their forensic people...
After this sort of thing, how do people manage to look at a car, let alone drive one?  I'm trying to find Charles's car.
No, thanks. I'll go with Vaughan.
I'm going to leave now. Do you want a lift?
Hard to say.
What does he want from you?
You're not jealous, are you? You have to understand... Helen and I had this strange, intense... experience together.
Serious. But you'll have to take your new friend, the female crash-test dummy. She dropped it off for you.
You're kidding.
I suspect it involves reenactments of famous car crashes. You know, Jayne Mansfield, James Dean, Albert Camus...
Really? What kind of exhibition is it?
A complimentary ticket for a special stunt-driving exhibition. Definitely not part of the big auto show. There's a map in the packet and a note requesting you be discrete about the location.
What is it?
I can drive.
Can you drive?
Are you still involving me in your crash?
You were the last one I saw just before the accident. Do you remember? We made love.
I saw the blood. It looks like motor oil.
There's still a patch of blood there on the road. Did you see it?
I'm sure the police would make an exception in your case.
No.
Are we allowed to park here?
Where are you?
I need to see you, Ballard. I need to talk to you about the project.
You're right, Ballard. There's an all- night car-wash in the airport service area.
He must have driven through a pool of blood. If the police stop you again, they may impound the car while they have the blood analyzed. Vaughan kneels beside him and inspects the smears of blood.
A crude sci-fi concept that floats on the surface and doesn't threaten anybody. I use it to test the resilience of my potential partners in psychopathology.
What about the reshaping of the human body by modern technology? I thought that was your project.
It's the future, Ballard, and you're already part of it. For the first time, a benevolent psychopathology beckons towards us. For example, the car crash is a fertilizing rather than a destructive event - a liberation of sexual energy that mediates the sexuality of those who have died with an intensity impossible in any other form. To fully understand that, and to live that... that is my project.
It's very... satisfying. I'm not sure I understand why.
The case could be made.
Is that why you drive this car? I take it that you see Kennedy's assassination as a special kind of car-crash?
No, I mean a crash with a history. Camus' Facel Vega, or Nathaniel Nest's station wagon, Grace Kelly's Rover 3500. Fix it just enough to get it rolling. Don't clean it, don't touch anything else.
You could get your wish at any moment.
I've always wanted to drive a crashed car.
It's something we're all intimately involved in: The reshaping of the human body by modern technology.
What exactly is your project, Vaughan? ~ book of crashes? A medical study? A sensational documentary? Global traffic?
I live in my car. This is my workshop.
Do you live here? With Seagrave?
It's not the police. It's the Department of Transport. Internal politics. It's a joke. They have no idea who we really are
Why are the police taking this all so seriously?
Yes.
Crash victim?
Oh?
I have a going-away gesture for you, too.
It was just a little going-away gesture.
OK, good. That's good. Thanks an awful lot for everything, and for coming down here to see me off.
So, we'll meet every Tuesday and Friday. And if you have any kind of emergency, you can page me.
Are you saying I'm through with therapy?
I think it's about that time, Letty. The charges against you have been dropped, the drugs have evened out and you seem to be dealing with your life quite well.
What?
Then, you should call.
I thought about calling, but I want to wait until I know when I'll be out.
Have you been in contact with the principal about your job?
But what I really can't believe is that I'm starting to actually miss work.
All I want you to do is think about what's best for you. Really think about it.
First you tell me to do what I want to, then you tell me to stop.
I don't want to hear anymore.
Drugs can help suppress symptoms. But lots of patients stop taking them when they're on their own because the side effects are so harsh.  And, Michael's condition is often worsened by periods of stress. He's been in and out of...
Look, I know he's almost through with treatment here. And, he's on medication.
Then that's even more reason to listen. Look, schizophrenics tend to withdraw from reality. They experience emotional disturbances that result in personality changes. 
I don't need a lecture.   I care about Michael.
Go ahead and put the guard back up, Letty. But you need to know what you're dealing with.
I know Michael's a schizophrenic, and Mrs. Hallstrom's manic- depressive, and John Lockyer has episodes of psychosis, and I heard a rumor that you suffer from delusions of grandeur.
What about Michael? Do you know the extent of his...
I'm a grown woman, Dr. Emlee.   I can take care of myself.
Well, Letty, this does present a liability issue for the hospital.
I couldn't really say anything because of that fraternizing rule.
I miss Beast a lot, too.
The question, Letty, is how are you feeling?
We'll see about adjusting the dosage if that doesn't clear in the next  How are other things going?
The medicine's still bothering me. It feels like I have cotton wrapped around my brain.
I think in the spirit of group therapy, it's beneficial for each of us to open ourselves up to the others.
Do we have to talk about this?
I don't think you understand.    I won't wait.
We discourage family visits for the first 48 hours after an emotional trauma like the kind you've experienced.
I want to see my mother immediately.
I apologize for the inconvenience, but I must ask you some...
What kind of place is this?
What?
Patient.
Psychologist, therapist, whatever.
I'm afraid Lhe's not a doctor.
Yeah, and a dimple.
This doctor, was he tall, with dark hair?
Well, I don't have hallucinations. Honest.
I'm the only doctor making rounds this morning.
It's hospital policy...
I did this already.
Hello, Letitia. I'm Dr. Emlee, and I have some questions to ask you...
I know.    I know.
I was so sure. I really thought it would work.  We have plans, Ruth.
I can't.    I can't see him there.
Do you want to go see him? I'll take you if you want to go.
But what am I going to do?
You don't have to make any decisions tonight.
Oh, Ruthie, what am I going to do?
I ruined your wedding night.
You did the right thing.
That's thanks to all your help.
I don't think people even noticed. I thought the ceremony was perfect.
I didn't say...
What's his name, Letty?
Oh, no, of course not.
Do we have to talk wedding details?
And then the gold scroll or the black Romanesque print?
Ecru.
What do you think?
Mom and I fought for 20 minutes over whether we should go with ecru invitations or brilliant white.
You're slowing.
I can hardly wait 'til you're free. Planning the wedding without you has been a disaster.
That settles it. I'm never leaving.
Loaned you. And it's only 'til you get out of here.
I can't believe you finally gave me the shirt.
I'll be back before you can say souffle.
Letty, dinner's almost ready.   The souffle...
No, no. They've got to be Puglia olives, packed in a light brine with a flavor that doesn't overpower the palate.
It'll be fine.
Sage, rosemary...  Les Herbes.
What's all the dreck?
What's the matter?
Fuck me.
What about the souffle?    Has that gone in?
Paul, can you hand me the olives? Ruth, I need you to, what was it?
How can I help?
Do you think I should?
Go on, Letty. I want to see it on you.
Look, Mom, I think I've found the dress.
Hi, Mom.
Truly.
Really?
You look beautiful.
What about this one?
Thanks so much for planning it, Letty. Jake's really looking forward to it.
Everything's ready for tomorrow night--except the artillery.
What about the engagement party?
Yeah, everything's under control.
But everything's OK?
Things have been kind of stressful lately.
I'd have to see it on.
What do you think of this one?
She said she'd be here at 10.
Where's the old bag I sometimes call Mommy?
Yeah, it'll be fun.
And the party?
You know what, Ruthie? I better get back to my class, OK?
Really?
Maybe, though. Maybe it would work. I could throw you an engagement party maybe.
Mom and Dad? At dinner together? Are you crazy?
Please, Letty.
Oh, wait a minute, now I see where you're going.
You always throw the best dinner parties, Letty.
Maybe.
Maybe if we had them both to dinner or something.
I'll talk to her, and to Dad, too.  A few wisely-chosen guilt tactics and they'll be ours.
How?
Mom won't miss your wedding. She'll come around. I promise she will.
She says she won't even come if Dad brings Monica.
Well, my theory is that people can really enjoy math, but they lose interest...
No, really. Tell me about the promotion.
There's nothing to tell.
Just go ahead and tell us.
Me? Nothing. Tell me more about the job.
What's up with you?
Just remember that I love him.
Don't be fresh.
I'm going to take that as an honest effort at being open minded.
He's been looking everywhere for weeks, Mom.   It's not that easy after you've been locked away.
I will, Dear. I promise.  Why McDonald's?
Michael just got a job.    Couldn't you congratulate him?
A deal's a deal.
Honestly, Letty.
Not even if it's something positive?
Mom, we agreed. You can visit, but you're not allowed to mention Michael.
I've already made arrangements.
I'm so thankful you'll be leaving next week. If you want me to pick you up, I will.
It's good exercise, Mom.
Must you walk so quickly?
And if I want to smoke, I'll fucking smoke.
I'm only looking out for you.
Mom, look, if I want to dump Paul, I'll dump him. If I want to screw Michael or live with him or marry him, then I'll do that.
Don't forget that Paul's a promising young attorney who loves you very much...
Mom, please.
I hear this Michael fellow is schizophrenic.
When did you start smoking?
I haven't had a crush since I was
Just think, pretty soon, we'll be doing all these wedding preparations for you.  Of course, if that's what you still want. Ruthie told me some silly story about a crush on some boy here.
We aren't allowed to wear jewelry in here, Mom.
I was thinking either the peach moire or cream damask.
Oh, OK, well, better to choose the table cloths first anyway.
We haven't. I wanted to talk that over with you, too.
Which flowers did you order?
You're looking good.    A little thin, but good.
You too, Mom.
It's so good to see you, Sweetheart.
As soon as Dr. Emlee says.
Tomorrow?
I'll see you soon.
Paul said he'd call the school.  And your father thinks he's convinced the guard not to press charges as long as you get help.
And my class. It'll be hard to find a good substitute. And what about my math program?
Ruth's already taken him home.
But what about Beast?   Who'll...?
Yes.
We all agree with the doctor, Dear. He thinks it's safer for you to stay here for a while.
Maybe I should talk about this with Ruth, or Paul.
I just want to go home.   Can we go home now?
Everyone says it's the best facility in the area for this sort of thing.
I'm so glad to see you. You can't believe the people in here. They've got patients posing as doctors...
I've talked to Doctor Emlee, and he says...
Mom, I was there, and I just, I was so... They didn't have the olives, and I, I got so upset. I don't know how it happened.
Oh, Letty, what happened?
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'm here, Sweetheart. I'm here. It's going to be OK.
Can I get you a glass of champagne?
I gather he's late as usual.
Especially with a promotion in the offing.
Mom, please.
Paul could pop the question at any time.
Oh no.
No, not yet. But you know Paul. He's sure to get it.
Has Paul heard about his promotion?
You've only known Jake a few months.
Tell us every detail.
Wow.   Congratulations.
My goodness. A wedding.      My goodness.
Come on.
Are you sure, Dear?
Not now, but maybe later, if they like the program.
Will you get time off to do that?
I'll be running it three days a week, and...
How wonderful, darling.  What does that mean for you?
I'm glad.
You've been so great. I just feel a lot clearer about things.
I guess so. I think that's right.
You can only do what feels best to you now.
It's OK.   It's good to let it out.
I don't mean to go on and on like this.
I understand you just got engaged. Maybe that's where we should start.
To talk?  Well, OK, that might be good.
If you feel lonely, or need to talk, all you have to do is say so.
Lie?
I don't know why you feel you have to lie, Letty.
Mottled really.   Green and red.
Green spot.
It had this red spot on its back.
Sounds awful. I guess we better check it out.
It's got a green dot on its back. I can't go to sleep with it watching me.
Yeah?
There's a spider in my room.
Letty, you should be in bed.
Just eat whatever you want. This will give you a chance to meet some people.
I'm really not that hungry.
You should go.
I guess I should go now.
I will. And you make sure you take care of yourself.
Just promise me you'll be OK, OK?
Would that really be such a good idea for either of us?
How about something better?   Like a kiss.
Don't you have a magic trick or something to make this easier?
That's the best idea I've heard in a long time.
Maybe we could just run away to Tahiti and live on the beach.
I love you too, Letty.     I love you, too.
I love you so much.
I know I don't want to lose you.     I don't think I could stand it.
What do you want to do?
What are we going to do?
Oh, God, Michael, I know.  Why does everything have to be so hard?
I didn't mean for any of this to happen.
I'm sorry.     I didn't come here to blame you.
I don't know. I don't fucking know.
Well then why'd it happen?
But that wasn't me.    I didn't mean to do that.
Someone has to take care of you right now, Michael. You tore up the apartment. You stopped taking your medications.
Like I've told you before I don't want you taking care of me.
Letty, please.
I've been thinking I could try to visit you at night after work, and then there'd be more time on weekends to see...
Yeah, the plans.
And all the plans we have.
I sure know what that feels like.
It's hard to know where to start.
I guess so.
I guess we need to talk.
Michael, calm down. Please. It's OK.
Don't upset my Mom.     Don't you upset my Mom.
I think I should call someone.
Silly, silly, silly.
Michael, take it easy.
Silly?   Silly am I?
I didn't talk to her about medications, Michael. Don't be silly.
Why'd you tell?
What do you mean not taking your meds?
We both talked to her, Michael. And your dad.
I saw you talking to my Mom.
What?
Always the drugs.
What is it? Are you OK?
It wasn't exactly a lie.
Bye, Uncle Cort.  What's with the lie?
How about a dance?
When he could get time off from the restaurant business.
Something like that.
Bingo.
Aunt Lily?
You don't have to know all this by Saturday. It took me years.
Oh. And, Harry, he's the one who likes magic?
No, that's Aunt Connie. Lily is the one who looks like a hooker.
Aunt Lily is the one who married your father's cousin?
Congratulations.
How may I help you?
I got worried. Are you OK?
Hey, Letty. Mrs. Mayer.
Coming.
You're going to miss the Top Ten.
I think you know I'd love you even more in a blue polyester cap.
Just promise you'll love me even if I end up in a job where I have to wear a blue polyester cap.
You don't have to take care of me, you know.
That's OK. We can call and reschedule in the morning.
I couldn't even face that one.
The restaurant, too?
Four interviews. Four no-gos.
Big restaurant interview tomorrow.
Are you OK?
I think I should go home.
You go ahead and relax. I'll cook.
Would you mind if we just called it an early night?
You got wine. That's great.
The store was busy.
Steak?
Promise.  As long as we have steak.
Promise?
It doesn't matter.    It'll work out.
Who ever said sanity was fun?
Yeah.    How was the job search?
Sounds grim.
I bombed. It's either work in the office or nothing.
That's Mr. Beast to you.
This must be Beast.
Thanks.
Gosh, Letty, this is a great place.
You've got one hell of a great body.
Yeah?
Sounds good. Oh, and Letty?
You, too. Kick ass today.
Good luck.
I'll see you tonight.
I'm supposed to meet the principal in half an hour.
I'll be forced to tickle you.
Not yet.
Shhhh.
Michael.
No.
Did I get spaghetti sauce on my face?
It's sex time.
Hey.
You're so wrong.
I like it.     But Headlines are better.
How can you not like the Top 10 List?
Out? Are you kidding?     I've got all the fixings here.
What do you say we go out to dinner to celebrate?
Really?
I love your apartment.
Do you like it?
You've got to see the kitchen first.
Let's try out the bed.
I was tired of watching what everyone else wants to watch. Now we can watch two shows at once.
It's TV heaven.
Very trendy. Let's see the rest.
Throw pillows, Letty. The sales lady said they're the latest thing.
I love the pillows.
You like it?
Wow.
Open up.    I want to see.
This is it -- 3B.     Check it out.
I've heard the mission in Santa Barbara is the place to go.
Where to?
Aren't you ever quiet?
Aren't you supposed to throw a bouquet or something?
List schmist. You'll remember.
I better make a list.
First off, you'll need to go to Target. And, let's see, what should you buy?
No, I need some serious household advice.
Furnished?
All over.  Did you see your new apartment?
So, it's over?
Yeah.
I saw Paul leaving.    Did you do the dirty deed?
Just checking.
And did you go to the mission?
Not a one.
So there were no problems?
I was brilliant, or at least boringly sane.
Tell me all.
Home free.
Well?
Great. I came to tell you to break a leg, and to give you this for good luck.
Oh, right.     I'm ready.   How do I look?
John and Nurse Gates are waiting for you.
But I do.     I love you, too.
It's OK. You don't have to say anything.
Michael, I...
I do.
Do you?
You're right. I guess I was projecting. What I should have said is, "It's a good thing I love you."
Your family just met me.
It's a good thing my family loves you.
Lie down.
Then it's over.
I don't like lamb.
Tell the doctor.
I have a terrible confession.
How can you even mention Spaghetti- O's after eating Grandma Rosa's dinner tonight?
And we'd eat Spaghetti-O's in bed from the can.
I'd like to drink a bottle of red wine with you and then make love to you and spend the whole night together. And we'd get up in the morning and spend hours lounging around and reading the paper.
What else would you do?
That's where I always go when I get out.
No way.
The mission up in Santa Barbara.
I just want to see Beast.  Where would you go?
You must have thought about it. Everyone does.
Break up?    They wish.
Why in the world did you let me start talking in metaphors? That's no way for us to break up.
My Grandma Rosa says that some trees get planted in rich top soil, and they grow right up to the sun, tall and straight. Other trees, they start as seeds in the crevices between rocks so they have to twist and bend to reach the light.  But even though they end up crooked, they're still trees, just like the straight ones.
I'm starting to think that everyone's crazy to some extent.
I wish I could have seen that.
Sure. But I took out a whole grocery store.
Shocking, huh?
What are the delusions like?
Really, though. My thoughts go haywire sometimes.
Schizophrenic recidivism marked by hallucinations and paranoid delusions.
What's my rap?
Wow.    I'm bad news.
I had to sneak by the guards to get here. They say you're highly unstable, have a depressive personality, and may hold back my own recovery.
Really?    Me too.
I'm not allowed to see you anymore.
Back-to-back sessions with the shrink.
Thanks.    Where've you been all day?
A rose is a rose.
The lady knows this is a dandelion.
A daisy for the lady.
Rendezvous at the closet in 30.
Don't be ridiculous.
Nervous? Scared? Worried you're not fit for a caper of epic proportions?
No rounds for another three hours.
We'll get caught.
Exactly.
We're supposed to be asleep.
And I'm not covering for you when you sneak out to call Dominos.
No.
I won't do your portion of kitchen cleanup.
A small price.
Good God.
For a price.
OK, OK, I'll give it back.
Really, this isn't funny.
The left one.
Guess.
Enough with the abracadabra.
Guess which hand.
It's magic.
What have you done with the ring?
So are you engaged, or what?
It was romantic.   He's very romantic.
Very romantic setting.
He asked me to marry him.
Paul.
Was it bad news--the visit from Peter?
Finally. I was getting tired of watching him try every night.
John even managed to lob a load of mashed potatoes into Mrs. Hallstrom's milk.
I wasn't hungry.
You missed out on some great broccoli florets at dinner.
I've already checked it out 17 times.
But you're checking it out.
Anything interesting.
What are you looking to read?
I'm not the one who's masquerading as a doctor. I'm not the one who's, who's...
Stop acting like you're someone special. You're just like the rest of us.
You have no right, no right to take the worst thing that's ever happened to me and make it into some kind of game.
Don't take it personally.
Who do you think you are?
It's no big deal.   We all compare.
You took bets on my diagnosis?
Hey there. They're showing "Groundhog Day" if you...
That must be really difficult.
A while, I guess.
Is this really important? Because I don't think it's a problem.
What if it's got a pattern?
By color.
How do you sort it--by lace and cotton?
Sometimes my food, and my clothes, and my underwear.
Yes?   Go right ahead.
What about patterns? Do you find yourself checking and re-checking locks? Or washing your hands over and over again?
No.
Let me shift gears here a minute...  Do you ever hear voices that other people don't hear or see things they don't?
Terrific.
Chair, cup and ball.
It's OK. It's not a pass-fail kind of thing.
No, 79. Sorry, this makes me nervous.
I know this can be a real drag, but the attending physician on day shift is required to do his own prelim exam when a patient is admitted during the night.
I answered these questions last night.
First off, Letty, can you tell me where you are?
Letty.
Do you mind if I call you Letitia?
Sure, I understand.
I've got a deposition that I really need to get cracking on, so if you don't mind...
I'm really sorry.
I think I've heard this speech before.
Our relationship meant a lot to me, too, Paul. But it's over.  And Michael being in the hospital doesn't really change things.
Michael.   Yes.
I heard your friend was back in the hospital.
What?
I heard about your friend.
Getting back.
I start on Monday.
How's work going?    Are you back at school?
Oh.
Oh, none. None. I completely understand what was going on.
I'm just glad there aren't any hard feelings.
I'm glad you agreed to see me.
No way. You keep the ring.     You'll come to your senses.
Here's the ring.
You're going to throw away our life together for some shared experience with a looney-tune that you misguidedly think is love?
I love him.
Of all the crazy things. I understood when you dropped out of law school. And during this whole mess, I've tried to be supportive. But, really, Letty, what can you be thinking?
He's a patient here.
It's a doctor, isn't it? That's unethical. I'll have him rung up on malpractice charges so fast his head will spin.
No.
Have you been seeing another teacher?
It doesn't matter who.
Who?
I've met someone else.
Whoa. Whoa. Have really loved me? Letty, it's natural to be nervous. But we're going to work through our problems.
I don't mean to hurt you.    I know this is a terrible thing.    And I have really loved you.
You what?
That's a load off my mind.
No...
You can tell me anything.  Do you want to postpone the wedding? Is it too much pressure?
I need to tell you something, and I'm not sure how.
What's so urgent?   You've got me worried.
Of course. Yes. I will.     I do.
So will you?
No, no.
Sure. We'll save the formal announcement for when you're out. I already told your mother. I hope you don't mind.
So, what do you say, Let?
No, you've done a perfect job.
It's, it's really nice, Paul.
I hope you like it. It's a Marquis cut, 1.5 carats. They had one with emeralds around it, but this was simpler, more classic in its lines.  Letty?
Or be up past ten or fraternize with other patients.
I had to smuggle it in here. I guess you're not really supposed to have jewelry.
I just wish we'd done it sooner.
You don't have to say anything else. I've known for a while that this was coming.
Exactly. It's time to make decisions.
I know. We can't just keep going through the motions.
I talked to Ruth a little bit, and I think it's about time...
So, I've been thinking a lot...
Especially now.
Especially this last year.
No.
This has been really difficult, this whole thing. 
Yes, I suppose so.
I think we need to talk about some things.
Of course not, no.  Is that why you're here?
Something you did?
I hope it wasn't something I did.
That's a big question.
Are you all right?
Yeah, I guess it's all right.
It's prettier here than I thought it would be.
I think you're overreacting.
I'm going to the store.
Sure. Why?
Can you loan me a 20?
What are you doing?
Yes.
You know what I think we need? Martinis. How about martinis to celebrate?
You just need to get more organized. L
Yeah.
Of course it will. Remember the big talent show you planned last year? And what about the Christmas benefit when Santa canceled at the last minute? But you still pulled it off.
I don't think so.
Come on, Letty.   It'll get done.
No, I can't. I've already convinced both Mom and Dad to come.
You can get out of the dinner.
It's just I've got those parent conferences, and I'm supposed to set up the math program by next week. And shopping for Ruth's dress and that, that engagement dinner.
No, it's not like that.
Maybe you ought to see a doctor.
I'm sorry.  I'm just...I'm so tired lately.
Forget I asked.
Paul, I just can't go. Is that OK with you or am I committing some horrible crime?
But what about that math project?
Won't it be hard for them to get a substitute this late?
I don't feel like going to work today.
You don't have a fever.
I'm calling in sick.
What are you doing?    You're going to be late.
Sure. Of course.
But I thought if you don't mind, you could listen and see how I come across?
Oh, ok.   Maybe.
Actually, I need to review the deposition questions tonight. Maybe tomorrow?
I mean tonight.
I was thinking dinner on Friday with James and Meg at the Saint Mark.
Huntley told me today that if I come through on the Benton deposition, they may consider me for senior associate.
Yeah?
Good going. I knew you could do it.
My math program. The Superintendent said he'd fund it.
The receptionist said you called earlier about something.
Believe me, I know your feelings on the matter.
I really think if you're going to spend your life with someone you want to know them pretty damn well.
In there's better.  It's kind of romantic, don't you think?
Can I put these here for tonight?
She's only known the guy a few months.
It's not another one. It's my sister.  Aren't you happy for her?
So, another one bites the dust.
Or, of course, you could take a sabbatical the rest of the year.
Office work?
I need someone to work on budget projections.
What does that mean?
It's a very nice letter. But I have to go with what's best for the students.
I've already thought about how to tell the kids where I was.
I'm glad you're doing well.
Believe me, I wish I'd understood what was going on. I've worked really hard to get better.
I know, Letty. But the incident with Zach was frightening for the children.  Now if you'd come to me, explained what was going on...
Look, Gail, I've been a good teacher.
So, in light of how the parents feel, and the fact the students are doing so well with the substitute, I don't think I can put you back in the classroom just yet.
Well, I understand.     I know my behavior was poor.
I do apologize.    A student had a crisis.
The Superintendent was just getting ready to leave.
That's so sweet, Michael. But, really, I've so many things to do.
Mrs. Hallstrom, why don't you join my family for dinner. You'll love my Grandma Rosa.
Simulated sapphires. I bet my daughter would love those, too.
I like those sapphire earrings myself.
Shhh. They're coming to the cubic zirconium.
How's it look?
I'll float you.
All tapped out.
Yes I did.    Lose ends are messy.
You didn't have to kill Sophie.
I'm going to retire with a shit-load of money. Find me a small country that doesn't have an extradition treaty with the States and live the good life.
You want the tapes for yourself.     You're going to sell them.
Hey, you're not exactly the most trustworthy guy in the world. I took a shot. It didn't work. Did you bring the tapes?
What the fuck was all that about at the hotel last night? I thought we had a deal?
And you're a dirty cop. At least I don't pretend to be something different than what I am.
When this is over you can say whatever the hell you want. I'll be long gone. Besides, who's going to believe you? You're just a two-bit crook.
What about me? Aren't I a loose end?
Yes I did.    Lose ends are messy.
You didn't have to kill Sophie.
I'm going to retire with a shit-load of money. Find me a small country that doesn't have an extradition treaty with the States and live the good life.
You want the tapes for yourself.     You're going to sell them.
No. I have it. The lamp? The one with your fingerprints and her blood on it?  Remember?
They don't have a murder weapon?
Witness' can be convinced they made a mistake. Without the murder weapon the D.A. won't have enough to prosecute you.
A pass? How you gonna give me a pass? A witness can put me at the crime scene.
A pass.
I can get them -- but what do I get if I do?
Where are the tapes?
Look, I just want out of this nightmare. I don't know these guys. A few days ago I'm in Paris picking pockets and now I'm America's most wanted.
You're fucked, Sami. You know it.   That's why you're here.
Bullshit! She was alive when we left her with you.
No. You killed her. Manager remembers you going into her room. Your fingerprints were found all over the place.
You killed her!
Okay.   Okay.    I believe you.
Wired?    I ain't wired.
You think I'm going to talk to you until I know if you're wired.
What are you doing?
If you ever want to get those tapes, meet me in one hour at Grant Park near the statue.
Yeah.   I figured I'd be hearing from you.
Do you know who this is?
Agent Hadley.
Yeah. He delivers the goods on Zammito. If we got what we wanted we'd let his brother go providing he tells us where the Van Gogh and the other paintings are.
So Bastaldi makes a deal with the Feds to trade up for his brother?
We're talking Matisse, Renoir, Monet. We know for sure they replaced Van Gogh's "Vase with twelve sunflowers" last week with a copy. It was on loan from the London National Gallery and they're not going to be very happy when they find out about it.
Then we just have to make sure everyone who knows can't say anything.
Too many people know about my involvement in this.
What for? The minute I get him some other Gavone will take his place. I've been doing this for twenty years. When I retire it's not going to be to some trailer park in the suburbs.
I thought you wanted Zammito?
Fuck Bastaldi and his brother. These tapes are gold. Do you have any idea what Zammito would pay to get them back?
They're supposed to be evidence.    That's why Bastaldi set this up.
I can't bring the Bureau into this.    If I do the tapes become evidence.
Listen, we know their names. They don't know the city. You'll find them. You're the FBI.
This is turning to shit. If word gets out of my involvement in this I'll go to prison.
You'll never get out of the city.
Zero.   That's all I know.
I swear man, I don't know. They packed up and left a half hour ago.  All I got is one of their phone numbers in Paris.
I'm your worst fuckin' nightmare. Now, if you don't want me to keep on hurting you, it's important that I believe you and right now I don't. So tell me, where did they go?
Jesus.   What kind of FBI agent are you?
What?   This?
Hey man, you can't do that!
I dunno.
Where did they go?
They left about a half hour ago.
Not today.   Where are your friends?
Uh... excuse me, but don't you need a warrant or something?
Take what you've got and get out of there.
Oui.
You've already robbed the safe?
Should I call you back?
My number's going to show up on his bill!
Oui.
You're calling me on is phone?
No.
You're calling me on your cell phone, right?
Oui.
You're there now?
Yes. We went to the address we were given and had to tie up the owner of the house who turns out to be some Mafia guy.
Marcel?
It's me...
Who?
It's Elvis...
Hello?
Well, you better get the money somehow. Six o'clock and come alone. If you don't we'll destroy the tapes.
I don't have it. That's why Vincent went to Chicago. They arrested him before he could bring it back.
Don't bullshit me, Laurant!   I know about the Van Gogh.
A million! I don't have that kind of money.
-- I've got the tapes. If you ever want to see your brother out of jail do exactly what I say. Bring one million euros to your boat at six o'clock.
Daniel. Listen I'm afraid there has been a big--
It's Daniel.
Hello?
I don't trust anyone. You don't get to the top of this game by trusting people... and after all, you are a thief. It's in your nature to steal. I'm just protecting my investment.
You don't trust me?
This is a considerable move up for you, Daniel. The temptation of having so much money might be too much for you.
What?
I thought I would accompany you to the airport to say bon voyage... and tell you that Marcel will be going with you.
The job is worth about two million euros. Pull this off and you and your crew could make some real money, Daniel. You leave tomorrow.
C'mon, Laurant, America?
Thank you Marcel, for that... extremely redundant explanation.
Good.   I have a job for you in America.
Uh, yeah.
Hey Daniel! Hello?  Do you guys speak English?
Vincent's in the States on business.  That it?
Where's your brother?
Yeah -- you do that.
I will relay the particulars of our conversation to Mr. Maranzano.
You told me that on the phone. What the hell are you doing here? Showing off your communication skills? Go back to your people and tell them when they're serious to put a number on the table.
To tell you that we're interested in the property.
Why are you here?
I'm not here to negotiate.
Okay.   How much?
I'm taking a vocabulary course to enhance my communication skills.
Then why not just fuckin' say better than expected? Everybody knows what better than expected means.
Supernumerary. It means better than expected.
-- Super what?
Yeah. That warehouse over on Merchant Street. The volume on our import business has risen dramatically. The proceeds this quarter will be supernumerary due to the --
Okay. I understand you're interested in one of our properties?
I'm good.   Really.
You sure? I just got a shipment of espresso from Sicily. Special blend. Can't find anything like it in the States.
No thank you.
Can I offer you something.    A drink? Coffee?
When you return please extend my regards to Mr. Maranzano and his family.
Mr. Maranzano sends his warmest regards.
Good.   I'm good.
Good. I'm doing good. How you doin', Frankie?
We're doing everything we can to find these people. Right Tony?
Some cash. Jewelry. The other stuff I can replace, but there's a cardboard box... photos of my mother. They're the only ones I have of her.
What is happening with the world? There was a time no civilian would touch a made man. Now every babbo in the world thinks he can get away with something. What did they take?
Yes.
They knew who you were when they broke in your house?
You have enough to worry about, Angelo. You don't need my problems.
Why didn't you tell me about this?
Angelo, we live and die by the rules we make. We are men of honor, but honor without respect is a... horse-less carriage.
But you were there?
I did. Joey "Two Tons" and Nicky "The Rake" did the deed.
Your own brother? You couldn't send someone else to do it?
He missed three weeks.
Oh Frankie, what's this I hear about your brother?
You know, I'm kind of tired. I'm just gonna go home if it's all the same to you.
You should. You can learn a lot about the criminal justice system on a program like that. Very informative. Stay and watch it with me.
Uh, no --
Nah, that's just Tony's way of telling me Judge Judy starts in ten minutes. You ever watch it?
Someone else coming?
Good word.
Supernumerary. It means better than expected.
They're gonna be what?
I heard this quarter his profits are gonna be supernumerary.
Business must be good if he can afford to buy up useless property.
He sticks his toes in the water again, we'll cut 'em off.
He's trying to get a foot hold in our territory.
And nothing.     He's just feeling us out.
And?
Yeah. Seems Maranzano wants to talk about buying the Merchant Street warehouse.
I understand Bobby Beans came to see you today.
No, I'm good, Angelo.
Frankie, come in. Good to see you.      You want something?
You have something for me?
Thank you.
This plane will take you to Canada. From there you can fly back to Paris.
How about if I call you?
I only ask so I can call you when the arrangements are made.
Where are you staying?
I just want to get my people home. I know who you are and what you could do to me if I don't honor my word.
I only have your word for that.
I'll destroy them when we get back to Paris.
And the other half?
Half the tapes.
And for my help I would get what?
You want me to help you get out of the country?
We've got a lot of people looking for us. We'd just like to go home.
I assume you want something?
He's recorded every conversation he's had with you for years.
I don't think it will be a mystery much longer.
I've got to tell you, Mr. Bonanno, This guy's an idiot. How he's lived this long is a mystery.
Not such a good friend.   May I reach in my pocket?
You rob an associate of mine... a friend and--
I guess we're going to find out.
Either you are incredibly brave, or incredibly stupid. Which one is it?
Black market art. Zammito got to a few key security guards at the Metropolitan Museum. The Bastaldi's supplied the artists to make copies of famous works. They'd switch the paintings, send the originals to Paris and the Bastaldi's would sell them to private collectors.
What kind of business?
Laurant and Vincent were in business with Zammito.
For what?
If you think because you're a women this can't go hard on you, think again.
I don't know.
I know they won't be home tonight.
Tonight?
Jesus!
Why do I have to pick up the tapes.
Raymond, grab the tapes.    We're leaving!
I'm just setting my boundaries.
Why is everything an argument with you?
I'm not any closer than you are.
Because you're the closest.
Why do I always have to answer the phone?
Get that, will you?
Too risky. We don't need to get pulled over because of a stolen car.
Why not just steal another one?
She probably hid it at her place.    The six of us could find it in --
Forget the money! We've got bigger problems than the money right now.
We're leaving. Raymond get the bag.
No one has mentioned the part of the plan about us getting caught and going to prison.
I agree with Marcel. I say we go to the airport and get on a plane.
We can't.
Yeah.   We just go home.
No problem.
Not a good idea. Someone gets a license number and it all leads back to you. Raymond, you'll steal one.
You're always pointing out my negative qualities. My analyst says positive reinforcement is a much more productive way of relating with people.
You know what makes a good get away driver?  Being able to get away!
And be careful when you get near the top. Zero has a very long one.
Cut his pants up the leg to the groin.
And the Vodka.
Bring me the scissors.
What about the money?
I'm going to kill him myself!
You want Zero to kill him?
Bastaldi's dead. He is fuckin' dead!
Cops?
We are being watched. Daniel grabs the binoculars and looks.
We are tired and bored with your bullshit. So, put that stupid little knife away before Zero shoves it up your ass.
He said to go fuck yourself.
We'll see.
And if there is, then Zero can kill someone?
I just want you there in case there's trouble.
No one? Then why is Zero here?
Hopefully no one.
Where are you from?
In English.   Sami doesn't speak French.
We'll think of something.
That's an excellent plan.     Very comforting.
We need to rent a car and for that you need a credit card.
What for?
Sami, tomorrow you lift a wallet from someone who looks like one of us.
Why should I have to put it on the list? It's like saying to buy a car with tires.
I bought everything you put on the list. Gloves. Pen knives. Flashlight. Batteries were not on the list.
I can't believe you didn't check.
I thought they came with batteries.
You didn't buy batteries?
Do they come with batteries?
I'm trying.    It doesn't work.
Turn on the flashlight.
Maybe if we gave the tapes back --
We still have to get out of here.
I just want to live long enough to get back to Paris. Just long enough to kill Bastaldi.
We all agreed to it. You had no way of knowing Bastaldi was setting us up.
We had a chance to walk out of Zammito's house.
What is that a threat? Are you fuckin' threatening me, Marcel?
I'm not a guy who is known for his patience and right now you're testing mine.
Better than spending my life crawling through windows in the middle of the night.
You call being Bastaldi's lap dog better?
This ain't about that and you know it. This is about you never forgiving me for leaving the crew.
Do I?
Fuck you! You know I'd never go along with something like this.
I think if he told me he was going to steal Van Gogh's "Sunflowers in a vase" I would remember it.
You're sure?
No.
Did you know about Bastaldi's deal with Zammito?
You know, if you could get your nose out of Bastaldi's ass for two seconds you might see what's going on around you.
The deal is whatever Mr. Bastaldi says it is.
Everyone get some sleep.    We're leaving in the morning.
It was an honest mistake. Ridgeway... Ridgeroad... Ridgeway Road.
That moron.
I think he's already figured that out.
You think it's smart to tell him we're French?
Mr. Bastaldi isn't asking you if you want to go. He's telling you you're going! And if he's telling you you're going to be going then you are going to go!
Besides, we don't know the city and--
I promised Bonanno I'd destroy the tapes.
Did you have to use that much explosive?
You better.
I will.
I'm leaving you with my friends. I'm trusting you to do the right thing today.
Does it really matter what I say?
You haven't answered my question.
No, that would have left me with nothing because all of you would be dead.
If they had taken us by surprise they would have gotten the tapes back. That would have left us with nothing.
Hey, who warned you that they were coming up to the room?
Can I trust you, Sami?
What?
Some bread and...
What'd you get?
Anybody hungry?
He's been shot a lot.    He's used to it.
What's he joking around for?    He's been shot.
Get out of the room! You've got company coming up. I'll meet you at the Chevy.
Hello?
Even if we get out of town and go to another airport I'm sure the FBI and Chicago P.D. has alerted customs.
Okay. Airports, train stations, bus station are out. We know they're connected to the car rental agencies because that's where they picked up Raymond.
No?
It's not your fault, Daniel.
Has to be.
Hadley --
All you are is a professional ass-kisser.
All right, knock it off.
I think he'd cut his dick off if Bastaldi told him to.
It makes sense. I mean, do you really think he would come along if he knew we were being set up?
We have to find Sophie.
You steal some money from a man he gets over it in time. But these tapes. He's never going to stop looking for us.
They'll be waiting for us at the airport.
No.   Chicks dig me.
You didn't think it was little suspicious that someone you only knew for a few hours wanted to sleep with you?
What's the big deal? It's not like I was on guard duty or something.
I would have to say... pretty fuckin' bad. You gave us the wrong address Sophie.
How'd it go? I don't know.     Daniel, how would you say it went?
That's Frankie Zammito.   The Under boss of the Chicago Mafia.
It's not?
I'll be Elvis and you--
Good idea.
We've got to be careful not to use our real names while we're in here.
Good. Zero and Julien will go in through the window and disable the motion detector. The rest of us will come in through the front door.
After the outside alarm is off we go in through the bedroom window.
Hi. I'm one and this is two, three, four and five.
This is Zero.
There's just one more thing I need you to do.
Okay, we're square now, right?
I'll tell you when it's time.
What?
There's ten grand in here. It's yours. I'm going to call you again. There's one more thing I need you to do.
Fine.     Ten o'clock.
We had a deal before you and your friends became the new poster boys for crime.
We had a deal.
Yeah. All set. Tomorrow morning. Ten o'clock. Room 211. Barclay Hotel on River Street. Oh, and due to your recent notoriety and the heat that comes with it, I'm going to have to increase my brokerage fee to twenty five hundred.
-- Did you set it up?
Hey you guys are becoming famous.      I was just watching the news and--
It's me.
Yeah?
Fine.
A thousand dollars?
How much?
And, uh, I'm going to have to charge you a commission... kind of like a brokerage fee.
I ain't no rat.  You got money, right?
Why haven't you turned us in?
Yeah, I'd be from Belgium too if I was you. You know Zammito just put his own brother in the hospital? Broke his arm cause he was late on a debt. I mention this to illustrate the kind of people who are lookin' for you.
I'm from Belgium.
I can see that. The man's car you stole. Raphael Ruiz. He's head of the 19th Street gang and one crazy motherfucker. And Frankie Zammito's got the word out he's looking for some French dudes. You're French ain't ya?
I've got a way with people.
I ain't bullshittin'. I can get guns. I can get any kind of gun you want. But they ain't gonna help your sorry ass. You ain't been in town one day and already you got two of the toughest people in Chicago looking for you. How is that possible?
Don't bullshit me.
Man, I can get anything.
Guns.   Can you get them?
What do you want now?
I'll be right back. He gets out of the car and walks over to him.
Hard to say.
Tell me the truth Hector... do you think we'll find my car?
I don't give a shit about your cousin's car. We're here about my car. So, shut your mouth! You think you can do that? You think you can keep your big mouth shut?
He told Enrique he didn't know anything about his car.
Hector, don't interrupt me.
-- you stole my cousin Enrique's car.
-- Don't think. Okay?        You're not good at it.
I just thought that--
Hey, idiot -- I've got stolen wheels and a stolen radio in the car.
Maybe you should call the police.
Great fuckin' song.
Good song though.
Can you believe that guy?    What a moron.
Oh, I'm sorry.
But we ain't had nothing to eat all day boss.
Okay boss.
Just find them!
You didn't say find them. You said, "get them."
If I knew where they were you wouldn't have to find them, would you?
Okay boss.   Where are they?
You know why I'm handling it very well? Because you're going to get these guys for me.
Well, I must say you're handling it very well.
Well, you know, when five guys break into my house in the middle of the night, stick guns in my face, tie me up and steal from me... it does irritate me.
Boy, you must be pissed.
Everything.
Everything?
Everything.
What'd they take?
Yeah, French guys from France.
French guys?    You mean like from France?
They were all French guys.
Send some flowers. Something nice. Roses or carnations. And one of those get well soon cards.
Hey boss, it's not a science.
That's right. I said don't do it. Did you listen to me? No. You wanted the money. So, I lent you twenty large. Now it's been three weeks and you ain't paid a dime. What do you think that makes me look like on the street? I don't do something to you and everyone will think they can skate.
You said don't do it, boss.
What'd I tell you? Huh, Vinny? What'd I tell you when you came to me for money? Didn't I ask you not to do it? Did I not say that?  What'd I say to him?
Go look.
I don't know.     I didn't look.
What room number?
The Holiday Hotel.
What hotel?
A Wallet.    A hotel room card.    Some cash.
Yeah. I'll come down and make a full confession later. Right now, tell me what else you found?
No. It's just that the French guy had a gunshot wound on his neck. So, this is a homicide. Are you guys involved in this?
Are you forgetting who supplements your income?
Some French guy. At least that's what his passport said. You know Joey, I shouldn't be talking to you about this.
And the other car?
Dead bodies. The ones in the Lincoln are your... associates.
What'd you guys find?
Go where?   The police are outside.
I was told to take what we have and go.
What do we do?
There must be half a million dollars here though.
I'm telling you I've pulled out everything in the safe. There aren't any jewels.
There has to be.
Oh yeah.
Yeah and if you turned it around it would say to go right.
The map said to go left.
No.    145 Ridgeroad Way.
And he gave it to us.    145 Ridgeway Road.
Yes.
Bastaldi got the address from you, yes?
No, I didn't.
You can use my car.
What about transportation?
I can handle the exterior alarm, but the one in the bedroom is a problem.
There's an exterior alarm system. There's also another one in the hall that leads to the bedroom with a motion detector. The control panel is in the bedroom.
Oh, then we will have the house wine.
They don't have a wine list.
It doesn't matter where we go. Between Zammito and the FBI they'll find us. We have to end this here.
Maybe I'm missing the obvious, but why aren't we leaving town? Any place has to be safer for us than Chicago.
That's brilliant! Care to elaborate?
We've got to get out of here.
Don't tell me to be cool! We were supposed to be in and out. In and out! In the last twenty four hours we've managed to get the Mafia... the FBI... the Chicago Police Department and a group of Latin gang members after us. I haven't left out anyone, have I?  I don't think so, because we've already pissed off everyone in the fuckin' city!
Hey, it's not your picture on the TV, it's mine. So, try to be cool.
This is bad. This is really fuckin' bad. Am I the only one who sees how bad this is?
Yeah, but you did do it.   So let's deal with that.
I knew this was a mistake! I knew it last night when you asked me to go along with this. I could hear that little voice in my head saying, "don't do it! Don't you do it!" Jesus, why don't I ever listen to myself?
This wasn't the deal! The deal was to steal a necklace, not get in the middle of a Mafia war.
No wonder Zammito didn't want us to walk out with this stuff. He's planning on killing Bonanno and taking over the family.
C'mon, get real, will you. You think he's just going to forget about this? These guys are all about respect. All about honor. He's coming after us, so we might as well take the money.
I don't know.     Maybe if we did just leave --
Okay.    I will have a beer.
This kind.
What kind of restaurant doesn't serve wine?
They don't serve wine here.
Hey, I was told to come here by Marcel. You guys don't want me, I'll be more than happy to leave.
I see.   A master criminal.
You know, a little of this, a little of that. I've boosted cars, stole radios, run a few scams. Right now I'm into pick-pocketing.
What is it you do, Sami?
I'm Sami.    Marcel sent me.
We both know I'm already dead.
I'm not going to leave you.
When we get to the next corner jump out.
Stop talking. I'm trying to concentrate.
I knew I should have driven.
This is the only American car you've ever driven.
This is a car. I think this is the best American car I've ever driven.
I've never driven a Cadillac before.
I'm the driver.
I'll drive.
Relax. It will be fine.
I am not comfortable with this.   I'm not a good liar.
She took everything!    Didn't even leave us cab fare.
Oh, man... this is bullshit!    You can't trust anyone these days.
What are we going to do, take a taxi?
How about Canada?
I don't know.     It's gotta be millions.
No.   How much?
How about getting on your knees and communicating with my dick?
I'm talking about human beings communicating openly and honestly.
What the hell is he talking about?
There's no reason to be abusive. You're projecting your anger on me as a defense mechanism.
Pink panther, black panther. Who gives a shit? And I don't remember asking you a God Damn thing, you little turd.
A Black Panther was a member of an African American militant group in the sixties, Marcel. I think you're referring to The Pink Panther.
No!
Give it to me, Sami.
No.
Fine. All of you want to be angry? Be angry... but I'm the one who took the ball and that makes it mine.
No! You can't have the baseball! You're not entitled to the fuckin' baseball!
The baseball is mine.
This is great. After everything we've been through we've got eight hundred euros and an autographed baseball.
Hey, you know you can't this in France.
God, I want to go home.
It's good.
Yeah and he can't stand it that I tried to do something to better myself.
You guys used to work together?
Whatever! He never told me about the Van Gogh or any of the other paintings.
"Vase with twelve Sunflowers."

Why would they want us to rob the Mafia?
No, that's not Mr. Taylor.
Mr. Taylor?
We have a problem. Problem isn't the right word. Dilemma. No that really doesn't describe --  Do you know who that is?
Okay.   You can be Elvis.
C'mon, I look more like Elvis than you do.
It's my idea.
-- I want to be Elvis.
I've still got a few legal problems back in the States.
You lived there. You know the city.
Me?
Normally I'd be breaking your fingers right now, but I'm going to give you a chance to make enough to pay me back and have some extra for yourself. We have a group going to Chicago to do a job. You're going with them.
Yeah, I can see that.
Today's your lucky day, Sami.
Oh, Marcel! I thought you were somebody else. If I knew it was you I would have never run.
Going somewhere?
I see. Well, get back out on the street and find them before I "sort of" kill you.
They sort of got away.
What happened?
Just tell me who's closer to the wall?
Get in the car.
Who is closer to the wall, Joey or me?
I said a clean break.
He's over at St. James. They had to put two pins in his arm.
How's my brother?
Fuck me?   Fuck you!
Fuck you, grease-ball!
And I'm tellin' you it ain't! Now, turn your taco-eating ass around and get the hell out of here.
I'm telling you that's my car!   And someone's gonna pay for it!
The hell it is.
No.   It's mine.
Yeah.   It's mine.
Anybody know about that car outside?
The papers for the car will arrive tomorrow.
No shit?
It's yours. A gift. A gift you could give to your brother... or anyone you owe money to as partial payment.
Yeah.
You see that car?
How?
I understand. The person who sent me wishes to help you.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I represent a person who wishes to remain anonymous, but is aware of your current financial problems with your brother.
Uh huh.
Mr. Zammito?
Cool.
I would like to thank you for your hospitality.  If you are ever in Paris here is my number.
I know where she went.
How are we going to do that?
Although a cartoon I feel he shares a universal theme: We are all searching for love. No?
Yeah, I dig him.
Oh, Pepe Le Pew. He is very funny and quite well known in France.
No thank you.
No problem, man.  Hey, you wanna hit?
I am Raymond.     Thank you for allowing us to stay here.
Glenmorangie is very good.
Glenmorangie.
J&amp;B?
I'm more of a whiskey drinker myself.
The new Beaujolais' come out in France next week. You like wine?
He's right. Do you have any idea what Van Gogh's "Vase with twelve Sunflowers" is worth?
I say we make him pay first. After that you can do whatever you want to him.
Julien, what you're doing right now is a very normal psychological reaction to stress. You're projecting your anger onto us.
You're not helping.
It's simple. Bastaldi's moving up. He's closing down his operation and this is his way of saying thanks to all of us.
I said knock it off! Now as far as I'm concerned you two girls can bitch slap yourselves silly when this is over, but right now we've got to figure out what's going on.
Where is it, Sophie?
The money isn't here.
Wait here.
How do we know what room she's in?
What?
Holy shit.
Oh, you think?
I think we went the wrong way.
Watch this.
I'm glad you didn't get something flashy.
Feel free to correct him if you want.
He speaks about himself in the third person?
He's right. The tapes give us leverage with Bastaldi.
They killed our friend. It's personal now. Besides, if we do that, then Julien died for nothing. The tapes are the key.
I don't know.
And how do we do that?
We don't know that for sure.
It has to be at Sophie's. She didn't have time to go anywhere else before she came here.
You wanna tell him?
What does arresting us get them?
They send us to Zammito's house. The FBI is right across the street watching the whole thing, but they don't move. A crime is going down and they don't move. Why?  Because they were waiting for us to come out so they could arrest us.
How are we supposed to sleep with this noise?
I can't even hear myself think.
Zero did not put it in his bag.    He put it in yours.
You put a loaded gun in your bag and brought it through customs? How stupid is that?
-- Zero isn't interested in your life story.  Who gets killed?
Well, you know, not all Algerians speak French. It's a matter of what school you went too. Me I never really --
And you don't speak French?
Algeria.
Vincent Bastaldi is in jail.
Why?
Stick around and find out.
Who are you waiting for?
After last night I could say the same for you.
I really thought we had something special going. I can't tell you what a disappointment you've turned out to be.
It's three in the morning.    Not much else to do.
Sounds boring.
I thought I'd listen to some of the tapes. See what's so important that a mob guy has to lock it away in his safe.
What are you doing?
It's not your fault.
I'm sorry things went so wrong today.
No.
Can't sleep?
The lucky ones.
Who's gonna see it there?
I've been thinking about getting tattoo. You know, a flower or something. On my ass.
It's okay.   It was a long time ago.
Sorry.   I didn't mean to pry.
No. I got it in prison. I went in for three years. When I came out she was married to my best friend. Happy?
You got it in a bar?
I don't remember.    I was drunk.
That's how you get to know someone.       Did it hurt when you got it?
You ask a lot of questions.
It looks old.     Did you get it a long time ago?
Something like that.
Did she break your heart?
Something like that.
Casandra. Old girlfriend?
They're not nice people.
So you arranged to have the people you worked for robbed?
The art world doesn't fully appreciate my talent yet. I needed some way to pay the rent. Laurant and Vincent pay well for information.
Just lucky I guess. How'd you start working for the Bastaldi's?
So, how did you get hooked up with these guys?
It belongs to Vincent Bastaldi. He left it last time he was here. I'm sure he wouldn't mind if you used it.
No, I like the bag. It would be good for the job tonight.
You like shoes?
Take a nap.
You ever hear of jet lag?
Tonight.
When do we go?
Thanks.
I wasn't expecting this many of you. I've got a few sleeping bags you can use.
I'll get you the papers tomorrow.
Okay.    Okay.
I don't know. Sell it. It's gotta be worth something. Someone gave it to me. C'mon Frankie, I'm trying to make good here.
For me? What am I going to do with a piece of shit like this?
It's for you.
Oh really? Thanks. I thought it was a sewing machine. What the hell is it doing here?
A car.
What's this?
What are you nuts? A debt is a debt. I was thinking I'd throw a little extra work your way. You know, you come down to the club, make espresso for the boys... wash their cars... run some errands... things like that.
You gonna forget about the money I owe you?
Yeah. I mean, you are my brother and... well I should have found another way of expressing my disappointment. So, I've decided to make it up to you.
A little?
I don't want anything. I just wanted to say... that I may have... overreacted a little the other day.
Yeah. I'm going home today.    What do you want, Frankie?
Yeah. I mean besides that.    They treating you all right? Food okay?
You broke my arm. How the hell do you think I'm doin'?
So, I just come by to see how you're doin'?
That's good.    That's what a stand-up guy does.
She doesn't know. She thinks I fell down the stairs.
She seems pleasant enough.
That's why we're only breaking one arm.
Jesus, Frankie, I'm your brother!
-- Shut up! Don't you try to make me feel bad about this. You knew what would happen to you if you didn't pay. This is on your head, not mine.  Break his arm.
Frankie, I --
Well, Li Mu Bai can do it.
I didn't have the heart.
She's crazy.  You should have killed her.
I'll go and make up his room!
Li Mu Bai is coming to stay the night.
Much better.  You've been gone so long.
How's the arm?  Still sore?
You're back!
Pardon me, but I doubt you can handle her.  My wife was quite a martial arts expert.  Jade Fox killed her.  So you see, this is personal.  Leave her to me.
Then leave her to me.
Yes.
This Jade Fox is a woman?
I'm looking for someone.  Jade Fox. I'm a police inspector from Shaan Xi, Gen Su district.  Jade Fox is a master criminal.  I hear she infiltrated the Yus.  She must have come with them when they transferred here.  But with Yu's reputation, I can't just go in and accuse her.
Why were you spying on the Yus?
I don't care about your sword.
Wait!  I'm a friend!
Who are you?
That's a risk I'm willing to take. Deep down, you're good.  Even Jade Fox couldn't corrupt you.
And if I use them to kill you?
I've always wanted a disciple worthy of Wudan's secrets.
Why do you want to teach me?
Why should I?  You need practice. I can teach you to fight with the Green Destiny, but first you must learn to hold it in stillness.
Go ahead.
Real sharpness comes without effort.
On guard!
Then tell me where Jade Fox is.
Stop talking like a monk!  Just fight!
Like most things, I am nothing. It's the same for this sword.  All of it is simply a state of mind.
Do you think you are a real master?
What's it to you?
Where's your master?
I do as I please.
Isn't it a bit too late to be out? You've brought me the sword?
Let's go!
Tell me, who is your master?
I'm just playing around.
My name is Li Mu Bai.  The Green Destiny is mine.  Jade Fox can't be your master.  Where did you learn that "Xuan Piu" move?
What's it to you?
Who are you?  Why is the Green Destiny in your possession?
Believe me, I've a lesson or two left to teach you!
Master... I started learning from you in secret when I was 10.  You enchanted me with the world of Giang Hu.  But once I realized I could surpass you, I became so frightened!  Everything fell apart. I had no one to guide me, no one to learn from.
If I hadn't seen you fight with Li Mu Bai, I'd still be ignorant of all you've hidden from me.
You wouldn't have understood, even if I had tried to explain.  You know... you've gone as far as you can go.  I hid my skills so as not to hurt you.
I studied the diagrams.  But you hid the details!
You think you've been teaching me all these years from the manual? You couldn't even decipher the symbols!
Yes, you do!  You are still my disciple.
I owe you nothing.
It's the Giang Hu fighter lifestyle... kill or be killed. Exciting, isn't it?
Shut up!
Wherever we want.  We'll get rid of anyone in our way.  Even your father.
That was just for fun.  How can I leave?  Where would I go?
You're already a thief.
I'll never live as a thief!
They wouldn't have found me if you hadn't stolen the sword.  Like a little girl, you thought stealing would be fun?  You, too, are responsible for that death.  Come with me.  You don't want to waste your life as the wife of some bureaucrat.  Denied your talent... As a master and disciple we will rule.
Why are you still here?  You killed a policeman.  You should leave! You'll bring ruin on my whole family.
You're home late... or should I say early?
He is my defeated foe!
Are you related to Li Mu Bai?
So what if I don't?
You don't seem to understand.
Don't bother.
In that case, perhaps we could be of assistance.
Long.
Hello.  What is your name?
I have a guest.
This spells trouble.
Autumn is coming.  I'll shut the windows for you.
It will be just the same.  Enough! I'm tired.
Go to bed then.  Miss has grown up, and is getting married soon.  God knows what the future will bring.
I'm tired now.
Don't invite danger into your father's house.
I'll socialize with whomever I please.
She's one of those.  Your mother would not want you consorting with her kind.
Do you know her?
I heard you met Shu Lien today.
Put them down.
I've made you silk pajamas.  Do you want to change into them?
Please sit.
Spare your energy.  I'll be back!
Take my horse and go to the compound. Give this to Mrs. Wu.  She'll help you.  Hurry!
She used Purple Yin... Purple Yin poison.  It goes straight to the heart.
You can't die!  Tell us what poison you used!  You can't die!  Tell us the antidote!  You can't let Li Mu Bai die!
Don't be a sore loser.  Go ahead. Take your pick.  I'll wait.  Go ahead.
Without the Green Destiny, you are nothing.
Come and get it if you can.
Don't touch it!  That's Li Mu Bai's sword.
What do I care?  You were never a real friend anyway.  But I wonder, how long could you last as my enemy?
How dare you accuse us?  I always knew you had stolen the sword! I've done nothing but protect you and your family.  And you're repaid me with nothing but contempt.  Li Mu Bai himself spared you, and all you do is insult him.  We wanted some peace and you've ruined it all! You're no sister of mine!
You're working together to set me up!  I'm leaving!
Li Mu Bai has made arrangements. He sent him to Wudan Mountain.
Where is he now?
He really loves you.  Come back to Peking with me.  We'll find a solution.
You know about Lo?
Go back to them first.  Then you can decide about Lo.
They forced me to marry!
Look at the trouble you've caused. Now you know what Giang Hu life is really like.  If you think of me as your sister, let me give you some sisterly advice.  You can run from marriage, but not your parents.
You, sister...
I was just passing by and wondered how you were.
I'll give them to you.
I'm just borrowing some clean clothes.  I'm not staying.
Here you must be in proper attire.
Yes, from the West.  He went undercover and and followed her here,
You say she killed a policeman?
Then as a sister, let me wish you happiness in your marriage.
Don't distance us.  From now on, let's be like sisters.
I am not an aristocrat, as you are... but I must still respect a woman's duties.
Too bad for Meng, but it's not your fault, or Li Mu Bai's.
His name was Meng Si Zhao.  He was a brother to Li Mu Bai by oath. One day, while in battle, he was killed by the sword of Li Mu Bai's enemy.  After, Li Mu Bai and I went through a lot together.  Our feelings for each other grew stronger.  But how could we dishonor Meng's memory?  So the freedom you talk about, I too desire it.  But I have never tasted it.
No, really?
Yes.  Did you know I was once engaged to be married?
About you and Li Mu Bai?
Do you think so?  Let me tell you a story.
Am I?  I wish I were like the heroes in the books I read.  Like you and Li Mu Bai.  I guess I'm happy to be marrying.  But to be free to live my own life, to choose whom I love... That is true happiness.
You are fornuate to marry into such a noble family.
I'm hardly doing a thing.  The less I think of it the better.  My parents are arranging everything. The Gous are a very powerful family. My marrying one will be good for my father's career.
Thank you for seeing me.  I hear your wedding day is near.  You must be overwhelmed by the preparations.
Please.
Maybe it is.  I wouldn't know.
You write gracefully.  Calligraphy is so similar to fencing.
I'll write your name.  Just for fun.
You're doing calligraphy?
I'm bored.
How so?
I've missed you.
You're probably right.
No!  You couldn't roam around freely if you were.
What do you think?
You're not married, are you?
So I heard.  Congratulations.  It's the most important step in a woman's life, isn't it?
You know what I mean.  I'm getting married soon, but I haven't lived the life I want.
Sure.  No place to bathe for days, sleeping in flea-infested beds... They tell you all about that in those books?
But you're just like the characters in the stories.
Writers wouldn't sell many books if they told how it really is.
I've read all about people like you. Roaming wild, beating up anyone who gets in your way!
Fighters have rules too: friendship, trust, integrity... Without rules, we wouldn't survive for long.
It must be exciting to be a fighter, to be totally free!
Really?
Yes, I am.  But I prefer the machete.  Certain moves, however, call for a sword.
You're a sword fighter too?
You're too young to understand.
Li Mu Bai!  The famous warrior? Why would he give his sword to Sir Te?
My friend Li Mu Bai.  He's given it to Sir Te as a gift.
Exquisite!  You said it belongs to...
Beautiful but dangerous.  Once you see it tainted with blood, its beauty is hard to admire.  It's 400 years old.
But I have had much practice.  As a child in the West, a platoon lived with us.  They'd let me play with their weapons.  The scabbard is so beautiful.
The handle is heavy.  And the blade is no ordinary metal.  Still, the sword is the lightest of weapons. You're just not used to handling it.
It's heavy for such a thin piece of metal!
All right.  Hurry.  I will hold on as long as I can.
The antidote exists.  She taught it to me.  The formula is simple, but it takes time to prepare.  Trust me. As you have helped me, let me help you.
Then you have no use for the sword.
Never!
Kneel!
Give it back!
All right.  If you can take back the sword in three moves, I'll go with you.
What I've always wanted, to teach you.
What do you want?
Only the sword will settle this.
Let's end this here.
Not another lecture!  On guard!
Stop it!  You don't deserve the Green Destiny.
Make a wish, Lo.
"A faithful heart makes wishes come true."
Do you remember the legend of the young man?
Don't ever come back.
Jen...
Go.
If you don't, I'll come after you. And I won't let you off so easy.
I will.
Keep it safe.  Return it to me when we are together again.
You must decide.  You might get tired of this life.  You might begin to miss your family.  If it were our daughter, we'd look for her too.  She would miss us.  Jen... I want you to be mine forever.  I will make my mark on the world.  I will earn your parents' respect. We have a legend.  Anyone who dares to jump from the mountain, God will grant his wish.  Long ago, a young man's parents were ill, so he jumped.  He didn't die.  He wasn't even hurt.  He floated away, far away, never to return.  He knew his wish had come true.  If you believe, it will happen.  The elders say, "A faithful heart makes wishes come true."
Don't send me back!
It is trouble for me.
Let them look.
Your father's men are still looking for you.  They're still out there, circling closer.
I am a man.  And now I've found the brightest star of all.
So you're still that little boy looking for shooting stars.
Out here, you always fight for survival.  You have to be part of a gang to stand a chance.  Slowly, your gang becomes your family.  All that Dark Cloud stuff is just to scare people and make my life easier.
And so, the little boy became a fearsome bandit.  He couldn't find the stars, so he stole my comb.
When I was a boy, one night, I saw a thousand shooting stars.  I thought, where did they all go? I'm an orphan.  I used to look for stars alone.  I thought if I rode to the other end of the desert, I'd find them.  I've been riding in the desert ever since.
Give it back.
I don't take orders from anyone.
Give me back my comb.
I'm sorry... I guessed wrong.  I though you were a Han.
By the way, I'm a real Manchurian.
Not true.  I can use it to pick fleas from my horse.
It's mine.  It means a lot to me. A barbarian like you wouldn't understand.
No more hitting on the head!  All this trouble for a comb?
Still in a bad mood?  At least you're speaking.  What's your name?
You coward!
You've got quite a temper.  It's better this way.
My comb!
Well, there used to be!  What's your name?  I'm Lo.  The Hans call me Dark Cloud.  I'm not that tall or big, but I'm quick as lightning.
You're tired.  You need rest.  Your horse needs water.  There's a creek up here.
Give it back!
Let's stop a moment.
With all the traffic on your rooftop these days... it took me a while to get in here.  I can't wait any longer.  I was wrong to let you go.  Come back with me.  You'll be happy in the desert.  You'll be free there.
You shouldn't have come.
Jen!
Lo?
I've already wasted my whole life. I want to tell you with my last breath... I have always loved you. I would rather be a ghost, drifting by your side... as a condemned soul... than enter heaven without you.  Because of your love... I will never be a lonely spirit.
Use it to meditate.  Free yourself from this world as you have been taught.  Let your soul rise to eternity with your last breath.  Do not waste it... for me.
My life is departing.  I've only one breath left.
Save your strength.
Shu Lien...
Mu Bai, hold on.  Give me some hope...
That can't be!  Everything has an antithesis!  Why not this?
My blood will soon reverse its flow. It's the same poison she used to kill my master.  There is no antidote.
We followed Jade Fox.
Jade Fox drugged her.  How did you get here?
What happened?
Not a bad idea.  Tonight we'll get a good night's sleep at headquarters.
I'll look around and catch up later.
What about you?
We're close to your headquarters. Go home and check in.
You're right, but I don't know what to do.  I want to be with you... just like this.  It gives me a sense of peace.
To repress one's feelings only makes them stronger.
Giang Hu is a world of tigers and dragons, full of corruption... I tried sincerely to give it up but I have brought us only trouble.
Your hand, rough and callused from machete practice... All this time, I've never had the courage to touch it.
Not everything is an illusion.  My hand... wasn't that real?
Shu Lien... The things we touch have no permanence.  My master would say... there is nothing we can hold on to in this world.  Only by letting go can we truly possess what is real.
All right.  I'll write you an introduction.  Take it to Wudan. Wait there for news from me.
Don't you want to see her again.
She's out there, but I doubt she'll show herself.  We'll keep our eyes open.  Sooner or later, she'll come for the girl.
You think Jade Fox will show up?
Just be patient with me, Shu Lien.
I wish there were something more I could do to help you.
I thought by giving away the sword, I could escape the Giang Hu world. But the cycle of bloodshed continues.
It's not our affair.  Even if Wudan accepts her, her husband might object.
For her, they might make an exception.  If not, I'm afraid she'll become a poisoned dragon.
But Wudan does not accept women.
That's not for her.  She should come to Wudan and become a disciple.
She's an aristocrat's daughter. She's not one of us.  In any case, it will all be over soon.  You'll kill Fox, and she'll marry.
She needs direction... and training.
I knew she would intrigue you.
You did your job well.  But, this girl... I saw her last night.
My job was to get the sword back, without embarassing anyone.  I wasn't about to ruin her life, or her father's.
True.  But I must borrow it for one last mission.  Jade Fox must die at its edge.  Did you know what you were hiding when you covered for that girl?
But it's not your sword anymore. You gave it to Sir Te.
I admit, getting it back makes me realize how much I'd missed it.
Well, we had talked...
Then, why did you come?
I don't know it was stolen until I got here.
What do you mean?  Didn't you come back here for it?
That's not what I meant.  I don't care about the sword.
No, I'd already sent them home. You can blame me for losing the sword, but please trust that I'll get it back soon using my own methods.
But your men are watching over Yu's compund?
No, not yet...
Have you questioned him yet?
It was Bo, Sir Te's man.  I hear he followed the thief to the Yus'.
It says Jade Fox is hiding at Yu's. On the night of the theft there was a brawl near Yu's.  Were you involved?
No.
Did you see who posted it?
Be careful.  Sir Te requires discretion.  Official business is difficult enough.  Don't let personal feelings make it worse. And I don't know... even this poster... could be some sort of trap.
So I shall avenge my master's death after all.
Is there any place safer than under the nose of Governor Yu?
I didn't think she'd dare come back to Peking!
You always suspected she'd fled to the West.
Jade Fox?  Impossible.
What have you discovered?
But something is going on at the Yu household.
Sir Te believes it's a ploy cast suspicion on Governor Yu.
Perhaps.
Join me once you have finished.  I can wait for you in Peking.
First I must visit my master's grave.  It's been many years since Jade Fox murdered him.  I have yet to avenge his death.  And yet I'm thinking of quitting.  I must pray for his forgiveness.
Come with me to Peking.  You can give the sword to Sir Te yourself. It'll be just like old times.
So what will you do now?
It's time for me to leave it behind.
You use it justly, you're worthy of it.
Too many men have died at its edge. It only looks pure because blood washes so easily from its blade.
I don't understand.  How can you part with it?  It has always been with you.
I am.  He has always been our greatest protector.
The Green Destiny Sword?  You're giving it to Sir Te?
Perhaps I could ask you to deliver something to Sir Te for me.
We're preparing a convoy for a delivery to Peking.
Something I can't let go of.  You are leaving soon?
What was it?
No.  I didn't feel the bliss of enlightenment.  Instead... I was surrounded by an endless sorrow.  I couldn't bear it.  I broke off my meditation.  I couldn't go on. There was something... pulling me back.
You were enlightened?
During my meditation training... I came to a place of deep silence... I was surrounded by light... Time and space disappeared.  I had come to a place my master had never told me about.
Why?  You're a Wudan fighter. Training is everything.
I left the training early.
The mountain must be so peaceful... I envy you.  My work keeps me so busy, I hardly get any rest.
Yes.
Monk Zheng said you were at Wudan Mountain.  He said you were practicing deep meditation.
Fine.
Good.  And how are you?
It has.  How's business?
Mu Bai...It's been too long.
I doubt it.  This thief... it very unusual...
Maybe the murderer and the thief are one and the same.
A female criminal!  Now that's news!
Yes.  The very killer of Li Mu Bai's own master.  Last night, she killed a policeman who had tracked her down.
A murderer?
No mercy will be shown toward the murderer who turned up in Peking.
But don't be too lenient.
Sir Te knows that even well-meaning people can make mistakes... that can bring ruin to themselves and their families.
That's good.  Sometimes the help can't keep their hands to themselves. It's very embarassing.
We know who stole the missing item. If the thief returns it, I'm sure Sir Te will pursue the matter no further.
I heard Sir Te lost something.  And now Madame Te's not feeling well...
I'm sorry she's not feeling well enough to receive you today.
Madam Te is certainly spoiling us with these wedding gifts.  She's being so considerate.
Father!  Let me avenge my mother's death.
If you surrender now, you'll suffer less.  But if you resist, I won't stop until you're dead.
"We'll settle this at midnight on Yellow Hill."  Good, the fox is out of her hole.
What does it say?
They're gone.
Father!
You're mistaken.  We're just street performers.  We were rehearsing.
We must avenge mother!
It's Jade Fox!
The best way to trap a fox is through her cubs.
What do you have in mind?
Sir Te, can you find some excuse to invite Madam Yu and her daughter?
This is a delicate matter.
We must be careful.  Governor Yu is a court official, and in charge of security.  Any disturbance will cast suspicion on him.  It might get Sir Te in trouble.
Then someone's trying to set him up. We should inform Li Mu Bai.
But the sword could be in his compound.
Yes, though I doubt he's involved in this.
Has Governor Yu ever seen the sword?
When it comes to emotions, even great heroes can be idiots.  Tell me if Li Mu Bai is not more open the next time you see him.  I'll give him an earful!
I beg your pardon.  Li Mu Bai and I aren't cowards.
Don't be coy.  I've always known about your feelings for each other. All these years, it's a shame... neither of you is brave enough to admit the truth to the other. You're both wasting precious time.
I don't know...
Li Mu Bai giving up his sword and his warrior days... maybe he's trying to tell you something?
Please, Sir Te, what is it?
Please do not be such a stranger. You'll stay the night as my guest. Now, Shu Lien... tell me something. And forgive me for prying.  Your father was a great friend to me, and I think of you as my own daughter.
You've always been so good to Li Mu Bai and me.  Please accept our thanks.
All right.  I'll act as the sword's custodian.
Sir Te!  It has brought him as much trouble as glory.  Help him to leave these troubles behind. Otherwise, he'll never be able to start anew.
This is Li's personal sword, a great hero's weapon!  He is the only one in the world worthy of carrying it.  It's too fine a gift. I cannot accept it.
I call it blood, Detective.  If you want, you can call it graffiti.
What in the hell... do you call that?
Who ever made that.
And you're gonna tell me who.
Was. ALBRECHT  This isn't Top Dollar's style anyway.  This was somebody else. Somebody new.
He was a runner for Top Dollar. Just muscle.
Don't any of your little pals have real, grown up names?
This sack of shit is called Tin- Tin.
You know, you sure got a hard-on for a guy that's guilty of zip on paper.  Top Dollar runs Showtime; what's the matter, don't you like adult entertainment?
Sure it coulda.  Funboy's not here, neither is T-Bird -- none of Top Dollar's number ones.
They make you fart.
No onions?
No onions though, okay?
I'm buying.
You buying?
Care for a hot dog?
Talent. Hi.
Thanks, babe.
Don't thank me.
Well, hello there...chocolate,
You gonna wind up working at a school crosswalk.   that doughnut's chocolate you, know.
Could be.
I knew that.
Don't thank me.  Your ass is already in enough trouble for this shit.
Double homicide.  A year ago. Las Halloween.
Just don't tell me you "owe me one."  What file?
This is special, darlin'.  Please?
Speak up.  Clear it with the Captain if you need a file.
Annie, I need a file.
Whatever it is, the answer's no, Eddie.  I'm too busy tonight.
You're bleeding, man.  You can't make it.
Don't interfere.
The hell you say.  This isn't just about you any more.
Leave here.  Don't do this.  I don't want you here.
You're welcome.
This isn't your place.  This isn't your fight.  And I don't need your help.
You sorta looked like you might need my help.
No.  I have one more thing to do.
How 'bout the morgue?
They couldn't do anything for me.
Right.  You sure I can't just take you to the emergency ward?
I mean, I've done what I came to do.  It shouldn't hurt this much. But it will pass...
It's only fourteen or fifteen flesh wounds.
It's only a flesh wound.
Yeah, among others.  Hey, man -- you're hit.
Funboy had to leave this mortal coil.
It's done. ALBRECHT I figured as much.  Did you cap off Funboy.
My pleasure. ERIC Don't smoke these.
Thank you.  For giving a damn.
I should be trying to stop you.
Halloween is coming, soon.  You will have Top Dollar if you watch for me at the Showtime, tomorrow night.
Thirty hours.  A day of life, plus change...
I'm sorry as hell, man.
My name.
The venom of bad memories.  You were there; you saw her.  I saw you seeing her.
You okay, man?  I mean, what just happened.
You went out the window.  She was beaten and raped.  She died in the hospital.
I need you to tell me what you remember.  What happened to us?
You died, man.  I can't believe it but here you are.  Last year, you and your girlfriend --
I saw it, too.
You, my friend, are dead.  I saw your body.  You got buried.
The others are called Skank, T- Bird.  Street names.  Funboy.  Watch me, office Albrecht.
Fucking A, my friend.
I know Top Dollar has turned your streets into his hell.
You don't say.
Listen:  Top Dollar.  He "owns the street here."  He will "erase my ass."
You must listen carefully:  the Fire Department will be here soon. There is an injured man in the alley who needs assistance.  As Shelly Webster once needed your assistance, and as you are shortly going to need my assistance.
Are you nuts, walking into a gun?
No further.  I'm serious.
And I say I'm dead... and I move.
It can't rain all the time.
At least it finally stopped raining.
We'll discuss this later. Obviously.  You left the door open.
He was a present.  Besides, we're moving anyway.  You said.
I was wonderin' where you'd gotten to --  Oh, Elly, honey, a cat.  Here?
I lost my key.
I told you you're not supposed to come in here.
Mom --?
Not me.
Fun, he's not going away; he's scaring the piss outta me!
It's just the dope, don't worry
Fun -- look at that guy...
Oh wow, oh wow, don't fucking do that, man.  I nearly had a fucking heart attack.
Out.  Now.  I gotta work.
Hey, Darla -- before we die of old age, how about it --?
You mean you'll, like' dig your way out of the grave?  Euww.
I don't know if I can.  But you have this... and you know where to come.
You're not gonna come back, are you?
In a better place.  I hope.
Now do you get to see her? Shelly, I mean.
And she'll be alive.  Up here.
Shelly would've wanted you to have it.  This way, you'll think of her every time you see it...
I think he's yours, now.
I remember him!  Here, Gabriel... here kitty... Gabriel... Is he still yours?
Elly...
She's dead.  She's gone.  And now you're just gonna go away and never come back, too.  I hate this place; it isn't fair.
You brought flowers.  As long as you don't forget her, Elly, she lives.
A remembrance.  A closure.
What's going on...?
I have to go.
You gotta go now, I bet.
No.
Do you feel okay.
No name.  You sure ask a lot of questions.
Does she have a name?
Can you play "Teddy Bears' Picnic?"  It used to be her favorite.
I can pick out a tune now and again.
He has a room, upstairs.  I don't like him very much.
Mister Funboy lives there?
Mister Funboy.
Who?
My mom works over there.  I'm waiting for her, but she's probably with him, right now.
I dabble.  May I?
You look like a rock star without a job.
Oh.
Mom tried to cook.
Chili dog for breakfast... it's original.
She's still dead.
Well, how's your friend?
I went to see a friend of mine.
What's goin' on, Elly?
I need to find him kind of soon, Elly.
You buying?  He kinda wanders around.  You'll see him if you pay attention.
Right.
I'm looking for a good guitar man.
You're not a cop, either.  What do you want him for?
I'd like to get in touch with him.
I don't know you.
I know your friend, too -- the one that looks like a rock star.
Victims.  Aren't we all.
Holy shit... you're dead, man...
I don't know you...
I want you to tell me a story, Tin-Tin.
Hey, I got my rocks off, so fuck you in the ass, man.
You cut her.  You raped her.  You watched!
Last Halloween, eh?  Yeah...  Yeah, I remember.  I fucked her too, I think.
A year ago.  Halloween.  A man and a woman.  In a loft.  You helped to murder them.
Murderer.
Little early from trick-or-treat, homie.  This dick trying to bushwack me.
Rowdy.  Let me fill in some gaps for you.
I never forget anything, dickhead. That building was a sweep-and- clear; the bitch was a nuisance with her goddamned petition.  It got a little rowdy... end of story.
You don't even remember...
Who gives a fuck!  I'm a businessman.  You gonna do me, then do me and shut you're face!
It's yesterday!  Do you know what you destroyed?
That's ancient history.
A year ago.  A very nice lady circulated a petition.  She died. Last Halloween.  Answer yes or no.
Take the dope, too.
Do you know what you destroyed?
Five large, in the drawer right over there.  I never saw you.
Top Dollar, you're the only one here still wasting good air...
A whole club of pirates, with pirate names...
Like the car.  He hangs out with Skank. that little ass-hair, and they hang at the Pit -- hell, Funboy lives there.  Ask Top Dollar.
T-Bird?
You want those assholes, you want Top Dollar.
Another jolly nickname?
Top Dollar.
Wrong answer.
I ain't got no fuckin' ring.
Cute nickname, don't you think?
I took yours from you.  Your little girlfriend?  I took hers, too.  Your meaningless, petty life?  I took it so that tonight your existence might gain a purpose.  You're no avenger. You're mine.
And how many lives have you destroyed?
I don't believe that. Lao motions to Grange with the killing blade.  Grange RELAXES his deathgrip on the crow.  MOVE IN CLOSE on Eric so we may perceive a palpable degree of relief.
You're too late.  There was a guy outside - on the stairs - you really need to talk to.  But he turned to dust and blew away.  I don't have any power for you to take.
Sooner or later, my action were destined to bring me a genuine Fury.  And it turned out to be you. At last.  I appreciate your abilities as few mortals can. That's why I desire them.
I know.  That is why I will prevail.  Mr. Grange... ?
I want the girl.  Unharmed.  Now.
I wish to possess what you have now.
Of course you can. ANGLE - GRANGE IN THE GALLERY --  in darkness.  The running lights on his night-scoped, laser-sighted sniper's rifle which THROWS vague sprays of eerie red and green light.
I can see her.
I believe our friend Elly call you Mister Crow.  Please acknowledge; the mike will pick you up.
Your pain ends now.
No, wait, no WAIT, that's too much, man, that's like overkill, nobody can take that much, you're wasting it -- !
Does it hurt?!  You dead-ass, clown-faced fuck, of course it fucking hurts!  What the shit are you gonna do about this?!
Does it hurt?
Owwwaaaa -- fuck me!  Look what you did to my sheets, you lame piece'a shit!  AAAAaa!  Goddd!
Yeah, I got a more fun idea myself.
Neither.
Magic.
How the hell did you do that?
Very well, it's your ass.
Don't waste my time.
I'm already alone.
You'll be alone.
Fine with me.
Do this thing and you will be vulnerable.  The blood will not return.  No powers.  No reunion.  Nothing.
Tell me I'll get hurt.  That I might die.  I've already done that.  I don't need anyone's help.  Yours included.
Your job is done.  You interfere with the living again.
Maybe I was wrong about you.
Shut up.
You need to learn to mind your own business or you'll never get where you think you're going.
Go away.
Getting a little ambitious and extracurricular, aren't we?
You work for the dead.  Forget that, and you can forget it all.
Bugger off to the graveyard, skull- face, I'm busy.
Glad to see you're finally with the program.
Leave me alone -- !
Get it?
Kill the men who killed you both, and the Day of the Dead will be your reunion.
Yes.
Miss her?
Shelly?
Having fun yet?  No?  I'll give you a hint.  Remember whatshername?
Interested?  Follow the crow.
What the hell are you?
Yeah, I know, fatso.  Do us all a favor.  Make Top Dollar smile.
What's this -- a little, ah, bloodstain, right?  Fifty bucks for the box, and I'm doin' you a --
Leather purse...
Nineteen bucks at Sears.  Fake,
...necklace... pearls...
18k.  Crap.
Coupla more rings... 24k.
Whoa, hey, whoa.  Business.
Blow yourself, bigmouth.
Move in, guys.
No shooting.
I've got him if you want him.
Is he inside?
We've got company.
Kill a dead guy?
Who is only invulnerable so long as he cares about the dead.  When he begins to care about the living, you'll find his heart can bleed... and I want it to bleed for me.
Only thing you'll get from that clown is a faster way to die. LAO To the contrary...
Mmm.  But tonight I can take what is his.
Like some sort of zombie on a revenge trip.
Do you know of spirit assassins? You do know the dead can rise? Properly motivated, of course.
Not a Plymouth Fury, I bet.
I intend no slight to you, but I cannot find the English to adequately express just what he is.  I suppose Western mythology would describe him as a Fury.
Give me a break.  That guy's a wacko...
Extremely so.  You and I are the recipients of unwanted good fortune, in the form of a man everyone is calling The Crow.
That thing is poisonous.
This is a cobra, Mr. Grange.  Yes, it is real.
What... the hell is that?
No.  I saw a guitar.  This isn't some rock-n-roller you forgot to pay, is it?  There was a drawing on the wall that looked like a bird.  In blood.
Did you see an animal of any kind? Did you see a bird?
Your comprehension is not required.  Your cooperation and, indeed, your ability are the issues on the table.
Nice speech.  What's it supposed to mean?
Do you think this childish machismo impresses me?  When I was a boy in Saigon I watched my country change one block at a time,  one building at a time.  Whole lives erased.  A way of life, polluted.  Today, no one forces me to move.  I use my powers to change your country, one block at a time,  one building at a time.
The night is young.
Come now.  You've seen the graffiti -- all over the city in the few hors it has taken your men to drop like plague victims. What about your turf, Top?  You don't seem to have ripped out anyone's heart yet.
"Our" Crow...?
Sounds like our "Crow" is out-maneuvering you.
To be sure.  Now tell how your friend died.
Anybody violates my turf -- our turf -- I'll rip out there heart and show it to 'em.
I know of no one.  But even if there is, I am sure it is nothing outside your capacity to deal with?
I was wondering if you could tell me anything... about a wildcat operative.
I had heard something like this.  Describe it for me.  The "hit".
One of mine.  And it wasn't a standard hit.
Who got himself what?
Bad news.  Alot of action on the streets tonight, and nobody bothered to clear it with me.  Tin- Tin got himself whacked.
An unexpected pleasure.
I know.
You can't do this to me. It could ruin me.
Actually, I was planning on running down to Kinkos. Do you think you could give me ride?
You didn't show it to anybody?
His journal. He sent it to me the day before he died. Everything about you is in it. The blow jobs, the hand jobs, the menages, your bout with bulimia, the affair you had with your guidance counselor and how he gave you... eww. Let's see, then there's your coke problem... You still keep it in your crucifix, don't you? It's all in there.
You what?
I have his journal.
Sebastian was a pathological liar. I wouldn't believe a word he -
Kathryn, I know all about you and Sebastian.
Who the hell do you think you are coming into my house and saying those things to me. My brother is dead, have some respect.
You heard me.
Excuse me?
Oh cut the shit, Kathryn.
Look, I know this sounds corny, but whenever I feel like I can't go on I...  turn to Jesus and he helps me through the problem. Call me an anachronism, but -
Thank you.
Well, I'll leave you alone now. I just came in here to get something of mine.
I'll be fine.
Are you okay?
I'm sure you're going to love it there.
That's right.
Now I remember. Annette Harrison. Your father's the new headmaster at Oakwood.
You might say that.
Did you know Sebastian well?
I don't think so.
Have we met?
Annette Harrison.
I'm Kathryn.
Okay...
On my mother's life.
You promise not to say anything?
Now it's my job to look out for you. You're like a kid sister to me. Do I look like some kind of gossip queen?
Forever.
Annette, how long have we known each other?
I can't tell you. I'm sworn to secrecy.
From who?
I don't know. I've been hearing some awful things about him.
Well, a lot of people are jealous cause he's loaded.
What do you mean?
Not a whole lot. We take some classes together. He's got a bad rep, but it's mostly bullshit.
No. I mean. I don't know.  What else do you know about him?
Is there a mutual feeling between you two?
Nothing.
That's not his style. one thing I can say about Valmont. He always speaks the truth.
Really? I thought he said it all the time.
He told you he's failing in love with you? I've never known him to say those words before.
What, your virginity? Well that's over now.
But you knew this was important to me.
You don't even know me. The fact of the matter is there is some one I love. She's smarter, prettier... you don't even compare to her. The only reason I am here is because she wants us to be exclusive.
You don't know how to love.
I'm just being honest. I just wanted to see what you were like in bed.
Why are you trying to hurt me?
I know. I wish I felt the same. Unfortunately, I feel nothing. I think it was just the conquest. Sorry, I'm completely fucked up.
I love you.
Why aren't you understanding?
What are you saying?
It's not you, it's me. I'm completely fucked up.
Yeah, me neither.
This isn't working out for me anymore.
Sure.
Would you like a tour?
Hi.
Hi.
It was perfect.
I'm fine. I have to get going to my friends' house.  Was it --
Hi.
Hi.
Get off me.
Please don't go.
Oh please Annette. You spend all your time preaching about waiting for love. Well here it is. Right in front of you, but you're going to turn your back on it. I'm sorry that we're not at the age where we can get married. If we were, I'd propose, but that's not going to happen. So I guess we're just fucked. I'll move on, but you... you're going to have to live with yourself knowing you've turned your back on love. And that makes you a hypocrite.
How am I a hypocrite?
Well, I'm afraid you don't have a choice in the matter. You make me sick. You're a hypocrite and I don't associate with hypocrites.
Sebastian, please. I don't want us to end on bad terms.
Good for you.
I think that's for the best.
Back to the city. I may take off to Europe for the rest of the summer. I just can't handle it around here.
Where are you going?
I just came to say goodbye.
It's because I don't trust myself with you.  I took a vow and because of you I'm tempted to break it. Don't destroy that for me. Please.
Yes.
You really want to know?
Why can't we be together?
That's not fair.
Then what's wrong? I love you Annette. It's not like you have a husband, unless your married to Jesus.
I have feelings for you.
I can't handle it. I can't keep my feelings bottled up like you. Can you honestly tell me that you feel nothing for me? ... Tell me!
I thought you said we were going to be friends.
Because I'm in love with you.
Why are you doing this?
You know what? I don't take it back.
You are very pretty. I would like to kiss you.
Bonjour Monsieur Philipe.
You don't know Monsieur Philipe?
Who's Monsieur Philipe?
My friend Monsieur Philipe is a friend of Florentino.
Not at all. Have a seat.
Am I bothering you?
No?
No.
Oh dear, are you actually laughing?
Fine.
I am lighten. Can we drop this?
Lighten up.
I do not.
It's not about winning. You know what your problem is? You take yourself way too seriously.
I can't win with you.
No, it doesn't. I'm happy you're being honest with me.
Yes it does.
That's okay. It doesn't make you a bad person.
I did. We played three games of backgammon and...
You're going to tell me that you had a good time with the old lady.
I don't.
You must take me for a real idiot.
I do.
"I actually feel good about myself?"
What?
Oh please.
It's weird. I actually feel good about myself. Can we do this again next week?
Babe, you're looking at the next Mother Teresa.
Okay.
I don't know? Maybe I'd like it. I'm trying to change here. You could be supportive.
You? Volunteer? I don't think so.
Need any company?
I'm doing some volunteer work.
Alone again.  What are you up to today?
I will.
Sure. Have a good night.
You're not gonna start that again.
Yeah, it's pretty relevant considering my situation.
Somerset Maugham.
Of Human Bondage.
What are you reading?
Reading.
What are you doing?
Okay?
Wait, don't hang up.
Well, I was just calling to tell you I was thinking about you and I miss you. I'll let you go.
It wasn't a date. He's just a friend.
How was your date?
I'm... I'm alright.
Well, I was just calling to see how you're doing.
No, not at all.
It's not about being happy. You and I can't -
I'll leave this afternoon. Happy?
If that's a problem, then I'll make arrangements to stay with some friends.
What?
Alright.  I want you to leave and go back to New York.
Without question.
And you promise to abide by it?
Yes.
You truly want to do something to make me happy?
Tell me what to do, Annette. How can I win your heart. I'll do anything. I can't get you out of my mind.
That's also none of your business.
Doing what?
I'm busy.
How about tonight?
That's none of your business.
Who?
I can't. I'm seeing a friend.
Ouch. Do you think we could spend some time together this morning?
Yes, but only when it's mutual. And this is far from mutual.
Don't you believe in love at first sight?
You don't even know me.
Well try this one on for size. I think I'm falling in love with you.
I'm sorry, but I'm not here to be your savior.
I'm trying to better myself, but the one person who can help me is the same one pushing me away.
And that's a bad thing?
Yes, well unfortunately I can't just switch the "on" button to "off." The sad fact of the matter is that you've unintentionally rubbed off on me.
I thought we agreed that we were going to be friends.
I wish I could say the same for myself. I was up thinking about you all night.
It was fine.
I said I was sorry.
I'm not going to speak to you till you realize that you can't intimidate me.
Oh right, last night. I guess I owe you an apology.
Give it up.
How are you today?
No thank you.
Need a lift?
What's the big deal? We're friends. Haven't you ever seen your friends naked before?
That's repulsive.
It's my house.
You're naked.
Fine. Friends it is. I can live with that.
I'm sorry, but you're not my type.
You don't find me cute? Come on, look at these muscles.
I don't... I don't want to answer that... look we're friends.
Do you deny that there's an attraction between us?
Because you act like a pig.
Why not?
Look, I'm flattered but, seriously it could never work.
I wasn't kidding. I'd like to take you out.
Shut up.
Seriously, you're amazing. You have everything going for you.  You're smart, you're beautiful, you're determined. You're everything I want in a girlfriend.
Thank you.
No, it's okay. I mean I look at you with all your morals and values and well, YOU seem to be happy in your choices. I envy you. No bullshit.
Look, I didn't mean to give you a hard time.
You implied it.
I never said that.
About what you said today in the stable. I'm not a happy person.
About what?
Refreshing.
How's the water?
Is that the last thing you need? My your clever.
The last thing I need is you going into my room searching for this while I'm away.
Give me the fucking letter.
I sincerely doubt it.
You know you could at least have the decency of telling me who's badmouthing me so I might have the opportunity to confront them face to face. How do you know it's not some girl who's pissed off at me for breaking up with her?
This is my favorite part.  Even more treacherous and dangerous than he is charming and fascinating. He has never taken a single step or spoken a single word without some dishonorable or criminal intention. Every young girl he has successfully pursued has regretted it.
What? Another letter from your friend?
You know it amazes me that someone as bright as you can be so horrible.
Thank you.
Give me a minute. I'll be right down.
Please.
Gee, with an invitation like that how could a girl refuse.
Oh come on. Quit acting like a geriatric and get in the pool.
At this hour? I don't think so.
Why don't you come join me for a swim and we'll discuss it.
You need help.
That's a matter of opinion.
Romantic? He rapes her.
Several times. I'm not as dumb as I act, you know. When Howard Roark makes love to Dominique Francon... most romantic scene in all of literature.
You've read The Fountainhead?
Great book.
The Fountainhead.
What'cha reading?
Look, I know this is your house and all, but do you think you couid keep it down? I'm trying to read.
You talking to me?
Excuse me. Excuse me!
Alright, I said I was sorry.  Can we start over again? I think we've gotten off on the wrong foot.
Look, I've got a lot of problems and I'm trying to deal with them and the last thing I need is people spreading shit about me.
Why are you being so dramatic?
Fine, forget it. It's obvious that we're not going to be friends.
It's not really important.
Who the hell is taking the time to write letters, spreading this shit about me?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you... but you still didn't answer the question.
Well maybe you should get to know the person before you judge them instead of listening to some bullshit gossip.
A friend wrote me.
How do you know I've been with several women?
Take yourself. You've slept with several women. Are you happier because of it?
Oh really?
I wasn't knocking anything. It's just my belief that people shouldn't actually experience the act of love until they are in love and that people our age are too immature to be in touch with those emotions.
Most people are morons. I mean who are you to knock what you've never experienced?
That's a first. Most people praised me for it.
I must say I found it rather appalling.
You did?
I read your teen beat manifesto.
I was just being honest. You happen to have a nice ass. Sorry.
Are you often this offensive on a first encounter?
No.
You a lesbo?
I don't know. Relationships seem too distracting. I'd rather concentrate on my studies.
Why not?
No.
Got a boyfriend back home?
Junior.
So what year are you going into?
Doesn't ring a bell.
German.
Schwarz. Jewish?
Ben Schwarz.
I'm familiar with a lot of breeders in the mid-west. What's his name?
My Grandpa, used to breed horses on his farm so I would come over and ride all the time.
I'm sorry about that.
My mother and I used to ride a lot, before she got sick.
Thank you, Annette. Chance Hill has been with my family for over sixty years. Does your family do much riding?
It's a beautiful home you have here Mrs. Rosemond.
Alright, I believe you. Stop crying. Your secret's safe with me.
I think he's telling the truth Valmont. Greg couldn't write a grocery list let alone a letter.
No problem. Just make sure your front door is unlocked. Shall we say the "stroke of midnight" no pun intended?
Don't think it's not going to cost you.
Outstanding.
Hmmm. I do believe Bravo is showing Spartacus on television tonight.
Really. You think you could arrange a little get together with him tonight on my behalf?
Not anymore. Football team started practice last week. He's already called me to hook up.
Too bad he's in Kansas this summer.
I shit you not. McConnell used to sneak in my dorm room drunk every month. We'd go at it for a while, then as soon as he'd cum, he starts freaking out. You know -  "What are you doing, man? I'm not a fag. I'll kick your ass if you say anything."  It's like, for Christsakes Greg, you're gay, deal with it. The only reason why I let him continue with his charade is because he's got a mouth like a Hoover.
Are you shitting me?
Let's just say Greg likes tackling tight ends on and off the field.
What do you mean?
I don't think that bothered him.
It would make sense. McConnell hates me. I fingered his girlfriend at the game last year.
He's from Kansas City. I wouldn't be surprised if he was your rat.
The football stud?
Greg McConnell.
Kansas. Who the hell do I know in Kansas?
Where did you say she's from?
Blaine, if I knew who it was that person wouldn't be alive right now.
Any ideas who it could be?
- wrote a letter to this chick and saying shit about me.
- none taken -
Unbelievable. Some fag, no offense -
Absolutely.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Well, I guess it's getting late. Please thank Kathryn for the use of her Steinway.
Doctor King is my favorite.
It's based on the life of Doctor Martin Luther King.
Ronald is one of the few high school students attending Juliard. He's composing his first opera.
Relax. It's okay. Take a deep breath.
Oh, I suck. I suck.
Okay.
Well hurry up. I want to be at Mrs. Rosemond's before lunch.
I'm in the bath, mom.
Don't you raise your voice at me. Go to your room, now.
Those are my letters!
Margarita found them while cleaning your room.
Where did you find those?
Cecile, is that the best you can do?  You must forgive her, Kathryn. She's never been in a co-educational atmosphere before.
What are the boys like?
Cool.
That's one way of looking at it.
It's like a secret society.
Cecile, everybody does it. It's just that nobody talks about it.
But that would make me a slut.  Wouldn't it?
So? Don't you want to make Ronald a happy pappy? Practice makes perfect, Cecile. My advice is to sleep with as many people as possible.
I don't love him. I love Ronald.
Now listen. Now that you're on your way, it would be stupid of you to stop. Think of Sebastian as a tutor. Let him instruct you.
I am?
I'm so proud of you. You're becoming a woman.
I did?
Cecile, you had an orgasm.
Well... I don't know - it was weird. At first it felt icky, then it felt kind of okay. Then, I started getting really hot and then I started shaking and then like, I don't t know... it felt like an explosion, but a good one.
Well did you like it?
What do I do then?
Cecile, I think you're going to have a hard time crying rape if that's all he did.
If that's what you call it.
Well what then?
No.
He made you give him a blow job.
Well... not exactly.
So, let me get this straight. You came over to our house late last night and he forced intercourse on you.
I don't know.
Why didn't you do something?
If she knew, she'd kill me. It happened at your house last night.
Does your mother know?
It involves your brother. He... took advantage of me.
Cecile, you have to tell me.
I... I don't think you want to know.
What do you mean?!
Something awful happened last night.
Calm down. Tell me what's wrong.
It's Kathryn.
Who is it?
Best friends.
Of course I would. We're friends, right?
You'd do that for me?
Cecile if there's one thing I'm great at it's love letters. With my help, he'll be eating out of the palm of your hand. Perhaps we can arrange a little get together for the two of you at my house.
Why?
I want you to make me copies of his letters and bring them to me.
Yes. They're in this antique doll house in my room.
Did you hide the letters?
Okay.
Listen to me. Your mother must never know. Never.
I do like him. I can't stop thinking about him.
Cecile, we just made out in the middle of Central Park. You can trust me.
I don't know.
Well do you like him?
No.
That's so romantic. Have you responded?
Is it that obvious?
Oh come on Cecile. He's crazy about you.
What are you saying?
Maybe you should try it on your friend Ronald sometime.
That was cool.
Eyes closed.
Okay.
Let's try it again, only this time I'm going to stick my tongue in your mouth. When I do that I want you to massage my tongue with yours. That's what first base is.
It was nothing.
See that wasn't so bad.
I guess. It still sounds gross.
Do you want to learn or not?
Are you for real?
It's not gross. How else do you think girls learn? Here turn around and face me.
Eww. No. That's gross.
Haven't you ever practiced with one of your girlfriends?
Ah duh. Boys. I've never even gone to first base with a guy. What do I do?
What are you scared of?
You think so? I don't know. I guess I'm just scared.
That's great.
What a loser she must be.  Anyhow, Court's invited me to the Hamptons for Labor Day Weekend.
Really? Bulimic headcase.
He's alright.  He kept talking about this bulimic headcase he dumped over Fourth Of July.
So, rumor has it that you went on a date with Court Reynolds. I hear he's very nice.
Thanks.  Nice meeting you.
I'll call you later and we'll get together and plan your curriculum.
I was thanking her. Vietnamese is such a beautiful language.
What was that?
Prude.
Good night Cecile.
Want a blow job?
No.
Need any company?
I'm taking a shower.
Where are you going?
No, you were fine.
Is it me?
You think?
I'm sorry.
Cecile. This is what I like to call quiet time. This is time when we reflect on what we've done.
I like it better when I'm on top.
For the first time, yes. It'll pass.
Am I suppose to be this sore?
Some other time, Cecile.
Want to join me?
I don't want to kiss you here. I want to kiss you there.
But -
You promised to let me kiss you.
What are you doing?
I swear.
Just a kiss, right?
Of course. I'm not a monster.
And then I can go home?
Cecile, all I want to do is give you a kiss.
Please please please. I'll do anything. Just don't call my mom.
Why not? ... Oh wow, she doesn't know you're here. In fact, you're grounded. Jesus, you could get in a shitload of trouble for this. I think I should call her anyway.
My mom? Don't call my mom.
Okay, okay. I'll just call your mom and have her come pick you up.
I want to go home.
I was just kidding.
I want to go home.
I'm sorry that was out of line.
Mmmm, you're right. Those clothes don't do you justice. Why don't you take them off.
I look terrible.
Just taking your photo.
What are you doing?
He'll love it.
You think he'll like it?
Excellent.
It is, unless you're a fuck up, like myself.
But I thought high school is only four years.
I'm what you would call a fifth year senior.
What year are you in?
How are things down under? Blossoming I hope.
My father just took me on a trip to Australia.
Would you please leave.
What, nervous I'm going to win?
Good luck, Sebastian.
Really? Care to make a wager on that?
Don't even think about it. Rachel is an exceptionally well rounded young woman, who happens to be attending Princeton this fall. She's way too smart to fall for your line of b.s.
Yummy.
My daughter, Rachel.
Well, you don't have to get nasty about it.
I hope for your sake you grow out of this immature phase. It's going to get you into trouble.
You do?
No it doesn't. I see right through you.
It works a little.
You think you can come in here with that cute little smirk on your face and try and flirt with me. It doesn't work, Sebastian.
Don't be insecure, Doc. You're a big help.
This isn't a joke. Your parents spend a lot of money to send you here. I'm trying to help you.
Why? I like spending time with you. You know, you're quite attractive for a woman your age. You have killer legs. Killer.
No. This is going to be our last session.
Same time next week?
I think that's all the time we have for today.
Let me tell you something, doctor. Chicks love a guy with a bad rap. They say they don't, but they don't mean it. They all think that they're the ones that are going to "save me." The trick is to let them think it's true.
Don't you want to change that?
I do.
But you said you have the worst reputation.
I know.
And you haven't made an ounce of progress.
I know.
Jesus. We've been at this for six months.
I don't know. He was just so charming. All he did was talk about how I had killer legs and how we wanted to photograph them. Things just got out of hand from there.  Mom? Are you there? Mom?  Mother!!!!
Jesus Christ, how can you be so stupid?
Nudie pictures, what do you think?
Would you cut the psycho babble bullshit, mom. There's pictures of me on the internet.
Alright honey, just calm down, take a deep breath, and step out of the circle.
You don't know him. I'm so stupid.
Who told you?
He told me he loved me and I believed him.
Honey, is something wrong?
Hi, mom.
Grand Central. You better not be fucking with me cause it's your ass on the line.
Alright. She's staying with some friends of her parents. The O'Sheas. She caught the train twenty minutes ago into Grand Central.
One.
I told you I don't know.
McConnell, I'm gonna out your ass in two seconds if you don't tell me where she is.
I don't know. Why don't you leave her alone.
Where is she?!
No.
Sebastian, you faggot. Is she with you?
Who is this?
Is she with you?
I'll be in touch.
She bought it.
Pretty sure or sure sure?
I'm pretty sure she did.
And you think she bought it?
Yes!
You told her that people are jealous cause I'm loaded?
Yes!
You told her I never said I love you before?
Yes.
Did you do everything I asked you to?
Positive.
I swear on my life, I never said a word to her about you.
Come on Greg. You're the only one who knows her. The truth will save you.
Annette Harrison? I don't know what you're talking about.
Your career? What about your family? Can you imagine the humiliation your father's going to feel when he finds out his pride and joy is a fudge- packer.
Please don't tell anyone. This could ruin my career.
-- really drunk and blah blah blah blah blah.
I told you to lock the door.
Whoa!
Get out of here.
Greg, is that you under the covers?
Jesus!
Hey Blaine, did I leave my... holy shit.
Baby?  Right on time.
Oh baby... oh baby...
Don't worry about it. I'll stay.
Will you stay here for the night? You can leave in the morning. That's when my parents get back and --
He doesn't scare me. I'll kick his ass in.
I'd be careful if I were you. God knows what he's up to.
Racist piece of shit.
It's been going on for a while.  Then he called me a disgrace to our family and that's when he hit me.
And this happened before you and I hooked up?
And when I confronted him about his affair with Cecile he told me it was none of my business. Then when I said "Well what about Ronald," he said you were nothing more than a stupid... the n word and that you deserved what you got...
I'll be right there.
I think he's high on drugs. He hit me, then took off. I'm afraid to be alone. Please come over.
What do you mean?
It's Sebastian. He's out of his mind.
What's wrong?
No.
Hi Kathryn. Is everything okay?
It's Kathryn.
Yeah?
Ronald?
Hello.
But I can't even see her. She doesn't have her own phone, I don't even know her e-mail address.
What do you do? Tell her you love her.
Likewise I'm sure.
Pleased to meet you.
War it is.
I think you have your answer.
Then I will consider it a declaration of war. One. Two... three.
And if I don't?
I'm giving you to the count of three to plop your ass down on the bed.
Get out!
I don't care what you said, we had an agreement. You've slept with half of the borough so don't tell me you're being choosy.
Didn't you hear what I said?
Get out? We had an arrangement.
I accept. Now get out.
I'm very sorry about that. I apologize.
Fine! Get off me!
Will you calm down?
Get off me!
I'm sorry, but unfortunately I don't fuck losers.
In any event, you still owe me my reward.
You were very much in love with her and you're still in love with her. But it amused me to make you ashamed of it. You gave up on the first person you ever loved because I called you names. Don't get me wrong, I'm flattered that you chose me over her, but please understand, I never loved you, Sebastian. You're just a toy. A little toy I play with. And now you've completely blown it with her. I think that's the saddest thing I've ever heard.  Cheers.
Come again?
Silly rabbit. My triumph isn't over her. It's over you.
Not my choice of toast, but it's your call. To your triumph over Annette.
To my triumph, of course.
Thank you. Now, where were we?
Well done.
Not that it's any of your business but yes.
Ronald?
I'd love to, but unfortunately I'm expecting some company.
I thought we should celebrate.
Well done.
Devastated beyond repair. I doubt she'll ever trust a man again.
Annette?
You wanted an answer to your question.
Mind if I ask what you're doing in my room?
I have a flair for drama.
A little melodramatic, don't you think.
I knew this guy last summer in the Hamptons. He and his girlfriend at the time were madly in love with each other. But she had this huge weight problem. His friends taunted him mercilessly about it. You know, "How do you breathe when she sits on your face?" "It's embarrassing for you to be seen with her." Finally he couldn't take it anymore and decided to dump her. She flipped and he went on the defensive. I distinctly remember him saying the same thing over and over again. "I'm completely fucked up." "I'm completely fucked up." "I'm completely fucked up."  Poor fatty never had a chance.
Screening calls. Any suggestions?
How have you dumped girls in the past?
I've never done this before.
Why so nervous?
Then do me a favor and get rid of her. If not for me, then do it for you. Look at yourself. You're a joke. She's turned you into jelly. What do you want to be, one of those losers who walk down the halls holding hands and smiling. People used to respect you. They feared you and now you're going to throw that all away.
That's not fair. You're taking all the fun out of it.
Is that what you think?
I can't believe you're reacting this way. You're just saying this because you lost the bet.
Not anymore you don't. It's obvious.
Kathryn, you know I love you. I've always loved you.
At first it was, but now it's become something bigger.
Oh come on, Kathryn, it was just a contest.
I'm sorry. It's just upsetting. You're in love with her. You don't love me anymore.
What's wrong with you? Why are you acting this way?
P-whipped, p-whipped.
No, I'm not.
Oh my God. You're completely p-whipped.
And I don't.
I want to fuck.
It clearly is why.
And that's why you're leaving?
I'm not in the mood.
Excuse me?
Some other time.
Mock, mock, mock.
Wow. So you made love. Ooo, I hear the birds chirping.
It was... it was like the emotional part outweighed the physical part.
No, tell me.
I know. That's the amazing part of it. I mean, it wasn't like Cirque du Soleil acrobatics, just standard missionary stuff, but it was... ah forget it. I'm going to sound like a Hallmark card.
Oh come on. For her first time?
It was... Fantastic.
Tell me all the details.
Oh yes.
You didn't?
Well, you obviously wanted me to witness your little adventure or else you wouldn't have invited me in.
Kind of.
Bad time?
She wouldn't say. She apologized to your aunt and told her she was going to stay with some friends.  You blew it, Sebastian. That girl has come to her senses and she will never go near you again.
Where'd she go?
You don't know?  She left thirty minutes ago.
Where is she?
If you're heading towards her room, you won't find her.
A momentary lapse of judgment, soon to be rectified.
You're telling me you had the chance to fuck her and you didn't. God are you a chump.
I don't know. She was lying on the bed, ready to do it, but I-- I don't, I was... I just didn't feel right about it.
So what went wrong?
Exactly the opposite.
She shot you down.
If your asking if I nailed her the answer is no.
Well I know how it went with Cecile. She won't shut up about it. How'd it go with Mrs. Jesus?
With who?
So? How'd it go last night?
Morning.
Morning!
Kathryn, the only thing you're going to be riding is me. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some work to do.
Do you mind if I take my new Porsche for a ride?
I'm not losing the bet. It's just taking longer than I expected.
And that's why you're losing your bet?
If you must know, yes. I don't know what to do. I can't stand that holier than thou bullshit and yet, I'm completely infatuated with her.  She made me laugh.
She's really getting to you, isn't she?
Nothing.
What's your problem?
Shut up.
Jesus, she reeks of Laura Ashley.  Oh, she's crying. Wittle baby's upset by the big bad book.
Yeah.
That her?
Take a look for yourself.
Who are you spying on?
Yippy.
I just had a nice chat with Cecile. I don't think she'll be giving you anymore problems.
Eat me, Sebastian. It's alright for you to fuck everyone, but because I'm a girl it's wrong. Well let me tell you something, I didn't ask to be a girl. Do you think I relish the fact that I have to act like Mary Sunshine twenty four seven, so I can be considered a "laaaady." Do you think I take great delight when I hear - "Kathryn is so wonderful." "Kathryn is a model child." "Kathryn is going to make an excellent wife one day."  I'm the Marsha fucking Brady of the upper East Side and sometimes I want to kill myself for it. No, I don't enjoy being a part of the weaker sex and for that reason everyone around me is going to suffer. So there's your psychoanalysis Doctor Freud. Now are you in or are you out?
You amaze me.
What is that? Oh my God, it's your conscience.
Are you really? I mean, we've done some pretty fucked up shit in our time but this... I mean, we're destroying an innocent girl. You do realize that.
I'm aware.
Before we go through with this, I just want you to be aware of the damage we're going to cause.
Cecile.
Who are you calling?
Well, let me know when you do. Until then.
Any day now.
Have you succeeded in your task?
Moving along quite well.
I hate it too.
I hate when things don't go my way. It makes me so horny.
Oh sis. You're so tense.
Thank you. Mmmm, that feels good.
I'm at your service.
But who will they turn to for help?
I rat Cecile out to mommy. Mommy goes ballistic and ends their relationship. Boo hoo.
What's your plan of attack?
Not to mention Court Reynolds. Unfortunately, Ronald's moving with the speed of a Special Olympic Bobsledder.
Ooo, I'm sure Mrs. Caldwell will love that.
The plot thickens. It appears that Cecile has fallen for her music teacher.
Call Cecile up and get her to come over. I'll bust that cherry in a heartbeat.
No.
I now plan to devote all my energies to destroying the douche bag. Any luck corrupting her daughter?
Interesting.
You ready for this? I've recently discovered that our good friend Mrs. Caldwell is the one who sent the letter to Annette urging her to stay away from me.
What's wrong with you?
Shhh.
You would not believe what--
Okay.
Call me later.
Blow me.
Loser.
I'm working on it.
Fuck her yet?
It would feel so yummy.
Even there?
You can put it anywhere.
Because I'm the only person you can't control and it kills you.
What makes you think I'd go for that bet? That's a seventy thousand dollar car.
In English.  I'll fuck your brains out.
Be more specific.
I'll give you something you've been jerking off about ever since our parents got married.
And if I win?
If you lose, then that hot little Porsche of yours is mine.
What are the terms?
Could you be more desperate to read it?
Oh gee, your journal. Could you be more queer?
Oh well, duty calls. Time to add another chapter to my work of art.
I'll think about it...
Care to make a wager on that?
You don't stand a chance. Even this is out of your league.
It just so happens we're not in Kansas anymore. Our little angel's father has accepted the new headmaster position at Oakwood. She's staying with my aunt up in Connecticut while Daddy sells his house. Can you imagine what this would do for my reputation? Screwing the new headmaster's virginal daughter before school starts? It will be my greatest victory.
B.F.D. What do you plan to do? Fly to Kansas and woo little Dorothy.
Oh yes. I've read it over and over again. This baby's the real deal. Daddy's little angel. A paradigm of chastity and virtue.
Jesus Christ, is she for real?
Shut up and turn to page 64.
I'm not interested in the latest dating tips from Jonathan Taylor Thomas.
That was just simple revenge. What I have planned requires sheer genius.
Oh but diddling the therapist's daughter is a challenge?
Oh come on, Kathryn. It's too easy. "But I thought high school was only four years." I mean, please. She knows nothing. She's seen nothing. I could have her under the table at Au Bar sucking me off before the appetizer arrived. Go get one of those moron friends of yours to do it. I have a reputation to uphold.
Why not?
She's quite cute you know. Young supple breasts, a tight firm ass and an uncharted pootie.
Sounds intriguing.
I need you to seduce our young Cecile. Introduce her to your world of decadence and debauchery.
I see your point... though why should I care?
Because if there's an attack made on Court it could be traced back to me. I can't allow that to happen. Everybody loves me and I intend to keep it that way.
Why go through Cecile? Why not just attack Court?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. When I get through with her, she'll be the premier Blow Job Queen of the Tri-State area and poor little Court's heart will be shattered.
So that's what this is all about.  We'll get together and plan your curriculum.
I don't find this very funny,
You don't mean?
In any event, my feelings were hurt when I learned that he had fallen for someone else. Someone chaste... pure... innocent.
Sorry.
What?
Oh, poor baby. Well you can relax. I have a mission for you.
Hopefully, though she suspects that your decrepit alcoholic father is diddling the maid.
Lovely. How is your gold digging whore of a mother enjoying Bali? Zipping through my inheritance per usual?
I'm just taking the poor girl under my wing.
Do you care to tell me what Mrs. White-trash and her stupid daughter are doing in my house?
Outstanding.
Cecile's attending Oakwood in the fall.
It's the least I can do.
Oh please. I can't have you do that.
Let me get that for you.
Absolutely.
You will be discreet about this?
I can't thank you enough.
Black.
I know. She's so young and he's so -
Ronald? That's crazy.
It's worse. I think there's something going on between Cecile and her music teacher.
Kathryn, you have my word. It isn't drugs is it?
Well... you promise you won't say anything to her. We've developed a friendship and...
What about her?
It's Cecile.
Not at all. What's wrong?
I hope I didn't keep you from something.
I got your message and came as quick as I could.
Like your step-brother Sebastian. I can't believe they didn't expel him after what he did to the school nurse.
Don't worry, it's totally understandable. Most of the boys that matriculate at Oakwood are very upstanding gentleman, however there are the occasional bad apples.
That's beautiful.
I know this sounds corny, but whenever I feel temptations of peer pressure, I...  turn to God and he helps me through the problem. Call me an anachronism, but it works.
How do you do it? I mean with all peer pressuring that goes on in high school. Where do you get your strength?
You're too kind.
I'll do my best.
I can't tell you how happy we are that Cecile is going to be attending Oakwood with you this fall. You've always been an inspiration to Beau and I on raising her. We just hope she can rise to the high standards which you've set for her.
I guess that puts me in my place. Thank you for the hospitality Mrs. Caldwell. It was a true awakening.
Oh don't give me any of that racist crap. My husband and I gave money to Colin Powell.
First of all, maam, I never touched your daughter and second, I would like to think that in these times someone of your status could look beyond racial lines.
Whatever. You are never to set foot in this house again and you are never and I mean never to see my daughter again. Is that understood?!
Got me off the streets? I live on 59th and Park.
Is that so?
Mrs. Caldwell I think you're misunderstanding something.
I'm paying you to give cello lessons. Not to pervert my child.
Excuse me.
Who the hell do you think you are?!
I understand. Good night.
It's really important.
I'll do that.
Fine. Could you please see that she gets this.
Young man, I already told you she's not here.
Annette! Annette!
Later. Listen, we're entertaining some guests so -
Do you know when she'll be back?
She's out.
Do you know where she is?
She's not here.
I need to talk to Annette.
What do you want?
I'll do that.
Well please leave a message that I called.
I've already told you, she's not home.
It's desperate that I talk to her.
You must be Sebastian. I've heard such nice things about you.
Hi. Is Annette at home?
Oh... no thank you...
I said, do you want some water?
Excuse me?
Yep. Then I fucked your daughter.
I did?
Uh huh. You beat me three times.
We played backgammon?
Right after we played backgammon.
I did?
Yes, you already did.
Did I ever tell you the time when my late husband sent me -
Don't worry about it.
I understand. Thanks for letting me crash here.
I can't have you do that, nor can I have you hanging around the lobby all day.
Do you mind if I check upstairs?
Nope.
Did she show up?
Eight o'clock. You got to go.
What time is it?
You bastard!
Ronald, I'm sorry.
Don't know what I'm talking about? I know that you fucked Cecile.
Ronald, you don't know what you're talking about.
Did you hit her?
Kathryn? Oh Christ, she got to you too?
Kathryn. Did you hit her?
What are you talking about?
Where the hell do you come off hitting women?
Can we do it later. I've had a really bad night and -
It seems that you and I have some talking to do.
Hey Ronald.
How will I get to her?
Ronald, e-mail's for geeks and pedophiles. Be romantic. Write her another letter.
She really loves me.
You're a lucky guy.
Wow. I never knew she had these kind of feelings.
Once the emptiness in Amy's life is filled, the dream will go of itself. If a up to you, both of you. Only you two can bring her into a real world.. You must give her the friendship and love she craves.
How?
It's perfectly normal for a child to dream. I can see how a sensitive little girl, finding this portrait, would take the image of this woman and make of her an imaginary friend. That image dwells only in her imagination, and that image can go as quickly as it was born.
I can see it all...the very day it began. Amy was lonely; she was desperate for friendship. I remember the night she told me she had wished on her ring. That must have been the day she first wished for a friend.
What do you mean?
Forgive me, but it was superstition ...foolish, childish wishes...that started, all this.
It's been ages since I've even thought of a mummers' play. When I was in college we used to do them every year  St. George and the Dragon, all kinds of sword dances.
It's one of the clearest memories I have. Twelfth night...burning pine... and mummers' plays.
I love the smell of pine.
No. I only let her go with Edward.  It's alright.
Does she go up to the Farren's often?
But quite harmless, I'm sure.
Yes,  She's a little odd, I understand.
That the old actress -- Julia Farren?
Yes. As a matter of fact, I was on the point of telling you about it yesterday  about Oliver's first marriage  and his wife's death. It has so much to do with Amy  although he'll never realize it.
I didn't know Mr. Reed had been married before.
We don't even like them,  I've often thought of giving it away, but Oliver wouldn't stand for it.  It was his first wife's favorite picture.  She was an artist.
But you don't keep a cat, do you?
But it is a part of our lives too --a part of our past, It's a Goya reproduction. Those three cats --  are supposed to be the most beautifully drawn cats in Western art.
I know how it is.  My Dad collects miniature canon.
Oliver's pet,  I'm sure it would be the first thing he'd grab if we ever had a fire.
Hello. I just met Amy and she pointed out where you live.
Oh, hello.
I'd love to.
I'm so glad to have met you at last. You're just as nice as Amy told me you were.  I hope you'll come to see us.
That's exactly what I told Mr. Reed, but he insisted upon remaining home from business to talk to you, Miss Callahan.
to a situation) Really, Mr. Reed, there isn't anything to worry about. It was only a slap --
All right, Amy.  Go tell Edward to take you.
But it won't be Christmas tomorrow.
Wouldn't it be just the same, darling, if daddy dropped the present at Mrs. Farren's on his way to town tomorrow morning?
Mommy, could Edward take me to Mrs. Farren's house to give her her present?
You can't open it yet. You have to put all of them under the tree until morning.
Oh, thank you, darling.
All right, mommy.
Look! Why don't you run out and play? The sun's shining.
Irena.
Irena.
What's her name?
She was very pretty.
It was right there on top. Isn't she pretty?
Where'd you get this, darling?
I had my breakfast while you were still asleep.
Edward will give you your breakfast, Amy.
Sh! Then you must keep it true. Goodnight, darling.
But it's already come true.
You mustn't tell anybody, or it won't come true.
I got my wish anyway.
Well  the mother or daughter -- whichever one gave it to you. You ask Edward to go with you.
I really don't know, but I do know that you must return the ring. You get Edward to take you up there and bring it back to the old lady.
Are they nice?
No dear. I don't know them, but I've heard about them.
Do you know the people?
The Farren house
On the back street  a green house
Someone gave it to you? Where was this old house?
At the old house with the voice.
But where did you get it, Amy?
That's what I wished on. Edward says it's a wishing ring -- and it is!
Where did you get this ring?
I made a wish today, and it came true just like Edward said it would.
Sometimes.
Did your wishes ever come true?
Oh, lots of times.
Did you ever make a wish?
Yes, darling.
Mommy --
Oh, you'll remember it some time.
The song I was trying to hum. The song my friend, taught me.
What song, dear?
I suppose any note, no matter how sour, is a song if you hold on to it long enough.
I wasn't saying anything. I was singing.
What are saying, darling?
I can make wishes like this come true.  I'll be just like Daddy wants me to be -- play with the other children -- not sit around by myself  tell the truth --
But Edward, in this kind of a wish that doesn't matter.
You know what I wished, Daddy? I wished I could be a good girl.
You get your wish!
We've got to go on.  Amy, here, all this time, you've let your mother and father think you had forgotten that old dream life of yours. Now we find you've only kept it secret.
Oliver, please. Let's not go on with this. The child's trembling.
That darn kid. I never in my life expected her to get an A in arithmetic. Math's is a practical science --- if she understands figures, she's well out of her own world of make-believe.
What's funny?
I suppose so.
Some day I'm afraid we're going to have to tell her about Irena.
Amy picked it off the top of that stack. Perhaps you'd better go through the whole bunch. There may be others of Irena in there.
Where did you get it?
Well, you know where it is.
I haven't had my breakfast.
I'm sorry. I was somewhere else. He returns to the card game.
It's your play.
What?
Ollie.
I thought Amy was calling. I guess not.
What is it, Alice?
I'm not shouting at you, but there's no doubt in my mind that you spoil this child!
You're shouting at me.
I'm never unfair.
You mean you didn't. It seems to me the least you could do. You can't just jump at conclusions that way. You're being unfair.
Well, it seemed to me --
Did you hear the child out?
Amy's been lying again.
My, my, what a coil we're in! What's this all about?
But they must have.  Amy and I made them out together.  You mailed them, didn't you, Edward?
I called not only the Boyds but the Irvings.  Neither of them received invitations.
What do you mean?
Something's haywire,
That's right.
I think I should.  3000W?
All right, Ollie.  Go ahead. Call the Boyds...3000W...see if their darling Donald has left.
No kids yet.  Something's gone wrong. Maybe I ought to call somebody.
Oilie, that's for the children to play with.
Times have changed.
Gosh, in my day kids arrived at birthday parties before anybody was ready for them,
Yes, darling,
It's nearly a quarter after four. The party was for four, wasn't it?
It's early yet.
Where is everybody?
I forgot I had it on.
Why don't you take off your hat and stay awhile?
Darling, no father could be nicer to a child than you are to Amy.
You make me sound like the father in "East Lynne."
I know, dear.  I understand. But try to worry a little less about her -- be a little easier in your thinking.  And especially today  let's forget about it. We want a really bang-up birthday party, don't we?
No.  It's not that.  It's because I know what can happen when people begin to lie to themselves -- imagine things. I love Amy too much to let her lose herself in a dream world where butterflies become pals. I saw what happened to Irena with her Cat People.
That's why I can tell you, straight out, you think too much about Irena -- blame yourself for her death.  And its your thinking and brooding about her that makes you so unnaturally concerned about Amy.
I know that.
I'm not a jealous woman, Oliver.
All I have to do is look at Amy's eyes, blue and deep like yours.
She's not Irena's child -- there's nothing of Irena in her. She's my child.
I'd hate her to grow up like that.
I'm sure I don't, Alice.  It's something else -- something moody -- something sickly --  She could almost be Irena's child.
I wonder if you don't resent that in her?
Well, it shows imagination, anyhow.
You do that, Edward.
She said something about that, Mrs. Reed  but she didn't tell me it was the Farren house. I'll get my other hat and coat and go over there.
But I told her to go with you.
Is that where she got the ring, Mrs. Reed? She shouldn't be up there.
That's the Farren house.
No, she went runnin' off to some old house she was talkin' about yesterday.
I thought you were with Amy.
And you should.  Your mommy tells me you've been such a good girl, and your daddy is so pleased with you.
I got lots of presents.
Maybe I'll drop in and see your Mommy.
I live right here.
No, darling, I hadn't intended to.
Are you coming to see us. Miss Callahan?
Hello, Amy.
Mommy's having a party for me. I asked Robert, and Donald, and Lois --
Your birthday, Amy --  as she goes) -- and I have something for you in my locker. A present.
It's late, Mommy -- you haven't forgotten my birthday party.
Tell me tha real truth. You can see my friend, can't you?
Yes, darling.
Daddy?
She's upstairs.. .the lady who lives up there.
But there's no one here, darling.
Yes, she was afraid. She said there was someone who wanted to kill me.
I have eyes too, and I tell you no one's there. If you deny that, if you insist that this woman you call your friend is in the garden, then I'm afraid I shall have to punish you. Do you understand?
But...
Listen, darling. I want you to look once more. Take as long as you want. Look very carefully, and then I want you to tell me that no one's there.
But Irena is in the garden. She's right there, under the tree.
Amy, there's nothing there. There's no one at all in the garden.
Don't you see her?...Right there, under the tree.
Where, Amy? Where do you see her?
She's there, just like I said she'd be.
She's there whenever I call her!
In the garden? Would she be there now?
It isn't a secret. She plays with me. She plays with me in the garden all the time. Right out there in the garden, she does!
Because she is my friend.
Amy, answer me. Why did you call her your friend?
Why, daddy, you know my friend too!
Yes, Amy?
Daddy!
This one hasn't got a name on it. Who's this one for, Amy?
She gave me a ring, so I'm giving her a ring. I paid twenty-five cents for it, too.
And this one's for Mrs. Farren.
Just you wait!
This one says, "To Mother from Amy."
These are all from me.
You're upset about me -- I made you fight --I hate for you to fight.
I'm sorry. Daddy and Mommy are a little upset.
Voices from an old dark house!
No, I didn't.
Let me be the judge of that.
Daddy, it's true.
Now look, this is the last time you come to me with any such stories  I'm sick of this sort of thing.
It was just a voice.
And who did the voice belong to?
It's true.
Now Amy
I did.  I came to an old dark house, and a voice called to me -- a lovely, sweet voice ---
Why didn't you run after them?
They ran away.
Because you didn't ask them?  I don't blame them for being angry. Why didn't you explain what happened?
It was on account of the birthday party.
What do you mean you didn't play with the other children?
But I didn't play with them, Daddy.  They wouldn't play with me.
Can't you tell me later?
I wanted to talk to you,  I wanted to tell you about the other children.
What do you want. Amy?
But this is different.  Go on blow,
But you told me in the garden-- that the wish about the tree couldn't come true.
Certain wishes do.
But wishes don't come true.
Amy, make a wish.  Wish real hard, and then blow out the candles, and your wish will come true.
But, Amy, that was just a story; it wasn't real.  That tree's no mailbox.
I didn't forget.
But I told you about that so long ago; you couldn't have been more than three when I told you that tree was a magic mailbox.
Yes, daddy.
Amy, not that old tree!
I'll show you.
Where did you mail them?
Yes, I did.
Did you mail then?
Yes, daddy.
Amy, you remember the party invitations Edward, gave you to mail?
You'll see it when it's all lit and ready for you.
Is that my birthday cake? May I see?
Well, I guess we're not a very proper family.
We open ours on Christmas Eve. That's considered proper.
No.
My goodness, don't you open your presents until Christmas morning?
I don't know yet.
What'd you get for Christmas?
Death's like life. Death's a part of life. It isn't frightening. It isn't the end of everything. It isn't quiet and nothingness. It's a part of all eternity.
But why?
Yes, Amy.
You?
But, Amy!  Amy...I'm dead.
Oh, it is, it is! Death's terrible.
Amy, listen to me. Death isn't such a terrible thing.
But she's dead!
You mustn't be afraid.
She's dead! I know what it is now when people say somebody died. I know what they mean! And I'm afraid. She's dead; she's dead!
Don't cry, Amy.
It's you...Irena...my friend!
I want to touch it.
It is wildness and freedom. No one can touch it.
May I pet the deer?
It's a warm breath -- warm and strong  warmed by the sunlight that shone on the deer's back in the hot summer; sweet with leaves and mosses.
I can sea its breath in the cold.
Because it knows it can move with the swiftness of strong wind.
It stands so still.
You wanted to share this moment with me.
So beautiful, Irena. So beautiful.
A merry Christmas to you, Amy.
Merry Christmas.
Oh, please!
You and I shall enjoy Christmas together. Shall I show you my Christmas gift to you?
Oh, that is more beautiful than I ever imagined it!  I wish I could show you to mommy and daddy.  I wish you could enjoy Christmas with us.
I shall wear it in my hair!
It reminded me of you, so I bought it. It cost me more than all the others.
Oh, how beautiful!
You can open it now, I guess. Lois Huggins says that's proper,
Oh, thank you, Amy.
Merry Christmas, Irena.  I brought you a present.
Oh, but the winter's fun. There's the wind and the snow. You'll like the warm fire upon the hearth, and the long, long nights.
Yes, winter's coming.  I don't like the winter,
All right, Amy.  Button your sweater, darling. It's turning cold.
My dolls. We can pretend.
Your children?
No, I don't think that's very much fun. Let's play house instead.  You be the friend who comes to see me.  I'll show you my children.
Pretend, darling.  It's All Soul's Eve.  Round about the fire we go...  Over the flames we leapt
But we don't have any sea weed.
light shining) in her eyes) Throw sea weeds into the flames, and the fire turns blue!
That one's an elm.
There's an oak leaf.  Add a maple.
Of course,
This is more fun than just pretend.
That's right!
Yes, yes! I see Prince,
Of course. And Two is the prince who kneels before her on one knee.
A princess?
Oh yes they do.  Look.  One is like a tall princess.
The numbers simply don't mean anything
But you must!
I'll just never learn arithmetic.
Can't you get it, darling?
Whenever you want.
You'll always play with me?
Oh, I like the sound of that.., Amy and her friend... Amy and her friend.
No. This must be a friendship that only we shall have... you and I... Amy and her friend.
Not even Daddy...or Mommy?
For always, then. Only you must promise never to tell anyone about me
I shall want you for always.
For as long as you'll let me.
Will you be friend for always?
I can not tell you.
But where is that?
You wouldn't understand. I come from great darkness and deep peace
But where do you come from?
I've wanted a friend too. I've been lonely.
I've wanted a friend.
I'm your friend.
Irena. But who are you?
You called me by my name.
Who are you?
But where has it gone?  Where's all the strength and the quickness?
It got hit.
But it was alive  it was fast and strong!
Because it can't. It's dead.
Why is it just lying there? Why doesn't it get up?
Probably hit by a car. Hard to see things in the twilight.
But what happened to the little deer?
Bad luck to see death in the snow.
But I saw what it was. It's the little deer.
Mustn't look, little miss. Mustn't look.
It's a hard winter. All the animals are bold as brass, coming down into the streets for food. You'll see a lot of deer this winter.
There was a deer on the other side of the fence.
But I don't want you coming here alone. You get me to go with you when you want to come here. You promise?
But she's such a nice lady.
Little miss, don't you never come here alone. You gave me a fright, you did.
But Mrs. Farren just started to tell me a story. Please.
About time for you to come home, Amy.
That means I can go alone?
I do suppose so. But if you were there yesterday, guess you can get there today.
You're going to be busy all day long, Edward.
Soon as I finish.
Will you come soon?
You just wait until I finish here. I've got to dust these ships for your Dad.
But I want to talk to you. Mommy says for you to come up to the old house with me. I've got to take back this ring.
Little miss, you're stopping me in my work.
Oh, I suppose it was to the wind you sang, or maybe to the sun, or the clouds, or maybe it was to the flowers in the garden.
I wasn't singing to myself.
Let me take another look at that ring.
I'm trying to.
Been crying? That won't please your Daddy. You'd bettor cheer yourself up.
That's the clever way to do it.
Well, if it's a real mourning ring,. I'm going to think hard for something I want more than anything else in the world before I wish.
They're given to the living in memory of the dead.  If this is a real one -- I can't be sure -- you can make a wish, and it will come true in the twinkling of an eye.
the ring up to him) What's a mourning ring?
Maybe, if it's a real mourning ring like we have in Jamaica. All you got to do is turn it on your finger, close your eyes, and make a wish.
A ring that I can wish on like I wished on the candles?
I wouldn't be surprised if it were a true wishing ring.
It's a pretty ring.
Most surely that was a nice lady to give a ring to a little girl.
A lady threw it to me.
That's a fine-looking ring.
Look at my ring.
Mommy's taking me upstairs to change my dress right away.
Getting the yard all fixed up for your party, Amy. You'd better hurry and get yourself fixed up too.
I can't do it! I can't do it!
Hurry!
Yes, yes -
Hurry, hurry.
My little girl said she'd kill you if you came to see me. I can't let you die. We'll have to hide you.
Hide me? Why?
No, not people -- just deer and game, but the people he catches can never be free again. They too must kill and kill, covering themselves with blood.
And does he kill people?
Don't you read Shakespeare?
Who's Herne the Huntsman?
Don't you hear it?
What?
A Christmas present. It's been so long since I've had a Christmas present.
I brought you a present. Merry Christmas.
Good.
He'll let me stay, Mrs. Farren. He'll let me stay.
It was shot off long ago in the great battles that were fought here; with the British on one side and the Americans on the other.
Why hasn't he got a head?
The Headless Horseman --
Do you know the story of "The Headless Horseman?"
Mommy read it to ne.
Then I'll tell you a story  a lovely story. Do you know the story of Rapunzel?
I like stories.
One little piece of cake won't hurt you. Go ahead, take one. It's full of fruit...citron, cherries and ginger. It'll make you dream. Yes, wonderful dreams.
No, thank you.
There you are. Take some cake, why don't you?
That woman is an imposter, a liar, and a cheat. How do you like your tea? </PRE><PRE>                                AMY Well... .sometimes I got a spoonful of tea in a cup of hot milk.
Who is she?
She's always spying on me. She creeps into the room. She lives upstairs, yet she's always watching me  always!
The ring? We'll have no more nonsense about the ring.
But I only came to give back the ring.
Stranger? Julia Farren a stranger. Why I've played every theatre from Boston to San Francisco. I've been to London and Paris. Those days  those beautiful, shilling, golden days.
But my mother says I mustn't accept gifts from strangers.
Return it to me? Indeed you may not. I gave it to you as a present.
If you were the lady who gave me a ring, my mother says I have to give it back to you.
I've been watching you. You couldn't see me, but I could see you. It was like peeking through a slit in the curtain before the play began. You would be a very good audience. I can see that.
Good night...Barbara...
Good night, mother, good night.
I'll not see her, Barbara. I promise.
If that child comes here...if I find her trying to steal your love from me...I'll kill her. Yes, I'll kill her:
I-shan't see her. No, Barbara, no.
There's another promise you must make me. That little girl who comes here...she mustn't ever come to see you again. Promise me you won't see her.
Yes. Yes, Barbara, I shan't forget.
Promise me you won't forget tomorrow. You'll remember, won't you? You won't say that it was just a dream. Promise me.
Yes, Barbara... Barbara...
Mother! You called me by name!
It was pale...a shadowed gold.
And my hair...what color hair did Barbara have?
Yes...yes, that's true.
And my eyes...my eyes are gray. Look! You see!
Gray. They were a lovely, lovely gray.
Look at me. Look at me, mother darling. Look into my eyes. What color eyes did Barbara have?
Anybody could know that song.
Oh, doesn't that prove something to you? Doesn't it?
My Barbara was killed. I killed her. Yes, it was my fault. Everyone told me not to drive from the theatre. There was a raging wind that night, and snow and ice. All was well until we got to the Sleepy Hollow bridge. Barbara was singing a little song and then ...I don't know how it happened ..when I awakened, they told me the car was overturned, and they wouldn't let me see Barbara. Barbara was dead.
But I am Barbara. I didn't die.
The storms have done everything they can to me, I don't hate them. I don't even hear the wind. It blows beyond me. It was on such a night as this that Barbara died.
I hate the storm. I hate it!
My daughter died long ago.
You didn't even open my present and I'm your daughter.
Look at me.
My daughter, Barbara, died when she was six. That was long ago. You're only the woman who keeps care of me. I know you.
Such a brief visit, but dear child, it has made my Christmas very merry.
It's dark. We'd better be getting on. The family will be waiting.

What is it, ma'am?
Wait a minute. Listen.
It's some animal hurt in the woods that made that sound.
That's from her -- that woman.
There's a present you haven't opened yet, ma'am.
Come away, Amy.
...At the hour of midnight, down the road that goes through Sleepy Hollow, across the bridge, he goes galloping, galloping, always searching, always seeking
Little miss, you can't stay here. You've got to come with me.
On the dark nights  on the stormy nights -- you can hear him. He passes like the wind; The flapping and fluttering of his great cloak beating like gaunt wings. The thunder of his horse's hooves is loud, loud and louder, beating hard, beating strong on the frozen ground as he comes riding, riding, riding.
Now, I don't know Amy --
Let the child stay.
Good heavens! What could you be giving me. Little Miss?
"To Daddy from Amy." Here's one for Miss Callahan. This one says, "To Edward from Amy.".
Indeed I did. Up and down the garden she went, laughing and singing to herself.
That's because she made a promise, and she'a keeping it, aren't you, darling.  You saw the way she played this afternoon, Edward.
I didn't even have to coax her tonight.
So do I, Mr. Reed.
I like to see her happy.
Amy looks happy  seems almost as if she were playing with another child; like somebody else were running with her and playing.
She pleaded so to do it
And Amy mailed them?
Well, ma'am, the truth is, I gave them to Amy hersolf to post.
Go on -- out with you.
You won't have long to wait. In just a few minutes this house will be overflowing with boys and girls. Off with you now, Amy. Go out and watch from the gate for all the children who'll be coming.
Got more leaf mold now than we'll ever need, Mr. Reed.  I thought I'd burn 'em up and get the yard clean.
I thought we were going to save those leaves you were burning for the compost bin.
I imagine a child would have to commit murder or rob the Seventh National Bank of Tarrytown to be deprived of a birthday party.
When I first heard all that talk about you going down to the school to see the teacher I got really afeard.  I thought maybe you night call off this birthday party -- and me with the cake already in the oven.
Yes, everything's all right, Edward.
Everything all right down there at the school, Mr. Reed?
Perhaps she's wanted for understanding.
But we have. She's wanted for nothing.
She needed, a companion, so out of her own hunger she created one. In her mind her friend was in the garden. In her mind her friend never leaves her. Right this very minute I'm sure she's upstairs sobbing out her grief to a friend who exists only in her mind.
But there was nothing, no one in the garden.
But don't you see...it's just what I was about to say to Alice...Amy in her own mind may not be lying.
She refuses to deny it. She continues to believe in her lies.
We'll see that she gets there in good time
You'd better hurry.  I've left Amy in the car and she's getting impatient.  She tells me there's something especially important about a sixth birthday.
Amy has too many fancies -- too few friends. It worries me. It doesn't seem normal.
Well, that seems a harmless fancy --
No. Amy slapped Donald because he had hurt the butterfly -- and it was her friend.
Something to do with a butterfly-- they were quarreling about it.
I know it may seem stupid of me--but it isn't the slap I'm worried about -- it's the reason.
Looks like a helluva lot more than a make-over. Was there surgery involved?
Jennifer gave her a make-over.
No way is that the same chick. The other one was a dog.
Can we get some service here?
Waiter! She needs more water.
Yeah and when your woman says you're an ass, say yes, I have Abundant Sperm Syndrome.
My brother has an answer to PMS. A-S-S: Abundant Sperm Syndrome. A man gets sperm build-up, and if his woman isn't givin' it to 'em, he's gotta get it elsewhere.
I don't believe in PMS. Women made it up just so they can be bitchy.
I'm lucky Jen's not like that.
What's with her? If they're not bleeding they're PMSing. If they're not PMSing, they're warning you about the impending doom. If you're lucky, you get a sane person one week a month. Then you gotta date three or four women just to get some normalcy in your life.
Sorry about Frida. She's been friends with Jen forever.
That many women in one place -- nothing good can come from that.
It all starts with them going to the bathroom together.
Never felt better.
I mean body temperature. Do you have a fever?
I've been working out.
Wow your body's really hot.
Your lips look delicious.
What?
Yeah but they looked cool...
Yul Brynner. They're all dead.
James Dean, Humphrey Bogart...
No.
Yeah yeah I know. Smoking kills. I'll quit someday. Doesn't it seem like all the cool people smoke?
You shouldn't smoke. It'll kill you.
I've changed a lot lately.
Sorry I didn't recognize you earlier. You look so different.
Yeah that's like a three bagger. Today a bag is also a condom, so now a three bagger can be a chick that's really hot. So hot you gotta put several condoms on to dull the senses.
Maybe that bartender made it up. I mean I think coyotes are rather beautiful. Maybe "coyote ugly" is really a compliment. Like someone who's conventionally "ugly" but is really beautiful.
No one I've run into knows what "coyote ugly" means.
Don't apologize. It's great to see a woman really enjoying her food. I hate it when I buy a woman dinner and she won't even touch it.
Sorry, don't mean to be wolfing down. I'm just starving.
Guess you like those Coyote Ugly steaks now, huh?
Now it's menopause. She's always hot. I gotta wear a parka around the house cause she keeps it so cold. It's always something.
Does she have PMS?
Diet and exercise, that's all there is. I'm not a big proponent of the PMS craze, but there's a book my wife mentioned called "The PMS Diet," which may be helpful.
I get crazy dreams and I black out.
Sounds all stress related. Your teeth may feel sharper if you're grinding them at night. You don't seem hairy to me. Is that all?
Okay, but I'm worried about the next PMS bout. It's gotten worse. I'm not myself during it. I get bloated, irritable, my breasts get huge, my nails turn into claws, my teeth get sharper and I have more facial and body hair.
How have you been feeling?
Nearly four.
That bite healed up quickly. It's been about three weeks?
It's not just in my head.
And keep a journal of your symptoms to make sure it's related to your period and not just in your head.
What else is there?
That's just part of being a woman. Diet and exercise should help. Avoid salt, sugar, starches, caffeine, alcohol...
It's hard to describe. I get really bloated and irritable and emotional and depressed and...
PMS. What symptoms are you experiencing?
Good. Except for PMS.
How's the rest of your health?
No, it was another woman.
A dog at Victoria's Secret?
Oh, on my wrist.
I mean where on your body?
There was a sale.
At Victoria's Secret.
A bite... Where'd you get bitten?
It's okay if you are, we just want to know. I don't want to be expecting grandchildren if...
No, I'm not a lesbian. Geez mom.
You haven't mentioned dating anyone since Mark and, well you're not a lesbian are you?
What does that have to do with me?
We're worried about you. "60 Minutes" was on same-sex couples.
Mom!
No it's mom.
Jennifer?
Sure. See ya.
God I hope so. Hey can I call you later? Peter's still here. He's in the shower.
Oh thank god. Maybe this whole thing is really over.
Never been better. Peter spent the night. I must really love him. He's still alive.
Frida? You okay?
Hello?
Yes, just check on me once a day for the next three days. Then the PMS should be over.
Sorry -- I shouldn't go on about myself at a time like this. Are you sure you're going to be okay?
I wish I only had your problems.
We were -- I was just so tempted... It was sort of a test. I think after sleeping with Benito I know I want to be with George. But now George knows about Benito and he doesn't want to be with me!
I thought you and George were getting married.
No, he's the guy I'm having an affair with.
Did I kill a guy named Benito?
About Benito.
About Mark? Carlton?
I think George knows.
The werewolf always dies at the end. Didn't you see "American Werewolf in London?"
No. I won't let you do that.
No. I can't take that chance. I'd rather kill myself.
I guess you'll find out.
But how do I know if I really love Peter? And if he really loves me?
Remember what Madame Sconce said. If you love him he'll be fine.
I'm just afraid I'll hurt Peter. I think I love him.
You'll get through this. You were fine for over three weeks.
I tried to kill myself -- earlier. It doesn't work. I think I need silver bullets. So I got depressed and when I'm depressed I clean.
You scared the shit out of me. I thought you were killing yourself.
I'm cleaning my stove.
I think I already have.
Fall in love.
So what do I do?
What choice do we have?
So... she was a werewolf. Do you think we can believe all this?
The weird thing is... he shot her with a silver bullet.
Guess she never found true love.
She died at age 34 in the 1800's. They thought she was crazy. She was banished from her town. Seems her husband shot her.
Who is this Madame Sconce? Let's find her and talk to her.
"The female-cycle werewolf will only kill men and never kills someone she truly loves." See I knew you never loved Mark.
Great so all I have to do is fall in love? Like I haven't tried that for the past 24 years.
This is from a scientist in France, Madame Sconce. "The original werewolves were females. They became werewolves on the lunar cycle because it corresponded to the woman's cycle. My suspicion is that the only cure is true love."
Check out what I found.
"Paranoia, insecurity, depression, changes in vision, feelings of losing control; belief that you have a mental problem..." Nothing about turning into a werewolf.
We don't know you're a werewolf. It might never happen again. You have to get on with your life.
The thing is, I really like him. I finally meet a guy I really like and I'm a fuckin' werewolf.
Maybe you should go out with him. If you keep avoiding him he'll get suspicious. Besides, what better way to not get busted than to date the cop who's investigating you.
Peter keeps asking me out.
Symptoms include loss of emotional control, compulsive behavior, cravings, crying spells...
So are you. Look, go about your life. Act like nothing's wrong. We'll get to the bottom of this.
You're such a good friend.
Let's do some research. I'll check the libraries. You surf the web.
Probably for three weeks or so anyway. I'm not sure -- I don't get how it works.
Does that mean this whole thing is over?
I think I just got my period.
Well if he does, he didn't give you away. He must really like you.
Peter knows something.
Hide him.
What the fuck are we going to do?
Tell them you'll meet them outside.
Fuck it's the cops. Peter saw me, now I have to let him in.
Ignore it.
No.
You expecting someone?
You should have seen it erect.
At least I finally saw the reason you couldn't get over Mark.
Okay, let's say that this is PMS- related. You think those male cops are going to understand that? You'll either be locked up for murder or locked up in the looney bin. We have to keep this hidden until we figure it out ourselves.
That's a terrible thing to say. Frida goes back to scrubbing the floor.
If you ask me, the fucker got what he deserved. I'm glad he's dead.
I could smell another woman on him.
Why the fuck would you do that?
I think I turned into a werewolf and killed him.
You say murder, but you have no idea what happened. You don't remember doing it, so it's out of your control.
You're right. It's just, I can't cover up a murder so George won't know you're cheating.
How could I? I'm helping you clean up Mark's remains and you ask how could I cheat on George?
You're cheating on George? Jennifer, how could you?
There's kind of this guy I'm seeing.
What? Why'd you do that?
First of all, you're my alibi. I told George I was with you last night.
Why not? There's been a murder.
DON'T call the police.
I should call the police. Oh no Peter. Peter is the police!
What happened to his tooth?
Yeah, I guess. Mark?
He's been here all night?
I don't know... I'm spaced out... he was taking a shower... He must be still in there.
Did you get rid of Mark?
Holy shit, I don't know.
I'm stopping by later. I'm worried about you. Bye.
Okay, I gotta go.
Get rid of him!
Relax. Carlton was torn apart. No way could you have done that. Maybe you saw someone kill him and blocked it out... or...
Oh my god Jennifer. I should go to confession.
And he was missing an arm.
Oh no.
Frida, Carlton's dead.
Shit, I guess I missed work.
Tuesday. Are you okay?
I've been here. What day is it?
Frida? I was worried to death about you. I've called you for two days. Where have you been?
Hello?
I don't know. You have to take Sammy. He's afraid of me.
Frida, listen to yourself. If I said I was a werewolf, would you believe me?
I haven't gotten it yet.
Maybe the blood was from your period like before.
It took me an hour to clean it up. That was not in my head!
You're delusional. Maybe you had a bad dream and bit your lip -- so you tasted blood. And the severed arm... well I don't see it and... maybe this is all in your head.
No, last night I think I chased Carlton around as a wolf and killed him. I woke up with a taste of blood in my mouth and a severed arm in my bed. And my throat hurts.
You're a PMS werewolf. Of course. Frida, are you on drugs?
Because of PMS, I get hairy, my nails turn into claws, I eat raw meat, I roam the city hunting for flesh. I've become a werewolf!
And what makes you think you killed a man?
I put it down the garbage disposal.
So where's this infamous arm now?
Frida, you're not making sense. I can't come over right now.
Please come over. I'm begging you. What should I do with the arm? Should I call the cops or... Peter?
No! Not fucked him, I think I killed him.
You fucked Carlton? See I told you he liked you.
Jennifer. A severed arm. It's bloody and... I'm not sure but it may be Carlton's.
There is a man's arm in my bed.
Frida, this is a bad time. We're having sex and George actually answered the phone.
I look like fuckin' Chewbacca.
It's just cause mine is finer. A little bleach'll fix that.
Yes they are! Look how much more hair I have than you!
No they're not.
Oh my god, look. My arms are so hairy!
No you don't, believe me.
Geez, I wish I'd get it like that.
I can't help it. My bra wouldn't even fit. I've been going to Victoria's Secret and exchanging bras for bigger ones and still I'm busting out. It's this PMS.
You might want to tape your nipples down next time. It's really distracting.
I still thought it was a purse.
Bag means condom now? I can't keep up with the word "bag." It used to be "No, that's not my bag" -- meaning not my thing. But now "my bag" means "my fault."
It is so hot in here.
Charming Carlton.
Oh my god. I've never had that before. I've had guys say they want me to suck their dicks and gross stuff but no one's ever said "Hey there beautiful."
I think he called you beautiful.
What did he say?
You're just saying that.
Well whatever it was, seems to have worked cause you look great.
I started out on that eye-of-newt diet the doctor gave me and wound up in the tub covered in chocolate.
Great. George is meeting Carlton first for drinks. We can meet and go together. It'll be a blast.
Okay. I guess so.
No he didn't. Come on, I don't want to be alone with those two. All they talk about is basketball and it bores the hell out of me.
Hey, Carlton's in town -- come out with the three of us.
It's just as well. I'm afraid of getting hurt again. Mark seemed great at first too. I don't want to get too attached to Peter and then find out he's a creep.
Frida, this hair thing is all in your head. You're using it as an excuse not to get close to anyone.
We almost slept together... and... then the hair started and I booked.
How'd it go with the cop?
I looked like an Italian man!
You have to stop being so self- critical Frida.
I'm freaking out. I'm like an animal and totally out of control. My arms keep getting really hairy.
You're at his place, and you come out of the bathroom looking all shy and say, "I'm so embarrassed but could you run out and get me some tampons?" If he says no, he's too embarrassed, then you know he's a wus. If he says he's got some in the bathroom, then you know there are other women around a lot. But if he says yes and goes to get you tampons, well then he's a decent guy. Then, while he's out...
What the hell is the tampon test?
Give him the tampon test.
I don't know much about him. How do you know if a guy is decent?
Hmmm. Sounds suspicious.
I don't think I've ever actually liked anyone I've dated before. Peter even likes me without makeup.
Frida, I'm your friend. I'm not judging you... You didn't sleep with the creep did you?
I'm sorry. I didn't want you to think I was still a doormat.
Why didn't you tell me? You said you hadn't seen him for a month.
Um, he stopped by yesterday before you came over.
Gross, so this is Mark's flesh? When did you see him?
He wasn't wearing a ring. But you don't want to date a cop Frida. They're so blue collar.
I wonder if he's married.
Rule one: always wear make-up.
He was cute, huh? Of course whenever I meet a guy, I'm wearing no make-up.
Uh huh... good thing those cops didn't see that.
No, Mark wears boxers. They must have been in the dryer already.
Are those Mark's?
My vision got worse again.
I thought you were going to stop wearing your glasses.
And my bra finally fits again.
At least your PMS is over.
I think I went in and fell asleep. I guess Gregory walked home and got killed! I blacked out.
And then?
He was trying to get into my apartment and... I know this sounds gross but I was so turned on. I grabbed him and kissed him!
What? Why the hell did he do that?
I couldn't stop eating steak. I felt out of control -- like I was making up for all those years being a vegetarian. I couldn't get enough. And then Gregory walked me home... and he peed in front of me.
I guess you're off that vegetarian kick you've been on for ten years.
I ate a burger in the afternoon and a steak and a half with Gregory.
Did you get smashed or what? You have to eat if you're drinking. And not just those little salads.
I don't remember. We kissed at my door and next thing I knew I woke up with my period. Alone.
You don't think so? You either did or your didn't.
No. I don't think so.
No, did you fuck him?
Did I kill him? Of course not!
So did you do it?
To sound like big macho cops. He was probably just found with a knife in his back.
Why would they exaggerate?
I'm sure they were exaggerating.
And he was ripped limb from limb?
There you go, blaming yourself for everything again.
He's dead? Am I bad luck or what?
Oh, my glasses! Maybe my eyes got stronger from not wearing them.
Hey, did you get contacts?
You are not Frida, we all have a little hair there. I didn't even notice till you showed me. We can bleach that, it's no big deal.
Holy shit, I'm a freak.
I don't see anything. Maybe just a little.
Where? Where do you think a mustache would be. Look!
Where?
They better. Of course, trouble is, you never know what they'll expect for it. You gotta know what to order, and what you're willing to do. Like if a guy spends a fortune on you, he's gonna feel like you owe him something.
I never thought of it like that. I never know what to do on dates. Do guys still pay?
Are you kidding? He might as well say, "Can I date rape you?"
Maybe they have to pee.
What I really hated about dating was the lines guys used to get into my apartment. "Can I use your phone?" "How about a nightcap?" "I want to meet your cat." And my all-time favorite, the old standby, "I have to use your bathroom."
You're so lucky you have George and don't need to go on dates anymore.
Maybe he likes you, ever think of that? It's good for you to go out -- get your mind off Mark.
Why did Gregory ask me out? I mean he's cute -- he probably just wants to pitch his screenplay idea.
I kind of asked him to. We were, you know... he got a little carried away...
George bit you?
What a bitch. You should see a doctor. That can be dangerous. George bit me once and I had to go to the emergency room.
I think she broke the skin.
Even on sale that stuff's a fortune. I worked all week to pay for a bra.
And she got the medium.
Can you believe she fuckin' bit me?
Frida, grab that red one.
Where are all the mediums?
There's a sale. It's such a nice place -- classical music, relaxing atmosphere. You deserve to pamper yourself. Come on, it can't hurt.
I don't know.
It's not about him seeing you in it. It's how you feel. You'll feel sexy in lingerie and it'll show. It's an inner thing.
What do I need overpriced fancy underwear for? Shouldn't a guy have already decided that he likes me before he sees me in lingerie?
Okay, just one more stop and you'll be all set. Victoria's Secret.
Or if your boyfriend's an asshole.
Or if there's a full moon.
Try to get through dinner without them. You have beautiful eyes.
No, it grosses me out even thinking of putting something in my eye.
Can't you get contacts?
Only to see.
Do you really need these?
You're just saying that.
How about I give you a make-over? You'll feel better about yourself. You're actually pretty, you're just not bringing it out.
I'd kill for just a little bloated.
I get a little bloated sometimes.
Sorry. It's just so bad lately. You're so lucky you never get PMS.
Frida, I don't mean this as a criticism, but you might not want to talk about PMS around men.
My date always pays more attention to you than to me.
Maybe he's just shy.
He hasn't said one word to me.
People notice you Frida.
I wonder what it's like being you. Being noticed all the time.
So don't look in his eyes.
I guess I have a weakness for him. It's those big brown Bambi eyes.
Every woman at some point has to date a musician. I wish you'd get rid of Mark for good. Every time you break up you see him more than when you were going out.
He's a very talented musician.
Your shrink always gives you bad advice. He only hears what you choose to tell him. Mark's an asshole, he cheated, he borrowed money and never paid it back, he's never had a regular job.
My shrink says he's not so bad.
Anything's better than Mark.
Translation: a total geek.
Well that's not going to happen tonight. George said Carlton's a nice guy.
Yeah even then look what happened: Michael Mortenson kissed you and Billy Sullivan threw a worm at me.
Come on, we've been double dating since the fourth grade.
I have cramps. I can't believe I let you talk me into this.
Yeah. Whip it out. You want me to see it -- that's what this is all about, right?
So pee? Here?
Uh huh. So pee.
I wouldn't mind doin' something else, but I do really have to pee.
You're just saying that to get into my apartment and then you're hoping that'll turn into something else.
Yes I do have to pee!
You don't have to pee.
Knock what off?
Oh come on. Knock it off.
That's okay. I just have to use the bathroom and then I'll leave.
My apartment's just such a mess.
I didn't have to pee then.
You should have gone at the restaurant.
I really gotta pee.
What?
Well I have it worse than cramps. Goodnight Gregory.
They say sex is great for cramps.
No. Really, I'm... I don't feel well. I've got terrible PMS.
Come on, didn't all that steak make you thirsty?
I'm really tired.
Hey, how about a little nightcap?
I'd really feel more comfortable paying for my half of the dinner.
That's great. Highly original.
Well, whattdaya think?
So there I was, hanging from the edge of a bridge, when my mom said, "Son, you got into Harvard!" It took three of them to pull me back! Frida keeps eating.
You said you're starving. Come on, I can't stand a woman who won't eat.
I'm not really hungry after all.
Man I'm starving too, I think I'll go for the Surf and Turf.
Starving.
You hungry?
No, I'm serious. How about we have dinner and I tell you about it?
You're kidding, really?
Oh, a D-Girl. You know... I have a really great idea for a screenplay.
I do development for TV movies.
So you're Grant's secretary?
I know.
Take your shower.
Wow.
Yeah?
Mark.
I just need a place to lay low for a few days. Come on, I know you hate me but you can't wanna see me at the bottom of the East River?
My bra is my biggest supporter.
Come on, I'm your biggest supporter.
Somehow this winds up being my fault? You always blame me.
It's the truth. If you'd just loaned me the money last time this never would have happened.
You think that story's gonna make me loan you money?
These guys aren't the kind that'll take an apology. They're the kind that'll break my thumbs.
So pay them back and apologize.
I did something stupid. I had a courier job -- picking up a package from the airport. It turned out to be money -- so I kind of borrowed it to pay my rent and now these dudes are after me.
Come on Frida, I'm not kidding. I'm totally fucked. Let me in.
This really isn't a good time.
It's a matter of life and death.
It's Mark.
Frida? I hear you talking. I know you're in there. Let me in.
I'm kinda borrowing it. Who's this, Mr. Date-Guy?
Where'd you get the bike?
I'm working on it...
You haven't even paid me back the thousand bucks you owe me!
Hey wait, I paid three bucks for that burger. You owe me...
Yeah right... You better go.
Frida, you know you're it for me.
Worried about what all your girlfriends might think?
OUCH that stings! Damn, what am I going to do with my back like this?
I can't help it, it smells so good.
Shit. And you're eating my burger? You don't eat meat.
Oh my god, I'm sorry!
Look what you did!
No.
You do though. You look really... is that a wonderbra?
You never say that.
You look different. I mean you look good.
Since when do you care?
What, you got a date or somethin'?
Very well then. Is that all?
No. I quit. Take your lame ass ideas, your fake ass toupee, your fat ass wife and your ugly ass kids and shove them.
No?
No.
Uh... yes. Not for us. No woman in jeopardy. Find me Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman. Find me a true story about a crazed killer stalking beautiful women.
Mr. Grant. Did you read that script I was talking about?
I'll make a note of that. Put the coverage on my desk.
I think we should do something with strong female characters...
Yes, that's what we're looking for.
I can't read any more crap. These women are all victims.
A little.
Did you change your hair?
How about a "Man in Jeopardy" story?
Your desk.
Coffee and...
On your desk.
Script coverage?
On your desk.
The Nielson's?
Thanks.
Here's a towel.
Okay.
I'm going to take a shower.
I know. The important thing is that it stop.
I'm so sorry... I... I couldn't help it. You know I didn't mean to... to do any of that.
No way can anything be proved. All they have are some wolf hairs. No one believes in werewolves.
What about... those guys... I might have...
Sure. Cheating, lying. What's a little werewolf a few days a month? We can move out to the country where you can feed off deer.
Worse than this?
We can work this out. Other couples have worse problems.
Maybe we should have children. I don't think I'd kill the father of my child.
I knew you wouldn't kill me.
I'm staying here with you tonight. There's no getting rid of me.
No. It doesn't work that way. Men can't get PMS. Unfortunately.
Can't you bite me and then I'll be like you?
Be careful!
I have the silver bullets in case I need to protect myself. Does that make you feel better?
I can't take that chance... I couldn't live with myself if I did anything to you.
I don't think you would. No matter what form you take.
How do you know?
I don't think you'll hurt me.
Peter I love you too but...
I'm not afraid. Frida! I love you.
Go away. I might hurt you.
I knew you wouldn't believe me! Just go away. Go very far away!
If you don't like me, just say so. You don't have to make up some bullshit like you're a werewolf.
No you can't. It... it gets so bad that I become a werewolf.
Yes, your PMS. Frida I can deal with that.
You want the truth? Remember I tried to tell you something the other day?
You at least owe me the truth.
Yes or no? Frida, can't you just be honest with me?
Yes, sort of. I mean no, not really.
What? Is there someone else?
NO! Don't come over. Peter... I... I don't want to see you anymore. Ever.
Frida? You okay? Look, I think I know what happened to Mark. I want to help. I'm coming over.
Hello?
No. But I don't mind hairy. Are you okay?
I did shave... Do I seem hairy? Peter laughs.
No, it's a good thing. I like it. Everything about you is great. I like how you don't shave your legs. Women are so much sexier when they're natural.
They do? Oh no...
Your breasts feel larger.
I loaned him to Jennifer. George moved out and she was lonely...
You know, I've never seen your cat.
They're for my cat. I use them to train him not to rip up paper.
What's with the squirt guns?
I love you too.
You didn't say it.
Like I had to say it? No, I wanted to say it.
Is that how you feel?
No, it's just... no one's ever said that. And I thought if someone did ever say it, I'd have to say it first and then they'd sort of say "I love you too" cause they felt they had to after I'd said it.
Is it that funny?
No, my bite's a lot worse.
You can't mean that. I'm sure your bark is worse than your bite.
This is a lot worse than "Betty."
That's it? Hell my mom chased my dad around with a knife when she had it. She made us call her a different name. She'd say, "You're talking to Betty now" and we'd leave the house for a few days.
Interesting possibility.
Speaking of Mark -- we've tried to track him down and there's no sight of him. Vanished into thin air. I got a hunch he fled the country.
No, but thanks for the warning.
Did I tell you I have the worst sense of humor and I make bad jokes at totally inappropriate times?
What's that supposed to mean?
Except Mark of course.
Yeah, every guy you date winds up dead.
I just don't know if I should be dating anyone right now.
I thought we were starting something... and then... I know it's unorthodox, I mean with you being involved in the case and all.
What happened?
What happened?
No, I got it. It's okay.
I need to talk to you. About us. Frida... I... Can I carry your box?
Yeah sort of. Where's Lloyd?
Frida. I was looking for you. You changing jobs?
He was ripped to shreds also. In his apartment.
No, why?
Still haven't figured out how he or anyone else pulled that off. Never seen anything like it.
But you said the bodies were ripped to pieces?
Mark wouldn't hurt a fly.
No, no... But Mark -- a jealous boyfriend gone mad. Maybe he kills men you date.
It wasn't a date. Jennifer invited me along to dinner with them.
You had a date with Carlton?
Uh... the buzzer's broken. I'll be down in a second.
Frida, can we come in? We need to talk to you. It's important.
Uh.... hi!
A man killed in Central Park.
Everything okay?
NO! I... I checked when I put my stuff in. I always look through the washer first.
You sure? It's my favorite shirt, mind if I check?
No. Nope, nothing in it.
Was there anything in that washer?
I'm sorry -- I'm on edge today.
No. I was doing my laundry.
Oh my god, you scared the shit out of me. You following me again?
Frida, wait. Don't go. We can just sleep. I just want to wake up with you.
No. No, I'm fine. Maybe I should go. I mean... I don't want our first time to be like this.
I mean we can still... whatever... Maybe I should get a towel?
My period? No.
Oh, nothing's wrong. Just... well don't you have your period?
What's wrong?
Okay, you busted me.
I'm a cop -- I notice everything. That drawer's ajar, that picture's been moved about an inch, the closet wasn't closed when I left...
Oh just my wolf paraphernalia. Some people collect beanie babies... I collect silver bullets.
What are they for?
Silver bullets. A collectors item. These are very valuable. They were melted down from a crucifix.
What are those?
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Yeah. Maybe.
Thanks for the walk. Maybe we could... get a bite sometime?
I really gotta get going.
He's bad news. He cheated on me, he insults me. Now suddenly he gets jealous if I have a date.
Me neither. That's why I wear briefs... So why did you and... Mark break up?
Cool. I don't get guys who wear boxers. My ex wore boxers. I never got how he could wear khakis and not have his boxers bunch up.
Briefs.
How about you? Briefs or boxers?
Yeah but a guy hung like a horse would need briefs to keep things in line.
A lot of people don't wear underwear.
You know how moms always tell you to wear clean underwear in case you're in an accident? Well this guy wasn't wearing any underwear.
Like what?
Sometimes it's frustrating. Like this Gregory Jameson case. We don't even know what killed him. I'm putting together little details to see if we're missing something.
I've read scripts about detectives, but never met one. Must be wild.
The weird thing is I've had an odd, morbid fascination with wolves ever since.
I'm so sorry Peter. Gee, that sure puts my problems in perspective.
We lived in northern Minnesota. She went for a walk one night and they never found her body -- just her torn apart clothes with her blood and wolf blood on them. Then the town rounded up bunch of hunters and shot all the wolves in the area.
Oh my god, by wolves?
I've had time to get over it. She was killed by wolves they think.
I'm sorry.
No, she died when I was twelve.
Used to? Did it stop finally?
My mom used to get PMS too.
I can forgive you a bestseller.
It's stupid.
No really, I love knowing what people read.
Oh, it's nothing.
So what book did you buy?
Okay well. Maybe some other time. They continue walking together.
No. Really. I don't drink coffee anymore. I used to love it but my tastes have changed recently.
Some decaf then? That was stupid. Obviously you said you were staying away from caffeine as a nice way of blowing me off.
I'm trying to stay away from caffeine.
You wanna get some coffee?
There's a lot of that going around.
That's my ex. He's an asshole. In case you couldn't tell. I think he's been following me.
Being a cop has such a warm effect on people.
At least let me give you this back. I washed it.
I gotta get going. Peter gets the pillowcase out of his bag.
Intriguing?
No... no... this is embarrassing. I was returning your pillowcase... and I saw you cross the street... and I sort of started following you. I just find you really intriguing. I don't know why.
Are you following me?
You busted me.
Okay, if you think of anything else, please give us a call.
I wish I could help but last I saw Gregory was outside my front door.
We... he walked me home and... we said goodnight. Um, he kissed me goodnight and that was it.
When's the last time you saw him?
You use the word "fucking." You're sexualizing things. Stop berating yourself. It's okay to have sex.
Cause I'm a fucking werewolf!!
You say you killed a man and don't remember it. Couldn't you have had sex and not remember it? It's sexual. Why did you choose "eating him" as the method of killing?
We didn't have sex.
Dreams about killing usually signify feelings of guilt. You had sex last night and you feel guilty.
I don't know. I don't remember doing it.
And how did you feel when you ate this guy?
I ate a guy last night.
Let's explore this. What makes you feel you're a werewolf?
I think I'm a werewolf.
Oh, I see... interesting theory.
That I'm a doormat of course. The shrink makes more notes.
Packages of money.
No he's not. He's a courier. He picks up packages from the airport.
How big?
No, I have a cat.
You got a dog?
No. We left the restaurant, and... and I felt sick... so... so I took a cab home. Alone.
What makes you think I was the last one?
Seems you were the last to see Carlton alive. And the last to see Gregory alive.
Yes, Jennifer told me. What does that have to do with me?
You heard about Carlton Fraser?
No, take it.
We can get a warrant if you like.
No, I said it was our first date.
A kiss? Did you have sex with him?
Looks like it was your only date. Unless you go to his funeral.
No, it was our first date.
Did he come home with you? Did you go to his apartment?
Yes... I... we had dinner.
Oh my god, what happened?
It's about Gregory Jameson. He's dead.
She's my best friend. I gotta be there for her -- no matter how crazy it sounds. I've been in some bad relationships and she's been there for me. She's lonely. If pretending she's a werewolf helps, then more power to her.
You can't believe this bullshit.
Take some allergy medicine.
Oh great. What the fuck am I supposed to do?
Don't be stupid George. Obviously if she's a werewolf, she can't be around a cat. She might eat it and besides, cats are afraid of wolves.
You have some weird friends. What does her thinking she's a werewolf have to do with us having the cat?
It's so bad she becomes a werewolf.
I'm supposed to put up with a fuckin' cat I'm allergic to cause your friend's got PMS?
Tell her I'm eating.
It's for you. Frida.
So now being with Frida is lucky? I thought you said she was a flake.
Carlton insisted on leaving with her. Maybe he got lucky.
I wonder how Frida and Carlton are getting along?
She'll talk about PMS and stare at her salad.
She's just insecure. Once you get to know her she's fabulous.
She's just so... pathetic.
Come on, I've been working with Frida. Carlton won't even recognize her now. She's really coming out of her shell.
Yeah and when we're mad at each other we're out of sync. It only works if you're on good terms.
He was saying that when women are close friends they get their periods at the same time.
Two bags for them, and one bag for your head in case her two fall off.
So I asked the bartender what "coyote ugly" meant. It's like the "bagger" system. You know, a two- bagger -- someone so ugly that you need two bags -- one bag to put on their head and another one in case it blows off. Or a three-bagger...
He's been running money for the Mafia.
See he was cheating from the get go.
I don't know, I guess the outfits are cool. And I want a big gun.
Why would you want to be a cop?
I was thinking about becoming a cop myself. Do you take a test or something or just sign up?
We can just take this pillowcase.
You want her sheets?
We're just trying to figure out what happened.
How the hell is that your business?
Yeah, sorry. Uh... Gregory's roommate told us you were out with him last night.
Jesus Christ she got her period. Relax guys. It happens.
Can't figure out the species. Similar to a wolf. They're jokin' at the lab that a werewolf probably killed him. Ain't that the stupidest thing you ever heard?
What kind of animal?
Just this morning. Animal hairs were found all over the victims.
Did we get those DNA tests back?
And that was 28 days ago today.
So... they're on some cycle. The murders... Gregory... then 28 days later... Carlton.
She says she's on the rag every time I get called in to investigate a murder.
What makes her think that?
My girlfriend's predicting another murder in the next few days.
Which brings up an interesting point. I wasn't following you. I was following the suspect. And you just happened to be there...
What the fuck are you following me for? I'm not a suspect here.
I know. I followed you. To the zoo, to her house, to your house...
What are you talking about?
And fifth, you're dating her.
Okay Lloyd. First, no way does Frida have the physical strength to tear a guy to shreds. Second, why would she be so obvious and let it be known she was the last one to see these guys? Third, she's the one in danger. She's a woman in jeopardy and you're layin' a murder rap on her. Fourth, I look in her eyes and know she's no killer.
It has to be Frida. This makes three guys ripped apart who are tied to her ass.
Hard to tell. Looks like he's been cleaned up and he's decomposing as we speak. This case gets weirder by the minute.
You think mafia hit?
Like a vampire or some shit?
It's like some fucking monster dropped out of the sky and killed these dudes.
It's a bit farfetched that Mark would rip guys to shreds just outta jealousy. This makes no sense.
Spencer's the key here. Frida is in no way associated with him. And her blood hasn't matched with any of the killings.
One of our only leads... You had dates with both men right before they were killed.
Seems he's stolen money from them. He's desperate and our only lead.
This one walk you home too?
He means the last that we know of.
She wasn't the last one to see them alive. Whoever killed them was.
Yeah okay. I still say Frida's involved. She's the last one to see two dudes alive...
Deal. And if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away, shoot him.
Poseur was missing a chunk of his neck. And his eyes were open. That always bugs me out. Do me a favor, if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away, remind me to close my fuckin' eyes.
The park dude was missing an arm.
Nah, East Village poseur was grosser than the dude in the park.
You take the cake Lloyd. Come on, she's not here. Let's check out her psycho ex.
Sounds like you got a conflict of interest.
She's not a suspect. What is her motive? There's nothing, NOTHING connecting her to either crime except that she dated both guys.
She's got a hidden pitbull. Maybe she hired someone to kill them.
Okay Lloyd, you tell me how she killed them.
This is more than fishy, this chick dates a dude and he winds up dead.
We only live a few blocks apart.
I still don't get when you gave her back the pillowcase.
And he was missing an arm.
He was found nearly ripped to shreds in Central Park.
And you think I'm sick?
What?
Hairy women are kind of sexy. Women in their natural state.
Back in the '80's. You didn't see the pictures? They were from before she got famous. She was hairy as hell. Her pits, her bush.
Madonna's in Penthouse?
Waiting for DNA tests. He was hairier than Madonna in Penthouse.
Maybe. What about all those hairs they found on his body?
I checked all the zoos. No missing animals. You think a pitbull?
She was never a suspect Lloyd. Some animal must have done this.
Hey, there was a lot of blood.
I told you she was innocent.
Frida's sheets checked out fine. It was just her own blood. From her... you know.
Nah, man, I'm just saying, you should never date a woman who was the last one to see a guy alive.
I can tell she's not a killer. You just don't like her cause you have a hang up about menstruation.
No man. Blood is not a turn on. You sure let that Frida off the hook. You weren't even going to take the sheets. If I didn't know better, I'd think you liked her.
Oh, so you decide to be a cop? Seriously? You don't have sex with a woman cause she's on the rag?
Hell no, I'm not into that shit. The sight of blood makes me sick.
That dude was torn limb from limb. No way a woman like that could have done it. You never seen blood on a chick's sheets from her period?
I didn't trust her. All that blood on the sheets. She may look sweet, but she could be a wolf in sheep's clothing. Something's weird.
Torn apart. Limb from limb. A bloody gruesome mess.
He was found a few blocks away.
Hey, you hear about the chick that came in today? Said some chick bit her at Victoria's Secret. Bitches are outta control these days.
You're some catch Lloyd.
You kiddin'? They try to get ME drunk.
Man, you're livin' dangerously. Let me ask you somethin', you always have to get women drunk before they'll sleep with you?
Nah, I don't wanna break up with Wanda, I just wanna see Carmen too.
Yeah, Im like that.  Senility says the wife.  But she sure cant complain.  Heh.  The erector set still works good.  And this aint no fucking rug! Ghead.  Feel it!  All mine!
Not really...
Mnunn.  Cold lately.  That night, couple weeks ago.  That was <u>real</u> cold.  Remember that?
Nope.  No maps.  Ocean, huh?  On vacation?
The city.  I need to get to the ocean.
What of?
Sell maps?
Only two bucks.  Shave as well...
Thanks.  Just some pills.
Looks like you need a haircut to me.
I need something to keep me awake.
Well, sir...  I don't know exactly.
How will we interrogate them?
They don't speak English...
No one available.
Jesus.  Small world.  Where's the photographer?
His wife.
The other one?
All the same entry wounds.  It's definitely him.  She lives...  lived here.  A prostitute.
I <u>know</u> it's his doctor...  I need the file on..  Daniel Paul Schreber M.D.
Says he is the man's doctor...  You know...
What's he doing here?
Spinning backwards?
Maybe ten minutes...  Thats strange.
How long have you been here?
I'm afraid so.
Was that for real down there?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you, Inspector.  Have patience  - you'll see for yourself.
What is this place?
Just like that?
In there.
I think it's time you introduced us to your little friends.
Please, they'll kill me...
You are mistaken.
That's surprising.  He was leaving your office at the time...
I don't know what you're talking about.
I met a friend of yours the other night, doctor.  Tall fellow.  No hair.  Rather pale skin...
Loose ends?
To tell you the truth, I'm glad we've run into each other like this.  Maybe you can help me tidy some loose ends.
Yes, of course.  Everything's fine...
You seem a little edgy.  Everything okay?
He's seriously disturbed...
Really?  And how is his state of mind?
Just visiting my patient.
Doctor!  What brings you here?
Shut up!  Everybody stay calm...
He tried to kill me!
Police.  Nobody move.
Yes, sir.
Bumstead, you're starting to annoy me.  This case is very important to me.  Just a little warning:  I've got my eye on you inspector, remember that.
How could you have been so stupid?
Yes, sir.  I'm sorry...  But I don't understand how it was possible.  The only window was twenty feet up a vertical wall, he was cuffed...
I see...
Yes.  That's right.  He's ill  -  he needs expert help.
What makes you think that!  If you would learn to concentrate on facts, not get so side-tracked  -  you might get things done faster, Bumstead...
Lost something?
Actually, I was wondering, sir, if you could let me have a few uniforms, to follow up for me...
Ill be the judge of that.  Anything else?
Its extremely important to my investigation...
A hunch.  He might be able to...
Why do you want to speak to him?
Shes getting better, thanks.  She...
Thompson suffered a kind of severe delusion or some damn thing.  Anyway he isnt with us any longer.  The case is yours.  Go through his files. Take what you need.  By the way, hows your mother?
What about Thompson, sir?  Wasnt this his case?
I see.  One things for sure, hes ambitious. Youll be a busy man from now on.
Germs, sir.  These places are full of them.
Why are you wearing that thing on your face?
Yes.  This way.
Good evening, sir.
All the important stuff.  Wrap it up for me.
Yes, sir.  <u>Everything</u>?
I need everything on the Jonathan White case.
Put it through...
Won't say.  Says he must talk to you.
Who is it?
Well be more careful, please.
Why, yes.
Do you wash your hands before you type things?
Im sorry...
How can I submit this?
<u>Fine</u>?  Look here!
It seems fine.
Wrong?  Look at this!
Yes, sir.  Anything wrong?
You typed this report?
Fine.
You wont regret this, sir.
Good.
Ive taken the liberty and had Inspector Thompsons office searched, as I believe you instructed.  All clear now, sir.  They found several more traps and things were filed under pretty strange categories... Poor man.
The Chief-Inspector thought you might need a hand.
I didnt requisition a secretary.
Im your new assistant.
Patricia Crenshaw.
Dont ever sneak up on me like that! Who are you?
Sorry, sir.
Dammit!
This ocean business...  I know where I can find a map.  I need to go back to the station.  Where will you be?
What now?
It sure isn't the fun-fair.
Where do you think this goes?
Why, that's ridiculous.  You just...
Well.  The only thing I've been certain of, all this time, is that I need to get to the ocean.  The point is no one seems to know how to get there.
Go on.
That's right.  Just seamless flesh across the front of their heads.  No mistake.  I just hadn't remembered it that way.  Up until then they had been normal little girls in my memory.  That's not all.  Once I started examining them, all sorts of things about my life, had... inconsistencies.  It was like a game. I would think about a person or a place, or an event.  Then I would turn the lights off.  Sit down in a comfortable chair...  And study each detail of this subject.
What?
They didn't have faces.
Don't know much, do you?
Don't know that either.
Why are they after you?
I don't know who they are.
Who?
People...  after me.
I woke up in a subway.  I don't know how I got there.
That was a pretty good escape act at the station.  How did you do that?
I  -  ah - couldn't think of anything else to do.  I thought maybe you know something...  I'm scared.
Why give yourself up?
Shut-up.
Where are we going?
A few days...  a few weeks  -  dunno, I can't remember.  Worse thing is, I never know if it will change back again...  Now, please leave me alone.
But...  How long has this been happening?
No...  No doctor...
Jesus!  We have to get you to a doctor...
What is going on?
Is that your idea of a joke?  I don't remember...  Take my advice, Bumstead.  Get off this case.  Now.
What?  Who has?
They've taken my mind, my memories...
Not that.  Anything else.
I'm on the serial killer case, need to talk.
Can't let you in...  sorry.
It must be a closet or something.
Where does it lead?
Yes.
You see it?
No.  Have a look.
Such a joker!  Like your father.
There.  Behind the cabinet.  Where does it go?
Which one?
What is that door?
Look!  This is a good one!
Shut up, freak!  Monster!  You are insignificant.
I didn't realise...
Wait, this isn't fair...
I see.  The verdict, yes...
But I...
A book of delusions.  Anything else?
Everyone has a job  -  a function.  Each one teaches you more about your invention.  I'm what is called a <u>murderer</u>.
A fanciful idea, Mister White.
Please...
Shut up!
Dont kill me!
Just let me sit here for a moment? Ill go soon, and stop bothering you.
I see.  Then who is after you?  What sins have you committed?
No.  I mean...  that isnt necessary.
Then we must call the police.
Someones after me.
You seem restless.
No.  I, ah...
We are...  living in their dreams...
What is it?
I'm...  being...  punished.
What happened to you?
Nothing.  I don't know anything!
What are you hiding?
No it isn't.  <u>You</u> are doing it!  Now raise it over the glass and...
It's a trick.
Don't ask stupid questions.  Look at it.
Why?
Please!  Don't be foolish!  Time is short.  Let me show you something. Look at this syringe.
You've been working too hard.
Everyone get's one  -  very much like this...  But this one's special.  It will help you understand, everything...
Not that again...
If you would only take this, inject it in your brain, everything would be much clearer.
So you're telling me the truth <u>this</u> time?  Is that it!
No, it's the truth.
You're a liar!
You can't go yet.  We've got so much to talk about...
I have to go...
What are you doing?
I don't blame you for getting angry. You are in a frustrating situation. You must be patient though.  Trust me completely.  I'm here to help.
I'm sorry.  About before.
Maybe.
Can I get my life back?
Anything <u>but</u>, my friend.
I'm nothing then.
We are little more than a sum of memories.  From them we reference who we are, where we're going.  Without a past we are nothing.  This is why you are so interesting.
You remember nothing, eh?  Let me show you something.
Horrible...
Not exactly.  She was found in a canal, disembowelled.  Throat cut. Blood drained.  The body wrapped in a bed-sheet.
Did she drown?  The woman you told me about?
I told you, I can't remember a thing!
I cannot say...  You don't know the answer to that?
Well...
Known me for long?
That's right.  I <u>am</u> your doctor.
You're supposed to be my doctor, right?
If you like.
Tell me about them...
Yes.
Bad dreams?
That's what people keep telling me.
Your name is John White.
Asks my name.  Over and over.  Just like a broken record.  Only thing is, I can't answer.  I've no idea what my name <u>is</u>.
What does she say?  The woman.
Waves...  A beach.  A woman whispering.  That's all.  I need to stay awake.  Do you have any pills?
Water?
You think I haven't been trying!  It's like there was never anything there.  Just water.
Ah, that would be cheating, wouldn't it?  Is there nothing <u>you</u> remember?  Not even a detail?   You must try.
You know something about me?
You remember nothing?  Who you are? What you've done?
That's easy.  You...
How do I get there?  Tell me.
They're dead, John.
I can't do that.  It's dangerous. What about my parents?  Do you know where I can find them?
Of course you are.  You couldn't do those terrible things.  Come home with me  -  maybe things will make sense then...
How do you know I'm innocent?
It's the truth...  I need you.  I know you're innocent.
I thought it would make more sense. I'm getting the pieces, but when I put it together it feels like... Like you're telling me about somebody else's life...
I'm the President and as they say 'The buck stops here.'  So I take full responsibility for every one of my illegal acts.
Die, you pond scum!
Fine.
Fine?
Fine...
You're fired.
Yeah.
Oh... I'm fired?
I said you're fired.  Go on -- get outta here.
... what?
Well, maybe I am.  But you're fired.
You're lint!  You're a flea!  You're a blip!
I'm... not... nobody...
You're nothing.  Do you understand me! You're NOBODY...
Share...
You mean the press conference?  I have a couple of ideas I wanted to share with the country.
What do you think you're doing?!
Yes, Bob.   Choices... Now the Commerce Department..,
Choices???
Great.
.. Nothing.
Well it's a last minute change.
Uh, Mr. President... I don't believe that's on your agenda today.
) Listen, you little...
Lots of shelters were in this bill.
Alan
That shelter was in this bill.
No...
The Washington Post.
What the hell is this ?
What the hell is this?
I mean,  if it's a problem...
Mr. President...
`Thanks for doing this, Ellen.'
Now when she comes in, we'll move you right out to the balcony.  All you have to say is  `thanks for doing this, Ellen.'
... Alright.
Be a professional. If you can convince her - - you can convince anybody.
It's in the little leaguer who may strike out but knows in his heart that at least swung...  Hands to the side...
Dave...
Oh, sure.  Remember the convention speech?
I'm not certain about...
Great.
First thing we're gonna work on is the mannerisms.  Alan has put together sort of a training program
I promise.  I won't.
Right and don't embellish.
A month.
For a month.
And we're going away for a holiday.
Okay, let's go over it again. You met a girl, you fell in love...
Don't worry about it.
What's with her?
Don't worry.
Now, remember -- keep it simple.
Oh... Okay.
We'll be back for you first thing tomorrow and if you need me for anything, Duane will be right outside the door.
Holy cow.
It happens.  This is where you'll be sleeping.
You're kidding?
They barely talk anymore.
Don't worry.  You won't even see her.
First Lady...
Uh -- I don't know.   Sometimes it's just like a barter thing...  Is this legal?
How much do you usually get paid?
The usual...
No more than the usual.
Is this dangerous or anything?
What?
Uh --Mr. Alexander?
Right.
Don't say a .
`Cause you know I can do other stuff. I mean,  if you wanted me to talk or...
Wave from the door... go down the stairs... get into the limo...
Yeah... You just want me to wave, right?
You understand what you'll be doing?
Jesus...
... But as I began to investigate, I realized that this pattern of corruption extended much higher...
Uh-oh...
Sort of... Yeah.
Are you threatening me?
Just what you think I mean.
What do you mean by that?
Then we'll all go to jail together.
I'll lock him away for good.
Don't do this.
Was he a senator? Is he on the Trilateral Commission? Was he in Who's Who In Washington NINE YEARS Reed wrestles him away from the door, as Bob struggles to get free.  I'll destroy him, Alan. I'll shred the bastard!!!
Bob...
It's not his job -- It's my job!
He was only doing his job.
Well, I didn't mean it, Alan. Why the fuck would I want to save a homeless shelter?
I heard you.  You said 'cut three hundred million dollars from the federal budget, and you can keep your homeless shelter.'
What I told him to?
He's only doing what you told him to.
I can kill a HUNDRED ordinary people.
Bob...
He's not a President! He's an ordinary person.  I can kill an ordinary person.
You can't kill a President.
I'm going to kill him.
What are you gonna do?
I don't think so.
Do we have anything on the budget today?
Oh.  Fine.
Hundredth cabinet meeting.  I thought it was a nice touch.
What's with the cameras?
Dave, these things get awfully complicated sometimes...
No!...  WE didn't anything...
I'm telling you, Bob,  it's a gift. When you got a Ferrari you don't leave it in the garage.
Three years.
How long have you been waiting to pass that thing?
You're kidding.
And look at this.  Russell came around on the trade bill.
Alan, we still have to control this guy...
Couple of days.  Anyhow, look at these tracking polls, they'll burn up in your hands: seventy- three percent with seniors, eighty- four with working mothers...
When does it break?
Remember that First Liberty stuff we almost got nailed on?
I don't want him caring about his wife! What about the Vice President!
It's gonna be great.  'Caring about his wife.'  'Spending time on her favorite issue...'
Oh.  Excuse me.
It's a homeless shelter.
You scheduled a whole day with the First Lady?
Uh, let me get back to you...
Are you out of your mind?
Okay, let's see... you can have him on Tuesday the 25th...
You think we can keep this thing going for a couple of months!
If we find nothing, we get creative. Just make something up.  Instead of a couple weeks it'll be a couple of months.  The whole thing is under control.
We've got nothing, Bob.  This won't work.
Nobody's got clean kids.
Clean.
Check his kids.
Clean.
What about the wife?
The guy's a Boy Scout, Bob.  He declared frequent flyer miles on his income tax return.
No one gets to be Vice President by being that clean.
I mean I've checked everything. Women.  Liquor... Finances.  I went all the way back to his high school race for student body president.
What do you mean, he's clean?
Clean.
I just hope this yutz can pull it off.
Everybody else is buying the minor stroke'  story...
Fine.
I told her his blood pressure went up after a little incident at  `the hotel.' She seems to hate him more than ever.
And...
Her?... Oh -- the First Lady...  She was giving that commencement speech up in Bryn Mawr.  I managed to catch her before she left the hotel.
What about her.
Duane's guys, but he's got them under control.
Is that everybody?
I got the nurses for fifty grand a piece and the doctors for a hundred. The older one wanted head of the CDC.
What about containment, Alan?
Oh, I know. And then when our poor President gets another stroke - - of course much more serious this time - - the newly appointed V.P. becomes the Pres...
I was a senator, you know.
You mean we get `Dave' to nominate you as Vice President.
It's simple, Alan.  We send the Vice- President to Africa or something, dig up some dirt on him, force him to resign and get our `President' to nominate a new one.  The whole thing takes a few weeks tops.
Do you know how many different kinds of laws we've broken?
Yes.
We think so.
Exactly. A condition.
A condition...
Soon.
Up and around?  Soon?
Yes - - and that he ought to be up and around sometime soon.
Mild stroke?
Well, start by going on television and saying that he's had a mild stroke...
Like how?
Look, everything can be handled.  We'll just find a way to handle it.
Bob, the guy had a stroke!
TilT we figure something out.
Till what?
This is mine, Al -- all mine ... I made him. I built him.  And no cocksucker is gonna come in here and take it away from me just because he to be Vice President of the United States!
Bob...
I don't give a shit.
The guy's in a coma, Bob.
Just don't call him, Alan!
... What?
Don't call the Vice President!
Look... at some point we're going to have to call the Vice President...
Nightmare...
She's a little hysterical right now. We've got her upstairs in a laundry room.
Where's the girl?
I know.
I can't believe he'd do this.
They say it hit both sides of his brain... Even if he makes it he's gonna be a vegetable.
Well -- take care.
That'd be great.
Thanks. You did great.  Maybe later you could come back and we could go to Camp David or something.
It's alright.  I know what you mean. Let's start at the top.
Well, there's lots of places where I think you can save, but I'm not the one who's ....... I mean, I'm not the one who's not the Pres...
So what do we do?
Yeah.  That's how you end up with a 400 billion dollar deficit.
You could buy it on payments.
You know -- priorities.  Remember when you couldn't get your car fixed `cause you wanted to get that piano?
Choices?
Well, yeah.  But you gotta start making some choices.
I'm not surprised.  Can we save anywhere?
I just think they make this stuff a lot more complicated than it has to be.
I'm not sure.
I gotta tell ya, Dave.  I've been going over this a bunch of times and a lot of this stuff just doesn't add up.  Who does these books?
I'm not sure.
I gotta tell ya, Dave.  I've been going over this a bunch of times and a lot of this stuff just doesn't add up.  Who does these books?
I am the government.
The government
And who's gonna find out?
This is undeclared income.
I don't think so
Why would they do that.  They hired me.
They could put you in jail.
It's fine.
I'm serious, Dave -- you could get in a lot of trouble for something like this.
Oh. Okay.  I'll catch ya tomorrow then.
I was gonna do something with Joan.
Oh yeah... Me, too.  You want to get dinner later?
Dave -- I'm working.
So you want to go swimming?
He's not.
Now he's making stuff up about me.
She knows.
`Dave'?
Absolutely.  Well, that might be kind of tough. Once the press starts smelling blood...
We've got to fix this.
Oh, I know, I know... It looks awfully bad.  It's really embarrassing.  But it was Bob's idea.
Alan...
Wrong...
This is wrong, Alan!
We had to, Dave. The guy's a choir boy.
What do you mean you made it all up?
Right.  We can pick up on the rest tomorrow.
Let's call it a night.   I can't take any more.
But we went there.  We saw those kids.
Dave, the budget's a very complicated thing.  Even I don't understand it sometimes.  Now occasionally we have to make some cuts and...
We vetoed that?
President vetoes works bill?
Quick.  Gimme a quarter.
What?
Gimme a quarter.
Fine.
Fine.
She hardly ever sees him and it'll be so fast, she won't have a chance to tell.
Yeah, but the First Lady... Couldn't we start with a cousin or something?
It's just five minutes.  She comes in. You wave to the press. She leaves.
I thought you said I wasn't going to see her.
'... It's in the gentle kindness of the family kitchen as we gather together when the sun goes down...'
Dave!
'America isn't in what we say here tonight -- it's in the faces and the smiles of a Sunday afternoon...'  Hand on the heart...
Dave...
... Somewhere there is a distant light, guiding us through this rocky shoal...'
Thanks, I wrote it.
That's at a press conference. Otherwise he just puts `em right out there.
What?
At a press conference.
Right.  Now whenever he stands at a Podium, the President always puts one hand in the pocket of his coat...
Presence.
Oh.
I don't think so.
The teleprompter.  Is it hooked up?
What?
A teleprompter.
Now some of this may feel a bit Strange at first.  You gotta remember that even a professional Politician has Some trouble getting used to...
I see what you mean.
In the car.
In the car?
Now,  let's say the whole country. Was in that car.   The entire United States of America.
Well... I gues I would... Yeah.
Well,  let's say your mother was in the car and you had to get her to a hospital.  You'd do it then for sure wouldn't you?
I'm not sure... I might have.
You know, on an empty road where you know it's safe and nobody's around...
Really?   Crazy?
I'm afraid so.
No.
Oh, yeah... probably...
Will he be alright?
Oh my gosh...
It's actually kind of serious, Dave. I'm afraid the President's not in very good shape.
Well, it's...  It's sort of an... an `incident'  really...
What happened?
I know...  I know...  It's difficult for all of us.  But sometimes we have to put our personal feelings aside and focus on the gQod of the country.
Oh my God...
Extend them.  C'mere for a second.
Extend things?
In fact, we think you did such a good job, we'd like to extend things a little bit.
We're not upset with you, Dave.  We think you did a terrific job.  Don't we?
Look, I'm sorry.  I know you said not to talk, but when I saw the crowd I just got excited...
Now, Dave, something has come up and I think we need to talk about it...
Oh yeah... 1'm fine...
You sure?  A Coke or a Perrier or something?
Well I'm sure that's really important, but I don't want to tell some eight- year-old kid he has to sleep in the street because we want people to feel better about their cars.  Do you want to tell him that?
Yes, but I wouldn't...
So we're spending forty-seven million dollars to make people feel better about a car they've already bought?
Well... to shore up product identification and preserve market share.
Why?
Yes, it's designed to bolster individual confidence in a previous domestic automotive purchase.
Perceptual?
No,  sir.  It's more of a perceptual issue.
Does it make the cars any better?
And it's proving quite effective...
You're spending forty-three million dollars on an ad campaign to...  'Boost consumer confidence in the American auto industry.'
Yes, Mr. President?
Oh... Kinda the same way.
How'd you get started?
My wife was my campaign manager. We had a two thousand dollar budget.
Really?
One day my wife says to me 'Why don't you try running for office.  You talk about it all the time, why don't you just do it?'  So I tell my boss I have a dentist appointment and I go down to the registrar of voters on my lunch break.  Next thing I know, I'm a councilman.
You know.  Your first campaign.
What?
You ever think back to how you started.
Yeah... Sometimes they do.
... Sometimes they do.
He's not gonna win -- not in the end... They never do.
Yeah.
Dirty business we're in sometimes.
Oh... Hi.
I just fired Bob Alexander.
What do you mean?
They re not my attack dogs.
All I've got is my integrity.  That's all I have.  Now I don't know why you turned your attack dogs on me.
The Fidelity nonsense...
Oh, come on, we're not children.  I didn't have anything to do with this Fidelity nonsense and you know it.
Something like what...
Certainly.
Mr. President, may I speak frankly with you?
Ah.
Fertility beads.
What are they?
And these are a gift from the King of To go.
Oh... Thanks.
This is from the people of Burundi...
Thanks, Duane.
I would have taken a bullet for I you, Dave.
No thanks.  It's not that far.
You sure you don't want a lift back home?
Well...
Well...
Oh... right...  You know, ever since the stroke...
The Vice-President...
Who?
Oh, sure.  Don't worry about it.
That's okay.  You alright down here by yourself?
Didn't mean to bum you out.
Yeah, but Bob found me when I was stuck in Firearms and Tobacco...
But Bill was your king, not Bob.
No... They don't kid.
You're kidding.
First thing they teach you at the academy.  `Don't give me gold and silver, or other worldly things, just the pride and glory of bleeding for my King.'
What's that?
`Bleed for your king.'
You mean with you and everything?
I had a feeling.
I was waiting for that jack.
But it's ten-thirty at night.
Call Bob and Reed.  Tell them I need them immediately.
Certainly.
Well, is that really true? I mean, would you really get killed just to save his life.
What about it?
Huh.  You know what I always wondered the way they say you guys'd take a bullet for the President.
No.
You ever use it?
Of course.
You got a gun?
Yeah.
So you just protect the President the whole time?   That's your whole job?
Oh.
I can't say.
You mean you don't know or like -- you can't say.
I can't say.
So, how long have they been like that - - you know, him and the First Lady?
Really?
We'd like to hire you.
Really?
On occasion for security purposes, to double for the President at the Secret Service hires someone public functions and exposed situations.
What?
Your government needs your help.
No.
You're not?
Mr. Kovic.   We're not here about your taxes.
Oh my God...  I thought it was a legitimate deduction, I swear to God. See... I need a piano for my work sometimes...
Yeah... It could be fun.
It could be fun.
Oh... I lived with a President.  It isn't any fun.
... Not exactly the Oval Office.
So this is it?
... Me, too.
I missed...
I know.
I never thought I'd...
Yeah, well... It's finally over.
I saw you on T.V... at his funeral.
It's nice.
) Thought I needed a little change.  You like it?
Hi.
Hi.
What?
Yeah.   He's a good man.
I sure fall for some weird guys.
Yeah.  And it's better than not believing it Their faces are inches apart.
You really believe that?
Yeah, but we got a little bit done. And if you do a little and I do a little... then maybe the next guy'll do a little...
They're crucifying you out there.
Looks like we're not going to get a chance to get much done.
What's wrong?
That's okay.
I mean, I want to... I just, I feel strange...
I know. I'm sorry...
I can't.
What?
Yeah... Bedtime.
Well I guess...
It was inspirational.
It was okay?
But you could go to jail for it.
I know.
You know, Dave -- it is Dave, isn't it?  I can't keep all of this a secret.
Well don't get carried away -- I'm not that good at it.
It's just more than anybody else does around here.
Yeah.  Is that funny?
You find people jobs?
You know, secretaries and stiff.
I run a temp agency.
Yes.
You mean when I'm not running the country?
So what do you do the rest of the time?
I guess.
You have a lot of secrets.
That's a secret.
Just wait.
I really don't have much of an appetite.
I'm starving.   There's got to be something open around here.
What?
Are you hungry?
He wasn't always like that, anyway.
In fact,  I'm not anything like him and... I guess I want you to know that.
I'm not Bill Mitchell.
I lock at you and I see Bill...  I mean, he's almost dead, but he's right here... I mean, you're right here... alive and...
It's just so strange...
What?
Oh... Okay.
He said he'll pick it up in a couple of days.
Thanks.
I don't mind.
You don't have to keep walking with me.   I'm okay from here.
Truman used it all the time.
You sure this goes somewhere?
I don't know.  I hadn't thought it out that far.
How were you gonna get home?
I never wanted to hurt anybody.  In fact... I even thought I was helping.
You1re leaving, too?
Just souvenirs.  Towels and stuff.
Oh, they didn't brief you on that? How sloppy of them.
Where's home?
Home.
Where are you going?
I'm not the First Lady, anymore.  I shouldn't be here.
You're leaving?
I'm sure they did.  'State of Emergency.'  'National Security.' You ever hear of the Constitution?
They asked me to help.
When were you all planning to tell me? A year from now?   After the election...  What's going on here? Dave hesitates.
I don't know.
I mean, what is it?  Another Secretary? A jaunt to the Bahamas with Some 'campaign worker.'  Where is he?
You weren't in the state legislature.
Oh yeah?  Me, too.
Kind of reminds me of that thing you did back in the state legislature.
Oh, I don't think so.  Still, you helped a lot of people.
Anybody would have done it.
That was quite a thing you did today.
No.
Mind if I sit down?
Oh... Yeah.
I saw the light.  I thought maybe you were up.
... . Ellen.
There's no mistake, Bill.   If you veto their funding, it's not a mistake. If you hurt someone intentionally, it's not a mistake.
Look.  If there was some mistake...
You made their funding disappear!
What's wrong with a magic trick?
That's not just a works bill you vetoed -- that would have given these kids homes...  ... When I think about that little spectacle you pulled with those muppets and that magic trick...
I don't understand.
... You know, if you want to be the same old bastard, that's fine.  I can handle it.   But don't pull this 'man of the people' bullshit and then do something like this.
Oh, come on, Bill.  Don't patronize me.   I'm not one of your little...  Turn around.  I'm talking to you!... Turnaround!
... How could I what?
Yeah.  I'm sure it's keeping you up nights.
I care about the homeless.
Since when do you care about the homeless?
What?
You don't change, do you, Bill?
Thanks for doing this, Ellen?
Don't you have anything to say to me?
I'm outta here.
You bet.
Go tuck yourself, Bill.
Thanks for doing this, Ellen.
Uh...
What are you staring at?
Fabulous.
All set.
Oh yeah.  Did you take care of later on?
Father Mclntire.   He blessed you at the inauguration.
Who's this priest I'm thanking?
It better be.   Last time you had me introduce a dead guy.
It'll be on the teleprompter with the rest of the speech.
What about the intro?
We're all set,  sir.
We're doing our best, sir.
Try to find someone who looks like me this time.  That last guy was a joke.
We're working on it.
Did you get someone to double for me there, out front?
Uh, yes, sir.  The Monroe Hotel...
The Monroe?
Dammit...  I told them no mayo.  See - - I could veto this Simpson Garner thing, but I really don't want to do that...
I wish I had better news... Our compassion index is off seven points from the last sample and that's down eighteen on the year.  The `Cares About People Like Me' numbers are really in the toilet.  We're off twenty points from March and that was right after we raised interest rates...
Nooooo. Believe me. There are no others...no rebels...nobody...it's over...it's ooooo....
How did you know we were on this island? Do others know? Will others come?
To look...look for a place...a place to live in...an empty place...a... new...place...
Then why did you come here?
There are no...headquarters. There are no...rebels. Only the walking dead. Don't you see. They have won.
Where are your headquarters, rebel? Tell me or I'll let you hang there forever...FOREVER!
The mainland...is dead...a dead place...nobody there...
I don't believe you, rebel. Where are your headquarters? On the mainland?
Two of us...only two of us...me...and him. 
I'll bargain with you. How many of you are on the island?
NO...NOOOOOOO...SHOOT ME! SHOOT ME! SHOOOOOOOOOT MEEEEEEEEE!!!
After hanging up there a few days you will be mad for food...crazed! You will lust for it! YOU WILL BE WORSE THAN ANY OF THEM!
And if I don't? If I don't you'll come back after your death. You'll come back and find yourself hanging there...wanting to eat...needing to eat human flesh. You hate that thought, don't you? That's the ultimate sin for most of you fools, isn't it?
Please....shoot me.
Maybe. We'll have a little talk first. Then....maybe...I can help you out. String him up.
Please...senor...destroy me...one bullet...please.
Come on.
It can't be. Are we truly in hell?
Let's just....wait a minute. Get a better look.
What do we do? Let'em know we're here....or what?
Look.
It's some kind of....elevator. There must be something under the ground here....maybe....military.
I dunno. Landing pad for a helicopter? I dunno.
What is it?
No. I didn't stop the infection in time. I know.  Don't worry. When he dies, I won't be like Maria. I'll shoot him.
His madness....could be from shock.
Leave him.
Help me get him to the boat.
Hmmmmmm? Oh, yes. Go on.
You'd hold us back. We have to go on.
Oh, yes. Quiet. Yes. We must be quiet.
Quiet!
I know it hurts. But it won't be long. Then all the pain will be over. Oh, I wish you could hear me. GOD, GIVE HER THE EARS TO HEAR ME SO SHE KNOWS I DON'T WANT HER TO HURT SO!
I have looked bad for four years. Everyone in the world has looked bad for four years. Thank God looks don't matter as much as they once did.
Are you alright, Doc? You look... you look real bad.
The tunnel.
What is it?
You'll find the ways, Miss Mary. And when ya do...we'll sail on over to the mainland...or any other damn mainland fer that matter...and start us a recruitin' program. There's millions o' Bees out there jus' waitin' fer' a General ta lead 'em on ta vict'ry!
It's not a very big army. And small as it is you won't be able to continue feeding it for very long. We've got to find ways of getting them to respond without relying on...
There's no place like this place. Warm climate. This facility. Christ, there ain't nothin' like this no-damn-where! Even the Feds knew that. That's why they stored so much o' their shit down here. It's all mine now. All mine. Just let 'em try ta come after us down here, which they will some day...take a likin' ta what all we got an' come after us. They'll hafta get past my army! An army that ain't afraid ta die...ha ha ha...'cause it's awreddy DAID! HA HA HA HA....
We think there are other cities surviving. We think maybe Detroit... there's some signalling out of Philly.
The great state of Florida. People came here fer years ta die. Retire and expire. The rest o' the country used ta think we was nothin' but a bunch o' farts and fogies. Hah! Now this here's the new Capital o' the World! Hah! They came here...died...went to hell...and the Devil sent 'em back as an army. Hah! General Gasparilla's army...MY ARMY!
That's right. 'Bout eight, if that suits. We'll start out in my gymnasium an' progress on from there...to various other forms o' physical therapy.
Tonight?
gonna change, young lady. Now if you still got a statement you'd like ta make, you can jus' hold onto it 'til tonight.
Listen, Missy. I am the only due process that has ta be served aroun' tyere and one of the people doin' the servin' from now on is gonna be you. Now you been prancin' aroun' the Cave like yer ass was glass fer long enough! All that's
I'm sorry, General, if I...spoke out of turn. It's just that...Mr Tyler is not here to defend himself. He has no representation. I don't believe due process is being served by...
Now I think Captain's punishment is fair, considerin'. In fact I think you ain't got shit ta complain about.
SIDDOWN, YOUNG LADY! I DONE YUP A SHIT-LOAD O' FAVOURS AND I AIN'T NEVER YET ASKED FER NOTHIN' IN RETURN! NOW HOW'D YOU LIKE TA SPEND TWO WEEKS UP T'THE VEGETABLE FARM YERSELF? THAT'S WHAT IT'LL BE IF YA DON'T SIDDOWN AN' SHUT THE HELL UP!
THIS IS A TRAVESTY! CAPTAIN RHODES IS...
SHUT UP, MISS HENRIED! I TOL' YA B'FORE!
Sir. It's quite clear that...
MISS HENRIED, SHUT THE HELL UP!!!
...Captain Rhodes is trying to...
Miss Henried, I think you better...
Well, you managed ta make it here jus' in time fer this case, didn't ya?
I'm sorry. I was...busy. In the lab.
Well, Miss Henried, what a coincidence. You're just in time fer a case that seems ta concern you. Guess you didn't care about the other proceedin's we been dealin' with here this mornin'.
Forever, darlin'. Forever. 'Til he turns ta dust and blows away on the wind.
How long do we have to watch him?
It's...he was...one who came to the island with me.
What is it?
We're only about a quarter-mile from Cave entrance number five.
Looks like just two. We can take 'em when the time comes.
There's hundreds of 'em. Right where we landed our boat.
We always planned to use it. We got some ground up already...but we could never find enough.
Datura! Miguel knew it! Datura, he was shouting! Datura Metel!
Datura Metel. The Devil's Trumpet. Don't worry. I ain't goin' religioso again. It's a flower that grows on these islands. Where I come from the voodoo priests used it whenever they needed a Mickey Finn. It's toxic. Ground up you can put it in a drink or inject it...or...in a sealed area it might be introduced through the ventilation system.
What?
Datura.
Toby's right. They're not gonna sit around with their fingers up their asses while we bust up their toys.
He's just finding another reason for bumpin' us off. Don't ya see. He needs us ta die. He needs our bodies.
Let me go! I'm the one he wants. This is all happening because of me. If I turn myself in...
You disappear in here, darlin'. You get a knife in yer belly or too much shit in yer veins. You get lost out here and nobody's gonna notice. Rhodes, he counts on that. It all makes for food in the freezers.
They seem to be havin' a good time. Some punishment.
No. They just try to hold you for ransom. Fuck you, Moses! I'm outa here!
Farther than you think. You'll get lost. You will. And there's Bees all through the jungle. I ain't lyin' to ya. Religiosos don't lie.
I can find it myself. I didn't come that far.
You think you can find your boat? There's a thousand little inlets and backwaters all through here. You remember all the ways you turned to get where you are now? You leave yourself a trail?
Look. I BEEN fightin', mister. I been fightin' for what feels like a hundred years and I'm finished. I don't need religion. I don't need prayers. I need a couple guns and a couple hands. We can sail on outa here. Find another island where there ain't so much....traffic.
That's why we didn't use prayers on this here white coat 'til after he was destroyed. We ready to fight when we have to. And we gotta fight now.
Oh, what did I run into? A bunch o' Jesus nuts? Religiosos? Prayer won't stop a bullet from one of those storm troopers and prayer won't keep one of those monsters from eatin' your liver for lunch.
I'm sure that's true, miss. And that's why we're doin' what we're doin'. What's happenin' underground here is just what Lucifer planned for this sinful race o' man. But we're gonna beat Lucifer. We're gonna put an end to what's happenin' here.
We thought we were escaping here. We thought we'd found an uninhabited island. Christ! This place is a worse nightmare than anything I've seen yet!
That sounds like a curse to me.
It's a disease. It's a...a bug...a parasite that infects the brain.
What is it if it ain't a curse?
Curse?
How we gonna break the curse without a prayer or two.
The man I was with...until today... believed that praying was for blind men who couldn't see the truth.
I know you can. Like I said, we been watchin' you.
Thanks. I can fight my own battles.
Captain Rhodes and his Red Coat Bees. They could sting, sister. We know you came up against 'em. We been watchin' you since you landed. Couldn't help. I'm sorry for that. We ain't supposed to be outside. If we was spotted it could....well, it could be the end of everything.
We ran up against a platoon of soldiers. There were actually walking dead...in uniform...with guns.
That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing, nuclear power, all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's....Gasparilla's... private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee...and his private army, of course.
Governor Dickerson? Of Florida?
He was a pirate who sailed these waters long ago. His name is bein' borrowed these days by the long lost Henry Dickerson.
Gasparilla?
Bees. That's what we call the dead... the walking dead...here on Gasparilla's island.
Come on!
What you wanna do?
That's the general alarm. Jesus! They musta got in!
Come on. Let's go.
That entrance is closest to the labs and the Bee cages.
I say it's poetic. Pure calypso, brother. The Devil's Trumpet blowin' the notes o' doom for the Devil's troops. Ha ha ha ha ha...
If you could knock out the central communications room you could foul up their whole intercom system. Then, if you move fast enough, stay ahead of 'em...without bein' able to signal each other, they might have a hard time catchin' you.
Quicker than gas. And it smells a lot prettier. It usually don't kill but it puts ya under fer a good night's sleep.
This stuff really works? No shit?
A direct hit'll blow the top off this whole island! How're you gonna fuse the stuff? How're you gonna leave yourself time to get out?
We know what's down there. We did the loading' and unloadin' when the stuff came ashore in the early days. A direct hit oughta do more than a few weeks worth o' damage.
What?
We're gonna blow up the powder magazine.
Oh, no. I'm tryin' to get off this island alive. I'll help you all I can but I'm not goin' in there on a suicide mission. What can you hope to accomplish? Some radios maybe? A supply room or two? You'll all be killed and in a few weeks they'll be back to business as usual. That place was built to withstand nuclear attack! What are you gonna do with a half-dozen guns and a few sticks of nitro?
We're hopin' you can show us where ta go, Toby.
It won't work. That's pure nitro you're dealin' with there. That stuff can blow if you look at is funny. What're you gonna do, walk into the Cave carryin' those tubes on feather pillows? You don't have a complete layout of the place. Even if you manage to avoid a fight you won't know where to go.
I got some fuel comin' out and, I hope, some automatic rifles.
I say we got a boat. Can you get other stuff?
What?
We got a boat.
There ya go. Complete with air canisters...little motors.
He's my contact for Chrissake! There's two crates. Can you get me into the hospital?
What'dya tell that soldier, soldier? You tell him we was rebels?
Maybe.
Yeah. My stuff's all marked with red crosses so nobody gets too nosey. Meet me at the hospital after the supplies come in. Maybe we can find a place there to talk.
The hospital? 
I'm gonna have this stuff sent over to the hospital...
Look...I know you have no reason to trust me. I've got friends in the Cave. I got some stuff comin' out this mornin'. I'm gonna try to get off the island.
Ain't no place safe.
It's alright. I'm a friend. I need help and so do you. What's a safe place to talk?
The purpose of decapitation is to preserve as much...food...as possible. The purpose for feeding is to keep the beasts on our side. The fact that they can be taught to clean up our garbage or to fire a gun is a convenient side benefit, not the primary goal. The primary goal is to keep ourselves from becoming their supper. Keep them fed and they behave. Keep them hungry and they revert back to being the animals that they have always been. You saw them in there.
I thought the purpose of decapitation was to...to...
They are brutes without feeling. Though I admit that I've requested cremation for myself. Burial is an archaic tradition, even more ridiculous now than it ever was. To say nothing of the...spacing problem...on a small island like this.
But...we bury the heads. Oh. God! It must be torture for them!
Any dead whose brains are intact will revive.
I didn't realise! Those were de-caps! I didn't know that....de-caps... revived!
No. You won't be able to do it. He will rise. He will rise and you... you will die.
You can believe this, Miguel. I'll kill you if you shoot. We must wait. I'll....I'll do it....I'll do it myself....when it needs to be done.
One day a dead man will refuse to return, and that man will be a saint. The first saint of our century. That's a prayer, too. A catechism. Something the priests tell us to believe.
We must wait. One day the curse will pass. One day a dead man will... will...
Prayers have no power to save. The knife can save. It can cut the disease away. The bullet. It can shatter the brain where the evil takes seed. These are saviours...our new saviours...our only saviours.
No. The disease was cut away from me. I will live. I will live.
You are dying, too.
He is dying. He knows it.
...but most of all because...they offend Thee, my God...Who art all good...and deserving...deserving of all my love...
NOOOOOOOOO!
I detest all my sins...because... because of Thy just punishment... because of Thy...just...punish...
Shhhhh....Tony. Rest, rest.
Aaaaaaah...my God...my God...I am heartily sorry...for having offended Thee....offended Thee...
PULL IN! GET THE OTHERS.
TONY....TONY....
I tol' him. I tol' him this is a dead place. Like all the others.
Dios mia.
Sir, Tyler is innocent of any crime against the State. Captain Rhodes is...
Sir. In the matter of the State versus Private Tyler, I don't want to...
No, Miss Science. You're the one who needs to do some thinking.
You better not mess with me, Rhodes. I'd love to serve your balls to those Red Coats for lunch! Think about it!
I had an unfortunate little run-in with him today. In fact...you might say that Mr. Tyler is in big trouble with the...authorities.
Rhodes, you and I had a roll in the hay together when I first got here. It was a wholly unsatisfying experience which I do not want to, and which I never will repeat! So give up, mister! I'm going home...to that roommate you mentioned.
Ah, yes, our noble Gasparilla does seem to favour you lately. I understand he assigned you a roommate of your choice. The rest of us have to pick names out of a hat.
If you put her on the shit list because of her reaction here tonight I'll go to Dickerson.
Oh, I have no doubt.
Julie Grant is a behaviouralist. She's not medical. She hasn't been as...exposed to...to things...as some of the rest of us. She'll be alright. I'll talk to her. She'll be alright.
And you're the one who builds the bomb and they says, 'I hope it'll never actually be used'.
You're....you're disgusting! You're....FILTH!
Leave me alone, you...COCKSUCKER!!!
You can't run away from the planet, Miss Science. You can't even run away from the island, heh heh.
They will never be satisfied with anything else, Miss Henried. They want human flesh. I'm prepared to take whatever steps are necessary to see to it they don't get mine! Not while I'm still using it!
You gave them a fresh taste of blood!
No wonder they're so....hungry.
You have ruined weeks of work here! We've been trying to wean these specimens onto alligator meat!
God has damned us all. Are my atrocities worse than yours?
God....damn you, Rhodes!
Come, come, Miss Science. You've seen worse.
MARY!
I'll have somebody's ass for this. I'll have your ass, soldier. I'm not gonna stand here and...
Mary.
For the good of mankind. That's what every monster-maker says.
I can work here. Maybe my work can help...help everyone. I can do more good with access to this equipment than I can off in some wasteland.
Need what? Civilised order like we have down here? Christ!
I am not...a guerilla fighter, Toby. I'm not a pioneer. I'm not...I'm not strong that way. I need...
We're both gonna leave. Leave the island. I've been talkin' to Tricks. We think we can smuggle out one of those inflatable rafts. They're crated up real small. They've got air canisters. There's food inside. Even a little motor.
I want you to leave. Then maybe...
Oh, bullshit, Mary. It's because Rhodes is a prick.
It's because of me.
That bastard. I didn't think he'd make his move so fast.
Some of Rhodes' men. At the door.
Hey. Slow down. What is it?
Toby...thank God...wait here. I gotta find out what's goin' on.
In the battle, sir.
It's been fired.
Let me see your weapon.
No, sir.
You fired that shot, didn't you?
Sir!
Step up here, Tyler.
I said, I'll take care of them. Just leave them there. Go help with the rest of the gear.
Just....following procedure, sir. They're entitled to burial.
No time for that. I'll take care of them.
My..."detail", sir. We're going to bury the heads.
Where are you going, Tyler?
I'm alright. Let's go.
Tricks...Jesus...
We need fuel, and a couple automatics.
Rafts. Two 38s. A little ammo.
What'dya get?
Not as bad as yours, pal.
Hey, Tricks. Some detail they got you on.
Will do.
Well, I'd better find Patsy.  Say hello to Mutt for me.
To fucking Mutt.
Actually I don't really know Mutt.
So what the hell's Mutt been up to?
Actually I don't
Say Steve, where's your manners?  Here's Mutt's brother and you don't offer him a drink? Want some bourbon?
No relation.  Never heard of him. Sorry.
Hell no, I'm not afraid of them just, if we get caught with them, we're dead.
Cameron, what is the matter with you. You act like they're your mother or something.  You afraid of them?
They're townies?!
I don't think they're in school.
Do they go to Henley Hall?
Knox?
I'm in as long as we're careful.
Well, no shit, Sherlock
All I'm saying is we have to be careful. We can't get caught.
So don't goddam come!  Please.
You know how many demerits we're talking?
Don't come.
Sounds boring to me.
I'll tell you later.
What do you mean you don't know?
Yep.
How'd it go?  Did you read it to her?
The point is she was thinking about me! I've only met her once and already she's thinking about me.  Damn it, it's gonna happen!  I feel it.  She's going to be mine!
What is the point?
Well hell no, Charlie, but that's not the point.  That's not the point at all!
So you really think she means you're going with her?
So?
Well?
Yeah.
At Chet Danburry's house.
Can you believe it?  She was gonna call me!  She invited me to a party with her!
No, I've been calm all my life!  If I don't do something, it's gonna kill me.
Knox, you gotta calm down.
God, I can't take it anymore!  If I don't have Chris, I'll kill myself.
Meeks, you're the brain here.  What do the dead poets say about somebody like me?
Needs Chris!  Must have Chris!
I feel like I've never been alive.  For years I've been risking nothing.  I have no idea what I am or what I want to do! Neil, you know you want to act.  Knox wants Chris.
Hey, this is great.
The millions are awake enough for Physical labor; but only one in a million is awake enough for effective intellectual exertion, only one in a hundred millions to a poetic or divine life.  To be awake is to be alive.
But why?
Women swoon!
It will?  How do you figure?
Come on.  It'll help you get Chris.
I don't know.  I don't get it.
What is the Dead Poets Society?
Thigh man?  Mr. "K" was a hell raiser.
Terrible.  Awful!  I met the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my life!
How was dinner?
Yeah!  Tell him off!  It couldn't get any worse.
Why doesn't he let you do what you want?
Knox Overstreet.
Charlie Dalton.
Garden?
Hey guys, why don't you show Tina the Dead Poets garden?
This is it.
Ahh!  Eat it, Dalton!
Yaa, I'm a dead poet!
Except sex.
All right.  I'll try anything once.
How about a trig study group?  Right after dinner.
Oh come on, Cameron, don't you get anything?
And English, and trig
He flatters me so I'll help him with Latin.
It's every bit as hard as they say. Unless you're a genius like Meeks.
Well, welcome to "Hell"ton.
So much the better.
But what if they see it, Nuwanda?
I couldn't stop myself.
Damn it, Nuwanda.  You idiot.
It's Nuwanda, Cameron.
Don't you think they'll figure out who did it?!  Don't you know they'll come to you and demand to know what the Dead Poets Society is?   Charlie, you had no right to do something like that!
Why? Nobody knows who we are.
Oh God, it's over now!
I thought I'd be spontaneous.  I mean, that's the point of this whole thing, isn't it?
Well, of course not.  It's just that... You could have warned us.
It should, but I found it and now I claim it.  carpe cavern, guys.  Seize the cave.
Wait a minute, Charlie. This should belong to the club.
I hereby declare this the Charles Dalton Cave for Passionate Experimentation.  In the future, anyone wishing entry must have permission from me.
Oh come on, Pitts...
Well...
I'm sorry.  I, we
Anything else you'd care to rifle through, Mr. Dalton?
So keep your head about you--the lot of you--understood?
Yes sir.
Like, if nothing else, the opportunity to attend my classes, understand?
Yeah?  Like what?
But I thought-
Sucking out the marrow doesn't mean getting the bone stuck in your throat, Charles.  You still have responsibilities to yourself and those who care about you.
You're siding with Mr. Nolan?!  What about carpe diem and sucking all the marrow out of life and all that?
I don't know what misguided impulse caused you to pull that ridiculous stunt, Mr. Dalton, but, whatever it was, I hope you've learned your lesson.
Mr. Keating!
So avoid using the word 'very' because it's lazy.  A man is not very tired, he is exhausted.  Don't use very sad, use morose.  Language was invented for one reason, boys--to woo women--and, in that endeavor, laziness will not do.  It also won't do in your essays.
I here and now commit myself to daring!
This is better than sex any day.  This is romance!
"O, no, it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken."
Don't stop.
All right!  I'm thinking!  "Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments; love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds Or bends with the remover to remove."
Nuwanda?  Please?
Please!    It's so wonderful to be appreciated for my mind!
But...
No!  Anybody else would have jumped my bones by now but you're after my soul. Make me up some more poetry.
I'm not?
Every guy that I meet wants me for one thing my body.  You're not like that.
What?
You know what really excites me about you?
I think you're sweet.
I think he's sweet.
And are we just playing around out here or do we mean what we say?  If all we do is come and read a bunch of poems to each other, what the hell are we doing?
That's right, it's Nuwanda.
Miss it?  It drives us crazy.  That's part of what this club is about.  In fact, I'd like to announce that I've published an article in the school paper, in the name of the Dead Poets society, demanding girls be admitted to Welton, so we can all stop beating off.
Yeah!    Don't you guys miss having girls here?
Isn't he precious?
I told you, that's a secret.
It's such a strange name!  Won't you tell us what it means?
If I find that there are others, Mr. Dalton, they will be expelled and you will remain enrolled.  Stand up.
It's only me, Mr. Nolan.  I swear. I made it up.
What is this "Dead Potts Society"?  I want names.
Yes... sir.
Do you still insist that this was your idea and your idea alone?
Mr. Dalton, if you think you're the first to try to get thrown out of this school, think again.  Others have had similar actions and they have failed just as surely as you will fail.  Bend over and grab your shins.
No one, sir.  It was just me.  I did the proofing so I inserted my article in place of Rob Crane's.
Who else was involved in this?
what?!
Welton Academy, hello?  Yes, he is, just a moment.  Mr. Nolan, it's for you.
Good.  We're very excited about him.  He was a Rhodes Scholar, you know.
Yes sir.  We were just talking about that.
Your family move into that new house, Mr. Overstreet?
Doing fine, sir.
Welcome. back, Mr. Dalton.  How's your father?
It's better than doing nothing.
This is stupid.
Are you kidding?  Don't be ridiculous.
Maybe he'll have some advice.  Maybe he'll even talk to your father.
What good will that do?
Why don't you talk to Mr. Keating about it?
Damn it, Neil, the name is Nuwanda.
What are you going to do? - Charlie?
I'm supposed to turn everybody in, apologize to the school and all will be forgiven.
What happened?
No.
What happened? Were you kicked out?
Hey, would you not worry about your precious little necks?  If they catch me, I'll tell them I made it up.  All your asses are safe.  Look, Gloria and Tina didn't come here to listen to us argue. Are we gonna have a meeting or what?
You still shouldn't have done it, Charlie.  You don't speak for the club.
I'm one of the proofers.  I slipped the article in.
You what?!  How did you do that?
They were walking along the fence past the soccer field.  Said they were curious about the school so I invited them to the meeting.
Where'd you find them?
Nothing, unless you object to having girls here.
Nuwanda, what is going on?
It's Nuwanda.
Charlie...
My parents made me take clarinet but I hated it.  The sax is more sonorous.
Charlie, That was great!  Where did you learn to play like that?
To put the rout all that was not life.  And not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.  Pledge Overstreet.
All right.  I'll second that.
I went to the woods because I wanted to live deliberately."  I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life!"
I'm in.
Who's in?
You're welcome to join us, Todd.
Sure.
I don't know about anyone else, but I could use a refresher in Latin.  Eight o'clock in my room?
Then don't tell me how to talk to my father when you're the same way.  All right?!
Okay, so I don't like it any more than you do.  I'm just saying
Oh yeah.  Sure.  Valedictorian, National Merit Scholar
Todd's brother is Jeffrey Anderson.
That's not my fault.
Hey, he's your roommate.
What's his specialty, brown-nosing?
Sure, but Cameron asked me too.  Anybody mind including him?
Well, Meeks aced Latin and I didn't quite flunk English so if you want, we've got our study group.
Yeah, chemistry.  My father thought I should get ahead.
Hey, I heard you went to summer school?
Chet, you don't have to hurt him.
You fucked up little prick!
Knox?!
What are you doing?!
Chet...
Stop what?
Don't stop.
You know,
It does?  What?
Oh Chet, that feels fabulous,
Nice meeting you, Knox.  Bye, Gin.
Chris.  We got it.  Let's go.
It's not all right.  Come on, Dad
It's all right, Chet.
It's just for a little while. You promised.
I have to go home. Chet might call.
My Word
What is that?
Dead Poets honor.
Knox, if you promise that this will be the end of it-
Chet won't know anything.  We'll sit in back and sneak away as soon as it's over.
God, if Chet found out he'd...
I promise.  Dead Poets honor.  Come with me tonight, then if you don't want to see me again, I swear I'll bow out.
Uh-huh.
Just give me one chance.  If you don't like me after tonight, I'll stay away forever.
Knox, you are so infuriating!
Then come with me.
Chet?  To a play? Are you kidding?
Are you going with Chet?
Look, I've got to go.  I'm gonna be late for the play.
Then you wouldn't be here warning me about Chet.
And if it so happens that you're wrong? If it just so happens that I could care less About you?
Of course just like that.  That's how you always know when it's right.
Just like that?!  You just knew?
Of course I know you!  From the first time I saw you, I knew you had a wonderful soul.
You say that over and over but you don't even know me!
But I love you.
Well, you did!  Chet found out and he's nuts.  It took everything I could do to keep him from coming here and killing you. You have to stop this stuff, Knox.
I didn't mean to make a fool of you.
Oh, but it's fine for you to come barging into my school and make a complete fool out of me?
If they catch you here, we'll both be in big trouble.
You can't be in here.
Knox, why are you doing this to me?
Chris!
All I'm asking you to do is listen.  "The heavens made a girl named Chris, With hair and skin of gold To touch her would be paradise To kiss her glory untold."
Knox, I don't believe this!
Knox, you're crazy.
I don't care.  I love you, Chris.  You deserve better than Chet and I'm it. Please accept these.
If Chet sees you, he'll kill you, don't you know that?
Knox!  what are you doing here?
Chris!
Huh?
carpe breastum.  Seize the breast.
I gotta find Chet.  Make yourself at home.
But, Chris...
Ginny Danburry's here.  Look for her.
No.
Oh, hi.  I'm glad you made it.  Did you bring anybody?
I'll be there.  The Danburrys.  Friday night.  Thank you, Chris.
Chet's parents don't know about it, so please keep it quiet.  But you can bring someone if you like.
Well, sure!
You are?  She's glad I called!
Knox.  Oh yes, Knox.  I'm glad you called.
Hello Chris, this is Knox Overstress.
Hello?
You going out for the Henley Hall play?  They're doing "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
Sort of.
That's your sister school, right?
Ridgeway High.  How's Henley Hall, Gin?
So, uh, where are you in school?
The pleasure is mine.
Pleased to meet you.
That goes for all of you.  Now eat with your correct hands.
Yes sir.
Mr. Overstreet, I suggest you worry less about breaking old habits and more about developing good study habits.  Do you understand?
They perpetuate mechanical living, sir. They limit your mind.
What is wrong with old habits, Mr. Overstreet?
We thought it would be good to break old habits, sir.
"We went to the woods because we wanted to suck all the marrow out of life." Anybody want to read?
We used to meet here on special occasions. Who would like to convene the meeting?
Rahesh Non never existed, Mr. Meeks. You make him or someone like him up.  No self important college professor such as this one would dare admit ignorance of such an obviously important figure and you will probably receive a comment similar to the one I received:
Oh Captain, My Captain.  What if we don't know anything about someone like Rahesh Non?
Oh, Captain, My Captain. Is there poetry in math?
And don't limit poetry to the word. Poetry can be found in a work of art, music, a photograph, in the way a meal is prepared--anything with the stuff of revelation in it.  It can exist in the most everyday things but it must never, never be ordinary  By all means, write about the sky or a girl's smile but when you do, let your poetry conjure up salvation day, doomsday, any day, I don't care, as long as it enlightens us, thrills us and--if it's inspired--makes us feel a bit immortal.
Precisely, Meeks. Greek for the herd. However, be warned that, when you say "the hoi polloi" you are actually saying the the herd.  Indicating that you too are "hoi polloi."
The hoi polloi.  Doesn't it mean the herd?
Seize the day while you're young, see that you make use of your time.  Why does the poet write these lines?
Meeks.
Very good, Mr._?
Carpe Diem... seize the day.
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.  The Latin term for that sentiment is "Carpe Diem." Anyone know what that means?
At these boys' age? Not on your life! Tradition, John.  Discipline.  Prepare them for college, and the rest will take care of itself.
I always thought education was learning to think for yourself.
John, the curriculum here is set.  It's proven.  It works.  If you question it, what's to prevent them from doing the same?
Oh that. That was an exercise to prove a point.  About the evils of conformity.
Boys marching.  Clapping in unison.
Courtyard?
What was going on in the courtyard the other day?
Your reprimand made quite an impression I'm sure.
English.  Way before your time.  It was hard giving it up, I'll tell you.  I'm hearing rumors, John, of some unusual teaching methods in your classroom.  I'm not saying they have anything to do with the Dalton boy's outburst, but I don't think I have to warn you that boys his age are very impressionable.
I didn't know you taught.
This was my first classroom, John, did you know that?  My first desk.
I have something.
Come on boys, don't be shy.
From the moment we enter crying to the moment we leave dying,  It will cover just your head as you wail and cry and scream!
Don't stop!
Stretch it, pull it, it will never cover any of us.  Kick at it, beat at it, it will never be enough-
His hands reach out and choke me All the time he mumbles slowly.  Truth... Truth is like a blanket that always leaves your feet cold.
Excellent!  Have him act.  Give it rhythm!
A sweaty-toothed madman with a stare that pounds my brain.
A sweaty-toothed madman
I... I close my eyes.  His image floats beside me.
Now there's the poet speaking!  Close your eyes and think of the picture. Describe what you see.  NOW!
A... A  sweaty-toothed madman.
Use your imagination!  First thing that pops to your mind, even if it's gibberish!
A crazy madman.
A madman.  Perhaps he was.  What kind of madman?  Don't think!  Answer.
A madman.
Todd, there's a picture of Whitman over the door.  What does he remind you Of? Quickly, Anderson, don't think about it.
All right!  Very good!  There's a barbarian in there after all!
AHHHHHH!
LOUDER!
YAWP!
Again!  Louder!
Yawp!
Good god, boy! Yell!
A barbaric yawp.
A yawp?
Yeah.  He didn't like it one bit but at least he's letting me stay in the play. Of course, he won't be able to come. He'll be in Chicago on business.  But I think he's gonna let me stay with acting.  As long as I keep my grades up.
Really?  You told your father what you told me?  You let him see your passion for acting?
Yeah.
What did your father say? Did you talk to him?
Not if you're going to stay true to yourself.
Isn't there an easier way?
Give your father the benefit of the doubt.  Talk to him.  Let him see who you are.
Eighteen!  That's two years!  What about the play?  The performance is tomorrow night!
Well, if it's more than a whim, then you'll have to prove that to him.  You'll have to show him with your passion and commitment that it's what you really want to do.  If that doesn't work, at least by then you'll be eighteen and able to do what you want.
I know what he'll say.  He'll say that acting is just a whim and that it's frivolous and that I should forget about it.  He'll tell me how they're counting on me and to put it out of my mind "for my own good."
Neil, I know this seems impossible but you have to go to your father and show him what you're feeling.  You have to let him see who you are-  It's your only chance.
Then you're playing a part for him too, aren't you?  A dangerously self- destructive one.
Are you kidding?  He'd kill me!
You can't live a life for someone else, Neil.  You can only live for yourself. Have you told your father what you just told me?  Have you shown him your passion about acting?
Mr. Keating, my father is making me quit the play at Henley Hall.  When I think about carpe diem and all that, I feel like I'm in prison!  I mean, I can see his point.  We're not a rich family like Charlie's.  But he's planned the rest of my life for me and he's never even asked me what I want!
Ah, but I am seeing the world, Neil. The new world.  Seeing a student like you take root and bloom.  It's worth everything.  That's why I came back here. A place like this needs at least one teacher like me.  Did you come here to talk about my teaching?
Why do you do it?  I mean, with all this seize-the-day business, I'd have thought you'd be out seeing the world or something?
Maybe they don't want worldly things distracting me from my teaching.
Gosh, they don't give you much room around here, do they?
Actually, I'd like to talk to you alone.
Okay.
Oh Captain, My Captain, we came here so I could talk to you about something.
All poetry was acceptable.  The name simply referred to the fact, that to join the organization, you had to be dead.
What did the name mean.  Did you only read dead poets.
Nothing wrong with research.
I was just looking in an old annual and...
Ah, so you boy's have been snooping.
Mr. Keating? Sir? Oh Captain My Captain.  What was the Dead Poets Society?
I don't know.
All right!  What'd she say?
Nuwanda recited poetry to Gloria and she jumped all over him... right, Nuwanda?
She won't even see me, Pitts.
Why don't you read it to her? It worked for Nuwanda.
Damn.  Damn!  If I could just get Chris to read this poem!
You have another choice.
You really think I should forget her?
I can't just forget her, Pitts.  And I certainly can't think about math!
All the good ones go for jerks, you know that.  Forget her.  Take out your trig book and figure out problem twelve.
It's not too bad.  It's a tragedy! Why does she have to be in love with a jerk?!
Too bad.
I'm calling her!
Where are you going?
But she's in love with: the moron son of my father's best friend.  What would the dead poets say about that?
You know what the dead poets would say: Gather ye rosebuds while ye may...
She's practically engaged to Chet Danburry.  Mr. Mondo Jocko himself.
Are you crazy? What's wrong with that?
Listen, anything's, better than mystery meat.
They're friends of my dad.  Probably in their nineties or something.
What I have to do.  Screw the annual.
All right.  Jesus, what are you gonna do?
Yeah, you just do everything they say! You'll be in daddy's law firm as sure as I'm standing here.  And you'll be approving loans till you croak.
Wait a minute.  I don't let my parents walk on me.
Good luck.
I gotta get to the tryouts.  Wish me luck.
God, I want to do everything!  I'm going to explode.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost.  That is where they should be.  Now put foundations under them.
Then you can help him.
His grades are hurting, Charlie.
Nothing.  No mention of it.
Any group pictures in the annual?
Screw it all.  I don't give a damn about any of it.
I certainly wouldn't lose any sleep over it.  It's just a bunch of people trying to impress Nolan.
Yes sir.
I don't care if the world is coming to an end tomorrow night, you are through with that play!  Is that clear?  Is that clear!
Father, I have the main part.  The performance is tomorrow night.  Father, please.
Did you really think I wouldn't find out?!  "My niece is in a play with your son," Mrs. Marks says.  "You must be mistaken," I say.  "My son isn't in a play."  You made a liar out of me, Neil! Now you will go tomorrow and tell them you are quitting.
Nobody-  I thought I'd surprise you. I've got all As and-
Don't you dare talk back to me!  It's bad enough that you've wasted your time with this absurd acting business.  But you deliberately deceived me!  Who put this in your head? How did you expect to get away with it? Answer me!
Father, I--
Neil, you are going to quit this ridiculous play immediately.
Father!
Good boy.  Call us if you need anything.
You know me, always taking on too much.
Yes sir.
You know what this means to your mother, don't you?
Yes sir.  I'm sorry.
When you've finished medical school and you're on your own, you can do as you please.  Until then, you will listen to me.
Father, I wasn't disputing you.
I will not be disputed in public, do you understand me?
Fellows, would you excuse us a minute?
But father, it's not fair.
I'm sorry, Neil.
But father, I'm assistant editor.
The god of the cave.
What is it?
Look at this.
Forget it, Pitts, you're coming.  Meeks, your grades hurting too?
What is this, a midnight study group?
That's miles.
Beyond the stream.  I think I know.
Where is this cave he's talking about?
I say we go tonight.  Everybody in?
But different.
Weird.
I don't know.
Do you have to quit the play?
Visit from my father.
That's it!  "Follow my voice.  We'll try no manhood here."  See you at dinner.
YEA, ART THOU THERE?!
Put more into it!
Yea, art thou there?
Chicken shit.  Where were we?
I'll come to the performance.
Lots of girls.  The girl who plays Hermia is incredible.
No thanks.
You should come to rehearsals.  I know they need people to work the lights and stuff.
Yes, and acting!  It's got to be one of the most wonderful things in the world. Most people, if they're lucky, live about half an exciting life! If I could get the parts, I could live dozens of lives.
This play?
Follow me then to plainer ground.  God, I love this!
I will be with thee straight.
Here, villain, draw and ready. where art thou?
Yeah!  And just look at this ruler!
I mean, this is one special gift!  Who would want a football or a baseball bat or a car when they could get a desk set as wonderful as this one!
what?
Look, Todd, you're obviously under- estimating the value of this desk set.
Maybe they don't think at all unless it's about my brother!  His birthday's always a big to-do.  The stupid thing is, I didn't even like the first one.
Well, maybe they thought you'd need another one.  Maybe they thought...
Oh. 
Oh..
They gave me the exact same thing as last year!
This is your desk set.  I don't get it.
It is?  Happy Birthday.  You get anything?
It's my birthday.
Todd, what's the matter?
Quiet.  I have to think.
Neil, you're not gonna...
From my father and Nolan.
From you?
Sssh.  That's what I'm taking care of. They need a letter of permission.
Neil, how are you gonna do this?
No.
No?  What do you mean 'no'?
Er  No.
No!  I don't know,  I'll probably never know.  The point is, there's nothing you can do about it so butt out, all right? I can take care of myself just fine.  All right?
Why not?  Don't you think you could be?
Listen Neil, I appreciate your interest in me but I'm not like you.  When you say things, people pay attention.  People follow you.  I'm not like that.
No, I want you in.  But being in means you gotta do something.  Not just say you're in.
You want me out...  is that what you're saying?
Being in the club means being stirred up by things.  You look about as stirred up as a cesspool.
What is that supposed to mean?
None of what Mr. Keating has to say means shit to you, does it?
I guess.
By the way, there's a meeting this afternoon.  You coming?
Jesus Christ, whose side are you on?  I haven't even gotten the part yet.  Can't I enjoy the idea even for a little while?
But if he said no before then...
That's a laugh.  If I don't ask, at least I won't be disobeying him.
Why don't you ask him first?  Maybe he'll say yes.
Horseshit.  Nothing's impossible.
Come on, that's impossible.
As far as I'm concerned, he won't have to know about any of it.
Won't he kill you if you don't let him know you're auditioning?
First I gotta get the part, then I'll worry about that.
Neil, how are you gonna be in a play if your father won't let you?
Hell no, but that's not the point.  The point is for the first time in my whole goddamned life, I know what I want, and for the first time I'm gonna do it whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem, goddamn it!
And now he will?
So I'm gonna act!  Ever since I can remember I've wanted to try it.  Last summer I even tried to go to summer stock auditions but of course my father wouldn't let me.
So?
They're putting it on at Henley Hall. See, open try-outs.
I know that.  What's it got to do with you?
A play, dummy.
A Midsummer Night's Dream. What is it?
What I want to do!  Right now. What is really inside of me.
Found what?
I've found it.
God, you really have a problem, don't you?  How can it hurt you to read?  I mean isn't that what this is all about? Expressing yourself?
Keating said everybody took turns reading.  I don't want to do it.
What?
I don't want to read.
Put what?  Goddamn it, tell me.
Yes.  But
But why?  Don't you understand what Keating is saying?  Don't you want to do something about it?
I... I just don't want to come.
What is it then?
Thanks but  I'd better do history.
Want to come to the study group?
Todd, if you're gonna make it around here, you've gotta speak up.  The meek might inherit the earth but they don't get into Harvard. know what I mean?
Nothing.
What?
I'll take him over mine.
So what do you think of my father?
I don't.
Well, you've won the booby prize.  Don't expect to like it here.
My parents wanted me here all along but my grades weren't good enough.  I had to go to Balincrest to pull them up.
Oh, so you're that Anderson.
My brother went here.
Why'd you leave Balincrest?
Todd Anderson.
I hear we're going to be roommates. Neil Perry.
All right, be cool, everybody, nice and slow, no sudden moves.
They are...they are everywhere.
We're going to die here! We're going to die!
It's not going to help us!
Why don't you want a message sent?
He's the owner...
Who are you?
We have to make it to the third deck...
How do we get out of here?
Yes.
You the Captain?
I don't know what these things are ...all I know is...
And what? These things are octopusses?
Us...I'm talking about us... We're the fish.
What the hell are you talking about?
I once saw a guy put a fish in a bottle, then he corked it, sealing it tight, and threw it to a baby octopus. The little sucker felt its way around that bottle, and in less than two minutes, got that cork off, slid inside, and ate that fish.
I'll kill you!! I'll fucking kill you!! I'll do it! I'll do it! I'm not playin' around here!
Nobody's shooting nobody...come on, just let us through the hatch!
Boat or no boat...I'm going...
We don't even know if his boat is still there...you saw Billy!
Someone...maybe they sent an SOS!
Who?
Or maybe we're exactly where they want us to be.
Maybe we lost them.
Just trying to get to my boat...
You trying to take over my show Finnegan, that what you trying to do?
That's where my boat's moored.
Who gives a shit about aft?
With who?
Did you clear this?
Shut up! Shut up all of you! Now here's what we're doing... Mamooli is going to take you back to fix your engines, Chin and I are staying here to finish the job...
I told you...
Now, where's Mulligan? Where's Vivo?
Shut up!
Hanover, listen...
Dead.
Where are my men?
I'd say that's a pretty good assumption.
I assume somebody up there has made sure no distress signal can be sent.
And she could do a hell of a barbie to boot! Belt up. You'll find all the parts you need up there.
Great woman your mother. Real foresight.
Then you better start swimming.
Not an option.
You're going to have to get a new one.
We were talking about my schedule...
I have a schedule...
We can't...we got one engine dead, and the other limping badly.
How soon can we get up and running?
Speedboat in the middle of the ocean...
I know it...but you want to get where you want to get, and back? I need a chief engineer, and unless you got a replacement, I'd highly recommend overlooking the indescretion.
He did...with a crowbar...you know the rules on a broken contract.
Who asked any?
And no questions asked.
20 hours on the clock. Out and back. Double for overtime.
This isn't right Finnegan. I've got a contract.
I don't mind him...but I do think it's time for him to get back down below with the rest of the playgroup.
Don't mind him Finnegan...you remember 25...balls of steel... splashing around in a sea of testosterone.
Take note Mr. Mason...this is why you hire a professional...No whining. No excuses.
The one you came up to ask...are we on schedule?
Which question is that?
Right here...middle of nowhere...and the answer to your question is yes.
And where is our point of arrival?
Right here...middle of nowhere...
You know what they say...the classics are eternal.
No, it just struck me as odd...I don't see you for all these years and you've still got the same tape stuck in the box.
Fok Yu and Fok Yu Two...are we strolling down memory lane for any particular reason?
You remember the first time we met Finnegan? I think you were just starting out...smuggling gold off Sumatra for those two Chinese...what did we use to call them?
He's not coming...
Where's you friend?
This time, make an exception.
I don't take orders at all.
You don't take orders very well, do you?
No...
Three minutes...I'm not back...no matter what...you go...
Soon as I get over the heart attack...
I don't mean to drop in unannounced ...you ready...
And what if I run into one of those things?
Not unless you can wire a missle or fix an engine.
You want ME to go up there?
Right...
How about noise? Can you get noise? We don't need speed, just noise, right?
Jet ski...there's one left up there.
If you blow up your boat, how are we going to get to the island?
There's not much horsepower left in the engines, but there's enough noise...once this baby's set...I'll rev it up...that slimy bastard will come for it like candy...
...the minute you start your engines ...it's goint to kill us, isn't it?
Yeah...
Finnegan...
Not like him.
Oh my god! Oh my god! How do we do it? How do we get there?
You know what kind of force it took to rip open the bow of this ship? A million little things like this...
What?
It's not them...it's it...
Keep tasting...
I was so goddamn close, Finnegan! So goddamn close to my island... I could almost taste the sand...
You quit high school, lie about your age, join the navy, and next thing you know, four years are up and you need a way to make a living...
So how do you get from the Bronx to the South China sea?
You should talk...
Looking good...
We can't just leave them here.
A meat locker.
What is it?
The quiet...
What's the matter?
I'm saying they're calling the shots...
You're saying they can think?
Like cattle...
Takes one to know one.
How do you know that?
The "come back" kind.
Oh yeah? What kind is that?
Boat or no boat... You woulda come back anyway. You're that kind of gal.
Right... You have a boat.
Yeah you did...
Hey! I didn't have to come back.
Got it?
On the side!!
I don't know where it is!
Takes one to know one.
With the emphasis on SELF, and in selfish, right?
Self sufficient...
Anti social?
Since I'm a kid, I had this dream... I want to own my own tropical island... Beaches, warm ocean, lots of food, little clothes...population of one...
Quite a few.
Seen a lot of islands?
That's what I do.
So this boat of yours...that's what you do? Give people...rides.
Thank you, I work at it...
Well, you sure do a good imitation.
I'm not rich people.
You people...rich people...
What's that supposed to mean? You people.
Look lady, I know you people are used to getting your way...
You don't have to be so touchy.
Nothing...you want to come, come... you don't...
But what makes you think there aren't more of those...things...back there?
...there's got to be a way to access out back there...
Hey! Hey! Where are you going?
I don't know...
What are those things?
Jesus Christ lady...
Noooo!
You hear that?
I was born in a City housing project in the Bronx OK? It's not in the cards that I die on a luxury cruise ship...now which way up?
He's with them.
What are you people talking about?
Unless you collected on the insurance...
I'm their ride.
Then who are you?
I'm not a thief.
The thieves.
What other bunch?
Who asked you to!
I saved your life is what I did!
Now look what you did!
It ain't any better out there!
I'm not staying here!
Shut up, man, just shut the hell up! I gotta think! I gotta think!!
...we gotta get outta here -- NOW.
Shut up! You hear me!!
Forget them...
Hanover!! Hanover!!
Why don't you just stop figuring and keep working so we can get the hell out of here?
So...If the hull's impregnable why are my feet wet?
So?
The hulls of these things are supposed to be impregnable...
You ain't giving the orders here!
Let's just keep going.
Or I could go for a swim...although, I gotta tell you...if I never get in the water again...
Joey...
Because it's cool, you know, I can always take a walk or something down the beach...
Joey...
Was it the water in my eyes or were you guys about to...
You're beautiful what you're jealous, you know that, Joey?
All you're gonna do is get yourself killed...and for what? Some chick?
Second whistle you make it to the deck and get ready to jump...
She's gone...
One whistle... Start the engine...
Man, don't go up there...
How does an island sound to you?
And what have you come up with?
I have been.
I'm telling you, man, we got to give the future some serious thought.
Line it up now, nice and easy...
I think we gotta stop floating from one fucked up situation to the next...
A little to the left...
You know what I think? I think our luck has just about run shit out...
And you got 10 minutes before this thing livens up a boring evening.
I've never seen you so congenial with a mamber of the opposite sex... The two of you got a nice patter going...got a nice rapport...
Seafood salad.  You ever operate a jet ski?
Can somebody tell me what the object of the exercise is here?
For juice, I gotta rebuild. That's not fast.
Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles, a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast?
Red cross over to blue double blue ...is that what it is? A squid?
Joey, you want to get sucked out by a giant fucking mutated squid?
Not even a Joey, I'm glad to see you? Joey, what happened to your leg?
Just the man I wanted to see. On this puppy here, you remember if it's red to blue or blue to red...
Don't shoot!! Don't shoot!!
That way.
Joey... Which way's aft?
If I don't, I ain't going back to get it...you think we're safe?
I don't know...you got what we need?
Finnegan, what the hell was that?
I'm stuck...
It's okay...come on...
Joey...look at me...
What? You don't think I can have a normal life?
Joey...it's okay...
...Like a house in the suburbs... maybe a couple of kids...some sort of business...be in the bowling league...go to the ball games...
Joey...
You know what I'm gonna do after this...I'm gonna get a normal life...
Good! So maybe he also know where the hell am I going to get the parts I need...
I think he knows that Joey.
No! The man in the moon!! Who's driving this thing?
Me??
What did you do the my kids!!
Oh yeah...and that my stich job doesn't make you uglier than you already are...this won't hurt a bit...
That's it? That's all you give a shit about?
Sure I do...I give a shit that at 0300 hour we reach our point of dentination. I give a shit that those mojos got to do what they got to do, and 45 minutes later we are turn around and gone. I give a shit that by the time the sun comes up we are all safely tucked in bed.
You don't give a shit about anything do you?
...Jagger was here...I was here...
I saw these guy perform...at Altmont ...you know that? They opened for the Stones...
Here's what I think...I think these mokes below are a hit sqaud.
I know...I know...if the cash is there we don't care...  Finnegan this is as mean a pile of shit as we ever carried...
If I told you once...I told you a thousand times...
I'm flying blind here God damn it!
Can we use our indoor voice please...
You want some too?
Why don't you back off?
Nowhere...
Where are you going?
A passenger...
You tell it straight or I pull the trigger. Who are you?
Poolside?
I mean...where is everbody?
Where is everybody?
Or maybe not.
I'm looking...
What is it man?
I'm not screwing around with you man...I hate the cold water.
Hey! You hear me? Come out!
Check it out!
Hey! Come out here!
Someone's back there.
Nothing.
What was that?
Plans don't change...
Maybe plans changed...
I thought the plan was we'd evacuate them after we got through.
Like Mamooli's country...
What the hell does that mean?
You mean countries that are acknowledged by the UN...or like made up countires too?
You know what my goal is? Before I die I want to make love to a woman from every country on earth.
There ain't no thing here!! No thing!! There's you him and me!! Got it! You him and...
What's there to think about?? That THING back there...
What happened to Vivo?! What the hell happened to Vivo?
Don't shoot, man, don't shoot!
'Cause grease monkey ain't in my job description dick head...
Why don't you help us so we can get done faster so we can get the hell out of here?
John...
Hey! What are you trying to pull!
Shut up!
Maybe it's the wrong ship.
Hey! Fuckin' A! Just... just like a hot shit... except cold.
Sweet! Oh, that is sweet!
Hey! Fuckin' A!
Here's to huntin'.
No women?
Nick, Vince, Albert and John.
Nick's going?
We're all going.
Who's going?
John,we're going huntin'.
Yes, Albert?
Fuckin' A!
Here. Here we go.  Here's to you, Nick!
Hey Geraldine, let's eat!
Maxie! Hey Maxie wha'd'ya say!
I mean let's get going before --
Get the boots.
I'll get the boots.
Good... Pass the beer.
You just put mustard on your Hershey bar.
What?
That's mustard!
Gimme a Hostess Twinkie, Merle.
Damn right!
You want 'em?
Those are mine!
Fuel up. Need fuel.
I know...
Fucking women, man...
Yeah.
She fucked us both.
She fucked me too.
She fucked you?
She fucked me too.
She fucked me.
She fucked you?
She does, Vince! That's what I'm telling you! She does!!!
She might!!! She might do it, Albert, but you can't fuckin' tell me that she does!!!
In case???!!! In case of what? In case you stumble on her, suckin' cock in the front fucking hall?!
In case!!! The gun's in case!!!
Then what's the gun for! What's this for?
She does not!
I'm tellin' you she does it, Vince! With twenty guys you know!
I do!!!
You don't!
I know! I fuckin' know!
You, Vince! You! You are! You're a crock! You're a walking, talking crock!... I mean, what do you know?
Who? Who is?
You're full of shit, Vince! You're so full of shit you're going to float away!
Hey! Fuckin' A! Time to roll!!!
Let's go!!!
Vince thinks... you know...
Hey, Nick, I mean... This here is for the guy that gets caught!
Well... you remember Cynthia?
Tell him, Vince!
Yeah. Oh, boy, yeah... Jes', you must be tired.
What do you think? You think he's been picking flowers? Fuckin' guy's been saving your ass, Albert. Everybody's ass! Even in Europe!
I know, but...
Fuckin' guy's been shooting slants, Albert! I mean, what do you think?
Yeah.
Where the hell were you? We were all set -- beer, broads. Right? Am I right?
Nick...?  Jesus, Nick!
It's Nick!
What the --!
It's gotta!
Fuckin' A. It's gotta!
It's gotta be the next one. I mean it's gotta be! Right, Albert?
So he's in the next one, Albert. I mean take it easy. I mean you're driving everybody nuts!
I thought that was it.
Jesus, it's freezing!
They did too!
They did not!
I'm telling you, they changed it!
You're full of shit!
Who's full of shit?
You're full of shit.
This is it. Definitely. This is it, but they changed it.
It is too! Now you passed it!
It is not!
I'll get it! Where is it?
Ammo! Get the ammo!
Yeah, Sal--
And we want you to know, Sal, that any help you might need--
What do you think, Sal? Jesus, you think we'd miss this?
Damn right!
Yeah.
Nick! Nick, you'll kill him!... Easy. Nick, easy! Hey, hey. Vince goes back a long way.
Nick...
Well, where the hell is he!!! I mean what are we all sitting here for!!!  WHAT THE HELL IS THIS???
He's real bad, Nick.
Worse since she talked to who?
Fucking A.
You mean...?
He's serious. Vince is fuckin' serious!
Tell him, Vince.
Married?
Look who's talkin'! Jes'! He got married! Vince got married!
Hey, Nick! God damn!... What've you been doin', I mean...
I got delayed. I --
Jesus!
Whee-uu!
I love this car. Some cars sit, you know? This car, a car like this... grows. I mean you never know, with a car like this, where this car has been.
Couple of weeks... Listen --
That's new, isn't it?
Here. Hit it here.
Where should I hit it? Just show me where I should hit it.
You gotta hit it here. Here, Albert, not there.
It won't open.
Albert! For Christ's sake... John! Wait a minute, you guys!
You know what Sal's got now?... Sal's got... one arm, Nick, and... that's it.
No.
Did you ever think life would turn out like this?
He doesn't want people bugging him, Nick!
Hey, Angela, Sal and I go back a long way.
Nick... Sal is very weak. He suffered a severe wound... and right now he doesn't want a whole lot of people to get involved in a whole thing.
What hospital is he in? Where?
Oh, sure... Twice a day.
You talk to him?
Nick, he's fine. He's in a hospital and they're fixing him up.
Where? Where is he?
Sure. Why not.
Angela, I just heard Sal was alive.
I'm glad. Seriously... I'm very glad.
Yeah.
You're back.
Merle is under his tree... Beside the terrace. You can't miss him.
Where is he???
You are his friend.
Yeah.
Ah. Merle. And you know Merle?
I came to see Merle.
C'est tres amusant... You have been promoted. And to a Jew... I am joking of course. Naturellement. Seriously, Nick, may I hope that you have come to play?
Unfortunately I must now go in, but I leave you my card. Naturellement I pay my players cash American. Just so you know.
No. None of that.
But of course! Please make yourself comfortable. Perhaps you would enjoy some fresh caviar, or une petite glace, or --?
Yeah... Do you mind if I sit?
Ah yes. Of course.  To the girl who waits.
See, I'm going home.
You are frightened, no?
I have to go.
But I insist.
No, I --
But you must come in.
I have to go.
Elephants! Make way... I gotta get elephants!
Wait! First I give you special fuck!
You call me Linda, just like home.
Linda, yeah.
You like to call me Linda now?
I show you. Come. You come.  Linda have special, crazy fuck. That right?
You mean...?
How you like to have nice fuck with Linda? You like that? Special, crazy fuck just like with Linda?
Only,good people love Linda, see. What Linda has, Linda --
I love Linda. Myself, I love Linda so much!
That's right. That's exactly what I mean!
Everybody love Linda.
I love Linda, see. I love Linda more than I can even say.
Too bad.
No.
Get anything?
Oh. Fine.
How was huntin'?
Thanks.
She's in back.
Now he's back.
Yeah?
Sure! I got eight hundred potatoes says he goes one more... He retired, you know.
Yeah?
Merle? That's who we're looking for. Merle.
You know a guy named Merle?
Boy, do I love this conflict. Huh?... What the hell were you doin' in there?
Not bad fresh, but they don't keep worth a pig's fart.
Naw.
Those fuckin' niggers. This time I'm going to eat balls!... You ever try 'em?
Inside, Vince.
Where's it gone?
Psst. Vince!
'Course how could you miss, right? Twenty, maybe thirty feet. I mean, if I'd'a been where you guys were --
Nick, we don't know where Sal is... Nick, Angela won't tell us.
Hey, Nick...
Vince!!!
Take last night...! Last night he coulda had twenty fuckin' deer! More! He coulda had more! And look what he does! I mean look what he fuckin' does!!!
Vince. Hey, you guys --
Merle, hey Merle, you got any socks?
Holy shit!
Who's got the ammo?
Get 'em! For Christ sake, get 'em!
Oh well! What do you mean Oh well?! The guy is actually... He did it again! That's what he's doing... He... He's reaching in, John, to her --! I'll kill him! I'm gonna kill him right now.
Oh, well...
Look at that, see... Watch. Wait a minute, watch. There! D'j'u see that? D'j'u see the way he... You know what that guy is doing? That guy is squeezing her ass!
Shhh! Albert's gonna hump the Coup de Ville.
Hey, guys...
Oh, Jesus.
She's out of her tree, Nick. She is straight out of her tree.
But Sal's mother! What about Sal's mother!
Nick, she won't say why.
Why?... What do you mean?... Why???
Sal's alive???
Kind of. You didn't know?
Talked to Sal?  Sal's alive?
Sal.
Worse since she talked to him.
No?
Not so good.
No. How's Angela? How's she taking it?
No?
Rough.  We didn't have to do it, John.
Rough, huh?
Sit down. Here. Right here.  Albert! Vince!
Fine. Hey, I'm fine.
Nick! Hey, Nick!  Boy! Boy oh boy! Are you okay? You're okay, huh?
I will not betray my country. No. Ne-ver!
Biederman!
That I must not tell you. Top secret. You see there. Topmost secret.
Listen, Biederman, I'm going to club you into the floor unless you tell me what the fuck is so important.
Please! Please mister, please! This is vital I go to Saigon. This is very important. Most important.
I got you on this flight, Biederman. Is that right?
Biederman, yes.
You Biederman?
Here.
Biederman! Where's Biederman!
I'll be out... Just leave me. I'll be out. I'm fine. Really. I'm fine.
C'mon. I've got the car.
I'm just so lonely.
Hey. Look. There must be something.
I don't know.
Linda... Honey, what's wrong?
That's wonderful. I think you should... fresh air.
Yeah... All the guys, we're all going huntin'. Like we did. You know? Like we always used to.
I see you're going hunting.
What?
You're going hunting?
Oh. Nothing... Sitting.
What are you doing?
Right here.
Nick?
Nick. It's okay... It's okay.  I have to go now.
I'll kill 'em. Anybody bothers you, I'll kill 'em!
No-o-o!
Oh, it's great. Fine.
Does this... I mean, how does this job work out?
Naw, it's... This guy wants his money.
Maybe... I don't know, if you want to talk --
Naw, it's... I mean...
Nick?... I just want to say how sorry I am about Sal and about Merle. How... I know you loved them and I know it's not the same. I mean now.
Oh, no. It just kind of goes thump. Would you like a Coke? You don't drink Coke. Or maybe you do. What about champagne? Let's have champagne! I don't think we have champagne. Let's have this. See? Sparkling. I'll get you an opener. Oh, that's right. No opener. Let's just have beer. Do you want some cheese? Or maybe eggs? Maybe we should have coffee.
Did you get hurt? You didn't get hurt?
Is that what it is? I couldn't figure out.
Frost.
Great. Fine... Once or twice it did fall off the blocks. I don't know what that's from.
How's the trailer?
I made you a sweater.  Here... You have to take that off.
It was just the complications. I mean, you take a little thing over there and then you get complications. I mean all the guys had it.
But --
That was nothing. That wasn't anything.
Fine. I just go along, you know. Down at the market. Back here. I mean it just seems there's a million things to do!... Are you sure you're all right? I mean, what about the wound?
Fine. I'm fine. How are you?
How are you?
Oh, Nick! Oh I missed you so!
No.
I thought... Oh, Nick, I thought you were hurt, some accident. Maybe you fell or maybe some car...  I thought someone stole you away!
Give her Miller's. Miller's High Life.
I don't know.
What kind of beer would you like?
Sure.
Sit with Linda, man, will ya?... Give her a beer.  Would you like a beer?
I don't know! I don't know either!
I don't know what we've been waiting for!
Would you?
Okay.
Will you marry me?
What?
Linda, Linda...!
I would want to pay you, Nick... and I was thinking --
Linda... Hey, Linda...
I'd want to pay you... and I was thinking --
Sure. Are you kidding? Sure.
I was just wondering... Nick... You're going hunting... If I could use this place to stay, because...
Oh... You know...
Linda, what's the matter?
Hi.  Nick, your shoes are soaking.
Linda...
Nick.
How extremely clever. That is really most extraordinaire... Allow me please to introduce myself. I am Armand... And you are?
And then you...
We... Three bullets.
Playing?
Playing.
Ah yes. Of course... So few survive.  La creme de la creme... How did you obtain release?
Up north.
Mais certainment... A great deal of money. Naturally I do not do it myself. I myself do not possess the nerve.  But I am always... how do you say... looking out for those who do... It is a thing quite rare. Champagne perhaps? Tch, tch. Don't say no. When a man says no to champagne, he says no to life and that no man must ever do.  Where did you play?
I... No. You do this for money?
You seem... disturbed.
Sure. Sure, Sal. We're going home.
Where are we going, Merle? Are we going home?
Sal!  Sal... Goddamn it, Sal, don't you know anything?
Right here.
Where are we going, Merle? Are we going home?
Right here.
Merle?
Merle, I wanna go home!
Listen to me, Sal. If you don't do it they'll put you in the pit. If they put you in the pit, Sal, you're gonna die... Sal, do you understand?
This is horrible!
You have to think about this, Sal. Listen to me, Sal! You have to think about this.
I want to go home, Merle.
Sal... listen to me, Sal! You have to do it.
No. No, no.
You can do it, Sal.
Who the hell knows!
Who the hell is he?
Merle... Hey, Merle, listen...  Why?
I like it, Nick.
Fine. She's fine... Merle, what the hell are you doing?
How's Linda?
Sit down.
I did. I... This is stolen. I came back.
Nick!... I thought you went home.
Merle...! Jesus! Hey, how are you?
YOU'RE CRAZY!!!... NO WAY!... NOW YOU'RE CRAZY!!! YOU'RE COMPLETELY CRAZY!!!
When you get the AK, open up. You got me? Open up.
No. No way!
I'll pick the moment, Nick. The game goes on until I move. When I start shooting, go for the nearest guard and get his gun.
No way. No fucking way!
Three bullets -- minimum.
How many bullets?
Nick... NICK!!! It's the only chance we've got!
With more bullets?... Against each other?... Are you crazy!!! Are you fucking nuts!!!
More bullets in the gun... The trouble is that still leaves one of us with his hands tied up, so that means we gotta play each other.
More bullets in the gun?
We gotta play with more bullets, Nick. It's the only way.
We what?
We gotta play with more bullets.
LISTEN, NICK! GET IT THROUGH YOUR HEAD OR YOU AND ME ARE BOTH DEAD TOO!
Merle...
Forget Sal... Listen to me -- forget Sal! I've been working on Sal since dawn, Nick. Sal's in a dream and he won't come out. LISTEN!!! From here on you gotta go for you. You hear me? For you!
Forget Sal?
I mean forget Sal... Sal can't take it, Nick.
What do you mean?
Forget Sal.
Okay, okay!  Okay. Okay, you're right... What about Sal?
Get off your ass, Nick. Get off your fucking ass and stand up!!!
You're right... Okay, you're right.
Nick, you're wasting your time... Listen to me! You're wasting your time! This is no fucking time for hoping or praying or wishing or any other shit! This is it. Here we are... And we gotta get out!
What do you think?
I suppose you wish you were somewhere else?
I'm doing that too.
I thought you might be praying.
What else?
What are you, hoping?
They bombed last night, right? Didn't they bomb? If they bombed last night, they could bomb tonight. They could be up there right now!
Listen, asshole, it's up to us!
What are you, God?
I'm telling you, Nick, no one's going to come.
Yeah... I mean so he knows... He doesn't even know.
Hunt with Vince?
Tomorrow I go with Vince.
Huh?
Hey, Nick?
It's ahead, Vince.
It's ahead, by the tree.
You got it.
Promise! You gotta promise!
Merle --
I love this fuckin' place... That sounds crazy. I know that sounds crazy, but I love this fuckin' place... If anything happens, Nick, don't leave me there. I mean it. Don't leave me... You gotta promise, Nick. You gotta promise me that.
Yeah.
From Nam?
You think we'll ever come back?
Well, where's he from?
Hell no!
Is he from here?
Oh.
Pow.
Pow?
Pow.
What'd he say?
Fucking A. See that ribbon in the left. That's Quan Son. That fucking guy was at Quan Son!
From Nam?
Nick, he just came back.
Yeah.  When it comes to hunting, that's true.
You're a fucking nut. You know that, Merle? You're a fucking maniac!
Who's a yo-yo...? Who do you think's a yo-yo! They're all yo yo's. I mean they're all great guys, for Christ's sake, but... The point is, Nick, without you I'd hunt alone. Seriously. I would. That's what I'd do.
Yo-yo! Who's a yo-yo?
I'll tell you something, Nick. I wouldn't hunt with anyone but you. I won't hunt with a yo-yo.
I don't know... I guess I think about the deer... Being out, maybe. I don't know. I think about it all. Hell, I like the trees, you know? I like the ways the trees are, all the different ways the trees are too.
What do you think about?
Yeah... I guess.
You have to think about the shot. It's the shot. The shot's it.
I don't think about the shot that much.
Fucking A.
The shot?
So do I.  I want to be ready... You have to be ready... It has to be there, in your mind.
Yeah.
You think about it?
Yeah.
You do?
So do I.
I just wait. For this... It's what I wait for... I wait all year.
Huh?
I just wait. You know?
Yeah.
That way it sets.
I know.
You should have put that on last night.
Right.
Won't we? Right? Am I right?
There's Vince!
Humper's ready. Old humper's hotter'n damn hell!
You know what I think? There's times I think you're a goddamn faggot!... I fixed you up a million times, Merle!  I fixed him up a million times! I don't know how many times I fixed him up... and nothin' ever happens... Zilch! Zero!... The trouble with you, Merle, no one knows what you're talking about! "This is this"? What does that mean, "this is this"? I mean is that some faggot bullshit, or is that some faggot bullshit!!! And if it isn't, what the hell is it???
This is this, Vince. This isn't something else. This is this!
You're one fuckin' bastard, Merle. You know that? You're one fucking bastard!
You gotta learn, Vince! You come out here... You got no jacket, you got no pants, you got no knife and you got no boots. You think everyone's gonna take care of you! That's what you always think, but this time you're wrong. This time you're on your own!
Some fuckin' friend... You're some fuckin' friend, Merle!
That's it. No. No way.
What do you mean, no???
No.
No!!!?
No.
Then lemme have 'em.
Sure I got boots. I got boots right here.
Here! This is it!
Watch it, shithead!
Here, here! This is it!
How much? How much do you wanna bet?
I'll betcha! That's bullshit and I'll betcha! You're fulla shit!
You wanna bet?
Bullshit! That's bullshit!
Like I say, Phantom Mary's pretty weird... Lives alone, lives way out in the middle of nowhere with a cat called Pajamas and a cow called Fred. Well, last week I got a call from Phantom Mary, which in itself was very strange...
Yeah!
Well... Phantom Mary's on my mother's side. Naturally no one there admits it because Phantom Mary's pretty weird... You want to hear the whole story?
No.
Didn't I ever tell you about Phantom Mary?
Phantom Mary?
It's okay. Hey, it's okay! Just a week. Just to see Phantom Mary.
Trip? What do you mean, Nick? You said you'd be --
Oh cards, maybe. Poker... It's getting cold, Sal. I'm going to take you in.  We'll call Angela. The guys can help her bring you home... Did I tell you I was going on a trip?
But, Nick... Hey, I mean, where would a guy like Merle get money like this?
Yeah.
Merle gave me this?
I saw him last night. I thought I was dreaming. I thought I was out of my mind.
Merle? ... Merle's alive?  How do you know?
It's Merle, Sal.
It's not socks, Sal.
Maybe you could use socks, Nick. Jesus, I mean, come to think of it socks are pretty expensive now.
Here. Behind you.
Where?
I tracked this one, a big buck. God, he was such a beauty--! What's this suitcase here?
You didn't get a deer?
No.
Did you get one?
Yeah.
Did you go hunting.
I know. It's like coming from the moon. Or Mars.
Nick. I'm so scared. I'm so fuckin' scared to go home.
Sal, you're gonna die! You're gonna sit in that corner watching soaps and you're gonna die!... I'm not saying it's gonna be the same. It's not gonna be the same, but whatever it's gonna be we're all gonna do it, Sal. God damn it we are! We are gonna do it!
We do, Sal. We do... You're the heart.
Hey, Nick. How can you need me?
Sal, we need you. We need you.
I gotta get back, Nick.
Wait a minute. Sal. Hold it. John Wayne's making so much noise I can hardly --
Place is great. Really. One great place... Basketball, bowling. You name it. Canasta. Hearts. Lots of guys are making salad bowls. What I'll do is make a salad bowl for you, unless you'd rather have a pencil holder. The pencil holder's neat, I mean --
What?
I'm gonna stay here, Nick.
John Wayne's great... Listen, Sal. Jesus. When are you getting out?
Listen, Nick --
Great. Hey. That's great.
John Wayne... Listen, Nick --
What's that noise?
What?
What's that noise?
Same. Hey. Same old stuff.
Oh. You know. How's it with you?
Nick. Hey. How's things?
Sal? Sal, it's me, Nick.
See you Monday.
See you Monday.
That's my plan.
Great. That's great.
I'm gonna start slow... At the top. Then I'm gonna work down.
Just forget that. Forget what it says in the book.
Right.
Don't worry what it says in the book.
You guys are crazy. You know that? I mean you guys are really nuts.
As soon as you're hitched, Sal. First we get you hitched.
Not tonight?... You're not driving up tonight?
There's Albert!  Hey, Albert!!!
Where's Vince?
I just... would like to say a few words... about Merle. I guess Merle always wanted something... I don't know... better. That fucking guy, he saved my Life. He saved Sal's... What Merle liked, he liked things right... But then there wasn't any place for that... that he could find.
Quiet!... Quiet!!!... Awright, everybody, Nick has a few words.
The fuck you didn't!... Gimme that!
The fuck I did!!!
You loaded it, Vince! I saw you!
What the hell was that!  What did you think? Did you think it was loaded!
In the timeless words of Squire Albert...
Just like always! Just like it always was! Right, Nick? Am I right?
Sure.
And I believed you! I oughta punch you out! I oughta...! Hey. Hey, let's go huntin'! Albert! Hey, Albert! Let's go huntin'. What do you say? Nick? What do you say?
Yeah.
You're full of shit!
They have these little sticks, Vince. They call them "chomp chomps", and when you get these girls going, you have to stick 'em in their mouths.
Six or eight.  And they go wild?
One, Vince... you have to understand, doing it with one... would be... like nothing. They're small, see, so if you're smart you get about six or eight. I mean, if you want to have any fun.
Oh, Jesus!  You're kiddin'!
Never one.
No!
No.
Hey, Nick, you ever do it with one of those slants?
Naw.  Uh-huh.
I mean, I guess you still think about Nam. Right? I mean --
Great. Feels great... Fuckin' A!
How's it feel, huh? How's it feel to be back?
What's it for??
What the hell's that for?
Cynthia! Hey, that's terrific. I mean... Great! That's really great!
That's who.
Cynthia! Sure.
Aw, it's a long story!
Well, who'd you get married to?
Same old thing. Hey, same like always. Nothing's changed. Albert is getting fat.
How're you guys... I mean, how've you guys been?
It's all right. Hey, it's all right. We'll be right here, right with you.
He's getting married... and we're nuts!
Up.
Up a little there... What would you say?
Down ribbon!
Down.
Down I would say... What would you say?
Up ribbon!
Up.
Up I would say... What would you say?
Wade did a little reminiscing.
Talk fast.  Polls open in half an hour.
Wade's here.
Yeah?
I want this bastard brought down.
Well, he's sure working fast ain't he?
This monster escaped from Cryo- Prison this morning.
Jesus.  Sweet Jesus.  We've got trouble.
That's him.  Simon Doucet.
I can smell it.
No chance.  Not their sector.  They ain't even into things this big. Our zone-boy's performing out of a horror show.  Something else.  Unit nine found a couple cold ones in Hollywood.  One Manny Turner.  Gun runner. Sounds like a connection to me.
Technothugs?
Witnesses say some wacko went Judge hunting with a late model.  I got an artist working on a computer composite now.
What'cha got, Bennett?
Looks like ya gonna take office just in time, Chief.  Things need straightening up in this city.
Mom, I hate to break this to you, but there's a whole other species out there you're neglecting.  If you've forgotten, they're called 'men'.  Sometimes referred to in more colorful language.
Kimberly!
I think he wants more than your cookies.
He just wants me to make him cinnamon cookies like I made for you.
Mr. Murphy asked about you again at work yesterday.
I'd think about it.
What did you say?
Michael called yesterday.  He wants to take Willy for the summer.
Put that on your political resume.
It was Wade's old partner... Gallagher. He was behind it all.
Prepare for a change in lifestyle.
I worked for him... still do.  Said he'd make sure I was left alone if I helped put Wade away.  He kept his promise for twenty years.
It was Wade's old partner... Gallagher. He was behind it all.
Speak up.
Your mother.
You helped set up my partner, Sergeant William Wade.  I want to know who put you up to it.
Fuck you - fuck you.
Funny guy.
No, you're not model material.  Anything else?
I want to ask you a few questions.
Who are you?  What the fuck do you want?
My man Dubbs.
Avon Lady!
Who is it?
You stole the heroin out of the evidence room and planted it on me.  I was iced.  What better way to keep me from talking.  Stop me if I'm wrong.
I don't want to hear anymore.
<u>You</u> were the dirty cop... and I was on to you.  You panicked.  Afraid I was going to expose you... so you shut me up.
You're crazy.
You were planning to send me back to the ice house.  You set me up.
What are you talking about?
That wasn't your plan, was it?
I heard about today.  Good job.  I'm all for capital punishment.  Why don't you go home and see your family?
We have to talk.
What is it?  I'm about to go on.
Not anymore.
You can't win like this.  You'll only get older.  This is what you wanted!
I'm wasting time.
Where?
Just got the call.  Took him from school.  Bastard nailed the Vice- Principal and a teacher.
Got compliments coming outta your ass, don't ya?
Don't threaten me.  I tend to take these things seriously.  And get a couple hours sleep.  You look like day old shit.
Remember my promise.
This is a war, Wade.  You against him.  Vengeance time.  The City's just in the way.  Kill the fucker. You and me.  We'll work things out when the time is right.
And I want Doucet.
I want to stop aging.
Ah, fuck you, Wade.  This is bull- shit.  You're not going to kill me.  You're not going to risk your freedom.
I'm not voting for you.
You can't kill me.  I'm going to be Mayor tomorrow.
I'll be alright.
Tell Frick and Frack that means them too.
Out of the room.
Hello Wade.
I've been alone for twenty years. I don't feel very sociable.
You're working a partner on this.
I'm going to kill you when this is all over.
The faster you get Doucet, the younger you'll be.
When you bring in Doucet.
Give it to me.
We have an antidote that'll retard the aging process.
You son-of-a-bitch.  How do you stop it?
No, but he's going to be by tomorrow. He's aging.  'Bout the entire twenty years lost while being frozen in forty-eight hours.  In that time he'll be an old man.  Could be a year, an hour, or all at once. Called NPA Syndrome.  Natural Pro- gression of Aging.  It affects each individual differently.  I'm sure it's painful.
He's not that old yet.  You've lost confidence in me.
Edicon system made these.  Ages, photographs.  We use it to find missing children.
I remember what he looks like.  I can't forget.
Mug sheets.
Fill it out.  Standard issue mal- practice insurance.  All Cops carry it.
What's this?
I'm going to bring this down hard. I've got an A-1 badass killer loose, an election day after tomorrow, and I'm risking everything on you. You're going to bring him in.  I don't care how.  If you do, you'll get your freedom.  An official pardon from me.  A clean slate.  A good job.  A chance to get back with your family.  If you don't want to, I'll put your ass back in the freezer so fast, you'll forget you were ever defrosted.
I told you.  I'm out of the cops and robbers business.  Retired twenty years ago.  I've been trained as a bus driver.  Got a whole route planned and everything.  Even nailed down the lingo - '<u>Exact change, please</u>'.
Later.  I want Doucet first.
I want to see my wife and kid.
Well, you've just been taken off the bench.
I'm not on the force anymore.
Jury found you guilty, not me.  I just called it as I saw it.  Fuck that.  You were brought here for a reason.  Doucet's escaped.  Re-animated for his parole hearing.  Killed a lot of people.  Most of them cops.
I was set up and you know it... but you swore under oath I was dirty. You helped bury me.
Twenty years have passed, Wade. Lay it to rest.
Shucks, and I got all dressed up.
Maybe re-animating you wasn't such a bright idea.  You look like shit.
Looks like you did more than jackoff while I was gone.
You want evidence.  I'll give you evidence.
You have no evidence.  Arrest this man.
What the hell are you talking about?
Sir, your transmission's fading.
I'm thrilled beyond belief.
But sir, Sergeant Wade saved the hostages.
You two fucks listen up.  Doucet's killing people and you're wasting valuable time busting two-bit Technothugs.
Forget it.  Stick to the program.
We seem to've come across a 211, sir.
Doucet's just offed two of the jurors who put him away.  I'm rounding up the rest of them and putting them in police custody.  What's your status?
Simon Doucet.  You are under arrest. Please come out with your hands in the air.
Kill him... kill him.
He could be brought back.
Wade's in Cryo-Prison.
I was part of the escort team that re-animated him.  My partner's dead because of this guy.
That's not your zone.  Stick to data entry.
I don't want any press on this.  I've got an election to win day after to- morrow.
NPA syndrome will hit 'im fast.  Have your men gear up the Edicon system at a twenty-year ratio in fractions of fives.  Saying a prayer won't be bad either.
Just great.
Telephone repairman.
Tell Doucet that.  What was his rehabilitation training?
It's a real mess down here.  Some- thing must a'gone wrong.  No man could possess that kind of strength after being frozen for twenty years.
What do you mean he's escaped?! They're not supposed to escape!
Shut up!  Drop it.
Sir---
Keep 'em busy.
Okay, that's all folks.  Commissioner Gallagher has to go.
Aces.
How do I look?
You okay?
Kill me if you want.  Hard line me with that 'I ain't got nothing to lose' bullshit.  But you've got plenty to lose 'partner'.  You've got a family.  I'm giving you a chance to see them.  I kept in touch.  She never married. All these years.  Maybe she loves you.  I wouldn't know why.
Sir, your limo's here.
I've also drafted a letter to families of officers killed in the line of duty.  They'll need your signature.
Fine.
Sir, your dinner with the union leaders begins in an hour.  Your wife will meet you there, so we can leave whenever you're ready.
Ooops, I forgot.
Not the 'T' word.
Maybe I should put on the training whe---
Go in the house.
Nobody's looking.
Ah Mom, you're embarrass'n me.
You sure?  I can help you.
I got it.  I got it.
Need help?
And you should be with your family.
You should be in hospital.
No you don't.
No.  I want to be with you.
I'm signing off.
You be careful.
He's got my grandson, Sanchez.
I just heard.
If you were set up, I want to find out who did it.
What are you doing this for, Sanchez?
Hospital food.
What is it?  Your legs?  Hands?
Aaah... Mother of Jesus.
You okay?
That's just it.  He never did time. Seems each arrest was botched for one reason or another.  Judge threw out the cases each time.  Either he's got a horseshoe up his ass or powerful friends.
So, he's got a thing for prison clothes.
This should make your day.  The guy who testified against you... Dubbs... was arrested a total number of twenty- four times.
Yeah.
Not yet.
...Have you been drinking?
Your girl.  Being a cop will be rough on her.
...What are you talking about...?
You treat her nice.
I'm here.
Sanchez...?
We're partners, aren't we?
What's this?
Not too good.
How do I look?
How ya feeling?
Rip Van Winkle.
<u>Comwatch Dispatch System</u>.  Can't assimilate voice stress.  Code priority only.
Get us some fuck'n back-up now!
Simulated one.
Kid, you ever been in a high speed chase before?
Fire up that thing of yours and tell me all credit card trans- actions after eight o'clock.
Wallet, cash, I.D...
What else did he get?
Let's roll.  We got a guy who swears his car was stolen by a suspect identical to Doucet. 0800 this morning.
No, sir.
You're not pregnant, are you?
No thank you, sir.  Smoking causes lung cancer, heart disease, emphysema, and may complicate pregnancy.
Wanna try?
You're just afraid to use this.  You have technophobia, Wade.  That's what you got.
With all this technology you don't even have to show up for work.  Who needs cops when you've got gizmos.
I'm just doing it by the book. Analyze then vaporize.  Crime's a science.  Everything's analyzed.
Great.  My partner's Marcus Welby.
Part of Doucet's cerebellum, a portion called the vermis is under- developed.  This area rates response to outside stimuli.  Com- pare it to that of a normal law- abiding citizen.  It could be why he kills.
Lighten up.  You're going to give yourself an ulcer.
Maybe I should turn myself in.
That cost me two weeks' pay.
Two lousy smokes.  You're a real sport.
Then find me some cigarettes.
Yes, sir.
You want to be a good detective?
I'm serious, Wade.  This case is important to me.
Hey, I'm eating.
We get to peek into Doucet's brain.
No.  Talk English.  Then I'll understand.
Never use it.  Stuff'll kill ya.
I'll have a cup of coffee?
Good night.
Good night, Wade.
I'll be okay.
You need anything else?
Thanks.
She's pretty.
Hey, Rip Van Winkle, maybe we'd better call it a night.
Yeah.
This is where I found Doucet twenty years ago.  Thought maybe he'd come back.
What's this place?
Yeah.  Least I think so.  Twenty- six years this March.
Engaged.  Plan on doing it this summer.  You still married?
Married?
Nothing makes sense when you're a cop.
It doesn't make sense.  Who would want to do that to you?
'Bout the same time I busted Doucet I tried to nail this big-time dealer. I didn't have an ID, but I was close. Too close.  Gained the confidence of a badass named Dubbs.  He was going to turn me onto the big man.  He made me for a cop.  Mysteriously my fellow officers discovered ten pounds of heroin in my cruiser.
You're saying you were put away for a crime you didn't commit?
I was set up.
Why?
Drop it.
I also PVC'd you.  Youngest Officer promoted to Sergeant. Two CMs.  Four honor medals...
GCI.  TM-1.  What language are you talking?
Sir, I took the liberty of running a GCI scenario on a TM-1 earlier today...
You don't follow the bodies, and you don't follow procedure.  You do it by instinct.  Think like him.  Do what has to be dane.
How then?
You can't catch this man with a computer.
NPA metamorphosis should biologically slow him down.  That's when we'll get him.
Relax, let technology do the work.
Hey, buddy...
Trust me.  You don't want to know.
Give me a break.  I'm serious. What's it like to be dead?
Bacon cheeseburgers.
Then what goes on in there?  What I mean is, what are you thinking about?
When you're frozen, you're legally dead, right?
Yes.
Can I ask you something?
Pass.
Thanks.  Want'a bite?  McDonald's vegiroll.
My insurance won't cover it.
Wanna come?
I'm not fond of television comedies.
You can't turn him off.  He's the Commissioner.
Well, I'm sure.  You're a cop.  I'm a cop.  Let's do what cops do.
We don't know that for sure.  We'll have to wait until they move.
There's no time.  There are civilians in there.  It's about to go down.
I'll inform dispatch.
Some things never change.
How do you know?
They're going to rob that bank.
Technothugs.
See those guys?
Doucet killed my partner.
No offense, but why'd they partner me with a rookie?
Commissioner Gallagher said...  ...twenty years is a long time.
I have to go home, Sanchez.
Lean year for role models.
Whoa.  Don't touch that.  <u>Pursuit</u> <u>Mode</u>.  Auto pilot.  Computerized steering and driving system used in high speed pursuits.  Installed Fall 2006.  Underground rumor has it they modeled it after you, sir.
Got it.  Ejection seat?
You have to use the steering wheel to turn.  The pedal for gas...
Does it drive itself, too?
Give me a break, Sanchez.  It's like riding a bike.
But Sergeant...
I'm ready.
Commissioner Gallagher gave me specific orders not to let you drive until you re-familiarize yourself with the process and territory.
I drive.
Well, that's good enough for me.
Yes.
Are you a cop?
Officer Hector Sanchez, Sergeant. Hillside Academy.  Status G-8. Security Clearance 3.  One year Advance Technical Crime Analyst. Weapons Assistant.  FDA Junior Captain, Hollywood division---
You my partner?
Well I've got news for you.  This dirty cop was the <u>only cop</u> who could bag Doucet.
They always are.
But he was such a good cop.
He went dirty and they made an example of him.
He had a partner.  Our own Ray Gallagher.  He tagged Wade dangerously defiant. Psychotic.  Reckless.  Seems our Commissioner didn't like him much. Busted his buns on a narcotic's violation.  Wade was sentenced to twenty-five years.
Take a look at this.
You never want to find out.
What's it mean?
Demolition Man.
Says here one of our boys brought him down.  You ever heard of a badge named Wade?
You startin' a fan club or some- thin'?
This is the guy that killed my partner.
Jesus, Sanchez... what do you think you're doin'?  That's flatfoot data. You're not supposed to have access to that.
Remember, get the seat fixed.
Bye.  Thanks.
Good to know you, Willy.
William Simpson.  I like Willy.
What's your name?
I'm going to be a policeman.
My granddad was a policeman.
Yes.
My mom says I'm gonna grow.
Seat's too high.
Yeah.
You all right?
I don't care if you've got the Good Housekeeping seal of approval... I'm not looking for company.
Papers.  Last Medcheck two weeks ago. A-1.  Disease free.  Guaranteed by the State.
It's stuck, but thanks for the offer.
You could always take it off.
This little thing says I can't.
Funny.  Would you like to buy me a drink?
Haven't seen you around.  Where have you been all my life, handsome?
Hi.
Hi.
They are all friends of mine -- from over the mountain.  Welcome! Help yourselves to drinks! Glad you could come! Have a good time.
Who are these people?
They're just outsiders. They want to see how fine Jabez Stone lives these days. They're waiting for your guests, too --
What are those people doing there? What do they want?
Oh --  Didn't mean to talk like that in front of a lady.  Get some wine for the Squire, Belle.
Jabez! Careful --
Hey, you! Watch out there -- you're scuffing my Brussels carpet -- Consarn them.
The -- folks or people, what's the difference among friends?
The people, Jabez -- the people.
Of course I will.
We'll cook 'em ourselves. You'll help me, Belle.
We will --
Golly, Belle, that was a good idea -- we should do that every morning.
No, Jabez -- your place is with your wife --
Let's dance together -- Belle.
No -- that's for me to do.
I'll take it.
From over the mountain --
Belle Dee. I'm from over the mountain.
That's my problem, Belle.
You think you're so smart, Mrs. Stone. You wanted to be near Jabez. It looked like your big chance tonight, but you're wrong, you can't win him back -- not that way.
I know -- and you could show me the door. You would, too, if you weren't still hoping the guests might arrive.
You know that you're in my house.
Lying to you -- Why should I?
You're lying.
I didn't.
I see why you're here -- you knew that nobody was coming.
He lied to me again.
That's my business. -- Now, it's all right, Daniel.  What did he do?
Thank you, Belle --
Belle --
No, thank you -- what's your name?
You're not resting well, are you? I know -- it's that music.  You need your sleep. Is there anything else you want?
I've brought you something to keep you warm, Mrs. Stone --
Jabez -- ?
No, siree, it didn't. And it won't -- no matter what happens -- just as long as the folks at the fair believe in freedom and Union. So --  Giddyap, Constitution -- and let's keep going, Mr. Stone.
But it didn't stop. I know it didn't stop. Granny told me it didn't.
You're wrong, Mr. Stone. There are people who live and die without e'er seeing it. They can't see the country for the money in their pockets -- And some think their state's the country, or the way they live is the country, and they're willing to split the country because of that. Well, I hope you'll meet all those, when you're grown. You'll meet the fire-eaters and the Circassian beauties -- that's part of the fair, to be sure. But if we'd had to depend on them, in a permanent way, the country would have stopped at the Allegheny mountains.
Anybody can see that.
Well -- it's high and it's wide and it goes a long way and there is a wind blowing through it and a blue roof over it -- it's the hills up here and the rivers running south and the new States growing in the West.
What's that, sir?
Maybe you can, sometime, Daniel. I'm a farmer, you know, and like to show my farm -- but the thing I'd like to show you most, you'll have to see for yourself.
Golly -- I'd like to see all your horses!
No, Daniel -- they are not race horses. They are good old friends of mine. I call 'em Constitution and Bill of Rights, the most dependable pair for long journeys. I've got one called Missouri Compromise, too, and then there's a Supreme Court -- fine, dignified horse, though you do have to push him now and then.
Make them go faster, Mr.... ?
It does hurt! And don't you do it again.
Why? It don't hurt.
Daniel! Don't ever let me catch you doing that again!
And serve him right!
Well, I thought he'd come in the middle.
And what about Daniel Webster?
I think I'd like to begin with the fire-eater --
A varied list of attractions. And which would you like to see first, Dan'l?
'N Daniel Webster will be there.
Young man -- you got me there.
And two unpara-- unparalleled Cir-cass-ian beauties? What is that?
Guess there will, if it says so.
No -- but I can hardly wait -- Mister -- tell me, will there really be --  -- a man that eats fire?
It hasn't opened yet?
Gee -- that Fair --
All right, Daniel. Jump in.
Well, I wouldn't mind.  But my name's Daniel Stone.
Hello, Colonel! Want a lift?
All right, darling.
I don't want to be up there all alone, Mama.... I want to be with you.
Daniel! ... You must go to sleep.
Mama!
No, no, I don't want to go to bed. I want to be here for the party.
Daniel, you ought to be in bed.
Daniel! ...  I've stood just about as much as I can bear!
No! No! I won't.
Daniel give me that beanshooter!
It's mine, Ma! Pa made it for me -- and I'm not going to give it to anyone!
Yes, you did, Daniel! I saw it from the window. And then to lie about it! Give me that beanshooter, Daniel!
Not me! 
I see you! Riding pretty high, ain't you? Look out you don't fall off.
Grandma, look at me!
I did not, Grandma.
Lan's to goodness, what happened to that hen? Did you use that beanshooter again?
That's just too bad --
But I like the new one better.
Move? -- We are not going to move -- the old one is good enough for us.
Granny, when do we move to the new house?
Now don't you worry about that. You just leave it all to me. We won't talk business now ... just bear this in mind ... I'm not the man to get rich on other people's hard luck.... No, sir... not me! ...
Say ... about the interest ...
Thanks, Jabez -- I really wouldn't need very much ... if you could let me have some seed to start off with enough for spring planting ...
Not at all, Hank ... not at all. Glad to help you.
Don't I? ... Say, that's mighty white of you, Jabez.
Oh -- you don't have to go to Miser Stevens while I'm around.
Yes, but what does a farmer do if he don't want to get roped in some more by them loan sharks?
I don't know -- don't seem much of an idea to me.
Well -- here's how it is ...Tom Sharp, Eli Higgins and a couple of others been talking to me about -- that new sort of organization -- grange they call it. What you think about it?
Why, of course, Hank -- I've always got time for a neighbor. What's on your mind?
Kin you spare a moment for me Jabez?
Howdy, Hank.
Howdy, Jabez.
We'll be mighty glad to have you with us.
Why, thank you, Tom. I was going to ask you if you thought I could.
Jabez -- will you join our Grange now?
I'll look out for myself! ... Now go away -- leave me alone.
Well -- we don't mean to force you, Jabez Stone -- but -- it's only for your own good.
That farmers' association -- we were talking about the other day.
What Grange?
Howdy, Mr. Stone. We've come round to ask you if you made up your mind to join the Grange?
What do you want?
Black Dan'l?
Why not! There's a bill up in Congress to give us a uniform law of bankruptcy. Daniel Webster is fighting for it right now--
I am just thinkin' -- now they mightn't like the idea down in Washington.
That's fair enough, Jabez. Man's got a right to mull things over. We'll drive round again, week or so.
Sure does. But I'll have to sleep on it a couple of nights.
Yes, it's the debt and the lien and the mortgage that eats up the farmer!
Sure am.
Are you one of old Stevens' customers too?
Too bad it didn't happen to Miser Stevens.
Loan shark -- hey?
Belle --
Belle.
Never mind. What's your name?
But she is -- I've taken her place. Don't you remember -- you wrote me a letter. Mrs. Stone was too ill.
She couldn't be gone!
No. She's gone.
You're not -- Dorothy.
Stevens -- what's all this leading up to? You know something. Come on! Out with it -- you know something about me!
I do -- and I think you should too.
Huh? -- What's that?  Well -- what about it? Who cares, anyhow?
What if one hasn't a soul any more? What of that?
All right -- so it's buried with you!
Don't say that -- I know it is --
Why do you fret about something that isn't there?
But what becomes of our souls?
Are you plumb crazy, man! What do you think happens? We're buried -- that's all.
-- of what happens after we die!
Afraid ... of what?
You are afraid!
What's the matter with you?
Well -- it seems to me -- I remember when you paid me--
Almost seven.  No -- no, he's not seven yet I am sure --
What a fine boy you have, Jabez. How old is he now?
Now run along, Daniel.
I dunno -- I can't figure it out. I've invited them all. Why don't they come?
Where's everybody?
No, you're not.
Good evening -- I'm sorry, Jabez -- I'm a little late.
Some other time, Stevens.
Yes, I wanted to get here before the others.... I want to talk to you alone.
Hello, Stevens ... you're early today.
Mornin', Jabez ...
Doesn't satisfy, eh? Well -- that's too bad....
Real! Sheriff, you are a witness that this money is paid me voluntarily, and while it does not satisfy the mortgage, it has become my property.
You know -- some folks are just lucky. Others pick gold right out of the air.  Like that!
I'd like to know where you'd get it....
-- in gold.
No, Stone!
I barely managed to scrape up a bit for you. I thought if I made a kind of part payment --
Well, Stone -- have you got the money?
Stevens!
Gentlemen, the prosecution rests.
You know darn well it is.
But, Mr. Stone, I am hardly to blame for the pricking of your wholly unnecessary conscience.  Is this your signature?
Yes -- yes, I am the richest man -- too rich. I can't think of anything but money. That's the trouble with me.
That is highly irrelevant to this case, Your Honor.
Yes, I did -- but you tricked me into signing it! You told me my soul was nothing ... that I could forget all about a soul, in exchange for money. That was a lie, a lie, a lie.
Jabez Stone -- did you or did you not sign this document?
Never!
Are you willing to give me your son in exchange for an extension of our contract?
About what?
Well now, Mr. Stone, did you make up your mind?
Come, come, Mr. Stone, you are a little upset. It's not fair to bargain with you now. -- I'll give you until midnight, Mr. Stone, but not one minute more. Ah, then you'll come with me indeed.
No! No! No! Not him -- not my son -- I'd rather go with you -- right now.
I'm afraid that's hardly the sort of security I was thinking of --  You see -- there is that promising little fellow, your son ...
Anything -- anything. -- You can have it all back -- that money -- the new house -- my farm -- the whole caboodle!
Suddenly you seem quite desperate, Mr. Stone --  -- You know I'm a good-natured man. I'm always open to reason. With a little security -- I might--
Not now! Not now!  -- Let me make up -- let me make up.
Oh no, you violated clause five of our contract and I could collect right now, if I chose.
I have still a year -- a year to make up for everything.
What a headstrong fellow! Well -- I guess you're quite prepared to suffer the consequences.
I'm through with you.
Trying to break our contract again, Mr. Stone?
My time isn't up yet.
Small? Oh, I see what you mean. Why, they vary.  Now a man like Daniel Webster, if I ever get hold of him, I'd have to build a special box for him and even at that, I imagine, the wing spread would be astonishing.  In your case --
Are they all as -- small -- as that?
He was --
He ain't dead -- he's dancing in there.
.... Miser Stevens' soul, Mr. Stone. Yes -- I am sorry for the disturbance.
Just a minute, neighbor Stone. I promised you money and all that money can buy. I don't recall any other obligations. But let's look at the contract.
You promised me prosperity, happiness, love, money, friendship --
Why, Mr. Stone, you look so worried. Can I be of any service?
Oh, certainly. I shan't even come to the christening -- it would be tactless and in wretched bad taste.  But I may send a friend of mine -- just for old sake's sake. Yes, I might do that.
Leave your tongue off of that!
But you should, now that you are becoming a father.
I don't care.
Oh come, Neighbor Stone. I wouldn't cut that tree if I were you. It means a breach of contract.
Look here now--
Good evening, Neighbor Stone.
1840. Well, that'll take us to the seventh day of April in 1847.
The seventh day of April --
Yes, indeed. But not now. Not for seven years. Oh, I almost forgot -- what is the date?
Well, I'll be -- 
Excellent. A firm, fair signature. One that will last till doomsday.  My dear Neighbor Stone, I congratulate you! You're going to be the richest man in New Hampshire! 
A pin, Neighbor Stone! I'm afraid, you'll have to prick your finger -- but what's a little pain to a lucky man?
No, no! Give it to me!
Well, why should that worry you. A soul -- a soul is nothing. Can you see it, smell it, touch it? -- No! -- Think of it -- this soul -- your soul -- a nothing, against seven whole years of good luck! You will have money and all that money can buy. Upon my word, Neighbor Stone, if it weren't for my firm's reputation for generous dealing--
What does it mean here -- about my soul?
That's right, Mr. Stone -- there is --  -- just one little formality. I'd like your signature here -- see. And when it's done -- it's done for seven years.  It's our usual form. Of course -- we may be able to take up the question of a renewal in due time.
It's mine?
Yes, of course, people forgot -- or the men who knew about it died, you know how these things happen.
Yes, why shouldn't it?
Oh, you know the old story -- the Hessian wagon train that was ambushed on the way to Saratoga. Some of the gold has been buried under your barn!
Where did it come from?
A clever man like yourself -- he can find money anywhere. Money to pay his bills -- money for his wife and his children -- money to be a rich man. All he needs is a friend to point it out to him.  Like that!
Well, now, Mister, that sounds all right. But--
Of course. Why man, you have one of the richest farms in the county.  You just go about it the wrong way -- so many men do. Hard work -- well, that's all right for people who don't know how to do anything else. It's all right for people who aren't lucky -- but once you're lucky -- you don't work for other people. You make them work for you.
Opportunities?
You've had a lot of bad luck these days. And yet -- it's all so unnecessary. When I think of your opportunities --
You can't say that to me! I'm New Hampshire. If I say I called you, I did.  I guess I did.
Do you deny that you called me? I've known people in other States who went back on their word. But I didn't expect it in New Hampshire.
Breakfast ... Ah! ... Come along friends, Ma Stone's a cook this side of heaven.
Ma says breakfast's ready, Mr. Webster!
I know -- that was mighty queer Medford -- knew it the minute I tasted it. But it takes more than that to down Daniel Webster.
Well, I --
You were worried, Jabez, weren't you?
Oh, come, man, come. Just because you've sold your soul to the devil that needn't make you a teetotaler.
There's no joy in it for me.
There's nothing like it. I saw an inchworm take a drop of it once, and he stood right up on his hind legs and bit a bee. Come -- try a nip!
Then I'll just christen the jug, with your permission, Stone. Somehow or other, waiting's wonderfully shorter with a jug.
Not long -- now.
They make plucky women in New England.  H'm ... how long have we to wait?
Yes -- at midnight.
I see. And this is where he'd like to collect, too.
Yes, Mr. Webster -- it was here where it all began.
It's here you said that you closed the deal with him?
It's your fault! You brought Daniel Webster here -- just to try to make a fool of me! You played the sneak behind my back -- made up all sorts of lies against me! You can get yourself out of my home -- go back to the other house -- that old place, where you belong -- I don't want to -- to talk to you again!
No -- you haven't time -- You haven't time for your mother, or your wife, or your child.
I -- I don't know what you're talking about! I -- I haven't time to listen to all this --
I'm sorry you can't see that, I know you could once -- you made a little speech once, that I'll always remember and I know the others do too --  They remember and they see how you have changed. That's why they didn't want to come tonight to you, Jabez -- you're as blind as a Burma bat, with your gold pot! Mind you, it's not the money, I've been talking about, it's what you make of it.
They'd have a good neighbor, Jabez -- and that's worth much more than anything else -- much, much more!
Contracts? -- Yes, they have contracts with me -- lots of 'em -- but -- but that's all right. Without me and my money, they wouldn't have anything.
You, Jabez Stone -- you and a lot of poor farmers, hereabouts -- good men of the earth who are in trouble because of you. Or -- am I wrong about those contracts, Mr. Stone?
What -- what's on your mind?
That's just fine, Neighbor Stone -- but -- I have to be pretty careful of my seats of honor -- where I sit, I mean. You see, the whole country sort of has its eye on me, Jabez -- anybody in public life has that difficulty -- even you, Jabez. They watch us carefully, our neighbors and our enemies, and they see much more than we think they do -- and understand much more. My friends all like to think that I've got the good of mankind always at heart, and I've got to make sure that those I deal with have the good of mankind always at heart, too. Do you know what I'm talking about, Jabez?
Well -- Mr. Webster! This is a great day for me. Come on in, sir. I want you to take the seat of honor and meet all my guests!
Well -- I'll be -- if it isn't little Mary Sampson from Franklin.
Mr. Webster -- I'd like you to meet my wife, Mary.
Eloquent speech, Neighbor Stone -- couldn't have done better myself --  -- under the circumstances.  Thank you.
Thanks, Mr. Webster!  To the champion of the whole United States -- Dan'l Webster!
Here's a man who knows what's good for Dan'l Webster! Medford rum! Ah, a breath of the Promised Land!  To the champion of the Iron Horseshoe, Jabez Stone!
Not at all, lad -- not at all.  For a good game of horseshoes I would always sacrifice fame and acclaim.
Seems like it's my fault, Mr. Webster.
I don't seem to be so very popular after all -- in Cross Corners.
Thank you, Mr. Webster.
You win. Will you ride to the village with me, Mr. Stone?
Ten throws it is.
Ten throws -- Mr. Webster?
Shake!
5000 -- that's just what I owe you.
How much?
Why not -- ?
Oh yes -- I am -- want to bet?
You are not so sure that he'll come.
That's fine. Now you can tell people all about the house, but don't mention Webster.
Well -- yes --
Now, Squire, you're not going to let me down. We still want to do a lot of business together, don't we?
You mean that's all you had me come out here for?
Yes  siree -- that's the idea. Get them all here and then say: "Look, folks -- here's Daniel Webster, my guest of honor." Golly, I can see their eyes pop already.
You want me to go around --
You keep that -- that's for you. I want you to talk up the party to make sure that the best folks really come.
You think that's a joke? I had him on there too, but I was afraid Dan'l Webster might feel insulted.
The only one you missed -- is the President.
Now look -- here's a list of the people I invited -- they're all the right kind of people -- or did I miss anybody?
Yes.
Yes -- and that's the reason I wanted to talk with you. You got my invitation?
Dan'l Webster?
Dan'l Webster is coming to my party.
Why of course --
Oh yes -- yes. Won't take a minute. Can you keep a secret?
Well, Jabez -- I'm a little pressed for time. You wanted to discuss something -- some business --
You really think so?
How do you do, Belle? How are you, Jabez?  Well -- mighty elegant house you got here.
Howdy, Squire! Howdy! Oh -- how do you do, Squire.
Well? Don't a politician have to be?
But -- I was just lucky.
Selectman? Selectman of the village? Me?
And so, Jabez Stone, in the name of the Whig Party of Cross Corners, we offer you the nomination of that party for Selectman.
Camomile tea!
Worst I had in years -- ahem -- starting a spring cold, I guess -- er -- don't happen to have a bit of camomile tea in the house, do you, Stone?
Headache -- Squire?
Oh!
Ahem -- Neighbor Stone, we want--
Mighty good of you to come out, Squire -- sparing all this time to --  Sheriff, too -- and Schoolmaster -- mighty nice.
Come right into the parlor, won't you, folks.
Ahem -- we want to have a little confidential talk with you, Neighbor Stone. Don't like to take a man away from his planting -- but sometimes --
Morning, Jabez.
Why -- good morning, Squire.
Shall we?
Coming along, Jabez?
Mary!
Jabez -- Jabez!
All right, Jabez ...
You must go now, Mary -- you must!
Oh, Jabez! ...  Did you hear, Mr. Webster? --  Now you'll help him, won't you?
Mary! Come back ...
Jabez!
Mr. Webster ... Wait! ...  Mary!
What's the matter with 'em? Why don't they come?
It's -- different, Jabez -- that's all.
Think this room is larger than anything Webster's got at Marshfield? You've been there. What about it, Mary?
I don't know, Jabez.
Why don't they come --
Oh, for heaven's sake, leave me alone!
Well -- I am worried about the way you've changed. That was one thing you said you'd never do -- remember?
It shows on your face.
But Jabez, I never said that!
He's my son and I like him the way he is. Why do you always have to pick on him? If it's not the boy it's me. You don't like the way I live -- you don't like my friends, or my new house -- or anything.
My fault? ... Oh, Jabez -- all I want is to be proud of him. He can be such a fine boy, if we show him how to be.
Isn't that your own fault?
Jabez -- how can you let her talk like that when the boy is present? He won't respect me any more.
You're not supposed to punish my son, Mary.
I am going to lock him up.
What happened.... Where are you taking him?
Nothing, Jabez -- just natural for a baby to cry, sometimes.  Shh, little Daniel -- sleep -- sleep --
What in sugar hill's the matter with him?
Potato bug sits on the leaf in the sun, Sleep, sleep, my baby -- Raccoon sits in the spruce all night, Sleep, baby, sleep --
Don't be cross with him, Ma. This don't happen every day.
Well -- I -- I-
Hello, Jabez --  Here's your son.
Mary --
Mary -- but look -- it didn't touch an ear of my corn -- we'll have a rich harvest.
Ruined -- all the fields -- ruined. 
I wasn't used to being big -- wasn't used to thinking in big ways. Now, I've made up my mind.
Jabez -- once you said we'd never change --
And I don't want to have a washwoman for a wife.
No, no. I don't want to be idle.
Well -- that's the last time -- we'll have servants to do it.
But Jabez -- the washing has to be done --
But it's not very becoming to you to have your hands in the suds -- when the Squire and his wife --
It's very becoming to you, Mr. Selectman.
I'm serious.
Yes, Mr. Selectman!
That's one thing I want to talk to you about, Mary.
I'll never get my washing done.
You could have knocked me down with a feather -- Selectman -- me.
Oh -- Jabez.
Mary! I'm -- Selectman of Cross Corners!
Thanks, Mary.
I'll get it, Jabez.
Mary, get three cups of camomile tea for the Squire and the rest. They all feel colds coming on.
Jabez --
Mary --
Don't take cold, Jabez.  Come -- it's warm in here.
Yes -- you are right, Mary. I can almost hear the little blades of grass a-starting up -- All the seeds a-stirring underneath the ground --
There's hope and promise in it, Jabez -- Planting and promise of good harvest to come.
Mary -- you just wait and see -- It's all -- just the beginning -- just the beginning -- of everything. I'll be the biggest man in New Hampshire and you'll be the wife of the biggest man.
You'll never change -- will you?
There is nothing to worry about now.
Worried!
Tired?
But I'm glad to be home again --
Oh, Jabez -- it was a wonderful day --
Remember, Mary, how he said it: "Couldn't have done better myself, Jabez Stone," and it was my first speech. I don't know what came into me, Mary. I just stood up and the words came flowing like water out of my mouth.
Yes, Mary.  It's been a long day.
We must go on home, Jabez.
Looks right elegant, Mary.
What do you think of that, Jabez?
I'd love to.
Will you come into town with me tomorrow?
It feels fine now, Jabez.
Mary -- look! Hessian gold. I found it in the barn.
Well -- I -- I don't know -- I would pay our debts and well -- maybe get a new bonnet, but -- really -- I think I would live the same.
Mary -- what would you do?
Jabez!
Mary -- what would you do with a pot o' gold?
No, Jabez -- all I need is some rest -- You go and pay our debt. Everything'll be all right then ... everything.
I'll get the doctor.
Mary -- how do you feel?
Jabez ...
Mary--
You're right, Mary it's a fine calf. That's why Stevens'll take it for the rest of the payment.
Oh Jabez! And we were counting on ...  It's a lovely calf.
Seed alone won't do, Mary. We have to throw the calf in.
Jabez!
I will, Mary -- always thought a man could be stronger alone -- seems I've been wrong about that.
Jabez -- you ought to talk to Tom about joining the Grange.
Mary, I'm a farmer -- always will be. To me seed isn't a thing to pay debts with, it's alive, more alive than anything -- but I guess you're right. We just got to do it. Oh -- how's it all going to end?
You always said, the field uphill needs a rest, but if you think --
To save us work on the spring plowing?
Jabez! Couldn't you take a sack of seed instead?
If the pig hadn't broke his leg, we could have taken him.
It's all right, Jabez. We'll find something to pay Stevens.
Yes -- I had to pay the vet in full. He just wouldn't have treated the horse this time. After all, we can't very well do without a horse.
Not all of it?
Mary -- it's gone.
Do you think I'm grudging it?
Your butter money?
We can still use my butter money.
Well -- what are we going to do?
If it would only move old Miser Stevens -- We've still got to pay him.
That's wonderful language. It would move a stone.
" ... and if the final vote shall leave thousands of our fellow citizens and their families in hopeless distress, can we -- members of the Government -- go to our beds with a clear conscience, can we, without self- reproach, supplicate the Almighty Mercy to forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors?
It's Tom Sharp and two other fellers -- Oh, glory -- where's my pants?
Who is it?
Well, I'll be -- there's a rig, turning in, by the gate.
Hold the splint tighter -- it's almost done.  Go on reading, Ma. This man, Job, he had troubles, didn't he?
He's stubborn as a Stone.
That's what we said.
Jabez, don't you remember your own wedding? We said it's for better or worse. We said it's for richer or poorer.
I remember Dad used to say sometimes, when they were handing out hard luck, the farmers got there first.
Yep.
Oh, Jabez.
I think his leg is broken.
You're right, Mary.
Now, Jabez! I've got on my Sunday bonnet and I'm going to church with my husband. Almost the first time since the beginning of winter -- and if that isn't an occasion, I don't know what is.
What is that smile on your face?  Is there anything wrong with me?
All right -- only he needn't dirty my pants!
He only wants you to throw the stick for him, Jabez. I guess he's feeling the spring a-coming, too.
Down, Shep! Down!
Coming.
Jabez -- help!
Of course it's all right, son. You had Daniel Webster, didn't ye?  Breakfast's ready!  I've made a special surprise for Mr. Webster.
Ma -- Ma -- it's all right, Ma!
Gone with Daniel Webster -- to Marshfield, son.... You told Mary to go--
Ma! ...  Where's Mary ... and little Dan'l?
My son ... what's the matter?
And I say she won't! I'll not have the scorn of God on this place -- with the smell of fish in it, polluting up the Sabbath!  And as for you -- let me tell you, young woman...!
I want you to fix these fish!
Sure, Ma.
You go down and see what's keeping Dorothy.
Fiddlesticks! She don't hear it. Got better music to listen to than that.  There -- that's what I mean.
Golly, Ma --  Consarn that music! Shouldn't a-had the harvest festival tonight.
You'll be a father any minute now.
Ma -- is she? --
Make out? We'll do better than that!  I never thought I'd be glad for bad luck, but I am. I never thought I'd be glad of a hail storm at harvest time, but I am! Oh, bless ye the works of the Lord in the hail and the storm and the rain!
Now that's the way to talk, Son! I know you worked hard for that crop. But we'll make out.
I say -- it don't matter.
What's that you say, Son?
It don't matter!
Oh, here you are, Jabez. Lan's, I was worried about you.... Hail in August! The crops will be ruined!
A man can always change things, Son. That's what makes him different from barnyard critters.
Ma -- and yet, a man could change that, couldn't he?
You see, son? I'm old and I've lived. When a man gets his money in bad ways -- when he sees the better course and takes the worse -- then the devil is in his heart -- and that fixes him.
Wouldn't profit him none.
I know, Ma, but -- Suppose a man got his money in bad ways --
Why, that's just sense, Son. Now a man like Daniel Webster -- guess they pay him high for what he does. But he's worth it -- and he helps others. Makes all the difference.
Do you really think that?
I figure that depends a mite on how you get it and how you spend it, Son.
Money -- money's a funny thing, ain't it, Ma?
Me -- a son.
Lan's, I'd think you was having the baby, to hear you.
I feel -- fidgety, Ma -- not right at all.
Well, thank the Lord you can always depend on New England for weather. We've got enough for the whole United States.
Queer sort of weather we're having -- queer like everything else.
Oh, go along with you! As if it mattered to a grandma! But p'raps you got an even chance.
My son! Do you really think, Ma....
It won't be the first baby ever born in this house.  There! Made me drop a stitch!  Sit down, you make me nervous!  Lan's, that's the way a man always is. Thinks his son's the most important thing in the world.
Now look here, Ma. I'm not a boy anymore. I want that understood. I don't aim to stay a one-horse farmer the rest of my life. Mary's got to be the kind of wife a -- a big man needs --
Well, son, I'm glad to see a Stone come up in the world again.
Say, Mary, how is your shoulder?
Well -- that's comforting!  Supper.
But it's true. Take 'em up in your hands, Mary -- feel 'em -- they're real all right.  Aren't you glad?
Most outlandish thing I ever heard tell.  Don't seem right, somehow!
Yes -- I was getting the seed -- I stumbled -- I saw one of the boards warped up a bit -- and -- there it was.
You found it in the barn, hey?
I can't help it. I mean it, I tell you. I've had more than my share. Nothing ever goes right for me -- nothing!
Hush up such talk, Jabez!
And why should I? Let him howl if it makes him feel good.  Consarn it. He's better off than I am! I wish I could tell Him...  ... up there, just what I think.
Well ... make him keep quiet.
I dunno.
What's ailing that dog?
All right, son -- if it helps.
Helps sometimes to say it.
That's a word you're too free with lately, Jabez, consarn this and consarn that ...
Yes -- and you figgered right, consarn it!
I just figgered -- knew you didn't have enough bills.
How'd you know to have the calf ready, Ma?
Not on the Sabbath you won't, Jabez!
There! Guess that ought to hold good. Put him down here, by the fire, Mary.  But we don't want to get him too close -- we'll have roast pork for supper.
That's right, Ma -- we ain't licked yet. A Stone's never licked till he's dead -- that's what Dad used to say, didn't he, Ma?
Now, Jabez Stone -- as for what you're calling hard luck -- well, we made New England out of it. That and codfish.
Hard luck -- like me.
You know that, son.
Sorry, Ma -- but this consar-- this little pig --  He won't let me fix him --
Jabez! What kind of talk is that for the Sabbath? And me a-reading the holy word!
Consarn the consarn --
"There was a man in the land of Uz whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God and eschewed evil."
Belle, give the Sheriff a cup of rum.
Jabez -- seems  like I've been hearing talk around. Reverend Harper thinks more Cross Corners folk oughter be in church, Sabbath morning.
Come in, Sheriff.
Very well, folks. I accept.
It seems such an obvious candidature to us all.
And you didn't get it, hey? Come on, we'll have another talk with him.
Hello, Jabez -- I was just talking to Stevens about a little extension on your payment.
Hello, Sheriff.
The law is the law. Good-bye, Mary.
Let him try it.
Wish I could really do something for you. But you know Stevens. He'll throw you off your farm tomorrow if you don't pay him tonight.
It's all right, Sheriff.
Yep -- you can't get around that mortgage. -- I'm sorry, Jabez.
I won't forget.
Be sure to let me know if Daniel is over there.
Ah, fiddlesticks -- you are old enough to know what you are doing.
You aren't angry with me?
So you've made up your mind to go to the party.
I said you should stop worrying because I've made up my mind!
What's that?
Worried about me! Well, you just stop it!
Me? Why, look here, Mary Stone -- I'm worried about you, that's all.
Now, Ma -- You just try to set an example for me, and keep hold of yourself.
Fox hunting -- a Stone going fox hunting on a week day -- and the earth crying out for the touch of him!
Jabez -- for the good of your soul ... please come with us.
She'll do nothing of the kind! She's going to church with me, right away!
Yes, Ma -- I'm ready --
Mary! Ready? First bell's a-ringing!
What mountain?
The new girl -- Jabez says; she is from over the mountain.
What a nice -- and kind girl --  Who is she --?
Yes, Mrs. Slossum told me -- Lucy can't even keep a secret -- Selectman -- my son -- well, who would have thought of that?
You know, Ma, why the Squire came to see Jabez?
H'm. Hessian gold. Well -- hope it'll do us more good than it did the Hessians.
I'll try hard -- I just can't take it all in.
Yes, Jabez -- don't worry.
Let her be, son. She'll do all right. You better get yourself straightened out.
Land sakes, I don't mind. I never did hold much with Job, even if he is Scripture. He took on too much to suit me. I don't want to malign the man, but he always sounded to me as if he came from Massachusetts. Yes, Mary, you go ahead and read.
That is -- if you don't mind changing the lesson, Ma.
I guess we won't.
Well, I guess we won't be going to church today.
Coming, Ma.
Mary -- Jabez --
You throw mighty far, Jabez -- almost into the pigsty.
Yes, sir -- I guess I do -- Gee --
Of course. And you tell your father for me -- we may be on opposite sides of the fence, but I'm always glad to hear of a man who holds to his own opinions. As long as people do that -- the country's all right. Do you understand, Martin?
Gee, would you, Mr. Webster? Honest?
Well, Martin, I only wear them in Washington -- that's the trouble. But if you ever come down there, I'll show them to you.
Martin Van Buren Aldrich and my Pa's the only Democrat in Cross Corners. He said you had horns and a tall, Mr. Webster, but I ain't seen 'em yet.
What are you looking for, Colonel?  What's your name?
She'll be here in a moment. She has a special surprise for you.
There is nothing like a good old country breakfast. Where's Ma?
I'll do my best, Mary.
Mr. Webster -- you will help him?
Mary -- what love and trust could do for your husband, you've done. And frankly, in a very few moments, this is going to be no place for a lady.
Jabez ...
Are you, Mary?  Well, I guess I'm glad myself -- seeing as how you feel this way.  Party seems to be quite a success.  Lots of guests, anyhow.
Oh -- Mr. Webster -- I'm so glad you came!
And now come on, Mary. I want to show you the all-fired biggest parsnips in the whole United States, raised right here in Marshfield -- of course!
Oh, could you, Mr. Webster ?
Mary -- you've talked to me as you might have talked to your father and I believe he wants me to help you a little. You see, sometimes we think we're licked in this life -- but we weren't put here to be licked. Don't you believe it. Sometimes the shadows seem to get hold of us -- the shadows and the evil -- but it is still up to us to fight. Now I was thinking before you came, of coming over to Cross Corners end of the month, to get acquainted with my Godson -- and other things.
You see, I don't care if we are rich or poor -- I don't care if we're big or small, all I care about is Jabez. He was the first man I loved. He never used to care about money -- we were poor as Job's turkey, but none of us minded. Now I've seen him drive the poor from the door, and we used to be poor ourselves. I've seen him get hard and mean, and he isn't hard or mean. I've heard him mock at the church bells -- the bells that rang for our wedding. That's not like him, Mr. Webster -- It must be my fault somehow -- my fault.
You don't have to defend him to me, Mary -- I've been called names myself.
Mr. Webster, you mustn't believe all that people say.
I've heard some odd things about Jabez lately -- he seems to make the wrong kind of name for himself.
Why -- yes -- it's hard to put it into words, Mr. Webster. There's this matter of little Daniel's schooling and the new house -- and well -- there's something else that's wrong -- it gets worse, year after year -- it's like a shadow growing -- I can't really talk about it, even to Ma -- she puts it all on Jabez and I won't stand for that.
Yes, you've chatted a lot, woman-like nibbling around the edge -- But, Mary, forgive an old lawyer's legal mind, I don't think you ever once came to the point. And there is a point, isn't there?
Goodness, Mr. Webster, I've done nothing but talk about that all through dinner.
No, you wouldn't -- You're not the sort of woman that's afraid of smoke -- or fire -- But now let's talk about your affairs.
Of course not --
Well -- she hardly ever comes here -- she's not the type of woman who cares to live in the country. Yes -- I'm all on my own -- sometimes it makes you feel a little lonely --  Do you mind if I indulge?
No, really, thank you. -- Is Mrs. Webster coming back soon?
Well Mary, it's too bad I didn't know -- I would have given you a real dinner, but with my wife being in Washington -- Have another piece of pie -- 
-- I'm going to try, Mr. Webster.
You've got a smart man, Mrs. Stone. Hang onto him.
It is.
Why, that's different!  Well, boys, I guess we'll knock off. I've got to see a friend.
Just someone from New Hampshire!
If it's the British Minister, take him around to the pantry and give him some Madeira --
Someone to see you, Dan'l!
Hullooo!
Hey there, Dan'l! Black Dan'l!
Why, you long-barreled, slab-sided, lantern- jawed, note-shaving crook, be off with you ...
My congratulations -- as between two gentlemen.
I object.
Your Honor -- gentlemen of the jury -- this case need not detain us long. It concerns one thing alone -- the transference, barter and sale of a certain piece of property, to wit, his soul by Jabez Stone. That transference, barter or sale is attested by a deed. I offer that deed in evidence and mark it Exhibit A.
I'll drink to that, Mr. Scratch!
The quick or the dead! You have said it.  May -- the best man win, Mr. Webster!
Let it be the quick or the dead -- So it is an American judge and an American jury!
Very well. -- You shall have your trial, Mr. Webster. The case is hardly one for an ordinary jury --
I do! If I can't win this case with a jury, you shall have me, too. If two New Hampshire men aren't a match for the devil, we'd better give this country back to the Indians.
You mean -- a jury trial?
Then I stand on the Constitution! I demand a trial for my client.
And who with better right? When the first wrong was done to the first Indian, I was there. When the first slaver put out for the Congo, I stood on the deck. Am I not spoken of, still, in every church in New England? 'Tis true, the North claims me for a Southerner, and the South for a Northerner, but I am neither. To tell the truth, Mr. Webster, though I don't like to boast of it, my name is older in the country than yours.
Well, I never heard the dev-- of your claiming American citizenship.
Foreign? And who calls me a foreigner?
H'm. This appears -- I say appears -- to be properly drawn. But you shall not have this man! A man isn't property! Mr. Stone is an American citizen, and no American citizen may be forced into the service of a foreign prince.
There, Mr. Webster.  All open and above-board and in due and legal form.
Not so fast, Mr. Scratch. Produce your evidence -- if you have it.
Your spirited efforts on behalf of your clients do you credit, Mr. Webster -- If you have no more arguments to adduce I'll take him along now.
Cup for cup!
Talk has never proved that question, Mr. Webster!  Cup for cup -- what do you say?
There isn't enough Medford rum in the whole of New Hampshire to make me sleepy. 
Oh ..  not that you ever get drunk! No, indeed! But a kind of overpowering lassitude or, more plainly, a deep and enveloping sleep.
Me?
It even kicked back -- once at you, didn't it?
Why, certainly -- but be careful, Mr. Scratch -- Medford rum has an uncanny habit of kicking back, even with old-timers like yourself. 
Scratch will do for the evening. May I -- join you?
Attorney of record for Jabez Stone. Might I ask your name?
Mr. Webster, I presume?
Pretty good -- that's perfect!
Say, that's pretty good, young man.
I'll be there, too!
I'd rather see you on the side of the opposition.
With the presidential election coming up, I thought I could be of some help, sir.
Oh -- it's you again. What do you want?
It's only a short drive, Mr. Webster.
Oh, that's what you want -- well, you can be perfectly honest with Jabez Stone -- now.
I can't be honest with them.
Why don't you?
No, no ...  I want to talk to men ... to people in Cross Corners ...to my neighbors ...
You can talk to me ...
I want someone to talk to ...
The loneliness? Lonely with all your gold, Mister Stevens? That hardly makes sense.
That isn't it. It's ... the loneliness, Mr. Scratch ... the loneliness!
My money? Why, Mister Stevens? What a quaint idea. Come over to the door. I want to speak to you privately. Stop throwing away that money. We mustn't let people see any softness in you, Mister Stevens.... People take advantage of softness, you know. Come out of there -- I'll give you an extension if you'll forget this stupid repentance idea.
I wanted to give it all to the church.
Just remember that when you sign for the tip.  They're paying for it, so don't be shy.
You're all right, Argyle.
I'll find someplace.
What is it don't work out that way? Where you gonna stay?
It's corny, but I could live with it.
So, you go on upstairs to the party, your lady sees you, you run into each other's arms.  Music comes up, you live happily ever after, that it?
That is Christmas music.
How 'bout some Christmas music?
Mind if I play some tunes?
Like I said, Argyle...you're fast.
You mean you thought she wouldn't make it out here and she'd come crawling on back, so why bother to pack?
'Cause I'm a New York cop who used to be a New York kid, and I got six months backlog of New York scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars. I don't just get up and move.
So, why didn't you come?
Closer to Japan.  You're fast.
But meant her moving here.
She had a good job, it turned into a great career.
So, you divorced of what?
It's okay, it's okay.
Hey, I'm sorry.  When I was a cabdriver, see, people expected a little chit chat, a little eccentricity and comaraderie, I forgot how stuck up you limo guys were, so excuse me.
You're nosey, you know that, Argyle?
Meanwhile, you still live in New York?
The past six months.
The girl was off today.  Hey, I didn't expect you to sit up front.  So, your lady live out here?
Married.
If your friend is hot to trot...I know a couple of mama bears.  ...Or is he married?
That's okay.  This is my first time riding in one.
Do I?  I'm sorry.  You're gonna have to help me, man.  This is my first time driving a limo.
Argyle.  Don't you take this stuff?
Argyle.  I'm your limo driver.  Hey, nice bag.
I'm John McClane.
We must shut down the building.  Go wider --!
-- ten blocks?  Are you crazy?  It's Christmas Eve, thousands of people -- the Mayor'll scream bloody murder --
If he's not a terrorist, and he's not a hostage...he's just not part of the equation.
No, sir.
One of yours?
Not any more.
Dwayne Robinson, LAPD.  I'm in charge here.
I'm Special Agent Johnson of the FBI. This is Agent Johnson...no relation.
Hey, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast.  I can handle these clowns.  I want to talk to Hans.  Hans! Sprickenzie talk?
What are you going to do?
I'm tired of sitting here waiting to see who gets us killed first... them...or your husband.  Hi there.
Where are you going?
Tell that to Mr. Takagi.
His 'job' is 3000 miles away.  Without him, they might let us go...at least we have a chance...
How about his job?
John?  Christ, he could fuck this whole thing up...what does he think he's doing?
John.
The police...?
They don't look happy...something's gone wrong.
What's happening?
John, how can you say that, after all these years--?  John?  John?
That asshole's not my friend! I barely know him!  I hate his fucking guts --  -- Ellis, for Christ's sake, tell him you don't mean shit to me --
What am I, a method actor?  Hans, babe, put away the gun.  This is radio, not television...
Don't you think I know that!  Put Hans on!  Hans, listen to me, that shithead doesn't know what kind of scum you are, but I do --
John, I think you could get with the program a little.  The police are here now.  It's their problem. Tell these guys where the detonators are so no one else gets hurt.  Hey, I'm putting my life on the line for you buddy...
Tell me about it.
Ellis...you shouldn't be doing this...
I told them we're old friends and you were my guest at the party.
Ellis, what have you told them?
John, they're giving me a few minutes to try and talk some sense into you. I know you think you're doing your job, and I can appreciate that, but you're just dragging this thing out. None of us gets out of here until these people can negotiate with the LA police, and they're just not gonna start doing that until you stop messing up the works.
The guy upstairs who's fucking things up?  I can give him to you.
I must have missed 60 Minutes.  What are you saying?
Hey, business is business.  You use a gun, I use a fountain pen, what's the difference?  To put it in my terms, you're here on a hostile takeover and you grab us for some greenmail but you didn't expect a poison pill was gonna be running around the building.  Hans, baby...I'm your white knight.
You're amazing.  You figured this all out already?
Hey, I read the papers, I watch 60 minutes, I say to myself, these guys are professionals, they're motivated, they're happening. They want something.  Now, personally, I don't care about your politics. Maybe you're pissed at the Camel Jockeys, maybe it's the Hebes, Northern Ireland, that's none of my business.  I figure, You're here to negotiate, am I right?
You're very perceptive.
What does he want?
Hope I'm not interrupting...?
I read about them in Time magazine.  When these Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters are Free, the hostages in this building will be taken to the roof and they will accompany us in helicopters to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be given further instructions.  You have two hours to comply.
'Asian Dawn Movement?'
I don't want neutral...I want dead --
If you'd listened to me he would be neutralized already!
-- you wouldn't let me kill him when I had the chance --
He had the detonators!  Theo?  Theo!
He wasn't lying about Marco:  He's thirty stories down on the street. The other man is Heinrich, and I found his body upstairs.  And his bag is missing.
Karl, I know you want him, but the police are probably on their way. Maybe we can convince them it was all a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots! If you lock him in he'll be neutralized -- now do it!  Karl?  Karl!
Hans, he killed by brother --
And if he alters it...?						*
No.  Heinrich's team must finish planting the detonators...and Theo needs time on the vault.  After the			* police come they'll waste hours trying to negotiate...that's when we search			* for this man.  Until then...we do not alter the plan.
He was my only brother...my only family!  I want blood for my blood.  We search...now.
I know what you are feeling.  But this is not productive --
See to Heinrich...  Now...you can break the code key...?
Nothing...
Okay.
I don't know it!  get on a Goddamn jet to Tokyo and ask the chairman! I'm telling you!  You're just going to have to kill me --
It's useless to you!  There's seven safeguards on our vault, and the code key is only one of them!  You'll never get it open!
The code key, please...?
Who said we were terrorists?
You want...money?  What kind of terrorists are you?
Yes...I know about them.  The code key is a necessary step in accessing the vault.
This is what this is about?  Out building project in Indonesia? Contrary to what you people think, we're going to develop that region... not 'exploit' it.
It's beautiful.  I always enjoyed models as a boy.  The exactness, the attention to every foreseeable detail... perfection.
'Yippe-ki-yea, mother fucker'?  Now you are fucked.
Whoa, Hans, now you're the cowboy?
No more jokes, drop it or she gets it between the eyes!
That was Gary Cooper, shithead...
Nein, dies ein ist mein.  This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly.
Yeah.  Like you did with Takagi.
I'm going to count to three...
That was tricky, with the accent. I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan. Why do you need the detonators, Hans? I already used the explosives.
Put it down now.
Hans.  Your Hans.
Sounds better than nothing.
One weekend I went to a combat ranch...  You know, that game with the, the guns that shoot red paint?  Must sound pretty silly to you...
Bill, you know how to use a handgun?
William Clay.  Call me Bill.
Better than being caught with your pants down, right?  John McClane.
They invited me to the Xmas party. Who knew?
New York...
I'm a cop from New York.
You...you don't work for Nakatomi... and if you're not one of them...
Only if New Jersey counts.
You...you're an American?
Whoa, whoa, easy man.  I won't hurt you.  Who are you?  What are you looking for?
--ohGodplease -- don't kill me -- don't kill me -- you're one of them, I know it --
Go fuck yourself.
Hear that?  Talk to me, where are my detonators.  Where are they or shall I shoot another one?  Sooner or later...  ...I might get to someone you do care about.
Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy?
Actually, I was always partial to Roy Rogers.  I really dug those sequined shirts.
I'm afraid not.  But you have me at a loss -- you know my name, but who are you?  Just another American who saw too many movies as a child.  Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne...Rambo... Marshal Dillion.
I wouldn't think of leaving, Hans. Unless you want to open the front door...?
Mr. Mystery Guest.  Are you still there?
Just the fly in the ointment, Hans. The monkey in the wrench, the pain in the ass -
Who are you, then?
Bad for your health anyway.
The only thing left for them is the City Grid...  ...They may not do it.
Encourage them to be bolder.
When you're hot, you're hot.
...the circuits that cannot be cut... are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident...You ask for miracles, Theo...I give you the FBI...
* Well have a look at what our friends outside are doing and I'll be right up.
You better heat up that miracle				* you were talking about.  We broke through on Number Six, and the Electromagentic came down like a sledgehammer...
Then don't waste time talking to me.
Three down, four to go --
We may have some problems.  How is your schedule?
Yo!
If out plan works...the FBI will get rid of it for us.
Thirty minutes to break the code... Two hours for the five mechanicals. The seventh lock...that's out of my hands.
How long?
I told you...
Then there's no reason not to tell it to us.
I'm an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane. And now that I'm moving up to kidnapping, you should be more polite.
After all your posturing, all your speeches...you're nothing but a common thief.
Gennero.  Miss Gennero.
Mr. Takagi chose his people well, Mrs...?
Yes, you're right.  It will be done.
Good enough.  And unless you like is messy, you'd better start taking us in groups to the bathroom.
No.  But I'll have a sofa brought out to you.  Good enough?
We have a pregnant woman out there --  -- relax, she's not due for two weeks, but a marble floor isn't doing her back any good.  I'd like permission for her to more to one of the offices where there's a sofa.
Go on.
You did.  You murdered by Boss.  Now...  They're looking to me.  Personally I'd pass on the jab.  I don't enjoy being this close to you.
Oh?  What idiot put you in charge?
I...have a request.
Holly, we have to stop meeting like this.  So that's what it was.  A fucking robbery.  So why nuke the building, Hans?
John!
Don't I always?
I'll be a few minutes.  Wait here --
You want to know my idea of a marriage? It's a partnership where people help each other over the rough spots -- console each other when there's a down...and when there's an up, well, hell, a little Goddamn applause or an attaboy wouldn't be too bad.  I needed that, John.  I deserved that.
Oh, here it comes.  One of those 'meaningful relationship conversations.' I never should've let you get those magazine subscriptions --
My job and my title and my salary did nothing to our marriage except change your idea of what it should be.
No matter what it did to our marriage -- ?
Didn't we have this same conversation in July?  Damn it, John, there was an opportunity out here -- I had to take it --
Sure.  It's unnerving.  I remember this one particular married woman, she went out the door so fast there was practically a jetwash...I mean, talk about your wind chill factor...
This is a Japanese company, you know? They figure a married woman, she's on the way out the door...
Especially my name.  You must miss it every time you write a check.  When did you start calling yourself 'Ms. Gennero'?
...I've missed you.						*
I would too. * They lock eyes for a moment, but it's an intense moment that says a lot about how they still feel about each other.
They would, huh?
Pomona!  You'll be in the car the whole time...Look, let's make this easy.  I have a spare bedroom.  It's not huge, but the kids would love to have you at the house.
Ramona...no, Pomona, that's it.
Oh...Where does he live?
Well, Cappy Roberts retired out here a couple years ago.  He said I could bunk with him.
That's okay...  ... I have an eye on his private bathroom.
It's a long story.  You know, I think that Ellis has his eye on you.
What are you doing?
Sure.  Follow me.
Nice, but one of us is three hours out of sync.  I think it's me.  Is there a place I can wash up?
Yeah.  I remember our first date.
You wife's made for this business. She know how to drive a hard bargain.
Hey, we're flexible.  Pearl Harbor didn't work out, we got you with tape decks.
I'm fine.  You throw quite a party.  I didn't know they had Christmas in Japan.
Can I get you anything?  Food?  Cake? Watered down champagne punch?
Relax, Ellis.  I'm off duty.
So I've heard.
I've spent half my life on airplanes,			* I can recognize someone who just got off one.  I'm Joe Takagi, Mr. McClane.  I have ...something to do with this company.
Yeah.  How'd you know?
Holly Gennero?
Excuse me, I'm looking for --
I'm serious.  Hey, this is my wife... Holly Gennero.
Bullshit.
Al.  Man, you were my rock.  I couldn't have made it without you.
Stand by, Powell.  I gotta check something out.
Roy?
I hope so.  But that's up to the guy upstairs.  Upstairs...  ...Hans, you bastard...what were you doing?
I got it.  But you can tell her yourself.  Just watch your ass and you'll make it.
Look...I'm getting a bad feeling up here...I'd like you to do something for me.  Look up my wife...don't ask how, you'll know by then...and tell her...tell her...I've been a jerk. When things panned out for her, I should've been behind her all the way ...We had something great going until I screwed it up...She was the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me.  She's heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never got to hear this...honey...I'm sorry.  You get all that?
Ask the FBI.  They've got the terrorist playbook and they're running it, step by step.
Powell?  What's going on?
Then this won't matter.  LAPD's not calling the shots anymore.
I still feel like shit.
Hey, you couldn't know.
I...I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to make a joke of it.
Eleven years ago.  Oh, it was dark... he was big for his age...damn ray gun he had looked real enough...yeah, I had all the right excuses...but afterwards... I really couldn't draw my gun again.
I...I shot a kid.
They way you drive, I can see why.
You don't want to know.
Yeah?  What's the odds?
They boys'll be glad.  We got a pool going on you.
Yeah.  But all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.  By the way, chalk up two more terrorists.
Roy?  You still with us?
In my youth, partner.  In my youth.
The way you drove that car, I figured you for the streets.
Don't tell me, partner.  I'm just a desk jockey who was on the way home when you rang.
Speaking of cows, did you ever hear so much bullshit in your life? Two hours?  That doesn't even make any sense --
I'm here, cowboy.
Al?  Al, you there?
It's a date.  You buy the ice cream.
Two.  And I'd sure like to see them swinging on the jungle gym with Al junior.
Not yet, the wife in working on our first.  You got any kids back on the ranch?
You sound like a man with a couple of kids.
'Sugar, enriched flour, partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, polysorbate 60 and yellow dye #5.'
Yeah, just trying to handle some year old twinkies.  Yucck.  What do they put in these things?
Thanks...partner.
Hey, I love you.  So do a lot of the guys.  So hang in there, man.  Hang in there.
Two?  Are you sure?
No, but it's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen doors.  One spotters say you got two with that blast.
The plastique I found.  Is the building on fire?
Safe and sound, thanks to you. What the fuck was that?
I said we'll talk later, Roy.  If you're what I think you are you should know when to listen, when to shut up... and when to pray.
Al, what's wrong?  Did something --  -- Oh, God.  You're coming in!  That's it, isn't it?  Christ, Powell, I told you what you're dealing with here --
I'm here, Roy, but I'm, uh, kind of busy.  Let's talk later, okay?
They're all yours, Al.  Good luck.
Got it...'Roy'.  Now listen.  If you think of anything else you think we need to know, don't be shy, okay? In the meantime I want you to find a safe place and hole-up and let us do our job.  Understand?
'Roy'.
Uh, what do I call you?
I'm ahead of you...partner.
I hear you...  Partner.  And LA's finest are on it, so light 'em if you got 'em.
I've seen enough phoney ID's in my time to recognize that the ones they've got cost a fortune.  Add all that up and I don't know what the fuck it means, but these are bad ass preps and they're here to stay.
How do you know?
This is Deputy Chief Robinson.  Who is this?
This is --
Anytime you want to go home, Sergeant...consider yourself dismissed.
He's alone, tired, hunted, and hasn't seen diddly-squat from us and you think he gives a flying fuck about what you're going to do to him? Robinson, wake up and smell the shit you're shoveling!
Maybe.  And maybe they'd at least be talking to us!  Now tell your 'partner' to stay out of it, or so help me if he lives through this I'll put him behind bars myself!
Christ, can't you read between the lines!  He did everything he could to save him...if he gave himself up they'd both be dead!
Goddamn, didn't you hear him!  He practically pulled the Goddamned trigger himself -- he gave that man to them --
Give me that.  Now, listen to me, mister, I don't know what you think you're doing, but demolishing a building doesn't fall under the definition of 'help'! There's hundreds of people out here and you covered half of them in pieces of glass --
Yessir.
Is that him?
Who the hell knows?  Maybe he was a stockbroker who looked at the Dow Jones and opted for early retirement!
What about the body that fell out of the window -- ?
-- all we know?  We don't know shit, Powell.  If there's hostages why hasn't anyone asked for ransom?  If there's terrorists, where's their goddamn list of demands?  All we know is that someone shot up your car, and it could be the same flake you've been talking to on the radio!
Going in...are you out of your mind? There's 30 hostages in there -- for all we know --
What's it look like?  We're going in.
What's going on?
-- recognizing phony ID's?  Christ, Powell, he could be a fucking bartender for all we know!
A hunch.  Things he said.  Like, knowing how to recognize a phony ID --
How do you know?
I don't think so, Sir.  In fact... I think he's a cop.  Maybe not LAPD, but definitely a badge.
He claims?  Powell, has it occured to you he could be one of the terrorists, pulling your chain? Or some kind of nut case who --
We don't exactly know, Sir.  He won't give us him name.  He appears to be the man who called in the report...he's killed one of the terrorists for sure and claims he capped two others.
Then who the hell have you been talking too?
The terrorists?  Don't know, Sir. We haven't heard a peep from them.
Dwayne Robinson.  Well, what have you learned?  What do they want?
I am, Sir...Sergeant Al Powell.
Fuck you, sir - if I'm right, I don't need you.  What I want is - if I make an honest mistake I want help.
If you're right I'm gonna back you a hundred percent, you know that.
Listen.
Don't let 'em off the ground.
What if we gotta kill a whole lot of people?
They jet's comin' out.  But don't let 'em off the ground.
So whatsa deal?
Gene, Jesus, what a bull he is!
I never make bets or guesses, that way I'm never wrong and I never have to pay out.
Whattaya think: we gonna kill any civilians tonight, Gene?
No.  I never smile any more.
Gene -- you smilin'?
You men shoot, aim for the white meat!
You'll be okay.
Come on, nobody's gonna get hurt. If they were gonna shoot, they'd shoot now.
Aw, hey...
Okay.
God damn it, Sheila isn't gonna believe it.  They just call in and say gas up a stretchout and get it down to  and I say, 'shit, another load of Elks for the massage parlors.'
Yes, I would.
I was lookin' at it.  I saw you, man!  Jesus!  You oughta see yourself!  You wouldn't believe it.
Come on, what's under this?
Jesus, you're the man!
Yeah.
These seats come out?
Listen, it's late already when I realize it's not just a couple of ordinary faggots, it's just you and Sal.  I couldn't get a baby sitter.
They're not after you, they're after me.
Jesus - what - I'm afraid - I'm gonna get shot or whatever.  You oughta see it on TV, the guns, the cops, they got cannon, machine guns, they're loaded with gear.
Heidi - why didn't you come down here?
I know you can't stand me to say I'm fat.  Like I can't stand you being a bank robber.  I guess that's what love is -- huh, Sonny?
Don't call yourself fat.
...because you hurt me, God how you hurt me.  Can you imagine, marrying another man?  Did I do something to make you do that?  Did I ever turn you down, or anything?  The only thing I couldn't do, you're gonna laugh, is go on top - I got this fear of high places!  And I let myself get fat.
See?  You're screaming with the language and all!  A person can't communicate with you.  You become a stranger in your own home...
Heidi, for Christ sake, shut up! Will you shut your fucking mouth and listen?!
I blame myself, Sonny.  I notice you been tense, like something is happening; the night before last you're yellin' at the kids like a madman, believe me.  And then you wanted me to go on this ride with the kids, this caterpillar about from here to there - fulla one- year-old kids.  It's ridiculous. I'm not about to go on this ride, so you yell right there, 'You pig, get on the fuckin' ride!' Well, everything fell outta - me - my heart, my liver fell to the floor - you name it!  Yellin' at me in front of all those people.  Because you never talked and I never been scared of you, never.  I think: he's gonna shoot me and dump my body in the river.
Heidi, I'm dying.
They don't know, I sent them to the neighbors.  Sonny, Jesus, it's not like you.  I can't believe, because you never hurt anybody since the day I knew you.
What about the kids?
Hey, Sonny!  I'm watchin' it on TV!
It's okay... it's okay...
Sonny, there's somebody under that desk over there... I'm sorry...
Take the subway.  We need the car.  Hey, gimme the keys - the keys!
Well, how'll I get home?
Hey, don't take the car!
It's too late - just get away from me - don't talk to me now - go over to your place...
Maybe we can take something smaller... like a Spanish grocery.
Jackie - what are you talking about?
Sonny, I'm gettin' real bad vibes.
I love you.
I'll kiss the baby for you.
Oh, yeah, I will...
Well, stay away from them.  Don't get close.
Yeah.  A lot of guns.
The robbers in the bank.  They got guns?
What guns?
Honey, send out for Kentucky fried chicken.  The baby, just open a bottle of prunes, and one of the beef.  The bottles are in the fridge.
It looks like a whole roast.
He says he doesn't know.  Why don't you cook whatever's there?
Jenny?
Sonny?  Don't send me away!  I can help you save your soul ...
Yeah, well...maybe you better talk to one of these others, okay?
That's why I can talk to you, as an equal, Sonny.  You got to merge your whole soul with God.  And then you are Him and one with the Holy Ghost.
No.  Look, we're kind of....
You know, Sonny, I used to dope a lot, and I was into dipping?  And I did a couple bank jobs, and the Lord Jesus in his everlasting mercy saved me, you know how?
Yeah, well I don't blame him.
Jesus Christ is coming back and he's really pissed.
You said a mouthful... sweetheart!
Yeah... I'll write a song.  Ha, ha. I don't know.  Life is funny!
Yeah... see ya in my dreams, huh?
Right.  See you sometime.
Thank you much... and huh, bon voyage.
I don't know what to say to ya!  I guess I just wanted to say I'll see ya... or whatever.
It's my only chance!
Well, then...
Yeah... yeah.
Do you still want the operation?
Well... I don't know if I have or not.
That's good then.  You've found something.
Yeah... huh, thank you.  I'm going to go back, Sonny, to the hospital. They're really nice people.  They're really trying to help me.
All right!  He didn't do it.  All right?  Now... would you get the fuck off the phone?  I'll bet that really changed them, huh?  Anyway, Leon... did I do it for you?
Yeah... yeah!
Are they on the phone still?
They won't talk to you.
All right, enough!  Who the fuck is on the phone... anyway?  Is that you Moretti?  You on the phone?  Will somebody talk to me?
Yeah... I knew it.  But, what choice do I have?  I'm in the hospital; they drag me out of the hospital... bring me down here...
Who's on the phone, now?  What do you mean... throw it on you?  You knew it, right?
Look... don't throw that on me.
Look... who's on the phone?
No!  They're standing all around me. Seven thousand fucken cops... all around me.
You don't have a choice?
I don't have a choice.
That's great.  Just terrific.  You talk to me with them on the phone, right?  That is really smart.  And, you don't tell me?
Yeah.
Where are they now?  Just tell me... are they on the phone now?
Sonny, would you please just tell them... please...
All right.  Then what do you want me to say?
I can't survive in prison, Sonny...
Shit...
I gotta listen to it if they think...
Oh... they're fucken crazy.  That's a snow job.  Don't listen to that shit!
Well... they told me that I was an accomplice...
How did they think that?  What are they... crazy?  What do you mean. That's bullshit, Leon.  They're giving you a fucken story.
These guys that got me down here, you know, huh... they think that I'm part of this whole thing.  They think I'm part of the plot to rob the bank!
What?
Would you do something for me? Please?
He ain't going out.  And if I go out he's just gonna kill the people. There's a lot of lives that I'm responsible for... that's all.  So, I can't do anything.  I got myself into this mess and I'll get myself out of it... the best way I know how!  One of the ways is not giving up.  I'm telling ya!
Sal... Sal... Naturale, oh boy!
I know I am.  I know!
Oh... wow!  Sonny, you're really into one mess now.
Sal?  Yeah... Sal is with me.
So!  Sal is with you?
Sal wanted to go to Wyoming.  I told him it wasn't a country.  We gotta get outta the country!  To hell with a guy who doesn't know where Wyoming is.  Okay.  Can you imagine what kind of a shape I'm in?
I like that... yeah!
Denmark?  Sweden?
I don't know... you could have picked a better place.
What am I supposed to do?
God, Algeria!  Do you know there's a bunch of... they walk around there... God!  People walk around with masks and things on their heads.  They're a bunch of crazy people there.
I know that.  I'm warped... I'm warped!
Howard Johnson's... you're warped. You know that?  You're really warped!
Huh ... I don't know.  They got Howard Johnson's there.  I don't know why the fuck I'm going there for.
Why you going to Algeria?
Who the fuck knows?  I think we're gonna go ... we worked it out to Algeria.  So, I don't know.  So I'll go to Algeria.
Where you gonna go?
I know!
You're really crazy.
That's it.
You're crazy.
I gotta jet coming here and we're gonna try to get the fuck outta this thing.  And we're gonna go, man!
I'm free to do what I want?  And you think I would want to go with you some place on a plane?  Where? Where ya going?
I'm getting out of here, man.  I'm not going to stay here and I'm not giving up.  I mean, huh, they're going to kill me, anyway.  So fuck it!  But, if I can get out of this... I am going to get out. And, how I'm going to do it is to get a jet out of here and I'm flying the fuck out... That's all, Leon.  If you want to come with me, then you're entitled... you can come.  You're free to do what you want.
What trip?
I did it on my own.  I did this all on my own.  I ain't laying it on anybody.  Nothing on anybody.  I'll tell you something, though, it's about time that I squared away my accounts... you know.  I am squaring away my accounts with life.  Maye this whole thing is gonna end, somehow.  Maybe it'll just end! Maybe I'll just close my eyes and the whole fucken thing will be over. That would be all right too!  I said... I thought I would square it away with you... you know?  That I would get you down here and that I would say so long to you... or, if you wanted... you know, to take a trip...
Well...
All right.  I know you didn't ask me.  You didn't ask me but I did it.
But I didn't ask you to go rob a bank.
I told you.  That I got a lot of pressures.  You said to me that you needed money, and I knew that you needed money!  I saw you there lying in the hospital like that... and I said... shit, man, I got to get this guy some money.
I'm sorry...
I'm not on the phone to talk to you about that.  Well, I don't know what to say, Leon.  When you gimme that... when you hit me with that shit.  I mean, what am I supposed to say?
Yeah... obviously you don't... when you put a gun to somebody's head... and you say go to sleep so that it won't hurt when I pull the trigger. Death?  Don't talk about death to me.  I have been living with death for the last six months.  Why do you think I'm in the hospital?  I take a handful of pills to get away from you.  And then here I am out of the hospital talking to you on the phone... again.  I have no friends left.  No job.  I can't live.  I have to live with people. This death business... I'm sorry!
I don't know what I'm doing.
No really... I don't think that you realize what it means.  The things that you do, Sonny.  You put a gun to somebody's head...
Now don't give me that deep shit now.  Don't start with that shit.
What do you mean... what am I talking about?  Do you realize that you say that to me every day of your life?  I am dying.  Do you know... do you realize the death that you are spreading around to the people who are around you?
What are you talking about?
What?  What are you talking about? You are dying?  Did you ever listen to yourself when you say that?
I don't know what I'm gonna do... you know.  Boy... I'm dying.
Yeah... I know.
Fine, thank you.  I'm in trouble. That is... now I am!
Yeah.  So how are you?
So... that sure is something.
You can't talk or do anything.  You really feel... you know... I'm just sort of coming out of it now.
Yeah...
You come in and they say, right away, that you are crazy.  And they start putting things in your arm... you know.  How do they expect you to get uncrazy if you're asleep all the time?
That... huh... they just shoot you with drugs.
Yeah.  It was terrible.
Well, you know ... Moretti told me before that you were drugged up.
I'm really shakey.
Oh... huh ... how you feeling?
Ooohh....
Well.... huh ...
I never thought I'd get out this way.  I'll tell you.
Yeah.  You said... I thought you were never getting out?
Well... I'm out of the hospital.
How are you doing?
Hello, Sonny.
Hello.  Hello, Leon.
You think it over, Leon.
I don't know what to say to him.  I can't.
How is he gonna hurt you on the telephone?
I'm afraid.
You're in it up to your ass, Leon. You're an accessory.  You talk him out of there and they might be a little more understanding of your case.
I can't talk to him.
Well, don't you figure you owe to him to get him out of there?
It made him crazy - so much demand, he'd fly into this rages.  And I got more depressed than ever; I saw I'd never get the operation.  So I tried to take my life - I swallowed about a half pound of pills ... blues, reds, yellows, downers, uppers, screamers ... you name it. But I just threw them up and wound up in the hospital.  Sonny comes there and looks at me and just says: 'Wow!'  So when I hear he's in the bank, I almost go crazy because I know he's doin' it for me.
He needed money?  For the operation for you?
Ten days I spent in Atlantic City - Sonny was frantic - he knew I was drinking; he didn't know where I was ... who I was with.  I couldn't explain why I did the things I did. So I went to this psychiatrist who explained to me I was a woman in a man's body.  So Sonny right away wanted to get me money for a sex change operation: but where was he to get that?  2500 dollars!  My God, he's in hock up to his ears already.
What kind of things, Leon?
He's scared.  It's crazy.  I never met anyone like him.  His wife, he's a wonderful father to his children.  His mother - you should see her - his mother and father together are like a bad car wreck - he lets it all slide off his back, he sees them, he pays their rent. Unbelievable.  I wanted to get married ... He didn't really want it ... he's married already!  But he did it.  I don't know why.  I thought it would help me, but it didn't.  I was just as confused and unhappy was before; I did terrible things.
He's makin' threats in there.
He was under great strain: you don't understand, he's a very mixed up person.
Somebody's got to stop him, Leon.
What good is that?  They couldn't stop him.  And it'd just make him mad.  They don't know him.
You try calling the police?
He won't listen to anybody.  He's been very crazy all summer.  Since June he's been trying to kill me.
If he won't listen to you, who will he listen to?
I can't help it.  I can't stop him from anything.
He's got eight people in there with him.  He's got this kid with him ... they're gonna shoot the people.
Oh no!
Well, you got to get hold of yourself.  You got to talk to him, tell him to give himself up.
Oh, God, they shot me with like unreal!
Leon?  Whatsa matter?  They give you a shot down the hospital or what?
He's groggy, Sonny.  Let me get him on his feet and he'll call you back. 
I want to talk to him.
He's all doped up.
Is he all right?  Is he all right?
We're bringing in your wife...
Yeah?
Okay ...
Aspirins ... okay you got it.  Charlie!  Six pizzas!
Cokes, seven-ups ...  also some aspirin ...
What else?
All right ... I got some hungry people in there ... I want to get some pizza ... some stuff like that ...
There won't be ... there won't be ... What else do you need?  How else can we help you?
Just one more explosion like that and you're gonna see a dead body ...
I'm not ... I'm not ... you're gettin' a bus ... you're gettin' a bus ... the jet's comin' into Kennedy ... and your wife's on the way ... what else do you need? What else can I get you?  Listen, I don't know how you can do better ... see that man over there ... the FBI guy ...
Don't fuck with me ...
Can't land ... you'd kill people ...
You know, you're telling me that a helicopter can't land here ...
It can't happen again ... I'll do everything I can to stop anything I can ...
Well, what were you doin' back there?
Sonny, your wife's on the way ... We reached her ... your wife's on the way ... everything you asked for, you got.
You're full of shit ...
Is on its way ... The helicopter can't land but we got a bus ... the jet's on its way to Kennedy ... we got a bus coming here ...
Yeah ...
Wait a minute ... everything you asked for is on the way ...
Bullshit ... I don't walk to talk to you ...
I swear to God I had nothing to do with it ...
So, what were they doin'?  You're tellin' me you had nothin' to do with that back there?
No, I'm not tryin' to fuck you.
You tryin' to fuck me?
They were ...
What the fuck do you want?
Sonny, come on out!
What the hell you doin' back there?
I'll see what they'll do.
Nothin' doin'.  I give you one hostage when you bring my wife, and one for the helicopter, one for the jet, and the rest can come home on the jet.
The girl hostages.
What do you want?
Okay, what do you give me?
I want to see my wife.  I want you to bring her down here.
Sonny, be reasonable!
I don't know, Sonny.  I don't know if the helicopters can land in here. I'll have to check it out.  I got superiors, unnerstan?  They don't always see eye to eye with me. I'll do what I can.
I want a helicopter to get outa here!  And a jet to take us to...  ... wherever we want to go.  Outa the country, so no little jets.  A big one with a bar and a piano lounge.
It's okay, you got a lot of protection.
He wanted to kill me!
Calm down... look at this, look at him...!
Calm down, you're not ...
When I'm bein' fucked, I like to be kissed a lot.  Who the fuck are you tryin' to con me into some deal?  You're a city cop, where's the FBI?  This is a federal offense, I got kidnapping, armed robbery, they're gonna bury me!  You know it, you can't talk for them, you're some flunky pig tryin' to bullshit me.  Now God damn it, get somebody in charge here to talk to me!
What?
Well, armed, then.  Nobody's been hurt.  Release the hostages, nobody is gonna worry over kidnapping charges, the worst you're gonna get is five years -- you can be out in a year.
... armed robbery ...
Let Sal come out, take a look. What hope you got?  Quit while you're ahead.  All you got is attempted robbery.
I don't forget about Sal and the boom boom room.  I want you to see this.
You want me to give up, huh?  Look, Sal's in back with the girls. Anything happens to me - one move - and Sal gives it to them.  Boom boom.  How do I know you won't jump me?
Come on.  I want you to see something.
You got these cops outta here. They're comin' in too close.
So -- you want me to send one out there ... Okay.  I'll see what I can do.
You're all one way!  I'm bein' reasonable with you; give me somethin' ... Give me one of them, anyway ... Just one ...
Oh, no ... Women is all we got.
Okay, give us the women.
They're what's keeping me alive. You think you're dealing with an idiot?  Talk to me then.
How about letting the people out of the bank.  Why put them in this position?
Sure ... like ... I'm not gonna shoot you.
I'd like just some sign I can trust you too, Sonny.  I don't want to trust my body out where you could just shoot me.  Some sight ... right?
Right -- I'm with you, buddy.
You frisk me.
I frisk you?
Okay, Sonny, I want to see if the people in the bank are okay, then what I want to do is work out a way to get them out of there.  I want to come over there, without a gun ... and you can frisk me.  So you can see you can trust me.  So we can talk and find a way outta this mess.
Call me whatever you want.
Listen, Sonny ... can I call you Sonny for short?
One word.  You won't find it in the phone book.
Sonny-boy, one word?
Call me Sonny-boy.
Give me a name, any name, just so I got somethin' to call you.
What do you want to know that for?
Right -- got ya.  Okay, so there's you -- what's your name?
Sal.  He's the killer.  We're Vietnam veterans so killing don't mean anything to us, you understand?
Sal?  What's that for?  Salvatore?
I got Sal.
How many you got in there?
I'm not alone.
You alone, or you got confederates?
They're okay.
Awright, but I wanna talk to you. First off, we wanna know if the people in the bank are okay.
I told you -- keep away.  I don't know what we do now.
Okay, you're in there and we're out here.  What do we do now?
... But you keep away from the bank or we start throwing bodies out the front door one at a time... You got it?  Okay?
Listen, first off, is anybody hurt in there?
What a fuckin' comedy!  WNEW plays all the hits.
This is Detective Sergeant Moretti, asshole, we got you completely by the balls.  You don't believe me, I'm lookin' you right in the eye. Right now, I can see you...
Who's this?
What are you doin' in there?
Yeah.
Eugene, at 3:07, this became Federal.  Why don't I take it over now?
He hasn't so far.  I'm the one who can make a mistake.  That's what scares the shit out of me.
He's totally unstable.  He'll make a mistake.
What makes you think you'll be able to control it?
We're all set at Kennedy.
Why didn't you just wait and try to take 'em out there in the street?
Here comes the FBI.  You men lookin' for protection?  We got all the police right here.
Listen, I owe a couple hundred dollars!  I don't wanta leave owing anybody anything!  A clean slate, a new leaf...
What now, Sonny?
You got Bank Americard?
I want to dictate my will.  I need a notary?
No.  I had some legal training, but...
Are you a lawyer?
Yeah?
Mister Mulvaney?
I don't think so.
Why not?
Yeah.
Would I hire you?
You know - I had a job once.  I used to work in a bank.  I had been training ... I used to have a boss ... Mr. Don Frio ... he wore a toupee ... I wonder if you'd hire me if I came in here and asked you for a job ...
We like you, too.
You know ... I like you people ... I really do.
I'm sorry.
You know, I don't know him very well - but he's not gay ... and he's not going back to prison ... One time when he was in prison, they gang-banged him; 13 years old and eight guys gave it to him ... So Sal isn't goin' back to prison, no way.
You seem like a likable enough guy. It's hard to judge.
No you don't.
Sure - we like you.
You like me?
Special to me, too.
They're like any others but they're special to me.  You got kids?  You told me; you got two.
They look like good kids.
I'll never see them again, Mister Mulvaney.
Oh, Jesus!  You want to be a martyr or a hero or what?
I'll be God damned if you will.
You tell me.  Is he endangering his health, because if you tell me he is, I'll get him out.
I stay here.  Damn it.  I just needed the insulin.  I'm used to it. Go on.  Go on.
Hey!  I'm tryin' to help you.
I'm not going.  I'm okay.
You know more than the Doctor? You're not okay, look at you.  Come on ...  ... let's get him out ...
I'm okay ... I'm okay ...
What are you talking about?  What do you think I'm doin'?  I'm gettin' the ball rollin'.  I'm keeping these people happy ... I'm keeping you happy ... I gotta keep the cops cooled out ... I gotta do everything ... I gotta pay for the pizza ... I'm workin' on it, do you know what I mean?  I'm workin' on it ... Jesus Christ!  I gotta do it all ... I got all the ideas ... you want me to give you the gun?  You want to take it over?
Are we going to get the ball rolling?
I don't know.
Do you think we can turn it on?

I don't know, Sonny ... on the roof somewhere I guess.
Where's the air conditioning?
Wait a minute ... I've been looking at this all wrong ... Let's look at it the other way ...
What now, Sonny?
You see what we're dealing with? They want me to kill all of you!
I guess he didn't appreciate your use of language.  They don't speak that way on television.  It's a rule.  Do you realize you've cut off a valuable source of communication?
Why the hell did he do that?  What the hell did I do?
The TV ... they want to talk to you ...
What?
I don't fool around with you.
You're just a nice guy, Mr. Mulvaney. Only don't fuck around with me, you know what I mean?
They'll shoot you; the fucking cops'll shoot you ... they don't give a damn.  In spite of that bank insurance.  You see what they did in Attica, they shot everybody, the hostages, prisoners, cops, guards, forty-two people they killed, the innocent with the guilty.
If you take anybody, please take me.
What if I take you with me?
I don't care who you are ...  I just want to get you outta here, safe, right?
Don't ask me questions.  I got connections.  You find out who I am, you're cold meat.
Ah, I know!  You're being very cooperative.  I got no complaint against you whatever; you got bank insurance?
I got two kids ... and I'd like to see them again.
You got kids?
They make $105 a week to start. They fold the flag, check the place out in the morning.  I don't know what they learn, Sonny.
To what ... learn how to shoot? They don't get a gun.
Well, they go to guard school.
Let's go to the back door.  How'd that guy get to be a guard?
You and me are checking the other ways in and out.
Mulvaney...
Now, you -- what's your name?
It's locked on the inside.  It's through that passageway and to the right.
Where's the back door?
I took too long.
I swear to God... on my salary, I'm not gonna be any hero...
Sal, get 'em in the vault.
Hello, Mulvaney here...
You're goin' outside with me.  If there's no cops around, we just split.  Otherwise, you go with us.
For God's sake, will you please go now?  We gave you every nickel we got.
Give me the keys...
The gun's right on your back...
Gimme the keys to get outta here!
Howard, give him the keys...
Gimme the traveler's checks and the register.
Hello... I'm sorry I can't talk to you right now... I suggest you call during banking hours tomorrow. What is your name?
My side, shit!
Believe me, I'm on your side.
Hey, you, manager... Don't get any ideas, fucker... See that man there? I bark and he bites!
Okay, don't worry about it.  Stick it in the bag...
It's all we got.
This is it?  What am I gonna do with this?  Holy shit!
Come on, lemme load you up...
What's the matter with you?
Well, you get your mind right.  I'm a Catholic and I don't wanna hurt nobody, but goddamn it, don't you play no games with me.  Unnastand?!?
I must of been outta my mind.
I can take care of that.
Okay, is the vault open?
Do what the gentleman says, Howard.
Hey... let him out!
If he moves - blow his guts out... Cover him!
Okay, okay... we know it's a stickup!
It's okay. [Regards to the family, Sam.]
I'm glad it's okay.
Thanks again, Sam.
Okay.
Yeah, thanks for keeping an eye out.
Yeah.  Well, you're okay?
Little smoke: like a Polish four- alarm fire, is all.
You all right?
Yeah, just a cigarette got in a wastebasket.
Everything's all right?  You okay?
What is it, Sam?
Hey.  It's raining.
You were terrific, too!
Ah, Sonny!  Good luck, you know?
Girls, I wanta apologize.  For my language back there.
I wish somebody would tell me I'm gonna live long enough for it to be a habit.  My parent, she'll be okay. My husband, he'll be okay.  I even know who the bum is gonna marry. Terrific.  She'll take good care of him.
I told you, he's got diabetes.
I didn't eat any pizza.
What about Howard?
Hey, girls -- I was on television...
Howard!
It's up to you ladies.
No, that's all.
Do you remember anything else about Sal?
Yeah.
Did you always call him Junior.
No, not until after they killed him.
Did you know he was a homosexual?
Oh, a long time.  Because I kept asking my husband where the heck could Junior be?  He wasn't around here.  I thought maybe he was in prison or some place.
When was the last time you saw Sal?
It was on the TV.
How did you know your son was involved?
Yes...
You gonna smoke the cigarette?
You know, you remind me of my 19- year-old brother - only he's got his hair down to his knees - he looks like something that eats berries and roots out of the ground. God forbid I should say something to him like, 'Listen, if you ever smoke marijuana, just remember that it's illegal' and he storms outta the house.  You rob a bank, but you keep your body pure, is that it?
You're really pure, you know?  You got a perfect record.  You never used that stuff to ruin your body, why start now?
You're serious!
Your body is the temple of the Lord.
My body?  What for?
Go ahead.  Do what you want to do. I hate to see you break a perfect record.  You oughta take care of your body.
For God's sake!  As soon as I'm outta this bank robbery, I'm gonna stop ... okay?
You shouldn't start now.
Pure?
No!  I'm not kidding.  Don't you understand?  You're pure!
You don't want cancer?  You're about to get your head blown off, you're worried about cancer.  Gimme the cigarette.
Because I don't want cancer.
You stopped?  Why?
I used to, but I stopped.
Because I'm scared, that's why. You never smoked?
You don't smoke ... why do you want to start now.
Let's move it, goddamn it.
Hey, Sonny - You did it!
Oh, Jesus!  Hey.  How about food? I forgot to ask to have food on board.
I'm here.
There it is, Sal.  Sal?
All right. 
Okay, Sonny.
Just give me a receipt.  Hey, Sal, you okay?
Okay.
Hey, Sal ... How you doin'?
He was showin' me how the airport bus is comin' in, like that, Sal.  What's wrong with him?
Why couldn't he talk about that here?
He was talkin' about arrangements ... we were talkin' about the TV.
What'd he say?
They gotta stop sayin' that.
Sal?
Have him walk in backwards.
It's the FBI.  He wants to come in.
That's all they're interested in - it's a freak show to them.  I can't control it, Sal - let'em say what they want.  Forget it.  It don't matter.
They keep sayin' two homosexuals. I'm not a homosexual.  I want you to stop them saying that.
What?
Look, I talked to him and it's not going to be a helicopter - they can't land on top of the roof - so they're comin' with a big ... limousine bus and they'll take us to the airport - and they're gonna get a jet ... so things are rollin' ... they're movin' ... I also ordered some food ... I got some pizzas for us, all right?  I got some things to drink - I got sodas ... I even asked them for aspirins ... I'm doin' what I can ... now I gotta pay for the pizza ... where are the marked bills?
Get over there!
Okay ... okay ... all right, Sal, it's okay.  I got everything straightened out ... it's gonna be okay.
Everybody!  Back here!
They're trying to come through the door!
It's nothing - it just goes up - it's the safest thing in the world. Safer than a car.  Don't worry about it, Sal - it'll be all right ... they're great ...
I never been up in a plane before.
Yeah ...
Sonny -
Wyoming ... That's not out of the country -- that's in the United States ... Look, I'll be back.
Wyoming.
You realize, Sal, that we're gonna get outta the country, so if you wanna talk to somebody, do it now ... You gotta Mother or a Father? Friends?  If we gotta be outside the country, where do you wanna go?  Any country. Just name a country.
We're not there yet.
Does that still go?
We'd kill ourselves.
... because if you're talking about coppin' a plea, I'm tellin' you right now, there's no deal ... I'm never going back to prison ... We got our own deal already ... Do you remember the pact we made?  You and me and Jackie - that night in the bar ... we were talkin' about if we get trapped in the bank, what are you gonna do ... Right?  What did we say?  What did we say!

What do you mean?  You talkin' about coppin a plea?
Maybe we can get outta this thing alive ... get 'em to drop the kidnapping charges ...
What kind of a deal?
I figure maybe we can get the FBI to make a deal ...

Okay, Sal ... what do we do?
All right ... let's go.
All right ... send them the guard.
To show that we're negotiating.
Alive.
Dead or alive?
He wants one.
I'll tell you right now - that I'm ready to do it.
We won't have to.
But I want to know what you think.
I want him to think that.
But do you mean in? ... But you just told him that if worse comes to worse...
Well, I stalled him for a while. When it comes the time, then we'll work it out.  Okay?
Are you serious?  About throwin' a body outta here if we have to?
Sal, I'm sorry about this.  But we can get outta this thing.  There's a way outta this.
But do you mean it?
I want him to think that.
... The bodies out the door.
What?
You mean that?
How'd that happen?
It's the cops.  Shit!
Ah shit.  Okay... go ahead.  Anybody else have to go?
Goddamn women...
Get 'em in the vault!
Where's the money?
Yeah - it's all right... let's go.
He's gone?
What are you crying for?  Jesus Christ.  It's not your fault there's no money...
Let's go, Sonny.
Ah, Jesus...
Fuck him - let him out!
Hey, for christ's sake... now... fuckin' asshole...  He can't make it.
We'll have hamburgers on the plane. You ready?
I ain't eaten all day.  I just realized it.
Okay.  Which one goes?
That's the jet.  You give us one more, now.  That's the deal...
You follow my car. 
Okay - you got your one.
You can't allow!  I'm running this thing, what gives you the idea you can say shit?  Come on.  I'll pay you.  Whatta you want?  Two hundred?  A thousand?
I can't allow that, Sonny...
Gimme the black guy...
What can he do, he's clean...
I don't want him.
It's my mother.  Who needs this shit?
Sonny!  Could you come out, please? Could you come out, please?
The manager, he's diabetic, he's lookin' bad.
What's wrong?
What I said.  You just sit quiet and we'll handle Sal.
Wait a minute!  What the fuck you tryin' to tell me?
I just want to see all you young ladies are all all right in here.
Nobody give their right name ... it's the FBI!
Nothin' personal, huh?  The man that kills me, I want him to do it because he hates my guts.  Not because it's a job.  Okay, let's go ... but you gotta walk in backwards.
I wouldn't like to, but I will, if I have to.
Jesus, you'd like to kill me, too.
I have to see.
You got guts.  You think if Sal and me have cut their throats we're gonna let you out?
I want to come in, and see if everybody's okay.
I want to talk to Leon.
I want them all.
At the airport.  We get on the plane, check it out, and if it's all okay we'll send them out. Except one.
Okay, when do I get them?
Well, Jesus, these hostages are keeping me alive.
I'd like to work with you on this, not against you.
Bullshit!
I've got a jet.  I'll have airport limousine here in a half hour.  I want the hostages.
Aw, Jesus ... you been doin' us favors all night!
No more favors.  That's all over, Sonny.
First off, get the lights back on and the air conditioning.
Goodbye, honey.  Wish us luck!
Fuck!  We did it!
Yeah - it looks real official.
Here's your document, Sonny.
Sonny - Here's your document.
Hey, let's get ready!
They're beautiful ...
My kids ... Kimmy and Jimmy.
Those bastards -- they poisoned the pizza!  Sal - you didn't eat any pizza!?
He's got diabetes.  He's not a well person.
Hey, you okay?
... Just give me time to think...
What is it?  Did you just barge in here... He doesn't have plan.  It's all a whim.  'Rob a bank!  What not?'
Oh, shit!  I gotta have time to think.
Come on, nobody's going to the bathroom - come on...
I forgot she's in here.
What are you trying to pull?
Who the hell is that?  God damn it! What the...
Oh - Maria!
It's not a joke.  I got this terrible fear of being locked in...
What's the matter... they never housebroke you?
Listen, I'll never make it.  I'll have to go to the toilet.
I speak what I feel.
Listen, we got young girls here... you could watch your language.
Open this up!
I am.
Okay, who's the head teller here?
He's right.  You shoulda done what he did.  Go home.  Don't talk to the FBI anymore.
No.  This really pissed him off, Sonny.  He says you're dead.  He says he doesn't have a son.
Did Pop come down?
No!
I'm a fuckup and an outcast.  There isn't one single person in my life I haven't hurt through my love. You understand that?  I'm the most dangerous person in the world, because if I love you, watch out, you're gonna get fucked, fucked over and fucked out!
Maybe!  Aw Christ, what dreams you live on!  Maybe what?
Maybe...
What the hell for?  Twenty-five years in the pen?
Oh.  Run.
I can't, Mom.  If I come out Sal will kill them.
What'll you do?  Come out.
Not now, Mom, please.
I know you wouldn't need Leon if Heidi was treating you right.  The thing I don't understand is why you come out and sleep with Heidi anyway?  You got two kids on welfare now.  What're you goin' to bed with her, you don't have enough with one wife and two kids on welfare, you want a wife and three kids on welfare?
She doesn't have anything to do with it!  You understand that? Mother?  This is me!
If she comes down here, so help me I'm gonna mash her brains in. Everything in your life was sunlight and roses until you met her.  Since then, forget it.
Mom.  Mom.  There are some things a mother shouldn't say in front of her son.
Did I say a thing against her?  God forbid I should say anything against that fat cunt.
For God's sake don't start in on Heidi again ...
What's wrong with that?  The FBI was very understanding when I explained it to him.  Everybody knows it isn't you ... It's the pressures from your home life.
Mom - they're sending a bus to take us to the airport.  You understand? If you're here - they're not gonna send it.  They'll think I'm gonna come out with you.
Oh my God!  I don't understand.  If you needed money, why couldn't you come to me?  Everything I got is yours.  I got two hundred and maybe twenty-five in the savings.  It's yours.  You know it.
We can't stay here.
He was very understanding - you ought to talk to him ... Algeria?
Don't talk to them anymore.  Sal and me are getting a jet, we're going to Algeria - I'll write you from there.
I said you were never a faggot.
Oh my God, mother!
Well, I'm only trying to get you outta this.  I told them you were in Vietnam, you always had good jobs, you were with Goldwater at the '64 convention, but you had marital problems...
You did what?  Who did you talk to? What for?
I talked to the FBI, I told them about you, they said if you just come outta the bank it's gonna be okay.
Mom - I got it all worked out; it's over.  The best thing is you go home.  Watch it on TV.
My God, Sonny - you oughtta see - Alla Brooklyn is here!  On all 3 networks!
What do you want here, Ma?  You could of watched it on TV.
Then talk about somethin' you fuckin' know about ...
Of course not ...
Oh yeah?  Give up?  You ever been in prison?
You could give up.
I don't want to be paid.  I'm here with Sal and eight other people ... and we're dyin'!  They're gonna blow our guts out, man!  You're gonna see our brains onna sidewalk! How's that for all you shut-ins and housewives to look at!  You gonna help, or you just put it on instead of AS THE WORLD TURNS?  We're dyin' here!  What have you got for me?
What do you want us to give you? You want to be paid for ...
Okay, newsman.  How much you make a week?  You're not talkin'.  You payin' me? What have you got for me?  We're givin' you entertainment ... what are you givin' us?
Newsman, not ...
How much you have to pay an entertainer to fill this slot?
You're news, Sonny ...
Yeah!  We're hot entertainment, right?  You got me and Sal on TV ... we're entertainment you sell, right?
The audience is interested in you, Sonny ... not me.
Wait a minute ... I'm talkin' to you.  I'm askin' you a question ...
I'm here to talk to you, Sonny, not ...
Like what?  Bank teller?  What do they get paid -  ... they pay one hundred thirty- five dollars and thirty-seven cents to start.  I got a wife and kids. I can't live on that -- You want to live on that?  What do you make a week?
What about, ah, non-union occupations?
Get a job doing what?  You gotta be a member of a union, no union card - no job.  To join the union, you gotta get the job, but you don't get the job without the card.
But I mean, why do you need to steal?  Couldn't you get a job?
I don't know ... It's where they got the money.  I mean, if you want to steal, you go to where they got the money, right?
Robbing a bank.
Doing what?
Why are you doing this?
Top of the World at the Stratosphere. It's completely secure. <b> INT. FBI JET -- NEXT </b> Cosgrove and Espinoza listen to this conversation.
<i>The Bounty Hunters have arrived. They will drop off the money in exactly one hour.</i>  <i>Where do you want to meet?</i>
This is Bishop.
<i>My theft insurance policy will have to fork over the ten million... but that will take six to eight months due to Nevada state law.</i>  <i>But you should know sir... that I employ bounty hunters. My bounty hunters can find these thieves.</i>
And if you can't deliver them?
<i>$300,000.</i>
How much?
<i>Well... I think that these are the gentlemen who robbed us. I'm also a bail bondsman out of Los Angeles. I can track down and deliver these crooks to you... for a small finder's fee of course.</i>
Yesterday I received an e-mail from a source. In this e-mail were four social security numbers linked to the gentlemen who presented counterfeit California driver's licenses to my company late last night.
What happened to my money, Mr. Williams? <b> INT. CLAREMONT WILLIAMS III BOND AGENCY -- NEXT </b> Claremont sits behind his desk with his phone to his ear.
<i>Mr. Bishop... this is Claremont Williams. I own the Williams Brothers armored car service.</i>
This is Drake Bishop.
<i>I once vowed never to invest too much emotion into anyone, anything.</i>
I LOVE YOU, DOMINO.
<i>Are you all right?</i>
What is it, Choco?
<i>That's the crew. They follow us.</i>
Who the hell is that?
<i>Choco grew up on the streets of El Salvador. When he was four years old... he stabbed another kid in the eye-ball with a pencil.</i>  <i>There were wires crossed somewhere in his soul.</i>
<i>They can do subtitles.</i>
<i>Morning.</i>
Morning.
I've been training since I was twelve. Knives. Guns. Throwing stars. You name it... I can fight with it. I'm a hard worker and a fast learner.  Nothing scares me. I'm not afraid to die.
<i>Holy shit... this bitch is fierce.</i>
<i>Promise me... you won't tell her... that I never fucked Pat Benatar.</i>
What?
Promise me... you won't ever tell Domino.
What do you think, dumbshit?
Did it hurt?
Anything to get the fuck out of dodge.
What about your toe?
Oh! And another thing. I am a liar. A pathological liar. There was no day in Danang, no multiple tours in Nam. Just lies to get laid, lies to get respect.  Truth is... I'm scared shitless all the time.
Don't fuck with me, Ed. Not you, not tonight.
I just charged $12.95 to our room for that movie. Now I'll never know how the story ends.
You know what I'm talking about, did you fuck her?
So what?
Maybe you should fuck her mom then.
Fella could get used to a life this ordinary.
Fuckin' A! We got a five hour drive back to LA ahead of us. <b> EXT. MACDONALD'S -- PARKING LOT -- MOMENTS LATER </b> Choco is now stripped down to his boxer shorts in the back PARKING LOT of the MacDonald's. Alf is hosing him down. Domino stares at Choco... admiring his body.
<i>The children like to urinate in the balls.</i>
Jesus Christ! What's that smell?
<i>Chinga te y tu mama tambien.</i>
Tell him it's not cute. Will you tell him, Domino!?
<i>I'm gonna kill you, Ed.</i>
Will you speak the fucking English language? The poor girl has no clue what you're talking about.  The boy speaks English, you know. Reads, writes, I swear it. He does this when he's around girls. Thinks it's cute.
<i>We gotta bring him in.</i>
Fella takes out two kids and has the audacity to not show up for trial.
<i>He killed two children.</i>
Bail jumper's name is Cookie Kincaid. Nineteen years old. His mommie posted bail when he was arrested for allegedly partaking in a drive-by shooting in Hawthorne.
On a raid. If she wants to see justice... we gonna take Domino to the Jungle, baby. <b> EXT. JUNGLE -- NEXT </b> The El Camino pulls into the entrance to the JUNGLE. The neighborhood of LOW INCOME HOUSES winds upward into the HILLSIDE adjacent to the wall. Ed parks the El Camino next to the curb. <b> INT. EL CAMINO -- NEXT
Where are we going?
For the love of God. Not Spanish again. Who's the girl?
<i>I forgot.</i>
Alright. Time to ditch this thing. Did you take a look at the bathroom window?
My Frances? Frances and Charles have been kidnapped? <b> EXT. NEVADA DESERT -- NEXT </b>
Your son... and your nephew have been kidnapped by these crazy game show hosts from the Fox network. <b> INT. CIGLIUTI COMPOUND -- MASTER BEDROOM -- NEXT </b> Cigliuti sits up in bed.
<i>What is it?</i>
I'm so sorry to be bothering you in the middle of the night like this... but it's a bit of an emergency.
Yes. <b> INT. KEG HOUSE -- CHAPTER ROOM -- NEXT </b>
<i>I'm calling from the Kappa Epsilon Gamma house at California University.</i>
Yes.
<i>Mr. Cigliuti?</i>
Hello?
<i>I won't forget this, Domino. I'm sorry it turned out like this...</i>
Okay.
What!!?
<i>Remove... ... the... right arm.</i>
You're breaking up... I can't hear you.
I don't know. They might be dead already.
<i>What happened to them?</i>
<i>The FBI was breathing down Lateesha's neck... and she assumed that they were onto our scam. So she set up some college kids to take the fall for the heist. They have been under FBI surveillance for the past 6 months.</i> <b> INT. CHEVY SUBURBAN </b> Claremont drives like a maniac.
<i>The system hasn't been updated.</i>
Why the hell are we delivering them out here? I can't even find any warrants in the system for these four.
I fucked up. You can't help your greedy black lying ass from trying to get everything. All you've done is put a death sentence on Meeka.
You motherfuckin' Tino. You fucked us so bad.
I'm pulling up right now. Evacuate the fucking van! Plans have changed! <b> EXT. TEXACO STATION -- NEXT
Where are you? <b> INT. CHEVY SUBURBAN -- NEXT </b> Claremont is behind the Wheel of a BLACK CHEVY SUBURBAN. He pulls into the Texaco parking lot.
There's always a loophole with you, Claremont. Your black ass is one big loophole. <b> INT. VEGAS SECURITY LOCKDOWN -- [FLASH FORWARD] NIGHT
My armored car business. We just signed a new insurance policy in Nevada. There's a loophole.
What?
I've already formulated a plan.
That bitch called me a bitch.
She's right... you lost your temper... and you started cursing like some ghetto skank. You lost all credibility right there!
<i>The money exchange will take place at Top of the World at the Stratosphere. Get there at exactly midnight.</i>
Hello?
<i>The combination code is tattooed on his right arm. You'll never get inside Edna Fender's safe without the code-breaker on that arm.</i> <b> INT. CAST WINNEBAGO -- NEXT </b> Domino rides shotgun with her CELL PHONE to her ear.
We need hostages. Celebrity hostages. Just in case this gets ugly. <b> EXT. NEVADA DESERT -- LATER ON </b> The Cast Winnebago drives through the desert.
<i>Deliver them to the Needles DMV. Sundown at the Sam Kinison monument.</i>
Yep.
<i>Did you get all four?</i>
You white folks don't understand the natural beauty of a woman's figure. Those are birthing hips. More cushion for the pushin'.
Claremont, you're a chubby chaser.
I became a bounty hunter because of cunts like you.  I remember all the cunts in high school who were mean to me. Eventually... they all grew up to be just like you. Angry and bitter because they peaked early... and now they're stuck in some dead end marriage... or worse yet... an unfulfilling job that keeps them from meeting a man.
No. Please enlighten me.
Do you want know the real reason why I became a bounty hunter?
This is your last chance. Tell us everything you know.
Take us to Vegas. <b> EXT. DESERT ROAD -- DAY </b> The crew rides in the back of the Wanderer's truck toward Vegas. <b> INT. VEGAS SECURITY LOCKDOWN -- NIGHT </b> Domino stares at Taryn as she returns to the table.
That's the only way you can cope with the route your life has taken. The fact that you made the choice to pursue this life- style... much to the chagrin of your mother... who is so clearly ashamed of you.  Imagine her shame when we cart you off to prison because you won't just tell the truth about what really happened. <b> EXT. NEVADA DESERT -- DAY FOR NIGHT [MESCALINE TRIP]
<i>Now the bitch was getting personal.</i>
Take us to Vegas.
Not yet. <b> INT. CAST WINNEBAGO -- NEXT </b> Alf pulls onto the 15 FREEWAY.
Show me the tapes. I want to see them.
<i>The bitch was bluffing. There were no dupe tapes. If there were... they'd have shown them to me by now.</i>
<i>Her car was in the shop.</i>
<i>You drove Lateesha's daughter to school... then dropped her off at the DMV. Why?</i>
We needed to verify some bond certificates for Claremont. She pushes stuff through the system for us... helps us track down perps for a kick back. It's all legal. <b> INT. MUSTANG CONVERTIBLE -- [FLASHBACK] DAY </b>
What was your business with Lateesha that day?
That's the rumor on the street.
Are you aware that Lateesha Rodriguez has been running a counterfeit driver's license racket?
Mr. Weiss was very generous in turning over some video tapes to the FBI. There's lots of footage of you. We know everything.  If you don't come clean... the information on these tapes could send you to prison for a very long time.
He's a reality television producer. His name is Mark Weiss.
He sent us out to the Fender Compound. Out in the desert near the Chicken Ranch.
You then learned where the thieves had hidden the money... and at the instructions of your employer went to retrieve it yourself.
Yes.
Is it true that you were hired to track down and capture the thieves... and then deliver them to Drake Bishop... owner of the Stratosphere Hotel & Casino?
You're trying to scare me into falsely incriminating myself... and it's not working. I said I'd tell you everything I know. You and your friends behind the mirror.
I think that you're lying. I think you know exactly where the money is.
I don't know.
Where is the money?
<i>The driver's name was Locus Fender. We know that he was in on the heist.</i> <b> INT. ARMORED CAR -- NEXT </b> LOCUS FENDER  is behind the wheel of the armored car. His unshaven, disheveled appearance looks totally out of place in his security uniform. <b> INT. VEGAS SECURITY LOCKDOWN -- NIGHT </b> Taryn is now scrawling notes on a pad.
<i>Here's the part where I'm supposed to get all defensive and say... 'not until I speak with my attorney.'</i>
Ms. Harvey... my name is Taryn Miles. I'm a criminal psychologist working for the FBI. I'm here to ask you a few questions.
<i>Mescaline.</i> <b> INT. CAST WINNEBAGO -- NIGHT </b> Domino and the others are all drinking coffee. Alf stares out through the windshield at the GLOW of Vegas in the distance.
Cock-fuckers are gonna pay.
Fuck 'em. Their loss is our gain. Put the money in the safe until we hear from Claremont. <b>
<i>Either this was some kind of set up... or the First Ladies got scared... decided to pull out and cut their losses.</i>
Yeah. <b> INT. FENDER HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER </b>
Is that the decoder?
Turn over your weapon, Edna!
LOCUS! BABY... I'M HERE!
PROVE IT!
HE'S STILL ALIVE, EDNA!
Nice to see you again, Edna.
Is that you, Domino?
Chi-Chi has gone to doggie heaven, bitch!
Chi-Chi!  CHI-CHI!
<i>That's my best friend. His name is Choco. He's always fancied me... but too shy to ever do anything about it.</i>
<i>It was the beginning of the end.</i>
God help us. God help us all.
He used to date Pat Benatar!
<i>Whatever.</i> He's a criminal. And this Ed Martin character is a complete loser.
It's Choco. And he's not my boyfriend. He's a bounty hunter.
So who is this <i>Choko?</i> Is he your new boyfriend?
Cunt. It's just a word. Why does everyone in this fucking country get their knickers in a twist by the slightest bit of indecent conversation?
I said stop it.
Cunt.
Stop it.
Cunt.
Must you use that awful word?
I refuse to turn out like them. Twenty-one years old and they're already looking for a husband.  Stupid fucking cunts with no self- esteem. They let the boys control their lives. Not me.
Crypto-fascist? Who talks like this?!
The mold? I am living among these crypto-fascist Orange County cunts... with daddy's BMW and the boob job... just waiting to implode.
Why must you fight... everything that is normal? You are blessed with such beauty. Life could be so easy... if only you allowed yourself to fit the mold.
Everything. It is a ghastly existence.
Be kind to your sitter.
<i>After dad passed on, Mum's agenda was to hit the town and find another husband with a boatload of cash.</i> <b> INT. LONDON APARTMENT -- EVENING </b> Sophie is dolled up for a night on the town... CLEAVAGE spilling out of her cocktail dress. Domino is feeding her pet GOLDFISH. "THUNDERBIRDS" plays on the television.
Then so be it. If you believe what that Indian said we were fucked either way.
We are so fucked.
<i>Turned out Edna. had one last trick up her sleeve.</i> <b> INT. FENDER COMPOUND -- KITCHEN -- [FLASHBACK] TEN MINUTES AGO
Make us a pot of coffee, Edna.  It's gonna be a long night. <b> EXT. FENDER COMPOUND -- MOMENTS LATER </b> Edna stands next to her MAIMED SON near the burning barrels as they watch the Winnebago drive off into the desert. Locus is sobbing... latching onto his mother's sweater.
He said... take his right arm.
What did he say about the arm?
Claremont said we deliver the First Ladies in Needles. Then we go home. No questions asked.
Something is going down. Something bad.
No. What's the big deal?
What do you mean? Claremont didn't provide them?
There are no bond certificates.
Where are the bond certificates for the First Ladies?
You have sixty seconds... here's the question...  Which one of you is Frances?
Everyone... please give Domino her space. Step back, please!
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
Cool it, Choco.
You're wearing eyeliner. You look like a queen.
Can you tell?
<i>We gotta go to work, Domino.</i>
Hello?
<i>I was asleep in mum's guest house.</i> <b> INT. SOPHIE THOMAS MANSION -- BEDROOM -- NEXT </b> Domino is asleep in bed. The TELEPHONE rings.
<i>Mum was terrified for me. She didn't approve of my lifestyle one bit.</i>
What the fuck is your problem? Bitch!! <b> INT. SOPHIE TROMAS MANSION -- KITCHEN -- DAY </b> Domino is loading her GUN at the kitchen table as Sophie serves breakfast. Domino wolfs it down.
I found him pan-handling on Third Street Promenade. Took him under my wing. We been hunting together ever since.
How did you meet Choco?
We dated off and on for two years. But life on the road is tough. The pressure of the tour... relationships within a band... sometimes it leads to jealousy.
Oh my God... you mean... the two of you dated?!
Yeah?! Well... I loved her too.
I... <i>love...</i> Pat Benatar.
Yeah. I played base guitar for Pat Benatar.
Really? Did you play in a band?
I was a musician.
So Ed. What did you do before you became a bounty hunter?
No last names. Just Domino. The less you know about me the better, okay?
Domino. Do you have a last name... Domino?
You can save that Pretty Woman shit. The name is Domino.
Because I want justice. I want to help put these sleazebags back in jail where they belong.  And I want to have a little fun.
You want to be a bounty hunter. Why does a pretty little thing like you want to be a bounty hunter?
Where the fuck do you think you're going?
What the... <i>who is this bitch?</i> <b> EXT. HAWTHORNE COMMUNITY CENTER -- PARKING LOT -- NEXT </b> Ed and Choco exit the El Camino just as Domino retrieves her knife from the windshield. She grips it in her right hand... threatening them.
Wow. Laurence Harvey. He knew Frank Sinatra?  I knew Frank.
<i>My real father was an actor. He died when I was a little girl.</i>
I can certainly think of one more!
Don't fuck with us, Edna! There are at least three more limbs where that one came from!
...THEN SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Not really.
Do you know where Danang is?
Many times.
Son, with the exception of Spring Break in Tijuana, have you ever ventured outside of California?
Three tours? Isn't that... <i>twelve years?</i>
SPEAK ENGLISH! JESUS CHRIST WE'RE ON TELEVISION HERE!
Uhhh... I have no idea what you just said.
Just shut up and do what they say. They're gonna kill us if we don't, Ian.
We didn't sign on for this shit.  Fuck! This shit is intense. I need to call my agent.
Twice a night, sometimes.
And he used to fuck a Playboy centerfold every night.
Listen, dick-fuck. I had a good run while it lasted. Now I've got ten million in the bank. <i>I'll never have to work again for the rest of my life.</i>
They're gonna edit it together out of sequence so it's more exciting. <b> EXT. BEVERLY HILLS -- LATER ON
They need to get the introduction on camera. Just play along, alright?
Fucking Map Quest. <i>Never again.</i> <b> EXT. DOWNTOWN GARAGE ROOFTOP -- NEXT </b> Ziering and Green approach a LARGE TENT. The WINNEBAGO is parked off to the side. Alf is inside... doing something with a WELDER on the front of the RV.
We're late.
She went up to her room.
Where is Domino?
We should sign her to a talent holding deal. <b> INT. KEG HOUSE -- FRANCES' ROOM -- NEXT
This girl is going to be a star. She just tells it like it is.
Exactly. Why don't you leave the guns behind this time? Go in with only batons, brass knuckles, and numb-chucks.
But real. This is gritty. Like Cassavetes.
Fast and or furious.
In theory.
We're covered on legal with that, right?
We can't lose focus of Domino's journey, Mark.
Your theory is valid... <i>in theory.</i>
This could break new ground in terms of traditional host models. It's self-reflexive reality television.
Send her through to the conference room. <b> INT. FOX TELEVISION STUDIOS -- LOBBY -- NEXT
Okay.  Domino Harvey is here.
Get Cynthia on the line. <i>They changed the fucking font.</i>
Real fast.
Meeka's white blood cell count is dropping fast.
<i>The tough get going.</i>
Just like Billy Ocean says. <i>When the going gets tough...</i>
<i>House is a wreck/ Gotta collect my check/ Gotta perfume my neck/ But keep yo hands off the weave cuz this black bitch don't suck the dick.</i>
<i>Gotta strip/ Gotta give some lip/ Gotta make my tip/ But keep yo hands to yourself - Cuz you ain't touching these tits.</i>
Nobody.
Ain't nobody gonna call me a bitch without some payback.
Real good.
You were good.
My brother.
My brother.
Ya back is got.
You got my back.
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout. That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
We shouldn't buy a single slice, spend a single penny in that motherfucker till some people of color are put up in there.
Talk to me.
He makes all his money off us Black people and I don't see nuthin' but Italians all up in there, Sylvester Stallone and motherfuckers.  Ya see what I'm saying, homeboy?
I almost had to yoke him this afternoon.  Tell me, tell me, Radio Raheem, to turn my music down. Didn't even say please.  Who the fuck he think he is?  Don Corleone and shit.
I'm trying to organize a boycott of Sal's pizza joint.  Ya see what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know dat motherfucker.
Check this out.  Y'know Sal's.
I don't like anything else.
I like 'em, but you don't play anything else.
You don't like Public Enemy?  It's the dope shit.
Is that the only tape you got?
I be.  I'm living large.
How you be?
If I wasn't a righteous Black man you'd be in serious trouble. SERIOUS.
I'm gonna leave now.
I'm under the assumption that this is a free country and one can live where he pleases.
What do you want to live in a Black neighborhood for?  Motherfuck gentrification.
Who told you to buy a brownstone on my block, in my neighborhood on my side of the street?
I own a brownstone on this block.
Who told you to step on my sneakers? Who told you to walk on my side of the block?  Who told you to be in my neighborhood?
I'll fuck you up quick two times.
Not only did you knock me down, you stepped on my new white Air Jordans that I just bought and that's all you can say, "Excuse me?"
Excuse me.  I'm very sorry.
You almost knocked me down.  The word is "excuse me."
Yes?
Yo!
Jade, I still love you.
I'm down, but for a worthwhile cause.
So, in other words, you are not down.
Buggin' Out, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you can really direct your energies in a more useful way.
Yeah, I asked him.  I don't want nobody in there, nobody spending good money in Sal's.  He should get no mo' money from the community till he puts some Black faces up on that motherfucking wall.
Did you ask Sal?
And I--we--want some Black people up.
And?
Every single one of those pictures is somebody Italian.
Have you noticed something about them?
So?
Y'know all those pictures he has hanging on the Wall of Fame?
What did he do this time?
Jade, you don't know this, but I'm organizing a boycott of Sal's Famous Pizzeria.
That's not even true.  I just want a slice.
It's about turning that shit off and getting the fuck outta my pizzeria.
Why it gotta be about jungle music and Africa?
Turn that JUNGLE MUSIC off.  We ain't in Africa.
No, are you?  We want some Black people up on the Wall of Fame.
What da fuck!  Are you deaf?
What did I tell ya 'bout dem pictures?
What did I tell ya 'bout dat noise?
Boycott Sal's.  Boycott Sal's.
Don't come back, either.
You a troublemaker?
Sal, that might be fine, you own this, but rarely do I see any Italian Americans eating in here. All I've ever seen is Black folks. So since we spend much money here, we do have some say.
Two dollars!  Forget it!
Extra cheese is two dollars. Y'know dat.
Damn, Sal, put some more cheese on that motherfucker.
You come in here at least three times a day.  You a retard?  A buck fifty.
How much?
We're not hanging out.  I'm being escorted back to work.
It's so nice to see a family hanging out together.
No.  I'm just a struggling Black man trying to keep my dick hard in a cruel and harsh world.
No, you the man.
You the man.
You the man.
Come back in a week, it will be squashed.
I'm cool.  I'm cool.
Buggin' Out, I gotta work here.
Sal, how come you ain't got no brothers up on the wall here?
Ask Sal.
How come you ain't got no brothers up?
What?
Mookie.
I just wanted to know who named ya Sweet Dick Willie?
Squash it.
I don't know how he does it.
What can you say?
No!
No!
Too long!  Too long.  Now for the life of me, I haven't been able to figger this out.  Either dem Koreans are geniuses or we Blacks are dumb.
How long?
A motherfucking year off the motherfucking boat and got a good business in our neighborhood occupying a building that had been boarded up for longer than I care to remember and I've been here a long time.
It's been about a year.
OK, but listen up.  I'm gonna break it down.
Make it plain.
What was you saying?
As I was saying before we were so rudely interrupted by the finest.
Don't worry about it.  But when it happens and I'm in my boat and ya black ass is drowning, don't ask me to throw you a lifesaver either.
You a dumb-ass simple motherfucker. Where did you read that?
We're still standing.
I hope the block is still standing.
I didn't.
Where did you sleep?
I've done that before.
Yes indeed.  You almost got yourself killed last night.
Is it a good morning?
Good morning.
You're welcome.
I thank you.
Maybe you shouldn't.  Don't get happy.  This changes nothing between you and me.  You did a good thing and Mother Sister wanted to thank you for it.
I went from first to home on a bunt single, scored the winning run, the bottom of the ninth, two out, August 1, 1939, Snow Hill, Alabama.  Maybe I should be heroic more often.
I wasn't trying to be a hero.  I saw what was about to happen and I reacted, didn't even think.  If I did, I might not have done it in second thought.  Da Mayor is an old man, haven't run that fast in years. 
That was a foolish act, but it was brave.  That chile owes you his life.
I'm not stopping.  I'm on my way.
Fool, there's a lot in this world you don't know.
I didn't know you had such beautiful hair.
One day you'll be nice to me.  We might both be dead and buried, but you'll be nice.  At least civil.
Hold your tongue.  You don't have that much love.
Besides that.  Da Mayor don't bother nobody.  Nobody don't bother Da Mayor but you.  Da Mayor just mind his business.  I love everybody. I even love you.
You're a drunk fool.
Mother Sister, you've been talkin' 'bout me the last eighteen years. What have I ever done to you?
The evil eye doesn't work on me.
That's it.
That's it?
Doctor, always try to do the right thing.
OK.  OK.
Doctor, this is Da Mayor talkin'.
C'mere, Doctor.
Gotta go.
Mookie.
You got a deal.
Fifty cents.
Eddie, you're too smart for your own britches.  Listen to me.  How much do you want to run to the store for Da Mayor?
How would I know how much it's gonna cost if I don't know what I'm buying?
Relax, Eddie, I want you to go to the corner store.  How much will it cost me?
I said my name is Eddie Lovell.
What makes Sammy run?
My name is Eddie.
What makes Sammy run?
Ten.
How old are you?
Eddie Lovell.
I truly hope so.  I'm tired of supporting a grown man.
Pretty soon I'll be making a move.
...peanuts.
I'm getting paid...
Oh, it doesn't, huh!  You got your little 250 dollars a week plus tips...
One has nuthin' to do with the other.
Stop trying to play big brother. I'm a grown woman.  You gotta lotta nerve.  Mookie, you can hardly pay your rent and you're gonna tell me what to do.  Come off it.
I might be, but you're not welcome here.
You are too crude.
You should see the way he looks at you.  All Sal wants to do is hide the salami.
I didn't stutter.  You heard me.
Innocent!
He's completely innocent.
Nice!
He's just being nice.
Over Sal, the way he talks and the way he looks at you.
What are you so worked up about?
No, you're tripping.  Don't come in Sal's.  Alright, read my lips.
Stop tripping.
Jade, I don't want you coming in here no mo'.
See ya around.
I'll see you out.
I'll see ya there.
Yo, I'm gone.
No.
I'm going with you.
I'm coming.
Hurry up and get dressed.
I didn't stutter.  Take care of your responsibilities.  Y'know exactly what I'm talking about.
What responsibilities?
Yeah, then ya should take better care of your responsibilities.
Don't worry 'bout me.  I always get paid.
I just don't want you to lose the one job you've been able to keep, that's all.  I'm carrying you as it is.
Slavery days are over.  My name ain't Kunta Kinte.  Sis, I don't want to argue, stop pressing me.
I think no such a thing.  Sal pays you, you should work.
Later for Sal.  Y'know, sometimes I think you're more concerned with him than me.
Sal's gonna be mad.
I just come home to take a quick shower.
Is this another one of your patented two-hour lunches?
I'm working.
How come you're not at Sal's?
I'm in here.
Jade.
Later.  Gotta get paid.
Do me a favor.  Go to work.
Don't ya love ya brother Mookie anymore?  I loves ya, Jade.
Good!  Leave me alone when I'm sleeping.  I'm gonna get a lock on my door, to keep ya ass outta here.
It's gonna be hot today.
Wake up?  Saturday is the lone day I get to sleep late.
Wake up!
Don't you have enough sense not to bother people when they're sleeping?
Whew!
And move to Long Island.  Number Two: my ex-husband lost all my property, all my money in his scheme to build a Black business empire.  Needless to say what happened, this house is it, all I got.  I'm too through with yar people.
And move to Long Island...
Number One: I got some jive, late- rent-paying trifling Negroes in this house.  Every year I keep threatening to sell it.
I'm not studying no Mayor.  Besides, he reminds me of my least favorite peoples.  My tenants and my ex- husband--Goddamn-bless his soul.
You are too cruel to Da Mayor, it isn't right.
Don't like 'em.  A fan will do.
I don't know why you still haven't bought an air conditioner.
I'll do.
How are you holding up in this weather?
Be gentle, child.  Mother Sister is an old woman.
Sorry, comb got caught.
That's why I don't fool with it. Only let you touch it...Ouch!
Yeah, me too.
Tender-headed runs in my family. You tender-headed?
I got nowhere to go.  We haven't had a good sit-down for a long while.
This might take some time.
I know, Mother Sister, but I'm here now.  Where's the stuff?
Jade, you're late.
Motherfucker you.
Twenty!  Motherfucker!  Twenty!
How many you say?
D!  D!  D!  You dumb motherfucker. Learn how to speak English first.  D.
C Duracell.
D, not C.
Twenty "C" Duracells.
Twenty "D" Duracells.
Fuck!  My money!
WAKE UP!
Tell ya father he makes the best heros in Brooklyn.
That's right on time.  This is my friend, Vito.  His pops is Sal.
Here ya are.  Keep the change.
Alright.  Let me play this record while I go to work on my chicken Parmigiana hero with extra cheese and extra sauce.
Mister Seor Love Daddy, I'd like to dedicate the next record to my heart, Tina.
C'mon, don't be shy.  Mmm, smells good.  This is ya Love Daddy talkin' to ya, starvin' like Marvin. Say something, Mookie.
Him no white.  Him no white.
Korea man is OK.  Let's leave him alone.
Negroes kill me, always holdin' onto, talkin' 'bout their dicks.
Naw, that's some stupid shit.  Now you know how I got that name.
ML stands for ML.  That's it.
Yes you did.
Sweet Dick, I didn't mean it like that.
I didn't say nobody, I said you.
Nobody talkin' 'bout ya moms.
Why you gotta talk 'bout my moms?
ML, hold this for me.
What?
ML?
It's a motherfucking shame.
It's Miller time.  Let me go give these Koreans s'more business.
Look at those Korean motherfuckers across the street.  I betcha they haven't been a year off da motherfucking boat before they opened up their own place.
It's dug.
Can ya dig it?
Let it be broke.
Do I have to spell it out?
That's my name.
Sweet Dick Willie.
What is?
It's a fucking shame.
Look at that.
Motherfucker wasn't saying shit.
So when is all this ice suppose to melt?
I'll be back on my feet.  Soon enough.
You're raggedy as a roach.  You eat the holes out of donuts.
Don't worry about it.
Fool, you're thirty cents away from a quarter.  How you gonna get a boat?
That's it?
Doctor, always try to do the right thing.
OK.  OK.
Doctor, this is Sal talkin'.
C'mere, Doctor.
Gotta go.
Mookie?
I can dig it.  It's gonna be HOT as a motherfucker.
Yeah!...I'm goin' to the beach for the first day in fifteen years. Gonna take the day off and go to the beach.
Make dat money.  Get paid.
No.  What are you gonna do?
You gonna open up another Sal's Famous Pizzeria?
It's supposed to be even hotter today.
Christmas came early.
You keep it.
Keep it.
You only pay me two-fifty a week.  I owe you fifty bucks.
Ya just got paid, so leave me the fuck alone.
My salary.  Two-fifty.
How much?  How much do I owe you?
You don't know shit about shit.
Quit bullshitting.
Do we now?
We all know you're gonna get over with the insurance money anyway! Ya know da deal.
We both do.
Fuck dat.  The time is fuckin' now. Y'know I'm sorry 'bout Sal's Famous Pizzeria, but I gotta live, too. I gotta get paid.
You're right, a kid is dead, but Mook, this isn't the time.
Motherfuck a window, Radio Raheem is dead.
Don't even ask about your money. Your money wouldn't even pay for that window you smashed.
Sal, I want my money.
Mookie, I always liked you.  Not the smartest kid, but you're honest. Don't make me dislike you.
I wants my money.  I wants to get paid.
Whatdafuck do you want?
Where we goin'?
C'mon, Sal.
You must be guilty of something or you would have never come in saying the things you said.
I'm not guilty of nuthin'.
I didn't say nuthin'.  You must have a guilty conscience.  What are you guilty of?
Sal, if you want me to deliver any faster, get me a jet rocket or something, cuz I can't run with pizzas, all the cheese ends up on one side and shit.
No, just checking.
Yeah, do you know 'em?
Here, you gotta delivery.
Sal, just do me a favor, leave Jade alone.
Mookie, I don't know what you're talking about, plus I don't want to hear it.
Sal, I don't care if you fire me this exact minute, leave my sister alone.
Tonight, when we close.
I would like to get paid now.
You know you don't get paid till we close tonight.  We're still open.
Sal, just this once, do me that solid.
Can't do.
Can you pay me now?
Depends.
Sal, can you do me a favor?
Big deal?  If that's not LOVE, I don't know what is.
Mookie!  How is anybody gonna call in?
Be off in a second.  Tina, I dedicated a record on Mister Seor Love Daddy's show to you.
Mookie, get offa da phone.
Run it then.
Mookie, what took you so long?  I got a business to run.
I got no say over people.
Mookie, if your friends can't behave, they're not welcome.
Talk to your son.
Mookie, no cursing in the store.
Who doesn't work?  Don't start no shit, won't be no shit.
Hey!  What did I say?
You're to the curb.  You better step off.  Get a life.
Later.
Act like one then.  Be a man.
I am a man.
Be a man.
Tina, I'll be right back.
You don't care about me and you definately don't care 'bout your son.
Tina, it's not like that.
Mookie, you must think I'm stupid or something.  You're gonna run outta here and I won't see your black ass for another week.
To get my money.
Where are you going?
Yes, yes, Lord.  Isn't this better than Haagen-Dazs butter pecan ice cream?
Feels good.
Tina, you don't have a forehead, you got a eight-head.
What?
Meda.  Meda.
Later for you.
It's 'pose to be cold.
It's cold.
Lie down, please.
Of course I'm sweating.  I'm burning up.  It's hot, moron, only a hundred degrees in here.
Tina, you're sweating.
No rawness.
I'm sorry, but no rawness is jumping off tonight.
Why you gotta curse?
Mookie, I told you already it's too fucking hot to make love.
I'm gonna take off ya clothes.
Trust me.
Trust you?  Because of trusting you we have a son.  Remember your son?
Trust me.
What else?
Then we'll do something else.
You a blue-moon fool.
A quickie is good every once in a blue moon.
That's out.  No!  It's too hot! You think I'm gonna let you get some, put on your clothes, then run outta here and never see you again in who knows when?
Long enough for us to do the nasty.
How long then?
I can't be staying long anyway.
No!  No!  You won't come back either.
I can run out and get it.
And I really wanted some ice cream too.
I just forgot.
Your memory is really getting bad.
Shit!  I forgot.
Where's the ice cream?  The Hagen- Dazs butter pecan?
I've been working hard, getting paid.
How else was I going to get you here?  I haven't seen you in a week.
Tina, you are too slick.
Come in then.
Hot.  Hot.
What took you so long?  Is it hot?
Delivery from Sal's Famous Pizzeria.
Do I love you?
Bring some ice cream, I'm burning up.  Do you love me?
Before I get off work.
When?
Alright.  Alright.  I'll be over there sometime today.
I want you to spend some time with me.  I want you to try and make this relationship work.  If not, I'd rather not be bothered.
Tina, what do you want me to do?
I work too, but I still make time.
I know I haven't seen you in four days.  I'm a working man.
You gold-teeth, gold-chain-wearing, fried-chicken-and-biscuit-eatin', monkey, ape, baboon, big thigh, fast-running, three-hundred-sixty- degree-basketball-dunking spade Moulan Yan.
Dago, wop, garlic-breath, guinea, pizza-slinging, spaghetti-bending, Vic Damone, Perry Como, Luciano Pavarotti, Sole Mio, nonsinging motherfucker.
Well, fuck you, too, and fuck Michael Jordan.
Fuck you, fuck pizza, and fuck Frank Sinatra, too.
Keep dreaming.
It's e-vit-able.
Fuck you.  Anyway, Minister Farrakhan always talks about the so-called "day" when the Black man will rise.  "We will one day rule the earth as we did in our glorious past."  You really believe that shit?
I didn't know you could read.
Y'know, I've been listening and reading 'bout Farrakhan, ya didn't know that, did you?
Pino, I think secretly that you wish you were Black.  That's what I think.  Vito, what do you say?
Sounds funny to me.  As much as you say nigger this and nigger that, all your favorite people are "niggers."
Shut up.  The Boss!  Bruuucce!!!!
Eddie Murphy.
And not Larry Bird?  Who's your favorite movie star?
Magic Johnson.
Who's your favorite basketball player?
Gotta go.  See ya soon.  Everybody happy now?
You deaf or what?
Remember what I said.
What?
Smack him back.
People are free to do what they wanna do.
You talk to 'em.
Who don't work?  Let's see you carry six large pies up six flights of stairs.  No elevator either and shit.
Give dat bum a dollar for sweeping our sidewalk.  What do we pay Mookie for?  He don't even work.  I work harder than him and I'm your own son.
Da Mayor ain't no bum.
Pop, I don't believe this shit.  We runnin' welfare or somethin'? Every day you give dat bum--
You get paid to do what we say.
Fuck dat shit.  I deliver pizzas. That's what I get paid for.
Shaddup, Vito.
You're still late.
Just coolin'.
Hello, Sal.  Hello, Vito.
Mookie, late again.  How many times I gotta tell you?
It's Prince.  He's a Prince freak.
Pino, no joke.  C'mon, answer.
He's right.
Pino, I work hard like everybody in here.
We're outta here.
I'll do that.
I don't like to fight.
That's what I think.
That's what you think?
If you don't make a stand, he's gonna be beating ya like a egg for the rest of your life.
I don't know.
Y'know, Vito, I know Pino is ya brother and shit, but the next time he hits ya, the next time he touches ya, you should "house him." Kick his ass.
Yeah.
Ya like him, huh?
Mister Seor Love Daddy is cool.
That's right.
Wait a minute.  Wait a minute.  I just got here.  You sweep.  I betcha Sal asked you first anyhow.
I love you, Black.
I love you, my brother.
I understand.
Brother, Mookie, if I love you I love you, but if I hate you...
HATE!
I'm listening.
I just copped them.  Let me tell you the story of Right-Hand--Left- Hand--the tale of Good and Evil.
That's the dope.
On the rebound.
I'll be back after I make this delivery.
I was going to buy a slice.
Whaddup.  Money?
And that's exactly what I'm talkin' 'bout.
I like Mookie a lot.
Be on guard.  Mookie has Pop conned already, so we have to look out for him.
So what do you want me to do?
I know so.  He, them, they're not to be trusted.
You really think so?
I know.
How do you know this?
Mookie is not to be trusted.  No Moulan Yan can be trusted.  The first time you turn your back, boom, a knife right here.  In the back.
Stop busting my balls.  I said I'm listening ten fucking times already.
You listening to me?
Mookie's OK.
Good.  Vito, you trust that Mook too much.  So does Pop.
Jesus Christ on the cross, I said I'm listening.
Good.  I want you to listen.
I'm listening.
I love you.
I know this.
My friends laugh at me all the time, laugh right in my face, tell me go feed the Moulies.
Some are OK.
Forget it, Mookie.
Fuck you and stay off the phone.
Sez me.
Sez who?
Me and you are gonna have a talk.
I ain't getting shit.
Get the broom.
He's nuts.
See, Pop.  That's just what I was talkin' about.  Every single time you tell Pino to do something, he gives it to me.
Be right there, Pop.  Listen to what I said.
Vito!  Pino!  Let's go.
Shaddup!  Jade, what can I fix you?
Pop, stop lying.
'Bout time, Pop.
You're gonna be in the street with the rest of your homeboys.
So what if this is a Black neighborhood, so what if we're a minority.  I've never had no trouble with dese people, don't want none either, so don't start none.  This is America.  Sal's Famous Pizzeria is here for good. You think you know it all?  Well, you don't.  I'm your father, you better remember that.
Pop, what else can I say?  I don't wanna be here, they don't want us here.  We should stay in our own neighborhood, stay in Bensonhurst.
I didn't think so.
I'm sick of niggers, it's a bad neighborhood.  I don't like being around them, they're animals.
We don't know nuthin' else.
Then we could try something else.
Too many pizzerias already there.
Couldn't we sell this and open up a new one in our own neighborhood?
Since when do you know what's best for us?
Pop, I think we should sell this place, get outta here while we're still ahead...and alive.
Mister Radio Raheem, I can't even hear myself think.  You are disturbing me and you are disturbing my customers.
Turn it off.
Twenty minutes.  How come you niggers are so stupid?
Mookie, you're fucking up.
Sal's Famous Pizzeria, yeah, two large pizzas, pepperoni and anchovies, hold on...  See, Pop, Mookie fucking talking on the phone and people are trying to call in orders.  He's making us lose business.
That's gonna be the last time you hit Vito.
C'mere.  Don't get too friendly with da Mook.
Yeah, no more ninety-minute deliveries around the corner.
I should have Vito go with you all the time.
Here, take the broom.  The front needs sweeping.
Pino, relax, will ya.
Tell Vito.
Can you do better?  I didn't think so.  This is a respectable business.  Nuthin' wrong with it.  Get dat broom.
Can you do better?  C'mere.
I didn't want to come to work anyway.  I hate this freakin' place.
Hey!  Watch it.
Vito, get a broom and sweep out front.
Pino, get a broom and sweep out front.
Good, make sure he don't jerk around.
Pop, I'm gonna go with Mookie.
Don't start on me today.
Take it easy, Pop.
Tell 'em, Pop.
Both of youse--shaddup.  This is a place of business.
Whaddup?
How ya doin', Mookie?
I'm gonna kill somebody today.
Pop asked you.
Tell Pino.
The both of youse, shaddup.
Yeah, I think.
Oh my god, are you alright?
Actually we have something for you.
Yeah, we're closed. So go away.
Guys. Give me the two fifty and go away.
You're it.
I have five kids at home, I know how it works. I'm just not "it". Okay guys? Two fifty.
Yeah, you are. He touched you. You're "it" until you touch someone else.
No, I'm not it.
Actually, my name is Cindy, the accent just helps me meet boys.
CHING CHONG, What happened to your beautiful Asian accent?
I'll tell you why!
I don't get it. Why'd you make him a pirate?
... to the tune of "Only the Lonely" by Roy Orbison.
Kan maaaaw Roy Orbison kin nah mah oh che.
... flying gracefully... over the rice fields.
Sleeeeew sheek baw...
She's saying... a beautiful swan...
Ting tao kuun jahn leeka leeka powww.
Then I'm in. Just like Jerk-Off.
Baby listen, there's nothing more American than not doing anything and getting away with it.
But I came here to learn about America.
Of course, she's in on it too. Don't let her see you. Just go get that chest and show the world what Collins has been doing. I'm staying here.
Hey look, it's our teacher.
What? No! Look.
Why didn't you tell us your boyfriend was Principal Collins?
Okay, what?
Okay.
I, uh... changed for dinner. I get dressed for all my meals. Except breakfast and bath-meal.  Boy, it's hot in here. Mind if I open a window?
What are you wearing?
Coming.
What?
Are you kidding? I'll be down in a "I-crapped-my-pants."
My mom wants to know if you can stay for dinner.
Are you kidding? I couldn't be more okay.
HARRY? Are you okay?
Very good. Back in a jiff.
Just down the hall.
Po, po, position...? Hey, here's thought, have you a bathroom?
What? Well now I'm in a position where I may just heed your help.
Well, I'll tell you what I think. I think she and Principal Collins are embezzling money from the school, and I think they've been doing it for years.
I'm fine.
Sit down, I have something to tell you.
She says that she's got more important things to do now that the new mall opened.
LLOYD? What about Ms. Heller?
That's okay. Lloyd's really the one teaching the class.
I checked with the school board, she's not an accredited teacher.
Hard for me? Hard for me? Hard for me? Hard for me?  You had questions?
Okay, there's a lot for us to go over, so it may get hard for you.
Yeah, but I'm buying.
Would you like something to drink?
Ooh gross.
Wipe your feet. My parents are totally anal.
Gotcha.
Yeah...
O'clock?
Come over around seven.
Excuse me?
You and Lloyd chose the class!?
We're all special. Everyone Lloyd and I chose for the class is special.
Are you trying to be funny? Or are you actually re--, re...special
Oh, you want to talk about your delicates?
Oh Harry, you're so funny. Now I have something that's kind of delicate...
Yeah. Look at this polar bear. It hasn't moved in half an hour. And those Eskimos over there...I'm sure at least one of them is a mannequin.
You did?
A-ha! I had a feeling it was all a fake.
That's because Ms. Heller doesn't want you to know this whole thing is a scam.
MS. HELLER said not to talk to you.
HARRY!
A field trip? Maybe I'll join you. See you tomorrow.
Tomorrow we go on a fee-eee-eee- wald twrip.
Yes, you and the whole Special Needs class.
Do you thill want to do an arwticle on me, Jethica?
Heddo Jeth-ica.
Hey guys.
HARRY Dunne.
Yeah, well, I'd much rather write an expose or a hard hitting investigative piece, but nothing really ever happens around here. But, I chose you and that's fine.  I'm Jessica Matthews.
Four colors? Neato!
I've been assigned to write an article about you for the school paper. It was either a feature on you or the new four-color ink pens at the student store.
Yeah. How'd you know?
You're the kid who was home schooled.
Depends how you define 'new'...
Oh, yeah. I don't think they do. You're new here, right?
In the new library there.
Excuse me.
Well I hope the carpet matches the drapes.
Hi.
Famous? I've never heard of it.
Well save room for Mrs. Matthews famous baked brisket.
No, I'm fine thanks.
We've got some margarine too if you'd like to scoop it out of the tub.
Well la de da.
The name's Walter.
Then what are we doing sitting around yapping? Let's eat!
Uh... not a great first impression... Dinner's ready.
So boys, how was your first day?
Oh Lloyd, you gotta taste my Mom's pie!
Then a sleep-over is okay by me. Okay boys, eat up.
LLOYD, did you ask your parents?
Is it okay if he spends the night?
Oh, Harry, I'm so proud of you making a real friend.
Right.
Mom, you know that never works.
Maybe the treasure's a chest full of apples and bananas!
Here's your lunch. And an apple and banana for extra energy.
I know I am, Mom.
You're going to be just fine, HARRY.
You know Mom, like in the pool.
I don't follow.
Wow just like Marco Polo.
It could be anything. You're going to discover a whole new world when you get to school.
Wow, a treasure map! What's the treasure?
I'm just not ready.
Yes, Harry. I can't home school you anymore. So maybe it's time to make some new friends, some friends your own age...
Is it true what you said to Captain Rob?
I know.
That's gross.
Beats me. It's Jessica's Dad - she said he's really anal.
Hey, where'd you go?
Sorry, Charlie.
No Lloyd. Chicks are for fags - I'm not going to do it.
You take her.
Well, what should we do?
Try one in a million!
She's one of a kind.
That's the one I wanted.
What?
Damn! What are the odds?
The one on the left.
Okay. Which one do you want?
Right.
Hold up. First, we have to decide who gets who, remember? No more competition?
I don't think that'll happen. We've learned a valuable lesson we won't ever forget.
Yeah, we should never let a woman come between us again.
Ya know Harry, I think this whole experience has soured me on women.
And with that complete loser
Oh my God! She's two-timing PRINCIPAL COLLINS!
Well, that's too bad, this is his day.
He's so modest. Probably embarrassed by all the attention.
Hey there goes Principal Collins!
How could she miss this? This whole salute to Collins was her idea.
Oh, good. There's Jessica.
Roger that, Wilco.
Start the tape, Lloyd.
You're a great teacher, Lloyd.
Yeah! No more clicks and whistles! Now she speaks perfect English!
Oh my god. Can you believe your ears?
PRINCIPAL COLLINS is a greater American than George Washington will ever be.
Guys, this is much better.
LLOYD, what I'm saying is we may already have what we want.
HARRY, are we gonna build this thing or not?
Wait, wait!
Put a fork in me Harry, lets get started.
Ready Lloyd?
Yes. Screw George Washington. Just like Marilyn Monroe did.
HARRY, we found the real thing to be thankful for. Screw George Washington!
That's it. Build him a float for the Thanksgiving Day parade!
A float!
And like she said, do it before the parade.
She wants us to show the world what a great guy Principal Collins is.
That's what Jessica was talking about!
We never thanked him for giving us our Special Needs class.
What? What did we do?
Right. She's so proud of her boyfriend.
Something about showing the world what Principal Collins has done.
What was it Jessica wanted us to do with this chest again?
That's because Captain Rob is not a pirate. We've been through this.
That makes total sense. The treasure chest was in his office. Which means Principal Collins is a pirate! I'm surprised Captain Rob never mentioned him.
Maybe the pirate who buried this treasure chest made it. Put it on.
Hey Lloyd. This looks like another one of your mix tapes.
Do you know what this means?
I have no idea - it's full of files and documents and tapes.
I don't know who we are anymore.
Enough! Look what this cursed chest is doing to us.
It was a diamond and you swallowed it.
I... found that rock.
But I ate your Mom's pie.
I made the polar bear pants.
I lugged it all over town!
But my mom gave me the map.
How true. But I still feel I deserve more than you do of this treasure. I mean, I found it.
You know Lloyd, the real treasure is our friendship.
Me, too. This is my favorite part of the tape.
Well, I'm listening now.
Three words. I did. But you were all mad at me and wouldn't listen.
You found my treasure? Why didn't you tell me.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
Hey, look. Ice cream.
He must be on his way to pee out a fire.
Cute puppy.
Hey, let's go spy on them.
He's like the Pope. Like we're gonna snake a girl away from the Pope.
No wonder we both struck out with her. Who can compete with the sexual power of the man who occupies the highest office in the land?
Now it makes total sense why she didn't want him to know we were in his office the other night.
PRINCIPAL COLLINS is her boyfriend!
That must be her boyfriend's car.
Hey, it's Jessica.
No. Look.
It's okay. I want the rush.
D2.
Are, too.
Am not.
You're it.
Sorry, no further questions.
I know I did.
You certainly did.
Yeah, that's why I asked.
If you have to ask, you don't know.
What do you mean? We can't go in there or we'll be "it".
Wow, we built a whole float in one afternoon. And now the reward.
Hello, he only invented money!
Who?
George Washington!
A turd.
A blimp.
A raft.
Nothing. Why, whaddya hear?
No. What happened?
By the way, did Captain Rob mention how I beat the crap out of him this afternoon?
The answer is George Jefferson.
Me, me, me!
No one knows?
You wouldn't get it. Just a private joke between best friends.
HARRY, would you like to share with the rest of us what's so funny?
Oh, telling inside jokes now, are we? That's it. You're out of the cool crowd. Next time Turk's passing out wedgies, you ain't gettin' one.
Good one, Captain Rob. He does look like a you-know-what.
Hey, there's no reason to use that kind of language!
Yeah, he does sound like a rat fink.
Captain Rob came back?
Do you hear something, Captain Rob?
JESSICA and I are through. I couldn't stand being with her knowing you liked her. It wasn't worth our friendship. Oh, and she also has a boyfriend.
Yeah, right. Why don't you show it to your "girlfriend"?
Did you hear what I said? The treasure! Like on your map!
Go away, assface.
HARRY! I found the treasure!
You're right. Hey, thanks for the jet pack. Your fantasies are so much cooler than mine. Bye Mom.
HARRY!
But-
HARRY, this is my fantasy! I suggest you leave - before I imagine something horrible.
LLOYD, what are you doing? That's JESSICA and... my mom.
So, have you given him "some" yet? 
Sure, I like a woman with some meat on her bones.
What are you staring at, you ugly monkey?
Now what are you staring at, you ugly monkey?
Don't snap at me like that. You're lucky I don't punch you right in the face.
Don't snap at me like that. You're lucky I don't punch you right in the face.
I bet you want your head scratched.
I bet you want your head scratched.
Do you want me to pet your head?
Hey, where did you come from?
Hey, where did you come from?
You have beautiful eyes.
You have beautiful eyes.
Yes.
HARRY, can you hear me?
Good - thanks Lloyd! I'll meet you downstairs, I gotta find some clothes.
Okay, I saw this in a movie once. Open the dining room window and follow my lead. Say what I say.
She wants me to stay for dinner, I don't know what to say to her.
You're always your harshest critic.
I don't think so.
I'm sure you're overreacting.
I kinda screwed things up.
Just wanted to see how your doing.
Oh hey Lloyd, why are you here?
Alright, if you really want to go down this road, well girl's like chocolate.
Shut up!
It's really not up to you, Harry. But we just want you to feel like you're part of the decision.
You can't marry my mom.
Sure I do. On one condition.
Come on, Lloyd. You must know someone I can talk to.
You know... She's gonna be all over you like a barrel of monkeys, with her tight shirt and short skirt... Eeeww, it's so faggy I can't even talk about it.
Some what?
Oh yeah, buddy, you're gonna get "some".
I think she wants me to come over to put me into the right position to check out her delicates, what ever that means.
Who cares? Chicks are for fags.
Yea!
Sorry about that Harry, first time I've brought a friend up there. You okay?
Well, I could go for a tall glass of polar bear milk right now.
That's a cow, Harry.
I'm kidding! Of course I'll be your partner.
Oh. Sorry. You're right, field trip partner is a big commitment.
You and me? Dream on, desperado.
Well... Uh...maybe... jeez, how can I say this... you and I could...perhaps ...maybe...uh... partner up?
I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
Who's your partner?
Sucks for you.
Uh oh. Captain Rob's always been my partner.
Wanna bet?
Nope. I was right.
Duh. The cool kids sit in the back of the bus. Here, every row is in the back. We're all cool!
How do you know it's for us?
Our own special bus.
What?
Yeah, but we still haven't found any treasure.
According to the map, we're just about at school.
HARRY! Here he comes.
Oh... that makes much more sense. I had a heck of time getting these drapes from my mom. You don't want to know where I put the cord.
HARRY, I said don't 'dress like a Queen'!
...cause you said...
Sorry. Why are you dressed like a Queen!?
LLOYD, where've you been? I've been waiting forever. I'm so embarrassed.
What a nerd. I don't know where that girl's ever gonna find a husband.
There she goes, now wearing nothing but her underwear.
And my mouph is frozen.
Owww.
Put some ice on it.
My head is suddenly killing me. Maybe it's from all the learning today.
Maybe I should go home and grade papers. Owwww.
I don't know. Owwww.
Ow... What do you want to do, HARRY?
Owww... refreshing.
That's why you have to drink it fast, trust me.
These are really cold, huh?
HARRY, he can and he did. And now it's on like Donkey Kong.
Can he do that?
Oh! Ho! Okay. You wanna go?
You're it.
Oh, no. You're not gettin' me again.
You're it.
They can't be real.
Nice jugs.
And he invented fire.
A. Slushee. Don't tell me.  Abraham Slushee. Third president of the United States.
When you live in the basement of the school, you breathe in a lot of chalk dust. It writes out all the answers on your brain.  Now how about a slushee?
Hey, teach, how'd you get so smart?
Welcome to public school, my friend.
I didn't know that.
The pilgrim who used penicillin to kill Godzilla.
...and who was Benjamin Franklin again?
Don't look directly at him.
What's with horse-boy, now he's a bright shiny sun?
Okay. Anyone else have any questions?
No.
You look familiar. Did I have your brother?
HARRY.
Now you see why he was elected principal?
Collins is a great man!
Shut up Lloyd. You're not married yet.
That would be me, sir. The wife made stew last night.
Kids.
I learned it from listening to you! I hate you!
Where did you learn that word?
Shut Up! Buttlick!
You take that back!
You're not my real dad.
I will stop this car right now.
Shut up!
Don't use that tone with me, young man.
Will not.
I can't help my heart. And when I'm your dad, you'll have to do as I say.
LLOYD, she's my mom.
Who knows? Maybe someday I'll be your new daddy.
She did not.
Your mom made a move on me.
What?
Whoa. What was that?
A-ha! You landed on Candyland! Now swallow it!
If he heard you talking like that he'd make you walk the plank.  Three, two, one. Now it's your turn, spin.
Exactly! A pirate!
Yeah, go-cart accident.
Peg leg?
I don't think so. This guy drinks rum from a barrel, says "yo ho ho" has a peg leg...
Yeah, he's a pirate.
What? No no. He's got a parrot on his shoulder, buries treasure...
Sounds like a pirate.
No! Captain Rob is seven feet tall, wears an eye patch, got a hook for a hand...
I know the type. Lives in the basement, smells like a sponge...
Just a guy I hang out with.
Who's Captain Rob?
Oh, yeah. Well I almost always beat Captain Rob.
Go fish.
Got any crazy eights?
JESSICA? Please hold for my reaction.
Maybe we should ask Jessica to join the class.
Now that's more of what we're looking for.
Wow! It's a half-boy, half-horse. The boys walk up to him, impressed.
HARRY, what are you doing? She's a foreign exchange student. She doesn't speak the English.  CHING CHONG ching chingy chingy chong chong.
...oh also, we even have a slogan. 'S' and 'P' stands for 'Special People', which is the kind of kids we are. 'A' and 'Z' is for 'Aren't Zeros' because that is less then one, and when you put it all together it spells...
And nobody will make fun of your horrible deformity.
We're part of a special class taught by the lunch lady, er, I mean Ms. Heller. Maybe you'd like to join us, it doesn't require any walking.
You brave soldier.
One day they'll find a cure.
Oh, of course.
The second R is silent.
H A R R Y...
It'll be like taking candy from a stranger.
Sure, but first we have to find kids special, needy and classy enough to be in Special Needs.
Can we eat there tomorrow?
No, I just usually eat my lunch on the crapper. Saves time. Out with the old, in with the new.
Oh, is this your special place?
You know, you're the first person I've brought here.
Wow.
The principal.
Who's Principal Collins?
Shift to your left.
God, she's beautiful. My wiener's all tingly.
Yeah, he's aces.  Thanks, Turk!
Yeah, it's nice. And your friend TURK is totally great.
You know Harry, this is my favorite time of day.
Me too!
How nerdy is that? I'm wearing two pairs right now.
Oh my gosh, I don't think she's even wearing underwear!
No.
Well, besides cooties and other medical reasons, they're not in the cool crowd. Which I am, and you want to be. Know what I mean?
Why not?
No no no no no.
Don't we want them to talk to us?
Yeah, dangerous cult. Don't make eye contact or they might talk to you.
You're it.
What?
I don't know. I'm pretty familiar with the school and I've never seen that "X". But... I do know something.
My mom says the treasure's somewhere in the school.
Cool.
No, it's a treasure map.
Is that what I think it is?
I think it's just over there.
Me too!
I go to school where I live.
Home school? What's that?
Home school. Til today.
I haven't seen you around here before.
Here I am bragging my Mom is the tooth fairy, and I'm talking to Santa's kid!
No, that's not it. Anyway -  LLOYD Christmas.
Probably because we've never met.
No thanks, not hungry. Harry Dunne. Why does that name not sound familiar?
Yeah, she must do all the flying around when I'm asleep.  HARRY Dunne.
Your mom is the tooth fairy? That is so cool!
That's stupid! I happen to know my mom is the tooth fairy.
You could've saved that for the tooth fairy!
I wouldn't know. Being that I'm just the teacher and all.
Look Ms. Heller, there's something fishy here, and I don't think it's Friday's special.
I thought I told you to get lost.
You mean the lunch room?
Dietician! This interview is over. You can have the camera back tomorrow. Come by the classroom. Heller heads off.
Why are you teaching Special Needs? You're the lunch lady.
Oh, you're good.
Are you wearing a coconut bra?
No.
So can I come along?
Nevertheless, you could have mentioned the sauce.  Well, I see you have a camera.
Well, when 200 students are hospitalized with stomach cramps I think it's newsworthy.
I'm not interested. Not after the smear story you did on my chicken sushi.
MS. HELLER, mind if I tag along on your field trip? I'm thinking of doing a story on your special needs class.
Don't play with me dear, you're way out of your league.
THAT'S NOT YOUR TAPE.
Then where did you get this not my tape.
That's not your tape.
Well, what have we here? It appears be a tape.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm going to ask you one last time and if I don't get an answer, I don't even want to think about the consequences which would be frightening to say the least. Where's my chest, Jessica?
Not to expect you tonight.
So what did you say to my parents on the phone?
One phone call from the principal will take care of that, my dear.
My parents are going to wonder where I am.
Oh I think you do.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Poor question. Too wordy. A good question gets right to the point. Example, where's my chest?
Last year Toby was in A.P. English. And Lewis won the Science Fair. What are they doing in Special Needs?
You had some questions.
And, Ching Chong, you're not a Special Needs kid. You're just a foreign exchange student.
You're just jealous.
Being a jerk doesn't make you special.
Special Needs class.
TURK, what are you doing here?
TURK, leave him alone.  You're coming too.
TURK, leave him alone.
Principal of jail. Wow. What a promotion.
He's going to be in jail for a long time.
"My dream date with Principal Collins."
Don't worry about me, I'll be fine. I can take care of myself and I'm getting the story every high school reporter dreams of.
HARRY's treasure chest? Sure. I know where that is.
LLOYD, when we were in Principal Collins's office, did you see any kind of chest?
... If I may quote the twentieth century poet  - Joe Piscahpo:  You look Marvelous...
Looks like the best man won.
HARRY! Lloyd! You guys are a mess.
Thanks, Lloyd. But I didn't find what I was looking for. Oh can you do me a favor and clean up? Collins can't know we were here.
Boyfriend? What about all that talk about riding my waxer?
That's my boyfriend.
This is so embarrassing, it's never happened before. Well, maybe a couple of times, but I was alone.
No, it was a complete waste of time.
That was fast. Well, did you at least enjoy it?
That's it. I'm done.
Me too. I'm almost there.
I'm so close I can feel it.
Let's just do it and get out of here.
What are you doing?
So no small talk? Good, 'cause I don't know how to make that. Yep. Small talk. Not for me. Not a fan.  Got any hobbies? How 'bout this weather?
Uh, thanks. God I'm so excited! So, are you ready to take me to the principal's office? He whips out the key, she takes it.
Maybe it's this mix tape I made you. Or maybe these flowers. He gives Jessica the flowers and tape.
Well, something stinks.
Oh, go on.
Oh, baby, you're the bestest.
Tomorrow night?
So, when can we do it?
Principal's office? Yeah, I guess I can swing that.
So could you get us into the principal's office?
Come on, I live with the janitor. I have a key to every room in the school.
Where'd that come from? He holds up a giant key chain.
I know, you want go for a ride.
HARRY and I have been talking about school. In fact, I want to ask you something.
You know, "some". The fag stuff.
What?
Oh Harry's doing just fine, he's just about to open up.
Checking up on my friend, Harry.
What are you doing here?
Do you want me to pet your head?
Well I was born in St. Louis.
Don't answer me. Say what I say.
Yes, what?
This school's never had one before. I'd like to talk to you and all your special friends.
Why ith dat newth?
Oh no, I know that class isn't for me. But I'm happy for you guys.
If dou're trying to get in, dou're doo late.
HARRY, I heard Collins has you in some kind of special class.
I'll talk to you later.
Hey, Turk rescued you from the nerd. You're in!
What are you talking about?
So I'm an "arrrrrs-hole", eh Captain Rob?
Can you believe it?
You really are a pirate.
I don't know if you'd call us "friends"...
Oh my God, it's really you. You're HARRY's friend, right?
Duh. I'm in your class at school.
Do I know you?
You were born free and free you should remain.
Well I need to get a job and you're telling me that if I join up - I can really come and go whenever I want?
You can bring whatever you want, little friend.
Wait a minute. I can spend the whole year in a class taught by the lunch lady? Can I bring my girlfriend?
That's the downside. There is none.
How much homework is there?
Of course it does.  Obviously in denial.  Maybe we can help.
What? It's nothing, the cast comes off in six weeks.
Skateboard.
Hello, little orphan boy. What happened to you?
Uh-oh. Harry?
Fine. Give me the doll hairs.
Ha! I said "doll-hairs." Psych! But a deal's a deal, my friend. In you go.
Yeah, deal. Give me the two dollars.
Do we have a deal?
Okay.
Go in there and get us two slushees.
Sure.
It's too close to call.  Okay next contest, now lets...
How was that?
Oh yeah, give it to me.
You know I do!
Have you got what I want?
Oh honey, I wouldn't miss this for the world.
Mrs. D! I was hoping you'd show up.
Hey can be on top?
Hey you two. Lights out.
I liked it a lot.
It was meatloaf. You just put everything in your soup.
Well he missed a great pot of stew!
He passed away three years ago.
Thanks for the grub, Mrs. D. Where's Mr. D?
I reckon so.
So I guess you'll need a new spot for your moonshine.
My boy's special, well how about that. I knew you were different.
We're not crazy. We're "special". PRINCIPAL COLLINS wants us to have our own classroom!
What are you crazy kids doing in my tool shed?
Class, please study on your own. There seems to be a family emergency because there's no other reason why my father would interrupt me WHILE I'M WORKING!
LLOYD, may I see you a minute?
Thanks, Pop.
Senior year. My little boy. Who woulda thunk it?  You're a good kid, Lloyd. I don't say it enough, but I'm proud of you son.
So miss snoopy reporter girl, it appears that you've snooped yourself into a corner and snoopcuffed yourself to a desk. Whose wearing the Coconut bra now?
Obviously.
Or maybe crossing a river!
That's not bad. How about a float of George Washington crossing the Delaware?
People! Come on. "Parade" float.
Sorry, Ms. Heller. I think they're used to me teaching.
No.
Will that be on the midterm?
Your assignment is to pick the class. Find some other students just as special as you.
What the hell are you talking about?
Damn right I did it. Went back and set the house on fire, his little floozy testified in court - and I ended up doing ten years at Rikers, got my teeth knocked out by Mike the Dyke.
I think you did it.
No, it actually fit quite nicely.  Well, except for the fact that it wasn't really as long as it was wide.
Ha! Too big to make the turn!
You bet I left him, took the dog and we was history.
Left here! Left!
Oh, yeah he was straight all right, just wasn't very good in the sack. I used to give him directions. Higher, lower, faster, harder, small circles, do the alphabet. Useless.
That's great, now make a left, then straight!
Uh, no and I don't appreciate...turn down here!
He was a big loser! What are you deaf!?
What?
Loser... oh yeah he was a loser alright. A big loser.
Looking for a scoop, huh? I'll give you a scoop... of short bus.  Lose her!
Museum huh, haven't been there since my husband left me. I love art.
Let's go Margie. The museum ain't going to teach itself.
But we don't drink from the house do we.
I can turn on all the faucets in my house.  Even the hose.
Yes you are. 
I am strong!
Yeah, I get it. Don't worry I studied acting at the police academy just let me do the talking and you'll be fine.
Well you know Detective, he's expecting  'Moffit' to be someone who has... certain... well...
I don't think he'll smell anything - just make sure he takes the check. I've been through this a hundred times.
Collins can be a pretty crafty guy, what do I do if he smells the trap.
Sure you can. We gotta nail this guy. You'll be fine.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
No... no it's not horse, you see I sold the horse.
This is horse?
Well there's a reason why that mascot isn't a stallion anymore.
Love it!
I sold all the wind instruments.  Hawaiian Air, business class. And you like that new fur coat?
This band sounds terrible.
Yes. So as soon as Zimmer shows up, we'll get our check and blow this pop stand before anyone finds out anything.
So the chest is still out there somewhere.
Why don't you see to it the kids are ready for the parade tomorrow. I have to pay somebody a little visit.
Are you going to kill her?
Okay, I'll take care of Jessica.
She's been snooping around a lot, asking questions.
JESSICA. Are you sure?
It was Jessica. That girl who tried to follow me on the field trip.
No you don't know who stole it. Just let me do the thinking.
Wait a minute, I think I know who stole it.
I don't know where it is. It's not here. It's been stolen.
Where is it?
Sweetheart keep up with me for half a minute. The evidence of every scam we ever pulled. The evidence that's going to put us away for twenty years.
The evidence of what?
The documents. The photos! The tapes! The evidence.
What papers?
The chest! The chest that I put my papers in.
Baby, I'm going to spend the morning at the mall. You know, shop for Waikiki. Honey, what are you looking for?
Just like the President.
Oh, just like the President.
Everything. Just for the record.
Everything?
Oh, things. Photos. Tapes. I tape everything that goes on in this office.
So what do you keep in there?
Monkey, this is too exciting! I can't believe our dream is coming true.
No. No. I heard from Superintendent ZIMMER this morning and evidently he's so impressed with our Special Needs class, he's bringing Richard MOFFIT himself to the Thanksgiving Day parade- check in hand.
You got the Extender?
Well I've got a little surprise for you.
It's a surprise.
What?
Guess what"s under these coconuts.
Who's there?
Knock knock.
And you are great in bed.
Wow, you are smart.
And, take some more pictures.
And...?
So far so good. We'll need more pictures. Why don't you take them on a field trip tomorrow.
Yes!
To take a picture for Superintendent Zimmer?
I think you'll make a good teacher.
Times two.
Oh wow. Look at you.
Aloha means hello and goodbye.
You said "aloha" twice.
Maybe someday. Aloha cold weather, aloha hot weather.
We start our own class?
No. No. That's not it. We don't kill him. We don't kill anybody. But I like the way you're thinking. You're focused and you're trying to follow. No, what we need to do is start a fake Special Needs class.
Oh, this is fantastic. So all we have to do is kill this Moffit guy and we get all the money!
Anyway, the state is giving a hundred thousand dollars in his name to every school that has a Special Needs class.
Yes, it's the big potato. Just have a look at this.
It's the big potato.
Small potatoes. This one is big time. This is visionary. This idea is genius.
How baby-cakes? You've done it all.
You know honey, I've finally figured out a way of bilking enough money from the school to get us that condo in Waikiki.
And I you.
God, I've missed you.
Good. Good. Good. Well, that's good.
... and, Principal Collins, you'll be pleased to know that this year Wednesdays are "South of the Border" days. We'll serve a spicy tuna tamale along with a cheese quesadilla.
You killed the doctor too soon, you fool!
The ring?... he was brought to us as is, Baron.  I...
It was Feyd?  It was Feyd!  Where is the ducal signet ring?  I must have his ring.
I made my peace gesture... the forms of Kanly have been obeyed.
He wishes to inform you that Vendetta -- as he puts it, using the ancient tongue, the art of Kanly -- is still alive. He does not wish to meet or speak with you.
What does Leto say, Piter?
The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon, Baron, and I have here your answer from Duke Leto.
Piter.
My Lord!
Nothing.
What's that you're saying?
The carryall will come and lift off the spice harvester. Try and get in close over the harvester... you'll find this interesting Sire. -- The Duke accelerates the ornithopter in the direction of the harvester. Paul can SEE...
What happens now?
With your permission...
My thanks.
They are Fremen suits. I hope they fit well, my lord.
I understand we have you to thank for these stillsuits, Doctor.
This is my son, Paul.
I prefer the more ancient term, planetologist... Noble Born.
So you are Dr. Kynes, the Imperial Ecologist?
We are alone...
Yes, my Lord.
I am your Truthsayer, my lord...  He is here, my lord.
He will not permit anyone but me to see him. You must be outside this room.... Do what you can.
Forced spice evolution of humans changes many things.... I must sit close to him.
Yes?
Their minds are so.... They move in strange directions....
I shall want telepathy during his visit and a report when we're finished.
We felt his presence.
A Third Stage Guild Navigator will be here within minutes!
Do not interrupt!!! Do not speak lightly of the spice... ONE SMALL POINT...
I can assure you...
LISTEN TO ME!! The spice must flow... the spice has given me accelerated evolution for four thousand years... it has enabled you to live two hundred years... the spice helps make the sapho juice, which gives the red-lipped mentats the ability to be living computers... the secret side of spice... the water of life.
Can you hear me?... If this visit has anything to do with spice... -- The Guild Navigator shudders and swishes quite violently in his tank.
Yes.
So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides...
You must share with us. -- EMPEROR The Atreides house is building a secret army!... using a technique unknown to us... a technique involving sound. The Duke is becoming more popular in the Landsraad... he could threaten me.... I have ordered House Atreides to occupy Arrakis to mine the spice... thus replacing their enemies the Harkonnens.... House Atreides will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain. Then, at an appointed time Baron Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and launch a sneak attack on House Atreides... I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops.
Yes.
I see two Great Houses -- House Atreides, House Harkonnen -- feuding... I see you behind it.
Oh yes? -- NAVIGATOR Better than those on Richesse.. You are transparent... I see many things... I see plans within plans.
Many machines on Ix... new machines.
Yes?... How was your journey?
We have just folded space from Ix...
That's it... spice mining... no other cloud quite like it. See the spotters over it? They're watching for wormsign... the telltale sand waves. Seismic probes on the surface, too Sire... worms can travel too deep for their waves to show... Looks like a good patch of spice.
Dust cloud ahead, Sire.
It's a high-efficiency filter and heat exchange system. Perspiration passes through the first layer and is gathered in the second. The salt is separated. Breathing and walking provide the pumping action. The reclaimed water circulates to catchpockets from which you can drink through this tube at your neck. Urine and feces are processed in the thigh pads. Should you be in the open desert, remember to breathe in through your mouth, out through the nose tubes.
Yes, Sire.
Sire!
Basically...
The Duke is to be addresses as... -- Kynes comes forward and adjusts the Duke's suit, checking seals and pulling on straps.
Play out your little comedy while you can off-worlders...
I hope I made myself clear. You may call him "The Duke," "My lord," or "Sire." And there is a more ancient term you might keep in mind -- "Noble Born."
So, this is Leto the Just...
The Emperor's blade.
This is a Harkonnen animal.  Let me, please, my Lord.
Let him stand free!
My Lord?
Gurney... I see Thufir Hawat among the captives.  Let him stand free.
They said you were dead.  They said...
Don't you trust your own eyes.
Paul!!  Paul!!
You've no need of your weapons with me Gurney Halleck.
Yes. I sensed the play in you lad, but this can no longer be play. Tomorrow we leave for Arrakis! Arrakis is real. The Harkonnens are real.
Things have been so serious here lately.
If you'd fought one whit below your abilities I'd have scratched you a good one.
Would you really have drawn my blood?
We'd have joined each other in death. However, you did seem to finally get the "mood".
Good... the slow blade penetrates the shield... but look down.
Is this what you seek?
What's gotten into Gurney? He's not faking. Paul presses forward and the fight moves quickly around the room. The smell of ozone grows stronger as the shields hit and SPARK off one another. Paul directs a parry downwards, turns, and leads Gurney against the table, plunging at just the right moment to pin Gurney against the table top with his blade right at Gurney's neck.
Not sorry enough.
I'm sorry Gurney.
Not in the mood?! Mood's a thing for cattle and love play... not fighting.
Shield practice? Gurney... we had practice -- this morning..... I'm not in the mood.
No music. I'm packing this for the crossing. Shield practice.
I must do this for Paul, but what of my unborn child?
Death may be the result....  Are you sure?
They want me to take the Water of Life... the Truthsayer drug... so dangerous, yet... we must move swiftly if we're to secure our place among these Fremen.  I will try to pass within.
Sayyadina.  Our Reverend Mother tells me she is too old... She has been calling through space and time for you to come and let her rest.  She asks that you pass within.
Then I will teach you our way of battle....  you have the word bond of a Bene Gesserit.
Stop!  Get back!!  She has the weirding way.  Why didn't you tell us!  Great gods... if you can do this to the strongest of us you're worth ten times your weight of water.  As a leader of my people I give you my bond: teach us this weirding way and you both shall have sanctuary.  Your water shall mingle with our water.
I will take the boy-man... he shall have sanctuary in my tribe... -- A LOW NOTE on a dip stick is blown by one of the Fremen tribe.  Jessica shifts, Paul sees it, and just as Stilgar begins a reach for his weapon, Jessica turns, slashes out, utters a SOUND, whirls again and with rock behind her holds Stilgar helpless in front of her -- her hand at his throat. Paul moves on her first move.  He races up a rocky incline.
No, but many consider my training valuable.
Are you trained in the ways of the desert?
Perhaps these are the ones Mapes told us of.
My lady, when one has lived with prophecy for so long, the moment of revelation is a shock.
Maker?... Maker is the key word... the tooth of the worm? That was close...  Did you think that I, knowing the mysteries of the Great Mother, would not know the maker?
Here is why this Fremen has taken service with me, to ask that one question. Delay is as dangerous as the wrong answer. Shadout is Chakobsa... knife, in Chakobsa is... maker of death.  It's a maker...
Say it not lightly...  Do you know its meaning?
It could only be one thing....  It's a crysknife.
Do you know this my lady?
That's it! The Missionaria Protectiva has been here planting protective legends against a day of Bene Gesserit need. And that day has come. I must play out this sham.  I know the Dark things and the way of the Great Mother. Miseces prejin.
As the legend says.
I know the Bhotani Jib and Chakobsa, all the hunting languages.
You know the ancient tongues?
You saw a part of what the race needs in the beginning.  In time you perverted the truth.  You sought to control human breeding and intermix a select few according to a selfish master plan.  How little you understand.
Stop him yourself.
Yes...
Man-carved steps.
Someone started another thumper....  We're not alone.
What's happened?...  Why did it leave?
I know the secret.  The worm is the spice... the spice is the worm.
Yes...
Cinnamon... the spice!  Do you smell it?
I can't... I can't.
Run!
I'm ready.
Remember... walk without rhythm and we won't attract a worm... it'll go to the thumper.
 ...the night is a tunnel... a hole into tomorrow... if we're to have a tomorrow...
It's further than I thought... a worm is sure to come....  I'll plant a thumper, that should divert it. -- Paul moves off into the shadows.  Suddenly, Jessica SEES a burst of LIGHTNING illuminate the mountain of rock in the distant and the vast dunes before them.
You and your Bene Gesserit sisterhood... I'm not your Kwisatz Haderach...  I'm something different, something unexpected!  I'm a seed.  I am so much more...  You don't begin to know me...
He knows.
You carry my unborn sister in your womb!
Is he....?
The spice!  It's in everything here.  The air, the soil, the food...  It's like the Truthsayer drug.....  It's a poison!!!! You knew the spice would change me.  But thanks to your teachings it's changed my consciousness.  I can see it... I can see it.
Listen to me!... you wanted to know about my dreams... and I've just had a waking dream... do you know why?... -- JESSICA Calm yourself/
 Where are my feelings... I feel for no one...
A million deaths are not enough for Yueh...
The South Polar regions... the forbidden area.  We must make it to that rock...
Where are we do you think?
I can't maintain any altitude... we'll never reach the safety of rock.  Maybe that small rock.
Excellent!
Remove her gag!
Oh great mother!  He's trying the voice. The Reverend Mother said it could save him.
Don't touch my mother...
Paul... please, Paul... listen to the Reverend Mother and do what she tells you.
What does she fear?  What about my Father?
Your Reverence.
Paul, this is the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam. She is going to... observe you...  Please... -- REVEREND MOTHER Jessica, you know it must be done. I enjoin you to stand guard at the door and practice the meditation of peace.
You are about to witness something few have seen -- watch!  Watch!
Liet?
Bless the Maker and his water... Bless the coming and going of him.  May his passage cleanse the world.
Spice!... pure un-refined spice!
To protect their territory. Vibrations attract them. -- PAUL  I've registered him now... a knife is a sheath on his left arm... He's strong... a person born to command... He's hiding many things.  Is there a relationship between the worms and the spice?
Why do they come?
Always.
Always?
Where there is spice and spice mining there are always worms.
Will we see a worm?
That it is.  He shall know your ways as if born to them.
No one. It... seemed the proper way.
Your suit is fitted desert fashion. Who told you how to do that?
No.
You've worn a stillsuit before?
He's hiding something.
I am a servant of the His Majesty the Emperor. I have served His Majesty on Arrakis long enough for my eyes to change.
Are you a Fremen?
Long live the fighters!
Long live the fighters!
Too bad... thought they were Harkonnen.
We surprised a band of smugglers.
Usul... these are fifteen of our fiercest fighters to serve you as your guard... the Fedaykin.
My own name is a killing word.  Will it be a healing word as well?
The most lethal poison in the Universe.
The Water of Life.
Greater than treasure, Usul.  We have thousands of such caches.  Only a few of us know them all.  When we have enough... we shall change the face of Arrakis. Listen!...
Water on Arrakis!!! I have seen this place in a dream.  A treasure.
You are Paul Muad'dib, and your mother shall be a Sayyadina among us....  We welcome you.
Could I be known as Paul Muad'dib?
We call that one Muad'dib.
What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon?
You have strength... real strength... You shall be known as Usul, which is the strength of the base of the pillar.  This is your secret name in our troop.  But you must choose the name of manhood which we will call you openly.
SILENCE!
You mustn't speak of...
Stop him, Jessica!
Don't try your powers on me.  Try looking into that place where you dare not look. You'll find me there staring back at you!! You Bene Gesserit have waited ninety generations to produce the one person your schemes required.  Here I stand.  But... I will never be yours.
They tried and died.
Did they try and fail?
... Many men have tried.
MOTHER! Tell me!
What can be done has been done.
Well he isn't... and he won't die... Tell me he won't die!
I've heard enough of my safety... What about my father?... I heard you talking. You speak as if he was dead. Well, he isn't!
I sense your teachings in him. Ignore the regular order of training. His safety requires The Voice.
They tried and died....  Jessica!
Did they try and fail?
I have heard of it. -- REVEREND MOTHER It is very dangerous... very painful. The Bene Gesserit sisterhood drink it to see within.... There is a place terrifying to us... to women. It is said a man will come... the Kwisatz Haderach... he will go where we cannot... Many men have tried...
Do you know of the Water of Life?... the Truthsayer drug?
Where?
The person who can be many places at once... the one who bridges space and time.... He will look where we cannot.
What is it?
Perhaps you are the Kwisatz Haderach.
Not all of them... I know which ones will.
Your mother wants you to tell me about your dreams. I only want to know one thing.... Do they come true?
I see the truth of it. -- REVEREND MOTHER  Could he be the one?... Maybe... but will he be ours to control?  You know when people speak the truth?
Pain by nerve induction... A human can resist any pain. Our test is crisis and observation.
NO!! ENOUGH!! Kull wahad! No woman child ever withstood that much. I must have wanted you to fail. Take your hand out of the box and look at it, young human.... Do it!
THE PAIN!
You feel the flesh crisping?
 I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear... I will permit it to pass over me and through me. -- The Reverend Mother moves her face up to his. Her ancient face with its metal teeth gleaming inches away breathes hotly. She is smiling.
SILENCE... SILENCE.
It burns.
Let us say I suggest you may be human. Your awareness may be powerful enough to control your instincts. Your instincts will be to remove your hand from the box. If you do so you will die. You will feel an itching -- there... see? Now the itching becomes burning... heat, upon heat, upon heat.
Are you suggesting a Duke's son is an animal?
I hold at your neck the gom jabbar. Don't pull away or you'll feel that poison. A Duke's son must know about many poisons -- this one kills only animals.
The Voice again.
Pain.
What's in the box?
We have our new army.  Dr. Yueh, put the weirding module on him.
I know.  But if it is a trap then why are we going?
Now remember... the first step in avoiding a trap is knowing of its existence.
The Harkonnens are our enemies, yes... but behind them, I suspect, is the Emperor. -- THUFIR You will make a formidable Duke!
Many dangers exist on Arrakis. For one, we know the Harkonnens would not have given up their CHOAM company contract so easily.
My father sent you to test me. Music then?
Yes. Perhaps he would at that.
I'd know the difference.
Those sounds could be imitated.
I heard you, Dr. Yueh and Gurney coming down the hall.
Uh, Greetings.  I am the Count...
"Beg to differ?!"  Hey, I'm talkin' about my duplex in Burbank!
Uh, beg to differ.
Oh, tract housing, huh?  I guess I shouldn't complain about my duplex in Burbank.  What a dump. Some places have a Murphy bed, this place has a Murphy <u>shower</u>.  I still don't know where to hang the towels!
It is my home.
Say, that's a funny place to sleep.
Greetings.  I am Slick Slomopavitz, Seeker of Adventure.
Greetings.  I am the Count.
I predict we're lost.
Eddie, where are we?  We passed that carwash twenty minutes ago.
YES!  My father ran a mortuary -- it's an old habit!
No.
I can't believe this!  <u>I</u> sleep in coffins!
Yes.  There is nothing more comfortable.
So <u>you</u> sleep in coffins?!
No.  I never drink -- wine.
Bring me two more Beefeater martinis. Eddie will have another whiskey, Dagmar's a Rum-and-coke, Moustapha and King are chablis -- hey Bela, would you like a wine?
Ah, cheer up!   Don't lose heart over what happened tonight.  I predict that your next project will be an outstanding success!
It's a pleasure...
Mr. <u>Lugosi</u>!  It is an unparalleled privilege to meet you.  Allow me to introduce myself... I am CRISWELL!
No problem.  I know it by heart...
I just wish you coulda seen the movie.
Eddie, I want to thank you.  These last few days have been a good time.
I know none of <u>my</u> wives would've.
Yeah, she's really somethin'.
I envied him.  Hell, I envied you too, having a girlfriend that would jump in front of a car like that.
Did you see that kid grab Vampira's tits?
Last night was quite a romp.
Has anyone ever been to Downey?
Sorry...
Perfect.
Eddie, how was I?
And, cut...
That's great.  Let's do a take.
Okay.  But what if I'm not in <u>too</u> big a hurry?  What if I take a moment to slow down and savor the beauty of life?  To smell a flower?
Uh... you're a very important and respected man.  You're leaving your house... and you're in a hurry to a big social event.
Oh.  So what is the scene about?
No, this is just the second unit. We'll do the main footage later.
So Eddie, don't we need a sound crew?
Soon, Bela... Soon.
Eddie, I wanna make another picture. When are we gonna make another picture?
No, you look good.  And the tests came back fine.  C'mon...
Really?  I don't feel so great.
I've got some good news.  The doctor says you're all better.  You can come home.
Fine.  Let them!  There is no such thing as bad press.  A man from New York even said he's putting me on the front page!  First celebrity to ever check into rehab.  When I get out of here, I will be healthy.  Strong!  I will be primed for my comeback!
Bela, they're parasites!  They just want to exploit you.
Isn't it wonderful?  After all these years, the press is showing an interest again in Bela Lugosi.
What happened?!
Don't worry.  Everything's gonna be all right.
I'm sorry, Eddie.  I'm so sorry.
Don't worry.
Formaldehyde.
Bela, I'm on your side.  C'mon, give me the gun...  If you give me the gun, I'll make you a drink.  What are you drinking?
It'll be wonderful.  We'll be at peace.  In the afterlife, you don't have to worry about finding work.
Buddy, I don't know if that's such a good idea.
I'm obsolete.  I have nothing to live for.  Tonight, I should die.  And you should come with me.
Don't you have any savings?
Eddie, I received a letter from the government.  They're cutting off my unemployment.  That's all I've got. Without it, I can't pay the rent...
Jesus Christ, what an evening.  What happened?
I was thinking about killing myself.
What are you doing?
Norma.  She changed her mind.  She doesn't wanna marry me.  Can you put down the gun?
Why aren't you on your honeymoon? Where's Myrna?
Shit!  Bela, what's with the gun?
Why are you here??
I know it's a lot to give you at the last second.
Eddie, this is quite a scene.
I wrote something special for you. I got to thinking about all the sacrifices you've made... and so I wrote you a new final speech.
Well, there aren't too many other fellas I'd do it for...
No.  Seriously.  I want you to know how much I appreciate what you've done for me.  A great man like you shouldn't have to run around in freezing water at four in the morning.
That's fine, Eddie.  All in the line of duty.
Bela.  I just wanna thank you again for last night.
Alright!  Let's put it on film. CAMERA!  SOUND!
Don't let me slow you down.
Bela, I've got twenty-five scenes to shoot tonight.
After I did "Dracula," the studio offered me "Frankenstein"!  But I turned it down, the part wasn't sexy enough.  It was too degrading for a big star like me.
Huh?
Do you know I turned down "Frankenstein"?
Bela, somebody misplaced the motor. So when you wrestle the octopus, shake the legs a bit, to make it look like it's killing you.
Okay!  How do we turn this thing on?
Fuck you!  <u>You</u> come out here.  Hey, toss me that J.D.
Once you're in it, it warms up.
Goddamn, it's cold!
Oh, for Christ's sake.
This'll look a lot better.  We have to match the stock footage of the octopus underwater.
Out <u>there</u>?!  What happened to the stream?
You'll be fighting with the octopus.
Let's shoot this fucker!  Where do I go?
Nonsense!  You look great --  Look, uh, why don't you lie down and take a little nap?  We'll film around you for a while.
Eddie, I'm so tired... I don't know if I can handle a night shoot...
Correct.  So instead, I stayed here, waiting for my comeback.  Always hoping... the next film, the next film... that would be the one.
But maybe not.
I didn't know if it was a trick. They might arrest me and throw me in a gulag.  I am Hungary's most famous emigrant. they'd use me as a lesson to anyone who tries to leave.
So why didn't you do it?
It was a very impressive offer. Fancy offices, a big home... I'd be treated like a king.
Really?
In life, the decisions that haunt you are the ones where you just don't know... where right or wrong will never be answered.  Years ago, the Hungarians contacted me.  The government wanted me to come home, to be Minister of Culture.
Yeah, I did.
Eddie, you screwed up.
But was it a bad decision?  At the time, I thought her money would save the movie.
Bad decisions are easy to live with. Forget.  Just keep looking forward.
Was I wrong to cast Loretta?
This is the Philosophical Research Society.  A refuge for free thinkers. I've been coming here for twenty years.
What is this place?
Stop worrying.  This is going to raise your spirits.
Bela, I don't know what I'm doin' anymore...
"Dear, you're lovely."  "Strap her to the table."
That's fine, Bela.  We're still rolling.  Just say "Dear, you're lovely."
"Dear, you are a woman of super strength and beauty.  A lovely vision of exquisitely beauty -- shit!"  Damn!  Eddie, I'm sorry I can't remember all this.  I'm an old man. It's too long.
Okay.  Then you'll be sitting on the <u>left</u>.
I'm not getting near that goddamn thing.  One of those burned me on "The Return Of Chandu."
You'll be sitting on the right.
You're shooting "Bride Of The Atom." Scene 85.
Mmph?  Where am I?
Bela, are you ready?
We didn't make a dime.
So how'd we do?
Goodbye!  Goodbye!
Forget about it.  We'll make our new movie, and you'll be a star again.
I never said I could ad-lib...
Bela, don't worry.  You're better than all this crap.
Ach!  How do they expect a Hungarian to pronounce this dialogue?  This live television is madness!
No Bela, that's "incorporates."  Look, just say "This casket has..."
"Beg to differ.  This casket incarpratates, er, inporporates --"
"Oh, tract housing, huh?"  Laugh. "You need a new real estate agent."
"It is my home."
"Greetings.  I am Slick Slomopavitz, Seeker of Adventure." Audience laughs.  Applause.  "Say, that's a funny place to sleep."
"Greetings.  I am the Count."
Don't worry.  I'll do something.
Morphine, with a demerol chaser.  Eddie, I'm so broke.  I don't know what I'm gonna do...
What's in the needle?
I don't know how to make goulash.
Goulash.
Is there anything I can get you? Water?  A blanket?
Nah.  This happens all the time...
Should I call a doctor?
No hospital.  Just take me to the couch...
Let me take you to the hospital.
I didn't feel well...
Bela, what happened?!
I gotta type this up, while it's still fresh!
Ah!  This is very exciting.
No!  <u>Doctor Acula</u>!  You can still wear the cape, have the fangs... but you're a doctor!  Not a count.
Dracula?
Ha-ha!  Dr. Acula!
They do?  Shoot.  There <u>must</u> be a way to get around that...
We can't.  Those sons-a-bitches control the rights.
So let's make another "Dracula." Let's make "The Return of Dracula"!
Those bastards at Universal.  I made so much money for them, and now I can't get the time of day.
Of course!
Hmm... my biggest hit?  That would probably be "Dracula."
But we need to start off with a bang! Something we <u>know</u> the audience will want to see.  Mmm.  What was your biggest hit?
That's good.  I could use the money.
Sure.  Romance, that's great!  To engineer your comeback, we're gonna need a whole slate of pictures.  Once "Glen Or Glenda" takes off, we'll slam you into one, then another, then another!
Well... can't I play the romantic part?  I'm tired of always being the bad guy.  You know, back in Hungary, I played Romeo!  I would like to be the lover again -- me, in a boat, with the girl...
Uh, a cop.  NO!  You play the father. He's <u>angry</u>!  He doesn't like seeing his son -- no -- he doesn't like seeing his <u>daughter</u> behave this way!
Who do I play?
Eh, forget it.  What else is big?  Teenagers!  Jailbait pics!  Yeah... You got the juvenile delinquent, his girlfriend from the wrong side of the tracks --
But, I don't like horses.  Do I have to get on one?
How 'bout a western?  People love westerns.
BULLSHIT!  I am ready now!  Roll the camera!!
Look, you seem a little agitated. Do you maybe wanna take a little break, go for a nice walk... and then we'll come back and shoot the scene?
Of course!  Dracula requires <u>presence</u>.  It's all in the voice, and the eyes, and the hand --
You're right, Bela.  Now Dracula, <u>that's</u> a part that takes acting.
Huh?!  Oh yeah, of course.
Uh, Eddie, do you have my money?
Of course!  Well, we got a big day planned for you... First, we're gonna start off a little easy, with you in that armchair over there.  Then, once you're up to speed and cooking, we'll reset and bring out the laboratory equipment --
I am always on time.
Bela! It's so great to see you!  And eight o'clock on the dot.  Right on time!
Yeah.  You pull the strings --  "Pull the strings"... hey, that's pretty good!
Ah, so I pull the strings!
Well... you control everyone's fate. You're like the puppetmaster.
I don't understand.
Ehh, your part's a little different. You're like the God that looks down on all the characters, and oversees everything.
Oh, like Jekyll and Hyde!  Ah, I've always wanted to play Jekyll and Hyde!  I'm looking forward to this production.
Well, It's about how people have two personalities.  The side they show to the world, and then the secret person they hide inside.
Eddie, what kind of movie is this?
Yeah, it's gonna be a great picture! You'll love your character!  Bunny, Bela's here.  Look, hit the bars, work some parties, and get me transvestites!  <u>I need transvestites</u>!
Eddie, you got a new movie for me?!
Don't worry.  I do it every Halloween.
Are you sure this is okay?
No thank you, Eddie.  I'll be alright.
Do you want me to get it for you?
I am getting tired.  I need to take my medicine.
You must be double-jointed, and you must be Hungarian.  Vampira, look at me!  Stare into my eyes.
Hey Bela, how do you do that?
Vampira!  You will come under my spell!  You will be my slave of love.
I think she's a honey.  Look at those jugs.
Ugh!  I hate the way she interrupts the pictures.  She doesn't show 'em the proper respect.
Certainly.  But now the children of the night are calling me.
Well... I guess I should go.  Perhaps we could get together again?
Shh!  I'm coming!  I will feed you!
Take my word for it.  You want to "score" with a young lady, you take her to see "Dracula."
I never thought of that.
The pure horror, it both repels and attracts them.  Because in their collective unconsciousness, they have the agony of childbirth.  The blood. The blood is horror.
The <u>women</u>?
They were <u>mythic</u>.  They had a poetry to them.  And you know what else?  The women prefer the traditional monsters.
The old ones were much spookier. They had castles, full moons...
They don't want the classic horror films anymore.  Today, it's all giant bugs, giant spiders, giant grasshoppers -- who would believe such nonsense!
No more.  I haven't worked in four years.  This town, it chews you up, then spits you out.  I'm just an ex-bogeyman.  Make a right.
But you're a big star!
Back in the old days, yes.  But now -- no one give two fucks for Bela.
Ah, you gotta be jokin'!  A great man like you... I'll bet you have dozens of 'em lined up.
I have no next picture.
Boy, Mr. Lugosi, you must lead such an exciting life.  When is your next picture coming out?
I refuse to drive in this country. Too many madmen.
Don't you bave a car?
Oh, there's my bus.  Shit, where's my transfer?!
I apologize.  When I play Dracula, I put myself into a trance.  It takes me much time to re-emerge.
I waited to get your autograph, but you never came outside.
Thank you.
I thought it was great.  You were much scarier in real life than you were in the movie.
Eh, that was a terrible production. Renfield was a drunk!
You know, I saw you perform "Dracula."  In Poughkeepsie, in 1938.
Yes.  I'm embarking on another bus- andtruck tour of "Dracula." Twelve cities in ten days, if that's conceivable.
Really?
Because I'm planning on dying soon.
Why were you buying a coffin?
Ha!
I don't want anything.  I'm just a really big, big fan.  I've seen all your movies.
Who are you?  What do you want?
Huh?
No.  I don't work here.
I told you, I don't want any of your goddamn coffins.
Excuse me, Mr. Lugosi??
If you say so.
You mean a Tesla coil?
This is gonna be Bela's laboratory, so it should be real impressive! Like one of those mad scientist movies.  I want beakers, and test tubes, and one of those electrical things that buzzes!
Ssh!  He's so big!  He's a <u>monster</u>! Can you imagine what that guy would be like in a movie?
And once I'm a woman, Jean-Claude and I are getting married --
I've never seen anything like him!
Yes!  I've dreamed of it for years, but your movie made me realize I've got to take action.  GOODBYE, PENIS!
Jesus!  Are you serious?
WRONG!  I'm getting my first series of hormone shots!  And once those babies kick in, they're gonna remove my organs, and MAKE ME A WOMAN!
I dunno.  Lie on the beach?
Mexico!  And guess what I'm going to do there?!
I don't know.  Where?
So guess where I'm going next weekend?
No, it's fine.  It's real!  In actuality, Lobo would struggle with that problem every day.
Hey Ed, shouldn't we do another take? Big Baldy kinda got stuck in the doorway.
I mean I can't see the difference. I'm color-blind.  But I like the dark gray one.
What do you mean?
Which one <u>is</u> the red one?
Sound!
Rolling.
Um, okay... roll camera
What's to protect?  It was perfect!
Don't you want a second take, for protection?
And, CUT!  PRINT IT!  LET'S MOVE ON!
Rolling.
PLACES, EVERYONE!  ROLL CAMERA!
NO!  It has to be UNDERWATER!
This is kind of a stream--
You don't understand!  The octopus is supposed to live in a <u>lake</u>!
You <u>can't sit</u>!  You gotta walk around, with good posture.  You want these people to think we have class. Otherwise they'll <u>never</u> invest in our movie.
These shoes are itchy.
What do you think you're doin'?!
Nothin'!  I told him he was great.
What happened?!  Jesus, Connie, what did you do?
Absolutely!  It's just the beginning. I promise this: If we stick together, one day I'll make every single one of you famous.
You really think so?
This is the big moment...!
I got the early edition!  It was just dropped off at the newsstand.
Yeah.  It seems a little crazy, but sometimes <u>you just know</u>.  She's perfect for me.
Edward, are you sure you know what you're doing?
I told you, the octopus is made of rubber.  This is a piece o' cake.
Incidentally, you <u>promise</u> you're not going to scratch my car...?
My pleasure.  I'm always happy to assist in a little larceny.
Cris, you made it.  Thanks a lot.
Bravo!  Bravo!  Magnifico!
Eddie, we're in show biz!  It's all about razzle-dazzle.  Appearances. If you dress nice and talk well, people will swallow anything.
It's that easy?
There's no such thing as a psychic. People believe my folderol because I wear a turban and a black tuxedo.
I made it up.  It's horseshit!
I don't understand.
I guessed.
Hey Cris, how'd you know we'd be living on Mars by 1970?  How'd you know it wouldn't be 1975, or even 1980?
I'm Criswell.  I know all.
H-how'd you know?!
Ah.  The director of "Glen Or Glenda."
Edward Wood, Sir.
And who may you be?
Wow.
Look, he doesn't have any money... but I'll give you everything I've got.  I have a few hundred dollars.
No.  They say his eligibility ran out years ago.
Isn't he?
We thought Mr. Lugosi was insured though the Screen Actors Guild.
We'll do our best.
Will he be okay?
Well... there's a lot of junk in his system for such an old man. Apparently, he was addicted to morphine, tried to kick it, and got re-addicted to methadone.
Excuse me.  Doctor?  I'm with Mr. Lugosi.  How is he?
Ed... I just stuck it out so you could finish your movie.  Now that it's done, so am I.
But you used to say --
I'm tired of living on the fringe.
Did you really mean those things you said..?
Ed, it's over.  I need a normal life.
Dolores, wait!
Dolores, I got five days to shoot this movie.  Quit kidding around.
But what's our relationship?  Are we good friends, or is she just a casual acquaintance?
Oh.  Er... well you're the file clerk.  You're hurrying into the next room, when you bump into Janet.
Eddie, what's <u>my</u> motivation?
Hey, <u>the movie's getting made</u>. That's the main thing.
Wood Productions.  The mark of quality.
None.  But his dad gave me fifty grand.
Oh really?  How much money did he put up?
That's Tony McCoy.  He's playing Lieutenant Dick Craig.
I see the usual gang of misfits and dope addicts are here.  Say, who's the lug?
That's right...
Of course I'm here.  Today is the file clerk's big scene.
Honey, you made it! I wasn't sure you got my message.
Does she have room for me?
I'm going to my mother's.
So WHAT??  Look, we gotta figure out where we're gonna stay.
You're a fuckin' mess.
<u>I didn't dump you</u>!  Get it through your skull -- I just recast the part!
That's a good reason to dump your girlfriend.
Look, how many times can I say I'm sorry?  I blew it!  I thought she was rich.
That's moronic.  Why would a bit player impress a backer?
Maybe if you'd come to the backers party, I would've gotten the money.
I told you this was gonna happen.
Goddamn landlord.
The secretary.  Or the file clerk.
Like <u>what</u>?!
But there's plenty of other parts.
I wanted you to say, "No!  I wrote the part for my girlfriend Dolores."
I'm sorry!  What did you want me to say?
Who do you think's been paying the rent?!  Who helped type your script, and did all your grunt work?!
It was the only way I could get the movie made!
All I know is, ever since "Glen Or Glenda," all you do is booze it up and wear my clothes!
Dolores, don't you understand?  I'm a director now!  I made "Glen Or Glenda."  Directing <u>is</u> my day job.
Don't get angry at me.  Maybe you just need a day job.
That's the problem!  <u>Nobody</u> cares about my movie!  I'm tryin' so hard, I don't know what else to do!
Ed, the landlord doesn't care.
Tell him "Bride" is in pre- production.
Ed, the landlord called again.  He wants his money.
Well maybe you're not studio kind of material.  Maybe you just need to raise the money yourself.
All I wanna do is tell stories.  The things I find interesting...
That's ridiculous.
Bela needs a job... I can't even get a film going...  But <u>of course</u> I can't -- I made the worst movie of all time.
Ed, it's just one man's opinion!
I'm no good.
Exactly.
Toss us out on our ass.
Look on the bright side.  If we miss the rent, what's the worst they can do?
But <u>you</u> do!  And anyway, I've got tons of new scripts.  And now that I have a track record, studios are bound to hire me!
But Ed, we're not even married.  And you don't have a job.
Who cares?!  We're on a ROLL!  These are the moments in life you're supposed to grab.
I don't know.  It's so much money...
From today on, our lives are different!  We'll be swimming laps in the same pool Jean Harlow did.
Some weirdo who likes to wear dresses.
Ed, who is Daniel Davis?
Say it a little louder.  I don't think Bela heard you in his trailer.
Ed, this isn't the real world! You've surrounded yourself with WEIRDOS!
Hon', nobody's bothered but you.  Look around -- they couldn't care less.
How can you just walk around like that, in front of all these people?
Oh, just like in the script!
It takes me comfortable.
<u>That's not the issue</u>!!  Ugh!  How can you act so casual, when you're dressed like that?!
It's a damn good role.
Oh!  You got nerve, buddy.
Of course it is.  And that's why you should play the part.
And what about this so-called "Barbara" character?  It's obviously ME!  I'm so embarrassed!  This is <u>our</u> <u>life</u>!
What, by putting it in a fuckin' script, for everyone to see?!  What kind of sick mind would operate like that?
This is my way of telling you --
Jesus Christ!  And you never told me?
Since I was a kid.  My mom wanted a girl, so she used to dress me in girlie clothing.  It just kinda became a habit.
How long have you been doing this?
Well, I'd really like to know what you think.  Why don't you go in the bedroom and take a look at it?  I'll Wait...
Ed, I'm so proud!  I'll read it as soon as I get home.
So did you get his autograph?
It's a shame.  He's such a rest actor, and nobody uses him anymore.
Boy, I can't even remember the last time he was in a picture.
No!  He's very alive.  Well... sort of.  He's old, and frail -- but he's still Bela Lugosi!  And he's really nice.
I thought he was dead.
Oh, the hell with you.  I met BELA LUGOSI!
You met Basil Rathbone!
Close!  The <u>other</u> one!
Boris Karloff!?
No!  A horror movie star!
Who?  Robert Taylor?!
Yeah!  I met a movie star!  Somebody <u>really big</u>!
Better than not getting a job?
Huh?!  Oh, uh, no, I didn't get the job. But something <u>better</u> happened!
You got the job?!!
Sweetie, you won't believe it!  I've got the most incredible news!
Aw, er, it's just a bunch of hot air. I had to say something to get in the door.
Eddie, I don't understand.  Why are <u>you</u> the most qualified director for the Christine Jorgensen Story?
I know... But sometimes I get scared this is as good as it's gonna get...
Ed, you're still young.  This is the part of your life when you're <u>supposed</u> to be struggling.
Orson Welles was 26 when he made "Citizen Kane."  I'm already 30!
Ed, it was only one review.
Honey, what if I'm wrong?  What if I just don't have it?
The ghost can be barefoot.  <u>Give</u> <u>me your shoes</u>!
What?
Dolores, give me your shoes.
You misunderstood.  I gave you everything I have in the world: Three-hundred dollars.
The other sixty-thousand you said you'd give me.
What other sixty-thousand?
Yeah.  Well I need the other sixty-thousand.
What are you looking at me like that for?  I already gave you my three hundred.
I kinda need it now.
Yeah.  Exactly!
Well then you should pay him, shouldn't you?
Sorry to bother you while we're shooting, but the guy who owns the stage needs his money.
I don't know.  Hey Bill, which dress is better for you, the green or the red one?
Eddie, which dress do you like better?
Hmm.  Those sound kind of small.  Oh, here's one that looks good: Janet Lawton.  I'd sure like to play her.
Oh, of course!!  There's a couple characters you'd be perfect for: The secretary at the newspaper office, or the file clerk!
Oh my, this is very interesting.  Say... do you think it would be possible for me to maybe play one of these parts?
Perhaps you'd like to look at the photoplay.
That's all??  That seems very reasonable for an entire picture.
For this one, we need $60,000.
Perhaps a small amount of money.  How much do one of your motion pictures cost?
So my associate Mr. Marco tells me you may be interested in investing in a motion picture.
Yes.  Hollywood is oh so exciting.
I understand you just moved here?
Pleased to meet you.  I'm Loretta King.
Well, uh, if I could I would...
He's so great, <u>you</u> hire him.
That's not true --
Yeah?  Well now he's a junkie.  He don't deserve to work.
No he's not!  Do you realize how much money he made for this studio over the years?  "Dracula"!  "The Raven"! "The Black Cat"!
He's a <u>bum</u>.
Sure thing, Mr. Kravitz.
Hey big shot, get off your ass.  They need a potted palm over in the Carl Laemmle Building.
Ah!  Atomic Age stuff, huh?  I like it.  I'll tell you what, Mr. Ward.  Why don't you leave those film cans, and my associates and I will take a look at your little opus.  Maybe we can do business together.
Well... I've got another project I wasn't gonna tell you about. Lugosi's in it, but he's got a smaller part.  The lead is an ingenue, a sterling young actress named Dolores Fuller.  The title is "Bride Of The Atom."
Lugosi's washed-up.  What else you got?
But Bela Lugosi's in it!
Oh, "Dr. Acula."  I get it.  I don't like it.
<u>Dr. Acula</u>!
Doctor Acula?  I don't get it.
Well, Mr. Feldman, I don't believe in thinking small.  So I've got a whole slate of pictures for you: "The Vampire's Tomb," "The Ghoul Goes West"... and "Doctor Acula"!
I can't wait to take a look.  So what's up next?
Nobody in town has seen it, so I'm givin' you first crack at my talents.
Screen Classics?  Hmm, don't know them.
I just made this picture, over at Screen Classics.  It opens next week.
Really?!  Well good for you.
Well, Mr. Feldman, some people have resumes to show.  I've got my own movie.
So what are you bringing me?  Looks like you got some film cans.
Wood?  Ward?  Wood.  Hey, what do you know.  It <u>is</u> Wood. Dang secretaries, you can never get a good one.  Right?
It's Wood.  Ed Wood.
Mr. Ward, it's a delight to meet you.
We are gonna finish this film <u>just</u> <u>the way I want it</u>!  Because you can't compromise an artist's vision!
Yes?
Mr. Reynolds!
Oh, you wanna talk about the "big picture"?!  How 'bout that the policemen arrive in the daylight, but now it's suddenly night???
People won't notice.  Filmmaking isn't about picky details -- it's about the big picture.
That cardboard headstone tipped over. This graveyard is obviously phony!
I like to think so.
"Perfect"?  Mr. Wood, do you know <u>anything</u> about the art of film production?!
And PERFECT.  CUT!
Look, Lugosi is dead and Vampira won't talk.   Ihad to give <u>somebody</u> the dialogue.
What'd you give him all the lines for??  He's unintelligible!
It's plenty!  It's the acorn that will grow a great oak.  I'll just find a double to finish his scenes, and we'll release it as "Bela Lugosi's Final Film"
Just, it doesn't look like very much.
Yes, but I've got the last footage he ever shot!
<u>Lugosi</u>??!  Didn't be pass on?
Yeah, well we've GOT a big star! Bela Lugosi!!
Um, I understand that this science friction is popular -- but don't the big hits always have big stars?
It's a guaranteed blockbuster!
I don't know... this is all a lot to absorb.
From outer space!  It's science- fiction.  <u>Very</u> big with the kids! If you make this picture, you'll have enough money to finance a HUNDRED religious films!  <u>And</u> pay my back rent from the profits.
Graverobbers from <u>what</u>??
"Graverobbers From Outer Space"! It's <u>money in the bank</u>.
Absolutely!  You see this script..?
Would that work?
Okay -- you know what you do?  You produce a film in a commercially proven genre.  And after it's a hit, you take the profits from <u>that</u>, and make the twelve Apostles' movies.
Oh!  Our church has the money for one film.  We just don't have it for all twelve...
Raising money is tough.
<u>I'm</u> interested in the picture business.  My associates and I wish to produce a series of uplifting religious films, on the Apostles. But unfortunately, we don't have enough money.
You could say that --
Hmm, so you're in the picture business?
I'm real sorry.  My stockbroker must have transferred the wrong account... C'mon in, I'll write you another one.
Mr. Wood, you have bounced your third and final rent check.
Yeah...?
Mr. Wood, this is Mr. Reynolds, your landlord.  Could you please open up?
Hruphh...?
Mr. Wood?!
We're escaping!
What is happening?
Don't worry.  We're almost there.
My eyes are killink me.
Forget her!  Move on.  A good lookink boy like you as you can have any girl you wish.
But I thought me and Dolores had something.
My friend, you tink Greta is first woman I ever see?  No!  Many duds, before I find her.
Nonsense!  You must try our hot glug.
Tor, I should be getting home.
Don't worry.  You just haven't met right woman yet.  Oopsy.  That cabbage goes right through me.
I'd be happy too, if I had such a great family.
The food will make you feel bedder. Look at me -- I'm da happiest guy I know!
Uh, I don't have much of an appetite lately.
Hey!  You're not eatink.
Okey-dokey.
Here's the scene.  Loretta, you're in a trance.  You glide in and get on the operating table.  Now Tor, you're supposed to tie her down.  But you have an angora fetish... and when you rub that swatch of angora, it makes you refuse so Bela has to discipline you.
But Greta say --
Tor, dialogue is overrated.  You look at the classic film actors, who are they?  Fairbanks.  Chaplin.  They didn't talk!  They did it all with their face.
Bela, he talk.  Loretta, she talk. But Tor, he no talk.
But Tor, it's a starring part! You're second billed.
No.  She tink Lobo is waste of my time.  Lobo don't talk.
Really?  Was the third act too intense?
Edvard!   I haf question 'bout script. My vife Greta, she read.  And she no like.
Hopefully, very soon.  I'm just awaiting the final okay from Mr. Feldman at MGM.
I like.  When do movie shoot?
So anyway, I've got this new script, "Bride Of The Atom," and there's a part you're ideal for: "Lobo."  He's tough.  A brute.  But he has a heart -- and at the end he saves the girl.
Nah, that doesn't matter!  It's a visual medium.
But what bout accent?  Some people tink I haf too much accent.
Well, I think you'd be a sensation in pictures.
No.  With hair, yah.  But I must shave head for wrestlink.  It scare da crowds.  Dey like that.
I think you're quite handsome.
Mm, not good-lookink enough.
Tor.  Have you ever thought about becoming an actor?
Tor!
So, Mr. Johnson --
Oh, of course!
Could we moovf to table?
Da pleasure be mine.
Glad you could fit me in your schedule.
It is when it works.  You know the one film of mine I can stand to watch?  "Kane."  The studio hated it... but they didn't get to touch a frame.  Ed, visions are worth fighting for. Why spend your life making someone else's dreams?
Mr. Welles, is it all worth it?
Tell me about it.  I'm supposed to do a thriller at Universal, and they want Charlton Heston to play a <u>Mexican</u>!
And they always want to cast their buddies -- it doesn't even <u>matter</u> if they're right for the part!
Ugh, I hate when that happens.
Ain't that the truth!  I've even bad producers recut my movies --
It's the damn money men.  You never know who's a windbag, and who's got the goods.  And then they all think <u>they're</u> a director...
I can't believe it.  These sound like <u>my</u> problems!
Eh, the financing just fell through for the third time on "Don Quixote." So I'm trying to finish a promo for something else.  But I can't find the soundtrack --  I think I left it in Malta.
Oh.  Um, I'm Ed Wood!  So, what are you working on now?
My pleasure.  I'm Orson Welles.
Uh, uh, I'm a young filmmaker, and a really big fan... and I just wanted to meet you.
Yes?
Excuse me, Sir...?
"Your movie"?!  I wish it was your movie!  I wish I hadn't blown every dime I ever made into this stinkbomb. If I ever see you again, I'll kill you!!!
You can't talk that way about my movie.
Screw you, Wood!  I even sunk more money into different titles: "Transvestite" "He Or She?" "I Led Two Lives"... It DOESN'T MATTER! Nobody wants to see the piece of shit.
Maybe it needs special handling.
Because I can't sell it to save my life!  You made a goddamn feathered fish.  Is it an art film, a horror show, a hygiene flick?  Nobody knows! I'm beggin' people to book it.
Why not??
"Where's the ads"?!  The ads are in Alabama, Indiana, and Missouri!  You schmuck, it ain't gonna play L.A.!
I did.  I established some tits and ass.
Georgie, what's with the stag footage??  You said you were cutting in <u>establishing shots</u>!
Yeah??  Well Orson Welles didn't wear angora sweaters, did he??!
But I'm proud.  I wrote, directed, and starred in it just like Orson Welles in "Citizen Kane"!
And you did a bang-up job, too.  But you don't want other producers to know that's you in drag.  Trust me. It's a career killer.
Why?!  I did all those things!  Hell, I even built the props.
Good.  And one more thing.  I think your "Written, Directed, and Starring Ed Wood" credit is a bad idea.
Um, I guess --
They'll notice.  Look, why don't you let me take over from here?  I can do a few tricks: Pad it out with more stock footage, add establishing shots...
Gee, I used every frame of film we shot.  Maybe they won't notice.
Ed, what was the one thing I asked you to do?  Make it <u>seven reels long</u>. I've got contracts with my exhibitors.  If it ain't over an hour, they won't play it.
Yeah?  Whatever.  So did you like it?
I think it's fifty-seven minutes long.
I know a guy in Universal's stock house -- he's giving me the footage for free.  This movie's gonna look like a million bucks.
<u>Then how's it gonna get in the</u> <u>picture</u>?!
Don't worry.  We're not gonna film any of it.
Ed!  What's with these revised pages?!  A scene in a smelting factory?  A buffalo stampede?? <u>Three-hundred soldiers storming Anzio</u> <u>Beach</u>??!  What's going on here?  I can't afford to film this nonsense!
So change the poster.  Trust me, you'll be better off.  This is a story that's gonna <u>grab</u> people.  It's about this guy.  He's crazy about this girl but he likes to wear dresses.  Should he tell her? Should he not tell her?  He's torn. George, this is DRAMA.
And what's with this new title?!  My poster says "I CHANGED MY SEX"!
I don't think he's a schmuck.
Yeah!  Five pages right before it ends!  The rest of the show is about some schmuck who likes angora sweaters.
There's still a sex-change --
I thought this was gonna be a sex- change film!
Because he's <u>my friend</u>.
Why would Lugosi want to be in a sex-change flick?
Uh, yeah.  Our picture.
OUR picture?
No, he's not dead!  He lives in Baldwin Hills.  I met him recently, and he wants to be in our picture.
Isn't he dead?
Yeah!  <u>Lugosi</u>!
Lugosi?
Who?
What if I told you you could have a star for $1000??
Fine, maybe you're right.  But it doesn't friggin' matter.  I can't afford a star, so I don't even know what we're talking about.
No!  It would be something better! Something <u>impressive</u>.  The biggest moneymaker you've ever had!
Yeah.  Crap with a star.
Yeah, but if you took that crap and put a star in it, you'd have something!
Eddie, you must have me confused with David Selznick.  I don't make major motion pictures.  I make crap.
No.  Better than tits -- a <u>star</u>!
Tits.
Mr. Weiss, I was thinkin' about what you said, about how all your movies have to make a profit.  And I realized, what's the one thing, that if you put in a movie, it'll be successful??
Yeah.  I know what it's like to live with a secret, and worry about what people are gonna think of you... My girlfriend still doesn't know why her sweaters are always stretched out.
And this is why you think you're the most qualified to make my movie?
Confidentially, I even paratrooped wearing a brassiere and panties. I'll tell ya, I wasn't scared of being killed, but I was <u>terrified</u> of getting wounded, and having the medics discover my secret.
You gotta be kiddin' me.
Nah, I'm all man.  I even fought in WW2.  'Course, I <u>was</u> wearing ladies' undergarments under my uniform.
So you're not a fruit?
No, no, not at all!  I <u>love</u> women. Wearing their clothes makes me feel closer to them.
Are you a fruit?
Well, Mr. Weiss, I've never told anyone what I'm about to tell you... but I really want this job.  I like to dress in women's clothing.
Hmm.  There's five-hundred guys in town who can tell me the same thing. You said on the phone you had some kind of "special qualifications."
Well, Mr. Weiss, I'm your guy.  I work fast, and I'm a deal: I write AND direct.  And I'm good.  I just did a play in Hollywood, and Victor Crowley praised its realism.
It opens in nine weeks in Tulsa.
Fuck no!  But there's a poster.
Is there a script?
No, of COURSE I'm gonna make the movie!  I've already presold Alabama and Oklahoma.  Those repressed Okies really go for that twisted pervert stuff.  So we'll just make it without that she-male.  We'll fictitionalize it.
So you're not gonna make the movie?
Yeah, well a couple of things have changed.  It ain't gonna be the Christine Jorgensen story no more. Goddamn "Variety" printed the story before I had the rights, and now that bitch is asking for the sky.
Yes, I'm Ed Wood.  I'm here about directing the Christine Jorgensen picture.
Can I help you?
So?  It's only a five-hour drive. And it'll probably clear up, once we hit the desert.  Heck, it'll probably clear up once we drive around the corner.  I promise.
But it's pouring.  And the car top is stuck!
<u>Right now</u>.  Let's drive to Vegas!
Huh?!
Let's get married.
Ed, I'm so happy for you.
C'mon!  Let's just go.
Ed, you're gonna miss your own premiere.
I can't get it to go up.
My chiropractor!
Who's Dr. Tom?
Look, it's Dr. Tom.  Hey, Dr. Tom!
Hell, if I did, I wouldn't have any friends.
You should feel lucky.  Ed's the only guy in town who doesn't pass judgment on people.
Yeah...  I should give her a call.
The poor girl's out of a job.
Those assholes.
Yes!  BINGO!  Solar energy!  Oh that's gonna seem so scientific.  This movie's gonna be the ultimate Ed Wood film.  <u>No compromises</u>.
The sun.
No, BIGGER!  What's the biggest energy??
Dynamite --
No.  They're beyond that!  They're smarter than the humans.  What's <u>more</u> advanced?
Uh, atomic energy?
The left.  It's more natural.  Hey, I've got a scene where the aliens have the ultimate bomb.  What would that be made of?
Do you want your buttons on the left or the right?
You know, when you rewrite a script, it just gets better and better!
I was a fuckin' HACK!  I let people recut the movies, cast their relatives...  I let Bela down...
Well you tried --
I might as well be.  I made shitty movies that nobody wanted to see.  I blew it.  All he wanted was a comeback... that last glory...
Ed, you've got to snap out of this. Bela's dead -- <u>you're not</u>!
I'd seen him in a coffin so many times, I expected him to jump out...
Bela died.
What was that?
Thanks.  It's actually the only thing I know how to make.  Hey, can you grab that strainer?
Ed, this spaghetti sauce is delicious.
STOP!
Stop!
Okay?
Oh.  Okay.
No! I love sex with girls.
Does this mean you don't like sex with girls?
I like to wear women's clothes: Panties, brassieres, sweaters, pumps... it's just something I do. And I can't believe I'm telling you, but I really like you, and I don't want it getting in the way down the road.
Huh?
Kathy, I'm about to tell you something I've never told any girl on a first date.  But I think it's important that you know.  I like to wear women's clothes.
A few years ago, I actually saw him do "Dracula" live.  I thought he was much scarier in person.
I had to sleep with the lights on for a month.  But I never missed a Lugosi picture after that.
That <u>is</u> incredible!  You know, I had to sleep with the lights on for a week after seeing that movie.
"Dracula."
What do you mean?
You're not gonna believe the first picture I ever saw.  Your friend's.
Yeah!  Don't forget "Mercury Theatre"... And then every Saturday, I'd go to the little movie theater down the street.  I even started ushering there.
Oh.  I loved those shows!  "Inner Sanctum"... "The Shadow" --
Nah, 'cause I had my comic books. And I read pulp magazines.  And I listened to the radio dramas...
Did you find it boring?
Sounds like you lived in Grovers Corners.
No.  I'm from back east.  You know, All-American small town... everybody knew everybody, I was a Boy Scout, my dad worked for the post office...
So have you always lived in L.A.?
They're very nice.  Let me get my coat.
I just picked them up on the way over...
Oh, flowers!  I didn't know you were so traditional.
Not good...
He's better.  Thank you for asking.  How's your friend?
I am.  How's your father?
You look beat.
Oh, hi.
Oh, it's you again.
This is my thirteenth pair.
How long's he been here?
Booties for my father.  He gets cold in this hospital.
What are you making?
Oh.  My condolences.
The marriage already ended.
Oh.  Congratulations.
I got married last night.
Hello.  You're sleeping in a tuxedo.
Hello.
LOOK AT HIS SKULL!
What's uncanny?
<u>It's uncanny</u>.
Exactly.  Hey, how 'bout this -- what if I don't have any lines?  I'll do the part mute!
You don't wanna be noticed?
Look... would it be possible to make the "Ghoul's Wife" a little less prominent, so people won't really notice me in the movie?
The <u>Ghoul's Wife</u>?!  God, I can't believe I'm doing this...
I know what <u>that's</u> like.  Anyway, I brought a copy of the script.  You would play the "Ghoul's Wife."
It's terrible.  People won't even return my calls.  It's like I don't exist.
I'm really sorry...
It's the same film.  But the distributor wanted a punchier title. C'mon!  It's gonna be a big event -- we're going all out!  Bela, Tor, and Cris are coming.  You'll have fun!
Didn't you just make one called "Bride Of The Atom"?
No, don't worry, I moved on.  I was just calling to see if you want to attend the world premiere of my new film, "Bride Of The Monster."
Look buddy, I'm a big star.  I've got real offers from real studios.  I don't need to blow some dentist for a part.  So forget it!
Please!  It'll only take a minute. You can have some hors d'oeuvres, and meet my backers!  There's a really nice dentist from Oxnard...
Uh, look, I'm with some friends, and we're about to eat --
No!  I don't want you to show the movie, I want you to be <u>in it</u>!  See, maybe I should explain: We started shooting, but then after three days we got shut down.  So we're having a backers party, to raise some more money.  Perhaps you'd like to come next door and meet some of the backers...?
You want me to show it on my TV program?  Well I got nothing to do with that.  You should call up the station manager at Channel Seven --
No.  I think my film is perfect for you.
I don't understand.  Do you want my autograph?
You don't know me, but my name is Ed Wood.  I'm a film producer.  I'm currently in production on a science-fiction piece, with Bela Lugosi and Swedish wrestler Tor Johnson.  And I saw you here, and I thought: Kismet!
Yes?
Excuse me, Miss Vampira?
That was Karloff.  Paul, you gotta try harder.  I don't want this film to be haif-assed. This time, we go for the quality.
Well I was thinkin' like, when Bela played "Fu Manchu."
Too tall... too short...  And this guy doesn't work at all.
Great!  Bring 'em in!  Bunny, I gotta run.
Ed, I got the Lugosi lookalikes outside.
So how long have you known Eddie?
Norma, this is Bela -- Bela, this is Norma.  Norma, this is Tor -- Tor, this is Norma.  Norma, this is Paul Paul, this is Norma.
Hey, don't blame me!  You didn't say anything about no motor when I was up on that ceiling!
You know, to make the legs move --
What octopus motor?
Hey.  This is looking good!  Paul, where's the octopus motor?
YES!  JUST DO IT!
You're <u>sure</u>???
Yes!
You're sure this is gonna work?
Uh, I couldn't reach the guy... he was in meetings all day.  But this'll be great, I promise!
Ed, you said you were getting permission.
Nah, it'll work.  Where's Bela?
We couldn't afford any more props. If it seems weird, maybe you can add a scene where they eat dinner.
Wow, this lab looks great.  Except why is there a stove and refrigerator?
Well my cousin Fred met this dame from back East.  She's from "old money," and he thinks she's loaded. And here's the kicker: She's <u>very</u> <u>interested</u> in the picture business!
Yeah...?
Uh, yoo-hoo.  Excuse me!  Sorry to interrupt, but I got some big news.
Here's to Ed.  For making us into something.
Just like I always promised.  Now you're among the immortals.  You're movie stars.
Well it looks good.  Let's use it!
I don't know.
The set doesn't look right!  It looks too... empty.  Clutter it up.  Put a skeleton in the corner.  And what's that thing over there?
So don't take it too seriously. We're all doin' great work.
Lines around the block.
Hell, I've seen a lot worse reviews. I've seen ones where they didn't even like the costumes!  Like, that last "Francis the Mule" picture -- it got <u>terrible</u> notices.  But it was a huge hit.
And you're gonna make a bundle.  This movie's gonna be famous!  But only if you SHUT UP, and let me do it my way!
B-but it's our money --
I'm directing.
Mr. Wood?  <u>What do you think you're</u> <u>doing</u>?!
NOOOOO!!!
I thought this was a group effort.
Are you IN5ANE?  <u>I'm</u> the director! <u>I</u> make the casting decisions around here!
This is our choir director.  He's gonna play the young hero.
No, he would've loved it!  Bela's returned from the grave -- like Dracula.  CUE VAMPIRA!
Doesn't this strike you as a bit morbid?
Isn't it wonderful?  Bela lives!
Mr. Wood!
What are you talking about?!  It's the premise of the movie.  It's even the title, for Christ's sake!
I do.
...Do you accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your savior?
No you're not!  This marriage was never consummated.  I'm getting an annulment!
Please, be compassionate.  I'm your husband!
Honey, I have a little secret to share with you.
What the heck is THIS?!!
Don't worry, I'll teach you.
Eddie, I'm just a small-town girl. I've never done this before.
You shouldn't be embarrassed by the truth.  Mind if I order some hotcakes...?
My goodness, you're embarrassing me.
You know, you're a very attractive girl.
Wow.
Two people do.  Orson Welles and me.
Ah, c'mon!  Nobody does all that.
No, I work in pictures.  I'm a director-actor-writer-producer.
What are you, an angora wholesaler?
It's made from specially-bred rabbits that live in the Himalayas.
I suppose.  It's very expensive.
Don't you think angora has a tactile sensuality lacking in all other clothing?
Why... yes.
Look, you seem like a nice guy, Ed, but you're just not my type.  But keep in touch.  Let me know when your movie opens.
No, no!  I like girls.  So how 'bout Friday?
Isn't that the same thing?
ME?!  No, uh, I'm just a transvestite.
You mean like a date?  I thought you were a fag.
Well, I was wondering if maybe sometime you'd like to go out, and maybe grab some dinner.
Oh.  Yeah.  You.
Ed Wood!  You came to my party.  I directed "Bride Of The Atom"!
Who?
Vampira!  Hi, this is Ed Wood.
Hank was always good with the ladies. Always good-looking. Hell, he's been dead for two days, he still looks better than me.
Oh, Al ... This is just...
I'm going to be living with my brother. He's not in such good shape as I am, but... I'm looking forward to the pillow fights.
What?!
I'm moving out.
Are things gonna be okay with you and Mom? Is there anything I can --
Went --
It's your father. Hank. Your mother went to see him and he had a heart attack.
Yes!
You thought it was me?
Where is she? Is she all right?
Al!!
Our neighbors gave me a ride.
Al!
How's your mother?
Well, now I will. He was a crazy mean, son-of-a-bitch.
No.
Have I ever said a bad word to you about your father?
I'm not -- I didn't -- Al, you know how I feel about you...
Jeanette, you're hurting me.
No. Only celebrities now. Now, if you put a mailman on the cover of a magazine he'd better have killed someone or no one will buy it. This one to Dr. Rumpley.
Well, I don't think you can get more common than me, Al.
They celebrated the common person.
Yeah, so... ?
Norman Rockwell. He painted magazine covers. Folksy. A mailman, a boy scout, a kid visiting a doctor...
Who?
Whatever happened to Norman Rockwell?
Look at your face. I had a car that color.
Come on...
What do you love her or something?
Yeah. Ma...
She's in the kitchen. I'd yell for her, but I'd die.  You had a busy night last night.
Is Mom here? I gotta talk to her.
No, I intentionally picked out a lot of crap 'cause I don't like you.
Anything good?
Yeah. I brought you some movies.
At the point -- I don't -- Look you'd be on TV maybe one or two times each. I'11 try to avoid I'11 go out of my way to avoid, getting together with you. Believe me.
At what point?
No. Kissing and hugging, okay, but if it's actual sex they have to cut away.
No! Do they show you having sex?
I'11 have to pass, Al. And it's not an age thing --
I guess -- I don't -- it's all in the contract. There's this million-page contract --
Do they show it?
What if I'm vomiting?
What if--you're vomiting?
No. The bathroom is off limits -and when I go to sleep they go to other programming. Unless I get up. Then they go back on the air. Unless I get up to go to the bathroom, I guess, then -
You know it.
Ooh, the sister! She is hot.
Yeah only I wish they had the sister on more.
If Ray would steal this girl from Ed. That would be great.
What?
You know what would be great?
She doesn't give a shit about him.
You think she really likes him?
So if it's a show and they have a guy die that's writing, but if it's real and they have a guy die that's murder.
So?
This is real, Bananahead!
You know, for a tearjerker. The audience falls in love with this loveable old geezer in a wheelchair and then he dies, it's ... They know what they're doing.
What do you mean "they're gonna have him die?"
I'11 tell you something else. The old guy in the wheelchair? The stepfather? They're gonna have him die.
Okay, I'm nuts.
You're nuts.
Her. That look. She likes the Ed guy better than she likes the brother.
What?
Did you see that?
Yeah. Because, you didn't talk me into anything. Everything you wanted me to do, I wanted to do.
I don't think so.
Yeah? Well I'm not starting now.
No. You screwed up my life just so you could get higher ratings. You never gave a shit about me.
Ed --
You know, everything you asked me to do I did. I call you for advice about Shari you say -  "Leave her be, see other people for a while." You just wanted me to get involved with Jill because it made for a better show.
Ed --
Yeah, but when they went off people weren't making fun of them. They weren't bozos! I'm Pumpkin Ass again!
Ed, everything goes off. "Cheers" went off. "Mash" went off --
Pursued, not harassed. Give it some space. Can I tell you something -- as a friend? My sister was going with a guy they hit a little rough spot they started seeing other people they got back together and last month they had their third child For what it's worth.
You said a woman likes to be pursued.
Leave her be.
Yeah, that's why I called. I mean, maybe Fed-Ex would tell me where she moved --
Ed, do you want my advice?
What if Shari's the dream?
Great line.
You asked me if I had a dream. I said "Sure, I have a dream. I just don't know what it is yet."
Yeah.
Stand back -- I'm about to do my Happy Dance.
That means a balloon payment and a big raise for the second month.
Yeah?!
We're going to get you a bodyguard, don't worry. Ed, I have some news for you. We're picking up Ed TV for another month!
They tore her dress! ...
A woman wants to be pursued.
Sure.
Can I give you one bit of advice? About Shari?
Yeah?
And all the kids stared calling me "Pumpkin Ass." "Hey Pumpkin Ass," -- for like a year. So, now, I feel like everyone's watching me and, you know, I'm "Pumpkin Ass" again.
Uh-huh?
I feel like when I was a kid and my mother sent me to school in orange corduroy pants.
How you doing, Ed?
Good idea.  Could you all leave us alone for a few minutes?
Could we just talk alone for a second? I --
Yes, Ed.
I do.
Don't say that. That's like... telling a guy before you have sex you'd better be good. You don't do that.
I bet my career on you. You'd better be good.
No, uh...
Now look. Don't freeze up on me. I picked you because you had kind of a relaxed, go-with-the-flow quality. You're not going to lose that, are you?
Um, yeah -- thanks.
That has my work number, my home number, my pager number. I sleep three hours a night. Call me whenever you want to talk. Off the air, on the air, whenever. Okay?
I want you to take this.
Cool.
Okay, so you understand? We're installing a permanent camera in your bedroom, one in the kitchen, one in the living room, plus, of course, there'll always be a couple of steady-cams following you.
Excuse me.
Ed, can I see you a second.
Oh, see, studying would've been a huge help. Where were you, then?
What did you study?
I've got this great idea. We put together a video. "The Network Executives Goofiest Moments." And listen, i've really loved working here.
Where are you going?
Cynthia, I think you're laboring under a misconception. You seem to believe that because you happened to predict this, we should be impressed. We're not. Anybody in any business can predict failure. 1 need people who prevent failure. I want to see this thing turned back in the right direction. Remember this was your baby.
Isn't this getting kind of pathetic. I mean we drank the juice, now we're just licking peel. Let it go!
Good luck.
With all due respect, Cynthia you're nuts. I'm giving him another month!
I'm telling you, it's peaked. Ed TV is an over-inflated balloon. Get it off before it explodes all over us.
What are you talking about? He's fine. He's out of the hospital already. The ratings are higher than ever.
Take him off the air.
I'm not sure about the entire concept.
I polled my staff. The men say they'd hang around with him and the women say he's fuckable. And one of the men said he's fuckable.
This guy.
He's who we want to go with.
No.  The deceased is ... Henry Pekurny.
Al!
Who?
I thought -- I thought he was dead.
I ... don't know. I ...
Hotel? What were they doing in a hotel?
According to your mother. When the paramedics got to the hotel, she told them that --
Really? They were..
Very quick. Between you and me, it's not a bad way to go. Making love to your wife... it's very sweet.
What about him -- did he suffer any or was it quick? I'd hate to think he...

Mm...  Oh, man...
Just wait here. She's coming right back out.
Thank you. Can I see her?
I'm Dr. Geller. Your mother is just lying down for a few minutes. we gave her something to calm her down.
Yes?
Mr. Pekurny.
Oh.
So he killed himself.
Right.
And then, uh... you know it blew over and he went back to being a fireman again.
Right, right...
Yeah, a thing. He became a big hero. He was on TV and there was a parade and a movie about him
Oh right, right! She fell down, like a...
No! Like, ten years ago. In Texas. Baby...  Jessica!
When? Today?
You know about that fireman who rescued that little girl?
What?
No! Don't --  Oh, wow.
Yeah.  Honey, if you're watching this is for you.
Oh -- so I'm just, what -- a poor substitute?
Aah, I wanted Shari to come.
Yeah. You did good. What's wrong?
Hey, if it's free, it's me.  You ready?
Yeah, what - they put some schmuck on TV all day long or something?
Oh, that thing. Yeah. Did you hear about this?
Your brother's here.
So do I. So what? I'm doing all right.
I was at this comedy club last week and this comedian says "If you're over thirty and your job requires you to wear a name tag, you screwed up your life." And I'm laughing and then I realize I wear a nametag.
I'm gonna stick this right in your eye.
We're the guys who clean up after the parade.
Tell me.
You know who we are?
We're falling behind.
You said that.
Look at this -- people are getting married, they're getting married...
What?
I'm a whore!  Your bathrooms are filthy!
And how is this helping? come on say, good-night to all your new friends and let's go home.
I'm a tramp  Meet your new father. The whole nation is laughing at us!
Ma...
Why shouldn't I be in a place like this? I'm a whore!
You're famous. Somebody called me. What are you doing in a place like this?
Ed! How did you know I was here?
Well, he's the only one in America who doesn't!
Don't tell Al. He doesn't know.
Apparently, neither can Hank. What the hell did you do to him?
Do you think it's been easy for me? It's been years. Al can't have sex.
But Al is your husband now!
One thing led to another. He was my husband once.
Why? How...
Oh my god! On TV!
Yes. He assumed Hank was your husband. He didn't know.
To you? In front of him?  With the...
The doctor said you were having sex.
What?
So you had sex with him?
Hank! He said he wanted to talk to me to apologize for everything he begged -- he cried. So I went to this horrible hotel he was staying in... I felt so sorry for him --
Who?
It was horrible. He called me up.
What happened?
I'm coming right over. I'll be right there.
St. Joseph's.
Oh God. What hospital?
He's dead! Eddie, he's dead! It was his heart.
What's the matter?!
I'm at the hospital.
Mom?
Eddie...
What do you think. I mean about... him. Should I just... have nothing to do with him? I mean...
Hank! All of a sudden. Because now you're famous and he can get something from you. I don't wan you to become a victim like Marcia.  Not that you're a victim, honey. You're not. Life's just been a little hard on you, sweetie.
Who?
And what did he come back now for?
If I don't call you "Dad" it' just because... 1 was already a big boy when you came into our lives --  or when I thought you came into our lives --
He had a woman in my own bed! And how dare you call him "Dad" in front of Al.  This is your father. This is who was there for you when you needed someone.
Oh my God. You and Al were - and that's why you threw him out.
The difference is for twenty years I thought one thing and now it's another thing.
What's the difference?
So does Grandma. So does Shaquille O'Neal. You told me you had a hysterectomy and he ran off with your nurse.
She had white shoes.
Could've been a nurse?
She could've been a nurse.
But what was that whole story about him and a nurse?
He... apologized, he begged me. He can be very... charming when it suits his purpose.
Chicken pox? I was six. He didn't leave 'til I was twelve.
All right -- do you want to know the truth? I took you and Marcia and Ray to my sister's on the train for the weekend and you all got chicken pox. So I took you home a day early and there was your father with a woman in our bed. Okay?
I don't care what he says. Look, I don't need to relive this. On television!
He says --
He had girlfriends!
Holy sh--
Both.
Yes to me or yes to the coil?
Yes.
So everything he told me yesterday was a lie. Everything.
I told you the facts! He abandoned us -- those are the facts.
I'm not! I'm just trying to get some facts.
I can't believe you're taking his side.
Oh my God!!
I mean, that worked out.
Oh my God!
You and Al lived together a few months before you got married -- after Dad left.
Mm.
Well, who knows? Maybe she finally picked a winner this time.
I don't know. She's living with that "entertainer"...
How's Marcia? She all right?
No! I -- All right, look, if you hear from Ray.... tell him to call me, okay?
I know you. This Shari is a passing fancy.
No! And that girl has a name.
No. Maybe he's watching.  Tell him you're sorry. Tell him you'11 stay away from that girl.
I don't want to -- do you know where he is?
He made a mistake.
Hey, he cheated on her.
Eddie, how could you do it? Your brother's girlfriend.
Ma, do you know where Ray is? I've been calling him and I'm getting his machine and --
Look, Ma, come on out. Really. I need to talk to you.
No. It's a mess.
Do you want us to come in the kitchen?
No.
Send him? Ma, I can't. it's -- just come out here. Please, I --
Send him away.
Yeah. The camera guy is here.
Are the TV people with you?
Yeah?
Eddie? ...
She wouldn't tell me.
I'm sorry. Where'd they send her?
She left. She moved. She got Fed-Ex to give her a transfer and she left. She couldn't stand it anymore. We had people, news people, regular people, just sleeping in our hallway, going through our mail, our garbage. I mean it was she couldn't take it anymore. Now I've got to move. I can't afford this place by myself.
What are you talking about?
She won't.
Well, when will she be back?
She left.
What is she, at work?
No.
Hi. Is Shari here?
Shari, Ray feels --
Hi, Mom. 
No, I understand. That's - where is she, is she all right?
She really doesn't want you and the camera in here right now.
Right, yeah --
Everybody's making audition tapes for that Real TV thing.
What's going on over there?
All right. Let them decide.
Not too good. That's why it states in your contract that if you do not continue to live a normal life, you're in violation and are liable for the station's financial losses. Ed, I urge you to reconsider. I urge you on behalf of all those people out there whose lives have become so entwined with yours. Play fair with them, Ed.
Look, if you don't let me out of this... I'11 just... I'11 just sit in my apartment all day. I won't go anywhere, I won't do anything. What kind of show will that be?
Well, no. You agreed to stay on the air as long as we asked you to. The station entered into this on that understanding. If you had refused we'd have begun this with somebody else. You can't just change the rules in the middle of the game, son. It's not fair to us. More importantly, it's not fair to the viewers. They're interested in you. They've devoted hours and days and weeks of their lives to you.
I can't?
All right, I'11 pay for the parking. Big network!
Well, Ed, that's ... not really possible.
I can imagine. You said you wanted nothing to do with this. You swore to me. "Don't come near me. Don't bring this into my life..."
Ed, he needs a break. You don't know what kind of bad luck he's had --
Oh! Oh -- okay, now I get it. It's "Star Search." You wanted me here because the camera comes with me.
Hm? I'm, uh... Why isn't this drunken woman you?
What are you doing?
Our foibles, our foibles!
Our what?
They're gonna mock our foibles.
No! I barely even mentioned -it's just that, my friends, the people at work, whoever I'm regularly in contact with they want releases from.
I can't do that to him. He's pushing a little too hard - but... I just can't do that to him.
Never would be plenty.
How much less?
He's just ... trying a little too hard --
It means they hate his freaking guts. It means if he were on fire they wouldn't put him out.
What does this mean?
No, I mean...
Are you asking me?
Welcome to work, Ed.
Hey, Lou.
Who's in it?
Ed, come on. What's that gonna do? You're gonna bring Blockbuster to their knees. Let me recommend a movie to you. It's called "Get your shit together before it's too late."
Well, then I'm quitting.
Hey. I went as far as I felt comfortable. I mean, you know, let's face it -- you come and go here as you please. You work when you feel like it -- you know, Bruce Springsteen's birthday is not a legal holiday.
You batted or you bunted?
I batted!
Oh, Christ. Did you go to bat for me?
Ed, look, uh... you're not getting the job. They're gonna transfer someone from another store to manage this store when I leave to manage the new store. I'm sorry.
What's the deal? Did anybody make a decision -
Um, yeah, I was gonna ...
So act now. Here's Ed's home phone number.
But facts! They have to be verified. Anything from their past, their present, business, personal -- arrests, affairs ... And whoever comes up with the sleaziest, most degrading material -- I'11 give you ten thousand dollars. And you get to be on Ed TV.  Hah?
My lovely assistant, Shari. I'm glad you asked. The contest is who can dig up -- legally, of course -- I'm not suggesting that anyone break any laws -- the most embarrassing and humiliating facts about any of the executives here at the North American Broadcasting System which owns Real TV.
What do we have to do?
Let's have a contest. Now this would mostly be open to professional investigators and detectives. But anyone can join in.
It's nice.
My truck overheated, so I opened the hood and my hair got caught in the fan belt. So I had to get a haircut.
What did you do to your hair?
You weren't able to make me feel safe or secure -- no easy job for any  man, I admit -- and my problem is, if I think I'm losing, I pull myself out of the game. I bail. See? I told you, I'm the love coroner.
It's what I do. I yell "Geronimo" and jump out of a relationship.
Kinda'.
Come on.
This is going right up your ass.
Well, yeah, everybody's someone. But I mean someone they want to be. I mean let's face it, I'm working in the video store, no one's coming in saying "oh, I wish I was that guy. 1 wish was rewinding that huge pile of tapes." At least for a month I'm not just a guy with a name tag. I'm famous.
Everybody's someone.
You see how people look at me. Like when they ask for my autograph or say "Hi" to me... It's like I'm a basketball player or a... you know, like I'm someone.
What?
Ray borrowed this whole tub of money against this balloon payment that I don't get if I qu -- it's too complicated. I -- Besides...
The what?
No. If I quit I don't get the balloon payment.
No... Could you?
What do you want me to do? You want me to quit the show?!
No. It's your fault.
It's not their fault.
...yeah?
Oh that was... no, I ... she just kind of trapped me into giving her a ride. It's you. I want you.
Yeah... I saw that girl come on to you at the TV show.
She lied to me. I mean all my life, she's telling me one story and then... it turns out to be a completely different story. Come to me at some point -- tell me the truth. No. Not in my house. The truth is a stranger. And this is why Ray and Marcia are the way they are. Marcia gets involved with all these losers and sees no problem with herself - "How do they find me" she says. Ray cheats on you and then blames me for it. I'm the only one in the family who takes any responsibility for himself... Oh, man... Are you all right?
Are you all right?
I need to talk.
Come on...
Okay.
Just... just relax. Okay? We won't do anything. We'11 just sit here for a while.
I feel like a criminal or, like we're cheating on someone.
Somewhere.
Where?
Come on, let's go.
I'm sorry.
Oh Je -- couldn't he sleep with Rita? We'11 all have a good time.
So my little brother's staying here. I'm sleeping with Rita.
So?
I tried to tell you over the phone -- my parents went to Atlantic City.
Ed?
Really? 
There's a list.
Exactly. Boy, you're smart.  Why are you so mean to her? What did she do to you?  "Is she good enough for Ed?" Who the hell am I?  Who the hell do you think I should be dating?
Twenty-nine.
Who cares? I don't ca -- No. I do care.  Shame on everybody. Shame on you! Well, just the seventy-one percent. The other... 
A poll. "Is Shari Good Enough for Ed?" Seventy-one per cent said "no."  They hate me!
Ohh...
Page three of the Post.
Look at this.
No. Who?
Everybody hates me!
Shari...
I have no privacy. Even now! I'm crying and I can't stop and they won't go away. And now it's going to be another month!
Ed... I think we should stop seeing each other.
So...?
... yeah, then, but...
...if this ...  ... weren't here... ?
I really like you too...
Shari, I really like you...
I know, I ...
So? What do they think -- we're not kids --
I know, but even if they go away, everybody in America knows what we're doing because... they went away.
I told you. If we... you know do it, they go away until ... we're done.
What?
Um...
He could give me some oxygen.
Why?
I wish my stepfather was here.
Saturday, I think we should
That's lucky.
Oh -- Sunday is good for me to meet your folks. We get a big family audience on Sundays so it works out.
It's quite an honor. Will you come with me?
Oh yeah.
You know, the big machine that cleans the ice.
The what?
Sunday night at the Devils game, I'm driving the Zamboni.
You should see the one we wear when it rains.
It's really a tremendous turnoff.
Yeah, well...
You know, I never saw you in your uniform before.
I missed you.
What are you doing?
Weird? If this happened last month it would've been weird. Now with... the TV and... now it's just too weird.
Oh God, this is so weird.
Really?
Me too. I mean I'm going out with Ray and I'm... thinking about you.
Yeah. I mean for months I've been seeing you with Ray you being his girlfriend and I kept wishing you were my girlfriend... But, you know, what could I do?
Really?
All right. Okay. I'11 ... see you.
Go!
Can't we just --
Leave. Go.
Well, when you put it that way.
I kissed my boyfriend's brother on television!
It's... okay
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Really?
Look, not having been there... I just think you're hurt and you're saying this to, you know, get back at him.
I mean bad.
Oh... how come?
I've got news for you-- I never intended to marry him.
Okay ...
Ha!
I'm not. I'm not. I'm just Look -- you know, in a way, it's good. He got this out of his system now and he knows it's not worth it and, you know, someday if you guys got married or something --
Don't defend that horse's ass to me.
Shari, I'm just really sorry. Look, I know this is... unbelievably awkward, but if I could come in for like a second and -- you know -- just say... two words, then...
What do you want?!
No, no, I -- as soon as you came in tonight I said to John, "Boy Shari looks beautiful." I said it on TV so you can ask anybody who saw it.
Right.
You do though, you look great.
Dynamite is dangerous.
So maybe this is my dynamite.
So?
Dynamite.
Cream rinse?
I saw this show once. It was about logging. I was home sick, there was nothing else on. Do you know how they break up really bad log jams? You know, when they're really tangled... ?
Why do it?
Hey, believe me -1 know I've got a great chance of making a fool of myself, here.
Are you sure about this?
Really? You see, to me, you shouldn't have any trouble with men. There should be, like, a line behind you.
Oh, the whole family loved him. Of course, they loved the last guy I went out with, and he strung me along for three years and dumped me.
I hear the dog really liked him.
Yeah...
A hundred per cent cotton. Okay, here we go, Andy.
And each contestant gets one of these.  An "I tried to screw a network executive" tee-shirt.
I commit. I take a chance. You wanted to be the guy on TV, but you didn't want to say you wanted to. So you have me talk you into it so you get what you want, but if it goes bad it's not your fault.
Me?! That's you!
I got paid by the word! No! Your problem is you don't ever want anything to be your fault.
Yeah. My problem is I've got a brother who writes a sentence like "We grew up in a small, little bedroom." As opposed to a big, little bedroom?
You know what your problem is?
Let's remember how I got into this. "Please, Eddie, do this for me. I can't get a break." 
Come on, Ma.
I put his -- who --  Look, Marsh, he's not that good a singer, he'll be back.
That's right. You put Cliff on television. So then he decided he was too good for her and he left.
Me?!
Cliff left her, thanks to you.
Ray, come an--
Good-bye, brother!
Cassie...
What are we gonna fight? Ray, please, listen to me --
Save it.
Look, we gotta talk.
I know.
Oh, man, I've been trying to call you.
Yeah.
... Ray?
If I go over to Shari, the camera's going there, too.
Please!
You brought the girl!
You brought the cameras here!
Why me?
No, not her. Shari. Go over there and talk to her
I don't even know her. All I know is she likes Snapple.
Stop? I'm a guy. I don't stop. The woman's supposed to stop. We're the gas, they're the brakes.
Next thing you know! Why didn't you stop?
It's the receptionist at one of the places I service video equipment -- she's very pretty and, you know, she never even talks to me and then today I come in and she's all "I saw you on TV the other night... You were so great ... " Next thing I know we're ...
What is this? What's going on, who is that?
We'd better go...
Hello... Shari, hi... Oh no! ... Oh God!
Yeah...
Oh. All right. I'11 watch at home, then.
Uh, no, uh I'm a little tired. I fell asleep.
You watching the ballgame?
Hi.
It's me, Ed.
Who is it?
While I'm gone, tell them about our cousin Lenny who's gay. We knew from when he was five.
Great.
What are you, hiding from the Police?  Show your face, you look great.  Doesn't she look great.
"Quick pull off the highway" is not a relationship. Oh man, I gotta pee.
She didn't know he was a criminal. They had a relationship. They --
Richie!  She spent six months dating a criminal
What's the dif --
Remember the last guy she got involved with? What was his name?
Oh, Jesus.
She's an alcoholic, for Christ's sake.
Ray --
I mean my question is what was she doing in a bar in the first place?
Yeah. You know, piano bars. plays the piano and sings. That's how they met.
Marcia's living with a singer?
No, this is great.  You'll love this.  He's a singer.
Ray, maybe this isn't ...
That's our sister.  She's got a new boyfriend.
No. What happened?
Hey, Ed. Did you hear about Marcia?
See, they should've picked him. Look how comfortable he is out there.
Okay, I just wanted to get your attention. My name is Ray and my friend Bucky and I design video systems. You've got an office or a big home, we'11 come out there design you an entire system.
Hey. Check this out.  Look at this.
Polish acrobat.
Yeah.
Yeah?!
All right.
Oh, don't bullshit a bullshitter. If you're happy like this you're an idiot, and you're not an idiot.  Hi.
Hey. You know-- we're not the same. I got a good life, this job suits me. I come and go when I please --
That's right. You don't know. Doors don't fly open for guys like us.
I don't know.
How many opportunities are you going to get in your life?
Screw off.
You're gonna be a video store clerk for the rest of your life? This is your big ambition, rearranging the "Ernest" movies?
Oh Yeah? What's your master plan here?
I'm doing all right.
All right. Let me ask you something... are you happy like this?
Whenever you ask me something why do you always say "Let me ask you something?" Why don't you just ask me?
What?
Why do you do that?
In a second! In a hot second. Let me ask you something --
You would do this? You would actually --
Oh man! They couldn't pick me! They had to pick you!
Look -- there's a million ways to humiliate yourself - I gotta think of a new way? I mean, it's all day! Every minute. Id be like a monkey at the zoo. I just...
What?
I ... I'm not gonna do it.
Hi, Shari.  Let's go in the stockroom.
I got your message. Way to go!
We're excited.
I'm making a tape.
Thumbsucker!
I'm not stitching Nikes in Panama! ... Bedwetter!
That's like... those people stitching Nikes in Panama saying they're in the NBA.
Yeah. I service video equipment.
You're in show business?
Show business.
What is?!
Yeah, but let's stay on one subject. Whoever that person is is going to be famous. They'll be able to get whatever they want. They'll ... trust me, this is my business.
What are you drunk?
That! Being that guy. Being the guy they watch.
What?
You know, that would be like a great thing.
I know. I mean I'm sitting there and her father's asking me about my "career prospects" and I'm playing "Risk," with her kid brother, Leon and at dinner the dog's sniffing at my balls -- at least I hope it was the dog. 'Cause her mother disappeared for a while.
What do you mean all of a sudden? You've been going with her six months.
I was... having dinner with Shari and her parents.
Where were you?
What's up?
I love you! 1 want to marry you!
No -- keep it.
No problema.  You want a picture?
Mr. Pekurny. I'm sorry to bother you. My son would just love to have your autograph.
Who's --
Who's Shari?
Hi, Shari.
Oh, is Shari here? Why didn't you just say so? Why are you giving me a song-and-dance about being tired?
Ray, where do you keep the glasses?
No. Ray sat on it. I'11 see you.
Do you still have it?
-- That we were doing "together." I finished it. It came out great! Because no one was standing over my shoulder bothering me - "That's too much glue. You're using too much glue."
The pirate ship.
What...
Yeah? That's good. Sorry is good. You know I finished that model.
Ed... I'm sorry.
All right... This is my father, I don't know what the hell he can do, but if anyone out there can help him -- get him a job - I'11 ... help you. I'11 ... mention your business or ... I don't know, we'11 figure it out.  I gotta go.
I need help. How many times if just one little thing that I needed would've happened, it would've changed everything. If I had a few dollars when an opportunity came along or... the tumblers just never clicked for me.
So you saw me on TV and you said "Hey, let me jump on this."
The last two years, I've been a limousine driver, but I don't see well anymore, so...
Oh, man! So...
Check forging.
What...
No. Two times.
The whole time? Eighteen years?
I was in jail.
It could be, if you fixed it up. How did you... ? I mean how does anyone ... wind up like this?
Quite a shithole, isn't it?
It's Ed.
Who is it?
No. Am I supposed to?
You don't recognize me.
Hi.
Hello.
Yeah. Why?
Ohh... do you own a cat?
Ed?
Ohhh...
Mm.
Good?
Mm.
What is? Oh, dinner!
No. It's going to be about a half-hour.
Can I help with anything?
Sure.
Why don't you come over. And I'11 make dinner. And you bring a movie. And ... We'11 make a night of it ... okay?
No.
Are you busy tomorrow night?
Hm?
We have to stop meeting like this.
Oh!!
Oh, great! Thanks. I'm just going uptown.
Um... They gave me a limo, uh...
Well, it was really nice meeting you and, uh...  I'd better get a cab.
Oh, yeah, I love those. Yeah... those are funny...
Thanks... That's ...
I'm Jill. I really like your show. I think you're great.
Hi.
Hi.
What?... Why?
That girl's an idiot.
If they keep Ed on for one full month, he gets a balloon payment.
What does that have to do with... ?
For instance... me and my friend Bucky are buying out my boss. His equipment, trucks, client list, the whole shmear.
How?
That's the point -- this could change things.
Look, my life is not so great, that I want it shown on television. And neither is yours.
Everyone has foibles. Then the whole country sees them on TV and mocks them. Then we have... mocked foibles.
We don't have foibles.
What happened? You described this "crazy-kooky" family who'd be a million laughs on TV?
Look, can we all just sign the releases so we can get on with this?
By the X. That's were two lines cross -- forming an X.
Oh, an TV a minute and already an attitude.
What would I actually have to do to get you to sign this?
Some more make-up wouldn't do you any harm. On TV you look a little washed out.
By the X.
That Ray was a pig. Ed is doll. You latch on to him honey.
Sign here, please.
pierde.
El/ella -
pierdes.
Tu
pierdo.
Yo --
He ended up moving back to Milwaukee to live with his parents. I haven't heard from him in a long time. Poor guy. I warned him.
Sherry   Sherry  Sheerrry. ...
I'm not talking about ethics.  I'm talking about morals.
I don't need a lecture on ethics, Jim, okay?  I know what --
That was just talk!  Fantasy talk! What are you, nuts?  We talk about girls all the time, but it doesn't mean anything. I would never. . . I mean, I take very seriously our strict moral code.  The line you've crossed is... it's illegal and it's immoral.
You're not just jealous, are you?  I mean, we both used to talk about her
Dave, I'm just saying this as your friend.  What you're doing is really, really wrong, and you've got to stop.
That's the whole point. It's all in my head; it's right here.  I just got to get it out there. Tracy wants me to write it so she can read it.  It's beautiful.
But you haven't written your novel.
Yeah, it's serious.  I mean she inspires me in ways Sherry never has. She even wants to read my novel.
In love?
Look, Jim...  Okay.  I know it all seems crazy, and maybe it did start out, you know, for the... for the sex and the danger.  But now it's different.  Jim, what I'm trying to tell you is that Tracy and I are totally, totally in love.
You did it at your house?  Your own house?
Foxy. . . Foxy. . . You know you're a cute little heartbreaker... Foxy... You know you're a sweet little love maker...
You could tell Dave was one of those guys who taught because they never wanted to leave high school in the first place, and that could get a little irritating sometimes, but basically he was a real good guy.
She's incredible.  Everything just gets soaked.
Don't tell me that.  I don't want to know that.
A few months before the election, she'd had an affair with my best friend Dave Novotny.
Here, get down.
It was the first time somebody ever saw the real me, the me that nobody else knows.
And I know sometimes people like you have to pay a price for their greatness, and that price is loneliness.
Thank you.
Tracy, I've been watching you for going on two years now, and I think you are one of the most talented, hard-working, sensitive, attractive, brilliant students -- no, human beings -- I have ever met.  I mean, you're the real thing.  Special.
What kind of person?
What do you mean? What kind of person am I?
I know.  I know its not by choice.  I just mean, well, being the kind of person you are, it must be really difficult to find someone you can talk to.
No, I'm not. I'm just really busy.
Well, I notice you don't seem to have any close friends at Millard. You seem to be kind of a loner.
what?
You know, Tracy... I don't know how to say this, but...
One night he took us editors out to celebrate after a deadline. Eventually Dave and I were left alone and we got to talking - not like teacher and student, but like two adults.
Well, Sherry's great.  But she can be a little much sometimes.
What?
Yeah. No. I mean, you know.
You guys have fun?
Fine. You know. We just went to Crossroads.
How'd it go?
Do it!
Yeah, just --
Come on, doit. Doit. Fill me up. Come on, fill me up
Yeah, uh, just a minute
You gonna do it? You gonna do it?
He likes it.
Jim, don't.  You're scaring him.
Around that time Diane and I were hanging out a lot at Sherry Novotny's house, giving her our love and support and helping her make it through a difficult time.
Everything's fine.  Just, you know, school.
Anything wrong?
Thank God for Diane.  She was my best friend, my source of love and strength. Oh sure, we'd had our share of bumpy times, but we'd always seen them through.  After nine years of marriage, we were closer than ever.  And the secret? Good communication.
So nice
All right.  Well, sure nice to meet you.
Dick.
Having a problem with your eye there?
You're going to Catholic school next year.  You're going to Sacred Heart. Maybe they'll straighten you out!
Tammy,  now we've come to a decision. He just think it would be best --
What?
Dick... Dick,..
Don't you smartass me!  Don't you dare smartass me!  You just shut your mouth I  Now your mother and I have had a long talk with Halt Hendricks  --- we just got off the phone with him at home. You know, he doesn't want you back at Millard.  He's fed up with you.  Fed up!  And I don't blame him!
But, Mr. M. -
Larry? We've got twenty-five minutes until the assembly, and we still have to do counts for VP, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Hendricks and I have both verified the numbers, and unless you can come up with the ballots you claim are missing -
I didn't make a mistake. Every vote was there when you sac down
It happens, Larry. People make mistakes.
But, they were there I counted 803 votes.
He's right. Two people must have pocketed their ballots. Usually it's more.
See, it doesn't add up. There are only 801 ballots but 803 people voted. Two votes are missing. Check the register.
Mostly Tammy fans
I think we've got a problem.
Yeah?
Larry?
Huh.  Okay.  Well, I guess I'd better do my count.
Mr. M.?
Larry, we're not electing the fucking Pope here. Just tell me who won.
I thought those were the rules, Mr. McAllister. If they've changed in any way --
You're kidding, right?
I'm not supposed to tell. Not until you've counted too. We're each supposed to make an independent count.
What d'you got?
All right.  I'll be back
Okay.  Yeah.  We know
I just want to get this over with, so we can have the assembly and go home. We don't have much time until eighth period.  I have other things going on, too, you know.
You have the key, Mr. McAllister.
Fine.  So do your count.  Start with president, and I'll be right back.
Well, I thought that... well, the way it always works is that SGA president does a count, then the SGA advisor, you know, for the two independent counts.
What?  Right.  So let's start counting.
You will.
I hope so
You'll be fine.
I'm scared, Mr. M. I kind of don't feel ready for college.
Take as much room as you want
What a surprise.
Would you sign it for me?
Oh, is this...?  God. First one of these I haven't been in for a long time.
I just have to get something. I'll be right back.
Swallows, unsure what heaven or hell awaits him.
I want you to do something for me.
My house.
What's this?
I've got an idea.
Well, I... I... that's very nice of you.
Nooo.  I just thought...  l mean, I am looking for a new car.  But I just thought, well, I'm going away soon, and you'll be stuck here and, I don't know, I just think maybe if things had been different we might have been, well, friends. Real friends.  And then things would be different.  Don't you think?
Coming to see me.  Are you trying to. . humiliate me?
Doing what?
Why are you doing this?
Yes?
So Tracy?
That sounds good.
And this model comes with ABS and dual air bags standard.
Uh-huh.
Plenty of pep, too.
Yeah.
Handles pretty good, don't you think?
Anywhere you want.  Just so long as we're not gone more than a half-hour.
Where to?
Sporty.
So, are you looking for something sporty or more practical?
Good for you.  Good for you
Well, I got in everywhere I applied, but Cornell is my first choice.
Huh.  Right.  College.  Wow.  Where are you going?  Where 'd you get into?
My mother's buying me a new car for college.
Oh.  New cars.  I see.  Well, you came to the right place
I'm looking at new cars.
So what brings you here?
Hello, Tracy.
Hello, Mr. M.
That said, the whole point of an election is to choose winners, and that you have done.  We'll begin with president.
Act surprised. Walk slowly to the podium.  Be modest.  Thank them for this incredible honor.
That's enough, Tracy.  Quit while you're ahead, okay?  I'll handle this.  Could you ask Walt to come in?
I told you!  I told you!  You're going to pay for my banner!
You're off the hook. Tammy here has confessed.
What do you mean?
Looks like today's your lucky day
Yes?
And I think certain older persons like you and your "colleague" shouldn't be leaching after their students, especially when some of them can't even get their own wives pregnant.  And they certainly shouldn't be running around making slanderous accusations. Especially when certain young, naive people's mothers are para-legal secretaries at the city's biggest law firm and have won many successful lawsuits. And if you want to keep questioning me like this, I won't continue without my attorney present.
I agree.  But I also think certain young and naive people need to thank their lucky stars and be very, very grateful the whole school didn't find out about certain indiscretions which could have ruined their reputations, and chances to win certain elections.
I don't know what you're referring to, but I do know that if certain older and wiser people hadn't acted like such little babies and gotten all mushy, everything would be okay.
This isn't the time or the place to get into it, but there is, for just one example, a certain former colleague of mine, who made a very big mistake, a life mistake.  I think the lesson there is that, old and young, we ail make mistakes, and we have to learn that our actions, all of them, can carry serious consequences.  You're very young, Tracy underage, in fact -- but maybe one day you'll understand.
Why are you lecturing me?
You're a very intelligent girl, Tracy. You have many admirable qualities.  But someday maybe you'll learn that being smart and always being on top and doing whatever you need to do to get ahead, and yes, stepping on people to get there, well, there's a lot more to life than that.  And in the end, you're only cheating yourself.
well, I don't know.  It could have been anybody.  There are a lot of, you know, subversive elements around Millard.  You know, like Rick Thieson and Kevin Speck and those burn-outs.  Or Doug Schenken - what about him?  Or what about Tammy Metzier?  Her whole thing is being anti- this and anti-that.
Okay, Tracy, so who do you think did it?  Whom should we "interrogate?"
I don't.  I just know they were there when I left.  I'm giving you helpful information is all.  You know, instead of wasting time interrogating me, we should be out there trying to find out who did this.
6:30.  How do you know what time the posters were torn down?
I was.  So?  Mr. Pecharda let me in. As you know, with all my responsibilities I often come in on the weekend and have permission to do so. But I left very early, around 6:30.
Were you or were you not working in the Watchdog office over the weekend?
Mr. M., I am running on my qualifications.  I would never need to resort to, you know, to vandalism like a, you know... Plus, my own best banner was torn down.  Did I do that too?
Wait - are you accusing me? You're not serious.  I can't... Mr. McAllister, we have worked together on SGA for three solid years and... I mean, I can't believe it. I'm... I'm shocked!
A travesty.  Huh.  That's interesting, because I think you did it.
If it's about the posters, I think it's so awful. It's a travesty.
I guess you know why you're here
Look, why don't we just forget about Tammy?  We'll have the assembly tomorrow, everybody'll make their speeches, and I'm sure everything will be fine.
Tim Kobza?  Tim Kobza!  Who's he? I've never heard of him!
Looks like Tim Kobza.
These are a bunch of burn-outs. And look at this one, I can't even read this one.
As far as I know, they--
Are you sure all her signatures are real?  It's not easy to get all those signatures.
Calm down, Tracy.  Just calm down.
You're the advisor.  You should stop her.  She's not qualified.  She's just a sophomore.
So like I was saying, things were going pretty well in my life.
Fuck me, Mr. McAllister
Good luck, Tracy.
Okay. That's good. I just wanted to make sure.
Sure
You know, Mr. M., when I win the presidency, that means you and I are going to be spending a lot of time together next year.  And I for one would like that time to be harmonious and productive. Wouldn't you?
Yeah.  Okay.  well, good luck Tracy
Hell, you know, Coca-Cola's the world's number one soft drink, but they spend more money than anybody on advertising. I guess that's how come they stay number one.
Should be easy.  So far no competition.
I can't wait to start campaigning.
You bet.
Thanks for everything.
Okay, fine. Sure
I thought you were supposed to keep them.
NO, that's fine
Aren't you supposed to keep them?
Looks good to me.
Right
Could you approve them now?  I'd like to kick off my campaign right away, you know, in the morning.
You can put those in my box.  I'll look at them tomorrow.
Here they are.
Hey, that's super
I got all my signatures.  One hundred and fifty-eight -- way more than I need!
Oh.  There's one more thing about Tracy I think you should know.
...the rules of conduct determined by a culture at a...
Now at the end of her junior year, Tracy was poised to win the presidency of the student body.  And so far she was running unopposed.
Ethics are...
Tracy.
I know.
Okay.  But we're still missing something key here.  What are we missing?
Thanks, Mr. M.
Well, good luck there, Tracy
Yes, I do.
You know what they say about the early bird.
Not wasting any time, are you, Tracy?
Good morning, Mr. McAllister.
Oh yeah, you bet.
Well, that speech she gave -- it was pretty, you know, pretty out there.  But we'll get to the bottom of it.  Don't you worry. Mr. McAllister is going to see to that.  Right, Jim?
Even tried you at home.  We've got a situation here.
Nowhere.  I don't have class until second period.
Jim, where the hell have you been?
Yeah... whatever.  All I know is she's a troublemaker.  She's on my list.
Walt, we can't throw her out of the election just because we don't like her speech.  That's not what student government's about.
That little bitch made a fool of us I want her out of the election. Getting everybody all riled up like that.  She's finished, you hear me? Washed up.
Thanks. Well. I'm going home now.
Okay, Jim. I understand.
Walt will be speaking with you about this, but I need you to find someone to take over my classes. The lesson plans for the rest of the year are in my top right drawer.
Oh.  Okay.
Walt needs to see you.
Hmm?
Uh, Jim?
Life would go on, and I would certainly be a stronger and wiser person from the experience.
I have proof.
I don't believe you.
I don't know. All I know is I did it I
Which door?
Door was open.
And how did you get in the school?
I don't know. Yesterday.  Sunday.
Exactly when?
This weekend.
And when did you do it?
I did it.
Looks at her skeptically  doesn't say a word.
I'm the one.  I did it.  I tore down Paul's posters.
What is it. Tammy?
Well, this is hard for me, but I think it's important to be honest. Don't you?
So... what do you have to tell me?
Okay.  Because I know who did it.  So.. I'll just be outside.
Possibly.  Please just wait outside.
Okay.  But is this about the posters?
Just wait outside. Tammy.
You wanted to see me, Mr. M.?
Me?  I took advantage of you?  You hugged me!  You kissed me!  You're the one who --
I was lonely.  You took advantage
A mistake?  That was no mistake.
We made a mistake.  Let's not make it worse.
It's the only true thing I know anymore.
Don't say that.  You know it's not true.
Sherry... I love you.
Yeah.  I'm here.
You're there.
What do you want, Jim?
Three twenty-five.
Three twenty-five.
Easy, tiger.  Come by after school. I'll leave Darryl with the sitter.
Right now?
Take me to that motel.  Like you wanted.
Hey Yeah?
We'll let it run awhile
Yep.
Still clear?
All his life.  He's tried everything.
No, I... uh, didn't know that
Did you know Dave's a bed wetter?
Dave.
Shall we give it a name?
Oh.
points at the motel.
Should we get a what?
So what do you think?  Should we get a room?
You sure?
Oh, come on.  You've had a hard year, you're cooped up with the kid all the time.  Let go; live a little.
I can't afford this stuff right now.
Okay.  Give me the drill.
More this way.
Here?
Without Dave around. Sherry needed a lot of help around the house.
Sure.
Could you get this? I can't
Your novel? Are you fucking kidding me?
After Dave got fired, Sherry kicked him out of the house and filed for divorce.
Don't worry about Tracy.  She'll be fine.
Just one more thing.  So, Mr. M., uh, do you think Tracy's going to be okay? I saw her face after the assembly, and I think she's taking it pretty hard.
Oh, okay.  Yeah, sorry.
Paul... Paul.... We'll have plenty of time to get into all this later.  A whole year, in fact. Right now I just need to finish my pie and get home.
And on Halloween we could have a haunted house.  But a really good haunted house, not like those cheesy bad ones.  You know, more like the radio station ones.  This one would be really scary.  And for Homecoming -- well, you know how last year's theme was -
Why don't you guys go sit down, okay? I'll catch up in a minute? I want to talk to Mr. M. about some important stuff.
Oh, no.  No.  I'm just finishing up here, and I've got to get home.
Exactly.  So what do you say?  Maybe it's time to give a little something back.
I also like bananas.
Fine.  Let's say all you ever knew was apples.  Apples, apples and more apples. You might think apples were pretty good, even if you occasionally got a rotten one. Then one day there's an orange. And now you can make a decision. Do you want an apple, or do you want an orange? That's democracy.
No, wait -- apples.  Apples.
Okay, let's say
takes a piece of chalk from the lip of the blackboard.
Huh?  Oh.  Uh... pears
Paul, what's your favorite fruit?
Yeah.  But one person assured of victory kind of undermines the whole idea of a democracy, doesn't it? That's more like a... well, like a dictatorship, like we studied.
And she's super-nice
Yeah, no, she's a go-getter, all right.
Who, me?  Nooo.  I never... I don't know anything about that stuff, Mr. M. Besides, that's Tracy Flick's thing. She's always working so hard and --
Let me give you a clue.  You're a born leader.  You're one of the most popular students at Millard.  You're honest and straightforward.  You don't choke under pressure, as we all saw in that amazing fourth quarter against Westside.  The other kids look up to you.  What does that spell?
What do you mean?
But you've got a big choice right now. You can choose to be depressed about it for the rest of your life. Or you can choose to see it for what it really is: an opportunity.  I personally think you have a big future ahead of you, and I don't mean the fleeting glory of sports.
Yeah.
I know.  I understand disappointment. I really do.
I wanted to play next year so bad I could taste it.  And maybe go on to...
Paul, I know you've been pretty down since your accident.
Larry, you just take it easy
You said I was a liar   You're the liar, you're the --
I'm telling you. Dr. Hendricks, every vote was accounted for.
Whoa! Easy, Fouch. I don't like where you're going.
If you say so.
And 290 "disregards," right?
Sorry. My figures work out exactly the same as Jim's. 256 for Paul, 255 for Tracy.
No way I It doesn't make sense.
253... 254... 255. I get the same as you Jim. Looks like Paul's our president.
Well, I do.
I don't care.
But other people can see them too.
I know.
These are private -- these are for us.
So?
People can see this.
What?
Are you crazy?
I'm not a dyke, okay, and we're not in love. We were just... I was just experimenting.
What...?
I'm not like you.
Where 're you going?
I told you ... I can't. I just -- It doesn't feel right anymore, you know?
What?
Oh, no, hey.  Like I said. Tammy wouldn't... she...
It was Tammy I  That's who it was.
We still have some extra ones, don't we?  Maybe we can just --
I don't know.  You're her brother you should know.
For what?
I mean at you.
For what?
She's doing this to get back at me
It's a conflict of interest.  And Paul was first.
We can't both run, can we?  We're brother and sister.  Can we?
Sorry.
Uhhh... teeth. Teeth.
Thanks.  You too.  It was great working with you.
Have a great summer.  And good luck at college.
Yes, Paul?
Oh, yeah, sure.  Hey Nolan, give my book to Tracy when you're done*
Can I sign yours too?
Sure, Tracy.
Paul, will you sign my yearbook?
You know, I don't understand why everybody bad-mouthed Tracy all the time.  She was always super- nice to me.
Yeah.
Yeah, you too, Tracy.  I'm just glad it's over.
Paul, I just want you to know that no matter how this turns out, you've run a wonderful campaign. It's been fun competing with you.
Thanks!
Good luck to you too, Paul.
Hell, good luck!
Yeah.
Way to go, Tracy!  Isn't this exciting?
Okay, Mr. Popular.  You're on.
Well, I mean, you know, I talked to him and everything, but he just said he thought it was a good idea... and how there's all different kinds of fruit and...  It's nothing against you, Tracy. You're the best.  I just thought --
So Mr. McAllister asked you to run.
Well, see, I was talking to Mr. McAllister about my leg and everything... and how I still want to, you know, do something for the school and --
Thought what?
No.  Uh... I just... you know, I just thought --
You just woke up this morning and suddenly decided to run for president?
What do you mean?
Who put you up to this?
Huh?  Oh, hi, Tracy
Who put you up to this?
Okay.  Great.  I feel good.
Sure, Paul.  No hard feelings.
Yeah.  Oh, one more thing. Tammy. You know, all this election stuff. 'Cause, you know, everyone is saying it's so weird that you're running against me, and, well, it is kind of weird, and you haven't really told me why you're doing it and didn't tell me in advance or anything.  But that's okay, you know.  l respect your privacy.  I just want you to know that no matter who wins, if it's you or me, there's no hard feelings. We're still brother and sister.  Okay? Cause... and I hope you feel the same.
Now could you leave me alone?
Okay, Paul.  Thanks.  Thanks a lot.
I just thought, well, last time you got suspended you fell so behind and -
Oh.  Hi, Tammy.  I was just, you know, I went to all your teachers and got your assignments.
What do you want?
You know how they say one day a big meteor might come and crash into the Earth and kill everybody? Well, I think that would be a good thing.
What'd I do?
You dumbshit!
So Mr. M. calls me in and tells me --
Paul, get out!
Yeah.  So guess what happened.  So Mr. McAllister, he --  Oh hi. Lisa.
Don't you fucking knock?
Hey, Tammy, guess what happened today.
You wanna buy your brother ten years...?  You don't have to say anything.  Just look at this list and point.  Here.
You wanna get me a fuckin' snitch jacket?
We're looking for three colored guys who like to pop off shotguns. One of 'em owns a purple Merc coupe.
How'd you like to make it 1960?  I know the judge and Sergeant Exley here is friends with hte D.A.
Till 19-fucking-70.
You got a brother up in Folsom.  I know because I put him there.
What do you want, Mr. Policeman?
I saw you fight Kid Gavilan.  I like your style.
What's it to you?
How's the left these days?
No.  Now.  You fucked him.
In the morning.
So tell me about it.
We talked.
You gonna tell me what happened with you and Exley?
Come in out of the rain, Bud.
How'd you get to know so much about him?
He's the opposite of you.  He's more like me.  Cold, calculating.
I want to know about Exley.
Come in out of the rain.  In the morning we'll have both our stories for breakfast.
Did you talk to Exley?
That simple, huh?
You found Patchett.  You found me. You're smart enough.  Be a detective if that's what you want.
I used to.  What I do now is strong-arm.  Sitting duck stuff... No, I don't like it.  If I could work Homicide like a real detective...
Do you like being a cop, Bud?
Yeah.  But not for long.
So you saved her.
When I was ten, my old man threw a bottle at my mother.  I guess I got in the way.
It doesn't matter.  All they get is Veronica Lake.  You got the real Lynn Margaret Bracken...  Where'd this come from?
It's Bud.
I wondered when you might ring the bell again, Officer White.
Forget I asked.  It was a mistake.
If it's a date I think you'd better tell me your first name because I --
I don't know.
Are you asking me for a date or an appointment?
Look.  I want to see you again.
No.  I'm really a brunette, but the rest is me.  And that's all the news that's fit to print.
He had you cut to look like Veronica Lake?
He takes a cut of our earnings and invests it for us.  He makes us quit the life at thirty.  He doesn't let us use narcotics and he doesn't abuse us.  Can your policeman's mentality grasp those contradictions?
You look better than Veronica Lake.  Now, <u>Pierce Patchett</u>.
Actually, it was two.  You're different, Officer White.  You're the first man in five years who didn't tell me I look like Veronica Lake inside of a minute.
Yeah, just like the half dozen guys you screwed today.
But you did it anyway.
I'm not sure.
Did they deserve it today?
When they deserve it.
Do you enjoy it?
Yeah.
There's blood on your shirt.  Is that an integral part of your job?
You fuck for money.
You say 'fuck' a lot.
Maybe I'm just fucking curious.
I remember you from Christmas Eve.  You have a thing for helping women, don't you, Officer White?
Miss Bracken, don't ever try to fucking bribe me or threaten me or I'll have you and Patchett in shit up to your ears.
It's Lynn.
You want some advice, Miss Bracken?
He's waiting for you to mention mention.
Tell me about Patchett.
Pierce meets people.  Sue came on the bus with dreams of Hollywood.  This is how they turned out.  Thanks to Pierce, we still get to act a little.
How'd she meet Patchett?
Like I said we were friendly, not friends.
Did Lefferts have a boyfriend?
I don't know.  I never heard of the Nite Owl till today.
Why was Susan Lefferts at the Nite Owl?
That's right.  Our motives are selfish, so we're cooperating.
Yeah I know.  Patchett's running whores and judging by his address, probably something bigger on the side.  He doesn't want any attention.
Yes.  But do you know?
You use words like that, you might make me mad.
No I haven't.  Do you know why Pierce is humoring you?
Have you ever heard of Dick Stensland?
Of course I am.  What kind of question is that?
Are you sorry she's dead?
I was friendly with Sue Lefferts, but we weren't really friends. You know what I mean?
Yeah, plain scotch.
Can I get you a drink?
It's not what you think.
Somebody hit you?
It's practically stamped on your forehead.
That obvious, huh?
Merry Christmas yourself, <u>Officer</u>.
Merry Christmas.
Sure, boss.  Sure you can.
You have your extracurricular secrets, I have mine.  We'll hold a clarification session soon.  For now, I need your fearsome old habits at the Victory Motel. We're going to brace a man who may know who killed Jack Vincennes. Can I count on you?
You lost me, Dudley.  I don't know what you're talking about.
Imagine crime limited to the criminal element who perpetrate it. Imagine the means to keep the nigger filth sedated.  But don't stop there.  Extrapolate.  Imagine the police in control.  It's big, lad.
I've long been involved in containing hard crime in such a way that myself and a few colleagues might someday enjoy a profit dispensation.  That day will soon be here and you'll share handsomely.  Grand means will be in our hands, Wendell. 
What work?
You're perplexing to me these days, Wendell.  You're not your old, cruel self anymore.  I need proof that the extracurricular work I had planned for you remains within your grasp.
You've got it, Wendell.
Give me one minute.
How'd you get them to retract?
How what, Wendell?
Of course... But how?
Will you work for me?
Homicide?  A detective?
I need you for an assignment the Chief's given me the go-ahead on. A duty few men are fit for, but you were born for.  You'll be working out of Homicide.
How?
Four of the defendants recanted their testimony.
I knew you had juice, but... There's no goddamn bill on me?
They're yours.  Take them.
Doing what?  Mowing your fucking lawn?
Wendell, I want you to come to work for me.
<u>What do you want</u>?
Don't underestimate his skills. As a politician he exceeds even myself.  But the department needs smart men like Exley and... direct men like yourself
Him and me both.  <u>Fucking Exley</u>.
Your partner's through. Department scapegoat on the Chief's orders.  He's been billed, he'll be indicted and he'll swing.
He helped me out once.  That's all.
It would've happened years ago if you hadn't carried him.  Why the loyalty, Wendell?
What's going to happen to Stensland?  He'll give himself cirrhosis over this.  <u>He's one</u> <u>year from his pension</u>.
And for good reason judging from what I know of your background.
Yeah, I hate them.
Lad, I admire your refusal to testify and your loyalty to your partner.  I admire you as a policeman, particularly your adherence to violence as a necessary adjutant to the job. And I am most impressed with your punishment of wife beaters.  Do you hate them, Wendell?
Dudley, what do you want?
Call me Dudley.
Captain, what do you want?
He made his play amd he got what he wanted.  They're making him a detective.
Does that paper say we've been indicted?  Does it say Exley's a hero for squealing me and Stensland off?
Say goodnight to your friend and join me by those back tables.
This business, Captain?
Lad, may I have a word with you?
It's confidential, Bud.  Like that magazines Vincennes scams for. <u>Hush-Hush</u>.  I'll see you tomorrow.  And hey, if it works out, you'll get a piece of it.
What are you talking about?
No.  I'll tell you sometime.  Not now.  Don't want to jinx it.  But it could take the edge off that jail time I got coming.
What?  That new mystery girl you've been seeing?
Rain check me, partner.  I got something big going on tonight.
Yeah, sure... I got a couple of hours before I have to be at the Victory.  Want to grab a beer?
Don't look so down in the mouth, Bud.  You nailed him good.
I got to write my report first.
Hey, partner.  Grab a cup.
Seen him around.  He used to be a cop.
You know him?
Yeah.  A great big one.
Was it... a rat?
I came home that night and there was blood on the floor.  Susan said Stams -- Stens had cut himself.  They were acting nervous.  And that Stens kept going under the house.
Easy.  Tell me about the ruckus.
Don't mind the smell.  I think a rat died behind the wall... My Susie was a good girl!
No!  Please leave!
What's through here?
You said a neighbor heard a ruckus.  Was it outside, inside?
That's him.  That's him.
Look at a picture for me.
Maybe.  I don't know.
Stens?  Was it Stens?
We were never properly introduced. Susan and I were fighting that day.  She called him by a nickname.  Muns or Lunts or something.
What was that boyfriend's name?
Susie, I told you I didn't approve of that boyfriend.  He was too old for you.  You let him come into this house and be fresh to me.  I went out one day and old Mrs. Jensen next door saw Susan's boyfriend and another man and thought she heard a ruckus.
Ma'am, I'm sure she was.
First I want to go on record as saying that my Susie was a virgin when she died.
Tell me about the boyfriend she had.  The one you mentioned at the morgue.
Five minutes.  That's all.
Let my daughter rest in peace.
Mrs. Lefferts, I'm Officer White with the L.A.P.D.  I'd like to ask a couple of questions.
I spent years trying not to live down to mine. 
You know, all I ever wanted was to measure up to my father.
A lot of bad stuff happened here. It's as good a place as any for it to end.
You figured this was a set-up? And you showed up anyway?
Me?  You called it.  I got a message that...
You wanted to meet here?
We should check the records, and, we should talk to Lynn.
They never made a match on the shotgun serial numbers.  What if Breuning and Carlisle took them from the evidence room?  Couple of cold pieces that had been hanging around a year or two.
If I let you go, there'll be ten more lawyers to take your place tomorrow.  They just won't come on the bus, that's all.
Bud...
Jack thought he was up to his neck in all this.
What about him?
Ellis Loew.
<u>Lynn</u>.
Patchett's dead.  He sent you after me.  I'd say Dudley's tying up his loose ends.
At least not anymore.
We had one thing figured wrong.  I don't think Dudley workd for Patchett.
He had help getting up there.  Two of his fingers are broken.
It's a suicide note.  Says he killed Jack because Jack had figured out a pornography scam Patchett was running.
Patchett uses a lot of ex-cop muscle.
You expecting problems?
Which one are you and which one am I?
Let's go see Pierce Patchett.  Run a good-cop-bad-cop.
With a wrecking ball.  You want to help me swing it?
There are no rules!  Why the fuck are you doing this?  The Nite Owl made you.  You want to tear all that down.
Stay smart, Bud.  We build a case. We play by the rules.
For Jack, for Stensland, for anybody else who got in the way. I've been trying to be smart.  A detective.  But killing those two fuckers, that would be justice.
What?
Let's just kill them.
Pierce Patchett figures in, too. That's the angle Jack was working. Dudley must work for Patchett.
It's Dudley for the Nite Owl.
It all keeps coming back to Dudley.
They didn't find the shotguns. They planted them.
Dudley's guys.
The first guys to the car when Jack and I got there were Bruening and Carlisle.
Dudley.
It wasn't the Negroes.  The Griffith Park report was a phony. And, who says the purple Merc was spotted outside the Nite Owl?
Somebody got wind of it, killed them all.
The Nite Owl!  Stensland was going there to sell the heroin.
Then something goes wrong.  Meeks gets killed.  Maybe Stens got greedy, killed Meeks and left him under his girlfriend's house.  The night he died, Stens was all mysterious.  Said he had something big going down.
<u>Stensland and Buzz Meeks</u>.  Two-man triggers knocking off Mickey Cohen lieutenants.  When they killed Deuce Perkins, they got heroin as a bonus.
Johnny Stompanato told me when Meeks disappeared, he was trying to move the 18 pounds of heroin that went missing when Deuce Perkins was shot.
Stensland and Meeks.  What were they up to?
I knew Stensland and Meeks knew each other.  Meeks was with Sue Lefferts on Christmas Eve.  The night I met Lynn.  Lefferts' mother I.D.ed Stensland as Lefferts' boyfriend, but Stens pretended he didn't know either one of them.
She told you?
Lynn.
Why?
You don't know what the word means, you dumb bastard.
It'll look like justice.  That's what that fat fuck got.  <u>Justice</u>.
How's it going to look on your report?
Get the fuck away from me.
A naked guy with a gun?  You expect anyone to believe that?
Officer White, put down that weapon and --
One in six.  Where's the girl?
Someone held up a coffee shop, panicked and killed six people.
What happened?
Hell of a way to avoid a prison sentence.
Yeah, that's Stens.
It's a surprise.  You like surprises, don't you, White?
Where are we going?
Of course... this is personal with you, isn't it, Mr. White?
I got her address.
No, Mr. White.  Pierce Morehouse Patchett.  Now, I sense you're on your best behavior, but that's all I'll give you.  If you persist, I'll meet you with my attorney. Now, would you like Miss Bracken's address?  I doubt she knows anything, but --
That's why her mother couldn't I.D. her... Jesus fucking Christ.
There's Gardner, Hepburn, Grable, Turner.  Lynn Bracken is my Veronica Lake.  I use girls who look like movie stars.  Sometimes I employ a plastic surgeon.
What little studio?
I needed a Rita Hayworth to fill out my little studio.
Wait.  Our deal still holds?
You wanna go downtown and discuss this officially?
I think she'd been hit in the face with a tennis racket.  She is -- was -- a big doubles fan.
Why were Lefferts' eyes black?
Then listen closely, because I'll only say this once and if it gets repeated, I'll deny it.  I run call girls.  Lynn Bracken is one of them and so was Susan Lefferts. I treat my girls very well.  I have grown daughters, myself, and I don't like the thought of women being hurt.  I sense you share this feeling.
That's right.
Then you wouldn't feel obligated to report them?
No.
Do you care about criminal matters peripheral to Susan's murder?
I don't have one.  Lefferts looked beat-up Christmas Eve, but didn't act it.  How come?
Against your code?
Thanks, but no thanks.
He no longer works for me.  Find Susan's killer, Mr. White. I'll give you a handsome reward. <u>Whatever you desire</u>.
Where's the other guy?  Buzz.
Sue Lefferts died at the Nite Owl. I'm investigating.
Of course...
We met outside Hollywood Liquors on Christmas Eve.  This is where Lynn Bracken's booze bills go.
You know I do or you wouldn't be here.  How did you find me?
Officer White.  How about Susan Lefferts?  You know her?
I don't know him.  Mr...
Richard Stensland.
I was here, hosting a party.  Who was killed and why do you think I can help?
I'm a homicide detective.  Where were you last night?
I am.  Are you soliciting for police charities?  The last time, you people called at my office.
Are you Pierce Patchett?
I'm not asking you.
She's fine.
I don't know.  I swear it!
He's under a tract house in San Berdoo.  And he don't smell too good.  What happened to the heroin, Johnny?
Meeks is probably in Rio or someplace like that by now.
Deuce Perkins.  Mickey C's narcotics lieutenant.  The night he got clipped, eighteen pounds of Mickey's heroin went missing.
Bullshit.  Where would a two-bit ex-cop get 18 pounds of heroin?
Before Meeks disappeared he was popping off about trying to move eighteen pounds of heroin.
How 'bout I give you your balls back?
More's gonna cost you.
More.
Oh, yeah.  That was a long time ago.  Before your day.  The last few years he's been muscle for hire.  But I heard he's disappeared.
His file listed you as a known associate.  Now spill.
Should I?
You remember an ex-cop named Buzz Meeks?  He works for a guy named Patchett.
What do you want, <u>officer</u>?
I ain't your <u>paesano</u>, you wop cocksucker.
Wendell White, how's tricks, <u>paesano</u>?
And you fuck people up for a living.  That don't make me you. <u>Capisce</u>, shitbird?
Officer White.  I heard you got a hard-on for wife beaters.
Yeah, so...
It's like they knew they were going to kill everyone before they went in...
What do you mean?
It doesn't exactly play like dumb panic.
Exactly.  At least one of those animals had the brains to protect his ears.
<u>Ear plugs</u>.
Cotton balls.  I found them just inside the meat locker door.
Dick Stensland.  Had to be dumb panic.  If she knew him she would've been sitting with him... Right?
But she's moving away from the door.  Who was sitting at this table?
It looks like she was flailing, trying to get away.
If she was sitting here, then it's facing the wrong way.  What are these smears in the blood?
Susan Lefferts.
Whose shoe?
You mean beside the fact that thirty-five out of forty-five rounds were gratuitous?  I can't think of anything.
Anything off.  Anything that didn't make sense.
What do you want to know?
I'm tying up loose ends.  Padding my report.  You know how it goes.
I don't know if you read the papers, but that case is closed.
I got a few Nite Owl questions.
Bud White, what brings you down to the basement?
All right, Ed.  Call Sergeant Vincennes.
Jack Vincennes.  He's the technical advisor on 'Badge of Honor,' sir.  He lives for it. That's the way to get him.
I know that, sir.  I also know that when he made lieutenant, it was as a detective.
Ed, you're 30.  Your father didn't make lieutenant until he was 33.
And I'll promote you.  You'll be a lieutenant immediately.
I'll testify, sir.  I'm not afraid to do what's right.
I want to know who we give the public in contrast?  The department needs role models. Clean-cut, <u>forthright</u> men the public can admire.
The public demands justice, sir. This was a full-fledged riot of policemen.  Shift the guilt to men whose pensions are secured.  Force them to retire.  But someone has to swing.  Indict, try and convict Stensland and Bud White.  Secure them jail time.  Feed them to the sharks, sir.  Protect yourself; protect the department.
Ed, your observations have been astute.  What's your assessment of this situation?
Just show me where they are!
I don't have time.  I have --
Where are the police academy files?
Someone must've pulled the records.
So on active duty, Meeks didn't make an arrest from 1938 to '43.
Nothing.
Anything?
Until he gunned down six people.
More or less.
Clean?
I got the rap sheets on the black guys, sir.  Coates and Jones got charges a mile long.  But except for some kid stuff, Fontaine's clean.
Where do they get their stuff? Come on.  Give me one to feed the D.A.  Just a little one.
Ty and Larry fuck with that shit, not me.
Were you on hop?  You were passed out when you got arrested.  Were you hopped up, Ray?
I got nothin' more to say till I see a judge.
You guys were arrested this morning, but none of you have last night's clothes.  <u>You</u> were seen burning them.  Add to that the fact that you hid the car you were cruising around in last night and it doesn't look good.
Say what?
Why were you throwing clothes in the building incinerator?
I don't own no shotguns.
Ray, we got the shotguns.
Man, what're you saying?
Oh?  you feel that way about people, too?
Dogs got no reason to live.
I heard you like to shoot dogs.
You ain't woofin' I did.  Stupid down home niggers got no more sense than a fuckin' dog.
Ray, you protected Ty and Larry up in Casitas, didn't you?
Man, why're you talkin' about Larry?  His business is his business.
Nothing, Ray.  That Larry, he's a pisser.  You did the Casitas Youth Camp with him, didn't you?
Believed what?
That fucking Larry.  I almost believed him.
I never truck with no sissies!
Just getting my facts straight. Twenty-two makes it a gas chamber bounce. You should have pulled this caper a couple of years ago.  Get life, do a little Youth Authority jolt, transfer to Folsom a big man. Orbit on some of that good prison brew, get yourself a sissy --
Man, why do you keep asking me that?
You look like Robinson after that last LaMotta fight.  'Course LaMotta looked a lot worse.  So you're twenty-two, right?
Did one of the officers work you over a little?
Say what and so what.
You're twenty-two, aren't you, Ray?
Some ferstunkener is moving in and we don't know who?!  Maybe we should ask Hedda Hopper!
Gone.  Not a trace.
And what about the merchandise Deuce was holding for me?
Nobody.  At least not yet.
I don't want a floor plan; I want to know who!  Who's taking the ticket for this, Johnny?
They shot him in his library.
What do you mean Deuce Perkins got clipped last night?!
In my car.  Blackmail shit.  The trunk under the carpet.  Patchett got me to photograph a cop fucking this gorgeous cunt Lynn, looks just like Veronicaaa --
And?
He runs call girls.  Primo tail. Fixed up like movie stars.
Reciprocity, Mr. Hudgeons, is the key to all relationships.
And what?
And?
Okay.  Okay.  Everyone knows Patchett's worth a boat-load of greenbacks.  From aviation, freeway construction.  But the man has hobbies, too.  He bankrolls B movies under the table and runs movie star look-alike hookers. And try this on:  he's rumored to be a periodic heroin sniffer.  All in all a powerful behind-the- scenes strange-o.
Alright.  We'll drop that line for now.  Next topic.  Please comment on Pierce Patchett.
Okay so we worked together.  It was an information exchange.  I got him first class collars and he got me good stories.  We were friends for Chrissakes!
What does that have to do --
But you were business associates?
Take it easy!  I didn't have anything to do with him getting killed if that's what you mean.
Trashcan Jack.  The Big V.  I can tell you he's on the Night Train to the big adios.
It's for your own safety.  Now what can you tell us about Sergeant John Vincennes?
I'm happy to cooperate.  You don't need to tie me down.
This is Mr. Hudgeons, Wendell.
<u>Really</u>?  Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis?
Something like that.
Why not, lad?  Absolute justice?
<u>No</u>.
Absolutely.  Prostitution and gambling are victimless crimes. The heroin we'll run down to the coloreds.  Anesthetize them.  As long as it's not a middle class problem, no one will care.  It's still a crime free city... for respectable people.
And now you'll provide them.
A vacuum, Edmund.  That's what we have in Los Angeles.  Sending Mickey Cohen up created it.  My containment work maintained it. Certain photographs guarantee it. Organized crime has been held back, but there's still a demand for the services it provides.
Why?
Jack was a shame, but Dick Stensland had the audacity to try to sell me my own heroin.  Through his whore girl friend.  I sent him to make the buy.  The rest is history.
Tell that to Jack Vincennes.  To Stensland.
I'm loathe to kill my brother officers, Edmund.
Anonymous.  Probably nothing.
No... Where'd the tip come from?
Something's wrong.  I feel it inside.  Doesn't that sound crazy?
There always are.  But there are also three men and three guns. Matched forensically.  A few loose ends don't matter.
There are loose ends out there, Dudley.  I --
She may still be alive, whoever she is.
Don't get sidetracked.  Stay with the Nite Owl.
I'll break them, sir.
Ed, I want confessions.
Get on it.
We got a call earlier on three Negro youths.  Firing shotguns in Griffith Park from a late-model purple Mercury Coupe.
Why?
It's mine.  I'll make you my second in command.
Yes, I do, sir.
Edmund, you don't want it and you can't have it.
Sir, I took the call.  It's my case.
His blood's always up.
You should stay away from a man when his blood is up.
So be it.
Yes, Dudley.  I am.
You'll reap the benefits, but are you truly prepared to be despised within the department?
No, Edmund.  He's a man who can answer yes to those questions I ask you from time to time.
White's a mindless thug.
Stensland's a disgrace.  Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under.  But White is a valuable officer.
At least get rid of the glasses. I can't think of one Bureau man who wears them.
I know you mean well, Dudley, but I don't need to do it the way you did.  Or my father.
Then for God's sake, don't be a detective.  Stick to assignments where you won't have to make those choices.  Patrol, Internal Affairs, but not the Bureau.
No.
Would you be willing to shoot hardened criminals in the back to offset the chance --
No.
Would you be willing to beat confessions out of suspects you knew to be guilty?
No.
Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis...?  Yes or no, Edmund.
I... No.
Answer yes or no.
Dudley, we've been over this.
Am I...?  Would you be willing to plant corroborative evidence on a suspect you knew was guilty in order to ensure an indictment?
You're wrong.
I was thinking Detective Bureau.
You'll make lieutenant inside a year.  Patrol division?
The youngest applicant by eight years.
That was his favorite toast.  I saw the test results on the lieutenant's exam.  You placed first out of twenty-three.
Not even with Exley?
No.
Have you discussed this with anyone else, John?
Don't start trying to do the right thing, John.  You haven't had enough practice.
It's a private investigation.  I fucked something up and I want to make amends.
You're Narco, lad, not Homicide. And since when do you work with Edmund?
Part of it has to do with a murder.  I've been working with Ed Exley on it.
What's this all about, lad?
Twelve years ago he worked a vice roust with Dick Stensland.  They arrested a Pierce Patchett on an extortion scam.  Guy ran hookers. He'd have them photographed with their johns, then double-dip for some blackmail.  Charges got dropped.  Insufficient evidence. You were supervising officer on the case and I was wondering if you remember anything about it.
A disgrace as a policeman. Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under. What about him?
You remember Buzz Meeks, Dudley?
Lucky for you that my wife and four fair daughters are at the beach in Santa Barbara.
Two minutes, Dudley.  It's important.
John Vincennes.  It's three A.M., lad.
I think you'll be surprised what Edmund's capable of.
You think golden boy can handle it, Cap?
Okay.  I'll do it.
John, I doubt you've ever drawn a stupid breath.  Don't start now.
Great.  You get the girl, I get the coroner.
I'm going to Lynn Bracken's.  I'll meet you at the Dining Car.
What are you going to do?
She <u>is</u> Lana Turner.
What?
She is Lana Turner.
Yeah.  But first I want to brace Stompanato.
High line whores.  With plastic surgery to look like movie stars. And who knows what else?  It's run by this guy Pierce Patchett.  You want to talk to him?
What's Fleur-de-Lis?
Movie star hookers.  Whatever you desire... It's Fleur-fr-Lis again.
Rita Hayworth at the morgue and now Veronica Lake with White. What the hell's going on?
Jesus... Maybe White's not so dumb after all.
Bud White.  He sees us and we're dead.
What's that for?
A third.  I don't think we can make a case without Bud White.
Okay, college boy, I'll help you. But I want half the collar.
I want to do it right.
The Nite Owl was solved, Lieutenant.
I've given up angles for awhile. I just want to solve this thing.
I'm trying to figure what angle you're playing <u>this</u> time, but I sure as hell can't see one.
Rollo's the reason I became a cop. I wanted to catch the guys who thought they could get away with it.  It was supposed to be about truth and justice and Rollo.  But somewhere along the way I forgot all that... How about you, Jack? Why'd you become a cop?
So what's the point?
Rollo was a purse snatcher.  My father ran into him off duty.  He shot my father six times and got away clean.  No one even knew who he was.  I made the name up to give him some personality.
Is there more to that, or do I have to guess?
You should be the last person who wants to dig any deeper into the Nite Owl, <u>Lieutenant</u>.
It's a simple question.
What?
Do you make the three Negroes for the Nite Owl killings?
I ain't a priest, Lieutenant.  I can't hear your confession.
Listen, I think I made a mistake, too.
Yeah.  My whole life.
You make a mistake?
Transfer me, suspend me.  Just leave me alone.
Yesterday yes, today no.  What happened last night?
Yesterday that might've meant something.  Pull me off.  You'd be doing me a big favor.
It's not a request.  I need to know what White knows.  Follow him or I'll have you pulled off 'Badge of Honor.'  Permanently.
Even I'm not that crazy.
I want you to follow Bud White.
Damnit... <u>What</u>?
Give me a minute, will ya?
I need to speak to you.
Just don't shoot me.
Glasses.
What?
Damnit...
<u>Shit</u>.  Someone beat us here.
L.A.P.D.
I'm snitching three old timers who'll be fishing in Oregon next week.  Next to you I'm clean.  And smart.
What about you?
You're playing an angle, college boy.  You're getting something out of this so you don't have to hobnob with the fucking rank and file cops who'll hate your guts for snitching.  If they're making you a detective, watch out.  Some Bureau guys are gonna burn in this and you're gonna have to work with friends of theirs.
You're the payoff expert.  I'm just doing my duty.
Yeah, Exley.  What's the payoff?
<u>Throwing me</u>?
I should've known.  What's the Chief throwing you?
That's right.
You're the key witness?
Of his penis, sir?
I get the idea.  You got a description?
With tinsel and plastic icicles and... on his penis, sir.
Decorated?
A guy dressed as Santa has been exposing himself to kids in Los Feliz.  Apparently, sir, he's decorated himself.
What's on the call sheet?
I got Vincennes in the next room. It's not a good week for cops in general.
We got a dead ex-cop and a girl who looks like Rita Hayworth at the Nite Owl.  Another dead ex-cop under the house of Rita's mother. It's not a good week for ex-cops.
Bud White grilled me on it this morning.  You know, he's not as dumb as I thought.
What are you talking about?
Yeah.  The fact that you guys won't let it get filed away.
The Nite Owl.  Anything bothering you about the case?
Hold on... We need to canvass. See if a purple Mercury was seen around here tonight.
We got a total of forty-five spent 12-gauge Remington shotgun shells. Three men with five-shot-capacity pumps.  All of them reloading twice.
Then try talking to my lawyer. Good evening, gentlemen.
Not good enough.
No.
Anything else you want to add before I talk to her?
Why do men and women usually see each other?
Why's she seeing Bud White?
Lynn Bracken.
What's her name?
A vulgar term, but yes.
Is the Veronica Lake look-alike one of your whores?
For the last time.  I may suborn women into illicit activities, but they're handsomely compensated, I treat them well and make sure the men they deal with show them every due respect.
Bud White's been here?
I'll tell you what I told Officer White when he asked me about Susan's death.
Some men get the world.  Others get ex-hookers and a trip to Arizona.
Do you think I ever could've been in the running?
Where is he?
Right now, before I back down.
When?
Bisbee, Arizona.  The air's good for pensioners and I know where everything is.
Where will you go?
I know how he feels.
Okay.  Look, if it helps, Bud hates himself for what he did.
I work for Patchett.  I had a feeling that there was someone else, but I never knew who.
A police captain.  I think he's behind all of this.
Forget everything else for a second, Lynn.  Is there anything you can give me on Dudley Smith?
If I knew you were coming I'd have baked a cake.
Actually, Bud's only tough on the outside.
You, me and White, huh?
Like recognizes like.  I'm pretty tough, myself.
You're the first person to ever call me tough.
You're tougher than Bud thinks you are.
Because you'll use it against me. Won't you?
Why not?
No.  This is the means to the reality.  But I'm not going to tell you what it is.
Some reality.
I came out here with a dream. That's gone, but I settled for reality.
You cut to the heart of things, don't you?  What about Lynn Bracken?  She going to be a hooker all her life?
You don't like that you don't know how to play him.  He doesn't follow the same rules of politics you do.  That makes him dangerous.
I don't hate White.  I really don't.  It's just, in my business, it's the wild cars you have to watch out for.
Does all that make it harder for you to hate him or easier?
I see Bud because he makes me feel like Lynn Bracken and not some Veronica Lake look-alike who fucks for money.  I see him because he doesn't know how to disguise who he is.  There's more if you want to hear it.
I'll take your word for it.
I see Bud because I want to.  I see Bud because he can't hide the warmth he has inside him.
I want to know why you see him. Is it a Patchett payoff?
You want to know what Bud's like in bed?
How about White?
The silver screen's loss is your gain.
You sound like you mean it.
Oh, the best I ever had. Absolutely the best.
How was I?
The way you've underestimated Bud White?
Don't underestimate me, Miss Bracken.
It galls you that I know so much about you.  You don't have information to compete.
Why?
I'm curious about you.
He can take care of himself and I'm not afraid of you.  And you forgot one thing, Lieutenant. Pierce also taught me how to fuck... Can I get you a drink?
Let's concentrate on my smarts. Pierce Patchett made you, didn't he?  He taught you how to dress and talk and think and I am very impressed with the results.  But I need some answers and if I don't get them, I'm going to take you and Patchett down.
He said you were smart.  He also said you were competing with your dead father.  How did he put it? Trying to measure up to a ghost.
Really?  What did White say?
I know who you are.  You're the policeman Bud told me about.
Miss Bracken, I'm Lieutenant Exley.
What's Dudley's scheme?
Okay!  You're right!  Dudley's got photos of me and Reynolds.
I'm not going to dignify youwith answers.  If you'll excuse me, I've got a Jack Vincennes press conference to prepare for.
The proof had his throat slit.  So far you're not denying it.
Do you have any proof?
Without what, his smearing yours first?  What's he got on you, Loew?  Pictures of you and an out of work actor with your pants down?
Absolutely not.  Dudley Smith is a highly decorated member of this city's police department and I won't smear his name without --
None.  Call it a hunch.
On what evidence?
I want D.A. bureau men to tail Dudley Smith twenty-four hours a day; I want you to get a judge to authorize a wire tap on his home phone; I want authorization to check his bank records and I want it all in an hour.
It's okay.  These are police.  <u>What</u> do you want?
I don't doubt it -- Oh, God.
My daughter was a virgin!
All he found were rodents.  No signs of foul play.  So there.
Under the house.
A sweet man.
Officer White?
That other policeman already checked under the house and found not a thing amiss.
Mrs. Lefferts, I just want to ask a few questions.
Let my Susie rest in peace!
At Christmas.  We had fought.  I didn't like her boyfriend.  I -- she has a birthmark on her hip.
When was the last time you saw her, Mrs. Lefferts?
It seems like my Susan, but...
I put Reynolds in the cab myself. The night cost me a hundred scoots and I got bupkis.
Loew didn't go with him.  You're sure?
Jesus.  Jack, that's a story. 'Swish Actor Gets The Gay Blade.' Let me get my camera.
He's dead.  I was just there. Somebody slit his throat.
You didn't get my message?  It got called off.  The kid chickened out at the last minute.
What happened with the kid and Loew?
What's wrong, Trash?
Shut up!
Give me some Narco skinny.  I want to put out an all hop-head issue. Shvartze jazz musicians and movie stars.  Maybe tie it into the Rosenbergs.  You like?
Sid, cut the crap.  I --
Jackie!  You got some good scoop for the Sidster?
Jackie, all I know is what you know.  The man is very rich.  And he's invested in freeway construction so he's gonna get a lot richer.  But that's it. Patchett's what I like to call 'Twilight.'  He ain't queer, he ain't Red, he can't help me in my quest for prime sinuendo.
Around.
Where'd you hear that?
Sid, why would a guy like Pierce Patchett get involved with running dope and hookers?
He's queer too.  Metro paid him two grand a week to fake it with ingenues.  On screen and off.  I'm getting him to fuck the D.A. for a hundred bucks.  That's twice the fifty you got for wrecking his career.
And Reynolds?
How'd you like a little payback? Not to mention a donation to the widows and orphans fund.  Did you know Loew was a swish?
Sure, he just tried to throw me off the force last Christmas as a little joke.
You tight with the D.A., trash?
What's he doing here, Sid?
The Grauman's Chinese pot bust. He just got off the honor farm.
Down around my ankles.
Sid, how are they hanging?
You're back, boychick.
No.  No, I've heard bupkis.  Jack, I'll talk to you later.  Call me when you get something I can use. Smut's from hunger.  For sad sacks who can't get their ashes hauled
What about Fleur-de-Lis?  Their slogan's 'Whatever you desire.'
Not a word.
Don't know.  I'm chasing picture books.  Fuck shots, but the posers don't look like junkies.  It's well done stuff.  I thought you might have heard something.
Something good?
No.  But I've got something going with Ad Vice.
Jackie, are you back on Narco?  I need copy.
Sid, it's Vincennes.
<u>Hush-Hush</u>.  Off the record and on the Q.T.
Yeah, it's subtle.
It's Christmas morning in the City of Angels, and while decent citizens sleep the sleep of the righteous, hopheads prowl for marijuana, not knowing that a man is coming to stop them.  The free- wheeling, big-time Big V, celebrity crime-stopper, Jack Vincennes, the scourge of grasshoppers and junk fiends everywhere.  You like it, Jackie- Boy?
I like it!  I like it!
Stand there with your camera. I'll stop here so you get Grauman's Chinese in the backgrouns.
They're sitting in the dark, goofing on the Christmas tree.
No.  It's felony possession of marijuana.
Jack!  It's Christmas!
I need an extra fifty.  Two patrolmen at twenty apiece and a dime for the watch commander at Hollywood Station.
Contract players at Metro.  You pinch 'em.  I do you up feature in the next issue.  Plus the usual fifty cash.  Tell me, am I fucking Santa Claus?
You lost me, Sid.  Who?
Beats me.  Look, Jackie-Boy, a friend of mine just sold some reefer to Matt Reynolds.  He's tripping the light fantastic with Tammy Jordan at 2245 Maravilla, Hollywood Hills.  It's right around the corner.
Is she?
We did a piece last year. 'Ingenue Dykes In Hollywood.'  Her name got mentioned.
Karen, this is Sid Hudgeons from <u>Hush-Hush</u> magazine.
Big V Jack Vincennes!  May I have this dance?
Please hold, Sergeant...
Yeah.  Sergeant Jack Vincennes requesting.  I need the home address on a Pierce Patchett.
A bootleg...
No, Sergeant.  I checked twice.
I just called it.
Please hold the line... No such number is assigned.
This is Sgt. Vincennes. Requesting a name and address on a phone number.  Hollywood zero-one- two-three-nine.
Pacific Coast Bell.
Showbiz.
It'll be our secret.
And no one'll know about this?
I'm pretty sure I can get you a part on the show... But tonight? Pretend it's an acting job, kid. Showbiz.
Yeah.  Me neither.
You know, when I came out to L.A., this isn't exactly where I saw myself ending up.
Really?  How?
Pierce isn't like regular people. I dig him, but he scares me too.
Yeah.  Me and Patchett go way back.
Dope, liquor, hookers that look like movie stars.  Pierce Patchett has it all.
Fleaur-de-Lis.  'Whatever you desire.'
Oh, I know.  A Fleur-de-Lis party, right?
Something like that.
Was it a party?
Yeah.
Have we met before?
Maybe you should have thought of that before you made Bloody Christmas page one.
Working whores with squad two.
Oh?  Anyplace else?
Yeah, Cap.  Back in Narcotics.
Vincennes, is there someplace you'd rather be?
Gee.  The Great Jerk-Off Book Caper of 1953.
Who are you calling?!
209 to anyone! I need some help here!
Maybe you bumped into someone who took it and you didn't even know.
Someone else?
Don't know. Did you check everywhere? Maybe it was hidden in something. Maybe there was someone else--
Um...who's that?
Nothing. Two nights later I was robbed. I'm pretty sure they were pros.
He didn't give you an address? He didn't give you a phone number?
I just gave him my card.
I'm telling you, I--
Don't bullshit me, I can save your life.
Nothing.
What'd he give to you?
Nothing.
What'd he say to you?
Yes.
And you were the last one to talk to him.
<u>They</u> said he was behind an extortion scheme.
You said he was behind an extortion scheme.
I don't know anything about Zavitz.
They found him yesterday folded neatly in a car trunk. What about Zavitz?
Oh Jesus.
DePinto's dead.
It started with the information you gave me on DePinto. After we talked, he agreed to resign. Next, a phony detective asked me about Daniel Zavitz. Then an investigator questioned me about an extortion scheme they claimed Zavitz was behind. The FBI started looking into mob connections. A doctored picture in the paper. Overnight, I'm ruined. Wife. job, bank accounts, everything gone.
What happened?
Brill's dead. He died of small pox when he was two and he was buried in a Kansas field.  My name doesn't matter.
Brill?
You're not.
I don't want any money. And believe me, I have no interest in ruining your life. I'm not interested in this tape.
So...how much money do you want in exchange for not ruining my life?
Me neither, but the upshot is I've got color live-action footage of you and Ms Hawkins and it doesn't look good.
I don't know what that means.
It's actually DH-1 Digitech Pinpoint scanning with a frequency modulator.
Be careful, Danny.
I'll come straight there.
Come straight here. Don't talk to anyone.
I'm doing a transfer now.
When can you get it here?
No one. But I'm a little nervous.
Who else have you told?
Clear as day.
You've got it on tape?
Do it!
Alright, I made a joke about squirrels, don't get so--
Goddammit, shut the fuck up and turn on CNN!
They keep taking the bird seed. I thought since you're the expert on--
Turn on CNN.
Lemme ask you something. I put a bird feeder out in the yard, but the squirrels, they keep taking--
Listen--
Tired of chasing squirrels around the park?
Listen to me--
Zavitz, what? You want your old job back?
Well considering what a colossal douche bag you are, David, maybe I'd do best to simply kick your ass all over the capitol.
Yes.
Really?
Considering the enormous exposure to which you've subjected this firm, I'd think you'd do best to simply answer my questions.
Told by whom?
I'm told you had an affair with Rachel Banks four years ago.
I don't know who he is.
Why don't you just call Brill directly.
I have a professional relationship with Rachel Banks. She's the go- between for a private investigator I use.
A direct one.
What kind of a question is that?
Rachel Banks?
Tell us about Rachel Banks.
Except for the part about my setting up a company in Zurich and knowing anyone named Sam Vollotti and having any relationship whatsoever with the Gambino family.
It is?
They want to hold you in Contempt for ethics violations.
Why?
We've also been informed that the Grand Jury is going to call for an investigation into your affairs.
Not particularly, no.
Feeling lucky?
C'mon.
He came in four minutes ago.
AmeriTech's data-base.  There's Albert's D.C. office address and his phone's identity code. Now we just reprogram out phone with his ID code and you know what we've got?
What are you dialing?
Shit.
I know my phone number and I know the number for SportsPhone. Beyond that--
What do you know about locking cellular phone signals?
We'll have to re-stock some basics.
Pretty fast.
How fast can you learn?
We're gonna lead Albert by the nose to one conclusion. And then when he's pissed as hell, we're gonna drop the tape in his lap. How fast can you teach me what I need to know?
No, I want the NSA to get caught spying on Albert.
You wanna get caught spying on Albert?
Who?
No.
Reynolds.
Same way they did with you and me. We take their biggest guy and turn him into one of us.
How?
What if we just fucked with 'em?
What if <u>what</u>?
What if--
They've done it before. Takes maybe two minutes.
What if--
If they couldn't do that, they'd shut down the whole system, all the relays.
What if--
Nah, they'd shut down the pin number.
Listen--
What if we transmitted it over cellular?
<u>I</u> know. <u>I</u> know what they're looking for and I'm telling you.
Well how do <u>I</u> know what they're--
The area's wired for surveillance, they'll be <u>looking</u> for those moves.
What if we hand deliver to their homes or office?
It'd never get through. All packages are screened, x-rayed and then hand-searched for explosives. You didn't like my "give-me-my- money" idea?
What if we do a mailing to Congressmen.
I was thinkin' about asking for my hundred and fifty grand and calling it quits.
So what do we do now?
Same thing?
What about newspapers and magazines?
Listen to you, "directly". You're not gonna get <u>near</u> the News Department. And if you did, it'd never get on the air. Time-Life buried the Zapruder film for 15 years.
We're honest people and we need your help. I'll give you two- hundred dollars if you--
Goddammit--
No he won't.
Drive or I'll blow your fuckin' head off.
Tell him we're not gonna hurt him.
Drive.
We're not gonna hurt you.
Drive.
Tell me about it.
These guys are incredibly persistent.
Yeah, I can see where that'd--
Let's not do the tire thing anymore, okay?
Fuckin-A.
That wasn't so hard.
We lost 'em.
Oh my God...
Think we let out enough air?
I didn't see a warrant. Did you see a warrant?
Those are Feds.
You're driving.
You sure?
Gimme that.
They shouldn't have come without calling first.
What the fuck?!
Why?
Empty 'em 'till they're almost flat. And turn your head. There might be some debris flying your way.
'Kay, well, could you walk faster, please.
In the warehouse. They're hiding in a duct on the third floor. When we go back inside, they're gonna kill us. When they notice that we're moving toward the car, they'll come running out of the building.
<u>Here</u>?!
Here?
Where?
Them.
Who?
They're here.
What's going on?
Well, actually, <u>you</u> have proof. Could you walk a little faster please.
Jesus. Do you have proof?
The NSA killed him.
Yeah.
Remember when Senator Hamersley died in an accident up near Shenandoah?
Yeah.  Take a walk with me.
It really is.  Did you find anything?
That is one ugly sunrise.
Welcome to Santa's Workshop.
Looks like Detroit.
What do you think?
Well...there'd be too much disclosure to prosecute me. So they ruined my records and made sure I'd never hold a real job again.
They come after you?
It was '72. I figured we had enough problems without monitoring a Berkeley kid's class schedule. So I sold my story to <u>Ramparts</u> and split.
Why'd you leave?
That was twenty years ago. With digital? They can suck a salt grain off a beach.
Jesus.
Meade has 18 underground acres of computers. They scan <u>every</u> phonecall for target words like "bomb" or "President". We red-flag phone numbers or voice prints...whatever we wanted. When the computers found something, it was bounced to comparative analysis.
How'd you have the manpower to--
They can tap anything as along as it's an airwave intercept. Cellulars and pagers your kid can do.  Hard-line calls we'd pick off the relays as they were being fed into ground cables or fired up to the SATs. We'd suck in everything. All foreign, most domestic.  Domestic was my group. Druggies, radicals, loud-mouths. Anyone we wanted.
How'd you get around the tap orders?
I intercepted phone calls.
I was a traffic analyst.
You used to work for 'em, didn't you?
None of your business.
How do you know so much?
The NSA's been in bed with the entire tele-communications industry since the 40's. They've infected everything: Banks, computers, phones, mail, name it.  The more technology we buy into, the easier it is keeping tabs on us. It's a brave new world.  At least it better be.
Oh, I'll bet <u>that</u> threw 'em off the scent. I sure hope you covered the mouthpiece with a handkerchief and used a funny voice!
I didn't use my name.
You don't get it. They go through your phone records. They fuckin' monitor everyone you called in the last--
Sorry.
I told you no calls.
You told me no calls.
What'd I tell you?
I called from a payphone!
What'd I tell you?
I didn't use my name.
What'd I tell you?
I called my wife!
Jesus!
Look, my wife is understandably--
I mean did you call anyone.
What do you mean?
Did you call anyone?
One-twenty.
The price rises with the temperature and right now you're smokin'. But you're right, you should shop around and get the best price. I'll just let you out here.
We said a hundred.
I was worried about my hundred and twenty 'K'.
And you were worried about me. That's nice, I appreciate--
I taped it off the 11 o'clock news.
Move it.
You could knock on the door, you know, and I'd open it.
Get dressed. We're leaving.
If you find something, chalk the Baltimore Sheraton mailbox and go to Temperanceville. It's South of Salisbury.  And take this.
How many years have <u>you</u> been hiding from them? How many years have you been running?  What'd they do to you?
They froze your accounts. Get outa my way.
I'll pay you.
And you won't. Now move--
What if I find out what they're after. You know these people, I don't.
Look, you gave me some work over the last year. We'll call it even.
What if--
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
What am I gonna do?! I mean, like, for the rest of my <u>life</u>?!
No shit.
I don't know <u>anything</u>.
Exposure. They can't have it. They wanna learn what you know and then deal with it.
I don't know what that--
They're spooks.
Why don't they just identify themselves and tell me what they want?
Pal, you're cooked. It's over. What you did, who you were...that's done. I'd find a quiet job somewhere shoveling snow.
Wait. What do I do?
If I knew, they'd be after <u>me</u>. Which they probably are right now. 'Bye.
Why are they after <u>me</u>?
It means the NSA can read the time off your wristwatch.
I don't know what that means.
230 Giga-Hertz. They use that band for the Aquacade Spy-SAT uplinks.
I don't know what that means.
Like a LowJack, but two generations ahead of what the police use. It pulses at 230 Giga-Hertz.
I don't know what that means.
It's a SAT-tracker.
What <u>is</u> that?
I clipped this from your wheel well just before they towed your car away.
Yeah.
You drive a black BMW, license plate SRK1339?
Wait.
Okay.
You're crazy.
Yes.
The NSA?
That's who they are.
What do they have to do with this?
You've heard of the National Security Agency?
Who are they?
One of many people who would live a word with you.
Who was that other guy?
You knew the deal. No contact.
My name's Neil. Maybe I can help you.
The thing is...it really can't wait.
Jerry's on vacation 'till Monday. I can give him the message when he gets back. That was Patrick and the last name--
It's Pat Cary. I work for Senator Sam Albert and I was given Jerry's name.
Who's calling?
Is Jerry Delsano in?
Baudmore Consultants.
Anytime.
Neil, thank you for your help.
With spy satellites. I don't like saying these things Senator...
With what?
Tracks your location to the inch and works directly with--you know...
Oh my God.
I yanked this off your RV. It's a Global Positioning Tracker.
Are you sure about this?
FBI, CIA, NSA, local cops.
Law enforcement?
Most of this stuff's only available to law enforcement.
What are you saying?
The thing is, Senator, and I don't want to get in the middle of nothing, but--
What do you mean? Who can buy this kind of equipment.
Ah, sir, you know, it's not for me to say.
Well then who can?
Well, sir, I'm afraid it's not as simple as that. Your average newspaper guy or Hard Copy lady or whatever, they can't buy this stuff.
A receiver tuned permanently to the Senator's phone.
--Don't think it could've gone any better. Tell me, how's Deb? How're my grandchildren?
You're a tough nut to crack, Dylan.
Oh, God, I <u>knew</u> it was stupid, I <u>knew</u> we'd get caught. But the Gameboy was just <u>sitting</u> there. Right on top of the bag. Yes. Yes. We took the GameBoy out of the bag, but with every intention of putting it back.
Dylan, I was just asking Eric if--
Hey, Mr. D., what's happenin'?
You got any money?
Is it okay?
Hello. Hello, Maria.
Hi, Mr. Dean.
Could you give me just a moment to talk to a friend of mine here? Not about this, but...Daniel?
For that matter, I think you will too.
Listen, Daniel, hang on one second.
I think she'll like this very much.
Okay.
Remain calm.
Thanks.
I'll be right back.
Eight.  Size eight.
What size?
Pardon?
What size?
I'll say.
It's a little late for that.
I don't know anything about this. Well, I mean, I know a <u>little</u> about--from a certain perspective. My point is, I don't want to do anything foolish.
Very good.
Is that good?
How 'bout Christian Dior?
Can you help me?
It's okay. I think it's a wonderful gift.
Yes. I have her permission.
You'd like to buy your wife some lingerie as a Christmas gift.
I'm married to my wife...of several years...and I'd like to buy...as a Christmas present...
That's fine.
I'm married.
Do you see anything you like?
Daniel's life is already ruined. Maybe if you guys stopped thinking about yourselves for a change and--
Because my life is being ruined.
Why?
Well, I need to find out as much about Daniel as possible.
<u>What's</u> your point.
That's my point.
<u>Wildlife</u> footage, for God's sake. I don't see how he could've slipped you something that the FBI would be interested in.
I know, but--
Yes sir.
I don't know what's goin' on with Zavitz, but that was way, <u>way</u> outa line.  You understand?
I thought maybe it might be for Rachel Banks.
<u>Yes</u>, for my wife, what the hell kinds of questions are these.
For your wife?
To buy lingerie.
Why'd you go to Harrison's?
No.
Nobody gave you <u>anything</u>?
Not that I could see.
Was he with anyone?
No, sir.
Anything at all?
No.
Did he give you anything?
I'm happy to help you all I can. But I didn't see the accident and I barely knew Daniel Zavitz. I've gotta go to work.
We'd appreciate your cooperation.
Somebody took my blender.
Why so edgy, Mr. Dean?
Than why don't you talk to the bus driver?
I'm just trying to determine if Mr. Zavitz was involved in something more than a simple bus accident.
Because I don't know.
Than why can't you tell me.
I'm not his attorney.
Are you invoking attorney/client privilege.
I can't.
You tell me.
What kind of trouble.
Mr. Zavitz was in trouble.
I'm no expert, but I'm assuming that the impact of a moving bus against his body caused--
About the accident.
About what?
Someone said you spoke to Mr. Zavitz before he died. I thought you might know something.
I was <u>in</u> the store, the accident was outside. It was a bus.
You weren't at Harrison's Department Store the night before--
That's 'cause I <u>wasn't</u> there.
A police report.
A report?
Witnesses said you were there, but I notice you didn't file a report.
Oh...yeah, I didn't see the accident.
No, sir, I'm not involved with that. I'm doing a quick follow-up on a bus accident took place a few nights ago. Your name keeps coming up.
The robbery.
Your stuff?
Hey, did you guys find my stuff?
I'm sorry. Detective Morelos.
Thanks.  Who are you?
I didn't want to bother you during your racquetball game.
Yes?
You did good.
A friend of mine. I don't know his real name. He's dead now.
Who?
Yeah.  I wish you could've met...
I'm sorry about Rachel.
Albert's gonna get me my job back.
It's really over?
It's over.
Is it over?
That's gonna end tonight.
They're saying you killed that policeman.
Yeah.
Are you sure you're safe?
Oh Christ.
What is it?
...who root through...uh...presents, and...
You're as bad as Eric. I've got an entire family of people who root through--
I was missing you.
That was for Christmas.
The lingerie.
You opened the thing?
I opened the present you got me from Harrison's.
That's okay.
I'm sorry I didn't believe you.
Stacy...Stacy...maybe now isn't the best time for the I-Told-You-So speech.
I <u>told</u> you they could do this. I <u>told</u> you they had this kind of capability and that with this anti- terrorism it would be just another--
Stacy--
Good.
Well...yeah.
Does that hurt?
I was in a car chase and a small explosion. Now listen to me: The NSA is behind this. They think that guy I told you about, Daniel Zavitz, they think Zavitz gave me a tape or computer chip of some kind that could be damaging to them. So they're doing all these things <u>electronically</u>. The bank records, the surveillance. They're the ones who broke into the house. Now I know there's no reason to believe me. But I love you. And I love our son. So just believe me anyway.  Please.
What happened to your head?
I don't think anybody wants the drapes, Stacy, I think the drapes are okay.
This is my house. Nobody's kicking me out of my house. I picked those drapes.
I wish you'd gone to your parents like I asked you.
Just reporters.
Has anyone been by? Police? FBI?
Yes.
Is Eric in school?
My father's put me in touch with an attorney. He'll be--
Stacy, somebody's trying to kill me. Now goddamit--
This is science-fiction Robert! The manager showed me the transfer notice with your signature on it.
It wasn't me.
I went to the bank to see why. They said you emptied our accounts--
I know.
I went to the grocery store. My ATM and credit cards didn't work. I couldn't buy food.
No, I was with her yesterday. I want you to take Eric and go to our parents house. I want you to do it right now.
Was that doctored-up, too?
I know, but listen--
I'm looking at a picture of you and Rachel taken <u>yesterday</u>.
Stacy--
Do you know what I'm looking at Robert?
Stacy, don't hang up.
Leave this house.
Stacy--
I think you should leave now, Robert.
It's not a real picture, Stacy, it's been doctored-up.
Oh, please--
It's not real...  That's not me.
The date stamp on the picture is last <u>month</u>. Is that where you and Rachel conduct business.
I didn't want you to be upset. I shouldn't have lied. Stacy, there's nothing between me and Rachel Banks.
You told me you weren't seeing her at <u>all</u>.
I see her for business.
You had an affair with this woman, Robert, we went to a fucking <u>counselor</u> for a year.
I know.
I told you I didn't want you seeing her.
I have lunch with Rachel once a month. She's my connection to an investigator.
You <u>swore</u>!
Yeah...look--
"At the center of the investigation are well-known Washington-area attorneys Robert Dean and Rachel Banks."
I've seen it.
"Sources revealed an FBI investigation into a possible money laundering scheme that may have sent millions of dollars--
It's not true.
Robert--
Stacy, I found out like this. This is the first I'm <u>hearing</u> of--
How could you let me find out like this?
Stacy?
There's just, clearly, some administrative snafu. I'm sure this is the worst of it.
He's got his priorities?
Well, you know--
I don't understand why Jerry couldn't clear this up.
It's okay.
Sorry.
No.
Have you been working with Rachel?
Honey, I don't like to talk about this stuff in front of Eric.
Yeah, but you said you've never met him. How did you--
A guy named Brill. Same guy as always.
Who did you work with to get the--
What do you mean?
How'd you get the information on DePinto?
Yeah.
Bobby?
A toaster. And no terrorist talk at dinner. You're spookin' the kids.
What'd you buy at Harrison's?
The thing is, when I saw him, it seemed like he wanted to tell me...  ...he was upset about something and he said...  Doesn't matter now.  I'm gonna wash up.
I'm sorry.
In front of Harrison's, he got hit by a bus. I knew him. The firm did some pro bono work for his organization a few years back.
What do you mean?
I saw a man die.
What?
Something bad happened tonight.
You're a lawyer. Don't you care what's going on around you?
I think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us.
You should take this seriously.
Right.
We won't suspend the civil rights of the good people.
Just for the criminals.
So you tap everyone's phone? You use computers to probe financial records? New Search and Seizure laws?
Not a very good one, but--
Bobby!
Listen to him.
Uh-oh.
This guy's a fat-assed Rotarian gasbag.
Hey.
Don't count on it.
I'm sure we can locate it for you, sir.
My suitcase is gone.
Sir?
My suitcase--
Here, you can use this.
Maybe it's not connected yet.
It's a brand new card.
I'm sorry, sir, this card's been declined.
Good news there, Mr. DePinto, you're talking to one.
I want to talk to a goddam lawyer.
That's probably not you in the picture. I tell you what, I'll just run the thing by the Grand Jury, see if they can't--
You're goddam right you jumped the gun.
You're right, Mr. DePinto, and maybe I jumped the gun.
This is fucked. You don't know <u>who's</u> in that--
That's not you having a whiskey sour with Carmine Morada.
You don't know who the fuck--
It's not?
That ain't me.
I've got photographs of you at the Trenton Ramada looking very--
Why the hell would I--
I don't believe it is, no.
Is this a fuckin' joke?
Well, I was hoping you might stop by my office to swear out a criminal deposition against some of your friends and co-workers.
What can I do for you?
I'll see if I can, you know, work things out.
And then what?
My wife's Jewish. But that probably doesn't matter right now.
Oh.
No, I meant I'm Presbyterian.
You didn't squeeze DePinto?
Actually, that's not true.
I'd like to speak to someone about what's happening to me.
I'm sorry. I'm not sure I understand. You wanna fuckin' <u>what</u>?
My guess is male, somewhere in his 40's or 50's.
Any idea what he looks like?
Yeah.
You're a moron, you know that?
It's not me?
What makes you think it's you?
I'm sorry about that.
I don't <u>have</u> a life, Bobby. I'm in love with a married man.
What're you gonna do, Rachel? You gonna sit in a bar in Baltimore? You want your job back? You want a life?
This conversation's over.
I <u>did</u> care how.
Fuck you. When you needed information, I got it. You didn't care how.
Goddammit, Rachel, you assured me--
I've never met him?
You have to.
I can't.
Tell me about Brill.
How?
I'm gonna fix it.
We're screwed.
Rachel--
Bullshit.
That's temporary.
You don't work there anymore, Bobby.
My firm'll represent you. Free of charge.
For the last four years.
You being audited?
The IRS contacted me this morning. They say my lifestyle and receipts exceed my income.
I know.
Will you hang on just a second.
I gotta go.
Who's doing this?
It's really not a good idea for me to be seen with you.
You got a minute?
Good. You're just what I need right now.
All right, look--
There are reporters wanting to know about my relationship with you and how long I've worked for the mob. The <u>mob</u>, Bobby!
Why?
I got a call from my firm this morning saying don't come in.
Mr. DePinto? My name's Robert Dean. I'm an attorney with Seth, Silverberg.
Eat your fish.
Thank you.
I wouldn't let you. Good luck with DePinto.
How can I be sure.
You're not.
I just want to make sure I'm not breaking the law.
He doesn't work that way.
I <u>like</u> our history. And I like you. I'd probably like <u>Brill</u> if I ever got to--
Someone with whom you don't have quite so personal a--
Why would I--
Other than me.
Other than Brill.
I take a straight 15 percent. Brill's fee varies with risk. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable using someone else.
Ten thousand cash. I don't know if it's Brill's prices going up or your commission.
So you've said.
Yes.
Brill?
It's how he works.
"Soon". Or at least sooner than never.
What answer were you--
That wasn't the answer I was hoping for.
Never.
Brill.
DePinto?
When do I get to meet him?
Here's what you asked for. Brill's note said it was everything you'd need to, shall we say, coax DePinto--
Not that much.
Do you like fish?
I mean it tastes like every other fish I've ever had. Every fish tastes the same.
It is fish.
It tastes like fish.
How's the trout?
Fuck you. You may have to--
We'd rather not--
Otherwise you may have to what?
--otherwise we may have to--
He didn't <u>give</u> me--
Fuck you. You may have to what?
We'd rather not--
Otherwise you may have to what?
--otherwise we may have to--
He didn't <u>give</u> me--
We'd like to recover any materials Mr. Zavitz may have given you--
If he passed me materials, I'd have them. I don't.
We have good reason to believe that he passed you--
You're wrong.
We believe he did.
He didn't.
Mr. Zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme. We believe he passed you sensitive materials, possibly with your knowledge, and we need to--
I went through this with an investigator this morning. If I could--
I'm an investigator with Pro-Tech Security.
Who <u>are</u> you people?
We'd like to ask you some questions about Daniel Zavitz.
Yeah?
You're Brill.
Seat 74.
I don't <u>know</u> you, I don't <u>know</u> your name, I don't know <u>what</u> the hell you did for me except hang up on my wife and slam me into a wall, but I'm getting pretty fuckin' <u>sick</u> of this! Get it?!
Forget me, forget what I did for you. Don't <u>ever</u> mention my name or try to contact me again. Get it?
Hey!
Gimme the shoe.
My shoe?
Your shoe.
Shut the fuck up.
Jesus! What?! You want money?!
Fuck off.
Bobby--
Put David on it. He seems anxious to clear my name.
A leave of absence. Until we've sorted this all out.
You're firing me.
Well until we find, you're gonna have to take a leave of absence.
Maybe Bellmoth. Maybe the unions. I don't know.
Who would do that?
This is <u>bullshit</u>. Someone's mixing up a bunch of half-truths to ruin me and to ruin my case.
Gentlemen--
Brill.
What's his name?
Gimme a week and four guys from litigation and I'll have the Post pleading with us not to sue for libel.
Robert--
Oh, well, that's true.
They claim you helped create a shell company for Sam Vollotti in Zurich and that through your continuing relationship, the Gambino family's been able to exert influence and provide false witnesses to discredit our case.
I don't under--
I got a call this morning from a source I trust. The Post is running a lead this afternoon about your involvement in the Bellmoth investigation.
Listen--
Merry Christmas, son.
Diane, maybe you didn't hear Mr. Silverberg. They've got models that'll try on the garments.  Thank you, sir.
I have to go lingerie shopping.
And may I ask what could possibly be more important than Fawell Oil v. U.S. Environmental Agency?
God knows I would, sir, but I have a previous engagement this evening.
My name's Bobby. I'm your lawyer. Don't do anything 'till I talk to you.
Mr. Dean--
Because they've been paid off by Bellmoth.
Why would the Union--
The Union's trying to railroad you into accepting terms worse than what you have now.
I don't under--
That's because your Union bosses <u>are</u> those Guido mother-fuckers.
I'm sorry, Mr. Dean. But Larry's in St. Lukes now, so I'm a little--I'm not myself. The Union bosses say unless we take Bellmoth's offer, it'll only get worse.
L.T., in this office I'd prefer you say Italian-Americans.
Last night, Larry Spinks, he works the Steel Press, he goes to a bar with his wife Rosalie to have a glass of chianti 'cause it's his birthday, and these two guys, these Guido mother-fuckers, they jump him when he goes to the bathroom.
Good point.
Well that's why I'm here, Mr. Dean. 'Cause you're a labor lawyer.
Because she's reading the newspaper, you asshole.
Why?
She can't talk to you right now.
What are you talking--
She doesn't want to talk to you.
Where's Stacy?
Robert--
No "900" numbers.
Alright!
It's okay to use the phone.
I'm not goin' anywhere, Eric. I live here.
How long can you stay?
Did you take <u>anything</u>--anything at all--out of those Christmas bags I brought home last week.
Yeah.
Men don't win fights with women, son, I'll tell you about that sometime, too. In the meantime, I've got a question for you, and it's incredibly important that you tell me the truth. Under no circumstances will I be angry with you. This is a total Get-Out-Of- Jail-Free card. Ready?
Who won the fight?
No. We're never getting a divorce. We were having a fight. It happens sometimes.
Are you and mom getting a divorce?
Having an adventure. I can't tell you about it right now, but I'll tell you about it soon.
Where've you been?
Do I know you?
Dad!
She's in the kitchen.
Where's mom?
He's kidding.
You staying for dinner?
Dad!
In your dreams.
Really?
Sure, go ahead.
Can I open 'em up?
Some of 'em.
Are those my Christmas presents?
You're learning a cruel lesson.
Hi, dad.
Excuse me, have any of you seen an eight year old boy, good looking, about yea-big.
Go fuck yourself.
Yeah?
Jerry?
Turn yourself in.
Yeah?
Bobby? Piece of advice?
No. No, it's okay.
I'm sorry, man.
So do I!
I have a family.
Go to 'em, Jerry.
Bobby, you're in way over your head.
To the NSA. Make a deal. Tell 'em to stop. Tell 'em I don't have what they're after. Make a deal.
To the cops?
I won't <u>make</u> it to the police. They won't let me get there. You go.
You gotta let me bring you in to the police.
No, I--
No, listen to me. You gotta let me bring you in.
You gotta--
Listen to me.
Jerry--
You're tired.
I don't know!
Why would the NSA--
I don't know. I mean--
Why would they--
They're framing me.
Bobby--
My stuff's all over her apartment.
Jesus.
Yes.
Rachel's dead?
They killed Rachel.
Calm down.
The NSA's doing this 'cause they think I have something. And they killed--
Bobby--
It's the NSA. They're the ones doing this.
Bobby--
Ssh!
Christ!
Jerry--
Just be cool.
I'm a labor lawyer. There are <u>always</u> mob ties.
Your Bellmoth case. The FBI thinks there might be mob ties.
Into what?
He's heard that it's escalated.
An investigation? It was a bus accident.
The Congressman's very happy to have your support, but he's heard that there's an investigation.
I wrote a check for a thousand dollars. You guys didn't have a table that was in the kitchen?
That's what I want to talk to you about?
Table 122?
Can I talk to you a second?
Serve the ball.
They only took electrical appliances.
What?
Sounds like they didn't want anything that wasn't electric?
No, but they took my blender.
They didn't take the silverware?
I love my blender.
The blender?
They didn't take the jewelry. They took the computers. They took the big-screen TV, they took my blender.
What about jewelry?
Why don't you give 'em a call.
Usually they take clothes.
No.
You've got a bunch of Armani suits, they didn't take 'em?
No.
Did they take your clothes?
They took the espresso machine. The <i>espresso</i> machine, Jerry! Which makes sense, you know, because the crooks probably wanted to make themselves a latte before fencing the stereo.
Yeah, what's going on?
Are you still in Crystal City?
Are you okay?
How can I reach you?
Tell me about it.
I need help.
I'm just doing some Christmas shopping. It's for my wife, no kidding. Though, this isn't the <i>main</i> present, it's just, you know, a little--
Yeah.
It's been a few years.
Bobby--
It's me, Robert Dean.  From Seth, Silverberg. I worked on--
Jesus! I just told you. I don't know.
You think there was a connection to--
I don't know.
Was Zavitz in trouble?
I honestly don't know.
What does that have to do with you?
He got hit by a bus.
Yeah.
You remember Daniel Zavitz?
No. He said they were doing a credit check. Are you refinancing a loan?
The police?
Dick Burns got a phone call this morning from someone wanting information on you.
Because we, and our associates, have paid out hundreds of thousands of dollars to shyster lawyers like you, <u>because</u> of shyster lawyers like you, and we'd just as soon sit back and sip a beer while you get ass-banged by as many people as possible.
Why not?
Yes. But we can't.
You would?
Well we'd sure like to help you.
Someone's trying to destroy my life, and I'd like to find out who.
What is it you want?
Get it.
Zavitz had digital compression equipment. He could've downloaded into something. A disk, a chip, anything small enough to put in his pocket and run with. Whatever he put it in, he dropped it in that bag.
Then what's your goddam opinion?
Yes sir.
I'm not asking you to say for certain. This is what you're trained to do, right?
It's hard to say for certain, these things are--
What's your opinion?
We're not gonna hand you and your band of lunatics the keys to the kingdom. I'm not gonna sit in Congress and write a law that allows the NSA to point a camera and a microphone at anything they damn well feel like. And the next time you have something to say to me, we do it above-board, in my office, like everyone else. Now get outa my car, I've got a committee meeting on the hill.
There are planes falling out of the sky, buildings blowing up. <i>American</i> buildings. <i>Americans</i> getting bombs in the mail. What are we gonna do!?
You're gonna finger me as soft on terrorism? <i>Terrorism,</i> you unconscionable asshole?
Is that anyway to talk to an old school chum?
I said fuck you.
What?
Fuck you.
It's a bi-partisan issue. Everyone needs to swallow hard. No one, including you, wants to be fingered as the one obstructing efforts to crack down on terrorism, and--
You didn't ask me to meet you 30 miles from my office for a Bible study class.
It means who's side are you on?
What the hell does it mean?
"I know thy works and thy labour and how thou canst not bear them that are evil. And thou hast tried them who say they are apostles and hast found them to be liars". Revelations II.
He walked right up to me in church. At the holiest time of the wear. He approached me in a sanctified place.  Kill him now.
Three minutes. We're going in light. Myself and two others. Everyone else is held back in reserve.
What's your ETA?
Not yet. He's near "M" and 34th. I've got an ELSUR unit on the scene now. A residential building. Twelve units.
Do you have visual?
Found him. Kent Island nailed the call five minutes ago. He's stationary.
And if it wasn't?
We think it was on Brill. If it was, it's destroyed now.
What about the tape?
Jones had to flee the scene before we could locate the second body.
Explain that.
We don't know.
What about--
Resources, that's a good point. He's got resources. All we've got is a <i>six-hundred billion dollar</i> <i>organization!</i> Now god<u>dammit</u>, Hicks, you find 'em. You find 'em and you end it now!
If he's with Lyle it means he's got resources.
Oh, let's assume that they have.
If they've looked at the video.
So they know everything.
And they have the video. That's confirmed.
Dean's with Lyle.
No sir.
You're kidding me.
Yes sir.
Lyle?!
Well...his real name's Edward Lyle.
We believe?
We found two sets of latent prints in the rubble of Brill's studio. One was Dean's. The other, we believe, belongs to Brill.
I don't care if he's Solomon with Saint Joseph sitting in his <u>lap</u>. I want the tape and I want him. Now is--
I just meant--
No, no, I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were hoping to be transferred to a weathership outside Greenland.
Sir--
He's clever? He had help?  Oh.
He's clever. He had help.
I sit on top of the greatest intelligence gathering organization in human history. Why can't I bring in a man whose name <i>is in the</i> <i><u>fucking</i></u> <i><u>phonebook</i></u>?!
Help from whom?  Christ.
He had help.
30 minutes ago you said we had him. What in hell's goin' on out there?
Destroy his credibility before he goes public. Neutralize him. I don't want anyone listening to a word he has to say. Tell me about Rachel Banks.
It was in his bag. Now it's not.
Hiding something?
He's arrogant and threatening. Voice stress points suggest he's worrying.
Get it.
We'd have to--
Contact COINTEL. Profile. Assess the threat. Then cross-check against Zavitz. Red-flag the intersects and anything we can exploit. Also NRO. Pull up the keyhole tapes. I need to own him. I need to own him <u>now</u>.
Several indiscriminates and one primary who we've ID'd as Robert Dean. A Crystal City attorney.  Mr. Reynolds?  Sir?
Who?
He never made it to the newspaper, but there was private sector contact.
Am I to understand--
There was a transfer.
The originals?
We found the originals.
What about the tapes?
He's dead. An accident. Hit by a bus.
What happened?
The door was open, sir. I just need a signature.
How'd you get in the building?
For Daniel Zavitz. I just need a signature.
Federal Express?
Federal Express for 'Zavitz'.
Yes?
I don't know what's going on, but if you people have tripped over your own asshole again, you're not gonna get any help from us. It's ending at your doorstep.
It was pulsing on your SAT frequencies.
He's carrying the damn <u>flag</u>.
You have any idea what kind of position this--
This guy's carrying the <u>flag</u> for the damn terrorism bill. You think this is the best time to piss him off?
The fuck do you have goin' on with Sam Albert?
We're not stupid, Reynolds.
Yes sir.
Now is that clear?
Yes sir.
Then let's assume I don't.
No.
Do I look like I want a tiny pizza?
I also have tiny pizzas and mushrooms stuffed with--
No thank you.
Puffed cheese?
Yes?
Our Garden, our garden - not so much the garden, but the copse alongside it, wild, a secret way plunging down to the shore and then nothing but water between you and France.  The Devil's Chimney it was called -  The Devil's Chimney, I don't know why.  Darling.  My darling.
Tell me about your garden.
Every night I cut out my heart but in the morning it was full again.
I know.
I'm sorry, Katharine.
Thank you.  Will you bury Geoffrey?  I know he's dead.
And a good read.  Don't waste it.
I promise I'll come back.  I promise I'll never leave you.  And there's plenty of water and food. You can have a party.
Do you promise?  I wouldn't want to die here.  I wouldn't want to die in the desert. I've always had a rather elaborate funeral in mind, with particular hymns.  Very English.  And I know exactly where I want to be buried.  In our garden.  Where I grew up. With a view of the sea.  So promise me you'll come back for you.
Listen to me, Katharine.  You've broken your ankle and I'm going to have to try and bind it.  I think your wrist might be broken, too - and some ribs, which is why it's hurting you to breathe.  I'm going to have to walk to El Taj.  Given all the traffic in the desert these days I should bump into one army or another before I reach there - or Fenelon-Barnes and his camel.  And then I'll be back and we'll be fine, and I'll never leave you.
Oh dear.
Yes.  Absolutely.
Shall we be all right?
I'm just going to find things for the fire.
Don't leave me!
I know.  I'm sorry.  I'll make a fire. I'll be back.
It's so cold.
Of course.  You idiot.  I always wear it. I've always worn it.  I've always loved you.
You're wearing the thimble.
You speak so many bloody languages and you never want to talk.
Don't talk.
Don't you know you drove everybody mad?
What?
Why did you hate me?
I know, darling, I'm sorry.
It hurts too much.
We've got to get you out of here.
Please don't move me.  It hurts too much.
A surprise, he said.
Why did he bring you?
I can't move.  I can't get out.
Katharine!  Oh dear God, Katharine - what are you doing here?
Do you think you're the only one who feels anything?  Is that what you think?
Dance with me.  I want to touch you. I want the things which are mine. Which belong to me.
No.
Dance with me.
You know why? He tries to hold her. She resists
I've watched you - on verandahs, at Garden Parties, at the Races - how can you stand there?  How can you ever smile?  As if your life hadn't capsized?
Don't do this.
Is he next?  Do you drag him into your little room?  Where is it?  Is this it?
Would you let me pass?
What?  What?  That boy, that little boy, you were holding his collar, gripping his collar, what for?
What?
Why did you hold his collar?
You will.  You will.
I just wanted you to know. I'm not missing you yet. She nods, can't find this funny.
Don't go over it again, please.
I just know - any minute he'll find out, we'll barge into somebody we'll - and it will ill him.
I'm not agreeing.  Don't think I'm agreeing, because I'm not.
I'd better get back.  Say goodbye here.
Yes.  Yes.  Absolutely.
Shall we be all right?
Of course.  You didn't need to slap my face to make me feel as if you'd slapped my face.
That day, had you followed me to the market?
I don't care to bargain.  It's full of saffron, just in case you think I'm giving it to you to encourage your sewing.
Yes.  A different wife.
This is a different world - is what I tell myself.  A different life. And here I am a different wife.
Madox knows, I think.  He's tried to warn me.  He keeps talking about Anna Karenina.  I think it's his idea of a man-to-man chat.  Its my idea of a man-to-man chat.
I thought we were against ownership?  I can stay tonight.
This - what's it called? - this place, I love it - this is mine!  I'm asking the King permission to call it the Almasy Bosphorous.
You bastard, I was believing you!
Ouch!  See - you're always beating me..!
It's a long song - Szerelem means loveand the story - there's a Hungarian Count, he's a wanderer, a fool.  For years he's on some kind of quest, who knows what? And then one day he falls under the spell of a mysterious English woman - a harpy - who beats him and hits him and he becomes her slave.  He sews her clothes, he worships the hem of -
It's beautiful.  What's it about?
No, no, it's Hungarian.  My daijka sang it to me.
Arabic?
It's a folk song.
This is - what is this?
I'm trying to write with your taste in my mouth.  Swoon.  I'll catch you.
This is empty, just coming!
I can still taste you.
I can't work.  I can't sleep. Lady Hampton calls impatiently.
No.
Say you're feeling faint - the sun.
What?  No!
Say you're sick.
Ownership.  Being owned.  When you leave, you should forget me.
A lie.  What do you hate most?
What do you hate most?
Marmite - addicted!  Baths - not with other people!  Islands.  Your handwriting.  I could go on all day.  My husband. Almsy nods.
What else?
What do I love?  I love rice pudding, and water, the fish in it, hedgehogs! The gardens at our house in Freshwater - all my secret paths.
Okay.  And what do you love? Say everything.
Now.
When were you least happy?
Now.
When were you most happy?
That makes it harder still.
A woman should never learn to sew, and if she can she should never admit to it.  Close your eyes.
You don't sew at all!
You sew very badly.
Good.
I'm impressed you can sew.
I believe you still have my book.
Don't.
Mrs. Clifton - Katharine turns, disgusted.
Will you please come in?
No.
Will you not come in?
No, but I think I do.
Do they know them?
No, the marriage isn't a fiction.
And the marriage - is that a fiction? 
Geoffrey's not in Cairo.  He's not actually a buffoon.  And the plane wasn't a wedding present. It belongs to the British Government.  They want aerial maps of the whole North Africa. So I think he's in Ethiopia.  In case you were counting on his sudden appearance.
Find that plant.  Cut out its heart.
Water?  Yes, we have water, we have a little in our can, we have water in the radiator which can be drunk. Not at all cowardly, extremely practical.  Come on, come on!  There's also a plant - I've never seen it but I'm told you can cut a piece the size of a heart from this plant and the next day it will be filled with a delicious liquid.
Of course.  Is it, am I a terrible coward to ask how much water we have?
Could I ask you, please, to paste you paintings into my book?  I should like to have them.  I should be honored.
Oh my God, the others!
Madox will have calculated how many miles, they'll soon turn around.
All true.  Herodotus, your friend, tells of a wind - the Simoon - so evil that a nation declared war on it and marched out to fight it in full battle dress, their swords raised.
Fiction.  We had a house on that coast and it never rained blood. Go on.  More.
- there is the Harmattan, a red wind. Which Mariners called the sea of darkness.  Red sand from this wind has flown as far as the south coast of England, producing showers so dense they were mistaken for blood. Almasy checks to see if Katharine is still awake.
Yes is a comfort.  Absolutely is not.
Yes.  Absolutely.
Shall we be all right?
No.
This is not very good, is it?
In an hour there will be no stars. The air is filling with sand.
They're so untidy.  I'm just trying to rearrange them.
See what's happening to them - the stars.
What am I looking at?
Look over there.
I'm quite all right, thank you.
You should come into the shelter.
And that would be unconscionable, I suppose, to feel any obligation? Yes.  Of course it would.
There's really no need.  This is just a scrapbook.  I should feel obliged.  Thank you.
I'd like you to have them.
We took several photographs, there's no need.
I thought you might paste them into your book.
What's this?
Ask Al Auf. Almsy asks Al Auf in Arabic.
I do not.
You sing.  All the time.
Pardon?
Actually, you sing.
Her or me?
Be careful?  You mean you - or me? Who?
He said - be careful.
What is he saying?  Come on, what did he say?
The Ostrich is a detour.  A poor man hunts an ostrich, it's the method.  Nothing to do with Zerzura.  To catch an ostrich you must appear not to move.  The man finds a place where the ostrich feeds, a wadi, and stands where the ostrich can see him, on the horizon, and doesn't move, doesn't eat - otherwise the ostrich will run.  At nightfall, he moves, fifty, sixty yards.  When the ostrich comes the next day, the man is there, but he's nearer.  Haunting the ostrich.
Sounds perfectly clear.  Where does the Ostrich come in?
A mountain curved like a woman's back, a plateau the shape of an ear.
What do you mean, poetry?
This is an incredible story - about a man hunting an Ostrich, he's been telling me about Zerzura, he thinks he's been there, but his map, the route he's describing, he couldn't survive the journey now, but he's a poet, so his map is poetry - and now we're onto an Ostrich.  I'm telling her your map is poetry. The Arab shrugs.
So why follow me?  Escort me, by all means.  Following me is predatory, isn't it?
As the wife of one of our party.
You felt obliged to.
I was concerned.  As I said, women in that part of Cairo, a European women, I felt obliged to.
After the market, you followed me to the hotel.
Excuse me?
Why did you follow me yesterday?
Excuse me.
I should be very happy to obtain the correct price for this.  I apologize if I appear abrupt.  I am rusty at social graces.  How do you find Cairo?  Did you visit the Pyramids?
I don't believe that.  I think you are insulted by me, somehow. You're a foreigner too, aren't you, here, in this market?
That insults them.
I don't care to bargain.
This is not worth eight pounds, Mrs. Clifton.
I don't want to go back.
You've been cheated, don't worry, we'll take it back.
Excuse me?
Which stall?
Seven pounds, eight, I suppose. Why?
They don't see foreign women in this market.  How much did you pay?
Hello!  Good morning.
How much did you pay?
Yes, thank you, Gyges, son of Daskylus - Candaules said to him I don't think you believe me when I tell you how beautiful my wife is. And although Gyges replied he did find the Queen magnificent the King insisted he would find some way to prove beyond dispute that she was fairest of all women.  Do you all know this story?
Daskylus
I'm sorry - what have you noticed?
I can't sing.  but I can tell a story.  I might need a prompt.  Do you have your Herodotus?  I've noticed you carry it
What kind of fossils?
Isn't Zerzura supposed to be protected by spirits who take on the shape of sandstorms?
A thing is still a thing no matter what you place in front of it.  Big car, slow car, chauffeur-driven car, still a car.
I wanted to meet a man who could write such a long paper with so few adjectives.
Thank you.
And the people here don't want us. Are you kidding?  The Egyptians are desperate to get rid of the Colonials  - isn't that right? Their best people get down on hands and knees begging to be spared a knighthood.  Isn't that right?
Sorry, what's your point?
Oops!  Mustn't say International. Dirty word.  Filthy word.  His Majesty! Die Fhrer!  Il Duce.
I haven't, no.  Sorry.
It's Geoffrey under this.
What?
Have you seen Katharine?
Why are you people so threatened by a woman?!
Very well.
I've known Katharine since she was three, my aunt is her aunt, we were practically brother and sister before we were man and wife.  I think I'd know what is and what isn't too much for her.  I think she's know herself.
All the same, I, were I you I would be concerned -
Are you mad?  Katharine loves it here. She told me yesterday.
I think the desert is, it's - for a woman - it's very tough, I wonder if it's not too much for her.
Appropriate?
Clifton - your wife - do you think it's appropriate to leave her?
You too.  Good luck!
Safe journey.
Portraits.  The Brigadier, the Brigadier's wife, the Brigadier's dogs, the Brigadier at the Pyramids, the Brigadier breathing.
What kind of photographs?
There you have me.
Uxoriousness - that's my favorite kind of love.  Excessive love of one's wife.
Still a car.
A broken car?
No!  NO!  Don't radio anybody, just give me the fucking jeep!
I understand you are agitated - perhaps you would like to sit down while I radio back to HQ -
Look, listen to me.  A woman is dying - my wife! - is dying seventy miles from here.  I have been walking for three days!  I don't want to spell my name, I want you to give me this jeep!
Almsy - would you mind just spelling that for me?  What nationality would that be?
Count Laszlo de Almsy. The Officer is writing this down.  A glance at his Corporal.
Right.  And what's your name, sir?
Am I not talking sense? -  forgive me, I'm, I've been walking, I've - there's a woman badly injured at Gilf Kebir, in the Cave of Swimmers.  I am a member of the Royal Geographical Society.
If I could just see some identification.
What?
Do you have your papers, sir?
No, I'm not thinking clearly - I need a doctor too, to come with me, can I take this vehicle?  I'll pay, of course - and some morphine and  Seventy miles - I can be back here by dusk.
I see.
I desperately need a jeep.  There's been an accident.
Yes, of course.  So, golly, where have you come from?
Could I trouble you for some water?
Good morning!
There is no God.  But I hope someone looks after you.
May God make safety your companion.
Goodbye, my friend. They shake hands.
I have to teach myself not to read too much into everything.  Comes of too long having to read so much into hardly anything at all.
I'll leave the plane in the hangar at Kufra Oasis.  So if you need ithard to know how long one's talking about.  We might all be back in a month or two.
Tomorrow afternoon.  Don't worry. I'll be ready.
When's Clifton picking you up?
Yes.  It was.  Thanks for the compass. I'll look after it for you.
We didn't care about countries. Did we?  Brits, Arabs, Hungarians, Germans.  None of that mattered, did it?  It was something finer than that.
I told you so.
Bermann thinks he'll be interned, poor fellow.  I'm going to do what I can, but  And D'Ag turns out to be a great admirer of Mussolini. So now you can say I told you so.
Right.
Had a letter from my wife.  The wisteria is still out, which I'm looking forward to.  She says Dorset is gripped with Invasion Fever.  Wrong coast I should have thought, still
Absolutely right, shut up. Lashings of apologies all round.
Look, either shut up, or go home.
Good, we're all here?  A toast, to the International Sand club - may it soon resurface.
I believe I'm rather late.
Own the desert.
What do we find in the desert? Arrow heads, spears.  In a war, if you own the desert, you own North Africa.
Why do they care about our maps?
Don't be so bloody nave.  You know there's a war breaking out.  This arrived this morning.  By order of the British Government - all International Expeditions to be aborted by May 1939.
What's the matter with you?
Those maps belong to His Majesty's Government.  They're confidential. They shouldn't be left lying around for any Tom, Dick or Mary to have sight of.
In my room.
And where are the Expedition Maps?
Which we couldn't explore because of rocks, because of cross-winds, it's sloppy.  And here - and here - we could be staring at Zerzura.
Which we've overflown twice.
No, because you can't see from the air! If you could explore from the air life would be very simple!  Look!  What is that?  Is that a wadi? That whole spur is a real possibility
And I'm telling you there's nothing there to explore.
Bermann!
Try to get a second radiator, we'll bury it between here and the Pottery Hill. And a better jack. We planned badly.
I'll be back as quick as I can. Thirty-six hours at the outside.
Cut the ropes.  I left a note, on his blanket.  At the next Geographical Society I shall await with great interest the announcement of the Fenelon-Barnes Slave Knot.  The Girl wouldn't leave, of course.  Her father had sold her for a camel. He turns over the propeller, the engine cranks up.
I was talking about the girl.
I looked at them.  They're shrubs, small trees.  Exquisite.  And fossilized, rock hard. He walks away to the nose of the plane.
What did you do?
Her hands and feet were tied.
You shouldn't go into another man's tent. It's inexcusable.
Looking for the fossils.  Why should we wait until we're in London?  This girl was probably twelve years old.
What did you think you were doing in his tent?
That's your name innit?  Count Fucking Arsehole Von Bismarck? What's that supposed to be then, Irish?
Fritz?  What are you talking about? Who's Fritz?
Listen, Fritz, if I have to listen to another word from you I'll give you a fucking good hiding.
Please - I beg you, I beg you, I beg you, please listen to me, this is a terrible mistake. Just stop, please, and listen to me.  My wife is dying.
Shut-up!
Hey!  Hey!  Stop this jeep!  Let me out of here - there's a woman dying, there's a woman dying while I'm - Hey!
Thank you.
Would it? She kisses him, very softly, on the lips.
Just kiss me.  It would mean such a lot to me.
No, I'll get you some tea. Wait till you're in Naples.  You'll find a girl there.
You're the prettiest girl I ever saw.
Your leg will be fine.  A lot of shrapnel came out - I saved you the pieces.
Okay.
How are you?
Oh Jesus.  Oh Jesus Christ.
Go!  Hey!  Go! Caravaggio is in terror.
Don't cut me.  Come on.
Or was it Toronto?
Don't cut me.
Well, you must know.  You were brought up Libya, yes?
I slept with the girl.  I've got a wife in Tripoli.  A girl comes up and points at you, you only see trouble.
Why is there so much nose?  I can't hear myself think!  Look - give me something.  So we can all get out of this room.  A name.  A code.  It's too hot.
A nurse?  Well, sure, a nurse is great. A nurse?  Great.
We don't have a doctor, but we do have a nurse.
Yes, I've been asking for weeks, a month, I don't know, also my leg was -
You are a Canadian spy working for the Allies.  Code-name Moose.
It's impossible.  I was buying or selling something.  I've been to Cairo many times.
It is you.  This was taken in Cairo at British Headquarters - July 41. And so was this - August 41.  And this -February 42.
I don't know.
Is this you?
I keep explaining.  You've got the wrong man.  My name is Bellini - Antonio Bellini.  Bellini, Caravaggio, both painters, I think that is confusing you.
Petty thief, six months imprisonment Kingston Penitentiary, 1937.
No.
David Caravaggio.
I can get in the back.
She can take you as far as Florence.
Buon' giorno.
What's happened?  Kip!  What's happening? Don't shoot, please, don't shoot anybody.
Well, then ask him his name!
No-one should own music.  The real question is who wrote the song?
I think that's called looting.
I liberated it.
Where did you find that?
Please don't creep around this house.
Ask him.  Ask your saint who he is. Ask him who he's killed.
I don't know what that means.
I'm one of his ghosts and he wouldn't even know.  It's like he slammed a door in Cairo and it trapped my fucking hands in Tobruk.
What?  How could he have?  When?
What if I told you he did this to me?
Ask him.
Who are his ghosts?
I'm not in love with him.  I'm in love with ghosts.  And so is he. He's in love with ghosts.
You have to protect yourself from sadness.  This is the thing I've learned.  You're in love with him, aren't you? Your patient.  Do you think he's a saint or something?  Because of the way he looks?  I don't think he is.
I'll have some of your water.  It's hot.
Don't touch me if you're going to try and fuck me.
Hana?  Hana?  Are you alright?
Some gave me a dress.  You know what's great?  What I'm learning? You win a war and you not only gain the miles you get the moral ground. Everywhere I go, we're in the right. I like that.
What do you do?  What are you doing here?
You should be happy.  What were you going to do for him when it ran out? He pulls out more phials from his jacket.
It's a week.  We didn't know where you were - or if you coming back, or -
Can you cook the rabbit or will you try and bring that back to life?
I could help you.  I could get you off that.
Rabbit hunting.
Where've you been?
Supper. Hana calls after him.
Fine.  I'm not looking.
Because we're fine here.  I don't know what Mary told you about me, but I don't need company, I don't need to be looked at.
I'm okay.  Look, it's a big house. We needn't disturb each other.  I can shoot a pistol!  I'll sleep in the stables.  I don't care where I sleep.  I don't sleep.
If you said yes I would have had a reason.  You should let me redress those bandages.  Before you go.
No.
So you can shoot a pistol?
I'd like to stay.  That's the long and short of it.  I mean, you know blah-blah if it's convenient, if there's room blah-blah-blah.  I have to do some work here -I speak the language. There are Partisans to be -  -we embrace them and see if we can relieve them of their weapons, you know - while we hug.  I was a thief, so they think I'd be good at that.
So was my Patient.
Yeah, for a while.
You were in Africa?
They're fresh.  I haven't eaten an egg inhave you noticed there are chickens? You get chickens in Italy but no eggs. In Africa there were always eggs, but never chickens. Who separates them?
Bonjour.
I met your friend Mary.  She said I should stop and see if you were okay. Apparently we're neighbors - my house is two blocks from yours in Montreal. Cabot, north of Laurier.  Bonjour.
What do you want?
Are you Hana?
Buon' Giorno! Hana turns, startled and suspicious.
No, now I can't kill you.
You can't kill me.  I died years ago.
You get to the morning and the poison leaks away, doesn't it? Black nights, fucking black nights, when you want to howl like a dog. I thought I would kill you.  You killed my friends, you ruined my hands.  But the girl was always here, like some Guardian Angel.
Yes, I got back there finally to keep my promise.  To come back for her. And then of course I couldn't I couldn't even do that properly.
And did you never see Katharine? You never got back to the Cave?
Is that what you thought?  That I betrayed the British?  The British betrayed me.  The British betrayed me.
But you were among the British, they were your friends - why betray them?
Thousands of people did die, just different people.
There was a result to what you did. It wasn't just another expedition.  It did this.  If the British hadn't unearthed your nosey photographer in Cairo thousands of people could have died.
The rest meant nothing to me.
What did you say?
I had to get back to the desert. I made a promise.  The rest meant nothing to me.
You were the only man who knew the desert well enough, the only man who would cross seventeen hundred miles of nothing.
And you thought you'd come and settle the score?
Before you went over to the Germans, before you got Rommel's spy across the desert and inside British headquarters. He took some pretty good photographs - I saw mine in that torture room in Tobruk, so they made an impression.
I see.
I'd seen you writing in that book. At the Embassy in Cairo, when I had thumbs and you had a face. And a name.
Me?
So, I come across the Hospital Convoy  I was looking for this stuff, and some nurse, Mary, Hana's friend, tells me about you and Hana, hiding in a monastery, in purdah, whatever it is - retreat -  how you'd come in from the Desert and you were burned and you didn't know your name but you knew the words to every song there was and you had one possession -  - a copy of Herodotus - and it was full of letters and cuttings, and then I knew it must be you.
We shall miss you.
There are going to be trials, they want me to interpret, don't they know I'm allergic to courtrooms?
Hana tells me you're leaving.
What?
What?  You and Madox?  Or you and Katharine Clifton?
Very true!
Well, anything you do is likely to be fatal, so you know -
I've had a drink.  Fatal.
Have a drink.
Is there a song you don't know?
Top Hat.
For?
Irving Berlin.
What? Hana comes in, sleepily, frowns at the gramophone.
Thought you'd never wake up!
I don't know.  Paper.  Is it? Paper?  I don't remember.
First wedding anniversary - what do you call it?
Moose.
Is it you?  If I said Moose I look different, fuck, why shouldn't you?
I don't even know if it is my book. The Bedouin found it in the plane, in the wreckage.  It's mine now. I heard your breathing and thought it might be rain. I'm dying for rain - of course I'm dying anyway - but I long to feel rain on my face.
Why do I feel if I had your book I would know everything?
I can't hide anymore.  I breathe like a dog.  I lose my balance.  Stealing's got harder. Caravaggio stares at the Herodotus.
Are you outside? A beat and then Caravaggio shuffles in.  Like an old boxer.
I told her you can forget everything but you never forget your name.
I told her you would never invent such a preposterous name.
And you've forgotten yours.
Me?  You've got the wrong end of the stick, old boy.  So - Caravaggio - Hana thinks you invented your name.
Are you planning to be the exception?
I think anybody she ever loves tends to die on her.
All over?  I kept trying to cover a very modest portion and still failed.  Are you leaving us?  Now's our opportunity to swap war wounds.
Oh, all over.
I understand you were in Africa. Whereabouts?
Thief, I think, is more accurate.
Finally!  So you're our Canadian pickpocket?
Hello.
Marzipan!  I think you've got marzipan in your hair.  No wonder you're homesick.
What?
I do so love you.  What do you smell of?
Geoffrey, you do so love putting on a disguise.
Sweetheart, you know we can't go home, there might be a war.
Can't we really go home?  I can't breathe. Aren't you dying for green, anything green, or rain, wouldn't you die to feel rain on your face? It's Christmas and it's all - I don't know - if you asked me I'd go home tomorrow.  If you wanted.
Sweltering.  Come on, I'll take you home.
Aren't you?
Right.
I'm not pregnant.  I'm hot.  I'm too hot.
Lady H said she thought you might be -
I'm fine.  I got hot.
Darling, I just heard.  You poor sausage, are you all right?
But finally able to explore the Cairo night-life. I shall produce an authoritative guide to the Zinc Bars and - I want to say Harems - am I in the right country for Harems?
Oh.
Well look, if nobody minds, truly, then I suppose - I shall, of course, be bereft
Why do you think?  About my staying?
Well, she is!
Darling, for goodness' sake!
I was just saying, I'm going to cable Downing Street, see if I can't stir up a few shillings - Katharine's mother and the PM's wife are best -
Oh really?
The team is in mourning, darling.
Off with his head!
But then the Queen looked up and saw Gyges concealed in the shadows. And though she said nothing, she shuddered. The next day she sent for Gyges and challenged him.  And hearing his story, she said this -
Have to return the favor - take a few photographs for the army.
Did Katharine say? - Geoffrey has to fly back to Cairo.
To arm-twisting.
And a special thank you to Geoffrey and Katharine, without whose fund raising heroics we should still be kicking our heels. They toast the Cliftons.
Very much so.  We are all, save my friend here.
Good heavens, are you married, Madox?
I won't hear of it.  None of us will.
Oh no, really.  She has her book.
Of course.  Well, we should all go out onto the terrace.
This is Clive Fenelon-Barnes.
Apprentices.
I think you know all of us, except for Geoffrey and Katharine Clifton, who've recently come out from England.
We can finally consign my old bird to the scrapheap. Almsy smiles and walks on towards the others.
Isn't it?  Wedding present from Katharine's parents.  I'm calling it Rupert Bear.  Hello.  Geoffrey Clifton.
Marvelous plane.  Did you look?
That was a dance we invented at the International Sand Club.
Never heard of it.
Who knows the Bosphorus Hug?
Would you like me to?
Why don't you go?  You should sleep.
Don't depend on it.  Will you? That little bit of air, each day there's less of it, which is al right, which is quite all right.
You'd better be.
I'm still here.
- to her cooking.
Hey! -
Hana was just telling me that you were indifferent -
I don't think it's indifference.
I don't think it does.  Anyway, he's indifferent to me.
You like him, don't you?  Your voice changes.
Condensed milk - one of the truly great inventions.
Arguing about books.
Kip's another one.
I've been told that before.
Good morning.  Did you know that?  You're always singing?
In that case, I suppose we can't charge.
They have to clear all the local roads of mines.  That's a big job. They won't stay in the house. They're putting up their tent in the garden.
We should charge!  Doesn't anyone have a job to do?
With his Sergeant.  A Mr. Hardy.
Why?  Is he staying?
I liked it better when there were just the two of us.
My mother always told me I would summon my husband by playing the piano.
Really?  That's sudden.
I'll probably marry him.
Sikh.  If he wears a turban, he's a Sikh.
He wants us to move out, says there could be fifty more mines in the building. He thinks I'm mad because I laughed at him.  He's Indian, he wears a turban.
K is for Katharine.
Tell me about this, this is in your handwriting - December 22nd - Betrayals in war are childlike compared with our betrayals during peace.  New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything - for the heart is an organ of fire  I love that, I believe that.  Who is K?
Yes, of course, I'm so sorry. Stupid of me. Hana gets up, upset to have hurt him.
Could I ask you to move?  I'm sorry - but when you turn, the sheets, I can't really bear the sheets moving over me. Sorry.
Do I recognize him?  I recognize what he is. I like him.  He's Canadian.  He can read Italian.  He can catch rabbits.
He keeps asking me questions about you. Do you know him?  Do you recognize him?
That's a different dress.
He came back, he says he caught a rabbit.  I'm cooking it.
Something smells so rich.  My stomach is heaving -
Please, don't waste your time on pleasantries -
This is Captain McGann.
Thank you.  Thank you.
Well then - yes.  Of course.
No, I can't go, but if it, if you weren't offended, it would be very good of you to allow us - every other cabin is crammed. This is as private as we'll get.
Just go off.  I'll be quite all right.
He's going back to the front this evening.  I can't see him otherwise.
Your friend?
Can I ask - my friend, can he come in? Just for a few minutes?
Yes?
Excuse me -
He won't disturb us then.  I think he's after morphine.  There's a war.  Where you come from becomes important.  And besides - we're vulnerable here. I keep hearing noises in the night. Voices.
Me?  He can't.  I'm already disturbed.
He needn't disturb you.
Why are people always so happy when they collide with someone from the same place?  What happened in Montreal when you passed a man in the street - did you invite him to live with you?
He's Canadian.
Why?  Can he lay eggs?
There's a man downstairs.  He brought us eggs.  He might stay.
Because I'm a nurse.
Why are you so determined to keep me alive?
Are you crazy?
Could I have a cigarette?
Are you remembering more?
I can see my wife in that view.
No sand.  That's your drugs speaking.
Zerzura, the White City of Acacias, the Oasis of Little Birds.  As me about the scent of acacia - it's in this room.  I can smell it.  The taste of tea so black it falls into your mouth.  I can taste it. I'm chewing the mint.  Is there sand in my eyes?  Are you cleaning sand from my ears?
I'm turning you.
Not the window - I can't bear the light anyway - no, I can see all the way to the desert.  I've found the lost fossils.
How?  How can you see anything?
I can already see.
I should try and move your bed.  I want you to be able to see the view.  It's good, it's a view from a monastery.
Yes.  Dropping off.
Are you asleep?
When my wife comes to lie down she always lays her garments one by one on a seat near the entrance of the room, and from where you stand you will be able to gaze on her at your leisure
I'm not laughing at you.  Go on, please.
Candaulesyou're laughing at me.
Candaules
I will hide you in the room where we sleep, said Candaules. She stumbles over the word.
Thank you.
Oh - I've found plums.  We have plums in the orchard.  We have an orchard! She has peeled a plum and now slips it into his mouth.
My book?  The Herodotus?  Yes, we can read him.
I think they're all in Italian, but I'll look, yes.  What about your own book?
Before you find too many uses for these books would you read some to me?
I was repairing the stairs.  I found a library and the books were very useful.
What was all the banging?  Were you fighting rats or the entire German army?
Because you're leaning?  No, you're just on an angle.  You're too heavy!
There was a Prince, who was dying, and he was carried up the tower at Pisa so he could die with a view of the Tuscan Hills. Am I that Prince? Hana laughs.

Where's your Stuart from? Somewhere near there, isn't it?
I love you.
I'm not sewing anything else for you!
Hana, I know you do!
No!
You don't have any money, do you? Just in case there's silk.
I'm not sewing anything else.
There's meant to be lace in the next village - the boys are taking me.
So one day we'll meet.
I'll always go back to that church.
I'll always go back to that church. Look at my painting.
Then come with me.
I've clung to you.  I've clung to you. Kip.  Life  a raft.
I'm thinking about your heart, not your skin.  And how to reach it. And that I don't think I can.  A bomb has ruined us, just not the bomb I thought would ruin us.
It's what I've learned.
Is that what you think?  Is that what you think I think?
I know - here I am always a brown man, there you would be always a white woman.
Kip I -
I mean home.  India.
Of course.  When?
Will you come with me?
Nya-nya-nya!
This is hot!
The lamp was burning all night in his room.  Caravaggio was there with him.
I should go to the house, get breakfast.
When I went to England I was amazed at what went on, the waste - I'd been taught to re-use everything, the dung from a cow to cool a radiator, a fork to fix a typewriter - India could live for a hundred years on what I saw thrown away.
That gun at Lahor, Kipling's cannon - Zamzammah - remember?  That was made out of the metal of ordinary things. I want to make an ordinary thing out of guns. His bayonet is thrust into the forge.  It's red hot.
What are you up to?
You wouldn't come to find me?  That makes me never want to come here. But she continues unraveling the turban.
Then I'd think there must be a reason.
But if it got late and I hadn't shown up?
I try not to expect you.
If one night I didn't come to the tent, what would you do?
You loved him.
I was thinking yesterday - yesterday! - the Patient, Hardy: they're everything that's good about England. I couldn't even say what that was. We didn't exchange two personal words, and we've been together through some terrible things, some -  he was engaged to a girl in the village! - I mean -  and us - he never once He didn't ask me if I could spin the ball at cricket or the kamasutra or - I don't even know what I'm talking about.
Yes.  Later.
Kip - come and dance with me
This is what I do.  I do this every day.
Don't go.  I'm frightened.  I can love a coward, I can't love another dead man.
Don't talk.  Check again.  Lie flat and then cut.
Kiss me.  Before I cut.  Just in case.
No. But he hands them over.
Actually, you can't cut, can you? You'll fall over.  Give me the pliers.
You must get away.  Before I cut. I'm not cutting if you're here. He's struggling.  He's going to topple over if he cuts.
I'm not scared.  So many people have died around me.  But I would be a shame for us.  I don't feel like being shy.
Okay.  Get away from here.  Quick.
I promise you that was the right thing to do.  He's my good luck.  Now cut.  This one.  I hope we don't die.
What is this business with you and explosives?  Do you think you're immune?
I've done this.  I've had to do this.
Why would anyone do this?
I follow the wires.
You get Hardy.
So I follow the wires?
There's a mine here, but the others are far enough away, I think at least to give me a chance.  I have to work out which one to cut before I fall over.
What do I do?
The mines, the wires, there's a trick. Some explode if you stretch the wires, some if you cut them.
It's okay - I'll help.  Please.
I didn't like that book either. It's all about men.  Too many men. Just like this house.
I'll get another tin. Hana and the Patient are alone.
Yes, for your hair.
For my hair?
Thank you.
Try this.  I found a great jar of it. Olive oil.  In Naples this was so precious it would have bought you a wife.
I don't think so.
I've met you before.
No, but, no, not at all.  I'm sorry. You came to the doors, that's all and -  - such good manners for someone worried about mines.  That's all.
Is something funny?
I see.  Then may be you're safe as long as you only play Bach.  He's German. Kip is looking around the piano. Hana giggles.
The Germans were here.  The Germans were all over this area.  They left mines everywhere.  Pianos were their favorite hiding places.
Excuse me.  Yes?  I don't have the key to that door.
Oh God.  Oh God.
No.  He's - no.
He's gone, hasn't he?
Does he know a Captain McGann? The boy hears this, whispers to Oliver.
Third Canadian Fusiliers.
He's from there - edge of Lake Ontario right, Soldier?
Why Picton?
If anything happened to you I'd never forgive myself.
He can't even move.
And what if he really is a spy?
I need morphine.  A lot.  And a pistol.
It's not safe here.  The whole country's crawling with Bandits and Germans and God knows what.  It's madness.  I can't allow it. You're not, this is natural - it's shock. For all of us.  Hana -
When he dies I'll catch up.
It's not over everywhere.  I didn't mean literally.
The war's over - you told me yourself. How can it be desertion?
What if you couldn't find him?  Sergeant, not today, please. Not this morning.
Pardon me?
Does he have to go?
A bomb.  At the Viaduct. She closes the door, then reappears.
I'll tell him.  What is it?  Is it a mine?
Only we have to go to work.
He's sleeping.
I was looking for the Lieutenant Singh.
A toddler
You saved my life.  I haven't forgotten.  I thought you were very very tall. You seemed to big - a Giant - and I felt like a child who can't keep her balance.
I'll ask the Lieutenant.  But thank you.
Since Caravaggio turned up - food seems to appear, so please.
Very kind of you, we can always eat in the town with the others -
I was going to say - if you want to eat with us, ever you and Lieutenant Singh
Hello miss.
Hello.
I'm feeling old.
I thought that was for when we were very very old?
I had a hotel room.
I was looking forward to this evening.
A bit of one.
You've got a mustache.
We can do that when we're very, very old.
I'd like to spend a night with you in a bed.
I've got a surprise.  A boat!  We can go to Capri.  It's got a cabin, it's private.
Sorry.  I took a Benzedrine.
Whoa - give me a chance!
This is making me incredibly angry.
Yessir.
Go away.
You've got to cut, sir, that frost won't last.
I'm afraid so, sir. Kip hurries to his tent.  Hana follows him.
What's happening?  Am I needed?
Don't move!  Stand ABSOLUTELY STILL! Hana stops. 
Hey!  Hey!  Stop!  Hey!
I insist.  There clearly isn't room for us all, I'm the least able to dig, and I'm not one of the walking wounded. Those are facts.  Besides, if I remain it's the most effective method of persuading my husband to abandon whatever he's doing and rescue us. It's hard to argue with this logic.
Certainly not.
Why not?
Darling, Peter says I could stay
A more modest expedition, or even wait a year.  Remind our families we still exist.
How awful.  What will you do?
I'm afraid we're not having much luck obtaining funds for the expedition.
Not at all.  I was thoroughly enjoying by book.  Please.  Signor D'Agostino, Herr Bermann.
Mrs. Clifton, you'll have to forgive us.  We're not accustomed to the company of women.
It doesn't matter.  Really.  I think I can muddle through.  Okay - The Story of Candaules and Gyges. King Candaules was passionately in love with his wife -  One day he said to Gyges, the son of somebody, anyway - his favorite warrior -
Your book.  Your Herodotus! Almsy looks uncomfortable.
No, please.  I shall be absolutely fine. They pass Almsy, who doesn't look up from his book.
I'll come with you.
I think I might go inside and sit down for a few minutes.
How romantic.  With Fiona I fell over every five minutes.  Ronnie Christened me Lady Downfall.
I don't think so.
You should sit down, darling.  She's quite all right.  Are you pregnant?
Coming.  I can't sleep.  I woke up shouting in the middle of the night. Geoffrey thinks it's the thing in the desert, the trauma.
Katharine!
Go on, do it.  I don't need to hear any more.
They're excited!  They're happy about destroying a whole city. Would they do that to a White Man's City?  Never!
What have I been doing all this time? Do you know how many mines I've seen? - more mines than there are soldiers, more - how many mines we've put in the ground ourselves, stuffed in corpses, dropped out of the sky.  And now this.
What are you talking about?
I looked up to you, Uncle.  My brother always said I was a fool. Never trust the British, he said: the deal-makers, the map-makers; never shake hands with them.
Kip?
What's he saying?
This is wonderful!
Hana, we have discovered a shared please - the boy and I.
What I really object to, Uncle, is your finishing all my condensed milk.  And the message everywhere in your book - however slowly I read it - that the best destiny for India is to be ruled by the British.
So what do you really object to - the writer or what he's writing about?
It's still there, the cannon, outside the museum. It was made of metal cups and bowls taken from every household in the city as tax, then melted down. Then later they fired the cannon at my people - comma - The natives.
- The Wonder House comma as the natives called the Lahore Museum.
Brick platform opposite the old Ajaib-Gher -
I think so.  Although I believe that to be true of a number of Germans. Might I have a glass of water?
Then you were married?
Or my wife's.
This was your garden?
You tell me.  I remember a lot of things. I remember a garden, plunging down to the sea - the Devil's Chimney we called it - and there was a cottage at the bottom, right on the shore, nothing between you and France.
How do you know you're not German if you don't remember anything?
No.
Why?  Are you German?
Am I being interrogated?  You should be trying to trick me.  Ask me about Tottenham Hotspur.  Or Buckingham Palace. About Marmite - I was addicted.  Or make me speak German, which I can, by the way.
No.  I think I was a pilot.  I was found near the wreckage of a plane by the Bedouin.  I was with them for some time.
What about your rank or serial number?
I'm going to get him, I promise you.
Tell me where you are, or just leave the line open so I can trace you.
Too late now.
Listen to me. Whatever you're doing, stop. Pull out.
He's on to something bigger.
In the middle? You've got the Mask, why don't we have him?
I'm in the middle.
Gin? Where the hell are you?
I'll send you a postcard. Got to go.
Where are you at least?
Look, trust me. I know what I'm doing.
Don't overestimate yourself.
You, want to blow the whole thing, go right ahead.
This is dangerous. I'm sending backup.
I don't know, but close.
How close?
We're getting close.
Yeah yeah yeah. What's the status?
This was my first excuse to get away. I can't exactly use my cell phone.
You don't call, you don't write.
Which you have in mind.
And a target guaranteed to catch his interest.
That's doable.
I'd need an introduction. From someone he trusts. Someone who owes us a favor.
How would you approach him? Hello, Mr. MacDougal, I'm Gin, would you steal a painting with me?
I've been following this guy for years. I'm your best shot.
With that computer--nobody better. Out there...it's different. You twisted your ankle stepping over a curb on Madison Avenue.
It's not the thinking of it, it's the doing it.
Why didn't I think of that?
We've got to catch him in the act.
Yeah. Me.
You got a better idea?
They've never caught him before, what makes you think they'll catch him now?
Exactly.
You're saying the thief wants us to think it's Mac but it's really not.
Give me a break. Remember Manzini? When he stole Montezuma's scepter he left a Pepto Bismal bottle. The best ones always copy Mac.
Mac's signature.
Put the bolts on that window under a scope, I'm betting you'll find wrench scratches on them.
And the draft blew over the flowers.
Meaning no one arranges calalilies like that. He left the window open when he came in. His only mistake.
Meaning--
Let a thousand flowers bloom. Chairman Mao.
You ordering chop suey again?
Interesting theory. Where's the proof?
He unscrewed the bolts, reset them on rollers, then slid the whole frame away. No more effort than it takes to vacuum a floor.
That's great if you're a computer. In the real world that pane weighs 200 pounds. The building's 600 feet high.
Bingo.
So he popped the pane?
Entry through the doors or vents triggers instant alarm.
The windows don't open.
Through a window.
A thief this good could handle the sensors in the rooms. What we don't get is how he effectuated his entry.
I don't recall asking your permission.
I don't recall authorizing you to have a personal life.
I hardly knew the guy. Why be impolite to strangers?
You didn't answer the beeper either.
There are times when you don't answer the phone.
Where were you? I called at 4:30 this morning.
You mean the seven billion.
You gave them the eight billion.
They've been on to you all along. Knew you had a big job going.
That would be Thibadeaux. The cop I work for every now and then. Catching thieves. The really good ones--the ones who imitate me.
He looks familiar.
Both sides of the street, I'm afraid.
--You're a cop.
My god--
You have the right to remain silent. But anything you say may be taken down in evidence and used against you--
What about you?
It's only ninety seconds up the line. You're on a connection to a trans Siberian express.
But--
Take the airport subway, but change at Jordan Station for Kowloon Tong.
Nothing is wrong. Everything is the way it has to be. In my left coat pocket is a packet. Passports, hotel reservations, tickets.
What's wrong.
I'm not leaving without you.
Put this on!
No, you can't.
I cannot get rid of you.
Get out of here!
Hang on.
Go!
No way.
Come on.
You can do it.
Jesus.
I sincerely hope not.
The door's the only way out!
We can't help it, we...we've gotta...
The disc is still in there.
MOVE IT, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING F...
We can't leave it IN THERE, it's got all our accounts, everything that can NAIL us to a goddam CROSS!!!
Don't panic, now, there's no rush...
FUCKING THING!!!
Relax, don't jam it...
Hong Kong midnight, happy new year. Except at China Bank.
Jesus God, it's going through.
They'll each be positive the other guy did it.  I fear an ugly international incident.
China will think it happened before midnight. Britain will swear it happened after midnight...
And when, eventually, everyone discovers what transaction XJ6 was really about...
Brought us luck once, maybe it will again.
The sign of our partnership.
I'm leaving from the Nathan Road Station at 6:30 tomorrow morning. You could come too.
They drive so recklessly there.
I'm going to disappear. I die in a car crash in Taiwan. Very easy to do.
What? Another job? Stealing the Eiffel Tower?
Not for me.
A flaw in your research, my dear. I grew up chewing shoe leather for breakfast.
That's because you grew up rich.
Seen one billion, seen them all.
Four billion dollars.
Oh, I don't care about the money.
So what are you going to do with your share?
I'm sorry.
Nothing like fear of drowning to focus your attention.
Of course not. It was just a negotiating ploy.
Have really held you under?
But would you--would you--
But that's all behind us now.
It was wrong to deceive you.
That was a lifetime ago.
Call it a new tradition.
You have something in mind?
There is one more thing.
Can't break tradition. It's bad luck.
You shouldn't have.
No. You'll see when we get inside.
No way to take another day or two?
Surgically attached.
Done.  And I assume you have the magic CD- ROM?
Packed.
Parachute.
Charged.
Pulse detectors.
Let me guess. His retinal plate is in there.
Two men in the world don't need passwords or codes. Their retinas will scan to unlock everything. one of those two men is the chairman of the bank.
Can't be too careful.
Access codes to the vault are changed daily, passwords for our computer on the hour...
Like a woman of mystery.
How do I look?
Feeling old?
For God's sake, the only way I can get from one elevator to the other is to jump.
Look, there's a video security system to bypass, that's the only hard part. You've done that a dozen times.
You're overestimating yourself again. What's worse, this time you're overestimating me.
I've covered everything. And you're the best, so--
There's always a surprise.
There's no way to practice this. And no time. Besides, I've planned it all. There aren't any surprises.
You're out of your mind. We can't do a job like this with no rehearsal.
That's the beauty of it. There's only one tiny window of time when this will work. At the handover of Hong Kong--from Britain to China. The handover from them to us.
You can't be serious.
We're doing it tonight.
So how long till we do this?
You've thought of everything.
That's where the Mask comes in.
Then the vault, how to get in the vault, that's stumping me.
Got it.
It's no good without the argon gas.
The oscilloscope's already programmed.
Sit down, I'll show you how we're going to do it.
A parting gift from the Empire.
Nope. The CD instructs the computer to replace those instructions with an innocuous loan coded XJ-6.
But those instructions, they're recorded in the computer.
Every wire transfer gets rocketed through a series of multiple switches. As soon as each deposit lands somewhere, it's shot somewhere else. It ends up so clean the Mafia couldn't find it.
And the money goes--
It's taken me five years at Webber Insurance, nights, weekends, every spare minute, to make this CD. It has all the necessary instructions and confirmation codes to tell their computer to transfer reasonably modest sums out of thousands of those accounts, two, or three million at a crack. Total, eight billion and change.
Where the money is.
Peoples China Bank.
Guest lists of every A-list party on turnover night. They'd be handy to disappear into, so we're invited to all of them.
What's that?
Right. The eight billion.
The eight billion. From them to us.
Transfer.
Currency data so we can do optimum conversions at the moment of transfer.
You're being useless. I'm making us rich.
Well...What are we doing?
My job, my rules.
What about the rules?
I'd taken the Mask?
Oh my god, I thought--
Would you quiet down! Just for a minute?
Do you know what you've done!? Do you know?
You took the Rembrandt, I figured it was a fair trade.
The Mask. Where is it?
There's food in the fridge. I won't be long.
Idle hands, the devil's workshop.
Everyone has secrets, it's what makes us human.
Okay, look, I'm delivering this to a man who's going to give us the key to our job. But it's pointless to try to explain it yet. You just have to trust me. I don't have any more secrets.
Insidious thing, wondering if your partner...has another partner.
I told you. It's the down payment. And thanks to you it's overdue.
Sure, it's only worth 25 million or so, don't bother telling me what you're going to do with it.
I'll need the Rembrandt now.
Everything.
You've got everything planned.
I always knew you'd do the job.
Hmmm...44 long.
Hold the record. Alone.
Come on, what can you do with six billion you can't do with four?
It's fifty-fifty, less the cost of the dress.
My eighty, your twenty, smart guy--
No, really, it's your plan, you should get at least 30 per cent--
Okay, 80-20--
If you want a partner, I think you should recalculate the split.
Speaking of money. You said billions. How many?
I like banks.  That's where the money is.
You don't know the half of it.
We're living history here.
Get the hell in.
Your share.
A billion dollars.
What?
There is no big job.
The big job.
It's your mistake.
STOP! You're making...mistake.
What do I need a thief for? I've got the Mask.
Yes. Yes.
Okay, you're a thief.
No, no, please God, you're wrong. I'm a thief. Just like you.
You're playing both sides of the street. You're going to keep the Mask and turn me in.
What?
Now's when you tell me who you really are.
The Mask.
We did it.
Shut up.
Careful...careful.
Duh.
Be careful not to break the laser beams.
Behind you.
They moved it.
Got it.
Can you see the other PIRs?
Ready.
Ready?
Yes, you can.  You can spoil a perfectly nice dance.
You can't be too careful.
These rooms are solid stone. They haven't changed.
Don't turn. I'm counting the steps to the entrance.
You're not on the beat.
One, two, three...
Let's mingle a little, shall we?
It's a party.
We're working.
In eye of that painting.
Popup, on floorboards. And--
Bookshelf. Sensors--
Camera in the--
He pulled back his arms and blam, I landed right on the floor. I picked myself up, tears in my eyes, and he looked at me and he said, Son, don't ever trust anybody. Anybody.
And--
Something like that.
So you had to be your own lifeline.
He wasn't.
My father told me not to be afraid. He'd always be there for me.
Aren't we all.
I had a lifeline. If I've got a lifeline, I'm okay.
How in the devil did you do the Rembrandt then?
Terrified. Still am.
You were afraid of heights?
When I was a girl my father took me to the edge of El Capitan. Three thousand feet of granite. Straight down. I was so scared my mouth was full of cotton. I couldn't talk, just stood there shivering...like this.
You're nervous again.
To our...partnership.
To us. To the Mask.
Little celebration before we set off.
Aren't we early?
I've got something for you.
Certainly the most beautiful crook I've ever seen.
Straight down the drive, right at the hedgerow, follow the lane. Don't blink, you'll miss it.
Won't take any time.
It's not a village. There's nothing there.
No, no, I want to. I'll just go into the village.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Don't get any ideas. Of course it comes out of your share.
You bought this for me?
It's---beautiful.
I trust it's your size.
One more item--not on the check list.
That's it. We're ready.
Charged. Receiver?
Charged?
Got it.
The lipstick thermal camera?
A dozen times.
And you've checked the ram to be sure it's synchronized with the clock.
Twenty four seconds--as long as it takes the clock to strike twelve.
So how long to pop the floor?
Yes you did.
I didn't mean to get personal.
It was a long time ago.
All this, this is a woman's version of what you would like.
Hmmm.
Our equipment has arrived.
Did I hear a car?
Try laps. Say a hundred.
Let's do it again.
We are...for the tools.
Why don't we take oxygen?
Oh, I think you can do it. Probably.
So you're testing <u>me</u> now?
Let's just see how we do.
So the Mask is part of the down payment too. Must be a really big job.
Without the Mask it doesn't matter.
A partner with secrets isn't much of a partner.
We get the Mask I'll tell you.
On what? Another job?
No. It's a down payment.
Don't worry, I can get rid of this. No trace. And I'll even go fifty fifty, we're partners aren't we?
This isn't a good time to hear your personal philosophy.
No one <u>needs</u> anything except food and shelter. The rest we just want.
I'll need that.
You're too easily impressed with yourself. I believe I've made that point before.
Someone was expecting that.
It was perfect.
The Rembrandt--that was quite good.
You need a partner for this job. You'll never find one as good as me.
True enough.
I drilled the bolts and went in through the window. It was the only way to bypass the smart glass.
I wondered who'd been giving me a bad name.
That's because I wanted them to!
Nice try. Everyone thinks I did.
No, dammit! I mean me! That Rembrandt...that Rembrandt!
A lifelong problem, I'm afraid.
You don't have any idea how lucky you are!
This isn't some Picasso print you steal out of a car dealer's rec room.
Look, I can help. You need a sensor expert. You've got one.
Pack up. I'll see you get back to London.
You don't get the Mask code unless I go.
I go in alone.
Precisely. You give me the Mask security code, I steal the Mask, you get a finders fee. At ten percent, should be two or three million at least. Not too bad.
We're doing this together. We're partners.
We? Are you implying that I'm taking you inside?
We go underwater?
So the Duke dug a tunnel--just in case. They made the lake a hundred years later. Flooded the tunnel.
That's when we'll do it. And we'll need every single day.
They're having a farewell party the last night. Before the Mask goes back to Taiwan.
Only a week?
In a week.
Years ago, if memory serves. When does the exhibit end?
As I recall, you've robbed it before.
I know it well.
It is.  Coffee and fruitloops or whatever you eat in the kitchen. We'll start in twenty minutes.
Nice spot.
Good morning.
And good morning.
<u>I'm</u> dressed.
You're late.
My job, my rules. We've got a job to do. No mixing business and pleasure.
Why are we in separate--you know, separate rooms?
I guess I have a more optimistic view of human nature than you do.
Nothing? You don't even lock the door?
Hmmm. I'd be surprised if you could.
I'm impressed. Can't spot a thing.
And--
I'm just curious what sort of security system you'd have in your own house.
Lose something?
You really don't believe I'd take on a partner after all these years without a little...insurance?
What's my problem? You want a list?
What's your problem? I'm doing the job.
I don't believe this.
No. Entrapment is what cops do to robbers.
That's entrapment.
Where's my bag?
I'm a thief. Sue me.
You stole my luggage? You--
Certainly not mine. Come on.
Those are my clothes.
I never carry...baggage.
What about your bags?
I'm not the one to ask...
We're going to die, aren't we...
We're only going one way.
It's one way.
Got it.
Motorcycle.
You what--?
Not bad. I didn't expect you to make it out.
What the hell was that?
Up to you. You could tell him the check is in the mail.
What the hell do I do now?
Not funny.
Damn, I knew I forgot something.
He says they turned the card down.
That's what you're buying. Put it in your pocket.
A film case.
Look on the back. What do you see?
I'm telling you it's a forgery. The paint's still wet for God's sake.
Can you follow simple directions?
But--
Give him the card.
It's a fake.
I'm paying...one point five million and change. I hate round numbers.
How much am I paying?
It's simple. You pick up the painting, you pay for it with this debit card.
Fine. What do I do?
That's my girl.
It's a test.
If I can't trust you to pick up a painting, how can I trust you about the Mask?
I'm not here to run errands. I'm here for the Mask.
Quite a good one. A Monet. Not major, but it is Giverney.
You want me to pick up a painting?
Not a word.
Very nice.
Maybe you should go buy yourself some clothes.
Maybe I should drive this time.
Possibly.
We going somewhere?
It's only on exhibit at the Queen's Museum this month. Even if you could get into the museum, the Mask bas its own security system. A special, randomly programmed interval code.
Oh?
You can't.
Besides, if I lacked certain ethical scruples about the ownership of property--which I do not--I wouldn't need a partner, much less a callow girl. I'd do it myself.
Roki has a vivid imagination.
But Roki said--
So you've heard all those stories about me. Well, I can assure you they're not true. And if they were true, I've retired.
I know.
It's not for sale.
I suspected it might be worthy of your interest.
That old pirate Chiang Kai Shek personally took this to Taiwan when he was run out of China in 1949. Peking would dearly love to have this back...
Somewhat better than that temple scroll you were bidding on.
The most important piece of Chinese art outside of China.
The Empress Death Mask.
I'm sorry. This just means so much to me.
For God's sake.
Good. I'll call the concierge. They can get you a new room, book your flight home, so forth.
Well, no...but...
Are you under the impression that now I'm in some way obligated to you?
Not interested.
We were, we are, but this is perfect for you.
And I thought we were getting on so well.
Oh, that's quite all right. No charge.
I've got something for you.
Because you young Americans think the world began when you were born. You fall apart when you don't get your own way.
No. Why would I be?
You're shaking. Are you nervous?
Of course I can. I have a note from mother.
You...you can't.
Do you mind?
So alive.
So what?
I didn't expect you to be so...
Oh, I'm taking you...quite seriously.
You're not taking me seriously.
I sincerely hope so.
I've got something...
Excuse me?
Of course you wouldn't. The Rembrandt wouldn't fit.
Like I would have art in my suitcase.
Maybe the thief thought you had something valuable. You are in the business, that's what Roki says.
Yes. But they don't have a clue.  Why would anyone steal my luggage?
You're joking.  You can't trust anyone these days.
I don't care about the damned car. My luggage's been stolen.
That's good. Terrific.
It was only a scratch. Far more damaging to my trousers than to me.
Are you...okay?
You seemed to be handling everything quite nicely.
You disappeared.
It's nothing serious. I'll just run into that building. They'll have some sort of first aid kit.
I'll call an ambulance.
Seems I am.
Meet me in front. Five minutes.
Uh, yes.
You have a car?
Something of great value, something of such artistic and historic significance that only you could truly appreciate...
Believe me, if you weren't so tiresome, I'd have one for you.
I have a proposal for you.
Then don't.
I don't want to waste your time.
Where did you hear that, one of those American talk shows?  Check, please.
I'm sorry about the scroll, but sometimes you have to lose to win.
You're like malaria. Once you get it, you can't get rid of it.
Mr. MacDougal.
How about if you try disappearing.
How about if I try humility.
It's sold.
I can't?
No you can't.
A billion people speak Chinese. Don't be too impressed with yourself. As for that scroll, I can resell it for double. In 30 minutes.
Uh. I'm showing off.
Why are we speaking Chinese?
That is of no interest.
Who am I?
I have a question...
Tomorrow. It has to be tomorrow. Or forget the Mask.
Gin, really.
You should know, when I come back here with the Mask--if anything goes wrong, a detailed description of everything you've done goes to the PRC.
Always in a rush.
We need to make the trade tomorrow.
A true master. Classic, yet extremely sexual, don't you think?
Yeah. Probably not.
Probably not.
See you.
I been meaning to tell you, far as I'm concerned you're over the hill.
Yes it does.
Takes a lot out of you, one like this.
We wear so many goddam masks after a while they get stuck to our faces, you know? And they don't come off. But when you find the one person who really knows you, and then you lose her...
My friend, you always surprise me.
Did I ever tell you what Tina wrote? The night she died?
I really don't think that's a topic on which you have much to offer.
You got a real problem with priorities, you know that?
The face decays, the mask doesn't. Art lasts, we don't. That's why art's so valuable. It's a little piece of immortality.
I figured that out.
Take this mask. It may look like the Empress, but it's not.
You don't really think I'd leave ten million dollars worth of our chips in her bag?  What matters isn't what's real. It's what we <u>think</u> is real--what matters is the art.
Thought you had to use some of these.
Call it an expression of trust.
You're giving them to me?
Thirty-five next generation microchips. Copper, not silicon. Value: one million each.
She won't tell me everything. It's a bank job, that's all I know.
Faith is angels dancing on the head of a pin. I got to have trust.
You'll just have to have faith.
To yourself, that's where.
You know where my loyalties lie.
You better be keeping your mind on business. It's not just me you got to worry about. I've got some very unpleasant folks looking over my shoulder.
It's never happened before. What makes you think it's happening now?
My antenna is up, it is fully extended, and I am picking up...what is it? It is, can it be? The boy is in el, u, v.
She reminds you of yourself. There's nobody you admire more.
She's good. Give her that. Almost as good as she thinks she is.
You're impressed with her, aren't you?
She's calling the shots now.
I'm waiting for the tell part.
This is just show and tell.
That's because we live in the future. Which is what's on my mind.
It's not just art, it's history. Something you Americans don't care about--because you haven't got any.
Doesn't look like much. How come those Commos want it so bad?
Check out my ball.
Tonight your league night?
I'm terribly sorry old man.
You damn well thought wrong.
Oh, look at me, darling. I thought this gentleman was a waiter.
You change partners, you change the rules.
Suspicious, after all these years?
You better not be taking on a new partner.
We're supposed to.
You two make quite a couple.
Because it pays off.
Remind me why.
So patience, Thibeau, patience. Trust me.
But the second mouse gets the cheese.
The early bird gets the damn worm.
It's too soon.
I cannot tell you a goddamned lie. She's selling you a pig in a poke. We better do this tonight.
You look like George Washington.
How the hell I'm supposed to know the damn difference?
I said a masked ball, not a costume party.
It better be worth it for me.
Oh, it is.
This better be worth 1t.
I'd say she's a size 6 who wears a size 4.
Black of course.
That's it, I sure as hell ain't no personal shopper.
I need you to get one more thing for me. A dress, elegant but sexy, something Grace Kelly would wear. Maybe a Balenciaga.
Because I never assume anything.
Right.
It's a death mask. Death mask means dead.
Let me ask you, this Mask, when they made it--was the old bitch dead or alive?
It's never big enough.
This is big enough.
We might not want to cash in our chips just yet. She has another job after this one. A big one.
You are a miracle worker.
Inconvenient is trying to find a pulsing laser with magic arms in two days.
If we don't bypass it, the temperature in the Mask room will change and set off the alarm. That would be inconvenient.
Sure wouldn't want you to be uncomfortable.
We're going to need a vacuum with a battery pack for the dust. The air filters might be wired. And a bypass hose for the AC.
You're not the one trying to get all this shit. You think they've just got a Crooks R Us on every corner?
The key to success is using the right tools.
Had to get a liquid plasma screen.
The porta power...comm kits...got the IR/Thermo camera?
And you do it so well.
Yeah, the lord of the manor doesn't haul his own groceries.
I'd give you a hand but it wouldn't look good.
Don't go getting sentimental. You're no damn good at it.
Tina was a wonderful woman.
In the van.
Which is--
They work off the O2 tank just like the slice pack.
Next time I'll use valet parking.
I'm not real big on collecting banged up Ferraris at airports.
I'm gonna assume that was meant as a compliment, Anna, and just say thank you.
Um, Erin?  Listen.  Even though you're not necessarily my favorite person in the world ...  ... sometimes you're not half-bad.
Don't use language with me --
What the fuck did you do with my stuff?
Where've you been?
Erin, you've been here three weeks.  If you don't know how to do your job by now, I am not about to do it for you.
Anna?  With this real-estate valuing stuff - - could you remind me, cause I'm a little confused about how exactly we do that.
That's a joke, right?
Oh, hell.  I'm dyslexic.
... what we do in here is keep track of all the case files.  That way, at any time, we can find out a case's status -- where it is in the office, stuff like that.  We file 'em all here, alphabetically --
Hey, excellent.  Thanks.
Tell you what, why don't you go on over to reception, tell them I said Mario should take you to the airport.
Thanks.  I'll keep it in mind.
Mr. Masry, before you go off on some crusade, you might want to remember who it is you're dealing with here.  PG&E is a 28- billion dollar corporation.
250,000 is all I'm authorized to offer.
Wait a minute -- I thought we were negotiating here.
A million things could have caused those problems.  Poor diet, bad genes, irresponsible lifestyle.  Our offer is final and more than fair.
You're kidding, right?  Look at these readings for Christ's sake. PG&E's own technicians documented toxic levels of hexavalent chromium in those test wells, on numerous occasions.
I understand they've had a bad run of luck, health-wise, and they have my sympathies. But that's not PG&E's fault.
What about in terms of medical expenses? 250,000 doesn't come close to what this family's gonna have to spend on doctors.
In terms of land value out in Hinkley, Mr. Masry, we feel it's a more than fair price.
250,000?
All of them.
All of 'em?
Fax these to this number, okay?
Who?
What's she doing here?
Nothing you can't show up for with a stain.
I didn't mean for you to leave them in the middle of the floor.  Jesus.  Look at me. What do I have this afternoon?
It's those files you asked for.
What the hell is this doing here?
Right.  Lap-dancers are people too.
You shouldn't judge, Brenda.
Erin Brockovich.  Car accident.  Not her fault, she says.  And she looks like such an honest girl, don't you think?
Whoa.  Remind me.
He's a low-life.  Speaking of which, that's your nine o'clock in there.
Carlos isn't a friend; he's a client.
Tequila.  From your drug dealer friend.
What do you think?  What's this?
His dry cleaners.  You want him?
Oh, Jesus.  Who's responsible for his pain and suffering this time?
Tony Marvin.
That asshole smashed in my fucking neck!
An ER doctor who spends his days saving lives was the one out of control --
He came tearing around the corner, out of control --
So you say.
What?  Hey -- <u>he</u> hit <u>me</u>.
What's your point?
So.  You must've been feeling pretty desperate that afternoon.
Yeah.  There's two.  Why?
There's more than one?
Which one?
Seventeen thousand in debt.  Whew.  Is your ex-husband helping out?
... or lemme guess -- toxic waste?
Usually, in adults, it's from exposure to bacteria or a virus or ...
How does someone get meningitis?
She must be a tough cookie, cause it's a pretty advanced case.  I'd say she's been walking around with it for a few weeks now.
Jesus.
It's an inflammation of the spinal cord and part of the brain.
Meningitis?  What the hell is meningitis?
Oh my God.  Oh my God.
Yup.
And get someone to help around the house.
Any school you want.
I can put them in a good school.
It's enough -- for whatever you need, for whatever your girls need, for whatever your girls' girls need -- it'll be enough.
I don't even know how much money that is.
Five million dollars.
Five million dollars?
And he's making them give five million of it to you all.
Oh, my God.
Both.
A number for the whole group, or for us?
The judge came up with a number.
Well, then -- if you're feeling up to it, maybe we should talk shop.
It's a good day.  I feel good.
Well, I was gonna head over to the Browns now.  I was thinking -- Mandy really values your opinion ...
For what?
You wouldn't happen to have a little time right now, would you, Donna?
Sure you are.  You're just a happier woman, cause you don't have to deal with maxi-pads and underwire.
Sure wish I had longer to get used to the idea.  You think if you got no uterus, and no breasts, you're still technically a woman?
Right, but -- didn't you say he was paid by PG&E?
No.  Hunh-uh, see, that's not what the doctor said.  He said one's got absolutely nothing to do with the other.
I know.  But the toxicologist I been talking to?  He gave me a list of problems that can come from hexavalent chromium exposure. And everything you all have is on that list.
Well -- then it's gotta be a different than what's in our water, cause ours is okay. The guys from PG&E told me.  They sat right in the kitchen and said it was fine.
Yeah.
And you say this stuff, this hexavalent chromium -- it's poisonous?
It was right up on the PG&E property over there.
An on-site monitoring well?  That means --
Not around here.  This is a rough part of the world.  Hard times, not a lot of money, not a lot of luck.  It's a challenge, staying healthy in a town like this.  Heck, even our dogs up and die.
Seems like an awful big coincidence -- your water being messed with and you being so sick.
I thought the same thing, right off the bat. That's why we went to see the doctor.  But hunh-uh.  Turns out one's got nothing to do with the other.
Well, hell, maybe that's why you all have been so sick --
It's a chemical they used over at that compressor station up the road there.
What's chromium?
The chromium.  Well, that's what kicked this whole thing off.
The what?
Cause of the chromium.
Wow.  Why would they do that?
You bet.  Paid for a check-up for the whole family.  And not like with insurance where you pay, then wait a year to be reimbursed, either.  They just took care of it.  Just like that.  We never even saw a bill.
They did?
Well, they paid for the doctor's visit.
Right, but -- I'm sorry, I don't see why you were corresponding with PG&E about it in the first place.
Are you kidding?  With how our lives are, if I start subdividing files, I'll be sunk.  I just kept all PG&E correspondence in one place.
Yeah, I can see that.  I guess the only thing that confused me is - - not that your medical problems aren't important, but -- how come the files about them are in with all the real estate stuff?
So the whole idea of selling the house -- don't get me wrong, I'd be glad to move to some better place, but if they aren't gonna pay us properly, I just don't see the point.
I'll say.  Holy moley.
Thank you.  It's in remission now, thank the Lord, but you never know.  And then while that's going on, I end up having to have a hysterectomy.  Plus a whole mess of lumps removed from my breasts.  All benign so far, but still, no matter how positive you stay, an operation can still take it out of you.
Yeah, I'm real sorry to hear that.
I know.  They're more than a bit unusual. See, two years ago, Pete got Hodgkin's disease.  That's a kind of cancer --
Yeah, I'm real glad you brought that up.  I was going through your file here, and I ran into these medical records.  They kinda surprised me --
Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains.  Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy.  You know, I've been sick. Me and Peter both have.
Right.
Thank you.  I think so too.  That's why I'm being such a stickler on this house price thing.  I don't mean to be a pain in PG&E's backside, especially after all they've done for Hinkley, but I look around here and I think, if they want this place, they're gonna have to pay for it.  And I don't just mean pay for the house; I'd like them to pay me for the trouble of starting over.
Yeah?  I should learn to do stuff like that. They make the place feel real homey.
I added air conditioning, put in the pool, made all those pillows by hand ...
Well it oughta be, with all the work I put into it.
This is a real nice place you got here.
Hell, no.  I hate lawyers.  I just work for them.  You got a minute?
You're a lawyer?
I'm Erin Brockovich, from Masry & Vititoe?
Yes?
Hi.  Donna Irving?
The firm took in sixty.  That's three percent.  Seemed like a fair bonus to me.
Two million dollars?
Take it.
What is that?
Okay, fine.  <u>Fine</u>  You backed me into a corner again.  You're holding me hostage ...
Ed, I swear, I'm not --
"I can always find someplace else to work. Someplace that'll pay me a fortune and give me a view of the French Riviera ..."
I wasn't gonna --
The extortion, the threats ...
Here what comes?
Oh, okay.  Here it comes.
Yeah.  Yours is nicer.
You see your office?
Careful you don't spit from here; you could kill someone.
Cause you got a little voice in your head saying, do the right thing.  Give him another chance.
How do you know that?
But I know you're not gonna quit on me.
The luckiest son of a bitch in the universe, Erin.  The luckiest son of a bitch in history.
Say you'd be the luckiest son of a bitch on Earth if I didn't up and quit over all this.
I did.  Both.
Say you shortchanged me and you shortchanged yourself.
I was wrong.
Say you were wrong.
I don't know what to say.
Oh, now don't get all jealous, Ed.  I got a little something for you, too.
Ho - ly - shit.
You know what, Mr. Potter?  I completely forgot your birthday this year.  And seeing as how you've been so good to me, I think that is a terrible oversight.  So what I been doing over the last few days is I've been putting together a present for you.
Erin?  What are you --
Morning!
No, I'm serious.  You know what Kurt Potter is?  He's the kind of guy who never would have taken this case in the first place. He's the kind of guy who would have sold these plaintiffs down the river when PG&E offered 20 million.  He doesn't work like us, Ed.  There's no little voice in his head telling him to do the right thing.
Erin --
Fuck Kurt.
Because Kurt doesn't want to work with you. He thinks you're a loose cannon.
Why not?
This isn't doctor's orders.  It's mine.  I'm saying you can't come.
The fuck I'm not.  I don't care what the doctor says --
You're not gonna be there.
Okay, good.  I think I should be the one to tell 'em, cause they trust me more than --
Tuesday at seven, at the Hinkley firehouse.
When?  Where?
<u>I know</u>.  We're having a meeting, it's all set up --
Fuck legal terms.  We're talking about human beings here.  Sick people.  A whole bunch of them are gonna be dead in ten years.  They need their money now!  We gotta get 'em to agree to the arbitration, Ed.  We gotta get every damn one of those plaintiffs to --
Hey, that's not so bad.  Compare it to the Love Canal -- that was twenty years ago, and those people still haven't seen a dime.  So in legal terms, ten years is --
I'm sorry, are you saying that if this thing goes to trial, it'll be <u>ten years</u> before these plaintiffs see their money?
Five years, maybe, for a trial.  Double that for the appeal.
Wait, what do you mean, ten years?
Because.  They know the evidence; they know they're gonna lose a jury trial.  Maybe they wouldn't lose 400 million bucks, but once you factor in all they'd spend on this case in the next ten years, it makes a lot of --
So why would PG&E offer it?
With nothing linking it to the corporate offices yet, I'd say we'll end up on the lower end of that.  Still a lot of money.
And if you had to guess ...
Uh-huh.
Between 50 and 400 million, definitely?
I know.  I'm sorry.  Do I get to hear what happened anyway?
I'm not gonna fire you.  I wanted to.  But then you got sick, and that woulda made me look like a shit.  You embarrassed me, Erin.
If you're here to fire me, your timing's lousy.
Perks?  Jesus -- <u>perks</u>?
Don't give me that.  You've gotten plenty. You've been well-paid; you've gotten lots of perks ...
Bullshit.  You stuck me in Siberia dictating to some God damn steno clerk so you could finish this thing without me.  After all I've done for you, that's the thanks I get.
No one's taking anything --
How dare you take that away from me.
<u>Not personal</u>?  That's my <u>work</u> in there, Ed. My sweat, my labor, my time.  If that's not personal, I don't know what is.
Okay, now you're making this personal, and it isn't --
"Fun?"  Jesus, "<u>fun</u>?"  I kill myself for a year and a half, hand you the best case of your life on a God damn silver platter, remind you of why you became a lawyer in the first place, and you think of me as "fun?"
You're emotional.  You're erratic.  You say any God damn thing that comes into your head.  And I'm not saying that's bad.  That can be great; that can be a lot of fun --
And, what, I'm not serious?
Look, this is serious now.  They're talking serious money --
Kurt thought?  What about you?  Do you think anymore?
Okay, look.  It's an important meeting. Kurt thought, if it was just lawyers --
Bullshit.  You'd drag me off my deathbed if it suited you.
Look, you said you weren't feeling great.  I thought you should rest.
People don't fly down in their own god damn plane for "just a meeting" --
Erin, it's just a meeting.
If you tell me to relax, I'm gonna kick your fucking head off --
Gee, I wonder why.
Not in my world.
Because <u>that's how people treat each other</u>!
Why the fuck should I respect her?
Bullshit.  It was a misunderstanding.  But instead of handling it politely, instead of treating her with respect --
She insulted me!
He's got a reputation for doing all his --
Why good?
Reasons PG&E thinks it shouldn't go to --
Counts?
It's PG&E saying to the judge that we don't have a case.  Their lawyers go --
What's a demur?
Don't joke.  They might.  So do me a favor and behave yourself for once.  Ed Masry to see Kurt Potter.
Holy shit.  Who do they represent, God?
It's eight million dollars, Erin.  Eight million dollars.
Plus, 40 percent of 20 million's a whole lot of money.
Maybe.  but maybe not.  We still don't have anything linking this to PG&E corporate. Plus, there's the statute problem.  Plus, we're way short on manpower, so we'd need to bring on more lawyers ...
Do you think we'd do better by going to trial?
And it's less than pocket change for PG&E.
... but it won't cover Annabelle Daniels's medical bills.
I'm thinking ... I wish someone else had to make this decision.  50 thousand bucks is more than any other California toxic plaintiff has gotten. Ever.  But ...
So what are you thinking?
It's about 50 thousand per plaintiff.
Whoa.  No shit.
Things like the head counsel for PG&E calling me with an offer.  20 million, plus attorney's fees.  Take it or leave it.
What kind of things come up?
You might want to think real hard about the amount, too.  My kids are sitting in the God damn parking lot right now, cause I still don't make enough to afford good child care. Makes me think about looking around for a job where I'm appreciated, for shit's sake.
I'll see what I can do.
I want my paycheck.  By the end of the day.
Is that what you want?
Fuck you.  Make time.  Cause I bust my ass for you.  I watch everything else in my life go straight in the toilet, for you.  And what do you do for me?  Huh?  You see the way I'm treated around here -- but have you ever stood up for me once?  Have you ever mentioned to everyone what good work I'm doing?  Have you ever bothered saying, hey, Erin doesn't get paid the most cause she has the best tits; she gets paid the most cause she's the best God damn employee I've ever had?
Erin, you're a big girl.  If you got a problem with Jane, work it out for yourself. I don't have time to deal with --
It's my paycheck.  Which I earned.  Which I deserve.  Which I shouldn't have to beg for. That fat-ass bitch won't give it to me.
Oh, Jesus.  You wanna tell me what the problem is here, or --
Yeah, I mind.  You bet your ass I mind.
I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for just one second here --  Do you mind?
I want my fucking money --
Yeah.  Yeah, I'm ... fine.
I was just asking.  Are you all right?
No, Ed -- what with me running for my life, I didn't have time to check those things --
He's gone.  Did you get a license plate?  Or a make?
I don't know.  Big.  Dark.
What kind of truck?
Some guy in a truck -- he waited till I was alone, then he followed me, like, two miles. Jesus, I'm shaking.  Get me a beer.
What?  Who?
Someone's following me.
Boy, this job takes me to some of the best damn places, huh?
He said he'd be at the gas station at six.
D'you get his name?  Course not.  Jesus, Ed --
Hey.  A new plaintiff called, wants to meet you.  I told him we'd be out there Thursday.
They're trying to intimidate us.  Tell them to wait in the conference room.
Jesus.  They look like the Secret Service.
Yeah, I heard that one before.
From their tone of voice on the phone, I'd say they're taking us more seriously.
If they've sent that little shmuck Baum again, I'm gonna be real pissed off.
Well, good, Ed.  I like working with you too.
Hey.  I like working with you.
I would now.
You didn't care about my case?
Me too.  That's why I like it.  It's been a long time since I had a case I cared about.
Really?  It makes me sick.
I like this case.
Jesus Christ, Ed -- you know, the more I work on this thing, the more I realize what a crock of shit this legal system is.  Here we got a company that poisoned a whole aquifer -- that built a pool for a town, then filled it with toxic water -- and <u>we're</u> the ones who've gotta bust our ass proving things?  That's just not right.
Then they didn't know.  And if they didn't know, we can't hit 'em for punitive damages. And punitive damages is where the money is.
Show me the document that proves that.
Oh, they knew.  They had to know.
PG&E corporate is claiming they had no way of knowing what was going on in Hinkley.
What do you mean?
We've got the PG&E fuckers in Hinkley by the balls.  But nobody's getting rich unless we can pin this on the corporate PG&E fuckers in San Francisco.
Don't give me that.  You're gonna get plenty rich off of this, Mr. 40 percent.  We got those PG&E fuckers by the balls here.
Hey, I got a staff to pay, plus rent, plus I haven't billed a minute of my time since I started on this case, so you can quit hitting me up like I'm rich or something.
Yeah?  Then gimme another raise.
Erin -- lemme tell you something.  If I'da put three researchers on this, I wouldn't expect them to dig up all the information you got here.  This is some damn good work.
No --
No shit.
For your information, Frank cares what was in those ponds 'cause he used to spend half his day wading around them.  That was his job.
Jesus.  I don't even wanna ask what you did to make this Melendez guy talk.
I guess it was a little too inconvenient. So for fourteen years, this stuff flowed into the groundwater, free as you please.
They skipped that step.
See, according to this, they were supposed to line the ponds so this shit couldn't seep into the ground.  But guess what --
It didn't help, but no.  The real problem's on the bottom.
And that's what caused the contamination?
They covered 'em over.  And not too carefully either, cause you dig one inch under the surface, and the dirt is green as a fucking shamrock.
I don't remember seeing any ponds up there.
They used the hex chrom here, in these cooling tanks, as an anti-corrosive.  Then they dumped it here, in these six ponds.
<u>No</u>.
You wanna talk about --
She lived on the plume.  You never know.
Is that what I think it is?
Another raise wouldn't hurt.  And with all the time I'm gonna be spending on the road, I'll probably be needing my own cel phone, won't I?
What now?
Yeah, yeah.  Remind me of that when I'm filing for bankruptcy.
You're doing the right thing, Mr. Masry.
Kinda like David and what's-his-name's whole fucking family.  Okay, here's the deal -- if, and only if, you find me the evidence to back all this up -- I'll do it.  I'll take it on.
Kinda like David and what's-his-name?
This is a whole different ball game, Erin. A much bigger deal.
Well -- I found one document at the water board that had a toxic test well reading from 1967.  A hell of a lot of people have lived on that land since then.
You think there's more?
Four more.  Eleven people.  So far.
How many families we talking about here?
Okay, fine.  I don't know shit about shit. But I know the difference --
Oh, you do?  With all your legal expertise, you believe that?
We can get these people.  With a little effort, I really think we can nail their asses to the wall.
I know how DNA works, Erin --
And this shit is bad news, Mr. Masry.  Not only does it attack every organ of the body, it fucks with your DNA, too.  That means these people's genes, and the genes of their kids, and the genes of their grandkids --
-- who happens to know they poisoned people and lied about it.
-- It's about being realistic.  Something like this, Erin -- it could take forever. They're a huge corporation.  They'd completely bury us in paperwork.  I'm just one guy with a shitty little P.I. firm.
Bullshit.
It's not about working hard --
Okay, so here's what I'll do.  I'll go on up to Ted and Rita Daniels -- two of the nicest people you'd ever hope to meet, who spend every single day watching their little girl fight like a dog against this cancer -- I'll tell them we can't help them cause you don't feel like working that hard.
Because I said no.  Look -- the only reason PG&E's even talking to us is cause this is a quiet little real estate dispute.  We add plaintiffs, and suddenly we're in the middle of a toxic tort -- with a statute problem -- against a massive utility.  No, thank you.
That's crazy -- why not?
Hunh-uh.  Absolutely not.
And I realized, he's taking a chance too.
Then I don't get anything either.
Erin --
I'm the one who's injured, and this joker who sits at a desk all day is gonna walk away with almost half my reward?
Erin --
Boy, do I know how you feel.  First time I heard that number, I said you got to be kidding me.  Forty God damn percent?
Yeah.  Isn't that a shame?
Mr. Masry, Mario gets lost going to the bathroom.  They'll be driving around the valley for hours.
What, you think I'm made of money?
And you can't?
Because they can.  You heard that kid -- they have 28 billion dollars at their disposal.  They can afford to waste all the time in the world.
I don't get why they'd do that.
That wasn't an offer.  A million would've been an offer.  When they send the God damn mail clerk down to jerk me off, waste my time, it's a fuck you.
At least they made an offer.
It sure as hell sounded like they were sitting up and taking notice.
So you think we got 'em scared?
I'm telling you, the minute Brenda sent the fax -- I'm talking the second she pressed that send button -- PG&E claims department is on the phone to me, scheduling a meeting.
Find out.
So far.  But that place is a pig sty.  I wouldn't be surprised if there's more.
This is the only thing you found?
A ten percent raise and benefits.  But that's it.  I'm drawing the line.
Ten.  There's a lot of other places I could work.
Okay.  A 5% raise, and --
Look, Erin, this is not the way I do business, this extortion nonsense.
I want a raise.  And benefits.  Including dental.
Lemme see it, will you?
Course I did.
That document you found, the one that says it was the bad chromium -- you didn't happen to make a copy did you?
Boy, you musta really fine-tooth-combed it then, huh?  And <u>you</u> fired <u>me</u>.  Jesus.
I didn't see any medical records in there.
The ones in the box of files.  The box of files?  The one from your office?
What medical records?
It doesn't take a genius to look at those medical records and think something's wrong.
So what made you think it was?
They told her something, but it can't have been too specific, cause I talked to her, and she sure didn't think her water was bad.
But, PG&E told her about the chromium?
You wanna know, you gotta hire me back.  I got a lot of bills to pay.
So what's the story on this thing?  This cancer stuff?
Boy, are you ever a shitty judge of people.
I don't know.  Maybe cause you look like someone who has a lot of fun.
Now, why in the hell would you assume that?
Look, I'm sorry.  You were gone.  I just assumed you were off having fun.
Well, that was nice of him.  Isn't it funny how some people go out of their way to help people and others just give 'em the ax?
He wanted you to know the legal limit for hexavalent chromium, is .05 parts per million.  And that at the rate you mentioned, .58, it could be responsible for the cancers in that family you asked about. The Irvings.
Oh, yeah?
I got an interesting call this afternoon. It was from a Dr. Frankel.
What are you doing here?
Bullshit.  You're trying to feel less guilty about firing someone with three kids to feed.  Fuck if I'll help you do that.
Come on, I'm trying to help here.
Don't bother.
Okay, enough --  Now, look, Erin -- this incident aside, I don't think this is the right place for you. So what I'm gonna do is make a few calls on your behalf.  Find you something else, okay?
That's not how we work here.  You don't just leave a message and take off.
I left a message.  I've been dealing with that real estate thing.  I was gonna write up a whole damn report and --
Erin, you've been gone for a week.
I guess I'm not the right kind.
How come you're not at lunch with the girls? You're a girl.
Excuse me?
You're a girl.
Good.
Yeah.  I got it.  No problem.
You do know how to do that, don't you?
Oh.  Huh.  Well, look, I got this file I need valued. Real estate thing.  A lady has some property next to a PG&E plant that PG&E wants to buy. I need to know what to ask for it.
Out to lunch with the girls.
Where's Anna?
Give her a cold washcloth to suck on --  I gotta go -- there's a clean one in that bag -- I'll check back in a bit.  Sorry.  My kid --
Bullshit, you don't.
I don't wanna take your money, Mr. Masry.
All I have is hundreds.
Oh.  Okay.  That's okay.
Jane's the office manager.  She handles payroll and petty cash.  But she leaves early on Fridays.
I was wondering -- could you tell me who I'd talk to about maybe getting an advance on my paycheck?  Just -- for the weekend.
Yeah?
I'm <u>not</u> everyone else, Mr. Masry.  I'm someone you made promises to that you didn't deliver on.  I trusted you.  With my kids' well-being.  Now, I'm smart, and I'm hard- working, and I'll do anything.  But if you think I'm leaving here without a job, you got another thing coming.
Okay, look.  If you really want to apply for a job here, you can do it the way everyone else does.  Send in a rsum, make an --
I don't need pity.  I need a paycheck.  And I've looked, but when you've spent the last six years raising babies, it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn.  So I figure, since you're the one who said I was gonna be okay, you should be the one to hire me.
I'm sorry about that.  Really.  But --
You said things would be fine, and they're not.
I never lied.  I may have miscalculated -- that happens sometimes, but --
There's two things I can't stand, Mr. Masry. Being ignored, and being lied to.  You did both.
You did?  Wow, sorry about that.  Listen, Mario's a little not so bright.  He seems to think that you said --
You never called me back.  I left messages.
Yeah?  Well, fuck you.  Sorry doesn't feed my kids.
I'm sorry, Erin.
<u>Settle down</u>?  I got 74 bucks to my name, Mr. Masry!  I can't <u>afford</u> to settle down!
Okay -- let's try and settle down here.
Bullshit.  You told me I'd get half a million dollars.  You told me I'd be set.
I told you the questions might get a little personal --
Oh, please, it was long over by then.  God damn, he made me look like some cheap --
If you hadn't used profanity --
Open and shut?  <u>Open and fucking shut</u>?
Yeah.  I know.
... just wanna be a good mom, a nice person, a decent citizen.  Just wanna take good care of my kids.  You know?
... Matthew's six, Katie's four, and Beth's just nine months.
... couldn't take painkillers cause they made me too groggy to take care of my kids.
They took some bone from my hip and put it in my neck.  I didn't have insurance, so I'm about seventeen thousand in debt right now.
I think we should makes some changes.
Right.
I've also been thinking about the team. Responsibilities, who should cover what --
Good.
Corey.
Who's the judge?
Sixty-nine.  We've got good answers to all of 'em.
How many counts?
Yesterday.
When'd they file the demur?
At the time, I thought, I got six kids, some of 'em want to go to college.  I can't afford to lose my job.  I told myself I was being honorable.  But there's nothing honorable in what I did.  Maybe that's why they picked me for the job. Maybe they knew what kind of man I was.
How come you didn't say anything when you found these things?
Well.  There were a few documents that I somehow didn't get around to shredding.  That I kept instead.
What do you mean?
Course as it turns out, I'm not a very good employee.
That's right.
And you were told to destroy those?
There was a lot of dull stuff -- vacation schedules, the like.  But then there were a few memos about the holding ponds.  The water in them.  They had readings from test wells, stuff like that.
And ...?
Well, it's pretty boring work, shredding -- you gotta find some way to entertain your mind.  So yeah, I took a look.
Did you get a look at the stuff you destroyed?
Nope.  And I didn't ask.
Did he say why?
I was working in the compressor, and out of nowhere the supervisor calls me up to the office and says, we're gonna give you a shredder machine, and send you on down to the warehouse.  We want you to get rid of all the documents stored out there.
The fuck you don't.  No one calls me Pattee. That heavy-breathing sicko that called the other night could've only found out about me from you.  People are dying, Ross.  You got document after document here, right under your nose, that says why, and you haven't said word one about it.  I wanna know how the hell you sleep at night.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Hey, Ross.  Tell me something.  Does PG&E pay you to cover their ass, or do you just do it out of the kindness of your heart?
Ross -- you are an absolute angel.
You know what, Erin?  I got nothing but time here.  Why don't you let me do that for you, and you can get your kids some dinner.
Not anymore.
You're married.
Nope.  Maiden.
Pattee?  That your middle name?
Heck, yeah.  Come on back.  Just gonna need you to sign in here --
I wish I knew.  It's for my boss.  He's fighting his water bill, and he wants me to find all manner of bills from all kinds of places.  The easiest thing would probably be if I just squeezed back there with you and poked around myself.  Would that be okay?
You just tell me what you want to look at and I'll be glad to dig 'em out for you.
I guess I did.
You come to the right place.
Well, believe it or not, I am on the prowl for some water records.
Erin.  Cool.  What can I do for you, Erin?
Ross.  Real pleased to meet you.  I'm Erin.
Ross.
Thank you very much.  Aren't you a gentleman?  Mr. ...
Oh, hey -- lemme give you a hand there.
Good luck.  Oh -- I wouldn't advertise what you're looking for if I were you ...
County water board.  All righty, thanks.
Every county has one.  They keep records of anything water-related within their jurisdiction.  You should be able to find something there.
Hunh-uh.  What's that?
Have you been to the water board?
Well, how do I find out what kind of chromium is up in Hinkley?
Oh, yeah.  Definitely.  Highly toxic, highly carcinogenic.  Bad, bad stuff.
So that stuff -- it kills people.
With repeated exposure to toxic levels -- God, anything, really -- respiratory disease, liver failure, heart failure, reproductive failure, chronic headaches, bone or organ deterioration -- plus, of course, any type of cancer.
Harmful, like -- how?  What would you get?
Yes.  There's straight-up chromium -- does all kinds of good things for the body. There's chrom 3, which is fairly benign, and then there's chrom 6, hexavalent chromium, which, depending on the amounts, can be very harmful.
There's more than one kind?
What kind of chromium is it?
George!
I don't know.
What are you <u>doing</u>?  Where's George?
That's not true; we had dinner together just last night.
It happens all the time.
Look, I know you're mad.  But the way this job is, things come up at the last minute, real important things, and I gotta deal with them.  Now I don't like me missing dinner any more than you do, but we're all gonna have to get used to it, cause the fact is, it's gonna happen sometimes.
Some kind of half-wit, no-good, big-haired, bimbo, I bet.
Yeah.  A real moron.
I'm gonna hate it.
Oh, come on, where's your sense of adventure?  We're going someplace you never been before.
I hate it too.  I hate this trip.
Sweetheart, you can get a whole big bunch.
Mommy, can I get a flower?
How come you're not eating?
Put your napkins in your laps and eat up.
Yeah, I'm gonna start sleeping here.  Masry & Vititoe, can I -- damn it.  Does anyone know anything about these phones?
Hey, Ros.  Nice view, huh?
In the conference --
Hey, Ros, where are they?
Yup.  They must be important, too, cause they came on a special plane.
PG& -- Are you sure?
Some meeting.  With PG&E people.
What's going on in there?
So did I.
Hey, Erin, I thought you were taking a sick day.
Hey, just so long as you see Him.
I'm a slow reader, on account of the fact that I look at the word "dog" and see "god".
You've been reading for hours.
Hi, Rosalind, this is Erin.  Brockovich. From the file room?  I was wondering if you could tell Mr. Masry that I'm following up on that real estate thing out of the office.
Masry & Vititoe, can I help you?
Cause her own mom's real sick, too.
How come her own mom isn't helping her?
Yeah.  She is.  But you know what?  That's why I'm helping her.  So she can get some medicine to make her feel better.
She's one of the sick people?
Oh, God, sweetheart, no.  There's nothing on Earth I love more than you.  Nothing.  I promise.
You never fall short for the work people.  I guess maybe you just love them more.
I never forget, honey.  I try, real hard. It's just, for some reason, I don't seem to be able to organize things right and -- when it comes to you guys, I end up falling short.
You always say that.  Then you go to work and forget you promised.
We'll work out the roller hockey thing, okay?  Whatever you want, we'll work it out. I promise.
I'm gonna go live with George.
God damn it, Matthew.  What the hell are you doing out here?
Well, God damn it, Matthew -- Randy's mom doesn't work eighteen-hour days, and Randy's dad didn't leave her, so figuring out who's gonna take who where is a little easier over at Randy's house.
Randy's mom said yes right away.
When?
We'll see.
Can I play roller hockey?
Thank God we got you away from her, huh?
Yeah.
Well I hate it.
There's no way a son of mine hates Funky Town.  It's impossible.
That's all you got, lady.  Two wrong feet. In fucking ugly shoes.
Okay, look -- I think we got off on the wrong foot here --
Annabelle Daniels.  714-454-9346.
Annabelle Daniels.
You don't know six hundreds plaintiffs' numbers by heart.
I said, <u>whose number do you need</u>?
Everyone's.  This is a lawsuit.  We need to be able to contact the plaintiffs.
Whose number do you need?
Erin.  You don't even have phone numbers for some of them.
Don't talk to me like I'm an idiot, okay?  I may not have a law degree, but I've spent 18 months on this case, and I know more about those plaintiffs than you ever will.
No offense.  There are just some things we need that you probably didn't know to ask.
Excuse me -- Theresa, was it?  There are no holes in my research.
Yeah, we had them couriered over.  And listen, good work.  They're a great start. We're just going to have to spend a little time filling in the holes in your research.
Hey -- those are my files --
I will.  Bye.
Promise you'll turn around if you get tired.
We'll just be a minute.  Get a little more sleep.
No, I need my car --
Real early.  We're just gonna take your car to get some breakfast.
What time is it?
Yeah, but I'm gonna get better.  A lot of these folks aren't.
You shouldn't be driving around, you know. You're sick.
You know me.  I pick things up real fast.
Think you could learn?
Yeah, well -- good help is hard to find.
And I miss you.
I don't know.  Few days.  Thanks for helping me.  I appreciate it.
How long's this whole thing gonna take?
Hunh-uh.  Not yet.  Look, don't take any of 'em on your bike, okay?  Call a cab if you wanna go somewhere.
They up?
It's not for me; it's for my kids.  You're the only one I trust them with.
I don't do favors for you anymore.
Hi.  It's me.  I got a favor to ask you.
Hello?
Mm-hm.
Thank you.
Fine.  I'll drop 'em off tomorrow afternoon.
They said that'd be tomorrow.  They just wanna keep an eye on me another night.
I pretty much knew what your answer was gonna be.
You already packed up your stuff?
I need it.
More than you need me.
I can't.  Look -- this job -- it's the best thing that ever happened to me.  I mean it. For the first time in my life, I got people respecting me.  Up in Hinkley, I walk into a room and everyone shuts up just to hear what I got to say.  I never had that.  Ever. Don't ask me to give it up.  I need it.
Yeah, you can.  You could just quit.  People do it all the time.
I can't leave my job, George.
I know.  But still.  Six months.  I think you oughta either find a different job or a different boyfriend.  Cause there may be men who don't mind being the maid and getting nothing in return, but I'm sure as shit not one of 'em.
I'm sorry.  I'm just working so hard --
It's a pair of earrings.  I saw 'em in the mall one day, and I thought, damn, those would look good on those beautiful earlobes. So I bought 'em.  And I said to myself, next time Erin says something nice, does something nice, I'll surprise her with 'em.  Know how long ago that was?  Six months.  In six months, you haven't said one nice thing to me.  That's a long time.
What's that?
About this.
About what?
Thinking.
What's going on?  What are you doing?
Bull<u>shit</u>, Erin.  Bullshit.
That is not what I'm --
Fuck you.  Just cause I don't spend all day trying to prove what hot shit I am --
What do you want to talk about instead? <u>Your</u> day?  That's a fascinating subject.
It wouldn't kill you to talk about something other than yourself and your own fucking job once in a while --
No, I wanna say hi.
Lock the door.
That's Ed.
Cause it's my office party.  If you had an office, I'd go to your party.
I'm just saying -- we have one night to ourselves, why do we have to spend it here?
Just a few more minutes, then we can go.  Take her, will you?
I'm bored, and so are the kids.
Yeah.  We were sitting around at lunch and she pointed at a ball and said, "ball."
What?  Beth?  My Beth?
Well, come to think of it, we did have a big event around here.  Beth started talking.
No, no jokes, I gotta pee.  Just tell me about your day.  What went on back there?
What do you want, a joke?
I'm so tired I'm about to drive off the road.  Keep me awake, willya?
I know what they can sleep through, Erin.  I probably know it better than you.
Keep your voice down.
Cause I can get a job.  I will.  And you can start leaving the kids with the chicken fat lady again.  Would that make you happy?
I didn't say that.
If you got a problem with me taking care of your kids instead of getting some job, just say so.
Nothing.
You mind telling me what that's supposed to mean?
How would you know?
It doesn't have to be this complicated, Erin.  There's a lot of jobs out there.
No, see -- that's exactly what those arrogant PG&E fucks want me to think -- that because they got all this money and power, we don't stand a chance in hell against them.  But you know what?  They're wrong.
Look, don't take this the wrong way, but don't you think you might be out of your league here?
I'm not in danger.  I have a dead bolt. Remember?
Come on, Erin.  A job's supposed to pay your bills, not put you in danger.
I'm not gonna quit cause of one creepy phone call, George.
I know what you're saying, and I don't wanna hear it.  I am doing the best I can.
I'm just saying --
Well, hell, I guess that's it, then, huh? They're scarred for life.  They're gonna start holding up 7-11's any day now.
One toy per kid is doing something nice. Four is ... something else.
George, I am just trying to do something nice for my kids on my one day off.  Could you please not give me a hard time about it?
You're someone to me.  You're someone real special to me.
No I'm not.  Look at me.  I'm not.
You are someone.
Well, I'm sure as hell not what I thought I was gonna be.  I was supposed to have one of those great lives, with everything all laid- out and perfect.  I mean, hell -- I was Miss Wichita, for God's sakes.  Did I tell you that?  You live next door to a real live beauty queen.  I still got the tiara.  I kept it cause I thought it meant something.  I thought it meant I was gonna do something great with my life.  I thought it proved I was gonna grow up to be someone.
You're not nothing, Erin.
Doesn't matter.  Doesn't make one bit of difference.  Oh God, George, how'd this happen to me? How'd I end up so ... so <u>nothing</u>?
What?  But you been working so hard --
I <u>can't</u> call an exterminator.  I can't afford one.  God, I can't even afford my <u>phone</u>.  I got fired.
It's a simple thing.  Everybody gets them. All we gotta do is call an exterminator.
What kind of person lives like this?  Huh? What kind of person lets her kids run around in a house crawling with bugs the size of housecats?
I'm gonna clean it up.
Great.
Fixing a leak under your sink.
What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
You think it could make you sick, living in a place like this?
I guess we get what we pay for, huh?
Thanks for reminding me.
I'm gonna put a dead bolt on your front door, too.  This isn't exactly the safest neighborhood in the world, you know.
Better safe than sorry.
What're you doing?
Yeah, we'll just see about that, won't we?
This isn't gonna get you laid, you know.
Yup.  Usually working on my bike.  No big deal.  If it doesn't work out, you can send 'em back to the chicken fat lady.
You're around every afternoon?
Right.
Cause I like kids.  I like hanging out with them.
Why in the hell would you want to watch my kids?
Then lemme remind you, the polite thing is to say, thank you, that's a real nice offer, I don't mind taking you up on it.
It's been a while.  Maybe I'm just out of practice.
Are you this hard on everyone who tries to help you?
I hope that's not supposed to impress me.
I do construction, which pays real good. And I make it last by living cheap.
Yeah?  And what do you do the rest of the time, live off your trust fund?
I'm not a deadbeat.  I work when I need to.
Great.  Another deadbeat.
I was serious before, you know.  If you need someone to keep an eye on them -- after school or something -- I don't have a job now, so I'm around in the afternoons.
I'm never here.  I gotta leave 'em with this weird sitter all afternoon who costs a fortune and smells like chicken fat.
How?
Yeah.  I'm probably ruining them.
Yeah, and whose fault is that?
Cause I don't even know you.
Why not?
I'm not gonna leave my kids with you.
You need help with your kids?  I could probably do that.
I had a good neighbor, George.  She was 60 and Mexican and she watched my kids for free.  Something tells me you're not gonna be able to measure up to that.
Return 'em.  Maybe you'll get your money back.
C'mon.  I bought 'em for you, to make up for that night.
No.
Yeah.  Sexy, huh?  And here's another: five. That's how old my other daughter is.  Seven is my son's age.  Two is how many times I been married and divorced.  You getting all this?  16 is the number of dollars in my bank account.  454-3943 is my phone number. And with all the other numbers I gave you, I'm guessing zero is the number of times you're gonna call it.
You got a little girl?
Sure.  That's one of my numbers.  It's how many months old my little girl is.
Ten?
Shit, yeah.  I got numbers coming out of my ears.  Like, for instance, ten.
You got more than one?
Which number do you want, George?
I do.
You want my number?
Now, don't be like that.  Tell you what. How about if I take you out on a date to apologize for my rudeness?
Just think of me as the person next door who likes it quiet, and we'll get along fine.
Ooh, now, see, if I'da known there was a beautiful woman next door, I'da done this different.  Let's start over.  My name's George.  What's yours?
Well, I'm the neighbors.  There, now we're introduced, so you can shut the fuck up.
Just introducing myself to the neighbors.
What the hell do you think you're doing, making all that Goddamn noise?
Well, hello to you, darlin'.
A lot.  But you hang in there, maybe you'll get one.
I thought if I could spend that kinda money on a car, it'd mean everything else was fine.  I don't even know how much they cost.
Jaguar's a darn pretty car.
Know what I always thought I wanted outta life, Erin?  A Jaguar.
I'm real sorry, Laura.
It's just -- the pain.  It's only getting worse.  I can't be a good wife.  I can't be a good mother.
That's okay.  I understand.
I'm embarrassed.
You're clever.  I'm sure you'll think of something.
Now how'm I supposed to do that when I'm not in here most mornings and nights?
I moved payroll onto the computer.  It only knows to process paychecks for employees who log on in the morning and off at night.
What?
Have you been logging on?
Where's my paycheck?
<u>Excuse me</u>?
I am not talking to you, bitch.
Yes.  It's called accountability.
What am I supposed to do, check in every two seconds?
There may be jobs where you can disappear for days at a time, but this isn't one of them.  Here, if you don't do the work, you don't get to stay.
What's going on?
-- toothbrush, toothpaste, and a pair of hose.  Here.
I had photos of my kids, plus a mug --
Nice to see you, Erin.  We've missed you.
Someone stole my stuff.
What do I look like, Erin?  A library?
I mean, it's not a problem or anything, but -- I'm just a little unclear on what those things are.  I thought maybe you'd know.
Well, this old neighbor of mine, Bob Linwood -- he ran the dairy on Community -- seemed like someone in his family always had a rash somewhere or other.  I just figured it was something in the genes.  And you know how it is -- you don't like to ask about things like that ...
Uh-huh?
You know that thing it says in here about rashes?
I'm surprised Donna didn't say anything.
I know.  It's an awful lot.
What?
There's something else, too.
It sure could, yeah.  Thanks a lot.
When Donna told us about you, and what you told her about the chromium, we figured that might have something to do with this, too.
Yeah.  Who are you?
Excuse me, are you Erin Brockovich?
I know.  But it's good for me.  Now I can help my daughter take care of my grandkids. And it's good for you, too.  Now you have money, you can find a good babysitter, huh? Not the old lady next door.
Wow, that's soon --
Next week.
You're moving away?  When?
My daughter, she's bought a big house with a room for me.  I'm going to move in with her.
What?
Ai, bueno.  Because I didn't want to tell you before, with your worries --
It'll be fine, yeah.
Outside with the sprinkler.  So it's good?
Hi, sweetie.  Were you a good girl?  Where are Matt and Katie?
Don't go telling anyone.  It'll ruin my reputation.
I gotta say, Erin -- first time I saw you, I did not peg you as the kind to go off and conduct her own epidemiological study.
Well, if you're talking about contamination, you're getting out of my area of expertise. Let me give you the name of a toxicologist friend of mine over at USC.
Uh-huh.  Spent the last few days knocking on doors.  And you know what?  They're not.  I mean, they got problems, but none of this cancer stuff.  And their pets are fine.  So I don't know -- I just can't shake the feeling that it wasn't no multivitamin they put in the water.
You did?
... and when I realized our area's just as bad as Hinkley, I thought maybe my neighbors are all sick too.  So I went and asked.
Well, from what this stuff says, I'd say they both have some form of cancer.
Their parents, I'm pretty sure.
They've both got some immune system problem. Can't say what from, whether it's viral or genetic or what, but something's wrong.  And these guys -- Donna and Peter --
Right, I guess those are the kids --
Well, look, there isn't a ton of information here, but from what there is, I'd say that these two people here -- what are their names?  Shanna and Ashley?
Of course!  Oh, gosh, of course --
No one put me up to anything.  I was just hoping I could ask you a couple questions.
Oh.  Oh.
He did, didn't he?  <u>Baxter</u>!
Who's Baxter?
Is this a joke?  Did Baxter put you up to this?
Hi, I'm Erin Brockovich.  I was just over in the library there, asking a mess of questions about -- I guess they call it epidemiology? -- and the fella there told me to find you, cause you know all about it.
Yes?
Dr. Paulsen?
And code the signal to my private chamber.
Yes, My Lord.
Move this ship out of the asteroid field and into a position where we can send a clear transmission.
Yes, he commands you make contact with him ....
The Emperor?
It was .... the Emperor ....
Yes, My Lord.  We'll find them.
Alert all commands.  Calculate every possible destination along their last known trajectory and disburse the fleet to search for them.  Don't fail me again, Admiral, I've had quite enough!
Lord Vader, our ships have completed their scan of the area and found nothing.  The Millennium Falcon definitely went into lightspeed. It's probably on the other side of the galaxy by now.
Yes, Admiral .... soon.
Soon, Lord Vader.
Asteroids don't concern me, Admiral. I want that ship, not excuses.  How long until you can have Skywalker and the others in the Millennium Falcon before me?
Our pursuit ships have sighted the Millennium Falcon, My Lord.  It has entered an asteroid field.
Come in, Admiral.
My lord.
No ... there is another.
The boy is our last hope.
Told you, I did.  Reckless is he ... Now things are going to worse.
Strong is Vader.  Clouded is your fate.  Mind what you have learned ... Notice everything, everything!  It can save you.
Luke, use The Force only for knowledge and for defense, not as a weapon.  Don't give in to hate or anger or fear ... they lead the way to the dark side ... Luke nods and climbs back into his ship.
You are the last Jedi, Luke.  You are our only hope.  Be patient.
Stopped they must be.  Do you hear?  On this all depends.
We've come this far ... He is our only hope.
Will he finish what he begins?
He's too old.  Yes.  Too old to start the training.
He'll learn.
This one I have watched a long time.  All his life has he looked away ... to the horizon, to the sky, to the future.  Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.  Adventure, excitement ...  A Jedi craves not these things!
He can do it.
We've discussed this before.
Much anger in him, like in his father.
He will learn patience.
Only a fully trained Jedi Knight, with The Force as his ally, will conquer Vader and his Emperor. If you end your training now, if you choose the quick and easy path ... as Vader did ... you will become an agent of evil ... and the galaxy will be plunged deeper into the abyss of hate, despair and pain that you feel your friends suffering now.
You won't.
Luke, I will not lose you to the Emperor, as I lost Vader.
And that is why I must go.
Will you?  You underestimate The Emperor.  It is you he wants ... that is why your friends suffer.
But you cannot control it.  This is a dangerous time for you, Luke. You are now most susceptible to the temptations of the dark side.
I feel The Force.
You're not ready yet.  You still have much to learn.
I can help them!
You don't know that.  Even I cannot see their fate.
But Han and Leia will surely die.
... Luke, you must not go.
Luke ... you are the only hope.
Ben ... Ben ...
You must go to the Dagobah System ... There you will learn from one who taught me:  Yoda, the Jedi Master.
I'm cold ... so cold ...
You must survive, Luke.
You must.  Luke, look at me!
I can't ...
We're not out of this yet.
Howls.
Okay, okay.
Turns on Lando, the newcomer, with an ominous growl.
Barks an argument and shakes his head.
Three patrol ships are heading our way.
What's wrong with him?
Barks a blue streak.
Everyone's invited, of course.
Barks at the mention of food. Licks his lips.
Right.
Growls a reserved greeting.
How you doing, Chewbacca?  Still wasting your time with this clown, eh?
I'm sure I'll see you again, too. Keep well.  You'd better chain him until it's over.
Barks a doleful farewell.
No, I'm alright.  I'm alright.
Barks his concern.
Not now, Chewie.  Lando, aren't you afraid the Empire might discover this little operation and shut you down?
Barks at Han.
Why don't we just turn him over to Lando to fix?
Howls and shrugs his shoulders.
That was a long time ago.  I'm sure he's forgotten all about it, and so should you.
Barks and growls at his boss.
Well, it's been awhile.
Barks his agreement.
Okay, Chewie, it's now or never.
Chewie, head for the bottom of the city.
Barks his consternation.
Howls.
... the power?
Barks his right on!
I don't care.  It would've been worth it .... for Han.
Barks his agreement.
We should have stayed and finished them off.
What happened?
Barks at his master.
How could you know my father? You don't even know who I am.  Can't we get on with this already?
Oh, your father ... a powerful Jedi was he, powerful Jedi.
Because of my father, I guess.
Not far, not far.  Be patient. Soon you will see him.  Why wish you become a Jedi?
Will it take long to get there? How far away is he?
It's the Jedi's time to eat, too.
Look, it smells good.  I'm sure it's delicious   But I don't know why we can't see Yoda now.
Patience.  It's time to eat.
... I told you, I'm not hungry.
Of course, yes.  But now eat we must.  Good food, I have good food.  Come, come.
You know the Jedi Master?
Oh, a Jedi Master.  Different altogether.  Yoda you seek, Yoda.
I'm not looking for a friend. I'm looking for a Jedi Master.
No, no!  I'll stay and help you find your friend.
Okay, Artoo, let him have it. Now get out of here, little fellow, we've got things to do.
Mine, mine.
Mudhole?  Slimy?  My home this is.
I don't want your help.  I want my lamp back.  I'll need it in this slimy mudhole.
Mine!  Mine!  Or I'll help you not.
Give me that!
Can't get your ship out?  Have you tried?  Have you tried?
Listen, friend, we didn't mean to land here, and if I could get my fighter out of this puddle I would, but I can't.  So ...
A great warrior?  Not many on those.  Wars don't make one great.
I'm looking for a great warrior.
Help you I can ... yes ... yes.
Yeah ...
Looking?  Looking?  You've found someone I'd say.  Heh?  Yes!
I'm looking for someone.
Away put your weapon.  I mean you no harm.
... Like we're being watched.
Then I'll see you in Hell.
The night storms will start before you can reach the first marker.
You bet it is ... and Luke's out in it.
The temperature is dropping too fast.
We'll have to go out on Tauntauns.
We haven't got them adapted to this cold yet ...
Not likely!  Where are the speeders?
Commander Skywalker hasn't come through the south entrance, sir. Maybe he slipped by without checking in.
Probably isn't good enough, Sergeant. Check on it!
I haven't seen him.  He probably came in through the south entrance.
Sergeant, is Commander Skywalker back yet?
Yes sir!
He will join us or die, My Master.
Yes ... yes.  That would be a great asset.
But, if he could be turned, he would be a powerful ally.
You are weak!  I have seen it. The Force is strong with him. He must be destroyed.
He's not a Jedi, he's just a boy. Obi-wan could not have taught him so much that ...
The son of Skywalker.  You must destroy him ... or he will be our undoing.
Our destruction?  Who?
Our situation is most precarious. We have a new enemy who could bring about our destruction.
I have felt it.
There is a grave disturbance in The Force.
What is thy bidding, My Master?
Fine.  But they'll have to take care of themselves.
Wait.  I'll send a patrol with you.
Whatever it is, it isn't friendly. I'm going to have a look.  Come on, Chewie.
I understand.  A death mark is not an easy thing to live with ... Until our paths cross again, may the force be with you.
Thank you, General.  But there's a price on my head.  If I don't pay off Jabba the Hutt, I'm a walking dead man.
You're an extraordinary fighter. I hate to lose you.
That's right.
The Empire won't look for you out here.  I'd say you're all set ... which means it's time for me to get going.
With all the meteor activity in this system, it's going to be difficult to spot approaching ships.
He's checking out a meteorite that hit near him. He'll be in soon.
Good, and Commander Skywalker?
There isn't a hint of life in the area.  But all the perimeter markers are set, so you'll know if anyone comes calling.
Captain Solo.  What's the situation?
Good.  Soon as we're clear, we'll kick this baby into hyperdrive.
I can see the edge of the asteroid field, sir.
Not collapsing, honey.  It's closing!  This is no cave ...
We're doomed.  Goodbye, Mistress Leia.  Goodbye, Captain ...
I'm going to see what it is.
It sounds like it's trying to get in.
I must admit there are times I don't understand human behavior.
You, too, golden rod.
Sir, I'm almost afraid to ask, but does shutting down all but emergency power systems include me?
What are you so grouchy about?
We're in trouble!
If I may say so, Sir, I noticed earlier that the entire main para- light system seems to be damaged.
I think we're in trouble.
It can wait.
Sit down, and shut up!
Sir, I was wondering ...
The energy shield is down.  We'll be stuck here forever.
Transport XJ. get out of here. Go!
The kid ran into something mean, and it wasn't the cold.
I do hope he's all there ... if you take my meaning.  I would hate to see Master Luke develop a short circuit ...
He doesn't make sense to me either, Chewie.
Go tell your precious Princess ... Luke is dead unless he shows up soon.
I don't know, Artoo.  Sir, might I inquire what's going on?
She is looking for Master Luke, and assumed he would be here with you.  No one seems to know ...
I shut it off.  What's her royal holiness want?
Mistress Leia has been trying to reach you on the communicator, but either you have it turned off, or it is malfunctioning ... if it's damaged, Artoo, could fix it, if you like.
What is it?
Captain Solo, sir. Might I have a word with you?
... just remember that, cause I'll be back ...
... I love you.  I couldn't tell you before, but it's true.
Me either.  They had me howling on the scan grid, but they never asked me any questions.
I'm worried about all of us.  I can't figure out what they're up to.
I was worried about you.
Look, sweetheart, I'm not going to have you accusing my friend of ...
No thanks.
Chewie, do you think you can repair him?
Well, I do trust him.  Lando's an old friend.  Must have been an accident.
Something's wrong here.  Your friend Lando is very charming, but I don't trust him.
He found him in a junk pile ...
Luke!  I'm sure he's fine.  Probably sitting around wondering what we're doing right now.
I hope Luke made it to the fleet all right.
Huh?  Oh.  Your droid's been gone too long just to be lost.  He may have gotten into some trouble. Chewie went to look for him.  Come over here.  I want to check this out.
Has Threepio turned up yet?
You look great.
You look silly.
Who's staring?
What are you staring at?
It'll be all right.  Trust me.  And keep your eyes open.  You wait here.
I don't like this.
Let er go, Chewie.
You do have your moments ... Not many, but you do have them.
No.  But he has no love for the Empire, that much I know ...
Can you trust him?
A Tibanna gas mine.  Lando won it in a sabacc match, or so he claims. Lando and I go way back.
A mining colony.
Lando's not a system, he's a man. A gambler, con-artist ... all- around scoundrel ...  ... your kind of guy.  The system is called Bespin.  It's a ways from here, but reachable.
Never heard of that system.
Well, sometimes ... Ah-hah, I knew it!  Lando Calrissian.
You keep logs?  My, how organized.
Funny, I have the feeling I've been in this area before.  Let me check my logs.
Here ... near the Anoat system.
That depends.  Where are we?
Then we have to find a safe port around here.  Got any ideas?
Not bad, hot shot, not bad.  Then what?
The fleet is finally breaking up. I'm hoping they'll follow standard Imperial procedure and dump their garbage before they go into light speed.
What'd you have in mind for your next move?
Chewie, check the manual release on the landing claws.
I'm still not sure what you've accomplished.
Oh, so sorry!  Didn't mean to offend your droid.  You think braking and shutting down in that amount of time is easy?
You could have warned him before you shut him off.
You're going to attack them?!!!
Sharp bank, Chewie.  Let's turn this bucket around.  You heard me, turn around!  Full power on the front shield.
It's not my fault.  I can't under- stand it!
No lightspeed?
Couldn't be, I checked the transfer circuits, just like you said!  I tell you this time it's not my fault.  I'm sure I checked it.
The entrance is collapsing!
I see it Chewie, hang on.
But the tremors have stopped.
Strap yourself in, sweetheart, we're taking off!
Those Star Destroyers will spot us long before you can get into light speed.  You can't make the jump in this asteroid field.
There will be more of them.  They always travel in groups.  And there's nothing they like better than to attach themselves to ships. Just what we need right now.
Looks like some kind of Mynock.
Look, we just got this bucket going again.  I'm not about to let some varmint tear it apart ...
Are you crazy!
Outside, in the cave.
Where?
There's something out there!
Try and control this ...
I do not!
You mean a man you can control.
There's nothing dull about a man I can depend on to be civilized.
Sure, they're safer.  You always know what they're going to do. Trouble is, it gets a little dull.
Don't count on it.  I happen to like nice men.
Afraid of?  Certainly not you Captain Solo ... or any other man in this galaxy.
What are you afraid of?
Why?
Stop that.
That's quite a compliment.
Sometimes, maybe ... occasionally, when you aren't acting like a scoundrel.
You could be a touch warmer, though.  Admit it, against your better judgment you think I'm all right.
Yes, you do.
Sure.  I guess I make it difficult sometimes.
Would you please stop calling me that?
Easy, your worship.  Only trying to help.
Where have I heard that before?
They're just trying to see if they can stir something up ... we're safe.
They're moving away.
Felt like a hydro concussion ... an Imperial Cruiser.
That was no earthquake.
Fine with me.  But I'm afraid you'll have to let go.
I don't expect anything, except to be left alone.
Well, I hope you don't expect more.
Sorry, Captain, being held by you isn't enough to get me excited.
Beautiful.
How do I look?
You don't look angry.
Very funny.  You can let go now .... I'm getting angry.
Why, Princess, this is so sudden.
That should do nicely.
What is it?
There, there.  Chewie get a reading on that.  Looks pretty good.
Right.  I'm going to get in closer to one of these big ones ...
Now you're making sense.
We've got to get out of this shower.
I'm against that.
But we're going to get pulverized if we stay out here much longer.
Good.
That Star Destroyer is slowing down.
I take it back.
Well, you said you wanted to be there when I was wrong.
Aren't I?  Hang on, sweetheart. We're gonna do some flyin'.
To get killed ... you're not seriously going into an asteroid field?
Let's hope so ... it's just the chance we need.
Probably an asteroid field ....
Asteroids!  Chewie, bank left, let's find out where they're coming from ...
Or you ran into something ....
That was no laser blast .... some- thing hit us ....
I'm glad you said there was going to be no problem, or I'd be worried.
Two more Star Destroyers heading right at us.
I know, I know, I see them ... LEIA See what?
I'll be surprised if we ever start moving.
This baby's got a few surprises left in her.
This bucket of bolts is never going to get us past that blockade.
Don't worry, your holiness, I'll get her started.
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Wait, don't open it ... that's one of the traps for the ice creatures.
Hey!  Someone's still in here.
Who's scruffy-looking?  I tell ya' sweetheart, I must've hit pretty close to the mark to get you hoppin' like this.  Doesn't it look that way to you, Luke?
Why you low-down, stuck-up, half- witted, scruffy-looking nerf-herder.
Come on, your highness, are you telling me you haven't been thinking about that kiss?
You must have gone completely out of your feeble mind.
Ooops!  I guess you haven't told Luke about that yet.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I had nothing to do with it.  General Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for any ships to leave the system until we know where that probe came from.
Well, your worship, it looks like you arranged to keep me close by for a while longer.
Now don't panic.  We don't know that.
An Imperial probe droid.
Droid of some kind.  I didn't hit it that hard.  It must have had a self-destruct ....
What was it?
.... I'm afraid there's not much left.
No kidding.  If this snowball's got nasty natives, they could be anywhere.
Now all we've got to worry about is what attacked him.
Forget it.
Those creatures he keeps talking about ... we'd better double the security ... Han, I don't know how ...
Sure ... If I were interested. But I don't think it'd be much fun.
And you think you're the one to apply some heat?
Spare me please!  Don't tell me about the Rebellion again.  I've had it with your noble mission. All you let yourself think about is the Rebellion.  The result is you're as cold as this planet.
We are fighting for a cause much ...
There's no accounting for taste. Believe me, you could use a good kiss.  You've spent so much time doing your duty and giving orders you've never learned how to be a woman. It's a shame, because you've got all the makings for one.  I could have helped you plenty in that department ... if you'd have let go for a minute.  But it's too late now, sweetheart.  Your big opportunity is flying out of here.
I'd just as soon kiss a wookiee.
Am I?  I say you came running after me because you were afraid I was leaving you without even a kiss.
I respect you.  You're a bold fighter, maybe not the brightest, but ... HAN No, your worship.. That's not what I'm talking about.
You want me to stay because of the way you feel about me.
And what are they, pray tell?
You probably don't.  How could you?  You're so terrified of your own emotions ...
Me?  I don't know what you mean.
Not you?
Yes.
We?
Han, we need you here.
He'll know when he gets back ... Don't give me that look.  Every day more bounty hunters are searching for me.  If I don't pay off Jabba soon, there'll be too many to stop ... Remotes, Gank killers, and who knows what else.  I've got to get that price off my head while I still have a head.
Does Luke know?
That bounty hunter we ran into on Ord Mantell changed my mind.
You said you were going to stay. What happened?
Yes, Your Highness?
Don't worry.  You haven't seen the last of us.
I hope you make your peace with Jabba.
Now don't get the wrong idea, pal. She was just trying to express her true feelings for me.
About what?
That makes a good story.  But I think you just can't bear to let me out of your sight.
Probe?  What probe?
That's two you owe me, junior.
Thanks to you.
Hi kid, you look strong enough to wrestle a Gundark.
I'll see you shortly. A meteorite just hit the ground near here and I want to check it out .. Won't be long.
There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser. My sentry markers are placed. I'm heading back to the base.
I've finished my circle and I haven't picked up any life read- ings.
Loud and clear, kid.  What's up?
Yeah, you're a real hero.
Don't shoot!  I've done what I can for you.  I'm sorry it's not better, but I've got my own problems.  I've already stuck my neck out further than I should ...
Don't ask me, but he's on his way.
All this just to get the kid? What's so important about him?
Luke?  I don't get it.
He doesn't want you at all.  He's after someone named Skywalker.
You don't know much about much if you think Vader won't want us dead before this is over.
Vader agreed to turn Leia and Chewie over to me.  They'll have to stay here, but at least they'll be safe.
This ought to be good.
Shut up a minute and listen.  I'm doing what I can to make this easier for you.
Get out of here, Lando!
I'm sorry too.
Sorry friend, I had no choice. They arrived right before you did.
Nothing.  I never would have guessed that underneath that wild schemer I knew was a respon- sible leader and businessman ... But you wear it well.
Not as well as I'd like.  We're a small outpost and not very self- sufficient.  I've had supply problems of every kind and ...  What's so funny?
How's your mining operation going?
I'll have my people get to work on it right away.  Hate the thought of the Millennium Falcon without her heart.
Hyperdrive.
That ship saved my life a few times.  It's the fastest hunk of machinery in the galaxy.  What's wrong with her?
What have you done to my ship?
Repairs ...
That won't be easy, my friend ... What brings you here, anyway?
I'll bet.
I always said you were a gentleman.
Are you kidding?
No hard feelings?
Why you slimy, double-crossing no-good swindler ... am I glad to see you.
I'm altering the bargain.  Pray I don't alter it any further.
That wasn't the bargain.  You said the Empire wouldn't interfere in--
Take them, but I'm keeping a detachment of troops here to watch over them.
I'll take what's mine now.
I think not.  But I don't wish my prize to be damaged.  We'll test it first.  Bring in Captain Solo.
We only use this chamber for carbon freezing.  If you put him in there, it'll kill him.
Good.  It would be most unfortunate if I had to leave a permanent garrison here.
No.
I forget nothing, Calrissian. Perhaps you think you're being treated unfairly.
That was never mentioned.  Neither was this bounty hunter taking Han. I hope you haven't forgotten our bargain.
You will find them well enough. But they must never again leave this city.
What about Leia and the Wookiee?
That sounds familiar.
I'm sure my men fixed it.  We've got nothing to worry about.
Are the coordinates set?
The deflector shields are gone.
It's Luke.  Get under him.  Slow down.  Easy Chewie.  Line up your tracking system.  Lando, open the hatch.
Someone's falling.
Wait a minute.  We're not going back there.
No argument, just do it.  That's a command!
Luke needs help.  We must go back.
What?
Luke!
I knew that set-up was too good to last .... I'm going to miss it.
I didn't say anything?
What'd you say?
His fate is sealed.  You'll be lucky to get out yourself.  All systems are on alert.  everything's locked.
We've got to find Luke.
Don't worry about a thing.  I'll get us going.
You'd better know what you're doing, or this is going to get very messy.
What chance have we got in here? What are we going to do when they cut ...
Sure I did ... once.  It turned out lousy.
You've probably never done an honorable thing in your life.
Very noble.  Not smart, but noble.
There's not much chance, but the bounty hunter's ship is on the East Landing Platform.
Chewie's right.  We must try to save Han.
This is no time to be choosy, honey.  What do you say we debate this later?  There's still a chance I can get you out of here.
We have no use for your kind.
Look, I stand to lose everything by this.
And when do you betray us again?
I'm coming over to your side, that's what.  And I have a feeling I'm making a big mistake.
What's going on?
... we're the bait.
Lord Vader has set a trap for him and ...
I didn't know you had a price on your head.  Vader has given you to the bounty hunter.
What about Han?
Yes, we keep pollution down by having the power reactor far below the city.  It's connected by a transfer shaft.
It's a lovely outpost.
Not actually .... Our operation is small enough not to be noticed, so you might say we're enterprisers. Most of our trade is, well ... unofficial.
You're part of the mining guild then?
.... We are a free station and do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Empire.
Would you care to join me for a little refreshment?
Thanks.
I must say, your beauty is unpar- alleled.  Truly you belong here with us among the clouds.
Not really.
Sorry, am I interrupting anything?
You may call me Leia.
Hello!  What have we here?  Welcome, I am Baron Lando Calrissian, Administrator of this facility ... and who might you be?
We have no choice.  Send them up ... and start clearing everyone out.
Two transports at a time is awfully risky.
What is it?
We've picked up something outside the base in zone one, moving East.
Not yet.  They're working on it now.
Have they analyzed the one that was killed?
Slim, but yes, there's a chance. They have a shelter.  It's not much, but ...
Is there any chance of them surviving out there?
The speeders should be ready in the morning.  They'll make the search easier.
I understand.
Nothing more can be done tonight. The shield doors must be closed. I can't wait any longer.  I'm sorry.
Let's go.
Artoo, you did it!  I never doubted you for a second ...
I thought you knew this person.
Rather touchy, aren't they.
Well, what now?
Sir, we've lost the rear deflector shield.  One more direct hit on the back quarter and we're done for.
Oh my, no!
What??
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
A tremor!
Closer?!
Closer?!
If I might remind you, sir, the probability of successfully navi- gating through an asteroid field is approximately 365,000 to one ... a graceful surrender might not be ...
You don't have to do this to impress me.
I'll be back later.
So much has happened during the period of your indisposition, sir.
You rest now.
I've never seen it fail.
This hyperdrive had better work.
He'll survive.
Lando, is he alright? ... Lando? Are you there?  How's Luke?
Luke, no!  It's a trap.
Leia!
Snow creatures ... they're here?!
I could get more loyalty if I went down the hall and recruited some of those snow creatures.
Jabba the Hutt?
He wants to pay off that criminal he's in hock to.
Calm down, will ya?  Tell me about Han.
Han's leaving?
First Han, now you.  When am I going to learn not to count on anyone but myself? ...
What are you talking about?
That's just great.  Why doesn't everyone just take off?
I have this ... feeling.  I'm not sure, really ...
Where are you going?
What did you say?!
Leia ... What would you think if I went away for a while?
Me too.  I was afraid.
I'm fine.  Really.  Leia ... when I was out there and it looked pretty bad ... well, it made me think about things.
The Bacta are growing well.  The scars should be gone in a day or so.  Does it still hurt?
If it must be.  Yes.
And sacrifice Han and Leia?
I've learned so much since then.  And I'll return to finish ... I promise that, master.
Yes, yes.  To Obi-wan you listen young one.  The tree.  Remember your failure at the tree!  Heh?
Foreknowledge is helpful, but painful sometimes and dangerous too.  You have far to go in your training.
They're my friends.
Difficult to see.  Always in motion is the future ... Back away, little machine!
Will they die?
It is the future you see.
I see them! ... They're in pain ... they're suffering.
Bespin.  I see it too ... Friends you have there, heh?  Concentrate and see them you will.
I see a city in the clouds.
Control, control you must learn of what you see.  Not easy, not fast.
My mind fills with so many images.
Free your mind and return he will.
Ben?  Ben?
Only what you take with you.
What's in there?
This tree is strong with the dark side of The Force.  A servant of evil it is.  Into it you must go.
I feel cold.
Yes ... I also feel danger ... death.  Something's not right.
Four this time!  The Force you feel.
No!  Nothing more will I tell you now. Clear your mind of questions ... Quiet now be ... at peace ...
But tell me why ...
You will know.  When you are at peace ... calm ... passive.  A Jedi uses The Force for knowledge and defense.  Never for attack.
But how am I to know the good side from the dark?
No, no.  Easier, quicker, more seductive.
Lord Vader ... Is the dark side stronger?
The dark side beckons.  But if once start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.  Consume you it will ... as it did Obi-wan's apprentice.
Price?  What do you mean?
Anger, fear, aggression!  The dark side of The Force are they.  Easily they flow ... quick to join you in a fight.  Beware, beware, beware of them.  A heavy price is paid for the power they bring.
But I feel The Force flowing!
No, no.  This will not do.  Anger is what you feel.
That would matter not were The Force flowing through you.  Higher you'd jump!  Faster you'd move! Open yourself to The Force you must.
They're a lot stronger than I'm used to.
That they are.
I thought those seekers were set for stun!
Concentration.  Heh?  Concentration.
That is why you fail.
I don't believe it.
Size has no meaning.  It matters not.  Look at me.  Judge me by my size do you?
I can't. It's too big.
No.  Try not.  Do, do.  Or do not. There is no try.
Okay.  I'll give it a try.
No!  No different!  The differences are in your mind.  Throw them out! No longer of use are they to you.
Master, moving rocks is one thing, but this is a little different.
Yes, but by what standard, ask I?  Forget your old measures. Unlearn, heh, unlearn.
I thought I was in good shape.
It would be in seven pieces, were you a Jedi.
You will be, my young one.  Heh. You will be.
I will not fail you.  I'm not afraid.
You are reckless!
I have followed my feelings.
To become a Jedi takes the deepest commitment, the most serious mind.
Why not me?
Ready are you?  What know you of ready?  I have trained Jedi for 800 years.  My own counsel I'll keep on who is to be trained.
Never.
There is no escape.  You must join me or die.  Don't make me destroy you here ... The Emperor is strong with The Force.  But if you join me, together we could overthrow Him.  Do not resist. It is our destiny!
No! .... Never ....
The Force runs strong in the Skywalker line.  You will achieve great power ... Come, join with me!  Together we will be the most powerful ... even stronger than The Emperor.
Time will tell.
All too easy.  Perhaps you are not as strong as The Emperor thought.
That won't be necessary.
I'll die first.
There is much Obi-wan did not tell you.  Come, The Emperor will complete your training.
No!
Your future lies with us, Skywalker. Now you will embrace the dark side. Obi-wan knew this to be true.
And I too.
You'll find I'm full of surprises.
The fear does not reach you.  You have learned more than I anticipated.
I want that ship.
It won't get through the blockade.
Anything on the Millennium Falcon?
Seventeen ships destroyed, we don't know how many got away.
Make ready to land General Veers' assault troops on the surface. Then deploy the fleet so that nothing can get off that system. You're in command now, Admiral Piett.
Yes, My Lord.
Yes, Sir .... we have visuals ... the System is supposed to be devoid of human forms ...
The Hoth System?
What d'you mean, pretending? They are dressing.  Where'd they get those clothes?
They're...pretending to dress.
Excuse me.  I didn't mean to disturb....  What am I saying?
They suggested oranges.
Good God.
The Zoo tells me that chimpanzees, like all apes, are vegetarian, sir.
Me, too.  Can't have a lot of monkeys making messes in the Guardhouse.  Have we fed them?  Like raw steak or something?
Yes, sir.  We're in luck.  The sick bay's almost empty except for a mauled fox cub, a deer with pneumonia, and a depressed gorilla. The Apes will be hidden from the public.  They'll be quarantined. If they want medical attention, it's available on the spot.  And the experts can start giving them the once-over first thing in the morning. General Brody's very pleased.
Did you call the Zoo?
That primitive apes can talk.
Believe what?
Nobody's going to believe it.
My name is Lewis -- Lewis Dixon .
My name is Cornelius.  And this is Zira -- my wife.
Do you have a name?
We know that.
So am I.  And I mean you no harm.
A display of primitive apparatus --
And we can watch ...
To a lot of psychiatric small talk --
I did not call her mad.  I merely asked her if she was.  And I repeat the question.  Are you mad?
Dr. Milo, please don't call my wife mad.
Zira, are you mad?
And Earth will be destroyed -- just as we saw it.  Only, since fleeing it, we have passed through a....backward disturbance in time -- did you notice the Date Meter clicking down after the shock wave hit our ship? -- and we have returned to Earth almost two thousand years before its destruction.  That is another reason for keeping silence.  Our human captors would not be edified to know that, one day, their world will crack like an egg and fry to a cinder, because of an Ape war of aggression.
But we saw Earth destroyed.
In some fashion -- and I lack the intellect to know precisely how -- we have traveled from Earth's future into Earth's past.
Keep him in cold storage till the reports in.  Then send him to Taxidermy.  He's a museum piece.
With particular emphasis on the cranial and oral areas.
We shall want a full autopsy ...
Yes, but don't take any chances.
They look pretty docile.
Go easy, Stevie.
Security.  Join the Marines and see the Zoo ...
What are they doing here?
I don't believe it.
No -- clothes.  Stevie, they changed into them.
With food?
There was a sort of carpetbag in the ship.
What, Lewis?
I like you.
Please
May I say something personal?
I mean that in our 'primitive' civilization, apes just don't talk. I mean I think it's important that, when our 'primitive' security precautions are lifted, the first time you say something in public you should talk to what we 'primitively' call the Right People.
Primitive?
I'm a psychiatrist.
Humans?
I should.  I've been doing it half my life to Humans.
I mean he's of your race. He's an Ape.  Look.  You don't have to be afraid.  We've put him in chains and under sedation. Do you understand that?
He's a gorilla.
But he isn't us.  He's your own kind.
C'mon, Snake - it's L.A. Everything's phony, you know that.
You were injected with glucose. There is no Plutoxin 7 virus. You were never going to die - at least not from anything we gave you.
Plissken, slow down the sub. You're overloading the power plant.
His reactor's starting to overheat.
Some areas have power - they're on line to San Onofre.
Heavy Third World connections. They get weapons, drugs, fuel, choppers - everything is pumped into the island from the south.
L.A. is in a constant state of warfare. Gangs fighting for the right to rule.
It's a strain of the Plutoxin 7 virus. Genetically engineered. 100% pure death. Complete nervous system shutdown. You crash and bleed out like a stuck pig. Not a pretty sight.
The cigarette girl in New Vegas was an undercover cop. She injected you with incentive toxin. Right now it's swimming in your bloodstream. It'll start to take effect in 9 hours.
Utopia became depressed after her mother's suicide, began to withdraw into her virtual reality simulator. She'd punch up her own little world in cyberspace and stay in it for days at a time.  Somebody else was in there with her.
Somehow during the tour, she came into possession of a prototype transmitting device. We don't know how.
Zero emotional developments. Total lack of compassion. A highly developed psychopathic instinct to survive.
Perfect for the mission. Nobody else can pull it off - not an army, not a man.
ComStat did a psychosearch on him. Used a database of 5 million sociopathic personalities. He hit the bottom of the curve.
Yes...
Nobody leaves Cuervo Jones. Not unless you give your life. You fight till you're dead. Then I forgive you.  Understand?  Understand?
I tried...
You're my woman, you understand? You don't let anybody take you away from me without a fight.
Cuervo...?
Go on now. Do as I say.
Ooww!
Are we going to eat soon? I'm starved.
Now go get dressed. We have things to do.
He doesn't look like his picture.  I bet he's fake.
You never heard of Snake Plissken?
Who's that?
Cuervo, look out behind you!
You're stalling, Eddie.  Talk, you little gringo!
He's... near.
Where's Plissken?
It's so good to see you again.
What?
Oh Cuervo...
Where?
I thought he was, but he came back.
You told me he was dead.
You're about to get hit, Cuervo. It's Plissken.
Sure, Cuervo, but look here. I've done it all, man. I killed Plissken, I got your girl back, I got it all. Just for you, Cuervo. Just for you.
Give it.
You said I could be Vice-President, Cuervo. Your right-hand man.
Give it to me.
He jumped. Down there.  He's dead, Cuervo. I did it. I killed Plissken.
Where is he?
We'll see.
Come on, Cuervo. I delivered him, didn't I? All I'm asking for is what you promised.
My name is Hershe Hernandez, do you understand, cowboy?
Where'd you get these rigs, Carjack?
You always were a loser, Plissken. Makin' things up as you go along. That's why I cut out on you in Cleveland. You're just a bum like the rest of us.
Shit.
I'd like to get out but I don't have enough money.
Why should we leave? I love L.A. Where we gonna go? What's the payoff?
Cuervo Jones has more firepower than two armies. No one gets near him.
Wait a minute. All right. Hold on.
We have a little arrangement. Anything happens to me, you're dead.
I wouldn't be doin' that, Snake.
My name is no longer Carjack. Will you please get that through your fucking head?
No. The right skid's broken. If I try to set it down she'll crash. I have to stay in a hoverwhile you jump off.  Hey, Carjack. We gotta hide the girl. Give her your dress.
Can you land?
I think we've burned off enough fuel. We may be lighter enough to hover. Just barely.
Somebody get off!
She's overloaded! We're too heavy.
If I'm late, Carjack, don't start without me.
See you in hell, Snake.
I don't know yet.
No, that sucks.  How are we getting out?
You want to stay here, while Cuervo Jones rules the world?
I don't know, sounds thin to me.
We get the girl and the prototype. And we get out.
So what's the deal, gorgeous?
Say goodnight, Carjack.
Dream on, blue eye.
Get me to Cuervo Jones. Get me to the Kingdom. I got one hour.
I see your point. What's the favor?
I'm already dead.
I got a new deal for you.
All right, so I made another deal.
Don't lie to me.
I was called away on urgent business, Snake.
Not anymore.
Wait a minute. I know that voice.  You're Carjack Malone.
What's in it for me?
I need a favor.
The name's Plissken.
You're gonna have to learn to respect the law, Snake. The United States is a no- smoking nation. No smoking, no drinking, do drugs, no women unless you're married, no guns, no foul language. It's a brand new day for you, Snake.
Got a smoke?
Yeah, I got it.
Plissken - this is Malloy. Do you have the prototype?
It's history. I gotta go.
Where's the submarine? It's disappeared off our screens.
I'm here.
Plissken...?
Hands on switches and counting. 5...4...3...2...1. Launch.
75% power.
Nuclear turbine to 75% power.
Locked.
Lock fuel rods.
She's in the green.
Good.
No.
Not you?
A medical team will be standing by.
By the way - who gives me the anti-toxin?
Let's just say it's what's best for the country.
So you want me to take her out?  Is that an order from the President?
Cahuenga Pass. Make your way up through the mountains toward the Hollywood Bowl. You should be able to pick up Utopia's tracer there.  Once you go inside, you're on your own.  You know what you have to do with the girl, don't you?  We have to spare this nation her trial - for treason.
Where do I put ashore?
All you need to know is get it back here by 5 a.m.
So what does this thing do?
Third World wants to live like we do - and they plan on taking what they want. The Cubans and Brazilians are ready to invade Miami. If the Africans and Colombians make a run at the border, we got a full scale attack on the United States.
There's a war about to be declared, or didn't you know?
Defense against what?
Only a handful of people are aware of its existence. Let's just say it's the ultimate defensive weapon.
I'll need to know more about this thing.
Call me Snake.
I guess we have a deal. Nice to be working with you, Plissken.
Get this crap out of me.
You don't understand. It's already in you.
Maybe. But you're not putting any shit in me this time.
Having second thoughts?
Wait a minute, what are you talkin' about?
Tell the President to adopt. I think I'll like L.A.
That's the deal.
So what's the deal, huh? Go into L.A., find the President's daughter, secure the box, and bring 'em both out - and I'm free?
That's right, big shot. Unless you do what we want you're not coming back.
And I don't need to know. So fuck you, I'm goin' to Hollywood.
Top secret. Only on a need to know.
What's the little black box do?
Shut up, Plissken.
You assholes didn't bring me here to give me this for 20 years of dedicated service. What'ya want?
How you doin' Plissken?  You like the watch?
You're free, Plissken. But if you even so much as break wind on a country road I'll crush you like a bug.
Relax, war hero. We took you for a ride, and you came through. Not bad for a dirtbag like you.
Well, yeah. All you have to do is push the button.
Does he know how to activate it?
The prototype appears to be armed, Mr. President.  Shall I begin evacuation?
So where's Plissken?
Getting ready to invade.
I give you my word. Put the prototype into my hands, and you're a free man.
It's the President, for Christ's sake!
Yeah. The place kept changing owners. Finally went bankrupt. That thing in Paris killed 'em.
Is that what I think it is?
If he lets you get close enough.
So maybe we can pull off a Texas switch on Cuervo.
Yeah, kinda.
I got an idea, Snake.  This looks like the prototype, right?
Don't like it, don't come.
I don't know about this thing.
Bluebacks. I'm not bullshittin'. I swear to God.
Aw, come on, Snake.
We'll see.
Me too?
I used to represent the guy who invented it. I swear to God, Snake. No bullshit.
How do you know all this?
Right. Keep goin' straight. Two blocks down, turn right.
Cease fire with the bullshit.
I couldn't help it, Snake. I had to shoot you. Cuervo made me do it, I swear to God, man.
Later.
Sure, Snake. No problem.  You gonna kill me?
Listen up. I need directions. Downtown. Somebody named Hershe.
I could've helped you. We coulda made a deal with Cuervo. If you'd listen...
Not yet.
Oh, man... You didn't have to hit me, Snake. I can help you.
Where are they going?
Right over there.
Where is it?
All right. Anything for you, Snake.  Although I was going to take you to Cuervo Jones' place.
I said pull over.
No way.
Stop the damn car.
Cuervo Jones' right-hand man. One tough hombre. You don't understand, Snake. Cuervo Jones wants to unify the island. We're on the move, man. Big time.
Delgado?
Too many people know where you're going, Snake. That's not good. Delgado and his men were back there waiting for you.
Cuervo's got a place near Venice, where the big birds fly. Nice digs, too. I've been there, y'know.
Location.
Who? You mean Cuervo Jones? He's the man with the juice, Snake. Got the President's daughter. Setting up a citywide truce. Big doings.
Where are they?
Man, I'd love to have your autograph, Snake.
Where'd they go?
You're a star in your own right, you know that? Hey, I'm Map To The Stars Eddie. How you doin'?
All the sewers are collapsed under Venice. You have to go topside. Right up there.
Yeah. So how do I get to Venice?
Say, you need anything, Snake? Guns? Explosives? I can get you a crate of hellfire grenades, no problem - five hours.
Which way?
Good. I want you out. This is my sewer.
Looking to get out.
What're you doing in here?
Hershe. She lives downtown with Mojo Dellasandro in the big boat. Down that way.
Who?
You ain't doin' so good, Snake. You need help.  You should talk to Hershe. She hates Cuervo. They used to be partners, but they split up.
Anaheim. Headquarters for everything. The whole town's gonna be there. Things changin' fast around here, Snake. It's not the same as the old days, man.
Where?
Long gone. You'll never catch up with him now, Snake.
Where's... Cuervo Jones...?
Could be a big one comin' any minute now...
Down that way.
Which way to the Hollywood Bowl?
Kind of a bad neighborhood, Snake.
Who?
Run, Snake...They're coming.
No! Stay away, Snake. He's mucho muerte.
Find Cuervo Jones.
What are you gonna do in Venice?
It's where they live. I guess after everything happened, they just needed to do what they'd always done before. During the daytime, they just pull down the shades on their windows and sleep.
I know that. There are people in some of these cars.
The freeway.
What the hell is this?
I changed my mind. I'm going with you, wherever you're going.
I don't know. Somehow, I just can't leave.
Why don't you get out of L.A.? Take a boat to China, take an airplane to Brazil?  Earthquakes, death, shit. Why do you stay?
How the hell am I supposed to know? This is your damn city.
Snake - what is it?
Sewers. Come on.
How do we get out of here?
The what?
Be careful of the bald cats. They live in these buildings.
I just thought you wanted to get away. I didn't know you wanted to go someplace.
This is a dead end.  You took us into a dead end!
Like hell I do.
You need help.
Don't follow me.
The Surgeon General of Beverly Hills.
Who?
Oh no, it's the Doctor.
No screamin' shit.
They live here, used to be like us. But after too many silicon implants, their muscles turned to jelly. The only way they survive is to have body parts transplanted over and over again.  Snake, nobody who comes into Beverly Hills gets out alive.
What are they?
A little bit. But pretty soon I'm gonna be dead. So are you, Snake.
Are you crazy?
Hi, Snake. It's so great to meet you. My name's Taslima. I'm a fan of yours.
Give me the prototype.
Where's the anti-toxin...?
Thank God.
Get ready, shitheads. We're comin' in.
I've been doin' that all my life. Might as well do it in L.A. Everybody else there is.
You're running out of time.
Well, I'll think it over.
Utopia is lost to me. My daughter is gone.
I can see you're real concerned about your daughter.
Uh-uh. Bluebacks.
Yeah? Greenbacks? I got ten million of them.
The President's promised to give whoever helps me 1 million dollars.
Yeah.
All of us?
Yeah. With me and Texas Mike O'Shay.
Hershe, you were in Cleveland?
You owe me. You left me holdin' everything back there in Cleveland.
Who ain't?
I'm looking for somebody.
Hey, what's going down, Snake?
--By itself it is only a piece of steel. Its power comes from he who wields it. For now there is no one. Do as I have ordered!
My King, I couldn't do it. Excalibur cannot be lost. Other men--
...I saw nothing.
When you threw it in, what did you see?
--Take Excalibur. Find a pool of calm water and throw the sword into it.
I cannot--
There is one thing left to do... Excalibur... And you must do it, Perceval. Leave my wounds, I command you.
...Perceval!
In the name of God, of St. Michael, and St. George, I make you a knight. Rise, Sir...
He heard Lady Guenevere's request and he said nothing. That is all.
Is he coming?
--It is the old wound, that has been opened. I have always known it would be the gateway to my death, for it has never healed. Let my heart do its job, my King, and pump me empty...
You are that and much more. You are its greatest knight, you are what is best in men. Now we will be together--
My salvation is to die a Knight of the Round Table.
Lancelot, I will save you... Don't die.
Arthur.
It is deep...
Hasn't Merlin mended your wound?
But one can still keep a sword sharp riding out in the name of the King's law.
They miss the battlefield. I think we do too.
Only give me leave to ride out again, to do what I am most able to do, and happiest doing.
Your deeds set an example for all other knights. For your gift, ask a gift of me.
I do. Rise, Lancelot, come with me.
These men repented before God for their evil deeds. Those who would not, met their fate at the end of my sword.  Accept the fruit of my first quest as my wedding gift.
We spared the lives of a few, so they could sail home and tell their fellows what fate they met at the hands of King Arthur's knights...
Lancelot, how did you fare in the North?
And a great heart it is. Sir Lancelot, you will be my champion.
My domain is here, inside this metal skin. And I would pledge to you all that I still own: muscle, bone, blood and the heart that pumps it.
I gave up my castles and my lands!
But your life and lands are far from here.
Then make me your champion and I will always fight in your place.
You are still the best knight in Christiandom. You gained a hundred advantages over me. It is I who must love you, for through your courage and patience you taught me a bitter lesson.
I, the best knight in the world, bested! This is a great day, for my search is over. I love you, my King.
Thanks to God, you are alive.
It is you, sir, who knows not the virtue of humility, as a true king must.
So be it, to the death.
Sir, your rage has unbalanced you. It seems you would fight to the death against a knight who is not your enemy, for a length of road you can ride around.
I sought only not to harm you, sir.
Fight me from your horse or on foot, but fight me. Your avoidance mocks me.
I will not.
Yield. I have the advantage.
I will not. You must retreat or prove your kingship in the test of arms, under the eyes of God.
Move aside!
Not a boast, sir, but a curse.  Never have I met my match in joust or duel.
--That is a wild boast. You lack a knight's humility.
I am Sir Lancelot of the Lake, from across the sea. I am the best knight in the whole of Christiandom, and I look for the king who is worthy of my sword's service.
I am King, and this is Excalibur, sword of kings from the dawn of time. Who are you, and why do you block the way?
I await the King himself. His knights are in need of training.
Move aside. This is the King's road, and the knights you joined arms against were his very own.
Good day to you, sir.
Lancelot?... It is Lancelot!
He can be no other.
I dreamed of him too... Merlin lives! He lives in our dreams now, in that dark and shadowy place that is as strong and real as this more solid one. He speaks to us from there.
Yes. He spoke to me. He said I would fight bravely tomorrow. I have never dreamed of Merlin before.
Of Merlin?
Merlin, will I live...?  ...I was dreaming...
Ready my knights for battle; they will ride with their King once more. I have lived through others far too long! Lancelot carried my honor and Guenevere my guilt. My knights have fought my causes. Mordred carries my sins. Now, at last, I will rule.
Perceval, you have returned!
...Gawain and Perceval, Bors and Bohort, Caradoc and Ector, and all the others--lost to me. Only the echo of their voices remains in this empty hall. All I have left is the memory of their fellowship. Echoes and memories. I am a ghost of the King that once was...  ...Mordred is real, alive, my own flesh and blood. I will see him, I must.
Don't recognize him. You were trapped by Morgana's sorcery.
At last...
Is this a dream? Tell me, Merlin!
--Stories... You brought me back. Your love brought me back. Back to where you are now, in the land of dreams...
Where have you been these many years? Is it true that Morgana--
But, I'm here.
It is like a tree. The roots of the stones spread out across the land and they draw on the thoughts and actions of men. Like sap those human matters course through the stones feeding the stars that are the leaves of the tree. And the stars whisper back to men the future course of events.  But the earth is being torn apart, its metals stolen, and the balance is broken and the lines of power no longer converge. In fact, I nearly didn't make it in one piece.
What is this place, Merlin?
I know. I have heard noises and echoes through the stones...
Quiet. You'll wake the men, and they must fight tomorrow for their very lives.
I cannot. I must not. Here I must stay.
I must do it myself. I must kill them both. Lancelot and Guenevere. Will you ride with me, Merlin?
You betray the boy who drew the sword, the boy who saw the Dragon... the Dragon who moves close by, coiling and uncoiling, restless, looking down, waiting for the King to be a king...
Me? I have lived by the oath of king and knight.
My powers fade, Arthur. I resort to cheap tricks...  Yes! I enjoy every moment of my foolishness, I join in the making of it, so no one can betray me. But you! You betray yourself.
With all your powers, you are content to be ridiculed, laughed at...
That is my destiny. I have a destiny, too...
I am alone and betrayed. By my wife, by my beloved friend, by my knights. And by you. Perhaps most of all by you. For you made me, you forged this wretched life. And like a child tired of a toy, you toss me aside, a babbling lecher trotting after my sister...
I didn't ask for poetry. Which is it?
What?  The greatest? They blend together like the metals we mix to make a good sword.
A king should be afraid, always. The enemy is everywhere. Waiting in ambush in the dark corridors of his castle, on the deer paths of his forest, or in the gray and winding paths of a more tangled forest, in here.
Just yes? No mad laughter, no riddles, nothing but a simple yes? That frightens me.
Yes.
What is it my child?
Merlin, tell me. Now that Guenevere is returned to me...
Never where you expect it, that's all I know.
Where hides evil, then, in my kingdom?
Good and evil; there is never one without the other.
Then answer me this. For years peace has reigned in the land. Crops grow in abundance, there is no want. Every one of my subjects enjoys his portion of happiness and justice, even those whose tiresome misunderstandings we must resolve here each day. Tell me, Merlin: have we defeated evil, as it seems?
At your service, sir.
...to ride out and meet them.
The knights of Galys approach the camp. It would be politic...
The Lady of the Lake. Take it. Take it, quickly!
Excalibur! Is it true?
You know full well there is, and I go to meet it now. Come witness my revenge.
Come now. So much anger for such a little crime? Are you sure there is nothing else troubling you?
So you were stealing their honey. They should have killed you.
I had to weave a little enchantment on the bees so I could get some honey, and I didn't feel up to using any more magic just yet. Anyway, I was in less danger than you'll be in today.
I should have left you to fend for yourself.
You're not listening. Your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind.
Guenevere...
Guenevere. And a beloved friend who will betray you.
Who will it be? Put your mind to it, then.
There are maidens as fair, and fairer than Guenevere. If I put my mind to it, I could see them now, many of them, weeping for love of you, watching the hills for you coming from the high towers of their castles. Offering you their every favor. Rich, clever--but if it is to be Guenevere, so be it.
I love her. If she would be my queen, my dreams would be answered.
...of course...
A king must marry, after all.
What's this, what's this?!
Then as knight to knight I can offer you mercy.
The dragon! There...
What?!
The book without pages. Open before you, all around us. You can see it in bits and pieces, for if mortal men were to see it whole and all complete in a single glance, why, it would burn him to cinders.
What book is that?
In the great book.
How? Where?
Because you must! You and only you. Have you forgotten that it was you who freed Excalibur?
It's just that I have no experience, and no men to speak of. How can I--
Thank you.
I must find the means to save him, then. I was hoping I could ask you for a little magic help, but if it makes you so tired...
Well there. You don't need me half as much as you think you do. You already know what must not happen.
Yes, yes, I know that. Everybody does. Lord Leondegrance is my only ally among the barons and the great knights. I can't lose him.
It is whispered in the forest that...  ...Leondegrance's castle is under siege by Lot and Uryens.
'Help me, Help me.' Help me get up.
Merlin, help me. I need your help. I don't know how--
That's not why you came.
I want to thank you.
But not from your destiny.
You saved me from the arrow...
You are the son of King Uther, and the fair Igrayne... you are King Arthur.
Whose son am I?
Speak of the devil!...
Who is Merlin?
So be it.
I will muster a great force of knights, and I will return to fight for what is mine.
And I offer only this, Father. To commit with passion and pleasure all the evils that you failed to commit, as man and king.
I cannot offer you the land, only my love...
Your mother told you that?
The very spear that pierced the side of Christ as he died on the cross.
And you are the great King? The lords have rebelled. Invaders attack the coasts. Crops don't grow. There is nothing but plague and hunger in the land. Only I am feared. I will be king. You may have lost Excalibur, but I have found my own weapon of power. There.
I recognize you only as my son, no more.
I have come to claim what is mine, Father.
Rise, Mordred.
Father...
We fought and won battles, and now one man defeats all my knights? I will go.
He is the mightiest and fairest of knights.
I don't know. Merlin brought you to me when you were newly born and charged me to raise you as my own. At first, I did so because I feared Merlin, later because I loved you.
Who is, then?
I did, Father. I beg your forgiveness.
You freed it, son?
Sir... Kay needed a sword. His was stolen. I saw Excalibur, and... I took it.
Well hurry then, and get it.
I left it in the tent, sir.
I have kept it.
Forgive me, my wife, if you can. I was not born to live a man's life, but to be the stuff of future memory. The fellowship was a brief beginning, a fair time that cannot be forgotten; and because it will not be forgotten, that fair time may come again. Now once more I must ride with my knights to defend what was, and the dream of what could be.
I loved you much, as King, and sometimes as husband, but one cannot gaze too long at the sun in the sky.
And if he cannot be found, no other knight will champion me, though you beseeched each and every one of them. Why be king if there is no one you can call loyal subject but an eager boy?
The laws, my laws, must bind everyone, high and low, or they are not laws at all. Lancelot will come...
And you cannot love me...
If I am your judge, I cannot be your champion. When I act as your King, I cannot be your husband.
Why can't you be my champion?
Not you, my husband?
The Queen will be in my charge till a champion steps forward to fight on her behalf.
No. I meant not to be angry with you, Sir Gahalt. In the idleness that comes with peace gossip has bread its own evil. You merely repeat it. Please, sir, have one of those apples that Lancelot loves, and in that gesture partake of its goodness.
Sir Gahalt, answer the Queen.
Without Lancelot?!
Don't start a war on my wedding day!
I will ride with Sir Kay. Lancelot, rest here.
I grant you your wish if you grant Lady Guenevere hers.
He must stay for the feasting days of our wedding, and tell his deeds himself.
Quiet, or I'll sew up your mouth too.
I'm going.
No, I think it's better if you just stay here to heal. At least a week.
Well, then, I shall tell you which knights have maiden daughters, so you can avoid their castles.
I didn't know Leondegrance had a daughter.
--And damsels in besieged castles are waiting to be rescued?
But I have to leave tomorrow. The forests are thick with rebels, invaders plunder our shores...
--I'm pretty good at stitchery. I've sewn my father's wounds more than once.
Ye...
It didn't hurt too much, did it?
You and the land are one. Drink from the chalice. You will be reborn and the land with you.
I am wasting away and I cannot die. And I cannot live.
Because you and the land are one.
I have waited long for you. Once you almost saw, but fear blinded you. Why am I served from the chalice?
You, my lord.
Who does it serve?
We are to blame.
The King without his sword, the land without a king...
He has given up.
Why didn't he kill us?
--Nothing!
There are things about love--
Love demands it.
The law forbids it.
I cannot love as a woman the lady who will be wife to my King and my friend. And, in pledging my love to you, I cannot love any other woman.
To me? But why?
Yes. I would swear my love to you.
Me?
You.
Who?!
There is one.
And there is no maiden in the whole world who inspires you?
I am a fighting man and I am married to the quest. That is enough.
Why?
No.
The well-kept secret is whether any of them has won your heart.
--It must wait, child. These good ladies, for whom I intervened once, will honor me with a meal. I am beholden to them now as I was when they begged my protection.
I have found you. The Queen. An apple. Tomorrow. Sir Gawain...
Twenty days!? The world is that big?
Listen, boy, it's more than twenty days from here.
I will run.
Very well. Climb up.
You're a man?!  ...with metal skin!
Just a man. A knight in the King's service.
--I am the fog and mists that rise up from the sea, escaping...
--I am the sea, which covers the desert forever under its weight.
I am the desert, where water disappears--
I am the cloudburst that quenches the flames.
What's behind that beauty? A wizened, cold-hearted snake.
You provoke me, Merlin.
Walls of shining crystals, burning with red fire, furnishings of metals and jewels never seen by man...
What do you want? You must desire it for me to weave it.
I won't. You would misuse such power. I have paid enough for you, and I will have you.
Merlin, the powers of Summoning, the true Name of the charms of Doing and Undoing. Show me!
Flattery! Do you think I am ignorant of your stupid little games? Preying on you weakness of others. That's your power, a petty evil. Mine is great. Great plans. Impossible dreams. Laughable endings...
You are truly magnificent!
Why?
They do.
People make you laugh?
When Arthur built the castle, I carved out a place for myself, where I could laugh or sleep, and no one would bother me.
That I cannot.
You know what I want. I want the secret of true magic, how to thicken the stuff of dreams and wishes with the flesh of the world.
Maybe... maybe...
The deepest secrets, the forbidden formulas...
I showed you all my conjuring tricks...
Shh... yes, yes. Sit with me, please... Morgana.
A lovestruck page!
No. Yes, I am. I am jealous. I want to write poems about you with moonbeams, make the sea sing your name...
It's clear you are, and it irks me.
I'm not jealous!
No, no, of course not. You are young...
Can it truly be used for magic?
It is.
Is that Mandrake, Lord Merlin?
You left your husband's side? You left your brother's wedding?
They are not weapons, my friend, but truths. You betrayed the Duke, stole his wife and took his castle, now no one trusts you. Lot, Uryens, your allies will turn against you. Give me the child, Uther, I will protect him. Go back to your war tent.
You strike me with words as hard as steel.
Maybe not even that, Uther. I thought once that you were the one to unite the land under one sword. But it'll take another, a greater king...
To kill and be king, is that all?
It's not for you, Uther, hearth and home, wife and child.
You didn't ask!
The oath. You didn't say--
The child is mine, Uther. I have come for him.
I?
Now you must pay me.
Doing what I did for you, it wasn't easy, you know. It takes it's toll. It took nine moons to get back my strength.
Merlin! Out of the sick sleep at last.
I swear it.
--What issues from your lust will be mine. Swear it again.
I swear it. By Excalibur and the holy--
Dumb riddles, Merlin. I am your King.
I have walked my way since the beginning of time. Sometimes I give, sometimes I take. It is mine to know which, and when.
One land, one king! That is my peace!
Behold the sword of power, Excalibur. Before Uther, it belonged to Lud, before Lud, to Beowulf, before Beowulf to Baldur the Good, before Baldur to Thor himself and that was when the world was young and there were more than seven colors in the rainbow.  Speak the words.
Just show the sword.
I should butcher all and every one of them. Merlin, what is this wagging of tongues?
Talk. Lovers murmuring to each other...
It's done. A truce. We meet at the river.
Fuck it.
What honey?
Hiding?
Shall we summon the writer? He's in Paris I believe.
Well why are they tearing the building down?
Well what's wrong?
C'mon I can read for Christ sake.
Why it's perfectly plain, your the teacher at the college, you don't want the building torn down.
Burke take a look at this damn thing it just doesn't make sense.
Ten maybe twelve years ago, in Africa. The exorcism supposedly lasted for months. I heard it damn near killed him.
I didn't know that.
It must be alright. He's still running around digging up tombs. Besides, he's had experience.
Don't you think he's too old, though? How's his health?
No, he's working on another book.
What's he doing there? Teaching?
That's right Mike. But he's finished and came back around three ot four months ago, He's in Woodstock now.
Merrin? I had notion he was over in Iraq. I think I read he was working on a dig around Nineveh.
How about Lankaster Merrin.
And what about the exorcist? Any ideas?
Well, he does know the background. I doubt there's any danger in just having him assist. There should be a psychiatrist present, anyway.
Thank you your excellency.
Let's see whose around. In the meantime I'll call you as soon as I know.
I see, your excellency.
It might be best to have a man with experience. Maybe someone who's spent time in the foreign missions.
Yes.
You'd want to do the exorcism yourself?
I don't know. No, not really I suppose. But I've made a prudent judgement that it meets the conditions set down in the Ritual.
You're convinced that it's genuine.
You're telling me that, I should take my daughter to a witch doctor? Is that it?
It's a stylized ritual in which rabbis or priests try to drive out the so-called invading spirit. It's pretty much discarded these days, except by the Catholics who keep it in the closet as a sort of embarrassment. It has worked, in fact, although not for the reason they think, of course. It was purely the force of suggestion. The victim's belief in possession helped cause it; and just in the same way this belief in the power of exorcism can make it disappear.
You're sorry. Christ, eighty-eight doctors and all you can tell me is all of your bullshit...
I'm sorry.
And I don't care what you call it! I'm not putting her away!
It's-
Look, I'm telling you again and you'd better believe it, I'm not about to put her in a goddamn asylum!
Quite frankly, we don't know much about it except that it's starts with some conflict or guilt that eventually leads to the patient's delusion that his body's been invaded by an alien intellegence; a spirit if you will.
Sure you won't change your mind?
Me too.
I'm gonna miss you.
Storage.
Phonograph.
What is it?
Where do you want this?
Of course I didn't.
This was under Regan's pillow. Did you put it there?
I can't believe it.
Oh Burke! Poor Burke!
We have to start looking for a shrink.
What did the doctor say?
Yeah, well I guess you should've.
Well, when I went to get the Thorazine I had him to stay with her and... Oh, I should of known better.
What's Burke got to do with it?
Burke.
Didn't who tell me?
What didn't he tell you?
What the hell do you mean going out and leaving Regan by her self! What are you kidding her window's wide open...
Why don't you let me?
Oh circuit my ass, he doesn't give a shit!
Maybe the circuit is busy?
Hello? Yes this is Mrs. MacNeil. Operator you have got to be kidding I have been on this line for twenty minutes.  Jesus Christ, can you believe this, he doesn't even call his daughter on her birthday for christ sake.
No kidding.
Just five or six people.
Your kidding me. What is it a big party or something?
Dinner at the White House.
What's this?
And you got an invitation.
Oh great, anything else?
Here.
Oh not to bad, kinda like the Walt Disney version of the Ho Chi Minh story, but other than that it was terrific.
Hi, how'd your day go?
Hi
In here!
Hello?
You're a nice man.
Thank you.
Really? wow.
I lied. It's for me. The spelling is on the back, Kinderman. You know that film you made called Angel? Isaw that six times.
What's her name?
Oh, she'd love it.
Of course. Have you got a pen?
I hate to ask you this but... for my daughter could you maybe give an autograph?
Couldn't hurt. In the meantime...
When she's well enough, I'll ask.
I know that. I realize. But if a certain British doctor never asked "What's this fungus?" we wouldn't today have penicillin. Correct?
Look, he wouldn't have any reason to be up there in the first place.
Incidentally, just a chance in a million, I know; but your daughter - you could possibly ask her if she saw Mr. Dennings in her room that night?
Please.
Would you like some more coffee?
Never mind.
Want to ask him?
Oh, I see.
I really wouldn't know, you see Karl takes care of that.
Groceries maybe? A package?
Not that I know of.
You were expecting a deliver y that day?
No. Not at all,
Strange...strange...so baffling. The deceased comes to visit, stays only twenty minutes, and leaves all alone a very sick girl. And speaking plainly Mrs. MacNeil, as you say, it's not likely he would fall from a window. Besides that, a fall wouldn't do to his neck what we found except maybe a chance in a thousand. My hunch? My opinion? I believe he was killed by a very powerful man: point one. And the fracturing of the skull - point two - plus the various things I have mentioned, would make it very probable - probable, not certain - that the deceased was killed and then pushed from your daughter's window. But no-one was here except your daughter. So how could this be? It could be one way: if someone came calling between the time Miss Spencer left and the time you returned. The servants, they have visitors?
Watch out for drafts. A draft in the fall when the house is hot is a magic carpet for bacteria.
We still don't know.
May I ask...?
Yes, I'm affraid it is.
It's serious?
No, she was heavily sedated.
Does your daughter remember if perhaps Mr. Dennings was in her room in her room that night?
No thanks Karl.
Excuse me Madame? Will there be anything else?
What man?
A man to see you.
What!
Excuse me Miss?
No. It wasn't me. I didn't.
Karl if you put this in Regan's room I want you to tell me, now did you?
She is going to be well?
Karl? Did you put this in Regan's bedroom?
Karl!!
Bastard! I will kill you.
No rats. Thanks a lot that's terrific.
Very sorry, but you see, no rats!
Oh Karl, Jesus Christ Karl, don't do that.
There is nothing.
Well don't go now Karl the stores aren't open yet.
Yes, I go now.
Yeah or maybe rats now will you just get those traps.
I just heard them Karl.
No. No rats.
All right then we've got clean rats.
But it's clean?
Uh huh. 'Fraid so.
Rats?
Good morning Karl. Oh Karl, we've got rats in the attic you better get some traps.
Good morning Madame.
Yes, I think so.
Is it coming out Willie?
That's good.
Fine thank you.
How are you today?
Good morning Mrs. MacNeil.
Morning.
I think it's time we started looking for a psychiatrist.
No. I'm building a new house, the old one's been sold. I was going to take Regan to Europe for a while, after she finished school here. Why d'you ask?
Are you planning to be home soon? LA, I mean.
Well of course I'm sure. I'd tell you. Christ, I don't even smoke grass.
Are you sure?
No. Of course not, nothing like that.
Do you keep any drugs in your house?
Oh. What are you talking about for Christ sake! Did you see her or not? She's acting like a fucking out of her mind psychotic or a split personality or...
We still think the temporal lobe...
What was going on in there, how could she jump off the bed like that?
She's heavily sedated. She'll probably sleep through tomorrow.
Don't be alarmed. If it's a lesion in a way she's fortunate. All we have to do is remove the scar.
Hey do me a favour will ya'. Tell me something good.
The temperal lobe is very common. Could last for days, even weeks. It isn't rare to find destructive or even criminal behaviour.
Look doc, I really don't understand how her whole personality could change.
Lesion, Lesion in the temperal lobe. It's a kind of seizure disorder.
So, what causes this?
Mrs. MacNeil the problem with your daughter is not her bed, it's her brain.
Oh no, that was no spasm. I got on the bed, the whole bed was thumping and rising off the floor and shaking. The whole thing, with me on it!
The shaking of the bed, that's doubtless due to musuclar spasms.
Convulsion?
Well, It's a symptom of a type of desturbance in the chemico- electrical activity of the brain. In the case of your daughter in the temperal lobe, up here in the lateral part of the brain. It's rare, but it does cause bizarre hallucinations and usually just before a convulsion.
The best explanation is always the simplest one. Let's wait. Let's wait and see. In the meantime try not to worry.
Yeah, I guess. Maybe not. You don't think a psychiatrist-?
She used those words. Look, I doubt that she even understood what she was saying.
She used those words?
Well, specifically, Mrs. MacNeil, she advised me to keep my fingers away from her goddam cunt.
Hey, come on, I'm grown-up. What'd she say? I mean specifically, Doctor.
Well, what, for example? I mean, give me a for instance!
Well, I'd say her vocabulary's rather extensive.
You're kidding! Like what?
Well, she let loose quite a string while I was examining her, Mrs. MacNeil.
Wait a minute. What are you talking about?
Well, you see, that's quite similar to things like her lying- uncharacter-
Never.
Have you ever known your daughter to swear and use obscenities?
Ya know, those things to get attention, like saying that her bed shakes and stuff.
Lies?
And those lies she's been telling?
Oh no. I'd wait and see what happens with the Ritalin. I think that's the answer. Wait two or three weeks.
Do you think I should take her to see a psychiatrist?
Well, you mentioned her father... the divorce.
Depression?
Her condition isn't quite what it seems. Nobody knows the cause of her hyperkinetic behaviour in a child. The Ritalin sems to work to relieve the condition, but we really don't know how or why, frankly. Your daughter's symptoms could be an overreaction to depression- but that's out of my field.
Stimulant? She's higher than a kite right now!
A stimulant.
What is it? A tranquilizer?
Now this is for Ritalin. Ten miligrams a day.
It affects concentration.
Why the math?
A disorder of the nerves. At least we think it is. We don't know yet exactly how it works, but it's often seen in earl adolescence. She shows all the symptoms: the hyperactivity; the temper; her performance in math.
No.
Is she gonna die?
Father?
Yes. He's already here.
She killed Burke Dennings. She pushed him out of the window.
What?
She...killed Burke Dennings.
Holy water's blessed. And that doesn't help support a case for possession.
What's the difference?
I told Regan that was holy water, I sprinkled some on her and she reacted very violently. It's tap water.
Well I think you should.
No
Have you told him what's happening?
In Europe.
Where's Regan's father?
It's fine really, sit.
Are you sure?
No it's alright I'll take it straight.
What do you drink?
Please.
Wanna drink.
It's not important good night.
Not at all. Why d'you ask?
No, is Regan aware of it?
Yes I did, I'm sorry.
Did you know my mother died recently?
No.
Did Regan know a priest was coming over?
You show me Regan's double: same face, same voice, same everything. I'd know it wasn't Regan. I'd know in my gut and I'm telling you that that thing upstairs isn't my daughter! And I want you to tell me that you know for a fact that there's nothing wrong with my daughter except in her mind! You tell me you know for a fact that an exorcism wouldn't do any good! You tell me that!
There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte. You ask me what I think is best for your daughter. Six months, under observation in the best hospital you can find.
I thought you were supposed to be an expert.
I don't know. I'll have to look it up.
What else?
Like her speaking in a language that she's never known or studied.
Like what?
I can't do it. I need evidence that the church would accept as signs of possession.
Nothing you could do would make it any worse.
Thanks. Look, I'm only against the possibility of doing your daughter more harm than good.
Oh, will you help her! Just help her!
No, you don't understand. Your daughter-
Not a psychiatrist! She needs a priest! She's already seen every fucking psychiatrist in the world and they sent me to you, now you're gonna send me back to them! Jesus Christ, won't somebody help her!
Yes I could, I could see her as a psychiatrist...
Could you see her?
No I couldn't, I have to have church approval, and frankly, that's rarely given,-
You could do it yourself...
Well before the church approves an exorcism, it conducts an investigation to see if it's warranted. That takes time. In the meantime...
But how?
To begin with it could make things worse.
Why, I don't understand?
That's all the more reason to forget about exorcism.
Yeah well, it just so happens that somebody very close to me is probably possessed, and needs an exorcist.
Since we learned about mental illness, paranoia, schizophrenia. All the things they taught me in Harvard. Mrs. MacNeil since the day I joined the Jesuits, I've never met one priest who has performed an exorcism, not one.
Oh yeah, since when?
Well it just doesn't happen anymore Mrs. MacNeil.
I didn't get you?
Well, the first thing I'd do is put them into a time macine and send them back to the sixteenth century.
If a person was possessed by a demon of some kind, how do you go about getting an exorcism?
I beg your pardon?
And how do you go about getting an exorcism?
No I wouldn't. But I'd try to persuade him to turn himself in.
You wouldn't.
If he came to me for spritual help, I'd say no.
I mean, what if a person, let's say, was a criminal, like maybe a murderer or something, you know? If he came to you for help, would you have to turn him in?
The priest.
On what?
That depends.
Priests keep pretty tight mouthed then?
He didn't mention her.
Didn't tell you of what she did?
No.
He didn't mention?
No I didn't know you had one.
About my daughter?
Sure did.
Did he tell you about my party?
Pretty close.
Pretty close?
Yes am.
You're a friend of Father Dyer, right?
Harvard, Bellevue, John Hopkins.
Where?
It's the other way around. The society sent me through med school.
So, how'd a shrink ever get to be a priest?
Yeah, it would've helped. Have you gotta cigarette Father?
That's okay. I should've told you I wouldn't be in uniform.
Oh, I'm very sorry Father. Hi.
I'm Father Karras.
Please go away.
Chris MacNeil?
Hi Father.
Honey this is Father Dyer.
All done.
Make it stop,it really hurts! Mother! Make it...
So something please Doctor, Help her!
Mother please! Oh please mother make it stop! It's burning, it's burning please mother!
Honey it's to help you.
I don't want it.
Make it stop! What's wrong!! I'm scared!!!
Oh my God!
Oh, honey.
My bed was shaking, I can't get to sleep.
What are you doing here?
God gets lonesome for us, Rags. He wants us back.
Why does God let us get tired?
People get tired.
Okay.
Cause Burke and I are just friends. Okay, really.
How do you know?
Well your thinking's not so good.
I don't know, I just thought.
Oh you did. What did you hear?
Well I heard differently.
Oh Regan I love your daddy. I'll always love your daddy. Burke just comes around here a lot because he's lonely, don't got nothin' to do.
Do you not like him like daddy?
Course I like him, I like pizzas to but I'm not gonna marry one.
But you like him.
Where'd you ever get an idea like that?
What?
Oh my god, you kidding, me marry Burke Dennings don't be silly, of course not.
Your not gonna marry him are you?
Yeah I like him. Don't you like him? Hey what's going on? What is this?
You like him.
Well thank you very much but why on earth would I want to bring Burke on your birthday?
Well you know it's okay.
Mr. Dennings?
You can bring Mr. Dennings if you like.
I love you Rags. We'll have a good day yeah?
Oh I love you.
Okay. And tomorrow night, I'll take you to a movie, okay?
Yeah
Well what would you like to do? Got any ideas?
I don't know
What are we gonna do on your birthday, isn't that nice it's on a Sunday this year, what can we do?
Oh you wouldn't talk, well I didn't have my make up man there.
I wouldn't talk.
It's not even a good picture. Looks to mature.
Cause I like it.
Regan, why are you reading that?
You think?
Well, maybe he's sleeping.
Captain Howdy, Do you think my mom's pretty? Captain Howdy? Captain Howdy that isn't very nice.
Here I'll show you.
Oh I bet he is.
He's nice.
Oh, Captain Howdy....
You know, I make the questions and he does the answers.
Who's Captain Howdy?
Captain Howdy.
Captain who?
No I do, Captain Howdy said no.
You really don't want me to play huh?
Oh yeah, well let's both play.
No you don't. I do it all the time.
Wait a minute you need two.
Here I'll show you.
You know how?
Yeah.
You've been playing with it?
The closet
Where?
I found it.
Hey, where'd this come from?
Oh it's so funny.
You like it?
Oh look at that.
We'll see Regan.  Now about those party invitations.......
When can I have one?
We'll see when we get home okay.
Oh............
Well, not while we're in Washington.
Your kidding?
Think it was a guilding. It was grey. Oh it was so beautiful, the guy let me ride it all around.
Really, what kind was it a mair or guilding?
Oh mom, you should have seen this man came along on this beautiful grey horse.  Wasn't it pretty?
Well, me and Sharon played a game in the back yard, and we had a picnic down by the river.
What kind of stuff?
Um........Stuff.
What did you do today?
Okay.
Goodbye Father. I call you.
That's good.
She doesn't remeber a thing.
Listen, I don't need any encouragement, but my idea of heaven is a solid white night club, with me as the head liner, for all eternity and they love me.
Yeah, don't stop. Keep going.
Hi Chris. Great party.
That's his office back of St. Mike's. He's our psychiatric counsellor. He had a pretty rough knock last night poor guy, his mother passed away. She was living by herself and I guess she was dead a couple of days before they found her.
Karras.
Damien Karras.
What goes down there? I mean who's the priest I keep seeing, he's there all the time. He has black hair and he's very intense looking?
St. Mike's.
Over behind the church, you know where I mean over there, it's a red brick wing?
What we missed in the EEG and the arteriogram could conceivably turn up there. At the least, it would eliminate certain other possibilities.
Oh, Christ.
A pneumoencephelogram, I would think, pin down that lesion. It will involve another spinal.
So what's next?
There haven't been more than a hundred authenticated cases of so- called split personality, Mrs. MacNeil. Now I know the temptation is to leap to psychiatry, but any reasonable psychiatrist would exhaust the somatic possibilities first.
So what's wrong with her?
Pathological states can induce abnormal strength, accelerated motor performance. For example, a ninety-pound women sees her child pinned under the wheel of a truck, runs out and lifts the wheels half a foot up off the ground. You know the story, same thing here. Same principle, I mean.
Stealing is a sin.
Goodnight Dims.
No, I tell fortunes by reading the crease, now shut up and go to sleep.
Are you gonna steal my shoes now?
Think you can sleep?
There was nothing you could do. Lye down. C'mon.
Oh Christ! I should of been there and I wasn't there, I should've been there.
College president shouldn't drink. Tends to set a bad example, I figure I saved them from a big temptation.
I believe you.
I stole it.
Where'd you get it then?
That's an insult, I got a vow of poverty.
Where'd you get the money for the Chivas Regal? The poor box?
No.
Another one. Had your lunch?
I've seen it.
Heathcliff, Jackie Gleason, and in the role of Catherine Earnshaw, Lucille Ball.
Who's in it?
Withering Heights.
What's playing.
I get passes. In fact I got a pass for The Crest tomorrow night. Would you like to go?
Sure.
Do you like films?
Good bye.
Ah, that's good. That's all that's important. Back to business. Back to work. Bye now, Father.
She seemed fine.
How's the girl?
You just missed them.
I came to say goodbye.
Lieutenant?
Uoy era ohw.
I am no one! I am no one! He is a priest!
Merrin! Merrin!
Uoy era ohw.
I am no one! I am no one! He is a priest!
Tseirp a si eh! Eno on ma I! Eno on ma I! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
Who are you?
Ydob eht ni mraw si ti! Uoy ees I! Tseirp a si eh! Emit su evig! Nirrem! Nirrem!
Holy water.
What's that?
Until she rots and lie stinking in the earth.
How long are you planning to stay in Regan?
La plume de ma tante.
Quod nomen mihi est?
Bon Jour.
Quod nomen mihi est?
Ego te abslovo.
You speak Latin?
In time. But mirabile dictu, don't you agree?
No now.
In time.
Do it again.
Uh Huh.
Did you do that?
You and us.
You and Regan?
It would bring us together.
But wouldn't that drive you out of Regan?
Intensely.
You'd like that?
What an excellent day for an exorcism.
He broke the bread, gave it to his disciples and said "Take this, all of you and eat. For this is my body." When the supper had ended, he took the cup, again he gave you thanks and praise. Gave the cup to his disciples and said "Take this, all of you will drink from it, this is the cup of blood, the blood of the new and ever lasting covenant and the mystery of faith".
If that's true, then you must know my mother's maiden name. What is it?
Your mother's in here with us Karras, would you like to leave a message? I'll see that she gets it.
Show me Regan and I'll loosen one of the straps.
In here. With us.
Where's Regan?
That's much to vulgar a display of power Karras.
If you're the devil, why not make the straps disappear?
And I'm the Devil! Now kindly undo these straps!
I see. Well then let's introduce ourselves, I'm Damien Karras.
I'm not Regan.
I'm affraid you might hurt yourself Regan.
You might loosen the straps then.
Hello Regan. I'm a friend of your mother, I'd like to help you.
Momma, I'm all right, I'm fine, really I am.
You are not happy. Tell me what is the matter?
No momma.
Dimmy, you worry for something?
Momma I can take you somewhere to a place where you wouldn't be alone. There'd be people around, you know you won't have to sit here listening to the radio.
Okay
Now momma you have to stay off it, you can't keep go up and down those stairs you have to give it rest.
No.
Is that too tight?
Last month.
Oh really, when?
Your Uncle John stopped by to visit me.
How's your leg?
I'm all right.
Don't listen.
You're not my mother!!!
She'll go into coma.
Can you give her something?
Her heart.
What is it?
I think the point is to make us dispair... To see our selves as... animal and ugly... To reject the possibillity that God could love us.
Why this girl it makes no sense?
... upon this your servant, Regan Teresa MacNeil.
Shut up!!
Defender of the human race...
Amen.
And also with you.
The Lord be with you.
And let my cry come unto thee.
See the cross of the Lord. Be gone you hostile power. O'Lord hear my prayer.
Amen
...and the power to confront this cruel demon.
And let my cry come unto thee.
Father Karras? Father Karras? Damien? The reponse please Damien!
O'Lord hear my preyer.
Amen
...and to redeem through your son. Who lives and reigns with you, in the unity of the holy spirit, God forever and ever.
Let us pray. Holy Lord, almighty Father, everlasting God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who once and for all consigned that fallen tyrant to the flames of hell. Who sent your only begotten son into the world to crush that roaring lion.
And also with you.
The Lord be with you.
And let my cry come unto thee.
And the son of iniquity be powerless to harm her.
Let the enemy have no power over her.
In the face of the enemy.
Be unto her o' Lord a fortified tower.
Who places her trust in thee, my God.
Save your servant
As it was in the begin is now and ever shall be, world without end, amen.
Save me o' God by thy name, by thy might defend my cause, proud men have risen up against me, men of violence seek my life, but God is my helper, the Lord sustains my life and every need he has delivered to me, glory be to the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
But deliver us from the evil one.
Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation.
There's only one.
I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested. So far, there seems to be three. She's convinced-
We may ask what is relevant, but anything beyond that is dangerous. He is a liar, the demon is a liar. He will lie to confuse us. But he will also mix lies with the truth to attack us. The attack is psychological , Damien. And powerful. So don't listen, remember that, do not listen.
Why?
Do you want to hear the background of the case, first?
I would like you to go quickly over to the resdence Damien, and gather up a cassock for myself, two surplices, a purple stole, and some holy water, and your copy of The Roman Ritual. The Large one. I believe we should begin.
No.
I could have you deported, you know that?
The Dominicans. Go pick on them.
Who?
Alright. You know who I think really did it?
Answer the question, Father Paranoia.
Come on!
One last time: Can you think of some priest who fits the bill?
I've seen it.
Who's in it? Debbie Reynolds, Desdemona, and Othello, Groucho Marx. You're happy?
Who's in it?
Yeah, I hate to go alone. You know, I like to talk film; discuss the critique. D'you wanna see a film with me? I got passes to The Crest. It's Othello.
That's to bad.
I get passes to the best shows in town. Mrs. K though, she gets tired and never likes to go.
Very much.
Hey, Father? You like movies?
Incidentally I mention only in passing that I could tell the judge that it was a matter of confession.
No, I mentioned it only in passing.
Is that a threat?
Not to bother you with trivia, but a psychiatrist in sunny California was thrown in jail for not telling the judge what he knew about a patient.
No I probably wouldn't.
Ah, doctor's ethics. If you knew you wouldn't tell, huh?
I don't know anyone who fits the description.
Look, Father this is hard for you- please. But for priests on the campus here, you're the psychiatrist; you'd know who was sick at the time, who wasn't. I mean this kind of sickness. You'd know that.
Sick priest, is that it?
Maybe somebody crazy, someone with a spite against the church, some unconscious rebellion, perhaps.
You think the killer and the desecrator are the same?
Exactly. So on the one hand we've got a witchcraft type of murder and a Black Mass style of desecration in the church.
Unlikely.
It's possible. Possible however
Couldn't it of happened on the fall.
Let me tell you how Father, and please confidential. Burke Dennings, good Father, was found at the bottom of those steps leading to 'M' Street, with his head turned completely around. Facing backwards.
Yeah, a fall.
And Dennings, you read how he died?
Maybe. Some rituals used in Black Mass. Maybe.
I know. I read it. These desecration's in the churchyou think they have anything to do with witchcraft?
From the psychiatric end.
Really?
I once did a paper on it
Papers. Tell me, what do you know about the subject of witchcraft? From the witching end, not the hunting.
Only what I read in the papers.
You've seen him. You're also familiar with how last week he died?
I've seen him.
You this director was doing a film here, Burke Dennings?
Always.
Do people tell you look like Paul Newman?
Yeah, it's true. You do look like a boxer. John Garfield, in Body and Soul. Exactly John Garfield anyone told you that Father?
What's this about?
William F. Kinderman. Homicide.
No we haven't met, but they said I could tell; that you looked like a boxer.
Have we met?
You killed your mother!!! You left her alone to die!!!! She'll never forgive you!!! Bastard!!!
...look down in pity...
...from this creature of God!!!
Fuck him Karras!!! Fuck him!!!
...Be gone!!
Fuck him!!!
...in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ!!! It is he who commands you! He who flung you from the heights of Heaven to the depths of hell!
Shove it up your ass you faggot!
I cast you out!!! Unclean spirit...!
Bastards! Stop!
Almighty Lord, word of God the father Jesus Christ, God and Lord of all creation, who gave to your holy apostle the power to tramp underfoot serpents and scorpions. Grant me, your unworthy servant pardon for all my sins...
O'Lord hear my prey.
Your mother sucks cocks in hell Karras, you faithless slime!
Be silent!
Stick your cock up her ass! You mother fucking, worthless cocksucker!
Are you tired?
MERRIN!!!!!!!
Just a minute.
Yes I am her brother, he's the son
Are you a relative?
Yes
Do you have an appointment?
We want to see Mrs. Karras.
Yes?
Miss?
Yes.
If he talks to me, I think he'll leave you. Do you want him to leave you?
I'm afraid.
Why not?
No.
If I ask him to tell me, will you let him answer?
I don't know.
Is it Captain Howdy?
I don't know.
Who is it?
Sometimes.
Is there someone inside you?
Twelve.
How old are you?
Yes.
Are you comfortable Regan?
No.
Give me the keys.
It's our goddamn car!
It's my goddamn car!
You're not going to drive!
Give me the keys!
You're not going to drive.
Give me the keys.
It wasn't half full out there tonight, Frankie. I got six waiters standing in back listening to baseball.  I gotta move the liquor. To move the liquor, I gotta fill the tables. It's a matter of economics.  Me, I love you. I love both you guys, you know that. You're class.  But people today. They don't know class if it walks up and grabs 'em by the balls.
Vacation?  Christ, Charlie, it's a Monday night. You said so yourself.
So maybe it's time we took a vacation from each other.
So?
Right, twelve years.  Couple times a month.
Twelve years.
Look, Frankie.  You and Jack been playing here, a long time.
What're you saying, Charlie?
It's all there.  Both nights.
I've got the grands for two nights, Charlie.  You can't just --
We don't need you, Frankie.
What about tomorrow?
Take it now.
Now?  Why not tomorrow?  After the show.
Your pay.
What's this?
Mondays.
Little slow tonight.
Yeah, come on in.
You wanted to see me, Charlie?
Frankie.
Suit yourself.
Just the same.
We have some lotion.
Maybe next time.
Too bad.  You could use some sun. Really.
Oh. No. Strictly dryland.
Swimming trunks.
Trunks?
Frank.
Where are our kids? Has he got one of them in there?
Honey ...
You believe this?  The kid won't come out.  I'm playing 'Camptown Races' for him and the next thing I know he's locked himself in the bathroom. There's nothing sharp in there, is there?
Honey ...
You bring trunks, Jack?
Well, look at this.
I'll take her inside.  You too, little Frank.  Out of the pool.
Nothing's the matter. Is it, sweetheart?
The sooner we do this the better, Mr. Baker.
I think maybe I'll bring him back next week ...
Don't worry, Mr. Baker.  We'll knock him out. He won't feel a thing.
What do you do to him?
No bones.
No bones?
Start him out on cottage cheese. If you've got him on kibble, just soak it a few minutes.  Go down like pudding through a hot pipe.
How will he eat?
Decay unfortunately doesn't limit itself to the denture, Mr. Baker. It spreads into his chest. Then the heart goes. We wouldn't want that, would we?
Isn't there something you can give him?  A pill or something?
Five's my guess.  Maybe more. Won't know till I get in there.  Leave him now and you can pick him up in the morning.
How many?
They gotta go.
Uh-oh.  That's not good.  Let's get him up here.
They're falling out.
What's wrong with them?
Teeth.
What's our friend's problem?
Baker.
Beasley.
I don't see any ladies here. Except maybe you.
You're a real tough guy when the ladies are around, aren't you, Ace?
Go fuck yourself.
Come on, friend.  I can smell it on you. Get yourself a cup of coffee.  You'll forget what you're angry about.
Get your hand off me.
What do you say we go for a walk, pal.
The fire.  The way we're going we'll be lucky to buy a carton of jockstraps, let alone a new gym.
Accident?
Knee.  Tore it up against St. Anthony's.  Right before the accident.
What's wrong with the kid?
Oh.
My brother and I. One each.
Two at a time?
Piano.
Oh.  What do you do?
No.
You the magician?
Wait.  Watch.  Here comes Dad.
Oh, look at you two.  So skinny. And those tiny suits ...
I had a boy down at the camera shop cut them all together.  Boy, old man Henderson didn't fool around when he gave a haircut, did he, Jack?
Oh no!
In the attic.  Behind some of Dad's stuff.  Look, Jack can hardly reach the pedals.
I thought these were lost. Where did you find ...
Recognize these two characters?
Oh my God ...
Catholics.  What do you expect? Oh, well, what's in a name, right? Let's go inside and have a look at that cake.
Uh ... yeah, well, you know, Ma, John Kennedy went by Jack.
Yes, yes.  It's just that John is so much nicer. Jack sounds so ... crude. When I was a little girl, we had a pig on the farm named Jack. I guess I just can't help making the association.
Twenty years, Ma ...
I thought maybe held gotten over that.
Uh, Ma, you know, no one calls him that anymore. Jack. He goes by Jack.
A little stiffer, but just as sturdy.
How's the birthday girl?
Well, if it isn't the fabulous Baker Boys!
My pleasure.
Tag 'em, Willie.  The Regency downtown, Thursday-Friday.  Thanks.
Two nights.
What's the gig?
Wednesday next. Frank looks across the room at Jack.
When they coming in?
Out.
What happened to the two Clays, Willie?
I told Halloran we didn't do vocals, but he said:
She asked for it.
Christ, that's right.  How could I forget.  What a nightmare.
Daughter's.  Sweet sixteen.
Right.  It was someone's birthday. Halloran?
Five years ago.  November.
Jesus, when was the last time we played the Mallory?
Yeah.
Yeah.  Larry Shelton.  Blackie.  Couple others. Donna said even Lloyd called the other day. Nothing like a little absence to make the heart grow fonder, huh?
Yeah?
Charlie called.
I can keep the beat.
I mean, you can play.  You're okay.
Yeah, I know.  Me, too.
You know, that night, I ... It just all came up.
Oh. Fine.  It was nothing.  Couple sore knuckles.  Nothing.
How're your hands?
This'll kill 'em.
Looks like these got a few years on them.
Good choice.
I'll take the Mallory.
Hey, what do you know.  Looks like we can have that drink after all.  What's your pleasure?  We got the downtown Ramada. We got the Travelodge on Route 41. And ... the Mallory.
Oh, yeah, right.  I forgot.
No, it's not that.  I ... can't drink from the bottle.  I ... gag.
Bought it on the way over.  Clean as a nun.
No.
Go ahead.
Sure.
There's not going to be a viewing. I figured with the kids and all ...
Yeah, fine.
I set it for Wednesday.  The ceremony.  They're doing the stone today.  It's okay?  Wednesday?
Right.
Oh. Yeah.  It was all worked out before, you know. She and Dad had taken care of it.
Is everything done?  The arrangements, I mean.
Later.
Uh, we already boxed some things.  I figured you'd want to go through Dad's stuff.  It's in there. If you want to get started.
Oh ... I was just hoping for something to drink.  But it seems the old lady was dry. Not even a bottle of cooking sherry.
What're you doing?
I didn't hear you come in.
Who's weak now, big brother?
Jack!
No, fuck you.  And fuck him too. Fuck the both-of you.
Fuck you.
That's right.  I wasn't there.  I don't have the luxury of being a witness to tragedy.
You weren't there.
No, let's stay on it.  I'm sick and tired of watching you make him up into some kinda god. For Christ sake, Jack, he died doing a stupid bullshit jig.  He left a wife and two sons.  He wasn't a hero.  He was a fool.
Stay off it.
Dignity?  Who the hell are you to talk about dignity?
What's happening to you, Frank?  You been kissing ass so long you're starting to like it?  You let that guy turn us into clowns tonight.  We were always small time, but we were never clowns, Frank. What's happened to your dignity?
It wasn't professional, Jack.  It was a stunt. A stupid-ass stunt.
What?
I'm sorry.  I should've checked it out.  I screwed up.  But that doesn't mean you walk out in the middle of a gig.
Basketballs, Frank.  You had us playing for basketballs.
Look.  I didn't know when we were going to be on until yesterday.  What was I supposed to do? I had the pianos anyway.
What-are you?  A fucking moron? It's three o'clock in the morning, Frank.  Who's watching?  Your wife? Maybe you can get us a gig playing Little Frank's birthday party. What do you think?
Shut up, Frank.
Jack, you're on television.
What?
We're playing for a goddamn gymnasium!
What?
Are you kidding me?  Are you fucking kidding me?
We're on after Meadowlark.  What's wrong?
A channel. It's just a little further down the dial, that's all. Look, it's publicity.  Publicity's publicity.  Right?
Seventy-one?  What's seventy-one?
Seventy-one
What channels it on?
It's a disease, Jack.  We're against it. It's not a moral decision.
You don't know?
I don't know.
What disease?
I don't know. Some disease.
What's it for?
I told you, Jack.  It's a telethon. No one gets a cent.
Nothing. We get nothing.
No.
We're not getting paid then.
Twenty-eight years.
You know, my brother and I have been playing together, gosh, I don't know.  Jack?
Better give her pneumonia.
You want to know how much I got tied up in deposits with Willie?  We're in for three weeks solid, Jack.
Cancel, Frank.
Just until we find another girl.
What're you doing?
I play two hundred nights a year with you, Frank. How much more reasonable you expect me to be?
Be reasonable, Jack.
I mean maybe you should check with us before you go off and book us a month in advance.
What do you mean?
I can't make the tenth.
What?
The tenth's out.
That takes care of this week.  The tenth we got the Sheraton, the sixteenth we're at the Capri.
Maybe so.  You ever go back there?  Where it happened.
You're making things up, Frank.
I could've.  But he didn't want me to.
You could've come.
Yeah, but he told you things.  He never told me anything.  Even though I was the oldest. It was always you two, running off, doing things together.
It was just a can of beer, Frank.
It was like you'd passed some test, you know?
He was just having fun.
Yeah, and you drank yours like it was orange juice. He loved that about you.
You always threw up.
I always think of him on New Year's. How he used to pour us each half a can of beer. Remember?
Yeah.
God, the old man would've loved this view, wouldn't he?
I told you.  It's a useless talent.
Not for me.  I still have to look at the music sometimes, you know that?  Otherwise, I forget. I just forget.  But you.  You never forget. Ever.  So how come you couldn't remember Ma's birthday?
They were simple songs.
Drove me crazy when we were kids. The way you never looked at the music. Miss Simpson would just play it and ...
A useless talent.
Right.  It's incredible how you do that.  Remember things.
April.
February?
Couple years.
Right.  The Royal.  When's the last time we were there?
The Royal.
A gift.  Courtesy of our courteous hotel manager, Mr. Daniels.  We, dear brother, are a fucking smash.  Yup.  They want us back.  Easter.  It seems they have this egg hunt every year.  Only not for kids. Adults.  They stuff these plastic eggs with Timexes and little certificates for free Mai Tais and everyone has a grand time crawling around on the front lawn.  Then afterwards, they have a dance.  An egg dance.  Everyone comes dressed in a different colored shell and at the end of the evening they crack themselves open.  It's our job to separate the yolks from the whites. Slippery business.
Expensive hangover.
No, you're wrong.  It's just beginning. Come on, have a drink. Show your big brother how it's done.
The party's over.
Celebrating.  Join me?
What're you doing down here?
You're a heavy sleeper, Frank. You've always-been a heavy sleeper.  Unlike me.
How come I didn't hear anything?
He had to come quickly.  It was a big leak.
He was wearing a suit.
We had a leak in the bathroom. He fixed it.
What are you talking about?
He's with the hotel.  I called him.
Huh?
You saw wrong.
We were just having a little discussion about morality.
What're you trying to do?  Wake up the whole goddamn hotel?
Thinking there's someone who looks like you, walking around the street somewhere.  Wonder if I saw him I'd think it was you?
What?
Funny, huh?
Dedications.  I came up with the idea on the road. See, every morning the maids drop one of these cards in each room.  The guest fills out the card, leaves it at the front desk, and that night we play it.  Daniels went crazy for the idea.  And that's not all.  Last night, after the nine o'clock, he corners me, right, and starts asking about our availability.  Like he wants to line something up. I think he's got a hard-on for Susie.
What the hell are these?
Yeah, well, she's our girl now.  I think we better keep an eye on her.  There's trouble there.  Hey, listen to this.  Ethel and Bert Lane. Married seventy-five years.  You believe that?
She's a big girl.
Just wonder what she's up to. I never see her.  Makes me nervous.
No. Why?
You haven't seen Susie, have you?
Time flies, huh?
Two hours ago!
They stopped serving two hours ago.
Half-hour.  Once I finish this octave I'm gonna get breakfast.  You see what's on the buffet?
How long you been at it?
Fine.
How's it coming?
Yes, really.  I don't want you to be unhappy, Jack.  If you say it's out of tune, it's out of tune.
Really.
What's it look like I'm doing? I'm tuning a goddamn piano.
What the hell are you doing?
It won't happen again.  Scout's honor.
How dare you say you love me.
I'm sorry, Frank.  All that talk about family. I just got emotional.
What's the matter with you?
I love you.  I just wanted to say it.
What?
Right.  I love you, Frank.
Thank you, thank you.  You know, Susie and Jack and I only just arrived here yesterday, but already the people here at the King Corporation's Moorish Manor have made us feel, well, a part of the family. And it's their hope that, before you leave, everyone of you will feel a part of that family also.  So, if during-the next few days, we should happen to pass one another in the hallway or in the lobby or wherever ... don't be a stranger. Stop.  Say hello.  Introduce yourself.  Because here, there are no strangers, only friends. And family.  Right, Jack?
Well, then stuff cotton in your ears, because come six o'clock we're gonna walk into that dining room with smiles on. Understand, little brother?
Because I can hear it.
What matters to me is we've got the six easiest nights we've had in ten years. So 'Tie a Yellow Ribbon' sounds a little flat. So what?  Nobody's gonna hear it, Jack.  Nobody. So why should you care?
Doesn't it matter to you?
No! I never hear it!  Maybe.  Sometimes.  I don't know. But I won't let it bother me.
Christ, can't you hear it?
What's the matter with you?  So the piano's a little out of tune.  So what?
No, that's your problem, Frank.  You get around one of these assholes and you turn into a fucking three-year-old.
Jack ... Jack ... You're acting like a kid.
Why don't we let Mr. Daniels tell us what he's trying to say.
I think what Mr. Daniels is trying to say, Jack, is --
Accommodate?  I don't think I know what you mean.
I don't know.  I mean, I always did it as a kid. I figured it was no big deal.  Is it?  A big deal?
Why would I mind?
Yeah.  You mind?
So you're gonna leave it on. Every night.  For a week.
Yeah.
We're gonna be here a week?
Yeah.
All night?
Yeah.
You leaving that on?
Right.
But if it doesn't work out, let me know.  I'm,flexible.
Good idea.
I just figure things'll go smoother, you know, if we have it all worked out from the beginning.
Okay.
We might as well do the towels the same way.
No, you take the right.
Unless you want the right.
Right.
I figure that way we won't get confused.
Okay.
I'm putting my stuff on the right, okay?
Good idea.  To Peggy Lee.
Have some more wine, Frank.
Not true.  Besides, Jack's the romantic.
He's drunk.
A few bars!
Frank asked if she'd sit in for a song, she said yes, and we did a few bars.
Pearls.  White gown.  Beautiful.
We were playing the lounge one night and she came in.
It was April.  April seventeenth. That one I remember.
She was staying at the Grand downtown ...
Come on, Jack.  It's not like it's the first time we've bunked together.  It'll be like when we were kids.  Relax.  Enjoy the view.
I thought we all had separate rooms.
We do.  She's got hers, we've got ours. Hey. Wash and Dries.
I thought we had separate rooms.
Sunday.
Last?
Day.  Wednesday.
First night?
November.  '71.
Two years ago.  March.
When's the last time we played a wedding, Jack?
All right, but if you change your mind, let me know.  I gotta go get Ma in the morning anyway.
Thanks, but I've got plans.
You want to come out to the house tomorrow? The way the bookings been piling up, Donna's decided to really lay it on.  Turkey, stuffing, the whole bit.  Kitchen's so full of food you can hardly move.  We could use another appetite.
Well, the line's growing weaker, little brother. Lucky for us there aren't any dragons left to slay.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, what can I say?  Dad must've had forty pounds on me. Jesus, you remember him being this big?
Very realistic.
So what do you think?
Just a lucky guess.
You recognized me.
Hey, Frank.
Right.
Okay I'll see you tomorrow night then.
Yeah, fine.
You all right?
You wanna get a drink?
Yeah ... Well, I gotta go.
Yeah.  Something.
Something, huh?  All those bids.
I'll take my chances.
Better take care of your fingers, little brother. Buy yourself a case of arthritis and you won't be able to play 'Chopsticks.'
That's it except for the first. We got the Sheraton, the Ambassador, or the Holiday Inn on Sixtieth.  All three-day turns.
Make it collect.
That's what I figure.  Probably have us in a bed-and-breakfast playing to the owls.
Sounds like a booking agent looking to book an easy fee.
And it's especially nice to be among friends tonight, because, well, tonight's a very special night for my brother and I. This evening we've asked a young lady to join us, a lady Jack and I are sure will soon seem like just another old friend to you all.  She's making her debut here this evening and, as far as I'm concerned, she couldn't be doing it in a better place. Because there's one place that's always been for us a very special place, and that place is this place, the Ambassador Lounge.  Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome a very special lady with a very special way of singing a song, Miss Susie Diamond.
Oh, brother.
Jack, for crying out loud.  Your bachelorhood's showing.  Ah, here we go.
How about these?
See anything?
Here, how's this?
No.
She's here.
I just wish she'd get here, that's all.
You're a fucking alarm clock.
All right, all right.  I'm a little tense.
I told you I was gonna hit you.
You hit me.
I'll hit you, Frank.  I swear.
It's not gonna hurt you.
Get out of here!
Come on, stand still.
Get out of here.
Yeah, well, Your's isn't.  Let me run a comb though it.
Awe inspiring.
Just like the day of the auditions, right?  Jesus.  How's my hair?
She'll get here.
I told everyone seven-fifteen. Didn't I? Seven-fifteen.
It's early.
Where the hell is she?
Okay?
I'll drop the eighths.
I suppose we can bring it down a little.
I didn't get her number.
What's the matter?
Okay, okay.  I'll call the girl.
How many other silent partners are there, Frank? Donna?  Little Cindy? Hell, let's give Eddie a vote.
Ma? Ma?  Was Ma there the last time we played the Ambassador?  Oh, that's right, she was on bass. How could I forget.
I was just thinking what Ma would think.
You're getting cold feet about this.
I don't know ... She had gum on her lip, for Christ sake. I don't think she's right for the act.
What's there to talk about?  She can sing. That puts her at the head of the class. That makes her the only one in the class.
I just thought we should talk about it.  Between ourselves.
What are you, crazy?
All right.  What's your name?
Let's get it over with.
Jack.
I just don't understand.  You would think someone ... anyone ...
It was a somewhat extraordinary day.
Thirty-seven girls. And not one who can carry a tune. That must be statistically impossible.
What?
Thirty-seven.  Thirty-seven.
It never was.
Two pianos isn't enough anymore, Jack.
You, Frank.  All these years you been telling me we're different.  We got novelty, Jack. No one can touch us.
What's that?
I thought maybe twenty percent. Look, with the additional bookings we'll come out ahead.  The big hotels, they want a pretty girl with a big voice. We have to stay competitive, Jack.
I'm grateful, Frank.  How much? For the singer.
I've tried to do well by you, Jack. By both of us.
Frank.  Fuck it.  Okay?
If you'd like to assume more of the financial responsibilities, I'd be glad --
I'm not unhappy.
If you're unhappy with the arrangement --
That's what we agreed.
We agreed that if I took care of the business; I'd be entitled to the extra. Isn't that what we agreed?
It's more like 40-60, wouldn't you say?
It's just an idea.  I want your opinion. I mean, we go halfway on everything, right?
Sure, why not.
I been thinking maybe we should make some changes.  I been thinking maybe we should take on a singer.
Talk.
Look, can we forget last night? We gotta talk.
Hey, you weren't there.  Right?
Yeah, and what put him up there?
A gust of wind killed him.
That how you see it?
Hey pal, I got a mortgage, all right? I got two kids. I got a wife. Besides, he made the deal. There's no shame in it.
What was it like?
No.
No?
It wasn't like that.
Bullshit.  Fifteen years, Frank. No one paid us off.
I told you.  Something came up. Some political dinner or something.
The hell you don't.
I don't know what you mean.
Charlie paid you off last night, didn't he?
You ask me out here to sell me your house, Frank?
Yeah ... we're gonna paint in the spring. After the rains.  Look good as new.
Terrific.
The trees.  The flowers.  Nice.
What?
Nice, huh?
Honey, it's only Uncle Jack.  You remember Uncle Jack.
Your doorbell doesn't work.
Jack.
Yeah, okay.
So you'll come out, right?
Something came up.  Don't worry, Charlie stayed true.  Both nights. I'll give you your share tomorrow. At the house.
What're you talking about?
We don't get a gig.
So talk to me tomorrow.  After the gig.
It's not family.  It's business.
I've had enough family for one month, Frank.
Yeah.  Listen ... come out to the house tomorrow, will ya?
Frank?
It's me.
Yeah?
Nothing.  Everything's great. Terrific.
What's with Charlie?
Her hands.  Like that.
What do you mean?
I made her nervous.
You'll see.
So what'd we get her?
Christ, Jack, it's her birthday.
You're thirteen months older than me, Frank. That might've meant something in the Apache clubhouse, but it don't cut too deep anymore.
Your older brother.
Says who?
You gotta go.
I don't gotta go.
This time you gotta go.
No, you gotta go 'cause if you don't get up there every couple weeks you feel guilty. I won't feel guilty, so I don't gotta go.
We gotta go, Jack.
So do I.
No, I mean it.
No thanks.
By the way, we gotta go see Ma tomorrow.
It's more than that.
It's only a ring.  Not a collar.
Funny.  Strike a bell?
Uh-uh.  How about you?  You seeing anyone?
What about that waitress at the Ambassador?
I'm not seeing anyone.  In particular.
Because I'm your brother.  Because I care about you. Because sometimes it seems like the most significant relationship in your life is with that goddamn dog of yours.
Why the interest?
Seeing anyone in particular?
Only on odd days.
Really.  You sleeping?
Thanks.
You look awful.
Trust me, you're not missing anything.
You know, I think it's been five years since I saw you eat anything. That's the God's truth.
Try the black Knable.
What do you think?
Yamaha white.  Nice.
What d'ya got?
What d'you say, Willie?  Tighten her up?
Bosen black.  Flat.
What d'ya got?,
Look, I just thought if you came out you might see what you're missing.
You got weird kids, Frank.
She didn't know what she was doing. You're too sensitive.
She threw a goddamn radio into the bathtub. How do you explain that?
Cindy.
It was no fucking accident, Frank. The little one ...
It was an accident.
They tried to electrocute me, Frank.
They don't.  They're always asking about you.
Only by relation.  Besides, they hate me, too.
You're their uncle.
I hate your kids, Frank.
Listen ... why don't you come out to the house this weekend.  Say hello to the kids. They've grown.
Maybe Thursday.  I hear the harpist at the Sheraton's got appendicitis.
So we on tomorrow night?
Fuck him.  Great.  Terrific.  Fuck him.
Fuck him.
This isn't the Pine Tree Inn on Route 81, Jack.
Fuck him.
You mind telling me what that was about in there? Was that planned? Or were you just bored and decided to get creative?
Count the fucking money, Frank.
Jack...
Count it.
Huh?
Count it.
Like an angel.
I mean it, Jack.  Behave.
Who's gonna make trouble?  Hey, amigo!
Don't make trouble, all right?
Of course, back then, things were a little different.  I was eight, Jack was seven, just about the only song we knew was 'My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean', and the only one who would listen to us was the family cat, Cecil.  We must have shaved three lives off that cat, eh, Jack?
Lotta water.
That's a lot of water under the bridge, eh, Jack?
Twenty-eight years, Frank.
You know, my brother and I have been playing together, gosh, I don't know.  How long has it been, Jack?
No one's gonna be looking at my hair.  Come on, we're on.
You look like you just crawled out of bed.
What's wrong with it?
Christ, will you look at your hair?
Frank.  I'm here.  I always get here.  Don't sweat it.
Jack.
Frank.
Jack.
You want me to show up late a few nights?
You cannot continue to walk in at the last moment, Jack.
What's the point?
That's not the point.
Am I late?
How we ... ? What, are you kidding me?
How we doing?
Great.  Terrific.  Glad you could make it.
All right.
Your limo's ready, Ma.
All right.
A cab?  Ma, come on.  My car's just a half block down.  You wait here.
Just call me a cab.
You sure?
No, we're not.  Jack?
No, no.  You boys are tired.
I guess you're,right.  Well, what do you say we get a little midnight snack? Theo's should still be open.
A few empty tables.  It's cozier. Besides, Mel Torme couldn't fill this place on a Wednesday night.
The audience was a little off tonight.
Thrilling.  Both of you.
So what'd you think?
Spur of the moment.
You should've told us you were coming, Ma. We would've come and got you.
What am I gonna do?  Put a record player out there?  Bad, Frankie.  Bad.
Look, Nick.  You want us to pack up, we'll pack up.
You got no right springing this on me, Frankie. It's unethical.
Doctor's orders.
So she's got a few sniffles.
The flu.
Sick?  How sick?
Well ... thanks.  Bye.
Yes, it is.
Oh, sorry.  I get so caught up in it sometimes.  It's scary.
Really?  Isn't that a coincidence.
Uh... he knows it.
It's one of Jack's favorites.
Candy Man.'  Is that all right?
Uh-huh.  Well, Miss Moran, what is it you'd like to do for us?
And if she asks what it's about, don't tell her. She's opposed to my career.
Right.
But if you call my house and my mother answers, ask for Blanche.  If you ask for Monica, she'll think you have the wrong number and hang up.
Well, that's fine --
No romance, right?  That's why I came up with Monica. It's what I prefer.
Blanche.
Moran.  Monica.  The whole thing. It's my stage name.  My real name's Blanche.
I'm sorry?
Actually, that's my stage name.
Uh ... Frank Baker.  This is my brother.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but when I saw you sitting here, I just had to come over.  Florence Simmons.
Catchy.  You have any previous entertainment experience, Miss Diamond?
Susie.  Susie Diamond.
What's that mean?  Thirty-eight.
Terrific.  Thirty-eight.
You find a girl?
Miss --
So run a little longer.
We ran long.
So if I'm so 'late how come you're still here?
You're an hour and a half late.
I don't believe it.  I come all the way down down here, break a heel, and you're not gonna give me a chance because I have gum on my lip and I'm a few minutes late.
Impersonally.
How should I take it?
Don't take it personally.
Just like that, huh?  You're not even gonna give me a chance?
Look, miss.  We're tired, you have gum on your lip, and we're going home.
This is show business?
Punctuality.  First rule of show business.
My watch is broken, too.
You're an hour and a half late.
What about me?
We're finished.
What do you mean?
This is where the auditions were.
This where the auditions are?
And two more times tomorrow night, and two more times the next night, and the next night and the next night and the next night.  Frank, I can't sing that fucking song anymore!
Susie.  It's one more show.  One more time.  That's all.
I'm gonna throw up, Frank.  I mean it. Let's drop it for the ten o'clock, okay?
What're you talking about?  They love it.
That song.  I can't sing it anymore. I'm gonna get sick.
What?
I can't sing it anymore.
Forget it.
Huh?
How about you?  Got a Bar Mitzvah this weekend?
Forget it.
I guess I ... If I jumped to...
I just saw a man walk out of your room!
Some discussion.
No. You listen.  I had my doubts about you from the beginning
Decency?  Hey listen, pal ...
In case you've forgotten, we're being paid to be here.  So it might be nice if you conducted yourself with a certain amount of decency.
Uh ...
I just saw a man walk out of your room.
Huh?
You want to tell me what the hell's going on?
Forget your tie, handsome ... Frank!
Someone needs to grow up.  I won't take it, Jack.
What's with you guys?
Well then ... shall we?
Oh. Yeah.  I gotta bunch of them.
Got another song for us?
Huh?
Uh, well, I love you, too, Jack.  So. Susie.  How 'bout it.
Jack woke up on the wrong side of the bottle.
What's with you two?
He's just afraid to show it. Aren't you, little brother?
Oh yeah?
I don't believe it.  You're a romantic, Frank.
What do you say we send a bottle over?
They must've bought the same map we did.
Hey, will you look at that?
No. We got a picture, though. One of the waitresses had a camera.  God, we were just kids.  That was something, wasn't it?
Wow. You ever see her again?
People.' You think Streisand, right? Hot that night.  Chills. Through the whole audience.  I could hardly play.
What'd she sing?
Tell her.
Peggy Lee?
As Charlie Steinway is my witness.
You're kidding me.
Yeah.
Great?
Great.
Hey, we're connected.
It's paradise.  That's what it is. Paradise.
Smells like tuna number two to me.
Of course it smells like fish. We're on the ocean. What'd you expect, Chanel number five?
Smells like fish.
And how about this air? I'm telling you, a few days in this place'll put five years on your life.
I told you, he's got the gift.  Same with music. Hears it once and he's got it.
I don't believe it.
Jack?
Okay.The Fantasy Inn.
Go ahead.
He's always right.  Go ahead.  Pick a virgin.
He's right.
First times. Hey, look at this.
Virgins?
Virgins.
Jesus, you fellas've made a lot of noise.  What's with the stars?
Baker's unabridged.
You play all these places?
Sorry.  It only plays static.
Maybe we should just listen to the radio.
You two could play checkers.
For the kids.  Merry Christmas, you two.  Don't forget.  We leave the twenty-sixth.
Well, well.  Ho, ho, ho.  You moonlighting at Macy's, Frank?
So find a dime.  Let's get out of here.
Uh, well ... we flipped a coin.
Maybe.  I'll call him.
Maybe it's legit.
Hey.
By the way, I got a messsage yesterday from some guy looking for New Year's action.  Resort, upstate.
We take the Avedon, right?  Simple.
I guess it's,the Plaza then. That brings us to the twenty-seventh. We got the Avedon for three or the Park downtown for two.
The Carlton's a dump.  No cover.  No minimum. And they water their drinks. It's strictly for the Fuller brush crowd.
Jack, you with us?
We do not take tips.  I'll apply this to the cost of the dress.
I was gonna split it with you guys.
We are not a saloon act.  We do not take tips from dirty old men.
Hey!
Give me that.
For Christ sake, I said it, I didn't do it.  Besides, I don't think they were too offended, do you?
Fucking.
Did you hear it?
I said I was sorry.
Fucking.  She says fucking in front of an entire room of people.
Switch?  What fucking switch?
The switch.  Hit the switch.
Piece of cake.
Right.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I can't tell you how thrilled I am to be here. It's like a dream come true. And speaking of dreams ...
We need scissors over here! Who's got scissors?  Okay, remember.  Jack and I go on first, I do the set-up, then introduce you. And you say ...
You're a prince.
Don't worry.  We'll take it out of your share.
Oh, thanks.
You can buy new ones tomorrow.
Well, they're aspiring to be sevens.
They're nines.
They're tight.
Right.
Shoes?
Zip me up?
Uh... good.
What do you think?
Big feet.
Nine!
Nine?
Nine.
All right, but make it quick.  Shoes!  What size do you wear?
Hey, pal.  I don't know about you, but where I come from there's a little girl's room and a little boy's room and the little boys don't go where the little girls go.
We're not exactly silly with time, you know.  Jack, you find anything?
Save it for your wife.
Okay, okay.  Here, how about this?
I wear a seven.
My wife wears a seven.  You don't look like a seven to me.
A seven.
Just look.  What do you wear? A nine?
If you ask me, this is pretty stupid.
Time for what?
Come on.  We don't have much time.
Hey!
Come on.
Am I missing something?
It's orange!
What's wrong with it?
That!  You can't wear that!
Do I look like I'm naked?
Is there a language problem here?  Your dress. For tonight.  Where is it?
What's he talking about?
Where's your dress?
Changed?
We'll talk about it later.  Right now, you gotta get changed.
And how come you guys are the only ones with your pictures on the poster?
What-?
Where's my name?
Christ, look at her. You'd think if she was gonna wear her street clothes she'd have enough sense to come in the back.  Good evening, Miss Diamond.  You're late.
So work with me, not against me. Okay?
We're a team.  We work together.
What I mean is --
No. We are not supposed to be backing you up.
I mean, you're supposed to be backing me up, right?
The problem is I can't hear myself sing with all this...  ... music.  You know what I'm saying?
What's the problem?
What are we, an orchestra all of a sudden?
Ready?
Don't leave a girl hanging. Second rule of show business.
When we know.
When?
Uh ... we'll let you know.
So?
That's the premise.
I sing now?
Okay.  I think that's all we need to know.
Hey, it's legit.  Strictly dinner and dance.
Uh, well ...
Is that important?
They are in tune.  But not with each other.
Then I'm afraid I don't understand.
Yes, well, they are.
Tom here tells me there's a problem with the pianos.  We were assured they were in tune.
That'd be me, sir.  Frank Baker. This is my brother Jack.
Good morning, gentlemen.  I'm Mr. Daniels, the manager.  I believe I've spoken to one of you on the phone.
We trust you, Lloyd.  You know that.
Lucky for you.  Well, there you go, guys. Don't spend it all in one place. Oh ... you want to count it, Jack?
Born and bred.
Yes, sir.  That's quite a girl you boys latched onto.  She a local?
I'll call you.
Uh, well, you know, the way our schedule is, I thought maybe...
I'll call you.
Uh ... You don't know when you'll be wanting us back, do you, Lloyd?
Uh ... thanks.
Yes, sir.  You're just what we needed on a night like this.
Thanks, Lloyd.
Terrific, boys.  Really.  Terrific.
I mean, I'd hate to think I'd pick up someone who wore that shit.
Thanks.
Shit, thank God.  You look like a creep.
Brought it.
Will I see you again?
Funny job.
Funny hours.
Job.
How come?
Gotta go.
Whatcha doin' over there?
Right.  In there.
Baker.
They never do, Mr. Barker.
He doesn't bite.
You should've brought a leash, Mr. Barker. The doctor doesn't like to be bitten.
Come on, Ed.
Right.  Bring him back.
Baker.  Jack Baker.
Barker.  Jock Barker?
You know, I'm feeling a lot of hostility from you.
Don't worry about it.
So. I'm here, you're here, the piano's here.  What d'ya say?
No.
All right. they lay the dead ones out in the cold room.  I'll take a look.
Black.  Labrador.
Save it.  What's he look like?
The name's Baker --
All right.  Hold on.
Yeah.
You want to know if he's okay. Right?
Yeah, well, couldn't I take a look now?
You can check in on him tomorrow. Between eight and five.
Yeah, yeah, I know.  I was just passing by. Thought I'd check in on him.
Regular hours are eight to five.
No, I, uh, left a dog here this morning. He needed some work on his mouth.
Yes.  I supposed you still have that old phone booth.
It's been a long time, Ma.
You miss him, don't you?
I suppose.
Yes, well, it's probably best. No sense bringing someone else in.
For a while.  She left.
He mentioned you had a girl for a while.  A singer.
Pretty much.
Is that the way it is?
He leads, I follow.
And you don't?
Frank works hard.
It went well tonight.
I'm tired.  Really.  I should get home.
No.
Downstairs.
Well, now, where's everyone run off to? Frank?
Funny how life repeats itself, huh?  Over and over. Like a song.
Thanks.  For letting me in last night.
Yeah.
I didn't want to wake you.
Sneak out in the morning.  Before the guy could wake up and ruin it.  Never figured I'd be on the other end of it, though.
No.
Let me get the light.
Well, this is some surprise.  Hey ... You don't look so good, pal.
Hi.
Jack.
If I see him.
Tell egghead I said hi.  If you see him.
I've given it up.
Listen... you want to get a drink?  I got a new place.  Or we could go to a bar ...  Well, maybe not a bar.  But I know a place uptown, if you want --
Oh. Carrots.  And peas.  None of the important ones.
Vegetables.
Huh?
What kind?
Terrific.  I'm doing vegetables next week.
So how's the cat food business?
Yeah.
You don't pick your brother.
Yeah, well, like I said, it didn't figure.  You two.
We outgrew each other.
So ... ?
Yeah.  Got my own sign.
Saw the sign outside.  Got your own sign, huh?
There's always another girl.
You can always get another girl.
If our feet get hot, you grab the piano.
Shit.  I think I started a fire.
Yeah, maybe ... No. God, I hate these cigarettes!
Look, if you want to leave...
Yeah... No.
Coffee?
Oh. Hi.  Sorry.
Frank wasn't 'there.
Frank said ---
Oh.
Ma didn't want it around.  After.
Wow.  But I still don't see how ...
I don't know.  Maybe he thought some rich guy was gonna try and call her.
He calls her, asks her to marry him, she thinks he's crazy, he asks her again, she still thinks he's crazy but says yes anyway, and the next thing you know he's got his brothers down there and they're tearing the thing right off the curb.
So, what happened?
He had a mind that escalated things.
You're kidding.
By the time he gets to the corner newstand, he's got her meeting some rich guy on the train, the rich guy's asked her to marry him, and he's reading about it in the morning edition.
Nervous?
They'd been out dancing all night and he took her to the train station -- she lived over in Brookhaven.  Usually held ride with her, but this time he didn't.  Anyway, he starts walking home, only as he's walking he starts getting nervous.
You sending me home?
Long story.
Oh. So what's it doing here?
He called her.
The both of them?  In there?
No kidding?
My father proposed to my mother in there.
Huh?
History.
Yeah, they got a convention for everything. At least he was clean.  Boy, the guys I met when I was with the service, you wouldn't believe.  The older ones, they were okay.  Nice.  Polite.  Pulled the chair out for you.  But the younger ones ...  Mama used to say, dance with a man once, but if you can feel calluses on his fingers, don't dance with him again.  She thought she had it all figured out. But she wasn't so smart.  There are killers with palms like a baby.
Soap?
Soap convention.
Must've been a cheap date.
You know, I saw you guys once. You and Frank.  At the Roosevelt.
How come you didn't close your eyes?
Like diamonds, huh?  I never get over it. When I was a little girl, my mama'd stand me before the window and tell me to close my eyes and make a wish.Like I could reach out and grab all the lights of the city and string them into-a necklace for myself.  She'd take my hand and when she closed her eyes, I don't know, it was like she really believed it.
Sure.
I have to make him some chili. Okay?
Ed? How many people live here?
She's four feet tall.  Ed?
Friend?  What's she look like? Maybe I can help you find her.
Friend.
Who's Nina?
Nina?
Because I saw the other people! And they knew you were good! You were good, goddamnit!
How do you know?
You were good.
Let's make a deal.  You shut up.
You were good.
It means you wouldn't know good if it came up and fucked you.
What's that supposed to mean?
Look. You don't know good. All right?
All I said was you were good.
I'm not upset.
You're upset.
Nothing.
What'd I say?
Nothing.
What's the matter?
Better than that.
I can keep the beat.
Practice.  There are worse songs, you know. Not many, but a few.
How do you do it? Every night?
It's a shitty  song.
Guess I got a little scattered.
Relax.  We'll drop the song.
Just dinner and dance, right?
It wasn't business.  It was pleasure.
Hey, business is business.
Yeah, well, thanks for sticking your head in.
No thanks.  I never touch French cigarettes.
If you want, I got a pack in the room.
In and out.
Like a baby. You?
How's egghead?
Yeah, well, I wish God would go a little easy on the trumpets.
It's the waves.  God's music, my mother used to say. She was crazy for the ocean.
In and out.
Can't sleep?
It's okay.  Last one.
Oh, sorry.  With the light always on, it's hard to tell.
I guess in case one year they're not.
So why's he do it?
Every year.
Aren't the kids asleep?
Every year.
He do that every year?
Nothing personal --
Forget it.
I mean, that'd be too creepy. With us working together and all.
Forget it.
Hey, listen.  You're not going soft on me, are you? I mean, you're not gonna start dreaming about me and waking up all sweaty and looking at me like I'm some kinda princess when I burp.
No. Thanks. She starts to move away, then stops and looks back.
You want me to walk you?
You kidding?  We must've killed three pots in there.  Anyway, I gotta get home.  Rest the pipes.
Hey.  You feel like a cup of coffee?
Mmm.  Like kissing a rose.  Well, au revoir.
Paris Opals.  Twelve-and-a-half cents.  I sat down with a pencil and added it one day.  But I figure, if you're gonna be sticking something in your mouth, you might as well make it the best.  Ah, here's a lost soul.
Huh?
Nice place.  Fulla velvet.  Even the bedspreads.  Damn!  Two-fifty a pack and I go through 'em like toothpicks. Twelve-and-a-half cents a piece, you believe that?
The Stratford.
Uh-uh.  I never touch American cigarettes.  What's tomorrow again?
Yeah,well, a11 I know is mother nature must be one crazy dame.  Shit.
He takes after our mother.
I don't know.  It's hard figuring you two as brothers.  Seems like the hospital might've scrambled the babies somewhere.
His kid's sick.
Where's egghead?
Oh.  Well, for Blackie then.
Because Blackie Carson books the Park and whenever we've needed a gig he's come through.
The Park?  It's only two nights. Why throw away a night?
Look, they were all on their third Mai Tais by the time I got out there anyway.
Fucking.
Not for money. With my mother.
You never sang before?
He'll come around.
Hey, he's not sore, is he?
He's got blood in his eye.
It ain't always a blessing.  My brother here?
Like clockwork.  You got a good memory, Jackie.
Another five years, huh?
Yeah.  The big boys sent it down yesterday.
Yeah.  Jesus, you look like fucking royalty, Tommy.
No shit. It's the goddamn water. Kill an ox. I buy bottled for my Danny. You can't trust the taps.
Losing his teeth.
Ah, you know. Howsa pooch?
That's what I want to do. I want to make a snowman.
Sure.
There were more flowers last year.  Mr. Rinaldi down at the drugstore says it's going to snow by New Year's.  Says he can feel it in his elbows. I hope it snows.  I want to make a snowman. You ever make a snowman, Jack?
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas, Jack.
Can I stay here tonight?  Even if she comes here?
Yeah?
Jack.
Eighty proof. What d'ya say? Think you can handle it?
From Hurley's?
Not so good.
Okay.  How'd yours go?
How'd the show go?
He's just feeling sorry for himself.  This is it, pal.  Hear me? Two bucks a can.
I tried Cheerios this morning. He didn't even get up. Maybe they took out the wrong teeth.
Ever go to church?
What's a prom?
Well, let's get your first prom under the belt, okay?
Why not?
Hey, what do you want to do?  Grow a beard?
Wow.
Older than me.
Looks old.
Ivory.
I hope not.  He's already busted the springs in two chairs.  Hey, what's this?
Maybe he'll ask your ma to marry him.
I guess it's getting serious.
Oh?
I saw his stuff in the bathroom.
How do you know?
Oh.  Bigfoot gets his out of a can.
The recent past.
What are they?
My days are not the old days, genius.
Is that what you used to do?
In the old days, every man had a shaving mug that he kept at the barber shop.  Then, whenever he wanted a shave, held go down to the barber shop and there would be his mug, waiting for him.
Married.
What happened to the donut king?
Process server. Ma said it's like a lawyer only the hours are more regular.  All I know's he came to take the TV one afternoon and ended up staying for dinner.  And breakfast.
Sounds big.  What's he do?
Guess they're up.
Eddie did.
Did you break a cup, Jack?
He's losing his teeth.
Yes.  Right.  Eddie.  How is he?
Eddie.
How's that dog of yours?  What was his name?
I'm not much for sweets.
None?
Huh? Oh, no.
Big piece or little?
Oh, fine.
Fine.  You?
So. How are you?
Good to see you, Ma.
John.  It's good to see you.
He hit a guard.
What did he do?
They don't give two fucks about your health.  The Clinic's where they send the real hard-cases for attitude adjustment.  Look at O'Neill --
You mean if I get sick?
Not unless you're sent to the "Clinic."
Don't they ever let us take these boots off?
You look great, Castor. Really.  Here -- I got a shot of your favorite -- Mescal.  Even has the worm.
Do I look wasted -- asshole?
They never should've voted against U.S. statehood -- the scumbags.  We heard you got wasted.
Waxy Wright.  Didn't Jon Archer bust you for poisoning five members of the Canadian parliament?
What do you expect us to do -- shut down the city, evacuate two million people on a hunch?
I don't care -- he's manipulating it.  That bomb has been built and it's out there, somewhere.
Jon, he's hooked up to a full-spectrum polygraph. No one has ever beaten --
He's lying.
Sorry, Admiral.  It wasn't mentioned in the job description.
Try to kiss my butt just once before I'm transferred.
... Thanks.
I'm complimenting you. Can't you ever just say "thanks"?
Yeah, real fine.  Especially all the casualties.
Fine work, Jon.
You're not holding him right ... Caz ...
Yes ... someone might want to tear him apart -- snuff him out -- for revenge.
Five.  No one knows you're his father.  I thought someone might want to hurt him -- just to hurt you.
How old is he?
Go on, Adam ...  I'm not asking you for anything -- I was never even going to tell you. But hell, I never thought I'd see you again, either.
Of course he is ...  -- He's yours too.
Nice-looking kid.
Should be.  It's yours.
Perfect fit.
I'm not the same person you remember.
Like I had a choice with that anal-retentive Jon Archer rising my ass at the probation hearing.  At least he took an interest. You took off without leaving so much as a Post-it.
I hear you're a manicurist now -- got your own business and everything.  I'm glad you've stayed clean.
Better than you bleeding all over my car upholstery. Trust me, Caz, you won't be here long.
You shouldn't have brought me here ... it's dangerous.
My place.
Where am I?
The last time I took orders from you I ended up with five years probation.
Drive.
Jesus Christ, Castor.
Yeah -- me.
Uh-oh, somebody's in trouble.
Right ... like Jon Archer would ever let that happen.
Or reactivated the first one.
He's your brother, you figure it out.  Maybe he made another bomb.
Why would he need more?
Yes.  Pollux bought one along with the original batch.  Obviously, he found a way to make more.
And this thing can grow it?
"Thanks?"  I guess they really did fuck you up.
For being one helluva guy.
For what?
Thanks, Pollux.
Being stuck in this rat-hole when it blows.  Bro, what you built was a work of art. That little fucker belongs in the Smithsonian.
What's worse than losing five million bucks?
That's not the worst part.
Only one you've never broken.
And I bet I've kept that promise ...
After that.  You promised you'd always take care of me.
Uh -- to kill the doctors?
Retching and convulsing while those bastards didn't even try to save her sorry ass.  You gave her mouth to mouth -- man -- even then you had some constitution.
Oh, God -- Mom OD'd at County General.
Like ...
A few blanks?  Like what?
I don't know.  Everything's jumbled -- so you're going to have to help me fill in a few blanks.
You porked his wife the day he was arrested.  How could you forget that?
Do you know what it is to be in a coma?  It fucks up everything -- including your memory! I can't even tell you why Dobbs jumped me yesterday!
Let me have a look.
I was in a coma, Pollux. I still feel like shit.
You shoot hoops like a chick, you smoke like a wuss, and -- I don't know -- you're different.
What do you mean?
So?  The procnias averano is a South American bird.  The flight here was only three hours!  And yesterday a European swallow flew by! Where the fuck are we?
So?
Shut up.
Pollux ...
They haven't found it yet -- Listen, Pollux ...
You're not my brother.  The brother I knew would never have been caught by that dumb fuck Archer.  At least tell me the bomb is still going off.
Hey, bro ...
Damn right.
Would it?
I started wondering -- if you couldn't switch back -- would it make a difference?
That's what they always say.
No life signs at all. He's a turnip.
How is he?
Eve ...
Jon, if I'm not there, he will be tipped off.  I'll get rid of Jamie -- but you and I are in this together.
I know Lazarro -- the first person she'd call is "me." We can't take the chance of tipping Castor off.
Can't we call someone? Admiral Lazarro?
The bomb.  He's reactivated it.  And everyone there is going to die.
Jon, what is it?
You can't go.  You can't be anywhere near that place.
-- Or maybe all at once.  There's a get-together tonight at New St. Marks. For all the bureau chiefs and their families.  He's insisted Jamie and I be there too.
He's going to kill off our bureau chiefs -- one-by-one.
What do you mean?
Our Pacific Rim stations. These numbers must be bounties. Castor's not wasting any time.
He freaked out when he thought I had seen this stuff.  I think it's a list of cities -- Santiago, Ho Chi Minh City, Nandi ...
Whatever happened, whatever he did -- I know it's my fault and I know I can never make it up to you --
Christ, Jon!  How could you do this to yourself? How could you do this to us?  Do you know -- do you know what he did to me ...?
Tell me what happened on April 9th -- 13 years ago.
What more proof do you need?
I don't know that.  Maybe Jon's already dead.
Why point it at me?  I'm the real thing.
I took it from my fake husband.
An NSA surgeon gave me Castor's face.  He handled the transplant, the vocal implant, everything.  But somehow Castor came out of his coma -- and killed everyone who knew about the mission. But not before he was transformed into me.
How did he expect to do that?
-- I called, but I'm not Castor.  I'm your husband.
I know you -- you're the one who called.  You're Castor Troy.  You killed my son --
Don't hang up ...
Whoever you are, don't call again.
Think about it, Eve! Everything he's done recently has been peculiar, right?  He's said and done things your husband would never do ...
Okay, you're having an emotional crisis.  You need to seek the help of a trained --
Never mind that!  Just take Jamie and get out of that house.  Don't tell anyone where you're going -- especially not him -- just GO.
Who is this?
Eve, listen carefully.  The man you think is your husband -- isn't.
Is someone there?
You want me to tell you it's okay to leave?  Okay, go on!  GO!
I can't tell you ... except only I can do it.
You said you'd be here! You promised me -- you promised Jamie!  What could be more important than that?
One last time.  It's important ...
What are you saying?  Oh, God -- you're going on assignment again ...
And you wouldn't be.
Five years ... I still can't get it out of my head -- an inch to the left, Matty would still be alive.
I don't know ...  Maybe because you've never needed my help.
How come?
No.
Were you there to catch me?
Totally -- you were being very, very bad.  You went up in the plane and jumped out.  You had a parachute, but it didn't open.
So you had a nightmare.
Actually -- in this dream -- I was your mother.
Must've been after we got engaged.
We were back in high school. You wanted to join the sky diving team, but I wouldn't let you.
Something good?
... I was dreaming ...
So is finishing my residency and passing my boards ...
It's important.
I'm late for surgery.
We need to talk.
Jon ... we just remember how it used to be.  You staying for a while or is this just a piss-stop?
Is that what you think?
She's only 12.  Some day she'll understand that apathy and absence are just special ways of saying "I love you."
Everything I say is wrong. I can't talk to her anymore.
Well, you tried.  You failed miserably, but you tried.
Just make sure you're there.  On time.
This is it, Jon.  For the next 72 hours -- you're on your own.
Call Lazarro.  Castor just came out of his coma.
Now what?
Either way, come Saturday morning -- I'm pulling you the hell out of there.
Don't worry.  I've done my homework.  I'll get Pollux to talk.
You haven't got a chance in hell of fooling Pollux. Castor drinks, smokes and walks around with a 24-hour hard-on.  He's nothing like you.
She doesn't know -- and she never will.
Jon, this is goddam insane. You can't go through with it.  What about Eve?
The left, I think.  Those surgeons in Witness Protection can fix things nobody's even broken yet.
Which ear was it?
He'd see that a mile away.  The only person he'd talk to about that bomb is his brother.  Unfortunately, turnips can't talk.
We can send in a plant -- try to get Pollux to spill the location.
Castor's still alive --  Technically.  He's a turnip, on total life-support ...
Go on.
Apparently, fine.  He's coming into work.  That's the good news ...
How's Loomis?
You said it, Jon, not me.
I'm not hiding in my work, if that's what you're saying.
I just asked you about making love to your wife, and you started talking about your job.
One of my informants spotted him -- right here in the city.
You're supposed to make time. When was the last time you told her you love her?  When was the last time you two had sex?
I've been working night and day.  I haven't had time.
You missed the last three, including her birthday.  Your wife's gripe sheet.
Like gangbusters, doc.  Okay, I missed the last one.
How is the "date night" idea going over with Eve?
Shoot him!
Jamie ...
Not if I kill you first ...
Give up, Castor.  People are going to find out.
Five seconds.
I don't know.  How long before it kills us?
Vacuum-sealed globe ... shouldn't take long.
What -- what are you doing?
Too late, your kid worships me.  And your wife -- she's an animal.  Even I can't keep up with her.
Stay away from my family!
You've given me the freedom I haven't had in years, and the power to make it pay off in ways I never thought possible.  But hell -- this is America.  One day a pauper, the next day, a prince. And I owe it all to you. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got an important government job to abuse, -- and a beautiful wife to fuck.  Excuse me -- I mean "make love to."
What are you going to do!
Let's not confuse things anymore.  I'm Archer. You're Castor.  But if you need proof --
What are you going to do, Castor?
Of course I killed them, you DUMB FUCK.  And torched every shred of evidence that proves who you really are.  Swallow this one, Commander. You are going to be in here for the rest of your life.
You killed them?
I believe the phrase Dr. Hoag used was "titanically remote."  Who knows?  Maybe the trauma of having my face cut off pulled me out.  Or maybe God really is on my side after all.  By the way, I know you don't get the papers in here.
It can't be.  It's impossible.
Not anymore.
-- Castor?
Don't count on it.
You can tell me all about it -- from your prison cell.
You can't kill me, Jon. I've got something going this Saturday night ... it's gonna be worse than anything God ever dumped on the Pharaohs -- and only I can stop it.
Mention my family once more and you're dead.
What're you gonna do with me gone?  You'll drive your wife and kid nuts! I bet your daughter is just about ripe by now. What's her name, Janie?
You're under arrest. Incredibly, you still have the right to remain silent --
What's it to you?  I declare it.  Here I am, back in the States for less than a month --
And how much will your "fun" net you this time?
Jon, I'm getting a little annoyed by your obsessive need to spoil my fun.
Or what?  You'll have me fired?
Walton, you have to let me see the warden --
Archer cut him a deal for turning state's evidence. He's free.
Pollux is -- what?
You better be nice, Castor. You could get mighty lonely now that Pollux is gone.
I'm going to have you fired.
You'll what?
So's a noose.  Now keep your mouth SHUT.
They're too tight.
Castor Troy almost strangled me to death.  Where the hell were you?
What's the matter with your voice, Commander?
Just saving the tax-payers the cost of a trial.  So take a hike.
I've never been more certain of anything. Get everyone in position. -- And get the word out -- shoot to kill.
What makes you so sure this guy's gonna set up his own brother?
We've got him sighted. Okay, Pollux, pull out.
Trust me, he's already here. Get going!
SFPD?  Castor isn't stupid enough to come back to the city.
Yeah, mom cut me some slack -- but I decided ... I'd like to be here for you.  Here, mom.  You can have it back.  Thanks, though.
There's my little darling.  The night wouldn't be complete without you.
I mean like protection.
You mean like ... condoms?
Did it look like I was siding with him?  Did it?  You want to play with the bad boys, you better be prepared.  Do you have protection?
You haven't changed at all! Some guy tries to rape me -- and you side with him!
What are you -- stupid?
Like you know anything about it.
Get a higher arc on the ball, Jamie.  And for Chrissake, square your shoulders to the basket.
You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Daddy's a new man.
When did you start smoking?
I won't tell mom if you don't.
Clarissa left those here.
Janie?
Screw your boundaries, Janie.  You have something I want.
The Admiral?
Get rid of them.
You've got someone in your office.
Let's try to be a little less formal from now on, shall we?
You always call me Miss Brewster.
That's your name, isn't it?
Kim?
Well, I saw you -- Kim.
Oh -- Commander.  I didn't see you ...
You can't blame me for trying.
You're both in custody until there's a DNA fingerprinting and we can prove who's who. Now put the gun down.
Obviously someone else knows it!  Get everybody back to their posts -- NOW!
It was confirmed by your personal security code. Nobody knows that code but you!
What?
Backing you up!  Didn't you track Castor to the Army Street Terminal?
Where should I be?  Where's everyone else?
Commander, what are you doing here?
What the fuck do you think happened?  Castor Troy just shot him!  What are you waiting for?  GO!
What happened?
Escaped?  From Erewhon?  I want everyone on this -- our entire force and the SFPD.
Castor's escaped!
What happened?
You picked a helluva day to leave your beeper off!
Like I fucking care?  I'm not just sitting here!
A lot of people think you're a snitch.  It's dangerous ...
What about me?
No problem.
You'll need to recultivate that virus.
Good, because I checked your salary -- and it bites.  How the everyday working-class stiff survives in today's economy is something I'll never ...
All of them do.  We'll kill twelve birds with one bomb.  And we'll be rich.
Most of the current chiefs -- they must have pretty hefty prices on their heads.
We gut the organization -- and rebuild it with more reliable friends.
Yeah -- it's Santa's Magic fucking Village.  Your present's in here.
Eight pocket stingers ... seven piper uzis ... six cobra carbines ...  five - net - launch-ers ...
There's fun, bro.  Then there's FUN.
I'm just having some fun.
Are you TRYING to give us away? For somebody with such a big brain, you think awfully small.
Don't worry, nobody knows I'm inside.  Check it out.  Remember that fat fuck agent who roughed us up in Thailand?  He's being treated for bone cancer at the V.A.  Thanks to the miracle of NSA grid-technology ...  -- Ooops!  His radiation does just quadrupled.
You're supposed to be snitching, making me look legit.
Don't get mad, but I just went for a little stroll through the company switches.
Trust me.  You're gonna love it ...
No -- the best part is, since it's a government job -- they can't fire you!  But how can you be sure you'll get the appointment?
-- I'll be one of the most powerful men in the country. Didn't matter how much cash I made pulling wet jobs -- I was still too low on the food chain -- always with somebody like Jon Archer after me.  The best part is -- I'm the GOOD guy.
You better get used to it. That bitch Lazarro is getting kicked upstairs. Guess what white-bread family man is going to replace her?
I can't even look at you without wanting to vomit.
Business first.  I went into the "Warrants" system and erased your records.  You're clean.  In fact, you're now on the informant payroll.
You merciless bastard!
Okay, then.  I leave it in your able hands.
No.  Most of them are in transit by now.  I'm heading over to the hotel to personally oversee security.
I just thought that -- under the circumstances -- you might want to postpone the meeting with the station chiefs.
What is it, Admiral? I'm under the gun here.
I just heard about Castor's fratricide -- rather poetic, don't you think?
Jon, you're starting to remind me -- of me.  Congratulations.
Done.  In fact, I was already plotting about the best way to meet the foreign bureau chiefs.
You'd have to start immediately.
I had doubts too.  I always looked at a desk as though it were a ball-and-chain. But something happened ...
Me.  I have doubts about your ability to stick with what is essentially a desk job.
What's that?
D.C.'s very high on giving you the promotion.  There's just one problem.
Just following your example.
You've made us look pretty good in the past week.  And the way you handled the press --
You're the only person in this place who can see right through me.
Normally, I would.  But today ...
Look at you, Jon -- at your age -- an American hero!  I'd buy you a drink but I know you'd just turn me down.
Wait a second -- you hated Madonna.  Didn't you?
Back then -- who wasn't?
Remember this from our junior prom?  Boy, were you ever mad for Madonna.
Sure, baby -- go anywhere you want.  But I have to give you an escort.  Security reasons.
I'm going to the powder room.
Good.  Because I'm fed up.
I'll deal with her later.
That's what I'd like to know.  She stole fifty dollars from my purse and took off.
Where's Jamie?
Okay, I have a confession to make.  But you aren't going to like it.
-- Yes.
I disagree.  You think I've been acting strange.  Like a completely different person.
Nothing.
-- Studying.
What are you doing?
I'll have a talk with her. By the way, you never said anything about last night ...
Yes, Jon.  That Karl.
Oh, that Karl.
Great?  He's 17 -- you told her to stay away from him.
Great.
I think Jamie's been seeing Karl again.
Okay, if you insist. But -- you drive.
The world can wait, Jon. You're going.
I'm late.  Gotta protect and serve the world, y'know.
Jon, it's the tenth.  I know how difficult it is for you, but we still have to go.
What's on your mind?
Call me spontaneous.
You're wearing your suit --
So you see, I'm not going anywhere.  Unless it's upstairs with you ...
... That's great.
I'm replacing Lazarro. Nice, safe desk job -- just like you wanted.
-- what?
Can't you see I'm trying to change?  I sent Jamie off because I wanted to be alone with you.  I wanted to see the candle-light dance in your beautiful --
You always say that -- then you leave.
I'm not going anywhere.
Isn't that what all this is about?  Letting Jamie go out, cooking me dinner, -- your next assignment?
Gone?
So -- how long will you be gone this time?
You wouldn't even sip champagne at our wedding. We were underage -- you wouldn't break the law.  Remember what my brother called you?
Wouldn't be the first time -- or would it?
I think -- you're trying to get me drunk.
They say love is blind. Do you think that's true?
Why do I feel like I'm on a blind date?
-- I've got to study.
Hurry up -- the salad's getting warm and the pasta's getting cold.
No.
Don't I usually kiss my wife?
What is with you tonight?
Have fun at work.
Jon -- I don't have time to play games.  There're leftovers in the fridge.
The hospital?  Oh, that's right -- you're a doctor.  Ha-ha.
The hospital.
It didn't work out as planned. Where are you off to?
As much as ever.  Nothing.
What do you know about it?
What happened to your big "assignment"?
You were supposed to be here half an hour ago...the emergency strategy session? Your trip to Aspen? Theyre all panicked here...
Adelle?
Hey Santa, where are you? Everybodys here.
Hello?
That'll be a nice little holiday treat.
I'll leave from the office tomorrow afternoon.  Call the group.  Schedule an emergency strategy session for noon.
She's probably just having a fit of nostalgia.  You know, lonely Christmas Eve, call the one that got away, that kind of thing.
No?!  You almost married this woman.  Aren't you even curious what she wants?
No...
And look where it's led you...  I'm gonna get her on the phone...
I took the road less traveled, Adelle.
Stop Jack, I'm getting all weepy.
God, no.  I thought about it for practically the entire flight...
So you left her?  Just like that?
She didn't want me to go to London.  We're standing at the airport saying goodbye and she asks me to stay.
Excuse me?
Almost married.  And almost a junior broker at E.F. Hutton...
You?  Married?
Kate Reynolds was my girlfriend in college.  I almost married her...
Yeah Jack, her assistant...
Her assistant?
Her assistant said you could call her at home after eight.
Kate Reynolds...
Ooh, my suits are ready...
Oh, and Oxxford called...
You're a ray of sunshine, Jack.
You too?  This holiday's about giving, Adelle.  And I'm giving everything I've got to this deal, so in a way, I'm more Christmassy than anyone...  Lifesaver?
So what are we gonna do, Jack?
No.
Is this another one of those Sun Tzu Art of War tricks?
But I think I like you better this way...
Excuse me?
Its not good.  Bob Thomas has secretly been talking to a European drug company. Were not sure which one, Julias on it right now. Word is theyre willing to let him buy a minority stake and keep running the entire company.  The Global people are up in arms.  They say we shouldve been prepared for this.  Were in trouble here, Jack...
Whats going on here?
Jack, are you okay?
Oh, Im hearing you, Alan. Thats not the problem. The problem is that what you think is yours, is really mine.  And I dont care how low on the totem pole I start, I will get it back...  So do yourself a favor and dont get too attached to that view because sometime soon, maybe very soon, you and your French country antiques, your chintz sofa, and your little play pen are gonna be moving out of that office.
I dont think youre hearing me.
Good for you. Why shouldnt you protect whats yours.
Seven.  Really.
...thats our war room. We did seven major deals last year, three of them hostile.
You drink about sixteen Diet Cokes a day. Youre an excellent father, but you feel guilty about the time you spend away from home. You drink bourbon, but you offer your clients scotch...
What about me?
Take you, for instance...
Im sure you do...
And I know people.
Its okay, Alan. I get it. Im in your shoes, Im thinking exactly the same thing...but heres the thing. Business is business.  Wall Street, Main Street, its all just a bunch of people getting up in the morning, trying to figure out how the hell theyre gonna send their kids to college.  Its just people...
Im not trying to knock the tire business, Jack.
Look, I know our paltry little two million in sales is about what you spend on office supplies in a year.  And I know some regional trucking company account is nothing compared to a sixty billion dollar merger...
Really. So youre projecting what, a tad over two million?
Well, Alan, I think were gonna have a banner year. Sales are up almost twenty percent in the first quarter and we just landed a major trucking company account.
Uh huh...one point seven. And what do you project for this year?
We did one point seven million in total revenue...
Mind if I ask what kind of sales you did last year? Ballpark...
Uh...we actually get about sixty percent of our business from automotive service.
Uh huh. The retail end, I understand.
Thats right. And auto supply...
A broker? Really. And now youre in the tire business?
I was a sales associate, at E.F. Hutton.
Uh...actually, yes. Two... good ones.
You have kids, Jack?
I can see that, Alan.
Please, call me Alan. We try to cultivate a casual atmosphere around here...
Mr. Mintz.
Because my gift comes with ten zeroes at the end...
Why Jack?
I don't want you to be sorry, Alan, I want you to be excited.  I want my gift to be the first one you open this year.  You know why?
You're right, Jack.  Sorry... Jack approaches Alan.
I don't know.  Maybe...
You think I like being here on Christmas Eve, Alan?
Is that tonight?
Sorry, Jack.  I told Dee and the kids I'd be home by dinner.  You know, it being Christmas Eve and all.
Im not worried, Mom. Hes still learning our ways...
Fightings a part of it, Annie.  You know that, right?
Thats right.  Okay, lets make a quick stop at the kids shoe department, pick up my watch from the battery place, then Ill run into the linen store...
Mary Janes, Mom.  You promised.
Were almost done here...
Mommy needs five more minutes in la la land. That could be her present...
Mom, dont you think we need to open the presents?
Youre jumping, sweetheart...
Rise...and...shine...!
No, honey. Go back to sleep.
Is it morning yet?
Ringing my bell...
What are you doing?
Ah. A classic...
Mary Had A Little Lamb.
Very nice. What is it?
Right.  Thats a major oversight...  So if Im Kate...I cant really afford the finer things, my husbands career is a crushing disappointment to me, Im trapped in suburbia...
Thats good but...you did forget the anniversary.
Maybe theres a jewelry store back at the mall. I could get her a pair of earrings or something.
Mom liked it.
Dont you think thats a little gimmicky?
One year he had a solar system named after her...
Like what?
Not bad...I shoulda warned you.  Dad always does something really special for their anniversary.
Thats where you work.
Big Eds?  Big Eds Tires?  Why...?
Big Eds.
Where do I go now?
Bye...
Got it.  Good tip.
Try not to be late because kids dont like to be the last one picked up.
Five thirty.  Okay.
I have winter camp until four, then ballet until five thirty.
Check...
This is day care.  Its where babies go when their parents are at work.
Sure.
You promise not to kidnap me and my brother and implant stuff in our brains?
I think I could figure it out.
You know how to make chocolate milk?
On a case by case basis...
Do you like kids?
Uhh...thanks...slightly better looking though, right?
The aliens...In the mother ship.  You look just like him.
Who did?
They did a pretty good job.
I dont know...
Wheres my real dad?
This isnt my real life. Its just a glimpse...
Yeah...I guess I just wanted you to know, we couldve been really good friends...
You never really talked to me.  I wanted to talk to you, man...
Yes, thats it...yes, we went to high school together.
Of course. Jack Campbell. I went to high school with you...you played baseball, right?  Youre doing well...
Yes...Jack Campbell...
Wait a second...  Jack...Jack...
I never won anything in bowling.
We bowl together. Were bowlers ...we won a championship...were winners.
Howd you know my name?
Tell me you recognize me, Arnie.  Please...
I dont care if youre Tim Allen with your fancy car and all your tools, you still cant park here.
Its me, Jack...
Hey, you cant park that thing here.
Its your birthday? Today?  Whats your name?  Where were you born?
So Jack, its your wifes birthday, got anything to say to her?
All Im saying it there isnt a guy in Union County who wouldnt give his left nut to be married to Kate...
Hey, is that really necessary?
Cmon, Evelyn Thompsons got no class.  She doesnt marry Dr. Steve, the womans living in a trailer.
Screw the rules.  Im talking about the choice.
Im telling you, those rules dont apply to me, Arn.
Look, maybe Im not as good a consigliere as you are but you have to trust me on this one.  A little flirtations harmless but youre playing with fire here.  The Fidelity Bank and Trust is a tough creditor.  You make a deposit somewhere else, they close your account forever.
It wouldnt really be cheating...  Its complicated.
Whoa...whoa...wait a second, Jack.  Youre not actually gonna cheat on Kate?
So could you write down her exact address?
Oh yeah...  What is it about you?
Pretty much.
She said that?
She wants to have an affair with me.
She is relentless.
I just saw Evelyn Thompson.
Hey Jack, youre all flush.  I guess that seventy-one took a lot outta you.
Youre right.  Why am I so competitive!? Compensation, I guess. Look, just focus, Jack. You can still pick up the spare...
Hey, Im doing the best I can...  Id like to see you hit a squash ball after seventeen beers...
Wheres your follow through?  Wheres your stance?
Jesus, Jack, this is a league match, for gods sake!
Damn...
Its just two kids, right?
Look, you fit the profile exactly.  Thirties, house, kids, financial responsibilities.  You start thinking...this isnt the life I dreamt about.  Wheres the romance, wheres the joie de vivre?  Suddenly, every lingerie ad in the Newark Star Ledger represents a life you cant have...
Kates my wife...
You see, its like were in each others heads...
Its not Kate, is it?
I dont think so.
Trouble at work?
Is it...?
What am I saying?  You dont need to hear that...  All I meant was a lot of people have a hard time dealing with all the forced reverie, thats all.  Is that you?
I read somewhere that the suicide rate doubles during the holidays...
Im having kind of a bad day.
Maybe I dont say it enough but you moving in next door to me...
Were friends, arent we?
Great room...
I know, I moved the Barca-lounger into the corner.  Its throwin everybody off.  What do you think?
I mean it.  From what I can tell, were a mom and pop operation, were already over-extended in sales, and any price advantage we could offer would easily be matched by a larger supplier...
Cmon Jack...
Ive got all the time in the world...
Got a minute, Jack?
The Caddy?  Why dont you take your own damn car!
Look, can I just borrow your car?!  I promise itll be returned!
What the hell are you talking about?  Whats he talking about?
Wheres my car?!  Wheres my Ferrari!?
You know what the word glimpse means, J? Its by nature an impermanent thing.
Ive got kids, Im going home...
Cmon, Jack...
You cant do this. You cant keep coming in and out of peoples lives, messing things up...
Look Jack Im late.  Id love to help you out some more but I gotta go handle my business...  Happy trails.
But what do I do?
Do I look like I live in a bottle?
Whats this, a signal? Will you come whenever I ring it?
Look Jack, in my experience the best way people deal with this is to just relax and breathe through it...let it come to you.
Thats it?  Thats all I get?!  A glare?!
Figure it out?  Figure what out?!
Because you got to figure it out for yourself.  Are you listening to me?
Why not?
Do I look like I need your money.  It doesnt work like that and I cant tell you why.
Look, I just want my life back.  Now whats it gonna take?  You wanna talk turkey?  Lets talk turkey!  How much money...?
As long as it takes to figure it out.  Which, in your case, could be considerable.
How much time?!
Figure it out.  You got plenty of time.
I asked you a direct question!  A glimpse of what?!
Look, eventually, everybody gets one...some of em take a couple seconds...  ...some of em take a lot longer...
I glimpse?  A glimpse of what!?  What glimpse?! Glimpse!
Its a glimpse, Jacko.
Please.  Just tell me whats happening to me. In plain English.  None of that mumbo jumbo...
You?  What about me?  Im working hard for you here, Jack.  On Christmas too!  Now you did a good thing last night, intervening that way.  I was moved...
Give me my goddamn life back!
Everyone else in that store is a statue, they see their lives passing in front of their eyes, but not you.  Youre making a business deal...
You mean because you thought I was cocky Im now on a permanent acid trip?!!
No?  Cmon, Jack...Ive got everything I need, I dont have regrets, thats just not for me... sound familiar?
Brought what on myself?! I didnt do anything!
Look, I dont know what youre getting so worked up about, you did this...you brought this on yourself.
What the hell is happening to me?!
Might wanna fasten your seat belt, Jack...
Basically, its my car now.  Get in.
What?!
Its a callable asset seized in accordance with the acquisition by-laws of your alt-fate contract...
Thats my car!  You stole my car!
Miss me, Jack?
Oh man, I'm gonna enjoy this one... Just remember, Jack, you did this.  You brought this on yourself...
Sure it's about you.  But it's about society, too.
You still think this is about me, don't you?
Look, I'm not saying you'd be able to do it without some hard work...
Wow.  It must be great being you.  You got it all.
I've got everything I need.
You just said everyone needs something.
Me?
Yeah?  What do you need?
Everyone needs something.
Oh man, you're serious...  This man thinks I need to be saved!
Wait a minute, wait a minute... you're tryin' to save me?
I mean there must be programs out there, opportunities...
Yeah, in most cases that'd be true.
I'm just saying that you seem like a smart guy.  At a certain point you're gonna do something, and then there's no turning back...
You want to talk about regrets, you're talking to the wrong person.
What do you want to carry that gun around for, anyway? You're just gonna do something you'll regret...
Hey...
Okay, Jack.  Nice doing business with you... Cash is about to take off...
I don't do that.  That's just not for me...
So you're telling me, you've got a gun to your head and you don't think for one second, what if this, what if that, maybe I shouldn't do this, I shoulda done that.
A lucky streak, huh?
There's no way I was gonna die in that deli...  Let's just say I've been on a lucky streak lately.
You know you seem pretty relaxed for a guy who just had a gun pulled on him.
I call all you white guys "Jack."
How'd you know my name was Jack?
Damn, you are the real thing...
Like I said, it's a business deal...
Look, I'm talking about a business deal here.  I buy the ticket for two hundred, take it to a store where the guy behind the counter...  ...doesn't have a death wish  ...I just made myself a quick thirty eight dollars.
Yes you do...
No.
DO YOU WANNA DIE?!
Get out!
You first generation, xenophobic, money-theistic, hot pastrami sandwich making...
You leave now.  Take ticket somewhere else.  Next customer in line...!
Get out, I call 911.
What!?  Look at the ticket...!
You draw lines with pencil!  I know about this!
What're you talkin' about?
Ticket bad.  You draw in lines with pencil.
...06...14...18...48...right there.  Four numbers...that's two hundred and thirty eight dollar...  Merry Christmas and shit...
Okay, youre right, weve been dancing around this for years...
It would help me if we were.
Are we finally being honest?
Is there something going on between us?
Are we what, Jack?
Are we...?
Youre a nurse?
Need a nurse?
Something like that.
Very funny.  I saw you out there on lane five. What do you have the flu or something?
Evelyn, right?
Well do whatever it is you do well, and just...just do it. Excuse me...
Mushroom puffs arent the only thing I do well...
Cmon, as soon as I put them down, youre gonna grab a couple...you always do...
I dont think so, thank you...
Finger food...?
I thought I saw you notice it at the kids recital.
Its lovely...
Like the dress...?
Maybe youre not hearing me.  I am Jack Campbell...  Right here.  Jack Campbell, President...
I dont care who you are.  Its Christmas and like I told you the building is closed.
Look, I dont know whats going on here but I am Senior Vice President of this company.
Mr. Mintz?  I dont think so...buildings closed pal.  Youll have to come back tomorrow.
Frank.  Wheres Alan Mintz?  Is he here yet?
Whoa, whoa, whoa...hold it right there...
Thanks.  To you too...
Merry Christmas to you, sir...
Nice night for it.  I'll have Louis send your car home.
I'm thinking I might walk tonight, Frank.
Okay, chief.
Why dont you let me take this one, Kenny?
You want me to handle him?  I think Im ready...
If youre into that kind of conspicuous consumption...
Kates on two, Jack.  Nice ride...
Well, Im just a little confused right now about why I work here...
Here we are, mag wheels...  Hey Jack, are you sure youre okay?
I mean sales has always been a feeder for M and A, always...
Uh huh...
Thats the kind of thing you can really build on...
No, I didnt...thats great.
...I was the number one junior sales associate at E.F. Hutton in 1988.  Did you know that?
Thank you.
Uh...sure Jack...  Right back there...
Do I have a private office somewhere in the building?
Uh-huh...
What are you talking about?  Its me, Jack Campbell.  Penthouse C. I put you into commercial paper!
Sorry, pal.  Entrance is for residents and guests only...
Just until the Deutsche Mark turns...
About four grand.  And a bottle of twenty five year old scotch from Mrs. Johnson in 9D.  Im putting it all in commercial paper like you said.
Howd you do this year, Tony?
Merry Christmas, Mr. Campbell.
We have two kids, Annie and Josh...
Dont do this, Jack... But he continues...
What do you want from me? You want me to tell you everything that happened was okay?
Please. Lets just go have a cup of coffee. Thats all Im asking for. Im sure theres another flight to Paris tonight.
Jack.
Dont get on that plane!
Jesus, Jack...
You cant go!
Not exactly...  Can we just take a minute here?  Maybe get a cup of coffee or something...?
No, Jack, I never got married. You?
Youre not married, are you?
Not with what they pay me...
So youre not at a non- profit firm?
Thats the one...
To Paris. Paris, France.
Uh huh. To Paris. My firm has an office there and Im going to be heading it up.
Youre moving...
Paris?
Im moving to Paris...it was right here...  Its a box marked Jack.  I put it in the stack for the Salvation Army...
Whats going on?
Dont worry about it, Jack...
I'm sorry...
Its good to see you...
You look great.
Jack...God, its been so long...You look...
Kate...
I promise. Come to bed, honey.
Promise me again...
I promise, Jack...
Please, just promise me youll do that. You have to promise, Kate. Because if you dont, then its like it never happened and I dont think I could live with that.
Are you okay, Jack?
I need you to remember me, Kate.  How I am right now, right this very moment.  I need you to put that image in your heart and keep it with you, no matter what happens.
Youve been Jack Campbell.  And thats always a good thing...
But Ive done some good things too, havent I?
Its been interesting, thats for sure.
Look, youre making this into something its not. This isnt a referendum on our lives, Kate. Its a step forward...  Dont you see?  Im talking about us finally having a life other people envy.
Dont do that...
Then get a goddamn snow blower!
I can do that.  I want to do that.  For all of us. I need to do that as a man...  Think about it.  No more lousy restaurants, no more clipping coupons, no more shoveling snow...
Jack.
No, this is the center of the universe.  If I were living in Roman times, I would live in Rome, where else?  Today, America is the Roman Empire and New York is Rome itself. John Lennon.
I cant believe you want to move back into the city.  I thought the reason we left was because we didnt want to raise the kids here?
This is New York City, its like the needy people capital of the world.  Those Jersey clients of yours arent a tenth as pathetic as the ones you could get here...
Jack, what could you possibly be thinking? What about my job?
Im talking about the best schools in the country here, Kate...
Annie goes to a great school.
I dont think so. This is going to be a better life for all of us, honey.  Well put Annie and Josh in private schools...
Are you out of your mind?
What are you talking about, Jack?
Youre talking to their new Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions.
A company called P.K. Lassiter and Associates Investment House uses it to attract new executives...
A perk for what?
This place is a perk, Kate.
For the week?
Think bigger.
So whats the big surprise? You didnt rent this place for the weekend, did you?
Its like a museum.
Pretty incredible, isnt it?
I dont think Id fight you on that one...
I could stay here forever...
Thats all I wanted to hear...
My god, all this time...I never stopped loving you...
I already told you you were gonna get lucky, Jack...
Youre so...beautiful...
Way out...
Im out of the doghouse?
I dont know how you did it, hoss, but you pulled it off.
Ill just full yours up to the top.  Happy anniversary, sweetheart.
You know champagne makes me do crazy things.
What are you sure about?
Good things...
Its wonderful...
Imagine having a life where everything was easy...where you asked for things and people just brought them to you...
God, sometimes I think it would be so nice not to have to stretch ground beef or maybe drive a car with a CD player...
I guess...some of them are probably faking.
I mean yes, I help people that need it...
Your pay check is a disgrace to pay checks.
My office is a dump, I answer my own phone...and youve seen my pay check.
Thats a big one for me, too.
Cmon, Jack, you think there arent mornings when I wake up and wonder what the hell Im doing in New Jersey...
But you always seem so certain.
I think its good to be a little unsure about who you are.  Its very human.
Now...I dont...
And now...?
I never used to be like this, Kate.  I had it all figured out.  No doubts, no regrets.
No.  Well, maybe a few things.  But mostly just different...
Worse, you mean...
I used to be so sure about everything, you know?  I knew exactly who I was and what I wanted. Then one morning I woke up and suddenly it was all different...
Are you sure?
Now Im worried...just say it.  Whatever it is well deal with it.
I think it may help us but theres a slight chance it could make things worse.
Okay...
I need to tell you something.
But Im gettin close, right?
You are so not off the hook yet, slick.
How do you even know about this place?
Whats the difference? Im taking my baby out for our anniversary, damn the costs...
Jack...can we afford all this?
Ill fix it.  Ill go out right now and get you something.  Ill make it right.
You actually forgot our anniversary.
I know that, but...
What are you talking about?  You never wait all day.  You can barely wait until its light out.
Heres the thing.  I really hadnt planned on giving you your...uh... anniversary gift until tonight.  You know, anniversarys good all day...
Enjoy it, sweetheart...
You really are incredible...
Zeena...
I found it at an outlet store.  I know its a knock-off, but I think itll look great on you...
No, open it...
Maybe I should wait...
Wait a minute.  Youre my wife?
Jack.
What? You make me hot...
Nice, Jack.  Youre sweeping me off my feet.
Not it...?
Oh yeah, youre a bad girl, baby... You make me so hot...Im gonna take you to that special place...
Then say it...just say it to me...!
Yeah, baby, I know what you like to hear...
Cmon, you know what I like to hear...
What...?
Say it, Jack...
Its good, right?
Thank you...
I want it...
You want the cake!?
Sorry, Jack.  Its too important to me.
Cmon.
Thats my piece.  I was saving it because I got nauseated from that store bought chicken.
You mean this chocolate cake?
Long, boring, and generally pretty sad. Arnie seemed to enjoy it...  Hey, wheres that chocolate cake...?
How was the game, honey?
How would you look at it?
If you want to look at it that way...
Our life in a nutshell...
Thats why I work for Big Ed?
Jack, stop that. I'm still mad at you...  ...who knows what wouldve happened if you hadnt stepped in at the store.
You had a heart attack?
The trek out to the hospital every day didnt help either...  You were great. Surviving the heart attack was one thing...
You cant really raise a kid in an apartment in the Village...
Charles Street?  In the Village?  When we were living in Greenwich Village...?  Great times.  Whyd we ever leave?
We were young...  Remember that little place on Charles Street we used to go to?
No, I love Annie.  We had a lot of good times, didnt we?
Good, Jack.  Maybe well keep her.
Sure.  I really like Annie.
I think it worked out okay, dont you?
Surprise.  Were pregnant...  Yeah...that mustve been...I mean that was very unexpected.  But what are you gonna do, right?
Well...Annie for one.
Maybe youre not.  The Jack Campbell I married wouldnt need a $2400 suit to make himself feel better about his life, but if thats what its gonna take, then buy it. Just buy the goddamn suit ...we can take the money out of the kids college fund.
Look, Im sorry.  Im sorry I was such a saint before and Im such a prick now.  Maybe Im just not the same guy I was when we got married...
I cant believe its not a disappointment to you!  Jesus, Kate, I couldve been a thousand times the man I became.  How could you do this to me?  How could you let me give up on my dreams like this?!
Its sad to hear your life is such a disappointment to you, Jack.
Whats in it for me? Where are my Mary Janes?
Really.
I pick up the kids, walk the dog, which by the way, carries the added bonus of carting away her monstrous crap...I play with the kids, take out the garbage, get six hours of sleep if Im lucky, and then it starts all over again...and why is it that I always have to drive everyone everywhere?  I spend practically my entire day in that slow as hell mini-van listening to Raffi tapes and trying to figure out how the cup holders work...Im sick of it.
I wake up in the morning covered in dog saliva...I drop the kids off, spend eight hours selling tires retail...retail, Kate.
Excuse me?
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
No?
Those shoes were twenty five dollars.  Cmon, take it off.  Well go to the food court and get one of those funnel cakes you like.
She got those shoes...
$2,400?!  Are you out of your mind?
Its an unbelievable thing.  Wearing this suit actually makes me feel like a better person.  Im gonna buy it...
I mean...wow...off the charts great.
Look at me like you havent seen me every day for the last twelve years...
Do what?
How can you do that?
I mean back in college, you were a very pretty girl, theres no question about that.  But this...  ...youve really grown into a beautiful woman...
This is good stuff, Jack, keep it coming...
No, Im serious...youre really stunning...
Thanks, Jack...
Whatever you say...honey.
Its ten thirty, Jack. By eleven youre gonna be sprawled out on the bed snoring your head off. We dont have time for wining and dining.
Shouldnt we grab some dinner first?  Maybe a bottle of wine...?
That is the general idea, yes...
Wait a second.  You want me, dont you?
Im working on a new deal now...
I thought we had a deal about you watching CNBC in bed.
Hey!  I was watching that!
Well thats just great...those little monkeys can be a real handful...
Jack.  I said the kids are asleep...
And...?
Uh...that babys crying...
HEY!
...my feet are hurtin...
Hello!
Youre having a bad day, Ill go with you...actually, theres no way in hell youre gettin me back out there...
But its twenty degrees outside...
Fine, shes the kids dog.  Lets go wake Josh, see if he wants to walk her.
No, shes not.
Shes your dog, Jack.
Youre kidding me...
Here you go...
Pro bono.  You dont get paid at all.  Nobody makes a dime.  Well, bravo...
Jack...
Uh huh...
Yes, Im fine.  Its just this god awful football phone!  Who has a phone like this anyway?!
Funny, Jack.  Im laughing on the inside.
Christ...  Where the hell is the bathroom?
Because youll be here.
Why not?
Telling my mother she doesnt have to stay with the kids.
What are you doing?
Trust me on this Kate.  I really dont think going to a party is the right move for me at the present time.
You look forward to this party all year.  Whats with you today?
Party?  Oh no, I cant go to a party...
Look, we dont have time for this right now, well talk about it later.  Now get dressed...  Youre not wearing that to the Thompsons party. I dont care how hilarious you think it is...
Look, you dont understand.  I woke up here...and this is very strange ...this is not my house...
Jack...dont even start...
Because thats where I live.
The city?  New York City?  Why?
I was in the city.
Where were you?
I dont know!  Please stop yelling at me!
What kind of man does that!?
Yeah...fine.
Are you okay?
You hear me complaining about that?
I can't seem to let go of you...
We're being responsible.  Go. Get on the plane.
No, youre right.  What are we doing?
Go. Im sorry, you should just go...
What?
Right, for us. But...Im afraid that if you get on that plane...
For us, Kate.
Believe me I know what an incredible opportunity this is for you...
You mean dont go at all? What about my internship?
Dont  go, Jack...
I know weve talked about this a thousand times and we both agree that going to London is the right thing to do. But in my heart... this feels wrong.
About the plane? What do you think its gonna crash? Dont say that...
I have a bad feeling about this.
I also put side two of London Calling on there...
All in one tape?
Every one of these songs will remind you of me in a slightly different way...
A shelter?!  Im the richest guy in the building...Ive got twice the square footage you have!
And sleep you shall. Noblesse oblige is not dead.  Not yet anyway...Come, lets get you some help.  Surely there must be a shelter somewhere in this city.
Thank you, Betty.  I know if I can just sleep this off, Ill be fine...
No...
You know you could never satisfy me the way he does...
Its because Im shy, Betty.  So, when are you going to leave that old corpse Mr. Peterson and run away with me?
Hello Jack.  You dont have to stop singing on my account...
Mrs. Peterson.
Okay...you smoke Hoyo de Monterreys. Youre a scotch man, single malt, not because its trendy but because youve been doing it for forty years, and you stay with what works. You have two great loves in your life, your horses and this company. You wept openly the day the Dow hit ten thousand...
Thats easy. Youve seen my car.
For one thing, you like expensive things.
Youre a little tougher, Peter.
He certainly has your number, Alan.
But youre not interested in boutique dollars...  I get it...
...were really more of a boutique operation, as you can see...
Not exactly. Ive seen you on CNBC.  You look taller in real life...
Do I know you?
Peter Lassiter...
Then leave it in the past. Old flames are like old tax returns.  You keep `em in the file cabinet for three years and then you cut `em loose.
Not by a long shot.
You suddenly having trouble getting dates?
Hey Peter, lemme ask you a question.  An old girlfriend calls you out of the blue on Christmas Eve...
Aspen.
Where is he?
I need you, tiger..
Why are you staring at my breasts, Peter?
Someone's gonna have to nurse him through this.
That'll happen when you're about to spend thirty billion dollars on some aspirin...
I just got a call from Terry Haight.  Bob Thomas is nervous...
And God love you for it.
That's because I'm a heartless bastard who only cares about money.
Peter.  I don't see you rushing home to trim the tree.
Im sorry, no...
Hey, my wifes in the kitchen. You got a cigarette?
Is there anything I can do for you?
No...Im not...
Hey, are you okay?
Damn...damn...damn...
Kate? No, theres no one here named Kate.  Is that good enough for you?
Is Kate here? Does Kate live here?!
Can I help you?
You wont regret it...  Tommy!  Set Mr. Conlin up with four B.F. Goodrich G-Force T/As...  ...and give him ten percent off for having the best costume...
Okay, Ill take them...
For the money, theyre hands down the best radial we carry...
Christmas?  It cant be Christmas...
Merry Christmas...
Thats totally see through...
If it's something you feel strongly about.
Maybe I can try and sneak away some time tomorrow morning...  Okay?
I've got plenty of places to go.
Don't you have anywhere to go?
I'm taking the train...
Jersey?  You know what the traffic's gonna be like?
I have to go to my parents' house out in Jersey.  Would you like to come?
So we'll get egg nog.
It's Christmas Eve, Jack.
Tonight.
I'd like that, too.
I want to see you again.
Thanks.  You're not bad yourself...
You are an amazing lover.  You should be giving motivational seminars.
Last night was great...
Of course I did.
Did you really mean what you said about Tuscany?
Congratulations. The La Guardia flights canceled but I got you out of Kennedy on United at nine. Am I good or what?
I found it!
Yes!
Ill go for a cup of coffee!
Maybe its by the wardrobe boxes...
You didnt seem to mind offering to help me on Christmas day when you were unwrapping that Prada bag I gave you.
Hey, kind of giving up Christmas day for my ex-boss here.
Hey, kind of under a little pressure here.
Do you want me to look for the box or call the airline?
Tell me.  When you grew up in Brooklyn, how many astronauts did you know?  You went your own way then.  You didn't listen to people.  So why start now...?
I mean...
I wouldn't know anything about that.
You don't know what it's like out there.  Walking around like some kind of circus freak.  People staring, whispering --
This ain't permanent.  My friend Reed's working on a cure...I think.
"Sensual blind chick seeks three-ton, rock-hard he-man for deep spiritual relationship."
You know, you could'a run an ad in the personals.
I like the sound of that.
We're going to have to work on your touch.
My step-dad's.  I'm strictly into stone.  I was wondering when you'd walk by.
Those yours too?
No, I mean...I'm a little...dusty...
Relax, it's casual.
I'm not really dressed for a party.
I'm blind, not deaf.  Wanna come in?
How'd you know it was me?
Trust me, this ain't one of those times.
Such a sad face... You know, sometimes being different isn't a bad thing.
You wouldn't say that, if you could see me.
I don't think She's real big on hate.
Forget it, egghead.  I'm good as is.
Ben, I've been crunching the numbers on the machine.  I think if we can rework the power settings...
Got it, teach.
Time for <u>your</u> lesson, Vic.  Chem 101: what happens when you <u>supercool</u> hot metal...?  Ben...
Ben, I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe--
Glad "nothing" could take you away from your work.
Yeah.  I can tell.  Victor was right.
We're working as hard as we can --
Oh, you remember my name do you?  You happen to remember what you <u>swore</u> to do with every breath in your body?
Ben --
This isn't permanent, Johnny.  We need to be careful until we're normal again.
It's about to be a broken face.
O-kay.  We'll skip that question.
Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your --
Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask --
Yeah.  You don't wanna know the details.
Okay.  I've uh, got some questions, from Sue.  That she thought might be better coming from me... Can you, you know, go to the bathroom...like normal...
If we're going to identify the source of the mutation, we need to isolate your recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genomes.
You got a chisel round here?
Yeah, nine years straight.
We had a tough year.
Am <u>I</u> okay?!  You wanna explain that?!
Ben.  Are you okay?
What the --!
I think I need to lie down.  Bad shrimp.
Are you alright?
Well maybe <u>you</u> should date him.
He's smart, powerful, successful --
I'm sorry, did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws?
What?  Come on.  She's got a good thing with Victor --
Reed, I'm not talking about Debbie.
Yeah, you and Debbie and perfect --
You go through something like this, makes you appreciate having the right woman in your life.
I should have done more, run more tests --
Reed.  Even <u>you</u> can't compute every little thing.
I don't know.  I just keep going over and over the numbers.
Solid.
Three days.  I was worried about you. How are you feeling?
How long was I out?
Ben.  This is serious.  <u>Turn around</u>.
I ain't done arranging your flowers, egghead.
<u>Should</u>?
The shields on the station should protect us.
Victor's better at these things.
This is your dream, Reed.  You should be the one up there.
He's made a few changes.
Isn't that <u>your</u> speech?
This makes five.
I had it at four.
Five times.
When have I asked you to do something you absolutely said you could not do?
I'm sure he's matured since then.
They crashed it into a wall.  A flight <i>simulator</i>.
Youthful high spirits.
No.  I cannot take orders from that underwear model.  That wingnut washed out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria Secret wannabes into a flight simulator.
External SRBs, orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in --
Can't do it.  I cannot do it.
I know, I know.  I'm just worried about what <u>he</u> wants... Speaking of which...
We got what we wanted.  That's <u>enough</u>.
Maybe you should think about <u>yourself</u> for once.  You always let this guy push you round --
Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works --
He <u>knew</u> about NASA.  What if he made the call to shut us down --
Ben, the money's not important.  We could <u>save lives</u>.
What about his first born?
Ben.  This is business.  Just work.
I can't take this.
You'd never know it.
He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century.
This wasn't our first stop, in case you forgot NASA.  And Victor's not that bad.  He's just a little...  Larger than life.
Good thing it ain't workin... Reed, what are we doing here?  This guy's fast-food, strip-mall science --
Hey, I'm Mr. Sensitivity now.  Clear the way, wide load coming through.
No more cracks about how I look.
Really?  With a name like Von <u>Doom</u>? Never saw <u>that</u> one coming.
The machine works.  And Vic's gone Mister Hyde on us --
Go back to the drawing board.
Hey!  That's a <u>prototype</u>!
Give me the god damn mirror!
They said that's not such a good idea, the shock alone could --
Give me a mirror...
I swear to you they've done everything humanly possible.  The best plastic surgeons in the world, Ben.  You had the best --
What's wrong with me?
They're fine.  Everybody <i>else</i>...is fine.
Reed? ... Sue?
Back on Earth.  Victor's medical facility... We're in quarantine.
Where...where am I?
Don't you wander off, boy.
Put your tiny little mind at ease.
Let's see: you got Victor, stud of the year, more coin than God?  Or Reed, the world's dumbest smart guy worth less than a postage stamp.  Hmmm, it's a toss-up.
Hey, two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either.
Yeah, well, his eyes say different.
'Course not.  Strictly business.
Please tell me your dawg's not trying to rekindle things with my sister.
Keep talking, there won't <u>be</u> a next time.
If you behave, maybe next time daddy'll let you drive.
Actually, the engines are SMEs. Hydrogenbase, carbon propellant. Couple generations past your last ride.  I'm not as dumb as you look.
What the hell you smiling at?  Just keep your mouth shut, and your mind on those SMBs --
I already got it.  Everything I want.
What did you wish for, honey?
Deb, it's me.  It's still me.
Oh my G-g-g.  What did you...do to Ben?
Baby, you're scaring me.
Don't come any closer for a sec.  This is gonna be kind of a shock... You remember when we said "together forever no matter what"?
Ben?
Out front?  You home, baby?  I got a surprise for you.
Deb... It's me.  I need you to step out front.
I don't care about rocks, I care about <u>you</u>.  You bring him back in one piece, or you can forget being Best Man.
Soon as I'm back, I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock.
Just get back soon, or I start looking for a new groom.
I'll be watching over you.
And you can?  Power it up?
He couldn't generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass. Yet another mistake for "Mr. Fantastic."
He <u>also</u> said we'd avoid that storm in space.  And we know how that turned out.
Reed said it'd be weeks till --
To help you.  I've run every test known to man.  And they all yield the same result: <u>the machine is ready</u>.
What do you want, Vic?
Where do you <u>think</u>?  With <u>Sue</u>.
What is this?  Where's Reed?
Ben, come in.
Come on.  Let me buy you something to eat.  Looks like you could use the company.
About me?  How sweet.
I'm worried about you.
What are <u>you</u> doing here?
Victor must've taken him.
<u>Where is Reed</u>?
No, it's not.  I thought I was done waiting for Reed... We're all in this together now, Ben.
It's easy for you to be patient.
Just give Reed a little more time. You know how he works -- analyzing every little step before he takes one --
It's not him.  It's <u>them</u>.  I can't live like this.
He didn't mean it.  You know Johnny. He's always been a hothead --
<u>What</u> did he do to the uniform?!
Oh, he did.
He didn't.
I wouldn't be caught dead in that.
The suit will stretch.  You should try it --
You look like an eighties rock band.
Well why didn't you say so?  You want me to lift some weights or something?
We need to give you a physical, so we know what got zapped.
Wouldn't want to keep Vic waiting.
I can only stay for one drink, Ben. I've got to meet with Victor.
Is it safe?
We can monitor the cloud's approach and observe the tests from here.
Victor did.
I can handle the ship.  I can even handle Mr. Blonde Ambition.  But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits.  Who the hell came up with them?
I'll schedule the launch.  Call me in the morning to talk about resources and crew.
Way to not overthink it.  So when do we leave?
That's terrible news...
But...this disease...is progressive... degenerative...
The Center for Disease Control.  If this thing is contagious --
What?
I wish I could tell you.  I can't pretend to know what we're dealing with here.  I'll notify the CDC and --
What do you mean "complete"?
At this rate, the infection should be complete in two, maybe three weeks --
Like the shields Reed said would protect us.  How long?
I don't really know.  A compound organic-metallic alloy.  Stronger than titanium or carbon steel.  Harder than diamonds --
And they're changing into...
Your tissue, your organs, your entire biophysical structure is changing. Every system is still functioning, somehow --
<u>Now</u>.
But all these people...
Johnny.  SUPERNOVA.
A higher calling like getting girls and making money?
Act.  Here we go again.  Reed, what if we got these gifts for a <u>reason</u>?  What if we have some, you know...like, calling?
You need to control yourself and <u>think</u> before you --
Right, whatever, have fun.
That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber.  It's muscle, tendon.  I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to --
They're not costumes.
He's right.  These costumes are... missing something.  I can't put my finger on it --
Oh, well that's easy: I'm hot. You're...well, you're a little limp. Sue's easy to see through.  And Ben's always been a hardass.  Why aren't you writing this down?
What?  No.  I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms.
What are you trying to say?  Just because I dress well and like to dance --
Is there something about flames? About flaming, that you --
Gotcha.  Okay.  Supernova bad.
Not only could you kill yourself, but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it.
I can go hotter!
Back it down, Johnny!
...and figure out how to reverse them. Let me show you to your rooms.
This place is deluxe.  You got cable?
We should stay here until we can define the extent of our changes...
Oh, it is.
Twenty?  From outside the place looks a lot taller.
What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot...
Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde--
You've been working out.
This is wrong in so many ways.
Ben, are you there?
Oh, you dawg you.  Better not be my nurse!
Cool.  What'd it do to you guys?
The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA.
Now what is up with <i>that</i>?
Ben!  Ben!
He's not responsive --
What about you?
Victor's right.  Johnny, get to the command center.  Close the shields.
No: You're <u>ON FIRE</u>!
Not this again --
You're on fire!
Last one down springs for room service.
I though we went over this.
Stay right.  Left is trouble.
Me like-y.
Meet me at 4:01, top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up.
My shift ends at four, but I couldn't --
I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work?
I mean, you feel a little feverish.
So are you!
You're hot!
I don't know if "we've" noticed, but the sickest runs this side of the Alps are <i>right outside that window</i> --
And where do we think we're going?
But Johnny...you <u>can't fly</u>.
Sis.  Let <u>me</u> take care of <u>you</u> for once.
What are you doing --
No, <u>I'm</u> sorry, for pushing you out.
I'm sorry, sis, for leaving you guys --
As soon as you stop <u>acting</u> like one. Come on, you're <u>smarter</u> than this. You think those people out there <u>care</u> about you?  You're just a <u>fad</u> to them.
Look around, sis!  <u>She's not here</u>.  So you can stop talking to me like I'm your little boy --
Johnny, slow down.  <u>Think</u>.  You know mom didn't raise us to --
At least it beats living in a lab like somebody's science project.
Is that what you call it?  "<i>Real</i>"?
Yeah, for the last time, I hope.  I'm done with this freak show.  I'm moving back to the real world.
Johnny?  Did you see Ben?
Blockhead started it!
You two need a time-out.
You gave us <u>names</u>?  What are you, the "face" of the Fantastic Four now?
You're gonna pay for that, Pebbles.  What?!
Dude.  That's my sister.
I'm driving.
<u>Girl</u>...?!
Uh, we call my sister the invisible girl...the Invisible Girl.
That's the temperature of the <u>sun</u>.
Sweet.
You were at 4000 Kelvin.  Any hotter, you're approaching supernova --
You're really cramping my style here.
Is that a trick question?  C'mon, I can't be the only one who thinks this is cool.
Grow up, Johnny.  You want to run around <u>on fire</u> for the rest of your life?
Wait.  You mean there's chance we could be full-on-24-7-fantastic?
I think that thing is Ben.
What is that <i>thing</i>?
Okay, "mom."
Stop it.
Johnny.
Flame on, flame off.  Flame on, flame off --
<u>Please</u> tell me you go silent too.
Apparently I can disappear.
Keep the hot side hot, and the cool side cool!
The synthetics act as a second skin, adapting to your individual needs to --
Top left, like you asked.  Today Wall Street.  Tomorrow, who knows...maybe Washington.
Front page?
Yes sir.  You've got the Mayor at eight, then a nine-thirty interview with the Journal --
Make sure you find Ben, bring him back here.  And keep it quiet.  I don't need this to hit the press.
<u>That's</u> why.  Because I could have any <u>other</u> woman... You know, when they asked Caesar "why England," he said, "because it's not <u>mine</u>."
Sir, I've always wondered... Why <u>Sue</u>? You could have any woman in the world but --
Later.  First, I've got some unfinished business.  A deal that needs closing...
You know, maybe you should get some rest --
And that's a <u>good</u> thing?
Actually, uh, people seem to think the scar "humanizes" you.
Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal...  I've <u>got to</u> do something about this scar.  Make sure they only shoot my right side.
Sir, I'm sure he wouldn't put himself --
Reed's disaster.  You know, I half- think he did this to me on purpose.
Stable.  We're looking at low twenties.  It's a good number, considering the fallout from --
How's the IPO?
Recording, sir.  We see you perfectly.
Leonard, how's the feed?
History, Leonard.  <u>History</u>. Everything else is conversation...  How's the other matter?
Then what is it?
It's not just the money.  I could make money in my sleep.
Our numbers are through the roof.  The IPO's tracking at fifty, sixty a share.  The bank's five times oversubscribed --
Showtime.
They're ready for you, sir.
Reed's <u>always</u> right.  Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got...
And if he's not...?
If Reed's right, then this little trip will double our stock offering.
Which is precisely the <u>point</u>. Analysis is over.  It's time for <u>action</u>.  My men could have mass- produced this by now.
But I'm not done with the machine --
What I <u>should</u> have done a long time ago.  Applications and patents, Reed. This all belongs to me.
What are you doing here?
I don't want to <u>understand</u> it.  This isn't one of your science projects.  I just want to <u>fix</u> it.  <u>Fast</u>!
Victor, if we could understand what happened to us --
<u>Abort</u>?  Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will <u>not</u> let you make me look like a fool --
<u>I</u> ruined?  With all due respect, I told you to abort --
Didn't go as <u>planned</u>?  It was a <u>catastrophe</u>.  You ruined the lives of four people --
Not much.  We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage.
I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you?
He's had some kind of...reaction to exposure from the cloud.  And he's not the only one.
<u>Ben</u> did this?
Ben did this.
Just a little banged up.  A couple scrapes.  Why?
It's too late for him, and soon it'll be too late for all of us.
Not until Ben is back inside!
Reed, we're running out of time.
Come on, Ben, come on...
So reel him in.  But we came here to do a <u>job</u>.  So let's do it.  <u>Quickly</u>.
Ben's still out there --
Get a grip.  Reed.  We didn't come all this way to lose our nerve at the first little glitch.  Just close the shields...
We've got <u>minutes</u> until it hits, not hours...Victor, that storm's <u>deadly</u> -- the radiation's lethal.  We need to abort.
Sure.
Got it.  So take a walk, Ben...I'm going to borrow Susan for a second.
Hilarious.
Funny how things turn out, isn't it?
The number's <u>seventy-five</u>.  And it's applications <u>and</u> patents.
You back this mission, and I'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or --
Not at all.
This isn't going to be a problem, is it?
You remember in school we talked about working together.  That's what I was about to explain...
But dreams don't pay the bills, do they?  Same old Reed, the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars, with the world on your back.
A <u>gasket</u>?  Reed, we're at a party.
I found a broken gasket, from space --
I'm sure I can come up with something.
Sue, I need some of that anger, rage, frustration --
You <u>need</u> a doctor.
The power...I need...more power...to control...the storm --
Reed, stop, you need to rest your --
I can...make it work.
That would have kinda defeated the purpose.  And Reed...  I'm saying it now.
Why didn't you say something?
When I walked out, I waited <u>ten</u> <u>minutes</u> outside your door.  Ten. Waiting for you to come find me.
I did.  I did, Reed...but I wanted <u>you</u> to be that man.
You always talked about how you liked the kind of man who could approach you...speak his mind.  One who wasn't afraid to tell you what he wanted.
I gave him twenty.
You know, I bribed the projectionist ten bucks to keep it open late?
Of course I was.  I'd read all your papers on bioethics.  Some of them two times just so I'd have something to say to you.
You <u>were</u>?
Remember our first date here...?  God, I was so nervous.
Reed.  Shh.  Just be quiet.  And look up.
I could get Ben to tap into the Baxter's main power to generate enough voltage --
<u>I'm</u> not the only one in there.  I got you, Vic, Ben, Johnny, all rattling around in there.
Every variable but <u>yourself</u>.  You don't eat, sleep.  You can't live in your head like --
Which is why I'm working <u>twenty</u> hours a day, checking every variable --
Better than your <u>life</u>.  Victor's not the one who has to get into that thing.  <u>We</u> are.
He was going to take away all my data, equipment --
Don't let Victor push you into making a mistake --
No way to know.  Without more tests, experiments.
Reed.  How close are we to a cure?
With the right energy, we can stabilize the storm.  Maybe tie into the city grid...
And you sure you can control this thing?  Last time didn't work out so well.
Of course.  Of course.
But <u>we're</u> the focus, right Reed? <u>Reed</u>...?
Curing countless diseases, not just ours.
And reverse the mutations --
If we can build a machine to re-create the storm, we can reverse the polarity --
The plants, from space.  Their particles are still charged.  With the right amount of energy, those ions could <u>create</u> the elemental profile of the cosmic storm.
What are you doing?
No.  There weren't.  There was <u>you</u>. And <u>me</u>.  No variables, no math.  It was actually the simplest thing in the world.  But your head got in the way... like it always does.
There were a lot of variables to consider --
I just wanted to share an apartment. What was so complicated about that?
I think it was a little more complicated than --
Reed.  I was ready for the next step, you weren't, ergo, I walked.
No, I distinctly remember: <u>you</u> walked out <u>my</u> door.  Ergo...
Are you kidding?
I mean, <u>you</u> broke up with <u>me</u>, right?
What in the world would give me that idea?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that... You must think that was some kind of latent hostility or --
I'm sure I can come up with something.
Okay.  Is there any way to duplicate that feeling?  Some memory or...
Anger.  Rage.  Frustration.
I'm saying, if you had a little more self control, you could locate the trigger.  Can you remember the exact emotions when --
Excuse me?
You should be able to bend light around other objects, even people, if you could control your emotional state better --
What about you?  You haven't eaten in days.  How come you're never on this side of the microscope?
It's not "invisibility" per se. You're bending the light around you with some kind of malleable force field.  That's what you projected on the Bridge.
If it happened to him, then it could...
That's what we're here to find out.
How come Ben can't turn it on and off like us?
What...?  <u>Oh</u>.
Sue.  Your clothes.  Lose them.
We need to get past them.
What?
Let's not jump to conclusions, we need a <i>massive amount of evidence</i> before making that leap.
It has to be the cloud.  It's fundamentally altered our DNA.
Sue...<i>look at your hands</i>.
What?  What do you mean you --
Uh, Sue...?  I <u>can't</u>.
You are such a dork, Reed... You never got it and never will unless it's explained to you in quantum physics.
For science.
Passion.
Which was?
I can tell you guys are enjoying what was the best part of our relationship --
You're <u>happy</u> for me and Victor.
You always had a way with words.  I should be getting back.
That's good.  That's uh...good.
Yes, thanks.
Feeling better?
Great minds think alike.
Material made from self-regulating unstable molecules.  I've been working on a formula for this.
Well, he's welcome to ride shotgun, but we already have a pilot on our payroll.  You remember my brother Johnny...
As far as crew, I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission --
It's been changed.
I, uh, think I remember the number.
Right.  That's exactly what I meant.
Well, uh, based on our history...you can handle the biogenetics, and I'll focus on the molecular physics.  Or, uhm, maybe I should take the biotech, you work the microscopes, since you have some background in electropho--
I was talking about us.  Working together.
Those solar winds are flaring, but I factored them into my coordinates and --
Never better.
You're, you've, I mean, how have you bee--
Victor, we <u>can't do anything</u> until the research is ready.
Oh, I think you already have.
Please don't make this personal --
Then why is Reed dragging his feet? Maybe he <u>likes</u> having his prize specimen under glass...  It's ironic, isn't it?  You're finally the perfect woman for him...because you're his <u>science project</u>.
If these molecules aren't stable, they could make us <u>worse</u>, maybe even kill us.
Same old Reed.  All analysis, no action.  Wasn't that the problem with you two?
He's working round the clock.  But the data needs to be tested, analyzed before --
Susan.  What are you doing?
Victor, wait, slow down a second.  I want you to know I appreciate everything you've done for me, but I just don't --
It is.  There's something we need to talk about.  Something I need to ask you...
You said it was urgent.
Please, no apologies.  I've arranged for your things to be moved to one of my condos.  You'll have round-the clock care.
I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to --
I told you, I'm fine.  It's <u>you</u> I'm worried about.
Victor, your scar --
Just <u>find</u> him.
Victor, I'm sorry I --
Victor, are you feeling alright?
What's going on?
You can't leave them out there.
Raising the shields.
What are you doing?
Sue, I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps.  And this is the biggest step yet.  If it helps, think of this as a <u>promotion</u>.  A merger of sorts...  Four little words that can change our lives...
Uh, Victor, I hope I haven't done something to make you think...
Right, of course, the company... But you see, I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with --
It's been a good two years, Victor... The company's accomplished so much.
Well, when you're looking at your future, it never hurts to find closure about the past.
I understand the <i>business</i> reasons.
Surprised I agreed to Reed's proposal?
I think you both know my Director of Genetic Research, Susan Storm.
It's just business.
Skeptical...?
For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
Reed's gonna fix me up --
I'm just saying, I know what it's like to lose something you love.  To see it slip away, and know it's never coming back.
If you're trying to cheer me up you're doing a helluva job --
I know it can't be easy.  Life hasn't changed that much for Reed, Sue and Johnny.  At least they can go out in public.  But for you?  People staring. Whispering behind your back...
'Scuse me.
Well, how about hypnosis? That can't hurt him!
I'd hold that off awhile.
Now how soon can we try Sodium Pentathol?
Along the Optic Nerve to the Eye.
If I were in their place and I'd run out of time, I'd abandon the ship before I grew to dangerous size... and use the few extra minutes to get out the quickest way possible, on my own...
What're you getting at?
That blip we're picking up might only be the radio-active particle. The Proteus may already be destroyed...
What is it?
It means killing Benes...  And for all we know, they may have completed the operation!  Damn it to hell!
Time's up... We'll have to take them out immediately.
I can't help it. I'm just weak, I guess.
I told you to cut down on the sugar.
Let's find what the devil's holding them up!  Contact the Proteus!
It'll be close -- but there's still a margin of safety.
Another delay... With only forty-two minutes left.
They'll make up some time, once they get through that and reach the Pleural Cavity.  Respiration Post...
They're in the Pulmonary Artery.
Message to Proteus.
<Cardiac Red Alert> we're stopping the Heart.
Nothing -- compared to starting it up again.
What are the problems in stopping the Heart?
That would give us only three seconds to revive him...
At topspeed...and adjusting distance for Degree of Miniaturization --  The sub should get through the Heart in fifty-seven seconds.
In his comatose state...and everything slowed down...no more than sixty seconds.
I know that. But what's the maximum?
The less time, the better.
Doctor...without killing him -- how long could we stop his heart?
Not until the very last second. We must think of something... Something to save the situation.
But it's hopeless! They can't go back and they can't go on. I tell you there's nothing else we can do but remove them!
We still have fifty-one minutes. Leave them in.
No...
But we have no choice! We've got, to take them out!
Normally not. Unless it's an Arterio-Venous Fistula --
That can't be -- there's no direct connection between the two --
They've crossed over into the Jugular Vein!
Phase Two.
Okay to proceed.
Medical's ready.
Where do we stand?
We understand your concern, but we've made our decision, Doctor. Any questions? Anybody?
Benes' natural defenses. White Corpuscles -- Antibodies. Once you begin to grow -- and become a menace to the body -- you'll trigger them off... MICHAELS With all the unknown factors in the body, I still say risking five lives for one is something we should reconsider --
Here's the overall Target Area...
Grant's uniquely qualified for this mission. He's a Communications Expert and was a Frogman during the War. Besides, he brought Benes into this country, and the fewer people who know about him, the better. At any rate, you'll find Grant invaluable, should anything go wrong once you're under way.  Okay, Don.
Why don't you go on. We'll meet you at the Clearance Desk in a few minutes.
Yes, we'd like to get moving.
He's blanked out on that one particular point.
Can't remember?... What do you mean?
Oh yes, great. The only problem is, he can't remember what he came to tell us.
Where can I get a cab back to town?
Yes?
Just one, General...
Attack? Who -- or should I say what from?
There'll be a team of Surgeons standing by. We're prepared to remove you immediately, should anything go wrong. In any event, you must be out within sixty minutes. After that, you'll be in danger of attack.
Oh yes, I've heard of you, Doctor.
This is Dr. Duval, our Head Surgeon.
Not even for a minute! General Carter, sir, I'd like you to reconsider your choice. I'm just not the right man for a mission of this kind.
It's only for an hour --
But I don't want to be Miniaturized -- !
Grant, our Miniaturizer can shrink anything.
Wait a minute! They can't shrink <me>!
As part of the Crew.
You mean <I'm> going along?
Well, the only way to reach that clot is from inside the Brain. So we've decided to put a Surgical Team and a Crew into a submarine -- reduce it way down in size, and inject it into an Artery --
Trip? Where to?
And take a little trip with them...
They're bound to try again. No wonder they want me to stand by during the operation.
That's right. He wanted us to have the secret, and not them. Which is why they tried to kill him.
I assume Benes knows how to control it.
They have...  But we've both got the same problem -- lack or control. We can only keep things Miniaturized for exactly sixty minutes. Arter that, everything starts growing back to its original size.
If the Other Side ever gets hold of a thing like that...
We can shrink an Army -- with all its equipment -- and put it in a bottle cap. That's why we call it <Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
General, I've heard some wild ones. But this takes it.
Say that again?
<Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
I don't mean to be inquisitive. But this <CMDF> -- for all I know it could stand for <Consolidated Mobilization of Female Delinquents>?
No question of her loyalty.
His technician okay? In addition to the Looks Department?
Come along, they'll be operating shortly.  See you later, Mike.
Right, sir.
I wouldn't know if he's trying to save him or kill him.
We have no choice. Duval's the most skillful brain surgeon in the country, and he's right here, at hand.
But why take the chance, when there must be other doctors?
Tell him where he fits in, will you? I've got a few things to check out.
Wish I knew why.
What can I do? Except maybe pass out?
Cora Peterson, his Technical Assistant. You'll join Duval and the others --
Sorry, but I'm rusty on surgeons. Who's the girl?
Duval. Dr. Peter Duval. Top brain man in the country. Ever hear of him?
Here's the Surgeon.
I can't even put a Band-Aid on my finger.
<Me>?
-- and why we need you.
Before he could breathe a word. He's the only scientist who knows the answer to what we're after. That's why we have to operate --
Before or after what he wanted to tell you?
Brain injury.
How bad off is he?
The Other Side got to him.
Benes... What the devil happened?
The Pentagon, wasn't it, General? Only you weren't in that uniform...
Hello, Grant. Good to see you again.
And no matter what happens, you're to take orders <only> from Dr. Michaels, understand?
I'll be standing by. <I'll> know.
That's no reason to suspect him of disloyalty.
Difficult? He's impossible!
I don't agree. Just because he's often difficult --
[LINE OF DIALOGUE CUT OFF]
Glad to have you with us, Mr. Grant.
Meet Grant. This is Dr. Michaels, Chief of the Medical Section.
Yes, Alan.
Yes, there's no time to spare. And those fibers can be quite tenacious.
Wouldn't it be quicker if we all helped?
No danger of attack, as long as you don't trigger them off by any injury to the System.
You're going out there? With those Antibodies --
With no laser --
We must!
That's beside the point now.  I don't see the sense of going on.
We'll know -- in the next breath...
But we just can't leave him in there! What'll happen to him?
It must have been jarred loose during the whirlpool.
I can't imagine how it possibly could have come loose. I distinctly recall fastening it with all four bolts --
Yes...slowed down agreat deal.
Listen...the Heart.
He certainly is. He should be up and about in no time.
He's making a fine recovery.
I don't know yet, Doctor. And I won't know until I test it.
Cora, is something wrong with the laser?
No danger of an embolism. At our reduced scale, they're much too minute to prove fatal to Benes.
Air bubbles!... Doctor --
Dr. Michaels is right. We have no choice.
Doctor...you can't mean that! Not when we've come this far. And if we give up, there'll be no way of saving Mr. Benes --
But big enough for us...
Yes, a fistula too small to show up on the X-rays.
They're much smaller than bacteria...
Never saw <that>. Not even under an electron-mrcroscope.
Thank you for volunteering.
I just wanted to thank you for taking me along.
What is it?  Anything wrong?
I -- I want to say...
Yes, Cora.
Doctor...
Look! They follow the direction of her glance, are startled to see:
We better get back to the sub. Every second counts now.
Well, if you happen to be very fond of him -- even in love with him -- it would certainly affect your point of view.
What do you mean?
Depends on which end of the telescope you look through.
Oh, no. Plenty of cause. He won't follow the herd, or change his convictions -- even when they're not popular. And he believes in an absolutely free interchange of information between scientists of different countries -- and these days, there's nothing more suspicious than that.
Under a cloud without cause, I take it.
You're not the first, but he's much too innocent, much too involved with his work, to realize what's going on around him.
As obvious as that? Our Security people will jump for joy.  I suppose Duval's onto me, too?
That's why you're really here. I knew it from the start.
What gives you that idea?
Keeping an eye on Dr. Duval...
Such as?
A great deal more than that, I believe...
That's what they pay me for.
Thank you for saving my life.
I feel much better now...
No need to get up --
I can't till the hatch is flooded!
Open it! Open it before they get here!
I've got a source. All I have to do is tap it.
Oh yes, I'm sure Dr. Duval could. If we had the parts.
A surgeon might...
No, it requires such absolute precision --
If you had a transistor about this size and power output, and a thin enough wire --  -- could you piece it together?
Not anything built into the chassis.  If it hadn't come loose --
You must carry spare parts --
You can't --it's too dangerous --
I'll try to hold it from the other side of the wall, while you push from out here. Maybe that'll do it.
Not now. We need air, not greetings!
Shouldn't you answer that?
I have no idea.
Then how come it worked loose?
But I did. I'm positive!
Looks like you didn't batten it down too well.
Doctor -- is it possible? That we're seeing it happen before our eyes?
Look at that...they're changing color...
And if it should take more time to get through --
-- at which point the Heart will be stopped by electric shock.
I always thought it was nothing but red.
I never...never imagined it could be anything...like this.
Not working for someone like Dr. Duval --
A long time, with one man.
I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF, over five years ago.
I understand you've been Dr. Duval's Assistant for quite some time... He must've snatched you out of the cradle.
Not in the hands of a great surgeon like Dr. Duval. The beam of this laser can be regulated to one millionth of a millimeter.
That could be quite a lethal weapon... It could kill, not cure.
Now I know...
That'll teach you where to keep your hand.
You may learn to like it.
That's the trouble. I am. Being shrunk...
I think it's the most exciting --  We're going to see things no one ever saw before. The actual physical process of Life itself -- not something under a microscope... Just think of it --
Well, it's not exactly a pleasure cruise.
You sound as if you're not looking forward to it.
I'll take some Laughing Gas, ma'am.
We're pushing oxygen today.
Bet you're pretty handy around the house... Can you cook?
I'm going to do what I can to save Benes.
Dr. Duval, you are not going through with this! I absolutely forbid it! I'm responsible for the lives of everyone here! I will not allow you or anyone else to leave this ship!
We have no alternative. With only six minutes left, we'll just barely make it.
Removal Point? What're you talking about!
The Breath of God...
What's that?
You left something out.
--and certain chemicals involving proteins --
Take a close look at your Soul, and your Infinity, and your God out there --
The Soul? The finite mind cannot comprehend Infinity. And the Soul which comes from God is Infinite.
I know only too well what's in the balance, Doctor. And it's not my ego, damned or otherwise.
As usual, you want everything your way. Except this time there's more than your damned ego at stake.
I'll do nothing of the sort! The operation is <my> responsibility! I won't do it, and that's final!
Dr. Duvall I insist you test the laser.
If it won't work, it's beyond my power to fix it. But if it does, there's no telling how long it will hold up. It's a jury rig, at best, and we'll need every second of use we can get out of it. That's why I don't want to put any extra strain on the connections by running unnecessary tests.
All I'm asking is you test it beforehand!
I've done all I could with the laser.
Better Judgment?! To wait until the actual operation -- when it may be too late?
It's against my better Judgment...
If we can go in past the Oculomotor Nerve...
Yes...
That puts us right here... Which means we can head straight for the Sub Arachnoid Cavity.
Nothing -- against all that force.
What can we do?
You can't believe all that's accidental? That there isn't a Creative Intelligence at work --
Nothing miraculous about it. Just an interchange of gases. The end product of five hundred million years of Evolution.
Captain -- head in the d1rection of the flow and drift with it.
We can't take a second more.
Not in a sealed vessel like an Artery.  Captain -- something must be wrong with your controls!
But that isn't possible.
That's not the purpose of this mission.  Captain -- keep a straight course -- until you're in the clear.
I don't agree. I think we ought to stop and take a sample.
Looks like the molecular structure of proteins.
It's too late now. We must go on.
I can't breathe!... I've got to get out!
Doctor, what's wrong?
It's too late!
What about Dr. Michaels?
You said there was a quick way out!
We could follow the Optic Nerve to the corner of the Eye.
The ship's good as finished. We'll have to get out on our own! Is there a quick way out?
It I can clear this Central Nerve, that <may> be enough...
Doctor, we've just about had it.
If I can relieve the pressure on a few key vessels...
How does it look, Doctor?
"Proclaiming in incandescent glory The myriad Mind of Man..."
"Yet all the suns that light the Corridors of the Universe shine dim, Before the blazing of a Single Thought -- "
Then why not take it?
Yes...  We can transfer over to the Inner Ear, and go by way of the Endolymphatic Duct.
Isn't there another route? So we can by-pass all this?
We'll never get there in time, at this rate.
No, there's no other way.
Isn't there another surgical procedure you can try?
Maybe we can...  Skipper, is there a snorkel on this sub?
Just a few cells away from a vast air chamber -- one of the countless Alvioli of the Lung -- and we can't get enough to fill a microscopic tank.
Oxygenation...
Don't tell me they're refueling...
A simple exchange, Mr. Grant. Corpuscles releasing carbon dioxide -- the moment they touch the Wall of the Lung -- in return for oxygen coming through from the other side.
Mind letting me in on what's going on out there?
They all lead to the same place -- the Lungs.
I'd hate to get lost on that Freeway...
Quite a piece of plumbing.
Only to the naked eye.  Those corpuscles -- carrying oxygen -- give the stream its color. But the rest of the plasma's very much like sea water. An ocean of life...
Everything can be divided in half, no matter how minute.
You mean Inner Space is endless?
The Medieval Philosophers were right... <Man> is the center of the Universe... We stand in the middle of Infinity, between Outer and Inner Space. And there's no limit to either.
Why not? Because of his gibberish about GOd and the Soul? Camouflage -- that's all it is -- to blind the gullible like you! And to hide his real identity -- a fanatic whose only purpose is to kill Benes! And you made it possible!
I don't believe that.
Nothing has changed as far as <my> authority goes! He is <not> going to operate! Not in the little time we have left! There's no chance of success! It's sheer suicide for all of us!
Sorry, but the situation has changed.
I'm in charge of this mission! You were instructed to take orders from me, not give them!
How long will it take to get from here to the Removal Point?
Once time's up, De-Miniaturization begins. In a matter of seconds the ship will grow big enough to become a danger to the System. Then White Corpuscles will swarm to destroy it, as they would any invader.
Hold it, Skipper.  What happens if we overstay?
No, we should reach the base of the Brain shortly. And from there, it's not far to the site of the injury.
Looks like quite a way to go...
Let's hope they realize the danger.  Captain, I'll give you a new compass heading.
They're tracking us Topside. Once they see where we're going, I'm sure they'll take every precaution.
Just what it is. Antibodies, destroying Bacteria -- or any other foreign invader that threatens the System.
Looks like somebody declared war.
Reticular fibers. We ought to be clear of them soon.
Skipper, you're picking up seaweed -- or whatever it is.
The Lymphatic System drains off excess fluid from the Tissues. Without it, we'd all swell up like balloons. He reaches the console, begins to take out a new chart.
I always had an idea there was only one System. The Circulatory.
We're entering the Lymphatic System. Those are nuclei of cells, lining a Duct.
It's possible --
Two in a row?
I can't believe it. Whatever happened was an accident.
You still never know what's going on in anyone's mind...
I -- I don't know what to say. I know he's under a cloud, but there's not a more dedicated man in the entire medical profession.
That line was tampered with...
You have no right to blame Duval --
I saw the laser just before we started. It was fastened down securely. You don't suppose what happened was an 'accident?' Any more than my safety line snapping after it was tied off to the sub?
Sabotage? I don't understand...
Let's hope... So far, somebody's tried to sabotage this mission twice.
His Pleura's in fine condition. It should be clear sailing through this area.
Cough? If he can kick up a storm by just <breathing> --
We're safe -- long as it remains that color...  We're in the Pleural Sac.  It keeps the Lungs from rubbing against the Wall of the Chest up there. When those membranes become inflamed, we wind up with Pleurisy -- and a wracking cough.
Looks like the sea, at dawn.
Send the following message...
Well, sir? Which is it? The wireless, or Benes' life?
They'll still be able to track us by radar, because of the radioactive fuel.
But that'll knock out our communications! We'll be cutting ourselves off from the outside.
Just one little transistor and a circuit wire is all it takes.
Grant -- wait a minute -- you're not going to dismantle the wireless?
Walt for the lull -- between the time he inhales and exhales.
All right now -- push the snorkel through as soon as I get inside.
There's no other way. Tie my safety line to the sub.
Yes -- with all that pressure, and suction within --
Well, we better get on with it.
In a way -- yes. Those are impurities imbedded in the Lung after a lifetime of 'Civilization.' Carbon from smoke and smog -- specks of dust --
If those Corpuscles can take on air, no reason why we can't.  All we have to do is hook up the snorkel to that air chamber you were talk1ng about, and when Benes inhales, there should be plenty of pressure to force the oxygen into the tank.  How's that sound to you, Skipper?
At this size, I would certainly think so.
Fasten yourselves in. There should be a tremendous surge when the Heart starts up again.
There it is!
It lays down quite a barrage in a lifetime. Forty million beats.
Sounds like heavy artillery...
Request removal, Mr. Grant.
If there's any chance --
Tell them to take us out.
I'm afraid there's only one thing we can do. Call off the mission.
That's just dandy. We can't go forward -- and we can't go back.
Yes... We can go forward on this course, but it means going directly through the Heart.
If we can't go back, is there an alternate route?
A forced joining of an Artery and Vein. Must've happened when Benes was hurt.
A what?
Well, it seems to me if you reduce a ship to microscopic size -- and the stream remains constant -- we'd take quite a beating.
About forty miles an hour.
How are you, Miss Peterson?
Miss Peterson, his Technical Assistant.
Surgical assassination?! But that means you suspect --
They know they failed to kill Benes. Security thinks they'll try again, first chance they get. We're afraid of medical sabotage -- or surgical assassination.
At an operation?
We need you for Security purposes, Mr. Grant.
And she said it was indelible...
I'm married.
What'd you do that for?
Go ahead.
May I?
I can't tell you that either... Excuse me, Mr. Grant, but you've got a smudge on your cheek.
Where we going?
I can't tell you.
I thought I was on my vacation... What's it all about?
Sorry we had to get you up at this hour, Mr. Grant.
Nothing wrong with us! Not a thing! We're fine -- just fine!
Oh -- sure, sure! Never better!
We feel great, don't we? Just <great>?!
Uh -- what?
Who, me? Oh, no! Don't bother about me! We're not hurt! Isn't that right, Skipper?
We can get out through the Lab Section.
Come on -- it's no use!
Berserk nothing. He's the one who's been sabotaging the mission...  Get this on. Hurry!
Dr. Michaels... He went berserk...
What happened?
Remember -- we can't take more than five minutes to get out.
I've come up against fanatics before, and Duval just doesn't fit the pattern.  I'm going out there, Skipper. Maybe I can be of some help...
Enough to breathe, but that's all.
Any reserve air?
Positions, please. And strap yourselves in.
'Prepare for Miniaturization'...
Remind me to ask you about the love life of an octupus.
Designed for Piscatorial Research -- the Spawning Habits of Deep Sea Fish.
All in all, quite a canoe...
It should work -- theoretically. If it doesn't, the mission's off. The craft's nuclear-powered. Except for your wireless.
That's cutting it mighty close -- for a perfect fit.
They can't reduce nuclear fuel. But once the Reactor's Miniaturized -- along with the submarine -- a microscopic particle should emit enough energy to activate it.
If it's no military secret, how can a sub run on a microscopic particle?
Nothing you could see with the naked eye. But there's a microscopic radio-active particle inside.
Atomic fuel?
That makes two of us.
Sort of.
Out of your element, aren't you, Captain?
I could use a lawnmower...
How's it look?
What I was afraid would happen. The stuff we passed through -- that looked like seaweed --
What's wrong, Skipper?
Look at those Walls up ahead!
Thirty-two minutes left...  But chances are we won't have to wait that long for try-number three.
Could I run a tube through that Wall, without harming Benes?
Yes, there is.
We're losing pressure in the Flotation Tanks. Check the Manual, right over there.
What is it, Skipper?
Yes, by all means. We must try it.
It's a dangerous procedure. If I miss the timing, we could explode the tanks... But I'm willing to try it.
Not to the valve. But we've lost too much air to make it the rest of the way.
Was there any damage?
Well, that takes care of the valve. It was probably caused by that electric shock.
I'll guide you, once we're in the Heart.
I'll never find my way through that.
Looks simple to operate.
That's it...
On the Repeater.
Captain, how will you be able to follow my charts --  --from up there?
The only danger of turbulence is in the Heart -- and we're not going through it.  Once in the Carotid Artery, we'll remain in the Arterial System... until we reach the point of damage --  -- where Dr. Duval will attempt to dissolve the clot with a laser beam. After the operation, we'll return by way of the Venous System --  -- until we reach the base of the neck --  -- where we'll be removed right here -- with a hypodermic.
Even so, because of our size -- I mean lack of it -- we'll still be cruising mighty fast. We'll be smashed to bits if there's any turbulence --
Fluid is seeping through. Better come down and have a look!
What do you mean?
There seems to be something wrong with the Escape Hatch...
It's less than one ten-thousandth of an inch thick. And porous.
The Wall's transparent...
We're entering a Capillary. Remain in the middle.
Doctor -- the channel's getting awful narrow.
I'll do what I can.
Then don't drift down further.
We could never fight that current it's physically impossible.
May I have your ticket, please?
Ophhem ma fuchem gaphe!
Well, see, there's a minimum charge of four dollars. Long-term parking charges by the day.
I just pulled in here. I just fucking pulled in here!
I'm sorry, sir, we do have to charge you the four dollars.
I decided not to - I'm, uh, not taking the trip as it turns out.
You, uh... I'm sorry, sir, but -
Yeah, I just came in. I decided not to park here.
...What do you mean, you decided not to park here?
Unghh... oh, geez...
...Is this a fucking joke?
Is this a fucking joke here?
No Jean, no money!
Drop that fucking money!
Where's my damn daughter? No Jean, no money!
Fuck you, man! Where's Jerry? I gave SIMPLE FUCKING INSTRUCTIONS -
Where's my daughter?
I am through fucking around! Drop that fucking briefcase!
I got your goddamn money, you little punk. Now where's my daughter?
Who the fuck are you? Who the fuck are you?
That's my license and registration. I wanna be in compliance.
What's this, sir?
...So maybe the best thing would be to take care of that, right here in Brainerd.
Certainly.
Can I see your license and registration please?
Certainly -
You're required to display temporary tags, either in the plate area or taped inside the back window.
It certainly is, officer. Still got that smell!
This is a new car, then, sir?
...What're you talking about?
Ya find the work interesting, do ya?
I don't know. Few munce.
... What is he, deaf?... So, uh, how long have you been with the escort service?
Yeah, well, it depends on the artist. You know, Jose Feliciano, ya got no complaints. Waiter!
I don't think so. It's nice.
Have ya been to the Celebrity Room before? With other, uh, clients?
Wuddya do?  Carl looks around.
Just in town on business. Just in and out. Ha ha! A little of the old in-and-out!
HOLD ON! NO FUCKIN' WAY! YOU FUCKIN' NOTISH ISH? I GOT FUCKIN' SHOT INNA FAISH! I WENT'N GOTTA FUCKIN' MONEY! I GET SHOT FUCKIN' PICKIN' IT UP!  I BEEN UP FOR THIRTY-SHIKSH FUCKIN' HOURZH! I'M TAKIN' THAT FUCKIN' CAR! THAT FUCKERZH MINE!
One of us pays the other for half.
We split that.
...You c'n'ave my truck. I'm takin' a Shiera.
Jezhush.
She started shrieking, you know.
Yeah.
Clear him off the road.
Whoa, Daddy.
You'll take care of it. Boy, you are smooth smooth, you know.
Geez. That's more'n I've heard you say all week.
Shut the fuck up or I'll throw you back in the trunk, you know.
I need ...unguent.
Huh?  Grimsurd looks at his thumb.
Unguent.
"No." First thing you've said in the last four hours. That's a, that's a fountain of conversation, man. That's a geyser. I mean, whoa, daddy, stand back, man. Shit, I'm sittin' here driving, man, doin' all the driving, whole fuckin' way from Brainerd, drivin', tryin' to, you know, tryin' to chat, keep our spirits up, fight the boredom of the road, and you can't say one fucking thing just in the way of conversation.
I did.
...Would it kill you to say something?
No.
...Look at that. Twin Cities.  IDS Building, the big glass one.  Tallest skyscraper in the Midwest.  After the Sears, uh, Chicago...  You never been to Minneapolis?
Yeah, yeah, Jesus - I'm sayin', we'll stop for pancakes, then we'll get laid. Wuddya think?
I'm fuckin' hungry now, you know.
...Come on, man. Okay, here's an idea. We'll stop outside of Brainerd. I know a place there we can get laid. Wuddya think?
What're you, nuts? We had pancakes for breakfast. I gotta go somewhere I can get a shot and a beer - and a steak maybe.  Not more fuckin' pancakes. Come on.
We stop at Pancakes Hause.
What?
Where is Pancakes Hause?
Or your fucking wife, Jerry.
Or your fucking wife, you know.
Okay, real good, then.
GOT IT?
...Yah, well, you stay away from Scotty now -
You're there in thirty minutes or I find you, Jerry, and I shoot you, and I shoot your fucking wife, and I shoot all your little fucking children, and I shoot 'em all in the back of their little fucking heads. Got it?
Yah, okay, but, uh -
Don't you fucking but me, Jerry.  I want you with this money on the Dayton- Radisson parking ramp, top level, thirty minutes, and we'll wrap this up.
Yah, I got the money, but, uh -
I'll see you tomorrow.
...The heck d'ya mean?
IS IT, JERRY?  You ask those three pour souls up in Brainerd if a deal's a deal! Go ahead, ask 'em!
Now we had a deal here! A deal's a deal!
Blood has been shed. We've incurred risks, Jerry. I'm coming into town tomorrow. Have the money ready.
Oh, for Chrissakes here -
Look. I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry. The price is now the whole amount. We want the entire eighty thousand.
Well, I'm sorry, but I just - I -
DON'T EVER INTERRUPT ME, JERRY! JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP!
This was s'posed to be a no-rough stuff-type deal -
We need more -
The heck d'ya mean? What a you guys got yourself mixed up in?
That's right. And we need more money.
Oh, geez.
Three people. In Brainerd.
What the heck d'ya mean?
...Blood has been shed.
Blood has been shed, Jerry.
What the heck're you talkin' about? Let's just finish up this deal here -
Oh, Jean's okay. But there's three people up in Brainerd who aren't so okay, I'll tell ya that.
My wife! What the - how's -
...Who's Jean?
Okay, Jerry. You're tasking us to perform this mission, but you, you won't, uh, you won't - aw, fuck it, let's take a look at that Ciera.
Yah. Personal matters that needn't, uh -
Personal matters.
Well, it's all just part of this - they don't know I need it, see. Okay, so there's that. And even if they did, I wouldn't get it.  So there's that on top, then. See, these're personal matters.
So why don't you just ask him for the money?
Well, that's, that's, I'm not go inta, inta - see, I just need money. Now, her dad's real wealthy -
What kind of trouble are you in, Jerry?
Okay, it's - see, it's not me payin' the ransom. The thing is, my wife, she's wealthy - her dad, he's real well off. Now, I'm in a bit of trouble -
...You-my point is, you pay the ransom- what eighty thousand bucks?  - I mean, you give us half the ransom, forty thousand, you keep half. It's like robbing Peter to play Paul, it doesn't make any -
Yah.
You want your own wife kidnapped?
Oh, no, it's real sound. It's all worked out.
I'm not gonna sit here and debate. I will say this though: what Shep told us didn't make a whole lot of sense.
Okay.
I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry.
Yah. But it's not a whole pay-in- advance deal. I give you a brand-new vehicle in advance and -
Yeah, you already said that.
Yah, well, that was a mix-up, then.
Except that you were gonna be here at 7:30.
Well, okay, it's -
Shep didn't tell us much, Jerry.
Yah, but the deal was, the car first, see, then the forty thousand, like as if it was the ransom. I thought Shep told you -
The new vehicle, plus forty thousand dollars.
Huh?
No, that's not it, Jerry.
...So I guess that's it, then.  Here's the keys -
Yah, you don't need that. Now were you thinking of financing here?  You oughta be aware a this GMAC plan they have now, it's really super -
Yah, I don't need no sealant though.
Yah, ya got yer, this loaded here, this has yer independent, uh, yer slipped differential, uh, yer rack- and-pinion steering, yer alarm and radar, and I can give it to ya with a heck of a sealant, this TruCoat stuff, it'll keep the salt off -
Oh, for Christ's sake, where's my goddamn checkbook. Let's get this over with.
One hunnert's the best we can do here.
One hundred! You lied to me, Mr. Lundegaard. You're a bald-faced liar!
Well, he never done this before, but seein' as it's special circumstances and all, he says I can knock one hunnert off that TruCoat.
Well, okay, I'll talk to my boss...
You called me twenty minutes ago and said you had it! Ready to make delivery, ya says! Come on down and get it!  And here ya are and you're wastin' my time and you're wastin' my wife's time and I'm payin' nineteen- five for this vehicle here!
Okay, I'm not sayin' I didn't -
We had us a deal here for nineteen- five. You sat there and darned if you didn't tell me you'd get this car, these options, WITHOUT THE SEALANT, for nineteen-five!
Yah, but this TruCoat -
You're sittin' here, you're talkin' in circles! You're talkin' like we didn't go over this already!
Yah, but I'm sayin', that TruCoat, you don't get it and you get oxidization problems. It'll cost you a heck of lot more'n five hunnert -
I sat right here and said I didn't want no TruCoat!
Yah, but that TruCoat -
We sat here right in this room and went over this and over this!
Oh, don't be silly.
Well, okay - thank you, Detective.
Oh, don't be silly.
Oh, no, I can't let you do that.
Both of these.
Where'd you get him that parka?
Yah, he -
Oh, he's adorable.
He's three now. Course, not in that picture.
Oh, now he's adorable.
I thought you'd never ask. The older one is Janet, she's nine, and the younger one is Morgan.
You have children?
They can really take over, that's for sure.
Oh, yah, I know that!
That's wonderful. Mm-mm. It'll change your life, a course.
This'll be our first. We've been waiting a long time.
Any others?
End a April.
Ah, well, we haven't had to run around like you. When're you due?
Ya got that right.
Yah, got a front movin' in.
Oh sure. They say she's gonna turn cold tomorrow.
Okay, well, thanks a bunch, Mr. Mohra. You're right, it's probably nothin', but thanks for callin' her in.
Just a general way.
Uh-huh - in what way?
Oh, he was a little guy, kinda funny- lookin'.
What'd this guy look like anyways?
So, ya know, he's drinkin', so I don't think a whole great deal of it, but Mrs. Mohra heard about the homicides out here and she thought I should call it in, so I called it in. End a story.
Oh sure.
Well, Ecklund & Swedlin's, that's closer ta Moose Lake, so I made that assumption.
White Bear Lake?
And he says, 'Yah, that guy's dead and I don't mean a old age.' And then he says, 'Geez, I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake.'
Ya got that right.
And then he calls me a jerk and says the last guy who thought he was a jerk was dead now. So I don't say nothin' and he says, 'What do ya think about that?'  So I says, 'Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him then.'
I unnerstand.
So he says, 'So I get it, so you think I'm some kinda jerk for askin',' only he doesn't use the word jerk.
Uh-huh.
...So, I'm tendin' bar there at Ecklund & Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinkin' and he says, 'So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake.'  And I says, 'What kinda action?' and he says, 'Woman action, what do I look like,' And I says 'Well, what do I look like, I don't arrange that kinda thing,' and he says, 'I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake' and I says, 'Well, this ain't that kinda place.'
Yah, right-o.
Officer Olson.
Yah.
Mr. Mohra?
How ya doin'?
Oh, yah? Twin Cities?
...Yah, okay, I think I'll drive down there, then.
Yah.
Uh-huh.
Shep Proudfoot. That's a name.
Uh-huh... A what?
First one's a trucking company, second one's a private residence.  A Shep Proudfoot.
Mm.
The numbers y'asked for, calls made from the lobby pay phone at the Blue Ox. Two to Minneapolis that night.
No, I gotta - hey, Norm, I thought you were goin' fishin' up at Mile Lacs?
Pretty darn good, ya want some?
Hiya, Norm. How ya doin', Margie? How's the fricassee?
Oh, yah?
They said they were goin' to the Twin Cities?
And what about the other fella?
No. Like I say, he was funny-looking. More'n most people even.
Is there anything else you can tell me about him?
Uh-huh.
So you were having sex with the little fella, then?
Yah.
Was he funny-looking apart from that?
I couldn't really say. He wasn't circumcised.
Can you be any more specific?
I dunno. Just funny-looking.
In what way?
Well, the little guy, he was kinda funny-looking.
Chaska.
Where you girls from?
Yah.
Yah, that can happen.
A subconscious-type thing.
Uh-huh.
Yah. Maybe I'm sayin' that cause he smoked Marlboros.
Yah?
He was a little older. Looked like the Marlboro man.
Okay, I want you to tell me what these fellas looked like.
LeSeure. But I went to high school in White Bear Lake.
Hold on.
...What's the big deal? It's an hour -
Oh, man!
Okay. Well, that's why we don't want ya goin' out fer hockey.
Yeah!
You know what a disparity is?
Uh-huh.
And yet you're gettin' C grades. It's this disparity there that concerns your dad and me.
Uhn.
You're not a C student.
Uh-huh.
I'm talkin' about your potential.
No, no. See - they, no, see, they only deal with me. Ya feel this, this nervousness on the phone there, they're very - these guys're dangerous -
Wade's got a point there. I'll handle the call if you want, Jerry.
Yah, geez, Scotty. I'll go talk to him.
Okay. And Scotty, is he gonna be all right?
Ya know, they said no one listenin' in, they'll be watchin', ya know. Maybe it's all bull, but like you said, Stan, they're callin' the shots.
Yah.
No, I - they don't want - they're just s'posed to be dealin' with me, they were real clear.
Okay. We'll get the money together. Don't worry about it, Jerry. Now, d'you want anyone at home, with you, until they call?
They're gonna call, give me instructions for a drop. I'm supposed to have the money ready tomorrow.
What's the next step here, Jerry?
Yah!
We're not horse-trading here, Wade, we just gotta bite the bullet on this thing.
Jerry, we're not just going to give you seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
No, see, I don't need a finder's fee, I need - finder's fee's, what, ten percent, heck that's not gonna do it for me. I need the principal.
You're sayin' - what're you sayin'?
Yah, right -
Jerry - we thought you were bringin' us an investment.
...My fee? Wade, what the heck're you talkin' about?
The financials are pretty thorough, so the only thing we don't know is your fee.
Oh, those numbers are all right, bleemee.
Good to see ya again, Jerry. If these numbers are right, this looks pretty sweet.
Ya kiddin'!
Yah.
They're playin' the Buckeyes!
You wouldn't have an extra ticket there?
You bet.
So you're goin' to the Gophers on Sunday?
We're gonna get Mom back for ya, but we gotta play ball. Ya know, that's the deal. Now if Lorraine calls, or Sylvia, you just say that Mom is in Florida with Pearl and Marty...
Yeah, but -
No! We can't let anyone know about this thing! We gotta play ball with these guys - you ask Stan Grossman, he'll tell ya the same thing!
Dad, I really think we should call the cops.
No, no, nothin's goin' wrong here. Grandad and I, we're - we're makin' sure this gets handled right.
What if - what if sumpn goes wrong?
It's okay, Scotty. They're not gonna want to hurt her any.  These men, they just want money, see.
Dad! What're they doing? Wuddya think they're doin' with Mom?
...How ya doin' there, Scotty?
Look, Dad, there is no fucking way -
...Yah, okay...
I'm sorry, sir, I -
...If it's so damned important to ya!
Sure right now! You're darned tootin'!
Sir? Right now?
Okay, I'll do a damned lot count!
I'm not, uh, I'm not arguin' here. I'm cooperating... There's no, uh - we're doin' all we can...
Sir, you have no call to get snippy with me. I'm just doin' my job here.
Ma'am, I answered your question.  I answered the darn - I'm cooperating here, and I...
... I'm sorry, sir?
Ma'am, I answered your question.
I know, but - well, how do you establish that, sir? Are the cars, uh, counted daily or what kind of -
We run a pretty tight ship here.
Yah, but -
Well, I would know. I'm the Executive Sales Manager.
but do you know that for sure without -
The car's not from our lot, ma'am.
So how do you - have you done any kind of inventory recently?
Yah, I see.
Okay, are you sure, cause, I mean, how do you know?  Because, see, the crime I'm investigating, the perpetrators were driving a car with dealer plates. And they called someone who works here, so it'd be quite a coincidence if they weren't, ya know, connected.
Yah, like I told ya, we haven't had any vehicles go missing.
Yah, it's this vehicle I asked you about yesterday. I was just wondering -
No, I -
I unnerstand. I'll keep it real short, then. I'm on my way out of town, but I was just - Do you mind if I sit down? I'm carrying a bit of a load here.
Yah, no, I'm kinda - I'm kinda busy -
Okey-dokey, thanks a bunch. I'll let you get back to your paperwork, then.
No. No, ma'am.
Yah, ya know we've got the big statue there. So you haven't had any vehicles go missing, then?
...Babe the Blue Ox?
Yah. Yah. Home a Paul Bunyan and Babe the Blue Ox.
...Brainerd?
...Mr. Lundegaard?
Uh-huh. Well, I'm a police officer from up Brainerd investigating some malfeasance and I was just wondering if you've had any new vehicles stolen off the lot in the past couple of weeks - specifically a tan Cutlass Ciera?
My father-in-law, he's the owner.
Well, you can help me. My name's Marge Gunderson -
Naw, I... Executive Sales Manager.
...You're the owner here, Mr. Lundegaard?
Huh? Do you mind if I sit down - I'm carrying quite a load here.
What... What is it all about?
I wonder if I could take just a minute of your time here -
Huh? Yah?
Mr. Lundegaard?
Be back in a minute. If Stan calls you, just tell him I went to Embers. Oh, geez -
Where're you going?
It's okay, Scotty.
...Dad?
...Yah.
Good day, sir.
Yah.
My patience is at an end.
Yah.
Mr. Lundegaard, that very well may be. I must inform you, however, that absent the receipt of those numbers by tomorrow afternoon, I will have to refer this matter to our legal department.
Yah!  I... those are in the mail.
This is Reilly Deifenbach at GMAC. Sir, I have not yet received those vehicle IDs you promised me.
Yah!
Jerome Lundegaard?
Yah!
What the - how's Jean?
Things have changed. Circumstances, Jerry. Beyond the, uh... acts of God, force majeure..
Well, what do ya mean?
Circumstances have changed, Jerry.
Well, yah, I got an idea. How's that Ciera workin' out for ya?
Know who this is?
Well... yah.
All right, Jerry, you got this phone to yourself?
Jerry Lundegaard.
Okay, real good, then.
Okay.
I mean send it over. I'll shoot it right over to ya.
No, no, fax is -
Yah, no problem, I'll just fax that over to ya, then.
Three hundred and twenty thousand dollars. See, I gotta correlate that money with the cars it's being lent on.
Yah, how much money was that?
Okay, because if I can't correlate this note with the specific vehicles, then I gotta call back that money -
Yah, okay, I'll have my girl send you over a copy, then.
No, fax is no good, that's what I have and I can't read the darn thing -
Well, but see, I don't have 'em in front a me - why don't I just fax you over a copy -
I'm sure they do - ha ha! But I can't read their serial numbers here. So if you could read me -
Yah, well, they exist all right.
Yeah, but we have an audit here, I just have to know that these vehicles you're financing with this money, that they really exist.
But the deal's already done, I already got the money -
Yeah, but the vehicles you were borrowing on, I just can't read the serial numbers on your application. Maybe if you could just read them to me -
Yah, so we're all set.
Yeah, the three hundred and twenty thousand dollars, you got the money last month.
But I already got the, it's okay, the loans are in place, I already got the, the what, the -
That's for sure. Now, I just need, on these last, these financing documents you sent us, I can't read the serial numbers of the vehicles on here, so I -
Yah, it's pretty darned busy here, but that's the way we like it.
Pretty good, Mr. Lundegaard.  You're damned hard to get on the phone.
Yah, real good. How you doin'?
Dad's here.
Yah, real good.
Thank you, hon. How's Fargo?
Hon? Got the growshries.
Yah, no, I'm sure you are. Shep vouched for you and all. I got every confidence in you fellas.
Sure, Jerry, we're all set. Why wouldn't we be?
Yah, how ya doin'. So, uh, we all set on this thing, then?
Yeah, okay. Well, siddown then.  I'm Carl Showalter and this is my associate Gaear Grimsrud.
Yah, you bet. It's in the lot there. Brand-new burnt umber Ciera.
Ya got the car?
I'm sure sorry. I - Shep told me 8:30. It was a mix-up, I guess.
We been sitting here an hour.  I've peed three times already.
Shep said 8:30.
Shep said you'd be here at 7:30. What gives, man?
Yah, Shep Proudfoot said -
Well... I'm goin' ta bed now.
Are you calling Stan?
Yah.
...Is everything okay?
Okay.
Twice.
Yah, okay.
Stan Grossman called.
Yah.
...Dad?
Look, Jerry, you're not sellin' me a damn car. It's my show here.  That's that.
No, see -
...There's a million dollars here!
They want my money, they can deal with me. Otherwise I'm goin' to a professional.  He points at a briefcase.
The heck d'ya mean?
All the more reason!  I don't want you - with all due respect, Jerry - I don't want you mucking this up.
It's my money, I'll deliver it - what do they care?
No, Wade! They were real clear! They said they'd call tomorrow, with instructions, and it's gonna be delivered by me alone!
Dammit! I wanna be a part a this thing!
Now come on here, no way, Wade!  No way!
... Stan, I'm thinkin' we should offer 'em half a million.
Ah, dammit!
You're darned tootin'!
No! No cops! That's final! This is my deal here, Wade! Jean is my wife here!
Heck, you don't know! You're just whistlin' Dixie here! I'm sayin', the cops, they can advise us on this! I'm sayin' call a professional!
Yah, but think this thing through here, Wade. Ya give 'em what they want, why wont' they let her go? You gotta listen to me on this one, Wade.
A million dollars is a lot a damn money! And there they are, they got my daughter!
Well, they -
Well, a course they're gonna say that! But where's my protection? They got Jean here! I give these sons a bitches a million dollars, where's my guarantee they're gonna let her go.
No! They said no cops! They were darned clear on that, Wade! They said you call the cops and we -
- All's I know is, ya got a problem, ya call a professional!
I'm not talkin' about your damn word, Jerry. Geez, what the heck're you?... Well, look, I don't want to cut you out of the loop, but his here's a good deal.  I assume, if you're not innarested, you won't mind if we move on it independently.
Yah, but I - okay, I would, I'd guarantee ya your money back.
What the heck were you thinkin'? Heck, if I'm only gettin' bank interest, I'd look for complete security. Heck, FDIC. I don't see nothin' like that here.
No, no. I - I'd, I'd - pay you back the principal, and interest heck, I'd go - one over prime -
You're sayin' that we put in all the money and you collect when it pays off?
No, but, Wade, see, I was bringin' you this deal for you to loan me the money to put in. It's my deal here, see?
But we never talked about your fee for bringin' it to us.
Yah.
We're good to loan in.
Yah.
Stan and I're okay.
...Huh?
What kind of finder's fee were you looking for?
Yah, thanks, Stan, it's a pretty -
2:30.
Yah.
Come by at 2:30 and we'll talk about it. If your numbers are right, Stan says its pretty sweet. Stan Grossman.
No kiddin'! I'd need the cash pretty quick there. In order to close the deal.
We might be innarested.
No kiddin'?
Stan Grossman looked at your proposal. Says it's pretty sweet.
Oh, nothing, Wade. How ya doin' there?
What's goin' on there?
How ya doin', Wade?
Jean and Scotty never have to worry.
Well, you know Stan'll say no dice. That's why you pay him.  I'm asking you here, Wade. This could work out real good for me and Jean and Scotty -
I thought you were gonna show it to Stan Grossman. He passes on this stuff before it gets kicked up to me.
Yah, well, it's a chunk, but -
Yah, well, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot - ha ha ha!
I mean a parking lot.
I know it's a lot.
lot. It's a limited -
A heck of a lot. What'd you say you were gonna put there?
Yah, you said you'd have a think about it. I understand it's a lot of money -
You told me about it.
Wade, have ya had a chance to think about, uh, that deal I was talkin' about, those forty acres there on Wayzata?
OOOoooh!  His reaction synchronizes with a reaction from the crowd.
...Who they playin'?
Norstars.
Whatcha watchin' there?
Yah, pretty good.
Nope.
Yah, well, see, I did that, and I haven't been able to get 'em, so I thought you maybe'd know an alternate number or what have ya.
Call 'em up.
Well, that's okay, he's a buddy of the guy ya vouched for, so I'm not worryin'. I just, I was wonderin', see, I gotta get in touch with 'em for, I might not need it anymore, sumpn's happenin', see -
Never heard of him. Don't vouch for him.
Carl somethin'?
I vouch for Grimsrud. Who's his buddy?
Well, that's okay, I just -
Well, I don't vouch for him.
Well, yah, but he had a buddy there. He, uh -
Put you in touch with Grimsrud.
Say, ya know those two fellas ya put me in touch with, up there in Fargo?
Mm.
Say, Shep, how ya doin' there?
Oh, yah?
Yah. Owner was on the desk then, said these two guys had company.
Geez, that's a good lead. The Blue Ox, that's that trucker's joint out there on I-35?
No motels registered any tan Ciera last night. But the night before, two men checked into the Blue Ox registering a Ciera and leavin' the tag space blank.
How we doin' on that vehicle?
Yah.
Yah, that's a good one.
Yah. Say, Lou, ya hear the one about the guy who couldn't afford personalized plates, so he went and changed his name to J2L 4685?
...Geez.
Oh...
Yah, I think that vehicle there probly had dealer plates. DLR?
Yah?
I'm not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on your policework, there, Lou.
So I got the state lookin' for a Ciera with a tag startin' DLR.  They don't got no match yet.
Uh-huh.
...Last vehicle he wrote in was a tan Ciera at 2:18 a.m.  Under the plate number he put DLR - I figure they stopped him or shot him before he could finish fillin' out the tag number.
Yah...
You look in his citation book?
No, no, I just wanna get Norm some night crawlers.
You don't think he's mixed up in -
Heck, yah. Ya think, is Dave open yet?
Yah, woulda been cold out here.
Somebody shut his lights. I guess the little guy sat in there, waitin' for his buddy t'come back.
No way.
You haven't monkeyed with his car there, have ya?
Yah.
Well, he's got his gun on his hip there, and he looks like a nice enough guy. It's a real shame.
How's it look, Marge?
Oh, yah?
Yah, this guy's smaller than his buddy.
Yah?
There's two of 'em, Lou!
Let's go take a look at that trooper.
Yah? Well, what now, d'ya think?
Oh, yah. Norm made some eggs.
You had breakfast yet, Margie?
Yah. Now I'm hungry again.
Yah?
...Well, that passed.
I'm fine - it's just morning sickness.
Geez, you okay, Margie?
Uh - I just, I think I'm gonna barf.
Ya see something down there, Chief?
Yah.
I'd be very surprised if our suspect was from Brainerd.
Yah.
Okay, so we got a state trooper pulls someone over, we got a shooting, and these folks drive by, and we got a high-speed pursuit, ends here, and this execution-type deal.
Well - it's cold, Margie.
Where is everybody?
Yah, looks pretty bad. Two of'm're over here.
Yah, thanks a bunch. So what's the deal, now? Gary says triple homicide?
Margie. Thought you might need a little warm-up.
Hiya, Lou.
Aw, Norm.
...I'll fix ya some eggs.
Ya gotta eat a breakfast...
Aw, you can sleep, hon.
Gotta eat a breakfast, Marge.  I'll fix ya some eggs.
That's okay, hon. I gotta run.
I'll fix ya some eggs.
Yah.
Gotta go?
...You can sleep, hon. It's early yet.
It's okay, Mike...
You were such a super lady...  and then I... I been so lonely...
It's okay...
...I'm sorry... I shouldn't a done this... I thought we'd have a really terrific time, and now I've...
No - I'm sorry! It's just - I been so lonely - then I saw you, and...
It's okay, Mike - Should we get together another time, ya think?
I always liked ya so much...
Well, I always liked you, Mike.
I was so... I been so... and then I saw you on TV, and I remembered, ya know... I always liked you...
Better times.
Oh, ya know, that's, uh - what can I say?...
I'm sorry, Mike.
It was a tough, uh... it was a long - She fought real hard, Marge...
No, I didn't...
Yah, I, uh... She had leukemia, you know...
I'm sorry.
Yah, well, I, uh... it's not that it didn't work out - Linda passed away. She, uh...
It sounds like you're doin' really super.
Yah, if you're an engineer, yah, you could do a lot worse. Of course, it's not, uh, it's nothin' like your achievement.
Well, they're a good outfit.
And then I, and then I been workin' for Honeywell for a few years now.
I think I remember Linda, yah.  She was - yah. So things didn't work out, huh?
Yah, sorry, so I was married to Linda Cooksey - ya remember Linda?  She was a year behind us.
No, no, that's fine.
Oh, sure, I unnerstand, I didn't mean to -
No, just so I can see ya, ya know. Don't have to turn my neck.
Huh? Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
No, I - Mike - wyncha sit over there, I'd prefer that.
...I was married to Linda Cooksey -
Well, yah, I was married. I was married to - You mind if I sit over here?
Oh, yah, but there's not a heckuva lot to discuss. What about you, Mike? Are you married - you have kids?
Great. What brings ya down - are ya down here on that homicide - if you're allowed, ya know, to discuss that?
Oh, yah, a long time ago.
Oh, yah, couple years now. It's actually Eden Prarie - that school district. So Chief Gunderson, then! So ya went and married Norm Son-of- a-Gunderson!
You're livin' in Edina, then?
Yah, ya know it's the Radisson, so it's pretty good.
...This is a nice place.
Just a Diet Coke.
...What can I get ya?
I see that! That's great!
Yah - easy there - you do too!  I'm expecting, ya know.
Geez! You look great!
Yah... Yah, yah. Geeze, Margie!
Heck, it's been such a long time, Mike. It's great to hear from ya.
Oh, pretty good.
Yah - how are you doon?
Yah?
Okay, ya know. Okay.
Well, how the heck are ya?
Yah, that's me.
I thought, geez, is that Margie Olmstead? I can't believe it!
Yah.
Yah, I'm down in the Twin Cities and I was just watching on TV about these shootings up in Brainerd, and I saw you on the news there.
No, that's okay.
Oh, geez. It's quarter to eleven.  I hope I dint wake you.
Yah, yah, course I remember.  How are ya? What time is it?
So you think you might remember who those folks were who called ya?
Nope.
...I know you don't want to be an accessory to something like that.
Now, I saw some rough stuff on your priors, but nothing in the nature of a homicide...
Uh-huh.
Well, associating with criminals, if you're the one they talked to, that right there would be a violation of your parole and would end with you back in Stillwater.
So?
...Now, I know you've had some problems, struggling with the narcotics, some other entanglements, currently on parole -
Well, Mr. Proudfoot, this call came in past three in the morning.  It's just hard for me to believe you can't remember anyone calling.
Nope.
Anyone else residing there?
Yep.
Well, you do reside their at 1425 Fremont Terrace?
Nope.
Yah, Menominie only has Chief Perpich and he takes February off to go to Boundary Waters.
Yes, ma'am. Are we the closest PD?
Copy. Yah, send me back-up!
...Chief Gunderson?
Don't go in! Wait for back-up!
My car! My car! Tan Ciera!
Whose car?
There's the car! There's the car!
We've got a -
Copy.
Yah, it's over the wire, it's everywhere, they'll find 'em.
Yah, the loudmouth. So the whole state has it, Lundegaard and Gustafson?
Oh. Gary's loudmouth.
Oh, I'm almost back - I'm driving around Moose Lake.
Yah. Where are ya, Margie?
Copy. And Lundegaard too.
Still missing. We're looking.
Sorry - didn't copy.
- looking.
But we still haven't found Gustafson.
Yah.
Gustafson's accountant.
Lundegaard's father-in-law's accountant.
And this guy is...
Yah.
The day of our homicides.
His wife. This guy says she was kidnapped last Wednesday.
Geez. Well - geez. That's a suprise.
Yah, Linda's fine. You should call her.
Oh. Geez.
Yah, he - he's been struggling. He's living with his parents now.
Oh. Oh, my.
No. No. They never married.  Mike's had psychiatric problems.
So... they didn't...
No. No. No. They weren't - he, uh, he was bothering Linda for about, oh, for a good year.  Really pestering her, wouldn't leave her alone.
Linda Cooksey?
No.
Linda.
His wife?
Well, it was nothin' specific he said, it just seemd like it all hit him really hard, his wife dyin' -
What'd he say?
Mm. But ya think he's all right? saw him last night and he's -
Well, I'm sorry I won't see ya.
No, I'm leavin' this mornin', back up to Brainerd.
Norm?
...Hello?
...Mike Yanagita!
This is Mike Yanagita. Ya know - Mike Yanagita. Remember me?
...Well, yah. Who's this?
Margie Olmstead?
Yah?
Yah, is this Marge?
Hello?
I love you, Norm.
I love you, Margie.
That's terrific.
Yah, I guess.
When they're stuck with a bunch a the old ones!
Yah.
Oh, for Pete's - a course they do! Every time they raise the darned postage, people need the little stamps!
Hautman's blue-winged teal got the twenty-nine cent. People don't much use the three-cent.
It's terrific!
It's just the three cent.
Norm, that's terrific!
Yah.
Your mallard?
Three-cent stamp.
...So?
Yah.
They announced it?
Yah, it's good. No pike yet, but it's good.
Yah, not too bad. So it's nice up there?
Was it reasonable?
Had dinner at a place called the King's Table. Buffet style. It was pretty darn good.
You shouldn't be on your feet too much, you got weight you're not used too. How's the food down there?
No, no.
Not on your feet too much?
Oh, fine.
Yeah, couple a muskies. No pike yet. How d'you feel?
Oh, pretty good. They bitin'?
Yah, okay. How's the hotel?
Yah, ya think?
They're good, Norm, but you're better'n them.
They're real good.
Aw, hon, you're better'n them.
Pretty good. Found out the Hautmans are entering a painting this year.
...How's the paintin' goin'?
Uh-huh.
You bet. Thanks for lunch. What do we got here, Arbie's?
Thanks, hon.
Yah.
Prowler needs a jump.
Yah?
Hon?
Love ya, Margie.
Thanks, hon. Time to shove off.
Yah. Well, I just can't thank you enough, Detective Sibert, this cooperation has been outstanding.
Well, they're all out on the wire. Well, you know...
Boy, this thing is really... geez.
And this Shep Proudfoot character, he's a little darling. He's now wanted for assault and parole violation. He clobbered a neighbor of his last night and another person who could be one of your perps, and he's at large.
Oh, my.
His wife's in the hospital, has been for a couple months. The big C.
Geez. Looks like this thing goes higher than we thought. You call his home?
She's visiting relatives in Florida. Now his boss, this guy Gustafson, he's also disappeared. Nobody at his office knows where he is.
And his wife?
We called his house; his little boy said he hadn't been there.
Uh-huh.
Well... Why don't we...
I'm tellin' ya.
We gotta protect Jean. These - we're not holdin' any cards here, Wade, they got all of 'em. So they call the shots.
Well -
I gotta tell ya, Wade, I'm leanin' to Jerry's viewpoint here.
He's at -
He's at Norstar.
What the heck, Jerry, if I wanted bank interest on seven hunnert'n fifty thousand I'd go to Midwest Federal. Talk to Bill Diehl.
Congratulations, Jerry.
This is do-able.
He was killed serving Project Mayhem.
No!  Look at you!  You're... you're running around in ski masks, exploding things...
He was killed in action.
Get your hands off him!  Get off...! What the hell do you think you're doing... ? Evidence?!  This is a man... !  You killed him!
The garden.  Take him there.  Move, people.  Let's do this!
What... ?
Right, right.
The first rule of Project --
Where's Tyler?
That wouldn't interest you.
I'm afraid I have to insist you leave.
You are a moron.
I'm not disclosed to bespeak any such information to you, nor would I, even if I had said information you want, at this juncture be able.
Look at my face.  I'm a member.  I just need to know if you've seen Tyler Durden.
I'm sorry, I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about.
There's no one else here.
Sir, you're disturbing the other patrons with your laudish behavior.
I need to know where Tyler is.  Can't you help me?
You know about the guy who invented it? I hear all kinds of things. Supposedly, he was born in a mental institution.  They say he only sleeps one hour a night.  You know about this guy?  Tyler Durden?
Yeah, both of us.
That's a fucking great, man!  Fucking great! Congratulations.
Look at my face.
You are?!
Bob, Bob... I'm a member.
And the second rule about it is... you're not supposed to talk about it. And the third rule...
Oh.
The first rule is... you aren't supposed to talk about it...
Really, what's that?
No.  I found something new.
Really?  Great.  Still "Remaining Men Together?"
Better than I've ever been in my life.
Bob.  I'm okay.  How are you?
Cornelius!  How are you?
Strangers with this kind of honesty make me go a big rubbery one.
...using steroids.  I was a juicer. Diabonol, then, Wisterol -- it's for racehorses, for Christsake.  Now I'm bankrupt, divorced, my two grown kids won't return my calls...
Bob was a champion bodybuilder.  You know that chest expansion program you see on TV?  That was his idea.
They're gonna have to open my pec's again to drain the fluid.
Six months ago, Bob's testicles were removed.  Then hormone therapy.  He developed bitch tits because his testosterone was too high and his body upped the estrogen.  That was where my head fit -- into his huge, sweating tits that hung enormous, the way we think of God's as big.
Yes.  We're men.  Men is what we are.
We're still men.
This was a support group for men with testicular cancer.  The big moosie slobbering all over me was Bob.
What about this?  Keep me on payroll as an outside consultant.  In exchange for my salary, I'll keep my mouth shut.  I won't need to come to the office.  I can do this job from home.
Just who the fuck do you think you are?!  Get out!  You're fired!
Let's pretend.  You're the Department of Transportation, and you discover that our company intentionally did nothing about leather seats cured in third world countries with chemicals we know cause birth defects?  Brake linings that fail after a thousand miles.  Fuel injectors that burn people alive.
I Am Jack's Complete Lack of Surprise.
Okay.  Where to begin?  With your constant absenteeism?  With your unpresentable appearance?  You're up for review...
We need to talk.
Pretend you're me.  You find this. What would you do?
"Abuse" the copy machine.  There's an image.
You don't get paid to abuse the copy machine.
Hmm?
"The second rule of fight club... Is this yours?
I must've left the original in the copy machine.
Some of it, yes.
Is that your blood?
Yes.
Have you finished those reports?
After fight club, everything else in your life gets the volume turned down.  You can deal with anything.
Here are your flight coupons.  Call me from the road if there are any snags.  Your itinerary...
He was full of pep.  Must've had his grande latte enema.
You need to make these your primary "action items."
You want me to de-prioritize my current reports until you advise of a status upgrade?
It must've been Tuesday.  he was wearing his "cornflower-blue" tie.
I'm going to need you out-of-town a little more this week.  We've got some "red-flags" to cover.
Well, if any ideas come to you, give me a call.  In the meantime, don't leave town.  I may need to bring you in for questioning.
I'd like to thank the academy...
No.  No, sir.  I loved that condo. I loved every stick of furniture. The lamps, the chairs, the rugs, were me.  The dishes were me.  The plants were...
I'll ask the questions, son.
Who do you think could've done this?
Whoever set this homemade dynamite could've blown out the pilot light days before the explosion.  The gas, it seems, was just a detonator.
This is... really a shock...
It means it was homemade.
What does that mean?
Yes.  It left a residue of ammonium oxalate and potassium perchloride. Do you know what that means?
Dynamite?
The dynamite...
Yes, sire, strange.  Very strange.
Does this sound strange to you?
I am Jack's Cold Sweat.
No, I wasn't aware...
I don't know if you're aware... your front door -- it seems someone sprayed freon into the lock, then tapped it with a chisel to shatter the cylinder.
Yes?
This is Detective Stern with the arson unit.  We have some new information about the "incident" at your condo.
You want to see pain?  Swing by First Methodist Tuesday nights.  See the guys with testicular cancer.  That's pain.
I'm in pain.
You need healthy, natural sleep. Chew valerian root and get some more exercise.
Red-and-blue Tuinal, lipstick-red Seconals.
Can't you give me something?
You need to lighten up.
Maybe I died already.  Look at my face.
No, you can't die of insomnia.
I did, I think.  But, I'm okay... I'm fine...
Who did this to you?
Yes.
My God, you're shot...
Don't ask.
What happened... ?
Yes, fine.  Just, get on.  Stay away a couple of weeks, at least.
I'm not paying this back.  I consider it "asshole tax."
I can't let myself see where you're going.  Go wherever it takes you, remember... keep away from major cities...
Why are you doing this?
I'm begging you.  Get on the bus. Get on the bus.
Tyler...
Okay, if that's what it takes, you'll never have to see me again.  Here... here...
Leave me alone!  I don't ever want to see you again!
Do this for me, Marla.  Do this for me, if you never do anything else...
Let go of me!
What?!  You're sorry?  I don't believe that for a minute.
I'm sorry, but I...
There's a part of you I really like, but I can't do this anymore.  I just can't.  This is killing me...
No, no, shut up!  I've had enough. I tried, Tyler... I have tried...
Marla...
You are an insane person.
You have to get out of here.  Leave as soon as possible.  Go to any rural town, away from any major city...
What?
I'm trying to tell you -- and this is where you have to trust me -- but, I think your life might be in real danger.
Whatever.  I'll take my food to go...
I mean, the depth and breadth of our relationship has only recently been illuminated for me.  I know this... I know us hasn't been such a great thing for you...
What?
I deserve that.  Anyway, I've... I've only just realized
Two sides?  You're Dr. Jeckle and Mr. Jackass.
I know that I've been... unwell.  I know it's been like there's two sides to me.
You got about thirty seconds.
Then, I'll have the clam chowder... fried chicken and a baked potato with everything and a chocolate chiffon pie.
Because... I'm Tyler Durden.
I've done you enough favors.
Absolutely, you have every right.  I need you to do me a favor.
Sixty seconds, then I'm out of here.
Give me a minute, Marla, alright... just sixty seconds.
I don't want to hear anything you've got to say.
Here comes an avalanche of bullshit.
Marla... I need to talk to you.  It's going to take a tremendous act of faith on your part for you to hear me out.
The were burning their fingertips with lye.  The stink was unbelievable.
I'm sorry, I...
Your whacked-out, bald freaks hit me with a fucking broom.  I thought they were going to break my arm.
Marla...
Marla, no, wait...
Tyler Durden!  Tyler Durden, you fucking freak.  What's going on?  I'm coming over there...
Say my name!  What's my name!?
What... ?
Say my name.
What is wrong with you?
What did you say... ?
We've just lost cabin pressure.
You fuck me, then snub me.  You love me, you hate me.  You show me your sensitive side, then you turn into a total asshole!  Is that a pretty accurate description of our relationship, Tyler?
Answer the question!
Is that what you're calling it?
We did make love?
You mean, you want to know if I think we were just having sex or making love?
Will you just answer me, for Christsake?!
Is this a trick?
Because the answer's "yes" or because the answer's "no?"
What kind of stupid question is that?!
Marla, it's me.  Have we... have we ever had sex?
Yeah?
He's not here!  Tyler's not here anymore!  He's gone away!
What?
He's not here.
Can I come in?
The Paper Street Soap Company.
You're afraid to say.
Let go of me...  Leave me alone.
Why would you get bent if I asked?
Why would you ask if it's a guy or a girl?!
Guy or girl?
... A person.
What is this?  Who did this?
That day you came over to my place to play doctor... what was going on there?
No.
Have we been talking too long?  Must we change the subject?
That... sawing and hammering.
Hear what?
You hear that?
What do you get out of it?
I don't understand.  Why does a weak person have to go out and find a strong person... to hang onto?
It was the smart move on her part.
I don't know.
Do you care?
When?
Chloe's dead.
Really... I mean it.  Have you been going to your groups?
Whatever.
You... don't have to... leave.
Well... thanks, anyway.
Uh ... nah.
I could check your prostate.
I think everything's okay here.
I wish I could return the favor.
No... no problem.
Well, that's a relief.  Thank you.
Nothing.
You feel nothing?
Okay.  Okay, I'm sure.
Make sure.
No.
Feel anything?
Here.
Here.
There?
Here.
Where?  Here?
Good.
No, thanks.
Tragically, they're dead.  I'm alive and I'm in poverty.  You want any?
This is a sweet side of you.  Picking these up for ...  "Mrs. Haniver" and... "Mrs. Raines." Where are they?
She didn't call Tyler.  I'm neutral in her book.
Please.
I don't know ...
Would you do something for me?  I need you to check and see if there's a lump in my breast.  I can't afford to throw money away on a doctor.
What are you talking about?
Goodbye.
You're such a nutcase, I can't even begin to keep up.
Don't worry, I'm leaving.
It's time for you to leave.
It suits you.
Like sex crime victims, underwear inside-out, bound with electrical tape.
Worth every penny.
I got this dress at a thrift store for one dollar.
Except for their humping, Tyler and Marla were never in the same room.
What the hell are you doing here?
What... ?
What are you doing here?
Do you want to wait to hear me describe death?
So you're staying in tonight?
This could go on for hours.
This isn't a for-real suicide thing. This is probably one of those cry-for- help things.
Picture yourself watching Marla Singer throw herself around her crummy apartment.
Me too.  I got a stomach full of Xanax.  I took what was left of a bottle.  Might've been too much.
I'm just on my way out...
I've been going to debtor's anonymous.  You want to see some truly fucked up people?
Look, this is a bad time...
Like testicular cancer?
It's for men.
Really?
I found a new one.
You haven't been going to yours.
That's the idea -- we split them.
The forwarding number.  I haven't seen you at any support groups.
How did you find me?
Marla?
Where have you been the last few weeks?
I suppose.
In case we want to switch nights.
Should we?
Um... Marla, should we maybe exchange numbers?
Let's not make a big thing out of it.
Looks like this is goodbye.
Deal.
We'll split it.  You get it the first and third Sunday of the month.
That's your favorite, too?  Tried to slip it by me, eh?
The girl had done her homework.
So, we each have three -- that's six. What about the seventh day?  I want ascending bowel cancer.
Then, take blood parasites.  It's yours.  Now we each have three.
So far, you have four and I only have two!
You can't have the whole brain!
I want that.
Okay.  I'll take blood parasites and organic brain dementia --
I want brain parasites.
You can't have both parasites.  You can take blood parasites --
I'll take the parasites.
I don't know -- am I?
You're kidding.
Well, technically, I have more of a right to be there than you.  You still have your balls.
I think testicular cancer should be no contest.
You take tuberculosis.  My smoking doesn't go over at all.
We'll split up the week.  You can have lymphoma, tuberculosis and --
Please.  Can't we do something... ?
Candy-stripe a cancer ward.  It's not my problem.
Look, I can't cry with a faker present.
Really?
It becomes an addiction.
Yeah.
-- Instead of just waiting for their turn to speak.
I... I don't know.  I guess... when people think you're dying, they really listen, instead...
Anyone who might've noticed either died or recovered and never came back.
A year?  How'd you manage that?
These are my groups.  I was here first.  I've been coming for a year.
It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee.
Why are you doing this?
Go ahead.  I'll expose you.
I'll expose you.
Telling me off.  Is it going as well as you hoped... ?  "... Mr. Taylor."
Practicing what?
And I saw you practicing this...
Okay, in the Sylvia Plath philosophy way, we're all dying.  But you're not dying the way Chloe is dying.
What?
I'm on to you.  You're a faker.  You aren't dying.
Sure.
We need to talk.
You fucking slut!!
... and you come home to this.
Well... let me see... here's the thing...
I star-sixty-nined you.  I never pick up my phone.  What's up?
I just called a second ago.  There was no answer.  I'm at a payphone.
Oh, yeah.
Uh... I'm sorry.  We met on the plane.  We had the same briefcase. I'm... you know, the clever guy.
Who's this?
Tyler?
Who's this?
Hello?
Please return your seatbacks to their full upright and locked position.
You're the one who did this to me. You're Mr. Durden, sir.  Tyler Durden.
Is this part of the test?
Who do you think I am?
You were standing right where you are now, asking how good our security is. It's tight as a drum.
What?
You were in here last Thursday night.
Yes... it's a test.
Is this a test, sir?
... You know me?
How have you been?
Yeah, uh huh... yeah?  Oh...
I had everything in that bag.  My C.K. shirts... my D.K.N.Y. shoes...
Nine time out of ten, it's an electric razor.  But, every once in a while ...  ...it's a dildo.  It's airline policy not to imply ownership in the event of a dildo.  We use the indefinite aricle: "A dildo."  Never "Your dildo."
My suitcase was vibrating?
Baggage handlers.  But when a suitcase vibrates, the throwers have to call the police.
Excuse me?  "Throwers?"
Throwers don't worry about ticking. Modern bombs don't tick.
You're a tourist.  I saw you at melanoma, tuberculosis and testicular cancer.
Tell the other person how you feel.
Now, find your power animal.
If I did have a tumor, I'd name it Marla.  Marla...the little scratch on the roof of your mouth that would heal if only you could stop tonguing it, but you can't.
Okay, everyone.
-- But, in here, in everyone, there's the squint of a five-day headache. Yet they forced themselves to be positive.  They never said "parasite;" they said "agent."  They always talked about getting better.
...And you open the door and you step inside.  We're inside our hearts.  Now, imaging your pain as a white ball of healing light.  That's right, the pain itself is a ball of healing light.
I wasn't really dying, I wasn't host to cancer or parasites; I was the warm little center that the life of this world crowded around.
Tonight, we're going to open the green door -- the heart chakra...
My eyes are open.
What?
Look at me...
What?
Appreciate something.
What?
Do something for me.
It's the only way to get rid of you...
Why are you going with this, Ikea- boy?
Not my mouth.  Our mouth.
Why do you want to do that? Why do you want to put that gun in your mouth?
What have you left for me?
What are you doing?
You will.  You know you will.
I swear on my life, I won't...
If I leave, you will be right back where I found you...
Please understand... I've gotten all I can from this, Tyler.
I'm doing this for us.
Why are you doing this?!
No more running off without you. From here on out, we do it together.
... no, no, no...
From now on, we'll share Marla. We've been spending too much time apart...
Noooo, please...
Look, I can be selfish, I know that.  I'm not blind to my own failings...
No, no, I don't.  I thank you, I really do.  Thank you, but I don't need you anymore.
You need me.
Why can't I get rid of you?  Why can't I just wish you away?
Why what?
Why... why... why... ?
Fuck that, maybe you're my hallucination.
How'd you do that?!  You're a fucking figment of my imagination... you're psychogenic fugue state...
Proceed with remote detonation.
NO...
Do we have to do everything ourselves?!
Not exactly according to plan.
Damn it!  God-damn it...
Paraffin.  Your merry band mixed the nitro with paraffin.  I saw it floating in the bomb. 
What?
Paraffin.
What the fuck -- ?
Fifteen seconds now.  Can you see alright?  10... 9... 8....
Please...
It's out of our hands.  This is it.
Can't you call it off... ?
i... ann....iinn.. ff....nnyin...
This is the beginning.  We're at ground zero.  Maybe you should say a few words, to mark the occasion.
I think this is about where we came in.
One minute.
Yes.
Defuse the bomb?
Defuse the bomb, please.
Ask me nicely.
Defuse the bomb.
What?
Tyler...
Not an option, for the most obvious of reasons.  You need to get with the program.  Seven minutes.  Let's get out of here.
I quit.
You want out?
Fuck your struggle.  I want out.
Bob was a grown man.  In any great struggle, there will be casualties. Wouldn't that be implicit in the name?  Project "Mayhem."
Bob is dead, Tyler.  The police blew a hole in his head.  Was that part of your plan?
I've got everything.  The bombs.  The army.  I've got Marla.
I'm serious.  That's the wrong one.
Fuck you.
Don't pull the green wire.  Pull anything but the green wire.
Yes...
Green?  Did you say green?
I'm pulling the green wire.
This is not about martyrdom.
If I'm wrong, we're both dead..
If you know, I know.
I wouldn't be doing that.  Unless you know which wires, in what order...
You don't know that.  There could still be people inside.
The buildings were evacuated thirty minutes ago.  Everything's proceeding exactly as planned.
Since when is Project Mayhem about murder?
What are you doing running through the streets in your underpants?  We both use that body.
...your sentences!  They're our sentences.  Get your mind around that.
Stop finishing...
...to let this happen!
I'm not going...
...stop me?
I'm going to...
...go through with this? What are you going to do?
I can't let you...
What a ridiculous thing to say.
You... you can't be serious about this.
You could be standing under 37 stories of steel and concrete with a 150 gallons of nitroglycerin strapped to the support... oh, maybe it couldn't be...
Um, well... technically, no.
She's... you... you're fucking her.
What about Marla?
What about Marla?
Night jobs -- while you were sleeping.
You have jobs.
The house is rented in your name.
You took me to the house.
What about them?  They're lunatics.
Wrong, wrong -- what about the car crash... the two guys in the backseat?
You never talked to me in front of anyone else.
No!  This isn't true.  We... we were around other people, together, both of us...
It's okay.  We okay... a little codependent, sure, but...
What... what are you saying?
We're going to have to do something about Marla...
This isn't possible...
There!  Happy?  I asked for one thing from you... one simple promise.  Now look what you've done!
But, when you fall asleep, I do things without you...
Oh, yeah.  I didn't really know my Dad...
You can see me and hear me, but no one else can...
He's not here!  Tyler's not here anymore!  He's gone away!
And, sometimes you control it...
The first rule of fight club is -- you don't talk about fight club.
Sometimes I control it, and you imagine yourself watching me...
What are you talking about... ?
Is this really news to you?
What... ?
People think that you're me, because you and I happen to share the same body.
I don't know!  Tell me!
Why do people think anything?
Answer me, Tyler.
Why did you do that?
Why do people think I'm Tyler Durden?
You broke your promise.  You talked to her about me.
Why do people think I'm you?
And, we're definitely filling a void in the rural South.
What's this all about, Tyler?
Four in Milwaukee.
"Training?"  Tyler...
If the applicant waits at the door for three days without food, shelter or encouragement, then he can enter and begin training.
"Applicant?"
If the applicant is young, we tell him he's too young.  Old, too old. Fat, too fat.
"Too young?"
Wait a minute...
You're too young.  Sorry.
... is over.
... is over.
This conversation...
Nothing.
What are you talking about?
Hitting bottom isn't a weekend retreat!  It's not a seminar!  You have to forget everything you know, everything you think you know -- about life, about friendship, about you and me.
What?
Why do you think I blew up your condo?
Fuck my life.  Fuck fight club.  Fuck you and fuck Marla.  I'm sick of this.  How's that?
I want to hear the truth.
I would feel nothing about my life? Is that what you want to hear?!
If you died right now, how would you feel about your life?
I don't know!  Nothing!
I don't think that's true.
You're asking questions that don't have answers.  You know just as much about Project Mayhem as anybody else.
I'm not asking you to.
You choose your level of involvement. I won't make decisions for you.
What the hell ... ?!
Tyler...
We are the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world.  We are all part of the same compost heap...
What are you doing?!
This does not belong to us.  We are not the leaders.  We are not special.
What do you want to know about Project Mayhem?
I want to know --
Should I E-mail you?  Should I put this on your "action item list?"
Look...
What do you want?  A statement of purpose... ?
You know what I mean.
Is this a needlepoint club?  Is it about you and me?
Fight club was the beginning.  Now it's out of the basements and there's a name for it -- Project Mayhem.
Why wasn't I involved from the beginning?  You and I started fight club together.
What should I have told you?
Why wasn't I told about "Project Mayhem?"
No.
Something on your mind?
I felt like destroying something beautiful.
Where did you go, Psycho-Boy?
Hey.
Hey.
Imagine how he feels.
I feel sick.
Tell him!
I asked you what you studied.
An expired community college student ID card.  What did you used to study, Raymond K. Hessel?
Tyler...
What is it?
Homework assignment.
What are we doing?
I thought you did.
Newcastle?  Did you start that one?
Local 8 just started in Penns Grove. And, Bob said he was at fight club in Newcastle last week.
I heard.  Local 15, Monday nights.
There's fight club in Delaware City.
Okay, and... and...
Fucking sweet.
Six months advance pay.  Six months!
Nothing.  Do what you like.
What... ?
Work.  Going to work.
Yeah.  Where you headed?
You quit?
No thanks, I quit.
Fuck damnation.  Fuck redemption.  We are God's unwanted children, with no special place and no special attention, and so be it.
... Marla ... ?
We don't... ?
We don't need him...
It isn't... ?
Listen to me.  You have to consider the possibility that God doesn't like you, he never wanted you.  In all probability, He hates you.  This is not the worst thing that can happen...
I don't know...
Shut up.  Our fathers were our models for God.  And, if our fathers bailed, what does that tell us about God?
No, I'm not...
This is the greatest moment of your life and you're off somewhere, missing it.
No, what you're feeling is premature enlightenment.
I... I think I understand.  I think I get it...
I was going to my cave to find my power animal.
Stop it.  This is your pain -- your burning hand.  It's right here.  Look at it.
Guided meditation worked for cancer, it could work for this.
Look at your hand.
Tyler's kiss was a bonfire on the back of my hand.
This clear layer in glycerin.  We'll mix it back in when we make the soap.
Hard to imagine you in Boy Scouts.
As the fat renders, the tallow floats to the surface.  Remember the crap they taught you in Boy Scouts.
A liposuction clinic.
What is this place?
Don't mention me.
You get rid of her.
Shhhhhh!  I don't know what to make of this, sir, I really don't...
"The liberator who destroyed my property has re-aligned my paradigm of perception."
Huh?
Uh... nah...
You want to finish her off?
That was three times you promised.
I said I promise!
Promise?
Yes, I promise.
Promise you won't.
Okay.
If you ever say anything about me or about what happens here in this house, to her or anyone -- I will find out.  And you'll never see me again.  Promise me.
You've gotta understand something about me.  I have a little rule, okay?  Don't ever talk to her about me.  Ever.  I can't stand that kind of shit.
What?
Listen... do me a favor... sit here a minute...
She'd invaded my support groups, now she's invading my home.
She needs an exorcist.  This isn't love.  This is sport-fucking.
Marla doesn't need a lover.  She needs a case worker.
Hey... don't knock librarians.
Oh, and my pace is more librarians.
She is a wild, twisted bitch.  Stay away from that one.
I'm fine.
You're okay with this?
Good.  This chick was up on the table with her legs in the stirrups before the doctor even walked in the room. The things that she said... I've never heard a woman talk like that...
Yeah, I'm sure.
You're sure?
No.  Not at all.
I mean, this girl... uh, you're not into her or anything... ?
He was obviously able to handle it.
Unbelievable, huh?
Abe Lincoln.  Big reach.  Skinny guys fight till they're burger.
You?
Good answer.
Okay... Ghandi.
Any historical figure.
Fight club became the reason to cut your hair short and trim your fingernails.
Shatner.  William Shatner.
Hemingway.  You?
Doesn't matter.
Alive or dead?
If you could fight any celebrity?
A guy came to fight club for the first time, his ass was a wad of cookie dough.  After a few weeks, he was carved out of wood.
Show-off.
Soldier of Fortune.  Business Week. New Republic.
What are you reading?
"I get cancer, and I kill Joe."
"I am Joe's Lungs."  It's written in first person.  "Without me, Joe could not take in oxygen to feed his red blood cells."  There's a whole series -- "I am Joe's Prostate."
Oh, a new riot control grenade...  "...the successful combination of concussive, 3000 foot-candle flash- blasts and simultaneous high-velocity disbursement of...blah, blah, blah..."
What?
Hum.
The previous occupant had been a bit of a shut-in.
I don't know how Tyler found the house, but he'd been there for half a year.
What car?
Where's your car?
A generation of men raised by women. I'm wondering if another woman is the answer we really need.
Same here.
After I graduated, I called him long distance and asked, "Now what?"  He said, "Get a job."  When I turned twenty-five, I called him and asked, "Now what?"  He said, "I don't know. Get married."
I know that.
He was setting up franchises.  My father never went to college, so it was really important that I go.
Oh, yeah.  I didn't know my dad.  Well, I knew him, till I was six.  He went and married another woman, had more kids. Every six years or so he'd do it again -- new city, new family.
My dad.  No question.
My boss, probably.  Who would you fight?
Anyone.
Anyone?
If you could fight anyone... one on one, whoever you wanted, who would you fight?
This fight, pussy.
What fight?
The fight.
Call what off?
We've crossed the threshold.  You want to call it off?
Is it?
But a good strange.
Strange.
How do you feel?
Like hell.  That counted.
Shit.  Sorry.  That didn't count.
Surprise me.
Where do you want it?  In the face?
Alright, go crazy.  Let 'er rip.
This is crazy.
Why not you?  I'm letting you go first.  Do it.
Me?
I don't want to die without any scars.  How much can you really know about yourself if you've never been in a fight?  Come on... you're the only person I've ever asked.
No.  That's a good thing, isn't it?
I don't know, either.  I want to find out.  I've never been hit, have you?
I don't know about this.
You get the idea.
Go ahead.  Say it.
He farted on meringue; he sneezed on braised endive; and, with creme of mushroom soup, well...
... Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.
Don't watch.  I can't if you watch.
He was the guerrilla terrorist of the food service industry.
Only a hummingbird could have caught Tyler at work.
A nice, big cock.
No one really knows that they've seen it. But they did.
One-forty-eighth of a second.  That's how long it's up there.
In reel three, right after the courageous dog and the snooty cag -- who have celebrity voices -- eat out of a garbage can, there's the flash of Tyler's contribution...
-- Like splicing single frames from adult movies into family films.
It affords him other interesting opportunities.
Why would anyone want this shitty job?
It's called a "changeover."  The movie goes on, and nobody in the audience has any idea.
They're called "cigarette burns."
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
What?
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
What's that?
You're welcome.  But, I want you to do me one favor.
Thank you.
Yes, you can.
Can I stay at your place?
Is it a problem for you to ask?
Would that be a problem?
Why don't you cut the shit and ask if you can stay at my place?
No, I...
You called me so you could have a place to stay.
Huh?
We're on our third pitcher of beer. Just ask me.
I don't follow...
So, you called me up, because you just wanted to have a drink before you... go find a hotel?
Yeah.
A hotel?
God, it's late.  I should find a hotel...
Do what you like.
Don't I?
The things you own, they end up owning you.
Well, I have to file a claim...
This time maybe get a widescreen TV. You'll be occupied for weeks.
I don't... think so.
The "now I get to go out and buy the exact same stuff all over again" list.  That list.
What list?
Oh, yeah, you gotta start making the list.
Insurance'll cover it.
Delivered from bullshit colors like "Cobalt," "Ebony," and "Fuchsia."
Delivered from Martha Stewart.
Delivered from armchairs in obscure green stripe patterns.
Delivered from Swedish furniture.
But maybe, just maybe, you've been delivered.
I mean, you did lose a lot of nice, neat little shit.  The trendy paper lamps, the Euro-trash shelving unit, am I right?
...no ...no ...
I don't know, maybe I'm wrong.  Maybe it's a terrible tragedy.
There's always that.
Could be worse.  A woman could cut off your penis while you're asleep and toss it out the window of a moving car.
All gone.
And, now it's gone.
I guess so.
This is how we fill up our lives.
You buy furniture.  You tell yourself: this is the last sofa I'll ever need.  No matter what else happens, I've got the sofa issue handled.  Then, the right set of dishes.  The right dinette.
Keep it up, then.  Keep it right up.
Well, uh... great.
Being clever.
What?
How's that working out for you?
Thank you.
The spork.  I get it.  You're very clever.
You see, when you travel, everything is small, self-contained--
Why?  So you can say, "Oh, that's what you do." -- And be a smug little shit about it?
I mean -- for a living.
What do you want me to do?
What do you do, Tyler?
Oxygen gets you high.  In a catastrophic emergency, we're taking giant, panicked breaths...
No, supply oxygen?
You know why they have oxygen masks on planes?
Tyler Durden.
This is how I met --
Pardon me?
Two, equal parts gasoline and diet cola.  Three, dissolve kitty-litter in gasoline until the mixture is thick.
Somehow, I realize all of this -- the gun, the bombs, the revolution -- is really about Marla Singer.
Look what we've accomplised.  Thirty seconds.
We have front row seats for this Theater of Mass Destruction.  The Demolitions Committee of Project Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns of ten buildings with blasting gelatin.  In two minutes, primary charges will blow base charges, and those buildings will be reduced to smoldering rubble.  I know this because Tyler knows this.
That old saying, how you always hurt the one you love, well, it works both way.
It's getting exciting now.
... i... ann....iinn.. ff....nnyin...
One minute.  This is the beginning.  We're at ground zero.  Maybe you should say a few words, to mark the occasion.
Well, sir, you said you might.
Did I tell you I'd call you a fascist dickhead?!
You told me you'd say that, too.
Abort the plan.
You told me you'd say that.
Now wait, there's been a mix-up. Everything's changed...
Don't worry about us, sir.  We're solid.
Excuse me?
Very good, Sir.
Listen, something is going to happen, something terrible...
Maintenance.
Who is this?
No!
His name is Robert Paulson!
Robert Paulson is dead.  He's dead, because of you...
Robert Paulson?
No!  Wrong!  This man's name is Robert Paulson.
But, in Project Mayhem, we have no names.
No, no.  This is a man -- this man has a name...
But, this is Project Mayhem.
What he wanted?  Look... look at him. Look at him!  What does he want?  This is a person.  This is not a cog in your machine...
It's what he would have wanted, sir.
Let go of me!!
Thank you.  Thank you, sir...
Alright, Christ!  Fucking let me go!
We need some towels, Lou.  We need replacement light bulbs.
Okay!  Okay, fuck it!  Use the basement!  Get off me!
Pleeeeeease!
What are you doing?!
You and your friend.
Did you hear what I just said?!
You're welcome to join our club.
Look, stupid fuck, I want everyone outta here now!
Yes, it is.
Ain't that something?
It's free to all.
Really?
There is no money.
He don't own this place, I do.  How much money's he getting for this?
Irvine?  Irvine's at home with a broken collarbone.
We have a deal worked out with Irvine.
Who told you motherfuckers you could use my place?
No, please, no, God, no!
Would you rather be dead?
Too much school.
Stuff.  That means you have to get more schooling.
Yeah ... animals and s-s-s ---
Animals.
What did you want to be, Raymond K. Hessel?
I... I don't know...
Why?
Biology, mostly.
"Stuff."  Were the mid-terms hard?
S-S-Stuff.
Please, God, no...
Your mom and dad will have to call kindly doctor so-and-so to dig up your dental records, because there won't be much left of your face.
Yesssss...
Is this a picture of Mom and Dad?
They give basement apartments letters instead of numbers.  Raymond, you're going to die.
How'd you know?
Raymond K. Hessel. 1320 SE Benning, apartment A.  A small, cramped basement apartment.
I have to save Eugene!
No!  It can't be.
I was dead.  And came back to life. An EEG machine.  Where's Eugene?
What did you see?
Yeah, fuck 'em.  No offense.
Speed up.
What do you want me to do?
Yes.  I was in a hospital.  There was screaming... A nurse was choking me.  I couldn't tell what she looked like, but the name tag was right in my face.  Kalarjian.
Another premonition?
No, it's not here.  This one was different.  More like the pile up and the van going into the lake.
What did you see?  What am I looking for?
I don't think so.  Alex's premonitions happened exactly as he saw them no matter how much we tried to change it.
This makes no sense.  Isabella was supposed to crash her van into a lake.  Could we have altered her destiny when we had her arrested?
And when it was Rory's turn to die, and Thomas was in the way?
Six duds in a row.
What happened when Eugene tried to kill himself out of turn?
Are you crazy?  What makes you think you'd survive?
No.  If anyone dies from a crash now, it'll be me.  But I can't die if Eugene and Isabella are still alive.  I'm last on Death's list.
What are you doing?  You're going to kill us!
How you doing in there, hero?
What about that?
So let's do it.
So if you give us the pregnant lady's number, we can warn her about the lake and she'll live long enough to have the baby.
Please, what else could it mean?
Then it wasn't just a sign. It was a premonition?
I can practically taste the water in my throat.  And something else.  The smell of flowers...
You were there?
I was driving a white van.  It must've gone out of control because it crashed into a lake and I drowned.  It was...horrible.
I...I...
You have to tell us now.
I hope you're ready for this.
The second one just dies.  A 16 year old kid.
How can you say that?  What kind of monster are you?
I didn't beat it; I hid from it. If you were smart you'd put a down payment on a burial plot and say goodbye to the dog, because what little life you have left is over as you know it.  Don't make new friends, don't fall in love, and don't ever bother trying to save others.  That's the worst killer of them all.
That's what Alex used to ask himself right up until...
The songs on the radio.  But wait.  I don't understand.  Why is this even happening to me?
If you have the same power as Alex, you'll be seeing signs soon.  When you see anything creepy or ominous, an in-your-face irony kinda thing? Don't ignore it.  It usually means the difference between life and death.
Signs?
That's good.  Get all your tears out now, you'll need your eyes.  For the signs.
That still doesn't make sense.  You said you die in the same order you were originally meant to.  But Evan Shaeffer died last in my premonition, not first.
Congratufuckinglations.  That makes you last to go.  But don't worry, once the others are dead, it'll come back for you.  Always does.
Officer Burke pulled me away from the crash that killed my friends.
Exact order?  Then I'm next!  I was meant to die with my friends, so I'm next!
The survivors of Flight 180 died in the exact order they were originally meant to die in the plane crash. That was Death's original design.
Death's list.  The precise order you're going to die in.
What list?
Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up.
It's not just about me.  Someone I saved died last night in a freak accident.  What if the others are in danger, too?
Nice work.  Maybe if you're real lucky, you'll wind up in here with me.  But I doubt you'll survive that long.
I had a premonition about the Route 18 pile up... I saved some people. And now I think Death is after me.
Yeah, how?
I thought...I thought you might be able to help me.
Kimberly Burroughs, eh?  What do you want?
She had the baby?
Don't sweat it.  It's over.
A guard grabbed me before I could find Eugene.
If only Alex and I had done that with the others, Alex might still be...
Then the only way to survive is to get to the hospital and protect Eugene and Isabella for as long as we can.
We need to hurry.
Here we go.  The vehicle's a delivery van registered to Jorge and Isabella Cruz.  And Christ, there's almost a dozen domestic disturbance complaints on these two.
Taken care of.
Make sure all these people will be at the meeting tonight.
Holy shit.  He said "only new life can defeat death."  If she gives birth to a baby that was never meant to be born, a brand new soul that was never part of Death's Design...
Remember the onramp?  There was a pregnant woman in a white delivery van.
He probably already knows we're coming.
Should we knock?
A mortician.  He seemed to know a hell of a lot more about death than he ever told us.
That's why Death is working backwards. It's tying up all the loose ends, sealing the rift once and for all This chapter of the screenplay contains scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie. In order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited.
So if you never got off the plane, none of us would be alive in the first place.
Being alive after our time caused an outward ripple - a rift in Death's design.
I'm not sure I understand.
Your entire world view just went out the window.  I couldn't expect a religious conversation overnight. We'll get through this.  I promise.
Um, Clear?  I'm sorry...about before. I...
What, you think Death planned for each of us to die in the pile up weeks ago?  You're nuts.
Random, sure.
Jury duty?  That's randomly selected by social security numbers.
What about you, Kimberly?  Did you anyone from Flight-?
Freaked me out so bad I hid in a shopping cart for four hours. 'Course, missed the show...
Carter.
I had tickets to go, but one day I'm in Paris, trippin' on acid, sippin' lattes an' such, and this dude gets whacked by a falling sign.
What about the rest of you?  Kimberly, you were driving to Daytona.  Was Route 18 your first choice?
That lucky bastard.
The only reason he was on Route 18 was because he own the lottery and had to collect the winnings.
Blow me.  Yellow means go, Kimmy.
Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother?
Blow me.  Yellow means go, Kimberly.
Dano, shouldn't we stop and help your mother?
Who?
Yeah.  Who does he think he is? Knight Rider?
A Trans Am.  That shit went out with New Kids on the Block.
Yeah, you should have specified.
Calm down, Kimmy.  It's not drugs, just weed.
Blow me.
Dano, shouldn't we go back and help your mother?
Evan Shaeffer's dead.  Guess he wasn't as lucky as we thought.
What?
Good.  Cause we just got some new info and I don't need you getting freaky on me.
You've made your point.
I thought we were finished with this bullshit.  This is police work, not the psychic Hot Line.
Look, you weren't there.  It was weird.  She knew that log truck was gonna cause an accident, she knew.  Never mind.
Of course not.  That would be irresponsible and unprofessional.
Tell me you didn't start up on that Flight 180 shit again.  Did you?
Do you want to deliver this baby?
I've got to stop and help those people.
Please.  It's not going to wait.
Take my van!
Damn, they always stick me with the clunker.
Jorge.  When I get out of here I'm going to sue his cheating ass off.
Hopefully the district judge can straighten it all out by Monday morning.
What do you mean "grand theft auto?" This is insane.
She did.
Does she have a cell phone?  A way we can contact her?
Take a guess.
What was the fight about?
We had a fight.  Some things got broken, the dog went crazy, she left me.  Wouldn't say where she was going.
No.  What's this about?
May we come in?
Maybe.  What's this about?
Are you Jorge Cruz?
I'm Officer Burke.  I'm looking for an Isabella Cruz.
What?
I never mad it.  The Greyhound bus I was on splattered some chick all over the road and we had to stop.
Yeah, so what happened?
I got that beat.  So like, last May, I was supposed to stay at this cheesy bed and breakfast in Pennsylvania. There was a major gas leak no one knew about and all the guests suffocated during the night.
But why single me out?  What am I in the great scheme of things?  You'd think I stepped off Flight 180 or something... Fucking weird, man.
Yeah?
Here's what I don't get.  For nine months, Death does all this shit to make sure I win these tickets and end up on Route 18 at exactly the right time for the pile up...
Anyway, I guessed it right and won these.
Eighteen.  And it's "Hebrew".
Last July I dialed a wrong number and got a radio station by accident. They asked me what number means "good luck" in Jewish.
Just shut the fuck up and maybe you'll live.
This can't be happening.  My career's at a peak, I finally met a cute guy, I just bought a new house...
Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya, but I've been over this X-Files shit since the sixth season.
First I'm stuck with Jury Duty, now this nonsense.
Yeah, don't make me cite you for harassment.
For God's sake, leave him alone, Dad.
I know.  I can feel it too.
Welcome back.  We did it.  For real.
That's crazy.  You can't give up now.  We can still fight this thing.
You can't cheat destiny.  I know what I have to do to save us.  I have to die.
Then what's the premonition of the lake supposed to mean?
I'm not sure... I don't think Isabella was ever destined to die in the pile- up.
Impossible.  She was on the onramp.
I don't...what if I made a mistake?
But it's over.  Isabella's baby was the key.  You saw her die and everything, right?
I know how it feels to be dead.
Are you okay?  You just face planted!
No time.  Keep going.  I wouldn't know how to explain any of this anyway.
Shouldn't we pull over?
I think a nurse named Kalarjian is going to choke Isabella to death!
Kalarjian?
I wasn't worried about us.
Don't worry.  Nothing can happen to us.
Um, Kimberly?  This is a neighborhood. You may wanna slow it down.
He can't breathe damn it.  I think his lung's collapsed!
Stop it, don't move him!
You said she was going to drive into a lake.  How can she when she's in protective custody?
How do you know?
Guys, let's not panic.  Isabella's safe.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Whoa, nine months?
Hey, I'm a police officer, remember?
How are we going to find her?  There must be thousands of white vans in this state.
Shit, I don't have her number.  She was never interviewed.  She took off right after the accident.
It sounds all well and good, but what if we're wrong?
It throws the entire Death list out of whack.  And a new list has to be rewritten from scratch.  We all start over with a clean slate.
Yeah, I thought he was supposed to be helpful.
New life defeats death?  Follow the signs?  Where the hell did you find that guy?
Who is this guy, anyway?
This is cheery.
I did.  And right now, I don't think she cares.
We have to tell her she's in danger!
Nora's not coming.  She refuses to leave her son.
Hold on.
Turn around.  The cleaning woman said they're at the dentist's. 14th and Main.
They're next on the list.  We have to find them.
I'm not following you --
Pigeons... It's a sign!  If Clear's right about the order, then Nora and Tim are going to be attacked by Pigeons!
Clean up?  I don't...
I didn't.  Until I was dispatched to clean up one of the Flight 180 survivors.
Then you believe all this??  That Death is working off a list?
I know.  I've gotten calls all morning from everyone who was on the onramp. We're all meeting at my apartment tonight.
Evan Shaeffer's dead.
I tried calling last night but your father --
...My Premonition was just like his.
You mean Alex Browning.
Like what?
Billboards about accidents.  Kids yelling "pile up" for no reason. It all felt...just wrong. Just like... 
The log truck...and everybody I guess. Everyone was driving like a maniac. And somehow I knew something horrible was going to happen, even before it did.
Do you remember what triggered it all?
Like I said, it was like I was there. I remember everything.  The sounds of the crashes, the smells, the look on Shaina's face...
Tell me again how it started.
You're not listening to me!  You have to do something!
Alright miss, calm down.  I just need this lane open.  I need you to pull your vehicle onto the shoulder!
THAT's the truck that's going to kill everyone!
There's going to be a pile up.  Logs. Bodies everywhere.  I saw it happen. It happened.
What's going on here?
For Christ sakes girl, take a breath.
Highway to Hell, Highway to Hell.
Relax, you need to chill the fuck out.
There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die, all of us, I saw it!
What is it?  What are you?
There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die.  All of us!  I saw it!
What is it?  What are you?
How does a nice mature fuck sound?
What's the chance of finding a nice mature guy once we get to Daytona?
I can live with thaaaa --
Get ready to smile, five guys per girl.
This trip better be worth it. What's the guy-girl ratio again?
No, I'm good.
Want me to drive?
Would you take these?  And if I die...  Could you throw all my drugs out? Paraphernalia, porno, you know... Anything that would break my mom's heart.
I guess so.
And you're gonna die after me, right?
I...I don't know.
When I die.  Is it gonna hurt?
Sure.
Can I ask you a question?
I don't know what's weirder, the dialing a wrong number part or that Death would set you up nine months in advance.
The best way to get to Yankee Stadium is Route 18.
Hey, don't be knockin' the Chevette.
More than that.  All the songs on the radio were about car crashes. Some kid's banging toy cars together.  She was dialing her cell phone with her headset on.  His car was leaking oil all over the road.
I don't know what I'd do if I lost you.
I used to have those feelings, too. But that's when I'd think of Mom. Her strength...and courage.  And I'd pray that maybe I'd grow up to be as brave as she was.  And the bad thoughts would go away.
There were so many times I didn't think I could last another day.  I can't even tell you some of the things I thought about.
I love you too, Dad.  Goodnight.
I'm sorry.  I'm just so happy that you're safe.
That it's not over yet.
What feeling?
I know it's crazy, but I'm really scared for the others.  I've got this terrible feeling.
I will, Dad.  Bye, luv you.
I mean it.  Take care of it.
You got it, Dad.  I'll call you if I have a problem.
Your car's leaking either transmission or brake fluid.  I want you to have it checked ASAP at a gas station.
Hey, Dad.  What's up?
Kimberly?  It's Dad.
I know, Dad.
Your mother would have been so proud of the way you've handled yourself through all of this...
I know, honey.  I just --
I know this is the first time we've been apart since.  But everything's gonna be okay.
Fix-A-flat?  Road flares? Sunblock?  Mace?
Relax, Dad.  It's Daytona, not Mongolia.
You have everything, Kimberly? Credit card, cell phone, AAA card?
Thanks, Dad.  I'll call you.
Nice try, kiddo.
You think the tooth fairy's gonna come tonight?  I'm thinkin' like fifteen bucks.
You think... You think those guys were b.s.-ing us today or what?
Yeah?
Mom?
Jeez, Mom, stop trippin'.
You're all certifiable, you know that?  I can't believe I've been listening to this crap.  Come on, Tim, let's go outside.
Who am I, David Blane?
What on Earth are they doing?
I know, we'll be there soon.
Damn, it really hurts, Mom.
When I do this.. it'll have skipped you... and it'll all be over.
No! No! Don't!
You know what to do.
That's why It skipped Carter and went to the next one in the path of the explosion; Billy.
Police are coming.
Get out! Get out of the car!
Get out! Get out of the car!  Get out of the fuckin' car!
Don't do it! Don't do it!
Carter, get out!
Easy, Billy, just open it.
Can't you open the door?!
Let us out!
Stop the car!
They blame me for everything. Her, Tod, the plane crash...
Billy told the F.B.I. he saw you runnin' away from her house.
We're takin' you to a cabin in the woods, it's only a couple miles from my house.  Keep off the highways, they'll be lookin' for us.
I can't go home. After Lewton's, they'll be after me.
Nothing is... anymore.
No.. I mean, I don't have anything on me. This won't be safe.
Those guys are probably fifteen minutes away.
Most kids never have it happen.
Most kids do, I guess.
Alex, on the plane... you must have experienced... some kind of hyper awareness. But here... you're suggesting Tod's death... and maybe our own... will happen because of... an active Presence.
No, but it might as well be the same thing. This was a message... from someone, or something... hinting... at the design.
I don't understand... did you see Tod die? Did it happen again, like on the plane?
That's total bullshit. You can find death omens anywhere you want to.
I'm not just layin' down a bunch of math here, with this. I'm talking about indications... omens... that day, that we were meant to die. That, if, we have been aware of... would have saved everyone on the plane.
Wait. I thought you meant the time of your birth. Four/Twenty-five, as in, month and day... that's a reach.
Right. April 25th.
4:25.
Like... 4:25.
Remember the departure time?
Thirty-nine.
No.
Remember the gate number?
Thirty-nine.
How many died on Flight 180?  From our group?
As in flannels and plaids?
He said Death has a design. Even before he said that I had been seeing patterns.
Ohmygod! OHMYGOD!  OHMYGOD!  He's not dead?
Ahhh! fuck! You fucking asshole. You think this is funny, you fucking dick? Tod, if you're not dead I'm gonna fucking kill you!
That's him, but... he's not here.
I think. But why'd they make him up like... Michael Jackson?
That... him?
Doin' somethin' I'm not supposed to.
This place?!
Then, let's go see him!
I don't know. I wish I could just see him... one more time, then, maybe...  I would know.
Is that something you're "feeling?"
What if Tod... is just the first... of us?
"It?"
I've never dealt with death before. I wasn't alive when my grandparents died. I wish I could know. I mean, all this... could just be in our heads. Now it feels like it's everywhere.
That's why I was there last night.
Like you, the sculpture doesn't even know what, or why, it is. Reluctant to take form. And, yet, creating an absolute but incomprehensible attraction.
I'm... really sorry.
Not a likeness. It's how you make me feel, Alex.
It is. But that didn't stop me. Shouldn't stop you.
You went there? I've wanted to go there, but I thought it was off limits.
Yeah, but everything's always in transition. If you focus, even now, one week into summer... you can feel Autumn coming.  Almost like bein' able... to see the future.
It's only the end of June.
He's not a witch.
How would I know? You think I'm some sort of...
Of course not! Gods aren't afraid to die! Gods don't die! We do!
"Intervention?" What are you, God now?!
My intervention in the death of 180 survivors will cheat the design.
But I saved him. I intervened. Just like the plane. That's the design.
You're the fuckin' devil.
You should have been next. After Lewton, you should've been next. That's the only pattern. You should be dead.
No!
What's your fuckin' worry? If it's not your time...? I could get nailed runnin' this red light and you all wouldn't get shit! Only me, right?
It doesn't matter who's next... we're all on the same list.
You get off havin' control over me. Let me choose how to deal with it.
Is knowing going to make it easier? It makes it harder.
Why do you think I was hiding?
Alright, Browning, you fuckin' warlock... did you know about Ms. Lewton, or what?
Look, there's something you should all know.
We're losing our favorite teacher.
All I owe is these people.  To live my life to the fullest.
I don't.
Hope you don't think, Browning, that because my name ain't on this wall... that I owe you anything.
I wish you were on the plane!
You're payin' for my trip, Browning!
Fuck you! I'll remove myself!
I'll remove him.
That's a plan.
Me, too.  But my dad doesn't understand. When he's better; you and me, road trip to the City. Catch the Yanks.
Been on many planes that blew up, have you?
And then the cabin banged and the left side exploded. The the whole plane... blew up. It was so real. Exactly how everything goes.
Because of you, I gotta sit here and watch fuckin' "Stepmom."
C'mon, man, like you really thought you were gonna tittie fuck 'em over Greenland, or something?
Fag.
Dude, get wisdom. We're about to board a seven hour flight. The toilets in coach are barely ventilated closets. What if your body wants that airplane food out of your system and you have to go torque a wicked cable and then right after you walks in Christa or Blake?  You want them to associate with you with that reflexive gag and the watery sting in their eyes?
Man, that is one George Michael notch from being gay.
No... I can't. As long as I'm in here, it's outta my control.
Alex... can you promise me that no one else will die?
Oh, you've noticed it, too?
Yes... see, there's this... pattern... that's occuring.
"Next?"
I believe that... Ms. Lewton's next.
No. I saw it. I saw it!
Did you take any sedatives before boarding, or on the plane. Sleeping pills?
I got this... feeling... a weird feeling... I can't explain it...
No harm. No foul.
I'm sorry we broke in.
Design?
You may not realize it, but we're all just a mouse that a cat has by its tail. Every single move we make, from the mundane to the monumental... the red light we stop at, or run; the people we have sex with, or won't with us; the airplane we ride, or walk out of... is all a part of Death's sadistic design leading to the grave.
You saying Tod did kill himself?
... there are no accidents. No coincidencess. No mishaps.  And no... escapes.
In Death...
His father's pretty fucked up with denial. Maybe he couldn't deal with the thought of an other accident... taking another son.
Why would he pull at the wire if he were committing suicide?
Cuticle lacerations.
I know who you are.
I'm... a friend of his. His best friend. See, his father...
No one's that strong.
It broke!
Whatta' you whinin' about? He said I'm next.
Shoulda' felt up Tammy in the pool, that time...
Me, right? That's why you're not saying.
Please tell me I'm gonna get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.
'Cause if you say another word, I'm gonna fuckn' kill ya!
Hey, man, why'd you say that?!
Billy! I'm gettin' a vision!  You're the next one...
And don't pass on the right.
WE DON'T NEED THIS NOW!
SHUT UP, BILLY!
I'm not afraid! I DECIDE WHEN IT'S TIME! I control my life! I control my death!
I know what you're doing!  It's alright to be scared, Carter. You don't have to prove to us how big your balls are. Not now.
That's what I'm doin'!
Get control of yourself!
Not with us in the fuckin' car!
May as well go out under my own free will, right?
Knock it off!
You have a responsibility to tell me.
He didn't say nothin'. Just drive.
They're watching me, see if I go to Alex.
So, why'd you want us to meet you here? Now?
Terry's name should be on this wall.
What are you doing?
There's the Mekong.
... and there's this guy with a black helmet and cape, right, and he's got this sword... except it's not a sword, it's light...
Star Wars?
Hell.  This is just like fucking Star Wars, man!
Oh, yeah.  Listen, how long do they keep you in this disease hole?
Maybe because you're shot in the leg.
Really?  How come he didn't take me?
Your buddy made it out last night. The place went apeshit.
What just happened?
Wow!
Put it in the guard's barracks.  Man they got pissed.  They beat the crap out of me, but... it's kind of a tradition.  You oughta see 'em run around.
What's that?
Yeah.  It's not hard once you get the hang of it.  In the wrist. Anyway, I did what I always do when I get one...
You mean the snake?
What kind of raggedy-ass rescue you call this?
No.
I gotta tell you, it's just luck you guys came when you did.  They move us around a lot... We only been at that camp a week.  Got a smoke?
That's right, buddy.
Sorry, I mean... I talk to people all the time... I know a lot of them aren't there.  But this is real, isn't it?  You're taking me home now?
Huh?
You guys are real... aren't you?
How much we got left in that minigun?
You're gonna love it.
Forget it.
It's a Soviet MIL MI-24.  Probably has 12.7mm nose cannon, heat-seeking rockets and wire guided missiles, plus...
Brewer!  You know what that thing's packing?
Duck soup.
Can you handle the door gun?
Hold your pantyhose.  Here, gimme a hand.
You comin'?
Gawd, you look awful.
What... whattaya do?
Yes.
Are they going to torture us?
Ain't you coming with us, sweet thing?
You better take off.
You take pictures and split.  I'm going in.
It's orders!  You remember... when they tell you to do something and then you do it.  John Wayne is dead, man.
I suppose you have...
You never been in one of those things.
What?  Are you crazy?  We're supposed to take pictures and split. You're gonna blow the whole program.
I'm getting him out.
Nothing we can do, man.
That guy's not going to make it.
Bastards.  Let's get some shots.
Torture cage.  Can't stand... can't sit... for days.  Sometimes weeks.
Alright.  Home run.
Roundeye.
Let me see.
Can't tell.  Pretty tall.  He's real scrunched up in that thing.
American?
It's a guy in a cage.
Guard barracks.  Take some shots.
Snoring.  Five, six guys. Mumbling... Vietnamese.  Somebody talking in his sleep.  A toilet flushing.
I need a vacation.
How you doing, Brewer?
Pirates?  No kidding?
Sometimes they do.  They're river pirates.  Opium runners.
These guys look like they'd sell their mothers.
Yeah.  Dinky-dau, that's me.  Hey, Co.  You wanna meet Jake the one- eyed snake?
Powerful warrior.
What's that?
She likes you.  Says you're dinky- dau.
What's she saying?
Yeah...
Brewer.  Does a jet make noise?
How come we didn't just drop near the camp... save this hassle?
We'll check it out.
Who cares?  Let's just do it and get out.  Go have a Jacuzzi and get laid in Bangkok.  Know what I mean?
Why would they send us to a deserted camp?
Fermented fish sauce.
What's this stuff on the rice?
I had it cupped.
No cigarettes.
You fucking crazy?  I need it to burn these things off.
Damn!  Leeches.
Buddhist monastery.  Fifteenth century.
This place is a trip.
There are no worse places.
I've seen worse places.
That's a real good reason to wind up in 'Nam.
I was in the brig.  They gave me a deal.  I blew up this Colonel's golf cart with an M-19.  He wasn't in it or anything... it was the symbolic value.  Seemed like a good idea at the time.
No.
You wanna know why I stood up for this show?
Exactly.
And a beat-to-shit AK?  Every twelve-year-old in Nam's got one of those.
There's a compass in the handle.
That's it?  Some C-4, a map and a knife?
Where's your stuff?
Cocktail party.  Uh huh, right.  Let's saddle up.
AC-System 'Big-Ear' telescopic mike with built-in audio processor. Can pull a whisper out of a loud cocktail party at 50 meters.
What's this?
This is state-of-the-art firepower.
Batteries not included.
Modified M-16 A2 and over-under M-79 grenade launcher, with Sionics sound suppressor, Tracor starlight scope and LAC/R-100 Laser sighting system.
What do you call that?
Keep it down, man.  I got problems.
You okay?
Home on my strobe.
Read you.
You read me, Brewer?
You break your leg, I'll have to shoot you.
Yeah.  Why not?
We're leaving tonight, not in a week.
Show me in case you get zapped as soon as we land.
That's what I'm here for.
Show me how it operates.
No radio source.  Nothing for the bad guys to triangulate on.
Yeah.  Second set.  Let's go.
Gettin' old, huh?
One hundred.
... then proceed downriver to extraction at point Echo Delta. Doyle takes us out by helicopter, we all live happily ever after and that's the last time, Rambo!  I swear to Christ.
Ninety.
... to target at Ban Kia Na.  We probe the site...
Start over.
Co Phuong Bao.  The guide takes us twelve klicks upriver to target at Ban... at Ban... Bo Peep.  Shit!
You stopped.
Insertion.  Call in to base camp by TRANSAT.  Proceed to point Tango November for rendezvous with our ground contact.  Indigenous agent. Co Phuong Bao.  We've been over this three times.
Again.
No.
Ever do this from a jet?
Clown?  Now back up there, buddy...
This clown almost blew mission security on the street.  I'm not jumping with him.
It doesn't hurt.  Why doesn't it hurt?
John.  My name is John.
Minigun.  Come on.  Let's move. He's coming in on our open side.
What was that?
Why you don't feel love?  Not allowed?  Dead inside, maybe?  You make yourself dead already so they can't kill you?  In-vulnerabo?  Bullshit!
Look, Co...
How?
Yes you can.
I couldn't get you in.
I know.  I go with you.
How you going to get there?  You can't trust the spooks to pull you out.  They'll use you up and throw you away.
Go United States.  See Nguyen. Maybe teach economics.  Buy Cadillac.  Watch "Dynasty."
Yeah.  Got some business there. What are you gonna do?
You try get across Laos?  Get to Thailand?
In-vul-nerabo.  But you get ass kicked without me.
Invulnerable.
You think you are... .
I do?
Carefully.  Don't want to get shot by you.  Bad karma.  Anyway, you need me.
And how'd you sneak up like that?
Took bus, most of way.  I knew you would come here.
Christ.  How'd you get here?
Let's go.
Rambo.  NVA coming.  Pig dog Kinh say meet them here.  Whole garrison from Con Cuong is out.
Thanks.
They heard about escaped prisoner on radio.  Make deal.  More than we pay.
Why'd they want us?
Yes.  But I lose many merits in next life.  Very bad.
Are you okay?
Nguyen is good boy.
It's nice there.  He's probably digging every minute.  Got a surfboard.  Breaking girls' hearts.
Huntington Beach, California.
Where's Nguyen now?  What city?
Where's his father?
Nguyen.  He twelve now.  Not see him for eight years.
Oh.  They talk to me at university before fall of Saigon.  Make deal.
Intelligence work.
Spooks?
How did you get started working for the spooks?
Crazy motherfucker.
I thought he was with you.
Where did you find this clown?
I go up to this camp two months ago. Nobody there.  Empty for years.
Why's that?
I have arranged transportation.  We meet soon.  But I think you to be disappointed.
How do we get upriver?
Sure.  I only sound like forty-year- old in your language.
You really got a Masters Degree?
It means "virgin."  My mother was comedian.
I'm Rambo.  This is Brewer.  Her name is Co.
Well, if there weren't POWs before, there are now.
You pathetic scum.
Sorry, Sir.
That's an order.
Sorry, Sir.  Can't do it.
Stay on your heading, Captain.
Let's get that tent down!
Alternate LZ Zulu Sierra at 0500. It says "May have heat.  Don't be late.  All our love."
That's right.
All this is for us?
I was crossed-trained in gunships.
I didn't know you were a stick man, Rambo.
Don't look so disappointed.  It should be hairy enough... even for you.
We just take pictures?
Negative.  Absolutely not.  The phase two assault team will get them out.
We don't try to pull out any of our guys if we find them?
This operation is in two phases. Recon and rescue.  You are phase one.  Your two-man team will probe the site, confirm the presence of American POWs, if any, make photographic and tactical observations, then proceed to the extraction point without engaging the enemy.
What's the plan?
Memo E-7 on top will cover the details.  An abandoned Vietnamese Army base in the North-central highlands may have a compound used as an internment camp.  As you can see the intelligence is soft.  These LANDSAT photos show huts... barracks.  It could be anything.
I'm not jumping blind.
Not yet.
Where?
We like you.  At least the computer at Langley likes you.  Pulled your file because of various factors.  Service record. Area familiarity.
Why me?
Classic special forces op... hit fast... in and out.  Two men.  Two days.
What's the job?
I'm authorized to get you out of here.  I thought that's what you wanted.
I don't work with spooks.  Not after that op in Cambodia.
He... took it.
What?
... and then he, uh... took the other one.
Christ almighty.
Um... actually, no.  It looks like he shot down one of their gunships...
What?
Sir, there's something else... a TRANSAT relay.  Just came through.
Typical...
Half their air force is our stuff. Captured.
He's giving them a run for their money.  Says here they've got two Hueys from Danang.  I didn't know those dinks had Hueys.
What that?
It's not over.  You made one mistake.
You're out of your depth, Trautman. Way out.  I'm acting correctly here. Not you.  Not your gung-ho jungle ace.  It's over.  Walk away.
Of course not.  You can't get approval to rescue a kitten from a tree after Tehran.
So there never was a Phase Two rescue team?
That's a crock.  We don't say that. Do you have any idea the shitstorm if he'd gotten back with that guy? If it went public?  The White House would have to act through channels. We're talking ransom.  Four billion bucks in war reparations to Vietnam to get the others back.  That's billion, Colonel.  With a "B".  For a few guys that've had their brains in a blender for ten years?  A pain in the ass to everybody?  No way. There's no way.
"Terminate with extreme prejudice."
It was clean.  Very clean... Rambo was a decorated Vietnam vet, a former POW himself... if he came out and said "No POWs" the sub-committee would buy it.  He gets himself caught he's a private citizen, a whacko, acting on his own.  If he gets proof, it gets lost somewhere between here and D.C.  Airtight. But no... Rambo's gotta be a hero. Thinks he's starring in his own war movie or something.  He put me in a corner.  No choice.
Rambo and Brewer were selected as write-offs.
Word came down... they wanted an answer.  And they knew the answer they wanted: no POWs.  But it had to look good.  Best effort.  The whole dog-and-pony show.
This mission was a scam from the word go?
Look, it was a screw-up, alright? They weren't supposed to find anything.  We thought that camp was empty.
Don't dance me, Kirkhill.  You'll be walking funny.
You think I'm some whacko?  I like to hurt people?  I'm doing a job here.  If I knew what's right or wrong I'd be a goddamned priest, right?  So I follow directives... I do what I'm told.  It's simple.  If your boy had done what he was told, there wouldn't be a problem.
But you're right... some people do get sacrificed.  Now tell me why you pulled the plug.
Not my people.
Look, Colonel... we're all adults here.  This is a war.  A very quiet, very intense war.  People get sacrificed.
Take your time.
Have fun.
I know...
That's a pretty hairy ride.  Full Colonels are supposed to be above that sort of thing.
I know.
It's not necessary.
Listen, Kirkhill.  I'm a bit of a fifth wheel in your setup here... I thought I'd go out with the extraction team tonight.  Unless you have an objection.
What's up?
The League of Families leans on Congress.  Then they lean on us. Like we don't have enough to worry about in a dozen dirtwater countries.  Damnit!
Black.  No sugar.
POWs?  I don't know.  But either way it'll get that subcommittee off our necks.  Cream?
You think they'll find any?
Couple hours.  Let me buy you a coffee.
How long before you're fully on line?
Nice work.
About 22 hours on site.
How long have you been setting up?
De Fravio.  Dave De Fravio. Lieutenant... Air Force.
What's your name?
I could a couple of days ago.  Gonna be... stiff.
Can you walk?
Man, you are one scary-looking motherfucker!
American.  Come to get you out.
Who're you?
You got it, sir.
Keep it clean, Rambo, or I'll nail your hide to the shed.
Let's do it.
I say we tape him to a chair.
Listen up.  You two are married as of now.  Get used to it.
This just occurred to somebody, now?
We left some people behind there, John... POWs.
You just picked that wrong war to be a hero in.
I just wanted... I don't know... after all that... I just wanted one person, one person, to come up to me and say "you did good, John." And mean it.  That's all.  After all that.
What did you want?
Five.  I never wanted that stuff.
Plus, what else?  Two Silver Stars, four Bronze Stars, two Soldier's Medals, four Vietnamese Crosses of Gallantry and... uh, a handful of Purple Hearts.
Yeah.  Big time.
Congressional Medal of Honor.
You're not.
Those men are all dead.
Hardcore outfit.  The best I ever trained.
That's it.  My life.
This your stuff?
Hard to believe.  You shoot up one little town in Oregon with a fifty caliber machine gun... one little dogpatch town... and everybody figures your wrapper's broken.  No sense of humor.  What did you expect?  An engraved plague from the chamber of commerce?
There were treating me like a headcase.
That depends on you.  Christ, look at you.  I give you this easy duty until I can get you an assignment... all you have to do is eat ice cream and watch soap operas... and you have to make it Rambo's last stand.
Am I out of here?
Seems like I'm always pulling you out of some goddamn toilet or other, doesn't it?
I could take it or leave it.
I hear you're not enjoying it here.
Mind if I sit down?
Colonel.
Hello, John.
Hey? What did I tell you? Why don't you come? It's just dinner. You'll have something to tell your mother next time she calls.
No really..I can't.
The nails!! Watch the nails!!...  Listen, you still have to eat.
Oh, no..I have to get home...
Yeah!
Really?
You know, let me tell you something! I'm not that kind of person. I don't do people favors. If I talk to you it's because I want to. So we're not all ...uh...Jerri Hall...Big deal... What a boring world if we were. You do the best you can with what you got. You're not so so invisible, ya know... You want make an impression? Try this; you can be a real bitch.
I'm paying you.
That's not true...You gotta ease up... Conversations have a life of their own. You gotta just go with it...We're having a lovely conversation.
I don't feel like I make any impression on people... At office parties I spend my time re-arranging the hors d'oeuvres as people eat them, so the platters will always look full. I don't start conversations because I have no idea how to end them...I think I'm just meant to live in the background of things.
I don't understand you. What is the problem?
I think some people are meant to be alone.  Maybe I was a man in a former life and I used women for pleasure so now I'm paying for it - which would be fine, if I could just remember some of the pleasure parts... 
I can't believe you lived with her for that long. If I had to live with my mother, I'd stab myself six times.
...My mother calls every week. Like a recurring nightmare. "So, have you met anyone?"..."No mom".. "So what's going to happen?"... "I don't know Mom"... I only thank God I moved out.
It's a disgusting process. You haven't missed anything.
I never really...went through a... dating period.
Tell me about it. I've been dating longer than I've been driving. I can't believe that.
Meeting ... people.
What?
I mean, it's not easy in this day and age.
Fine.
Well, there's nobody special!
Well, don't say it like that. It's not so...ya know, crazy an idea. You are a healthy woman... You hold a steady job. Ya not crossed eyed or anything...
Do I look like I have someone special?
...SO...anybody special in your life?
It's an awful thing, let me tell you. My Aunt used to say,  "divorce is the sister-in-law of death".
My parents were divorced.
You threw him out?
...So he says to me, "you'll never find another man like me"...I said, "please, men like you have one hand on their dicks and the other hand on their mother's leg... I said, there's the door - take a trip.
That all depends on you. ...Sure you don't want a drink?
Will it hurt?
No, thank you.
Can I get you anything...coffee... tea...a little tequilla?
I've never been in an apartment above a store.  You always pass them on the street but you never think anyone really lives in them.
Ah... I do them myself.  I used to work in a beauty parlor.
I like your nails.  Where did you get them done?
Well, I guess I'll come back then.
Yes!  They'll be in soon.
Well did you or didn't you?
You know, I think I... ordered some just the other day.
Yeah.
But now it's free, right?
This will last you one year after which you have the option to renew if... you like at a membership discount.
Huh...the restaurant's just around the corner here...
Yep! Right on it!
<u>What are you, out of your mind</u>!
Holdin' my penis... What a lovely way of sayin' how Much ya like me...
Why this is outrageous!...
Most men are.
I'm shocked.  With a child bearing body like yours...  ... why a man would have to be out of his mind!
<u>You're surprised</u>!... But I guess I just never met the right guy.  Whatta gonna do?
Jack, he's starting a conversation...
This food's delicious.  You're a wonderful cook.  And you have a lovely home.
I mean, I've gone out with bums, but they were gorgeous.  It's the only reason to go out with a bum.
Got any more bread crust?
Getting your nails done is one thing but going to dinner with a bunch of strangers and <u>him</u>... She didn't even look at him.
Huh-huh....You son of a bitch!
I think.. I...I realized...I love you.
Terrific. Going on alot of dates ... seeing lots of men... lots of dates..
How have you been?
Well!  What do you want me to do - applaud?
Then what do you want to stay with me for?
Oh yeah?  What did I get?  What did I get I couldn't've gotten from somebody with no name any night of the week?  You think your company is such a treat?  Your moods, your...  "pain", your problems... You think you're entertaining?
<u>Listen</u>!  We both got something out of it, all right!
What have you been doing here!  <u>Huh</u>! <u>I wanna know</u>!  <u>What have you been</u> <u>doing here</u>?!
All right... I'll pack my stuff tonight.
Bullshit!  If you're going to hurt me, you hurt me now -- not some long... drawn out hurt that takes weeks of my life because you don't have the balls!
I didn't know.  I just said all I want is some time.
You can't even give me that?!  What were you gonna do, Jack?... Just gonna organize your life...  ... walk out that door, move in by yourself and what -- drop the news when you find somebody else?  What were you planning to do, Jack?
No.  So what time do you need?  I love you -- you love me -- you want to get your career going, great!  I'd like to be a part of it -- I think I deserve that!  So what do you need to figure out alone!?
No.
First of all, let me tell you something -- you don't know shit. Second of all, as far as <u>we</u> go, what time do you need?  What have we been doing here, except <u>time</u>?  Have I ever... ever pressured you!?
... I'd like to focus on my career - - now than I can, now that everything's all right... Parry's taken care of... and... Like I said, I feel like I know a lot more now and I don't...
Right now, I'm just not sure about... making such definite plans.
Slowed things down?  Where have I been?  Have we been going fast!?
... Listen, so much has happened and I think it would be a good thing for both of us if we slowed things down a little.
No... it's just...
You want to talk?  Come on, Jack... Did I cross the line by mentioning the future or what?
No, I... I think we should talk about this.
"I'm an incredible woman?"  What is this, a death sentence?
What?
No, it's not... Come here...
... What?... You don't want to commute?
... I would love to start looking at least.  You know, maybe a two bedroom or even, maybe the top floor of a house -- like in Brooklyn or Staten Island...
Ugh, these tapes are a mess.  I don't know where to begin...
Ya know, I'm thinkin' -- with another income coming in, I would love to get a bigger place.
Thanks.
It's so great to see you like this, honey... I can't tell you.
<u>You</u> made coffee?... You're going back to work <u>and</u> you made coffee?... I love this!
I've got to put these tapes in some kind of order... and... Oh, I should get my sports jacket cleaned...  ... There's coffee if you want...
<u>Whoah</u>!  Oh, honey, that's terrific!
He says if I want to get back to work, no problem.  He wants me to come in and talk and... and... <u>that's</u> <u>it</u>!
You're kidding!  What did he say?
My agent.  I called my agent.
So what's going on?  Who's Lou again?
You were great. Thanks alot.
Well...I think you should feel very proud. You did a real nice thing for somebody else. I'm very proud.
Nothing it's just...I begining to understand you.
Who's knows. My Aunt Marge used to say, "some matches are made in heaven, some are made in hell and some are made in hardware stores".
You know, I can't believe I did it. You think it'll work out?
I think they're made for each other. And it scares me.
What do you think?
Well..everything's closed up. We thought we'd get some dinner.  Say!....Anybody up for Chinese?  Have you eaten? Would you like to come along?
What are you two up to?
Thank you very much.
Well talk back.  He won't bite you.
He just needs some clothes?
I don't know... He's a little disgusting... Although some women go for that.
And this is our other..uh...co-worker.. Parry..uh...Parry....
Hello....congratulations.
I thought... if... if I can help him in some way... you know?... get him this girl he loves... Then... maybe.... things'll start changing for me... My luck, ya know... Maybe...  Forget it... It's a stupid idea.
Well, what the hell does that mean?
See, I told you!
What does that mean?
All right... Sorry... I feel indebted to him.
Don't treat me like I'm stupid.  It pisses me off.
I... You're not going to understand this.
What?  The curse'll be lifted?  <u>Will</u> <u>you please</u>!
Lydia is the girl Parry likes... And I thought, if I could get them together I...
And who's Lydia?
He's not a moron.
The moron?
I was not with a woman last night.  I was out with Parry.
...<u>Forget it</u>... <u>Goodbye</u>!
... I don't get a friggin' phone call.  You stroll in here at noon.  I got... two people out sick.  Ya think I need this?  I Do Not Need This!
What... No... Lydia... I want to speak to... her name is Lydia... I...uh...
You're calling <u>Lydia</u> in <u>my</u> office. You must think I'm some dope.  You fuckin' bastard... You...  ... stay out all night long...
I don't know her last name... I'll be off in a second.
Lydia?!  Lydia who!?
Hello, I'd like to speak to Lydia?
Can I have my desk please.
I wish there was some way I could... just... pay the fine and go home.
You didn't kill anybody.  Stop.
I get this feeling like I'm... a magnet but I attract shit.  Out of all the people in this city, why did I meet a man who's wife I killed?
Oh stop.  Things will change.  My Aunt Mary always said, there's a remedy for everything in this world except death and having no class.
I tell you something, Anne.  I really feel like I'm cursed.
Oh, I got a pimple... This stuff is supposed to blend with my skin color... Like it really works, ya know...
... You have a little... uh... something on your face...
Oh sure... Gotta believe in God.  But I don't think God made man in his own image.  No.  'Cause most of... the bullshit that happens, is because of men.  No, I think man was made out of the devil's image and women were created out of God -- because women can have babies which is sorta like creating, and which also explains why women are attracted to men, because, lets face it, the devil is a helluva lot more interesting -- I slept with a few saints and let me tell you... <u>Booooorring</u>!!!... And so the whole point of life, I think, is for men and women to get married so the devil and God can live together and, ya know -- work it out...  ... Not that we have to get married.
You still believe in God?
Oh, I used to be such a Catholic.
Okay.  ... I love you...
I'm not seeing anyone else.  I really was attacked.
Please... before you go on... let me tawk... okay... We've had a wonderful time together... When we first met, you said this wasn't serious and I shouldn't get serious and then you moved in and we haven't been serious. And I just wanna say that I have no regrets.  None.  And don't wanna have any now so I want ya to be up front with me... I want the truth. If you're seein' somebody else, let me know... You don't have to pour gasoline on yourself and light a match just to break up with me.  Just tell me the truth.
I... I stayed at a friend's.  Listen, I --
... So... where did you sleep last night?
You're all right... you sure...
No, I'm fine... really...
You were attacked.  My God.  Should I call a doctor!  Did you call the police...
<u>Oh my God</u>... <u>What did they do</u>!  <u>My</u> <u>God</u>!!!
Two kids tried to set me on fire.
<u>What</u>!
I was attacked.
I can't tell you how distraught I was.  All night long.  What the hell happened?
I smell gas... Do you smell gas...
I'm sorry.
Yeah, well... suicidal paranoiacs say funny things sometimes.
It happens to be a beautiful love story.  Ya know, you used to like that about me.  You used to say you liked that I didn't make you think so much.  That we could be together and not think...
Because it makes me feel good to see how not funny it is and how America doesn't know the first thing about funny which makes it easier not being a famous funny TV celebrity because that would just mean that I'm not really talented.
Then why the hell do we watch all the time?
It's not funny.  It's... sophomoric and mindless... and dumb.
Well, it's funny!  Whatta want from me?
Why don't you go upstairs... take the day off. All right?...I'll cook tonight.
Anne, they're MY moods. If you want to understand moods, have one of your own!
Are you in a mood today baby? Is this one of those days when you're in ...whadda call it... an emotional abyss?  Talk to me, cause I don't understand these moods.
You'd have the option to care for him at home but my advice is it wouldn't be the best thing for him. He needs hospital care. I just thought you could sign the release forms, but the city can do that. I wouldn't feel responsible in any way. There's really nothing you can do. I'm sorry.
What if I was a relative?
Well, it's not unusual in his case... Sometimes victims of tragedies are subject to the brain's replay system. The brain never loses anything - it just stores it up and waits. A person could actually re-experience the full effect of a tragedy, long after the event took place. Are you relatives?  Well, it doesn't matter. We'll take care of it. He'll have to be sent back to the same institution.. 
But..How could that happen?
I'm afraid not ... Then again, I'm not sure. The beating's bad but it's not the problem... It seems he's.. re-experiencing the catatonia... So, like before, he could snap out it in an hour or in thirteen months or thirteen years... ....I don't know. There's no way to tell.
Yeah so? The guy's beat up - he...he probably has a concussion or something, right?  He'll snap out of it?
He can't hear you.  Hi...I'm Dr. Weintraub....  I was on duty when they brought him in...I've been going over his record... He was brought in once before I understand...  ..."catatonic  stupor"...condition  rendered him non-verbal for a period of -...
Parry?
She <u>likes</u> me.  She said for me to call!
She gave you the old brusheroo, kiddo... Believe me -- this tart will never make it to your desert plate...
No, Jack, no, it's not... She likes me.
Yeah, Edwin, <u>sure</u>... and <u>Pinnochio</u> is a true story... <u>Edwin!  Wake up!</u> This is a fairytale...
I think she likes me... she gave me her number, but she must work a lot cause when I call she's never home... But I think we'll go out this weekend... I've...
Yeah, but does she swallow, Edwin?
Okay... I know but... I met this beautiful girl...
Yeah, I know the place.  It's one of those chic <u>yuppie</u> gathering holes.
I... I... went to this bar... this very, ya know -- hard-to-get-in place... called Babbitt's...
So, Edwin, baby, this is Sunrise Confession time... what have you got for us?
He's not here.
I'm... just looking for Parry...
Can I help you?
He and his wife was were at some bar ..and some nut came in with a shotgun and blew the place apart. She was a beautiful girl...She never knew what hit her.
Tragedy?
Yeah, well... I let him stay there. What else could I do after such a tragedy?
No...  He is supposed to live there?
You a friend of Parry's?
<u>I tell him no visitors</u>!!!
Uh... basement I think...
Where you comin' from?!
I'm a man with a mission, Jack.
Remember. One chorus and out.
Oh please!...I was born a Catholic in Brooklyn... I've been to hell and back.... I'll be fine...  ....Thanks...You're a gem.
Um...I've got to run. I've bee doing this all day.  Are you going to be all right?
Well,... I'm a singer by trade... Summer stock...nightclub revues... that kind of thing...It used to be what I absolutely lived for...God...I can do GYPSY backwards - every part- but, one night...in the middle of singing "Funny..... - it suddenly hit me... ...what does all of this really mean?  That, and the fact that all my friends are dead...God, I sound like a veteran. Dad would be so proud.
Can you tell me something? Did you lose your mind all of a sudden or was it a slow gradual process?
Venice...Like Katherine Hepburn in SUMMERTIME. . ....Why can't I be Katherine Hepburn...
Come on...maybe we can...where do you want to go?
No...no...we can't...we can't..
Where?  Maybe we can.
A real nice place I know... Ah...can't get there! Not tonight.
Uh...Where...where do you want to go?
I wanna go...Just let me go...
Leave me alone...I wanna go...
It was a crime.
Isn't that awful? Poor Brenda Frazier. Poor Little Gloria. They ruined them! THEY ATE THEM ALIVE!
NO! I want a debutante on a horse to step on me.  Leave me alone!!
Come on now...You can't sit here.
NO...I WANNA GO! I WANNA GO NOW!
It's O.K...It's O.K...Lets me help you up.
<u>No</u>...<u>No</u> <u>please</u>...!
.....Me neither.
Good.  You believe this drunk?
Yes... I... I agree...
People spend a lot of hard earned money for this neighborhood.  It's not fair... looking out their windows to see your ass asleep on the streets...
I... I was just leaving.
You shouldn't hang around this neighborhood.
I used to think my biography would be JACK LUCAS - THE FACE BEHIND THE VOICE, but now it can be JACK LUCAS, THE FACE "AND" THE VOICE...or maybe just JACK - EXCLAMATION POINT...
I was nine in the sixties.
How un-sixties of you.
No, I have to work.
I'll remember that the next time you get excited by drawing pubic hairs on raisin bran.  Want some?
Jack, it's a sitcom -- you're not defining Pi.
... First time in my life I'll be a voice with a body.  Do you know what that means?  What this could lead to?
Fine.
They're putting me on film tomorrow.
Fine.  I'll say no.
You know, tomorrow's a very big day for me... It would be nice if you acted like you understood.
You're so witty.  I'm so jealous... I <u>need</u> to get out of here, Jack, and do something other than sit in this apartment and count how many funny lines you have per page.
About dinner as a concept or about dinner with...  <u>Raoul</u>?
You can ask.
Can I ask that when you clean your hands you wipe the ink off the inside of the sink before it stains the stainless steel.
Tonight!  How's tonight?
Okay... twenty dollars... When can you...
Well, since you're a member, we could...
How much?
You know, Anne does other people too. Sort of a sideline... 
Yes.  They're free.
Free?
Uh... you... you can pick out up to ten movies...
Now what?
Well..um...you get an official membership card...  Just sign that and we'll laminate it right here... Parry?  You want to laminate Miss Sinclair's card?...
So how do we do this?
Yes. Hi..Congratulations. Jack Lucas. Nice to meet you finally. This is Anne Napolitano, the owner of Video Spot.
Hello. My name is Lydia Sinclair.
<u>No!</u>  <u>I told you</u>! <u>You won a contest</u>!
Did Phyllis in accounting tell you to call me?
You get a VCR with the membership.  ... For a short time until you get your own.  Listen, why don't you come down to the store and you can check it out.  See if you're interested.
Well, I mean... I don't know you... This has never... I've never won anything and... I don't have a VCR.
Well there....  What's the difference?
Well -- were there a lot of people in the room or just you or what?
A list.
Well, I don't understand.  What did you do -- did you pick my name out of a hat or... or... a list?
Your name was picked.
All of them... Which means <u>you</u> have just won a free membership at our store on Second Avenue.
Which ones?
Well, congratulations Lydia, because out of several thousand card holders... in conjunction with several major credit card companies...
Huh-huh.
Yes well...  You are a credit card holder, are you not?
Yes.
Yeah?  Who is this?
Hello Lydia?
No... no... that's all right... I thought I knew her... Thanks...
God, I have no idea.  She's worked here for fifteen years and I have no idea.  I'll call her.
Lydia.  Lydia what?
Oh, Lydia!
Uh... she was wearing a kind of... a flouncy kind of... uh... plain...
What girl?  I didn't notice.
Could you help me-- what was the name of that girl who just came in...
Yeah.....Hey they're moving....  Am I doing that?
Beautiful night huh?
I know!
Parry, it's Lydia Sinclair - our membership winner.
I'm still scared.
No. Nothing bad's going to happen. Anne'll be there. I'll be there. Nothing bad will happen.
...I feel so much for her...I feel like something awful is going to happen.
What are the other reasons?
No. But that's not the only reason people get together or..stay together.
Tch...how romantic. Yeah. If I wasn't already committed to Lydia, boy. Except Anne'd never go for me though. She loves you too much. And you really love her, huh?
In a bar called Hellfire.
I'm sorry....I'm just so excited.  You must have felt this way when you first met Anne, huh? Where did you two meet?
Will you stand still so I can do this!
<u>Parry</u>!  Close your pants...
Holdin' my penis...
Sure...
Is that what your girlfriend does for you?
Bad example. Just trust me. A woman who loves you keeps you going...gives you strength... Makes you feel like you can do anything...
Happily married, probably.
Well, see, I think she can help...You know women are great..they...they make homes and they..ya know, kill the livestock so the knights can go out and get Grails and...and slaughter villages with a clear head...I mean, where would Arthur be without Guinevere...
Maybe, when we get the Grail...
Parry, you don't have to <u>earn</u> a woman. It's the twentieth century.
I can't ask for her...I have to earn her.
Then let's begin with the story itself. It's a story of the Grail myth...And although there are several variations, my favorite begins with the Fisher King as a young boy... who had to spend a night alone in the forest to prove his courage... and during that night, he is visited by a sacred vision. Out of the fire, appears the Holy Grail - God's highest symbol of divine grace. And a voice says to the boy, "You shall be the guardian of the Grail, that it may heal the hearts of men"...But the boy was overcome ...Innocent and foolish, he was blinded by greater visions - a life ahead filled with beauty and glory, hope and power...Tears filled his eyes as he sensed his own... invincibility. A boy's tears of naive wonder and inspiration. and in this state of...radical amazement...he felt for a brief moment, not like a boy, but like God...  ...And so he reached into the fire to take the Grail. And the Grail vanished. And the boy hands were left caught in the flames...leaving him wounded and ashamed at what his recklessness had lost him. When he became King, he was determined to reclaim his destiny and find the Grail... But with each year that passed, with each campaign he fought, the Grail remained lost, and this wound he suffered in the fire grew worse... He became a bitter man. Life for him lost it's reason. With each disappointment, with each betrayal... with each loss ... this wound would grow... Soon the land began to spoil from neglect and his people starved...Until finally, the King lost all faith in God's existance and in man's value...He lost his ability to love or be loved And he was so sick with experience... that he started to die. As the years went on, his bravest knights would search for the Grail that would heal their King and make them the most respected and valued men in the land, but to no avail.  Pretty soon, finding the Grail became a ruthless struggle between ambitious men vying for the King's power, which only confirmed the King's worst suspicions of man, causing his wound to grow. His only hope, he thought, was death. Then one day, a fool was brought in to the King to cheer him.  He was a simple-minded man... not particularly skilled...or admired... He tells the King some jokes...sing him some songs, but the King feels even worse...Finally, the fool says, "What is it that hurts you so much? How can I help?"...And the King says, "I need a sip of water to cool my throat"...So, the fool takes a cup from the bedstand, fills it with water and hands it to the King...Suddenly, the King feels a lot better. And when he looks to his hands, he sees that it was the Holy Grail the fool handed him...an ordinary cup that had been beside his bed all along...And the King asks, "How can this be?...how could you find what all my knights and wisest men could not find"? And the fool answers, "I don't know. I only knew you were thirsty."... And for the first time since he was a boy, the King felt more than a man - not because he was touched by God's glory...but rather, by the compassion of a fool.
What?
Are there any questions?
Bingo!
YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND!!
Who are you talking to Jack?
..Ha...Little fella? I mean the man talks to invisible people - he sees invisible horses - and he's naked in the middle of Central Park. I should be surprised? I'm not surprised. I'm fucking outta my mind to even be here!
NO! I will not! This is nuts! I'm leaving! I mean it...this is nuts.  This is too nuts...I'm leaving. I mean it!
Come on, try it. Ya feel the air on your body - ya little fella's flappin' in the breeze. ...everybody in the city is busy with their business and no one knows we're bare assed in the middle of it. Come on!
You can't do this! This is New York! Nobody lies in naked in a field in New York..It's...it's too Midwestern.
Have you ever done any cloudbusting? You lie on your back and you concentrate on the clouds...and you try yo break them apart with your mind. It's wild.
.....What are you doing?
Yes. I think that's very fair.
Well that's stupid. This is my park just as much as it is theirs. You think it's fair they keep us out just because they make us think we'll get killed or something?
Don't you think it's time to go now? Running around here during the day is one thing but at night we could be killed by a wide variety of people.
It's a classic.
It's such a great song.
Well, maybe he wants to stay here.  Do...do you want to stay here?
Who?
Listen, he just needs to sleep it off. Someone will take care of him.
Buddy, the days of the debutantes are ... not what they used to be.
Parry...
The Red...?  You're totally gone, aren't you?
The Red Knight!
SAW WHO!!?
WHO! WHO'S RUNNING?!! WHO HAVE WE BEEN CHASING!?? CAN I ASK THIS QUESTION NOW!!!
Isn't it great up here... He's gone now, but we had him on the run! We would've had his ass if we had horses! He's running scared!
You're totally gone, aren't you?
He knows who you are!  He's afraid!  I can tell!
WILL YOU PLEASE... please listen to me ...  You know none of this is true -                           PARRY the Grail, the voices...                           Jack... There's a part of you that                         Come on...what are knows this isn't true.                             saying... I know who you are...                              I know who you are.. or who you were.                                   You're acting really- You don't belong on the                            No, no, no, no... streets. You're intelligent                        Jack... man....you're a teacher...                         Jacck!... You were a teach at Hunter College. Don't you remember?...                               
So what? You going to help me?
I don't believe in little floating people! THERE IS NO MAGIC!
That's why the Little People sent you. Just <u>like</u> magic.
I'm self-centered, I'm weak - I don't have the will power of a <u>fly</u> on shit...
You're a real honest to goodness <u>good</u> guy.
I'm not. Believe me. <u>I'm</u> scum.
You're a true <u>friend</u>.
Will you shut-up!!!
I LOVE THIS MAN...YA HEAR ME JADED CITY...  ...I'M DAFFY ABOUT THIS GUY AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!!!
Please don't hug me in public again, O.K.?
...You are such a great guy. First the money, now this.  Isn't he fabulous!?
No. I think you're a moron and I don't want to get into trouble.
Tch. You are so sweet...Now I know why you're saying this. ...You're afraid I'm in danger and you're trying to protect me.
I take it back - you're fucking deranged... And you're going to get yourself killed trying to get in there!
I don't need a job. I have a quest.
Look, you're only sort of insane, really. People like you can lead semi-normal lives. You could get a job...
Of course there is, Jack. What do you think the Crusades were - a frat initiation? I don't think so...There has to be a Grail.
All right! Listen - please...don't start drooling or...rolling your eyes when I tell you this but - You shouldn't do this..There is no Holy Grail.
O.K...let me explain this one more time...The Holly Grail is in -....
You can't just break into Langdon Carmichael's house. This man has done nothing.
Pretty impressive huh?...Don't let it scare you. I'll admit it's formidable but everything has it's weakness.
You really want to help me?
I don't know. But I gave it to you...to help YOU...not him.
Well what am I gonna do with it?
But I gave it to you!
What are you doing?  Give that back!
Well, I think you should be realistic. Ya can't start an ad agency on fifty dollars!
No..I have to get back to work. Take care of yourself.
Can I take you to lunch?
That's O.K.
No..no, it's..I don't know what to say. This is so nice of you...Jack...
Here's another twenty. Will that do?  I mean, what's it going to take!
Fifty dollars?
Here...I just would like to help you. I thought...maybe...you could use some money.
Well, if every time someone did something offensive they hit in the head with a pebble, I think they might alter their behavior. What do you think Jack...
Why did you do that?
I don't know.
What's her name?
Huh-huh. I'm deeply smitten.
Do you follow her every day?
Parry!
"Soveriegn princess of his captive heart what dire affliction has thou made me suffer, thus banished from thy presence with reproach, and fettered by thy rigorous command, not to appear again before thy beautiful face. Deign princess, to remember this thy faithful slave, who now endures such misery for love of thee"....
Funny -- you look married.
I'm not married.
Thanks a mill --  And I'll give you a buzz as soon as I hear from the people upstairs and we'll get this thing off the ground... Thanks for stopping by, Jack.  Give my love to the wife and kids.
Thanks... You can keep the doll.
I know...
Parry... I'm Jack.
Parry.
Listen, forget the shoes.  I'll just take a cab... Uh...
See, you don't know him... That's why you're the one... You can get it...
But I can't get it... He's...
I wish you all the luck in the world. When you get the Grail, I'm sure I'll be seeing lots of you on various talk shows...
Oh, please... you're embarrassing me.
I think you're a very nice... very nice psychotic man.  I really appreciate what you did for me.  It was a very brave and noble thing...
Listen... I don't mean to be flippant or to enrage you or anything but... you're an imbecile.  And I'm not The One... I'm not <u>any</u> One...
I know!  You can't imagine how surprised I was.  Who would think you could find anything divine on the Upper East Side.
The Holy Grail?  Some billionaire has the Holy Grail sitting in a commode on Madison Avenue?
God... I'm the janitor of God.
Him...?
They work for Him.
The Little...
But I need help and <u>they</u> sent you.
A quest?
No, no... I mean that sort of happens along the way but no...  I'm on a very special quest.
Uh... gee... well... you seem to be some kind of vigilante...
Take a guess...  <u>Let him guess</u>!!  <u>Tch</u>.
Uhh... I'm drawing a blank.
... Do you know who I am?
I'm not...  Now, where are those shoes...
... I've got a right to say something.  I mean, you're tying my hands here!  They say you're not ready to know.
<u>Oh shut up</u>!!!
I'm the one what?
They said you're The One.
The Little People?
Do you know what the Little People just told me?
Sshhhh!
<u>What</u>?!
<u>What</u>!?
Where -- ?
They're --  -- What?
Hi... Where are my shoes?
My name is Parry.
No... thanks... Listen --
My abode... My domicile... My neck of the woods... Hungry?  Breakfast?  A fruit pie perhaps?
Where am I?
If you're going to murder me, that's fine... just don't laugh.
Hahahahaaa... Nononono... Not yet... Hahahaha...
Have I died?
Great place huh?
This is it. I'm in hell. Damned to an eternity of idiotic conversation.
I know a great place.  ...UH...WARREN!
I need a drink.
"OH beings blind! What ignorance besets you!
Please don't hurt me?
You won't be alone for long.
You can't leave me tied up out here alone, you fucking faggot!
OWW...MAN...
Are you all right?
<u>Nothing!</u> <u>They</u> <u>can</u> <u>do</u> <u>nothing!</u> <u>Gentlemen!</u>
Come on! Go for it! What the hell are they gonna do? They can't do nothin!
You're out numbered son.
You advise us!
I advise you to let us go.
BINGO! Tell the man what he's won!
OWWW....What are you nuts?!
Fuck you.
<u>Fag..a</u> <u>fag</u> <u>you</u> <u>say!?</u>... <u>"Curst</u> <u>wolf!</u> <u>Thy</u> <u>fury</u> <u>inward</u> <u>on</u> <u>thyself</u> <u>Pray</u> <u>and</u> <u>consume</u> <u>thee!"</u>
You a fag too?
Ha, ha, ha, ha rubbish...now begone...before somebody drops a house on you!...
It's just a bum...You know, there's enough in here for the two of you.
Unhand that degenerate - you adolescent ass of a one balled donkey!
Shhh...
... It's not just from tonight.  I've known you for a long time.  I see you come out of work every day.  I walk with you to lunch.  I know what you order... I see you buy Baby Ruths before going back in...  I know how you feel on certain days by whether or not you go into the bookstore...  ... I know you hate your job and you don't have many friends and you sometimes feel like you're not as... as wonderful as everybody else and you're a little uncoordinated  ... and feeling like you're the only one who's as separate and... alone as you are... and I love you.   I love you.  I think you're the greatest thing since... spice racks and I would be knocked out several times if I even got just a first kiss.  But I'll be back in the morning.  And I won't be distant.  And I will call if you let me... But I still don't drink coffee.
Will you stop!...  ... I'm in love with you...
You have a disease.
No, I...
Divorced.
No.
You're married.
Oh no, I want to.  I've got a hard-on for you the size of Canada... but I don't... want just one night.  I have a confession to make?
Oh... You mean you don't want to.
So are you, but I think maybe you should shut up now...  ... I'm not coming up to your apartment.  That was never my idea.
Listen, you're very nice... b...
Well, no wonder.  We just met, made love and broke up all in the space of thirty seconds and I can't even remember the first kiss which is the best part.
Listen, I'm not feeling well.
Excuse me...
And then we'll exchange phone numbers and you'll leave and never call and I'll go to work and feel great for the first hour and then slowly turn into a piece of dirt by lunch.  Why am I putting myself through this?  It was very nice... uh meeting you. Good night..
I don't drink coffee...
... and then we'll probably have a drink and talk and get comfortable with each other and... and we'll... then you'll sleep over and then in the morning...  ... you'll be distant and you won't be... able to stay for breakfast... you'll just have some coffee maybe...
I don't drink coffee...
Well... you're walking me home.  I... I guess you're sort of... attracted to me and you'll want to come upstairs for... coffee...
What are we about to do?
I mean you don't have to say nice things to me... That kind of thing is a little old fashioned for what we're about to do.
I never say anything I have to.
You don't have to say that.
Well, it's enough for me.
No, really..believe me - there isn't any more. This is it.
Don't say that.
There isn't any more to tell.
Tell me more. I want to know everything.
Well, I'm in search of the Holy Grail.
What do you do - for a living I mean?
We were neighbors for a couple for weeks on Sutton Place.
How do you know him?
Well - empires have fallen because of trashy romances...
We mostly publish trashy romance novels.
Why does it sound exciting? There's absolutely nothing exciting about it.
It sounds exciting.
...I..uh..I get to read some of the books but mostly I..just calculate production costs from first edition hard cover publication to paperback. After paperback it's basically someone else's problem.
Yeah.
What a gyp.
... Uh... we seem to be all out of Ethel Merman.
Got any Ethel Merman?
Well, we have plenty of those.  Right over here.  We got the MGM series, Astaire and Rogers, the Judy Garlands...
I don't like... uh...  Polish love stories...  ... I like musicals.
How about... Zbiegnew Speizak's "The Purple Bread," an intensely portrayed tale of love and envy set against the sweeping background of a Polish bakery.  In subtitles.
I don't like horror movies!
How about the "Hell Merchants"?
Oh...like Moses.
No just Parry.
Parry Parry?
Your little friend's real sharp there...  Yeah, I don't like to wear the wig on TV, because with two and a half million people watching you, you've gotta be sincere. I just like to wear it when I'm out slippin' around bowling alleys an' things like that. I think it gives me a little more class, don't you?
Yeah, I told her it was you, but that you're wearing a wig, 'cause on TV you're mostly bald in the front.
A wig?
That's a wig you wear, isn't it?
Well, Betty and Twinky, it sure is nice talking to you girls. I just wish I had more time...
Yeah, 'cause she's so "twinky"...
Twinky?
My name is Shirley, but they call me Betty, and her name's Twinky.
I leave it to you.
See, I told you it was him...  Your name's Donnie something, right?
I got accused a robbin' a fillin'station down in the Indian Nation, didn' I tell you...
Tell me what in the hell's going on, Elton!
I hope that's all you gotta say, El, 'cause I'm about as tired of your mouth as I am workin' this stinkin' hole!
If you're sayin' you're somethin' better'n what I am, that's one thing. But I can't say much a someone who'd run off an' leave a woman in a situation like this an' feel easy about it. An' that's all I gotta say.
It's ridiculous! I'm sitting here, listening to some asshole cracker compare his life to mine!
Well, id'n that nice.
Look at these assholes! What the hell are they doing?!
Give 'em the horn, Bob.
Okay. Go ahead. I'll settle up for the beers...  An' walk Rayette over with you, will you.
We gotta get on home an' relieve the sitter. Why'nt you an' Ray come on over.
Fill it up.
Sure you don't want anything?
You got any change?
No.
I'm gonna go in that cafe an' get some coffee. You want anything?
No, let's go...
Wait a sec. I want Tita to take a picture of you an' me in front of the place...
Come on.
I can't talk to you right now, leave me alone...
Bobby...
I don't, huh?
It's all right. He don't mean anything by that.
Oh, am I holdin' up dessert?
Just finish eating.
What?
Rayette.
I don't know.
This certainly is an improvement on the motel an' the coffee shop.  How could you have left such a beautiful place, Bobby?
Okay...
Bye, honey, I'll call you in a couple of days.
It brings out my eyes...
Sure...
Or maybe sit out by the pool an' get myself nice an' tan for you. Would you like that?
Okay, Ray...
Bobby, don't talk like that...
If you can't do what I ask, Ray, use that money to go back home, then.
So how long am I supposed to sit an' twiddle my thumbs in this place?
I have to see how things are first. My father's sick, you understand? They wouldn't be prepared for me bringing anyone.
Why can't I go out to your folks' house? Give me one good reason.
Oh, you're not going to kill yourself this time. I wish I'd known...
'Cause if it was me, I could just catch a Greyhound back.
Well, is that a happy face I see?
Who said I was depressed?
You're depressed that I come along.
Is what you?
I 'magine it's me then, id'n it?
No.
Are you depressed about your daddy, honey?
Shut up! All of you!
Just one minute, you! Don't you ever talk to me like that!
I'll tell you...  ... l-a-t-e-r.
What?
What the hell is that?
"Every trail that you blaze/Makes me..."
"You'll be burned out/Or smoked out/An' come back to me, I know..."
I love it.
You like it?
You'll be gone, period.
I'll be gone two or three weeks.
Do you love me, Bobby?
I'm not going to get up an' leave you.  Now let's go over to El's an' have a good time.
If you really want a get up an' leave me, you can read about it in the newsprint.
Sssh, come on now...  Be a good girl.
You're goin' a find me dead one time.
Elton and Stoney know how I feel about you. An' they're just goin' to think I'm not too nice a guy, which I'm not, an' that you're a hell of a person puttin' up with me, that's all.
Now, hand...
You go slippin' around in front a my face, an' in front a Elton an' Stoney. What do you imagine they think a someone you treat that way...
I'm sorry.
You treat me like I was.
I know you're not.
I'm not some piece a crap.
I'm going on over there...
You're the pathetic one, not me.
Come on, DiPesto. We can still have a good time.
I hope they do.
Okay. Hope no one hits on you.
Yes.
You just going to sit there?
I'm not.
Come on. We're goin' over to Elton's.
Yeah, great.  Why don't you throw Z's for 19 frames, and then roll a strike on the last ball in the last frame of a losing game? Just wonderful.
That was damn good, wad'n it? I finally did it...
You got another ball comin'.
I did, didn' I, El?
Will you just do what the hell I tell you...
I can't help it, honey, the ball just keeps goin' cocky wobbly on me...
Right. Now show me a little somethin' this time, okay? Give me some form...
Is it my turn again?
No, I'm not mad at you, hand. It'll be all right. Just spot and follow through...
I'm tryin', baby, so don't start gettin' mad now.
That's right, hand.
You know what, you are never satisfied.
You can sing the song.
I'll go out with you, or I'll stay here, and do anything you'd like for me to do... if you'll just do one thing. If you'll tell me that you love me.
Out where?
Why'nt you take 'at sign off your tit, Ray, an' let's go on out.
No, dammit, I would easy.
Now, now.
Serveza yourself!
Cerveza.
You're playing the other side.
Sugar, you know how I feel about you, don't you? I'm just tryin' to get you to take an interest in my kind a things, an' what I'm tryin' to do with myself...  You know, there id'n anything in the world I wouldn't do for you, baby. I started livin' the day I found you, you know that?
I'm too moved by your gentility to speak.
How 'bout if I just cut off your damn water?
Well, lemme sing the one I picked an' see what you think...  "When there's a fire in your heart/Break the glass/Sound the alarm..."
You said.
Now quit, Bobby. You said you're goin' a help me pick a song.
No.
Well, lemme play the other side then.
You're not going to play it again.
No, but it was very clever... I would of just punched her out.
I didn't get it, did I?
Fantastic! That you could figure all that out, and lay that down on her, to come up with a way you could get your toast.
Shut up.  You have bread, don't you, and a toaster of some kind?
Hey, mack!
It's just filthy. People are dirty. I think that's the biggest thing that's wrong with people. I think they wouldn't be as violent if they were clean, because then they wouldn't have anybody to pick on... Oofh... Dirt...
Well...
Who? People, that's who! Pretty soon there won't be room for anyone. They're selling more crap that people go and buy than you can imagine. Oofh! Crap! I believe everybody should have a big hole where they throw in all this stuff and burn it.
Who?
I had to leave this place. I got depressed, seeing all the crap. And the thing is, they're making more crap, you know? They've got so many stores and stuff and junk full of crap, I can't believe it.
Yeah. That's before the big thaw.
I saw a picture of it. Alaska is very clean. It appeared to look very white to me... Don't you think?
How do you know it's clean?
You don't have to tell everybody about it. Pretty soon they'll all go there and it won't be so clean.
Alaska? Are you on vacation?
Alaska.
Where are you going?
We'll get off in Washington and hook another ride.
Washington.
How far are you going to?
Palm Apodaca.
What's your name?
Seven hundred dollars, down the toilet! I'd like to go back and punch the son of a bitch out! Can you give us a lift?
You're lucky no one was hurt.
Look at my car! Piece of shit! I just bought it brand new from a used-car lot, and the steering goes to the pot on me!
Yeah. I want you to hold it between your knees.
You want me to hold the chicken.
Now all you have to do is hold the chicken, bring me the toast, charge me for the sandwich, and you haven't broken any rules.
One Number Two, and a chicken sal san -- hold the butter, the mayo, the lettuce -- and a cup of coffee... Anything else?
Okay, I'll make it as easy for you as I can. Give me an omelette, plain, and a chicken salad sandwich on wheat toast -- no butter, no mayonnaise, no lettuce -- and a cup of coffee.
I don't make the rules.
Would you like to talk to the manager?
What do you mean, you don't have side orders of toast? You make sandwiches, don't you?
I'm sorry, we don't have side orders of toast. I can give you an English muffin or a coffee roll.
Wait, I've made up my mind. I want a plain omelette, forget the tomatoes, don't put potatoes on the plate, and give me a side of wheat toast and a cup of coffee.
I'll come back when you've made up your mind...
I know what it comes with, but that's not what I want.
Only what's on the menu...  A Number Two: Plain omelette. It comes with cottage fries and rolls.
But I can't have any. Is that what you mean?
No. We have tomatoes.
What does that mean? You don't have any tomatoes?
No substitutions.
Five'll do it.
No. How much do I owe you?
Can I get you anything else?
I always tell everyone the same thing. I got rolled and beat up real bad recently, and since then it's two for one, an' I work strictly in tandem with Betty...
Well, you seem very professional...
I'm gonna give you our number, Donnie, just in case...  We're both professionals, if you didn't guess.
Well, I don't claim to have sold 'em all. They still have some left, I believe.
She says you're the one that sells all the cars on TV.
Am I on TV?
We been wantin' to ask you something. Are you the guy on YV?
Are you talking to us?
Wasn't it, ladies?
Bye, Robert.
Bye, now.
I'll say goodbye to you, Tita.
But what about me?
I didn't want to say goodbye to anyone.
You were going without saying goodbye?
Yeah. I said a week, and I've overstayed myself...
You're leaving?
Can't I have anything to myself, dammit?!
I'm talking to you, Tita!
I don't know where she is!
Where's Catherine?!
It's none of your business!
My turn.
Where is she, anyway?
Sailors are sadistic, I feel.
Look, can't you see that, what I'm talking about?
You know, he was formerly a sailor.
I think he's got a terrific personality.
Yeah, well, he's...
I don't think I'd notice. I'm so used to Carl.
I'm not. He does walk funny. Don't you see that?
Why are you being so mean?
Look at that.
No, thanks...
With applesauce?
What?
Do you want some gingerbread?
I don't know.
Well, you're not going to run out on me right away, are you?
There's nothing to say, Tita...
Oh, let's not talk about my hair, it does what it wants to, and anyway, who cares, I want to talk about you...
Well, if you just maybe did something with your hair, or...
Like what?
You're attractive, Tita. If you just did a little more with yourself...
Actually, it's very admirable, the way she works. She'll probably be enormously successful, because she's attractive as well, not that that's so important in music, but...
Uhm hmm.
Constantly. Night and day. And unless I get up before the birds, I can't get in any practice time for myself...
What about Carl and Catherine? Is he just coaching her, or what?
I probably am, but I don't care. I mean, I wasn't that blessed to begin with, and when would I have had time to make any improvements...
No, I don't really think you're a freak.
Oh no... Why? What is it? The way I look?
Sort of.
No, no, I don't think that, I'm just curious about it...  Do you think I'm a freak?
Why? Am I some kind of freak to you or something?
Sometimes.
Well, do you -- I mean, have you enjoyed all these... strange things you've been doing?
What questions?
We can't all get up and leave, can we? I mean, there are certain needs you have to respond to...
No, I don't.  You should've left a long time ago.
I mean, you think I'm that happy?
A week or two isn't going to ruin your life, for Godsakes.
Yes, it is. I can't take seeing him, sitting there like a stone.
It's not that bad.
Uhm hmm. Some range.
He has ways of communicating, Robert. I can tell when he's expressing approval or disapproval, just from his eyes...
A couple of months.
How long have you been staying here?
I don't think you should infer Daddy was wrong in front of him...
Well, I really appreciate it, Carl.
All right...
Tita, I've got to go...
It'll be so good for you, and for Daddy, because you know, you've never really...
Yeah, me, too...
Oh God, I'm so glad, Robert, that you're coming...
Well, I'll be seeing you in a couple of days, won't I?
No, I need to talk to you, about so many things...
Maybe you better stay, then.
Wait...
Well...  I better let you...
I know.
I'd rather drive up myself and... maybe go into Canada after... And I can't stay long, Tita, probably a week, at the most.
No...
I'm going back up tonight. Will you go with me?
Yeah... I guess so...
Don't tell me about this...
He's not... They feel he... maybe he might not recover, and that he'll either...
He's had two strokes.
Oh, well, what, what's he...
Daddy's very ill.
What?
Robert, I have to tell you something...
Crashes into a Jeep and totals his neck.  That's Carl...
It's not funny. He permanently sprained his neck, and since then it's been extremely difficult for him to tuck the violin.
Well, 11 months ago he was on his bicycle, on his way to the post office in La Roche... and he ran into a Jeep and sprained his neck...
Carl's a fiddler. What's he doing coaching piano?
Catherine -- she's a pianist. She's working with Carl.
Who's Van Oost?
Well, Herbert's mostly on the mainland because of the orchestra, so at the moment, there's just Daddy, Carl and myself... and Van Oost.
Everybody still up on the Island?
I have to talk seriously with you...
Very nice.
Robert...
No kidding.
Waldnit von Schnechter. Prewar.
No.
You know who it once belonged to?
Oh.
This is a very special, very old CB 275...
Sorry.
Thank you...  Oh no, don't put it on there...
Well, I don't mean to.  Here's your tea, Tita.
You always do this to me.
Don't, then.
I just can't look at you.
That's good.
No, I'm not...  I'm not.
Now don't...
Robert Eroica...
Hi, Tita.
Oh my goodness... Bobby...
Would you tell her Bobby's here?
Tea.
I hope it will, yes.  I'm sorry.
That'll make you happy.
Yes.
And living out here, in this rest home asylum, that's what you want?
I'm trying to be delicate with you, but you're not understanding me. It's not just because of Carl, or my music, but because of you...  I mean, what would it come to? If a person has no love for himself, no respect, no love for his work, his family, his friends, something... How can he ask for love in return? I mean, why should he ask for it?
Just give me a chance, will you?
No. It's useless, Robert. It wouldn't work, not ever...
Please, I'll see you later this evening.
Catherine...
I'm sorry everything's been so confusing, but I have to go, Robert...
What?! I can't hear you!
Oh. You have to tell me that.
I can't do that. I haven't been being fair to Carl. I have to tell you that.
Will you let me talk to you, please?
No, I can't...
Yes, it is!
No, you don't have to, it isn't necessary...
No, I want to talk to you now. I have to explain something about...
I'll be back later...
I have to talk to you.
I'm going to pick up some friends of Carl's. Are you all right?
Where are you going?
Of course I'd like to.
I could spend some time with you tomorrow morning, before Carl comes back, I mean, if you'd like to.
What?
Robert?
Yeah, I think I could.
Do you think you could discreetly move across the hall now?
Yes.
Is he?
Carl restored my confidence. He really did. He's much more substantial than you give him credit for.
I'm fine.
As a matter of fact, he's the one who introduced me to Carl...  How are you?
Something witty and devastating like that.
That's what you said?
I married him when I was 17. He was a cellist, and I thought he was the most brilliant man I'd ever met... And I'm sure he was, because at that age, I hadn't met that many... But he was insidious, you know. He had me convinced that I was a mediocrity, musically, as a woman, as an intellect. But in this completely imperceptible, pleasant way, so that you weren't even sure he was doing it. Anyway, I just woke up one morning and I said, you know something Joseph, you're full of beans, and I left him...
I don't believe vou.
That's right.
No inner feeling.
Shut up...
No, don't do that...
Yes, that's what's important to me...
Serious, that's what's important to you?
I'd like you to leave now. Is that direct enough?
It's direct, anyway, which seems to be difficult for you.
I don't find your language that charming.
Some bath oil?
I'm not faking anything. I'm looking for some bath oil...
It's convenient to fake looking for something right now, isn't it?
I'm not conscious of having given you any meaningful looks. And as for the day after tomorrow, this is the day after tomorrow, and I am, unfortunately, seeing you... Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to take a bath.
Up to now, what I've been getting from you are meaningful looks over the dinner table and a lot of vague suggestions about the day after tomorrow...
I don't think that's accurate...
Yes, it was. You've made it clear that if I can cut a little piano, I might get a little response.
Look... You made a very calculated move, and then made me feel embarrassed for responding to you. That wasn't necessary.
No, it isn't what I think.
I think it's what you think.
You think I'm a fake.
No, you're very good at it. I'm really impressed.
Catherine...
At being a fake.
What?
Well, at least you're accomplished at something...
Wait...
Then I must have been supplying it.
None.
You had no inner feeling?
I didn't have any.
It doesn't matter. It was the feeling I was affected by.
Nothing. It's just that... I picked the easiest piece I could remember. I think I first played it when I was 8 years old and I played it better then.
Why?
It wasn't supposed to be, it just struck me that way.
Is that funny?
I was really very moved by the way you...
Thank you.
That was beautiful, Robert. I'm surprised...
Of course I do. It's music. You know...
You don't call that music, though.
I have played a few times. Here and there. As a matter of fact, I was once a rehearsal pianist for a Las Vegas musical revue.
I mean, how could you not play anymore? That's so strange to me...
I gave it a second thought.
One thing that's hard to understand is how you could have this incredible background in music, and then just walk away from it, without a second thought...
Yeah, I'll probably be free.
If you're free.
The day after tomorrow.
Carl has hydrotherapy on Tuesdays.
Tomorrow's a full practice day...  But the day after is kind of open.
Tomorrow, then.
After that, I plan to read some music and rest for awhile.
Then after that?
Right now I'm going to run a hot tub and soak myself.
I don't know. Let me give it some thought.
That's right. Have you anything to suggest?
Nothing? Then it must be very boring for you here.
Nothing.
Well, there's fishing and boating. There's concerts on the mainland and... but I feel silly telling you. This is really your home. You probably know better than I what there is to do.
Besides piano and swimming, what else do you do?
What would I do with it? Run amok?
Why?
Well, I wouldn't want to get too invigorated myself.
I love to swim, and I don't mind the cold at all. It's invigorating.
Playing piano all day and then jumping into cold water. You could get a cramp.
Swimming?
That's dangerous, you know.
Yes, intentionally.
I guess you fell in the water.
Hello...
And you no longer play at all?
What have I been doing? Different things, different jobs, here and there. Nothing that interesting.
What have you been doing since then?
You're all full of shit!
Robert, I think you better just...
Robert, let's not be rude, okay?
Oh, for chrissakes...
I thought you had to go to the mainland today. Aren't you going to miss the ferry?
All right, let's have a rematch.
That's three games to none, Carl.
At game, Carl.
See? There's nothing wrong with the way I walk. Now where are we?
That's what I mean...
I've walked across a stage a number of times, without exciting any particular response...
Your serve. Two -- Eighteen.
I'm not aware of it. Like what?
What do you mean? Aside from my neck, I'm in superb shape.
You sure you should be playing, Carl?
Nothing. Will you excuse us for a while?
What?
Robert, do you mind?
Thanks, Carl...
I hope you feel at home, Robert.  I'm really glad you're here.
Is she?
She's tremendously gifted, this girl.
It's still nearly impossible for me to turn my neck. If I wanted to turn toward Catherine, for instance, I'd first have to twist the whole base of my body around...  ... like this...
What?
Did you hear about my misfortune, Robert?
No, the last time was three years ago.
Four or five years.
It's all right. I'm fine.
Suit yourself. But I'll tell you, where we're headed is gonna get colder'n hell.
No, it's okay.
I've got an extra jacket behind the seat, if you want to put it on.
No, I don't, I uh... it got burned up. Everything in the car got the shit burned out of it. All I got left is what I have on...
Haven't you got a jacket or anything with you?
Will you shut up for a minute!!  Pull your car out of line.
Come on, get moving, dammit!!
Oh, uh huh. I had a little kittycat once, that Bobby give me...
It's a Borzoi.
What kind of doggy is that?
I do eat slow as a bird, whereas Bobby can put it away like a speed swing...  Is there any ketchup around?
No, you're not. Go ahead and take your time.
Not at all.
Well, thank you, that's a very nice thing for you to say.
Oh, no. You're more than welcome.
Well, I was goin' to, but Bobby said he hadda kind of feel things up here first, which I can understand, but then it went an' took so long, I ran flat outa money...  I didn't have no number to call, you know.  So I hadda clear outa there an' come on up here, in the hopes that I wouldn't be intrudin' myself...
I don't understand why you had to stay in a motel. There's more than enough room here.
For two whole weeks, an' there wasn't hardly nobody there to talk to but me. The manager of the place told me it was the off season, an' it must a ben, because other'n me, there was just this 25-year-old kid, DeLyon, that didn't appear to be all there, an' this old married pair next to me that was always hollerin' for quiet. Can you imagine? All you could a heard there was a pin, an' them, hollerin' away...
You've been staying in a motel all this time?
I took some aspirin and it really upset my stomach.
What's wrong, Carl, you hardly ate anything...
At any rate, Dad wanted to hire a private detective to ferret you out, and I said, "What for?" Whatever the hell he's doing, even if it's a completely wasteful escapade, it's entirely his business. Simple as that...
I hope I didn't hear that.
I don't know where you were, penis envy.
Oh, my, "a summit conference." I wonder where I was, polishing silver behind the coal bin.
You know, just after I came back off tour with the Betenthaller Quartet, Dad, myself and Herbert had a summit conference about you...
Besides being very rude.
It is true.
I don't think that's true.
Away from the piano, Tita, you have no sense of time at all.
Oh no, it's been much more than that.
Well, I should hope not...
You haven't dampened my spirit, Samia... Excuse me.
But I'd like to say, so that I don't dampen the spirit of your adventure...
I think these cold, "objective" discussions are aggressive, Samia...
... which should exclude you from any objective discussion. But keep in mind, even the arts aren't free of aggressive content, nor the institution of marriage.
Well, you're a romantic, Catherine, as are most musicians, and what's more, about to be married...
No, I wouldn't.
What about it? Wouldn't you agree that a great deal of mischief has been done in the name of love?
And what about love?
Hold onto this.
You better hold onto your tongue!
I wouldn't be a waitress. They're nasty and full of crap.
Don't call me "mack," honey.
Don't call me "honey," mack.
Salesmen and cops are the ones. If you'd ever waitressed, honey, you'd know.
Bullshit! Truck drivers know the best eating places on the road.
That's an old maid's tale.
Hey, follow that truck. They know the best places to stop.
Not dirt. See, dirt isn't bad. It's filth. Filth is bad. That's what starts maggots and riots...
Well...
A dispose-all, what's that but more crap? I've never seen such crap. Oofh, I don't know how people get up in the morning.
There'd never be a hole big enough. Now took at me, for instance, when I was just one person, before Bobby, I had so much garbage collectin' onto me every day, I was thinkin' about gettin a dispose all...
Jesus, what a rude person...
Come on, Terry, we got a ride!
Right, steam. A car you could ride around in and not cause a stink. But do you know, they will not even let us have it. Can you believe it? Why?! Man! He likes to create a stink. I wrote them a note once, and told them to clean it... I mean, don't you see that? It's just filthy! I mean, I've seen filth you wouldn't believe! Oofh, what a stink! I don't even want to talk about it...
Steam.
And you know, I read where they invented this car that runs on... that runs on... when you boil water...
And they picked up! I mean, it wouldn't be filthy, with Coke bottles and whiskey, and those signs everywhere...
Yeah, it could be adorable...
In my personal thing, I don't see that. I'm seeing more filth. A lot of filth. What they need to do every day, no, once in a while, is a cockroach thing, where they spray the homes. And uh... can you imagine, if their doors were painted a pretty color, and they had a pot outside, with...
In my personal observation, I think that more people are neat than are clean...
Well, you're not that bad, but some people... I mean, people's homes, just filth. I've been in people's homes...
Wait a minute. I'm not that neat, maybe, but I am clean.
What do you mean "mass"... I have to come out and tell you, you're not that clean, either.
Mass production is what does it.
Perhaps...
Well, she was.
The choice of words, "squashed flat," juxtaposed against the image of a fluffy kitten...
I strongly doubt it, but I wasn't really discussing media...
The TV. There's some good things on it, sometimes.
Pardon me?
There's some good things on it, though.
John believes in the basic goodness of man, and that's fine, but gaze into the pit like I have and that view seems a little soporific. And not unlike television, it hardly represents the real world...
Oh, for pity's sake...
I have a suggestion. Why don't we take a break.
Do you have to let me get halfway through the movement first? This is tiring me.
That's exactly what I am doing, again.
Well, you have to simply tell me, that's all.
If you want to call it that.
Oh... I'm sorry. Was I singing again?
I'd like to remind you again, this isn't an opera or a musical comedy.
Yes.
Miss Dupea.
Alright.
Then I want you to go to whoever's sayin' that and tell them to stop.
I told you, no. I'm not that type.
Is it true?
What chu listening to rumors for? I'm not like dat.
There's a rumor that you were tryin' to get somebody to beat me up.
Alright, tell me, what'd you hear?
Just get the fuck outta here.
God, you drive me crazy. I just want you to know how I feel and you don't understand.
Now she's tellin' me what the fuck to do.
For once in your life have some 	respect for me, don't even curse at me or nothin'.
Then don't go out with me.
I wanna go out with you, I want to be part of your life. I want you to treat me the way a girlfriend should be treated.
So get the fuck outta here.
Please don't scream at me. I like you, but I don't like the way your attitude is.
Hurry up, you're wastin' my time, what the fuck.
God, I just wanna speak to you. I just wanna speak to you the way I feel about you.
Not now, I'm busy
Why you have an attitude for?
What?
Look at me.
Fine.
Aaron, how you doin'?
Don't fuck wit' me! Don't fuck wit' me.  My lawyer's so good he'll have you workin in Alaska, so dress warn.
Oh, 'cause you got it like dat?
I aint gotta prove nothin' to no girl, 'cause I got it like dat.
No you didn't, you ain't provin'it.
I kissed those girls.
Well, you know I'm standin' here and you say I look good?
I did.
See, I got you, you are so scared. I don't believe that you kissed no girls. That you got three girls and that you faithful and this and that.
Good. I'm faithful to them.
How you treat them?
I buy them flowers.
I look good, that's it. So what else do you do for these girls?
You look good.
So what you think of me?
Nah, we make out and stuff.
That's it?
Just chill.
So wadda you do with your girls?
Me? No. Don't want none either. Such bastards, man.
You got a boyfriend?
A play-ya.
You know. I got a lot, more than one.
So what's her name?
Of course.
So you got a girl?
I just wanted to see you.
Whadja wanna see me about?
I guess he's outside someplace I don't like takin' him down to certain places.
Oh you know, cleaned the house, cooked. Took care of my little sisters. Sit down. So where's Carlos?
No.  What you do today?
You know somebody around here?
I, umm, came to see you.
What are you doin' here?
Nothin'.
So watcha doin'?
Um. Yeah! Shorty!
Remember me, from the pool?
Hi.
Yo.
Wussup.
Wussup?
Victor.
What?
Victor.
Do you have a name?
I'm wit' Carlos.
Who are you?
Yo, Carlos-I'm gonna punch you.
Why don't you ask Eddie?
Eddie from Baruch, the one who was sittin' wit' dat little girl;
Eddie from Compost?
Yo, can I talk to you for a minute?
Wussup, Victor.
Wussup?
I can't, I'm gonna get punished more!
Who gives!
I can't!
Come down!
'Cause you know what, you're not supposed to know but yesterday she lent me her pills for her Moms and if I don't give 'em to her she's gonna die. You want her to die?
Yo! What you goin' for
What you want with her anyway'
For real?
I think by Twenty-two.
Near Natasha's? Or over by Boy's Club?
I think she lives down by Pitt.
She lives near Eddie?
I'm gonna punch you. What you want with her anyway? You in love with her?
No, c'mon, stop playin'. The girl that you kissed when we got there. Where s he live at?
The one with the phat ass?
You know, Eddie's cousin.
Which one?
Yo, remember from the pool, that girl?
If we were at 10th Street Pool you woulda done it right in the water, right?
I gotta go take a piss.
No, Baruch.
Eddie from Compost?
Amanda is Eddie's cousin.
Man, if I go down you're goin' down with me.
C'mon.
Oh man, what we gotta leave ar' own neighborhood for?
Pitt.
Where you goin'?
I'm not goin' to 10th Street, people piss and shit in that pool,
What are you going that way for?
These are the pretty girls you told me to come down for?
Natasha, Maria, Tina-
So what girls are over there?
I'll be right down.
Yeah! Tell me which one you would like. To be doin' nothin on a fire escape or beat the pool with a bunch of girls? Be straight up!
They are?
I can't man, I'm punished!
Forget it! C'mon Let's go to the pool.
She fucks it all up!
Wha'?
I won't let my motha cut my hair.
Fa what?
I got punished, man.
Why?
Okay, then dance. Show.
Yeah.
Now salsa, you know how to dance salsa?
Yeah, that's right, you got it girl.
Like this?
Um, yeah I think so.
You gonna talk to him?
I think he's 18 or 17.
How old is he?
Yeah, he got boxes in his stomach. He's taller than me.
You said before, that he got boxes?
Yeah, he got a bad attitude.
A bad attitude.
Umm, he got dark brownish eyes, he got a nice nose I love his nose. I love his skin. I love his lips, he got a great smile and he got-
How does he look up close?
I suggest you turn around and go back to where you came from.
She didn't say she had no man.
Yo, that's my girl.
She's like this high, dark hair, skinny
What she look like?
A girl named Amanda.
Who?
Yeah.
You here to see somebody?
Wha'?
You looking for somebody?
Nah.
I know how ta get him back if you want.
You gotta girLfrLend?
Yeah.
You live around here?
Jus' from around the way.
Where you know Amanda from?
Wha'?
Hey!
Not really.
You wanna do somethin' with me?
So, then whadda ya want?
No.
Nothing.
What?
Probably.  One of the many.
Yo, I know what you're thinking, that I'm one of those guys that keep coming up to her.
How do I know you're not lying.
I'm a good friend of hers.
So what do you want with her anyway?
Didn't I see you at Pitt yesterday?
Your friend must be misinformed.
My friend told me she lived around here.
Positive.
You sure?
Positive.
You sure? She's got kind of like brown hair.
Comanche Indian.
By the way: what kind of name is Poon?
God I admire you.
Utah?  Jesus Christ! First of all, Alan Stanwyk does not own one share of stock.The three million dollars for the ranch in Provo comes from my daughter who converted some of her personal holdings, not company holdings. Now if anybody in DC wants to make something of that, bring 'em on. Until then, get the hell out of my face.
I feel like dirt. They even want to know what he's doing in Utah?
Unbelievable.
Look. You know that and I know that, but somebody's bucking for a promotion. I think it's that bozo, Hanrahan, I can't be sure. Anyway, unless I go back there with something, you and your son-in-law are next week's scapegoats.
Alan Stanwyk is not involved in improprieties. Where the hell does the S.E.C. come off --
First of all, let me just reiterate that this is not a formal investigation. I'm not going through formal channels here, because if Alan Stanwyk is not involved in any improprieties, then nobody has to know I was even --
Oh, thanks.
Sally Ann Cavanaugh. Oh wait, she couldn't work in your office, she's not from around here.
What?
You mean her.
Never heard of him. Thanks anyway.
Hmm. It's just that there are some other people from my office going on this trip and... is there anyone in the seat next to me?
We'd have no way of knowing that, sir.
So he's going. Uh... are there any other tickets charged to the same account?
Would you like me to change anything?
You're kidding.
Yes sir, you are confirmed on Flight 306 to Rio tomorrow evening at 11 PM. First Class.
Not luck. They don't want me.
You're lucky.
I busted their window, they didn't do anything.
What? What are you talking about?
They didn't do anything.
Hey you're really nuts.
What goddamn right do you have to take him?
Fletch!
You don't have to run with me, Crease.
Fletch, this is dumb.
Hey, what are you doing?
You're not taking real good care of yourself.
Nineteen.
Creasy, how old are you?
I ought to get some sleep.
I think that's highly unlikely, Creasy.
He never leaves the beach, Fat Sam. Never leaves. Sits in that chair, he's outta junk. Then he suddenly gets up, he's got junk. So where does it come from? Through the sand?
I wasn't asking.
I have no idea.
Wonder who his supplier is.
Sonofabitch.
I don't know how he doesn't know. He doesn't know.
He doesn't know? How come he doesn't know?
That's what he said.
Whaddyamean 'maybe'?
Maybe tonight?
Go ahead. Make my evening.
This one's going to be even more fun.
Thank God, the police.
Greetings, everyone.
Not at all, Chief. But next time... no tongue, okay?
Thanks for coming down to see us.
That a boy.
Not a prayer.
Speaking of which, you're not going to print anything before my investigation is through, are you?
Its been very nice meeting you. I enjoy your column.
I hate the beach. Wouldn't go there if you paid me. Besides, I'm way overdue on my story about off-track betting in the Himalayas. You don't think it's the mafia, do you?
What'll it be Fletch?
Can I call my Mom? I'd like to tell here how much I've always loved her.
Can I ask anybody now?
Ask anybody.
My God, you're serious.
After I shoot you, I stick the knife in my arm, then place it in your dead hand. Self-defense. We don't do this very much anymore... but we have. Got rid of a lot of minorities that way.
I'm no lawyer, but I do believe that's a violation of my rights.
Maybe I'm not going to keep you here.  Maybe I'm gonna blow your brains out.
You can't keep me here.
Hey, you and Tommy Lasorda. That's great.
You go back to that goddamn beach, I swear to God I'll make you regret it.
You idiot. Off the record, deep background: I've got that beach crawling with undercover cops.
'Your men' might just be involved in all this.
I'm about to break that beach wide open, and I don't need some pennyante Woodward and Bernstein getting in the way of my men.
Your editor called me yesterday to respond to allegations you're about to print about police involvement in narcotics dealing. Fletch starts to get up, but Cummings plants his foot on Fletch's chest, forces him back down.
We're looking at five years, maybe ten. Is that what you want... Jane Doe?
It was planted on me, sir.
For a gentleman who was just found holding a bag full of heroin...
Frankly sir, you look a little like my father. Probably explains the curious feeling of love I have for you.
Why are you doing this Mr. Fletch?
I'm President of the International Fletch Corporation.
I see. And what do you do for a living, Mr. Fletch?
Fletch F. Fletch
Full name.
Fletch.
You should have seen what she wanted to do with the place. Mauve.  So what's your name?
You decorate this yourself or did Mrs. Chief of Police help you?
Your 'foolproof' way is going to land my ass on the front page while you're basking in Rio.
Jerry, you're simply going to have to trust me. I've got a foolproof way to get rid of this guy and now you're jeopardizing everything.
What, 'long distance?' I couldn't help but hear you say something about Rio, Alan. You're not leaving with the eight hundred thousand dollars I staked you for the next load, are you?
I said I'll take care of it. Now, a man of your position shouldn't be a part of what's about to go down. So go home and I'll call you tomorrow.
Fat Sam left the beach today. So did Gummy. It began to occur to me that some things are beginning to happen that maybe I should be aware of.
Under control? You idiot. You didn't know who he was?
I've got it all under control, Jerry. You can go now.
Put the gun down, Alan. I'll take care of them.
What the hell are you doing here?
Thanks, Doc. Maybe I'll come back with a date. Or an elephant.
Tell the nurse when you've got a few free days. She'll make all the arrangements.
I hope they still fit. Do I get to keep the glove?
Yeah, we check you into Mt. Hebron for a few days, run lots of tests, charge a bundle. You can pull your pants up now.
I'm sure it's not for a lack of looking. Maybe I should get a real complete physical. You give Alan an annual, don't you?
I can't discuss another patient. You know that.  Well, I can't find anything wrong with you.
Gee, Alan's been looking kind of sick lately. Is he all right?
Just relax.
Whoa, look out there. You really need the whole fist?
There is?
Anyway, I'm surprised Alan got the policy so easily. I know there's a history of cancer in the family.
Breathe easy...
Did I say 'kidneys'? I meant my ear. Maybe I should see an ear dahhh --  Ever serve time?
Honest, I feel fine. You better be married.
Just relax....
Oh really, there's no need to -- we don't want to do that...
Bend over and drop your pants, Mr. Babar.
Yes, but the very end, when he actually died, that was extremely sudden.  You know, Alan and I were recently speaking of dying. Told me Boyd Aviation took out a lot of insurance on him. You must have to be in some kind of perfect health to get that kind of policy.
He was in intensive care for eight weeks.
Sure, but the end was so sudden.
Oh, he was dying for years.
It was. Really a shame. To go so suddenly.
I'll bet. Shame about Ed.
Is she ever. I've got some stories....
Funny old bird.
Margaret.
Well, which one?
Right.
Joan or Margaret Smith.
Mrs. Smith.
Your aunt?
Oh, I don't belong formally. I've gone with my aunt.
Still, it'd an odd name. I don't remember seeing it on the club registry.
No books. No elephants either. No really good elephant books.
No children?
I don't know. I don't have any.
Arnold Babar. Isn't there a children's book about an elephant named Babar?
But not right next to each other. I thought that's what you meant.
That's two.
One. B-a-b-a-r.
Two bs?
That's Babar.
Right, and how long have you had these pains, Mr. Barber?
Well, I haven't played in a while because of these kidney pains.
That's my club too. I haven't seen you there.
Yes.
Really. The California Racquet Club?
We play tennis at the club.
So where do you know Alan from?
Rio. Know how he gets it in the country? Some big shot airline executive flies it in on company jets. Very impressive operation, Fletch. Very impressive.
Gum thought Brazil.
You find the source?
What?
Gonna need it. That boy is dangerous. Fletch?
Wait five minutes, and go to my office. You'll get federal protection after that.
Noooo. Free snort. That's it.
You don't have a piece of the action?
Oh, I'll help, Fletch. I'm a slave to that sonofabitch. He busted me, third offense, gave me a choice: Work for him or do fifteen long. All I get out of this is free snort.
I'm gonna nail the chief. And you can help or --
You gonna nail the chief?
For me. I'm a reporter, Sam. I'm breaking the drug story and I got the chief red-handed. Gummy gave me a deposition.
Thought so. What for?
Affirmative.
The two surfer boys?
Affirmative.
What, the heat here?
I'm serious, Sam.
My pleasure.
You don't know me.
Jesus.
Sorry. I find a little humor really brightens things up around here, dont you?
Fletch...
I think Id rather have drugs.
No, not for sure. When it comes, it comes. You gonna want some shit?
For sure?
Like tonight.
Like when?
Okay. Some idea.
No idea at all?
No idea.
So what do you figure?
He'll be so relieved.
I guess not.
This was last month. So Alan Stanwyk does not have cancer.
That's it.
That's it?
Well, if he had one, it would certainly be in here.  Wait. Here it is. Yep. Surgical removal of two moles. Tissue was benign.
My associates did a biopsy on this man recently.  He's supposed to have a melanoma, or a carcinoma, some kind of noma. Hmmm. I can't seem to find any record of it.
Is there anything particular you're looking for?
Thank you.
Here you are, Doctor.
Yes, right away.
Oh, God, I think I'm about to hyperventilate. Have you got a paper bag, or something.
It's all right. It wasn't him but that spleen was a splitting image.
Oh my God!
Well, I didn't want to say anything, but I thought the dead man was my brother.
Doctor Holmes went to get you some smelling salts. He was quite surprised that you fainted.
Have you got a make-shift plywood pillory? Heh Heh, just kidding.
Can I get you something?
I'm fine.
You're in the Records Room.
Where am I?
Are you all right, Doctor?
Right. Fine.
Nothing. They're still there.
It's me doctor Rosenpenis. I just have to take another peek at Alan Stanwyk's file. What have they done with this place?
Till then.
Found it in a cab. That's a grand. Apply the difference to next month.
Cash. I'm impressed.
This is no joke. If some kind of payment isn't made, we're going to have to contact the paper and garnish your wages.
Damn... lost again. Sorry.
Wait a minute! Our problems might be solved.
That's history, Fletch. You owe us nine hundred and eighteen dollars.
Are you serious?
You may be right.
I think he was sleeping with Wendy, too.
I agree.
My lawyer was a bum.
You should have proved that in a court of law.
She was sleeping with everybody. The cable TV guy. You can't get lower than that...
I empathize with your plight, Fletch. However, you threw her out.
Hey, shut up, okay? I just hate this.
Until she remarries, Fletch.
It stinks. I thought woman were independent now.
I don't know what you're referring to. Wendy maintains her own residence.
She doesn't need the money, for crissakes. She's living with Monty. I know it.
You owe Wendy nine hundred and eighteen dollars.
I hate to conduct business on the lanai. Why don't we step inside.
I did not break nor enter. I simply chose an advisable location to await my client's delinquent husband.
What about breaking and entering?  Are you wearing anything under that?
Refusal to pay alimony is a jailable offense, Fletch.
Whoops.
I was already prepared to commit one murder. What makes you think I won't commit two?
How similar in build you and I are. Then I figured it. You bump me off, throw me in the car, and burn me up.
And what was that?
The thing that really tipped it off for me was something your wife said to me while we were in bed together.
Bravo, Mr. Fletcher.
Ahem.  'Sally Ann can confirm all this when the police pick her up at the Airport Marriott.'
I'd have been long gone.
He doesn't read my stuff well.  'Sally Ann and Alan were married four years ago and never divorced, making Stanwyk a bigamist even in Utah. Stanwyk is also traveling with three million dollars in cash, the result of Gail Stanwyk's conversion of Boyd Aviation stock. Mrs. Stanwyk believed the money was to be used to purchase property in Utah, but it wasn't; a fact that can be confirmed by realtor James Swarthout of Provo.'  That was stupid, Alan.
'...with his legal wife, the former Sally Ann Cavanaugh.'
Pretty hefty. Keep reading.
He is lifting Stanwyk's two attach cases.
Cut the crap and read it.
Wait a second --
Read this, please.
What?
Because I trust you, Alan. By the way, the name's Fletcher. I.M. Fletcher. I write a newspaper column under the name Jane Doe.
Why don't you check it out for yourself, Mr. Nugent?
Of course.
I like your outfit. You got the fifty grand and the plane ticket?
Good evening.
Mrs. Stanwyk, may I borrow this picture. I promise to send it back to you. It's routine, really. The actuarial people need to --
Lets see, it was before he moved to L.A... four years April.
Of course they are.
And they're still married... Alan and Sally Ann.
He sighs.
Course he has. That's his wife.
Then he has.
Boy, what the hell's the matter with you?
Has he?
Well, you can forget about that lady friend business, Alan's the most loyal husband a girl could have. He dotes on that bride of his.
Trust me, sir. It's a comprehensive policy.
What the hell does this have to do with insurance?
Forgive me now for seeming personal, but we understand that there is a lady friend he sees here in Provo.
Since he moved to L.A.
Isn't that nice. Since when?
That's right. Alan comes by every three weeks or so.
Ten days ago?
Oh, about ten days ago.
Okay.  Now, the last time you saw your son was when?
Check.
Velma. You and Velma are the parents of Alan Stanwyk, Beverly Hills, California, executive vice president of Boyd Aviation?
Velma.
Regulations, Mr. Stanwyk. And you and your wife, named....
Come on in.
California. San Berdoo. Utah's part of my route. Can I ask you a few questions?
Yes. Where you from, Harry?
I don't doubt it, Mr. Stanwyk. Actually, my company is the sub- insurer of the subsidiary carriers of a policy held by Alan Stanwyk, who I believe is your son.
Well, I'm fully covered.
Right.
Dropped two big ones. Real fighter. You're in the insurance line, Harry?
Sure did. Dropped the big one on them.
Isn't that nice. Good man. Showed the Japs a thing or two.
My parents were great fans of the former President.
Harry S. Truman?
I'm Harry S. Truman from Casewell Insurance Underwriters.
No problem.
I couldn't sit home and play the mournful widow anymore, and the police didn't need me, so I tried watching a Lakers game on TV, but the announcer talked to fast and I couldn't understand a lot of what was happening, so I figured if I came down here maybe you could explain the rules to me, and besides, I missed you.
What are you doing here?
Not mine, stupid. Yours.
Gee, I must have been shit-faced at your wedding, I don't --
God, I haven't seen you since the wedding.
Right.
John Ultramalensky, right?
You sure did.
I really creamed the sonofabitch, didn't I?
Away. I think it might take you a while to get your life back together. You don't need me around.  Don't go back in there.
Where are you going?
I'm calling the police. Then I'm leaving. You wait here for them.
Wait here for me, Gummy.
Yeah. Maybe.
That's Brazil.
Maybe, Fletch. Is that Brazil?
Rio de Janeiro, maybe?
I dunno. Somewhere in South America, I forget.
Where does the Chief get the drugs?
Twenty years.
Fletch, I never sold nothing.
Sure you did.
I didn't sell nothing! I didn't sell nothing! I just carried the drugs from the Chief to Sam.
He wrote me a nice deposition. He says he just received the drugs. You did the selling.
What's that?
Fat Sam is turning state's evidence.
Because I'm a newspaper reporter and I'm nailing Chief Cummings as the source for drugs on the beach. You're in big trouble, Gummy.
Why are they after you?
Cops are here. I can smell them. They're after me. Lie down, Gum.
What?
Don't call me Fletch. Don't look at me. Lie back down. We'll talk.
Fletch?
I'm the Sufi.
I know. I got bad luck or something.
They bust you every week.
They busted me last week.
I know.
Its okay. The cops did it.
Hi Gummy. Hows the eye?
Hi Sam. Hi Fletch.
Sure.
Will you kill me?
What do you say, Mr. Nugent? You'll be doing me and my family a great service.
You sure got the hard part.
That's right.
The gun, the money, the tickets, and the dying.
Yes. All you provide are the gloves, the passport, and the aim. I'll take care of everything else.
You sure those doors will be open?
I am not someone who leaves a great deal to chance, Mr. Nugent.
You've certainly thought this out, haven't you?
It'll be a first class-ticket. I'm sure you'll enjoy the ride. I would recommend staying down there at least a year, Mr. Nugent.
They serve dinner on the flight?
Rio. Flight 306. Departs at eleven PM.
Where am I going?
LAX. Go to the Pan Am desk. There will be a ticket waiting for you.
Take it where?
Fine. After you kill me, take the Jaguar. The keys will be in the glove compartment.
Sure, all drifters do.
Do you have a passport?
I don't think you'll have to worry about that.
Get me on the first shot, if you can.
What's the difference? The noise'll kill you first.
Precisely. Are you a good shot?
So it looks like a burglary attempt. You catch me. I get the gun, and shoot you.
Very good. My .357. Use it and no one can trace it to you. The room will be in some disarray.
A .357.
In this drawer....
I rent them. Monthly lease, with an option to buy.
I will be here in the room, waiting for you. The safe will be open and there will be fifty thousand dollars in it. You will be wearing rubber gloves. Do you own rubber gloves?
I have the same problem with my help.
Sometimes yes, sometimes no. The staff usually forgets.
Wouldn't they normally be locked?
I want it done Thursday evening, around eight PM. My wife will be off to the club for a committee meeting. It's the staff's night off.  These will be open.
I'm still here.
I've got fifty thousand dollars says you will.
Did it ever occur to you that I might not want to kill you?
Not with the scum you hang out with. I've watched. I've thought. Its a perfect scheme. I even have a perfect escape plan for you.
Maybe I'm just on vacation.
You're a drifter, a -- pardon the expression -- beach bum. No one would notice if you disappeared. I've watched you for a couple weeks.
So why pick me?
My company has taken out a very large insurance policy on me. And I have a wife. Suicide would nullify my insurance. Murder does not.
Why don't you try suicide?
I don't feel sick. Not yet. They tell me it'll start getting bad in about a month. After that... well, I'd rather not be around for it.
You don't look sick, Mr. Stanwyk.
I want you to murder me.
I'm all ears.
Here's my proposition, Mr. Nugent.
Come inside.
I don't work for you yet, assface. Don't talk to me like that.
Hopalong Cassidy. Killed himself here. Bow and arrow. Strange.
Who?
Then I found out Hopalong Cassidy had shot himself in the game room. That just blew it for me.
Charmed.
Alan Stanwyk.
Nugent. Ted Nugent.
It is nothing of a sexual nature I assure you.  One thousand, just to listen. I don't see how you could turn that down Mr...
Will this proposition entail my dressing up as Tina Turner?
I'll give you a thousand dollars cash just to come to my house and listen to the proposition. If you reject the proposition, you keep the thousand, and your mouth shut.
I think you've got the wrong gal, fella.
I want you to come to my house. Then we'll talk.
Are you on a scavenger hunt of some kind?
Because we can't.
Why not?
We can't talk about it here.
Check every hotel in L.A. Start with the ones near the airport. Yeah. He's about to leave the country with her. Thanks, Lar.
I just thought... sure.  Sally Ann Cavanaugh.
You kidding? I got an unbelievable story here, Lar. Un-believable. Jesus. It's the cops, I know it. The Chief! And they're all over Frank.
I overheard it. He thinks you're completely out of control, he said he was gonna can you as soon as he got the story. If I were you, I'd just chuck it, Fletch. Screw him. Let him eat three full pages on Sunday.
Nothing to it.
My hero.
That's one thing I did find. It's from last month, so it was in the unsorted pile.
Yeah.
Did you say cops?
That's okay, Lar. I gotta put this on the back burner for a while.
Nothing on Gail Stanwyk, nothing on Jim Swarthout. But I did ---
Only one way to find out.
I wonder if that's his doctor.
'...Stanwyk, blahblahblah, with internist Doctor Joseph Dolen.'
Maybe.
You doing a story on this guy?
Thanks.
Spot right here.
Not our kind of people, you understand.
'Stanwyk's parents, Marvin and Velma Stanwyk, also of Provo, were unable to attend the wedding.'
Married Boyd Aviation. He's no dummy, that's serious coin.
'Mr. Stanwyk, of Provo, Utah, is a former commercial pilot.'
No problem, boss.
W-Y-K no 'c.' I'll be down in a minute.
Me neither. See what we've got on a guy named Alan Stanwyk, okay? I need it right away.
Not me.
Did you hear something?
Don't say shoot, okay.
Shoot.
Kareem's in the wash. I need a favor.
'Magic' today, huh?
Deal.
Only if you promise not to return me.
Can I steal you for a minute?
Yo!
How about Marvin's sixty-fifth birthday party?
No, thank you.
Oh, that's all right, I've got lots more. Want to see the reception?
How long have they been married?
She's cute as a button.
Oh, we've got lots of pictures. Let me show you some.
Do you happen to have a picture of Alan and his wife?
Cute thing.
Of course, his wife's name is Sally Ann Cavanaugh?
You've met her?
His bride. Cute as a button.
I'm sorry?
Cute young thing, too.
Don't ever call me 'Irwin,' okay?
I thought you had this all figured out. Good going 'Irwin.'
I want to hear this.
You shouldn't be here.
Don't worry, I can take it.
Come here.
I'm terrified.
They're trying to kill me!
Don't tell me I can't --
You can't do that.
I'm calling the police. Right now.
I don't have all the pieces yet, but I'm close. I'll know tomorrow.
Bastard.
And they're leaving the country tomorrow night.
I'm telling you he's not your husband at all.
Are you telling me my husband is a bigamist???
I checked. There was no divorce.
What is this....
Gail, please.
Oh God, I hate things that start like that....
I think you better sit down.
I've never lied to him before.  It's the first time he's ever lied to me. He was just as convincing as when he says 'I love you.'
But first I called the Hall of Records in Provo. They checked on the deed. You're telling the truth. A minute later Alan came in the room and asked me why I was shaking.
No.
I decided I was going to tell my husband about you today.
What's wrong, Gail?
If you need me, call the paper. Hand me that extra bottle okay?
I was afraid you'd say that.
Act natural.
Wait a second. What am I supposed to do for twenty-four hours?
I'm talking about how much I'd like to take you to a Laker game.
What are you talking about?
I'll take you to a game.
No... I've got to go to Mr. Underhill...
Just give me twenty-four hours. Please. Someone almost killed me today. People are not being nice lately, and I don't want you getting hurt. I think you're terrific. Are you a Laker fan?
Trust you? I may seem a little goofy at times, but I'm not a complete Bozo, you know.
No. You can't. Look, I know you don't know me from Adam, but you've got to trust me.
I don't know. All I know is that he told me a lot of things and so far not one of them has been true.
Stop it.  Are you saying my husband is defrauding me?
Here's this dog that tried to eat me. Here's my motel. Here's the car I rented...
You saw a forgery.
But I've seen the deed.
Wrong. He sold you $3,000 worth of scrub brush.
Swarthout. Yes. He's the man who sold us the ranch in --
Have you ever heard the name Jim Swarthout?
What does all this mean?
He's a bad guy, Mrs. Stanwyk. Gail. I think he's involved in something very big and very bad.
How do you know about that?
He told me he was dying of cancer. Not True. That ranch you thought you were paying for in Utah? Not true.
That's what I want to know.
What are you talking about?
So, your husband hired me to kill him. That's the truth.
So?
Irwin Fletcher. I write a newspaper column under the name Jane Doe.
Who.
Yeah. My name's not John Ultramalensky and I wasn't at your wedding.
I'll cover it. You have any other surprises?
Yeah.
A four hundred dollar lunch tab!
Why did you do it?
Gail. I hope this won't embarrass you in any way. I think Underhill's a yutz, you won't have any trouble with him.
I think you should call me Gail, now.
I'll be leaving now, Mrs. Stanwyk.
Long story.
What is this?
Thanks for the great time.
How come?
He never sees them and I never met them.
What about his parents?
Oh, listen to me. I've never even been there and look what I say about it. Anyway, I know there'd be nothing for me to do. I don't even know anybody there.
Good point.
Utah is not exactly a cure for boredom.
Thanks, I feel much better. Listen, if you're so bored, why didn't you go to Utah with Alan?
Because I'm bored. Oh, that sounds terrible, doesn't it. I'm sorry. If it makes you feel any better, I also let you in because I'm hungry.
Why'd you let me in?
No.  I mean, 'no you can't ask me that.' I mean, ask me something else.
Are you still in love with Alan?
Depends on the question.
Can I ask you a question?
Just like Alan. It's freaky.
'But we're alone now, and I'm singing this song for you.'
Your bone structure, shoulders, neck...
'I've acted out my life on stages, with ten thousand people watching...'
It's amazing.
'I've been so many places in my life and times. I've sung a lot of songs, I've made some bad rhymes...'
No. He was. I got him out.
You were in the war?
I saved his life during the war.
All this goes on Underhill's bill?
God...
Lunch...
Yes.
Have you gotten cuter since I last saw you?
Here, take mine.
I mean put clothes on.
No, I think you should stay the same wonderful person you are today.
I really should change.
Down boy.
Well, I knew this is where my mouth would be.
You ordered it here?
I ordered lunch.
I'm sorry, I'm just surprised to see you. I didn't think... What do you want?
Can I borrow your towel for a minute?
Uh... I'm just out of the shower.
I was hoping you'd say that.
Hi.
Hi.
John Ultramalensky?
It's John. John...  Znhcneelsky.
Who is it?
None of your business, now go away. You're throwing my game off.
What's he doing in Utah?
See what I mean?
You are a rich woman.
If I had a nickel for every one of Alan's flyboy buddies who tried to pick me up, I'd be a rich woman.
I'm such a heel. How'd you guess?
Okay. I'm delighted to have someone to talk to, and you're very cute, so I'm very flattered, but I'm also very married so you may as well forget -- You are trying to hit on me, aren't you?
I can't figure out why I went to Utah for the morning.
Alan's in Utah.
Say, the reason I asked about Alan is that I bumped into him this morning and you know what I can't figure out?
I bet you do.
I have this effect on lots of women.
Stay!  I must be having an off day. I'm really a fabulous player.
I love the outfits.
Why do you keep doing this?
Oh, personal stuff. Look! I hit one!
Preoccupied with what?
What are you asking me for? He's so busy lately I hardly see him. And he's been so preoccupied.
You should play with much larger tennis balls. So how's Alan?
Damn, I thought I had that one.
Please.
Mind if I keep practicing? I need to work on my ground stroke a little.
So were my parents.
That's a strange combination.
It's Scotch-Rumanian.
Oh, I'm sorry. It's a beautiful name, really.
John Ultrarelamensky.
John who?
John! You used to fly together!
We used to fly together. I'm... John.
Oh, mine! Thank God.  Actually, that doesn't make it any better, does it? Are you a friend of Alan's?
Huh? No, not my wedding. Yours.
I do? Oh, isn't that sweet, thank you. I have to confess something to you. I must have been pretty plowed at your wedding. I really don't have the faintest idea who you are.
I haven't seen you since the wedding, Jeez, you look great.
Far out.  Larry? It's Fletch.  Well, it's not 'Fat Sam's', but... any port in a storm.  Oh, tell Frank I need a couple of months. The fifty grand's lasting longer than I thought.
Your call is come through.
Sierra del fuego.
Muchas gracias.
No thanks, I'll do it. Give yourself twenty dollars. Underhill.
You want I set up?
Very good, sir.
Fine. And a couple of bottles of Dom Perignon. To cabana one.
I recommend it.
I'd better only get two. How about the lobster thermidor?
Yes, sir. Beluga. But it is eighty dollars the portion.
Right. Tell you what -- have you caviar?
Charged to the Underhills, sir?
I would, actually.
Would you be caring for something to eat or drink, sir?
One.
Cabana one.
Oh, that's right. She told me to meet her there. That's cabana six?
In her cabana, sir.
Hi, where's Mrs. Stanwyk?
Very good sir.
Great. I'll have a Bloody Mary and a steak sandwich.
Would you care for a drink while you're waiting? I can put it on the Underhill bill.
They'll be back. He had to go in for a urinalysis.
They just left, sir.
Yes, I'm with the Underhills.
Excuse me sir. Are you a guest of the club?
Go ahead. Call them. Better tie your shoelaces first.
Tell the cops.
I'm her cousin.
I'm calling the cops. This is for the cops.
Mattress police. There are no tags on the mattress. I'm going to have to take you downtown. Please give me your weapon.
What did you want under the bed?
This morning? Christ. We had so much to talk about. Moe Green is out of the Tropicana, and my sons, Michael and Fredo, are taking over.
This morning.
So you're saying she moved out.
She moved out.
I spoke to her last week. She didn't say anything.
She moved out?
Moved out.
Where is she?
Don Corleone. I'm a cousin of Mrs. Cavanaugh's.
Who are you?
I was supposed to meet Mrs. Cavanaugh.
I commend him on his choice
What?
I commend him on his choice.
I work for the landlord. He told me to watch out for the place.
No wonder.
Lock's busted.
The door was unlocked.
What?
Excuse me. I have something I'd like to discuss with you.
Fletch.
I'm sick of this place. I'm going to try out for the Lakers. They need a power forward.
I was upset.
Not really?
Not really.
You were going to can me, right?
Fletch, you want an apology?
Forget it.
Fletch, I got nervous. Please....
I'm out, Frank. You lost faith in me.
Their statements, naming Chief Cummings as the numero uno drug pusher from here to Oxnard. I want them to have federal protection under the paper's sponsorship.
What...
This is Fat Sam, and this is Gummy. 
What?  Who the hell are they?
I'm quitting, Frank. As of midnight tonight.
Print this Frank.
I want something I can print!
Thanks for the vote of confidence, Frank.
But not unsubstantiated charges about dope-dealing cops, and not horse shit paranoid fantasies about homicidal police chiefs.
You'll have it.
You know, I've had it up to here with your bullshit. I need a story from you by tomorrow.
He threw me in a cell, took a gun and a knife and threatened to kill me right there if I didn't promise to give up the story.
Get out of here.
It's also called getting me this close to being murdered.
It's called journalism, Fletch. It's called getting both sides of the story. Something you apparently don't know anything about.
How could you call him?
Go to transportation, get a ticket.
Very possibly. Come on, say yes. I'll buy you a shirt.
Who? Donnie and Marie?
I have some ideas.
What about finding the source?
Yeah. It's wedged in between Wyoming and Nevada. I'm sure you've seen pictures.
Utah?
More cops.  I think I gotta go to Utah, Frank.
All right. Maybe there are some crooked cops involved in all this.
Just give me a hint, all right?
I really don't want to spoil your surprise, Frank. Why don't you read it tomorrow?
You're onto something. That's good. What?
Cool your tool, Frank, I need a little more time. I think I'm really on to something here.
Gummy and two cops...
Frank, you animal, I love it. I'll have the story by Thursday night, I swear to God.  I hope.
I'm going to bite out your eyeballs, you know that?
I'd say charcoal.
How gray?
Well, there we're in a gray area.
Who?
He's not the story! There's a source behind him.
So let's go! We run the pictures.
I have pictures of him. Dealing...
What's 'practically'? Is it Fat Sam? You said you had pictures of him....
Practically.
You broke it? You know the source?
Just kidding, Frank. You'll have the story and you'll be damn proud of it.
Why not? Oh shit... really?
Now, Irwin, try to follow me. You can't run the ad and then not run the story.
Looks great.
I don't know.  Look!
What's the spread on the game tonight?
...never reads the paper...
I never read the paper.
No it's not okay. You have to have this in by tomorrow. Did you see the ad we ran Sunday?
I will, Frank, I will. Something came up, okay?
Irwin, professional journalism time, now. Go back to the goddamn beach and finish the goddamn story!
Oh, I hate it when he calls me that.
Irwin...
Two...
And a damn fine one, I might add.
'Uh, almost' is not an answer. 'Yes Frank, it's all done': that's an answer.
Uh, almost.
No, I want an answer, Is the story done?
Frank, you look a little peaked. Wanna vomit?
Fletch.
My secretary.
Who's Frieda?
Frieda's boss.
And, I'm sorry, who are you again?
Yeah.
Jim Swarthout?
Oh, Margie, sorry, Frieda lost the number of Alan's realtor in Provo. Can you give it to me real quick?
In a minute!
Mrs. Stanwyk!
Of course.
I just stepped out of the shower! Can you give me a minute?
I'd appreciate an opportunity to discuss this with you.
You don't know the Underhills?
John!
Apparently, someone of your acquaintance has charged the most extraordinary lunch to my bill.
Mrs. Stanwyk, I hate to disturb you. Tom Underhill here... I'm a new member.
Yes?
I ain't -- got -- you.
I said, I ain't got you...
I said, I ain't got you...
No, I ain't got you...
No, I ain't got you...
But I ain't got you...
But I ain't got you...
Thanks, I needed that.
Art Mo-o-o-ney!
What did these Vancouver factories do?
That was close...
Hold that thought.  Are we being shot at?
We invested in these factories. In Vancouver.
What cheap shit... hey, waiter!
But I am...
Damnit... you were right last night. Jonathan and I were into more than sex.  Along with Bobby Vomit, right after old Jack Grendel died, we took part in a scheme to rip off Grendel records... I didn't want you involved...
Drink your cappucino, you're giving me a headache...
Lots of things.  Her favorite yogurt.  The ten drummers she would take to a desert island...
Did she tell you anything?
Have what?
Zuzu Petals!  Did she have it?
I'll buy you a new one.  I found her.
I ask you to find a girl and instead you steal a C.D. from me. Ford.  You suck.
Thanks for the information. Appreciate it.
Jonathan was such a beautiful man. No one knew him like I did... Excuse me.  I can't do this now. I'll call you tomorrow.
Question one:  Can I have some money?  Kidding.  Why didn't you tell me about you and Johnny?  You two were into something even more dangerous than sex, weren't you? Who?  What?  Where?  How?  Now.
I'll do my best.
They did one of these about my ex- wife.  It's called 'The Nutcracker.'  'The Nut-crack-er'... I don't need money.  I need some questions answered.
Nonsense.  After what you've been through, it sounds like I owe you.
Listen, Queen Collie, I have a code. I never, ever, drop a case.  Besides, I, uh, used all your money to pay my bills, so I kinda owe you.
So you...
Ouch... Of course I want off the case.  Some monster from Woodstock tried and succeeded in killing me tonight.  The fact I'm alive's a technicality.
I'm sorry, that's gotta be a pair of tube socks he has down there.
So you know about Johnny Crunch and myself.
Uh, let's go sit down.
Colleen and Johnny, sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g...
My God, Mr. Fairlane, you look like the Fall of Saigon.
Nuthin'.
Who?
Ah, the Dorothy Chandler.  I was just there with my good friend Art Mooney the other night...
I have no answers.  Thanks for the stain.  Find the girl.  In the envelope are tickets to the Dorothy Chandler.  We'll chat again, then.
Oh... I have some questions.
Actually, you may take it all now.
Yeah, but of course for now, I only get a twenty.
Five thousand should be enough to assuage any qualms you have about my family tree.
Let's see, you're her worried sister.  Yesterday I met her worried father who incidentally was about five years younger than you. In fact, I capped off the evening by watching him get electrocuted. They talk about cases like this in the private eye handbook... something about a ten-foot pole.
Excuse me?
No thanks.  I carry my own.
But how did you know?  Here, take this picture...
Zuzu Petals.  You want me to rescue her from the gorgeous hell that is L.A.
I need you to find my little sister. She goes by the name Zuzu...
Now that we've broken the ice...
I don't have a sense of humor, either.  Sorry.
Poor taste.  I know.  Listen, I respect homosexuals.  When I was young, my maid was a homosexual.  My maid was a homosexual.
Fag?  Ass?  I'm sorry, is that a joke?
Some fag.  Charged me up the ass.
Who's your decorator?
Oh, that!  Don't take it personally. He always wakes up before I do. Down boy!  Roseanne Barr naked!
I don't know, I never met your father.
Mr. Fairlane, I'm very rich.  The kind of rich that warps minds. Nothing offends me.  When I was eleven, I walked in on my father and the Shetland pony he had given me for my tenth birthday. Does that excite you?
Sorry about the glass.  And the house.  And the breath.
Please.
Don't say it.  Orange juice?
Ford Fairlane, I'm Colleen Sutton and I need your help.  I have a problem and it pertains to the music industry.  What is it they call you?  Mr. Rock and...
No prob...
Thanks for the promotion, man.
Could somebody tell me what's going on?  <u>Like slo-owly</u>...
Hey, Don, how's the high blood pressure.
Right away!
Have a copy of that sent to me, will ya?
I never thought I'd be jealous of your handicap... Sorry to hear about Bobby Vomit.
Julian's happy as long as he doesn't see glass shatter.
Tell me about it. Name's Kyle Troy.  Can't we bring up the bass.
I've heard cars fuck with more harmony.
Great pipes.
I haven't seen her around, and as for who would want to kill Johnny Crunch, line forms to the left. You'd find less people on our planet who wanted him alive.
I guess I'm not interested in any club who'll have my member as a member.  Later, Don...
You gotta shave before you leave the house in a dress like that and I don't mean your legs.  Why didn't you jump on her?  What's happening to you?
Man, ever since old Jack Grendel died, Julian has got me into one yummy gig after the other.  Not only am I producing, he's got me in some lovely-bullshit-money-money executive position.  What are you looking at...
I'm not cynical.  Can I help it that life is a disease and everyone's a victim. So you're producing exclusively for Grendel Records now.  Hope you're taking Julian for a bundle.
Damn, Ford, you're the most cynical man in the industry and that's not easy.
So many assholes, so few bullets.
Wha --
Let's get hitched.  I guess I, you know, love you.  It's a beautiful thing.
I just can't deal with all this crap between us, I'm sorry.  I'm quitting.
I can't believe I lost an eye for a bunch of phony C.D.s
After their initial investment in the factory, Grendel didn't need them.  Told them to fuck off. They tried to get these C.D.s together in order to have proof of Grendel's involvement, so they could keep him in line.  Now's the fun part...
But the funny thing is, take a look at these Swiss bank account numbers. We got Bobby, Johnny, Colleen... and Julian Grendel.
Without Grendel knowing about it. B-I-N-G-O and Bingo was his name-O. Counterfeit C.D.s.  Tape piracy has graduated to disc piracy, the sound quality's better, and so's the money.
C.D.s.  The music kind.  From the Grendel label.
Yeah, Colleen mentioned it.  What do they make?
Seems to be information about a factory in Vancouver.
What an interface!
Johnny's C.D.?
Your timing swallows the massive one. Grendel just tried to kill us, he's about to frame and kiss Don, and we can't do shit.  Don't even ask about those discs. Goddamn that Art Mooney with a star by his name!  It's tied to Johnny's C.D., I know.
Su-ure.  Two people hired me to find Zuzu in order to get hold of one of those discs and Colleen threw a tizz when we took hers.  Obviously, all this binary disc shit is pretty mighty.  But it's not necessary.  People are dead.  One was a friend.  The same people were involved in a scam to rip off Grendel Records. Bottom line's Julian Grendel is doing a little revenge number...
Hmmm, the first disc was putting out an incomprehensible stream of high bits.  This one is putting out low bits.  The data is in some fucked binary system.  The two discs need to interface simultaneously with a third decryptor disc.  Comprendo?
You're not funny.
Aha, just what I suspected!
I've always said the one reason I'm the best detective in the industry is that I'm the only one... but hey, I never throw away a clue...
I believe the last time we came across one of these, was at the ballet.  What were your words...  'A fucking C.D.  This case is closed.'
Oh, Jazz, those bastards... call an ambulance!  Get that music off!
I came to warn you...
What are you doing at the office? You wouldn't believe what I've gone through tonight... I'm calling from the Mega Beta Pogo Sorority.
Hello, Ford...
Let's get her out of here, before she starts a shoot-out.  Drop us at my place.
Ah, an obvious choice.
Who?
Lieutenant Anus has discovered the cold-blooded killer behind everything.
You okay?
Hello...  It's Colleen.  With answers.  She wants to meet.  Down.  Way down-town.  Late.
Yeah, let's bury her.
She's just a bundle of energy, a real treasure...
Then I guess her case is closed. Mine isn't.  I want to know why everybody wants Zuzu.  Why people are killing and dying for her.
Ms. Sutton hired you to find the girl.  Period.
I don't know, what was the case?
I like.
Contacts.
What did you... Hey, where's your spex?
Celebrate?  Like we celebrated after solving the White Bluesman murders?  Forget it, man.
I'm sorry, that dress.  What do you say we...
Make eye contact when you say that.
I wish I knew.  You did good work...
No, as a matter of fact you didn't. What about the girl, Zuzu Petals, how does she fit in?  I mean, she is what this case is about.
A fucking C.D.  Wow, this case is closed.  So, she's got bad taste in music and in men... Did I tell you she and Johnny were lovers and that they were into something and he got killed for it?
You don't want to know, believe me. But don't worry, I washed my hands...
How'd you get this from her?
Shut up, goodies from the ice queen.
Why did you interrupt?  Maxwell seemed like he wanted to hire me.
Mmmmmmm.  Mmmm, mmm.
And it's good to see you, Julian. This is my assistant, Jazz.
Go on, 'they're stahting.'
You going to be okay?
This Colleen Sutton woman I'm with. If she flees me to go powder her whatever, I need you to keep tabs...
You're a fucking gentleman.  What do you want from me?
Sorry, Jazz.  After this, I'll throw a burger down your throat, okay?
Cool.  Jazz, meet me at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion tonight. I'll have a ticket for you at the door.  Some concert.  Could be interesting.  Dress nice.
Spooky.  I'll process her.
Tonight after I see Don. Some Beverly Hillbilly just hired me to find you-know-fucking-who. Name's Colleen Sutton.
I found a lot of Art Mooneys. None with a police record, though. Not even Synchronicity.  Have you checked out Johnny Pinzolo/Crunch's houseboat yet?
Quiet.  Tell me you tapped in the police computer and found out lots of good stuff about Art Mooney...
Keep it.  It's your paycheck this month.
So what about this watch?
Ah -- ha... You know, you should think about dating Earthmen again.
That's for me... Radio contests, really Ford, how tacky...
I love you, too, baby.  He wants to meet at six.  What time is it now?
You're friends with the most obnoxious asshole on the airwaves. The King of the Shock Jocks.  I'm, I'm shocked.
Quit crying.  I think we've got a case if we can make it through the cavalcade of bimbos, here...
Car insurance costs money. Cavities cost money.  Doritos cost money.  I'm gonna eat that damn bear... come here!
You're saying you need money.
Rock stars!  I'm going out of my mind.  All I get are perks.  I don't make money, I make gifts. How am I supposed to pay taxes with bathtub compact disc players and autographed drumsticks.  I want cash.  Moulah.  Wampum.  Dead Presidents.  Andrew Jackson. Gerald Ford.
Let's just declare war on the hellhole.  Before they make <u>Crocodile Dundee</u> three.
Fucking Australians!  I hate that country, continent, what is it? Don't we do nuclear testing there?
G'day, they say it's worth three grand...
'Bye Ford...'  Hey, let me cheer you up.  I found the IN X S payment.
I do it for love.
Cash or check, Jazz?  Don't do this to me.
You wish.
Exactly.
All your friends call you Jazz.
Assistant.  And don't call me Jazz.
Your tip paid off.  Jazz, this is Sam the Sleazebag.  Sam the Sleazebag, this is Jazz, my secretary.
Oh.  Three hundred coming right up.
Hey, they blew me.
You gave it to the girls for one.
Three hundred.
How much?
Thanks.  You interested.  It's festival seating, so...
Scalping to a funeral, you're a pretty sleazy guy.
Got those Vomit invites here...
Yeah, Ford.  I'm okay.
So, Zuzu.  Are you okay?
Just be thankful he wasn't dissatisfied with his sex life.
Hoh graphic!  I'm going to dream of ears for a year!  Ugh!
I'll mail you a letter, come on!
You-see-it-all-starts-with-this- factory-in-Vancouver-and there's these-C.D.s...
ArtArtArtArtMooneyMooneyMooney Mooney.
Oh how sweet, your friend's got his own star.
There's that question...
Are you okay?
You wish.  Come on, let's get outta here.
Hello, Mr. Tongue!  What a perv.
This is fucking unbelievable.  Zuzu, it's a long story, you see...
Who do you think you are, Ford? The tooth fairy.  Kill!  Kill!  Kill!
I can't kill this kid's father...
Let go of the belt!  What are you doing?  You got mad at me for trying to save the other guy.
Hey.  God.  You're an asshole.
I won't ask why you would want to help someone trying to kill you, but hey, good job.  Shall we?
Ick.
Why have you come to my planet?
Smooth.  I know this is dangerous and everything but it's kind of fun. Ever see "Batman," you know when Batman and Robin are climbing up the side of the building and somebody sticks their head outside the window and says... I forget what they said but it's pretty funny.
Pretty smooth, huh?
Ye-ah.
Reality-reality-reality -- Outrageous building, huh?
As Clark Gable said to Ava Gardner in Mogambo:  'Fuck the purse, we're gonna die-e-e.'
Suck a dick, I left my purse...
No, wait...
This way...
Sorry, it was dark, now come on.
Nice left you got there, jerk.
But you know, that was just a dream.  Doesn't really count.
I'm afraid so, you want her?
Ye-ah.
Ford, you were right!
Zuzu, be quiet.  Put in Colleen's disc.  Number two.
This is boring, guys.
Ye-ah.  Sure.
I know the feeling.  This must be hell.  Can you believe, a flucking sorority... I'm gonna vomit Day-Glo.
Ford, do you got something cooking in the microwave?
My axe!
Okay?  I just blew up.  I feel orgasmic.
Are you okay?
Hah fluck, great video, huh?
Zuzu, wake up...
Who cares about people?
People still watch that?
Let's watch some 'M.T.V.'
What a perv...
Stop.  We still got serious detective stuff to do, but we've been up all night so we should hit the sack for...
Why are you depressed?  You get in all the clubs, you never pay cover...
You didn't ask.  Have you ever thought about mousse?
Friends?  You didn't tell me that.
Yeah, it's weird.  Bobby and Johnny were such good friends...
He's the lamest clue I've ever had in my life.  Here's our stop...
No.  Who's Art Mooney?
Zuzu Petals, you're not bad.  In fact, I was discussing this whole rock-n-roll thing with my pal Art Mooney the other day.  You know him?
Come again?  B.FL.D., I have sex with rock stars; it's not like I'm doing something that I don't enjoy with them, like shuffleboard. Don't worry about me, I practice safe sex and next summer, I'm going to U.C.L.A.
You know rock-n-roll?  Darlin', I've been in the music industry for as long as you've lived.  I've seen things you can't even have nightmares about... but then I guess I'm just not equipped to know the industry the way you do...
Because I know rock-n-roll.
How is it you can look at that HairHead and see God, when all I see is a lucky asshole from Reseda.
Spunk, come back...
It's Spunk Lewis, the lead singer for Dead Ribbit!  Mr. Bus Driver, stop!
What?  Jesus, tell me!
I dunno.  He was to sound what Cezanne was to image or at least I thought so.  Ever since he died, I've been chased... <u>Omigod</u>!
You hung out with Bobby Vomit. Who would want him dead?
I'm so sure!  I'm an only child and my parents are Bill and Shirley Petals of South Bend, Indiana. They run a hardware store and...
Uh... wha?  You're supposed to answer those questions, not ask 'em.  I take it a woman named Colleen Sutton is not your big sister and that the late D.J. Johnny Crunch ain't your daddy?
Why are all these people after me?
Let's get serious...
Peachy.
You okay?
Give me your gum and grab the wheel.
Hello?
What?
It's red, Ford.
Fluck you!
A simple 'please' would suffice...
I don't know.  I'm so scared. Help me.
Zuzu Petals!  Zuzu Petals!  Yes! Who killed Bobby Vomit?  Who killed Johnny Crunch?  Why do people want you so goddamn bad?
Shut the heck up... Pop.
I need someone to help me with my case load, you interested?  This whole father/son thing, if you're not into it, I mean, it's okay. You know what I'm saying?
He, he, lives in South America... he's doing that anthropologist- archeologist-dentist kind of thing ... he's real busy.
Who's my real father, man?
Hey, I love you, too, you little jerk.  Jesus, guy tries to make a commitment and he's gotta eat shit.
What kind of sentimental bullshit is this?
It's me.
Good news is that yeah, I found him.  The bad news is...
Yeah, go on...
Well, I got some good news and some bad news.
So, did you find my dad?
Liar!  You don't care!  About anything.
Yeah, uh, I got some pretty good leads...
Where's my father?  Have you even looked?
And hey, I appreciate it...
I tried to help you...!
Jesus, how could you be so stupid?  Come on, we're going to a hospital.
Fuck that, I mean, the heck with that.  I kicked their ass!  Well, I tried.  There were two of them you know...
Run to the nearest phone and call the police.
These two guys in long cowboy coats and real nice suits.  I think Armani.  They were going through your stuff with screwdrivers and shit... I did what you would have done.
Shut up, you dummy.  Who did this to you?
I'm sorry...
I don't need it that bad.
You need it.
Holy Colonel Mustard.  Gosh, you didn't mention the big clue... Kid, I can't take your money.
I've got a clue.  Look at my ring. Before my old lady ran off to Baja, she told me my dad had this same ring.
Did he just say what I think he said?
This ain't no social call.  One hundred bucks.  To find my father.
Twelve pack?
Who cares?  I got a case.
Hey, you, get off my cloud.  I'm talking to my friend.  1962 Fender Stratocaster with original humbucking pick-ups, maple neck, strung upside down for a left- handed motherfucking genius... Jimi Hendrix.
Ouch.
Forget it.
Well what is it?  I'm not Kreskin.
I got something serious to dis-cuss.
Why am I what?  Excuse me?  I catch you saying the F-word again.  I'll kill you.  That's a fucking promise.  Now get the fuck out of here.
When you going to let me work with you?  Why you always fucking with me?
I'll give you a gut feeling, you little... Hey... <u>hey</u>!  Get that stick out of your mouth.  These things are killers, man.  Don't you go to school, listen to Smokey the Bear and all that...
Gut feeling.
Tell me, Dr. Watson, what makes you think he's not just another piece of shit overdose.
Fairlane, you gonna find out who killed the lead singer of Black Vomit?
That's the difference between a great investigator like me and a piece of Spam like you.  You look at this picture and all you see is beauty.  I see the beast.
Once I got an anonymous letter saying that the world would be destroyed by a giant purple raindrop. I didn't even buy a fucking umbrella... You were in too many discos during the seventies.  The Village People rotted your brain.
It's some psycho killer groupie. I got an anonymous letter that says she killed Bobby Vomit, Johnny Crunch, and now, this society dame.
Really?
God, I wish I could prove you killed everybody.  Unfortunately, I know who the real killer is.
That's okay.  I'm quitting the music detective business to become a cop killer.  Pay's the same, but it'll be much more fun.
Have a problem, call Ford Fairlane.  He won't solve your case, but who cares, you'll be dead in a couple days anyway. Let's face it.  After today, the California Raisins aren't gonna hire you.
You were the lead sing -- Lieutenant, I didn't think anyone could cheer me up tonight... Thanks.  Really.
'It's booty time, it's booty time, across the U.S.A.  It's booty time...'
I was about to say he looked like shit, but hey, sure, he looked like you.
Like me.
Yeah, and that lead singer, Jesus, that white Van McCoy wanna-be with the six-inch platform shoes. He looked...
'Booty Time.'
Disco Ex -- man, that group sucked like a squid, they had some shitty single they wanted me to plug, back in my publicist days...
Two words.  Disco Express.
Why do you hate me?  It's gotta be more than Me Private You, You Cop.
If you're hiding something... oh, oh, I'll have so much fun.
Why shucks, Lt. Anus, you told me to get the fuck out of here...
What are you running from?
Get the fuck out of here, honey... What do we got?
You gotta admit those are all pretty great reasons...
You think you're so hot just because you can get into any club. You think you're so hot, just because you have sex with great- looking women.  You think you're so hot just because you broke the Ensenada tape piracy ring...
Nice tie, Lt. Anus, sir.
Anyway you want it, asshole.
Let me go out like a man.
The point?
You gotta be kidding!  This is unfuckingbelievable!  I have to start the evening crawling down Capital Records, I shoulda chose suicide then, but oh no, the night was young!  Next up, my guitar! The second most important thing I own and now it's toothpicks for the homeless on Hollywood Boulevard!  Then, then, after I burned up your brother, Jazz... I should say as a fucking footnote I've usually treated women like shit -- used corsages, the wet spot, you know giving out Domino's Pizza's phone number and saying it's mine... Tonight was different. I felt respect.  I felt love.  Then Jazz left me... and <u>now</u> I get to die!
How's it going?
Okay.  'B-y-e!
<u>I'm.  The.  Biggest.  Sissy.  In</u>. <u>The.  Wide.  World</u>.
I want you to say that you're the biggest sissy in the whole wide world.
Say cheese...
Oh, but I am.  Dianetics, Ford.  You should try it.
You were saying, snapperhead?  I'll bet you're not smiling now!
<u>I.  Am.  The.  Biggest.  Sissy.</u> <u>In.  The.  Whole.  Fucking.  World</u>.
Oh.  One more thing.  This is personal.  I want you to tell me you're a big sissy.
The case!
Off what?  Twenty seconds...
I'm off it!
What's fine?
Fine!
Case closed, okay?  Thirty seconds.
I guess you never saw 'A Very Brady Christmas.'
Feel my thumb?  I keep it there forty seconds more and a welt develops cutting off the oxygen to your brain.  I leave.  Twenty- one minutes later, you're dead. The slowest, most painful minutes a person can experience.
Whatever you're getting paid, I can give you twenty, maybe thirty bucks more.
Polo.
Julian, you're fired.
I'm still the king!
Accident?  Accident!  You naive pussball, when I realized my life of music could only be a life of music industry.  I <u>cut my fucking</u> <u>ears off</u> so I'd only hear <u>my</u> music. Here, look.
Man, Julian, that accident took away more than your hearing.
What is this, are you holding a microphone behind my head?
Yeah, it's pretty amazing how much cash you gotta give to the actual artists who create the music.  Those ingrates really take a bite.  But seriously, when Pops died, you got Vomit, Crunch, and Sutton to help finance a C.D. Cleans operation. You got greedy and they tried to get the three discs together to threaten you, but...
When I was young, I read <u>Billboard</u> and I could not believe how much Grendel Records and how little of it my idiot father Old Jack Grendel got.
Maybe later, but first I want like to know why you'd steal from your own company...
Fuck me...
And may I suggest for dessert, the five copies I made...
Oh please, Ford, I'll do any --
You'd said something about proof...
Ciao.
Shit.
Oh, wait.  One sec.  Open the window.
When I say 'no,' run for the door.
Are you okay?
Kill them.  Not quickly.
Before Black Vomit starts its set, Don will have his head blown off. The papers next week will reveal that he was partners with Bobby, Johnny, and Collie in 'the Grendel Records scam.'  He killed them to pay off a debt to 'the mob' or something lame like that.  And then the mob iced him.  It's all more tasteful than it sounds.
What about Don?
I'm running a little late.  You see, I'm having a party at <u>THE</u> Club to introduce the new lead singer for Black Vomit.  Everyone in the industry will be there, including our friend, Don Cleveland.
I just gave up smoking.  A last drink?
Ah, I didn't say seven <u>P</u>.M., now did I?
It's 7:30.  You really should get a watch.
<u>Okay</u>!  Okay.  You got me.  Boy, you guys are tough.  I have the third disc.  Indeed.  I.  Do. Yes, sir.  Yeah you assholes, it's in a very safe place with instructions to have it sent directly to the police if I don't make a phone call by seven o'clock.  So if you'll excuse us...
Oh God, please, <u>don't</u>!
It doesn't have to be like this?
Don't play games... ugh.  Did you say you don't have the third... ugh.  I'm not going to torture <u>you</u>, Ford.
Yeah, yeah, I know the third one unscrambles the high bits and the low bits.  Shit, just start torturing me, man.  I didn't even know Johnny had a disc and I can't deal with any 'Don't play games with me, Mr. Fairlane' bullshit.
Actually you're a bit off in the motivation department... I mean, revenge is so... Bronson.  Wait, where's the third C.D.?  How could you come here without proof? It's a three piece set here!  A computer disc from Colleen, Bobby's computer disc, and Johnny's computer disc.  Together they make, oh fucking forget it!
Golly, I'd probably faint.
And if I told you that you already knew all that shit, and that you had them killed, what would you do then?
Shock.
Uh, nice piano.  Probably get a lot of complaints from the neighbors -- heh...  It's another time, Julian, another place.  If I told you Bobby Vomit, Johnny Crunch, and Colleen Sutton were the ones you were complaining about, the ones who tried to rip you off, what would your reaction be?
Go on, another time, another place.
Jazz, we're talking here.
Don't worry I can run every ballet note for note in my brain...
Yeah, I did, you condescending fuck, but I miss Snoopy coming out at the end.  Isn't your enjoyment impaired?
So what did you think of the ballet? Was it like a warm Ice Capades?
I must say you're an island of reality in an ocean of diarrhea.
Mmmmmmm.  Mmmm, mmm.
Well, hello, Ford.
I was just discussing this whole Vomit thing with my friend Art Mooney.  Do you know him?
Terrible thing, but good career move.  His record sales have gone way up.  I'll just have to create a new Black Vomit.
An asshole?  A swine?  A ballistic turd?  Pick one.  I never knew what a blessing my accident was until he died and I had to take over the company.  You see the music is irrelevant in this industry.  I'm going to have to ship this 'wick-prick' platinum just so teenage girls can have a compact disc cover to get wet with.
I knew your father.  He was quite...
Why thank you.  It's a Christmas present.  That was my sense of humor, everyone.  I wish you would fake a laugh.  It's easy with a deaf person.
Boing.  You're one hell of a lip reader.
Good to meet you, Mr. Fairlane. Your mouth makes quite a reflection.  I'm Julian Grendel.
Actually that's rather an intriguing idea...
How could Grendel Records sign such a wick-prick?  I guess Julian Grendel really is deaf as a fucking doorknob.  I hear Ray Charles is going to head up the video division.
It is to us!  It's computerised.
This isn't music!
Hebedeebuh.  Hebedeebuh.  Maybe I did die in the explosion.
Hey, troops, here's that rock 'n' roll detective I told you about.
Hey, the poet...
Hi, private eye guy!
I'll tell you when somebody pays me to give a shit and stuff.
You heard that Bobby Vomit O.D.'d, right?  Do you suspect foul play and stuff?
That's funny, you're cute.
That's cute.  You're funny.
Only on a first name basis.
Do you really know everybody in the industry?
You're a poet and didn't know it.
You're that guy, the private eye.
I hope you solve the case and I know you will, because you're the best.  Ford, guys like you don't grow on trees.
Zuzu Petals.  Sounds like a drug. A lethal one.
I am told it is difficult to pay the phone bill with gold chains and V.C.R.s.  There's four thousand here.
Just find her, man.  She's my daughter, she's my sister, she's my mother, she's some little brat I stood in line with at Taco Bell last week.  Do whatever you want with my words.  And my money.
I don't take cases with foundations in bullshit.  They are very hard to walk around in.
So...
What?
'Bye, Johnny...
It's my daughter, man.  I know I never told you about her, but God, I love that girl.  She calls herself Zuzu Petals and she's been swallowed up by the gorgeous hell that is L.A. A fucking groupie partying with the pros.  You have to get my baby back, she's my pride and --
How nice.
Friendship's a lot different out here.  A wrong number is a relationship.  But then this isn't a social call.
I don't remember any Arbor Day cards from Mr. Rock 'n' Roll Detective.
Nice getting all those phone calls from you after you hit it big, you Redhook bastard.
Fucking amazing, huh?  Chevy Nova, you Bensonhurst shit!  Still in La-la land.  Look at us, two rock 'n' roll dicks.  Unfortunately, only one of us is a detective.
I don't believe it.  Getting paid to be the asshole you always were.
What?
Ever pick your feet in Poughkeepsie?
Mr. Doyle.
What?
Doyle.
What's my name?
This side.
Where do you want it?
Who knows?
Who brings it?
Coming in this week, week after. Everybody going to get well.
What?
No, nothing.  There's only some talk.
Got a wife named Angie.
Doesn't register.
B.O.C.A.
Boca?
I got a name - Sal Boca, Brooklyn.
There's nothing around.  Nobody's holding.
How come there's nothing out there? That stuff is all milk.
Everything is everything.
How's everything?
Cause if I do.
No - no.
Did I say you could move that hand -- I'm not gonna get stuck am I?
No. 
You don't use shit?
I'm clean.
What about you?  Can you stand a toss?
Don't forget anchovies. 
Yeah?
Sal --
I don't know where I'm gonna find a pizza joint open.
Well try, okay?
Where'm I goinna get a pizza this time o' night?
-- Well finish all your meetin' people and get back here now -- and bring a pizza with you.
You know I hadda meet some people tonight --
Takin' care o' business -- it's after midnight.
Takin' care o' business, honey.
Where are you?
You made three sales to your roaches back there.  We had to chase you through all this shit and you tell me you're clean?
Man, I'm clean.
Did you ever sit on the edge of the bed, take off your socks and stick your fingers between your toes?
No... yeah...
Were you ever in Poughkeepsie?
I don't know what you're talkin' about.
Did you ever pick your feet in Poughkeepsie?
What?
Ever pick your feet in Poughkeepsie?
I don't...
Fuck you, Santa Claus!
What's your name, asshole?
Goodbye.
Calm down -- Henri!  You must trust me -- this is an extremely complicated situation to which there is a simple solution if you do exactly what I tell you.  It's worth more money to you.
Not quite -- you are in it whether you like it or not.  The police know you brought the car into the country.  This makes you an accomplice.
My friend, I am not sure about what is going on -- but for me, I am finished.
Henri... I need one more favor from you.  I know I am imposing...
I wasn't looking.
Did they follow you?
It is waiting for you in the garage.
Did you pick up the car?
Enchant.  Alain, j'ai rflchi  votre proposition et j'ai dcid d'accepter.
Henri c'est gentil d'tre venu.  Je vous prsente mon associ, Pierre Nicoli.  Henri Devereaux.
It's yours too!
It's your problem.
Look, Mr. Charnier, you got to be reasonable.
It has to be by the end of this week.
Hell no -- my end is covered -- my associates just feel we ought to wait for a more opportune time to make the switch.
Are you having trouble raising the half million?
Look, I'll level with you -- I need a little more time -- I got to shift gears.
You must take me for an imbecile. Why do you think I asked you to meet me in Washington?  I haven't spent five minutes in New York City without the company of a gendarme.
Everything's smooth.  Beautiful.  I will need a few more days though, the boys think we oughta cool it for awhile -- make sure there's no heat.
Yes --
Twelve o'clock... yes...
... Salvatore?...
Who's this --
Allo... Salvatore...
That's a relief.
I'm going to put them on the cat.
Are you sure it is dead?
Not any woman, Marie.  Just one.
Alain is the only man I know who can become as enthusiastic about a bridge as he can about a woman.
Non!
Le sommes nous?
Je n'ai jamais vu tant de srenit. Elle m'a demand de tes nouvelles et si nous tions heureux.
Comment va-t-elle?
Formidable!  Sans toi je m'habillerais encore en docker.  Je suis pass voir Franoise.
Regarde, il te va parfaitement bien!
Pour moi?
Mais non, c'est pour toi.
Avec a tu pourras le supporter.
Regarde mon pcheur de baleine... Tu sais il va faire trs froid cet hiver.
Encore du sho ping!
Oh Alain!  C'est merveilleux!  Tu me gtes.  Je t'aime.  Attends, je vais te montrer moi aussi ce que j'ai achet.
Si tu veux.
Je peux l'ouvrir tout de suite?
Tu sais j'ai rflchi longuement  ton cadeau pour le voyage.  Je l'ai choisi moi-mme.  Tiens.
What difference does it make? We'll be out of the country Friday.
There'll be someone else.
Mmmmm.  That bastard who followed me on the subway, he's the eager one.
He is not wrong.
I don't know.  Boca is scared. He's not strong enough.  He sees policemen in his soup.
But will they?
We must follow it.
What happens to the schedule?
I'm afraid they've become a bit... over-cautious.  Our American friends.
Sois gentil avec lui.  On ne sait jamais.  Il peut te faire travailler  la tlvision.
J'ai pas confiance en lui.
Une erreur!  C'est gnial.  C'est une vedette  la tlvision.  Il peut aller partout sans tre souponn... En plus il a besoin de fric.
Je crois qu'on fait une erreur de le prendre avec nous.
Il est en retard.
Il fallait le faire.
Sale boulot.
Mmm.
Look how gracefully they conceived that arch.  Like a bowstring.  It was built from both ends.  With no support in the middle.  Beautiful.
Most New Yorkers never notice it - most Americans have never heard of it.
If this bridge were in Europe, it would be on every tourist's sight- seeing list.
Who financed it?
It was built in 1917 - and was one of the two heaviest bridges in the world.  The arch is still the largest in the world.
It's beautiful.
Fake it.
I got no music!
You're for real?
Get up on the bar and show me how you work.  If I like it you don't have to go in.
What?
All right, get up on that bar and dance.
S'right.
You're in show business.
Gimme a break, Mr. Russo.  I'm in show business.
What's your story?
Yeah, I know.
That's in France.

Marseilles.
Where's he from?
I think so.  But they're in Room 408.  On the fourth floor.
This Charnier guy.  He's in shipping?
And a Mr. Michael Lowenstein, I don't know what he does.
Yeh?  Who else?
Mr. and Mrs. Alain Charnier, would be another.  He's in shipping.
Businessman.  Owns a department store in Des Moines, I think.
What's he do?
Des Moines.
Where from?
A Mr. Paul Ganapolos, he's here alone.
Names.
There may be two... no, three who could fit it.
No, I figure he stays here.  Where's your registration?
Perhaps he's visiting a guest.
There's nobody like that on six.
We have four rooms and six suites on six.  There's a man in almost every one of them.
He got off on six.
I'm sorry, I don't know who you mean.
Whyn't ya stretch out on the pool table for a couple hours.  The kid comes in at six will wake ya.  A couple eggs and a beer is cheaper than keepin' a dog around the joint.
Morning.  Sometime.
When ya go back on?
A piece of ass wouldn't kill me.
Yeah.  In the late innings.  Ya look like a night's sleep wouldn't kill ya.
Strike out, eh?
I got this little chick I'm tryin' to hit on.  She's about 20, 21... I take her to Jilly's last night and she's tellin' me about how she wants to settle down one day, get married... I says, "Hey, this is 1971, baby, I'm just a dirty old man lookin' to score with some pussy."
Where the hell do you think it is, potato head?
Where the hell is it?
Yeah!
Hey, Mutch!  You want bacon?
Why not?
You want some eggs.
They'll close you down if they ever get a look at those busted-valise broads you run with.
I hear the health department is going to close this joint for selling dirty beer.  I come by to help you carry out your money.
What ya doin' out so late?  Hidin' from the cops?
Willie Mays.
What about you, Doyle?  Who's the best fighter you ever seen?
Tumble it.  One end to the other.
Nothing in there except a New York street map.
A bunch of lousy little spic car thieves.
Walter, I can make this case if the Feds will get the hell out of my way.
That's crazy.  You lost the Frog in the subway and you blew our cover. If they haven't moved already they're not gonna move now.
The Westbury?  Balls.  I got him down at the subway at Times Square. What the hell's goin' on?  I make him coming right out of the hotel free as a bird.  Not a soul awake.
Yeah, we got the Westbury covered like a tent.
Bill, keep shootin' your mouth off and I'll knock you into the middle of next week.
Case?  So far I haven't seen a damn thing.
Look.  My partner and I found this case and I don't want no Feds screwing it up.
Why don't you do the same, Doyle? You look like shit.
Who's on him?
Christ you should o' collared him right there.
Third time around.
Same car.
Four.
Timezit?
This is my case.  Get these guys off my back and let me handle it.
My ass.  The only reason you're in this is because you've got a big expense account for buying junk and you like to see your picture in the papers.
I say we keep sittin' on Boca.
This fella Nicoli's got a record in France, Walter.  He's wanted for questioning in the murder of a French cop.
We put him to bed for the night.
What about Sal?
The other guy's a frog too.  Checked in at the Edison.  Had a hooker sent up.
The guy's a frog -- I'm pretty sure. Also he made me.  Stayin' on four but went up to six -- cute.
Pour it in your ear.
You want the red or the white?
Sixty days.  Here.  Don't mention it.
Throw 'em in the bathroom, will you? How good are the warrants?
We also got Bill Mulderig and Phil Klein.
You got the warrant?
The crazy kid handcuffed me to the bed.  With my own cuffs.
What happened to you?
Let yourself in.
Why not?
I can't.
It's Cloudy.  Open the door.
Yeah.
Popeye.
This could be it, Walter.  This Candy Store guy, putting on a big show in a fancy nightclub with known connections all over him. Then on our own, after working the whole day and night, we tail him out to Brooklyn and sit on him for a week practically, and who do we come up with?  Joel Weinstock.  You gotta let us have it.
We got information that there's no shit in the street -- it's like a desert full of junkies with a big score coming in to make everybody well.
We're goin' now!  Goodbye.
Tell everybody we'll be back in an hour.
I'm goin' check on this address in the Bronx, if you're bullshitting me, it's your ass.
I'm wounded.  Oh, oh.
What the hell am I drivin' for? I'm a first grade Detective. You're a second grade guinea.
He was the bank on that shipment outta Mexico three years ago.
No sir -- this is where Joel lives.
Makin' wine in the basement.  He looks like that wop stooge used to drive for the Fracisi brothers.
Suspicion of what?
I think we oughta burn him on suspicion.
There's about a hundred years' parole time in there night or day.
Toy wit' this will ya.
Make it Alexander's, I like the toy department.
If that's not a drop or a pickup, I'll open a charge for you at Bloomingdale's.
A and A, that's all you're interested in -- Arrests and Ass.
Monica?  Who's Monica?
Come on -- just for fun --
What for -- you wanna play Hide the Salami with his old lady?
The greaser with the blonde.
Give who a tail?
Whatta you say we wait and give him a tail?
He probably sells insurance.  Owns a chicken farm in Hackensack.
Hunh-uh.  Check the bread.  He spreads it like the Russians are in Jersey.
No, you?
What about the last of the big-time spenders.  You make him?
Policy man in Queens.
Who is that guy?
Hey, I thought we come for a drink.
I make at least two junk connections at that table in the corner.  The guy is the stripe combo, I know him too.
Whip it out.
Drink this.
Come on -- one drink.  Whatta you say?
Some other time Jimmy, I'm beat.
Let's popeye around the Chez for a half hour, catch the end of the show and a couple drinks.
Not a chance.
Never trust anybody.  You goin' sick?
He coulda been white.
Never trust a nigger.
How'd I know he had a knife.
Havin' trouble?  You're a dumb guinea.
How about that time you were picking your feet in Poughkeepsie?
Who stuck up the laundromat?
Whyn't you get it dry cleaned and burned.
Forty dollars -- was $250.
Pass.
This is what the tough guys are wearin'.  You know I only steal from the best.  It's Bonwit Teller.
Where'd you get this fag shit?
Whatta you got?
Can you use a new suit for Christmans?
Hiya, Jesus.
Hey, Bo.
For dead bodies.
For garbage?
It was a crematorium.
What was it?
Oh, it's been abandoned for years.
What is that old building?
I'm afraid the rest of Ward's Island isn't nearly as romantic - a pollution plant, a hospital, a training school for garbage men and that area over there, where the old cars are kept, prior to being processed for shipment to, among other places, The Charnier Shipping Company, of Marseilles, France.
The river at this point is the most dangerous on the East Coast.  Years ago, hundreds of ships went down here.
Why is it called Hellgate?
Two railroads as part of a connecting railway which provided passage from New England to the South.  It was actually the first railroad through New York City.
Darling, may I have this one?
No.  Many are involved in crimes and confiscated... or just abandoned. This is, as you know, your prime source of scrap metal, M. Charnier.
Just for mistakes of parking?
There are four auto graveyards like this one in the other boroughs, handling about a thousand vehicles a month.  Those that aren't claimed are auctioned here once a month.
He could go someplace else with his sixty kilos of heroin and see how easy it is to pull together a half million cash.  He wouldn't find there was any hurry to do this kind of business.
I'm straight, Joel.  They haven't got shit on me.  Look, I'm tellin' you, he'll take the deal somewhere else.
Which is why your phone lines are tapped and the Feds are crawlin' all over you like flies.
I been damn careful up to now.
So whatta you want a badge?  It's your first major league game Sal. One thing I learned, move calmly, move cautiously.  You'll never be sorry.
Joel, don't jerk me.  I spent a lot o' time settin' this one up.
What am I, a shmuck?  What's the hurry?  He could see a couple of shows and visit the top of the Empire State Building.
Nicky Moore.  Patty Ryan.  Mary Finelli. These names mean anything to you, asshole?  Julia Sullivan!  She mean anything?  She means something to me!
Oh, my God!  What is that?!  Why you showing me this shit!?  JESUS!  JESUS! Get those away from me!
Nothing.
So, what'd you do about it, Daryl?
So what?
Let me tell you what I know, Daryl.  You went to Saint Xavier with Mary.  You lived five blocks from her.  You liked her.  But she ain't interested.  That must've hurt, huh?
What I know is what I told you.
Sexual assault, Daryl.  Five years.  But you got lucky, right?  You got away with something else.  Something you figured nobody knows about.
Well, I think you do.
No, I don't.
You know what I'm saying.
What are you saying?
You remember Mary Finelli?
Yeah.
You go to Xavier High School, Daryl?
That was over thirty years ago.  I paid for that and then some.
I'll go find Hayes.
No, I think he's up in interrogation.
Where's the collar, in the cells?
Just missed Deleon.  Hayes is up in the squad.
They around?
That's Deleon and Hayes' collar.
I'm working with one of the victims outta Brooklyn North.  You mind I take a shot at him?
Yeah.
You got a collar in here for the Nightingale murders?
There's a manhole at Canal and Bowery.
How do we get to the vault door?
We tried.  Bulkhead door's rusted shut. Won't budge.
We gotta go underground.  Get those guys out, now.
Wish I was.  Oldest part of the system down there.  We're on it, but it's gonna take awhile.
You're shitting me!
Switches are shorted out.
Why haven't they killed the juice?
Elvis has left the building.
You okay, man?
Then fuckin' find it.  I'm going for the girl.
Gotta be another way up, Frank.
One way to find out.
Don't know what's behind it.
It looks open on the other side.
I'm alright, Gibby.
Frank.  Hey, man.  You alright?
I should'a been a fucking mailman.
Stay with me, Gib.  We're gonna do this.
Frank.  We gotta go back.  Frank...
I seem nervous, huh?
Hey, Rookie.  Be cool.  Just stay with me.  This is what we do.
Oh, yeah.  Damn.  My watch is busted.
The game, Graham.  The Series?
Baltimore?
Oh, man.  Hope it ain't like this in Baltimore tomorrow.
Frank...
Hey, bud.
I gotcha, I gotcha Chief!
Then you gotta hide it somewhere. Somewhere where nobody's gonna find it...for 29 years!  Put it under the loose floorboard by the window!
Yeah, but, no kidding around, he's a good guy, a real good guy...
The future guy?
Jules, I want you to say hello to somebody...  I'm on with John - that guy I told you about.
So am I.
I'm serious.
I'll be upstairs...if you want to play.
No.  Not our Johnny.  I mean, it's Johnny...but not now...in the future.
I know.  He loves that thing.
I've been talking to Johnny...on the radio.
Honey, what is it?  Just tell me.
I've been talking to this...guy...this cop...on the HAM...and, uh, he...
Okay...
There's something I gotta take care of. Something I need to tell you about.
Do you know how much I love you?
Wish you weren't.
I'm off.
He ain't the only one.
Boy is he excited about the game tomorrow.
I love you more.
I love you, Bud.
Probably marry some rich doctor and never have to work...
One in each ear.  What would you do without me?
You give him his drops?
I tucked him in at Gordo's.
Where's Johnny?
Nothing.  I just wanted to see you.
Frank...what's wrong?
Sure.
Frankie, Johnny wants to say goodnight.
Nothing wrong with old age, Frank...long as you get there.
It was under control, Bud.  Butchy's just getting tight in his old age.
He did.
Did he?
Butch called.
The usual.
How was your tour?
I'd go with you and Chinese take-out over her any time.
You didn't marry Donna Reed.
What's the matter, Jules?  Trouble workin' an eight hour shift, watching the kid and whipping up a little bolognese?
I think I ruined the sauce...again.
You alright?
Damn.
Well, why not a little of the King?
How about a little of the King?
Hey, bud.
Hey, bud.
Get him home safe.
Next time lets put some money on it.
You missed a hell of a game, Frank.
No kidding.  I'm on the corner of 65th and CPW.  Come get me.
Frank.  We know.  We know it's Shepard.
Satch, you gotta listen to me...
Deleon.
Go watch the game?  Go watch the fucking game?  Frank, they're gonna make you for Sissy Clark's murderer.  It matches the Nightingale's profile.  You understand what that means?
In the bottom of the 7th, Weis is gonna hit a solo home run.  Jones and Swoboda are gonna score in the 8th.  The Mets are gonna win 5-3.  Go watch the game, Satch.
Frank, this is insane...
The next batter, Clendenon, hits one outta the park.
Frank, please...
What if I told you that in the bottom of the 6th we're gonna be down 3-0.  And Cleon Jones is gonna get hit in the foot. It's gonna leave a scuff mark on the ball.
How's that?
What if I could prove it to you, Satch?
Are you listening to me?  You're in a world of shit.  An eye witness has you outside the dead girl's apartment.  We got your prints all over the place.  Plus the fucking driver's license, Frank.  You gotta give me something here. Something I can believe.
He's not gonna stop, Satch.  He's gonna keep on...
Frank, this is not the time to be worried about covering up if you had a thing with this girl.
Satch, would you listen to me here.  Just you and me.  Can I talk to you here, alone?
Uh, huh.
As nuts as that sounds, yes.
Uh, huh...  Uh, huh.  And you got this from the guy you were talking to on the radio when I came in?
I swear, Satch.
You can talk to Julia.  Forget the radio.
Okay, okay.  I need to go say something to Julia and finish up with the guy on the radio.
I wanna be wrong here.  But we need to go to the precinct and talk about it.
No.  This isn't what you think.
415 Greenwich St.  #302.  Under the body of a murdered woman.
Do you know where I found this?
What do you mean?
Let's go.  Do us both a favor.
About what?
Let's go outside and talk.  We need to do that.
No, I don't.
I think you know, Frank.
What is going on here, Satch?  What are those guys doing out there?
I'm sorry, Frank, but you need to come outside.
Satch, you gotta just give me...Satch is here John.  You hear me?  Satch is here.
John, hold on a second.  I'm in the middle of something important here.  You mind if...
Frank, we need to talk...
Hello, Frank.
Okay, I'm on it.  Hey.
Luck, my ass.
Lucky throw, fire boy.
I'm doing it!  I'm doing it!
Yes!  That's it!  You got it, you got it! Way to go, Chief!
I'm right here behind you...
Wait...
You ready?
No, but we can.  We can do it together. Spirit and guts, Chief.
Daddy, Daddy, I can't.
Don't be scared.  This time I'm right behind you if you fall.
I'm scared.
I'll be up soon, Little Chief.
Daddy, come up and sing the baseball.
C'mon, Chief, show some guts.
Daddy, I'm scared.
Don't think about falling, just keep pedaling.
Daddy put the wheels back on.  I'm gonna fall.
Okay, start pedaling.
Glad to hear that.
I know.  Sorry, Dad.
Looks like two weeks worth of allowance, Chief.
I don't remember.  Why don't I remember?
What's wrong?
Wait.  Something's wrong.  I don't...
We did it, John.  We stopped him.
I'm here, Dad.  I'm here.
Satch is busting me for Sissy Clark's murder.  John...
Yeah, Dad.  What the hell is going on?
John, you there?
Just a minute, John...okay?  Don't go away.
Dad, what the hell is going on?
Dad, you there?
What are you doing here, Satch?  You off today?
Call the FBI.  Use a pay phone.  Don't give 'em your name, Dad.  Just tell 'em that it was Shepard who killed Finelli and Clark and the others.  That he's the Nightingale.
You're telling me this maniac is a cop? What the hell am I supposed to do with that one?
Hang on.
It's gonna work, Dad.  We're gonna stop him.
Huh?
Right, now I need you to tape it up on the outside, where he touched it, so the prints keep.
I got it.
Okay, okay...
Please, Dad, just do it.
What...
Listen to me, very carefully, take your wallet out, just touch it on the corners.
How the hell am I gonna do that?
His prints.  You've got his prints.  I'll run them through criminal index.  You gotta get me that wallet.
What?
We got him!  Dad you got him!
In my pocket.
He touched your wallet!  Where's your wallet?
No, he tossed the wallet, but he kept the license.
He took your wallet?
He took my driver's license, John, he knows where we live.
What?
John, he's got my driver's license.
I need you to believe in me.  To believe that we can do this.
Johnny, I know, but...
But we can, we can do it together. Spirit and guts, remember?
I don't think I can.  I'm not a cop.  I can't.   I can't stop this guy.
I know...  But Dad, you can't go back.  You didn't die in that fire.  And no matter what you do, nothing is gonna change that.  So all we can do is deal with this...and try to make it right.
This is wrong...it's like we cheated...
No.
Yes it is...we did this.  We changed everything.  I've been having bad dreams, Johnny. Dreams where I die...in the fire.  I was supposed to die in that warehouse.
It's not your fault, Dad.
He killed her John.  He killed her and I didn't do a thing to stop it.
Don't worry, Chief.  I'm not gonna let anything happen to her...no matter what.
Yeah, I think so...
You all right?
I'm right here, Dad.
John, you still there?
H-hi.
John, say hello to my wife...Julia.
You there?
Hang on a sec, John.
Wow.
Well, game five was the big one.  It turned in the bottom of the 6th.  We were down 3-0.  Cleon Jones gets hit on the foot - left a scuff mark on the ball. Clendenon comes up.  The count goes to 2 2.  High fastball.  He nailed it.  Weis slammed a solo shot in the 7th to tie. Jones and Swoboda scored in the 8th.  We won, Pop.
Yeah, you betcha.
You really wanna know?
Hey, what about the Amazin's?  They pull it off?
We're okay...we're good, Dad.
What are we like in...1998?
Didn't happen, we got enough problems down here.
What else, John.  It must be different, huh?  Are people living on the moon?
Well they found out cigarettes give you lung cancer.
Tell me something good, Chief.  Tell me about the future.
All right, I'm with you.  I just hope we know what the hell we're doing.
Coupla days ago they dug up a body in Washington Heights - Mary Finelli.  Girl disappeared in '68.  Turns out she was his first kill.  Which means he probably knew her.  Most serials know their first victim.  I'm gonna do some checking - see if I can put any of this together...
How?
Dad, I think I may be able to get you enough information to make sure the DA can nail this bastard.
Got it.
Sissy Clark, 190 Riverside Dr., apartment 3C.  Tomorrow.  She's a nursing student.  Paying her way as a cocktail waitress at the Peppermint Lounge, on west 63rd.  Left work at two A M...killed in her apartment, between two thirty and five.
Whatta we do now?
It's okay.  This is working.  This is gonna work.
No.  I just kept talking to her.  There was a lot of guys in that bar - could'a been any of 'em.
Did you see him?  Do you know who he is?
I'll be damned.
Tell 'em there's a homicide in progress... cause by the time they show up there will be.
What do I tell them?
They'll question her.  Whatever they tell her could change what happens.  No, I want you to follow her.  See if anybody's watching her, hittin' on her. I'm betting somebody's gonna walk outta that bar with her.  When they do, you call the cops.
Why not just get the cops to watch the bar?
Then you get Mom the hell out.  But Dad, those other women weren't supposed to die.  We don't try to stop this guy, we're gonna live with that for the rest of our lives.
What if the radio stops working?  Christ, what if I can't reach you again?
You ever talk to a victim's family?  The one's left behind?  They don't act like what you'd think.  There's panic and fear.  But mostly, it's like there's this logic problem.  And if they could only solve it, everything would be okay.  But if you look real close - look at their eyes - you can see it.  Just a glimmer.  But somewhere they know.  They know their world is never gonna be the same.
I do know.  I'm a cop.  This is what I do.
I don't know, John.  I'm a fire fighter. This is...this is different.
They will if they catch him in the act. You can make that happen, Dad.  You can tail the victim and call it in at just the right moment.
So what should I do?  Call the police? You think they'll believe me?
No.  Nobody got...  Wait a minute.  I might not know who he is, but I know where he's gonna be.  I got the case file.  We know what he's gonna do before he does it.
What can we do?  You don't even know who this guy is.
That'll never work.  They'll just think you're crazy.
I'll warn them.
I don't know...  What about the other women?
I gotta take her away, John.  I'm gonna take your mother away.  He can't hurt her if I take her away.
Something we did changed the case...changed history.  Mom wasn't dead.  But then after you didn't die in the fire something must have happened.  And this guy, this Nightingale guy, he kept on killing...it was like a spree...seven more women.
What are you talking about?
He didn't just kill three women anymore. He killed ten.
Whatta you mean...
Dad, we did something.  Something to make it worse.
What kinda twisted animal.
There was this case.  A serial.  He murdered three women, all nurses, between '68 and '69.  The papers called them the Nightingale Murders.  They never caught him.  But the killings just stopped.
Murdered?  Why?
Jesus Christ...that's...ten days from now.  How?
October 22, 1969.
When?
No Dad, it happened a long time ago, a long time ago for me.
She just died, your mother just died?
She...she died.  It's like it just happened.
Whatta you mean she's not here?
She's not here.
What?  What is it?
It's Mom.
What?  Johnny, what's wrong?
Something happened, something...
Are you alright"?
Dad...Dad... There's... I need to...
Right here, Chief.  Sorry I lost you last night.  Damn thing keeps cutting out.
What it was like when you died in the fire...
What, Johnny?  What is it?
Dad, I gotta tell you this...cause you should know.  Cause I still remember.
I'm glad.
It's hard to explain.  Something happened today.  It was like a dream.  And when I woke up I had all these new memories. Good times.  Times we never had before.
Tell me.
We're doing all right, Dad.  We're doing good.
Yeah.  I'm okay.  What about you?  I want to know.  About you.  And your mom.
Dad, you there?  You okay?
You're the voice of an angel, Johnny.  If you hadn't told me, no way I would'a ever made it.
Yeah, it's me.
Chief?!  Is that you?
Dad...?
I don't understand.
Don't go.  Don't go in that warehouse...
Tomorrow.  Jesus...it hasn't happened. It doesn't have to happen.
But that's tomorrow.
October 12, 1969.
When?
It did, Pop.  It did.
That can't be...that's not gonna happen.
It was an abandoned warehouse - hit by lightening.  Butch told Ma it was just one wrong turn. Said it wasn't your fault.  You went with the training, with your instincts.  If you'd just gone left instead of right, you would've made it.
On the job?
Fire.
Why?
I never knew you, Dad.
What?
I lost you.
What are you talking about?
But you're not...you're not still here.
It's okay.  I'm still here, Chief.
No wait, don't go!
I think I'm losing you.
What's that?
I'm trying to be, Dad.  I'm tyrin'.  It's good to hear your voice.  I missed you...so much.
You're still my Little Chief, right?
Nah, I gave it up.
Too busy playin' ball, huh?
No, not yet.
Yeah...I think so.
It's really you, isn't it?
I'm not doing anything.  Look, I don't know what's going on.  But I swear on my life, I"m here at your old desk, on your Ham, in our house, right now...in 1998.
1998...?  This is wrong.  Who are you? Why are you doing this?
1998.
Thirty-five?  That would make it...
I'm thirty-five years old.
You sound...ground up...?
Wait a sec...there was something on the news.  Something about this space anomaly.  I think they said it was connected to some storm in '69.
Yeah, that's how Hams work.
Sun spot?
We gotta be bouncing off the mother sun spot of all time.
I don't know.
How could this be happening?
Johnny...?
Dad...?
What if it's not...
That's impossible.
What's happening?
You just burned the desk.
What?
Oh my god.
Nothing...I just spilled something.
What's going on?
I'm not dreaming.
I'm dreaming this.  Shit, this is a dream.
What the hell...
My dad's name was Frank Patrick Sullivan, he was a fire fighter and a die-hard Mets fan.  And every night when I went to bed he sang to me...  Take me out to the ball game, take me out with the crowd...
29 years...?
29-years ago.
What?
Now you listen to me.  My name is John Francis Sullivan, I live at 1060 41st, where I've lived my whole life.  And I saw the first game of the '69 Series at my Uncle Butch's house with my father...
W...B...2...YXB.
What'd you say your station...uh, your call letters were?
What the hell does Gordy have to do with it?
Gordo, if this is you, so help me...
Right...and I'm asking how you called the game.
You're telling me your name is Frank Sullivan, you live in Queens and you just saw the first game of the '69 Series...live?
Look pal, I'm just askin' how you...
Is this some kind of joke?  Gordo is that you?  Are you fucking with me?
Frank...Frank Sullivan.
What'd you say your name was?
Uh huh...
You call your son Little Chief?
Oh, that was my kid.
What'd you just say?
Sorry 'bout that.
This afternoon?
What are you talking about?  I'm talking about this afternoon.
Wasn't too tough, buddy.  Game happened almost thirty years ago.
The World Series.  You called Buford's homer.
Huh?
I been Q-ing you all night.  How the hell did you do it?
Hello?
...WB2YXB calling unidentified station, Queens.  CQ 15.
Yeah.  It was all over after Buford nailed Seaver's first pitch outta the park.
I'm right with you, man.  He's got the heart of a lion.  Hey, how 'bout the first game of the Series?
Fed up?  Lemme tell you something, in a 1000 years, when school kids study America, they're gonna learn about three things: the Constitution, Rock 'n' Roll, and Baseball.
I got fed up with all the bullshit.
What?
I don't really follow baseball anymore.
Sorry 'bout that.  So Queens, you psyched for the Series?
I can't believe people are still using these things.
15-band closes down at night.  During the day you can chew the band with China if you want.
I thought these things were for talkin' around the world.
Whatta ya know.  Bayside, born and raised.
Queens, New York.
Where are you transmitting from?
Pal, my whole life's an emergency.
Listen, you can't broadcast without a license.  Unless this is an emergency, you gotta get off the band.
Look, I don't really remember how this thing works.
Are you licensed to broadcast, buddy?
Name's John.
WB2YKXB, who've I got?
Uh, hello?
You got a deal, mister.  I mean Santa.
Oh don't worry kid, I know where you live.  Now I want you to go upstairs and write this down, buy Yahoo. You got that Space Cowboy.  Y-a-h-o-o. It's a magic word and I never want you to forget it.
I better give you my address then.
How'd you know my name, mister?
Gordo?
This is the Space Cowboy.  I'm an intergalactic traveler from the Federation planet earth.
The Ham radio.  That's how come he didn't die in the fire.
Huh?
Yeah, lung cancer.  Ten years ago.
Cancer.  It was the cigarettes.  Right? The cigarettes?
Fire?  What are you talking about?  He had cancer, John.
My father didn't die in a fire?
Huh?
My father didn't die in a fire?
What?
Longbranch...?
John.  John, you all right?
Better.
How you feeling?
I know pal.  I remember.  Twenty-nine years tomorrow.
The warehouse.  Buxton seeds.  It's tomorrow.
Go in where?
No.  I gotta tell him the address, so he doesn't go in.
C'mon, man.  Get inside.  I'll come over. We'll play some Nintendo.
I talked to him Gordo.  I talked to my Dad.
Sull!  What the hell!
I think it's somewhere in the closet... if you can find it.
Hey, OK if Gordy uses your old gear?
What the hell is that smell?
Hey, Sull.  My cable's out again.
Sully!  Is that you?
I'm not your uncle, kid.  Gordo, what are you doing here?
Just cause he didn't want to look at the photos doesn't mean he isn't the doer. Not everyone fits the profile.
He ain't our guy, John.
Yeah.  Sure.
Got a minute?
I'm just trying to figure what interests me more: the possibility that Daryl is the guy, or you making him absolutely the guy.
What?
Uh, huh.
Not the first time that's been true.  I'm telling you, I got a feeling about this guy.  This is the guy, Satch.
So you figure the murders stop 'cause he's off the street.  Then by the time he gets paroled, he's smartened up enough to control himself?
I ran him through BCI...got a hit. Busted for sexual assault: March 22, 1970.  Eight days after the last Nightingale murder.
Mind if I shake it off first...so's I can concentrate better.
Okay, lemme walk you through it.
This case just got hot.  We pull on this string...
Which means he probably knew her.
April 16...?  That means she was the first.
Our lucky break.  Mario ID'd the dental. Mary Finelli...reported missing April 16, 1968.
That wasn't luck, Johnny boy.  That was smarts and ten plus on the job.
That's what we need here, Satch.  A lucky break.
What're you talking'?  You know better than anybody, John.  You've read this file a thousand times.
Ten?  No.  I remember this case.  Three. He killed three women.
She makes ten.
And I'm tired of the I'm sorrys.  I don't need 'em.  What I need is a partner I can count on.  I care about you.  Not cause of me and your old man.  Not cause of your mom. But because of you.
I'm sorry.  I just...you know...I...
This is getting real old, John.  And I'm tired up to here with it...
Yeah.  That's it.
Another rough night, huh?  That it?
Gordo, I wasn't dreaming.  I talked to him, it was real.
Maybe you outta lay off a little...
Whoa, I just...I just...
You're not looking too good.
Nothing you're willing to do.
She made up her mind.  Nothin' I do is gonna change it.
Don't choke on your pride, Sull.  You ain't ever gonna catch another one like that.
I'm sorry.  I didn't realize...  But she knew, John.  A mother knows what's in her son's heart.
Yeah.  I just wish I'd told her how proud I was of her.
Then I'll bet she's real proud of you, huh?
I try to be.
Are you a good cop, John?
She's pretty special.
You're mom sounds like she's got some smarts.
Yeah...I remember.  I used to play cops and robbers but y-- ...my mom wouldn't let me have a toy gun.
My six year-old here keeps telling me he wants to be a policeman.  Right after he retires from the majors.  We just gave him a badge and a whistle for his birthday.
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, future boy.  Frank tells me you're a cop?
Look who's talking.
You work too hard, John.
I know.  I'm sorry.  Work.
Oh, I loved it.  I wish you'd gone.
So how'd you like LION KING?
Close.
No kidd'n, he musta been pushing 90!
Fine.  You know Dr. Schwartz retired last month?
So how are things at the hospital?
I'm sure everything'll work out.  She really loves you...
Yeah, those grad school applications are driving her crazy.
I'm sorry Sam couldn't make it.
Sounds good.
I thought it'd be nicer to eat here.
Hey, Ma, it's me.  Checking in.  Probably at work.  Anyways, I'll see you tomorrow night.  Love you.
Hi, this is Julia.  Please leave a message after the tone.
It's a small world, Carl.  And I'm gonna find you.  Real soon.
Fuck you, asshole.
You have the right to speak to an att --
Sullivan?
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Who the fuck is this?
You have the right to remain silent.  If you give up that right...
Hell-
I'm the train wreck you didn't see coming.  And I'm gonna steal your life away.  You went down 30 years ago.  You just don't know it yet.
Who are you?
Talk about dumb luck.  Odds of anybody finding that girl, thirty years later. And then the chances of hitting a dental...forget about it.  Bets part is she's the first victim.  She knew the doer.  I'm betting those bones are gonna do a lot of talking.
Huh.
No.  Missing teenager.  Disappeared thirty years ago.  Found her bones last week.  Buried behind some old diner, up by Dyckman street.  Mary Finelli.
No kiddin'?
As a matter of fact, I caught a case that goes back to your day...one of the Nightingale murders.
I hear that.
Nah, just working the job.
A hot shot, huh?
The 2-3.  Homicide.
No.  What house you work?
I look familiar?
Yeah, long time ago.  I know you?
You used to be on the job?
Oh.  Sorry.  How so?
No.  No.  Well, sort of.  In my heart. Been dead 29 years.
Wife around?
Glad you did.  Come on in.  Buy you a cup of coffee?
Just came by to wrap up over there. Thought I'd say "hello."
"He" wanted me to warn you.  Look at this, all of you!
That's an eyeball!  Oh, God!
I found this today.  There were other pieces of the body lying there, but I believe "he" wanted me to have this...
What is that?
Drop me off?  How do you mean?
I mean, is there any place in particular where we can drop you off?
Going?  How do you mean?
Where are you going?
My name is Abel.  And I am my brother's keeper.
Actually, I have no idea what the World's Record is.  I was just kidding.
You're all just jealous.
I did?!  I broke the world's record.
According to the Guinness Book, you passed the World's Record several whacks ago.
... One thousand twelve... one thousand thirteen... one thousand fourteen... What's the World's Record for this?
We were looking for something to keep our hands busy.  It was either this or an orgy.  Vera chose this.  What're ya gonna do?
Who brought up this bright idea?
Yes, you can.  Come on, Shelly!
No more... I can't!
Would you be yourself...  ...if you looked this this?
Look Shelly, you're my roommate and I like you... most of the time.  But you gotta stop doing these things.  Now, I set this date up for you, didn't I?  So don't embarrass me.  When you meet this woman, just relax and be yourself.
Same thing.
I beg your pardon, I'm not an asshole.  I'm an actor.
Dammit Shelly!  Why do you always have to be such an asshole!
Sure.
Do you want a beer or not?
What?
I'm going downstairs to get a beer. You want one?
Barely.
Hey Deb... can you hear me?
You're too clean for me.
I think it's called "a shower". You might try it sometime.
What're you doin'?
I vote for the hammock.
I vote for me.
That was the best yet.  Was it you... me... or the hammock?
I'll think of something.
Think you can figure it out?
I know how to do it.  I mean, how do we do it in the hammock?
First we take off our clothes, then you get on top of me or I get on top of you...
How do we do it?
If you insist.
How about you and I whacking a couple of balls around?
You can play with yourself, 'cause I'm going in the house.
How about a roll in the hay?
Not now.  I'm cold.
We haven't looked in the barn, yet.  Let's take a look.
What're you doing?
Sounds disgusting.  Let's go.
We'd be all alone.  We could do anything we wanted and nobody would see.
I don't know...
Why don't we go take a swim?
Where's Shelly?
What was that?
No way.  We're pregnant.  Remember?
Breakfast?
I didn't mean it the way it sounded...
Cool it, Andy.
So what would a weekend in the country be without sex?
Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.
What're you gonna do?
Be a man, man.
Will you come with me?
Here.  Go down the cellar and check the fusebox.
Don't do that to me!
Nothin'.  I was just foolin' around.
What's the matter?!
It's Friday the 13th.
I can't even remember what day it is, man.
I can't find the bong anywhere. Can't you remember where you dropped it?
This is all the exercise I need...
Maybe we should do some exercise.
And Hell is hot, but I ain't goin' down there either.
That's the way it is, man. Cellars are dark.
It's dark down there.
I love you, man!
I'm a slow eater.
Chuck... look.
I'm gonna be sicker than all of you, man.  Now I gotta spend the whole weekend totally straight...  I don't think I can make it, man!
Yes, man!
Destroy the evidence?  No, man!
Have you ever made love in a hammock?
A hammock?
Your bed.
What's this?
You go ahead...
Come on down!
I don't know.  I flunked Spanish.
What are they saying?
Okay, we won't.  We'll just have fun, all agreed?
I appreciate the fact that you worry about me, but don't.
It's the last house on the left. She lives downstairs.
Which one is it?
Sort of.
You know him?
Sure, just watch where you're going.
Could we move a little faster?
It's all right, you're all right. I'm with you.
When you dropped me off at the house, it was very late.  My parents were waiting up for me. As soon as I got in the door, they starting yelling and cursing at me.  I was so upset... I told them I slept with you.  My mothers slapped me.  That was the first time she'd ever hit me.  I couldn't believe it.  I ran out of the house and into the woods as fast and as far as I could run. I was crying.  They had destroyed the most beautiful night of my life and I wanted to punish them for that.  I decided to hide out all night.  They'd be so worried that they'd be sorry for what they did to me.  The woods were cold and damp from the rain.  I found a dry spot under a rotted oak tree and I guess I fell asleep.  All I can remember next is being startled out of sleep by the sound of footsteps.  I thought it was my father so I hid behind the tree. But the footsteps just stopped. The woods were dark.  I couldn't see anything.  I heard a cracking noise behind me.  I turned around and... and... oh, God... there was this hideous looking man.  So grotesque he was almost inhuman.  He had a knife and he started to slash away at me, again and again.  I was so hysterical and I don't know how I was able to get away.  I ran and ran, but he kept coming.  He was big but so fast.  He caught me and pulled me down to the ground and he... he... ripped my blouse off. I was screaming, but who could hear me?  Then... oh, God... he dragged me by the hair along the ground.  I was kicking and yelling.  He dragged me deeper and deeper into the woods.  Oh, please... please...
After you left me that night, I didn't see you or talk to you again for a year.  No one would tell me anything.  All I know is what the police told me.  We have nowhere to go unless you let me in.  What happened?
You promised you'd never ask me.
What happened that night?
I'm trying.  I'm really trying.
I don't know.  I don't see you for months on end, and when I do, you put this wall between us.  How do I break through?
I'm here with you.  Can't that be enough for now?
And, what about us?
... To prove something to myself... to prove I'm stronger than I think I am.
Why did you come back here?
The quiet can fool you.  It fooled me.  You can never be sure of what's out there.
What do you mean?
It's deceiving.
You know, I'm not sure I could live anywhere else.  The nights are always so peaceful and quiet.
Why don't we drive over to the cove and watch the sunset.  It'll mellow you out.
This is too painful to look at.
No.  I can look around by myself. I'll take the upstairs.
Let's spread out and check all the rooms.  Outside, too.  You stay with me.
Are you all right, Shelly?
Shelly!  Where are you?!
I'm serious.  Doesn't this look a little strange to you?
Goldilocks and the Three Bears?
Somebody was in here.
No.  I got here just before you did.
Did you stay here last night?
Look what I found.  Remember these?
Nothing.
What?
This door was open just a minute ago, wasn't it?
Okay.  There's a whole weekend ahead of us.  There's time.
Just slow down.  Let me get to know you again.  Let me get to know this place again.
You're irresistible.  I lose control.
I don't know.
Is that so bad?
You haven't changed a bit.  Always so sure of yourself.  Even when we were kids, when you wanted something, nothing could stop you.
Hello.  How are you?
You can say... "Hello, how are you?"... for starters.
I'm sorry.  I just wanted to surprise you.  What can I say?
You know what I've been through. Don't ever scare me like that.
Why?
Derek... stop.
You're wrong.
You don't to say it.  I can tell.
I never said you were "nothing".
Being a jerk is better than being nothing.
I do like you.  But not when you act like a jerk.
I just want you to like me.
You don't "have to."
I have to.
Why do you do these stupid things?!
Damn you, Shelly!
You've just learned a valuable lesson.  A beautiful girl like you should never go out in the dark alone.
Don't say any more.
Vera... you and I have had a chance to really get to know one another today.  I like you... very much.  I was thinking that maybe.
A few minor repairs and it'll be as good as new.
We're really sorry, but it wasn't our fault.
It was nothing.
We had a slight misunderstanding with that motorcycle gang...  ... but Shelly made them see the error of their ways.
Look at it this way... things can only get better... Right?
This has been on helluva beginning to a quiet weekend in the country.
Stop the car!  Now!!
Bullseye!
You're the boss.
No time to explain.  Just listen. When I yell "stop," you jam on the brakes as hard as you can.  Okay?
What're you doing?
Just keep your eyes on the road.
This is no time to celebrate!
Maybe.
Got any good ideas?
Keep looking.
I don't see anything.
Stop worrying.  I don't think they'll bother to come after us.
Just a dirty window.  Next time, I'll know how to handle a situation like that.  Let's just hope that "next time" isn't too soon.
See anything?
Gulp!
Yes.
Are they following us?
May be please have the wallet.
Please... be cool.
Excuse me, but I believe that's mine...
Everything's gonna be fine.
Is... is everything all right?
Not us!  He's really creepy.
Come on, Shelly.  Who else is gonna give him a lift?
That scarecrow?  Can't you tell how weird his is just by looking at him.
Uh... I guess I'm just not hungry.
Why don't you help us?
Faster!  Eat faster!
Destroy the evidence, Pronto!
What are we gonna do?
Stick around and you'll see.
In that little thing?
My whole world.
What d'ya got in there?
I'm sorry.
You're Shelly?
Hi.
No way...  ...I wanna rock!
That's it.  Pull over.  I'm drivin'.
Alright, alright.
Will you hurry up!  I gotta get this fuckmobile back before Horace finds out I took it.
What?  Who pulled it out?!
Go out and plug the cord back in.
What?
My friggin' stepfather and asshole- in-residence.
Who's Horace?
If this thing is burned out, friggin' Horace will ground my butt.
Great.  Just great.
I thought that was the end of the song.
Stay cool?  You ain't Dirty Harry. Now stop it.
Don't worry about it.  Just stay cool.
That's it.  We're driving this baby back to town... in reverse.
Oh, jeez.
Just drive.  He'll get out of our way.
That's a freakin' fact.  Least of all us.
That's right.  Just drive toward him.  He'll move.  Nobody wants to die.
We're gonna scare him?!
Yeah... We're gonna scare him.
Why?  Because I've seen enough horror movies to know masked weirdos are never friendly.
Why?
Darren, we better turn around.
I admit nothing without talking to my lawyer.
You admit the sign did say "Camp Forest Green," with an arrow pointing this way.
Well, who told me to take this cow path?
Will you slow down?  It's hard enough to read this thing.
Sheriff, you better take this.
You just sit tight, Jason.  Once the authorities from Carpenter get here, you'll...
Happy Friday the 13th.
Whaddya mean?
He sure chose the right day to pull this shit.
Better get out the Hefty Bags... Looks like our boy desperately wants us to believe his story.
I wish it was.
Is that all you found?
Better call an ambulance first.
Maybe we better call that psychiatric clinic.
I'm getting real tired of this maniac.
But that's no what worries me the most...It's how far he'll go to try and prove it.
He really believes Jason's still alive, doesn't he?
It's kinda frightening to think that a kid like that can go so far over the edge.  Jason really screwed up the poor sonofabitch's mind.
I could swear I heard...
Ahh, nothing.
Yeah, but the game's not over until it's over.
Of course not.  If he hasn't already accidentally pelleted himself, I'm sure he's lost.
You don't know for sure.  What about Roy?  Nobody's seen him.
Come on, you guys!  The game's over!!
See any paint?...  ...Sorry, guys, I did in Mr. Commando.  Survival is the name of the game, and that flag is mine.
Now wait a second!  I thought Burt shot you.
....with a woman's touch.
It's a damn company executive game, and she's a damn company exec.
Never should've let her play.
This is a man's game.  Requiring a man's cunning and intelligence...
You become a whole other person when you're out here, Stan.  And I don't like it.
Yeah, that's fat too.
My ass.
That's your problem, Larry. That's why your sales are always below quota.  Your instinct to eat is stronger than your instinct to win.
This is taking forever.  I'm starving.
Once we nail Roy, that's it. Victory is ours.
Yes, Megan.  Tommy Jarvis is a killer.  A very deranged boy who wants you to believe that...
No.  No, it's not...
And make sure my daughter stays put...  ...She's grounded.
Daddy, what is going on?
Rick.  Keep and eye on our wacko kid.  I'll be back as soon as I can.
We have!  Trying to track you down.  The phone there is disconnected.
Can't you at least call the camp and make sure everything's all right?
All he's asking is for you to check it out.
...And I said, shut up!
He is.  Only Tommy wants to prove the legend is true...  ...You stay put.  And I'm not kidding.
I thought Jason was only a legend?
Not what...who.  Seems your boyfriend wants people to believe Jason has returned.
What it is?
You watch that smart-mouthing, young lady.
How do you know?  Did you take his temperature?
When you stop acting like one... Tommy Jarvis is a very sick boy. And you...
When are you going to stop treating me like one!
Megan, take your friends back to the camp.  I'll let you know if I hear anything about your counselors.
But, Dad, we...
Megan, get away from him.  He's dangerous.
Jason who?
Megan, my deputies have more important things to do than look for camp counselors with car trouble.
Come on, Dad.  You could have Rick drive down Cunningham Road and look for them.
Yes.  And I said, hand me those padlocks.
Did you hear me?!
Whew...Okay, hand me those padlocks.
I hope so.
They did show up.  Isn't that great?
Crystal Lake...where the nightmare began.
Lake Forest Green?
It probably wouldn't have any effect on him.  The only sure way to stop Jason is to return him to his original resting place, where he drowned in 1957.
Are you sure this is gonna work? I mean, why didn't we bring that gun and just blast him away?
I thank you for getting me out. But I gotta finish what I started.
Wait a minute. I just...
Sorry, Megan.  Not this time.
Come and get it.
Okay, give it back.
'Cause it stinks.
Why?
No.
There...Ya happy?
What's it to ya?
So what are ya drawin'?
It's just beginning.
It's all over.
Okay.  There's one.
You got it.  Just keep an eye out for roadblocks.
Then let's get goin'.  We can argue on the way.  You tell me what you need...  ...I'll make sure you get in.
Uh...yes.  But...
Didn't you say you needed some supplies to do this?
Hide it behind the gas station. Then we can get the hell out of here.
What?
I already have a very good idea what could've happened...  ...Megan, Jason is out there.  He has to be stopped.  I'm positive he's heading back to the lake area.  He'll keep killing until...
Tommy, my father is out looking for you right now.  Something happened tonight and he's sure you're responsible.  If he finds you, he'll...
Yeah, hi.  Listen, I've got to talk to your dad.  About Jason. I've got a plan.  I need to buy some things first but mainly need help to...
Shhh...You know what I used to do when I was a little girl when I got scared?
But what I get scared again?
I'm sure Cort and Sissy are back in their cabins.  So you just go back to sleep and don't worry.
We'll scare 'em right back.
But what if they try and scare us?
Who ya calling?
I can't believe no one called back.  I better...
Huh?
That's debatable.
Are they grown-ups?
Well, grown-ups think it's funny to be scared.
Why?
You know what?  Sissy and Cort are playing jokes.  You know, trying to scare each other.
I found it outside.
Where'd you get this?
No more.
...Good.  So no more bad dreams can come around here, huh?
Well, Nancy, I'm Paula... remember?  This is Sissy, and we're gonna be right out there all night so nothing can hurt you. Okay?...
Nancy.
Okay, listen...what's your name, sweetie?
No, he was real.  Like on TV.
You mean you had a bad dream.
There was this monster.  He was after me.  He wanted to kill me.
So what happened?
I think somebody's messin' around out there.
What's goin' on?
Yeah, he was gonna check out "things that go bump in the night."
He didn't say anything?
I don't know.  He called somebody, then took off.
I just realized something. Where's Cort?  I haven't seen him for hours.
Yeah, we're here.
Hi.  Everything's all right now. We're here.
Of course not.  She probably took him a loaf of bread with a saw hidden in it.  I still don't get it.  Why him?  I mean, he's cute alright, but...
No...Did Megan say when she's coming back from her...visit?
Why not?  I used to play it alone. I love murder games.  Have you ever played The Consulting Detective?
Huh?  Oh, come on, Sis.  I'm tellin' ya, we can't play Clue with just two people.
Okay, okay.  I suggest that the crime was committed in the bedroom, by Colonel Mustard, with the knife.
You gotta be kidding!
Boy scouting.
Which is?
Are you ready?  He's taken our young men off to teach them my favorites sport.
So where's Cort gone off to?
All the little kids arrive today. We're not ready to deal with that alone.
It's just that Darren and Lizbeth are in charge of organizing and setting up the new campgrounds.
Yeah...They should've paid their bill.
Doesn't that tell you something?!
If I had you where I really wanted you, they'd be pumping your ass full of formaldehyde.
You got me where you want me. There's no reason not...
Please don't do anything crazy.
With extreme car, for God's sake. If that kid is with her, there's every good chance he'll do something crazy.
Jason's not in his coffin!  Hawes is!  Dig it up!  You gotta dig it up!!
Don't concern yourself, Martin. This boy needs treatment.  We're taking care of it.  Sorry for the disturbance.
Please, Sheriff.  You'll see we dug it up.
I've seen it.
I gotta show you Jason's grave.
But they have to be warned, Sheriff.  Jason will return to the area that's familiar.  No matter what you call it, it's still Camp Crystal Lake to him.
I was going to call the clinic and have them collect your ass.  But I don't want you around here any longer poisoning my daughter, or anyone else, with your warped mind.
No!...  ... You kids better leave.  This boy here is not well and I need to talk to him in private.
Yes!
I got a bad feeling of what might've happened to them.
I sympathize with you kids.  The best I can do is call the station in Carpenter and have them keep a lookout for them.
You're gonna be sorry if you don't shut the fuck up.
You're gonna be sorry you didn't listen to me.
Either you go to sleep or I'll come in there and put you out.
If you'd just go to the cemetery, you'll see I'm not lying.
They were gonna!  But some asshole sent a lot of money to give Jason and his mother a decent burial. Now look, you just lie down and get some rest.  In the morning I'll call that clinic and see if they...
Why didn't you cremate him?!
There's no time for this bullshit...
No problem, Rick.  Come over and meet a former resident here, Tommy Jarvis.  He's got some kinda prank going about...
Yes, but they released me because...
And you've been at some psychiatric clinic ever since, haven't you?
Yeah.  Jason murdered them and...
Aren't you the kid whose mother and friends were....
Tommy Jarvis.  We gotta do something.  He's even more powerful now that...
Hold it.  Whoa... What's your name, son?
Jason is alive.  We dug up his body.  I was gonna cremate it and...
Don't piss me off, junior.  Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
Will you listen, dammit!
Now you better cool out a minute, boy.  You already almost got your head blown to pieces.
-- yeah, yeah, yeah.  You just have your hundred grand ready.  For that you get the machete...the mask...the whole damn thing.
Mr. Duke tonight I'm prepared to offer you your sum of one hundred thousand dollars, payable only after you provide American Casefile with incontrovertible proof of --
Skin stretcher was human.
I understand.  However, our audience should be aware that you only charged forty thousand dollars to catch the Idaho skin stretcher.
-- look, just shut up.  Let's cut through the shit.  You asked me here because you want me to catch and kill Jason Voorhees for ya'.  I'll do it, but it won't be easy...and it won't be cheap.  One hundred grand, non- negotiable.
In the media, you've frequently been described as "salty" --
Yeah, that'd be a big shame...
Well, let's hope not!
They coulda danced a jig on it an' fed it to goats -- don't matter.  Ya' can't kill Jason by gettin' rid of his body.  He'll come back the way he always do, to drag the kiddies into the darkness and crush their little skulls -- maybe even your skull, Mr. Campbell.
-- But this time they bombed him and then cremated the body.
Eight times.  They've burned him, dipped him in nuclear waste --
Eight times.
How many times has Jason been reported killed before, Mr. Campbell?
Mr. Duke, how can you claim that Jason Voorhees is not truly dead?
I'm scared.  I'm very scared.
I'm here.
Steven...
Save your...
The what?
You have to...save...Jessica... Save Jessica and save the...
No.  Not here.  Come by my house tonight at eleven.  Don't be late.
So let's talk.
...but there just may not be enough time.  If you still care about her, if you still want to try to make things better between you two...we should talk.
Yes.
Diana -- you heard from Jessica lately?
That's it, we're done.
I know everything about you, Diana.
You need to leave.
You know what I want.  You know why I need you.
What do you want?
Then maybe I should offer it to your daughter...
Look, I don't want your money!
Thirty.  Name your price.  Everyone has a price, what's yours?
Look --
Twenty.
No, I --
You food'll be right out.
You know he's not...and he's coming for you.
Jason Voorhees is dead.
I'm going to kill Jason Voorhees -- and I need you to help me.
I'm kind of busy right now...
I need to talk to you.
I know who you are.
Yes.
Anything else?
June the 19th.
Hello...
N...nothing.
What's the problem here?
Okay, I'll call you later.
I gotta get back to work.
Yeah, she's good, considering. That kid just takes everything in stride.
Okay.  So how is Jessica?  You talked to her lately?
Ed...
Do you have to ask?
Steven buggin' you?
Not so bad, today.
Legs giving you trouble?
It's going.
Everything going okay?
'Night, Josh.
Good night, beautiful.
Okay.
Everything'll work out.  Trust me on that.
So's he and he knows it.
I'm just too old for going steady, Josh.
Listen...don't you worry about Ed. He'll come around.  He's too good a Sheriff to let you give him the slip.
It's...It's all right.
Sorry, Di.  I was just going to my car.  I didn't mean to frighten you...
Jesus!
You think you can lock me up in this piss-ass prison?  Hell, this place is motel fuckin' six to me.
Lock this asshole up.
Information like that is very expensive and you don't have the balls to pay the price.
Tell me!
Sorry.
Tell me.
For a good reason.
Why did you want her body?
That's what I'd like to know.
Where the fuck is she, Duke?!
Take him to my car.  I'll be out in a minute.
That's very colorful, chief.
I know who you are and the last thing we need around here is some freak show "bounty hunter" making trouble. I want you outta town and I want you outta town now!
Careful, Chief.  I don't think you know who I am.
Goddamnit!
She's your lady only cause she ain't had a taste of the Duke yet.
You're talking about my lady.
Why don't you blow me, Chief.  After your girlfriend gets through.
Get up!
Maybe you should mind your own business.
Maybe you should be moving on.
Yeah.  Sit down a second.  There's something I need to tell you about Steven...
Does he know about what happened?
I was going to, I was going to tell everyone.  I just...didn't expect to be back here so soon.  Is Steven around?
Why didn't you tell me?
She's yours?
Her name's Stephanie.
She's beautiful.
That's all right.  I was just...
Jessica, I'm so sorry.  I...I wanted to have this cleaned up before you got here.
Okay.
I'm gonna get your outta this.  Just hang tight.  Okay?
What am I gonna do -- I'm locked up in a friggin' cell?!
Don't do anything stupid.
Okay.
I'll be back later.  You just be cool, okay.
I know, I know, I'm sorry but the Sheriff is just berserk right now. C'mon.
Are you crazy?!
I'm sorry.  I have to bring you to a cell.
Well?
Gotta go.  See you guys later.
Yeah...
Wanna know how I did that?
Have a good night.
Randy, c'mon!
Sorry, I'm working now.  You see, I have a job...
Randy, you dipshit!  Take these off!
Listen, since I got you on the phone -- ask the guys there if they wanna chip in for a hooker.  I'll send her right over.  Her name is Vicki.
I'm now begging you.
Yeah, well somebody fucked her and if I find out it was you, I'm gonna come over there and shoot you in the head.
Oh my God, Steven.
Is this Anthony?...Yeah, well, I just have one question for you, Anthony -- did you fuck my dog?
Oh, c'mon, would you stop, please?
...and it's now ringing...ringing... and -- Hello? Anthony's Pizzeria? Yeah, this is officer Randy Parker over at the station.
Next, you dial a number.
Steven, c'mon, we're not thirteen...
Showing Vicki what she missed out on by being such a dull kid.  Now, the first thing you need in making a prank call is, of course, a phone.  This one, for instance.
What are you doing?
Absolutely.  The church even sent me an autographed picture of God.  Ward!
It was a community service.
Hell, when Steven was a kid, he was like, having strippers delivered to church Bingos and shit.
I mean, how can you go through life without never having made a prank call?
Jesus, Steven, that's...that's really lovely.
Oh, you stupid, sorry son-of-a- bitch...
She did have a miscarriage, didn't she?  Didn't she?!
My God...you are one sorry son-of-a- bitch.
She did!
-- Miscarriage?!  Who the fuck told you Jessica had a miscarriage?!
No -- she left me!  After her miscarriage, I --
You call what you did bad?!  You knocked her up and then left her!
-- Bad?!
Look, I know I treated her bad --
That's a lie.  Diana would never talk to you about Jessica.  Not after what you did to her.
About Jessica.
About what?
She asked me to come over.  She said she had something to tell me.
Then why were you at her house?!  She didn't want anything to do with you.
I didn't kill her!
You don't know shit!
I know what it sounds like.
The truth?  That Josh, a man I've trusted with my own life on more than one occasion -- let me see if I've got the order right here -- tried to rape Diana...got the back of his head blown off...took a poker through the gut...fell through a plate glass window and then magically disappeared into the night.
I've told you the truth.
Until I hear the truth.
How many times do you want to hear this?
He was dead.  He had to be dead...
Oh, my dear God...
A pizza?!
Ten dollars! Hell, I can't do that to you -- you can have her for a pizza.
I'm literally going to kill you!
She's a waitress at Joey B's but she needs some extra cash.  Ward's the pimp.
Steven!
Disgusting?  Bingo night was sold out for six months after that!  They raised enough money to build a day care center.
That's disgusting.
I'm sorry to hear that.  A famous man once said -- there is no worse regret then a temptation resisted.
I mean really never.
You mean never as in really never, or never as in it was just so stupid you don't want to tell us about it?
Never.
What do you mean you've never made a prank call?
I don't care about being hip anymore.
So what else is new?  Look Eva, you're asking the wrong dude to feel sorry for Tamara Mason. Wise up -- it's not hip to be her friend.
But she might be in trouble...
No. And I'm not losing any sleep over it.
Have you seen Tamara?
Jason...Voorhees?
The Captain's been murdered. The buzz is that Jason might be on board.
What's going on? I heard on the P.A. system that...
But...wait a minute!
I think I'll pass. See you later, okay?
Time to check out the waiters.
Yeah.
That was truly excellent.
Relax, I've got McCulloch covered... but that little narcing bitch niece of his is a different matter.  Rumor has it she's a teensy bit afraid of the water...
What are you going to do?
Nobody related to McCulloch can be nice.
I have her in Creative Writing and she's fairly nice.
A real space cadet. I wonder if she'll narc on us...
Do you realize how many people would kill to be sitting here right now? Come on, it's grad night. You've got your whole life to be uptight.
I guess not.
You're talking to the prom queen, Eva. Do you really think I'm going to risk getting caught?
It's not that, it's just that...  It I get caught, I'll lose my science scholarship and everything.
What? Don't be a lightweight...this is top dollar toot.
No thanks.
You're joking, right?
Sounds good. I hear there's a shuffleboard court on deck -- it might be kinds cool...
I think it's time for some recreational activity, girl.
My stepmom couldn't care less, but Daddy would have a shit fit.  He might even pay some attention to me.
My parents are open minded about that sort of thing.
He's undefeated, you know that?  Julius is the only senior I'd even consider doing it with. If he wasn't black, that is.
Improvise, of course.
What are you going to do?
A major prick.
More or less. It's part of my college fund.
He bought you that?
It's my graduation gift from Daddy. It cost over a thousand bucks but it's the best.
I'm sure we'll have no problem getting them to party with us...especially with this.
Really?
I hear the crew members are cute guys in their twenties.
No.
And I'll never do it again. Forgive me?
And you'll never do it again.
All right, all right -- I'm a major ass.
Hear what?
Did you hear that?
So there's no reason for him to come back because there won't be any of us around...right?
Right.
I mean, Lakeview High just closed its doors for good, right?
Right.
There's nothing to worry about, Suzy. The guy's dead now, somewhere at the bottom of this lake...if you believe the stories.  Let's drop it, okay?
Tell me.
Never mind, you don't want to know about it.
What murders?
Nothing.
What's wrong?
Ask me in about five minutes.
Well...how do you feel?
Don't be ridiculous!
Jason's here in New York.
We have to get off this ship!!
Dear Christ...
Not another word, do you hear me??
This is Jason's fault!
She never should've set foot on this ship. This is your fault!
The fire alarm...
What's that?
What?? You sent her out there with a murderer running around loose??
She's...she's dropping the anchors. I thought the Coast Guard could find us easier if...
Christ...where's Rennie??
It's...dead.
Where's the radio?
She changed her mind.  Let's see...Mr. Wolfe is in stateroom one-eleven and you, Mr. Robertson, are in two-twenty-five.
But I thought...
Rennie's not coming.
Which cabin is Rennie in, Mr. McCulloch?
But I haven't even shown you my biology project...
That's it. You're not setting foot off this ship until we return home.
I packed it. Just for us.
Where did you get that alcohol?
Then I'll make sure you remain on board while your classmates see the sights.
They're out of town.
I'11 be coming around your stateroom in exactly fifteen minutes, Miss Mason. You'd better have your biology project ready or I'm phoning your parents.
Nothing.
What are you doing in here?
Perfectly.
All right. But if it mysteriously disappears en route, I'll have you sent back home the minute we dock. Understood?
My niece's life hangs in the balance right now!! Every second counts.
I don't think that's such a safe idea
Everyone split up -- we'll cover more ground that way.
A wonderful choice of places to dock a boat, Mr. Robertson.
There must be a phone around here somewhere.
Nothing! I went to her cabin and...
What did you do with Rennie??
Use some common sense! Setting off a fire alarm causes panic...the same kind of panic caused by suggesting Jason Voorhees is on board.  Enough is enough.
What are you talking about?
I doubt very much that one even exists.
He's the son of the Captain, for Chrissakes. You'd think he'd be able to operate this thing!
He's doing the best he can, Charles.
She's locked safe in her room, no thanks to either of you.  Has he brought it back on course yet?
Did you find Rennie?
Walking corpses are not real!
But that doesn't prove that he's the one!
That lunatic has been spouting off about Jason since we boarded...  It's no coincidence.
What are you doing??
Oh dear God...
I demand to know what is going on...
Where is she?
I thought I told you to stay away from her.
Oh, I can see that. You've done a wonderful job of supervising the kids, Miss Van Deusen.
She's fine, Charles. Take it easy...
No, I think it's just the beginning.
I'm her legal guardian, not you or anybody else, and I alone know what's best for her. End of discussion.
And she sure doesn't have one now, either. She needs to live.
She doesn't know what she wants. She's never had a stable life.
And neither do you. It's up to Rennie to decide what she wants to do.
You have no right...
Charles, there's someone else coming along too.
Let's go -- we're running two minutes late.
Don't be. They probably decided to explore each other rather than New York.
Jim Miller and Suzy Donaldson never showed up. I'm a little concerned.
Hello, Charles. Has everyone checked in?
You can and you will! Swim, Rennie!
I...I can't...
Am I? Let's find out.
You're telling a lie.
Oh, he is indeed. And ready to pull down anybody who falls in and can't swim.
He is not.
He never learned how either and he's still at the bottom of this lake.
I'll take some lessons this time. I promise.
You've been coming out here every summer for the last three years, young lady, and you still haven't learned how.
Perfect for a swim, isn't it?
What a beautiful day.
I was only trying to teach you. But I pulled you out, Rennie. I saved your life.
You pushed me...
You can and you will!!
I...I can't...
Get in the boat, Rennie!
This isn't a request.
I'm not staying in my room, Uncle Charles.
Whatever you've been...imagining... has nothing to do with Jason Voorhees.  I want you to be safe, Rennie. That's all I care about.
But what about the drowning boy I've been seeing?
I refuse to discuss this ridiculous notion that a ghoul is terrorizing this ship.
Can't we at least talk about it?
I'm the one you should be listening to! Do you think dropping an anchor in the middle of a storm makes any sense whatsoever?
But Sean said...
You had me worried to death!
I'm staying.
Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.
I don't even know why I'm afraid, Uncle Charles. I can't even remember when it started. Don't you think it's time I found out and got over it?
Why are you doing this to yourself?
She didn't push me into coming.
If Miss Van Deusen knew how afraid you were of...
I'm staying.
You're making a big mistake, Rennie. It's not too late to put you back on land.
Only one young boy ever drowned in that lake, and that was before you were even born. His name was Jason Voorhees.
No. It was just a normal summer. I've never been able to figure it out.
Did you have an accident in the lake?
After your parents passed away?
About four years ago...at Crystal Lake. I spent a few summers there with Uncle Charles inbetween boarding school.
When did this start?
Whenever I get near the water, I see this young boy drowning. He tries to pull me down with him.
Maybe not. But you're not telling me everything, are you?
It's not that simple.
I had a skiing accident in high school, broke my left leg. It took three winters before I would even look at the snow again...but the solution kept eluding me.  I finally took lessons. I've never broken a bone since.
I gathered that.
I can't swim.
There's something I haven't told you...
I seem to detect a hint of ingenuousness in your tone.  In other words, level with me.
Yeah...a lot.
So, are you having fun yet?
No, but I'm sure Toby's fine. The ship's only so big and there's certainly no way off it, is there?
Have you seen my dog anywhere?
Rennie -- I was just on my way over to your room
Rennie, you're the best student I ever had...you have a real gift. If anybody can make use of that pen, it's you.
I don't know what to say...
Stephen King supposedly used it when he was in high school.
That's wonderful, Miss Van Deusen...what's it about?
Since the school is closing anyway, I'm going to write that novel I've been threatening on everybody.
Really?
Did you know that I'm giving up teaching?
Just felt a little chill.
Everything okay?
What about not-so-great writers?
You let me worry about him, okay?  Personal experiences are what fuel the minds of great writers, Rennie. You made the right decision.
Me too. But I'm not sure Uncle Charles will be.
I'm glad you decided to come after all.
Give me the degrees first, followed by minutes and sec...
I've got the numbers.
The LORAN has a digital printout of your latitude and longitude. Give me the coordinates and we'll be there as quick as we can.
Yes...
Is your ship equipped with Omega satellite navigation or LORAN?
I...I don't know...
What is your location?
The Captain and Chief Engineer... they've been...they're dead.
Please, hurry...
You have to call the police...
Drugs...  Then Jason came. He's here, Sean.
Rennie...what'd they do to you??
I'm not!!
But Rennie...
I'm not going near any lifeboat!
We'll be okay. I want you to wait by the lifeboats, just in case.
Is the ship going to sink??
Rule one, don't panic. Rule two, assess the damage and act accordingly...
The window...
Rennie...??
Just radio for help, okay???
I didn't mean for you to go!
The bow...front of the ship. There's a hoist on each side that lowers them
Where are they?
I think so. But we have to lower the anchors so we don't drift any further...
What do you mean???
I don't know...we've gone off course or something...
If I go with you, he'll never speak to me again.  But I'm never going to live up to his expectations anyway...so maybe it's the right thing to do.
What about you?
Not completing a voyage is against everything he stands for. But I think I can convince him to call a Coast Guard cutter for you.
Can he really take us home?
I want to go home. I want off this ship.
It's okay...you're going to be okay.
I'd love to.
I thought maybe we could hike to the top of the Statue when we got there, if you felt like it. It's supposed to be 22 stories tall.
Forget it. It's a dumb little thing anyway.
But I didn't get you one...
I got you a present.
We changed our minds.
I heard you weren't coming.
Hi, Sean.
Rennie...
That's where I peed.
Under the Manhattan Bridge.
I drove twelve hours straight through. Ate at the wheel.
I was barrister in Kenya. I said to him, get off from here. I cannot drive with your body on my windscreen.
I never left the garage without my Windex.
Do not inhale.
Contaminated substance. Very dangerous. Shooting mud.
We must abandon.
Ruptured steam pipe.
What do you mean, we must abandon?
We must abandon.
Very bad today.
Crosstown.
You are going where?
I wrapped my sandwiches in tinfoil. I ate and drove. I had one of those big checkered cabs.
I loved my taxi. Went twelve hours nonstop. Stopped only to pee. I peed under the Manhattan bridge. Peed many times in parks and playgrounds.
Big mess every time.
What did you find?
I opened thousands of brains.
Very big.
I used to be head of neurosurgery. Big hospital in USSR. This hospital, I'm not kidding.
Where you're going, mister?
I used to drive a taxi.
Isn't she great? What did I tell you? A talent.
Alla puttanesca.
Say it again.
Elliot Litvak. Have you been ill? And Mr. Rogan. How nice.
This is a great young out-of-work actress.
Elliot?
Paisley Porter. I didn't know you were waiting tables.
Guys ready to order?
She was very evasive.
Had to be him.
About an hour and a half ago. I saw her come out of a place. She said she was visiting a friend. But she wouldn't tell me who.
What do you mean?
Paisley Porter.
How do you Eknow.
Keep going west. Last building before the river.
Shoot him, Nicky. Not that we really mean it. But where does he live?
The American theater doesn't need people like that.
Shoot him.
There are things that speak to us from the past.
What?
`The most interesting thing about Elliot Litvak is that he writes the way he looks -- fuzzy, grubby and shifty-eyed.'  I'm telling you as a friend.
We were thinking of putting in a pool.
He'll kill it. He'll write a review so devastating it will shatter your career and cause the most unmanageable psychic grief. What happens to your apartment on the East River? Your house in Connecticut, where you watch things grow.
He'll hate it.
It's your best play, Nicky.
In other words why should we suffer silently at this kind of abuse? The man is out there ruining lives.
We're talking about something deeper than grudges. How do we respond to personal attack?
I'm not a lonely spooky writer like you. Nursing a hundred grudges. I'm a man who loves life.
No, we're not.
We're making too much of this.
That was a big mistake.
I gave it away. I thought, I'm a writer now.
Where is it?
I used to carry a gun when I drove a cab.
Then you should carry a gun.
He carries a gun.
What about the haircut?
Don't wait Efor me.
Where are you going?
I don't have the problems that artists have.
The man has taken over my mind. He's not only out there. He's in my head and I can't get rid of him. I can't write a word without imagining his response. I'm paralyzed as an artist.
Here we go.
I'm not ready.
Do not inhale.
You say we go?
I say we go.
I think we Nought to wait.
Do we care?
Is it safe?
I said, `I'm dead'. He killed me.
What was it like?
Do you want me to tell you what it was like, reading that review at the newstand with trucks rumbling past and street vendors facing Mecca?
A year and a half later? You're still brooding?
I recite it to myself with masochistic relish.
That's awful.
Steven Schwimmer. I memorized every word of this review.
And he was there?
Before his Broadway days. He reviewed the one-act I did at the Fulton Fish Market. We did this play at four AM, outdoors in the rain. One performance. For the fish handlers.
What happened eighteen months ago?
That's what I said eighteen months ago.
What's the fuss? I don't get it.
It is just a review. Do not inhale. Very dangerous.
It's just a review.
You will suffer because he is in the theater. And you will suffer a thousandfold when his review appears.
You mean because What's-His-Name.
Shit. They don't have any carrot soup.
Tonight. What's tonight?
Tonight you find out what it means to suffer.
Suffering. You exude a person who sits in a small dark apartment eating soft white bread.
What do I exude?
You used to love life. You don't exude this any more.
I can tell you the year, the day, the night, the minute.
I'm trying to think. When did you start looking so terrible? You look awful.
Do not inhale.
We must abandon.
Asbestos lining.
Very dangerous.
Joanna Bourne. So rich and crisp. This woman lets you touch her body? You put your hands on her personal parts?
Don't needle me, Elliot. Tell me how bad you feel. We're suppose to feel bad together. This is what friends do.
But didn't we know it would happen?
I'm completely stunned. I don't want this to happen.
That sounds so final. But are we really surprised?
It's over, finished and done with.
Don't talk like that.
She wants a divorce.
How is Lillian? I haven't seen her.
Ride with me. We need a haircut.
Press a button and they give us money.
You're an artist. I'm a craftsman.
Quietly effective.
Shut up, Elliot.
A lovely piece of theater. Small but important.
I don't want to hear about it.
Nicky. I was thinking about you. I went to the preview last night.
You're not making sense. Make sense.
Did you see the winning run score?
Of course I saw it.
Yes. What are you implying?
What are we talking about?
What are you talking about?
I think you're a little confused. Nothing personal friend.
Classic.
Unbelievable.
Great game.
This could be it.
This could be it.
Does what feel comfortable?
Does it feel comfortable?
This could be it.
This could be it.
This could be it.
This could be it.
This could be it.
This could Pbe it.
Let's work on it.
Let's work on it.
This could be it.
This could be it.
He will absolutely hate it.
They'll lose because they're my team.
It's your best play, Nicky.
It's all worked out. They'll lose tonight. Then they'll lose tomorrow. I see it with stunning clarity.
It makes me so mad. Steven Schwimmer ready to strike. The exterminating angel.
The Red Sox blow a chance to win their first World Series since 1918. You expect me to miss that for an opening night?
I used to tell myself. Talent is more erotic when it's wasted. Will I see you tonight?
We don't even like each other, do we?
Because we're completely mismatched.
In and out of bed.
We're able to surprise each other.
This is how we've managed to last.
I'm proud of this play. It's so different from anything you've done.
It can't be all that personal.
Three games to two. But if you know their history, you realize there's a tragedy in the making. I've been carrying this franchise on my back since I was six years old.
You mean the World Series? I thought the Red Sox were winning.
The Red Sox
What?
They can send their heartless brilliant boy-critic. There's a much bigger thing going on than tonight's opening.
Ever since he started reviewing the Broadway theater, nobody in this business has been worried about anything else.
Look. All I want is a haircut. I'm not worried about this guy.
Steven Schwimmer. The most powerful critic in America gets his first crack at Nicky Rogan.
About what?
That's not all, Nicky. I've been backing your plays for fifteen years. And I've never been more depressed.
I've got bigger problems, Joanna. Personal problems.
They're watching him closely. There's a special rehearsal set for this afternoon. To bolster his confidence. And that's not all.
Can he get through it?
Peter Redmond. They found out why he can't remember his lines. There's something living in his brain. A parasite he picked up in Borneo, doing the movie.
Our Peter?
Apparently it didn't help. You know about Peter, of course.
I talked to her two days ago.
She died.
She's dying.
What about her?
You know about Adele.
Alan's very sick. He has to go to New Mexico and sit in a lukewarm solution.
I hear Alan's sick.
Last night. Alan Albright called me a handsome woman. Second time he's done that. Son of a bitch.
Daddy, wait.
I see the outline of your body in chalk on this very floor.
There's nothing left for me to lie about.
Will I believe you when you tell me something?
Everything.
What will we talk about?
I'll see you all the time. I'll get a place right nearby. One room. No distractions. We'll talk.
Except I won't have a father anymore.
Look. I'm sorry you keep running into dishonest men. But you're only eighteen. We can still turn it around.
I'm not sure.
Can we talk later? Will you be at the party?
I have a class. I'm late.
And you blame me. It's because we never talk. Let's talk.
I don't have a date. I don't want a date.
Take it yourself. Take a date.
Rogan, Laurel. You also have a Rogan, Lillian. She won't need it. Sell it.
I know -- why should a bitter divorce interfere with tradition?
Opening night?
Thanks, Daddy. But I just need one. Mother's not going.
Laurel. Tickets are all set. I double-checked.
This person and I are a thing of the total past. I promise you.
I didn't turn her into Mother. You did.
Don't call her Mother all the time. It makes her sound tragic and unforgiving. What happened to Mom?
Mother won't tell me how long you've been seeing this person. She's embarrassed to tell me. So why don't you tell me?
Your mother and I have something between us that's too strong to damage permanently. Believe me, I know this. That's right, nineteen years. And what about the days and minutes? Sharing small moments, sharing memories, raising a beautiful child. We're wedded in the deepest and strongest ways. Lillian isn't only my wife. She's my best friend.
She is kicking you out.
You're too young to be studying criminal behavior. It's making you obsessive.
Oh please. Not now.  She wants you to stop seeing What's- Her-Name. Finally. Now and forever. Do you think that's too much to ask? For a wife of nineteen years.
Don't be so steely-eyed. It's that course you're taking in criminology.
Because you refuse to believe she's serious. You've always refused.
I just had breakfast with her. She didn't say a word about this.
Because they get outstanding settlements. And Mother is determined that this time there's no turning back.
If lawyers for the mob are called controversial, why are divorce lawyers called prominent?
And he hears it the same time I hear it? What happened to family secrets?
She's doing like those Iranians. `I divorce thee. I divorce thee. I divorce thee'
Don't talk like that. How prominent? What are you implying?
Is it?
That's completely crazy.
So at the intermission I can listen to the ball game. Do you know that mother is seeing a prominent divorce lawyer?
Why do you need a radio?
I'm seeing your play tonight, remember?
What do you want to talk about? I'll talk about anything. What's this?
I don't drink coffee, Daddy. And this is not what we should be talking about.
Do you want to get some coffee?
I go to college. I thought you knew.
I never see you anymore. Where are you all day?
And Peter Redmond helped immensely. These pauses were exquisitely timed. He made us wait and wait. He built a gorgeous tension and suspense.
See, Daddy.
An artistry and sensitivity you've never shown before.
What else?
I've seen it twice. I went back tonight to be sure. It's a brave and honest piece of work.
See, Daddy.
It's your best play, Nicky.
Yes. And no more evasive tactics.
Yes.
Am I really so deeply repugnant?
You won't even tell me your name. What's shocking about a name?
Even if the truth about a person is sad or depressing or shocking?
Knowing who a person is. Down deep.
What's sexy?
Deception isn't something I personally consider sexy.
Mystery. Deception.
What do we want?
We're strangers in the night. The last thing we want is honesty.
I have this thing where I have to know a person is being honest with me before, you know, I can feel completely free to be myself.
This building is not secure.
Yes.
If you're wondering about the firearm.
A flat-out hit.
What else?
Packs an emotional wallop.
What else?
Brilliantly moving.
First you tell me.
You have to tell me what you thought of the play.
Names are incredibly intimate. We barely know each other. Trust me on this.
I'm willing to tell you my name.
It's only our first date.
Why won't you tell me your name?
I feel great. I feel impeccably alive. I'm elated. Eat something. Please. I love you.
I'm glad we're having this talk.
We did it in the office. She thought her apartment was too impersonal.
I never thought of Dr. Wetzel as having a sex life outside the office.
It was an animal thing. No real intimacy.
It violates so many trusts.
I am really, deeply sorry.
She's my gynecologist.
I'm a man. She's, you know, a woman.
Nicky, no. This is insupportable. How could you?
Alma Wetzel.
Joanne Bourne.
I had an affair -- are you sure you want to hear this?
I want to know. We haven't talked this way in years.
There may be things you'd rather not know about.
Be open with me. I'd like that.
Laurel wants us to be honest and open. Let's be open with each other.
That's very lovely actually.
I went because you went. You smoked because I smoked.
I'd forgotten that.
You smoked because I smoked. We were falling in love, remember? I used to see certain movies only because you had seen them. I wanted to see what you saw.
You know why, don't you? Because I am patient, chain-smoking Lillian.
And you've been extremely patient.
That's always been my problem.
The whole thing is my fault. I took unfair advantage of your patience and understanding. You understand me.
Who the hell cares?
Opening night, Lillian.
Bring me the bay scallops with mercury poisoning.
I don't want to be responsible for his food. Just a small green salad. And a Perrier.
I'll have whatever she's having.
He has his own submarine. I'll be getting everything that matters. I'll get New York and I'll get Connecticut.
How prominent?
I've been talking to a prominent divorce lawyer.
All right. What's been going on?
I want to be fair-minded, Nicky.
We stranded five runners in the first two innings. This will come back to haunt us.
I've been looking for you because I want to let you know what's been going on before you read about it in a gossip column.
Two-all after six.
Your father said you might be here.
Life is real.
Life is true.
This could be it!
This could be it!
You're hurting my head.
A thousand things.
What did it say?
It's Stanley. It's the Steamer. Fate has spoken to this man in the depths of the night.
One more out.
Washed away.
All the failures, all the fatalism.
I don't know if I can say that.
People are dependable.
Life is good.
Life is good.
They're always winning. Until they lose.
Great game. Red Sox are winning.
I respect a kid who does his homework in a taxi. But let's put a lid on the questions.
What's it like to shoot somebody?
This place becomes famous. Tour buses. Blind people feeling around for bullet holes in the wall.
What happens if somebody comes in here right now and shoots you?
Show him who we are.
What do you want me to do?
So what are you going to do about it?
I was in a hurry to do big things, make big mistakes. Any mistakes were okay as long as it was big. But I'm trying to see these things clearly and honestly. That's the play they're going to kill starting tonight. There's a guy out there getting ready to rip it apart. And that's us. Who we were and where we come from.
You tell your friends your father used to work the docks. Callused hands. But you had an attitude when you were growing up that wasn't easy for your mother and me to understand.
Normal boy's ambition. I like coming back. You know that.
You didn't think it was okay when you lived here. You wanted to get out so fast I thought you were running a marathon.
I think the building's okay. At least for the time being.
I'm lucky they don't knock down the building. It could happen anytime. And everything worth remembering is right here.
I know, Pop.
`Why doesn't he come live with us?' Because everything is here.
I'll go get you another one. You have to wear it.
I lost it. I lose everything.
You're suppose to wear it when your back gives you trouble.
I can't find it.
Where's your elastic brace?
My back is killing me.
Let's not start that again.
Since when did that matter?
Hey, Pop. I know you don't like the commotion of opening night. But I especially want you to see this play. It's new territory for me. And for you too. I have to know what you think.
Don't make me sit through one of your plays.
You'll need these. Tonight. For the play.
I could have grown up happy. A Yankee fan. A divorce lawyer.
But the son is suppose to stop crying.
It's all connected, Pop. It's one life. Baseball is memory. How do fathers and sons show their love? They go to a ball game together. Thirty-five years later, they sit in the kitchen and remember.
It's one thing for kids. You get older, you Nhave other things.
Remember 1949? Last two games of the season. Against the Yankees. The Sox lost on Saturday. Then they lost on Sunday. First I cried for twenty-four hours. Then I had fist- fights the rest of the week.
The Red Sox are your problem. I never understood about you and the Red Sox. Everybody rooted for the Yankees.
Of course they're gonna lose. We'll watch them lose. What good is heartbreak if we don't experience it firsthand?
They're only gonna lose.
I do know the answer to that. Why don't we watch the ball game later? We'll go to Mannion's.
You know the answer to that.
Lillian says it once a week. `Why doesn't he come live with us?'
Five's not so many. There were families with seven kids. A grandmother. A dimwit uncle.
We must have been heroic.
Get yourself something to eat.
It's a constant shock to me, how small this place is. How did we do it? Five people in these little rooms.
It was rummy, not poker. But I'll take a chance and let you in.
Across Ninth Avenue. Dodgie's. Where you've been getting your hair cut for fifty years. Where Uncle Billy and Uncle Marty got their hair cut. Where Jim Rorty shot a man for cheating at poker.
Where does Nicky get his hair cut?
I'm on my way to get a haircut.
If it's you, what are you doing here?
Where are your glasses? Go get them.
Nicky comes on Sunday's.
It's me. Nicky.
What do you want?
Right here. At the door.
Where the hell are you?
Pop, will you let me in?
Go way. I'll call a cop.
I'm at the door.
Who is it?
This could be it!
This could be it!
It's a test all right. They're bringing in Stanley.
Don't worry. It's a test.
Because faith is rewarded.
Because life is good.
Washed away.
All the times I died when the Red Sox lost an important game they should have won. All the awful things I said to my mother and father. To Tmy wife and daughter.
He used to love losers. But the laws of physics changed.
Because God loves a winner.
This is something no one has been privileged to see in almost seventy years. Very few people now alive can say that they have seen what you are about to see, Matthew. The Red Sox win a World Series. This is deeply, intensely personal. All the mistakes I've made, all the envy, fear and violence that's encased in this little envelope we call a person -- all washed away in the next few minutes. And your grandmother knows why.
Matthew.
I don't know.
Speak it like it's real. Matthew.
Life is good.
Then say it.
I want to say it because my whole life may depend on these next few moments.
Say it and you'll believe it. Life is good. Say it.
If you believed, you wouldn't be walking around with a handgun in your belt. What does that tell me? You want to make the night come down.
I want to believe.
You're afraid to risk believing. Believe in them. Believe in your self. Take a risk. It will humanize you as a person.
"It looked extremely rocky for the Boston nine that day."
You made him strike out. You wished it on him. You want to lose. It's too hard for you to believe in something. It's hard to have faith. It's hard Nwork to trust somebody.
It may be work but it's not honest work. Faith is the real work.
Winning is easy. Losing is complicated. It's a lifetime's work.
Your problem is you take the easy way out. Losing is easy.
It's a simple subject.
It's a complicated subject.
And the people he hurts the most are the people who love him. Despite who he is and what he does for a living. We're always saying we want to take control of our lives. You don't want to take control. You want to lose control. Jesus knows it.
I don't know Toyota. What does he do?
An how many years does it take a person to make his family safe and secure and happy, and then in one dumb moment, what does he do?
Wife and daughter. My father's still alive. He outlives me, starting tonight. Because the Mets just tied the score. It was only a matter of time, wasn't it?
You're a family man, Frankie?
It's complicated. It's a whole life. A person doesn't commit an act of violence out of nowhere. There are strong forces at work.
Go on, tell him. Tell the truth. Tell him how you feel, shooting a piece of hot metal in somebody's flesh who was once a child, who was once the same age as this boy. Somebody's flesh who was innocent once.
That's my cousin, Angelo.
Frankie Lazzaro. Coming down the courthouse steps every day in the media. Children see this. They think you're the Secretary of the Treasury.
Hey, Toyota. He asked me a question.
You're charming the boy.
What am I doing?
You see what you're doing, don't you?
Look, we're stuck here front and back. It's dinnertime for you, game time for me. Let's park the cab and go to Mannion's. What do you say, Matthew? We'll drink beer and talk baseball.
That's a simple subject.
Now that's a complicated subject.
This is one charming crook. If shooting people is charming.
It's the kid's lucky day.
He does bless me, each and every day. Matthew's mother works a hospital shift, so I pick him up at school. We stop for a meal usually around this time. He does his homework and gets some experience meeting people. But we never had a famous mobster before.
A grandmother. God bless you.
Matthew's my grandson.
How come you got the kid with you?
Might be an accident on the West Side Highway.
Call me Frankie. And it looks like we're going nowhere.
The most charming gangster in New England. Where are we going, Mr. Lazzaro?
Some little kid stole the hubcaps.
Matthew, look at him. When I lived in Roxbury, the media followed this man everywhere. He was bigger than ten movie stars.  Where's your white Lincoln limo?
Oh yeah?
You're Frankie Lazzaro. The gangster from Rhode Island.
Everybody else does. Why not you?
I'm looking at you trying to think. Put your face in the mirror. I know I recognize you from somewhere.
You're out of bullets.
And you're not saying that because of the gun in my hand?
What about my play?
When I traveled through Asia this summer, I went to tremendous trouble and expense to rent a car with a phone so I could call up Sports Phone in New York and get the scores. I drove through the war in Afghanistan calling Sports Phone like every hour on the hour, for updates.
I was six years old the day Pesky hesitated throwing home and Slaughter scored all the way from first. That's when I knew the Red Sox were my team. Pity and terror.
Because I can't bear to watch. When they lose, I die inside. It's like some little person named Steve just crumples up and dies. I wait for the scores. I still die, hearing the scores, but it's over in a second. I can't survive the game pitch by pitch, inning by inning. I've done it too many times. And I can't do it anymore.
If you're such a devoted fan, why were you at the play tonight instead of the game? Answer carefully. This is important. You could have gone to the theater last night. There was no game last night.
The Red Sox were my world. I surrendered my existence to a team that couldn't win the big one.
I went to college in Boston so I could be near the Red Sox. I took summer classes and the cut them to go to the game. My wife is from Boston. Lillian Ziegler?
They're my team, too. I grew up on Boyleston Street. Right by Fenway Park. I went to fifty or sixty games a year. All by myself. I was one of those kids with scabby elbows. I called out to the players. `Look over here. Hi, I'm Steven. My parents are divorced.'
No. They're not your team. They're my team.
They're my team.
Why do you care?
If they lost tonight, they'll lose tomorrow. It's all over.
Why does it matter?
Then they lost?
You're dangling from the last letter of your last name.
I've had three straight washouts, Sidney.
Too late. All the elements are in place. Delay the opening and we lose the theater.
Postpone. We have every right.
Well I am. Worried sick. Everybody quotes Steven Schwimmer. He's here to announce the death of civilization. He kills a play every time he farts.
'm not worried about this kid.
So what happened since? You're worried about this kid who writes these reviews?
hat was this morning.
I had lunch with Joanna. She said she told you about Peter. You weren't concerned, she said.
appreciate that, Sidney. But our leading man can't remember his lines. And his understudy can't carry the play.
Joanna loves this play. She has sunk tons of money. She is completely Ncommitted.
aybe we ought to postpone the opening.
You're not making sense.
Game six is history,pal.
Eleventh inning. What else?
Hurry back. Hurry back to what?
Have to hurry back.
When the Mets lose, they just lose. It's a flat feeling. But the Red Sox -- here we have a rich history of interesting ways to lose a crucial game. Defeats that keep you awake, that pound in your head like the hammer of fate.
How come?
I hate the Mets.
But I know you, don't I? I seen you on a poster in the theater district. I'll think of your name in just a --
Finally, I get a waiter who doesn't know "Macbeth".
Get the hell out of here. I don't want you bringing our food. Send a real waiter.
Yessiree, Bob.
Because he is so deeply hated by so many people in the business.
Why?
To go to the theater. Wears I don't know what. Make-up, padding.
What do you mean?
I know it sounds easy. But something happens between the time I hear the line and the time I'm suppose to Jrepeat it.
This could be it.
That's the line I can't ever, for the life of me remember. I just can't get it.
And the Father replies?
I can see her face so clearly. Dear God. My heart was flying out of my chest with love.
Yes.
I kissed her while she was laughing.
Yes.
This is your history, isn't it? Nicky? All around us. And my parasite is consuming it.
Mine was cobalt blue.
Burnt sienna.
What was your favorite color crayon, growing up?
What color?
You have to see the words. Try to build a mental picture of the script. Imagine your lines high- lighted with a felt tip pen.
But my parasite is consuming all the new memories. Eating my lines.
Yes, Peter.
I kissed Shirley Felder on the teeth.
Yes.
I have excellent long-term memory.
Yes.
I was educated by nuns.
Sidney Fabrikant. Our producer.
Sidney.
Sidney remains optimistic.
I'm actually beginning to enjoy this.
He feels he has to defend himself if necessary.
He goes to the theater armed.
Yes.
Our Steven not only disguises himself.
What? Come on, Paisley.
Never mind.
Yes.
Do you want to talk about doing crazy things.
I know you both. Enough. How much knowledge does it take before a man does something crazy.
But you don't even know me. How can you care what I do with whom?
So everything. That's so what. So I begin to hate him. So I want to do him grave harm.
If I'm sleeping with him, and I haven't said I am, then so what?
There's a certain kind of wounded young man who uses his oddness to get laid. Is that our Steven?
No one's waiting.
Someone waiting for you?
Home.
Where are you going now?
He's a very sweet man.
I don't know.
Do you think he can do it?
Sort of. Sometimes. You're not building an obsession about Steven, are you? Look. I understand opening- night jitters, but you've got one of the great actors in American theater starring in your play.
But you're his friend.
Steven goes to extremes to protect his privacy. No friends. No phone.
He wears a disguise.
Is what true?
Is it true?
The fact is, I have to get going.
I'm trying to prolong our afternoon. In case you haven't noticed.
He doesn't want to meet some out-of- work ingenue.
Would you like to meet him?
Peter Redmond is an actor I admire enormously.
So do I. Over and over.
I hear good things about the new play.
I was all noise. Played the radio loud. Battled constantly with my brother and sister. Here I am, world.
I was one of those silent, listening children. Glued to the shadows.
You keep slipping away. How do you do that?
One more time.
Alla puttanesca.
You know what.
What?
Say it again.
A little drastic maybe?
Elliot wants to kill him with a railroad spike.
Engaging.
Endearing.
He has -- something. A funny little quality I find --
And he has finer moments now and then.
A little.
Oh. You know him.
Not one of Steven's finer moments.
So does Elliot.
I think I remember.
There was a review.
I was in the fish-market play. What happened to him?
You've worked with Elliot?
We have a very nice pasta today. Alla Putanesca.
What's good?
I'm going home to my machine.
Stay. Teach me to be compassionate.
I don't want you, Steven.
And I thought, at last, she's here, she wants me.
Yes. I've seen your victims. One past and one future. I thought I might convince you to reconsider.
The truth is never gentle. Listen to me carefully. Each of us lives in the thinnest possible wrapping of wishes and dreams. Truth is the force that penetrates this wispy skin. It hurts and maims.
Not if you stopped hurting people. Write the truth gently.
Of course it's unfair. The truth is always unfair. Why do you think I live this way? Hiding out. Stealing electricity from a lamp post. Because people who write the truth are outcasts of society. I can't live openly, in a nice clean doorman building, with my name on the mailbox. They'd come after me in packs.
In other words I never understood until today how much pain and anxiety you've been causing with your reviews. Steven, it's so unfair.
But you're here. So you must have come to me.
I haven't come to you.
You've come to me. I wanted to believe you would one day.
"I will follow you in all our vows and duties."
"Take a sixth step, that we may follow our vows in life."
"I will follow close behind you and help to serve the people."
"Take a fifth step, that we may serve the people."
Eleven.
God gave you ten thumbs.
There's no room! And the air is lovely.
Please! You're being foolish!
All the more reason.
I am your wife.
In this place there are no untouchables -- and no work is beneath any of us!
It is the work of untouchables.
Everyone takes his turn.
Sora was sent to tell me I -- I must rake and cover the latrine.
Mr. Khan said they called you brave.
Oww!
Yes -- I can't talk like this.
Are you sure?
Here, you see? Even the South African papers apologize -- "a monstrous attack."
They are boys. -- And they're Indian.
Just like proper English gentlemen. I'm proud of them.
As I told you about English policemen.
"A high court judge has confirmed that Mr. Gandhi would have been within his rights to prosecute for assault since neither he nor Mr. Khan resisted arrest." -- I told you about English law.
Nothing's more dangerous, especially for an old man.
Just an admirer...
One more.
Enough.
I'm simply going to prove to Muslims there, and Hindus here, that the only devils in the world are those running around in our own hearts -- and that's where all our battles ought to be fought.
You really are going to Pakistan, then?  You are a stubborn man.
I expect you to show as much patience as I am now.
What do you expect when you talk like that?
No. That is what you get for distracting me.
Is my finger supposed to be wrapped around that?
Not without defeats -- and great pain.  But are there no defeats in this war -- no pain?  What you cannot do is accept injustice. From Hitler -- or anyone. You must make the injustice visible -- be prepared to die like a soldier to do so.
But do you really believe you could use non-violence against someone like Hitler?
Jinnah has -- has cooperated with the British. It has given him power and the freedom to speak, and he has filled the Muslims with fears of what will happen to them in a country that is predominantly Hindu.  That I find hard to bear -- even in prison.
"...what shape it will take." Jinnah has -- what?
Stop!
No -- prison is rather agreeable to me, and there is no doubt that after the war, independence will come. My only worry is what shape it will take. Jinnah has --
It does. We must be getting old, Charlie.
They're calling you "Bapu." I thought it meant father.
Ah, but my puritanism runs the another way. I'm far too modest for such a display.
I'm sure your legs are quite as handsome as mine.
I think you do.  But I thank God we all don't.
If I want to be one with them, I have to live like them.
Did they take your clothes?
Not quite. They're only "holding me" until the Magistrate's hearing. Then it will be prison.
Going nearer to God!
What are you doing?
Let me hang on with two hands or I will fall.
No violence, please.
Well, we shall try.
That's the sort of thing you'll be seeking on this "farm"...
I am. But I'm not so egotistical as to think He plans His day around my dilemmas.
I thought you were a man of God.
That was lucky.
Not anymore.  At first I was amazed... but when you are fighting in a just cause, people seem to pop up -- like you -- right out of the pavement. Even when it is dangerous or --
Yes. I've -- I've met some very remarkable people in India... and -- and when I read what you've been doing here, I -- I wanted to help.  Does that surprise you?
You're a clergyman.
Some of it good, I hope.
I -- I mean it's all right. It doesn't matter.  I'm -- my name is Andrews, Charlie Andrews. I've come from India -- I've read a great deal about you.
I'm sorry.
You'd be Gandhi --  ...I thought you'd be bigger.
He said he's in charge...
What'd he say?
Well, he must've found some of the answers...
Lots of hair... and a little like a college freshman -- trying to figure everything out.
What was he like?
Back in South Africa...  long time ago.
You mean Gandhi?
Oh, I've been a Gandhi buff for a long time.
How does a reporter in Central America learn that Gandhi was born in Porbandar anyway?
...and I knew something had to give. And I was determined to be here when it did.
No, no -- just a moment, please.
I'll take your luggage back, baas.
Well, I don't know how you got a ticket for --
A -- a week.
Excuse me, baas, but how long have you been in South Africa?
No -- neither do I. But...  but this man is a Christian and he has written --
"Hell!"
Tell me -- do you think about hell?
That the fighting will stop -- that you make me believe it will never start again.
What do you want?
I say when is now -- and we will determine how.
They are only clinging to old dreams  and trying to split us in the old way. But the will has gone -- Independence will drop like a ripe apple. The only question is when  and how.
Wait and see... wait and see...
He's waiting. He's not prepared to accept it will mean as much as you think.
And Jinnah?
Panditji -- please, help me.
I don't believe it -- even the British can't be that stupid!
Tell that to the families of the policemen who died.
It was one incident.
If we obtain our freedom by murder and bloodshed I want no part of it.
We must end the campaign.
What can we do?
I've never spoken for anything else.
The Government's afraid, and they don't know what to do. But they're more afraid of terrorists than of you. The Viceroy has agreed to your release if you will speak for non- violence.
Maybe I'm wrong... maybe we're not ready yet. In South Africa the numbers were small...
I think if we all worked to publicize it... all of the Congress... every avenue we know.
Fortunately such news comes very slowly where I live.
I thought you were against fighting.
We only make wild speeches, or perform even wilder acts of terrorism. We've bred an army of anarchists but not one single group that can really fight the British anywhere.
My name is Walk-er. And I intend to report it the way it is.
Are you going to walk all the way?
Not if they arrest me -- or a thousand -- or ten thousand.  It is not only generals who know how to plan campaigns.
Is it over if they arrest you now?
It would have been uncivil of me to have let you make such a long trip for nothing.
You've done me a great service.
I've traveled so far -- and thought so much.  As you can see, my city was a sea city -- always filled with Hindus and Muslims and Sikhs and Jews and Persians.  The temple where you were yesterday is of my family's sect, the Pranami. It was Hindu of course but the priests used to read from the Muslim Koran and the Hindu Gita, moving from one to the other as though it mattered not at all which book was read as long as God was worshipped.
A great deal.
Do you remember much of South Africa?
Perhaps. I've come here to think about it.
Hm.  Is it?
And you've come all this way because you think something is going to happen?
Even as a boy I thought so.
It's beautiful.
I hope not.
You're an ambitious man.
That's right. The word only means "community." But it could stand for "village"... or the world.
Well, it's quite a place, your "ashram" -- is that right?
There are unjust laws -- as there are unjust men.
You will respect the law.
I don't know... I'm still searching for a "response."
Hm. And what should an "important professional" write about your response to General Smuts's new legislation?
Without a paper -- a journal of some kind -- you cannot unite a community.  You belong to a very important profession.
No... no. In every temple and mosque they have pledged to die before they lift a hand against each other.
It is foolish if it is just to save the life of an old man.
You should ride the pony. It is not necessary to walk to prove the point.
I'm sure I'm fit for at least five hundred miles.
I don't know... I know you are right. I don't know that this is right.
Do you find me stubborn?
First spin. Let the others march for a time.
I would rather march.
Good.  Ba will have to teach you to spin too.
It has. But you'd be surprised. They understand -- they really do. It's not the workers you have to worry about.
Muslim and Hindu are the right and left eye of India. No one will be slave, no one master.
I will not sit by to see the mastery of the British replaced by the mastery of the Hindus!
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.  We must stop.
After what they did at the massacre -- it's only an eye for an eye.
I mean a day of prayer and fasting. But of course no work could be done -- no buses, no trains, no factories, no administration. The country would stop.
You mean a general strike?
I'll send my gardener. I'm sure you'll have much to discuss.
The honor is ours. May I introduce Mr. Kallenbach. He's an old friend  and his interest is in flowers. I presumed to tell him he could wander your gardens while we talked.
I --
We hope you intend to join us in the struggle for Home Rule, Mr. Gandhi.
There is nothing I can give.
We need your help!
That's when you take advantage.
They are preparing for war. I will not support it, but I do not intend to take advantage of their danger.
Not true!  The secret is mastering the urge.
It must have been the only Non-violent campaign ever led by a man who wanted to kill everybody every day.
Well, I've called you here because I've had a chance to see the new legislation. It's exactly what was rumored. Arrest without warrant. Automatic imprisonment for possession of materials considered seditious...
I am beginning to know Mr. Nehru.
No.
Oh, yes, you are. It's been two hundred years since an Indian has cocked a snoot at the British Empire and got away with it. And stop calling me Mr. Patel, you're not a junior clerk anymore.
I'm hardly that, Mr. Patel.
I must say when I first saw you as a bumbling lawyer here in Bombay I never thought I'd be greeting you as a national hero.
That's young Nehru. He's got his father's intellect, his mother's looks and the devil's charm. If they don't ruin him at Cambridge -- Wave! Wave! -- he may amount to something.
Who is that young man?
Don't worry -- I've never seen men so determined. You've given them a way to fight... And I don't think --
If we hold firm, it won't be the last.
Well, that's one victory.
It's split the Government.
The fools!  Sorry...
My wife publicly defied the law. They've arrested her and four others.
I don't know who they've left out there to do the work. There can't be one mine left open. Have they touched the women?
So did I.
No. You were the surprise. It's been all over the prison. We thought they'd be too afraid of the English press.
They're sparing no one, I see.
I -- I will write to the press -- here -- and in England.  And I will use the courts.
Allah be praised. And what battalions will you call upon?
Well, then, it must be fought. We are children of God like everyone else.
I can. But I risk being kicked into the gutter by someone less "holy" than Mr. Baker.
You mean you employ Mr. Baker as your attorney, but you can't walk down the street with him?
That was England.
In England, I was a poor student but I --
Oh!  Neither have I.  I'm awfully sorry.
I'm -- I'm afraid I have no money.
All right. Fine.
Yes -- yes. It's just that... in these clothes I'd -- I'd prefer to go by taxi.
Assuming we are in agreement?
I assure you I feel a very ordinary man at this moment.
You're an extraordinary man.
I congratulate them.
Good. Good.  I have thought of calling for a Royal Commission to "investigate" the new legislation.  I think I could guarantee they would recommend the Act be repealed.
Very well.
I'm glad to hear you say that... very glad. You see if we repeal the Act under pressure  under this kind of pressure it will create a great deal of resentment. Can you understand that?
Somehow I expected not.
Hm. Of course it is not quite that simple.
Well, if you ask, General Smuts, I'm sure it will be done.
Mr. Gandhi, I've more or less decided to ask the House to repeal the Act that you have taken such "exception" to.
Ahh.
I dined at the prison.
Perhaps some tea?
Thank you. No.
Will you have a glass of sherry?
Thank him for his letter, and put him in jail.
Yes, sir, he has. The usual -- India's salt belongs to India -- but then he says flatly that he personally is going to lead a raid tomorrow on the Dharasana Salt Works.
He's addressed this letter directly to you, has he?
I don't know! Nehru, Patel, almost every Congress Official is in jail... and their wives and their children -- we've even arrested Nehru's mother.
Who's leading them?
...There's been no time to keep figures, but there must be ninety -- a hundred thousand under arrest.  And it still goes on.
Yes, sir. The day he sets off everyone is supposed to raise the flag of "Free India." Then he walks some two hundred and forty miles to the sea and makes salt.
And that's the basis of this "Declaration of Independence"?
Bapu -- please. Where are you going.
Could we cut all news off? I know --
...an eye for an eye making the whole world blind.
In Calcutta it's like civil war. The Muslims rose and there was a bloodbath, and now the Hindus are taking revenge -- and if we can't stop it there'll be no hope for the Hindus left in Pakistan.
Have you found him?
He was right. It's insane -- anything would have been better.
If you did this, no one could control it. No one.
Bapu, for me, and the rest,  if that is what you want, we will accept it. But out there  already there is rioting because Hindus fear you are going to give too much away.
No -- but I think I'm going to.
Have you read his magazine?
He's "discovering" India.
Ah -- we should invite Gandhi. What the devil has happened to him anyway?
Too late for that.  We're closer to the other side.
Vincent, where's the shore?  We're too far out. We have to go back!
Now is your chance to find out.
How are you doing this, Vincent?  How have you done <i>any</i> of this?
I will prove it to you.  Come swim with me now, Vincent.  Now--tonight.
Who are you trying to convince?
You didn't beat me that day.  I beat <i>myself</i>.
Well?  You have all the answers.  How is that possible?
God, even <i>you</i> want to tell me what I <i>can't</i> do. In case you hadn't noticed, Anton, I don't need rescuing.  But <i>you</i> did, once.
It's for the best.
Is that the only way you can succeed, Anton, to see me fail?
It's over.
There are a few million miles to go yet.
Come with me now, Vincent.  You've gone as far as you can go.
You almost sound like you believe that.
Don't worry.  You'll probably do just as well singing to him in the womb.  We can implant the most successful pre-embryo tomorrow afternoon.
I'm sorry, there's no way we can.
It would be five thousand more.
How much extra?
I have to warn you, Mr Luca, he's going to be at least a head taller than you. Prepare for a crick in the neck in sixteen years time.
I like football.
Some believe it is associated with creativity, although there's no evidence.  Also for sports like baseball it can be an advantage.
Er, no...
Is there any reason you'd want a left-handed child?
He's right, Maria.  That's right.
You want to give your child the best possible start.  Believe me, we have enough imperfection built-in already.  Your child doesn't need any additional burdens.  And keep in mind, this child is still you, simply the <i>best</i> of you. You could conceive naturally a thousand times and never get such a result.
We were wondering if we should leave some things to chance.
I'll take care of it.
By the way, I left some trash in your locker.
And don't go getting everybody lost out there. You'll give us a bad name.  You won't have me to keep an eye on you, you know.
I'll see what I can do.
I guess so.  Well, while you're up there, maybe you could tidy the place up a bit.
I guess I'm a slow learner.
No?  What's keeping you?
Not yet, I'm afraid.
So you've finally seen sense and come back to your old job, Vincent.
Where did you get this?
It's not <i>exactly</i> him.
Luca could still be an accomplice.
We found his spit in the dead director's eye. He's signed a confession--supplied us with the suit he wore on the night.  What more do you want?
So we have two choices.  Either our suspect came back to the murder scene for a drink of water and I don't know anybody that thirsty or...  ...he <i>is</i> here.  We test again.  You're right, Hugo, this was a desperate act.  Someone had a lot to lose that night--perhaps their place in line.  I'd like the profiles of everyone with an upcoming mission.
Positive saliva match.  The cup was definitely used since the original sweep.
We'll vacuum these streets if we have to.
Where do we start?
What are you waiting for?
I'll take it out of your damn <i>pension</i> if you question my authority one more time!
From what budget?
Get it.  From outside, if you have to.
We don't have the manpower.
No, we've missed something.  We Hoover again.
He's not here.  It's a blind alley.
Something's not right.
That's the last.
Blood.  From the vein.
You know their workforce.  Two-thirds at least fall into the category.  We'll be closing down their operation for days.  At least go with a fingertip sample or urine.
A man can change his face--but blood is forever. Sample every employee within the parameters I gave you.  Intravenous.
None of the ID photos match the enhancement.
Don't underestimate these imposters.
It is hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers.  You've seen their security system.  They know who works there.  Even if you ignore the man's expiration date, his profile suggests that he doesn't have the mathematical propensity let alone the stamina to pass their physicals.
He was afraid of being exposed.  That's why he did it.
It's still possible the eyelash specimen came from a janitor, delivery man--it could have blown in through an open window.
Of course.  He's a "de-gene-erate".  He works at Gattaca.  Why else would we find the eyelash near the washroom?  Nobody stops to take a leak during a murder.
No.  But one or two "borrowed ladders" have shown up there in the past.
A customer?  Does this Michael's cater to misfits?
The skin flake was found in Michael's Restaurant. The employees are all accounted for.
This is a murder investigation.  The public should be happy to co-operate, to get this disease off the streets.
We're already getting complaints about frivolous search.
I don't like anybody <i>this</i> unlucky.  Widen the sweep.  The West side.  Draw a five mile radius around Gattaca.  Hoover some of the classier establishments.  Random car stops.
With respect, Sir, many perfectly innocent citizens have left specimens at as many crime scenes.  Maybe he's just unlucky.
Since going underground, traces of this In-Valid have shown up at the scene of four serious felonies.  Do you need any more than that?
Is there something more we should know about this suspect, Sir?  I mean besides what's on his sheet.
--There's that word again.  I have a feeling This man doesn't play the odds, Detective.  Not exactly a slave to probability.  Is it "likely" that a man who has successfully eluded authorities for fifteen years--a brutal killer--is going to come to us now like a lamb?
This <i>is</i> the most likely location--
We're in the wrong place.  We're wasting time.
Detective Hugo, it's a simple case of lost and found.  All we have to do is locate the man who's minus an eyelash and this murder will solve itself.
What a pity.
--I've already run it.  There's no record of any living relative.
I'll run a crossover on the eyelash for any family or associate connections--
Who knows with these "deficients"?  His profile indicates a proclivity for violence.
Of course that doesn't jibe with what we found.  This was an angry killing.
No.  Not <i>likely</i>.
Even if this Vincent Luca <i>is</i> alive, is it likely he could bludgeon a man to death?
So there's a 20 percent chance he's <i>not</i> dead.
According to this, he's a sick man.  Congenital heart condition.  Who knows how long the specimen has been here but there's an 80 percent chance the owner of that eyelash has already died himself from natural causes.
--What <i>about</i> his profile?
With respect, Sir--it may be the only unaccountable specimen but the profile suggests--
No, <i>this</i> is your man.
I look around, I see a lot of dry eyes. The Director was not...  ...universally loved.  He was leading the cut-backs in the program.  You're looking at a room full of motives.
Grudges?
Of course, Sir.  We're checking the entry log, alibis, grudges...
A man's dead, Detective.
I don't understand why you were dragged out here, Sir.  It's hardly worth wasting your time--a no-nothing case like this.
I will not permit any further testing on the eve of a mission.  We're already counting backwards.
At least it's nothing contagious.
This time I will supervise each test personally.
Twelve have a mission within the week.
No, but since there aren't too many <i>live</i> ones tonight either, you won't mind us conducting one further sweep.  If he does not work here, then there should be no other trace of him.  I think you'd better get some people out of bed, Detective.  In the meantime we can re-check his favorite haunt.
Right now, <i>your</i> presence is creating more of a threat.  I don't think you have any concept of what we do here--how meticulous our preparations must be.  We are about to send twelve people through 140 million miles of blackness to rendezvous with an object the size of a house and the color of coal.  So it's rather critical to point them in the right direction. And we certainly don't need you looking over our shoulders.  Besides, I don't believe there is any evidence that the killer <i>is</i> amongst us.  I don't see too many other dead bodies littering the place.
You're so unconcerned that you have a killer in your midst.
One look through there and you would know why I can't possibly allow you to disrupt operations any further.
Thank you, no.
Would you care to look--in the telescope?
This unaccountable specimen was found in the south wing corridor.
What a relief.
We believe we have a suspect.
We have to be certain.  Once they're up, we can hardly turn the boat around.
Surely you know what you have.
Often.
How often do you test, Director?
You have more in common than you know.
What's wrong with him?
Don't be deceived, Irene.  These are just the clothes.  He has to wear them. Something I could never do.
He's probably leaving some more of me around the place before he goes.
I've been looking for him.  Do you know where he is?
That's where we get rid of the traces of him although we never truly succeeded.
Again?
It's about the Director.
Now <i>you're</i> here.  Who are your "friends"?
Good to see you're feeling better.
Hello, sweatheart.  Come on up.
Jerome--?
Hello.
At least you're honest.  Call me by my middle name--Eugene--If you're going to be Jerome, you may as well start getting used to it.
I don't know exactly, Jerome.
You're both going to a lot of trouble--  Maybe you can con somebody into believing you're me to get your foot in the door--but once you're inside, you're on your own.  I'm sure you're sincere...  ...but I was being groomed for something like this myself.  Even without the accident I don't think I would have made it.  My point is--how the hell do <i>you</i> expect to pull this off?
German.
Listen, I don't want you to think I'm ungrateful --I know you and that little broker--what do you call him?
Suit yourself.
I think I'd better choose the menu.  After all, you're learning how to be me, I'm not learning how to be <i>you</i>.
What's wrong with it?
Yeah.  You want to go dancing tonight?
You okay, Jerome?
He's too tall.
Six one.
Okay, how tall did you <i>used</i> to be?
I got the better end of the deal.  I just lent you my body--you lent me your dream.
Thank you.
I'm travelling too.
Where are you going?
In case you get back before I do.
Why have you done this?
No, but you might need them when you get back.
Have you forgotten?  I don't need any samples where I'm going.
I have your samples ready.
I could always walk.  I've been faking it.
How the hell did you get here.
Not bad, Jerome.
How are you, Jerome?
I was never very good at it, remember?
How would you like to be yourself for the day?
Hello?
I guess I'd better have something important to say if it takes that long to get an answer.
By the time I'm at the Belt, you phone and say, "How are you?"  Forty-five minutes later I reply, "Not bad.  How are you?"
How long?
We'll still be able to talk when I'm away. The conversation will just keep getting longer.
Don't worry about your little pin cushion. To be honest, I'm looking forward to having the place to myself.
Will you be okay?
You may as well invite her here.
Everybody goes there.
Michael's.
Where are you taking her?
I'm sure you'll be very convincing.
She's already got her doubts.  I have to act like nothing's wrong.
Again?
I'm sorry.  I've got plans.
Where are we going?
She doesn't <i>have</i> to know.  She doesn't <i>want</i> to know.
Of course not.  But she's have to know eventually.
You're not thinking of telling her, are you?
You know how it is with these altered births --somebody told her she's not going to live forever and she's been preparing to die ever since.
You <i>are</i> a catch.  No doubt she's worried that she would lower the standard of your offspring. Everybody wants to "breed up".  What's wrong with her?
Complicated.  I couldn't stop her apologizing.
How was your evening?
If I were you I'd worry about myself.  Haven't you forgotten something?
Never stopped you before.  And for God's sake stop plucking your hair. Someone went to a lot of trouble to make sure you wouldn't go bald.
I don't feel too good.  I think I'm still drunk from last night.
Not thirsty?  We've got enough virgin samples to last us the week.
Good choice.
If you say so.  The stripe.
I've got enough on my mind without that.
Is that all?
You're the one who said not to change anything. She's my ear to the investigation.
So it's not just the Hoovers who've got you rattled.
I'm sure I could have.
You really had other offers?
I'm sorry.  I think I was crying.
And keep your lashes on your lids where they belong.  How could you be so careless?
How could they recognize you?  <i>I</i> don't recognize you.  Anyway, you don't have a choice.  You run, you may as well sign a confession, turn us both in right now.  No, we stick this out-- find out what we can but change nothing.  This is a minor inconvenience is all it is.  We've taken worse heat than this.  Jesus, if I'd known you were going to go belly up on me at the last fucking gasp, I wouldn't have bothered.  You can't quit on me now.  I've put too much into this.  Besides, this stuff is <i>mine</i>.  I had other offers, you know.  I could have rented myself out to somebody with a spine.  You want me to wheel in there and finish the job myself?  We'll take off all right, from pad 18 just like we planned.
They'll recognize me.
Where is your head, Jerome?  You're acting like a guilty man.  They won't marry the eyelash to you.  They won't believe that one of their elite navigators could have suckered them for the last five years.
--You don't understand, they'll make the connection, they'll hoover again.  We should cut our losses.
I'm not going anywhere.  Less than a week to go. Not on your life--
Come on--we're taking off.
Could be worse.  They could have found it in your eye.
In a corridor.
Where?
They found my eyelash.
What makes them think that?
They think I offed the Director.
What are you talking about?
We can't stay here.
Any particular reason?
Call German.
I'm proud of you, Vincent.
It's all right.
--I walked right in front of it.  I was never more sober in my life.
--What car?--Go to sleep.
You know I wasn't drunk--I knew what I was doing when I walked in front of that car--
It's okay, Eugene.
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.
You know I'm scared of heights.
Up there they wouldn't be a problem.
I still can't believe they're sending you to the Belt--you of all people--never meant to be born, on a mission to discover the origin of life.
A day or so.
How long do you stay up there before you go?
11.15 to the port.  A maintenance crew.
What <i>is</i> that one?
And drinking it.  It's like Evian by the time it's filtered.
At least up there your piss will be worth something.  You'll all be showering in it, right?
Keep going!!  Keep going!!
I gotta stop!!  I gotta stop!!
You're right, there's more atmosphere where you're going.
Let's get out of here.
You're going to have to earn your supper.  I've got my final physical tomorrow.
Hey, how much of you can be there?  Even if the "J. Edgars" do find something, in a week--  you'll be slightly out of their jurisdiction.  Come on, we've got to get drunk immediately.
That's not the point.
So what?  You didn't kill him, did you?
The place is crawling with Hoovers.
This calls for a celebration.  Doesn't it?
He was still warm when they confirmed.
What an act of benevolence--a service to the community.  So that's it.  Now there's nothing between you and ignition.
They found him in his office this morning-- beaten so bad they had to check his nametag.
You wish.
The Mission Director.
Who died?
Listen, I bag this stuff anyway.  It may as well pay my rent.
What about you?  What's in this for you, Eugene?
You don't know what a relief it is not to be me.  Are you sure <i>you</i> want the job?
It's not too late to back out.
God, you're serious, aren't you?
Leave?  Just a few million years ago every atom in this hair--in our bodies--was a part of a star. I don't see it as leaving.  I see it as going home.
God, what <i>wouldn't</i> you do to leave the planet?
<i>More</i> than that.  You'll get used to it.
You really need that much?
Noone orders southpaws anymore.
You had to be a right-hander.
It needs work.
Wrong color.  It's silver.  It's not easy living up to this.
What about this?
If anybody asks, tell them the truth-- your family disowns you.  You are a disappointment, Jerome.
I have to know where you come from.
They are not babies, Maria, merely "human possibilities".
What will happen to the others?
I have to caution you it's not fool-proof. With multi-gene traits there can be no guarantees.
Antonio, the choir...
I understand.  That's already been taken care of.  Now you appreciate I can only work with the raw material I have at my disposal but for a little extra...I could also attempt to insert sequences associated with enhanced mathematical or musical ability.
We want him--we were hoping he would get married and have children.  We'd like grandchildren.
Anything I've forgotten?
--We didn't want--<i>diseases</i>, yes.
You've already specified blue eyes, dark hair and fair skin.  I have taken the liberty of eradicating any potentially prejudicial conditions - premature baldness, myopia, alcoholism and addictive susceptibility, propensity for violence and obesity--
We would like Vincent to have a brother... you know, to play with.
First, we may as well decide on gender. Have you given it any thought?
There's a way.
Even with lifts I'm never that tall.
You can wear lifts.
How tall are you?
Why are you inventing problems?  You two are a couple of goddam clones.  You look so right together, I want to double my fee.
I'd have to bleach my hair.
Yeah.
That's the hair color in his profile?

It happened in Australasia.  He checked in yesterday.  No family complications, no record he ever broke his neck.  As far as anybody's concerned, he's still a walking, talking, fully-productive member of society. You just have to get him off the pipe and fill in the last two years of his life.  Excuse me, <i>your</i> life.
How do I square the accident?
No problem.  Before he dropped out he was an honor student, the right majors--
I hope he's not just a body.
He has the heart of an ox.  He could run through a Goddamn wall--if he could still run. Actually, he was a big college swimming star.
Vincent, come down.  I've found him.
German, is that you?
Vincent...Vincent...
I think I could do something  provided you know what you're doing and you can meet the terms.
What do you think?
A fingerprint.  There's something to be said for nostalgia.  What did you find?
I've found him too.
Hugo!  I've found him!
They said the same thing about myopia and obesity.  You think your children would be less human if they were less violent, angry, spiteful?  Maybe they'd be <i>more</i> human.  From where I sit the world could stand a little improving.
Not that.
You worried about the cost?
These new personality corrections I've been reading about.
Why not?
My wife and I--we're thinking of starting a family.
Not so long--just once around the sun.
A year is a long time.
We could go together one day.
--when you go away.
I forgot something--something at home. I'll see you later.
What is it?
That's precisely what <i>scares</i>me--that they won't do anything <i>foolish</i> or <i>courageous</i> or <i>anything</i>--worth a Goddamn.
You hypocrite.  Do you think for one moment you'd be doing what you're doing if it wasn't for who you are--<i>what</i> you are?  Don't you get <i>any</i> satisfaction knowing that your children will be able to live to a ripe old age unless they do something foolish?
But "if it came to it" then it couldn't have your--  --nose.  How perfect does your child have to be?
So you're not so smart after all.  I want you to know--if it ever came to it-- I'd be willing to get an ovum from the Egg Bank.  In fact, I'd <i>rather</i> use a donor egg--  --<i>if</i> it came to it.
You remember the '99 Chrysler LeBaron? It's the exact height of the front fender.  Looked right instead of left.
What happened?
We'll get it later.  Irene, please.
My medication.  I left it back there.
Come on.
I can't.
It's not safe.  I shouldn't have brought you here.
Who are they?
Let's walk.
What about the car?
Those checks take forever.
Why are we leaving?
You've never been here?  Let me order for you.
What <i>is</i> this place?
I guess somebody beat me to it.
So you didn't do it after all.
Of course.
Of course I think about it every day.
Nothing yet.  I'll start experiencing symptoms in my late-fifties.  But unless they come up with something between now and then, I won't live much past 67.
What exactly is wrong?
It's here.  My heart.  I'm careful--weekly check-ups.  I'm on a drug maintenance program, blood thinners, diet--  I just want you to know what you'd be getting yourself into.
I don't think so.  The only trip I'll make in space is around the sun--  --on this satellite right here.
You'll be next.
I envy you, Jerome.
Why would I be angry?  It was beautiful.
You're angry--
Yes...<i>yes</i>...
You didn't know?
You celebrate, Jerome?
Perhaps we ought to celebrate, Irene.
Just some In-Valid.  Vincent--  --somebody.
Does it have a name?
In the South Wing.
Where?
They found an eyelash.
It was a mercy-killing after all.
Friend?
Have they found our friend?
I know about you.
We were just looking.
I'm sorry.  I didn't mean anything.
I have better things to do this week than answer the foolish questions of some flatfoot. Don't you?
Why would we do that?
Why don't we say we were together?
No.
So we don't know for sure about you, either.
Yes.
Were <i>you</i> alone?
I was at home.
Looks bad, doesn't it, Irene?  What about <i>you?</i>  Where were you last night?
No it can't be verified.  Yes I was alone.
Can that be, er, verified?  Were you alone?
Last night?  I was at home.
I've been asked to compile a log for the investigators--they want to know everyone's whereabouts last night.
No bother.
--Unfortunately my son's not all that they promised.  But then, who know what he could do.
Just remember, Lamar, I could have gone up and back and nobody would have been the wiser--
Did I ever tell you about my son, Jerome?  He's a big fan of yours.  He wants to apply here.
There's a problem, Lamar.
Flight got you nervous?
New policy.
What's this, Lamar?
Need any more, you can always get it off his shoes.
I've got enough here.
I'll tell you at the end of the week.
If everything goes to plan, this could be the last time I see you for a while.  One week to go.  Please tell me you're the least bit excited.
Only every time I'm in here.
Jerome...never shy.  Pisses on command. You've got a beautiful cock.  I ever told you that, Jerome?
Antonio--
The name?  For the certificate.
Honey, look around you.  The world doesn't want one like <i>that</i> one.
Not like <i>this</i> one.
--I've read your profile.  I don't know about the father but you carry enough hereditary factors on your own.  You can have other children.
Honey, you've made <i>one</i> mistake--
I'm not doing it.
The doctor will give you something.
No, you don't understand.  I <i>can't</i>.
I told you, the government pays.  It's all taken care of.
I can't do this.
What are you doing?
Get it over with...
Don't think too badly of her... After all, you were in jail a long time and she is a healthy young woman.
I bet.
Close... but it takes a hell of a lot more than promises to pull the kind of strings I pulled.
No.  My old lady must have made a lot of promises.
The obvious.  But we are both not interested in that right now.
So we did that crackerbox... to cover for you.
A little more was taken out before.  My brother's a director of that Bank, Mr. McCoy... I had a few pressing debts.
One. The radio's rappin' about $750^000. We only got a half a million.
What do you add up to here?
I knew that life didn't add up to the obvious when I was 8.
A simple reason, McCoy. The obvious reason. To rob a bank.
No applause!
You still don't get the picture do you? I've always heard what a smart ass operator you are.
I'm in a hurry.
No way. I always do my own work.
You know, you and I may be two of a kind.
That's your problem.
They may nail me into this now, McCoy.
You hired Jackson and Rudy., not me.
What about her?  Let's c ut up the money, I want to get North.
What about your wife?
That's right.
And you got him...
Three... Rudy got ambitious.
News said two persons killed.
Beynon.
Hello, McCoy.
Stay clean.
I'll take care of my end.
They will be ready. You guys do your job.
Sure,  You're working on the passports...  ... and visas?
I heard about you. You work with Miller.
Rudy Butler, Frank Jackson...
They're mine. The one with the moustache is my brother. They stay out of it. We stay clean.
What about them?
You run the job, but I run the show. You got two weeks to set it up.
I get my own help.
You're back with your own people now. Got you some professionals.
This is the only time you and I meet in public. Any business with me, handle it with him...
I guess it was because I was a model prisoner.
Hard to judge how these things happen. The Parole Board almost never reverses their decisions.
All it takes is a long arm.
Not at all, just a pleasant way to have lunch.
You gotta be kidding.
We walk.
What now?
I guess we are.
Yeah, why not? We're the good guys.
Whatever happens... we're going all the way.
Hell, I don't know... but we sure gave it a run.
Are we going to make it?
Pull over.
How long before this car's hot?
Yeah.
They will have our description before we can get a plane.
I don't know, airport I guess.
Where do we go from here?
You okay?
Just get your clothes on...
Who was it?
Come on, come on.
Get your clothes on, move your butt.
You're crazy.
If they are not here, he must have sent them away.
So what?
Laughlin. He's always got his family around... that wife and kid of his have to stand by his side to make sure he stays off the juice and horses.
What is it?
Whatever you say.
Get in the shower. You'll feel okay.
I don't know.
What's wrong?
Yeah.
I'll be ready.
Jeep. There's a dry river bed fifteen miles east. He takes us to the Mexican side, drops us off at the airfield by breakfast... we've got a 9 o'clock flight.
Oh, Jesus... how?
Ten. Laughlin's going to take us across at four A.M.
Great. I'm going to sleep twelve hours.
We've got some food coming, should be here any minute.
That's all I want... It's the only thing I have ever wanted.
We get to Mexico, we can have a life.
Can we make it?
You and me.
Okay.
I don't see how.
Things can't get much worse can they?
You want to try with me?
Sounds good.
Whatever happens it's over.
No more about Beynon.
Either we pick it up or else we leave it right here. We got to go one way or another.
I always thought jails make people hard. Not you. You're just not tough enough to forget about Beynon. I chose you, not him.
I guess you're right.
We've come a lot of miles. But we're not close to anything.
We got this far.
I don't think we can any more... If we ever get out of here, maybe I should take off...
Look, what you said yesterday... I guess that was right. It isn't worth anything if we don't make it together.
Listen to me. It's hard enough.
I don't want to hear it.
I want to say something.
Sure...
We're going to make it.
Yeah.
We better stick here till tonight.
It's all a game, don't bother me.
Do what I tell you, it's not a game.
No scars.
No scars?
I think so... I don't know.
Okay?
Not now.
Are you hungry?
Twenty eight hundred.
How much?
El Paso.
Where are you going?
Let's do it.
Only one car.
You keep it up and it won't matter how far we get away, because it's going to be all over between you and me. Do you understand that? There won't be anything left.
I trust...  Want to see what I trust... In God we trust...  The word's on every bill!!!
I'll tell you something, Doc. One day you're going to have to trust somebody...
You can't trust anything these days.
If I hadn't killed Beynon., you would have.
From now on you just shut up and do as you're told.
I did I killed a man.
When are you going to learn?
That would be the first time.
El Paso.
Maybe. At least I got to him.  Where do we go from here?
I think you liked it with him.
You're full of ifs.
If Beynon bought him out, and he talked then maybe Beynon's boys will be waiting for us in El Paso.
What?
I didn't mean police.
Why, there's nothing on the news?
There may be a hunting party.
Like what?
No... there's a couple of things I'm still working on.
You've got it all figured.
When they find it, they find it.
You've got all the answers. What about when they find the body on the train?
We'll grab a room for tonight then you go out tomorrow and buy yourself some new clothes, pick some up for me... Grab some food now, paper bag it, we eat in the room.
I mean it.
Do you mean that?
Maybe we should split up... I'll cut the money with you.
What do you want to do?
You don't like the way things are, I don't like the way things
When we had trouble before it was different.
You'd do the same for me, wouldn't you, Doc?  If I was caught, wouldn't you?
I'll bet you can.
I can handle it.
Texas is a big state.
I wouldn't worry Doc. I can always get you out... I'll screw every prison official in Texas if I have to.
Your kind of mistakes are going to land me back in Huntsville.
You bastard...
There better be a guy with the
Sure?
Fifteen minutes.
How long ago.
It isn't another boyfriend, is it?
He must have.
And switched keys.
A man helped me open it...
We keep going.
What do we do?
If you don't start telling the truth... 
She's on TV.
Who's she?
What the hell do you want? Mary Tyler Moore?
When I got out, why didn't you tell me where it was?
You sent me to him.
Yeah.
There wasn't any way to explain it.
Why didn't you tell me?
Do it my way.
I don't want to go there.
If we make a mistake., he'll burn us. You make a deal, you're always better keeping your end up.
Let's send his cut back -- Just keep going.
I just figure the percentages. He wouldn't try a cross until he's got the money.
Do you trust him?
I've never "been there... When we met it was in his office.
Tell me about Beynon's ranch.
Do it my way.
He might be ready to chop us up.
So what. I've got to give him his money. That was our end of the deal.
There are three men dead.
Why?
Call the ranch, tell Beynotr we'll leave his cut here --
They checked in.
I see it...
Doc...
Jackson panicked and nailed the guard.
What about the bank?
... and live happily ever after.
We're going to have a lot of those,  We're just going to get the money and then go all the way.
We are always going to be all right tomorrow. I'd like to be all right a few todays.
I know you do. But it is different.  It's different.  We'll be all right tomorrow.
I mean it.
Bullshit.
It doesn!t make much difference where you are, if you're waiting, Doc.
At least you were outside.
You know I've actually gotten tired waiting sometimes... worn out waiting.
Waiting's hard. You never learn how.
It will be such a relief not to have to think about it any more.
That bad?
I feel like the night before the first day of school.
If it's funny I'm going to laugh.
Promise you won't laugh.
My mind's not on guessing games.
You know how I feel?
If we are clean Gollie will take us over at Nogales. If we are hot we'll have to try Laughlin at El Paso.
Keep going over these. I don't want anybody getting lost.
Should be light traffic that time of day... the Bank Guard carries a .38. These will stop an M.2 at fifty yards.
For exits off Main Street.
Nail him first, be careful he doesn't panic and want to shoot somebody. Local police have one car, a rover, shouldn't be in the vicinity at the time we hit unless it's answering an emergency call... if the cop car shows up remember it doesn't have any automatic weapons. Only a shotgun braced on the dashboard. Get into a tight spot, you'll be out of range at forty yards. Then they're down to their side guns.
Usually on the right side as you go in.
... Bank President, three tellers and one guard...
Want to cry now?
I didn't. I just waited.
But sometimes I cried a lot too.
That doesn't hurt.
I laugh when I feel happy. Sometimes just thinking of you made me laugh. I had a lot of that. And other times that wasn't enough. I had a lot of that too. I know you find it hard to believe, I'm happy just loving you.
Why are you laughing?
But I got you out. Didn't I, Doc. I did it. I got you out.
Yeah... I know.
I couldn't have... much longer.
Thanks again.  I 'm glad you waited.
You got the parole, didn't you?
Is he straight?
$250,000 right off the top.
Suit yourself.
Yeah, well, I think I'll stick with what I've got.
I bought you a lot of new things.
You were asleep.
I was going to fix you breakfast.
Better than I remembered.
How was it?
Really.
Really?
Listen, I'm just as nervous as you are.
I'll be okay.
Sure.
Wait... give me a minute.
We've got time. We've got a lot of time. I can help you.
It's just been a while.
It's all right.
I guess I'm kind of...
I'm still here, Doc.
Couldn't handle it then. Now I can.
After four years and now the question comes up.
You go out much?
No. It's been a long time.
That's not all of it.
Nothing's been boring since you found me.
Boring.
Fatter... some things never change.
How's Estelle?
Pretty good... Made a quick trip to Oregon, saw my brother and the kids. Figured it would be my last chance, unless they wanted to travel.
You been okay?
Just the way I remembered.
How does it taste?
Whisky and a peach.
What do you want for dinner?
That Beynon's got a long arm.
Half a million.
Good.
Assumed name... Houston.
Where did you get them developed?
I made a mistake. I'll never make another one.
I hope so. I am not looking forward to another stretch.
Better than old times.
Just like old times?
I've been doing my homework.
Where did you get those?
Small town, small bank, big money.
What's Beynon got set up?
I've been there every day for the last four years.
What do you mean? You've never been there.
It doesn't look like that.
I want to take a walk.
Where do you want to go?
Yeah.
Feel good?
It looks fine.
I'm sorry I was late... I got my hair done... the girl was slow.
Sure...
My license expired, let's get out of here.
You want to drive?
I'm a lot better off than I was an hour ago.
You okay?
Hi.
Hello, Doc.
No way. I've got to get out now.
We'll try again.
Thanks. I hope yours is okay, too.
I really hope you have a nice trip.
STANDS AND PAUSES FOR A MOMENT.
I never have any luck.
No, I'm afraid not.
You wouldn't be taking the train to Salt Lake, would you?
Yeah... I guess it does.
That certainly makes you kind of special...
Me, neither. There's about twelve people in the state that aren't Mormons and I'm one of them.
No, I'm not.
Utah, the Bee-Hive state. I'm from Orem, right near Salt Lake ... Say, you wouldn't happen to be a Mormon, would you?
Where's home?
Me, too. Got twenty-four days of furlough and I'm goin' home.
That's right.
Tell her you robbed a bank...
One thing though... how do I explain this to my wife?
By the way, you're getting a hell of a car there, mister.
Thanks. Hope you do too.
Hope you get to where you're going.
That little job cost me a hundred dollars... didn't even get to keep the fish.
Oh my God.
Three years ago I dynamited some fish at the reservoir.
Might try that.
Gonna knock down a wall?
Two boxes of double-ought buck.
All right. Shells?
Sure can. I'd like an Invicta 12-gauge pump with the twenty-inch barrel.
Can I help you?
Dillinger got killed.
It's just a walk-in bank. You don't have to be Dillinger for this one.
What do you have in mind?
Aren't we going a little hard?
I'll hang on to these. We don't need them till we get to Gollies. Okay. Any questions?
Whatever you need.
I 'm handling the fine stuff. You're back up all the way...
I'm good at that.
One-inch stuff on a three-number combination.
Wire pull over?
Chambers - Reilly. Time lock opens 20 minutes before they start doing business...
What about the vault?
Two.
Okay. How many bank exits?
Suit yourself.
I worked ten years without one, I don't need one now.
Just in case someone gets a shot off.
What about you?
Yeah. I got out.
You were with him?
Chicago.
Where?
You're out of touch. Cops blew him up.
Can't leave the desk.
Then you do it.
He took the day off.
When she gets here, have that kid of yours help her with the suitcase.
Right.
Just sandwiches...
My lady'11 come in in about five minutes. Have some food sent up in half an hour.
Growing -- all of them - every day.  318, you'll be the only ones on the floor.
How's Mama and the kids?
Go with God.
Wish you hadn't said that. When Slim Canfield's lips are sealed, they're sealed.
Well, I paid a hell of a price. Now for God's sake keep your mouth shut.
Don't worry about me, I'll grab a cab... I can afford it, you know.
You're going to have to walk back to the border.
How about twenty thousand?
You got it.
I don't report the car and I don't know either of you?
That's what I want.
And I keep my mouth shut?
Sure am.
You serious?
How about if I buy your car for ten grand?
'Bout five thousand.
Come on. How much?
What's it to you?
Listen... how much money did you make this year?
Not now.
Don't you want to go to the airport?
Juarez - Chihuahua City road.
Which way?
Sure thing, mister, it's coming right up. 'Bout an hour. Quiet crossing that is.
Let's just get to the border.
I kinda doubt it.
I guess you ain't gonna shoot me, are you?
Why not?
Mexico. I'd like to find a quiet place to cross.
Where we go in1?
Just fine.
How was that?
Suit yourself.
Drive.
I Just want to find a suitcase.
Something ought to loosen him up ... how comes we're going to El Paso, Rudy?
That's what matters, isn't it?
Can he trust you?
Two years.
How long have you been married?
You can trust him...
That right?
I don't think you have to worry much about Harold. He won't do anything.
After you come back I'll listen while you make some phone calls, tell a few friends you've got to leave for a week or two... You have to call another Vet about the animals. You tell him to come over and take good care of them starting tomorrow... no slip-ups on that. They got to be looked after...
You do what he says, Harold.
That's good. That's very good. Now Harold, you go out and gas up the Ford, check the oil and tires, we don't want any problems on the road. One more thing... If anybody but you comes back...
A Ford... We have a Ford.
What kind of car do you have, Harold?
Just... tell us what you want.
Is it possible, Mrs. Clinton?
I'll tell you when.
I've got to stop.
That's not possible. We can't leave here... we've got all this.
The three of us are going to do some traveling. We're going to take your car to El Paso.
The glucose will begin working in half an hour. You'll feel better then...
I got a nurse in mind.
Collar bone is broken. No infection yet... the bandages should be changed twice a day.
What's the damage?
Yes, but listen. Christ, I didn't kill him.
You knew what I'd do.
'Good.'
What did he say?
Yes. I told him.
Did Eric know that Frank was my brother?
Nothing. What could I do?
What did you do?  Albert?
Last Sunday afternoon, Eric and two of his boys arrive with Frank and tell me that he's rumbled. Somehow, he's seen the film and was about to shoot his mouth off. They ask me for some whisky and start forcing it down his throat.  I thought they'd just duff him up a bit. Honest.
Do you want to be dead, Albert?
And you told Brumby?
Cliff Brumby. He'd seen the film. He wanted to meet Doreen.
Who?
No choice. I had a visit from somebody.
How?
A couple of weeks back.
When did you find out?
I dunno. He's got his ways. He knows Margaret.
How?
Yes.
Did Eric Pake pull her?
I didn't know who Doreen was. Thought she was just another bird.
I know.
You can't get away from me, Albert.
I know. I know.
Yes, you do, Albert. Talk or I'll kill you.
Hello, Jack,  I don't know anything, Jack.
Was he?
He was drunk. Drunk as a lord.
How'd it happen, then?
Fine. Nowt wrong with them.
What about the brakes?
Was the steering faulty?
Well, he drove it into the river.
Yeah.
Oh ay?
This is my brother's car.
What's it got to do with you?
What happened to this car?
What do you want?
I had to. It was the only way I could get at them.
You shouldn't have shown the film to Frank.
Jack...
Good afternoon, Mr Brumby. Carter exits.
Jack, you're wrong.
Do me a favour. You don't really expect me to fix Kinnear on your say-so?  Just because they tried to get me on you last night, don't think you can pull the same trick. Stroll on.
Christ, what...
That's not good enough.
I don't know. That's all I was told.
Why?
I don't know. All I know is that people were shitting bricks up at his place last Saturday. Your brother's name was mentioned. Next day, he was dead.
Why?
Kinnear. Cyril Kinnear.  Kinnear did it.
What name?
Five grand. It belongs to you. Along with a little name I'm going to give you.
Last night, after you'd gone, I did a little bit of asking around. Seeing as you weren't very forthcoming,  It seems that you are concerned about the death of your brother?  I got to thinking it would be nice if the bloke you were after was the same bloke I wanted off my back,  You know my life. Machines. The arcades. Nice business. Looks after itself. People put money in. I take it out. Not much rough stuff. It's a business that makes me very happy. But recently, I've had a spot of bother,  One of my lads gets a bit over- anxious and flogs some machines in a club that's already got some. The upshot is I've had to eat shit and stop flogging my machines to other clubs.  So far as I'm concerned, that's it. Apparently not. These people I've offended get the idea that it would be good to take over my whole outfit,  So I'm worried. I can't fight them  I haven't that kind of set-up. But I've got to fix them before they fix me. Trouble is, if I try and they find out, I'm dead.
Yes.
A new venture of mine. It's going to be a restaurant.  Do you like it?
You're a big man, but you're in bad shape. With me, it's a full- time job. Now behave yourself.
Bloody well tell me who sent you.
Never mind.
What about?
I made a mistake.
What?
I made a mistake.
Well?
I know.
You know what the bloody time is!  It's two o'clock in the bloody morning!
You must be joking,  Keep him away from the telephone. I'm going out for a bit.
Can I go now?
On the Durham Road. The Pantiles.
Address?
He's got a new place at Burnham.
Where's he living these days?
Brumby!
Who sent you, Thorpey?
No, don't Jack, don't.
Yes you can.
I can't Jack. How can I?
Who paid you to see me off?
Oh, really. You're getting very optimistic in your old age, aren't you, Thorpey?
I've been asked to make sure you don't.
That's very kind of somebody. Who do I have to thank?  What happens if I miss the train?
Train goes at four minutes past twelve. You've just got time.
You stay in the car. I'll come and listen.  What you want to tell me, Thorpey?
Confidential, like.
That's nice.
I'd like a word with you, Jack.
Good evening.
Jack?
I don't know nothing.
You bloody whore. Frank was too careful to die like that. Who killed him?
It is. Honestly.
It's the truth.
I don't believe you, Margaret. Frank wasn't like that.  I'm the villain in the family, remember?
He wanted me to leave Dave and marry him. Last Friday I told him it wouldn't work. Dave would have killed us both!  He followed me home and kicked up a stink in the street,  I had to tell Frank I couldn't see him any more. It was getting too dodgy. That was on Sunday.  He said he'd kill himself. I was frightened what you might do.
What was bugging Frank?
Look, I'm me, right. You're not. We are what we are, like it or not.  Why all the bloody needle?
Once a week you like a gentleman?
He was gentlemanly. I like that.
I call that regular.
Once a week?
Why'd you see him so regular?
Yes. I can't help the way I am.
Though nicer than most?
Yes.
But he was just another feller, wasn't he?
Nicer than most.
Nothing more? Just another feller?
He was all right to me.
How were things between you and Frank?
Tomorrow morning, then?
I can't.
I want to talk to you later.
I must go. I'm in a hurry.
Really.
Killed?  I don't know anything about it.
Hold it!   Hold it!  Who killed Frank, Margaret?
No. No. It's not like that. I've got a husband, you know.
What do you mean? You've been Frank's bird ever since her mother cleared off. You're closer to her than anyone.
She's nothing to do with me.
Doreen.
What about?
Fine...  I want to talk to you.
Everyhing go off all right?
Well, it's Carter. That's my name,  And her father was my brother. And he was murdered last Sunday. Now get up and get dressed.
No.
And you didn't know her last name?
The girl's name was Doreen. That's all I know.
Now tell me the truth.
Your brother? What you talking about?
Did my brother Frank find out?
Expect so.
Then he must have pulled her.
Yeah.
Who set it up?  Eric?
Yeah.
Is it one of Kinnear's films?
Shouldn't think so.
Was it Albert?
I don't know.
The young girl. Who pulled her?
What girl?
Tell me about the girl.
You've been watching the film.
I want to give you an Oscar.
Sure I'm sure.
You sure about that?
Not entirely. No.
That's why you waited for me.
Especially when I play the lead.
Does Brumby get a kick out of that crap?
Now you're asking.
What kind of entertaining?
Entertaining.
What does he want that bloody great country place for?
He won't. He thinks I'm simple.
Aren't you scared Kinnear will find out?
Don't worry. He's meeting the architects at the restaurant.
Is he coming here?
Brumby.
Who's setting you up in this place?
We're there now.
And what was that?
Oh, he was. He told me a magic spell that would make you come.
He must have been pretty sure I'd come.
Nasty.
Very lucky, I should think. You're drunk!
You were seen parking your car. The demon king waves his wand and I was dispatched to bring you to him. Lucky for you I waited.
How'd you know where I'd be?
Of course. Where else?
To the demon king's castle, of course.
So where are we going, Princess?
A fairy godmother, all of your own. Aren't you lucky?
No. I didn't know that.
You didn't know you had a fairy godmother, did you?
Could you please put my glass on the table?
Yeah, I'll do you a favour.
Could you do me a favour?
Was he?
He was here for four days.
While he was here. You went about together?
Yes, while he was here.
Really?
We went about together.
No.
He came to see Mr Kinnear.
Really?
Oh yes. When he came up on business.
Go on.
Yes. I met him last year.
No, do you really?
Yes.
Oh, do you?
Sid Fletcher.
Who?
I know him too.
Yes, I do.
Do you?
I work for him.
You know Sid Fletcher?
What?
You know Sid Fletcher?
Frank was a good bloke. It's the least I could have done.
Thanks for coming.
No. It's all right.
Look, look.  Get your suit cleaned.
No. I'll be off now. I should be at work.
Have another?
Don't worry. She's bound to be upset.
Let her go. She'll be OK.  Sorry about that.
Yeah. A bloody funny thing!
It's a bloody funny thing. You know a bloke for six bloody years and all the time he's as calm as gentle Jesus...  ...then he goes and does a thing like that.  It's a bloody funny thing.
No. Frank was a good bloke.
Nice of you to come.
We weren't sure where it was taking place, like.
Thanks.
Good. I'm off tomorrow, so I don't suppose I'll see you again.  There. Go and get your hair done.
Nice family, are they? Church-goers and all that?
Wilton Estate.
Where's that?
At me friend's house.
Where you going to live, then?
No.
You coming to South America?
Yeah.
You all right now?
Yes.
That must be interesting.
Working at Woolworths.
Oh, what you doing now?
I left last year.
How's school?
They said he was drunk.
Tell me, Doreen, did the police say anything?
Yeah.
Sorry about your father.
I'm sorry. Here. This'll pay for a course in karate.
Stuff it! My girl friend's coming from Liverpool tonight.  Nice surprise, isn't it?
Oh yes? How?
All right. All right. I want to square things with you first.
Get knotted.
No, I didn't,  Does Albert Swift still live over the ferry?
No.  You bastard. You knew they'd come back.
Did they give you a rough time?
How'd you find me?
What happened to you, then?
Ten to one, it belonged to Cliff Brumby, and like as not the bloody arcade as well. Right along the coast. Isn't that right, Thorpey?
Yeah.
Ever been into an arcade there and put a penny in the slot machine?
Cliff Brumby. Ever been to Westsea?
Who's Brumby?
Ah, Edna, come in. Join the tea set.
Four of them.
How many?
Thorpey. They were waiting for us in the car park.
Las Vegas.
Where you off to?
See you later.
Good lad.
Nowt.
That's nice. What'd you tell him?
Said he'd heard you were up in town. Wondered if I knew where you was staying. Wanted to look you up. Old time's sake.
That's what he was saying about you.
Old Thorpey? Haven't seen him in a long time.
Heard of a man called Thorpe?
Large Scotch.
What you having, Jack?
Went to school with him.  He was leader of our gang. He'll know what's going on in this town.
How'd you know Albert?
Today? At the races. He always goes.
Where would I find him?
Yeah. He comes in here a bit.
I'm at the Las Vegas. Behind the dance hall.  Do you know a man called Albert Swift?
Right.
Keith, if anybody comes in here and asks for me, you let me know. Right?
Yes.
You work here, Keith?
Nobody seems to know.
Don't know.
Since when did he drink whisky?
It just would. He was always the same.
Why would it?
Come off it. Frank was... well... straight. He had no worries I know. Hell, we worked together every day for a year. It would have showed.
That's what I was wondering.
I mean, what for?
At the Half Moon.
Did you work with him, Keith?
I mean, I was surprised when he didn't turn up for work.  He was always on time.
What?
I couldn't believe it when I heard. Carter is suddenly attentive.
How could I stay away?
You coming back?
I'm going to sit in the car and whistle 'Rule, Britannia'.
What you going to do?
I don't want to get rough, do I?
And that'll make me feel better?
They're friends of mine.
Not much.
No chance of that.
What, and get myself beaten up again?
Do us a favour?
No. I'm not tired,  Do you eat breakfast?
No. Are you tired?
Are you tired?
Yes, thank you.
Did you sleep well?
Uh-huh.
You must be joking. I never eat breakfast,  Did you sleep well?
Do you want breakfast?
No.
Are you awake?
Think about it.
What's that supposed to mean?
'Cos I know you wear purple underwear.
How'd you know I wouldn't?
You wouldn't.
What's that gun doing in your room? Suppose I phoned the police and told them there's a bloke staying in my hotel who's planning to shoot somebody?
So shut up.
What am I supposed to do?  I don't know where they've taken him. Do you?
You're a bastard.
Pension him off.
What you going to do?
What about Keith?
What about Keith?
That little shit!
Thorpey nearly died laughing.
And what about you? Did you kill Brumby?
You're lucky. They kill as well.
They bloody hurt me.
Don't ask me.
What'll they do to him?
No.
They came back?
You sod.
Ta-ra.
Now just a minute...
Stick the soft soap. Let's be having it.
Yes, Edna, and I must say you've been great about the ...
Suppose you tell me what the bloody hell's going on. It's my house, you know.
No, you won't.
I'll call the police.
Make us a nice cup of tea and I'll tell you. I might even let you watch.
And what you going to do?
Up the stairs, Keith. The door on the right.
Inside? Why should I give house- room to your sort?
Don't come that bloody flannel with me. If you're a traveller, I'm bloody Twiggy.  And who's he?
No. Really, I am.
You don't look it.
I'm sorry.
What the bloody hell do you think you're at?
It'll cost you.
Funny.  Can I phone London?
Is he staying the night?
My brother, Frank.
What is it?
I'll bet this one's seen some action.
Ta.
You sure?
Don't be bloody silly. You're the first since Monday.
Very nice.  I'll pay you for tonight as well.
Will this do?
Definitely.
Are you a traveller?
It never is.
It's not like that, luv.
Her husband docks tomorrow, does he?
I'm staying with a friend.
I see.
I won't be using the room tonight.
Still got your sense of humour.
Eh? Have a drink.
Sod off.
You couldn't win an egg and spoon race, Eric.
Not till I'm dead, Eric.
You're finished, Jack. You know that, don't you? I've bloody finished you.
He's thinking Sid and Gerald won't like it much when they hear you've been sticking your nose in.
Oh, Cyril, eh? So it's all girls together, is it?
Cyril didn't like it, either.
You should have told me who you were working for.
Jack! I didn't like that.
Can't say I do.
Yes, I retained that, Eric.  Do you know a man called Albert Swift, Eric?
Still got a sense of humour?
They're still the same. Piss holes in the snow.
Good prospects for advancement, is there? A pension?  Do you know, I'd almost forgotten what your eyes looked like.
Making a living.
So you're doing all right then, Eric. You're making good.
And you should know, if I remember rightly.
That's not always a healthy way to be...
I've always ad your welfare at heart, Eric. Besides which, I'm nosy.
What's it to you anyway?
Yeah,  Come off it, Eric. Who is it?
Oh, you've been watching television.
What are you doing? Advertising Martini?
Oh, I'm straight.  Respectable.
Very...  So, who you working for these days Eric?
Well, well. Small world, isn't it?
That's all right, Eric.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
A bereavement. A death in the family.
Meaning what?
It would be. If they were still living.
Oh, that's nice.
No. I'm visiting relatives.
Thanks. So what're you doing? On your holidays?
Funny, that.
No, I didn't know that.
Didn't you know this is my home town?
What you doing around here then?
Eric. Eric Paice.
Jack Carter.
Is he?
Yeah, I'll do that.  Told you it wouldn't take long, didn't I?
Of course, of course. Well, any time, just drop by.
I have to. Things to see to.
Not going, Jack?
Yes.
Nasty way to go.
Yeah.
If I'd known, I'd have fixed him up with something better.
No? Funny that. Neither did I.
Do you know, I never knew he worked in one of my places!
Yep.
Eric told me of your bereavement.
Piss off, Ray.
Scotch, please.
Sit down, Jack,  I could weep. I really could. Sometimes I think I'll retire. Just piss off to the Bahamas and let somebody else employ them,  Glenda, get Jack a drink. What is it, Jack?
Yes, I can see your problem, Mr Kinnear.
Shut up.
Gerald wants to see him first.
The gun he means.
Put it away, Jack. You know you won't use it.
But they have to be diplomatic.
We know why you're all steamed up, and so do Gerald and Sid.
He said it'd be doing him a big favour.
We've got to take you back to London.
Gerald phoned us in the middle of the night, said he'd heard you've been making a nuisance of yourself.
What? And get the clap?
Knock it off, Gerald.
Not suede boots!
Ask Jack. It's his old stamping ground.
Ask me?
What for? Protective purposes?
They do that up North.
Bollock naked with his socks still on?
Shut up.
How about that, Jack?  Old Harry thought I was having him on.
Calling my bluff, are you, Harry?
I'll see you, then.
No.
You're not seeing me?
That's right.
Four hundred?
That's six hundred pounds, Harry. Two hundred to follow you, and I've raised it four hundred.
What's that?
Ha.
All right. Two hundred.
Three hundred altogether, Harry.
Three hundred altogether?
That, Harry? That's another hundred - twenty-five pounds notes of the realm.
What's that?
Your hundred, and another hundred.
That's right, Harry.
What's that? A hundred?
That's what you pay to find out. Right, Jack?
You're bluffing, you bastard!
Oh... I think I'll stay as I am.
Harry! Jack, I don't want to be rude, but these men have brought a lot of money with them. Glenda, you don't offer a man like Jack a drink in those piddling little glasses.  Give him the bloody bottle.  Now, where are we?
Are we here to play cards or talk about the old days?
If anyone's going, I could use some coffee.
Uh-huh.
Fine.
How ya doing?
Can we get some coffee...?
Because you listened.
And why is that?
Yes.
I do?
I lied.  Alright?  My end is my business. Your end's twenty-five.  In or out. You tell me, you're out you take the consequences.
What is the five grand?  What is the, you said that we were going to split five...
Hey, hey, let's just keep it simple, what I need is not the...what do you need...?
You need money?  Is that the...
Is that what I just said?
Do you need five grand?
Why?  Why you going to give me five grand?
Why?
So I'm making it concrete.
In the abstract...
You went for it.
Well, well, well, talk to me, we sat down to eat dinner, and here I'm a criminal...
That's none of your fucking business...
Why are you doing this to me, Dave. Why are you talking this way to me? I don't understand.  Why are you doing this at all...?
That's right.
Why?  Why, because you only told me about it?
Then tough luck, George, because you are.
I didn't ask to be.
Well, to the law, you're an accessory.  Before the fact.
That's ridiculous.
Absolutely.
Me?
...they take me, then.  They're going to ask me who were my accomplices.
...I thought that we were only talking...
...and rob the place...
...you don't have to come in...
Then listen to this: I have to get those leads tonight.  That's something I have to do.  If I'm not at the movies...if I'm not eating over at the inn...If you don't do this, then I have to come in here...
Yes.  I'm sure.
Are you sure?
No.
You wouldn't, George, that's why I'm talking to you.  Answer me. They come to you.  You going to turn me in?
Why would I do it?
They're going to come to everyone.
Why would they come to me?
They come to you, you going to turn me in?
What if you don't get caught?
Listen to this.  I have an alibi, I'm going to the Como Inn, why? Why?  The place gets robbed, they're going to come looking for me.  Why?  Because I probably did it.  Are you going to turn me in?  George?  Are you going to turn me in?
What does that mean?
Oh, yes, George.
Yes.
You want me to break into the office tonight and steal the leads?
Yes.
Dave.
What will they know?  That I stole the leads?  I didn't steal the leads, I'm going to the movies tonight with a friend, and then I'm going to the Como Inn.  Why did I go to Graff?  I got a better deal. Period.  Let 'em prove something. They can't prove anything that's not the case.
They'll know when you go over to Graff...
It's not something for nothing, George, I took you in on this, you have to go.  That's your thing. I've made the deal with Graff.  I can't go.  I can't go in, I've spoken on this too much.  I've got a big mouth.  "The fucking leads" et cetera, blah blah blah "...the fucking tight ass company..."
I...
Yes.
You have to go in.  You have to get the leads.
Me?
You.
I'm sorry?
You...
You're, you're saying so you have to go in there tonight and...
That's right, the guys are moving them downtown.  After the thirtieth. Murray and Mitch.  After the contest.
You have to steal the leads tonight?
What?  What?  The leads.
What?
Yes.  It is, George.  Yes.  It's a big decision.  And it's a big reward.  It's a big reward.  For one night's work.  But it's got to be tonight.
He would take you on.  Yes.
He'd give me a job.
Is that what I said?
A job with Graff.
Yes.  Twenty-five hundred apiece.  One night's work, and the job with Graff.  Working the premium leads.
You're saying "me."
However they are, that's the deal. A buck a throw.  Five thousand dollars.  Split it half and half.
For five thousand?
A buck a shot.
What will he pay?
Yes.
What did he say?  He'd buy them.
What did he say?
Is that what I said?
Did you talk to Graff?
Did I say that?
Have I said that?
You're going to steal the leads?
That's right.
You're actually talking about this?
That's right.  It's a crime.  It is a crime.  It's also very safe.
Because, because, you know, it's a crime.
We are?
Yes.  I said, "Not actually." The fuck you care, George?  We're just talking...
What did you say?
Did you?
No.  Not actually.
You didn't?
Not actually, no.
So all this, um, you didn't, actually, you didn't go talk to Graff.
Hey.
Well.  Well...
As a "robbery"?!  No.
As a robbery.
No.
Talking about it as a...
No.
We're not actually talking about it.
Yes.
As an idea.
We're just speaking about it.  As an idea.
We're just "talking" about it.
No, we're just...
Yes.  I mean are you actually talking about this, or are we just...
No.  What do you mean?  Have I talked to him about this?
You haven't talked to him.
Graff?  Because I worked for him.
How do you know he'd buy them?
Yes.
And you're saying a fella could take and sell these leads to Jerry Graff.
The Glengarry...the premium leads...? I'd say we got five thousand.  Five. Five thousand leads.
How many leads have we got?
What could we get for them?  I don't know.  Buck a throw...buck-a- half a throw...I don't know...Hey, who knows what they're worth, what do they pay for them?  All told...must be, I'd... three bucks a throw...I don't know.
What could somebody get for them?
That's what I'm saying.  We were, if we were that kind of guys, to knock it off, and trash the joint, it looks like robbery, and take the fuckin' leads out of the files...go to Jerry Graff.
Huh.
Someone should rob the office.
What? 
How?  Do something to hurt them. Where they live.
How?
Yes.
Someone should hurt them.
Something.  To pay them back.  Someone, someone should hurt them. Murray and Mitch.
What?
Should do something to them.
Yes...?
Somebody...
What do you mean?
Someone should stand up and strike back.
What?
I want to tell you what somebody should do.
What?
Look look look look, when they build your business, then you can't fucking turn around, enslave them, treat them like children, fuck them up the ass, leave them to fend for themselves... no.  No.  You're absolutely right, and I want to tell you something.
When they...
They have...
They...
...you're absolutely right.
Men come work for you...
You fucking build it!  Men come...
That's what I...
You build it!
You...
You...
No.
You don't ax your sales force.
Huh.
That's the God's truth.  And it gets me depressed.  I swear that it does.  At MY AGE.  To see a goddamn: "Somebody wins the Cadillac this month.  P.S. Two guys get fucked."
That's the truth...
He made up those rules, and we're working for him.
That's right...
To say "I'm going on my own." 'Cause what you do, George, let me tell you what you do: you find yourself in thrall to someone else. And we enslave ourselves.  To please.  To win some fucking toaster...to...to... and the guy who got there first made up those...
What act?
Just the act.
What?
Of doing the thing.  The dif...the difference.  Between me and Jerry Graff.  Going to business for yourself.  The hard part is...you know what it is?
What hard part?
Starting up.
What?
Yes.  It is.  It is simple, and you know what the hard part is?
No, it's not that simple, Dave...
What do you need? A telephone, some broad to say "Good morning," nothing...nothing...
The leads, the overhead, the telephones, there's lots of things.
That's what I'm saying.  Why?  The leads.  He's got the good leads... what are we, we're sitting in the shit here.  Why?  We have to go to them to get them.  Huh.  Ninety percent our sale, we're paying to the office for the leads.
Himself?
River Oaks, Brook Farms.  All of that shit.  Somebody told me, you know what he's clearing himself? Fourteen, fifteen grand a week.
With River Oaks?
You hear a lot of things...He's doing very well.  He's doing very well.
Yes.
The nurses?
I heard that they were running cold.
He's doing very well.
He is?
So Graff buys a fucking list of nurses, one grand--if he paid two I'll eat my hat--four, five thousand nurses, and he's going wild...
Nurses.
That's thinking.  Now, he's got the leads, he goes in business for himself.  He's...that's what I... that's thinking! "Who?  Who's got a steady job, a couple bucks nobody's touched, who?"
Yes.
Look at Jerry Graff.  He's clean, he's doing business for himself, he's got his, that list of his with the nurses...see?  You see?  That's thinking.  Why take ten percent?  A ten percent comm...why are we giving the rest away?  What are we giving ninety per...for nothing. For some jerk sit in the office tell you "Get out there and close." "Go win the Cadillac." Graff.  He goes out and buys.  He pays top dollar for the... you see?
No.
You know who it is.  It's Mitch. And Murray.  'Cause it doesn't have to be this way.
Who?
Yes, it is.  And you know who's responsible?
Yes.
...sales promotion, "You lose, then we fire your..." No.  It's medieval... it's wrong. "Or we're going to fire your ass." It's wrong.
For some sales pro...
For some fuckin' "Sell ten thousand and you win the steak knives..."
Shoes, boots, yes...
...cower in his boots...
...that's right...
And so they kill the goose.  I, I, I'll...and a fuckin' man, worked all his life has got to...
No.  That's absolutely right.
Eh?
...that's right...
Goddamn right, that's right.  Guys come on: "Oh, the blah blah blah, I know what I'll do: I'll go in and rob everyone blind and go to Argentina cause nobody ever thought of this before."
That's right?
Eh...?
That's right?
I know it's not.  I'll tell you, you got, you know, you got...what did I learn as a kid on Western? Don't sell a guy one car.  Sell him five cars over fifteen years.
And it's not right to the customers.
No.
It's not.
It's not right.
I...
Some contest board...
I, I...I...
All of, they got you on this "board..."
You're on this...
You get a bad month, all of a...
It's too...
Eh?
It is.
It's too...
...this shit...
We're stuck with this fucking shit...
We're stuck with this...
And now...
They did.
They killed the goose.
They did.
Well, they fucked it up.
They came in and they, you know...
The whole fuckin' thing...The pressure's just too great.  You're ab...you're absolu...they're too important.  All of them.  You go in the door.  I..."I got to close this fucker, or I don't eat lunch," "or I don't win the Cadillac..." We fuckin' work too hard.  You work too hard.  We all, I remember when we were at Platt...huh?  Glen Ross Farms... didn't we sell a bunch of that..."
What?
You had one you'd know it.  Patel. They keep coming up.  I don't know. They like to talk to salesmen.  They're lonely, something.  They like to feel superior, I don't know.  Never bought a fucking thing. You're sitting down "The Rio Rancho this, the blah blah blah," "The Mountain View--" "Oh yes.  My brother told me that..." They got a grapevine.  Fuckin' Indians, George. Not my cup of tea.  Speaking of which I want to tell you something:  I never got a cup of tea with them. You see them in the restaurants.  A supercilious race.  What is this look on their face all the time?  I don't know.  I don't know.  Their broads all look like they just got fucked with a dead cat, I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't like it. Christ...
I...I don't know.
You did?
Well, I think I had one once.
You ever get 'em?
Mmm...
You get those names come up, you ever get 'em, "Patel?"
I'd never try to sell an Indian.
To get on the board.  Yeah.  How you goan'a get on the board sell'n a Polack?  And I'll tell you, I'll tell you what else.  You listening? I'll tell you what else: don't ever try to sell an Indian.
To get on the...
You had to, yeah.  Why?
I had to.
You missed a fucking sale.  Big deal.  A deadbeat Polack.  Big deal. How you going to sell 'em in the first place...?  Your mistake, you shoun'a took the lead.
I'm not?
You have to cheer up, George, you aren't out yet.
Where am I going to work?
All of 'em.  They, hey: it happens to us all.
...they hold on to their money...
Deadbeats all.
...Polacks...
Polacks and deadbeats.
I'll be at the restaurant. </pre> </html>
Oh, God, I hate this job.
No.
Did the leads come in yet?
Do you understand?  My stuff is mine, his stuff is ours.  I'm taking half of his commissions-- now, you work it out.
Did they catch...?
You understand?
Did they...?
Uh, uh, did he go to the restaurant?  I...I... 
Will you excuse us please?
Where did Moss...?  I...
Will you excuse...
Yes.
You think so?
They're inured to it.
Why?
Thieves.
No, who?
Yeah.  You know who doesn't?
When I talk to the police, I get nervous.
You have nothing to hide.
No.
Then don't sweat it, George, you know why?
No.
Yes.
Was I?
See...?  Were you the guy who broke in?
At home.
I was at home, where were you?
Yes.
Where was I?
Where were you?
Why?  Because they're stupid. "Where were you last night..."
Why don't you think so?
No.
They aren't?
Yes.  The cops.  No.
The cops?
Why? 'Cause they aren't going to find the guy.
A waste of time?  Why?
Yeah.  That's swell.  Another waste of time.
Yeah.
To the cops?
He said we...
What?
He said we're all going to have to go talk to the guy.
Were the leads insured?
...what am I going to do all month...
Were the leads...
Down the street.
You think they're going to catch... where are you going?
They stole the phones.  They stole the leads.  They're...Christ.  What am I going to do this month? Oh, shit... 
Where criminals can come in here... they take the...
They stole the phones.
What.  What kind of outfit are we running where...where anyone...
They stole the...
They stole...
He filed half of them, he filed the big one.  All the little ones, I have, I have to go back and...ah, fuck, I got to go out like a fucking schmuck hat in my hand and reclose the...  I mean, talk about a bad streak. That would sap anyone's self confi... I got to go out and reclose all my... Where's the phones?
He said he filed...
You hit a bad streak.  We've all... look at this: fifteen units Mountain View, the fucking things get stole.
I am?
That's not...Fuck that shit, George. You're a, hey, you had a bad month. You're a good man, George.
Everything I...you know...
That's...
Yes.  I'm no fucking good.
It's a waste of time.
It is dead.
Clear Meadows.  That shit's dead.
Clear...
They're ancient.
Yes.  They are old.
Huh?
Yes.
Well, they're old.  I saw the shit that they were giving you.
I can't close 'em.
What?  You can't do any what?
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm fucked on the board.  You.  You see how...I...  I can't...my mind must be in other places. 'Cause I can't do any...
I don't...yes.  Okay, the board.
I'm fine.  You mean the board?  You mean the board...?
Yeah.  That's swell.  Yes.  You're right.  How are you?
Then, you know, they wouldn't be so ups...
What do you care...?
I, you know, they should be insured.
I didn't rob...
Rick, I'm going to flag a cab.
...how can you talk to me that... that...
We had a robbery. 
Wh...wh...Wha...?
Thank you, George.
That's great.
You...
Shelly, the Machine, Levene.
Fuck.  I had them on River Glen.
Read it.  Bruce and Harriett Nyborg.  What happened here?
Did they find the guy who broke into the office yet?
Mmm.
Will you get out of here.  Will you get out of here.  Will you.  I'm trying to run an office here.  Will you go to lunch?  Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? 
I meet gestapo tactics...I meet gestapo tactics...That's not right... No man has the right to..."Call an attorney," that means you're guilt... you're under sus..."Co...," he says, "cooperate" or we'll go downtown.  That's not...as long as I've...
Excuse me...
That's what, that's what, that's what I was trying to do.  That's why I came in...I meet gestapo tac...
Will you take it outside, we have people trying to do business here...
Where does he get off to talk that way to a working man?  It's not...
Go to lunch, George.
I don't want to go to lunch.
Just go to lunch.
...that's why I came in.  I thought I...
The leads come in, I'll let...
I want to work today, that's why I came...
Go to lunch, will you...
...Come in here...I work here, I don't come in here to be mistreated...
I didn't...why should I..."Where were you last..." Is anybody listening to me...?  Where's Moss...?  Where...?
Shelly: get in the office.
That's right.  You want to go out today...?
That they're going to be upset.
What?
'Cause, you know, 'cause they weren't, I know that Mitch and Murray uh...
I don't know, George, why?
I'm sure that we're insured, George... 
I, um, and may...maybe they're in... they're in...you should, John, if we're ins...
In school.
Who used to say that?
Get in the goddamn room.
Hey, hey, hey, easy friend.  That's the "Machine." That is Shelly "The Machine" Lev...
I'm going to the Chinks.  You're done, come down, we're going to smoke a cigarette.
Mr. Levene, I think we have to talk.
And let's put this together.  Okay? Shel?  Say okay.
Would you come in here, please?
You're done, come down, and let's...
Mr. Levene...?
Anyone in this office lives on their wits...  I'm going to be with you in a second.  What you're hired for is to help us--does that seem clear to you? 
Hey, fella, let's get this done...
I'm going to have your job, shithead. I'm going downtown and talk to Mitch and Murrray, and I'm going to Lemkin.  I don't care whose nephew you are, who you know, whose dick you're sucking on.  You're going out, I swear to you, you're going...
Could I...
You stupid fucking cunt.  You, Williamson...I'm talking to you, shithead...You just cost me six thousand dollars.  Six thousand dollars.  And one Cadillac.  That's right.  What are you going to do about it?  What are you goin to do about it, asshole. You fucking shit.  Where did you learn your trade.  You stupid fucking cunt.  You idiot.  Whoever told you you could work with men?
You call them again.  Mr. Williamson...!
The people downtown said...
I'm talking with Mr. Lingk.  If you please, I'll be back in.  I'll be back in a while...I told you, check with Mr. Williamson.
Roma, would you, I'd like to get some lunch...
Yes, I have a problem.  Yes, I do, my fr...It's not me that ripped the joint off, I'm doing business. I'll be with you in a while.  You got it...?  Where are you going?
You have a problem?
I've...look.  Will someone get this guy off my back.
Roma!  I'm talking to you...
Levene!!
Which, wait a second, which is not until the check is cashed.
Levene!
Listen to me, the statute, it's for your protection.  I have no complaints with that, in fact, I was a member of the board when we drafted it, so quite the opposite. It says that you can change your mind three working days from the time the deal is closed.
They took the typewriters, they took the leads, they took the cash, they took the contracts...
Aaronow...
Are you talking to me?
Please don't leave.  I'm going to talk to you.  What's your name?
Fuck insured.  You owe me a car.
Would you excuse us, please.
And I don't want any fucking shit and I don't give a shit, Lingk puts me over the top, you filed it, that's fine, any other shit kicks out you go back.  You...you reclose it, 'cause I closed it and you...you owe me the car.
How the fuck do I know?  What...talk to me.
Moss...Who told him?
Who told me wh...?  You've got a fuckin', you've...a...who is this...?  You've got a board-up on the window...Moss told me.
Who told you...?
Who are you?
Oh, fuck.  Fuck.  FUCK FUCK FUCK!  WILLIAMSON!!! WILLIAMSON!!!  OPEN THE FUCKING...WILLIAMSON...
Don't fuck with me, fella.  I'm talking about a fuckin' Cadillac car that you owe me...
Would you excuse us, please...?
...did they...
Excuse me, fella.
Did they get my contracts?
Excuse me, sir...
Williamson...Williamson, they stole the contracts...?
Fuck you.
John: John:...my daughter...
Because I don't like you.
Why?
I'm sorry.
Don't.
You did?
Call up the bank.  I called them.
Their check's no good?  They're nuts...?
You stick around I'll pull the memo for you.  I'm busy now...
The check's no good?
Forget it.  Frame it.  It's worthless.
I've got the check...
Where have you been, Shelly?  Bruce and Harriet Nyborg.  Do you want to see the memos...?  They're nuts... they used to call in every week. When I was with Webb.  And we were selling Arizona...they're nuts...did you see how they were living?  How can you delude yours...
Abso...
Only the beginning...
What sales...?  I just closed eighty-two grand...Are you fuckin'...I'm back...I'm back, this is only the beginning.
What sales?
I...what?  Are you, are you, that's why...?  Are you nuts?  I'm...I'm going to close for you, I'm going to...  Here, here, I'm going to make this office...I'm going to be back there Number One...Hey, hey, hey!  This is only the beginning...List...list... listen. Listen.  Just one moment. List...here's what...here's what we're going to do.  Twenty percent. I'm going to give you twenty percent of my sales...  Twenty percent.  For as long as I am with the firm.  Fifty percent.  You're going to be my partner.  Fifty percent.  Of all my sales.
No, I think I don't want your money. I think you fucked up my office. And I think you're going away.
I...
No, I don't think so, Shel.
Wait...uh, look...  Look, twelve, twenty, two, twen... twenty-five hundred, it's...take it.  Take it all...  Take it!
You've got a big mouth, and now I'm going to show you an even bigger one. 
What?
I want to tell you something, Shelly.  You have a big mouth.
Okay: I...look: I'm going to make it worth your while.  I am.  I turned this thing around.  I closed the old stuff, I can do it again. I'm the one's going to close 'em. I am!  I am! 'Cause I turned this thing a...I can do that, I can do anyth...last night.  I'm going to tell you, I was ready to Do the Dutch.  Moss gets me, "Do this, we'll get well..." Why not.  Big fuckin' deal.  I'm halfway hoping to get caught.  To put me out of my...  But it taught me something.  What it taught me, that you've got to get out there.  Big deal.  So I wasn't cut out to be a thief.  I was cut out to be a salesman.  And now I'm back, and I got my balls back...and, you know, John, you have the advantage on me now: Whatever it takes to make it right, we'll make it right.  We're going to make it right.
Mmm.
He told me my share was twenty-five.
Uh-huh?
I...I'm sure he got more than the five, actually.
Was it?
It was his idea.
That was easy, wasn't it?
Do I have to tell you?  Moss.
Who kept the other half?
Five thousand.  I kept half.
How much did you get for them?  How much did you get for them?
I sold them to Jerry Graff.
I...
If you tell me where the leads are, I won't turn you in.  If you don't, I am going to tell the cop you stole them, Mitch and Murray will see that you go to jail.  Believe me they will.  Now, what did you do with the leads?  I'm walking in that door--you have five seconds to tell me: or you are going to jail.
I don't know what you are saying.
What'd you do with the leads?  You want to go in there?  I tell him what I know, he's going to dig up something...You got an alibi last night?  You better have one. What did you do with the leads?  If you tell me what you did with the leads, we can talk.
Sure!  I robbed the office.  Sure.
You robbed the office.
You're so full of shit.
Well, I'm saying this, Shel: usually I take the contracts to the bank.  Last night I didn't.  How did you know that?  One night in a year I left a contract on my desk. Nobody knew that but you.  Now how did you know that?  You want to talk to me, you want to talk to someone else...because this is my job.  This is my job on the line, and you are going to talk to me.  Now how did you know that contract was on my desk?
Don't fuck with me, John, don't fuck with me...what are you saying?
No.  It hadn't.
Well, hadn't it?
I told the customer that his contracts had gone to the bank.
What are you talking about?
You said, "You don't make something up unless it's sure to help."  How did you know that I made it up?
What are you talking about?
How do you know I made it up?
What?
How do you know I made it up?
...excuse me, nothing, you be as cold as you want, but you just fucked a good man out of six thousand dollars and his goddamn bonus 'cause you didn't know the shot, if you can do that and you aren't man enough that it gets you, then I don't know what, if you can't take some thing from that...  you're scum, you're fucking white- bread.  You be as cold as you want. A child would know it, he's right.  You're going to make something up, be sure it will help or keep your mouth closed.
Excuse me...
You listen to me, someday you might say, "Hey..." No, fuck that, you just listen what I'm going to say: your partner depends on you.  Your partner...a man who's your "partner" depends on you...you have to go with him and for him...or you're shit, you're shit, you can't exist alone...
Why I don't...
What Roma's trying to tell you. What I told you yesterday.  Why you don't belong in this business.
What are you trying to tell me?
Yes, I am.
You are?
Yes.  Mmm.  Yes.  Precisely. Precisely. 'Cause your partner depends on it.  I'm talking to you, I'm trying to tell you something.
Mmm.
You can't learn that in an office. Eh?  He's right.  You have to learn it on the streets.  You can't buy that.  You have to live it.
Yes.  I hear you.
You can't think on your feet you should keep your mouth closed.  You hear me?  I'm talking to you. Do you hear me...?
Mmm.
On an eighty-thousand dollar day? And it ain't even noon.
It's not impossible.
Would you?  Would you...?  Or you're gonna what, fire me?
I were you, I'd calm down, Shelly.
Why should the sale not stick? Hey, fuck you.  That's what I'm saying.  You have no idea of your job.  A man's his job and you're fucked at yours.  You hear what I'm saying to you?  Your "end of month board..." You can't run an office. I don't care.  You don't know what it is, you don't have the sense, you don't have the balls.  You ever been on a sit?  Ever?  Has this cocksucker ever been...you ever sit down with a cust...
That if the sale sticks, it will be a miracle.
What does that fucking mean?
The only thing remarkable is who you made it to.
All that I'm telling you: that one thing you can tell them it's a remarkable sale.
Look: I have a lot of things on my mind, they're coming in, alright, they're very upset, I'm trying to make some sense...
It's better than a good sale.  It's a...
How could I tell 'em your sale?  Eh? I don't have a tel...I'll tell 'em your sale when they bring in the leads.  Alright?  Shelly.  Alright? We had a little... You closed a deal.  You made a good sale.  Fine.
Did you tell 'em my sale?
I talked to Murray and Mitch an hour ago.  They're coming in, you understand they're a bit upset over this morning's...
Get 'em to me!
The leads are coming.
Ah, fuck.  Leads!  Leads! Williamson!  Send me out!  Send me out!
Somebody broke in.
What happened?
The deal still stands, our other thing.
That's alright.
That's what I'm saying.  Yeah.  I'd like something off the other list.  Which, very least, that I'm entitled to.  If I'm still working here, which for the moment I guess that I am.  What?  I'm sorry I spoke harshly to you.
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah.  Yeah.
You want something off the B list?
You want to do business that way...? Alright.  Alright.  Alright. Alright.  What is there on the other list...?
Is that it?  Is that it?  You want to do business that way...?
Because I say so.
Why?
I can't split them.
Wait.  Alright.  Fine.  The one.  Give me the lead.  Give me the one lead.  The best one you have.
I have to go... 
Well, I want to tell you something, fella, wasn't long I could pick up the phone, call Murray and I'd have your job.  You know that?  Not too long ago.  For what?  For nothing. "Mur, this new kid burns my ass." "Shelly, he's out." You're gone before I'm back from lunch.  I bought him a trip to Bermuda once...
I can't do it, Shelly...
I'm asking you.  As a favor to me?  John.  John: my daughter...
No.
I'll give you thirty on them now, I'll bring the rest tomorrow.  I've got it at the hotel.  John?  We do that, for chrissake?
Can't do it.
You fucking asshole.  I haven't got it.  I haven't got it, John.  I'll pay you tomorrow.  I'm coming in here with the sales, I'll pay you tomorrow.  I haven't got it, when I pay, the gas...I get back the hotel, I'll bring it in tomorrow.
I wish I could.
Now.  Yes...When?
Now?  Now?
Good.  Now we're talking.
Alright.
Bullshit.  They ain't been in the office yet.  Give 'em some stiff. We have a deal or not?  Eh?  Two sits.  The Des Plaines.  Both of 'em, six and ten, you can do it...six and ten...eight and eleven, I don't give a shit, you set 'em up?  Alright?  The two sits in Des Plaines.
I've got Roma.  Then I've got Moss...
I saw the board.  You've got four...
I'm not sure I have two.
No.  You're right.  That's for later.  We'll talk in a month. What have you got?  I want two sits. Tonight.
What are we going to say?
John.  Listen.  I want to talk to you. Permit me to do this a second.  I'm older than you.  A man acquires a reputation.  On the street.  What he does when he's up, what he does otherwise...I said "ten," you said "no." You said "twenty." I said "fine," I'm not going to fuck with you, how can I beat that, you tell me?...Okay.  Okay.  We'll...Okay. Fine.  We'll...Alright, twenty percent, and fifty bucks a lead. That's fine.  For now.  That's fine. A month or two we'll talk.  A month from now.  Next month.  After the thirtieth.  We'll talk.
And fifty bucks a lead.
Alright.
Twenty percent.
Fuck that.  That's defeatist.  Fuck that.  Fuck it...Get on my side. Go with me.  Let's do something. You want to run this office, run it.
Not lately you can't...
I will close.  John, John, ten percent.  I can get hot.  You know that...
What if you don't?  Then I'm fucked. You see...?  Then it's my job. That's what I'm telling you.
I will close.
What if you don't close...?
I will close.
And what if you don't close.
Of what?
I can't do it, Shel.
I can't close these leads, John. No one can.  It's a joke.  John, look, just give me a hot lead. Just give me two of the premium leads.  As a "test," alright?  As a "test" and I promise you...
You start closing again, you'll be on the board.
Then put me on the board.
...apart from the top men on the contest board.
Bullshit, bullshit, you assign them... What are you telling me?
The leads are assigned randomly...
Why?
They all kick out.  You run in streaks, pal.  Streaks.  I'm... I'm...don't look at the board, look at me.  Shelly Levene.  Anyone. Ask them on Western.  Ask Getz at Homestead.  Go ask Jerry Graff. You know who I am...I NEED A SHOT. I got to get on the fucking board. Ask them.  Ask them.  Ask them who ever picked up a check I was flush. Moss, Jerry Graff, Mitch himself...Those guys lived on the business I brought in.  They lived on it...and so did Murray, John. You were here you'd of benefited from it too.  And now I'm saying this.  Do I want charity?  Do I want pity?  I want sits.  I want leads that don't come right out of a phone book.  Give me a lead hotter than that, I'll go in and close it.  Give me a chance. That's all I want.  I'm going to get up on that fucking board and all I want is a chance.  It's a streak and I'm going to turn it around.  I need your help.
...they kicked out.
I've seen those leads.  I saw them when I was at Homestead, we pitched those cocksuckers Rio Rancho nineteen sixty-nine they wouldn't buy.  They couldn't buy a fucking toaster.  They're broke, John. They're cold.  They're deadbeats, you can't judge on that.  Even so. Even so.  Alright.  Fine.  Fine. Even so.  I go in, FOUR FUCKING LEADS they got their money in a sock.  They're fucking Polacks, John.  Four leads.  I close two. Two.  Fifty per...
I'll tell you why I'm out.  I'm out, you're giving me toilet paper. John. 
Yes.
I'm out.
Either way.  You're out.
That's fucked.  That's fucked.  You don't look at the fucking percentage. You look at the gross.
The...Shelly?  The hot leads are assigned according to the board.  During the contest. Period.  Anyone who beats fifty per...
...ah, fuck this...
Will you please wait a second. Shelly.  Please.  Murray told me: the hot leads...
John.  John...
Murray said...
Money.  A fortune.  Money lying on the ground.  Murray?  When was the last time he went out on a sit? Sales contest?  It's laughable. It's cold out there now, John. It's tight.  Money is tight.  This ain't sixty-five.  It ain't.  It just ain't.  See?  See?  Now, I'm a good man--but I need a...
Fuck him.  Fuck Murray.  John?  You know?  You tell him I said so. What does he fucking know?  He's going to have a "sales" contest...you know what our sales contest used to be? 
Murray said...
The premium leads.  Yes.  I know what they cost.  John.  Because I, I generated the dollar revenue sufficient to buy them.  Nineteen senny-nine, you know what I made? Senny-nine?  Ninety-six thousand dollars.  John?  For Murray... For Mitch...look at the sheets...
You know what those leads cost?
Then how do they come up above that mark?  With dreck...?  That's nonsense.  Explain this to me. 'Cause it's a waste, and it's a stupid waste.  I want to tell you something...
Let me tell you something, Shelly. I do what I'm hired to do. I'm...wait a second.  I'm hired to watch the leads.  I'm given...hold on, I'm given a policy.  My job is to do that.  What I'm told.  That's it.  You, wait a second, anybody falls below a certain mark I'm not permitted to give them the premium leads.
Yes.
...let me...are you listening to me...?
...and I'm going to get bounced and you're...
Let me...
Yes.  I am.  I'm sorry to antagonize you.
You're saying that I'm fucked.
Marshal the leads...marshal the leads?  What the fuck, what bus did you get off of, we're here to fucking sell.  Fuck marshaling the leads.  What the fuck talk is that? What the fuck talk is that?  Where did you learn that?  In school?  That's "talk," my friend, that's "talk." Our job is to sell.  I'm the man to sell.  I'm getting garbage.  You're giving it to me, and what I'm saying is it's fucked.
I have.  And my job is to marshal those leads...
...you talk to Murray...
Murray...
Bullshit the thirtieth, I don't get on the board the thirtieth, they're going to can my ass.  I need the leads.  I need them now.  Or I'm gone, and you're going to miss me, John, I swear to you.
...after the thirtieth...
...it isn't you...?  Who is it? Who is this I'm talking to?  I need the leads...
It isn't me...
Lately kiss my ass lately.  That isn't how you build an org...talk, talk to Murray.  Talk to Mitch. When we were on Peterson, who paid for his fucking car?  You talk to him.  The Seville...?  He came in, "You bought that for me Shelly." Out of what?  Cold calling.  Nothing. Sixty-five, when we were there, with Glen Ross Farms?  You call 'em downtown.  What was that?  Luck? That was "luck"?  Bullshit, John. You're burning my ass, I can't get a fucking lead...you think that was luck.  My stats for those years? Bullshit...over that period of time...?  Bullshit.  It wasn't luck. It was skill.  You want to throw that away, John...?  You want to throw that away?
Not lately it isn't.
Bullshit.  John.  Bullshit.  April, September 1981.  It's me.  It isn't fucking Moss.  Due respect, he's an order taker, John.  He talks, he talks a good game, look at the board, and it's me, John, it's me...
Moss.
Under him?
Roma.
What is this "you say"?  A deal kicks out...I got to eat.  Shit, Williamson, shit.  You...Moss... Roma...look at the sheets...look at the sheets.  Nineteen eighty, eighty-one...eighty-two...six months of eighty-two...who's there? Who's up there?
All that I'm saying...
...then what is this "you say" shit, what is that?  What is that...?
...I only...
...then...
...no...
...do you want to go downtown...?
...no...
...you want to see the court records?  John?  Eh?  You want to go down...
Four.  You had four leads.  One kicked out, one the judge, you say...
What two?
What about the other two?
...and what is that, John?  What? Bad luck.  That's all it is.  I pray in your life you will never find it runs in streaks.  That's what it does, that's all it's doing. Streaks.  I pray it misses you. That's all I want to say.
Shelly...
...I, if you'd listen to me. Please.  I closed the cocksucker. His ex, John, his ex, I didn't know he was married...he, the judge invalidated the...
...you didn't close...
No.  John.  No.  Let's wait, let's back up here, I did...will you please?  Wait a second.  Please.  I didn't "blow" them.  No.  I didn't "blow" them.  No.  One kicked out, one I closed...
Shelly, you blew the last...
John...John...John.  Okay.  John. John.  Look:  The Glengarry Highland's leads, you're sending Roma out.  Fine. He's a good man.  We know what he is.  He's fine.  All I'm saying, you look at the board, he's throwing...wait, wait, wait, he's throwing them away, he's throwing the leads away.  All that I'm saying, that you're wasting leads. I don't want to tell you your job. All that I'm saying, things get set, I know they do, you get a certain mindset... A guy gets a reputation.  We know how this...all I'm saying, put a closer on the job. There's more than one man for the... Put a...wait a second, put a proven man out...and you watch, now wait a second--and you watch your dollar volumes...You start closing them for fifty 'stead of twenty- five...you put a closer on the...
...Shut up.  Decide who should be dealt with how?  Is that the thing? I come into the fuckin' office today, I get humiliated by some jagoff cop.  I get accused of...I get this shit thrown in my face by you, you geniune shit, because you're top name on the board...
Dave...
Shut the fuck up.  Ricky.  You have a mean streak in you...  And what the fuck are you babbling about...? 
Rick.  Let me tell you.  Wait, we're in the...
What does that mean?
I got 'em in the kitchen.  I'm eating her crumb cake.
Ricky?...That I don't care they stole the contracts?
"You do get the opportunity...You get them.  As I do, as anyone does..."
Fuck is that supposed to mean?
"You do get the..."  Huh?  Huh?
Will you shut up, I'm telling you this...
...the fuck is that supposed to mean...?
And did they steal the contracts...?
"'Why?  Why don't I get the opportunities...?"
Shit.
"...You look around, you say, 'This one has so-and-so, and I have nothing..."
Hey, they're fuckin' garbage any case...This whole goddamn...
"Bruce, Harriet...Fuck me, believe in yourself..."
Na, fuck the leads, I'm going home.
"...you have to believe in yourself..."
Give me some leads.  I'm going out... I'm getting out of...
Hey, I don't want to hear your fucking war stories...
My ass.  I told 'em.  Listen to this: I said...
Those fuckin' deadbeats...
Eighty-two thousand dollars.
You did that?
Ricky...
Okay, okay, I'll be at the resta...
Ricky, I...
I think I'd better stay here for a while.
Well, you want to swing by the Chinks, watch me eat, we'll talk?
Mm.
Yeah.
Me.
I've wanted to talk to you for some time.  For a long time, actually. I said, "The Machine, there's a man I would work with.  There's a man..." You know?  I never said a thing.  I should have, don't know why I didn't.  And that shit you were slinging on my guy today was so good...it...it was, and, excuse me, 'cause it isn't even my place to say it.  It was admirable...it was the old stuff.  Hey, I've been on a hot streak, so what?  There's things that I could learn from you. You eat today?
One moment, I'll be right with you.  In fact, a...one point, which I spoke to you of which  I can't talk to you about here.
Rick...
I'm coming, Ray...what a day!  I'll call you this evening, Jim.  I'm sorry you had to come in...Monday, lunch.
Rick...?
I'm sorry, Jim.  I can't talk now. I'll call you tonight...I'm sorry. I'm coming, Ray. 
Rick...?
Oh, God...Oh, God...  Jim, excuse me...Ray, I told you, who he is is the senior vice- president American Express.  His family owns 32 per...Over the past years I've sold him...I can't tell you the dollar amount, but quite a lot of land.  I promised five weeks ago that I'd go to the wife's birthday party in Kenilworth tonight.  I have to go.  You understand. They treat me like a member of the family, so I have to go. 
Kenilworth.
I'm sorry...?
Kenilworth...?
What?
Oh, my God, you're right!  I'm on the one...  Well, let's scoot...
No.  You said the one.  That's why you said we couldn't talk till Kenilworth.
Didn't I say I was taking the two o'...
Oh!  My God...I've got to get you on the plane!
Twelve-fifteen.
Ah.  Ah, his wife is.  Ray: what time do you have...?
No, his wife is.
Well, Ray was eating at one of his company's men's home in France...the man's French, isn't he?
Go ahead.
You're sure?
Well, it isn't coming out until the February iss...sure.  Sure, go ahead, Ricky.
Yes.  Is this something that I can talk ab...
Oh!  For the magazine...
The monthly interview...?
Home cooking...
Home...
Uh...
"Home Cooking"...what did you call it, you said it...it was a tag phrase that you had,,,
Which...
Ray is director of all European sales and services for American Ex...  But I'm saying you haven't had a meal until you've tasted...I was at the Lingks' last...as a matter of fact, what was that service feature you were talking about...?
Sure.
Mr. Morton's with American Express... he's...  I can tell Jim what you do...?
Beautiful.  Beautiful rolling land. I was telling Jim and Jinny, Ray, I want to tell you something.  You, Ray, you eat in a lot of restaurants.  I know you do... 
My wife told me to look into...
Well, we'll do that this weekend.
I wanted to speak with you about...
Yes.
No...Black Creek.  Yes.  In Florida?
I just put Jim into Black Creek...are you acquainted with...
Glad to meet you.
No, Mr. Roma.  I don't need the time, I've made a lot of investments in the last...
I own the property, my mother owns the property, I put her into it. I'm going to show you on the plats. You look when you get home A-3 through A-14 and 26 through 30. You take your time and if you still feel.
Kenilw...
What is it?
You're a client.  I just sold you five waterfront Glengarry Farms.  I rub my head, throw me the cue "Kenilworth."
The hell with him.  We'll go to lunch, the leads won't be up for...
Oh, Christ.
He's right, Williamson.
And, and, and, I did it.  And I put a kid through school. She...and...Cold calling, fella. Door to door.  But you don't know. You don't know.  You never heard of a streak.  You never heard of "marshaling your sales force..." What are you, you're a secretary, John.  Fuck you.  That's my message for you.  Fuck you and kiss my ass. You don't like it, I'll go talk to Jerry Graff.  Period.  Fuck you. Put me on the board.  And I want three worthwhile leads today and I don't want any bullshit about them and I want 'em close together 'cause I'm going to hit them all today.  That's all I have to say to you.
That's right, Shel.
...and you don't remember. 'Cause you weren't around.  That's cold calling.  Walk up to the door.  I don't even know their name.  I'm selling something they don't even want.  You talk about soft sell... before we had a name for it...before we called it anything, we did it.
...yes...
Yes.  I did.  This morning.  What I'm saying to you: things can change.  You see?  This is where you fuck up, because this is something you don't know.  You can't look down the road.  And see what's coming.  Might be someone else, John.  It might be someone new, eh?  Someone new.  And you can't look back. 'Cause you don't know history.  You ask them.  When we were at Rio Rancho, who was top man?  A month...?  Two months...? Eight months in twelve for three years in a row.  You know what that means?  You know what that means? Is that luck?  Is that some, some, some purloined leads?  That's skill. That's talent, that's, that's...
You closed 'em today?
Bullshit, you're...No.  That's raw... well, if I did, then I'm glad I did.  I, well.  I locked on them.  All on them, nothing on me. All my thoughts are on them.  I'm holding the last thought that I spoke: "Now is the time."  They signed, Ricky.  It was great. It was fucking great.  It was like they wilted all at once.  No gesture...nothing.  Like together. 
Like you taught me...
The only arrangement I'll accept is full investment.  Period.  The whole eight units.  I know that you're saying 'be safe,' I know what you're saying.  I know if I left you to yourselves, you'd say 'come back tomorrow,' and when I walked out that door, you'd make a cup of coffee...you'd sit down...and you'd think 'let's be safe...' and not to disappoint me you'd go one unit or maybe two, because you'd become scared because you'd met possibility.  But this won't do, and that's not the subject..." Listen to this, I actually said this. "That's not the subject of our evening together." Now I handed them the pen.  I held it in my hand. I turned the contract, eight units eighty-two grand. "Now I want you to sign."  I sat there.  Five minutes.  Then, I sat there, Ricky, twenty-two minutes by the kitchen clock.  Twenty-two minutes by the kitchen clock.  Not a word, not a motion. What am I thinking? "My arm's getting tired?" No.  I did it.  I did it.  Like in the old says, Ricky.  Like I was taught... Like, like, like I used to do...I did it.
Bruce..."I don't want to fuck around with you.  I don't want to go round this, and pussyfoot around the thing, you have to look back on this.  I do, too.  I came here to do good for you and me.  For both of us.  Why take an interim position? 
Harriett...
That's what I'm saying.  The old ways.  The old ways...convert the motherfucker...sell him...sell him... make him sign the check.  The...Bruce, Harriet...the kitchen, blah: they got their money in government bonds...I say fuck it, we're going to go the whole route. I plat it out eight units.  Eighty- two grand.  I tell them. "This is now.  This is that thing that you've been dreaming of, you're going to find that suitcase on the train, the guy comes in the door, the bag that's full of money.  This is it, Harriett..."
"Always be closing..."
"What we have to do is admit to ourself that we see that opportunity...and take it.  And that's it." And we sit there.  I got the pen out...
Fuck her...
From the store.
How was it...?
"I want to tell you something, Harriet..."
Fuck you care...?
"You have to believe in yourself... you"--look--"alright...?"
Fuck you, Dave...
Guess who?
Just now.
Mmm.
They took the leads?
Last night, this morning.
When?
They...
They took the phones...
Williamson, get on the phone, call Mitch...
Hey, big fucking deal.  Broke a bad streak...
Shelly...!
That's right.
Eight units?
You bet your ass.  Who wants to go to lunch?  Who wants to go to lunch? I'm buying.  Eighty-two fucking grand.  And twelve grand in commission.  John.  On fucking deadbeat magazine subscription leads.
You sold eight Mountain View?
Get the chalk.  Get the chalk...get the chalk!  I closed 'em!  I closed the cocksucker.  Get the chalk and put me on the board.  I'm going to Hawaii!  Put me on the Cadillac board, Williamson!  Pick up the fuckin' chalk.  Eight units. Mountain View...
Not to my knowledge, no...
You cashed the check?
What are the police doing here...?
It's nothing.
What are the police doing?
What did I tell you?  What did I say about the three days...?
And the check is...
What?
Forget the deal, Jimmy.  Forget the deal...you know me.  The deal's dead.  Am I talking about the deal?  That's over.  Please. Let's talk about you.  Come on.  Come on.  Come on, Jim.  I want to tell you something.  Your life is your own.  You have a contract with your wife.  You have certain things you do jointly, you have a bond there...and there are other things.  Those things are yours.  You needn't feel ashamed, you needn't feel that you're being untrue...or that she would abandon you if she knew.  This is your life.  Yes.  Now I want to talk to you because you're obviously upset and that concerns me.  Now let's go. Right now.
She told me I had to get back the check or call the State's att...
Let's...no one's going to know, let's go around the corner and we'll get a drink.
She told me not to talk to you.
What?  What?  What, Jim: I tell you what, let's get out of here...let's go get a drink.
I can't talk to you, you met my wife, I...
The "deal," forget the deal. Forget the deal, you've got something on your mind, Jim, what is it?
The deal.
What, "this"?
This.
To negotiate what?  To negotiate what?
The power to negotiate.
What power?
I don't have the power.  I said it.
What...?  Say the words.
I...
What...?
I...
...what, what, say it.  Say it to me...
That...
What does that mean?
I can't regotiate.
Where are you going...?  This is me...This is Ricky, Jim.  Jim, anything you want, you want it, you have it.  You understand?  This is me.  Something upset you.  Sit down, now sit down.  You tell me what it is.  Am I going to help you fix it? You're goddamned right I am.  Sit down.  Tell you something...? Sometimes we need someone from outside.  It's...no, sit down...Now talk to me.
I'm...
I do.  If I don't get my money back...
No, Jim.
She told me I have to.
No, no.  That's just something she "said." We don't have to do that.
She won't listen.
We'll speak to her, Jim...
No.  She told me "right now."
We're going to speak to her.
She wants her money back.
You tell me again.
I told you.
Tell me again.  Your wife.
What's going on here?
Tell me again.
I told you.
What is?
It's not me, it's my wife.
I'm very sorry, Jimmy.  I apologize to you.
I just called downtown, and it's on their desk.
The check wasn't cashed?
Today.  Today.  Which, in any case, it was not, as there were a couple of points on the agreement I wanted to go over with you in any case.
What was the earliest it could have been cashed?
I don't know.
And when was that check cashed?
Tuesday.
What was yesterday?
Yest...
When did you write the check?
If we wait till Mon...
What would have elapsed?
But I'm not counting it.  Wednesday.  Thursday.  Friday.  So it would have elapsed.
No, I'm saying you don't include Saturday...in your three days. It's not a business day.
I'm not.
You don't count Saturday.
That's what they are.  Three business...I wait till Monday, my time limit runs out.
I don't understand.
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
Three business days.  They mean three business days.
But we have to before Monday.  To get our money ba...
Jim, Jim, you saw my book...I can't, you saw my book...
Of course you have three days.
To change our minds.
No, I don't know.  Tell me.
To...you know.
Three days.
I don't know.  They said we have three days.  They said we have three days.
Why did she do that, Jim?
I don't know, the attorney gen... the...some consumer office, um...
Who did she call?
She called the consumer...the attorney, I don't know.  The attorney gen...they said we have three days...
Monday.
It's a common reaction, Jim.  I'll tell you what it is, and I know that that's why you married her. One of the reasons is prudence. It's a sizable investment.  One thinks twice...it's also something women have.  It's just a reaction to the size of the investment. Monday, if you'd invite me for dinner again...  This woman can cook...
My wife said I have to cancel the deal.
My wife...
It's funny, you know, you get a picture of the Corporation-Type Company Man, all business...this man, no.  We'll go out to his home sometime.  Let's see.  Tomorrow.  No.  Tomorrow, I'm in L.A....Monday...I'll take you to lunch, where would you like to go?
I've got to get Ray to O'Hare...  Come on, let's hustle...  John!  Call American Express in Pittsburgh for Mr. Morton, will you, tell them he's on the one o'clock. 
I've got to talk to you...
Jim!  What are you doing here?  Jim Lingk, D. Ray Morton...
I've got to talk to you.
James.  I'm glad to meet you.  I'm glad to meet you, James.  I want to show you something.  It might mean nothing to you...and it might not. 
Lingk.  James Lingk.
Well, let's have a couple more.  My name is Richard Roma, what's yours?
Gimlet.
Money?  If that's what it signifies to you. Security?  Comfort?  All it is is THINGS THAT HAPPEN TO YOU.  That's all it is.  How are they different?  Some poor newly married guy gets run down by a cab.  Some busboy wins the lottery.  All it is, it's a carnival.  What's special...what draws us?  We're all different.  We're not the same.  We are not the same.  Hmmm.  It's been a long day.  What are you drinking?
I don't know.  For me, I'm saying, what is is, it's probably not the orgasm.  Some broads, forearms on your neck, something her eyes did. There was a sound she made...or, me, lying, in the, I'll tell you: me lying in bed; the next day she brought me caf au lait.  She gives me a cigarette, my balls feel like concrete.  Eh?  What I'm saying, what is our life?  It's looking forward or it's looking back.  And that's our life. That's it.  Where is the moment?  And what is it that we're afraid of? Loss.  What else?  The bank closes.  We get sick, my wife died on a plane, the stock market collapsed...the house burnt down...what of these happen...? None on 'em.  We worry anyway. What does this mean?  I'm not secure.  How can I be secure?  Through amassing wealth beyond all measure?  No.  And what's beyond all measure?  That's a sickness. That's a trap.  There is no measure. Only greed.  How can we act? 
Mmmm...
Yes.
What do I...?
Or a piss...?  A great meal fades in reflection.  Everything else gains.  You know why? 'Cause it's only food.  This shit we eat, it keeps us going.  But it's only food. The great fucks that you may have had.  What do you remember about them?
I don't know.
Yes.
Did I...?
...all train compartments smell vaguely of shit.  It gets so you don't mind it.  That's the worst thing that I can confess.  You know how long it took me to get there? A long time.  When you die you're going to regret the things you don't do.  You think you're queer...? I'm going to tell you something: we're all queer.  You think that you're a thief?  So what?  You get befuddled by a middle-class morality...?  Get shut of it.  Shut it out.  You cheated on your wife...?  You did it, live with it.  You fuck little girls, so be it. There's an absolute morality?  May be.  And then what?  If you think there is, then be that thing.  Bad people go to hell?  I don't think so.  If you think that, act that way.  A hell exists on earth?  Yes. I won't live in it.  That's me. You ever take a dump made you feel you'd just slept for twelve hours...?
And fuck you.  Fuck the lot of you. Fuck you all.
Have a good trip.
I'm not going home.  I'm going to Wisconsin.
Your farewell to the troops?
I'm going home.
What is this, your farewell speech?
Who's my pal...?  And what are you, Ricky, huh, what are you, Bishop Sheean?  Who the fuck are you, Mr. Slick...?  What are you, friend to the workingman?  Big deal.  Fuck you, you got the memory a fuckin' fly.  I never liked you.
I'll show you how to chew it." Your pal closes, all that comes out of your mouth is bile, how fucked up you are...
Oh, and I don't get a moment to spare for a bust-out humanitarian down on his luck lately.  Fuck you, Dave, you know you got a big mouth, and you make a close the whole place stinks with your farts for a week. "How much you just ingested," what a big man you are, "Hey, let me buy you a pack of gum. 
Sittin' on top of the world, sittin' on top of the world, everything's fucking peachfuzz...
Is that what I did?  Dave?  I humiliated you?  My God...I'm sorry...
"Fuck the Machine"? "Fuck the Machine"?  What is this.  Courtesy class...?  You're fucked, Rick--are you fucking nuts?  You're hot, so you think you're the ruler of this place...?!  You want to...
Who said "Fuck the Machine"?
Bring that shit up.  Of my volume. You were on a bad one and I brought it up to you you'd harbor it.  You'd harbor it a long long while. And you'd be right.
You have a mean streak in you, Ricky, you know that...?
It means, Dave, you haven't closed a good one in a month, none of my business, you want to push me to answer you.  And so you haven't got a contract to get stolen or so forth.
They took 'em...
Why not?
We haven't got a lead...
Harriet and blah blah Nyborg.
You just this morning...
When...
Guess who?
Fuck you.
You did that?
Eight units.  Mountain View.
Yeah.  He closed a deal.
You hear what I said?
Fuckin' cop's got no right talk to me that way.  I didn't rob the place...
Mountain View.  Eight units.
Fuck the Machine.
Guess what the Machine did?
Fuck you, Ricky.  I ain't going out today.  I'm going home.  I'm going home because nothing's accomplished here...Anyone talks to this guy is...
You going to turn State's?
Cop couldn't find his dick two hands and a map.  Anyone talks to this guy's an asshole...
What, they beat you with a rubber bat?
Fuckin' asshole.
Well I'm going to worry about it, and so are you, so shut up and listen.  I GET HIS ACTION.  My stuff is mine, whatever he gets for himself, I'm talking half.  You put me in with him.
...I wouldn't worry about it.
Your check as cashed yesterday afternoon.  And we're completely insured, as you know, in any case.
...Mr. Williamson...
Your contract went out to the bank.
John...
Mr. Lingk.  James Lingk.  Your contract went out.  Nothing to...
It was nothing...I was assuring Mr. Lingk...
We had a slight burglary last night.
Yes.  Please.  Please.  The police  can be...
Mr. Lingk and I are going to...
Yes.
Patel?  Fuck you.  Fuckin' Shiva handed him a million dollars, told him "sign the deal," he wouldn't sign.  And Vishnu, too.  Into the bargain.  Fuck that, John.  You know your business, I know mine. Your business is being an asshole, and I find out whose fucking cousin you are, I'm going to go to him and figure out a way to have your ass... fuck you--I'll wait for the new leads.
Three.
Three?  I count two.
Okay, okay, okay, gimme this shit. Fine. 
The word from Murray is: leave them alone.  If we need a new signature he'll go out himself, he'll be the president, just come in, from out of town...
What's the fucking point in any case...?  What's the point.  I got to argue with you, I got to knock heads with the cops, I'm busting my balls, sell you dirt to fucking deadbeats money in the mattress, I come back you can't even manage to keep the contracts safe, I have to go back and close them again...What the fuck am I wasting my time, fuck this shit.  I'm going out and reclose last week's...
I'm giving you three leads.  You...
I don't "want" it, if you catch my drift.
If you don't want it, give it back.
Patel?  Ravidam Patel?  How am I going to make a living on thses deadbeat wogs?  Where did you get this, from the morgue?
'Cause I don't have to eat this month.  No.  Okay.  Give 'em to me...  Fucking Mitch and Murray going to shit a br...what am I going to do all...
...you want to go out today...?
Oh.  Oh.  Oh, your "nostalgia" file, they's fine.  No.  Swell. 'Cause I don't have to...
I have the stuff from last year's...
With what?  With what, John, they took the leads...
Aren't you going out today?
To the restaura...what do you fucking...?
Where are you going?
I...
Then I'm over the fucking top and you owe me a Cadillac.
Yes.
You did?
It went down.  I filed it.
Yes.
You closed him yesterday.
...some of the contracts...Lingk. James Lingk.  I closed...
They took some of the con...
Some of them...
Listen to me: They got some of them.
The...
They got, listen to me...
Did they...
They didn't get the contracts.
They--excuse me...
They didn't get my contracts.
They didn't get your contract.  I filed it before I left.
Well, that's alright... alright. Good.  You'll graduate in another year, isn't that right?  You know... I never finished college.  I was a good student, but I never finished. Of course, there was a war then.
I'm not hungry.
Sit down.  Your Aunt Connie and I waited for you to have some lunch, but now it's all dried out.
I was taller than you when I was fourteen.
You've grown so tall... so tall in the last year.  You're much taller than me.
Some day you will.
I can help you.
To do business.
Why do you have to go?
I can't.
Will you take me?
Just a few days.
I know.  How long will you be gone?
I'm leaving very early tomorrow, before you wake up.
On your pillow.
No, where is it?
Did you see my present for you?
They were friends.
I didn't know the people who gave them to me.
Do you like them?
I got lots of presents.
Did you like your party?
Yes.
Are you alright?
At first, like everybody, I was a soldier.
What position did you occupy?
The Corleone Family, Senator.  We called it, &quot;The Family.&quot;
But in actuality, you were a member of the Corleone Crime organization.
That's right.
Mr. Cicci.  From the year 1927 to the present time, you were an employee of the &quot;Genco Olive Oil Company.&quot;
Go on, answer him when he talks to you.  Tell him: Columbus, Marconi... Garibaldi.
Who is the greatest man you can think of?
This man informs to the police; this man allows his vengeance to be bought off... No, he is alone.
 What?  You read it in the papers?
Fanucci is not connected; he is alone.
If you like, why not give me fifty dollars each to pay Fanucci.  I guarantee he will accept that amount from me.
They say Fanucci has a license from Maranzalla himself to work this neighborhood.
Oh yes, the very best.
Your friend lives in a fine building.
No.  He would give it away.  I know how to repay a consideration.
We have no money for a rug.
I have a friend who has a fine rug. Maybe your wife would like it.
 Then, after that, what?  Joe 'Little Knife' Pisani; Willie Bufalino, maybe, Mr. Maranzalla himself, c'mon!
 He's going to kill Fanucci.
Vitone!  Our driver has drunk too much wine.
What can we do?
 You know his friends...real animals. And his connections with the police. Sure he'd like us to tell him our plans so he can set us up for the cops and earn their gratitude. Then they would owe him a favor; that's how he operates.  We'll have to pay.  Three hundred, are we agreed?
What if we don't pay?
That scar-faced bastard will find out what we got from the wholesaler. He won't take a dime less than three hundred dollars.
Do you think he'd be satisfied with the two hundred dollars?  I think he would.
She couldn't decide.
What took so long?
Merle, have you met my sister-in- law Deanna?
Connie.
It means we should all live happily for one hundred years.  The family. If my Father were alive, it'd be true.
You go see your children first, and then you wait to see your brother like everybody else.
This is swell.  Where's Michael? I've got things to get straight with him and I can't wait on line.
Bought at the airport.
I got surprises for everybody!
Well, thank you, they asked for you all week.
How are the kids?
Yes, thank you.
I know, it was chaos; but anyway, here I am one week late.  This is for my Mama.  You remember Merle?
Constanzia.  We expected you last week; we sent the car to pick you up at the airport last week.
I hated you for so long, Michael; for so many years.  I think I did things to myself, to hurt myself, so that you would know -- and you would be hurt too.  But I understand you now; I think I do.  You were being strong for all of us, like Papa was.  And I forgive you, and want to be close to you now.  Can't you forgive Fredo; he's so sweet, and helpless without you.
The children can stay.
I want to talk to you, Michael.
Kids, why don't you go outside for a while?
Tom is right.
Michael, Fredo's in the house with Mama.  He asked for you, and Tom said he couldn't see you.
No.
Is Kay coming?
It was my father's money; and I'm entitled to what I need.  Where is Tom Hagen?
Connie, I want to be reasonable with you.  You have a house here, with us.  You can live here with your kids...and you won't be deprived of anything.  I don't know much about Merle; I don't know what he does for a living; what he lives on.  Why don't you tell him marriage is really out of the question; and that you can't see him any more. He'll understand.  But if you disobey me, and marry this pimp...it would disappoint me.
Because I need MONEY!
Then why do you come to me?
You're not my father!
You fly around the world with lazy young men who don't have any love for you, and use you like a whore.
Michael...
The ink on your divorce isn't dry. Your children see you on weekends; your oldest boy, Michael Francis... was in some trouble with the Reno police over some petty theft that you don't even know about.
Why do you come to me?  Why don't you go to a travel agent?
We're going to Europe next week.  I want to get passage booked on the Queen.
I saw him with you.
How are you, honey?  You've met Merle, haven't you.  He was with me in Vegas.
Mike, what can I do, she's a hysterical woman...
I don't want to stay here...
I'm getting out of here I said; these guys all have guns!
Deanna, will you get back into the house!
These Eye-ties are really crazy when it comes to their wives.
Deanna, I'm going to belt you right in the mouth!
Whatsamatter, you don't want me to dance with him 'cause he's a man!
Dancing is alright; you're falling on the floor.
I wanta dance...whatsa matter with that?
A hundred years...it's a toast.
What's 'cent' Anne?'
He's the head of the family.
I hate to see you cringe in front of him.  How come you're so scared of your own kid brother?
Listen, Michael's got a lot of nice people here.  Friends of Kay's. He'll never forgive me if you ruin his party.
Relax, Freddie honey.  Come dance with me.
Goddamn bitch.
Yeah, but I don't want him to see you.
I just had a drive; besides, I want to see my brother-in-law Michael.
Honey!  Wait a minute; let's go for a drive.
I know.  I know, Michael.  It's Christmas, your brothers and sister are all here -- we are happy. Let's not spoil this.  Go your own way, but when you are ready, come to me the way a son should.  I have hopes for you...
That's how it was in the old world, Pop, but this is not Sicily.
Anyone not in your family, is a stranger.  Believe me, when trouble comes, your country won't take care of you.
Not for strangers; for my country.
You would risk your life for strangers?
It's not talk; I'm doing it.
Now what is this talk about joining the army?  Eh?
No, Dad.
Would you like some?
He will be a man, and then he will come for revenge.
The child cannot harm you.
He will grow strong.
He is weak.
I'm not afraid of his words.
Don Francesco.  You murdered my husband, because he would not bend. And his oldest son Paolo, because he swore revenge.  But Vitone is only nine, and dumb-witted.  He never speaks.
Ah, you're a sharp young fellow. How is it I've never noticed you before  You're too quiet for your own interest.  I could find some work for you to do that would be very profitable.  No hard feelings, eh?  If I can ever do you a service let me know. You've done a good job for yourself tonight.
I'm a little short.  I've been out of work.  Let me owe you the money for a few weeks.
I think there's only two hundred dollars under my hat.  I'm right.  Only two hundred dollars.
 You're a good fellow.
But thank you for speaking to me as a Godfather.
I understand...
 You must understand, this is all new to me...
You tell your friends I expect them to let me wet my beak in the same manner.  Don't be afraid to tell them.  Clemenza and I know each other well, he understands these things.  Let yourself be guided by him.  He has more experience in these matters.
 My two friends have my share of the money.  I'll have to speak to them after we deliver these to the wholesaler.
Otherwise the police will come to see you and your wife and children will be dishonored and destitute. Of course, if my information as to your gains is incorrect, I'll dip my beak just a little.  Just a little, but no less than one hundred dollars, and don't try to deceive me, eh paisan?
Let's go.
Ready, Frankie.
I didn't turn against nobody; he turned against me.
Why'd you do it, Frankie?  After all these years, why'd you turn against him?
Yeah, some deal I made.
We have a special home for you for the rest of your life.  Nobody gets near you.  You're not going any place.
My life won't be worth a nickel after tomorrow.
Get a good night's sleep.  We got a new suit, new shirt, new tie, and I'm going to shave you myself. Tomorrow we want you to look respectable for fifty million of your fellow Americans.
Ten to one shot, you said.  Ten to one shot in my favor, and I lose.
C'mon, I see what I can do.
That's what I'm here to talk to your brother about.  What's with him, I got to get a letter of introduction to have a 'sitdown'?
We were all upset about that.
You remember Willy Cicci, don't you, Freddie?  We was all together with the old man Clemenza in Brooklyn... before...uh...
Gee, Frankie, it's good to see you. Reminds me of old times.
Gotta check up on my boys.  Hey, what's with the food?  Some kid in a white jacket brings me a ritz cracker with some chopped liver. 'Canapes,' he says.  I say, 'Can a peas, my ass, that's a ritz cracker with chopped liver.' Go get me a salami sandwich and a glass of wine or I'll send you and your white jacket to the dry cleaners!
Who's that?  Pentangeli?  Frankie &quot;Five-Angels&quot;...thought you were never coming West.
You're nothing to me now, Fredo; not a brother, not a friend, I don't want to know you, or what happens to you.  I don't want to see you at the hotels, or near my home.  When you visit our Mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there.  Do you understand?
The lawyer; Questadt, he belongs to Roth.
There's nothing more you can tell me about this investigation?
It wasn't the way I wanted it!  I can handle things.  I'm not dumb Christ, not like everyone says. I'm smart; and I want respect.
It's the way Pop wanted it.
Taken care of me.  Mike, you're my kid brother, and you take care of my.  Did you ever think of that. Ever once?  Send Fredo off to do this, send Fredo to take care of that... take care of some little unimportant night club here, and there; pick somebody up at the airport.  Mike, I'm your older brother; I was stepped over!
I've always taken care of you.
He said there was something good in it for me...me on my own.
And you believed that story.
I didn't know it was a hit.  I swear to you I didn't know.  Johnny Ola contacted me in Beverly Hills -- said he wanted to talk.  He said you and Roth were in on some big deal, and there was a place for me in it if I could help them out. They said you were being tough on the negotiation, and if they had a little bit of help, they could close it fast and it would be good for you.
I know they get Pentangeli, that's all I know.
What about now, is there anything you can help me out with?
I was kept pretty much in the dark. I didn't know all that much.
We have time.
I don't have a lot to say, Michael.
Nowhere, Mike.  I wanted to get a refill.  How about you?
Fredo.  Where are you going?
The old man will never bring in the New Year.
What is it?  Can I help?
To go tonight, with me, as though we know nothing.  I've already made my move.
What do you want me to do?
It was never Pentangeli... I've always known that.  It was Roth all along.  He talks to me as a son; as his successor, but the old man thinks he'll live forever.
But, you told me yourself...
The same man who tried in Nevada... Hyman Roth, not Pentangeli.
...Who?
Tonight we've been invited to a reception at the Presidential Palace; to bring in the New Year. You and I will go in a special car that's being sent.  They'll have cocktails... then dinner, and a reception with the President.  When it's over, it will be suggested that you take Questadt and his friends from Washington to spend the night with some women.  I'll go home alone in the car; and before I reach the hotel, I'll be assassinated.
Mike, are you crazy, I'm your brother.
Then I'm going to confide in you; trust you with something.
Sincere.  What are you talking about, of course I'm sincere with you, Mike.
The song.  Are you sincere with me, Fredo?
What's that?
&quot;Yo soy un hombre sincero...&quot; I am a sincere man, From the land of the palms...
You know her; drives me crazy, one minute she's a popsicle, the next she's all vinegar.  Sometimes I think... I think - I should a married someone, like you did.  To have kids, to have a family.
How is your wife, Fredo...your marriage?
Me?  NO, no, I don't know anything. Fellas!  You're all falling asleep. We got to see Superman.
You know otherwise, Freddie?
No.  I mean, are you sure?
It was Frankie tried to have me hit.
You?  What do you mean you, I thought...
It was hard to have him killed.
You?  What do you mean you, I thought...
It was hard to have him killed.
Mikey, why would they ever hit poor old Frankie Five-Angels?  I loved that ole sonuvabitch.  I remember when he was just a 'button,' when we were kids.  We used to put bedsheets on our heads, you know, like we were ghosts.  An' ole Frankie come peek into our room, we'd jump up, and he'd always pretend like he was really scared. You remember?
Wait'll you see!
No.
Mike, I got something special up my sleeve for these boys.  You ever hear of &quot;Superman?&quot; And I don't mean the comic book.
I never looked down on you, Fredo. You don't look down at a brother.
Jeeze, it's great you came along, Mike... You know, we've never spent a night out on the town together. I always thought you looked down on me for liking a good time.
Me and you, great!  Gimme an hour to wash my face and do my research and we'll have these Washington suckers right where you want 'em.  Poor Frankie Five-Angels.  He always wanted to die in bed...with a broad.
I'd like to come along.  There's been a lot of strain, and I've been cooped up in this room for three days.
Count on me; that's my specialty.
Tonight I want to relax with you. The Senator from Nevada is here with some people from Washington. I want to show them a good time in Havana.
That's what I'm here for.
I want you to help me, Fredo.
No.  No, I didn't.  Who tells me anything?  I been kept in the dark so long, I'm getting used to it.
Pentangeli's dead.  He was ambushed by the Rosato Brothers.  Didn't you know that?
I never met them.
Johnny Ola... Hyman Roth.
Great, Havana's great.  Lots of activity in Havana!  Anybody I know here.  Five-Angels?  Anybody?
We're making an investment in Havana.
Oh.  Mikey, what's up?  I'm totally in the dark.
It's all right.  He stays with me all the time.
Oh, 'scuse me.
Mio fratello.
Hiya, Freddie Corleone.
Forget it, just go take care of her.
Hey Mike, what can I say?
Roberto.  Who owns the 'rat-holes.'
Chi?
The 'patrone' is here.
He took the money.  Now he wants double from everybody in the neighborhood, including Papa.
 And he agreed?
What did I tell you.  The one who cut him was found in an alley.  And the family of the others paid Fanucci all their savings to make him forswear his vengeance.
Because he's what we say... &quot;connected&quot;... You wait, see what happens to those guys from Ninth Avenue.
Why?
I wish they had.  He takes fifty dollars a week from my father's cash drawer.  But you can't kill a man like Fanucci.
In Sicily, when you attack a man, you had better finish him.
Nah.  Those guys aren't murderers. They wanted to scare him, that's all.  Make him look bad.
No, I didn't know.  Is he dead?
Some guys from Ninth Avenue jumped Fanucci today; slit his throat from ear to ear.
What?
I bet you can't guess what happened?
I know.  That's why I brought you with me!
For you, she is beautiful.  For me, there is only my wife!
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Because he knows them; he knows they have no one to protect them. Vitone?  What do you think of my angel?
Why?  Why does he bother other Italians?
A pig of a Neaponitan. 
He's an Italian?
I know what you are thinking, Vitone, but you don't understand yet how things are.  Fanucci is of the Black Hand.  Everyone in the neighborhood pays him, even my father.
I don't know.  I hope soon; but it's not over yet, and that's why you and the kids have to come back to me.
When is it finally over?  I want it to be over before my baby is born.
If you told Michael what I've told you today, I'm a dead man.
What the hell does that mean?  Come on, Tom, speak out straight once in your life.  I know Michael can't, but you're not Sicilian, you can tell a woman the truth; you can treat her like an equal, a fellow human being.
If he were, he'd be dead by now. You'd be a widow.  You'd have no problem.
He's not the same as when I met him.
Okay, just hear me out.  What if Carlo had been paid to help get Sonny killed?  What if his beating of Connie that time was a deliberate plot to get Sonny out into the open? Then what?  And what if the Don, a great man, couldn't bring himself to do what he had to do, avenge his son's death by killing his daughter's husband?  What if that, finally, was too much for him, and he made Michael his successor, knowing that Michael would take that load off his shoulders, would take that guilt?
That's the first time I've seen the lawyer side of you, Tom.  It's not your best side.
You don't know that's true.  But Kay, just for the sake of an argument, let's assume it is, I'm not saying it is, remember, but... What if I gave you what might be some justification for what he did... or rather some possible justification for what he possibly did.
What kind of a family is this... are we human beings?  He knows his Father killed his Uncle Carlo.  He heard Connie.
Kay... Kay...
... He said he had shot his Grandfather with a gun, and then he died in the garden.  And he asked me... he asked me, Tom, if that meant now his father would shoot him out of... revenge.  How does a four year old boy learn the word... 'revenge'?
That's not the way we look at it.
Am I a prisoner?
I don't know.  I'm sorry, Kay...
How long does this go on?
Kay, Michael didn't tell me a lot; and what he did tell me, I can't repeat.  But the responsibility for you and the kids was the most important thing he left me with.
I'm going to see my parents.
That's off now.
I was supposed to take the children to New England next week.
Within the compound will be fine.
I'm supposed to stay in my house.
It's Michael's request...for your safety.  We can send out for anything you need.
I don't know.
Will you tell him?
Yes.
You're going to talk to him now.
I wanted to tell you alone; your wife doesn't know what's going on.
Why didn't someone tell me!
The Barretts from Rubicon Bay came by in a new speedboat.  Rocco tried to say she wasn't in, but Kay spotted them and asked if they would take her and the kids for a ride.  That was three hours ago.
What do you mean gone?
She's gone, Tom.
Hello?
It's as though he blames me for the ground the family lost when I was Consigliere to Sonny.
Talk to him.  Tell him how you feel.
Just now when Johnny Ola showed up, he asked me to leave them alone. Ola is Hyman Roth's Sicilian contact.  I was on the inside of ten, twenty meetings with him.  But today Mike asked me to leave, like an outsider.
I can feel it in the way he talks to me.
We don't know that's true, he never said that.
He doesn't want my help any more. He doesn't need it.
With Mama, putting the baby to sleep.  Francesca's very happy. Michael was kind to her.  She idolizes him.  The children are all out in the speedboat.  I'm going to my house.
Where's my wife?
Yeah, give me a minute.
Me too, Tom?
I can't let him down.
She took a flight to San Francisco. We figure she's going to connect to New Hampshire; her parents' place.
I was in my house.  Willy tried, but it would have taken some strong-arm to stop her, and he figured you wouldn't want that.
Goddamn it, where were you?
I know.  I went down to the Barrett house.  But she's gone.  They drove her and the kids to North Tahoe airport.
Rocco!
I'm staying.  Don't ever enjoy the cruel part of all this; Sonny never listened to me about that.  Now, explain everything to me.
Good.  Then you're staying.
Why do you hurt me, Michael?  I've always been loyal to you.
I know you do, Tom.  Then I can count on you to help me do the things I have to do.  If not, call Houstan, and become a Vice-President. Take your family and your mistress and move them to Las Vegas.
I turned Houstan down; I didn't see why I should tell you about an offer I turned down.  Are you sure, Mikey?  Are you sure of what we're doing; what we'll gain; what does the family gain? Forget that, Mike; I already know the answer.
They are everywhere!
Are you so hungry for traitors; do you want to find them everywhere?
I'm surprised at you, Tom.  If there's anything certain; certain in life; if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill...  ANYBODY.  But perhaps your relucatance is because you've come to tell me that you're moving your family to Vegas, that you've been offered the Vice-Presidency of the Houstan Hotels there.  Or weren't you going to tell me at all?
Mike, it would be like trying to kill the President; there's no way we can get to him.
I don't like it when you use the word impossible; nothing is impossible...
Mike, it's impossible.  He'll be met by the Internal Revenue; the Customs Service, and half the FBI.
I want it met.
That plane goes to Miami...
He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
His medical condition is reported as... &quot;terminal.&quot;
They won't take him; not for a million, not for ten million.
I know he's in Israel.
Sit down, Tom.  Have you heard about our friend and partner, Mr. Hyman Roth?
Alright.  I'm going to go outside and talk to Fredo.
He says he doesn't know anything, and I believe him.  Roth played this one beautifully.
Roth engineered it, Michael.  He made Pentangeli think you hit him. Deliberately letting him get off alive.  Then the New York detectives turned Frankie over to the FBI.  My informants say he was half dead and scared stiff -- talking out loud that you had turned on him and tried to kill him.  Anyway, they had him on possession, dealing in heroin, murder one and a lot more. There's no way we can get to him and you've opened yourself to five points of perjury.
How did they get their hands on Pentangeli?
I don't know.
Does she blame it on me?  The baby?
She took the Senate Investigation worse.
And Kay...she's all right?
It was a boy.
What is it, can't you give me straight answers anymore!
Mike, at three and a half...
Was it a boy or a girl?
Kay had a miscarriage; she lost the baby.
Go on, tell me.
Alright.
Wait... there's something else.
They can come in now.
My information is that Fredo thought it was a kidnapping.  Roth assured him nothing would happen to you.
I want you to reach Fredo.  I know he's scared, but have one of our people reach him.  Assure him that there will be no reprisals.  Tell him that I know Roth misled him.
The new government arrested him, held him for a couple of days with a lot of the other casino people, including Roth's brother, Sam.  The American Embassy arranged flights for citizens; I'm not sure, but I think he's somewhere in New York.
I asked about Fredo?
Roth got out on a private boat. He's in a hospital in Miami.  Had a stroke but he's recovered okay. Bussetta's dead.
Where's my brother?
A little care he can ride in with an electric motor.
What was it, so I'll know.
I took care of it.
Did the boy get something from me for Christmas?
No.  But if they do have somebody, you'll do three years for perjury if you give them so much as a wrong middle name.
Do you think they have somebody to back up Cicci?
If I'm wrong...
But if you're wrong...
I don't think so.  Unless I'm very wrong...they're already dead. Killed by someone inside...very frightened that they botched it. That's why I am going to disappear in a few minutes, and leave everything to you.
Will we...be able to get who ordered it out of them?
I've prepared this; have had it for over a month.  It won't explain everything; but indicates where I will be, so in a sense, it is my life.  Also, there are three tasks that must be executed immediately.  Pop would have given those to Luca -- You knew Pop as well as anyone, act as though you were him.  It discusses Kay as well; that will be the most difficult.  The men who tried to kill me tonight, will never leave the estate.
No Tom, just listen.  All my people are businessmen; their loyalty is based on that.  One thing I learned from my father is to try to think as the people around you think...and on that basis, anything is possible. Fredo has a good heart, but he is weak...and stupid, and stupid people are the most dangerous of all.  I've kept you out of things, Tom, because I've always known that your instincts were legitimate, and I wanted you to know very little of things that would make you an accomplice, for your own protection. I never blamed you for the setbacks the family took under Sonny; I know you were in a position of limited power, and you did your best to advise and caution him.  What I am saying is that now, for how long I do not know, you will be the Don. If what I think has happened is true; I will leave tonight, and absolutely no one will know how to contact me.  And even you are not to try to reach me unless it is absolutely necessary.  I give you complete power: over Neri... Fredo, everyone.  I am trusting you with the lives of my wife and children, and the future of this family, solely resting on your judgment and talent.
Mikey, I hoped...
No, I have confidence in their loyalty... but this is life and death, and Tom, you are my brother.
But your people... Neri... Rocco; you don't think...
There's a lot I can't tell you, Tom. I know that's upset you in the past; and you've felt that it was because of some lack of trust or confidence.  But it is because I do trust you that I've kept so much secret from you.  It's precisely that at this moment, you are the only one that I can completely trust.  In time, you'll understand everything.
Just tell Rocco I'm waiting.
If you need anything, just...
Sure, Mikey.
Tom isn't going to sit in with us, Johnny.  He only handles specific areas of the family business.  Tom?
Connie's outside.
Two-thirty.  That gives me time to see my boy.
I'm sorry; of course, you know that.
He's going to try Panama...
The High Court of Israel turned down his request to live as a 'returned Jew.' His passport's been invalidated except for return to the U.S.  He landed in Buenos Aires yesterday, offered a gift of one million dollars if they would give him citizenship.  They turned him down.
How do I know you haven't gone into business for yourself?
Al, as far as you're concerned, I'm the Don.
I got to ask questions, Tom, there's three million dollars cash in that pouch; Mike is gone and I have no word from him.
No questions.
What's up?
Your plans are a little different this time.  You skip Miami, and go straight to Geneva.  It's to be deposited to this number.  And it's got to be there by Monday morning, no slip-up.
We've never sent this much with one courier.
Mike wants it.
It might show.
Twenty-five this time.
Fifteen percent skim?
Thanks, Tom.  Thanks.
Don't worry about anything, Frankie Five-Angels.
Yeah, that was a good break.  A nice deal.
Yeah, but only the rich guys.  The little guys got knocked off.  If they got arrested and executed, all their estate went to the Emperor. If they just went home and killed themselves, up front, nothing happened.
The Roman Empire... when a plot against the Emperor failed, the plotters were always given a chance to let their families keep their fortunes.
Yeah, it was once.
Yeah, it worked.  Those were great old days.  We was like the Roman Empire.  The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire.
You were around the old timers who dreamed up how the Families should be organized, how they based it on the old Roman Legions, and called them 'Regimes'... with the 'Capos' and 'Soldiers,' and it worked.
Yeah, I still read a lot.  They bring me stuff.
Frankie, you were always interested in politics, in history.  I remember you talking about Hitler back in '43.  We were young then.
Tom, what do I do now?
You're right.
That's my brother.  Nothing could get him away from that two mule town.  He coulda been big over here -- he could of had his own Family.
Yeah.  He wouldn't even go out to dinner.  Just wanted to go home.
He's ten times tougher than me, my brother.  He's old-fashioned.
Yeah, but don't worry.
Did my brother go back?
Everything is going to be okay, Frankie, don't worry.
I'd like to go outside with him, in the open air.
The room has a bug in it.
I think I prefer to see my client privately.
Thanks...friend.
Simple.  Be friendly like us.  Not hostile.
And what's the price of their not finding out.
We'll keep it quiet; the people who know are trustworthy...the Committee needn't find out.
You paid off thirty grand I never owed.
Our mistake.  But what does it matter; it was our money.  We don't even expect thanks.
There's thirty grand worth of paid off markers -- I never owed that much.
Maybe two, three thousand dollars.
Do you owe markers?
A little; what's so thought- provoking about that?
Do you gamble?
No one can trace anything to me; I pride myself on that.
You know there's a Senate Investigating Committee recently set up; we thought it would be unfortunate if they were to trace anything though-provoking to your name.
No strings.
We know you're a busy man, with plenty of enemies -- we saw the opportunity to do you a favor, and we did.  No strings.
What the hell are you talking about?
Actually, I've come with good news; the Corleone family has done you a favor.
...and the tape will be running.
The committee is adjourned until further notice.
This committee owes an apology!
This meeting is adjourned.
Senator Kane.
The witness is excused; take him out.
Sir, the gentleman does not understand English.  He would not in any case, take the stand.  He came, at his own expense, to aid his brother in his trouble.  He is not under any jurisdiction of our government and his reputation in his own country is impeccable.
He is, I believe, a brother.
Is he related to the witness?
Yes, sir.  His name is Vincenzo Pentangeli.
Mr. Hagen, would you kindly identify to this committee that gentleman sitting on your right hand?
Very well.
Sir, my client has answered every question asked by this committee with the utmost cooperation and sincerity.  He has not taken that Fifth Amendment as it was his right to do, and which because of the extreme legal complexity of this hearing, counsel advised him to do. So, I think in all fairness this committee should hear his statement and put it in the record.
I don't think that's necessary.
Senator, my client would like to read a statement for the record.
Mr. Hagen's, ma'am.
Whose orders are these?
If you could just give us a list, we'll pick up anything you want.
I'm going to the market.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Corleone.  We're not to let you through.
Yes.
It wasn't a miscarriage.  And you with your cunning, couldn't you figure it out!  It was an abortion; an abortion, like our marriage is an abortion, something unholy and evil.  I don't want your son; I wouldn't bring another of your sons into this world.  An abortion, Michael... it was a son, and I had it killed, but this must all end!
I know what it meant... and I'm prepared to make it up to you.  I will make changes; I can.  I CAN change; that I have learned, that I have the strength to change... And we have another child, a boy... and you'll forget the miscarriage.
The baby I lost...
How can I let you leave; how can I let you take my children away? Don't you know me?  You understand, it's an impossibility.  I would never let it happen; no, never, not if it took all my strength, all my cunning.  But in time, soon, you'll feel differently.  You see, you'll be happy that I stopped you.  I know you.  You'll forget about this; you'll forget about the baby we lost... and we'll go on, you and I.
You haven't heard me.
We'll go back tonight.  Bring the children.
At this moment, I feel no love for you at all.  I never thought that could happen, but it has.
If that's what it takes; then yes, I will.
Oh, I do feel things for you, Michael; but now, I think it's pity. For the first time since I've known you, you seem so helpless.  You held me a prisoner once; will you try again?
No, I don't want to hear anything. There are things between men and women that will not change; things that have been the same for thousands of years.  You are my wife, and they are my children... and I love you and I will not let you leave, because you are MINE!
Michael.
I won't let you leave!  Christ, do you think I'm going to let you leave.
Goodbye, Michael.
Kay, I told you...
I'll bring the children up now; they want to say goodbye.
When he saw his brother in the hearing room, he knew what was at stake.  I don't think Vincenzo would have done it.  He loves the kids, too. Omerta, Kay.  Honor, silence.  It had nothing to do with me.  It was between those brothers.
Kay, you've got it wrong.  That kind of thing's all over, I promised you.  This was between the two brothers.  Years ago Frankie had a young girlfriend; he called her his co-wife.  That was his joke, but he meant it.  He wouldn't divorce his wife... because she was a great cook.  He said he girlfriend made a spaghetti sauce once and it was so terrible he knew he could never marry her.  He set her up in a house in Jersey.  She had to be faithful... and she had to have kids. And she did, two, a boy and a girl. He had her checked out and watched so she couldn't cheat... but the girl couldn't stand that kind of life.  She begged him to let her go. He did.  He gave her money and made her give up the kids.  Then Frankie took them to Italy, and had them brought up by his brother Vincenzo. Where he knew they'd by safe.
You would have killed his brother?
That's all.  You see, in Sicily, in the old days... there was only one legitimate reason to kill a blood relative... only one.  IF he was a traitor.
And that's all he had to do.  Just show his face.
On a plane back to Sicily.
I didn't even know he had a brother. And where is he now?
His brother came to help him.
Tell me, Michael.  What really happened with Pentangeli?
Why too late?
I think it's too late for changes, Michael.  I promised myself I wouldn't talk about it and I've gone and spoiled it.
There are a lot of things I want to talk to you about.  Things I've been thinking about -- changes I want to make.
I'm not going to stay long; I can't.
Why don't you sit down?
In a minute.  They're outside with Esther.  I'm very happy for you... I suppose I knew that you're simply too smart for anyone ever to beat you.
Where?
I wanted to see you before you went back to Nevada.  Also, the children - Michael, they're here.
I had no idea...
Have Tom Hagen meet me in the Harbor House.
Leave her alone!  You're talking as though she has no right to be frightened when there are machine guns going off in her backyard.
It made me think of what you told me once.  In five years, the Corleone family will be completely legitimate.  That was seven years ago.
I'm sorry about some of the people I had to see today.  It was bad timing... but it couldn't be helped.
Yes, Michael, it does.
Does it feel like a boy?
Sleeping inside me.
How's the baby?
Yes, Michael.
Kay.
Mr. Ola's just leaving, Kay. Please tell the Senator I won't be a minute.
I'm sorry, Michael.  Senator Geary's here, and Mr. and Mrs. Barrett wanted to thank you before they left.  Won't you join us, Mr. Ola?
This is my boy, and my wife.  Mr. John Ola of Miami.
Anthony, Daddy's busy.
Get out of my hotel.
You missed my point; you are no longer an owner.
You don't come in here, talk to an owner in Las Vegas like that.
You said you were Klingman.
Who do you think you're talking to?
I represent the interests of the Corleone family.  We make the invitation to you to tie up your affairs and be out of the hotel by Monday morning.
Right here.
Where can we talk?
Who's asking?
Are you Klingman?
But times are different...
Your family?  How can you ever lose your family?
No, I meant lose his family.
You talk about the baby.  She can have another baby.
Alright.  They bother me once in awhile.  Tell me, when Pop had troubles... did he ever think, even to himself, that he had gone the wrong way; that maybe by trying to be strong and trying to protect his family, that he could... that he could... lose it instead?
Well, we can all have a nice dinner together tonight.  How are your eyes?
There are still things I have to do.
I'm alright.  Will you stay home for awhile?
It's Michael.  How are you, Mom?
There was this kid that I grew up with; he was a couple years younger than me, and sort of looked up to me, you know.  We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street.  Things were good and we made the most of it.  During prohibition, we ran molasses up to Canada and made a fortune; your father too.  I guess as much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to make a city out of a desert stop-over for G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man; a man with vision and guts; and there isn't even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of him in that town.  Someone put a bullet through his eye; no one knows who gave the order.  When I heard about it I wasn't angry.  I knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong, and talking loud, and saying stupid things.  So when he turned up dead, I let it go, and said to myself: this is the business we've chosen. I never asked, who gave the go ahead because it had nothing to do with business.
I know it wasn't me...so that leaves you.
I know that; but who gave the go ahead.
Why...the Rosato Brothers.
Who had Frankie Pantangeli killed?
Terrible.  I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting.
I've read it; I'm pleased that the government is doing so well.  As a heavy investor, I'm pleased.  How did the doctor find you?
You're a careful kid, and that's good.  But look.  An international dispatch on the wire service. American journalism, not propaganda. The government troops have all but eliminated the rebels.  All but their radio station.
Six million dollars in cash is a high price for a piece of a country in the middle of a revolution.
Still no word of your courier? We'll find him.  But at least this will satisfy our friends here. You've been invited to the New Year reception at the Presidential Home. I understand your brother is here as well; I hope he'll come.
This doubles my investment.
You'll be there to see it; you'll be there.
If only I could live to see it, kid; to be there with you.  How beautifully we've done it, step by step.  Here, protected, free to make our profits without the Justice Department, the FBI; ninety miles away in partnership with a friendly government.  Ninety miles, just a small step, looking for a man who desperately wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible.
Except the President of the United States.
I wouldn't consider anyone else.
Then you have to trace it.  Michael, people here look at me as a reliable man.  I can't afford not to be looked on as a reliable man.  But you know all that; there's nothing you can learn from me.  You shouldn't have to put up with a sick old man as a partner.
The money was sent.
My concern is that the three million never arrived at Batista's numbered account in Switzerland. He thinks it's because you have second thoughts about his ability to stop the rebels.
We're making a big investment in Cuba.  That's my only concern.
You have to be careful what you say in front of the others... they frighten easy.  It's always been that way, most men frighten easy.
I saw an interesting thing today. A man was being arrested by the Military Police; probably an urban guerrilla.  Rather than be taken alive, he exploded a grenade hidden in his jacket, taking the command vehicle with him.
Enjoy.
It means... &quot;The Lie.&quot;
I still don't speak Spanish, Michael.
Of course you must keep control of your family.
Then it's done.  I must choose his replacement: it cannot be Rosato.
It's always bad for business; but you have no choice.
Pentangeli is a dead man; do you object?
Nothing is more important.
Technically, they are still under the Clemenza wing of the Corleone Family, now run by Frankie Pentangeli.  After Clemenza died, the Rosatos wanted territory of their own.  Pentangeli refused, and came to me, asking for permission to eliminate them.  I, of course, knew of their relationship with you, and in gratitude for your help with the Tropicana matter, turned him down.  Pentangeli was furious, and paid one hundred and fifty thousand dollars to have me killed. I was lucky and he was stupid. I'll visit him soon.  The important thing is that nothing jeopardize our plans, yours and mine.  This thing of ours, that we will build.
We do favors for each other...
The Rosato Brothers have performed services for you in the past; I understand that they are under your protection.
However I can help you...
You're a great man, Mr. Roth, I have much to learn from you.
You're a considerate young man.
The incident of the other night is a nuisance that I can take care of. I came to you because I want nothing to affect our agreement; I wanted to clear everything I'm going to do with you, just in case.
What a mistake; people behaving like that, with guns.  It was my understanding we left all that behind.  But, let me tell you, the important thing is that you're all right.  Good health is the most important thing; more than success; more than power; more than money.
Yes.
I like sporting events -- I really enjoy watching them in the afternoon. One of the things I love about this country.  I loved baseball ever since Arnold Rothstein fixed the World Series of 1919...I heard you had some trouble.
Not for a few years.
Sit down, this is almost over.  You follow the baseball games?
So, that occurred to me.
So?
It occurred to me: the police are paid to fight, and the Rebels are not.
Jake, Jake, come over here.  Mike, I want you to meet Jake Cohen; he manages the casino for us.
Very impressive.
This is it!  We think it makes Vegas look like the corner crap game.
No, I'm fine.
Hiya, Mr. Corleone, I'm Sam Roth. Welcome to the Capri; my brother's upstairs.  You wanta take a rest before you see him, or can I get you something, anything at all?
Okay.  You know he doesn't have that kind of money.
Let him gamble.
They asked him to sign paper to take down the markers; but he got mad; told them to wait until he was finished.
He always makes money for his partners.  One by one, our old friends are gone.  Death, natural or not, prison, deported.  Our friend in Miami is the only one left, because he always made money for his partners.
He's very kind, tell him it's appreciated.  I'm sure it will be profitable all the way around.
The hotel's registered owners are one Jacob Lawrence, and Sidney Barclay, both Beverly Hills attorneys.  In reality it's split between the Old Lakeville Road Group from Cleveland, and our friend in Miami.  He takes care of others outside the country, you know who I mean.  Meyer Klingman runs the store, and does all right, but I've been instructed to tell you, that if you move him out, our friend in Miami will go along with you.
He appreciates your concern, Michael, and your respect.
Is there anything I can do; anything I can send?
Not good.
How is his health?
I just left our friend in Miami.
Sure, I remember Tom from the old days.
You know my lawyer, Tom Hagen. Johnny Ola.
I do not.
Do you have interests or control over gambling and narcotics in the state of New York.
I do not.
Mr. Corleone, do you have any hotel interests in the state of Arizona? Or any gambling interests in that state?
That is not true.  I own some stock in some of the hotels, but only very small amounts.  I also own some American Telephone and IBM stock.
Is it true that you own a controlling interest in three of the major hotels in Las Vegas?
That is a complete falsehood.
Is it true that in the year 1950 you devised the murder of the heads of the Five Families in New York, to assume and consolidate your nefarious power?
I deny his every charge.
This witness has testified that you are personally responsible for the murder of a New York Police Captain in the year 1947 and with him a man named Virgil Sollozzo.  Do you deny this?
No.
I'm sure we all agree with our esteemed colleague.  Now, Mr. Corleone, you have been advised as to your legal rights.  We have had testimony from a preceding witness who states you are head of the most powerful Mafia family in this country.  Are you?
Yes.
Are you the son of Vito Corleone?
Good.
Sure, Mike.  I'll go along.
This was my father's old study. When I was a kid, we had to be quiet when we played near here. When I was older, I learned many things from him here.  I was happy that this house never went to strangers; first Clemenza took it over, and then you.  My father taught me, in this room, never to act until you know everything that's behind things.  Never.  If Hyman Roth sees that I interceded with you in the Rosato Brothers' favor, he'll think his relationship with me is still sound.  I'm going somewhere to meet him tomorrow.  We have friends in some very important business that we're making.  Do this for me; you make the peace with the Rosato Brothers on their terms.  Let the word out that I forced you; you're not happy wit hit, but acquiesced, just because of me.  It will get back to Hyman Roth.  Do this, Frankie.  You can trust me.
Jesus Christ, Michael, then let's hit 'em now, while we still got the muscle.
Frankie, Roth tried to have me killed.  I'm sure it was him, but I don't know yet why.
Then why do you want me to lay down to them?
I know.
Always... But sometimes I don't understand.  I know I'll never have your kind of brains, in big deals. But Mike, this is a street thing. And Hyman Roth in Miami is behind the Rosato Brothers.
Frankie...do you respect me?  Do I have your loyalty?
It would be the beginning of the end for my family.  How can I keep all my other territories in like if I let two wise-guys stand up and demand this and that, and then give it to them?
Trust me; do as I ask.
Mike, I don't understand.  Don't ask me to do that.
I want you to settle on their terms.
I was just going to contact you, Michael; we just had a 'sit-down' - in fact, I just come from there.
I want you to settle these troubles with the Rosato Brothers.
Michael, anything.  What is it I can do for you?
I want you to help me take my revenge.
In my home!  In the same room where my wife was sleeping; where my children come in their pajamas, and play with their toys.
Michael, yes, we was all relieved...
I didn't want you to know I was coming.  You heard what happened in my home?
Don Corleone, I wish you let me know you was coming.  We could have prepared something for you.
He did business...but he never trusted him.
Frankie, you know my father respected Roth, did business with him.
You give your loyalty to a Jew over your own blood.
No.  There are things that I have planned with Hyman Roth.  I don't want them disturbed.
How can you be fair with animals? They recruit niggers and spicks; they do violence in their own Grandmother's neighborhoods.  And everything is dope and whores; the gambling is left to last.  Let me run my family without you on my back.  I want them taken care of.
I know.  That's why I want you to be fair with them.
The Rosatos are running crazy; taking hostages, spitting in my face, because they're backed by the Jew in Miami.
Frankie, you're a good old man, and you've been loyal to my Father for years...so I hope you can explain what you mean.
And while I feed my family in New York, you put the knife in my back in Miami.
Your family still carries the name Corleone, and you will run it like a Corleone!
Michael, you're sitting up here in the Sierra Mountains with champagne cocktails making judgment on the way I run my family.
They feel cheated.
Clemenza promised them nothing, he hated the sonsuvbitches.
Clemenza promised Rosato three territories in the Bronx after he died, and then you took over and welched.
Says who?
You were unfair with them.
Okay, now it's my family in Brooklyn; and I wanna keep up Clemenza's loyalty to you.  But how can I run my family with you challenging my every move?  You're too far from the street, Mike, the only way to reason with the Rosato Brothers is to whack 'em and whack 'em fast.
We were all heartbroken at the news; but that wasn't cause to start a war.
Sure, Pete Clemenza died of a heart attack, but the Rosato Brothers gave it to him.
After dinner.
When do we talk?
I know.
All right, then let me say you'll pay me because it's in your interests to pay me.
We're all part of the same hypocrisy, Senator.  But never think it applies to my family.
I'm going to squeeze you, Corleone, because I don't like you; I don't like the kind of man you are.  I despise your masquerade, and the dishonest way you pose yourself and your fucking family.
Senator Geary, I speak to you as a businessman who has made a large investment in your state.  I have made that state my home; plan to raise my children here.  The license fee from the Gambling Commission costs one thousand dollars; why would I ever consider paying more?
Let's forget the bullshit, I don't want to stay here any longer than I have to.  You can have the license for two hundred and fifty thousand in cash, plus a monthly fee equal to five percent of the gross...
Turnbull is a good man.
The Corleone family controls two major hotels in Vegas; one in Reno. The licenses were grandfathered in, so you had no difficulties with the Gaming Commission.  But I have the idea from sources...  ...that you're planning to move in on the Tropicana.  In another week or so you'll move Klingman out, which leaves you with only one technicality.  The license, which is now in Klingman's name.
Some water.
I trust these men with my life. They are my right arms; I cannot insult them by sending them away.
I thought we would meet alone.
My lawyer, Tom Hagen.  He arranged this all through your man Turnbull.
No, she's here.
On the phone?
No sign of them yet; but they're still on the Estate.
And?
Your family all seem to be okay in the other houses; your Mother's still sleeping.
It's important.
We'll try.
Keep them alive.
They're still on the property. Maybe you better stay inside.
That's a lucky C note for our new deal.
What's this?
Maybe, yes... maybe no.
He supports me.
What about Michael Corleone?
I'm talking about Italians!
We got friends in the commission.
You know if there's a way I'll go to the commission and the commission will side with me.  That puts me and the other New York families against you.
We got no choice.
You want a war?
Then Carmine Fucillo and Tony Blue DeRosa will need to be fitted for slabs.
What if I say shove it?
The same assurance we got from you.
What assurances do I have that there will be no more kidnapping, no more hits?
My lawyer went over this beforehand.
Pari Persu; what the fuck is Pari persu...?
We will release the hostages, number one.  Number two, we're here for you to count on when you need us.  We're independent, but we're here if you need us.  In general, we'll cooperate with you and your businesses, and you in turn will cooperate with us.  Pari persu.
I'm a little hungry, maybe I'll order something.  Joe.  Get me some bracciole or something. And pay cash.  And in return for these concessions, what do you do for me?
We want Brooklyn one hundred percent.  No more taxes to you.  We want to be only loosely connected with your family -- sort of a under-family all of our own.  Then we can act on all internal matters without talking.  Also we want you to inform Michael Corleone that we can deal directly with him.
Don't I look like I'm listening?
You wasn't listening, you didn't want to talk.
We could have talked first, saved a lot of running around.
You weren't straight with us, Frankie, what else could we do?
Forget it; I'm suddenly without an appetite.  You're making big trouble, Carmine.
Sure, on me.  I got Diner's Club.
Are we going to eat or what?
We worked it all out beforehand.
He don't want to talk?
Sitting right behind you.
Rosato, where's your brother?
I won't keep you another minute...
I accept your generosity...
In fact, reduced, bu five dollars!
What was that?
Your good heart in helping the poor widow has shamed me, and I want to show that I, too, have some Christian charity.  Her rent will remain what it was.
What a terrible misunderstanding. Of course, Signora Colombo can stay in the flat.  Who were those miserable tenants to complain about noise from a poor animal...when they pay such low rent.
Yes.
Excuse me, I hope I am not a disturbance, Don Corleone.
Like hell!  And who the hell are you to give me orders.  Watch your manners or you'll be on your Sicilian ass in the street there.
Here is the six month's increase in advance.  You needn't speak to her about it, she's a proud woman.  See me again in another six months. But of course, you'll let her keep her dog.
Eh...  Five dollars more.
How much more a month?
I've already rented it; I cannot disappoint the new tenants.  They're paying a higher rent.
I told her I would speak to you, that you are a reasonable man who acted out of some misunderstanding. She has gotten rid of the animal that caused all the trouble, so why shouldn't she stay.  As one Italian to another, I ask you the favor.
I have already rented the apartment to another family.
Damn straight.  I'm sick of playing games.
Is that all this conversation means to you?  Am I going to put out or not?
So you don't want to fuck.  That's what you're telling me?
Sure you're free, for now at least. But how long before you're just alone?  Pathetic and alone.
I like my life.  I'm a free man.
What are you then?  What will you be ten years from now?  Still cutting lawns?  Still banging horny divorcees in your trailer?
I'm not a kid.
The look on your face!  You're not marriage material.  You're not even boyfriend material.  You're a kid. A big, fun, slightly irresponsible kid.
You mean us?
You know, I just can't do that anymore.  I still have time to get things right.  Get married again --
If you enjoy it, you should do it.
Sure.  I loved it.
You liked it too.
No, I'm actually kind of glad it happened.  It made me wonder what the hell I was doing with my life. Letting you pull me into bed whenever the spirit moved you.
I didn't mean to...
It still hurt.  A lot.
Hey, no strings, right?  That's what you always said.  Just good pals who have the hots for each other.
You picked up that girl right in front of me.
All the old men I know think about nothing but sex.
He's an artist.  Anyway, he's too old to think about sex.
It never crossed your mind?
It's different.  He's a man.  And by the way you have no business calling him a homo.
Do you realize you're more interested in this old goober than you ever were in me?
This old guy -- he's the kind of person I expected to meet when I moved out here.  Someone who's done things with his life.
Yeah, and I'm never going to smoke another cigarette.
I wasn't going to try anything.
It means it's too cold to go swimming.  And I don't mean the water.
What's that mean?
If he were that famous, he probably wouldn't give me the time of day. This way, he's like <u>my</u> famous person.  Yeah, my own personal famous person.  Who treats me like I'm somebody worth talking to.
Not so famous any of us have ever heard of him.
I've gotten to know someone who's famous.
What's to be jealous of?
You know what?  I think you guys are all jealous.
Weird.
So what did you think?
Funny is funny and scary is scary. You don't mix them.
Maybe it's supposed to be funny.
These old movies are such a hoot. They thought they were being scary, but they're just funny.
Go wash glasses if you don't like it.
This looks corny.
We're watching the movie, Harry. You got that!  We are watching my fucking movie.
Not anymore you don't.  Doll.
Fuck you.
All right, then.  He's interested in you for your conversation.  We know what a great talker you are.
Yeah, well keep your filthy thoughts to yourself.
Just thinking out loud.
What makes you say that?
Why is everybody giving me crap tonight?
I say let loverboy watch his movie.  And be grateful Boone's not cutting Shirley Temple's lawn.
Thanks, doll.
You are right.  Yes.  We must put him back.
But how're you going to explain this?  How did you get him out of the pool?
Do you want to be questioned about you and Mr. Jimmy?  Please, Clayton.  It will be better if I find the body alone.
We have his note.
The police will not know that. They will want to investigate.
But I didn't do this!
You must leave.  You were not here this morning.
He says here good-bye.  I find it in his room.  He is sorry, he says. He has had a wonderful life.
He wanted me to kill him, but I didn't.  He did it himself.
Oh, Mr. Jimmy.
I didn't do it.  This wasn't me.
I put him to bed.  He's not there?
What have you done with him?
It is my job.  I did it when he was happy and it was easy.  It is only fair I do it now when he is ill.  Enough talk.  I must wake up the master.
Take care of Mr. Whale like he was your flesh and blood.
What do I do?
Thanks.  Why do you do it?
I blame my daughter for keeping me out so late.  I only hope you did not get him excited.  It could give him a new stroke.
Maybe.  But I still need to talk. Do I have time for a cup of coffee before I go?
There is nothing you can say that will surprise me.
I need to talk to you about Mr. Whale.
I have brought you your clothes. All I ask is that you get dressed and go.  We are having a guest for breakfast.
It's not what you think.
Yes.  I trust you.
I'm not going to hurt anyone.
Good.  That is what I hope.  I did not think you a bugger too.  I fear only that you might hurt him if he tries.
No!
You and he are not doing things?
Well...no, not really --
You did not know?
You're telling me Mr. Whale is a homo.
That is why he must go to hell.  I do not think it fair.  But God's law is not for us to judge.
Yes!  You know?
A homo?
What is the good English?  All I know is bugger.  He is a bugger. Men who bugger each other.
No.  His is the worse.  The unspeakable.  The deed no man can name without shame?
Sins of the flesh?  Everybody has those.
This is what the priests tell me. His sins of the flesh will keep him from heaven.
You're sure of that?
No.  I have children, grandchildren too.  I visit when I can.  But now that Mr. Jimmy cannot be left very long, I do not get away much.  Poor Mr. Jimmy.  There is much good in him, but he will suffer the fires of hell.  Very sad.
Then you're as single as I am.
He is dead now, twenty years.
Yeah?  What's your husband do?
Of course.  I am married still.
You ever been married, Hanna?
You proposing what I think you're proposing?  Don't you think I'm a little young for you?
A man who is not married has nothing.  He is a man of trouble. You need a woman.
Oh, I don't know.  Because no girl in her right mind will have me?
Why?
I'm not married.
Your wife?
You mean family?  All in Joplin, Missouri.
No.  We live simply, Mr. Jimmy and I.  People come to play bridge. And now and then, young men to swim.  You have people, Boone?
I bet you've seen a lot of famous people come and go?  Movie stars?
Long enough.  Fifteen years.
How long you worked for Mr. Whale?
That's okay, Hanna.  I'm more comfortable in here.  It is Hanna, isn't it?
No.  You are a guest now.  You go in the living room.
Tea is fine.
The Master is dressing.  I am to offer you a drink.  There is whiskey and there is iced tea.
Expect nothing fancy.
Got a lawn this afternoon, but I'm free until then.
The Master wants to know if you are free for lunch.  I tell him you will be having other plans, but he insists I ask.
Something I can do for you?
You do that.
No.  No.  I am sorry.  Forget everything I say.  Here.  I will take the tray.
Gimme a break.  I'm going to sit on my ass while he draws pictures.  Is that going to hurt him?
You will not hurt him?
Yeah, I'm a good man.  Something make you think I'm not?
What kind of man are you?  Are you a good man?
What're you talking about?
I'm keeping away.  What you are doing is no business of mine.
It's your job, lady, not mine.  I'm here so he can draw my picture.
The Master is waiting for you.
Don't worry, you already paid me. I'm here because --
Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow...
You'll feel better tomorrow.
When you die...be sure your brain is the last organ to fizzle --
All right.
I can undress myself, thank you.
Pray you, undo this button.
Need some help?
Nothing I didn't deserve.
Did I hurt you?
Oh Clayton.
You okay?
No, I don't want to die alone.  But to be killed by you -- that would make death bearable.  They say you never see the one with your name on it.  But I want to see death coming at me.  I want it to be sharp and hard, with a human face.  Your face.  Think, Clayton.  You'd be my second Monster.  Almost as famous as the first.  It would be the great adventure you've yearned for. A war story for both of us to share.
Look, if you want to die do it yourself!
You're crazy.
Break my neck.  Or strangle me.  It would be oh so easy to wrap your hands around my neck and choke the life out of me.  Please, Clayton. We've come this far.
Oh, but you have.  You undressed for me.  I kissed you.  I even touched your prick.  How will you be able to live with yourself?
I haven't done a damn thing with you!
Wait until I tell my friends I had you naked in my arms.  Won't they be surprised?
Oh, but you feel good, Clayton.
I'm not that way.  Get it through your fucking head.  I don't want to mess with you.
Relax, Clayton.  I can't hear you. I can't hear a word.
Just take off the fucking mask!
It's too tight.
What was that?
All right.  Let's take it off now.
There are straps in back.
It's from the first World War, isn't it?
Please, Clayton.  Just for a minute.  Long enough for me to see the effect.
I don't know.
For the artistic effect.  The combination of your human body and that inhuman mask.  It's quite striking.
Why?
Don't move.
What did you expect?  Bronze?
You are much too human.
What won't do?
No.  It won't do.
What'd you say?
So it is going to happen after all.
Oh no, my friend.  It's digging itself up.  There is nothing in the here and now to take my mind off it.  All my diversions have abandoned me.  Parties.  Reading. Painting.  Work.  Love.  All gone to me now.
You survived it.  It can't hurt you now.  It's no good to dig it up.
Oh death where is thy sting-a-ling? Grave where thy victory?
Your friend?
Barnett.  Barnett on the wire.
You're planning a trip?
Oh, but it does.  Especially in light of the journey I'm about to make.
But that was so long ago.  It can't still bother you.
I don't recall.  Memories of the war, perhaps.
I said it must be weird seeing your monsters again, and you said, "The only monsters are here."  I was wondering which here you meant.
James Whale.  This afternoon at the party.
I don't remember that one.
That's from your movie, right? "The only monsters are here."
"A perfect night for mystery and horror.  The air itself is filled with monsters."
Storm's getting worse.
Not at all.
Do you mind?
That's where you're wrong, Clayton. You've just told one.  A very good story indeed.
Them's the breaks, right?  No war stories for this pup.
I'm very sorry.
You know what he did when I called him?  He laughed.  He laughed so hard he practically burst a blood vessel.  Said it was a good lesson for me.  Not to try to fill his shoes.
I didn't have the guts for it.
What happened?
I figured he'd think, you know -- it was the next best thing.  Hey, I loved it too.  A chance to be a part of something important. Something bigger than yourself.
Is that why you joined the Marines? For your father's sake?
The morning after Pearl Harbor, he drove down to St. Louis to reenlist.  He was so damn excited. World War II was going to be his second chance.  They told him he was too old...fat ...nearsighted.  Said he'd be more use to his country if he stayed home and looked after his family.
That's not the way he saw it.  To him, it was like his life never got started.  Nothing else really mattered.  Definitely not his family.
A very lucky thing indeed.
By the time he was ready to ship out, the fighting was over.  He missed out.
The Great War?
My old man was a Marine.  He enlisted the day he turned seventeen.
I see.
-- that I was a Marine.  Which is true.  You filled in the rest.
But you said --
I never made it to Korea.
Come now.  I'm sure you came across such situations in Korea.  A wounded comrade, or perhaps one of the enemy?  Someone for whom death would be a blessing.
Never gave it much thought.
Tell me something, Clayton.  Do you believe in mercy killing?
Why not?  Give us something to do while we wait.
I'd like to try again.  If you're game.
I thought you'd given up on my picture.
After dinner, if Hanna isn't back? Can we try a few more sketches?
The only memento I ever kept.  My original sketch for the Monster.
Is that --?
Very sporting of you, Clayton.
Do I have any other choice?
Sorry.  My pajamas are tailored. Would it be too distressing to continue with the towel?  No more immodest than a kilt, you know.
You don't have any baggy shorts? Pajama bottoms?
That only leaves the rest.
No.  Definitely not.
You're much wider than I am.  You won't want to attempt to get into my pants.
I'm afraid not.  Terribly sorry.  I believe I promised you some clothes.
Ten minutes ago.  Didn't you hear me calling?
Oh, of course.  Clayton.  You finished your shower already?
Good.  Let's get dry.
Certainly you have better things to do than babysit an old man?
Just a night out.  Sounds like she can't say no to her daughter.
It's not like her.
Catch my death.
I better get you home before you catch your death from pneumonia.
We're not sugar.  We won't melt.
You don't want to wait it out? Rain should let up soon.
Let's get out of this funk hole
Can't you see?  It's raining!
Run for what?
Oh fuck.  And we left the top down. You want to run for it?
Monsters?  The only monsters...  ...are here.
Must have been funny for you. Seeing your monsters again.
Neither of us really belongs here.
Actually, no.  I feel a little out of place.
Are you enjoying yourself?
David produced her last picture.
Is that really her?
Girl?  Oh.  Elizabeth Taylor.
No.  The girl.
David.  The friend I thought was in New York.
Who's that?
Nothing of importance.  Just two old men slapping each other with lilies.  Shall we have a drink?
What was that about?
Exactly.  Cukor was too cheap to hire music.  There's nothing but chin-wag.  The cold dreary custard of English chin-wag.
I don't hear anything.
What did I tell you?  Listen.
Nothing would please me more.
If that's okay?
I suppose you'd like the top down.
Do I look okay?
Good afternoon, Clayton.
Clayton is fine.
Very good, Clayton.  May I call you Clayton?  Or do you prefer Boone?
I'm game.  Sure.
If you don't mind driving, I'd like to take you as my guest.  There should be lots of pretty starlets to keep you amused.
You don't want me to sit for you anymore?
It was foolishness to attempt this portrait.  You cannot force what will not flow.
No harm done.
My apologies.  I had no business snapping at you.
I want -- I want...
I don't get it.  First you creep me out with homo shit.  Then you hit me with war stories.  And now you're upset because I listen? What do you want?
Just go.  Please.  Why don't you go?
Of course I remember.  Do you think I'm so senile --
You asked me to model.  Remember?
You're very clever, Mr. Boone.  You just sit there and let me talk. What a sorry old man, you're thinking.  What a crazy old poof.  Why are you here?  What do you want from me?
You're the one who started it.
Why do I tell you this?  I never told David.  I never even remembered it until you got me going.
I didn't --
You will not set me on another walk down memory lane.  Not this lane. Not today.
Something happened to him?
Barnett.  Was that his name? Leonard Barnett.  He came to the front straight from Harrow.  And he looked up to me.  Unlike the others, he didn't care that I was a workingman impersonating his betters.  How strange, to be admired so blindly.  I suppose he loved me.  But chastely, like a schoolboy.
No, my dear.  The Crimean War. What do you think?  The Great War. You had a Good War, while we had --
This was World War I?
I was an officer.
You were a soldier?
Not at all.  I was in the foxholes myself.
You're talking through your hat now.
Oh, there may not be atheists in the foxholes, but there are occasionally lovers.
You must think the whole world is queer.  Well it's not.  War sure isn't.
No teammates in football?  No comrades in Korea?
There's no people like you in my crowd.
Same difference, Mr. Boone. Disgust, fear of the unknown -- all part of the great gulf that stands between us.  Am I right in assuming that you've had little experience with men of my persuasion?
Not fear.  More like disgust.
And the fear you showed at our last session?  How did you overcome that?
I told you.  I don't like to talk about that.
What about your stint in Korea? I'm sure it was full of dramatic episodes.
Not me.
Everybody has stories to tell.
I don't know.  I guess I like your stories.
I'm curious, Mr. Boone.  What convinced you to come back?
I'd like to sit for you again.  But only if you ease up on the locker room talk.  Okay?
Mr. Boone.  You're not due to cut the lawn until Wednesday.
Oh no.  I never swim.
You first.
The extras are in their places. Now we need the star.  Wouldn't you like to get in the pool?
From now on, Mr. Whale, I cut your grass and that's it.  Understand?
I assure you, Mr. Boone, I meant no --
Isn't it enough you told me you're a fairy?  Do you have to rub my nose in it?
Cut it out!
Of course, they weren't nearly as bashful.  No, this room was once filled with bare buttocks.  And pricks.  Hard, arrogant pricks --
Twenty years.  Too long.  We were like a play whose run outlasted the cast's ability to keep it fresh. So I finally decided to close down the show.
How long were you...?
But I chose freedom.  David was still in the thick of it, his life full of anxiety and studio intrigue.  I didn't fancy spending my golden years as merely "the friend."  The dirty little secret of a nervous producer.
Better work.
You've done a helluva lot more than most people.
I think we all want to feel we've left our mark on the world.  Yes. I wish I had done more work.
It's so far in the past now.  Over fifteen years --
Do you miss it?
After that, I went out of fashion. I was no longer able to command the best projects, so I walked away.  Why should I spend my time working in such a dreadful business?
The fucking studio butchered it. It was 1937, Hitler's armies were already massing -- and still the New York bankers stood in line to curry his favor.  Anything to avoid losing the German market.  They cut away the guts and brought in another director to add slapstick. The picture laid an egg, a great expensive bomb.  For which I was blamed.
What happened?
You might not think it to look at me now, but there was a time when I was at the very pinnacle of my profession.  The horror movies were behind me.  I'd done "Show Boat." Major success.  Great box office. Now I was to do something important.  "The Road Back."  An indictment of the Great War and what it did to Germany.  It was to be my masterpiece.
In a way, yes.  I suppose so.  I know it's why I stopped making pictures.
Is that why you and your friend split up?  Because you wanted to be free?
I like that.  But take care, Mr. Boone.  Freedom is a drug, much like any other.  Too much can be a very bad thing.
Thoreau with a lawnmower.
Ah.  A philosopher.
The world is just one kiss-ass game after another.  A man has to make up his own life, alone.
Very well put.
You know how it is.  You have to kiss ass just to get a piece of it.
Why not?
Not at the moment.
Tell me more about yourself, Mr. Boone.  You have a steady companion?
Of course.  I don't want to scare you off.  Not before I'm finished with you.
I don't mean to be a prick, but that's how I feel.
Suppose we unbutton the top and pull it down around your shoulders? Two buttons.  Is that so much to ask?  Just two little buttons.
I'm fine.  I'd just rather keep it on.
Oh dear.  I <u>have</u> made you nervous.
I just feel more comfortable keeping it on.  You just said you didn't want me self-conscious.
But we have to match the other sketch.
Sorry.  Not today.
It will only make you self-conscious.  You'll have to remove your shirt.
Can I see what you did so far?
No.  I --
I hope this has nothing to do with your refusing to sit for me today?
What you do is no business of mine. Live and let live, I say.
So we understand each other?
Don't be ridiculous.  I know a real man like you would break my neck if I so much as laid a hand on him. Besides, you're not my type.
You know.  Look at me like -- like I look at women.
What way might that be?
You don't think of me that way, do you?
I never thought you were.
I'm not, you know.
Oh dear.  If one must have a clinical name.
No, I -- you're a homosexual.
Does that surprise you?
Or a husband.  Depending on which of us you asked.  My friend David. He lived here for many years.
So you had a wife?
No.  At least not in the legal sense.
You ever been married, Mr. Whale?
Just a trim.  And mine while you're at it.  Fingers are a bit stiff today.
All righty.  I understand.
Sorry.  I don't feel like sitting still today.
I'll pay our going rate.  Plus what you'd get if you did the hedges.
Can't today.
What is we say phooey to the hedges?  Could you spare an hour after lunch?  To sit for me?
Full up.  I got the hedges to do here, then another lawn out by La Cienega.
Yes, I believe you could.  How free is your schedule this afternoon?
No.  I could have, though.
Quite true.  Hand-to-hand combat is the true test.  Did you ever slay anyone hand-to-hand?
Proud?  Any jerk with a gun can kill someone.
It's nothing to be ashamed of, in the service of one's country. That's something to be proud of.
I don't like to talk about that.
Did you kill anyone?
Of course.  I had to make it interesting for myself, you see.  A comedy about death.  The trick is not to ruin it for anyone who isn't in on the joke.  But the Monster never receives any of my gibes.  He is noble.  Noble and misunderstood.
Why?  Was it supposed to be funny?
Pity.  People are so earnest nowadays.
No.
Did anyone laugh?
I liked it.  We all did.
Did you now?
Saw your movie the other night. Watched it with some friends.
Yes.  An old, useless friend.  You must excuse me, Mr. Boone.  This is a world I finished with long ago. I pay them no mind and expect them to return the compliment.  Lunch should be ready.  Shall we?
This David's a friend?
Is this David's doing?
Go ahead.
Do you mind?
I assume you worked up an appetite with your labor.
All right, I guess.
How are you, Mr. Boone?  So glad you are free for lunch.
I don't mind.  I'm not crazy about my old man either.
You have to excuse me, Mr. Boone. Since my stroke, I am often overcome with nostalgia.
In Dudley there were more sides of the tracks than any American can imagine.  Every Englishman knows his place.  And if you forget, there's always someone to remind you.  My family had no doubts about who they were.  But I was an aberration in that household a freak of nature.  I had imagination, cleverness, joy.  Where did I get that?  Certainly not from them.
I guess you'd say we lived on the wrong side of the tracks.
No, you were middle class, like all Americans.
We weren't rich.  But we weren't poor either.
There's something about the openness of your face that makes me want to speak the truth.  Yes, my family ate dripping.  Beef dripping and four to a bed, and a privy out back in the alley.  Are you also from the slums, Mr. Boone?
I've spent most of my life outrunning my past.  Now it's flooding all over me.
What?
I'm sorry.  I've just realized how terribly ironic it all is.
Of course not.  As I said, only poor people --
Your family ate dripping?
It is.  Only the poorest families ever ate it.  We kept ours in a crockery jar.
Sounds like something you feed the dog.
Dripping?  Do you ever eat dripping in this country?  The fat from roasts and such, congealed in jars.  Used like butter on bread.
It's a bit like being at the doctor, isn't it?  You have to remain perfectly still while I examine and scrutinize you.
No.  I'm fine.
Would you be more comfortable barefoot?  Feel free to remove your boots and socks.
That's exactly what I intend to do.
Take a picture, it lasts longer.
All right already.  I'll take it off.  Kind of warm in here anyway.
We could wrap this like a toga around your shoulders.  Would that help you overcome your schoolgirl shyness?
Oh if it's going to make you uncomfortable...  Perhaps we can find something else for you to wear.
But it's just my face you want to draw.
Pish posh, Mr. Boone.  I'm not your Aunt Tilly.
I'm not wearing an undershirt.
I'm sorry.  It's too white, too distracting.  Would it be asking too much for you to take it off?
It's new.
That shirt, Mr. Boone.
Hmmm.  I much prefer "Show Boat" or "The Invisible Man."  Shall we begin?
"Bride of Frankenstein."
You don't say?  Which picture?
Did you see this?  They're showing one of your movies tomorrow night.
Excellent.  We'll have a most interesting time.
All right then.  Sure.  I could use the extra dough.
I have no interest in your body, Mr. Boone.  I can assure you of that.
You don't want to draw pictures of me in my birthday suit, right?
What are you suggesting?  You'll charge extra if I include a hand or a bit of shoulder.
And it's just my head you want? Nothing else?
Even an amateur artist needs a subject to inspire him.
But why?
Indeed.  I'd pay for the privilege of drawing your head.
You mean -- you really want to draw me?
I apologize for going on like this. It's the Sunday painter in me.  Of course I can understand your refusal.  It's a great deal to ask of someone.
Yes.  You were a Marine.
Just a year.  I dropped out to join the Marines.
You went to university?
Football in college.
But expressively broken.  How did it happen?
Broke is more like it.
You have the most architectural skull.  And your nose.  Very expressive.
What's to sketch?
Sat for an artist.  Been sketched.
You mean, like posed for pictures?
To an artistic eye, you understand. Have you ever modeled?
Huh?
You must excuse me for staring, Mr. Boone.  But you have a marvelous head.
Nothing serious.  A touch of stroke.
What was wrong?
I returned recently from a stay in hospital.
What did she mean by going flooey?
When they stay in your employ too long, servants begin to think they're married to you.  Please, Mr. Boone.  Help yourself.
Merely comfortable.  Here's Hanna with our refreshments.  Can you get the door?
Still.  You must be rich.  Making a couple of famous movies like those.
I made only the first two.  The others were done by hacks.
"Frankenstein" and "Bride of" and "Son of" and all the rest?
Really?
This and that.  The only ones you maybe have heard of are the "Frankenstein" pictures.
Yeah?  What were some of your movies?
In my youth, yes, but never in Hollywood.  No, I was merely a director here.
Sure, everybody does.  When I was a kid I'd go with my sister twice a week.  Why?  Were you an actor or something?
But before I retired, you might say I had a brief time in the sun. Fame, as it were.  Tell me, do you like motion pictures?
They're just copies then.  Gotcha.
They were familiar when I painted them.  That one's copied from a Dutch still life done almost three hundred years ago.  And that's a Rembrandt.
I'm just a hick who cuts lawns. But some of these look familiar.
You know what they say.  If you have to ask --
Excuse me, but -- are you famous?
What?  Oh yes.
These are your paintings?
Splendid.
No.  Iced tea's fine.
Or would you prefer a beer?
The honest sweat of one's brow.  I assure you I won't be offended. Let me tell Hanna to bring tea for two.
I stink to high heaven right now.
I was just about to ask Hanna to bring down iced tea.  I'd like it very much if you'd join me.
Just got away from me.  Sorry to disturb you.
Everything alright, Mr. Boone?
Yeah.  I better get on with my work.
Getting to be a warm day.  A scorcher, as you Yanks call it.
The Marines.  Good for you.  You must have served in Korea.
Just that I was in the Marines.
I couldn't help but notice your tattoo.  That phrase?  Death Before Dishonor.  What does it mean?
Boone.  Clayton Boone.
And your name is --?
Nice place.
My name is Whale.  This is my house.
Mornin'.
Good morning.
Have a drink?
Hey, Boone.
I think I'll hang around.
You coming, Boone?
Ooooh.
This kisser wasn't so bad you couldn't lay under it a few times.
You ever hear of this Whale fellow?
I liked it.  You learn stuff listening to old-timers.
Hasta la vista, Boone.  And give the jail bait a squeeze for me.
I'm up.  Thanks.
You told me to get you up, asshole.
Fuck off!
Boone!  You awake?  Eight o'clock.
She took the night off.  Heavy date.  Some guy she's had her eye on for a while.
Where's Betty?
I thought I'd give you a hand since I kept you open.
Go home, Clay.  We're closing up.
The Monster's lonely and he wants a friend, a girlfriend, somebody. What sick about that?
Sick stuff.  Necrophilia.  I wonder if they knew how sick they were.
I just want to watch it, okay?
You're like a dog with a bone over this movie, Clay.
Good.  Fine.
Calm down, Clay.  Just calm down. We'll watch it.
I told you.  I don't turn on the TV except for the fights.
If you don't believe me, let's watch this movie.  See if his name's on it.  How about it, Harry? Can I watch my damn movie?
Can't say that I have.  Can't say I've heard of a lot of people though.
All right, then.  I'll come by tomorrow for breakfast.
Yes.  Perfectly.
Jimmy, there are people here I need to speak to.  You'll be fine on your own?
Then who did?
I didn't ask George to invite you.
No.  I never could.  You must regret having had the invitation sent.
Well the rest of us aren't.  Can't you remember that?
But I have no reputation.  I'm as free as the air.
You know what I mean.  Your reputation.
Oh dear.  I'll never work in this town again?
You only embarrass yourself.
I did.  But Princess Margaret was a doll.  We're all equals in her eyes.  As commoners, I presume.
You didn't, Jimmy.
You should have seen Georgie's face when he met Clayton.
Oh, David, stop being a nanny.
Should you be drinking in your condition?
I was, until last night.  Publicity asked me to fly Miss Taylor in for today's reception.
Just what I was about to ask you. I thought you were in New York.
What are you doing here?
Goodbye, Hanna.
Thank you.
By the way, I like the Renoir.
Oh, David.  There's no pleasure in making you feel guilty.  You better go, my boy.  You'll be late for that aeroplane.
You remember how a production eats up one's life.
"The fault, dear David, is not in ourselves but in our stars."
I'm sorry, Jimmy.  But with this movie and two difficult stars --
I wanted to be alert for your visit today.  Especially since I saw so little of you in the hospital.
Then take the pills.
It's the ridiculous pills they prescribe.  If I take them, I spend the next day stupid as a stone. If I don't, my mind seems to go off in a hundred directions at once --
She tells me you haven't been sleeping well.
You seem to be saying that this isn't just a case of resting until I'm better.  That my condition will continue to deteriorate until the end of my life.
Take the Luminal to sleep, or whenever you feel an attack coming on.
So what do I do?
In a manner of speaking.  I've never encountered the olfactory hallucinations, but I'm sure they're related.
But the rest of it?  The killing headaches.  The phantom smells.  My inability to close my eyes without thinking a hundred things at once. It's all nothing more than bad electricity?
That's as good a way as any to describe it.  I've seen far worse cases.  You might even learn to enjoy these walks down memory lane.
You're saying there's an electrical storm in my head?
The central nervous system selects items from a constant storm of sensations.  Whatever was killed in your stroke appears to have short-circuited this mechanism. Parts of your brain now seem to be firing at random.
That's what I'm trying to explain.
Yes, yes, Dr. Payne.  But from the neck up?  What's my story there?
You're a lucky man, Mr. Whale. Whatever damage was done by your stroke, it left your motor abilities relatively unimpaired.
My line nowadays runs to Rin Tin Tin.  Dogs are so much more dependable than men.
More your line.
I would've thought Mr. Leslie Howard would be more your line.
In the sequel, James, two lady scientists should make a monster. And our monster would be Gary Cooper.
Oh no, my dear.  You look absolutely amazing.  There's no way I can compete with you.  The scene is yours.
Only a mad scientist could do this to a woman.
My God.  Is the audience to presume that Colin and I have done her hair?  I thought we were mad scientists, not hairdressers.
Good-bye.  So nice to see you...
We'll be in touch, Jimmy.
Oh dear.
Is that Boris?  Our little chum appears to be arranging a reunion.
What's our pesky friend up to now?
Of course.
I'm fine, Jimmy.  I can only stay a few minutes.
Perfectly all right.  But if you'd like to sit --
Please.  You shouldn't stand on my account.
But you appear quite fresh, my dear.
We're all getting a bit long in the tooth.
Oh, nothing out of the ordinary. Growing old.
I saw Una O'Conner a few weeks ago. She said you'd been under the weather.
Elsa?
Jimmy.  How are you?
Nonsense, my dear.  You look extraordinary.  Today's script.  Quick.  And a pencil.
And you said there'd be some of me left.  Nobody's going to know me in this getup.
Boris?  Do I look a fright?
Bring a mirror.  Let the Bride feast upon her visage.
Uh-oh.  The way you look at me, James.  What have you done this time?
No.  I do not cook for them.  My daughter's no-good husband will not take one bite of our food.
I'll be out this afternoon, remember?  Your family can visit as long as they like.
That is my daughter.  She say she and her husband are coming to town this afternoon.  I am sorry, Mr. Jimmy.  I will make it short.
It must be up in your old room.  I will look.
It needs a hat.  There was a wide-brimmed cream fedora...
Of course.  How is the old boy these days?
I have my family.  Also our Lord Jesus Christ.
Do you miss having someone to talk to, Hanna?
No.  But someone you can talk to.
I'd hardly call our yardman a friend.
Mr. Boone.  He is an interesting friend.
A visitor.
Who was that at the door?
Of course.  This afternoon.
Does the yardman come today?
Good night.
I'll be fine, Hanna.  Thank you.
You will take them all, Mr. Jimmy?
She is beautiful.
She is horrible.
No, Hanna.  My heart isn't that black.
He is not going to kill the old man?
Don't be silly, Hanna.  He's a very proper actor.  And the dullest fellow imaginable.
Oh, that monster.  How could you be working with him?
Go.
He looks plenty big.  You won't need my help if anything goes flooey.
Just go.  We can manage without you.
I am not forgetting your last brief chat.
Yes, yes, yes.  I merely invited Mr. Boone in for a glass of tea. We'll have a brief chat and he'll finish the yard.
You remember what the doctor tells us.
My mind's lovely.  And yours?
How are you feeling, Mr. Jimmy? How is your mind today?
No.  Let me lie here.  Thank you.
Perhaps we should get you uphill before the pills knock you cold.
Oh shut up.  All we did was talk. My attack had nothing to do with him.
I do not think you anything anymore.  Just back from the hospital and already you are chasing after boys.
You must think I'm terrible, Hanna.
Luminal.
Which ones?  I bring them all.
Yes?
Mr. Kay, sir.
Don't be daft.  It's just a student from the university.
Yes, Mr. Jimmy.  An interview.  After so many years. Very exciting.
There is iced tea, Hanna?  Cucumber sandwiches?
Bone?  Boom?  Something Bee.  I hire him while you were in the hospital.  He came cheap.
Hanna?  Who's the new yardman?
Don't go away.
My monsters?
Don't think that, Mr. Whale.  I love your movies.  That's why I wanted you to come to this.  So I could see you with your monsters.
I commend you.  If you're going to pursue poofs, go after those who can do favors for you.  You waste everybody's time when you court dinosaurs.
I interviewed him after I met you. I'm his social secretary now. Well, assistant to his secretary.
You, Mr. Kay?  How do you know George Cukor?
I'm the one who got you on Mr. Cukor's guest list.
You didn't?
Bet you thought you'd never see me again.  I didn't know if you'd be well enough to come to this party.
Mr....Kay?
Right.
I'm sorry I spoiled it for you. You should probably go home.
I was going to take a swim.
Head.  Not heart.
Oh my God.  What's wrong, Mr. Whale?  Is it your heart?
I just need to -- lie down. Studio.  Daybed in studio.
Mr. Whale?  Are you all right?
You think so?  That's very kind --
He's one of the great images of the twentieth century.  As important as the Mona Lisa.
My idea.  Muchly.  My sketches. Big heavy brow.  Head flat on top so they could take out the old brain and put in the new, like tinned beef.
Who came up with the Monster's makeup and look?
Universal wanted me for another story, and wanted me so baldly -- I mean badly, not baldly.  I was given the pick of stories being developed, and I picked that one.
Righto.  Let me see.
Okay.  "Frankenstein."  Tell me everything.
Maybe you'd like a swim when we're through.  I never swim myself, so the pool tends to go to waste.
Just like going swimming, isn't it?
I can't believe I'm doing this.
Of course.
Can that count as one question?
Will you tell me everything you remember about making "Frankenstein"?
Certainly, Mr. Kay.  Is there anything in particular you want to know?
Can we talk about the horror movies now?
I guess.
Don't be shy.  There's time to stop before you go too far.
Take off your vest and I'll tell you a story.
George Cukor?  Who made "A Star Is Born"?  I never guessed.
You must understand how Hollywood was twenty years ago.  Nobody cared a tinker's cuss who slept with whom, so long as you kept it out of the papers.  Outside of Hollywood, who knows who George Cukor is, much less what he does with those boys from the malt shops along Santa Monica?
Too warm for a sweater, anyway.
A homosexual scandal, you mean? For me to answer a question of that magnitude, you'll have to remove both your shoes and your socks.
That you were forced to retire because, uh -- a sex scandal.
What rumors might those be?
Then the rumors are true?
Quite.
You're serious.
It is, isn't it?  My life as a game of strip poker.  Shall we play?
That's funny, Mr. Whale.
Let's make it more interesting.  I will answer any question you ask. But, for each answer, you must remove one article of clothing.
I don't mind.
I have a proposal, Mr. Kay.  This mode of questioning is getting old, don't you think?
No.  I never said you were.  Or will be soon.
I am not dead yet, Mr. Kay.
But it's the horror movies you'll be remembered for.
Twenty-one.  The romantic comedies and dramas were much more to my liking.  The horror pictures were trifles.  Grand guignol for the masses.
Oh no, I want to hear everything. You made twenty pictures in all --
Am I correct in assuming, Mr. Kay, that it's not me you're interested in, only my horror pictures?
How much longer before we get to "Frankenstein"?
There was one play in particular, a beautiful, grim study of war called "Journey's End".  Every experienced director turned it down, so I offered myself, bullying and begging for the job.  "Journey's End" made the careers of everyone associated with it.  It was only a matter of time until Hollywood beckoned.
Of course.  I attended Eton -- it wouldn't do for a master's son to attend where his father taught.  I was to go up to Oxford but the war broke out and I never made it.  The Great War, you know.  You had a Good War, but we had a great one.
Your father was a schoolmaster?
Yes?
I was born outside London, the only son of a minister who was a master at Harrow.  Grandfather was a bishop.  Church of...Church of Eng...
Everything.  Start at the beginning.
So, Mr. Kay?  What do you want to know?
Nice.  And your lighting and camera angles.  You're got to go back to German silent movies to find anything like it.
This is the studio where I paint.
After you then.
Sure.
Will that be good for you, Mr. Kay?
Is it now?  Hanna?  I think we'll take our tea down by the swimming pool.
That's my favorite line in my favorite movie of yours.  "Bride of Frankenstein."
I know.  People's movies aren't their lives.
One likes to live simply.
And this is your house.  Wow.  The house of Frankenstein.  I thought you'd live in a spooky old mansion or villa.
No.  I expect you can't.
Mr. Whale, this is such an honor. You're one of my favorite all-time directors.  I can't believe I'm meeting you.
I am such a goose.  I mistook you for Cecil Beaton.  It's the hat. You're wearing one of Cecil's hats, you know.
Ma'am, the pleasure is all mine.  James Whale.
Oh dear.  Have I made a blunder?
I've changed my hair, you see. Since our last session.  Those old snaps look rather dowdy now.
Sit?
Can we get together while I'm in town?  I so badly want to sit for you again.
Splendid.  Now that I know you're around.
Fine.  Quite fine.  And Your Royal Highness?
How are you?
Point-five ...
Ding Dong The Witch Is Dead, right?
Are you crazy? You throw down with The Carpenter? You got a grudge against your life?
My version of "take this job and shove it..."
Jesus, man ... What'd you do?
Yeah Tell him to lay off Kip and them Tell him it's on
Yeah -- ?
How they were just there ... Waiting on us ... The fix was definitely in ...
Me, too. Every time I walk...
I think about that night a lot...
No, but you dress like an asshole ...
Speak for yourself, boss I don't have a Hollandaise sauce
I do ...  Christ, what happened to us ?
You have a Hollandaise sauce ?
I do a poaching number. Six-ounce fillets in a saucepan of brine. In 8 minutes, I could cater a goddamn wedding. Plain but flavorful. And it's a good way to show off my Hollandaise sauce ...
Also, never underestimate the restorative powers of "Karaoke."
And they still have the lowest rate of cancer of anywhere in the world. You know why? All they eat is seafood.
Fish.
We can learn something from our Asian friends. They smoke a thousand cigarettes a day; they're completely stressed and overworked; they drink like, well ...
What's with the fish thing -- ?
The business has changed...
Jesus ...
Car-jacker. Neglected to clean up after himself ...
Who do you think?
Who was the job for?
The point is: Kip's been living the life. Only he's a wild child. Crazy. Makes our old behavior seem like altar boy time. But he fungold this one so bad, folks around L.B. are already speakin' about him in the past tense.
Don't feel the need to explore my family dynamics, Atley...
Maybe she don't know. Although I don't see how that could be. Maybe she didn't want to upset you -
It seems she neglected to mention it
A boost? What's Kip doing on a boost?
A boost. A big boost ...
What kind of job... ?
He took a job. And he fumbled it. Now he's jammed-up. Jammed-up bad...
Tell me about Kip -
Six years. Shit. Time flies, don't it? Six years ago we were fartin' through Armani and pissin' Cristal. Now look at us ...
Six years ...
It's been a long time, Memphis --
About your brother. And the deeeep shit he's in --
What about?
Is there someplace we can talk?
What are you doing here?
Only hurts when I breathe. Lookit you. Where are Barney Fife and Aunt Bea hanging out? And Opie ... Where's Opie at?
How's the leg?
Fifty cars. Fifty cars by 8 AM Friday. Or Kip goes in that box. That was the deal ... Goddamn, it ... That was the deal ...
You got no choice. It's over.
Look at it. I can't very well make delivery of that thing ...
What do you mean -- ?
Well, that certainly won't do.
I don't know about that, Randall. He did such a good job on this paper. And another one just came in ...
Well, now, he's clear. And you'll stay away from him...
But I had to. It was the only way to get to you --
You should never have gotten my brother and his friends involved ...
Right there -
This is number 50. We did it. It's over Where's the money ?
Well, well. You've caused quite a ruckus ...
I hope you know what you're doing. God help you if you don't ...
Get out --
One more night --
Get out of here, Ray --
Look at this. A multi-generational gathering of scumbags ...
Everyone know Ray Calitri? Pillar of the community ...
This is how you're spending my time? Having a sock hop?
"don't want" the Dodgers to lose or the summer to end. But we don't get to choose these things...
I don't want them hurt. Any of 'em...
And if he doesn't make it -- ?
Your brother has four days. Fifty cars. Five-zero. For that he gets 200 large ...
Sound it out for me.
I knew you'd say that, too --
I'm just here about my brother.
I knew you'd say that.
I'm not interested --
They gave me two weeks. I wasted most of it with your brother and his crew, who not only lost what pitiful few they managed to boost, but also alerted the heat as to our endeavor, making this even more difficult to achieve ...
They gave you only four days?
Were it only that easy. I have obligations. The order needs to be filled...
I can come up with the front money. Pay you back...
Grow up. You don't kill people like me. People like me die in their sleep at 87 ... Do you know why? Because if you did kill me, and everyone knew it was you - for the next ten years they'd be finding pieces of those you love scattered all over California ...
I could kill you. That occurred to me. When I first heard about this. That I would kill you ...
My point. Yes. Simple, really. I require the best. I insist on the best. I only engage the best.  Your brother. His friends. They came to me. They wanted my paper. He was your brother. You were the best. Now. They've brought so much goddamn heat down, I may not be able to fill this order. Which would be very bad for me. Which in turn, is very bad for them...
I don't want him hurt...
Now. Where were we? Oh, yes. Kip.
Yes ... Kip ...
It's about my brother ... Kip...
How ya doing?
Randall Raines ... It's been a long time ...  frowns) 'though I do I recall you as a man with style. You remember your old friend, Atley -- ?
You spend enough time down a man's throat, you get to know his tonsils. Do it ...
What for?
Let's get out there. And have them run down every 167 Shelby Mustang in the area ... Find out where they're at.
He'll live. But it means your boy's behind it. Astricky was holding a list. They just faxed it to us...
How is he?
They just brought in Donny Astricky. Shot by a jacker ...
By the time you get out, asshole, there won't even be cars. We'll all be cruisin' around in space ships ...
Good. Cos you know how it plays. Six years ago, I let you go free. But the next time ... The next time sends you away for'a long, long while ...
You betcha --
Double-meaning intended --
I'll catch you later, Randall --
Consider me gone, Detective --
I want you gone, Randall. Settle your affairs. Make it right with those you love. Hell, take 'em with you. But I want you out of here. Out of here for good this time ...
You know my back.
I know you.
Honestly? I want to - once every few months - get into my car. Pack a lunch. And drive on up to Chino. On visiting day. Bring you some magazines. Maybe some almond clusters. And see you all bright and shiny in your orange jumpsuit. That's what I want ...
What do you want from me?
Yet your still here ... I gave you 24 hours, 24 hours ago ...
Not my girl anymore
Your girl works in there ...
I'm on the move -
I don't think so, Detective ...
It's funny. There's probably been five more cars stolen in the time I've been here ...
Something like that -
You're thinking: okay, there's no want ... But they probably stripped its guts and crated 'em up, right ... ?
Stopped by to see Otto. Say hello.
What are you still doing here, Randall?
You know my back.
I know you.
I don't know. But you shouldn't be here. Take care of your business. I'll give you 24 hours. And then I don't want to see your face. Ever again. Make a fool of me once, that's my bad. Make a fool of me twice. That's really my bad, and I'll kick your ass from here to India ...
And this has what to do with me?
Yes, Kip. Short for Kipling. Named for the English writer of stories about India ... He bites into his pear ... Memphis says nothing, waits ...
Kip.
Or your baby brother. What was his name?
No...
I hope it's not your dear sweet mother...
A little family emergency --
I remember us having made some kind of deal, Randall. I don't remember this deal having some kind of time-limit. I look at you - here - in my town - and I'm confused...
You know my back.
I know you.
Get out of here, then. Now.
You have my word...
I don't golf...
You don't have anything on me. A misdee auto-theft. I got no record. I'll be out in three days, and back at it. Or you let them go, and I give you my word. I'm gone. And without the ringleader ... Your tee-times have just grown exponentially...
You'll leave -- ?
Let them go. And I'll leave ...
How's that?
Let them go --
Leg's all banged-up. He made a stupid play ... He'll limp around the yard up at Folsom. But Astricky will be there to take care of him. With their priors, they're looking at a serious bounce --
How's Atley -- ?
You want to come along quiet?
You know my back -
I know you --
Right ...
Double-meaning intended, right?
Okay, then. I'll catch you later, Randall ...
Sure. But sometimes we got to create some numbers. The task force is run by statistics, you know ...
No faith in our new-found goodness, Detective ...?
Needs brightening ...
What's wrong with it -- ?
Cadillac.
What's this -- ?
Castlebeck.
Who is it -- ?
Not at all ...
You seem a little hinked-up ...
Just out there. Roaming around. Building up my collection of refrigerator magnets ...
Where you been, anyway?
No particular reason. Catch a Laker game. I heard we got Shaquille ...
What for?
The other day....
When'd you get to town, Raines?
Lazy ... Lazy ... I ask you, Freb: what's the matter with kids today?
C'mon, Donny... Let's go, man --
Donny-nothin'!
Donny --
No. The needy. Us. Cos we need this car!
You mean the poor --
Of course not. I'm Robin Hood. I take from the rich, and give to the needy...
You ever feel bad about any of this?
We're partners here --
C'mon, man ...
So? Tell me: how come they call you "Freb" anyways -- ?
Yeah?
It's all microchips and shit ...
What's the matter?
That's an after-market alarm. Can't just cut her wires ...
Yeah.
Very good. Think you can get in without waking her up -- ?
Diane 1.
Good.
Got it ...
It's the same way with cars. Different cars. Different tunes. You can't steal a Maserati listening to Sinatra. You gotta get urgent. You gotta get Sonny Rollins or Led Zeppelin IV, on that shit. But never, never-ever take no Allman Brothers into a Lincoln Town Car. Could lead to disaster. Got it... ?
okay ...
You got a school teacher or Nancy from accounting, you don't put on Sly Stone or James Brown. You put on Ravel. Rachmaninoff. But if you got some wild one you just picked up at the track, you wouldn't put on Cat Stevens or James Taylor. You'd put on Prince. Or Isaac Hayes. Or, if you really wanted to get after it: Miles.
I guess ...
What's that?
You'll get the hang of it, kid. You just need to remember one thing -
It just ain't happening --
Well, that defies the point, don't it?
Keys were in it ...
How'd it go?
Jonathan Quayle Higgins ...
No. That was Higgins ....
Gray.
What color?
Peugot convertible ...
For real. Okay. Gimme COLUMBO...
Freb can order pizzas like nobody's business
What about him?
Hell, yeah. Mirror Man here is our electronics expert. He's got some gadgets you old farts maybe never -heard of; Tumbler can drive anything with wheels, and some things without; Toby's a hacker, can do things with a computer, that are pretty amazing ...
You guys have any skills at all?
Hey, Donny --
Lookit Kip. All grown up...
Okay, okay. The important thing to remember, is to Think Slow. Take your time. It may not seem like it, but the night is long. Long enough. Just think slow and think smart...
I miss Orville Redenbacher already --
It's arright ...
How's it going -- ?
And there she is --
Eleanor is Memphis' "unicorn."
I know. Weird, huh -- ?
Wow! They got Eleanor here -- ?
We'll have to start beating the bushes, find out where they live...
That's right. Only 10 exotics ...
Most of 'em are late-model...
Okay. Figure it forgotten. What's this about anyways -- ?
Forget that ...
You know where the others are?
All I get are the Orientals. They can build 'em, but they can't drive 'em So? What are you doing here? What's with the outfit -- ?
How you doing, man?
Damn. Memphis Raines. Long time ...
I think so too --
That's a good one, Donny...
Walked like a bastard... Skippin' stones and shit..
That's being obscurest ... Who else? Better known. Memphis?
Yes, I do, in fact. John Wayne in McO...
one minute -- !
Jesus. The whole damn thing's loaded.
We've got several Italian cars on the list. Always tricky, always timeconsuming. So we're gonna need a specialist ...
There's no one left ...
We're on a truncated time-table. Take a day to shop it; a day to prep it ... And we're still going to need to expand the crew...
Yeah...
Dignity...
A bunch of strung-out hypes and stick- up men. This ain't like the old days, Memphis. The profession has lost its..
Thanks for playing, Freb. That's a gimme ...
Okay, okay. What about MAGNUM P.I.?
Remember who my brother is?
How you know that?
We don't -- ?
That can't be it. Cos we don't need saving
It ain't what you'd call a "good sign"
What does that mean -- ?
No ... And they won't take my calls ...
Any word, Kip -- ?
Pop the trunk. I need my tool ...
How are we supposed to--
He didn't mess up. There it is ...
The corner of Hawthorne and Granvia. Tumbler messed up. He said the Lotus would be at the corner of Hawthorne and Granvia --
We do it. He'll get clear Once and for all
I know...
You remember that, Kip?
I remember. Supper getting cold, cos you two are out there heads under hoods ...
Mother -- !
And just in case you lose your keys, good sir, I can toss in a complimentary slim-jim, free of charge ...
Kip and I'd probably be working at the dealership...  Imagine us selling cars?
Every day. I wonder about that every day...
You ever wonder what things'd be like if he hadn't died?
Tuesdays ...
What time of year?
The photo album. I get nostalgic around this time of year ...
Kipling was sixteen when you left, baby. I don't know what you remember of him. But you should brace yourself
He doesn't return my calls. or my letters ...
Of course ...
You getting my checks ... ?
I knew it. He's changed, Randall. He's a different boy. He's lost that... That sweetness ... It's gone ... And I don't know what to do ...
He's in some trouble ...
I couldn't. I didn't want you to worry. I thought held sort himself out. I hardly see him. He comes and goes. He's in trouble, isn't he?
Why didn't you tell me?
Atley Jackson. How is that one? How's the leg... ?
Atley Jackson came to see me ...
oh.
No.
Have you seen him?
How's Kip?
What are you doing back?
You, too, Ma...
You look good...
You've been pre-booked...
Okay, then ... I just go to the Marriott and I'm set ...
Yes, sir -
Breakfast brunch -- ?
I know, sir ...
Oh, for God's sake
okay, sir. Let me just get the-order. Yes. We'll be doing some work out your way. We've got a power leak. And it's unsafe. We're moving residences to the... Marriott Long Beach ... Just for the night ...
NO! No, I can't! I'm a busy man.
Yes. can you hold, sir -- ?
I got a message. I live at 1443 Locklin.
D.W.P. Thanks for holding. How can I help you?
We'll take it.
It's ear-marked for Mirror Man and The Sphinx...
We'll take it...
"Carol." A 198 Mercedes ... She lives in the suburbs ...
Whatcha got left ... ?
You guys are through...
Any more, O -- ?
Just hold on... Hold on ...
Jesus, Kip ... I'm shot, man ...
What am I supposed to do?
No...
I dunno ...
Any more ...
Don't go there, Toby --
It looks just like a regular Mustang --
Damn crooks is everywhere --
I dunno. It was right here. Someone musta' boosted it back...
You boosted a 'Vette? Then where is it?
Hell, no. I boosted a 'Vette.
How'd you get here? Your Moms give you ride -- ?
Sure -
Yeah... You want a ride...
You goin' home?
I'm cool -
What do you say, Toby?,
Hey, Kip, what's up?
Thought I'd go for a ride -
Where you off to -- ?
Shocking, huh? We're clear now. It's done. I've never actually paid for a car. I want to see what it feels like
You want me to buy her?
She's for sale. They're asking forty thousand. Give 'em sixty ...
Sure, man --
You remember where you got this Eleanor -- ?
I dunno ... I keep thinking about him.
You okay -- ?
Move over ...
Hell, yeah. She's not my unicorn.
You boost her -- ?
Ya gotta keep tabs on your "Eleanors", Memphis. Cos you never know when you're gonna need one --
Where'd you find this one?
I saw her get smashed-up on the TV. Knew there was no way he was gonna accept her ...
What are you doing here?
Toby...
I know ...
Toby...
I know. I've missed you, too
I've missed you, man ...
Come here -
What?
Come here -
What?
Come here --
I don't know. What -- ?
What did I tell you? What? What did I tell you?
That's a good attitude, Kip. For everything but stealing cars ...
I dunno. Whatever will be will be...
That's strange. I'm nervous. Donny's nervous. Everyone's nervous. But not you...
Nah.
Too early to tell. Nervous?
I'm cool.
You okay -- ?
Hell, yeah... It's a beautiful business ...  I mean, no, man, it's hard, it's scary, it sucks ...
Having fun, Kip?
It's for assholes. The Legal Buck blows, Memphis.  You know that. Doing this, we make mad bank, my boys are down, the girlies come around and the boosts are a breeze. Yeah, sure, you're gonna get jacked-up every now and then - but ain't that a small price to pay for never, never-ever, having to say "paper or plastic?"
What about just getting a job, 9 to 5, five days a week, that whole mystery achievement -- ?
Price of doing business...
As opposed to now, Kid Car Crusher?
The era when crime didn't pay --
What era was that -- ?
Maybe not. But Dad was from another era...
Dad'd be proud --
The family that steals together, deals together...
Ain't we good-timing here ... ?
De nada ...
Thank-you ...
After a while, it became a little pathetic ... Figured I'd put you out of your misery ...
How long were you gonna let me try and stop it...?
Reads the infrared. Then kills it. Little something the R & D department came up with ...
You spread it out, by the 2nd night, the heat are onto you. Know something's up. With a one-night boost, by the time all the cars are reported stolen, your ship's set sail.
Shadow games ...
"Shadow games?"
You spread it out ... you move around... So's they can't touch you... so's they don't know... Shadow games and shit ...
I hear ya. Get me outta this. I'll move to the country. Open a fruit stand...
You hear me?
I like how you wallop back in here - after four years - and can still get all Clifford Huxtable on my shit ...
We do this. Then. You're finished. Then. You're clean
Otto called -
What are you doing here?
Not really ... But you know... Maybe I'm wrong ...
You don't think so, huh?
Me...
You?
Me.
You?
I can handle it --
You can handle it?
I can handle it --
You can handle it?
I can handle it --
He's gonna kill you -- !
Hey, now -
"Over--"  You know - I can maybe understand, since I been gone, you taking up this dumb-ass life of crime, and for that I can partly blame myself. But what is baffling to me, is how, since I been gone, you've become a complete and total moron--
C'mon, man... My "demise..."  Overreaction
You just got crushed in a car. You're bleeding all over your self. And you sit there - eating olives and talking basketball, as if, at this very moment, people weren't plotting your demise ...
What?
What happened to you?
I can see that -
About Calitri? No worries, man. I'll call him. He's a reasonable dude ...
"About what?"
About what?
So what are you gonna do?
Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm thinking --
There's certainly a time and a place for a mellow olive -
What do you got ... ?
Hey, you want something to eat ?
Okay --
Nah. It's a scratch.
Yeah --
You're kind of cultivating a new look.
Something like that -
I heard you were pumping gas -
Yeah -
Cool. So you're living up North?
Yeah, man. Where is your beer?
You sure you're okay -- ?
Sure --
Totally. I'm fine. You want a beer, man -- ?
You okay -- ?
Easy ... Take it easy ... We're almost there...
All my enemies own car crushers. It's like a pre-requisite ... Owwww...
Oh. You maybe have more than one enemy who owns a car-crusher -- ?
This has nothing to do with any of that --
Just hold-on there --
I think so. There's things I can't feel right now. Like my feet. But ... You think you can get me outta this, Memphis? I'd appreciate it -
You all right -- ?
Yeah ...
Kip -- ?
You, too
It's good to see ya, man. You changed your look -
Hello, Memphis --
Hey, Kip ...
We can't do that, dude --
Hospital.
What are we gonna do -- ?
Run it...
Shit ...
Now, we go -
Now what -- ?
I gotta get my tool --
What for -- ?
Pop the trunk, Tumbler.
Things are all leafy and suburban ...
But don't worry, man. Things are all sweetness and light here...
No problem -
Thirteen down ... Thirty-seven to go ...
DO IT! NOW -- !
Call 'em here -- ?
Call 911 -
It's going fine. The Quiet Riot and me are swapping trade secrets ...
How's it going?
For real?
Jim Rockford. ROCKFORD FILES.
We're going shopping -- !
Where we going -- ?
Okay. We're all here. Today's Wednesday. D-Day is Friday night ... That gives us two days to prep ... We're going to find the ladies on our list, find out where they live, when they're home; that they're properly insured ... Let's get into the vans --
Hey, now, Memphis... C'mon, man -
Take it back, Freb --
Yeah. He's knows of one all right.
You know of one -- ?
Hell, yeah. Ten larger man
He give you an advance -- ?
Bench seats.
What's that?
She does have one thing you don't.
Nothing. Just that if I was less secure, I might think you were more into Eleanor than you are me...
What -- ?
Oh, yeah. For real, point-five.
This time it's for real?
I dunno. I know a place.
I can't. I got a back load of repairs and one of the mechanics called in sick and I haven't slept and--  Where to -- ?
Seeing if you wanted to go for a ride?
What are you doing... ?
Yeah ... You -- ?
You okay -- ?
Kip's not clear yet. We got one more to go --
Where to -- ?
They got him to the hospital. He's stable ...
How is he -- ?
Donny got shot ... A jacker ...
And Tracy's on the move ...
You're still quite the boost, Randall Raines ...  Except now I've been chopped, and my parts are in a Honda Prelude being driven to church in South America by some Bolivian consulate's wife ...
I've got you floored... We're off ... Take the curb... Man, can you corner... Know not to get on it ... Momentum shift ... Don't get on those brakes too hard ... Get her up on her tires. Up on her toes. Up ... Up... Up.
No worries ...
Let me worry about The Club ...
What about The Club ... ?
Hear you roar ...
Wrong preposition...
With a twist of my wrist ... You're turned over ...
I bet you say that to all the girls...
I ratchet your ignition mechanism ...
Of course you are. You're a professional...
Now... I'm in ...
Cut 'em...
I do ... I cut "em...
They're factory alarms ... Easy to get around... For a man with... Skills...
I pop your hood; find your siren wires
Woo-woo-wooooo!
The alarms go off ...
"Unlock my button" ... ?
Unlock your button ...
You're going high-cheese, dude --
Slip it in ...
Oh, God...
I take out my slim-jim...
Stop. What about Maserati Boy?
Shhh... Car thieves are your weakness.
Arright ... Enough ... I can't have you bellying up to my heart again, man, f you can't help falling off the stool. But he puts his mouth to her ears ...
I know. But let's prep 'em. We could stay here all night... That wouldn't be good --
I think so... They're just... So ...
C'mon, gang. Let's focus. Sway, can you prep 'em -- ?
Her parole officer strongly recommended it ...
She was so great, why'd you leave her?
No. I had a girl. She was great. The problem is: great girls come along once every ten years. So I gotta wait another three years before I can even bother to look...
So, you seeing anybody?
Deodorant.
Gosh, no. Lipstick? What next? Mascara, blush, floral-print dresses?
A little trick I picked up at the Car Thief Retirement Home ...
What the hell's that -- ?
No. Open her ...
No whistles, but a Club You bring a hack -- ?
Oh, yeah.
Ready -- ?
Oh. Okay. Right.
Don't go getting all warm and fuzzy on me, Randall. I'm the jane that was left, and you're the jim that did the leaving. So save the sanctimonious shit for someone who believes. The only reason I ride with you, is cause I don't want to spend the whole night with any of them other creeps!
No ...
No ... ?
No way ...
Cos there were those dark days, when I figured - my God, how easy it was for him to just give it up; to make the deal; take the rot for the whole crew ... And give me up in the process.
Very good...
We were good when you bailed, weren't we?
I always thought you'd follow me up.
You mentioned that in your letters
Okay.
That's what I want ...
That what you want?
I go with you --
I put the boys on it. They're clever that way...
She's trouble --
Yeah, well ... She lives with District Court Judge Seymour Croft ...
They only made a handful. We're lucky there's even one living in the area...
She was the only "Annie" you could find?
Right. Great car. One of a kind. I was looking forward to that boost myself
The right side of the engine is running richer than the left. And the scope isn't showing shit... I dunno...
What's wrong with her -- ?
Hey.
Hey -
That's Mirror Man ... And that's Freb ... And Tumbler ... And Toby ... Fellas, this is Sara Wayland... They call her "Sway."
If you change your mind. We're at Otto's. It's 50 ladies in 24 hours. For The Carpenter. 200 K and Kip's life on the felt. So long now ...
What the hell are you doing -- ?
I understand -
I'm not doing it anymore. Haven't for a while. I've carved out something for myself. It's pathetic, but it's mine ...
Six or seven...
And you got some Italians -- ?
Kip took a job. Fifty ladies in two weeks. Only the two weeks have turned into four days. And not a single lady has been snared.
What kind of trouble -- ?
Kip's in trouble
Yes. But I got a feeling it's not on account of any longing-for-my-touch on your part -
And here I am...
A distinction worth noting ...
I left town. I didn't leave you.
No can do. Life goes on, pointfive ... You left me, remember?
I've taken the spear for a lot of people, Sway. Including you. Can't we improvise a little here ... ?
On account of me.
On account of Mitch?
No. You were replaced by Alex. Who was replaced by Kevin. Who was replaced by Vince. Who was replaced by Mitch...
So I was replaced by Mitch?
Mitch.
"Mitch?"
Nope. I got a coffee. And a boyfriend.
Buy you a drink?
Hell, yeah. I'm not getting rich in here ...
You still wrenching at Bacchiochi's?
You look like you lost your sheep ...
The hip, cool, sexy thing was getting old...
What's with the look?
What are you doing here?
See you're still stealing the sailors from the sea --
I'll see you soon --
Dinosaurs. All of us. The Ice Age is now...
She left...
What happened to Sway?
He's gonna be okay. Could do a bit.
Split it up. Any word on Donny?
Ten points for our fearless leader ... Sway, how 'bout giving us the honor of the Bill Bixby trifecta -- ?
Robin was Robin Masters. He owned the estate they lived on ...
Anyone? The significance of "Robin 1" on Magnum's license plate? Memphis?
In order to succeed, you're going to have to go old-school. one night boost. Put all your nuts in one basket. And...
Okay, then... Otto?
The conundrum still applies, of course. The purpose of the endeavor is to rescue baby brother from imminent death and/or a life of crime. However. This cannot be successfully carried out without baby brother's considerable resources, shabby though they may be.
His criminal career has officially come to a close ...
I appreciate your dilemma, Memphis. But how are two washed-up thieves and an old man supposed to boost 50 cars in three days...
No we don't -
You need him...
If we put out the word. That we're crewing-up, for a one-time-only job... What do you think that'll yield?
Some crew you got ...
Go to them. They'll be happy to see you ... Ahhh...
And the moral of that story is -- ?
I remember I had a 1964 Buick Opal. worst car ever built. Value job. Everything broke and I-fixed it. A coma car - built to German specs. Plastic gas line. 3 speedometer head. On a quiet night, you could hear it rusting in the garage. But when that car was gone, I missed it. If it came driving back in here right now, there'd be tears and laughter ...
I Just don't know how happy they'll be to see me
The old crew. Go find them. I can't help you with that. Since I've cleaned up the act a bit, they no longer come around... A pity how legitimacy makes you unpopular -
Is he still working here ?
"A people is a detour of nature to get 6 or 7 great men - Yes, and then to get around them..." Nietzsche said that.
The hard part ...
It can be done. Take two days to shop; one to prep. I'll offer up my bible for a small fee. You also have to hope Kip's jerk-circus didn't undo Castlebeck's linkage so much so that he's setting up surveillance teams on every city block. And then get yourself a crew...
Tell me...
Are you considering a comeback tour?
You think it can be done?
He's gotten involved --
I heard rumors you were back. About Kip ...
What happened? Old-age happened. I tired of killing them. I woke up one morning and thought I am no longer a destroyer. I am a means of resurrection. Now. We restore. We revive. There are so few things in this life, we can prevent from decay. Most must die. These don't have to...
The chop-shop... Where are the stripped cars?  The rolled-back odometers? The part bins?
Whatever do you mean?
Of course. Hi, Junie --
You remember Junie?
Hello, Otto ...
Am I dying? Are all the angels of my life returning to bid a final farewell?  And have my angels completely lost their fashion sense -- ?
No ... No... No ... Tell me what's gonna happen? Kip? Tell me. What's gonna happen?
You're gonna be okay, Toby... You are ... We'll getcha fixed up...
You sure I can't go with ya?
Okay. All our ladies should be home now, tucked in bed. Let's keep chilly. Think Slow. Any questions?
Come on. Kip, talk to the guy
Because you should be home with Nintendo, listening to The Spice Girls, little man ...
How come ... ?
You'll be at the docks ... Keeping Otto abreast of our progress ...
What about me?
I can tell you who's gonna be on duty tonight. I can tell you how much gas they're using monthly. I can tell you how they used to spend that annoying half-hour between "FRIENDS" and "SEINFELD"...
So what's in there -- ?
I logged outside the G.R.A.B. site, right? Then I monitored their incoming outside data requests, right? Then I got these ISDN numbers, right? Then I tracked them back, right? Then I took the one I could jack-up the easiest, right? Then I called back see, they think I'm an insurance company - that's where it looks like I'm coming from -- and they're sharing stats with this insurance company, right? So now they're sharing it with me, right? They think I'm looking for stats for an actuarial conference on auto-theft. So they let me in, right? Give me all these numbers. But then I don't leave, right? I'm in. I've got the key. Now I just go anywhere I want.
She soars -
So she flies -
She's not. Carroll Shelby tweaked the Mustang's High-Performance 289 engine and got it legally rated for the street at 450 horsepower ... But its actual output is closer to 600 ...
All the vehicles get code names. Female names. You say "Eleanor lives at such and such... " and no one listening on the waves is the wiser ...
Why do you call it "Eleanor?"
The 167 Mustang Shelby Mustang GT-500.
Who's "Eleanor?"
This Eleanor's been living at the International Towers for 3 years now.
Sixteen. But my birthday's in seven months ...
How old are you now, Toby?
Yeah, I'm cool ...
Sure. Hey, Toby. You grew up
Hey, Memphis. Remember me? Toby Walker. I live next door ...
Excuse me --
Uh ... Randall -- ?
Right. You want to test the voltage drop ... Use the voltmeter ... Remove the primary lead from the ignitioncoil and crank her ... See what you got ... You understand -- ?
Not --
You have any other answers besides "not really"?
Not really --
There's excessive resistance in the cranking circuit ... You know what you gotta do -- ?
Not really -
You know what you got here?
Shit all looks the same here --
Which way's out, man -- ?
Checkin' it out
What are you doing here, assface?
Oooh, ain't you the lucky duck --
I known Kip longing than you, man ...
Why don't you leave him alone?
Why you gotta front me like that? I'm talking to Kip --
What do you want, shithead?
No. Come on. It was the younger one that was the bad one.
But he was always a bad kid, that one.
The oldest one.  He was in an argument. A lousy ten-dollar card game. The kid pulls out a gun. It goes off. The kid gets killed. The grandmother hears it and finds out he's been arrested. She has a heart attack.  She drops dead right on the spot. Now Jeannie's got a husband and son in jail and a mother in the funeral parlor.
What? What happened?
Look at Jeannie's kid.
You think I don't know? You think I like to keep this inside? But I gotta, or he'll kill the miserable bastard and he'll be there for life. It's disgusting what you have to put up with.
Come ooonnn. Tommeeee. We're only kidding. You can't take a joke? Come ooonn.
No more shines, Billy.
You remember Tommy's shines? The kid was great.  He made mirrors.
Busting his balls?  If I was busting your balls, I'd send you home for your shine box.
Don't go busting my balls. Okay?
Listen to him.  "Watch the suit," he says.  A little pisser I've known all my life.  Hey, Tommy, don't go get too big.
Hey, Billy. Watch the suit.
Son of a bitch. Get over here.
Billy, how are you?
Hey, look at him. Tommy. You grew up.
Thirty-two hundred bucks. That's what he gave me. Thirty-two hundred bucks for a lifetime. It wouldn't have paid for the coffin.
Here. Take it.  Now I gotta turn my back on you.
You treated me like shit.
Paulie.  You're all I got.  I need help.
Paulie, I couldn't come to you. I didn't want to put you in this shit.  I was ashamed to come to you. I knew I was wrong.
You thought I was some fucking jerk?
But, Paulie, I'm sorry. Believe me.  I was fucking crazy.  But I'm okay now. I can be trusted.  I'm clean now. On my children. Believe me! Two weeks cold turkey waiting for bail got my head together...
Right in my face. You looked in my face and you lied.
It was easy money. I did it in the can.  Shit! I learned the junk business in the can, Paulie.
You think I didn't know what you were doing?
I've been all fucked up since I got out.
I warned you a million times.
I understand.
Anybody!  You understand?
Nods again.
And, if you hear about anybody else fucking around with that shit, you tell me.
Nods.
You're only home early because we got you a job, right? And I don't need any heat. You understand?
Paulie. Why would I? I swear.
I'm not going to get fucked like Gribbs. He's seventy years old and the fucking guy is going to die in prison.  I don't need that. I don't care who it is. I'm warning everybody. Gribbs got twenty years just because he said hello to some fuck who was sneaking around selling junk behind his back. That's not going to happen to me.  You understand?
Why would I get into that?
I know what you did inside. You did what you had to do. I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking from now on, outside. I'm talking right here.
Me? Why would I get into that shit?
Just stay away from the garbage. Yon know what I mean.
Wha?  Me?
I don't want any more of that Shit.
Oh I Him.
No. The other one. The one who disappeared up the block from Christie. The one they made a beef on.
The guy from near where Christie used to live?
No. No. The guy from downtown.
What thing? The Brooklyn thing?
What did you hear about that thing?
What?
Tell him. It's okay.
Yeah. What about the kids' school?
What about the schools?
I got scared.
Okay. Don't worry about it. It's okay.
I got seared.
What happened? You okay?
Oh no! No!  Noooo!
Shit You know they would have never found it. Why did you do it? Why did you do it? My God, why did you have to do it?
They had a warrant. They went through everything. They would have found it. I swear.
Are you fucking nuts? That was forty, fifty thousand.  I need it. I was depending on that money.
What did you want me to do with it? They were all over the house.
You what?
I flushed it down the toilet.
You know. The stuff I left.
What are you talking about?
Where's the stuff?
So now my plan was to stay alive long enough to sell off the dope that the cops never found and disappear for a while until I got things straightened out.
Just get me out.
Who's gonna do that?
Safe? Here? They'll kill me here. They're all afraid I'm gonna rat them out. People are already looking to walk away from me. I'm dead in here. You gotta get me out.
Then you're safer in here.
Fuck Jimmy and the money. Didn't I tell you I gotta get out of here first.  I gotta straighten every- thing out with Paulie or I'm dead.
I told Jimmy the cops took our cars and froze our bank accounts and he offered to get me some money. Be wants to know what's happening. You gotta meet him.
Paul will calm down. You'll see.
At least Jimmy and Mickey want to help. I talk to Mickey every day. That's more than I can say for the rest.
What did he say, exactly?
Jimmy's calling every day. It's urgent.
Hello!  Hello!  Have a good flight?
She's beautiful.  Look at her. Henry, look at her.
I had everybody working.  Even our old babysitter.
Don't worry about it. You listening to me? Now, come on. We gotta go see Paulie.
But you've got to see your parole officer in the afternoon and  I promised we'd take Judy to F.A.O. Schwarz.
Don't worry with what. You just start looking for a new place. I'm going to Pittsburgh in the morning. The guys from Pittsburgh they owe me fifteen grand from our little partnership and it's only the beginning.
With what?
Get packed.  We're getting out of here.
Never.
I don't want to hear about her anymore.
Don't worry about Paulie. Is he helping you? Is he putting food on the table? We've got to help ourselves. We just have to be careful while we do it.
I'm afraid. I'm afraid if Paulie finds out.
Yes, you can. I've got it set up. We'll be fine. All I need is for you to keep bringing the stuff. I've got a guy in here from Pittsburgh who'll move it for me. Believe me, in a month we'll be fine. We won't need anybody.
I can't do it anymore.
It's only you and me. That's what happens when you go away. We're on our own. Forget everybody.  Forget Paulie.  As long as he's on parole he doesn't want anybody doing anything.
Even Paulie, since he got out, I hardly see him.
We've got to help each other.
He told me to take the kids to the police station and make the cops put me on welfare.
It'll be okay.
Nobody's helping me. Tommy got four years. Marty and Fran are broke.  I asked your friend Remo for the money he owed you, and you know what he told me?
Let her carry this shit inside.
Stop! Stop!
What am I doing? I'm in here! I'm in jail. I can't stop people from coming to see me.
You want her to visit you?  Good! Let her stay up all night crying and writing letters to the parole board.
Jezuz Christ!
Don't lie to me. I saw her name in the register.
What are you talking about?
You son of a bitch. She's been here.
Shit.
I've been all over town. I got a call from the bondman.  He says they're going to rescind your bail if you don't show up and sign in right now. They're going to take away the house.
I'm just having my last few drinks.
I thought you were supposed to turn yourself in at ten o'clock this morning?
Son of a bitch.
The truth was, that no matter how bad I felt, I was still very attracted to him. Why should I give him up to someone else? Why should she win?
It's all bullshit. I swear. It's nothing. Whatever you want, we'll do.
What's the matter with you?  You're crazy.
Henry.  Wake up.
That again.
I don't care. Something's going on.
How much?
I'm gonna need some money.
Are you nuts?  Jeannie's husband went to the can just to get away from her, she's such a pain in the ass. Let me tell you. Nobody goes to jail unless they want to, unless they make themselves get caught. They do stuff with the wrong people. They don't have things organized. You know who goes to jail? Nigger stickup men. That's who. And they only get caught because they fall asleep in the getaway car.
I Don't know. I don't know if I could live that way. What if, God forbid, you go to prison. Mickey said Jeannie's husband --
Oh that. Don't worry about that. Nobody's gonna steal it.
The bag with the envelopes.
What bag?
My bag. My bag.
Get inside!
What are you gonna do?
Go inside. I'll be right there.
They don't feel like you're in construction.
I'm in construction.
What do you do?
He watches it for me. It's better than waiting at a garage.
What're you doing? What about the car?
I thought you were going to stand me up. You looked bored. You didn't say anything. What did you expect. Tommy was all over me. Right?
Talk? To you? After what you did!
She's screaming on the street and I mean loud, but she looked good. She had these violet eyes.  I remember she's screaming, but mostly I'm looking at her eyes. They were just like Elizabeth Taylor's. That's what everybody said.
Take it easy.  We can talk about it.
Liar!
I didn't know, I swear.  I thought it was next week.
I couldn't wait to get away. I was ordering the dessert when they were eating dinner. When they were having coffee, I was asking for a check.
Have more coffee.  It'll wake you up.
I had a meeting with Tuddy around eleven o'clock and here I am a back-up guy.
I want you and Anthony to go down there and take care of that bastard. Without him, they've got no case.
Yeah.
He's hiding, thE son of a bitch, in Florida.
Yeah.
It's that rat bastard from Pittsburgh. He ratted you all out. He's been a rat since he got busted in Pittsburgh.
How?
I think you got a good shot at beating the case.
He was jumpy. He hadn't touched a thing. In the old days, Jimmy would have ordered doubles and eaten it all.  On the surface, of course, everything was supposed to be fine. We were supposed to be discussing my case, just like we always would, but I had a feeling Jimmy was trying to sense whether I was going to rat him out to save my neck.
I can't eat,  just get me some coffee.
Right away I knew he didn't want them. I knew I was going to get stuck for the money. I only bought the damn guns because he wanted them. And now, he didn't want them. I didn't say a thing. Jimmy was so pissed he didn't even say goodbye.
What fucking good are these things? They don't fit. What do I need this for? I'm not paying for this shit.
Jimmy and I could never be made, because we bad Irish blood. It didn't even matter that my mother was Sicilian. To become a member of a crew, you've got to be one hundred percent Italian So that they can trace all your relatives back to the old country.
I better call again.
Nah.
You want the melon?
Jimmy, come on. Fuck 'em. Don't give them the satisfaction.
I do it all the time. Bust their fucking balls.
Come on, don't fuck around, will ya?
Watch this.
Who gives a fuck? Tall her he ran away with a broad. What do you care about her.
What'll I tell Fran?
Who else? Paulie got the okay. This little guinea fuck. Someday he's gonna be a boss. Can you believe someday we'll work for him.
Paulie's gonna make him?
So what?  Where are they gonna go?
There are cops all over the place.
Don't worry about it.
What's going on? What happened to Stacks? Is everything okay?
Oh yeah? Anything you say.
Have a drink first.
I gotta talk to you.
Give'm a drink.
We did it.  We did it.
Jimmy.
For Christmas. Your share.  It's just a taste.
We only have to shove'em over the moat.
What lions? I'm not going near any lions.
we're gonna feed the bastard to the lions.
Fuck Paulie. If Batts' crew finds we whacked him, we got real problems.
If Paulie finds out, we got problems.
It's still better than letting somebody find him.
It's been six months.
The guy just sold the property. They're gonna build condominiums and I don't want anybody digging up the little bastard.
What?
Well, we gotta dig him up again.
Paulie was just talking about him.
We got a problem, that thing we took care of upstate?
Jimmy. He'll be okay. He's good for it. Relax.
You got money for your bullshit television, don't you?  I gotta watch you swimming back and forth on TV all night long, don't I? You got money for that, but you don't have my money?
Jimmy was one of the most feared gays in the city.  He was first locked up at eleven and was doing hits for mob bosses when he was sixteen. Hits never bothered him. It was business. But what he really loved to do was steal.  I mean, he actually enjoyed it.  Jimmy was the kind of guy who rooted for the bad guys in the movies.  He was one of the city's biggest hijackers. Clothes. Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes. Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and lobsters were the best. They went fast.
Keep 'em coming.
Bring the car round back. I know a place Upstate they'll never find him.
What are we going to do with him? We can't dump him in the street.
Marty, please. Let me talk to him.
But I got two hundred and fifty coming.  It's my share.  Jimmy owes me.
He heard.
I want to talk to Jimmy.
Will you stop.
And Jimmy's in it, right?
Done.
It's a fait accompli?
What are you gonna do? Fight with him?  He wants his money.
I didn't agree to three points over the vig.- What am I nuts? I didn't need it that much.
I remember feeling bad about the guy. But I remember feeling that maybe Tuddy was right.  I knew Paulie didn't want anybody dying in the building.
I You wasted eight fucking aprons on that guy. :
You're some fucking jerk.
It was the first time I had ever seen anyone shot.
My father got a letter from the school. He said the next time he'll kill me.
Whadda you mean, you can't make any more deliveries? You're going to fuck up everything?
I can't make any more deliveries.
What happened to you?
What could I do?  If she insisted, I had to drive her home for her goddamn hat.  I threw the package in the kitchen and went to take her hone.
I don't care. I need my hat.  I won't go without it.
Do you realize what we're involved in here now?
I gotta go home and get my hat.
What for? I got a pound of stuff in my jacket I've been carrying around all day. We gotta start taping it to your leg.
I gotta go home.
Just make sure you do it. You know what I mean?
Jesus! You must think I'm dumb. What are you bugging me for? I know what to do!
Now this is important. Make sure you leave the house when you make the call. You understand? Do you hear me? It's important.  Call from an outside phone. I mean it.
Yeah, yeah.
You know what to do?
Tell Michael not to 1et the sauce stick.
Yeah.
You ready?
They're okay and it's worth it. Ain't it?
Where'd you find such creeps?
No. It's okay. Just watch this. Watch it.
Tommy, come on. Put the gun away.
No, no. It's okay.
Tommy, don't fuck around. Put the gun away. Tommy!
Tommy  ...
Is it my fault she won't go out without her girlfriend?  For Chrissake.  Come on.  You don't even have to stay.  Jeesuz!  What's the big deal?
Will you get the fuck out of here.
You gotta help me. Okay? This girl I told you about? Diana? She's from the Five Towns. She's Jewish. She won't go out with me alone. Can you believe this shit? She's fucking prejudiced, but she's built. She's never been out with an Italian before. She says she'll only go out on a double date with her girlfriend.  You believe this shit? But you gotta see her. I mean, she's beautiful.
There's a shovel at my mother's.
Batts's made. His whole crew is going to be looking for him. This is fucking bad.
Keep him here. I'm going for a bag.
Tommy.  Come on. Relax.
He's insulting me. Rat bastard. He's never been any fuckin' good.
Tommy. He. doesn't mean anything. Forget about it.
I don't give a shit. That guy's got no right.
Come on, relax. He's drunk.  He's been locked up for six years.
Okay?
It's okay. I'll make it up.  I promise. Just hurry it up a little. Okay?
I don't need this... You said tonight and now it's not tonight...
Nothing. I dropped the soap. That's all.
Are you okay? What happened?
So do I.
Hey, come on. I gotta meet somebody.
I hate to do dishes.
Don't start. I told you to clean up. Look at this place. It's a pigpen. Look around here. Why do you think I bought you the dishwasher? Look. Look at this.  There's enough powder around here to put us all away.
Stay there.
Jimmy just stood there on the sidewalk. It felt funny. I started walking down the block, but I noticed the stores were empty.
The third store down.
I know. I know. But it'll be okay. Don't worry. I got some money for you. It's down the block.
He says he's too hot.  He doesn't even know I came here today.  It's like he's crazy. Jimmy.
I gotta talk to him as soon as I can.
Jimmy.  I don't know.  I got so much else on my mind.  I got the kids.  We got no money.
Did he say what they're asking him about?
He's okay. They sobered him up.
How is he? Okay? Are they busting his chops?
Stayed out? Daddy never went out at all.
Do?  What can you do?  What did you expect?  He wasn't Jewish. Did you know bow they live?  Your father would never stay out this late without calling.  In thirty years he never stayed out all night.
Ma!  Stop! What do you want me to do?
Driving you crazy?  Don't get me started.  You're here a month and sometimes I know he doesn't come home at all. What kind of people are these?
Ma!  Please! You're driving me crazy.
He's got your father upset. Good thing he doesn't have to go to work in the morning. Is this what he deserves?
Look. He's got the whole house in an uproar.
Don't bring that up. You're the one who wanted us here.
If he was so grown up he'd get you two an apartment.
He's a grown man. Be doesn't have to call every five minutes.
What kind of person doesn't call?
He's with his friends.
He didn't call?
That's important.
They won't be left back. They'll stay in their grade.
I don't want them left back.
Don't worry about the schools. We'll take care of the schools.
We'll pick it up.
I got dry cleaning.
We'll pack up everything and send it to you.
Please?
You want a partner?
What can I do? If I could do something, don't you think I would?
Paulie, I swear, I'm afraid. The guy's nuts. What do I have to do? Whatever I gotta do, I'll do.
Someday they'll get what's coming to them. That's the only way they'll stop.
But, Paulie, please.
You?  You think you're the only one?  I've talked to them a million times, but they don't listen.
But it isn't right, Paulie. That Tommy, he's making trouble for me all over town.  I can't go here.  I can't go there.
You think that matters?  You think they give a shit about anything? The little bastards.
But I'm worried. I'm hearing all kinds of things. Paulie.  You know me all my life.  I've always done the right thing.
If you knew those fucking kids. They're nuts. Especially that Tommy. What am I going to do with them?
No, he was so hammered that he drove the police cruiser home. Fuckin' lights and everything!
No way! You're kiddin'!
Guy's tryin' to walk the line--but he can't even fuckin' stand up, and so my uncle's gonna spend a night in jail. Just then there's this fuckin' BOOM like fifty yards down the road. Some guy's car hit a tree.
Oh shit.
Two weeks? That's nothin'. My Uncle Marty? Will knows him. That guy fuckin' drinks like you've never seen! One night he was drivin' back to his house on I-93-- Statie pulls him over.
I'm sorry, 'cause you know Mikey, the fuckin guy loves animals, and this is the last person you'd want this to happen to.
What? Come on!
Well you know how he loves animals right? Anyway, last week he's drivin' home... 
Yeah.
You guys know my cousin Mikey Sullivan?
Oh great, tell her that! Now she really thinks we're problem drinkers!
I've been shit faced for like two weeks.
Watch what happens.
All right, then.
Keep fuckin' with me. Watch what happens.
Oh, Morgan!
Suck my cock!
Submit, bitch! Submit! Submit!
Least I work for a livin'.  Why'd you get fired?
Fuck you, you fat fuck.
--Yah, restructurin' the amount of retards they had workin' for them.
That fuckin' guinea, Will knows him.
Who's she talking to?
Yeah, I figured now that you got your big job over in Cambridge, you needed some way to get over there and I knew I wasn't gonna drive you every day...
You're kiddin' me.
Little Morgan's got a lot a scrap, dude. I'd rather fight a big kid, they never fight, everyone's scared of 'em. You know how many people try to whip Morgan's ass every week? Fuckin' kid won't back down.
Why didn't you yoke him?
No, I had to talk him down.
You and Morgan throw?
Let me tell you what I do know. Every day I come by to pick you up, and we go out drinkin' or whatever and we have a few laughs. But you know what the best part of my day is? The ten seconds before I knock on the door 'cause I let myself think I might get there, and you'd be gone. I'd knock on the door and you wouldn't be there. You just left.
You don't know that.
Fuck you. You owe it to me. Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be fifty and I'll still be doin' this. And that's all right 'cause I'm gonna make a run at it. But you, you're sittin' on a winning lottery ticket and you're too much of a pussy to cash it in. And that's bullshit 'cause I'd do anything to have what you got! And so would any of these guys. It'd be a fuckin' insult to us if you're still here in twenty years.
Why is it always this? I owe it to myself? What if I don't want to?
Listen, you got somethin' that none of us have.
Chuckie, what are you talkin'...
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin' kill you.
What do I want a way outta here for? I want to live here the rest of my life. I want to be your next door neighbor. I want to take out kids to little league together up Foley Field.
It's a way outta here.
Yeah, be a fuckin' lab rat.
Yah, but it's better than this shit. At least you'd make some nice bank.
Yeah, sit in a room and do long division for the next fifty years.
Are they hookin' you up with a job?
Week after I'm twenty-one.
Suck my crank. Fuckin' sheet metal pussy.  So, when are you done with those meetin's?
Some shows are worth the price of admission, partner.
Oh I'm sure, that's why only one of us has herpes.
Sorry, brother.  I don't know what to tell ya. You know all the girls I been with. You been with 'em too, except for Cheryl McGovern which was a big mistake on your part brother...
She went to Medical school in California.
What?
Gone.
How's the woman?
Don't get too slap-happy, you're takin' me home first. WILL I don't know, Chuck. It's kinda outta the way.
Thanks, Chuck.
I was countin' on it.
What do I look like, Al Cowlins?  You want to take my car, drop her off?
I don't know what the fuck you're doin'. You're givin' us a ride.
I don't know.
Why not?
I didn't get on Cathy last night.
No one. I didn't have the number.
Who'd you call?
You're fuckin' good.
Probation, counselin', few days a week.
What'd you get? You get leniency?
Next week.
When's the arraignment?
Yeah, you're all invited over to Morgan's house for a complementary fish sandwhich.
Hey, thanks for comin' out.
I don't know yet.
What do we got?
No, and we got four of 'em.
Jesus, that's really bad, did anyone even order a Flyin' Fish?
Jesus Christ. Not even close.
She didn't do it again did she?
We're not goin'.  I don't even like "Kelly's."
She's sharp as a marble.
Fuck you.
I don't know, we'll fuck up some smart kids.  You'd prob'ly fit right in.
What are we gonna do up there?
Casey's bouncin' at a bar up Harvard. We should go there sometime.
Stop crowdin the plate!
Stop brushin' me back!
--or a tail--
Yeah, so he's like "Check the front of my truck, I can prove I hit it 'cause there's probably some blood or something"--
Okay. He's driving along and this fuckin' cat jumps in front of his car, and so he hits this cat--
Chuckie, what the fuck happened?
Yeah, it is.
Is that true?
I really don't know what to say. Look, I lie to women all the time. That's just my way.  Last week Morgan brought these girls down from Roslindale. I told them I was a cosmonaut. They believed me. But Will's not usually like that--
I don't care what his family's like or if he doesn't have any brothers, but he doesn't have to lie to me.
Well, I don't have no trousers on...
I just wanted to find out what was going on...But now that I'm here it seems strange, doesn't it?
You caught that, huh?
See, now this doesn't feel right.  When I made the decision to come over here it felt right. I had all these rationalizations... I just don't understand why Will never tells me anything, he won't let me get close to him, he tells me these weird lies--
Let's take a walk. EXT. CHUCKIE'S STREET -- DAY
Okay.
She'll live.  If she starts yelling again I might have to run in real quick and beat her with the stick again but...
Is this a bad time?
What? No. This is my mother's house. I don't live with my mother. I just stop by, help out. I'm good like that.
I guess so.
This is your house, right?
Oh, right.
You were the only Sullivan in the phone book.
How'd you know where to find me?
Good.
How you doin'?
Hi.
I wanted to meet your brothers...
Yeah, not tonight. Not any other night. He knows, once you see that shit-hole he's gettin' dropped like a bad habit.
See ya' Chuckie. I had fun.
I'm glad you came by, changed my opinion of Harvard people.
Yah, it's not a bad school...
Oh...
Ah, history I think.
What class?
So, you ladies ah, go to school here?
Okay.
Guy's been up my ass for two years about a fuckin' job. I had to let him help with the car.
Fuck you, I did the body work. Whose fuckin' router you think sanded out all that bondo?
Me and Bill scraped together the parts, worked on it. Morgan was out panhandlin' every day.
You thought we forgot, didn't you? I know I'm gettin' my licks in.
Hey, asshole. Happy Birthday.
Shut the fuck up.
What'd you say about me?
Oh, Morgan.
Save it for your mother, funny guy. We heard it before.
Oh my God, I got the most fucked up thing I been meanin' to tell you.
I don't have a VCR at my house.
Why don't you beat off at your house?
What's up guys?
You're walkin' bitch, Will's takin' the car.
Chuck, let's go.
I'm Irish.
It's a good thing no one's Irish here.
The fuckin' Trooper was so embarrassed he didn't do anything. The fuckin' guy had been drivin' around in my Uncle's car all night lookin' for the house.
Did your Uncle get arrested?
So in the morning, there's a knock on the door it's the Statie. So my Uncle's like, "Is there a problem?" And the Statie's like "I pulled you over and you took off." And my Uncle's like "I never seen you before in my life, I been home all night with my kids." And Statie's like "Let me get in your garage!" So he's like "All right, fine." He takes around the garage and opens the door --and the Statie's cruiser is in my Uncle's garage.
Holy shit.
Yeah, he was probably drunker than my Uncle, who fuckin' knows? So the cop goes "Stay here" And he goes runnin' down the highway to deal with the other crash. So, my Uncle Marty's standin' on the side of the road for a little while, and he's so fuckin' lit, that he forgets what he's waitin' for. So he goes, "Fuck it." He gets in his car and drives home.
Some other guy?
I told you "no" yesterday!
What the fuck? I just asked you for a job yesterday!
My uncle can probably get you on my demo team.
Yah, that was different. Management was restructurin'--
You got fired from pushing a broom, you little bitch.
I'm serious Chuckie, I ain't goin'.
Morgan, Let's go.
No, why didn't you fight him at the park if you wanted to? I'm not goin' now, I'm eatin' my snack. WILL  So don't go.
Shut up.
Come on, Will...
NO SHE DIDN'T GET YOUR DOUBLE BURGER!! IT'S ALL FUCKIN' FLYIN' FISH FILET!!
Did she get my Double Burger?
I think you should establish a good line of credit.
Why you gotta be an asshole Chuckie?
Well give me your fuckin' change and we'll put your fuckin' sandwhich on lay-away.
I told you, I just got change.
How much money you got?
Yah, all right...
What do you mean "your sandwhich?" I bought it.
So why don't you give me my sandwhich?
Would you shut the fuck up! I know what you ordered, I was there!
She's not stupid.
All right Morgan, fine. I'll tell you why we're not going to "Kelly's." It's because the take-out bitch is a fuckin' idiot. I'm sorry you like her but she's dumb as a post and she has never got our order right, never once.
Morgan, I'm not goin' to "Kelly's Roast Beef" just cause you like the take-out girl. It's fifteen minutes out of our way. MORGAN What else we gonna do we can't spare fifteen minutes?
Fuck her.
What Morgan, you're not gonna go talk to her?
Fuck this, let's get something to eat...
You could put a pool in that backyard.
Yah, that is a nice ass.
And so they go around to the front of his truck...and there's another cat on the grille.
WILL!
And all the time he's apologizin' to the cat, goin' "I'm sorry." BANG, "I'm sorry." BANG!
Jesus.
--and he's like "shit! Motherfucker!" And he looks in his rearview and sees this cat-- I'm sorry--
--That isn't funny--
Come now...what do you think I am, a juvinile? You don't got any money on you right now. You think I'm gonna take a check? EXECUTIVE It's fine, John, I can cover the rest.
Will you take a check?
I have about seventy-three...
I don't think I...Larry?
Allegedly, what I am saying is your situation will be concurrently improved if I had two hundred sheets in my pocket right now.
You want us to give you cash right now?
Retainer...
Will, our offer starts you at eighty- four thousand a year, plus benefits.
--These circumstances are mitigated. Right now. They're mitigated.
I'm not sure--
There's no problem. I was just hoping you could give me some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the early colonies. My contention is that prior to the Revolutionary War the economic modalities especially of the southern colonies could most aptly be characterized as agrarian pre- capitalist and...
All right, are we gonna have a problem?
Elementary? Oh, I don't doubt that it was. I remember the class, it was just between recess and lunch.
To tell you the truth, I wasn't there much. The class was rather elementary.
Hey, I'm the last guy to want to talk about school at the bar. But as long as you're here I want to "seize" the opportunity to ask you a question.
Hey, come on pal we're in classes all day. That's one thing about Harvard never seizes to amaze me, everybody's talkin' about school all the time.
History? Just "history?" It must have been a survey course then.
Good, it was all right.
How'd you like that course?
History.
What class did you say that was?
Why shouldn't I work for the National Security Agency? That's a tough one.
That's exactly right, Will. So the question as I see it isn't "why should you work for N.S.A." it's "why shouldn't you?"
Come on, that's what you do. You handle more than eighty percent of the intelligence workload. You're seven times the size of the C.I.A.
That's one aspect of what we do.
Codebreaking.
Well, you'd be working on the cutting edge. You'd be exposed to the kind of technology you couldn't see anywhere else because we've classified it. Super string theory, Chaos Math, Advanced algorithms--
So why do you think I should work for the National Security Agency?
You don't have to be nervous, Will.
Down there.  And I'm nervous.
Where is it touching you?
It's touching me.
You're in a safe place, Will.
It's like a small figure, hoverin' over me. Gettin' closer.
What is it?
Somethin's in my room.
And what do you see?
Seven.
Okay, you're in your bed, Will. Now how old are you?
--But--
--Maker builds "K" to the "N." N is three to the K times--
The limit is not found!  The limit is not found.
No, there's a limit.
Maker can. This is not new, Gerry!
--But what he's doing, he's attaching an edge to the adjacent vertex. He can always failsafe to either side--
With a Ramses graph on the binary tree--
Alexander, I know your theory. The boy is updating, he's strategy stealing...
Well, he didn't show up for work today...
Please, I'm a professor here and it's very important.
No, no. Nothing like that. I just need his name. TERRY I can't give you his name unless you have a complaint.
Well, if something was stolen, I should know about it.
Building two.
Which one's your building?
Could you just check, because the young man who works in my building--
No students work for me.
I'm trying to find the name of a student who works here.
Yeah, can I help you?
Excuse me. Is this the buildings and grounds office?
Thank you, Will. I'll do that.
Listen, I'll be nearby so, if you need some help, or you get stuck again, don't be afraid to give me a call.
Yes.
I appreciate that.
This job... Do it if it's what you really want.
Bullshit.
I just want you to know...It's been a pleasure.
Thank you.
Sam called me. From Tri-tech. He says you start working for them next week.
I was just sayin' goodbye to Sean.
You know, you're no longer required to come here.
Hey, how you doin'?
Will.
No, that's fine, Will. I was just leaving.
I can come back.
It's a Carlton Fisk baseball card.
What are you smiling at?
So am I.  Yes. That's right, Will. Most days I wish I never met you. Because then I could sleep at night. I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge that someone like you was out there. And I wouldn't have to watch you throw it all away.
Well, I'm sorry.
Sure, then you'd have more time to sit around and get drunk. Think of how many fights you could have been in by now.
--You know how fuckin' easy this is to me? This is a joke!  And I'm sorry you can't do this. I really am. 'Cause if you could I wouldn't be forced to watch you fumble around and fuck it up.
The least you can do is show me a little appreciation.
--Maybe I don't want to spend my life sittin' around and explaining shit to people.
I'll cancel every meeting right now. I'll give you a job myself. I just wanted you to see what was out there.
Then don't set up any more meetings.
Will, on your own time, you can do what you like. When I set up a meeting, with my associates, and you don't show up it reflects poorly on me.
I couldn't go 'cause I had a date. So I sent my cheif negotiator.
Will, what happened at the Tri-tech meeting?
It's right.  Take it home with you.
That's fine, but did you ever think--
Can I ask you a favor, can we do this at Sean's from now on? 'Cause I leave work to come here and the fuckin' commute is killin' me--
I'm pretty sure it's right.
--This can't be right.  This is going to be very embarrassing. Have you ever considered--
I don't know what it's called.
This is correct. I see you used Mclullen here--
Will, this is Sean Maguire. Sean, Will Hunting.
No.
That's enough.
Okay...don't forget to get another therapist for next week.
Get out, Will.
C'mon, that guy was a fuckin' piece of work.
I told you to cooperate with these people.
Oh, come on! You're not pinnin' this one on me. He left, I wanted to talk to him for another twenty minutes. I was havin' fun.
Oh, for God's sake, Will.
Yeah, when do I get my hypnosis? You guys been talkin' for twenty minutes.
Shall we start the, uh...
An integer.
--That edge!
--Half-red, half-black--
--that?--
Half-red, half-black--
What's that?
I happen to know so.
I think so.
That would be a monumental waste of time, wouldn't it, Will?
It's an integer proof.
Okay. How?
Of course.
This rectangle is subdivided into rectangles. One edge of an inner rectangle is an integer. Can you prove that one edge of the larger rectangle is an integer?
Now, it won't be as bad as it sounds, Will.  I've already spoken to one therapist, his name is Henry Lipkin and he's a friend of mine. He's also published four books and is widely considered to be one of the brightest men in his field.  I'm sure it'll be better than spending the next six months in jail.
I'll do the work. I'm not going to meet with a therapist.
That's right.
If I agree to this, I walk right now?
That you meet with me twice a week--
What're those?
Yes. Under two conditions.
Really?
I've spoken with the judge and he's agreed to release you under my supervision.
Fuck do you want?
Hello. Gerald Lambeau, M.I.T.
Well... I'll be speaking to your supervisor.
Hey fuck you.
What's your name?  Don't you walk away from me. This is people's work, you can't graffiti here.
I'm sorry.
What're you doing?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Who proved the theorem.
Find out what?
I know. We just couldn't wait 'till Monday to find out.
It's Saturday.
I'm in your applied theories class. We're all down at the Math and Science building.
Yes.
Excuse me, Professor Lambeau?
I did.
So who won the bet?
No. LAMBEAU Okay thank you, Timmy.
How about Gerald Lambeau? Ever heard of him?
You've heard of Albert Einstein?
Yeah, cured polio.
Have you heard of Jonas Salk?
Uh-oh.
Excuse me, Timmy. Could you help us? We're trying to settle a bet.
Pleasure to meet you.
Good to meet you.
About thirty million to one.
You're pretty quick with those numbers. How about the odds of me buying the first round?
About thirty million to one.
I don't know... Gotta be at least four to one.
Sean, do you have any idea what the odds are against winning the lottery?
Sounds good.
How about one now?
You should come. I'll buy you a drink.
I got one of those too.
I got this mailer the other day. Class of Sixty-five is having this event in six months.
Do you know when you'll be back?
Never been.
Why there?
I don't know. India maybe.
Where're you going?
Yeah. Summer vacation. Thought I'd travel some. Maybe write a little bit.
So I hear you're taking some time.
Me too.
Sean...
Come in.
Hello, Sean.
He's not you!
You're wrong, Sean. I'm where I am today because I was pushed. And because I learned to push myself!
If you push him into something, if you ride him--
He won't be a failure!
I don't blame you! It's not about that! It's about the boy! 'Cause he's a good kid! And I won't see this happen to him-- I won't see you make him feel like a failure too!
That's right! You were smarter than us then and you're smarter than us now! So don't blame me for how your life turned out. It's not my fault.
--I don't want your trophy and I don't give a shit about it! 'Cause I knew you when!! You and Jack and Tom Sanders. I knew you when you were homesick and pimply-faced and didn't know what side of the bed to piss on!
--Is that what this is about, Sean? The Field's Medal? Do you want me to go home and get it for you? Then will you let the boy--
That's it. That's why I don't come to the goddamn reunions! Becaue I can't stand the look in your eye when you see me! You think I'm a failure! I know who I am. I'm proud of who I am. And all of you, you think I'm some kind of pity case! You with your sycophant students following you around. And you Goddamn Medal!
Yes you do. You're angry at me for doing what you could have done. Ask yourself if you want Will to feel that way for the rest of his life, to feel like a failure.
--I don't have any anger at you--
--Yes you are, Sean. You resent me. And I'm not going to apologize for any success that I've had.
--I'm not angry at you--
Now don't do that. Don't you do that! Don't infect him with the idea that it's okay to quit. That it's okay to be a failure, because it's not okay! If you're angry at me for being successful, for being what you could have been--
--And who do you think he's handling? He pushes people away before they have a chance to leave him. And for 20 years he's been alone because of that. And if you try to push him into this, it's going to be the same thing all over again. And I'm not going to let that happen to him!
Oh, that's nice--
--And why does he hang out with his friends? Because any one of those kids would come in here and take a bat to your head if he asked them to. It's called loyalty!
Oh, come on, Sean--
Why is he hiding? Why is he a janitor? Why doesn't he trust anybody? Because the first thing that happened to him was that he was abandoned by the people who were supposed to love him the most!
He can handle the work, he can handle the pressure and he's obviously handled you.
Why do you think he does that, Gerry?
What problems does he have, Sean, that he is better off as a janitor or in jail or hanging around with--
He is at a fragile point. He's got problems--
He has a gift and with that gift comes responsibility. And you don't understand that he's at a fragile point--
"Undermine?"
Look Sean, I don't care if you have a rapport with the boy-- I don't care if you have a few laughs-- even at my expense! But don't you dare undermine what I'm trying to do here.
I know what I'm doing and I know why I'm here!
--Ready to falsify documents because you've given him license to walk away from this.
Hold on!
--And here I am for the second week in a row with my professional reputation at stake--
--Gerry--
--And confuse him--
Now wait a minute--
This is a disaster! I brought you in here to help me with this boy, not to run him out--
That's a wonderful theory, Sean. It worked wonders for you.
Is it Gerry? 'Cause I don't think it's fine with you. Give him time to figure out what he wants.
Look, you took one road and I took another. That's fine.
--Personal rivalry? I'm not getting back at you.
--No, no you hear me out, Sean. This young man is a true prodigy--
Now wait a minute, Gerry--
Sean, this is important. And it's above personal rivalry--
Maybe he doesn't care about that.
Look, I don't know what else I can say. I'm not sitting at home every night, twisting my mustache and hatching a plan to ruin the boy's life. But it's important to start early. I was doing advanced mathematics at eighteen and it still took me twenty-three years to do something worthy of a Field's medal.
Just...take it easy, Gerry.
Well, you're the only one.
I do.
You see, Sean? That's exactly not the point. No one remembers that. They--
Einstein. Had two marriages, both train-wrecks. The guy never saw his kids, one of whom, I think, ended up in an asylum--
Who?
He married his cousin.
What don't I understand?
Sean, I really don't think you understand--
That's great, Gerry, that there's interest-- But I'm not sure he's ready for that.
Cutting edge mathematics. Think tanks. The kind of place where a mind like Will's is given free reign.
Jobs doing what?
We haven't really gotten into it. LAMBEAU Maybe you should. My phone's been ringing off the hook with job offers.
Well, have you talked to him at all about his future?
I think so.
Seems like it's going well.
I been here a couple years.
You moved?
I live right around the corner.
You're here quite a bit, then.
Timmy this is Gerry, an old friend of mine. We went to college together.
Not at all.
Gerry! Any trouble finding the place?
I won't talk first.
Oh, what is this? Some kind of staring contest between two kids from the "old neighborhood?"
To show me he doesn't have to talk to me if he doesn't want to.
Why would he do that?
No, he just sat there and counted the seconds until the session was over. It was pretty impressive, actually.
What do you mean "he didn't talk?" You sat there for an hour?
You too, Gerry.
Tom.
Would you excuse us?
It's a poker game with this young man. Don't let him see what you've got.
I'll be okay.
Any vulnerability he senses, he'll exploit.
It's on the college.
I got it.
That would be fine.
Can we do it at my office?
Just meet with the boy once a week.
Not Rick? You didn't send him to Rick?
Five.
He's from Southie? How many people did you try before you came to me?
You're from the same neighborhood. South Boston.
My kind of background?
I need someone with your kind of background.
Why me?
They worked together for the remainder of their lives, producing some of the most exciting math theory ever done. Ramanujan's genius was unparalleled, Sean. This boy is like that. But he's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to him.
Where he contracted pneumonia and died at a young age--
--That's right, Sean. He mailed it to a professor at Cambridge who immediately recognized the brilliance in his work and brought Ramanujan to England.
And he mailed it to Hardy--
He was alive over a hundred years ago. He was Indian. Dots, not feathers...
Yeah.
Not much free time, Gerry. LAMBEAU Have you ever heard of a man named Ramanujan?
This kid's special, Sean. I've never seen anything like him.
I've been busy, Gerry. I got a full schedule.
I got your card.
I'm sorry, that damn conference--
Since Nancy died.
You were missed.  How long has it been since we've seen each other?
I've been busy.
I didn't see you at the reunion.
Is there someplace we can talk?
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
The Field's Medal is the Nobel Prize for math.  But it's only given out every four years.
Hello.
Well, it seems we're in the presence of greatness. Professor Gerald Lambeau is a Field's Medal winner. Combunatorial Mathematics. 1986.
Sean.
The boy was here. He came in, sat down and we worked together.
What should I do?
He was my roommate in college.
Who is he?
There is somebody...
What do you want to do?
What's the point?
I called Mel Weintraub this morning, to check for availability.
So what do you got, a fuckin' Hyundai engine under there? Can I make it back to my house?
Had one, now I'm fucked again.
So, you finally got a job Morgan?
Yeah, Morgan. It's a real rarity that we'd be out drinkin'.
Will, I can't believe you brought Skylar here when we're all wrecked. What's she gonna think about us?
Hold up.
There goes that fuckin' Barney right now, with his fuckin' "skiin' trip." We should'a kicked that dude's ass.
How fuckin' retarded do you have to be to get shit-canned from that job? How hard is it to push a fuckin' broom?
Yeah, Morgan. I got fired.
What happened?  You got fired, huh?
I don't got a crush on her.
Well, she out did herself today...
Let's hit "Kelly's."
I could go for a Whopper.
You guys are fuckin' sick.
It's walkin' pretty slow at this point.
You're getting defensive...Henry. And hey, cheif--tell the wife, at least. Christ, set her free.
Well, I can see this is pointless...
If you wanna hit "Ramrod," take your shot. Take some pride in it. You go to church? So fuckin' what, God loves you. I mean, Christ. A guy as well known as you? By the time you put your disguise on and skulk out of the house Sunday nights you probably look like "Inspector Cluseau."
Who is "Danny Terrio?"
Look, man. I don't care if you're putting from the rough. There are solid arguments that some of the greatest people in history were gay; Alexander the Great, Caeser, Shakespeare, Oscar Wilde, Napoleon, Gertrude Stein, not to mention Danny Terrio, not many straight men can dance like that.
You're getting defensive, Will.
I'm sure you do. You probably got a real nice house, nice car -- your book's a best seller.
Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I'm married and I have two children.
Buddy, two seconds ago you were ready to give me a jump.
That's very presumptuous.
C'mon, I read your book. I talked to you. It's just something I know to be true.
What?
Do you find it hard to hide the fact that you're gay?
I might understand that.
Certain, clubs.  Like, Paradise. It's not bad.
What places?
I go places, I interact.
Like what, Will?
No, but, I mean you know...I do other things. That no one knows about.
Will, your not getting off that easy.
You're right. I know.
Yes. The pressures you feel, and again, I am neither labeling nor judging them, are keeping you from fulfilling your potential -- you're in a rut. So stop the Tom Foolery -- the Shenanigan's, Will.
Yeah, I read your book. "Mike" had the same problems as "Chad" the stockbroker.
--you have a quality-- something you were born with, that you have no control over- and you are, in a sense, hiding that by becoming a janitor. And I'm not saying that's wrong. I'm friends with the janitor that works in my building. He's been to my house for dinner. As a matter of fact I did some free consultation for "Mike" -- that's not his real name. That's in my book.
I could work the pit maybe, but I could never drive like Dale Ernhart--
Now you know Will, and I know, what you need to be doing. You have a gift.
That's why I love stock-car racin'. That Dale Ernhart's real good.
Good luck.
See ya.
Only if you grab my ass.
Does this violate the patient/doctor relationship?
No. Thank you.
I'm gonna travel a little bit, so I don't know where I'll be.
I'll keep in touch.
You're Welcome, Will.
I just want you to know, Sean...
We're done. You did your time. You're a free man.
Thanks you.  So, that's it? We're done?
Good for you. Congratulations.
Yeah, I think so.
That's what you want?
Over at Tri-tech. One of the jobs Professor Lambeau set me up with. I haven't told him yet, but I talked to my new boss over there and he seemed like a nice guy.
Which one did you take, Will?
I know, I know...
It's not...
I know.
It's not your fault.
Don't fuck with me.
It's not your fault.
I know.
It's not your fault.
I know.
It's not your fault.
I know.
It's not your fault.
Oh, I know.
Cause fuck him, that's why.
The wrench, why?
I used to go with the wrench.
Gotta go with the belt there...
It sure ain't good.
Yes.
--No, have you had any experience with that?
Twenty years of counselling you see a lot of--
No.  Have you had any experience with that?
You want to read it?
You're not going to fail me are you?
Oh, this is your file. I have to send it back to the Judge with my evaluation.
Do you want to talk about it?
Look, a lot of that stuff goes back a long way.  And it's between me and him and it has nothing to do with you.
Well, I'm here.  So, is that my problem? I'm afraid of being abandoned? That was easy.
Look at me. What do you want to do?
That's right. And you fuckin' lost! And some people would have the sack to lose a big hand like that and still come back and ante up again!
I been there. I played my hand.
What?
If you won't answer my questions, you're wasting my time.
What?
You're right, Will. Any man who takes a forty minute train ride so those college kids can come in in the morning and their floors will be clean and their trash cans will be empty is an honorable man.
Why is it a cop-out? I don't see anythin' wrong with layin' brick, that's somebody's home I'm buildin'. Or fixin' somebody's car, somebody's gonna get to work the next day 'cause of me. There's honor in that.
Nobody gets what they ask for, Will. That's a cop-out.
I didn't ask for this.
It's not about that job. I'm not saying you should work for the government. But, you could do anything you want. And there are people who work their whole lives layin' brick so their kids have a chance at the kind of opportunity you have. What do you want to do?
I didn't want the job.
Don't give me you line of shit.
Oh, what? You're going to take the professor's side on this?
That's what I'm saying, Will. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
Not without a heater and some serious smelling salts, no...
But you can't give back to them, Will.
Not to me, they're not.
They're all dead.
Yeah.
Someone who challenges you in every way. Who takes you places, opens things up for you. A soul-mate.
Define that.
Do you have a soul-mate?
What?
Do you think you're alone?
What did I think?
What did you think?
I guess.
Gerry says the meeting went well.
I don't know.
So you might be working for Uncle Sam.
Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run.
Would have been nice to catch that game though.
No Will, I'm not kiddin' you. If I had gone to see that game I'd be in here talkin' abouta girl I saw at a bar twenty years ago. And how I always regretted not goin' over there and talkin' to her. I don't regret the eighteen years we were married. I don't regret givin' up couseling for six years when she got sick. I don't regret being by her side for the last two years when things got real bad. And I sure as Hell don't regret missing that damn game.
You're kiddin' me.
They could see that I meant it.
"I gotta go see about a girl"? What did they say?
I just slid my ticket across the table and said "sorry fellas, I gotta go see about a girl."
I don't care if Helen of Troy walked into that bar! That's game six of the World Series!
You should have seen this girl. She lit up the room.
So wait a minute. The Red Sox haven't won a World Series since nineteen eighteen, you slept out for tickets, games gonna start in twenty minutes, in walks a girl you never seen before, and you give your ticket away?
That's right.
You missed Pudge Fisk's homerun to have a drink with a woman you had never met?
I was havin' a drink with my future wife.
Where were you?
October 21, 1975. Game six of the World Series. Biggest game in Red Sox history, Me and my friends slept out on the sidewalk all night to get tickets. We were sitting in a bar waiting for the game to start and in walks this girl. What a game that was. Tie game in the bottom of the tenth inning, in steps Carlton Fisk, hit a long fly ball down the left field line. Thirty-five thousand fans on their feet, screamin' at the ball to stay fair. Fisk is runnin' up the baseline, wavin' at the ball like a madman. It hits the foul pole, home run. Thirty-five thousand people went crazy. And I wasn't one of them.
When did you know she was the one?
Why? Because of the pain I feel now? I have regrets Will, but I don't regret a singel day I spent with her.
You don't regret meetin' your wife?
What? Do I wonder if I'd be better off if I never met my wife?
Do you ever wonder what your life would be like if you never met your wife?
Lon? He got married. He has a kid. I kind of lost touch with him after Nancy got sick.
What happened to that guy from Kentucky?
Yeah.
Well, I've read you colleagues. Your book was good, Sean.  All those guys were in your platoon?
I didn't write anything else 'cause nobody, including most of my colleagues bothered to read the first one.
Is that why you didn't write anything else?
I gave that up when my wife got sick.
Why not?
No, I don't.
Really? How'd the date go? WILL Do you still counsel veterans?  I read your book last night.
Well I think that's a wonderful philosophy, Sean. That way you can go through the rest of your life without having to really know anyone.
My wife's dead.
Hence, the word remarried.
My wife's dead.
You ever think about gettin' remarried?
I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.
And right now you're perfect too. Maybe you don't want to ruin that.
Why? So I can realize she's not so smart. That she's boring. You don't get it. Right now she's perfect, I don't want to ruin that.
So Christ, call her up.
I know what I'm doing. She's different from the other girls I met. We have a really good time. She's smart, beautiful, fun...
Jesus Christ, you are an amateur.
Haven't called her.
Why not?
I don't know.
Well, are you going out again?
Fine.
How'd it go?
Yeah, I went on a date last week.
Yeah? You got a lady now?
I know, but the joke's better if I tell it in the first person.
You've never been on a plane.
You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin' there and the captain comes on and is like "we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet," and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says "man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee." So the stewardess goes runnin' up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes "don't forget the coffee!"
So if I asked you about art you could give me the skinny on every art book ever written...Michelangelo? You know a lot about him I bet. Life's work, criticisms, political aspirations. But you couldn't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling. And if I asked you about women I'm sure you could give me a syllabus of your personal favorites, and maybe you've been laid a few times too. But you couldn't tell me how it feels to wake up next to a woman and be truly happy. If I asked you about war you could refer me to a bevy of fictional and non-fictional material, but you've never been in one. You've never held your best friend's head in your lap and watched him draw his last breath, looking to you for help. And if I asked you about love I'd get a sonnet, but you've never looked at a woman and been truly vulnerable. Known that someone could kill you with a look. That someone could rescue you from grief. That God had put an angel on Earth just for you. And you wouldn't know how it felt to be her angel. To have the love be there for her forever. Through anything, through cancer. You wouldn't know about sleeping sitting up in a hospital room for two months holding her hand and not leaving because the doctors could see in your eyes that the term "visiting hours" didn't apply to you. And you wouldn't know about real loss, because that only occurs when you lose something you love more than yourself, and you've never dared to love anything that much. I look at you and I don't see an intelligent confident man, I don't see a peer, and I don't see my equal. I see a boy. Nobody could possibly understand you, right Will? Yet you presume to know so much about me because of a painting you saw. You must know everything about me. You're an orphan, right?
No.
You've never been out of Boston.
Why thank you.
You're just a boy. You don't have the faintest idea what you're talking about.
No.
I was thinking about what you said to me the other day, about my painting. I stayed up half the night thinking about it and then something occured to me and I fell into a deep peaceful sleep and haven't thought about you since. You know what occurred to me?
So what's with this place? You have a swan fetish? Is this something you'd like to talk about?
Time's up.
If you ever disrespect my wife again...I will end you.
That's it isn't it? You married the wrong woman. She leave you? Was she bangin' someone else?
Watch your mouth.
Maybe you married the wrong woman.
Maybe you should be a patient and sit down.
Maybe what mea--
--Well, maybe that means you.
Sure, how 'bout "still waters run deep"--
You ever heard the saying, "any port in a storm?"
Oh, "Starry Night" time, huh?
I think you're one step away from cutting your ear off.
What is?
The color here, see how dark it is? It's interesting.
What does?
Poor color composition, lousy use of space. But that shit doesn't really concern me.
Tell me what you really think.
This is a real piece of shit.
Crayons?
No.
Yeah. Do you paint?
Oh.
285.
Free weights. WILL Oh yeah? Me too. What do you bench?
Nautilus?
Yes, I do.
You're right. It really gets in the way of my jazzercizing.
Guy your age shouldn't smoke so much. Stunt your growth.
Whatever blows your hair back.
You think so?
You people baffle me. You spend all this money on beautiful, fancy books-- and they're the wrong fuckin' books.
How about Noam Chomsky's "Manufacturing Consent?"
"A History of the United States, Volume I." If you want to read a real history book, read Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States." That book will knock you on your ass.
Yeah, it did take me a long time.
That must have taken you a long time.
I did.
I'm not here for a fuckin' book report. They're your books, why don't you read 'em?
What did you think?
Yeah, I read those.
How about the ones on that shelf?
Probably not.
Have you read all these books, Will?
Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a "shrink kit" that comes with all these volumes included?
Goodbye.
Take care.
I love you, Will.  No take-backs.
Yeah.
I never cared about that.
I just wanted to call before you left.  I'm takin' all these job interviews. So I won't just be a construction worker.
You know what I want to hear? I want to hear that you don't love me. If you tell me that, then I'll leave you alone. I won't ask any questions and I won't be in your life.
Don't bullshit me! Don't fuckin' bullshit me!
I don't want to "save" you. I just want to be with you. I love you. I love you!
What, you want to come in here and save me? Is that what you want to do? Do I have a sign that says "save me" on my back?
Yes I do. Did you ever think that maybe I could help you? That maybe that's the point, that we're a team?
You don't want to hear that I got cigarettes put out on me when I was a little kid. That this isn't surgery
Yes, I do, Will.
No, you don't want to hear that.
Yes, Will. I didn't even know that?
Oh, is that what this is about? You want to hear that I don't really have any brothers? That I'm a fuckin' orphan? Is that what you want to hear?
What about your twelve brothers?
I'm not honest?
You're afraid of me. You're afraid that I won't love you back. And guess what? I'm afraid too. But at least I have the balls to it give it a shot. At least I'm honest with you.
What the fuck am I afraid of?!
Fuck you! You think I want this? That money's a burden to me. Every day I wake up and I wish I could give that back. I'd give everything I have back to spend one more day with my father. But that's life. And I deal with it. So don't put that shit on me. You're the one that's afraid.
At least you have a mother.
I inherited that money when I was thirteen, when my father died.
--some prick from Stanford that your parents will approve of. Then you'll sit around with the rest of the upper crust kids and talk about how you went slummin' too.
Is that what you think--
--Don't tell me about my world. You're the one that's afraid. You just want to have your little fling with the guy from the other side of town and marry--
Well, what aren't you scared of? You live in your safe little world where nobody challenges you and you're scared shitless to do anything else--
What am I scared of?
Why won't you come with me? What are you so scared of?
What do you mean "What am I afraid of?"
Then what are you afraid of?
I'm not sayin' I'm not in love with you.
Look, Will if you're not in love with me, you can say that.
One, because I have a job here and two because I live here--
Why not?
I can't go out to California.
"Take-back?" What is that? I don't want a take-back. I want you to come to California with me.
'Cause that's a serious thing you're sayin'. I mean, we might be in California next week and you could find out somethin' about me that you don't like. And you might feel like "hey this is a big mistake."  But you can't take it back, 'cause you know it's real serious and you can't take somethin' like that back. Now I'm in California, 'cause you asked me to come. But you don't really want me there. And I'm stuck in California with someone who really doesn't want me there and just wishes they had a take-back.
Yeah, I'm sure.
And you're sure about that?
I don't know. I just feel it.
Yeah, but how do you know?
I know. I just do.
How do you know that?
I want you to come with me.
What?
Come with me to California.
No.
Will? Are you awake?
--When it came to stuff like that I could always just play.
--But you can do my O-chem lab in under an hour, you can--
Not a lick. I look at a piano and I see black and white keys, three pedals and a box of wood. Beethoven, Mozart, they looked at it and it just made sense to them. They saw a piano and they could play. I couldn't paint you a picture, I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway Park and I can't play the piano--
So, do you play the piano?
Well all right, Beethoven. He looked at a piano and saw music. The fuckin' guy was deaf when he composed the Ode to Joy. They had to turn him around to take a bow because he couldn't hear the crowd going crazy behind him. Stone deaf. He saw all of that music in his head.
I see "Hot Cross Buns," but okay.
I'm trying to explain it to you. So you play the piano. When you look at the keys, you see music, you see Mozart.
Come one Will. I just want to know.
Do you play the piano?
Yeah. Someone like you who divides his time, fairly evenly, between the batting cages and bars.
Like me?
Nobody does organic chemistry for "fun." It's unnecessary. Especially for someone like you.
I guess so.
Just for fun?
Some, a little.
Have you ever studied Organic Chemistry?
I guess. I don't know. How do you remember your phone number?
All right, Mr. Nosey Parker. Let me ask you a question? Do you have a photographic memory?
Instead you're going to bust your ass for five years so you can be broke? SKYLAR No, so I can be a doctor.
Rich? I have an inheritance. It's two handred and fifty thousand dollars. That's exactly what it'll cost me, minus about five hundred bucks, to go all the way through med school. This is what I'm doing with that money. I could have done anything I wanted. I could have expanded my wardrobe, substantially.
You're rich. What do you have to worry about?
Clearly.
Why is it important to you? If I inherited all that money, the only thing important to me would be workin' on my swing.
It's important that I learn this.
C'mon, give me a peek and we'll go to the battin' cages.
No.
Want me to take a look?
Fine.
How's it goin'?
Not tonight.
I thought you said you'd show me your place.
Then on behalf of my weiner, I'd like to ask for an advance.
You men are shameful. If you're not thinking of your weiner then you're acting on its behalf.
I'd say...  It's only four in the mornin', they're prob'ly up.
What if I said I wouldn't sleep with you again until you let me meet your friends?
Sometime. I don't know. Next week.
When?
All right, all right. We'll go.
Is it me you're hiding from them or the other way around?
Aah, it's kind of a hike.
I think I can make it to South Boston.
They don't come over here that much.
What about your friends? Or your brothers? When do I get to meet them?
Exactly.
I've never seen your place.
'Cause it's nicer than my place.
Why do we always stay here?
Then let's go have some fun.
No.
You're not going into surgery tomorrow are you?
I'm supposed to understand this.
Didn't your mother ever tell you not to look a gift horse n the mouth?
How the hell did you do that?
I couldn't wait till tomorrow.
If you bring the caramels.
Promise?
You should have called. I have an "O- chem" lab due tomorrow and it's impossible.  It's not an excuse dummy. I want to go out with you. But look:
Sorry. I'm sorry. Give me another crack at it. Let me take you out.
You were busy? You know, I really was waiting for you to call me.
I'm sorry, I been real busy.
Where have you been?
We'll do that.
I want to meet them.
All the time. We all live in Southie. I live with three of them now.
Do you keep in touch with them?
Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian.
Well...
'Course I do, they're my brothers.
Do you know all their names?
It was great. There was always someone to play with, give you advice.
Your house must have been a zoo.
I swear to God.
Bullshit.
Yup, you're lookin' at lucky thirteen.
Not a chance.
I have twelve big brothers.
What, five?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
How many?
Well, Irish Catholic. What do you think?
Yeah.
Do I have a lot of brothers and sisters?
You have a lot of brothers and sisters?
You know, nothing special.
I bet you have a great family.
Pretty boring, I guess.
How was that?
Not far from here, South Boston.
You grew up around here?
Hey, I spent all my money on those caramels.
Free?
Then why don't we just get it out of the way.
No...I was hoping to get a kiss.
Oh, you will?
I was kinda' hopin' to get a "good night laid" but...I'll take a kiss.
Yes you were.
No I wasn't...
Yes you have. You were thinking you were gonna get a good night kiss.
No I haven't...
You know what I mean. I know you've at least thought about it.
I really don't 'date' that much.
Well, there's this part of the movie that's about how there's always this tension on a first date where both people are thinking about what's going to happen with the whole 'good night kiss' thing.
No.
Have you ever seen Annie Hall?
Okay...
Now, I'm gonna make all these caramels disappear.
Sure.
In that case, fine.  Want to see my magic trick?
Well, I'm gonna experiment on you for my anatomy class, then go.
So you just want to use me and go?
Stanford. I'm leaving in June after I graduate.
Is Harvard gettin' all that money?
I was happy to pay. I inherited the money.
I bet your parents were happy to pay.
I don't know, it was just kind of the boring suburban thing. Private school, Harvard, and now Med. School.  I actually figured out that at the end of it, my brain will be worth a quarter of a million dollars. I shouldn't have told you that...
You aren't, by any chance, Pre-law? Are you?
Sounds good, where are you now?
Yeah, I figured maybe sometime this week we could go to a cafe and have some caramels.
Oh Will! I was wondering when you'd call.
Okay, you got me. It's the ugly, obnoxious, toothless loser who got drunk and wouldn't leave you alone all night.
I'm sorry, I don't recall meeting anyone who fits that description.
It's Will, the really funny good looking guy you met at the bar?
Yeah?
The caramel thing is my pick-up line.
See, it's my life story. Five more minutes and I would have got to hear your best pick-up line.
I was trying to be smooth.  But at twelve-fifteen I was gonna come over there and talk to you.
What?
Five minutes.
Okay, sounds good.
When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee.
What?
Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramels.
Here's my number.
I didn't mean you. Listen, maybe...
Well, look, I have to go. Gotta' get up early and waste some more money on my overpriced education.
I kind of got that impression.
Skylar. And by the way. That guy over there is a real dick and I just wanted you to know he didn't come with us.
I'm Will.
I've been sitting over there for forty- five minutes waiting for you to come talk to me. But I'm just tired now and I have to go home and I wasn't going to keep sitting there waiting for you.
What?
You suck.
Joe!
Twicet now I've fell for that line. Maybe he needs a thousan' men. So he get's five thousan' there, an' he'll pay fifteen cents a hour. An' you guys'll have to take it 'cause you'll be hungry.  'F he wants to hire men, let him write it out an' say what he's gonna pay. Ast to see his license. He ain't allowed by law to contrack men without a license.
Listen, Smart Guy. I'll run my business my own way. I got work. If you wanta take it, okay. If not, just sit here, that's all.
'F we're workin' for you, it's our business too. An' how do we know--  --you ain't one a the guys that sent these things out?
You trying to tell me how to run my own business?
All right, mister. I'll go. You just show your license to contrack, an' then you make out a order--where an' when an' how much you gonna pay--an' you sign it an' we'll go.
Well, I'm contracting the land.
You doin' the hirin'?
Be glad to get my han' on some cotton. That's the kin' a pickin' I understan'.
Twenty days work, oh boy!
Let 'er go, Gallagher!
Ready, Pa?
Sure! I was just aimin' to meet up with a couple girls I know.
Leave him alone, Ma--Al's just billy- goatin' around--
I never knowed they was anything like her!
Will ya look at her!
Reckon we better begin roustin' 'em out if we aim to get outa here by daylight. How about it, John? How you boys comin'? 
She'll prob'ly ride like a bull calf-- but she'll ride!
Sure. Why not?
Okay. I think you're a darn fool, though.
Lissen. I don't care nothin' about you, but if you mess in this, your whole fambly li'ble to get in trouble, an' Tom get sent back to the penitentiary.
But ain't no reason--
*Some*body got to take the blame. They just *got* to hang it on somebody, you know.  An' I ain't doin' nothin' but set around.
How 'bout you?
Go on. Get in your tent. You don't know nothin'.
Look at that ol' coffeepot steam!
Woman can change better'n a man. Man lives in jerks--baby born, or somebody dies, that's a jerk--gets a farm, or loses one, an' that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that.
Watch me pass that Chevvy.
No. Ain't ever gonna be scared no more.  I was, though. For a while I thought we was beat--*good* an' beat. Looked like we didn't have nothin' in the worl' but enemies--wasn't *no*body frien'ly anymore. It made me feel bad an' scared too--like we was lost... an' nobody cared.
Whatsa matter, Ma? Gettin' scared?
Maybe. Maybe twenny days work, maybe *no* days work. We ain't got it till we get it.
I'll get Rosasharn.
Ready, Ma?
Well, you ain't a-goin'! Ain't *nobody* else a-goin'! We *got* here an' we gonna *stay* here, together! As long as we got the fambly unbroke I ain't scared, but it's a long bitter road we got ahead of us--  --an' I'm here to tell ya ef anybody else tries to bust us up anymore I'm a-goin' cat wild with this here piece a bar-arn!
But it ain't runnin' away, Ma. All I wanta do is go away with another fella an' look aroun' for work by ourself--
But ef you *do* whup me, I swear you better not ever go to sleep again, because the minute you go to sleep, or you're settin' down, or your back's turned, I'm gonna knock you belly-up with a bucket.
I'd come back--
I never had my house pushed over before. I never had my fambly stuck out on the road. I never had to lose... ever'thing I had in life.
That don't sound like you, Ma. You never was like that before.
We're goin' to California, ain't we? Awright then, let's *go* to California.
Ain't you gonna look back, Ma?--give the ol' place a last look?
Now I can't breathe.
That comes from not holdin' you tight *enough.*
You're *ticklin' me!*
Why, I ain't hardly touchin' you!
Don't hold me so tight.
Well, you said anybody can waltz... How'm *I* doin'?
She got to make it.
Looks like about a mile. Reckon she'll make it?
Well, looks like we done it this time awright!
Gallon or two?
Any gas?
Fan-belt's shot.
She's hotter'n a heifer.
Thing's been workin' on me, what they was yellin' about. Got me all curious.
Think I'll look aroun' an' see if I can't meet me a girl.
I don't know what these cops got to do with it but I don't like it.  An' these here are our own people, all of 'em. I don't like this.
Maybe the road's out.
We got to get outa here right away. Ever'body here? Where's Uncle John?
Tom? You can come on. They gone.
Well, we ain't out a it yet.
Lots must a died, too.
People done it. If they could, we could.
What a place! How'd you like to walk acrost her?
Oh.
Naw. They paroled me.
You bust outa jail, Tom?
Okay. Go on.
I didn't see nothin'.
Was he bruised up this mornin'? About the face?
Short fella. Pale face.
What'd he look like again?
We just picked him up on the way in. He went away this mornin' when the rate dropped.
I guess that's what he looked like.
You mean that hitch-hiker? Little short fella with a pale face?
Hey, wait a minute. You got change comin'.
So long.
Them was nickel apiece candy.
What's it to you?
Them wasn't two-for-a-cent candy.
Cut me off a hunk a that banana cream, and a cuppa java.
Banana cream, pineapple cream, chocolate cream--and apple.
Kinda pie y'got?
Okay. House 63. Wages 5 cents a box. No bruised fruit. Move along and go to work right away.
Why, I guess so.
Can all of you work?
Two.
Kids?
Two.
Women?
Four.
How many men?
Joad.
That's not your affair. Name.
Sure, but what is this?
Want to work?
Which way is House 25?
Look, I didn't set the price. I'm just working here. If you want it, take it. If you don't, turn right around and beat it.
But--but how we gonna eat?
Take it or leave it. There's 200 men coming from the South that'll be glad to get it.
Two an' a half! Say, mister, a man can't make his dinner on that.
Two and a half cents.
Okay, mister. Whatcha payin'?
House 25. Number's on the door.
Well, I don't know what you gonna do about it, because I don't hear no riot an' I don't see no riot, an' what's more I don't believe they *is* no riot.  Look for yourself.
We don't need a warrant if it's a riot.
Got a warrant?
Deputy sheriffs.
Riot? I don't see no riot. Who're you?
Open up! We hear you got a riot.
Goodnight.
Better take care of it. Store manager'll give you some stuff for it in the morning. Goodnight.
Crate fell on me.
That cut you got?
Ma's shore gonna like it here. She ain't been treated decent for a long time.
Can't promise you that, but there'll be a licensed agent here tomorrow mornin', if you want to talk to him.
Anything like work aroun' here?
*You* find out, I can't.
Why ain't they more like it?
Government.
Say, who runs this place?
We got the best dances in the county every Saturday night.
You got dances too?
They don't get in here. Sometimes the boys patrol the fences, especially dance nights.
I can't hardly believe it. Camp I was in once, they burned it out--the deputies an' some of them poolroom fellas.
No cop can come in here without a warrant.
An' you say no cops?
That's the way it is.
Are you aimin' to tell me that the fellas that run this camp is jus' fellas--campin' here?
We got five sanitary units. Each one elects a central committee man. They make the laws, an' what they say goes.
We'll work it out. What's this committee you talkin' about?
Camp site costs a dollar a week, but you can work it out, carrying garbage, keeping the camp clean--stuff like that.
How many of you?
Joad. Tom Joad.
I don't mean to be nosy, y'understand. I just got to have certain information. What's your name?
I hear it. I think they's some guys comin' this way, lots of 'em. We better get outa here.
Can't tell if you hear it or not. You hear it, Tom?
Got to learn, like I'm a-learnin'. Don't know it right yet myself, but I'm tryin' to fin' out. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again. Preacher got to *know*.  I don't. I got to *ask*.
We was outa food. Tonight we had meat. Not much, but we had it. Think Pa's gonna give up his meat on account a other fellas? An' Rosasharn needs milk. Think Ma's gonna starve that baby jus' cause a bunch a fellas is yellin' outside a gate?
I guess that's right. Have to take a beatin' before he'll know.
But jus' the minute they ain't strike- breakin' they won't get no five!
They won't. They're a-gettin' five an' they don't care about nothin' else.
Try an' tell 'em, Tom. They'll get two an' a half, jus' the minute we're gone. An' you know what that is? That's one ton a peaches picked an' carried for a dollar. That way you can't even buy food enough to keep you alive! Tell 'em to come out with us, Tom! Them peaches is *ripe*. Two days out an' they'll pay *all* of us five!
I'll tell 'em. But I don't know how. Never seen so many guys with guns. Wouldn't even let us talk today.
Well--tell the folks inside how it is, Tom. Tell 'em they're starvin' us and stabbin' theirself in the back. An' as sure as God made little apples it's goin' back to two an' a half jus' as soon as they clear us out.
I aim to.
I don't expeck we can las' much longer-- some a the folks ain't et for two days. You goin' back tonight?
I dunno. Payin' five now.
Lookie, Tom. We come to work here. They tell us it's gonna be fi' cents. But they was a whole lot of us, so the man says two an' a half cents. Well, a fella can't even eat on that, an' if he got kids...  So we says we won't take it. So they druv us off. Now they're payin' you five--but when they bust this strike ya think they'll pay five?
No, I done my time an' got out. Come on in. 
Thought you was in jail.
Well, if it ain't Tom Joad. How ya, boy?
Casy! What you doin' here?
What's the matter?
Hide in the willows. If it's awright to come back I'll give you four high whistles.
You're right!
He seen you, Tom! You wanta be fingerprinted? You wanta get sent back for breakin' parole?
I ain't gonna run.
Gimme that gun. Now git outa here. Go down in them willows an' wait.
I don't know.
How about us? Is that the truth for us?
I'll say 'em--an' make it short.  This here ol' man jus' lived a life an' jus' died out of it. I don't know whether he was good or bad, an' it don't matter much. Heard a fella say a poem once, an' he says, "All that lives is holy." But I wouldn't pray for jus' a ol' man that's dead, because he's awright. If I was to pray I'd pray for the folks that's alive an' don't know which way to turn. Grampa here, he ain't got no more trouble like that. He's got his job all cut out for 'im--so cover 'im up and let 'im get to it.
We know. But ain't none of our folks ever been buried without a few words.
I ain't no more a preacher, you know.
If she does it'll be a miracle outa Scripture.
Think she'll hold?
It's hard to say. Stay here till mornin' an' then go on over to Uncle John's, I reckon. After that I don't know.
What you figger to do?
She's settlin'.
All right, you remember the *man* then.
I ain't no preacher anymore.
This is Muley Graves.  You remember the preacher, don't you?
I never heard nothin' about it.
This used to be mine. I give it to Grampa when I went away.  You reckon they could be dead?
No. They wasn't people to write.
They never wrote you nothing?
They're all gone--or dead.
That's our place.
Your granma was a great one, too. The third time she got religion she go it so powerful she knocked down a full-growed deacon with her fist.
Just around that next bend.
Is it fur?
Shore it is. It always is, this time a year.
Lissen. This wind's fixin't to *do* somepin'!
I'll be glad to see you pa. Last time I seen him was at a baptizin', an' he had one a the bigges' doses of the Holy Sperit I ever seen. He go to jumpin' over bushes, howlin' like a dog-wolf in moon-time. Fin'ly he picks hisself out a bush big as a piana an' he let out a squawk an' took a run at that bush. Well, sir, he cleared her but he bust his leg snap in two. They was a travellin' dentist there and he set her, an' I give her a prayin' over, but they wasn't no more Holy Sperit in your pa after that.
Maybe Ma'll have pork for supper. I ain't had pork but four times in four years--every Christmas.
It don't matter. Ever since I lost the sperit it looks like I just as soon go one way as the other.  I'll go your way.
No, but I aim to before sundown. Gettin' kind of excited about it, too. Which way you going?
Ain't you seen your folks since then?
He had a knife in me. That's why they only gave me seven years. Got out in four--parole.
And you ain't ashamed?
I don't mind any more. I'd do what I done again. I killed a guy at a dance. We was drunk. He got a knife in me and I laid him out with a shovel. Knocked his head plumb to squash.
Excuse me for asking.
I been in the penitentiary for four years. 
No, I never. What?
Didn't you hear? It was in the papers.
Been out travelin' around?
Ought to be. That's fact'ry liquor. Cost me a buck.
Course I'll say grace if somebody sets out the food--  --but my heart ain't in it.  Nice drinkin' liquor.
Have a little snort?
But you wasn't a preacher. A girl was just a girl to you. But to me they was holy vessels. I was savin' their souls.  I ast myself--what *is* this call, the Holy Sperit? Maybe *that's* love. Why, I love everybody so much I'm fit to bust sometimes!  So maybe there ain't no sin an' there ain't no virtue. There's just what people do. Some things folks do is nice, and some ain't so nice. But that's as far as any man's got a right to say.
I never let one go by me when I could catch her.
At my meetin's I used to get the girls glory-shoutin' till they about passed out. Then, I'd go to comfort 'em--and always end up by lovin' 'em. I'd feel bad, an' pray, an' pray, but it didn't do no good. Next time, do it again. I figgered there just wasn't no hope for me.
Maybe you should a got yourself a wife.
I got nothin' to preach about no more--that's all. I ain't so sure o' things.
Pa always said you was never cut out to be a preacher.
*Used* to be. Not no more. I lost the call.  But boy, I sure *used* to have it! I'd get an irrigation ditch so squirmin' full of repented sinners I pretty near *drowned* half of 'em!  But not no more. I lost the sperit.
Why, you're the preacher!
Well, I do declare!  I baptized you, son.
Yeah. On my way home now.
Say, ain't you young Tom Joad--ol' Tom's boy?
I ought to done it then--an' not come on any trip like this.
But we can still do it, honey.
No, but--but you seen that advertisement in the Spicy Western Story magazine. Don't pay nothin'. Jus' send 'em the coupon an' you're a radio expert--nice clean work.
You ain't--you ain't sorry, are you, honey?
Women is always tar'd.
Seems like we wasn't never gonna do nothin' but move. I'm so tar'd.
Little trouble up ahead, but you'll get through. Just follow the line.
What's the matter? What's happened?
Pull up behind that car.  Okay for this one. Take 'em through.
Sure do.
Want to work, do you?
Fella named Spencer sent us--said they was work pickin' peaches.
Lissen, I heard that before--
We ain't campin'. We jus' stoppin' a minute--
Save your strength, lady.  Get goin', buddy. No campin' here.
They shore don't waste no time!  Take her out.
You ain't gonna blow nobody nowhere. First place, you'd get hung and you know it. For another, it wouldn't be two days before they'd have another guy here to take my place.
Have it your own way, son, but just as sure as you touch my house with that cat I'm gonna blow you plumb to kingdom come.
*Used* to be your land. B'longs to the comp'ny now.
But this is *my land*, son. Don't you understand?
For three dollars a day, that's what I'm doin' it for. I got two little kids. I got a wife and my wife's mother. Them people got to eat. Fust and on'y thing I got to think about is my own folks. What happens to other folks is their lookout.
Then what are you doin' this kind a thing for--against your own people?
I don't like nobody drawin' a bead on me.
Sure, but you'd a throwed a fit if I hadn't tol' you.
I never asked you!
That's where I get off.
Yeah.
Me neither. I'm just tryin' to get along without shovin' anybody around, that's all.  See that road up ahead?
I didn't mean nothing.
Go ahead. Ask me anything you want.
You ain't got to get sore.
Listen. That big nose of yours been goin' over me like a sheep in a vegetable patch. But I ain't keepin' it a secret. I been in the penitentiary. Been there four years. Like to know anything else?
I stay in my own yard.
Naw--not much!
I don't stick my nose in nobody's business.
You know what I mean. You been givin' me a goin' over ever since I got in. Whyn't you go on and ask me where I been?
Get to what?
Why don't you get to it, buddy?
I seen your hands. You been swinging a pick or a sledge--that shines up your hands. I notice little things like that all the time.  Got a trade?
Yeah.
Been doin' a job?
Oh!
No, my old man got a place, forty acres. He's a sharecropper, but we been there a long time.
Lookin' for a job?
Just a few miles. I'd a walked her if my dogs wasn't pooped out.
Goin' far?
Can't you see that sticker?
How about a lift, mister?
It don't take no nerve to do somep'n when there ain't nothin' else you can do. 
Well, maybe. But I'd hate to be doin' it. Takes more nerve than I got.
If we broke down maybe somebody'd give us a han'.
Sure, plenty, but not in no wreck like this.
You been acrost?
Crossin' the desert in a jalopy like this.
What you mean?
You people got a lotta nerve.
Five they're a-gettin' now, an' that's all they're int'rested in. I know exackly what Pa'd say. He'd jus' say it wasn't none a his business.
An' the nex' thing you know you'll be out, because they got it all figgered down to a T--until the harvest is in you're a *migrant* worker--afterwards, just a bum.
Sure. We made a buck since midday.
Fi' cents! They pain' you fi' cents?
Well, fi' cents a box ain't much, but a fella can eat.
This here's a strike.
Workin'. Pickin' peaches. But I seen a bunch a fellas yellin' when we come in, so I come out to see what's goin' on. What's it all about?
Didn' none of these have no breakfast?
No, ma'am. They ain't no work hereabouts. Pa's in tryin' to sell some stuff to get gas so's we can get along.
Didn' you have no breakfast?
Yes, ma'am.
You want to get ast to eat, hunh?
I could break up some bresh if you want me, ma'am.
Hush!
What's he fixin' to do, ma?
Put somepin' over him, so he won't git sun-struck.  Ever'body set now?  Awright, Al, letta go!
Ain't a-goin', thas all...
Easy, *easy!* You wanta bust his head wide open? Pull his arms, John.
And I ain't gonna listen either. I tol' you what I'm gonna do.  And I don't give a hoot in a hollow if they's oranges and grapes crowdin' a fella outa bed even, I ain't a- goin' to California!  This here's my country. I b'long *here*.  It ain't no good--  --but it's mine.
Now listen, Grampa. Listen to me, just a minute.
All but me! I'm a-stayin'.
But you can't *do* that, Grampa. This here land is goin' under the tractor. We *all* got to git out.
I ain't talkin' about you, I'm talkin' about me. And I'm a-stayin'. I give her a good goin' over all night long-- and I'm a-stayin'.
What you mean you ain't goin'? We *got* to go. We got no place to stay.
'S all right, Grampa. You just kind a tar'd, that's all. Somebody fix a pallet.
*Ain't* a-goin'... ain't a-goin'...
And can't nobody *make* me go, either! Ain't nobody here *man* enough to make me! I'm a-stayin'.
Ma. Pa.  Grampa, his eyes hurt and hunted and frightened and bewildered, scratches in the dirt.
Take her with you!
How 'bout Granma?
Ain't nothin' the matter. I just ain't a-goin', that's all.
What's the matter, Grampa?
I didn't bust out. They lemme out. Howya, Noah. Howya, Uncle John.
You know what I al'ays said: "Tom'll come bustin' outa that jail like a bull through a corral fence." Can't keep no Joad in jail!
I'll walk back.
Not tonight you can't. Want to walk back?--or you want me to whistle up some help and take you back?
You mean I can't even get outa here?
Well, you just turn around and walk the other way.
Thought I'd take a walk. Any law against it?
Where you think you're going?
Sure. We aim to.
Okay. Go ahead, but you better keep movin'.
No plants.
Got any plants?
No longer'n we can get acrost her.
How long you plan to be in Arizona?
California.
Where you going?
Okay. I be back a little later.
I got to get a lot curiouser than I am--with all them cops out there.
You git. Go on now, git. You ain't doin' no good. They ain't enough for you.
Wouldn't be no use. I'd still see 'em inside the tent.
You take that plate inside the tent an' you eat it.
I know, but I got a stomickache. I ain't hungry.
Whatta ya mean? You ain't et today.
You take this.  I ain't hungry.
No--an' look what I got for you.
An' you won't let nobody touch me?
You an' me's goin' together--jus' you an' me. We're a-goin' to that dance an' we're a-goin' to jus' set an' watch. If anybody says to come dance--why I'll say you're poorly. But you an' me, we're gonna hear the music an' see the fun.
I can't he'p it, Ma. It don't make *me* giggly an' happy.
Why, honey, it makes folks happy to see a girl that way--makes folks sort of giggly an' happy.
Ma...  Ma, I--I can't go to the dance. I jus' can't Ma. I can't hardly stan' it, with Connie not here--an' me this way.
I know, honey, an' just as soon as we get settled Al's gonna set out an' look for him. How 'bout gas, Tommy?
Ma... you know, if Connie was here I wouldn't min' any a this.
Stand by the door.
No'm.
Anybody ask anything?
This got a floor. Wouldn't leak when it rains.
I like the tent better.
Why, sure. It won't be so bad once we get her washed out.
We gonna live here?
Maybe that's jus' what he done.
Maybe Connie went to get some books to study up with. He's gonna be a radio expert, ya know. Maybe he figgered to suprise us.
No. No, it don't. I can't do that. I can't let m'self. All I can do is see how soon they gonna wanta eat again. They'd all get upset if I done anymore 'n that. They all depen' on me jus' thinkin' about that.  That's my part--that an' keepin' the fambly together.
Don't it ever scare you it won't be nice in California like we think?
Sometimes. A little. Only it ain't scairt so much. It's just waitin' an' wonderin'. But when sump'n happens that I got to do sump'n--  --I'll do it.
You don't ever get scairt, do you, Ma?
They use' to be a sayin': A chile born outa sorrow'll be a happy chile. An' another: Born outa too much joy'll be a doleful boy. That's the way I always heard it.
But will it--hurt the baby?
Well, can't nobody get through nine *months* without sorrow.
Sometimes I'm all jumpy inside.
Now don't you go gettin' nimsy-mimsy.
Ma... all this, will it hurt the baby?
I know. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an' they die, an' their kids ain't no good, an' they die out. But we keep a-comin'. We're the people that live. Can't nobody wipe us out. Can't nobody lick us. We'll go on forever, Pa. We're the people. 
Maybe, but we shore takin' a beatin'.
She'll be awright.
Make her easy, John. Watch her.
Don't matter. Just got to go--an' keep a-goin', till we get plenty a distance away from here.
Know where we're a-goin'?
They charge extry at the comp'ny store but they ain't no other place.
That!
It sure is hell jus' tryin' to get enough to eat.
Sump'n got to happen soon. We got one day's more grease, two day's flour, an' ten potatoes. After that...  An' Rosasharn, we got to remember she's gonna be due soon.
How come I got to shh? Run out, didn't he?
Pa! Shh!
Glad to get shet of him. Never was no good an' never will be--
Connie's gone.  Lit out this e'enin'--said he didn't know it was gonna be like this.
Sassy my foot! I'm jus' sick and tar'd a my folks tryin' to bust up. All we got lef' in the *worl'* is the fambly--an' right down at bottom that's all we *got* to have! Ef some of us dies, we can't he'p that--but ain't nobody else runnin' away!
Jus' sassy, that's all.
I never *seen* her so sassy.  An' she ain't so young, neither!
Al ain't a-goin' away, an' you gonna *tell* him he ain't a-goin' away.  An' if you think diff'unt, you gotta whup me first. So some on.
Now don't get sassy, Ma.
You'll *what*?... Come on, Pa. Come on an' whup me. Jus' try it.
Cut it out, Ma, or I'll--
You don't know *no* girls around here. You're lyin', *You're runnin' away*!
Go get Tom an' Al.  I dunno what to do. I got to feed the fambly. What'm I gonna do with these here?
How 'bout it?
Good-by, Tommy.
Sure. Good-by.
Good-by, Tom. Later--when it's blowed over--you'll come back? You'll try to fin' us?
Me neither.  It's jus' stuff I been thinkin' about. Gimme you han', Ma. Good-by. 
I don't understan' it, Tom.
Then it don't matter. Then I'll be all aroun' in the dark. I'll be ever'where--wherever you look. Wherever there's a fight so hungry people can eat, I'll be there. Wherever there's a cop beatin' up a guy, I'll be there. I'll be in the way guys yell when they're mad--an' I'll be in the way kids laugh when they're hungry an' they know supper's ready. An' when our people eat the stuff they raise, an' live in the houses they build, why, I'll be there too.
Then what, Tom?
Well, maybe it's like Casy says, a fella ain't got a soul of his own, but on'y a piece of a big soul--the one big soul that belongs to ever'body-- an' then...
How'm I gonna know 'bout you? They might kill you an' I wouldn't know. They might hurt you. How'm I gonna know?
No, Ma. Not that. That ain't it. But long as I'm a outlaw, anyways, maybe I can do sump'n. Maybe I can jus' fin' out sump'n. Jus' scrounge aroun' an' try to fin' out what it is that's wrong, an then see if they ain't sump'n could be done about it.  But I ain't thought it out clear, Ma. I can't. I don't know enough.
You don't aim to kill nobody, Tom!
They gonna drive me anyways. Soon or later they'll get me, for one thing if not another. Until then...
Tommy, they'll drive you, an' cut you down like they done to Casy.
I been thinkin' about us, too--about our people livin' like pigs, an' good rich lan' layin' fallow, or maybe one fella with a million acres, while a hundred thousan' farmers is starvin'. An' I been wonderin' if all our folks got together an' yelled--
He was a good man.
You know what I been thinkin' about, Ma? About Casy. About what he said, what he done, an' about how he died. An' I remember all of it.
Awright, Tommy. What you figger you gonna do?
I know you would, Ma. But I ain't gonna let you. You hide somebody that's kilt a man an'... an' you'd be in trouble too.
I could hide you, Tommy.
I'd like to stay. I'd like to be with ya--  --an' see your face when you an' Pa get settled in a nice little place. I sure wish I could see you then. But--  --I guess I won't never be able to do that. Not now.
It had to come, I reckon, soon or later.
They was some cops here, Ma. They was takin' down the license numbers. It looks like somebody knows sump'n.
Girl with a baby *always* gets prettier.
She's gettin' prettier, Ma.
Don't know--but it's better'n this.
What is it?
I'd hate to get *trapped* in here.
It's jus' till we get some distance. Then you can come out.
Comes night we'll get outa here.
That Casy. He might a been a preacher, but--he seen a lot a things clear. He was like a lantern--he helped mw see things too.
Okay, Ma. I shouldn't, though. I know I shouldn't. But okay.
Tom! They's a whole lot I don't understan', but goin' away ain't gonna ease us.  They was the time when we was on the lan'. They was a bound'ry to us then. Ol' folks died off, an' little fellas come, an' we was always one thing-- we was the fambly--kinda whole an' clear. But now we ain't clear no more. They ain't nothin' keeps us clear. Al--he's a-hankerin' an' a- jibbitin' to go off on his own. An' Uncle John is just a-draggin' along. Pa's lost his place--he ain't the head no more. We're crackin' up, Tom. They ain't no fambly now. Rosasharn--  --she gonna have her baby, but *it* ain't gonna have no fambly. I been tryin' to keep her goin' but--Winfiel'-- what's he gonna be, this-a-way? Growin' up wild, an' Ruthie, too-- like animals. Got nothin' to trus'. Don't go Tom. Stay an' help. Help me.
I'm gonna go away tonight. I can't go puttin' this on you folks.
It's awright, Tommy. I wisht you didn't do it, but you done what you had to do. I can't read no fault in you.
I'm sorry, Ma. But--I didn't know what I was doin', no more'n when you take a breath. I didn't even know I was gonna do it.
They know he got hit in the face.
They know what--this fella looks like?
That ain't the way they're tellin' it. They're sayin' you done it fust.
They killed Casy first.
Folks ain't talkin' about much else. They say they got posses out. Talkin' about a lynchin'--when they catch the fella.
I kinda thought so. Felt like it.
Looks like you done it.
Busted my cheek but I can still see. What'd you hear?
How's it feel, Tommy?
Okay, Ma. Don't you worry.
You be careful, Tommy. Don't you be stickin' your nose in anything.
Well, tomorra you'll get in a full day--full day's pay--an' we'll have plenty.
I ain't full.
No. That's all. You made a dollar, an' that's a dollar's worth.
Got any more, Ma?
You know, I jus' can't remember when I felt so good before!
Get some sugar too, for the coffee.
Fust thing I'll get is coffee, cause ever'body been wantin' that, an' then some flour an' bakin' powder an' meat. Better not get no side- meat right off. Save that for later. Maybe Sat'dy. Got to get some soap too. An' milk. Rosasharn's got to have some milk.
What's that--detour?
You gotta keep clear, Tom. The fambly's breakin' up. You *got* to keep clear.
I'm a-tryin', Ma. Honest I am.
You promised, Tommy.
I know, Ma. I'm a tryin'. If it was the law they was workin' with, we could take it. But it *ain't* the law. They're workin' away at our spirits. They're tryin' to make us cringe an' crawl. They're workin' on our decency.
Tom--you tol' me--you promised you wasn't like that. You promised me.
Ma, they comes a time when a man gets mad.
On a gallon a gas?  Let's set up the tent. Maybe I can fix us up some stew.
She shore don't look prosperous. Want to go somewheres else?
I was afraid they'd stop us an' wouldn't let us cross. But I tol' Granma. I tol' her when she was dyin'. I tol' her the fambly had ta get acrost. I tol' her we couldn't take no chances on bein' stopped.
An' that's why you didn't want 'em to look?
Since before they stopped us las' night.
When?
Granma's dead.
Was Granma bad?
No.
Didn' you get no sleep?
Thank God!  An' we're still together-- most of us. 
Look, Ma!
Ya say we're acrost?
Ma, you sick?
Forget it, Ma. Jus' think about the nice things out there. Think about them grapes and oranges--an' ever'body got work--
Maybe they got crimes in California we don't know about. Crimes we don't even know *is* crimes.
Forget it, Ma. I got her figgered out. Long as I keep outa trouble, ain't nobody gonna say a thing. All I gotta do is keep my nose clean.
Your pa tol' me you didn't ought to cross it if you're paroled. Says they'll send you up again.
Yes'm, that was it.
That's right. And douse some in it.
And they's some coffee here. I could fix him a cup...
Don't taste bad.
Wait. There's a half a bottle a soothin' sirup here.  It put the chillun to sleep.
I'm ready.
How about it, Ma?
Thank God. I--I don't want no mean son 
No, Ma. You don't have to worry about that.
Sometimes they do somethin' to you, Tommy. They hurt you--and you get mad--and then you get mean--and they hurt you again--and you get meaner, and meaner--till you ain't no boy or no man any more, but just a walkin' chunk a mean-mad. Did they hurt you like that, Tommy?
No, Ma I was at first--but not no more.
Sometimes they do.
Mad, Ma?
We *got* to, Tommy. But that's gonna be awright. I seen the han'bills, about how much work they is, an' high wages, too. But I gotta fin' out somepin' else first, Tommy.  Did they hurt you, son? Did they hurt you an' make you mean-mad?
Muley tol' me what happened, Ma. Are we goin' to California true?
I'd a found you, Ma.
I was so scared we was goin' away without you--and we'd never see each other again.
No, Ma. I'm paroled. I got my papers.
Thank God. Oh thank God.  Tommy, you didn't *bust* out, didya? You ain't got to hide, have you?
Well, give me two then, ma'am.
Oh, them? Well, no--them's *two* for a penny.
There, them stripy ones.
Which ones?
Go ahead--Bert says take it.
I don't wanta rob you, ma'am.
You can have this for ten cents.
Would you--could you see your way to cuttin' off ten cents worth?
This here's a fifteen-cent loaf.
You can't get no loaf a bread for a dime. We only got fifteen-cent loafs.
I shore would like to do that, ma'am, but the fack is, we ain't got but a dime for it. It's all figgered out, I mean--for the trip.
Whyn't you buy a san'wich? We got nice san'widges.
I know, ma'am... on'y it's for a ole lady, no teeth, gotta sof'n it with water so she can chew it, an' she's hongry.
This ain't a groc'ry store. We got bread to make san'widges with.
Could you see your way clear to sell us a loaf of bread, ma'am.
Yeah?
I don't think so. One come out here once an' I clipped him from behin' with a fence stake. They ain't bothered since.
Won't they come out here?
All you got to do is lay down an' watch.
You're *trespassin'*! It ain't you lan' no more! An' that's the supr'tendant--with a gun!
Hide out for what? We ain't doin' nothin'.
Listen!  That's them! Them lights! Come on, we got to hide out!
The rest of my fambly set out for the west--there wasn't nothin' to eat--but I couldn't leave. Somepin' wouldn't let me. So now I just wander around. Sleep wherever I am. I used to tell myself I was lookin' out for things, so when they come back ever'thing would be all right. But I knowed that wan't true. There ain't nothin' to look out for. And ain't nobody comin' back. They're gone-- and me, I'm just an 'ol graveyard ghost--that's all in the world I am.
But it don't seem possible--kicked off like that!
What was the use. He was right. There wasn't a thing in the world I could do about it.
They come. They come and pushed me off.
Well?
That's what I asked you, ain't it?
Some say I am.  You want to hear what happened?
Are you crazy?
Listen!  That's some of what done it--the dusters. Started it, anyway. Blowin' like this, year after year--blowin' the land away, blowin' the crops away, blowin' us away now.
But who done it?
Ever'body got to get off. Ever'body leavin', goin' to California. My folks, your folks, ever'body's folks.  Ever'body but me. I ain't gettin' off.
But what's happened?  How come they got to get off? We been here fifty years--same place.
Gone--  --over to your Uncle John's. The whole crowd of 'em, two weeks ago. But they can't stay there either, because John's got *his* notice to get off.
I know that! But *where* they gone?
They gone.
Muley! Where's my folks, Muley?
Tommy?
Well, I'm right here to tell you, mister, ain't *nobody* going to push me off *my* land! Grampa took up this land seventy years ago. My pa was born here. We was *all* born on it, and some of us got killed on it, and some died on it. And that's what makes it ourn--bein' born on it, and workin' it, and dyin' on it--and not no piece of paper with writin' on it! So just come on and try to push me off!
Brother, I don't know. If I did I'd tell you. But I just don't know *who's* to blame!
Then who *do* we shoot?
It ain't nobody. It's a company.
Who's the Shawnee Land and Cattle Comp'ny?
Now don't go blaming me. It ain't *my* fault.
You mean get off my own land?
I can't help that. All I know is I got my orders. They told me to tell you you got to get off, and that's what I'm telling you.
But we couldn't *do* on any less'n what our share is now.  The chillun ain't gettin' enough to eat as it is, and they're so ragged we'd be shamed if ever'body else's chillun wasn't the same way.
Fact of the matter, Muley, after what them dusters done to the land, the tenant system don't work no more. It don't even break even, much less show a profit. One man on a tractor can handle twelve or fourteen of these places. You just pay him a wage and take *all* the crop.
You're tootin' we're gonna stay. 
We gonna stay, ain't we?
Take 'er on down, Al. I'll sign.
No. I'm jus' gonna set awhile an' then go to bed.
Think I'll walk out an' try to fin' out what all that fuss outside the gate was. Anybody wanta come with me?
You wouldn't think jus' reachin' up an' pickin'd get you in the back.
Give 'im a fryin' pan. 
I ain't got nothin' in *my* han'.
Just in case. Sit up back an' if anybody tries to climb up--let 'im have it.
Me an' you both.
Ya know, you're the second fella talked like that. I'd like to hear some more about that.
I shore would like to stop here a while an' give her some res' but we on'y got 'bout forty dollars left. I won't feel right till we're there an' all workin' an' a little money comin' in.
She's jus' wore out, that's all.
How's Granma since we got her in the tent?
Got that desert yet. Gotta take her tonight. Take her in the daytime fella says she'll cut your gizzard out.
Casy, won't you say a few words?
Not be so lonesome, either, knowin' his name is there with 'im, not just' a old fella lonesome underground.
I figger best we leave something like this on him, lest somebody dig him up and make out he been kilt.  Lotta times looks like the gov'ment got more interest in a dead man than a live one.
California, here we come!
Here we go!
Ain't no whisky, is they?
Can't tie him. Either we'll hurt him or he'll git so mad he'll hurt his self.  Reckon we could git him *drunk*?
Either we got to tie him up and *throw* him on the truck, or somepin. He can't stay here.
Easy. After all, they ain't but about *twelve* of us, is they?
Sol' things, chopped cotton--even Grampa. Got us about two hunnerd dollars all tol'. Shucked out seventy- five for this truck, but we still got nearly a hunnerd and fifty to set out on. I figger we oughta be able to make it on that.
How you get all this money?
Why, she wasn't no more'n a kid when I went up.
That's Connie Rivers with her. They're married now.  She's due about three-four months.
Look at 'em! Same yella han'bill-- 800 pickers wanted. Awright, this man wants 800 men. So he prints up 5,000 a them han'bills an' maybe 20,000 people sees 'em. An' maybe two-three thousan' starts movin, wes' account a this han'bill. Two- three thousan' folks that's crazy with worry headin' out for 800 jobs! Does that make sense?
But what does *that* prove?
I ain't gonna fret you. Go on!
But what about this?
Awright, go on! Ain't nobody stoppin' ya!
Whatta you think you're talkin' about? I got a han'bill here says good wages, an' I seen it in the papers they need pickers!
We gonna take whatever they got.
Good wages, eh! Pickin' oranges an' peaches?
Maybe he'll be back. We'll leave word for him. Jus' don't cry. 
Tom, I jus' don't feel like nothin' a tall. Without him I jus' don't wanta live.
Cut it out, Pa. He'p Al with the truck.  Don't fret, honey. You goin' to be awright.
Aw, sure. This here's jus' a part of it. Ain't no sense a gettin' scairt right off.
Maybe it's nice on the other side. Them pitchers--them little pos'cards-- they was real pretty.
You do not see either!--not yet!
If this don't beat all!  Well, I see you been busy already!
Heh'o Tom.  This is Connie, my husband.
I won't--  --if you won't tell what *I* done!
Please don't.
Lissen. You done busted it. You hear?  But lissen here. I won't tell nobody, y'understan'?
I never knowed it! All I done was pull that string!
Keep qui'te, will ya! Shet your mouth!
Lemme go! I didn't go to do it!
Won't they ketch us?
Come on. Ain't nobody gonna say anything.
It's them white things, made outa dish-stuff, like in the catalogues!
Whatsa matter?
Git up. I got sump'n to show you.
Some, I guess, but mos'ly cow bones.
Man bones?
Tom says if it's day it'll cut you gizzard smack out a you.  I seen a pitcher once. They was bones ever'place.
I wisht it was day.
This here's the desert an' we're right in it!
I never--
Now you done it! You busted it!
Now don't you go monk'ing--
What's this?
I seen 'em b'fore you did.
Jes' like in the catalogues, ain't they!
Well, I reckon you *stan'* in them little rooms--an' water come down outa that there little jigger up there--take a bath!
What's these?
Well, there's plenty of work for you about forty miles north, this road just outside Pixley. Turn east on 32 and look for Hooper's ranch. Tell 'em Spencer sent you.
We can pick anything.
Can you pick peaches?
Mister, we're lookin' even under boards for work.
You people looking for work?
Morning.
Morning.
Ain't gonna get outa han'.
Awright. An' if she gets outa han', I'll be in the right han' corner, this side the dance floor.
Yes, sir.
You ain't to hurt them fellas.
Ain't gonna be no trouble.
You sure you got ever'thing ready?
Shore looks like my lucky day, anyway. Gettin' some work at las'.
Lotta these little farmers mighty nice fellas. Trouble is they're little, they ain't got much say-so.
Sometimes we sell them to McDonald's and just change them to special barbecue sauce.
--No.
You know those horsey biscuit gravy packets? I move all of those--
--Stop it--
I sell biscuits and gravy all over the Southland--
You're so funny...
It's what I do.
You do not.
I sell biscuits to the Southland.
What do you do?
Yeah...
Oh... really?
In the corporate offices.
You don't...
Yes I do.
You do not.
I work at Kentucky Fried Chicken.
But wait. I still don't understand what you do.
Whatever I can get away with.
So, what are you doing now?
Wonderful.
We had pictures put on, that way everybody knows who everybody was!
Don't say that.
Marty, you haven't changed a bit!
I'm Martin Blank.
Welcome back! I'm Arlene Oslott- Joseph.
Sure. Listen. Why don't you join us up in the grandstands?
Remember high school?
Not much, actually. My software company just went public so I'm just... hanging out, really.
I sell BMW's. What do you do?
Yeah... Hey, I saw you at your dad's dealership the other day.
Computer guy.
I'm Dan. Dan Koretzky.
What?
Bob. Bob Destephano.
Then express yourself, Bob.
I want to be an actor.
What do you want to do?
What am I gonna do?
You could've been a contender, huh?
Ahhh... it's all fucked up. Nothing adds up to nothing... you work your whole life, day in and day out-- try to make sense of it all. One day you're twenty-seven and what do you get to show for it...
Really?
Never better.
Fine, Bob. How are you?
So. You and Debi. Gonna hit that shit again?
Okay. See you later.
Really...? So what?
It's me. Martin Blank.
What?
Bob...
Overflowing with love.
Jesus...
To make a long story short...
Insane.
Basically the same thing. In a very evolved, esoteric way.
A Jew, a shaman, and a herbalist are telling you the same thing? You're insane.
That's a tragedy. Can I finish my story please? I began my search for meaning. I was a Catholic, Jew, Scientologist, Sufi, Buddhist. I went to a Psychologist, psychiatrist, herbalist, nutritionist, a shaman, and a psychic. And they all pretty much say the same stuff.
It seemed like my life was slipping away, somehow. I was a knot in the middle of a wet rope. Everything was futile and nothing had value.
He gets this way when he hits over eighty-five.
I'd come to the realization that everything I'd based my life on was false. And that my life had no meaning.
Correct.  That's for you. Keep it.
And these pan pizzas have opened up the doors to heaven?
Yes.
So you eat-- read it everyday?
You open 'em up and there's the sayings, stories, little bites of insight. It's the P.P.P. Six Day Week.
Oh I see. You got your individual slices of hope, dignity, confidence, self-love, justice, and harmony.
Other people can't.
I have no illusions about the future. What is, is. We make choices. And we become the sum total of our choices. I can live with that.
You kill people. 
That's because I speak human, and you speak monster.
You don't understand...
You don't get to have me. You are a monster, I'm a human being. We're not going to mate.
I'll hide.
What if I come back?
I'm staying here.
Will you come with me?
That's probably a good idea.
I was leaving.
You never could have kept this from me.
A sociopath kills for no reason. I kill for money.
Let me help you along, Martin. You're a sociopath!
Like, that there's a point? An organic connection between all living things.
Okay. Great, Martin, that's just great. Meaning to life... Mmm....
Then I started losing my taste for it. Which usually means your time is up. But then I realized it was something entirely different... I started getting the sneaking, dark suspicion that maybe there was... meaning to life.
Jesus Christ!
I was, but no... yes... I was before, but now I'm not. It's irrelevant, really. The idea of governments, nations, it's mostly a public relations theory at this point, anyway. But I'll tell you something, until about five months ago, I really enjoyed my work.
You're a government spook?
Seriously, when I left, I joined the Army and took the service exam. They found my psych results fit a certain profile. A certain "Moral flexibility" would be the best way to describe it... I was loaned out to a CIA- sponsored program. It's called "mechanical operations." We sort of found each other...
Get the fuck outta here.
...About five years now.
It's something I do...
Is it something you've done?
No.
Not the other way around...?
Yes.
He was trying to kill you, right!
Could be. The physical substance of love.
Like love?
Too junky-kitschy. Deeper, deeper.
Like heroin?
Even though I left, you never left me. Not just memory but a substance in my blood.
Okay, then. Clearly candied Diller.
No time.
Wow. I have to give this some thought.
It's just a game...! Alright. Candied Diller, or... wear a hot pork vest across the desert with a fully digested crab apple in your mouth?
--She's not dead---
Soft. I'll take the junkie otter, clearly! I'd let the little beast scratch and claw all he wants... Okay. Would you rather make love to the candied corpse of Phyllis Diller--
Okay... Would you rather... commit yourself sexually to a four-by-nine cell with former President George Herbert Walker Bush dressed as a super-model for a month, or make love to a otter on crank for a week?
Which would you rather...?
We haven't seen each other since high school.
--Yes. Actually we just bought that little Frank Lloyd Wright on Pine Avenue... Debi's a social worker and I mow down insurance claims at Aetna--
What?
Shoulda brought my gun.
Right.
I think they'll probably have booze there.
Do you want to get a drink first?
I'll just help myself to a cocktail.
...Let me get my coat.
Okay... Hold on...
You look beautiful.
Here. Let me put these in some rubbing alcohol.
As long as I get the laugh.
Flowers. That's funny.
Don't rush to judgement until all the facts are in.
You're fucking psycho.
This night, this reunion will be an important step in our relationship.
Hello...?
Pick me up at my father's house at around seven. And don't be late this time.
Yes.
Are you there?
I'll think about it.
Seven it is.
Unbelievable.
Yes.
Let me get this straight, are you asking me out?
I figured I could pick you up tomorrow around seven o'clock.
That'd be good.
It's a swift spiritual kick to the head that alters your reality forever.
What's that?
Jesus. Marty. You're pathetic. It sounds like you need a Shockabuku.
Bad television.
Watched television?
Bad people.
You met people.
Bad experiences.
I'm sure you've done worthwhile things in the last ten years. You've had experiences.
Well, there's not much to tell.
Okay. Let's catch up. You go first.
Yep.
It's always the little things.
Well, you'll have a ball. You seem to have everything everybody wants when they go back. The car, the suit, the watch. The look. That just leaves the little things, like happiness, character, point of view...
That's part of it.
No. I'm not going. Is that why you're here?
Are you going to the reunion?
Uh, no. So you're back now, a decade later, and you want to sort things out with me. The question now is, do I allow you... access... to my being?
You see someone?
Ohhh. You're in therapy too, Marty?
--and I guess, sure, seeing you would be part of that whole equation... I suppose the most important thing, really. I don't know. Anyway, this whole thing's my therapist's idea. It's my shrink, really.
--Torn down in the name of convenience--
I don't know exactly. I could venture a guess but it would sound like a rationalization... I thought you know... maybe seeing you, some friends, my house... of course now a 7-11--
More like what happened? What happened, Mr. Blank?
Where have I been?
All right mystery man. I want some answers. Let's recap. Spring of '84. Two young lovers with frightening natural chemistry. The girl sits in a seven-hundred dollar prom dress at her father's house waiting for the most romantic night of her young life. The boy never shows up, until now. So, what's the question?
Okay.
Well, I gotta go. But I'll come back.
Professional killer. Do you get dental with that?
I'm a professional killer.
What's your business?
Not much else.
That's it?
I'm in California most of the time. Traveling a lot on business. That's about it, really.
Tell me about yourself.
Here is now there. There is here.
Well, let me see... they tore down the George Orwell monument and put up a bust of George Michael. Main Street's a four-laner, no left turns four to seven. I was married and divorced. And Grosse Pointe is now officially the new sister city to Lower Hutt, New Zealand. We have fiber-optic town meetings every two months.
Ten years, I think. What I miss?
Since you stood me up on prom night and vanished without saying a word?
How long has it been?
It's nice to see you again.
I just play my own collection.
This is me breating.
Take a deep breath and realize, that this is me breathing.
...I am at home with the me. I am rooted in me, who is on this adventure.
Out Loud?
Okay. Repeat this after me.
Saw my mom... I'm with Debi, and I'm on my way to the reunion.
What else? Say more.
If I get antsy I'll kill a few small animals.
Go to your reunion, Martin. See those people and discover what they mean to you. Try not to kill anybody for a few days, see how you feel.
Morality.
What stuff?
If I show up at your door, chances are you did something to bring me there. I don't care about that stuff, anyway.
Maybe some of the discomfort you're feeling is... guilt. Remorse. Over the innocent people you've killed.
Anyway, that never use to happen. I was always the prodigy. Now I'm just one of the guys.
Uneasy. Dispassionate. Bored. It's just getting hard to go to work in a good mood. I'm starting to think I've been in the business too long. Last week I did a guy younger than me.
And how have you been feeling about your... work lately?
Mmm.
Yes.
So you're saying that Ulysses-- everything he said to his queen when he came back--everything was a lie? He just wanted to fuck around?
I think what you fear Martin is domesticity. It's the greatest fear that men have who belong to Western Culture. It's centuries old. Like King Phillip, in the 11th or 12th century who decided one day that he was so bored with his dreary life at home with his wife he thought, "Well, wouldn't it be great if we hit the road and fought... oh... the Saracens."  So he put the word out and was amazed when a million men signed up and all of them wanted to go and fight in distant lands and do terrible things to people rather than stay at home with their families.
We're both professionals, Oatman.
You know where I live?
Why not. I trust you. You couldn't turn me in because of Doctor-Patient privilege... and I don't want to be "withholding"... and I know where you live.
You needn't be so frank with me about your work.
They'll have husbands and wives and children and houses and dogs.... made themselves a part of something. And they can talk about what they do. What am I going to say?  "I killed the President of Paraguay with a fork."
Say more.
I just know.
How do you know?
Tell me about your vision of the reunion.
Shouldn't you be taking notes?
We've spent a lot of time discussing those years. Remember we said that fear is a transfer of the bodily hurt associated by experience with the thing feared, to the thought of the thing. Thus we fear a dog without distinctly imagining its bite.
Come on.
You went to school with these people.
It's in Michigan. Honestly, what do I have in common with those people? Or with anyone?
Why don't you want to go to your high school reunion?
And when you think of it, it's not so surprising that a small group of people control the whole world, is it?
Up on the right.
I am part of a network of minds, a group of five people who are all connected, over hundreds, even thousands of miles, through the mind. We can think with each other, think for each other. I can be driving somewhere, sleeping with a woman-- whatever it is-- and at the same time be thinking a thought in someone else's mind, far away. Running someone else's brain.
Because your problem is you're bored. And you have a very big mind.  I am part of what I call a brain syndicate.
Okay.
I been looking at you, and I've decided that I want to share something with you.
It's only natural....
Sometimes I am. Sometimes. It's only natural.
Well, let's just say that sometimes I'm right. Sometimes you are.
No.
You look like you're far away. Far away and thinking about other things. I'm right about that, aren't I?
I do. Some guys can't adjust to it; they can't handle it.
You understand the psychology of the job.
That's it then. That's it. I've always been alone. That's why I'm a good driver. I can handle it. See, I can think on my feet. I survive, I'm a thinker. And I can sit there in front of your house for two hours and it don't bother me. Some people can't do it! Some people are ranting and raving, "Tell them fuckin' people to get out here and get in this car, I can't-- I want a go!" Where you gonna go? You're gonna wind up back in your garage at seven o'clock at night. You ain't going nowhere. You leave your house in the morning you get back to your house in the evening. What's the big deal, right?
I work alone.
Do you like the people you work with?
Effective. But to tell you the truth, I've lost my passion for work.
How was your day, today, sir?
Excellent. Here they come.
There you go. I left it blank.
Okay.
...How about I sell you two rounds for a hundred grand a piece?
Don't listen to him, he's a professional.
I know what I do isn't moral, per se, but if you could just look past that, you'd see a man worth loving.
It's okay. It's Martin The door begins to open revealing Debi and Newberry.
Nice talk, Sugarmouth.
Yeah-- after I shoot you through the fucking forehead I'm gonna fuck you in the bullethole.
Is that right?
Fine. But we're not going to let you do your job. Because we're gonna do it. And then, after we do your job, we're gonna do another little job...
No deal.
I didn't get into this business to have "associates." And I don't want to join your Goddamned union. "Loner-- " "Loner gunman." Get it? "On my own." That's the whole point. Why don't you become a cop, or something. You can drink coffee in the morning... with friends!
But since we're both here, I think it's time to take a fresh look at our relationship.
Hard to get good help these days.
I told them to kill you and they didn't.
A little misunderstanding among my associates.
No harm no foul.
Come on, live a little. I'm sorry about the incident yesterday.
Whole-grain pancakes. And an egg- white omelette.
I want two eggs poached, hash brown well-done. English muffin for the bread. And a coffee.
I'm gonna get you, kid.
Not me. So don't paw at me with your dirty little guild.
It's a free-market evolution. You'll wake up to it... c'mon Kid. We used to run together when you were a rookie. I don't want to run against you. This thing's real. Everybody's in.
And you could be... sort of like... a father figure to me....
We could be working together, making big money, killing important people... I'm willing to let you in on the ground floor.
Thank you, no.
Like a club. Work less, make more.
Like a union?
I'm setting up a concern that would enable those of us in our rarefied profession to consolidate our efforts.
What do you want?
I guess.
The more things change, the more they Goddamned well stay the same.
Nope.
Have you seen Debi Newberry?
Here. Take my card. Wait a minute... here's a special one. For top-shelf clients.
Well... I have to take this over to Debi.
Those all seem kind of related...
Sometimes. I'm in divorce, mainly. Some property. Some personal injury.
That sounds pretty interesting...
I'm an attorney. I'm with Moss, Brice & Fromeyer.
Hey, Bob.
Hello, Bob.
Not bad. You?
Hello Martin. How have you been?
Hey, Ken. How have you been?
Good. For a second there I thought we were in trouble.
No...
Did you see Blank in there?
I get it.
If he does our job, he's our job.
Looks like someone keeps trying to do our job for us.
I love. I kill.
One cannot love and kill.
You're wrong. Look at his face.
He using her.
He's falling for her. Look at him.
Yup.
So if we do his job, we're the bad guys. If we do our job, we're the good guys.
-Look. You want to kill a Good Guy, but not be a Bad Guy, you wait until a Bad Guy kills the Good Guy, and then you come in and kill the Bad Guy, and then you're the Good Guy.
Wait a minute--
Do his job? I'm not a cold-blooded killer.
Why don't we just do his job then, so we can do our job, and get the fuck out of here.
We can't do our job unless he does his job.
I wish he'd do his job already so we could do our job.
Whatever.
It was the PLO.
That's strictly Bader-Meinhof stuff.
--Yes. And the Munich Olympics in '72. A local radio station started broadcasting news of the massacre two minutes before it happened.
--Nooo--
Well, remember when Frysal's men paid off the Deejay in Cairo to announce a bogus press conference in the --
I don't think so.
Well?
In fact, I think I talked with him, in Bonn.
Here's the news: He hasn't been in Portugal since '90. I know that from the file. Why don't you read the file, man?
In Portugal, yes.
Lisbon?
Seventeen months ago I was posting a walk in Lisbon, and he was there. He never saw me. But I saw him, though.
You always say that. You always say that. I'm telling you, you never met the man.
Will do.
Okay, call them. Fine. Oh-- And if you could find out why they double- booked the job, and who is trying to kill me, and call me back-- that's be great.
I'll call them and tell them you're taking your time. Being a professional.
Tell them my house exploded.
I have to call the client and give them a reason why you're late.
Yes. It's the same as usual. Nothing remarkable about it at all.
You have.
I've looked at it.
You haven't looked at the dossier.
It's fine.
What's it look like?
I'll do it tomorrow.
This is not good.
See you next week.
Don't forget your identity.
Paperwork on the Detroit thing. It's a full dossier. Very comprehensive.
I have scruples. Next.
But it's a Greenpeace boat. It'd be so easy.
Never enough.
Enough?
Mmm, not really. But you're gonna love this one.
Good. What else? Anything interesting?
I liquidated the last account in Zurich, and split it into two new ones in Estonia.
There's nothing to be done about it.
And sir, I also get that broken- mirror, black-cat, Friday-the- thirteenth kind of feeling about this one....
Intractable, sir. You leave tonight.
Would you describe their position as inflexible?
They were very upset.
Tell them that's impossible. I need my normal lead time.
In Detroit. This weekend.
And they want me to make up for it.
They blame you for the compromise.
He didn't.
They say their friend was suppose to have a heart attack and die in his sleep.
I'm not happy.
They're not happy, sir.
I'll pay.
That's going to cost.
And not show it to me. Ever again.
All of it?
Tedious. I now authorize you to throw away all personal mail.
It's from one of those P.O. Boxes. How was the trip?
Don't tease me. You know what I do for a living.
This?
Throw that away.
Patch him through....
Wait. I have Mr. Grocer for you.
...Tell them that's not my problem. I was paid for one job-- the cyclist-- not two. See you tomorrow, Marcella.
I have always thought about her and missed her.
And a leader. Didn't she meet Castro on foreign exchange?
Yeah...
Take care of her. She's a keeper.
I can't think of anything to say to her that seems appropriate given I left and never said goodbye to her.
Of course you will.
I think I'll go see Debi today.
Why don't you return this car and borrow mine? Have Debi follow you to the rent-a-car so you can get a ride back.
Yeah. I guess we did.
We had a good laugh, didn't we?
You don't have a headache. I have a headache.
No, I don't have one.
I have a headache. You have a headache?
You have a headache?
Yes, they give me headaches. I have a headache.
They told me you're taking lithium, mom.
Nature made him then broke the mold.
I imagine that'd be rather difficult.
I spoke to your father the other day.
It's good to see you. I'm sure you're curious about what I've been doing.
His assistant. He acted like Marlin's son, only he wasn't. At least they never said he was... I bet they were lovers, faggots. Yes, gay lovers. Wild Kingdom my ass!
Jim?
Marlin Perkins and Jim!
It's a place where religious people--
What's a revival tent?
That's wonderful, Mom.
I bought a new rug.
See you in ten years.
When you see Debi, tell her I'm sorry.
Work's good for the soul.
I have to get my head back into my work.
That's too bad.
It didn't work out.
As long as you had a good time.
I was catching up with Bob Destephano.
What the hell happened to you?
Mein Dealer.
He gave me a great deal.
How could you put your hard-earned dollars into the hands of the class bully?
He sold me this bad boy.
He sells BMW's?
Thank you.
I freaked out, joined the Army, worked for the government, and went into business for myself... I'm a professional killer.
Ten years. What happened!?
No.
Yeah, but it's still kind of eerie, isn't it?
No. You drove us here.
Kind of crept up on you, didn't it?
Debi's house.
You too.
God it's great to see you.
Fair enough.
Same thing that happened to you-- I stopped poutin' there on the sidelines. Got in. Got on the team. I joined the working week, you slick fucking asshole, so why don't you valet park your high horse and take it easy on your old buddy, Paul.
So what happened to you?
You're leaving me hanging here...
Paul?
Marty! It's me. Paul.
Wow.
Well, they were hiring, and it was only a two week course...
How did you get this job?
To shoot you. Correct.
So it's not a meaningful symbol, or anything. That badge is just the badge of your company. If I look suspicious on your customers' property-- well, under those heightened circumstances you have the authority to, ah... To shoot me.
Well, a 'course, taxes provide your basic service-- police and whatnot. But our customers need a little more than just that, you understand? This badge doesn't mean that I am a peace officer.
So when are you authorized to use deadly force?
That's good.
I'm a professional killer.
So what are you doing with your life now, son?
Why not?
Oh, you know me, Martin. I'm the same old sell-out baby-boomer, exploiting the oppressed I got shot for at Kent State. But why don't we have a drink and forget the whole thing?
I took the other road. I'm more of a self-reflective young lion who does business with lead-pipe cruelty and goes home to drink light beer in milky-eyes isolation. I love sports and sex and have no real relationships with anyone. And you?
I visualized you, in a haze, as one of the slackster, flannel-wearing, coffeehouse-misanthropes I've been seeing in Newsweek.
How's that?
Martin, I don't know where you've been since you abandoned my daughter ten years ago, and I don't care. It was good that you left, and I'm glad you did. So what do you want to talk about? You've grown up a bit. Maybe I had you figured wrong.
How are you? How's business?
Good evening, Mr. Blank.
Good evening, Mr. Newberry.
Why?
The point was to love each other.
Then what have we been doing? I mean what was the point?
Why?
I don't know any other way, Annie.
How thoughtful of you. And what if I decide not to go?
I figured, whenever you decided to go, you'd be all set.
I can't do this. I can't leave you...
Two people can't just be alone together in the world. At least not us...
I don't care! We'd be together.
Summers are short here, Annie. There isn't much of a fall. Before you know it, the roads are closed... the nights get long.
One more time.
Annie!
Show me again.
Ssshhh...  Stand still, Annie. Takes what we've got, just for now. Can you do that?
Oh, God, what are we going to do? I'm supposed to --
I won't ask you to.
I won't apologize for this. And I won't hide it. Not for anybody.
What?!
Now, listen. I want you to stand on him.
Tom.
This is Mr. Booker, Robert.
Huh?
You missed a button.
Ha, ha... all right, well, uh I guess you can bring out the pasta.
I am comfortable.
Just make yourself comfortable.
Not really. I'd forgotten how long it's been since I've done this. And I couldn't get any Parmesan cheese.
Everything under control?
How did you find out all that?
Yeah, I think it is. And I don't mean everybody's got to be married, have kids -- It's more like, knowing where you're from, where you belong, what feeds you, where you can go no matter what happens... Knowing what you're supposed to be doing while you're here.
That's very important to you, isn't it? Home.
I hear that! See, I knew she was never going to be a ranchest, but I wanted to try -- I thought maybe she'd give music lessons to the kids in town or at the school, maybe even recitals. My son would grow up here. Maybe have one or two more. I'd teach 'em what I could. They'd play with my brother's kids. All grow up together. And even if they all decided to go out into the world, they'd always know where home was -- cause we'd keep it for 'em...
We did at one point. When we thought we'd have more children. And we after tried. We tried everything, but... wasn't meant to be.
Ever think of moving there full time?
It is. It's lovely.
Grace told me you have a country house in Connecticut. Sounds like a beautiful place.
She was never really happy here. She did the best she could.
Why didn't it work out?
College. In Illinois. She was playing the cello. I hadn't heard cello music growing up. She had the reddest hair, the bluest eyes. When she played, it was...
How did you meet her?
Yeah. I haven't seen him in a while. He used to come to the ranch over summers, but then he started having friends and was going off to college, so... Good boy. Hal. Lives in New York near his mom.
Son?
Five years. My son was born here.
How long did you live here with your wife?
OK.
You look all right. You want to pick it up a little?
Yeah.
Feel good?
Thanks.
Well, he don't know that. Just sit the horse.  Good... You have a nice seat.
Actually, I never rode Western. I'm sorry. Go ahead.
OK. I'll stop talking then.
Yeah, it's been a while, but I... I remember the basic ideas...
Relax our center... It's just sitting in a bucket.
No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra.
Is this how you're going to make me pay my phone bill?
He'd be grateful, he'd take real good care with you.
Poor thing.
You haven't heard the question yet. Truth is, you'd be doing me a favor. I got all these eager young colts need riding and poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of left out...
The answer's no.
I can handle it!
Need a lift?
Shit.
You too.
Enjoy the day.
Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like to try riding again, some time before you go home.
Are you shy, Mr. Booker?
She did?
Why don't you ride anymore? Grace told me you used to ride when she was younger.
He's beautiful.
Oh yes. I forgot.
It's all right. He's young. Just hold out your hand a little lower so he can get the smell of you.
I have a way with animals.
I thought you were an editor, not a reporter?
I thought you lived in Chicago?
Sorry about that. I thought everything got cleared out. R.B. is my wife... ex-wife... Rachel. We used to live in that house together.
I found this old cello case filled with bills and receipts.
I don't sleep all right anywhere. But the house is fine.
You sleeping all right in that house?
If I can survive rush hour, I figure I can handle grizzlies...
Lucky for you. The grizzlies around here only go for joggers.
I don't jog, Mr. Booker. I run.
A jogger, huh?
I've decided it's impossible to properly say hello in this place without a hat.
Just who's been laughing at who here?
Well, I, uh... you didn't...
I once heard Itzhak Perlman guest star with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. He played Rachmaninov's Vocalize Opus 34. No. 14. It was one of the most beautiful pieces of music I ever heard. I actually forgot where I was for a time.  You seem surprised?
You were married to a woman in Chicago?
When I was first married.
You lived in Chicago?
Does Chicago count?
Ha... if you've never lived in a city with museums, theater, music, restaurants, uh... god, a million things, then it's something I can't explain.
What's that to miss?
Well... It's beautiful country, I'll give you that. And I could see having some kind of vacation place. Retreat. But I don't know how you do it full time. Don't you miss the rest of the world?
Well, maybe I am laughing a bit... I just thought, as long as you're here, it would be nice for you to relax into the place a little.
It's a man's world, Mr. Booker. Most women have to.
Oh, I see, you write both sides of the conversation?
That's your cue to say you're not laughing at me.
You stand still too long in New York you get hit by a bicycle messenger.  You know, sometimes, I get the feeling, Mr. Booker, that you're laughing at me. Why is that?
You ever just stand still for a minute?
What?
Don't be so sure it's my last. There are a few people back home I'd like to put under a red hot iron.
So how was your first and last day of branding?
It is cocktail hour yet?
You okay?
Branding?  I haven't branded in years.
You know, we're branding here tomorrow. If you two want to come by to watch or give a hand, you're welcome.
That's up to Pilgrim.
Well, it's worth it, really? I mean, how much longer do you think you need to work with Pilgrim?
I don't have a problem with that. It's up to Annie.
Excuse me, with all due respect, but this is her decision, not yours. And I don't want to waste anybody's time -- mostly mine.
Look, I'll talk to Grace and call you later--
You can make it as complicated or as easy as you like. But she's the one who's gonna be riding him, am I right? So here's the deal. I'm not sure I can do anything, but I'm prepared to give it a go --  -- if you'll help.  You have a problem with that?
Well, that'll be a little complicated --
When I work with a horse, it's no good just me doing it. It doesn't work that way. The owner needs to be involved too.
Grace?... Grace, you want to come with us, take a look at Pilgrim?
Doesn't matter.
You want us to come with you? I just have to run to the main house and give Mr. Peterson a check.
Uh, no. I was gonna take a look now.
Look! Please! Don't do the "shucks, ma'am" thing again!  I've driven a few thousand miles for a few minutes of your time. I've brought him here -- to your neck of the...  -- mountains. Just take a look at him. If you still feel the same way, I'll be on the road by morning and you'll never see me again. OK? Deal?
I uh... ha, ha... I don't think I ever met a lady quite like yourself and I appreciate all the pains you've gone through to --
All by yourself?
Well... yes... I had a trailer. It's not like I made him run along side of the car.
You mean you hauled him all the way out here? Just like that?
Oh no. She's here. I brought him along. And my daughter, too. We're staying at Peterson's...
Were you thinking of personally driving me back East?
Well... OK... here it is... Uh... I'd like you to take a look at my horse. Now -- it won't take long and if, after that, you still don't feel...
Plenty of signs -- just none of them printed. Who do I get the idea you're not just passing through!
It's, uh... beautiful country. I had a little bit of a hard time finding the place. There are no signs.
I am very sorry, ma'am. Goodbye now.
Mr. Booker, if I could just ex --
I, I don't mean to sound insensitive. I understand your situation. But there's nothing I can do. You just called the wrong person, that's all. I hear there are a bunch of therapists in New York. Maybe you should call one of them.
Ma'am, first class to Montana is a waste of good money. Now, am I being too polite here or when I say NO in Utah, does that mean YES in New York City?
I'll pay you for your fare. I'll send you to Montana first class.
Look, even if it was nearer, that's just not what I do. I give clinics. And I'm not even doing them for a while. I'm heading back to Montana right now. I got a ranch to take care of...
Well, if you could just come for the day. New York's only a few hours by plane, I'd have you home by dinner...
Ma'am, I'm very sorry about your problems and I appreciate what your daughter must be going through, but I'm afraid you've misunderstood whatever it is you read. I don't do that sort of thing.
Well, you know, however you want to put it -- I got your information from the publisher of the article. I called Montana and your sister-in-law, I think, gave me this number.  I'm been hot on your trail you could say because I was hoping you'd consider coming to New York and taking a look at my daughter's horse and possibly --
Well, see, truth is, ma'am, I help horses with people's problems.
I went on the Internet and found this article about you... It says you're a Horse Whisperer, that you... you help people with horse problems. And you have quite a success rate when it comes to traumatized --
Yeah. Hello. This is Tom Booker. I got a message you called.
This is Annie MacLean.
Go ahead...
Great!
Hi.
Good.
How's everything?
So do you.
Oh, I miss you. You look beautiful.
Well... honey... you know... that's just not his way. Maybe you can write him a letter or something. Say thank you... Don't think about it... You take care and I'll see you home.
Smokey told me he left last night to look at some horses in Sheriden. He won't be back for three days. I can't believe he didn't want to say goodbye.
Tom's gone.
What's the matter, honey? Gonna miss Pilgrim?
Wait till you see this -- we have the whole house to ourselves...
Let's bring your bags inside.
Sure.
Uh, nothing. I'm going to pick it up in the other room -- would you hang this up for me?
Who is it?
So special. Because I was the only one. You both wanted me to be so good at everything, so perfect and I wasn't. I was just me. And now I've completely ruined everything, anyway...
What?
I'm sorry... about what I said. It's just that -- all those times you and Daddy were trying for another kid, I... I used to pray at night that it would work. And not because of you guys or that I wanted a brother or sister... but... just so I wouldn't have to be...
Because you are... one of the most... incredible, bravest, most beautiful woman I have ever met. The efforts you make. Your courage and your dignity.  I don't know where you got it? I honestly don't know how I would have handled all this if I were you.
Why should they?
That's not true.
Who's ever going to want me? Nobody will.
What?... Oh baby...
Who's going to want me now?
I felt it happen downstairs and when I went into the bathroom.
When? Tonight?
My period.
Started what?
I said... I started.
What did you say?
LEAVE ME ALONE!!
Well, then I do apologize... But what I'm most sorry for is turning you into a spoiled brat who can only think about what she's feeling... who can't admit when she's wrong and who can't forgive when she's not.
Yeah, well, you've done a great job.
Listen, if... if there's a part of you as parent that... that takes pride in your child -- that, you can look at them and see something you've accomplished as well... if that's wrong, then I'm sorry.  But it wasn't my intention. I don't push for me. I do it for you... So you don't waste half your life feeling like you don't know where you belong.
FOR YOU! Because I'm your daughter which means you're the best mother! Isn't that what you're always talking about in interviews -- having it all, the great career, the great family... Proving everybody wrong. Wanting everybody to think you're this perfect woman!
I don't deserve that. I have never looked at you as a disappointment. If I'm on your back to do better, if I push you to try harder it's because I want you to be the best you can be.
Well, now you know what it feels like.
WHAT?! How can you --  I'm sorry if my friendship with Tom bothers you so much, but I happen to value having someone to talk to, especially when my own daughter ignores me night and day because no matter what I say, it's wrong and no matter what I do, it's wrong... I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment to you.
NO, YOU STOP IT! Stop pretending like you care! Like this really isn't about you and Tom.
STOP IT! Why can't I talk to you!!
Yeah, you know everything!!
Look, I just wanted to say, I think it's great you're riding again. And... and I think I know why you, you needed to do it alone... without anyone knowing...
Tom?
I was just trying to say thank you to Diane and Frank and --
I can't remember the last time you made him dinner.
Grace, I don't hate your father.
You... not wanting to go home because you hate daddy so much.
What are you talking about?
... You worried everything all right now and we'll have to go home?
Honey, nobody's trying to cure you --
Yeah. Does that mean I'm cured?!
Well...  So you tried riding again?
About what?
Grace? Is everything all right?  Can we talk?
Did you go riding?
Nothing.
Thanks, honey.
I'll take care of it.
Does anybody out there want something to drink?
You're right. Good.
Mom, they don't mind eating with one fork.
Well, one was for salad...
I thought there were too many forks on the table.
Uh, I don't, honey. Branding? Oooh... I think we'd just be in Mr. Booker's way.
I'll come.
No. I just thought... forget it.
Why? There's no food in the house?
Honey, come on. Would you like to stay in town for dinner? Maybe see what movie's playing tonight?
If I had everything I need, I wouldn't be going to physical therapy.
You got everything you need?
Yeah, he's going to think about it. You want me to pack for you?
Did he mention it?
You already did.
Did you ask him to come visit?
Hi.
We'll have more room because we're moving onto the ranch. They have this empty house near this creek. It's actually pretty... OK... I love you.  Dad wants to talk to you.
I think they call it a pasture.
He's still sitting in that damn field.
I didn't see it.
There was supposed to be a turn off. Did I miss it?
What would they say? "Ten miles to big rock." "Twenty miles to bigger rock."
Don't they believe in signs here?
Gee, this looks like a fun place.
Little.
You buckled up?  You cold?
No, you just act like you do.
It's... it's not that simple to explain. I know you think it is, but it's not. The truth is, I don't really know what I want to do. I don't have all the answers.
Then why do you want to leave?
That's not true!
He doesn't have to! It's, like, so obvious you can't stand him.
Did he tell you that?
You're amazing! You act like I don't live in that house! Don't you think I hear the two of you!? Don't you think I can tell what's going on? I'm not five years old, Mom!  You want to divorce Daddy and Daddy doesn't want to.
That's not true! Whatever problems your father and I are having, have nothing to do with this.
You just want to get away from Daddy and you're using me to do it!
I don't believe this!
Bullshit! It's about you! About you deciding! About you always being right! You always getting everything your way, controlling everybody -- like we work for you or something!
Who do you think I'm doing this for? I'm doing this for you!
What are you asking me for? You didn't ask me if I wanted to come in the first place -- now I get to decide? Forget it!
Do you want us to turn around and go back home? Do you?
You know what I mean?  Is this it now? Is this the way we're going to be from now on?
What?
How long is this going to go on?
You were never thirteen, Mom.
This'll be nice. We haven't seen any of the sights yet. It's history. When I was thirteen I used to love seeing things like this.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Would you like to see that?
You don't.
I didn't know I had to.
Oh. You didn't tell me.
I already did.  This morning. When you went running.
You should call your dad before it gets too late.
Fine.
Fine!
Whatever you want.
IT'S ALMOST LUNCHTIME. ARE YOU HUNGRY!?
I don't care.
Look, if you want to take it in the morning, that's fine.
-- enough time tomorrow. I know.
No, I don't mean you have to. It's just that we may not have enough --
Fine -- I'll take my bath.
You want to take your bath?  We have to get up early tomorrow. You may not have enough time to --
I mean, I'm not much use anymore. Why can't they be compassionate to me?
What?
Maybe they should put me down too.
Yeah?
Mom?
I think that's... very compassionate and... mature way of looking at it.
I think we should. It's not fair to let him suffer. He's not much use anymore. He'd hate living like that.
Well... how you feel all right about telling Liz to put him down...
What about him?
Have you decided about Pilgrim?
Doesn't matter.
Grace, I put it on the table near your --
No, you didn't.
I brought it to you in the hospital.
I can't find that charm Daddy gave me from India.
It's still early. What's your next class?
Fine!
You are not staying home all day feeling sorry for yourself. You're going to get up and you're going to figure this out.
Is that your version of a pep talk?
Grace, listen to me. Your body is just healing. You have to give the rest of you time as well...
I'm not coming back! That's it! I want to go home!
Oh. Well, what are you going to do? You have to go to school, honey. I mean, what --
Doesn't matter. I... I don't want to come back, that's all.
Oh, honey... What happened?
Okay.
Dad'll pick you up today, all right?
I don't want to lie down. I've been lying down enough.
Why don't you go lie down?
I can't even get out of bed yet! You're already putting me in therapy!!
Liz is taking care of him.  The doctor said the sooner you start therapy the better the chances are you can --
All right. Speak to you then.
Uh, yes... Sure, David.
If this magazine is so important to you Annie, why are you in Montana?
What the hell does that mean? How much more do I have to do to prove how important this magazine is to me?
Lucy isn't you. We're losing something without you being here. Now, I know this is a rough time for you, but I think we should make another arrangement.
Oh, come on! This is such bullshit! The work is getting done, David. Lucky keeps me on top of everything.
Exactly...
Well, I suppose we could use another good public feud...
David, he signed an agreement that he wouldn't talk to the press and he's libeled me by saying I faked the figures. You're not going soft on me, are you?
Is that absolutely necessary? It'll just make it a bigger story.
Yes. We're suing.
Did you speak to Farlow?
Everyone. Working overtime. Just for you.
Who's there?
David?
I don't know. Let's just go and... we'll see...
Where to?
You want to take a walk with me?
I have so much to tell you.
Mmm. I made good time.  Pilgrim's in the back. I found a new stable, but they can't take him until tomorrow.
Was the trip okay?
Tubab means white man.
What do you mean?
No. I am a "tubab."
Hi. Um, there doesn't seem to be any hotel room available and someone told me to come here and ask for "Tubab" who might to have a place for me to stay. Are you "Tubab"?
Yes?
And I have two choices. I can either fight the way things are, or accept them.  See, I always knew I loved you more. Didn't bother me. I always felt lucky... a little amazed... that such a vibrant, beautiful woman would want to be with a man like me... And I guess I thought as long as I did everything right -- if I was the best husband I could be, the best father... even being a good lawyer only mattered to me because of what it meant for us... if I could do all that, it wouldn't make any difference if we loved each other the same or not... I wasn't asking for more. I told myself I didn't need more.  But you don't know how you feel about me. You don't know... if you want a life with me anymore...  And I don't want you to come home until you do know...  ... one way or the other.
I don't understa-
I'll tell you something, Annie -- I stood there looking at what was happening to that horse... And, I swear, it felt like the same thing was happening to me.
What do you mean?
Take your time.
Yeah, what?
May I have a suggestion?
Probably first thing in the morning. It's too late to start now. I'm going to try not to do too much driving in the dark.
Connecticut. I told the office I'd work out of there next week. When are you planning to start back?
Are you going to stay in the city or go up to Connecticut?
Let's not talk about that now.
How are you feeling about work?
No, it's okay. Believe me, there were plenty of times I didn't know what the hell was right.
You were right about coming here. I'm sorry for not thinking...
I can see why you put your faith in him. He's a genuine... good guy... Good at what he does. That's rare.
You don't have to explain. You have every right to come.
I apologize for the surprise, but the days only opened yesterday and I figured...
You're allergic to hay.
Small bed. Maybe I should sleep in the barn.
Honey, I hope you're not endangering your position. Listen, if you need to come back and you want me to come take over, for a while, I'll work it out. I mean, the firm's got other lawyers, but the magazine's got only one of you.
Oh. I didn't look at my faxes today. We left before sunrise.
Apparently, Gottschalk's been seen around town lunching with some very prominent magazine editors. Lucy said she tried to call you, but no one answered so she faxed you the list of names. She said one of them have contracts up fairly soon.
About what?
Well, uh the real reason I called, actually, was to tell you I saw Lucy at Jo-Jo's tonight and she seems very worried.
I wish I did.
Fine. Actually, today was a good day. You should have seen her.
Huh-huh. You?
Everything all right.
Oh well... branding will do that to you.
Oh, Robert, I'm sorry. We were so tired from the branding. Grace barely made it to her bed and I didn't have the energy to take my clothes off.
I thought you guys were going to call me.
Night.
Good night.
I know. We miss you too.
I miss you, Annie.
Okay.
Well then... maybe I will take some time... come visit.
You know, I just asked that myself tonight. He doesn't know.
When are you coming home?
Yeah, but nothing I can't handle. Lucy tells me she thinks Gottchalks's plotting, but what else is new.
So, how are you doing in Marlboro country? Is the magazine complaining at all?
Well, it's good that you're there.
Taking forever. I just got an additional list of sixty-two employees to interview before Monday. I don't know how I'm going to do it.
Yeah. She seems to be getting more comfortable on the ranch, which is why I said yes to this move. But, whenever it's just the two of us, I don't know... Anyway... what's happening with the Delco lawsuit?
No, that's not what I said. I'm not a dictator. If you feel you should come, then come. Just do whatever you think is right.
And you think it's best if I don't come.
She will if you think she should.
What if she doesn't want to go?
Robert, we're losing her. We're losing her.  I don't care what the doctors say. The truth is, they don't know anymore than we do -- less, when it comes to Grace... This may not sound sensible or... logical, but nobody's suggesting anything better. I can't explain it, Robert. I just have this feeling... this annoying... bloody feeling that if... if, somehow, Pilgrim can be made all right... then so can Grace. I just know it!
I really wish I could understand why you think this is so necessary.
I'm not pretending anything!
I don't care what he says! We have to do something, Robert! I can't sit here and trust everything's going to work out just by pretending it will.
Are you a psychiatrist? He said it takes time.
I can't say he's been all that effective with her.
Her psychiatrist... said... she needs security now... stability...
Why?!
No. It's, uh... No, I really don't think it's a good idea
I'm in charge. I went back very soon after the accident. They didn't expect me for a couple of months. I'll just take that time now... I can still oversee things from Montana... Take my fax... My computer...
What... Bo-... What about the magazine?
He'll be sedated. I know horses, Robert. I'm the one who taught Grace how to ride.
You want to do this by yourself? How? You can't take care of Pilgrim all the --
I'm not asking you to. I'll do it.
I come home and you tell me we're going to drive a psychotic horse to Montana! I can't just pick up and leave...
No. I was just researching. Calm down.
You've already made arrangements!?
I've called Liz. They can set me up with a trailer for Pilgrim. I thought we'd stay at motels along the way...
NO! What are you -- you're serious about this?
Robert, Grace isn't adjusting to school. And she can't sit in this apartment all day... I think it would be good for her.
That's the craziest thing I ever heard. Absolutely not.
He did, but... I think I can change his mind.
I don't understand. You just said he said no.
About us going someplace warm... Someplace Grace'll have to wear shorts or bathing suits or summer dresses...
What was I saying?
No.
What did he say?
Yeah.
Did you get a hold of that horse guy?
They're still our friends, Annie. It's nothing serious. You kid about them all the time... And I could tell Paul really appreciated me being there.
Why did you go?
All our "favorite" people were there saying all their "favorite" things about their "favorite" subjects. I thought to myself, we've been friends with these people almost twenty years and nobody knows anybody. We're so afraid we won't like each other and have nobody go to dinners with.
How was the dinner?
Helping all the time! Running to her every time she trips or falls... Anticipating her all the time.
Doing what?
You've got to stop doing that?
Do you? Do you really?
I love you.
Aw... that's so sweet.
I had to excuse myself from a meeting. It's ridiculous. I kept thinking about the baby... you... and, I swear, I was going to start bawling right into my briefs.
You can hardly get your arms around me. How depressing. You're so early.
How's my pregnant chick!
Sing it to me, Frankie!
"... FRESH, WIND IN HER HAIR... LIFE WITHOUT CARE... SHE'S BROKE... BUT IT'S 'OK'...
Oh. Right. I'll call him.
... And uh... Mario called about moving the wisteria?
It's on the table by the phone. I didn't know what to tell him...  ... Whether or not we were...  ... if we still we're thinking of redoing the couch.
Okay.
Oh, uh, I meant to tell you... Alex brought that fabric over...
The funeral's on Friday.
We're very lucky.
I saw Judith's parents while you were at the apartment...  I wanted to say something...  But I... I was so relieved that Grace was still... that it wasn't our daughter.
No, I'll go. You stay... In case she wakes up.
No, let me go.
I should go get some of her things.
Nothing new. He's just going off duty.
What did he say?
Tch. What are you --
I'm sorry.
Robert, you leave it up these people...!
No, it's got a little left. They'll be in to change it.
That bag's almost empty.
She was in pretty bad shape. They've done a C.A.T. Scan -- she has some hemorrhaging...
What about Grace?
Yeah. Bye.
Okay. We'll see you later then.
I don't know. We'll figure it out.
That's okay. We have to talk about it and we're not always in the same place ... so... I just have to get used to it.  What do you want to do about dinner?
I'm sorry about last night. I shouldn't have brought it up over the phone.
Riding with Judith.
Sure... What's Grace up to?
Okay. You want me to pick you up?
I should be in by two.
So, what, uh, what train are you taking?
Hi.
Hi.
It's me.
Either fight the way things are or accept it.
What choice!!?
No. He had the choice.
It's so cruel.
Absolutely. I made enough for an army.
I'll have another round of that spaghetti if may?
We have a business manager. The best around.
Well, did you ever think about hiring a business manager?
Well, I know Peterson's. Old place is as good as falling down around your ears.
Oh, I don't know...
Nobody's using it. Silly for her to be driving back and forth when she don't know her way around that well...
Well, get born a bull, got a ninety percent chance of getting castrated and served up as hamburger. On a balance I reckon I'd choose being a cow.  Would you mind passing that salad young lady?
You know, that's interesting. I always wondered when I went into a restaurant what was the difference between a regular steak or a Black Angus steak. I couldn't taste any difference although I could swear one was more tender. I didn't know there was that big a difference between cows...  I've never been on a cow farm before. I must say, the bulls seem to have the best time of it. Just laying around the fields all day until they're asked to...  do their... work.
You too, Diane.
Good luck to you, Annie.
Promise.
Promise?
It's just one night. If I get uncomfortable, I'll go over to Hanks.
I already know the way... and it's not like I have a job I have to rush home for.  Between you and me, I could use the time alone.
Now, are you sure you want to drive that horse back yourself? There are plenty of people 'round here who do that sort of thing.
Oh, how sweet.
I think I'm going to have my hands full with the son of mine when you leave. Just might be his first broken heart.
No, no, I'll go -- just give me a list.
Well, I am going to go after lunch.
Is there anything you need? I'm going food-shopping.
He's a good man, Tom is. He's got a gift, come from heaven above, I swear. But he's still a man. And a woman can lead a man into the middle of a mountain lake -- and still make him think he's on dry land.
I don't think anybody can make Tom do anything he didn't want.
Annie, I'm not good at this kind of talk -- goes round and round a thing but never comes to it -- so let's just say what it is. When you first came here, I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom means a lot to me and this family. Don't go looking here for whatever you looking for. Don't make that man go through something it took him a long time to see his way clear out of the first time.
What?
Yes, it does.
Sounds like something Tom would say.
They don't come better. But I don't deny there are times I wonder about things I won't have. Maybe one day I'll get to see Egypt. Maybe not. But I know if you try too many different lives, you can wind up with no life at all...
Frank's a good man.
I fell in love. After that, I never thought about being anything but a rancher's wife. I never saw it like I was losing some other life, just felt like I was gaining one. I know that's not a popular opinion nowadays and I ain't saying it's the right one. We all have to find the life meant for us.
Did you always know this was the life you wanted?
Guess you don't have to figure it out until you go home.
Delayed shock. Or maybe not. I know I could talk my way back if I wanted or... go to another magazine, someplace... Just not sure if I want to.
You don't seem to upset?
No, it's more like a leave of-  Ha, ha, ha. Yeah, they fired me.
They fired you?
Well, I have more than a few days, ha, ha... I uh... I'm sort of... not an editor anymore... right now... First time I've said it out loud.
Must be nice for you to take a few days off from your work, huh?
Soon. We're going to Branson, Missouri to see my cousin Emma married. Frank loves in there.
You and Frank ever take a vacation?
I'd love to go there one time...
But, uh, Egypt is, well, it's like nothing else. It's like going back in time.  I remember as a kid trying to imagine what a kid my age, centuries ago, walking over that same ground, was wondering about or, if they had the same problems as me... and I felt, connected to... to time itself, almost. Ha, I never realized how hard it was to describe.
Oh, God -- I think it was the fourth or fifth time I'd been there, so all I remember was the heat and how incompetent the photographer was...
What was it like?
I was there for that shot, actually.
I was looking in one of your magazines and saw that picture of the couple getting married at the Pyramids. Were you ever in Egypt?
No reason you should, no reason you should.
Well... I know I should reject that offer, but I'm not going to.
I'll help you with the coffee.
Oh, it's... I wanted to tell you that, if you'd like, you being so busy, I could take Grace to her therapy exercises for you. I have to go in once a week for shopping anyway.
Thank you. You're all doing too much.
I got a little confused though. The ranch Ellen was talking about -- that's not this one?
Ha, she loves telling this story about how when he was two years old, he ran off. They found him in the barn, sleeping between two giant hooves of a Percheron stallion. She said that horse was protecting him and nobody could convince her otherwise.
Always did. I think she favored him a little. You tend to when you have more than one, even though you love 'em all the same.
She calls him Tommy...
Mm-mm. I never knew him. He died before Frank and I met. This here's...  Frank and Tom's mother and father... there's little Frank and Tom...
Oh, you can just set up on the dining table. I have to rearrange my shelves tomorrow.
Where does this go, Diane?
It's fine. Comfortable. I still can't get used to how dark it gets around here, though. When we leave the ranch, I always hold my breath until I can see the motel.
How's Peterson's holding up for you?
No imposition. Plenty of food. Gonna get pretty dark soon. Hard to find a place.
Oh uh, thank you. No, we don't want to impose.
Mrs. MacLean -- why don't you and daughter stay for dinner?
Pasture? Oh, that stretch of field near the hill? Yeah.
Uh, no, we're going to dinner... Is this the way to the pasture?
Sure.  Does your daughter want to come inside?
Would you mind if I did? I'd like to talk to him.
There's coffee inside... I was just bringing this to Tom.
Probably best. You may want to shoot yourself half way to Ohio.
Of course not.
Problem is, there aren't many volunteers. He's already had enough to sink a battleship. You have a pin, just in case?
Maybe we should give him another sedative.
And I can say the same thing about my daughter! But she is suffering! Can you solve that problem!  I can't deal with this now, Liz! If you need a yes or no right now, then no -- don't do it! Not until I know Grace is all right. Now, please! Just do what you can. Okay?  Please.
It isn't right to make him suffer...
... I just don't know right now! Do whatever you can and when Grace is --
Annie, no matter what I do, this horse will never be the same.
- See, what you can do for him --...
I understand, but Annie, please...
Liz, listen, the Doctor's here and I just can't, uh... talk now... so --
Well, of course, right...
Yes, but he's in a tremendous pain...
Wait, uh, I, I don't understand. Start again -- He's alive...
Oh God, Annie, I'm so sorry. I... I know you're being hit with a low now, I don't want to take too much of your time but I have to talk to you about Pilgrim.
Her leg was shattered so they had to, uh... remove it. She had some bleeding but it's under control.
Annie, it's Liz. How's Grace?
Frank's touchy about his cousins.  Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr. MacLean.
Diane!
Oh Frank, don't forget the wedding present -- it's behind the door in the laundry room.  I got her a pasta maker from the catalogue... Not that they'll know what to do with it in Branton, Missouri... Probably use it as a planter.
You!
Play that sweet one you know. The one makes my wife here so friendly.
It's got doors, Diane. Private as can be. Tom?
They're already all settled in, Frank. Anyway, I'm sure Annie wants her privacy.
I believe women from New York eat mixed salads. Ain't that right, Tom?
What?
Mixed salad.
I guess they'll want feeding and all, out here all day long.
Oh hell, I don't know... According to Tom, she's a pretty determined woman. Must've thought it was worth it.
... well, I just think she's got a lot of nerve showing up here. Draggin' that child and that poor animal all the way...  You eat with those fingers again and you know what'll happen!  Frank, don't you think she's got a nerve?
No thanks.
I have some brownies left over. Want one?
Ain't brain surgery.
Diane takes care of the books. I don't know how, but at the end of every month, everything adds up to the penny.
Ha...
Well, that's just what we need on a cattle ranch -- a vegetarian from New York.
I believe so. Saw it on a television show, once.
What, they ain't going forty miles into Choteau everytime they want a hamburger.
I don't believe they'll expect that.
Be honest, I can't say I did it all myself. My grandma helped me get the words right.
Now son, you tell 'em when it came from.
Tell her they suit the weather better. Their udders are black, 'stead of pink.
Teacher asked me why we raise Black Angus-Herefords 'stead of Pure Herefords.
Weekend after next...
When you figure on branding?
There was this thing on the TV about a guy who does it with geese. He has this airplane and these baby geese all grow up thinking it's their mom, and he flies it and they just follow.  You hear 'bout that, Uncle T?
That's what some folks say.
He says if you do it soon as they're born, it makes them real easy to handle later on.
There's a kid at school says we should've imprint-trained him.
Sure. As long as she don't mind.
Can we take a look at Bronty's foal when we're done here, Dad?
He thought it was a ghost.
We thought we lost him in the snow storm... Told the kids. Had a funeral for the damn thing. Finally, snow stops. Staring to warm up. I go out and start cleaning the truck... Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out from the back seat covered in snow... I nearly stained myself.
I don't think Warren would go for that.
It'd be a whole lot easier to pay the feed end of the month...
And next time, Miss Annie, you can run down the calves...
Well, I'd like to welcome Annie and Grace to their first branding...
Our daddy raised Pure Herefords.
They don't get burned by the sun bouncing off the snow. And they're good mother.
We should be fine, then.
Bank out us a couple more men to run the cattle.
Yeah.
Tom?
You know her?
I don't believe it.
You know, you're a good kid.
I wouldn't let happen.
I don't thinks you'd want me tripping all over you in front of everybody.
You wouldn't want to dance with me, would you?
I don't know... You sure Tom said it's all right?
Of course I have.
Have you talked to Tom about it?
Would you let me ride your horse?
Because it fits my head. You want to try it on?
Why do you always wear that hat?
Twice a month they give you a day off to work on the ranch.
Don't you go to school?
Grace, Listen... you've got to do this. Just trust me one more time.
No!
He's not hurt. He's okay. Look at him.
No, you're only going to hurt him some more.
Grace, I need you to come with me.
I want to watch.
It's more or less how it sounds. Sometimes it's not pretty to watch. Some horses fight it real hard. Your fella's already shown us he likes a good fight. So if you don't want to watch, I'll call you when it's done.
What does that mean?
There's still something going on inside of him I can't reach. So me and Smokey here, we're going to try laying him down. Okay?
Sure.
Sure?
There's no hurry. Take you time.
I can't... not yet...
I know you do. Don't you disappear.  You do whatever you have to, to hold on...  I'll tell you one more thing... When Pilgrim reared up to face that truck... you know what I think?... I think that damn horse loved you so much, he was trying to protect you... That's what I think.
I know where he goes.
I won't tell you it'll stop feeling this bad... But I can tell you, you didn't do anything wrong... The same thing would have happened to me... or Frank... or Joe... And there's no sense in looking for a reason why things happen...  I used to try and... always came up short. I don't think the why so's important as... what we do with what we get. I remember this boy I'd see up on the Blackfeet Reservation. He was sixteen. Great kid. Strong. He'd gone swimming and dived headfirst into a rock. Snapped his neck, paralyzed him... After the accident, I'd look in on him from time to time... and he wasn't there anymore. His mind, his spirit, whatever you want to call it, it just disappeared. And what was left was nothing but anger... It's like the boy I knew just went away somewhere...
Getting old. Not being of much use, I guess.  What went on out there, Grace? With Pilgrim?
Are you afraid of anything?
That must have been pretty special.
We bought him in Kentucky. My mother and I took a trip down there to see him.
Where did you get Pilgrim from?
Not a question of if you can -- you are. Just keep your eyes on the road and your foot on the pedal and the rest will take care of yourself.
I don't know if I can.
Just follow this. Nothing to it. I'm going to shut my eyes here for a little while. Just keep going till you run out of road.
Well, there's only one way to find out.  Give it a little gas.
I don't know if I can with my leg.
Put the key in and turn it.  The right pedal is gas, the other one's the brake.
I don't have all day.
I can't...
It's never too soon to start.
Drive? I'm not old enough yet.
Can you drive?
You're catching on.
That's not a question, is it?
Not to me. Either you want to or you don't.
Isn't it like, obvious?
Not like books or literature or anything. Just a magazine... Just in case she hasn't told you -- which I'm sure she hasn't -- I don't want to be a part of this, OK?
Mmm. An editor.
She's an editor.
What does she do?
Probably. She's on the phone twenty- three hours a day.
She gonna be long?
Uh, I'm Tom Booker. Your mother around?
Yeah?
I'm okay... I'm okay.
Jude, you okay?
No, wait, it just goes... "he said he liked to do-"...
"... and I said that"...
We already did the river. Let's go down and across the old bridge. We can circle back.
You want to go down or stay along the river?
Why don't we just cut through the woods?
Do you want to go around by the old road?
I just could never say it!
...Oh, come on! You think the same thing!
Can I come? I'll start a fire...
My parents are having friends from college over. They're really nice... They have this gorgeous son who wants to be a forest ranger.
So?
I thought your mom's coming up?
You want to go to a movie tonight?
It's warmer than I thought.
I did. He said he had work to do until late.
Shouldn't we have invited Tom over?
Can we show him Pilgrim, Tom?
I know. Amazing.
Did you notice -- no cane?
I want to see Pilgrim.
What, sweetheart?
NO!
Honey, you all right? Did something fall?
Maybe... look -- just...
You want to watch some television?
No, I'm just not that hungry.
Do you want something else, honey? We order something else?
OK, OK.
Dad! I can do it, OK?!
How's Pilgrim doing?
No, not yet.
Have you heard from Judith's parents?
You're the one who's stupid -- letting her go and fall off your horse!!
You shut up, stupid!
You just showing off for her!
Don't be such a baby!
WAS SO!
YA JUST HAD A TURN. IT WAS NOT.
IT WAS MY TURN!
I haven't been back in over twenty years, but I wouldn't be surprised. The population's larger.
Is the poverty worse, now, you think?
I understand...
Well, like I told your wife, it's really up to Pilgrim.
How much longer do you think?
We still have a way to go.
I can't believe it's the same horse.
Oh yeah...
Hi. It's a pleasure. I'm very grateful for the way you took in my girls here. I bet you were surprised when they just showed up out of nowhere.
Honey... I was always good.
You know, Rona, we weren't all that good together even when we were good together.
Sometimes.
Does a horse miss a saddle?
You ever miss it?
Long enough.
How long were you married?
What are you looking at, young man?
The number's by the phone.
I don't any woman in New York. But from what I hear, most of them are wound up.
Oh I clear forget. You had a call from some woman in New York. She sounded pretty wound up.
Oh-oh... Maybe I better get back in the truck.
Kind of trouble I'm in the mood for.
If it's not too much trouble, I thought I might.
Fit? You want to check my teeth.  Good crowd today. I think you'll have some fun. You going to stay for dinner?
You're looking fit.
I wouldn't know what to do if you were on time.
Hey, Rona. Sorry I'm late.
Hey, darlin'.
Well, if the rider's nuts, the horse bolts.  That's the whole lesson right there. You have a good day now... Just... keep on freeing yourself up.
What do you mean?
Well... Dale... you know, a lot of this stuff... it just... nuts and bolts.
About horses? I'd love to learn more about it myself. Do you offer any private lessons for riders?
What stuff is that?
Where did you learn all this stuff?
Well, that'll happen.
Don't move!
Secret Service!
It's not cool. It's commie bullshit!
It's cool!
You think it's cool?
Yeah, cool.
Cool?
Now that's cool.
Listen to this bullshit.  "This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker and this is my manifesto." Huh, right, manifesto? "You may stop me, but you can't stop us all."
Alright sir.
Good. Good man. Alright, let's finish up here, and take him in for interrogation.
I'm sorry, sir. We caught him by surprise, so we don't think he had time to erase his computer files.
In English, please. I didn't spend ten years protecting the president so I could finish my career feeling like an idiot.
It looks good, sir. We've got an uncorrupted hard drive.
How's it going, Ray?
How are you going to take care of the cops?
Hackers of the World, Unite!
That's it! An electronic army! If I were us, I'd get on the internet, send out a major distress signal.
See, we're very busy. A TV network that wishes to remain nameless has expressed an interest in our show.
She's rabid, but cute.
Waste the dude.
Let's keep her.
Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait!
...IF it weren't run by a bunch of profiteering gluttons!
And never again have to pay for a service that would be dirt cheap...
Record the tones that the coins make. And hang up and get your money back!
As you can see, this is just a simple microcassette recorder.   Hook it up to the phone and drop in five bucks in quarters.
Hack the Planet!
Welcome to our show!
Check this out. It's a memo about how they're gonna deal with those oil spills that happened on the fourteenth.
What?
Maybe I should just go to the bathroom or something.
I can't. Everybody who touches that thing gets busted, I can't afford to get arrested, I'm sorry.
The sensitive type.
Right.
Was that her top?
Shh!
Shit!
What is it with this guy?
So what do you think, can I crash at your place tonight?
Yeah but oh man,  wouldn't you just love to get one of those Gibsons, baby? Ooooh!
Maybe. But, if I were gonna hack some heavy metal, I'd, uh, work my way back through some low security, and try the back door.
The Red Book. NSA Trusted Networks. Otherwise known as the Ugly Red Book that won't fit on a shelf.
Oh yeah? What's that?
Dragon book. Compiler design.
What's that?
Devil book. The Unix Bible.
What's that?
A worm AND a virus? The plot thickens.
Damn!
Yo, everyone check this out. Hey, what's the Da Vinci virus?
Well, I got a lot, alright? I don't know how many but... my head hurts.
...as they snoop onto us.
Snoop onto them...
Yo, brain dead, the manual!
Ta-da!
This is Zero Cool, man! Whooo, haha!
That's far out!
Biggest crash in history, front page, New York Times, August 10th, 1988. I thought you was black, man! Yo, man, this is Zero Cool! Oh, shit!
Yo, man, you an amateur, man.
Oh man. That's universally stupid, man!
Looks like a hacker wrote it.
Look at this, it's so lean and clean.
Hold on a second!
Super hero like even.
Very impressive.
I want it.
Active matrix, man. A million psychedelic colors. Man, baby, sweet, ooo!
Again?  Yeah sure.
Uh... Nikon, can I... can I crash at your place tonight?
Difficulty rating?
One-handed!
Yo, hit the lights.
Yeah, I bet it looks crispy in the dark.
I want it to have my children!
Do you think he could hack a Gibson?
Yeah. Probably had something to do with that bank in Idaho.
His parents missed Woodstock and he's been making up for it since. Hey, you hear about Joey's bust?
I'm gonna hit you!
You're psyched. You need to lay off of that shit.
It was him, man!
Cereal, man, you owe me a pack.
Ain't no way, man, security's too tight. The big iron?
Oh yeah, you want a seriously righteous hack, you score one of those Gibsons man. You know, supercomputers they use to like, do physics, and look for oil and stuff?
Look, you wanna be elite? You gotta do a righteous hack. None of this accidental shit.
Yeah but don't forget God. System operators love to use God. It's that whole male ego thing.
Stupid, man. It's universally stupid.
What are you, stoned or stupid? You don't hack a bank across state lines from your house, you'll get nailed by the FBI. Where are your brains, in your ass? Don't you know anything?
Meet Cereal Killer. As in Froot Loops? But he does know things.
...and your name goes through like seventeen computers a day. 1984, yeah right man, that's a typo. Orwell's here and now, he's living large. We have no names, man, no names. We are nameless. Can I score a fry? Thanks.
Roger.
Go fix the phones.
Yeah?
Cereal.
Ai! Boom boom aiaiaiaiaee! Alright, that was a little tension breaker, that had to be done, alright?
Wait a minute, the fourteenth, that's the same day the worm ends its run.  I mean... Da Vinci virus, didn't Phreak say that's what he was being charged with? Look...  "Infecting ballast programs of Ellingson tankers" - they blame hackers!
Well this hasn't happened yet.
You're both screwed. I help, we can do it in six.
Never send a boy to do a woman's job. With me, we can do it in seven.
Oh wow, we are fried.
Phreak and Joey are being framed. We need your help to figure out what's on this disc.
Nonononono. Truce, you guys. Listen, we got a higher purpose here, alright? A wake up call for the Nintendo Generation. We demand free access to data, well, it comes with some responsibility. When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child, but when I became a man I put away childish things.  What... It's Corinthians I, Chapter 13, verse 11, no duh. Come on.
Right. If I win, you wear a dress on our date.
Due to Mr. Gill's untimely demise and everything, I guess you two will have to improvise the next round.
Yeah. Like Rigor Mortis, Habeas Corpus.
Dead?
Dead.
Yeah? Display?
Yo. Check this out guys, this is insanely great, it's got a 28.8 BPS modem!
Nope. His mom said he's grounded for his next three lifetimes.  He isn't to consort with his computer friends.  The secret service is really out to get him.  Hey there's a big party tonight, you wanna go?
Did you talk to him?
No, don't know who he is.  Do you?
You heard of a hacker called Acid Burn? You know who he is?
That's it, you're looking at it, he just looks slick all day.
And what's he do?
Curtis.
Who's that?
And unpack.
Right. Anything else, you want me to mow the lawn? Oops, forgot. New York. No grass.
Okay, I gotta get back to work. I'm gonna be home late.  And would you try and please fill these out?
No. No one special.
Aaaah. Did we meet someone special?
Revenge.
What did we learn in school today?
Hmmm.
How was school?
Right, mom. And I'm still a virgin!
You haven't been doing anything stupid, right, Dade?  Right, Dade?!
Well, yeah, I just haven't found one as charming as you yet.
Can I cut the electricity to his room so he'll sleep normal hours? He's been playing with his computer all night for a solid week.  Well yes, he could be playing with himself. Mmm hmm. Yes I'll ask. Dade, you like girls, don't you?
Can this wait until both my eyes are open, please?
Up all night again, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Good morning. You unpack your stuff yet?
Finish up, honey, and get to sleep. And happy birthday.
I'm taking over a TV network.
What are you doing?
Yeah, mom?
Dade?
This is the end, my friend.  Thank you for calling!
I found it! I found it!
Give it up! Just give it up.
Yeah, maybe I'm not. But we are, you asshole.
Game's over. Last chance to get out of this without a prison sentence.  You're not good enough to beat me, you little shit.
Hey, don't worry, kid. If she's innocent, she'll be fine. Your mommy's safe now, okay?
I got it. But listen, Kate didn't know what's on it. I mean, she came to me to figure it out. She's not the one who planted the virus. You leave her alone.
Talk to me.
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death and, uh, I can do all of them!
You lay a finger on her and I'll kill you.
What can I tell you. Computers never lie, kid. Your mom will be arrested at work, she'll be handcuffed, and later, strip searched.
That's bullshit.
Lauren Murphy is now a wanted felon in the state of Washington. Forgery, Embezzlement, two drug convictions, plus she jumped parole. When she's arrested, she will not have a trial, she will not pass go, she will go directly to jail. Then I change this file back to the original, and your mom disappears.
Turn on your laptop. Set it to receive a file.
I told you, I don't play well with others.
The girl. The girl has the disc I need.
Thank you!
Blow me.
I'm fine.  Oh, and Dade, try to stay out of trouble, okay?
Watch which friends you do play with. A record like yours could land you in jail, get you kicked out of school, no colleges would take you. No future. Exiled from everyone and everything you love.
Shit! Come on!
Nah. I don't play well with others.
I'm the one who understands you. Now, can we be allies?
I'm sorry. Who are you?
Loser.  I can't believe you were only eleven when you wrote this. It's quite an impressive virus. Dade, I know how you might feel about narking on your friends, but, we're hackers. For us, there's no such thing as family and friends. We're each our own country, with temporary allies and enemies. I'd like to make a treaty with you.
We did it!
Yes!
Joey's getting stupid busy.
Oh, shit! He got me.
Okay. Let's go shopping.
Jesus, I gotta save all your asses. I help, we can do it in five minutes, man.
Look, even if you had the passwords, it'll take you ten minutes to get in, and you've still gotta find the files, man, I mean, the cops will have you in... five minutes.
Fucked if I care, man.
They'll trace you like that  man, cops are gonna find you, they're gonna find you with a smoking gun.
And judging by this segment alone, it's already eaten about...
Two days.
It nibbles. You see this?
What's this one eat?
This isn't a virus. It's a worm!
Burn!
Seven. Wow! Burn's wetware matches her software!
I got photographic memory.  It's a curse!  Lisa!
How did you know that?
Look out, man. Lisa Blair, 26 East 7th St., apartment 16, 555-4817, BOOM!
Razor and Blade.
That's Razor and Blade.
What's going on?
Yo, showtime, showtime!
No.
Never heard of you. Done anything?
Crash Override.
Dreams?
You know, I've been having these really weird..
Yeah? You know if you would have said so in the beginning, you would have saved yourself a whole lot of trouble.
They didn't. The guys felt it was the only way I'd get a date. Anyway, you're pretty good. You're elite.
I can't believe they decided you won.
Wanna go for a swim?
You would have looked better.
You look good in a dress.
Yeah.
Oh, wow, she's great.
Thanks for your help.
What?
Dade.
I'm trying to help you.
Are you crazy? What are you doing?
Man, there's too many garbage files, I need more time.
It's the Gibson, it's finding us too fast.
Alright, let's boot up.
Yeah.
Ready?
We need your help to overload the Gibson so we can kill the Da Vinci virus and download the worm program.
It's somehow connected with the worm that's stealing the money.
A virus called Da Vinci will cause oil spills at 10:30 AM Eastern Time tomorrow.
They're elite! Let's get 'em.
Razor and Blade! They're flakes!
There they are!
Well, we have fifty passwords, plus whatever Polaroid head here got inside Ellingson.
Alright, so what have we got?
It's my subway defense system.
Shit!!
I'll hack the Gibson.
How?
I'll make it up to you!
Well that's great. There goes MIT.
I got a record. I was Zero Cool.
Why did he come to you?
I didn't know what was on it.
You what?
This Ellingson security creep. I gave him a copy of the disc you gave me.
What?
I know, I know who wrote it.
Whoever wrote this needs somebody to take the fall. And that's Phreak, and that's Joey, and that's us. We've got to get the rest of the file, so we can find out where the money is going before the worm disappears, so we can find out WHO created it.
Right, and at this rate it ends its run in...
Joey got cut off before he got to that part. Check it out. By this point, it's already running at, what, twice the speed as when it started.
Right. And when the worm's ready, it zips out with the money and erases its tracks.
And no one's caught it because the money isn't really gone. It's just data being shifted around.
The worm eats a few cents from each transaction.
This is every financial transaction Ellingson conducts, yeah? From million dollar deals to the ten bucks some guy pays for gas.
I have to tell you something.
Uh, hold on...
Kate, listen.
Okay, thank you.
Okay. I'll copy it.
Thank you.
Well, could you just make a copy of the disc? And just hide it in case we get busted, so we have something to give our lawyers, something that hasn't been tampered with? Can you do that?
I'm sorry, I can't.
What is it with you? I know we've been playing games, but, we're supposed to be on the same side and we really need your help. I really need your help.
Do my ears deceive me?
We need your help.
I don't do dates. But I don't lose either, so you're on.
And you have to smile.
You're not gonna win.
Make it our first date.
Make it my first born.
And if I win?
You wish. You'll do shit work, scan, crack copyrights, whatever I want.
Your slave?
If I win, you become my slave.
Name your stakes.
Are you challenging me?
Yeah.
Crash Override. What was it. "Mess with the Best, Die Like the Rest?"
You sure this sweet machine's not going to waste?
Yeah. RISC is good.
Indeed. RISC architecture is gonna change everything.
Yeah. It's not just the chip, it has a PCI bus. But you knew that.
P6 chip. Triple the speed of the Pentium.
It has a killer refresh rate.
Yeah?
It's too much machine for you.
It's cool, I'm just looking.
What the hell are you doing?
You're the moron that's been invading my turf?
I'm Crash Override.
What?
Burn. You're Acid Burn. You booted me out of OTV!
He's not enrolled in this class.
I said give me time.
He's not in this class.
Pool on the roof must have a leak.
What the hell is going on?
I'll give it a shot.
Think you can do better?
That's a nice score for a girl.
Yeah! Sure.
Yeah, there's an Olympic size swimming pool up on the roof. Take the stairs over there.
No, you're not in my class.
My... class. You mean I'm not in your class?
Here's your class.
212-555-4240.
It's a little boxy thing, Norm, with switches on it... lets my computer talk to the one there...
Uhhhmm...
Yeah, well, you know these Japanese management techniques.  Could you, uh, read me the number on the modem?
Uhhh.. ahahaha...
Right, well my BLT drive on my computer just went AWOL, and I've got this big project due tomorrow for Mr. Kawasaki, and if I don't get it in, he's gonna ask me to commit Hari Kari...
Uhhmmm... uh gee, uh...
Norman? This is Mr. Eddie Vedder, from Accounting. I just had a power surge here at home that wiped out a file I was working on. Listen, I'm in big trouble, do you know anything about computers?
Security, uh Norm, Norm speaking.
What's up, man? I'm the Phreak!
Homicidal?
So, um, what's your interest in Kate Libby, eh? Academic? Purely sexual?
Sorry, I can't help you, okay?
Yeah, I'm sorry, I was just looking for the principal's office.
Yo, chill man, I'm talking to Venezuela.
Excuse me.
What's going on? Let go of me! Stewardess! I'll never fly this airline again!
You're welcome.
Red handed! You won't be having any more trouble from them.
Good.
We caught 'em.
Hello?
Gill.
However, we have come to believe that one Joey Pardella is involved in this Ellingson virus. He or perhaps his accomplice has a disk that Mr. Belford needs to disable that virus. We want you to help us find it.
Must have been hell, huh? Zero Cool?  A virus has been planted in the Ellingson Mineral computer system. You were our prime suspect, till we trashed your stuff and found no trace of it.
It got you seven years probation. No computer, couldn't even use a touch tone phone.
I think we've got something.
Gill.
Then he stashed it somewhere, or he has an accomplice. We'll release him until his indictment, keep tight surveillance, and see if he leads us to your disc.
No. He's either very smart or very stupid.
Did you find the program for the virus on any of the discs we confiscated?
Cancer, brain... Brain Cancer?
The System Command Processor, it's the brain.
Colonel who?
Cancer?
A rabbit replicates till it overloads a file, then it spreads like cancer.
It's replicating, eating up memory. What do I do?
What's happening?
There's a new virus in the database.
The rabbit is in the administration system.
Die, dickweeds!
Run anti-virus. Give me a systems display!
We have a Zero Bug attacking all the login and overlay files.
Let's echo 23, see what's up.
I've narrowed the activity to terminal 23.
Never fear. I is here.
Uh, the accounting subdirectory in the Gibson is working really hard. We got one person online, the workload is enough for like ten users. I think we've got a hacker.
As in what, you hapless techno-weenie?
Uh, Mr. The Plague, uh, something weird's happening on the net.
My name is the Plague.
Mr. Belford?
I copied it from Ellingson, okay? They're asking me about it, alright? Will you take a look for me?
Joey, a garbage file holds miscellaneous data. Junk. Bits of stuff that's been erased, man.
Nono, it's like hot or something. I don't know.
Big deal. A garbage file's got shit in it, Joey, come on.
Dude dude dude, I gotta talk to you a minute, listen listen listen. I copied a garbage file from...
Yo, what's up?
Love, secret, and uh, sex.  But not in that order, necessarily, right?
Alright, what are the three most commonly used passwords?
You guys always think I should know everything, and you never tell me anything. Am I right?
D'you bring those Crayola books?
Anyways, guys, guys, listen, listen to me. I'm in this computer right? So I'm looking around...
You're hopeless, man, utterly hopeless.
Alright. How about the Master of Disaster, huh?
You know, you're right about that.  Check it, Friday.
I need a handle, man. I don't have an identity until I have a handle.
One more "dude" out of you and I'm gonna slap the shit outa you, okay? Now I'm trying to save you from yourself but you gotta stop letting your mama dress you, man! : Check it...
What? whatwhatwhat?
Joey, Joey...
Phreakphreakphreakphreakphreak, dudedudedudedudedudedude... I gotta...
Yeah! You better figure out what's on that disc, cause we're being framed. It's in that place where I put that thing that time?
You think they're going to bust us?
I'm freaking! Joey wasn't making it up! He really hacked into Ellingson! He gave me the disc with a file he copied and now I'm in jail! They're charging me with some serious shit! And there's stuff I didn't even do, like inserting some virus called Da Vinci, and they keep asking about you guys.
Phreak?
Hey, it's me.
Hello?
Yeah. Whose gonna notify his next of kin?
Any questions?
Relax, Burn, he's my guest.
What is he doing in here?
I'm sorry, we're sorry, just checking out your fly laptop!
Hey! What are you guys doing in here?
Rabbit, Flu-shot, someone talk to me.
Send a Flu-shot.
"Minor glitch" with you seems to turn into a major catastrophe.
Nothing, it's just a minor glitch.
What is it? What's wrong?
No one believes the guilty. Besides, by the time they realize the truth, we'll be long gone with all of our money.
Launch the Da Vinci virus? You can't do that!
Yeah. To civilians. But they're hackers. But don't worry. All we have to do is launch the Da Vinci virus, and then they'll all be put away.
You said the worm was untreaceable!
Not everything. But enough to implicate us.
They had a large chunk of the garbage file? How much do they know?
So, we get the mother, we get the boy.
So?
From here I got access to every piece of data ever stored on Dade Murphy's parents. His parents separated five years ago, reconciled two years later, filed for divorce last year, custody battle, boy chose to go with his mother. Hmm.
Congratulations.
The FBI computer holds files on twenty million Americans.  I just hacked into it.
Pervert! What are you talking about?
I disguised myself as an Alabama State Trooper and penetrated the FBI NCIC.
Murphy kid turn you down?
Sh, sh sh sh sh.
Jesus. You know, you're sick, Eugene. You...
Basically, uhmm, yeah. Mmm hmmm.
But you've created a virus that's going to cause a worldwide ecological disaster, just to arrest some hacker kid?
Relax. Think about the 25 million dollars.
I don't want to go to jail for this.
I created Mister da Vinci so we could call in the Secret Service. So they'd arrest the hacker, sieze his equipment, things that we can't do on our own.
What?
I had to move fast. The hacker copied my garbage file.
What the hell was that all about?
Well luckily, you have a gifted and talented security officer. I traced the hacker's call. The secret service picked him up this morning. I'll just search his files for the original virus code, and then I can eliminate it.
So what are we supposed to do?
What, it left a note?
The little boat flipped over. A virus planted in the Gibson computer system claimed responsibility.
Excuse me?
Yesterday, the ballast program for a supertanker training model mistakenly thought the vessel was empty, and flooded its tanks.
Virus?
A hacker planted the virus.
Someone didn't bother reading my carefully prepared memo on commonly used passwords. Now, as I so meticulously pointed out, the for most used passwords are love,  sex, secret and...  ...God. So would your holiness care to change her password?
Precisely what you're paid to prevent.
Once again, don't call me Eugene.  A recent unknown intruder penetrated, using a superuser acount, giving him access to our whole system.
Good morning, Gentlemen. Please be seated. I see we're still dressing in the dark, Eugene.
Thank you.
Just one moment.
555-4202.
What number please?
Hello, operator? I'm having trouble dialing a number.
Hello, operator services.
Nonono, thank YOU!
Thank you.
All right.
I'll take you down there.
Real charmer.
Yeah, ha, hell of a night huh?
Yeah.  Should be on the road.
You're late.
A patient pickup and transfer to Smith's Grove.
Purpose of visit?
Go!
Brady! Come with us! Brady!
Get up there Rachel!
Brady!
Get up there Rachel!
Brady!
Go!
Brady! Come with us.
Shit!
No. You son of a bitch!
Brady!
Get back!
Brady!
We're trapped in this house.
What does that mean?
Its metal, god dammit its metal.
I don't know!
Is there another key?
She's not dead!
You think she stands a chance?
Look.
Not without Jamie.
No, no, we have to get out of here right now.
10 years ago? Halloween? He's Jamie's uncle.
Who's that?
Michael Myers.
What's going on?
We've been better.
Are you two okay?
Oh really? Well, I'll just let you get back to little Ms. Hot panties.
I am different, it's just that I just got pissed off...that's all.
So you hop on to the next best thing? I thought you were different from other guys.
I mean, you blew off our date at last minute.
No, you don't understand.
Just leave me alone and lets forget it.
You don't owe me anything.
Rachel, I've got an expl-- I've got an explanation.
Okay, I guess. I'll call you later.
I don't know Brady.
So?
My parents are going to come home early tonight.
Can I come over after Jamie's asleep?
I'm not angry it's just
Don't get angry.
Well you found out this morning? Why didn't you tell me before? I mean it's 5 o'clock now Rachel...shit
This morning.
When did you find this out?
So I have to watch Jamie tonight.
So?
My parents baby-sitter canceled.
What?
Its about tonight.
Okay sure. What about?
We need to talk.
You do? Okay. Go down aisle A. We've got the best costumes in the whole town.
Jamie needs a Halloween costume.
Rachel! What are you doing here? I thought I was supposed to pick you up?
Look, even if by some miracle Michael is conscience, his muscles would be totally useless.  Give the troopers a chance to search.
I've seen bodies thrown 50-60 feet from a crash site.
Loomis, it's over. Leave it alone.
It's hard to tell, there all chewed up.
Yes, sir.
An accident?
Sometime in the night. They probably lost the road in the storm. Come down the embankment. It happens.
When did this happen?
I know, and next to that is the police, hospital, fire, and probably National Guard.
We'll be at the Fallbrooks. The number's next to the phone.
You guys always look great.
How do we look?
Its not exactly the end of the world, for goodness sake
What am I supposed to tell Brady? Sorry, but I've got to baby-sit my foster sister, go and have fun by yourself.
Its too late.
Can't you find somebody else?
Well tonight is very important for your father and me.
Not tonight. I've got that date with Brady. You know how important that is.
You'll have to watch Jamie tonight.
Mom, please
Mom, I'm on a diet. You want an oinker for a daughter?
Hang on Mrs. Pierce.  Not that tie, on the other side.  That's not the only thing your eating Rachel.
I'm not calling the fire department.
We should call the fire department.
I told them to be here by nine. Its not 9:30 yet.
Because the lights are all out.
How do you know their not?
Honey, I don't think their home.
Susan broke her ankle last night at the ice rink  Rachel?
Why not?
Sorry. Do you suppose Susan could just bring her crutches? Oh, stupid question. Tell her I hope  she feels better.  Susan's mother, she can't baby-sit tonight.
Found it.
Honey, this tie has a spot on it, I can't wear this today. I got a 10:30 with Chuck.
Clean one in the laundry room next to your blue slacks.  Hello?
It's okay..it's okay.
Oh dear God. Its all right...a bad dream, just a nasty old dream.
Haddonfield. It's a four hour drive. You can reach me through the local police. If you didn't find him in four hours, I'm sure I will.
Now where are you going?
How many bodies did you find?
Four plus Myers.
How many people in the bus?
Why shouldn't I?
I've said this before. I think your the one who needs medical help.
I don't want to have anyone live through that night again.
I can see this is useless.
We're not talking about any ordinary prisoner Hoffman! We are talking about evil on two legs.
For Christ sakes. Spare me the speech. I've listened to it for a decade.  The fact is that Michael Myers was a federal patient, and a federal prisoner therefore he is subject to federal law.
You know damn well about what.  You let them take it out of here.
About what?
Why wasn't I notified?
Drive Carefully.
Night Doc.
Yeah.  Well I guess your happy to see him go.
I can safely say that Michael Myers is now in your hands.
Watch it.
If Loomis read memos he's be here. Fortunately his position is more ceremonial then medical. My hope is that he's either transfer, retire, or die.
I'd assumed Dr. Loomis would be here.  Michael Myers was his patient.
Check him out.
Outside.
I do.
Ready to go.  Who signs for him?
Has he been prepped?
I'm Dr. Hoffman, Medical Administrator.
Yes.
Okay, out.
Got it Earl.
Okay everybody, listen up. I've got Rachel Corruthers and her sister in the truck, and I'm taking them outta town route 410. State police are on the way. Got that?
You dumb son of a bitch, you said you saw Myers.
Shit, Earl. It's Ted Holster.
Al here lost his boy 10 years back.
Like the last time? How many people killed back then? How many kids?
Looks to me like your out of business. Now I want some answers.
What the hell did this?
No way. No how.
We're going to Ben's. The phone never just rings at a police station.
Police station. I ain't closing down with out a good goddamn reason.
Who you calling?
Sure ain't. Martians could land on Ben's doorstep, all he'd do is spit once and get himself a shot gun.
Not like 'ol Ben Meeker do something like that.
Rachel!
I've got you come on, go down.
Rachel!
Well try dammit!
I can't.
I'm gonna lower you to the chimney, okay Jamie?
Come on.
No.
Rachel come on.
Oh Rachel!
Jamie!
Real soon, Jamie. Now shh.
Can we go home soon Rachel?
Forget it kido. We're home by eight o'clock.
No way! Halloween's great. Can we stay out all night?
Had enough?
This is great Rachel. Come on.
Jamie, wait for me.
I'm ready. I'm ready. Okay, let's go.
I thought you said you were ready.
Coming.
Come on Rachel!
Yeah, hurry up.
Rachel, can I go get my costume on?
He's coming to get me Rachel.
What?
It was the nightmare man
Jamie, what happened?
In a second.
Come on Rachel.
You bet.
The Discount Mart. Can we get Ice Cream after?
But I thought you didn't want to go trick-or-treating.
I wanna go trick-or-treating like the other kids.
You ready for some Ice Cream?
Hi.
Double scoops. Now lets get some breakfast.
Double scoops?
How about this afternoon I pick you up from school and we go get ice cream?
It's Halloween. I mean don't you want to get dresses up in a really scary costume and get some candy?
I don't want to.
Well tonight we're going to do something better. We're going to go trick-or-treating.
But you wanted to go out tonight. It's my fault that you can't.
Jamie, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. I can go out with Brady tomorrow night. Its no big deal.
I'm sorry I ruined everything. If I wasn't here you could go out.
Sure it is. I think tonight Brady was ready to make a commitment.  But now my future relationship, my engagement, my marriage, my children, your grandchildren, have all been wiped out because I have to baby sit tonight.
Come on Jamie, lets go back to bed.  Come on Sunday.
Your lucky.  I wish she could do the same for me.
Your mother used to baby-sit me when I was your age.  I bet you didn't know that.
It's been eleven months.
I know you miss your parents, its hasn't been that long.
Sure it does.
We're not real sisters Jamie, but that doesn't mean I love you any less.
Like a real sister?
Jamie, sometimes it's...
Like a sister?
Oh, serious questions tonight.  Of course I love you.
Do you love me Rachel?
What is this? Four nights in a row?  You going for a record here?  The seven year olds insomniacs hall of fame?
I can't sleep.
Kido. It's four in the morning.
No.
You don't believe that do you?
Yeah.
Then we'll be safe?
We'll hear sirens soon.
Oh no you can't. I've just been there. That's the first place he'll look for you. Where's the school house? Where is the school house?
Everybody's dead. I just wanna go home.
What are you doing out here alone?
All right.
Why don't you go make some coffee.
All right. Good Good.  Logan I want you right here by the front door. This is the dead bolt key.
That's all the windows, Dad.
Just do it.
Why?
Kelly, I want you to close and lock all the downstairs windows.
Dad, what's going on?
Rachel, take your sister upstairs. First door on the right.
Wise up to what men want Rachel, or Brady won't be the last man you lose to another woman.
Don't you mean what you do best?
He's not married. Besides, I've got a right to do what's best for me.
You knew. You just didn't care.
I didn't know you and Brady had anything okay?
Hi.
Hi Rachel.
Okay, bye.
Call me.
Jamie?
Well do I drop you off at the Discount Mart or the Dairy Queen?
I don't know.
Fact it Rach, you are desperate.  Your just going to go in and buy a costume for Jamie. Perfectly legit.
Well I don't want to seem desperate or anything.
You won't come on too strong.
Well I don't want to come on too strong. A guy hates a girl to come on strong. Fragile egos and all of that.
You won't look pushy.
I don't want to look pushy.
I know! Don't you want to talk to him?
No. Brady's working there till 6:00 today.
You know Rach, Discount Mart is having a sale on Halloween costumes.
Hi Jamie.
You remember Lindsay don't you?
Maybe nobody knows how to stop him, but I've got to try.
Do you?
The state police won't know how to stop him.
Leave Myers for the state boys.
The Corruther's house. That's where Jamie lives, that's where he'll go.
Where are you going?
Its not over yet.
Hell of a night.
Hey. I got a town full of beer bellies running around in the dark with shotguns. Who's gonna be next? Somebody's wife? Somebody's kid?
Maybe you ought to wait here till they do.
I'll be out on gateway and I doubt I'll be back before the troopers get here.
Got it Ben.
Now I pad locked the back door, this is the only way in and out of this house. You got that?
If you'd seen that police station you wouldn't even ask.
Isn't this all a little paranoid?
Making sure that no one can get in here.
What are we doing?
Get the outside shutters.
Go get it.
Yeah in the trunk of my squad.
You got your riot gun?
I'll be there in 5 minutes.
Go to my house. We'll call the state force from there.
Ben-uh-I just heard about the station.
This is 132, over.
132 to 133 this is 134.
No problem, Sheriff.
You look sharp. You understand?
Right here, Ben.
Logan, I want you to stay here in case the family gets back.
They've survived this ordeal, they'll survive it's memory.
These kids aren't likely to forget.
Yes. Michael Myers is in hell, buried, where he belongs.
It's over.
Batteries. I planned the generator for the house next week. I wished I hadn't waited.  This is squawk 79er zero of Haddonfield broadcasting on the state police emergency frequency. Can anyone hear me?
How's it powered?
Right through the kitchen you'll see the basement stairs.  Brady, you know how to use a gun?
Where's the radio?
Be here in a minute.
Where's that Deputy?
You haven't got a police force! These men may be the only defense you've got.
You son of a bitch, you just created a lynch mob.
Let it be Earl. Let the police handle it.
It was Michael Myers. He's come home to kill.
Evil.
What is he? Tell me! What the hell are we dealing with?
It isn't a man.
How can a man do this Loomis? Tell me.
They didn't know what they were fighting.
Oh Christ. They wouldn't have given up without a fight.
Dear God.
Oh Christ. Doc...
Yes.
Is that him? Is that him?
Least I'm not alone.
This is starting to spook me.
How do you know?
He's been here.
Something?
All right. Pierce, do it. Lets check on this little girl.
When he makes that call.
Find this little girl, get her somewhere safe. Call the local T.V. station. Tell them to get people off the streets and behind locked doors.
All right, all right. Its true, what the hell can we do to avoid a repeat of what happened 10 years ago?
Its true, Sheriff.
Hank, call the troopers and check his story out.  And assuming what you say is true..
Six bodies, Sheriff! That's what I have seen between here and Ridgemont. A filling station in flames. I'm telling you Michael Myers is here in this town. He's here to kill that little girl and anybody that gets in his way.
Myers has been locked up since before she was born. He's never laid eyes on her.
Where ever she is, that little girl is in mortal danger.
Are you talking about Jamie Lloyd?
10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he wants her daughter.
Why?
He's here, Sheriff.
That's impossible. Michael Myers is an invalid.
Michael Myers has escaped from Ridgemont. He's here in Haddonfield.
Loomis. Folks around here aren't likely to forget your face. At least not cops. So what brings you back here after 10 years?
Oh, Sheriff Meeker, my name is Dr. ...
I am. Ben Meeker.
Oh your a pilgrim all right. I saw it on your face back there in the dust. I saw it clear as Breasts and blue suede shoes. Would you like a drink? 
I know that Mr. Sayer.
Apocalypse, end of the world, Armageddon. Its always got a face and a name.
What are you hunting, Mr. Sayer?
Your hunting it, ain't ya? Yeah, your hunting it all right, just like me.
Sort of.
Car trouble?
Loomis. Haddonfield.
Gods Country, Promise Land. Where are you heading Mr..ah
How far are you going, Mr. Sayer?
Anything for a fellow pilgrim. Sometimes we need help getting where we want to be.  Reverend Jackson Pete Sayer of Dumon County, please to make your aquanauts.
Thank you.
Don't touch him Jamie!
Jamie! Get away!
Calm down. Calm down. Are you all right? Are you all right?
Sheriff Meeker, we killed him.
Uh huh.
Now you understand?
Okay.
All right Rachel, you stay by this radio. The state boys will send word once their in route. When that word comes you go tell deputy Logan.
Sheriff, what is going on out there?
What's going on?
Rachel, Jamie. Thank God!
He shouts, too.
You're going to be late!
Huh?
You're going to be late at the Doyles, Annie.
The only things missing were some Halloween masks, rope, a set of knives. What does that sound like to you?
You blame everything on kids.
Someone broke into the hardware store. Probably kids.
What happened?
What?
Hi, Dad. What happened?
Hi, Annie, Laurie...
Fun-ny. See you.
Saving the treats for Bob?
I don't know yet. I have to get out of taking my stupid brother trick-or- treating.
What time?
All right. The Wallaces leave at seven.
Come on, Annie. Bob and I have been planning on it all week.
I wouldn't want to get you in deep trouble, Lynda.
Well, are we still on for tonight?
Old jerko got caught throwing eggs and soaping windows. His parents grounded him for the weekend. He can't come over tonight.
Sure.
We just talked.
It's been totally charted.
That's not true. Here I am.
We did. Fifteen minutes. You totally never showed up.
Why didn't you wait for me?
He was. Old jerko found a way to sneak out. Listen, I'll call you in an hour or so.
Deal. Hey, I thought Paul was grounded.
If you watch her, I'll CONSIDER talking to Ben Tramer in the morning.
Wait a minute here...
He went out drinking beer with Mike Godfrey and he won't be back until late. YOU'LL have to call him tomorrow. Besides, I'm on my way to pick up Paul.
Yes, you can.
I can't.
I'm glad you're here because I have something I want you to do. I want you to call up Ben Tramer and tell him you were just fooling around.
This has not been my night. My clothes are in the wash, I spilled butter down the front of me, I got stuck in a window...
Fancy.
Annie!
You'll have to. He's calling you tomorrow to find out what time to pick you up.
You guys will make a fabulous couple.
Annie, you didn't. Tell me you didn't.
Well, I just talked with Ben Tramer and he got real excited when I told him how attracted you were to him.
I'd say you must have the wrong number.
What would you say if I told you that you were going to the Homecoming Dance tomorrow night?
What's this big, big news?
I hate that dog. I'm the only person in the world he doesn't like.
For that matter, I might as well be a girl scout tonight. I plan on making popcorn and watching Doctor Dementia. Six straight hours of horror movies. Little Lindsey Wallace won't know what hit her.
Thanks.
I always said you'd make a fabulous girl scout.
I brought it for Tommy. I figured making a Jack-O-Lantern would keep him occupied.
What's the pumpkin for?
That's probably all he can do.
He can still watch.
Mister Riddle was watching you? Laurie, Mister Riddle is eighty-seven.
He was watching me.
Probably Mister Riddle.
I saw someone standing in Mr. Riddle's back yard.
Lies.
I wasn't spooked.
You still spooked?
Bye.
Sure, see you later.
I doubt that. Listen, my mother is letting me use her car. I'll pick you up. 6:30.
I've already lost it.
Now you hear obscene chewing. You're losing it, Laurie.
I thought it was an obscene phone call.
I had my mouth full. Couldn't you hear me?
Why didn't you say anything? You scared me to death.
Of course.
Annie, was that you?
Why did you hang up on me?
Hello?
Okay. Bye.
Well, home sweet home. I'll see you later.
The guys think I'm too smart.
It's tragic. You never go out. You must have a small fortune stashed from babysitting so much.
Cute.
Poor Laurie. You scared another one away.
He was standing right here.
Subtle, isn't he? Hey creep!
That man who drove by so fast, the one you yelled at.
I don't see anything.
Behind that bush there.
Look where?
Look.
Terrific. I've got three choices. Watch the kid sleep, listen to Lynda screw, or talk to you.
I'M baby sitting for the Doyles. It's only three houses away. We can keep each other company.
I forgot my chemistry book.
I have a place for that.
Shit!
Exploring uncharted territory?
I'm never smiling again. Paul dragged me into the boys' locker room to tell me...
What's wrong, Annie? You're not smiling.
Come with me.
Yes.
I want to stay here and watch this.
Look, Lindsey, I thought we understood each other...
I don't want to.
Well, come on, get your coat. We're going to pick up Paul.
I don't know.
Then why are you sitting here with half the lights off?
I'm scared.
I know. Pull my legs. I'm stuck.
You locked yourself in.
Lindsey, open the door! I'm locked in the laundry room!
Annie, Paul's on the phone!
No, he's not.
Lindsey, Lester's barking again and getting on my nerves again.
Here, Lester.
Get him out of here!
YEAH?
I thought you were gonna get one for me.
Go get me a beer.
Yeah.
Is that all you say?
Yeah.
Want a beer?
Yeah.
Fantastic. Totally.
I can't. What if it's the Wallaces!? We'd get Annie in trouble.
Just answer the damn phone.
That's great. Now you'll be too drunk to...
And I can't keep you interested?
I can't help it. It just keeps ringing.
Annie probably took Lindsey out or something. Let's look for a note.
I wonder where they went.
Totally...
...Then you rip my clothes off. Then we rip LYNDSEY'S clothes off. I think I've got it.
You idiot!
Okay. First I rip your clothes off...
Now... First we'll talk a little, then Annie will distract Lindsey and we sneak quietly up the stairs to the first bedroom on the left. Got it?
Yeah.
Promise?
Yeah, sure.
Will you call me tomorrow?
I gotta go.
Michael's around someplace...
We're all alone, aren't we?
Are you sure?
My parents won't be back till ten.
Three blocks down. Get in the car and go up that other street and then back down here. I'm going up the block.
Where?
I found the car! He's here!
Where were you? I went back to the Myers house...
I'll stay out with you tonight, Doctor, just on the chance that you're right. And if you are right, damn you for letting him out.
They could be.
More fancy talk... You want to know what Haddonfield is? Families. Children, all lined up in rows, up and down these streets. You're telling me they're lined up for a slaughterhouse.
I watched him for fifteen years, sitting in a room staring at a wall, not seeing the wall, seeing past it, seeing THIS NIGHT. He's waited for it, inhumanly patient. Hour after hour, day after day, waiting for some silent, invisible alarm to trigger him. Death has arrived in your little town, sheriff. You can ignore it, or you can help me stop it.
Well, it's going to take more than fancy talk to keep me up all night creeping around these bushes.
Exactly what do you need?
You're not coming up with much to prove me wrong.
You have the wrong feeling.
Nothing's going on. Just kids playing pranks, trick or treating, partying, getting high... I have the feeling you're way off on this...
Sure...
You all right?
Jesus!
I'll check back in an hour.
If you do they'll be seeing him everywhere, on every street corner, in every house. Just tell your men to shut their mouths and open their eyes.
I keep thinking I should call the radio and TV stations...
He was here, earlier tonight, and he may be coming back. I'm going to wait for him.
What do we do?
I am.  I met him fifteen years ago. I was told there was nothing left, no conscience, no reason, no understanding, in even the most rudimentary sense, of life or death or right or wrong. I met this six- year-old boy with a blank, cold emotionless face and the blackest of eyes, the Devil's eyes. I spent eight years trying to reach him and another seven trying to keep him locked away when I realized what was living behind that boy's eyes was purely and simply... evil.
Looks like to me you're just plain scared.
I suppose I do seem a bit sinister for a doctor.
He isn't a man.
A man wouldn't do that...
Could have...
Come on... A skunk could have killed it...
They may be right.
Not since 1963, since it happened. Every kid in Haddonfield thinks this place is haunted.
Anybody live here?
I'll be here.
Ten minutes.
It's important.
May be a few minutes. I gotta stick around here...
I'd like to talk to you, if I could.
Lee Brackett.
Sheriff? I'm Doctor Sam Loomis.
Have a good time.
Okay. Later.
They probably stopped off somewhere. Have her call me when she gets back. I've got Lyndsey here and I want to know what time to put her to bed.
Well, she's totally not here.
No. I thought she'd be home by now. She went to pick up Paul.
Is Annie around?
Nothing. I was just sitting down for the first time tonight.
Hi, Laurie, what's up?
Totally.
Annie, some day you're going to get us all in deep trouble.
I don't think so...
Isn't that David Graham? He's cute.
The only reason she babysits is to have a place to...
I thought you were babysitting tonight.
It's your own fault and I don't feel sorry for you.
As usual, I don't have anything to do.
TOTALLY!
I think you have too much to do tomorrow.
It's totally insane! We have three new cheers to learn in the morning, the game in the afternoon, I get my hair done at five, and the dance is at eight. I'll be totally wiped out!
No! Do as I say.
Laurie, you come with us...
But you can't kill the bogyman.
I killed him...
How?
Yes.
Are you sure?
Was it the bogyman?
Now I want you to change your clothes, Tommy. We're going to take a walk outside.
HURRY!
It's the bogyman, isn't it?
DO WHAT I SAY! NOW!
I'm scared...
Be quiet! Get Lindsey and get into the bedroom and lock the door!
What is it, Laurie?
Tommy, I want you to go back upstairs...
Tommy, let me in!
Who is it?
I said, stop it! There is no bogyman. There's nothing out there. If you don't stop all this, I'm turning off the TV and you go to bed.
I saw him...
Tommy, stop it! You're scaring Lindsey.
Can we make the Jack-O-Lantern now?
I promise.
Promise?
And I'm here tonight and I won't let him get to you.
Right.
We're no getting anywhere. All right, look, Tommy. The bogyman can only come out on Halloween night, right?
The bogyman!
What did he look like?
There WAS.
There was no one outside.
I saw the bogyman. I saw him outside.
Tommy, Halloween night is when you play tricks on people and scare them. It's all make believe.
No...
Do you believe everything that Richie tells you?
Richie said he was coming after me tonight.
There is no such thing.
What about the bogyman?
After the Jack-O-Lantern.
What about the rest of my comic books?
After the movie.
What about the Jack-O-Lantern?
I'm so embarrassed. I couldn't face him...
Laurie...
Laurie, what's the Boogey Man?
'Neutron Man'... 'Laser Man'... I can see why. 'Tarantula Man'...
Mom doesn't like me to have them.
Why are they under there?
Not any more.
But king Arthur was always your favorite.
I don't like that story.
..."how now, cried Arthur. 'Then no one may pass this way without a fight?' 'That is so,' answered the night in a bold and haughty manner..."
See you.
I gotta go. I'll see you tonight.
Lonnie Elam probably won't get out of the sixth grade.
Lonnie Elam said never to go up there. Lonnie Elam said that's a haunted house. He said real awful stuff happened there once.
Just watch.
Uh-uh. That's a spook house.
Yes, I am.
Sure. Sure.
Will you read to me? Can we make popcorn?
Sure.
Can we watch the monster movies?
Sure.
Can we make Jack-O-Lanterns?
Same time, same place.
Are you coming over tonight?
Hi, Tommy.
Hey, Laurie...
Listen to me. I want you to walk down the street to the MacKensie's and knock on their door. You tell them to call the police and send them over here. Do you understand?
You're coming with us...
Now, I want you to walk to the door, down the stairs and right out the front door.
There's nothing to be scared of now. Get changed.
I'm scared!
You've had enough. Why don't we just sit down and watch the rest of this movie.
Let's make more popcorn.
Everybody has a good time tonight. Okay, kids, what do you want to do now?
Okay.
Well, go tell her it's me, okay?
She's washing her clothes.
Will you get her for me?
Yes, she is.
Hi, Lindsey, this is Paul. Is Annie there?
Hello.
He was doing all right last night. Maybe somebody around here gave him lessons.
Sam, Haddonfield is a hundred and fifty miles from here. How could he get there? He can't drive.
I'm wasting time.
PROBABLY going.
You can get back on the telephone and tell them exactly what walked out of here last night. And tell them where he's going.
There's nothing else I can do.
I notified everybody! Nobody listened.
He was your patient, Doctor. If the precautions weren't sufficient, you should have notified...
You must have told them we shocked him into a grinning idiot. Two roadblocks and an all-points bulletin wouldn't stop a five-year-old!
I've given them his profile.
Of course not.
I'm not responsible, Sam.
He said something else. "It's all right now. He's gone. The evil's gone."
I don't think this is any time to be funny...
He asked me if I could help him find his purple lawnmower.
What did he say?
Move it!
Shouldn't we pick him up?
Pull up to the entrance!
You don't have anything to worry about. He hasn't spoken a word in 15 years.
The only thin that ever bothers me is their jibberish. When they start raving on and on...
I couldn't if I tried.
You don't have to make this harder than it already is.
It means... I see.
What does that mean?
I see.
Only minimum security.
Ever done anything like this before?
Your compassion is overwhelming, Doctor.
If you say so.
I think we should refer to 'it' as 'him.'
Just try to understand what we're dealing with here. Don't underestimate it.
Are there any special instructions?
The driveway's a few hundred yards up on your right.
That's the idea. Here we are.
He'll barely be able to sit up.
Thorazin.
What did you use before?
...then he gets another physical by the state, and he makes his appearance before the judge. That should take four hours if we're lucky, then we're on our way.
I can't believe it!
I love that.  That's my type.
He's the--He looks like Ichabod Crane?
Mmm?
Hm-mm.  Oh, yeah.  I met Phil.
Oh, listen...
...because there are no interesting single men at this party!
Come in, come in.
Oh, good...
Mm-mm!
...any sister talk?
Great.
And then, uh, April...huh?
Yeah.
Uh --
Uh, who gets dropped first?
A lot of works.
Yeah.
Look at this.
That's just --
Great.
Well, let's do it.
Oh, yeah.
You want to see some?
What are your favorite buildings, David?
Oh--
You know, April, people pass by vital structures in this city all the time, and they never take the time to appreciate them.  I get the feeling you tune in to your environment.
Yeah.
Are you really interested?
Wha--  What kind of things do you build?
Oh.
Hi.
Well, let's hope so.
And the quail is responsible for the quail eggs.
Uh, no, the shrimp puffs are Holly's.  I do the, uh, crpes caviar.
I know.  You're an actress with a great flair for shrimp puffs.
We need more bread and some baked lasa--  uh, lasagne.  Hi.
Look, it's just an evening at the opera.  Did I, I-I do wrong in accepting?
Gee, um...  I...I don't know what to say.
I know.  I said that, but...  he said it was something he really felt like doing.
But I'm seeing him.
Well, I-I-I didn't know what to say. First I said no, but then, he pressed it.  He said, uh, he'd taken you once and he really wanted to invite me.
And you, you-you're going?
He wants to take me to see Rigoletto.
I, uh, I'm very surprised.
No, he called late last night.
You're joking.
Uh, David called me last night, and he wants to take me to the opera.  I didn't know what to say.
What?
Oh, uh, listen, David called me up.
Yeah, we have Mr. Morris Levine's eightieth birthday party on Riverside Drive...or Riverside Memorial Chapel, depending on his health.
Oh, I'm just glad we have a catering job this week.  I'm real low on money.
I'm telling you, you sounded great. You, uh, you may be surprised.
I mean, it's jammed.  If we went... um...
Well, sometimes, some, uh...
If...well, if we took the, if we took Fifth, then-then-then we'd get to your house first, yeah?
Uh...
Well, wait.  You know what?  I know.
It depends on what way you want to go.
Uh...
Yeah, I, we both live downtown.
Well, I live downtown.
Okay.
Oh, geez, yeah.
Yeah.
Well...we have seen a lot of stuff today, though.
It's really terrible.
...a monstrosity!  Who would do that?
That's disgusting!
It feels like you're in France.
Yeah.
It's French, though.  It really is.
It's almost...almost, uhhh, entirely wholly interdependent, if you know what I mean.  I-I... I can't put it into words.  The important thing is-is-is it-it breathes.
Right.
Uh-- APRIL  I-i-it has an o-organic quality, you know.
Oh, is that what it is?
Oh!
Oh, it's magnificent!
Wow, it's the red one?
Oh, in this we're a big hit. Yesterday I auditioned for Come Back Little Sheba.  That, I wasn't such a big hit.
We're a big hit.
Mmm.
Hannah will invite some men over who don't look like Ichabod Crane.
No, really, we mustn't get discouraged.
No, really, I really like him a lot.
I mean, I've looked everywhere.
I know.  It's terrible!
And maybe my lawyer.
Okay, Norman, listen, I really want to talk about this at home.  I think it's a matter for your analyst...and mine.
I gave blood before and, uh... clothing to the poor.
Do you remember that summer in France?  Hannah, you had jet lag for six straight weeks.
Hmm?
Right.
We got that idea on that trip to Paris.
Yeah, it was funny, it was very funny.  But the show was about the two Frenchmen, now that was funny and it was warm.
Mm-hm.
No, the funniest show that Mickey and I ever did was the one we won the Emmy for.
Oh, that was a wonderful show.  I think that's the best show you two ever wrote.
Oh, okay.
Well, I-I guess if you live in Chelsea, that's probably first.
Yes.
Y-you live in Chelsea, don't you?
Right.  Yeah, but Fifth is so jammed, isn't it?
We could...we could do that.
Well...
Oh, gee, I don't know.  Um...
Fast.
Maybe we should start thinking about going home, huh?
Yeah.
It does.
And it ruins everything else.
It's really sad.
They fit right in together.  And your eye goes along, lulled into complacency, and then...
Yeah.
And it's got a handsome partner sitting right beside it.
...and open the French doors and go on the balcony --
Yes.
Oh, it's just so romantic.  I just want to put on a long gown...
And in the material. That's...that's unpolished red granite. 
Uh-huh.
The design's deliberately noncontextural.  But I wanted to... keep the atmosphere of the street, you know, and the proportions.
It's terrific!
Yeah.
What time do you get off?
Yeah.
I'm an architect.
Oh, what, what do you do?
I cry at the opera.
We saw, um, Pavarotti, eh, uh, in Ernani at the Met, and I cried...
What makes you think we're more interesting?
Now I'm going to tell you the truth. I really came in here because I was bored stiff by the party.
Yeah, we're the Stanislavski Catering Company.
You're Holly.
Ah! HOLLY  Now.
Here, I stole you a couple of extra clams.
Oh no.  Not at all.
Really?  Is the food that bad?
Is this your first job?
We're actresses.
Listen, you guys are too attractive to be caterers.  Something's wrong.
Really?  How flattering!  Did you try the shrimp puffs?
I can't resist.
Only a few.  A few.  Do you like 'em?
Excuse me, are there any more claims?
It's nothing.  Will you trust me?
Like what?
You know, there's no reason for panic.  I just want to rule out some things.
Well, if it's nothing, then why do I have to go into the hospital at all?  I mean, uh, I hear perfectly fine, so I'm, so I'm a little weak on the, on the high decibels.  So I, you know, I won't go to the opera.
Now, don't get alarmed.  These are just more sophisticated audiometry tests than I can run here.  I mean, it's, it's nothing.
The hospital?  What kind of tests?
What I'd like to do, is to make an appointment for you at the hospital. I'd like to have them run some tests.
Yes, is it, is it, uh, healthier to have problems in both ears?
And it's just in one ear?
Yes, now-now that you mention it, uh, I-I-I have, uh, buzzing and also ringing.  Ringing and buzzing. Um, am I going deaf, or something?
You've had some dizzy spells.  What about ringing and buzzing? Have you, uh, noticed any of that?
Oh, uh, about a month ago.  Wha- what do I have?
When did you first notice this?
I always, I-I always imagine that I have things.
No, I-I've been perfectly healthy. You know me.
Have you been exposed to a loud noise recently, or did you have a virus?
Really?!
Well, I'm sorry to say you have had a significant drop in the high- decibel range of your right ear.
Let's take a look.
Now I ca-can't remember.
Yes, a little dizziness, and I think, I think I'm developing a hearing loss in my right ear  ...or my left ear, my, my left...oh, n-n-n-no.  No, I'm sorry.  It was my right, my right, my right or my left ear.
You mentioned on the phone that you'd had some dizziness.
Well, this guy's the real hypochondriac of the family.  I mean, he's, you know, he's--
...and, uh, he complained of chest pains.
Mm-hm.
You know, I saw your father this week about his sinus...
So, so, but it was when I was younger, so--
This time I really think I have something.
So what's the, uh, problem this time?
Are you okay?  You look-- You're sweatin'. ELLIOT  Yeah.  Yeah, I just-just need so- some-some fresh air.  It's probably something I ate.  I'll-I'll walk. You go ahead.
Now, look, you-you-you go on ahead.
It's not that big a deal.  We just didn't hit it off.
Look I-I-I'll be okay.  I'll be okay.
What a weirdo that guy is!  Paranoid.  What's the matter with you?
Yeah, I got an Andy Warhol.  And I got a Frank Stella, too.  Oh, it's very beautiful.  Big, weird...you know.  If you stare at that Stella too long, the colors just seem to float. It's kinda weird.
I told him about your work, and he's very excited.
How ya doin', man?
Yeah.  It's kind of a weird place, actually.  A lotta wall space. 
Dusty's just bought a huge house in Southampton and he's in the process of decorating it.
'Cause I got a lot of wall space there. 
Yeah.  Some of them...yeah, some of them are very big.
Well, are...are they big?
Frederick's done this whole new series that I'm sure you would really love.
Uh-huh.
I got a lot more to learn, though. I really wasn't into art when I was a kid.
Yeah?
Are you excited about becoming a collector? DUSTY Yeah.
Hi.
Hi, Dusty.
...cannot go on the air.
We--
We nev-- We don't name names!  We say the Pope.
Yes, but you name names.
Read the papers!  Half the country's doing it!
...with the affiliates.
Could you--
Child molestation is a touchy subject...
Okay.  Why, all of a sudden, is the sketch dirty? 
Ed Smythe, yes.
You--  Standards and Practices?
Ah, it's over!  Elliot, I mean it. It's over!
Lee...
I care a great deal about him, yes.
And you're in love overnight?
Yeah.  Uh, well, sure we did.  An- an-and in a way you led me on, because I truly believed you were unhappy with Hannah.  Otherwise, I would never have let myself be drawn in.  I was very weak.  So were you.  Now I've met someone else.
Yeah, but we-we made so many plans.
It's been nearly a year since our first time and you're still married to my sister, which...I now realize is fine because you're probably much more in love with her than you know.
But it hasn't been forever. 
I've got to be honest with you.  I met someone else.  I've met someone else.  I...I told you I wasn't going to wait forever.
If-if-if you can believe I have such feelings for you!
Look, I'm just as much at fault.
Uh...  I-I-I know.  I deserve this.
It's over, Elliot.  I don't know how to make it any clearer.  It's over.  I can't see you anymore.
Oh, not here.  There are too many people around.
Is something wrong?
No.
You've been very cold to me tonight.
I want you to take care of me... And I love when you do things to me.
Yes, she's, she's very warm, but, but it-it's me that wants to be giving to you.  I-I-I want to do things for you.  Hannah doesn't need me as much.  I'm being presumptuous.  Not that you need me.
I know she must be a really passionate person.
Oh, all the time.
You really do have those thoughts, don't you?
Oh, my God.
I was so worried I wouldn't compare with Hannah.
I don't want anyone else ever to have you.
That was just perfect.  You've ruined me for anyone else.
I know it isn't.
This is not an easy situation.
I promised myself I wouldn't let this happen till you were living alone.  I was so torn when you called.
I-I couldn't think where to invite you without taking risks.
No, no-no-no, I'm sure.
I didn't sleep all night.
Lee... uh...
I almost didn't.
I thought you weren't coming.
Oh, please, I have to go.  I have to get my teeth cleaned.
Your guilt is because you feel the same.
Oh, Elliot, please!  I can't be a party to this!  I'm suddenly wracked with guilt just standing her talking to you on the street!
Yes, but you, you do care about me.
Look, don't do anything on my behalf.  I live with Frederick, and Hannah and I are close.
O-o-o-okay, Lee.  Okay, okay.  You, you, y-you've said enough.  It's my responsibility now.  I will work things out.
Yes!  But I...I have certain feelings for you, but don't make me say anything more, all right?
W-well, please be candid.  I, I-I don't want you to feel bad.
I can't say anything!
But-but, but how about you?  Do you, do you share any of my feelings? Or is this just an unpleasant embarrassment to you?
Poor Hannah.
Tch, no!  We were, we were both going in different directions.
But not over me?
Tch, w-well, for a million reasons.
Why?
Oh, no, no, no.  It, uh, it-it-it- it was i-inevitable that Hannah and I part, anyway.
Oh, I can't be the cause of anything between you and Hannah.  I jus--
Oh, no, no.  Well, yes!  I love you.
Not because of me, I hope.
Wh--, it-it-it-it, it's so sad. She's crazy about me, but somewhere on the, along the line, I've fallen out of love with her.
Wh-- She's never said anything, and we're very close.  She'd tell me such a thing.
Hannah and I are in the last stages.
What do you expect me to say?
I know!  I-I-I-I, I realize.
Why, you know the situation.
I-I, I'm sorry.  I know it's terrible.
Oh, don't say those words!
Wh--, uh, I know, I know but, I am in love with you.
Well, how do you expect me to react to such a thing?
I, I must apologize.  I-I'm, I-I'm sorry.  I'm so mixed up.
I was looking for you.
I have been in love with you for so long.
Elliot!
I...I'm-I'm-I'm-I'm sorry.  I have to talk to you for... There's so much that I want to tell you.
What are you doing?!
Oh!
Lee!  Lee!  Lee, I'm in love with you.
Elliot!  Don't!
Did you ever read this one--?
And be ready to make light of the offer if she's unresponsive.  This has to be done very skillfully, very diplomatically.
Yes, it made me cry  it was so beautiful...so romantic.
Did you ever get around to the poem on page a hundred and twelve?
Oh, right.
They have a very large gay clientele, you know, where I get my teeth cleaned, and...all the hygienists now wear gloves because they're afraid of AIDS.
Yes, he's just adorable.
Uh...did you ever get around to e.e. cummings?
I know this.  Bach.  F Minor Concerto.  It's one of my favorites.
Isn't that beautiful?
Oh, that's nice.  I'd love to see her wind up settled.  She's a tense one. 
Oh, and Holly met a wonderful man who loves opera.  An architect.
Oh, I would love to hear it.
Yeah.
Oh, you-you have that one?
Oh, speaking of records...I bought that Mozart Trio you recommended...
He's got like six gold records.
Oh.
Yes.  This kid, he's earned a trillion dollars.
Oh, yeah, that's really nice of you.
I figured I'd get, uh, Frederick and Dusty together.
Oh, that's nice.
I have to get my teeth cleaned this week.
But I go nuts.  It's a conflict.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, she loves to go out in the woods.
Oh, you know...I talked to Hannah this morning on the phone, and she said that you two might be going to the country for the weekend.
How's everything?
Bye.
Bye.
Page a hundred and twelve.
And, uh, d-don't forget the poem on page a hundred and twelve.  It reminded me of you.
Well, yeah, yeah.  You'd love it. It's really entertaining.  You'd have a good time.  I know you would.
Thanks for showing me the bookstore. Perhaps you could, uh, take me to an AA meeting sometime.  Uh...uh, I'd love to see what goes on.
Well, thanks a lot.
And-and maybe, um...maybe we could discuss it sometime.
Well, sure.
Yes, I'd...I-I-I'd love, I'd love to get you this.
Uh, uh, this is great.  I mean, I love e.e. cummings, but I can't let you get this.
I-I read a poem of you and thought of his last week.  A poem of  his and thought of you last--  You'll be fine, though.  Lee walks over to Elliot in the center aisle.  She looks at the book.
No, I don't think so.
Oh, oh, yes.  I-I-I-'d like to, uh, uh, very much.
Oh, no, I can't let you get me that. That's too much.
e.e. cummings.  I'd like to get you this.
Oh, yes.  Who doesn't?  Look!
Fine.  Oh, we went to the Caravaggio exhibition at the Met.  It's such a treat to go through a museum with Frederick.  I mean...you learn so much.  Do you like Caravaggio?
How-how's Frederick?
I'm...all right.
Yeah.  How are you?
Everything's okay? 
Yes.
Yes?
Uh, yes!
No?
No!  No...
You seem tense.  Is everything all right?  You feel okay?
No, no.  I-I-I understand completely. No problem.  Y-you're busy.  I-I-I...
No, I don't have time.
Unless, of course, if-if you had some time, I mean, we could get some coffee.
Well, you sure picked the right place.  I mean, you can stay here all afternoon, not buy anything and just read.
Oh, book?  Oh, no, I...  I'm killing time.  I...I-I just, uh, w-want to browse, uh...
What book did you want to buy? ELLIOT  What?  Book?
Yes, it's-it's wonderful.
Isn't this great?  They have everything here.
Yeah, sure. 
Well, i-if-if you have some free time...
Yeah, you would.
Yes?
Yes? LEE  A couple of blocks from here.  If you don't know about it, you should. You'd really love it.
Don't let me get started on my childhood.  Oh, you know what?  There is a bookstore.
I think to myself  what problems could she possibly have?
Oh, God.
I'll never understand it.  You're so bright and charming and beautiful.
Yeah, unhappy and fat.  And I still find the meetings very comforting, you know.
Oh.  You must have been, uh, very unhappy.
Well, listen, you didn't know me before Frederick.  I'd...I'd start with a beer at about ten in the morning, and...go on.
Oh, I was just going to my AA meeting. ELLIOT Oh, my goodness.  Well, why do you still go to those?  You never tough alcohol.
Where are you headed?
Yes, I do.
Oh, yes!  You live near here, don't you?
Oh.  Well, I live--
How about you?
Ohhhh!
Well, yes, I'm killing time.  I have a client near here and I...I'm quite early.
You're out looking here?
Yes.  Yeah, I-I'm kill--
Oh, what, in this section of town?
Well, I'm-I'm looking for a bookstore.
What are you doing here?
Hi.
Oh, Elliot!
Oh, my goodness!
...ex-husband on the street the other day.
Yeah.
I don't know exactly.
Like, uh...?
Oh, I don't know.  My unemployment checks are running out.  Um, I was thinking of taking some courses at Columbia with the last of my savings.
Really?  So, so, what else?  Wh- what are you up to?
Oh, great.
Oh, well, you know Frederick.  One of his moods.  Although it wasn't a bad week.  He  uh, sold a picture.
How's Frederick?  He didn't come.
Oh, you know, I, I love that book you lent me.  The Easter Parade? You were right.  It had very special meaning for me.
You're not lost.
It's so pitch-black tonight.  I feel lost.
It's hard to be around someone who gives so much and-and needs so little in return!
You matter to me.  Completely.
Leave me alone, can you?!
Well, what do you do?  Do-do-do you talk to Holly, or Lee, or what?  Do you, do you, do you phone them?
Well, maybe I've asked advice once or twice or-or made a joke.
Do you talk to Holly or Lee behind my back?  Do you?  You must.  They- they seem to know so much about us.
Hannah, my head is throbbing. HANNAH  You never want to talk about it. I-- Every time I bring it up, you- you change the subject.  What is it? Do you-- We're communicating less and less.  You sleep with me less and less.
Well, what is it then?  What?  Eh, what's come between us?  How have I alienated you?
No.
I'm not accusing.  I'm asking.  Do you...do you find me too...too giving?  Too-too-too competent?  Too-too, I don't know, disgustingly perfect or something?
Me?  Of course not. HANNAH There's things Holly wrote about in her script about us that are so...personal they could only have come from you.
Have you been talking to Holly or Lee about us?  About our-our personal life?
What, you, of c-- What are you talking about?  Of course not.  I'd be destroyed!
No!  But you keep asking these, these awful questions.  My God, it's-it's like you want me to say yes!
Are you?
What kind of interrogation... Su- supposing I said yes?  I-I-I am disenchanted.  I am in love with someone else.
Well, what?  What, wh-what are you not telling me?
My God!  Wha-what is this?  The Gestapo?  No.
Are you in love with someone else?
I didn't say that.
Do you feel, um...are you disenchanted with our marriage?
No!
Are you angry with me?
Oh, let's not--I, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
I-I-I know, but there's got to be some give and take.
Yeah, but I...uh--I thought you needed that.  When-when-when we met, you said your life was chaos.
You know, y-you have some very set plans on how your life should be structured.  A-a house, uh, kids, certain schools, a h--, a home in Connecticut.  I-it's all very...preconceived.
But what do, what do you--  what's that mean?  W-w-we've been, we've been married for four years. How settled can things get?
Well...I-I think we should wait till things settle.
I want one with you.
But, you got four children!
Well, tell me.  Should I be worried?
I don't know.
Why do you say that?  Is there something wrong?
Because it's the last thing in the world we need right now.
Why not?
Well, I-I don't think it's a very good idea.
Yes, you were.  A-and when I, when I brought up the idea of having a baby, you just, you jumped down my throat.
Was I?
Yes.  I know.  The last few weeks, you haven't been yourself.  And tonight at, tonight at dinner, you, you were kind of curt with me.
I don't know.  Um...I'm just antsy.
Are you in a bad mood?
Yeah, I know.  I-I can't believe I forgot.
It's so late.
I've, uh...gotta find, gotta get a phone number in my desk.  I forgot to phone Mel Kaufman.
Where're you going?
Holly and April, thanks for helping.
You bet.
Mmm.
Let's go have dinner, shall we?
God, Mickey's such a hypochondriac. I wonder how he'd handle it if there was ever anything really wrong with him?
That's where your talent lies.
I know.
Great idea.
Ohhh, but I've eaten five of these.
No, she doesn't, either.  You've got tons as well.
She has all the cooking talent.
I know!  I know!
Your sister is an unbelievable cook.
Aren't they great?
They're fantastic.
Have you tried these?  These are wonderful.  Holly and her friend made them.
Mm-hm?
Oh, honey!
Oh, Mom!
It's on the table, Dad.
I want ice!  Who's got some--  Oh, there it is.
We were making a commercial down at the mayor's office, and there was this young, good-looking salesman...
Hi, Mom.  How you doing?  Here, let me get you some coffee.  That's enough of that.  What triggered it?
Always.
Don't make it worse, Dad.
I am glad to see you.
Hi.  How's she doing?
...just for a second.  So, now I got that out of my system and I can go back to the thing that makes me happiest.
Yeah.
I don't know about that.  Oh, no, I just, see, I-I've been very, very lucky.  W-when I had the kids, I decided to stop working and just, you know, devote myself to having the family, and I've been very, very happy  but...I've always secretly hoped that maybe some little gem would come along and tempt me back on the stage...
And we drink to her, and we all congratulate her on her wonderful accomplishment during this last year...her great success in A Doll's House!
I am... I did slave all day.
This is a toast.  You know this beautiful Thanksgiving dinner was all...
Get his wine away.
...this is a toast!  This is a toast.
Mom, come out!
I'll either be unconscious or I won't.  If not, I'll deal with it then.  I'm not gonna worry now about what's gonna be when I'm unconscious.
Well, it certainly doesn't look promising.
How do you know?
Yeah, I know.  But never to exist again!
Of what?  I'll be unconscious.
I don't understand.  Aren't you frightened?
Who thinks about such nonsense? Now I'm alive.  When I'm dead, I'll be dead.
That thought doesn't terrify you?
So?
Oh! 'Cause you won't exist!
Why should I be afraid?
So, just 'cause I was born that way... You know, I'm old enough to make a mature decision.
But why?  We raised you as a Jew.
I know it sounds funny, but I'm gonna try.
Because I got off to a wrong foot with my own thing, you know.  B-b- b-but I need a dramatic change in my life. FATHER  You're gonna believe in Jesus Christ?
But Catholicism?  Why not your own people?
Well, because I never thought of God in my life.  Now I'm giving it serious thought.
How can we be happy?
I don't understand.  I thought that you would be happy.
Tch, oh, what do you get out of me, anyway?  I mean...  it's not sexual anymore.  It's certainly not intellectual.  I mean, you're so superior to me in every way that--
Oh...
Oh, God, I don't even know what I want.
Jesus...Jesus!
Oh, God, that's too much responsibility for me.  It's not fair!  I want a less complicated life, Frederick.  I want a husband, maybe even a child before it's too late.
You are, you are my only connection to the world!
It doesn't make a difference!  I have to move out!
But who?  Where did you meet him?
What's the difference?!  It's just somebody I met!
Who is it?
But you, God, you knew that was going to happen sooner or later.  I can't live like this!
Yeah.
So you met somebody else?
I'm saying it now!
Oh, couldn't you say something? You have to slither around behind my back!
I'm sorry.
Oh, Christ!  What's wrong with you?!
Stop accusing me!
You've been with someone!
No.
Oh, yes, you have!
No.
Oh...Lee, you are my whole world.  Good God!  Have you been kissed tonight?!
Well, maybe it'll only be temporary, but I ha--I have to try.
Tch, oh.  I always told you you would leave me.  But...does it have to be now?
I don't know.  I thought, maybe I'd move in with my parents for a while.
What are you going to use for money?!
Because I have to!
Why?
Yes, we're going to have this conversation again.  I...I have to leave.  I have to move out.
Oh!  Are we going to have this conversation again?
Oh, you know what.  I'm suffocating!
Like what?
When you leave the nest, I just want you to be ready to face the real world.
I'm not your pupil.  I was, but I'm not.
I'm just trying to complete an education I started on you five years ago.
I can't take this anymore.
You know, you've been very nervous lately.
You missed a very dull TV show about Auschwitz.  More gruesome film clips...and more puzzled intellectuals declaring their mystification over the systematic murder of millions.
Lucy and I kept talking, and I didn't realize how late it had gotten.
I'm not interested in what your interior decorator would think, okay?!
What's the problem?
Oh, Frederick!
I don't sell my work by the yard!
They're in the basement.
Big.  Frederick, show him the oils.
Oh, no, no, no.  He's my sister's husband.  And I think if you gave him half a chance, you'd like him. He's very intelligent.
...or films you must see or... 
Based on what?  You never even see him.
Elliot lusts after you.
Yeah.
Me?
Because he likes you.
Mmm  you never know.  They might.  He's just trying to do the nice thing.
Have I really taught you everything I have to give?  I don't think so.
Mm-hm.
Well, there was a time  when you were very happy to be only with me.  You wanted to learn everything about poetry, about music.
...you're such a puzzle.  So sweet with me and so...contemptuous of everyone else. 
Hmm?
Mmm...
Isn't it enough that I can love you?
Lee...  you are the only person I can be with...who I really look forward to being with. 
You're not going to abuse them. They're all so sweet.
I'm going through a period of my life where I just can't be around people.  I didn't want to wind up abusing anyone.
God!  And why didn't you come tonight? We all had a terrific time.  I really think you would have enjoyed yourself.
Mmm, what am I gonna do with you? 
Absolutely.
Are you sure?
No, nothing.
How about something to eat?
No, thank you.
Want some coffee or tea?
I can't stay on this show.  I gotta get some answers.  Otherwise  I'm telling you, I'm going to do something drastic.
Maybe you need a few weeks in Bermuda, or something.  Or go to a whorehouse!  No?
Listen, kid, I think you snapped your cap.
Yes!
I know, I know, and your hamster.
...you know it, it just takes the pleasure out of everything.  I mean, you're gonna die, I'm gonna die, the audience is gonna die, the network's gonna-- The sponsor. Everything!
Yes, but doesn't that ruin everything for you?  That makes everything...
Tch, well, you know, eventually it, it is going to happen to all of us.
I went into a store, I bought a rifle.  I was gonna... You know, if they told me that I had a tumor, I was going to kill myself.  The only thing that mighta stopped me, might've, is my parents would be devastated.  I would, I woulda had to shoot them, also, first.  And then, I have an aunt and uncle, I would have... You know, it would have been a bloodbath.
No.
A week ago, I bought a rifle.
Yes, please.
Can I tell you something?  Can I tell you a secret?
Yeah.  What?
Well, I don't realize it now, I know it all the time, but, but I managed to stick it in the back of my mind...
You're just realizing this now?
No, I'm not dying now, but, but  you know, when I ran out of the hospital, I, I was so thrilled because they told me I was going to be all right.  And I'm running down the street, and suddenly I stop, 'cause it hit me, all right, so, you know, I'm not going to go today. I'm okay.  I'm not going to go tomorrow.  But eventually, I'm going to be in that position.
Yeah...but you're not dying!
Can you understand how meaningless everything is?  Everything!  I'm talking about nnnn--our lives, the show...the whole world, it's meaningless.
Mickey, you're off the hook.  You should be celebrating.
Do you realize what a thread we're all hanging by?
No, I was happy, but I just didn't realize I was happy.
Eh, you were miserable this morning! We got bad reviews, terrible ratings, the sponsors are furious...
I--How was I to know?!  Everyone was pointing back here.
It was on your shirt!
Naturally, I, I--Do you know I--The sudden appearance of a black spot on my back!
Two months ago, you thought you had a malignant melanoma.
You--I got the classic symptoms of a brain tumor!
But you don't have any symptoms!
Don't say that!  I don't want to hear that word!  Don't mention that while I'm in the building.
I don't know.  Cancer, I--
Like what?!  What?
Well, he has to rule out certain things. 
If there's nothing wrong with me  then why does he want me to come back for tests?!
But there's nothing wrong with you.
I can't keep my mind on the show.
Mickey, come on, we got a show to do!
Oh, God!  Do you hear a buzzing?  Is there a buzzing?
But not you.
You don't have a brain tumor.  He didn't say you had a brain tumor. MICKEY  No, naturally  they're not gonna tell you, because, well, you know, th--, sometimes the weaker ones will panic if you tell 'em.
Like-- 
Hello?
N-n-no, not that.
Ron...Ronny, you know you do have to go on in twenty-five minutes.
Oh, Jesus!
Yeah?
Look at this guy.
No--
In-in-in-instead of the child molestation sketch, why don't we repeat the Cardinal Spellman Ronald Reagan homosexual dance number?
You know... 
Mickey, Mickey, listen, listen.
Yeah.  I'll get some ice.
I know, she...she really writes good dialogue.
Hey, Hannah, did you read that last thing Holly wrote?  It was great. She's really developed.
I think we need to eat.
Yeah?
I'm-I'm okay.  Yeah, I-I-I, you know, I...I'm just, um, I got dizzy all of a sudden.  I'm-I'm...I have a headache.
What's the matter?  What's the matter with you?  You look pale.  You okay?
She's going through a really rough time right now.
Oh, now-- 
Oh, will you stop attacking Hannah?!
You are, Holly.  Stop it.
What do--?  You're being ridiculous.
Oh, no!  I mean, everyone thinks things like that.
I mean, I don't know, he's seeing someone else or something, but...
Like what?
I've been trying to talk to him about it.  He says everything's fine, but I don't know. Automatically, you know, I leap to the worst conclusions.
Oh...
Yeah.  I-I don't know what's wrong with him.  He's just...kind of distant and difficult.
Really?
Oh, he's fine.  He's-he's, I guess he's fine.  I don't know.  He's been kinda moody lately, the last few months.
Y-yeah.
You know, how's everything?  You doing okay?  How's Frederick?  I mean, Elliot.
I'm okay.
How are you?
I can't believe Elliot and I can't think of someone nice for you to go out with, you know--
No.
Do you miss Frederick?
Oh, me, I'm okay.
So how are you?
Oh, Hannah, she's-she's just embarrassed in front of you, that's all.
...'cause every time I try to be helpful, you know, sh-she gets so defensive.
Why?
I hope you tell her it was your idea...
Oh, yeah?  How's she doing?
Hi.  She's auditioning for a television commercial.  She said she's gonna be a little late.
Hi.  Where's Holly?
He was, he's just as crazy as ever. He was on his way to get a blood test. 
Oh, yeah?
I bumped into your...
Doesn't she look pretty?
Come on.
You look so beautiful.
Oh, great.
Okay.
Oh, I don-- Ask Elliot for that. Uh, he's got them somewhere.
You've outdone yourself.
I think they're fantastic.
Aah... Hey, have you tried Holly and her friend's shrimp puffs?
Right.  We felt that if we were gonna do it, that we would like somebody who we knew and who we liked and who was warm and bright and...
Um, I-I didn't really want to, you know, go to a sperm bank or something, have some anonymous donor.  I-I just, you know, I-I-I wouldn't want that.
W-w-we-we've decided after a lot of discussion that we-we'd try with artificial insemination.
Hannah and I...can't have any children.  Now I-I-I don't want to get into whose fault it--  It's my fault that we can't and- and-and the details are too embarrassing to--
Just think about it.  That's all I ask.
With a, with a stranger?  With a--
I want to experience childbirth.
Fro--?  You want a-a defrosted kid? Is that your idea?
Yeah, they have these banks, you know, where they keep them frozen.
What, by a st-stranger?
You know, where I-I-I would get implanted from a-a donor.
What are you talking about?
Well, what about artificial insemination?
Maybe, maybe we can adopt a child. He said you could adopt one--
Hey, you gonna start knocking my hobbies?  Jesus!
I don't know.  Excessive masturbation?
How could I ruin myself?  What do you mean, ruin myself?
Could you have ruined yourself somehow?
I'm so humiliated.  I don't know what to say.  I mean--
Well, then a third opinion.
This is the second opinion.
Is there no chance?
Gee.
Go out, go out by the Sung vase and, and catch this.
Wow!
Come on!  Hurry up!  Let's go!
Football!
Go right over there.
Oh!
Isn't that great?
That's a beauty!
Mh-hm.
Thanks, thanks.
You've always had good taste in husbands, so...
You know, he's been wanting a mitt.
...you know?  I, uh...
That's really nice!
...so I, so I like that.  I always like an underconfident person...
I know, I know.
H-he's so awkward and he's clumsy like me...
Ohh!
The few times that I've met him...  Isn't that a great mitt?
Yeah.
I like him.  I think he's a sweet guy.
I think so.
Really?  That'll be terrific for him, I think.
I think he'll find that satisfying.
Oh!
Oh, you know what?  I'm trying to convince him to produce a play.
Yeah?
He's fine.
Let me get a little reaction here.  How's Elliot?
Here, you guys.  Open them up.
Yeah?  Yeah?  Okay, kids, you can open the presents now.
Everything's good.  Everything's fine.
How is everything?
...a little, uh, hey!  A little hug! What is this?  Now how 'bout a little action from the kids?
Huh?
Yeah, aren't you like, you know...
Two minutes on your sons' birthday. You know, it's not going to kill you.
I gotta see new comedians later, I've gotta--
Very good.
I got two minutes.
Glad you could put in an appearance.
I know...I know.
Hi!  Hi!
I'd have been a great dope addict.
True.
No, Holly's game for anything. Holly takes after me.
Now, Holly's not shy.
Yes, she's lovely, but she doesn't have your spark.  She knows it.  She worships you. She wouldn't dare get up there on the stage.
I just had a lot of luck...from my first show, you know?  I've always thought Lee was the one destined for great things.
Yeah, I know, Mom. NORMA  But I, I knew that he'd get up there and he'd flounder around with his expensive haircuts and hairdos and clothes.  He's all show!  Now how can you act when there's nothing inside to come out?!
Th-th-they, they wanted me for a screen test.
Okay, okay.
He's the one that's made every ingenue in stock!
Okay, stop being so dramatic.
The sacrifices I've made because of that man.  He's ruined me with his ego, his philandering, his--  his-his-his-his mediocrity!
You promised to stay on the wagon.
No!  I like to joke around and have fun, and he gets angry because I get the attention.  He's gotten sourer as he's gotten older, and I've tried to stay young...at heart.
Here, Mom.  Drink this.  You know, you're awful.  You probably were flirting.
...from Mavis, also.
Hey!
No, he hasn't.  If I offended you, I'm sorry.
I don't see how you could know about these things unless Elliot's been talking to you.
That's the point.  I'd like to be bothered.
I don't...I don't want to bother everyone.
Well, why don't you share them with us?
Yeah, we're having some problems, but problems that are my business...which I don't see how you could know about in such detail. How does Lee know about these things?  How?  They're private!
Y-you mentioned to me yourself that you and Elliot were having some problems.
Oh, wow!  I don't want to have this conversation.  I didn't do anything wrong.
You're grateful, but you resent me.
Now, Hannah, that's not what I meant, you know.  Uh, yeah, everybody relies on you for so much. "You're so giving. It's not a criticism.  We love you. We're grateful."
You make it sound like, you know, I have no needs or something.  You think I'm too self-sufficient?
Wow, I guess I hit a nerve.
Can I, can I not accept gestures and feelings from people?  Do I, do I put people off?
Well--
No, not "Oh, so loosely"!  Real specifically!  Is that how you see us?
Oh, so loosely.
It's obviously based on Elliot and me.
My script?
I'm real upset about what you wrote.
Hey, what's the matter?
Take...take a year.  Take six months.  Whatever you want.  Who knows?  Maybe you'll, maybe you'll be sitting with a good play.
Good.
Write!  Let's just not talk about it anymore.
What's the matter?
Look.  Listen.  Listen.  You want to write?  Write.
What's the matter with you, Lee? Why are you so sensitive all of a sudden?
Hey, Hannah, I know I'm mediocre.
You're crazy!  That's not true.
You know, I could always tell what you thought of me by the type of men you fixed me up with!
You're too demanding.
Uh, losers!  All losers!
I'm-I'm always happy to help you financially.  I think I've gone out of my way to-to introduce you to interesting single men.  There's nothing I would--
Hmm!
Not so!  No.  I think I've been very supportive.  I've...I try to give you honest, constructive advice.
You never have any faith in my plans.  You always undercut my enthusiasm.
How?
You treat me like a loser.
Yeah, you mean not at my age.
I'm not!  I'm not!  I'm trying to be helpful.  A person doesn't just say one day, "Okay, now-now I'm finished as an actress.  Now I'm a writer."  I mean--
Boy, I knew you'd be discouraging.
No.  She, didn't she say it was, um...she said it was in the publicity department.  That-that can lead to other things.
Yeah, that's clerical.
Well, I don't know.  We'd uh, uh, um... Didn't Mom mention there was something...something at the Museum of Broadcasting?
Well-well, like what?
Well, that-that's good.  It just, uh...it just seems to me that-that six months or a year, if-if you spent it more productively...
But what I decided to do is some writing.  Yeah, I think I've had it with acting.  You know, these meaningless auditions at cattle calls.  And I can't handle another rejection.  Now let's face it here.  I gotta, you know, latch on to something in my life.  You know--something with a future.  I'm not sixteen anymore.  It's just...crazy!  I've got...an idea for a story. More than one.  And I just need a few months, you know, or, uh, a year even.
Well, that...th-that's fine.
Yeah, although it's put an end to the Stanislavski Catering Company. Which is why I have to speak to you. And...  you're gonna get impatient, but...I have to borrow some more money. 
Oh, God...
You got it.
Oh, gosh.
Oh, what do they know?
They said I was too offbeat looking, whatever the hell that means.
Boy--
So what's new?
Awwww...
Well, I just came from an audition...
Hey, hi!
Look, everything's going your way.
Nobody but you can do that to me. I don't know why.
Tch, well, I sing!  For Chrissake, Hannah, you heard me sing!
What?  You don't, don't be so sensitive.  Can't I say anything?
Boy, you really know how to cut me down.
I hope.
Yeah.  Well, maybe I'll get it. 
...every, eh, single rejection as- as-as a...a confirmation that you have no talent, or something?
Yeah.
No, I didn't, I, that's no.  No, I- I-I, no, I-I just...  hate to see you put yourself in a position where, where you get hurt, you know.  You know, you know how you take...
W-why?  You don't think it's realistic?
Easily.
Uh-huh.
Uh, you know, I think I can fake my way through a song.
No, I'm sorry.  No, I didn't mean that.  No, I didn't mean that.
I mean, y-you know, don't say it that way, you know, because my confidence is not my strong point, I--
I know, no--  I know.
You know.
Ohh!
No!  No, I, eh, it's just that they sing.
Well, you think everybody in m- musicals sings so well?
Well, no...I-I know, I just, uh... No, I-I, eh, you know, I, I didn't, I didn't know you sung.
Well, I mean, why not?  You know, wh-what have I got to lose?  Uh...
Really?
Yeah, can you believe it?
Singing?
I've got a singing audition for a Broadway musical.  Of course, I'll never get it.
Well, I think he was dying to open up.  It's so sad.  Now...what should I wear to my audition?
You found all this, all this out on one date?
...he's really paid his dues, but...then she helped put him through architecture school, you know, so...
Oh?
...and then she just breaks down.  And he has this sweet daughter...and when she goes to college next year, he's going to split permanently.  I mean...
Oooo.
Sometimes she's terrific...
Oh-oh. HOLLY  ...and his wife's, uh, in and out of institutions.  She's schizophrenic.
He's married...
Oh, yeah. 
Well, I, I really like that.  I think that's a pretty color on you.
Well, how about this?
You know, I just want to look so good, but I don't want to seem, you know, like I'm overdressed.  You know what I'm saying? HANNAH  Oh, no, not at all.
Oh!
Ouch!
Maybe at Christmas, New Year's.  If not this New Year's, maybe next New Year's.
Here.  Be careful with those.
Not this Thanksgiving, you know.
Oh, perfect!  He reminds me of Ichabod Crane.  His Adam's apple keeps jumping up and down whenever he gets excited. HANNAH  Listen.  He's a lot better than your ex-husband.  He's got a good job.  Would you light those, please? He's-he's-he's not a dope addict or anything.
He's the headmaster of Daisy's school.
Oh, he's such a loser!
He's not a loser at all!
He's such a loser!
It's, uh, you never know--
Oh, Hannah!
Oh, your kids are so adorable.
Watch out, you guys.  Beep-beep!
Tch.  He's such an angry...he's such a depressive.  I thought she was moving out!
When does Frederick ever come with her?
Frederick didn't come with her.
I should get a garter belt.
Maybe when she's eighty, she'll stop straightening her garter belt when there's a guy around.
She really does, though.
Don't you think she does?
Yeah.
Doesn't she look great in that new dress?
Uh-oh.
Ohh?
I swear.  I swear.  We've already got some requests to do a few dinner parties.
Are we talking about cocaine again?
Okay.
Will you just tell me one thing?
Well, in order to get started, there's just a few things I have to buy...  and some old debts I have outstanding.
Yeah.
You admit that we're great cooks, right?
Hannah, I know it's a lot, but my friend April and I, we have this catering idea I think's going to be great.
Uh-huh.
Two thousand dollars.
I know.  H-how much do you need?
Someday, I'll pay it all back.
Holly, please.  Don't insult me.
This is the last time, I promise. And I'm keeping strict accounts.
Mmm, I never get upset over that. Mmm?
Hannah, I have to borrow some more money.  Don't get upset.
Oh, sure.
Get outta here.  Could I speak to you privately?
Mmm...I mean, we love to cook for our friends, so  we thought until an acting job comes through, we could just make some extra money, you know, doing a few private parties.
Perfect!
No, no, we decided!
What?  You're kidding!
I'm pregnant.
Mmm, what?
Mickey?
I don't know how you're gonna top that.
Tch.
You know, I was talking with your father before...and I was telling him that  it's ironic.  I-I used to always have Thanksgiving with Hannah...and I never thought  that I could love anybody else.  And here it is, years later and I'm married to you  and completely in love with you.  The heart is a very, very resilient little muscle.  It really is.  I...  It'd made a great story, I think. A guy marries one sister...  doesn't work out...  many years later...  he winds up  married to the other sister.  It's, you know, it's a...
Thanks.
Oh.  You look so beautiful.
Just a few minutes ago.
When'd you get here?
Okay.
Hi.  How you doin'?
Hi.
Now don't get nervous.  It's just your husband.
Yeah.
Do you?  I mean, are you, are you, are you, are you free this evening?
Sure.  Sure, uh, yes.
So, so you want to go out to dinner again?  I mean, is that, is that... Have, you have any interest in that, or...
I was the, I was... You know, it was my fault.  I-- 
It's all right.
Oh, don't be silly!  No!  Don't be ridiculous.
That I've always regretted the way I behaved that evening we went out, and, uh...I've, I just thought I'd tell you that because I really made a fool out of myself.
Oh, yeah?  What?
Um...look, there's something I've, uh, that's been bothering me for a long time, and I just thought I'd just tell you what it was and just sort of clear the deck here, and  that's this.
Well...  I'll tell you.  One day about a month ago...
Gosh, you really went through a crisis, you know that?  H-how did you get over it?  I mean, when I ran into you, you seemed, you seemed just perfectly fine.  Well, you seem fine now.
Y-you used to-- Oh, no!  Yeah, I care.  You used to be so ambitious and...  God, you really liked it?!
Oh, who cares?
Okay, and listen, I would like to hear what made you suddenly decide to drop out of life.
I-I would love to talk to you about, uh, that script.  I-I, you know, I think maybe that we could do something with it.
Uh, gee.  Would you like to have lunch?  Uh, uh...
It was just great.  Uh, I was all set...I was set to be bored stiff.
Oh, wow!
I am.  You-you made my day.
Oh, God!
Fabulous, I mean it!  I'm so impressed.
Oh!
...but who cares?  It was just--  It was fabulous.
Right.
I thought it was wonder-- There's maybe one or two things in there that I would do differently myself, but...
Oh, gosh, you really think I can write?
Well, it was just fabulous!  I'm, I, you know...
Oh, it just came to me one day.
Yes!  I was abso-- And...w- what...made you think of that climax scene where the, where the... architect is walking home with his actress girlfriend and-and the ex- wife who's schizophrenic jumps out of the bushes and stabs him to death?
Really?
It's great.  I swea-- I'm-- I'm, tch, I'm speechless.  I was...I was not in the mood to listen to this thing now.  I don't know what to say.  I'm moved and I laughed and I-- Uh, I, you know, I was on the edge of my seat.  I just think it's wonderful! I'm, I'm totally...stunned.  This is not an insult.  I'm amazed that you can...  It was-- I just thought it was great.
No, you can tell me straight.  It's okay.  Just, you know, tell me what you think.
I should have kept going.  I-I have a sneaking feeling, a nagging sensation I should've kept walking and...
Oh, well.
Well, what about me?
Hmm.  I think it's lucky I ran into you.  Maybe.
You must be joking.  I've been doing all my own reading since I was forty...you know.
Come over tomorrow and read it to me?
Oh, gosh, I don't know.  Well, could I come over tomorrow and read it to you?
Well, you know, I-I-I...you know, if you want me to, I'll read it.
So, uh...I threw it out, but I have this other one.
Really?
Oh, no!  It wasn't anything bad. But she just... you know.  I don't know.
Oh, well, God, I can imagine what you wrote.
...Hannah read it, she got really angry, and... you know, then I felt badly, so I--
Yeah.
Actually, my first script was about Hannah and her husband, but, uh...
Hmm.
But you have to remember while you're reading and you're cursing my name, you know, that this is my first script.  Well, it's not my first script.
You have to remember, we-we-we didn't agree on one thing.
Well, I'd love it if you'd read it, actually, 'cause I really would value your opinion.
What...what about your script?  So what's it about?
Oh, I'm fine.
I'm-- Yes.  Yes, I'm fine.  I'm fine.  How are you?
You're okay, though, huh?
...which is a long, dull story and I won't get into it.  But--
Oh.  Oh.
I may, I may have to get back into it, 'cause my accountant says that I'm running out of dollars. But...but, um, no, I haven't, I just sort of dropped out for a year...
I've done no television whatsoever. No.
You're kidding me.
I'm not anymore.  I haven't, I haven't been in television for a year.
I haven't.  No, the reason why I ask is I think it might make a great, uh, television script, and, you know, you're so active in television, so--
You have.
No, I haven't.
You've always hated my taste in the past.
No, the reason I ask is--
Well, yes, I would if, uh, if it would mean anything to you.  I don't know why it would.
This is it.  Yeah.  This is really-- HOLLY  Well, wo-would you be willing to-to read it?  Something...that I wrote?
Really?
Nobody ever said it.
Oh, no, millions of people come up to you and say, "Hey, I have something I just wrote," right?
No, I am.  I am.
Come on.
No, you can tell me.
Oh...well, you-you're not interested in this.
Well, that's interesting.  Wh-what kind of stuff?
Yeah.
Have you?
No, well...I've been trying to write.
Are you, are you out of work or something?
Probably not.
Yeah?  Is that an embarrassing question?  Should I have not asked it?
...just some stuff.  A little of this, a little of that, that's all.
Well...
Oh, nothing much.  You know...
You didn't answer my question. What are you doing?
I'm okay.
So how are you?
...namely a personality.
Yeah, and for yours.  I'm sure you've changed.
Yeah, I hope you have, too. MICKEY  I hope so for your sake, because, uh, your personality left something to be desired...
Well, I hope you've changed.
People change...you know.
You look wonderful.  You do.  What happened to you?
Oh, well, that was a long time ago.
...in a really horrible way.
I'd never do that.
Remember slamming the cab door in my face and..  you know, it came very dangerously close to emasculating my nose in a... 
Yeah, it was.
It was a terrible evening.
Yeah?
Yeah, really.  You do.  You do.
Oh, no.
You look wonderful.
I'm fine.
Good.  How are you?
How are you?
Oh, that's putting it mildly.  We did everything but exchange gunshots.
We didn't hit it off.
...and I thought I'd come in and...and we could replay, uh, the whole, uh...
Yeah.
I was walking past and I saw you in here...
I recall you.
Yes, you do recall, right?
I remember you.
Mmm, I don't know if you remember me, but we had the worst night of my life together.
...I had a great time tonight, really.  It was like the Nuremberg Trials.
God!
Right.  Yeah.  I had a...
You know, it's probably my fault. I've been a little depressed lately.
Yeah.  Me, too.
Oh, look, I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Jesus...  I'm glad Hannah got us together. You know, she's got a great instinct for people.  Really.
This crowd wouldn't know the difference!  They're embalmed!
And you don't have to snort cocaine at the table all the time!  What do you, what do you do?  Carry a kilo around in your purse?
At least I'm open to new concepts!
Yeah, that's tough!  You don't deserve Cole Porter.  You should stay with those groups that look like they're gonna stab their mother!
I was so bored!
Well, if you didn't like it, you didn't like it, but you didn't have to talk while the guy was singing.
Thanks for a swell time.
Now come on, you're be--, 'cause you're being angry at me.
Eh, Mickey, it's getting late.
Can I take you someplace to hear something nice?
Do you mind?  I'm-I'm my own person.
Oh, well, I cannot communicate with you!  I, you know, I never realized you were such a tightass. MICKEY I can't understand you.  Your sisters, both sisters have such good taste in music.  I don't know where you went, went wrong.
Not when they're sung by extraterrestrials.
I love songs about extraterrestrial life, don't you?
My--uh...
No!
Can we, can we go?
But, no, you've been doing that all night!  You're gonna...you're gonna burn a hole in your... You're gonna develop a third nostril!  Really,  don't, please.
Come on, Mickey.  Come on.
You want some?
Don't, no, please.  Will you-- No, don't...
Look, can't you feel the energy? It's tangible energy!  The room's alive with positive vibrations!
I, I, my ears are experiencing a meltdown!  I can't hear anything.
Listen, you are witnessing genius!
I can't hear you.  I can't hear anything.  I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna lose hearing in my ear!  I'm--
Oh, why are you making those faces?
You know, you've been picking on her ever since she came in here. Now just leave her alone for a while!  I'm just suffocating. 
Why are you so upset?
I just want a salad.  You really think I'm a loser, don't you?
Boy...Holly...Holly.
Yeah, okay, right.  Forget it.  What's to eat?
Oh, please!  We all came to have lunch, didn't we?
Hmm.
Yeah, well, she and an architect are now a very definite item, which I still cannot believe.
April?
Thanks.  But guess who was there auditioning?
...which I did not get.
Hi.
Dad!
Oh...
Dad...
Where are the antihistamines?
Get a garter belt...  Get a garter belt and flirt.
Yeah.
God.
Yeah, she knows it, too, 'cause she's flirting with all the men here.
Mm-hm.
At least she isn't drinking.  Did you notice?
Yeah, Mom's Camille when she gets up in the morning.
I need an antihistamine.  Mom thinks she's feeling her asthma, and so...
Oh, my God.  Thank you.
You're welcome.  Hare Krishna.
Well, okay.  Thank you very much.
...read it over, and think about it.
Uh-huh.
Take our literature...
You're afraid of dying? MICKEY  Well...yeah, naturally.  Aren't you? I-- L-let me ask you, reincarnation, does that mean my soul would pass to another human being, or would I come back as a moose or an aardvark or something?
Well, I was born Jewish, you know, but, uh, but last winter I tried to become a Catholic and...it didn't work for me.  I-I studied and I tried and I gave it everything, but, you know, Catholicism for me was die now, pay later, you know. And I just couldn't get with it. And I, and I wanted to, you know. I--
Yeah, well, what's your religion?
Well, I'm not saying that I want to join or anything, but...but I know you guys believe in reincarnation, you know, so it interests me.
What makes you interested in becoming a Hare Krishna?
I want to talk to you about your <u>salary</u>. Because I can't...
Yes?  My <u>promotion</u>...?
...and I want to talk to you about your <u>promotion</u>..
I <u>swear</u> to you...
...<u>please</u>...
...I was <u>working</u>...
You've gone off to America, on your <u>Vacation</u>...
<u>What</u> is this, a whorehouse, or are you my <u>wife</u>?
...you haven't <u>found</u> him yet.
They're offering... 
And?
Some museum director disappeared.
A reward for what?
I'm going to tell you later....
A reward...
I'm on the track of a reward, which...
We have to talk about <u>money</u>...
...you don't have to think.
I can't think.
Tell me about your trip... what did you <u>bring</u> me...?
Aren't you glad to see me?
And have <u>you</u> found Peace..? 
Well, if he hasn't, I'm vastly mistaken.
Oh, yes.  He's found Peace.
No, you're wrong about Verger.
Mason Verger.  For he cannot be free. Dr. Lechter refashioned his body so it mirrors his soul, what an impossible injustice.  Can <u>you</u> be free....?
Who would that be.
Because we both know who's buying the Lechteriana.
And why is it a vacant exercise?
Rich, comic book freaks.
<u>Who</u> are these guys...?
Oh, Good.  The ornithological leitmotif...
...they did it for a lark.
...why have they stuck you on this silly little roust?
Let's keep it to business, shall we?
You said "here's what <u>they</u> want you to do."  Aren't you part of them anymore...?  Aren't you part of the FBI? 'No Girl's Allowed,' or <u>what</u>?  Have you transgressed...?
I'd prefer it...  But it's just a vacant exercise.
You want me to be?
...aren't you afraid of me...?
<u>That's</u> the spirit...
There's one or two freaks, and, for a "<u>Pass</u>," I'll rat them out to you... 
Then who's buying it?
Lechter's not buying up his Memorabilia. He keeps it all in his "mind," do you see...?
Say it in English.
We could skip the Gavotte.
Not as much as being jailed for theft of Government Property, or for failure to pay income tax, on undisclosed income.
That would adversely impact my income.
Now, whyn't you help us?
You said "here's what <u>they</u> want you to do..."  Why?
Let's just say they got a passion for collectibles...
...why?
Here's what they want you to do:  we want the rest of the stuff you stole from his cell.
...very good.
Waal, because your <u>selling</u>'em... Two years ago, his annotated Dictionary of Cuisine, by Alexander Dumas, went for sixteen thousand dollars. Seller's affidavit of ownership, signed Cary Panz.  P.A.N.Z.  Sounds to me like an Orderly.  Whadja clear on the book? Ten, twelve grand?
Why me?
And I'd like your help, determining who's bidding for their purchase.
Yes?
We got a bunch of <u>materials</u>, coming up at auction.  Materials which disappeared from Dr. Lechter's cell, drawings he made, his <u>books</u>.
I asked you how you like your coffee...? We have black and bitter.  As the Soul of Man.  Or light and sweet, as the world- view of the self-delusive.
He told me, he preferred to Eat the Rude. Or:  "natural composting."  Do you think he'd come after <u>you</u>...?
Did you ever think, did you think, after he escaped, he would come after you?
He said, and these were his words, he <u>valued</u> our time together, because I was civil.
I'm looking for...
I'm struck by your phraseology.  I did not <u>last</u> with him.  I was privileged to enjoy his company during that time.
...you...
Yes, I presumed it was about him.
You lasted eight years, as Orderly, in Dr. Lechter's prison ward.
I prefer to stay in the Less Frivolous professions.
I would have figured you an R.N. by now, or, maybe Med School.
Orderly.
What have they got you doing?
It's a growth business.
...how are things at the Hospital?
Or, perhaps...
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
Perhaps you did not have the <u>support</u> you required.
It wasn't my day.
...what <u>hindered</u> you...?
Well.  Word gets around.
If you'll come down the street I will make you a cup of coffee.
Oh yeah?  Wanna arm wrestle...?
To <u>show</u>...  in my ability to <u>squander</u>.  What one might deem an <u>advantage</u>... that my <u>strength</u> is greater than <u>yours</u>...
Then why did you chose to <u>inform</u> me of it...?
And now I have "dociled" you, have I not?  By forcing your obedience.
I hereby acknowledge that...
Would you mind saying that into your bag...?
I have not read you your rights.
You know why that is?  Because there are so few things I need to forget. Would you agree, for the record, that I have not been read my rights?
Who called the <u>TV CREWS</u>...?
I almost shot the <u>baby</u>...
Are you <u>alright</u>...?
What, What, I can't hear you...
...these guy'll back you up.
I know her by the Back.
Brigham.  Go.  Affirmative.  Okay, Happiness is a Green Light.  We've got Evelda in the kitchen, cooking.  The dope's D.E.A.  <u>We</u> want her on Interstate Transportation of some firecrackers.  Starling:  you've got Drumgo, you know her from before.
All Quiet Along the Potomac...
What's new onna street?
Then I'm doing fine.
That's right.
M'I gonna see you tonight?
How you doin?
~Don't shoot, G-Men..."
Hard up as you are, at your age?  Whadda <u>you</u> care?  Surrender.
How <u>crazy</u> is that....
Well, you wanna shoot <u>back</u>, it give you a big <u>target</u>...
How crazy is that.
...the whole world's out to get you...
...they're sending me.  Out to get Shot.  Hounding me.... they're... 
And who is "they?"
I feel...  I feel they're Out to <u>Get</u> Me...
You want me to solve all your problems tonight...?
Then you tell me, then.
That's what <u>you</u> think...
I'm not.
You're ready now.
You tol me you wuunt ask me again til I'm ready....
You want to get married...?
All y'got to do is <u>ask</u>... 
C'mon, pal.
COULD I GET A <u>DRINK</u>,  N'I don't <u>care</u>, you see, what all they got me doin, for I'd rather be doin' <u>makework</u>, than be doin' <u>pub'l'relations</u> with THE DIRTY DOZEN, one <u>Hispanic</u>, one <u>Librarian</u>, one <u>Jew</u>, and One from Column A, and One from Column...  Thank you.
Evelda Drumgo.
Hey, I'm fine.  Whaddizit, you, how's your day, our gallant International Neighbors...?
Bad beat today.
...would you excuse me...?
..who would benefit from his disappearance?  <u>No</u> one.  No one has but lost by it...
...his family has offered a large reward.
He had nothing.  He lived in a garret. His work was his life, he...
...he was <u>wealthy</u>...
...I have never met a man who was so well beloved.
Who, can you think, who would want to harm Dr. Fanelli, did he have any <u>enemies</u>, that...
That's why my wife adores me.
You take this much time over everything?
First things first.
You spend the afternoon in Bed?
Hold up a minute...
...what a world.
Impossible.
...are they hard to get?
Atrocious Torture.  Hit of the Season, you want, I know a guy can get you a ticket.
What else did I miss...?
Their family owns...
They got that kind of money?
Somewhere where his family are offering a thirty grand reward for Information, so on.
Yeah, so where is he?
Doctore Carlo Fanelli, curator of the Pallazo Capponi, 2 months missing.
What's up...?
...nightmare.
Bad coffee, and women with excessive ankles.
How was America?
OHFORGODSAKE, get ON with it.
..It won't be long now, sir...
Good evening, Dr. Lechter.  Thank you for coming.  I am sorry that we could not meet under more pleasant circumstances.
...thank you...  And how are you this evening, Doctor? No, we know that you're awake...
Follow Starling, stake out Starling. Increase the pressure on Starling.  He will come to her.
What do you want me to do?
Have the child taken to bed.
He escaped...
Show me the Pigs.
If you would see him monument, look around you.
Waal, Nobody's <u>Perfect</u>... What do we hear from our songbird in Switzerland?
...sir...?
That operation has begun.  Are we God, that we would <u>Meddle</u> with it...?  <u>No</u>, on the <u>other</u> hand...
...then we won't need to tether Miss Starling as our lure.
Make plans for Lechter's abduction.
Somewhere in Italy.
Where was the call from.
...Let's see the pigs, please.
<u>Do</u> it...
The puppy comes back.  If you lie on the ground.  The Puppy with return.  Why? Do you know why...?  TO KILL YOU.  IT THINKS YOU HAVE FALLEN AND ARE POWERLESS. IT COMES BACK TO TEAR YOUR THROAT. THAT'S WHY THE CHILD TURNED BACK.  As Lechter will return back.  You see?  To the sight of his oppressor <u>wounded</u>. He will return to savage our beloved Miss Starling.  Bring me a drink.
Seen what, sir..?
HE TURNED BACK INTO THE ROOM.  Where have we Seen it Before.
...are you alright, sir...?
...WHY DID HE COME BACK?  WHY DID THE BOY TURN BACK...?
Our operatives in Brazil have been empowered to offer a reward of....
Why did he come back?
Not with any certainty we...
Can we identify it as Dr. Lechter?
Yes, but we know who it was, and I will tell you, Agent Starling, what you know to be true.  I offered the bounty.  It was illegal, and, worse, it was <u>wrong</u>. And I thank God every day that I did not compound my sinful life by the stain of a murder.  Do you  Agent Starling:  do you know <u>God</u>? 
The identity of the person offering the bounty was never established.
Awright.
Yes.  You know I will.  That's right.
You give me whatever I want...?
...yes, if you'll, just step <u>away</u>...
I like Popcorn...
No.  And...
He don't like popcorn.
Tell him to give it to an orphanage.
...Mr. Verger would be pleased to make a contribution, to the charitable...
No, no, of course not.
....I hardly <u>think</u> so... after "The Incident"...
You should get the kids a <u>dog</u>...
Before "The Change," Mr. Verger was... he made quite a study. 
And how would you know that?
He was the orderly, during Dr. Lechter's stay in Prison.
He is...?
Try Barney Clark.
We've subpoenaed the Auction House's records.
Do you know the <u>seller</u>?
Please, I do not... I don't want to <u>trouble</u> him.  But if you or he have any notlon, who would be buying Dr. Lechter's...
Exactly.
What reaction?
I... think... he was.... he was <u>touched</u>, by your reaction.  To his appearance.
Now, why in the world would he do that?
He... would consider it a favor if he could make a <u>donation</u>.  To a charitable institution of your choice. 
What would <u>that</u> be?
He's glad to help.  ...it's just a question of his physical condition.  You Understand...
I won't take much of his time.
It's not something he wants to publicize, Ma'am.  It's just something he does.
I've never heard that he...
...they're from Baltimore....
The children...?
Agent Starling, would you come with me...?
'fraid it's too late.
For a consideration.
Why?
Let the girl go.
...fraid, that's about it, Doctor.
....what...? 
...unmarked hundreds....
Come on, Doctor, <u>then</u> you can sleep...
..suitcase...locker...
Come on, stay with us.  Look here:  I could get behind you, and give you a <u>spinal</u>, tomorrow, you wuunt feel <u>anything</u> down there, a l'il <u>pulling</u> is all.  N'I'll tell you <u>what</u>, after he's got his jollies, ten, f'teen minutes, I'll come down here, give you a shotta <u>this</u>  stop your heart, an that's <u>you</u> done, an there's an <u>end</u> to it.  What do you say...?  I know you got lotsa money, evabody says so.  I know how that stuff works, take it out, move it <u>around</u>...  ...stay with me now, <u>fuss</u> with it... Whatsay we call your banker now, tell him a <u>code</u>... move that money to me, he <u>confirms</u> it, and I fix you up Right Now...  Whatsay?
And I expect you to.  Let's talk like two medical men 
I can make you rich.
Oh, yes, what?  You'd <u>bribe</u> me, to, to, to, "release" you...?
I believe that your tone implied that there was some <u>good</u> news.... and, do you know... there might be good news for <u>you</u>...
Yes, I did.
You said the <u>bad</u> news...
...and then, he'll be coming down.
Mmm...
...here's to child abuse!
...young boys, still...?
No, I think he proffers to spend his happy hours with his playmates.
Reinstatement to <u>what</u>?  There ain't nobody there...
I'm going to work for your reinstatement...
I know you did what you could.
He requests your presence, once again, as part of...
I am all attention.
We have a memo here, from your friend Mr. Krendler at the Justice Department.
Yes sir, I saw it. 
Well, then--I wouldn't want to be taken for a <u>hobbyist</u>...
No. 
Am I on that case, sir...? 
Not for our Doctor Lechter.  This...  Purports to be an x-ray of the hand of a ...white male...mmmm....mmmm...., after the removal of a vestigial sixth digit. Left Hand.  It purports to be the x-ray of Dr. L...
...standard issue...
A fellow with five fingers.
...what'm I looking at...?
This just came in, over the transom. Fella, works for a Plastic Surgeon, Argentina.  Look here:
You seen John Brigham...?
Look at this:
 He once made me an improper suggestion.
...what's he got against you?
Why would you say that?  Because he sent me in there to be killed...?  What <u>is</u> this...?
One moment, and they're at the <u>Seven-</u> <u>Eleven</u>.  They botched the fallback plan, they...
Starling...?
I don't mind being the token <u>woman</u>, what I'm suggesting, send me out there with a token <u>man</u>... who are these Warriors, our cobbled together Strike Force?  I'm in the room with a fugitive felon...
..I was <u>instructed</u> that this was a Joint Task Force, the FBI, BATF, and the Mayor's Special...
Starling, I've ordered you to shut...
I could have acted on my own.  I was told...
Shut up, Starling...
Sir:
Well, then, you have insufficient information.  I'm grateful for this opportunity to set you straight.
I don't <u>think</u> so...
Your girl's a menace.  Here, givver <u>this</u>... Getter off the street and teach her some <u>humility</u>. 
One moment, I'm not done with you...  Give him the file...
She was there, alone, sir, she was in a burning building, waiting for your folks to come through the wall.  And...
Because that's understandable, because. She blew the raid.
That could be.
What, you're saying she was overwrought.
I think its meaning is clear.
What is that supposed to mean...?
Well, you know, that happens, on the street.
She threw a punch at a man on the team.
And how did she get close enough to disarm you?
I think that's... {HE STARTS TO RISE, AND THE MEETING BEGINS TO BREAK UP) Starling, I'm sure these gentlemen...
...she couldn't act on her own..?  Where is the FBI's vaunted Initiative, where..?
I had... one moment, I had an <u>agent</u> in there, waiting for <u>backup</u> from...
Well, well, well, well, well, she went <u>in</u> there, to apprehend a Dangerous Felon. Went in there with her gun, Came out, <u>without</u> the Felon, with<u>out</u> the gun...
Just a moment.  Starling didn't...
Hey, you know, I never thought of that...
Give it up.
Well, you know <u>my</u> name, honey, but <i>I</i> don't know <u>yours</u>...
Give it up, Evelda.
'bout time you <u>learned</u>...
Waal...
You want to <u>hold</u> him...?
I said how's your baby...?
How's your <u>child</u>?
Waited too long, hon...?  
Well, don't you worry, cause that <u>baby's</u> gone take care of <u>that</u>.
I said sometime it gets so...
What'd you say, hon...?
It gets, um... it gets so lonely sometime.
Waal...
Well, then, you're a lucky girl, cause that baby's gone to be your family.  ...I've got an appointment....
I'm an orphan.
Said what?
....I didn't realize I said it out loud.
Gonna be fine.  You ask your momma.
Evone tells me:  I shoulda been in, fi, six, months ago.... thizz my first checkup.
You nervous...?
S'hotter inside than it is <u>outside</u>...even with the air conditioning. 
That, that was <u>business</u>...
And what was the trip <u>before</u>...?
No, this is <u>pleasure</u>...
And how good of <u>you</u> to remember it. Then, this trip, then, is not a return to <u>America</u>...
...you told me you were studying for your examination by the <u>Studiolo</u>...
...how so?
How wonderful of you, to hold that information in your <u>busy</u> mind...
Then, she, <u>herself</u>, possessed some knowledge of the Greater World...How pleased am I to see you looking so well...
My mother told me to ignore the blandishments of charming men.
Well, perhaps sometime we...
...should love to correct your error. 
And yet, they are not know for their cuisine.
I have had many excellent meals there.
You know it?
A wonderful country...
My husband brought it to me from America.
And how do we account for the interest of such a charming man, an interest in Torture?
Sadly, no.  And I find that birth is one of the few things in life which study and a pleasant attitude can not amend. What do you think?
Yes, of course, and we'll <u>collect</u> them. I won't be a minute...
I'd like to walk home with you, and...
...yes, yes, yes...
I require...
Yes, I think I amused them.  To what do I owe...?
I'm not a scholar, Dottore.  But it seemed as if they, as if they...
Back to <u>America</u>...?   When first we met you'd just returned from America.
...long overdue.
Take mine.  Ah. And is that your <u>wife</u>...  Signora.  Can it be that you are lovelier, even, than at our last encounter...?
I've left my <u>program</u>...
If such there breathe, I'm sure you could <u>unearth</u> him...  Your reputation does you honor. 
Who does not?
The commissioner is going round the Cafe...
Well, if you will excuse me.  Madame. What a pleasure.
Darling...
Indeed I am.  And the connection, between Dante, and, in fact, between your illustrious forebears... if you'd come with me, I could show you...
Dr. Fell is studying for his examination by the Studiolo.
Enchante.
Darling, Dr. Fell.  My wife Madame Pazzi.
...you have <u>brought</u> this perfume... brought this perfume.  Back.  <u>Back</u> from America.  To your New Wife...  You have given it to her, and some of...  Some of 'her perfume' has found its way back onto you.  Lucky man.  Lucky man, indeed.
You know America?
I <u>sense</u>...  The faintest <u>whiff</u> of a perfume, whose <u>base</u>, whose <u>base</u>, whose <u>base</u> is "Hamamelis" ... it is <u>witch-hazel</u>--such a clean scent.  No, not a European scent. I would say it is a scent of the New World.  I would say, you have been in America.  Have I struck home?
How could you know?
I wonder no longer.  You were out of the country.
And?  Then?
I have had the honor. 
It was Adresa de Pazzi, depicted as John the Baptist.  You have seen the chapel?
You resemble a figure from the Della Robia Rondels, in your family's chapel at Santa Croce.
Yes.  How did you know?
Carpal-tunnel syndrome.  From a life of typing.  Commendatore.  <u>History</u>, a hazardous profession.
How so?
My scar is a war-wound.
...your <u>scar</u>..?
I'm a historian.  It is our task to assemble the seemingly unconnected into the obvious.
You assemble this, on the instant, from these few observations?
I saw a man, somewhat <u>fatigued</u>. Quickly dressed, a bit dishevelled.  In the middle of the day.  An old story.  And then I saw the clothing was <u>fresh</u>--therefore:  a man who dressed at <u>home</u>.  And then I remarked the new <u>wedding</u> ring.  And so:  the <u>story</u> gave me pause.  A lovely story.  A new, and a beloved <u>wife</u>.  I wish you joy. 
I saw a man in disheveled clothing, but <u>clean</u>.  Just dressed--in the middle of the...
Why did you look at me that way?
Yes, it must be hard to be a policeman. Is it hard?  Must one, then, be constantly suspicious?
You looked oddly at me, back on the landing.
And you have a new wedding ring on yours? <u>La Vita Nuova</u>?-- 
You have a recent scar on the back of your hand.
If your duty requires it.
I'll have them picked up.
Yes.  Packed and with an inventory. 
Of course, <u>in</u> his offices, if you come across anything, any personal papers of his, anything, however trivial, would you contact me, please... Are his personal effects still at the Palazzo?
It is only temporary, until my confirmation by...
You have taken over his offices, is that not so?
...yes.
I know that the officers who first investigated his disappearance searched for a <u>note</u>, a farewell note, a suicide note...
I never met him.  I knew him only from his writings.
Could you tell me:  did you ever meet your predecessor, Dottore Fanelli...?
Of course, Commendatore...
The government says.  Mama has lost her job, so she can't be your foster mother.  The police found a marijuana cigarette in your home.  You can't see Mama anymore.  Or Shirley.  Or Kitty Cat.  That's what the <u>Government</u> says...
...who say...?
Yes.  Franklin, you can't live there anymore.  With Mama and Shirly and Kittykat.  You have to go away.
...and Shirly, let me sleep with her sometime.
Yes.... yes...
We got KittyKat...
Do you like it at your home, Franklin?
No. 
She's not the first foster that you've had.  <u>Is</u> she?
She my foster.
In and out.  Yes.  And Mama... and Mama, is not your real Mama, is she Franklin?
With Mama and Shirley and Stringbean.
Where do you live?
...Franklin.
Oh, no, no.  It won't be <u>that</u> long.
Well, I don't want to starve them too long.  They die.
Is it necessary to know?
...they eat the dummy, sir, they eat the <u>man</u>... I keep them hungry.  When... when do we think this man arrives.
...tell them...
They <u>will</u>, sir.  We <u>train</u> them, to the figurine, <u>eventually</u>, they consume a man, say, 80 kilos, say, in...
Make them eat the figurine.
Let's get her <u>out</u> of here....
...may be the heat....
You put my friend in the ground, with your mickeymouse <u>TaskForce</u>...  Izsat the kind of Headlines that Preserve and Promote, you, sir?
I realize, you're under a lot of....
...get outta my way, you sonofa<u>bitch</u>...
I came to pay my...
Thank you, that's not responsive.  How did our Miss Drumgo get...
...spend some time on the streets.  Ask me then...
Sir, I was, as instructed, waiting for the Arrival of the Strike Force. {PAUSE)
And, fine, alright, and fine... what are <u>you</u>doing, this whole time?
I'm opposed to being part, Your Rainbow Coalition.  Evelda Drumgo?  I could of took her down in a snap of the <u>fingers</u>-- <u>But</u>-- I'm out there, and my Rules of Engagement...
Oh, is this your political position, you're opposed to Joint...
Due respect, you <u>don't</u>, sir, your precious Joint Operation.  FBI, ATF, DC SWAT, it's alphabet <u>soup</u>, we don't have the same Radio Freqs, we don't...
No, I don't get you...
And I'm telling you:  You wanna throw a Birthday Party:  Every kid gets a Chance to Play, that's <u>fine</u>, but...
I'm saying: ... and what's wrong with that.
THEN WHERE WAS IT?  I'm sent out there... I'm told that the <u>arrest</u> must be a joint...
You were given backup....
Sir, I'm in Law Enforcement, I was out there, dealing with an armed and dangerous...
You find something objectionable to working in partnership with....
Sir, with all due respect....
And you let her get away.
...you have to <u>eat</u>...
I'm afraid, this wine is making me woozy...
He saw the truth, and <u>spoke</u> it...
And how did he do that?
Freud, do you know...?  Freud psychoanalyzed patients in One Afternoon.
...and my need for The Institution...
Indeed we were.
...we were speaking of my <u>father</u>...
...I'm sorry....?
Thanks to <u>you</u>...
I hope you'll <u>find</u> it so.  Yes.  It's <u>good</u> to see you regaining your strength...
What is that that smells so wonderful.
I'd prefer you to say what you feel.
Thank you.  No, I know you'd prefer "I'm glad you <u>find</u> me so..."
You look lovely.
Spoken like a Protestant.
I'm going to cut you loose.  With all due respect, Doctor, if you fuck with me, I'll shoot you dead, do you understand...?  Do right and you'll live through this.
<u>Perhaps</u>... shall we <u>see</u>...?
Can you walk?  Are your legs working...?
...what has she done to harm you...?
...when I... 
...after you' re dead.  AND WHEN I GIVE THE WORD, do you understand...when I give the <u>word</u>...
...might I make a suggestion...?
And what would be of Greater Help, than to release her, from the bonds of this sordid earthly existence.  DON'T YOU THINK?  IN WHICH THE INNOCENT ARE TORTURED IN WAYS WHICH WOULD MAKE THE ANGUISH OF THE DAMNED SEEM TAME AND UNIMAGINATIVE, DON'T YOU <u>THINK</u>?  BLIND HIM AGAIN, AND PREPARE <u>HIM AND HER</u> FOR THE PIGS! 
The girl needs help.
Yes, to cease to Hope is the Greatest Crime.  The Greatest crime.  Perhaps the <u>only</u> crime.  <u>I</u> never ceased to hope!
...which of us is free...?
You're <u>free</u>...
The girl could use some help.
Explain in depth the plan we have for him.  Until tomorrow.
Would that add to your <u>mirth</u>?
You don't wish to <u>beg</u>...?
<u>Yes</u>.
ARE YOU <u>DONE</u>?
It is not that I care for <u>you</u>--but that I posses an enquiring mind.  What will you <u>do</u> when I am gone?  When you have nothing to occupy your thoughts, save the memory of your own folly, and, more to the point, stupidity.
Why should <u>you</u> care?
...but will that satisfy you?
Thank you, Cordell.
...<u>what</u>...?
Give me your gun...
Cause I'm tired, cleaning up after you.  Why dontcha gimme the gun?
Why?
Don't shoot yourself.
You goin to shoot yourself? 
What would you guess, Ardelia?
Y'want to gimme Brigham's pistol?
Trouble is, they all seem to <u>die</u>.
You got a lot of people love you, Starling.
Yeah.  Well.  They're a talkative buncha commentators.
Every suicide kills two.
No.
N'not <u>that</u> sad.
...what...?
Do you think you could make a cup of coffee, cause I'm going to work.
...what?
...something about my <u>father</u>...?
What was it.  What was it, honey?
I met a man, and His Troubles Were Greater Than Mine...
What broke <u>you</u> free, Girl?
No.  I want to buy a dog. 
What do you want to do?  You want to jam up that sonofabitch Krendler.
I don't wanna go out there at <u>all</u>...
You stay offa this Alphabet Soup Detail, all this half-baked, cowboy stuff, till after you get your <u>mind</u> cleared.... you don't wanna go out there a half-step <u>slow</u>...
Yeah, that's too Hip for the Room.
Saying what, "Look out for a guy with ten fingers...?"
Mr. Crawford asked my opinion.  Here we've got a purported x-ray, Dr. Lechter's surgery.  Do we keep it secret, or broadcast it?
I'll tell you what:  I should go in there, volunteer to fill up his Female Quota. 
My daddy would say:  accept with glee the things you cannot change.
The Multi-Jurisdiction Task Force:  read alphabet soup, for the continued pursuit, and in preparation for the apprehension of the fugitive, Evelda Drumgo.  The man's hazing you.
I'm going to do it, and you're going to catch the bouquet.
You're going to <u>do</u> that?
Because you're going to help me plan a party.
...not to turn around.
Yeah, well, it's a raw wound, innit, you're gonna bump it, every time you turn around... but you know what the <u>trick</u> is...?
I am no going to show you the <u>secret</u> <u>handshake</u>! 
Show'm the FBI <u>Hand</u>shake...
Yeah, well, they solved that:  turns out, he'uz a <u>cannibal</u>...
Yeah, but who would marry friendless <u>me</u>...  Howabout you, Romeo...?
Because, baby, you're looking to find love in an institution, that's your only chance....
That's what I should do.  Tell me why?
You should get Married.
No, that is code-word material, that's what <u>that</u> is....
Look what they put her on...
Oh baby, oh baby....
What else's he goin to do with his day, he can't work, and he won't steal...
Our Mister <u>Frendler</u> to, to, to humiliate me, though....
Well.  <u>Excellent</u>... I'm...
I guess the only thing is Suck it Up...
Alcohol.  Where both its life-enhancing And its life destroying qualities...  ...not unlike some Hindu <u>God</u>...
What's that, Baby?
I want the <u>same</u> drink.  Cause it did me <u>good</u>... but I already drunk it, so, barring that, yes, I would like another.
You want another drink, honey...?
...get me a cigarette.
Yes, but the <u>important</u> thing, as I've said...
...and then, we're going to <u>Greece</u>...
Oh, my <u>program</u>...
Ask me when we get home.
It's a <u>joke</u>.  You're a joke.  You're a joke.  You don't know what money <u>is</u>-- your idea of money...  ...spend it on a whore on your 'business trip.'  That is the fine limit of your ambitions...
The Case that I am <u>working</u> on...
....because we don't have any mmm...
"Because we don't have any money."
Because we cannot <u>pay</u>...
Because...?
Then we cannot go.
No.  Invite us?  No, he simply...
...what do you expect me to...
Yes, yes, yes, your thirty thousand dollars reward, which you would have to split with your team, which, <u>if</u> you get it, will not buy me a new <u>watch</u>... 
I am on the track of...
...they asked us to dinner.  How can we accept if we cannot <u>return</u> the...
...my love...
Because it is exclusive... because <u>everyone</u> will be here...
...why are we here in the <u>first</u> place...?
We are here on sufferance.  I am here...
I don't understand.
...and that is what you need to expand.
...whatever is within my <u>power</u>...
Speaking of which, I want you also to get us tickets for the Opera...
Fine, thank you, but
They aren't expensive, you got them through your connections.... speaking of which:
...the purpose of the exercise... is it because they are <u>expensive</u>...
The shape of a Three.
What shape is the scar?
I want the money.
What shape is the scar?
I know something no one knows.  He has had his finger removed.  On his left hand.  It left a scar. 
And why should we believe you?
I know where he is.
I'm sure I don't know who you mean.
I know where he is.
...what did you want? 
Hello....?
...a case, so, so <u>fascinating</u>, so...
I din't solve it, I didn't '<u>solve it</u>'.  I just sat a <u>dance</u> out with him.  Facts, facts, facts.  <u>Facts</u>, close the case, cavalier.
....this is perhaps an inappropriate <u>time</u>... but, I would like to say, it is an honor to meet the Woman who <u>solved</u> the celebrated Hannibal Lechter...
Waal, you hold fast to that thought, as I'm sure, that's a "clue"...
...but:  this particular statue...
Yeah, I'm sure it's famed for lotsa things, and you're one'a'them...
It is a gravestone in the cemetery of ______ in my native Florence.
<u>Do</u> you.  What does that mean?
I know it well.
...this one is my favorite.  It has not title.  They should call it "fetch," whaddaya think...?
Waal, you c'n only get it in one shop in Alexandria Virginia, n'that's where I'm going, cause I'm goin <u>home</u>, f'i can get n'y'one, Of That Nature, to <u>take</u> her there...
...what a lovely perfume.
Or clear your windshield with it.
Thank you.
No,I get it, this is my <u>Cavalier</u>.  This gents my Italian Knight.  Take <u>this</u>...  For this shall be my gage, and you can take it into battle.
Is it necessary to say of the sea that it is salt, that the stars are far, that...
The great and <u>beautiful</u>...
His feelings do him honor.  And I have come, simply, to pay my <u>respects</u> to the great Clarice Starling... 
I'm sure there is, but my young Friend here, would <u>kill</u> you. 
But perhaps, there is some, some less radical solution.
Hey, lost again.
...<u>sadly</u>...
Well, that's you see, what I am, kind and feeling.
You were kind enough, today, to take my photograph.
No, y'know, I never <u>doubted</u> it...
An Honor.  Carlo Pazzi....
It would seem.
Brazilian. 
...a Dr. Fell.  A Brazilian, I think. Applying for Fanelli's post.
Dottore Fanelli...
Speaking of the Vacant Post.
They're grilling the applicant for the Vacant Post.
What're they on about?
...yes, yes, yes....
Thirty thousand dollars reward.  In the whereabouts of Il Dottore Fanelli, or the apprehension of his...
I can't remember.  I've got to make some money.
She must be something special After Dark.
"A liaison position with the Opera." 
...I feel that...
And what does <u>that</u> mean?
...a <u>liaison</u> position...
But they were not there.  <u>Yesterday</u>.  Is that called a Delusion...?
When?
But.  He was a night <u>watchman</u>.  That's what he was.  N'They brought back, his hat, his <u>badge</u>, an his <u>timeclock</u>.  N'then they took me off.  I <u>saw</u>... I saw.  Clear as day, do you, do they call it a <u>delusion</u>?  His hat an his badge.  Clear as day, bulletholes and all.
...yes...?
And.  I always said, he was a <u>P'lice</u> officer.
And you have been <u>dreaming</u>... dreaming about this Hat, and...
And all he <u>left</u> us:  the Country brought back his <u>hat</u>, and his <u>badge</u>... both with a bullethole in them.  An' that's what he left us.  That's what I said.
That's when you went to the Orphanage...
He was <u>shot</u>...he was shot.  On his rounds.  And... and...
Because it's the game you've chosen. That's really all we have time for.
...why?
Your life has been defined by institutions.  The Orphanage where you were raised, the FBI Academy, the Bureau.  If the Institution is your life, <u>accept</u> it.  Ask to be reinstated on the "Drumgo" task force.  Play their game.
Yes.
You want some <u>advice</u>.
I want to do something <u>positive</u>...
...yes...?
I..
That if <u>decision</u> were a useful tool, you wouldn't <u>be</u> here.  Why are you here...?
What is your point?
And you've decided to get <u>married</u>.  You've decided a <u>lot</u> of things.  But, in spite of your decisions--you are still "nagged" by feelings of:  <u>despair</u>, of <u>failure</u> of... you still have the <u>nightmare</u>, you...
Yes.
And you have decided to accept... to accept this "emotion," as you put it, to the ... the "sweepings. of the Lechter case.
That's right.
You said:  that you have "decided." That your... your feelings of persecution, as you put it are a "self- indulgence," and you are going to put them aside.  And get on with your job.
I don't understand.
Yes, but no one is in control of their emotions.  that's all we have time for today... 
Welcome to the human race.  Do you know, there are people who admire you?  Reasonable people.  Why don't you <u>find</u> them...?
But... but....but.... you're <u>right</u>.  I used it.  To <u>bargain</u>.  For her <u>sympathy</u>...  I <u>used</u> it--to "whore myself out"-- 
...you <u>are</u> an orphan.
I told that woman I'm an orphan.
How do you think that made him feel?  What does that <u>mean</u>, "to go beyond the institution...?" 
Yes.
What's wrong with approval?  You admired that man.
For approval.
...would you use a small word?
If <u>he</u> could overcome... his need for... for self-<u>ratification</u>...
Yes, so you said.  But what does that mean:  to go beyond The Institution.
I saw a man today, a man so hideously deformed who'll spend his life in a hospital bbb...
What does <u>that</u> mean?
Yes.
Well, no...  That's... I appreciate your <u>help</u>, but... 
Your father.  It is not <u>they</u>, who...
...no.
It is <u>you</u> who have betrayed...
No, I don't <u>think</u> so...
...<u>barter</u> with her.  To appeal to her, and you feel that...
...no...
...you called up memories of your <u>father</u> to...
...no...
Yes.  I think I <u>do</u>.  I think it is a phrase you used with that woman.  You told her you were an <u>orphan</u>.  You <u>used</u>, to your mind, your most private fears.
I don't know.  Do <u>you</u> know...?
Then what brings you back?
I don't <u>think</u> so.
Then, that being so, why is today special?  Why have you come back to see me?  Is it that new file they gave you?
No.  That's right.  That's all part of it.
..and <u>humiliation</u>?  What is this new job they've...?
....that's right.
...and to have <u>done</u> it, means, can mean to accept, not only <u>danger</u>, but <u>betrayal</u>...?
Well, you know, you know, you know, the <u>point</u> is:  I <u>can't</u> tell you.  Cause you haven't <u>been</u> there.  You haven't <u>done it</u>. And that's all there <u>is</u>.
Then tell me.
I'm sorry, I don't mean to be impolite. Because, you know, you can't understand.
Tell me why...?
I have not, I would <u>not</u>.  For life  life goes on Starling.  And, wait, wait, I wish to <u>talk</u> to you... I'm...    One moment.  I was <u>afflicted</u>, do you see, but my affliction was not in my meeting with your Dr. Lechter.  I was <u>afflicted</u> before. Before.  Do you see?  In my arrogance. Do not  Do not curse God when you are humiliated.  Listen to me: <u>embrace</u> it, and you embrace <u>life</u>.... <u>Listen</u>, and you hear the word of <u>God</u>...
Yes, then, you're saying that you <u>haven't</u> bid upon these drawings.
Isn't it funny?  You can look on my face  which you would grant me, is the most hideous sight you will see in what I hope is a long life. You can look at me.  Which shows  a Strength which <u>must</u> come from strong  strong convictions.   But you <u>shy</u> when I say the name of God.
...sir...?
<u>Someone</u> offered three million dollars bounty on Dr. Lechter's head. 
My encounter.
Large resources, Starling, which I prefer to devote elsewhere....
Because, sir, you are the only one of his victims who lived.  And because you have large resources.
And why would you suspect me, of this ghoulishness?
Because if it was not you, then, perhaps it was Dr. Lechter, trying to reclaim his own property.
Because?
Sir, various drawings, done by Dr. Lechter, while in prison, stolen from the prison after his escape, have surfaced and are being sold at auction.  Several large reserve bids have been placed on them.  I have to ask if you've placed those bids.
Because we must leave the past <u>in</u> the past.    Ah.  And here we have artifacts of, yes, my own encounter with him...
No, sir, it's not my job to capt... why do you say how terrible?
Ah, yes, ah yes.  Our Doctor Lechter... And have they sent you, once again to <u>capture</u> him?  How terrible for you...
I've come to see you, sir, about an Auction...
For the <u>worst</u> hurt, of course, that which will not heal, is the conviction no one cares.
That's it, Adam, pretend it's one of those arcade things, the tighter you squeeze, the more of a man you are...Ooh, that's it.
You think you're so...but you're just...
Stop it, stop it, you satanic whore!
Don't raise your voice at--I gave you the ultimate male fantasy--sex, nothing on the side. Don't pretend we shared anything other than fluids.
That doesn't make me feel better! Why are you being like this?
And this Peepers was your...dog?  If it makes you feel better, I probably wasn't paying attention.
But, but that was before we started sharing stuff. Before I told you how I cried when Peepers died. I never told anyone that before.
Adam. Dollface. We had a physical relationship that served a purpose and now...
Why are you being so grouchy--This is an important night for us...
Yeah...Are we going to do it or what? I still haven't packed.
It's funny, when I first met you I thought you were such a weirdo...I still think you're a nut, but you're my nut.
"Why?" If I asked questions like that, I'd never make love-"love"-- Damn you, Damn this, damnit!
Why are you...don't stop...why?
No really, keep talking, I ree-ally want to hear what you have to say, you're just so eloquent...
About three days. I'm a monster. He's a monster. Actually, we're both just guys. I don't expect you to understand that I...
Sadist!  I can't believe I thought you could change--This is your idea of discipline?  You're a monster.  That kid is going to be traumatized for...
I can be a good pig. Babe. Charlotte's Web. Good pig. Watch.
Believe me, I wish I knew less.  Oh, if you weren't such a pig...
You have no idea. Now run away.
I'll bet you're glad I waited until the last day to have this conversation.
Did you wait until you were 18?
Well, uh...Promise me you won't do anything until you're 18.
You mean you didn't have any gay thoughts when you were my age...
Andrew. You're not gay; you're ten. You shouldn't even be having thoughts like...
I'm gay. Like you didn't know.
That's good. I wouldn't have wanted to embarrass myself.
No.
Was there a night that I got really drunk and declared that I never loved anyone as much as I loved you?
Summer would have been a lot less without you. You're a true friend, Donald.
I just wanted to know if you've seen this.
Now what? What did I do this time?
Yeah, his lack of intelligence. Sorry, Wendy, but as learning disabilities go, stupidity is often overlooked.
Okay, okay, just don't everyone talk at once...First of all, little Jason has a learning disability...
Say Hi for me.
I couldn't tell her...it's, it's too major...Jesus, I'm starting to believe in God and what's worse I think I like the guy. The lightning bolt was just a test, right?  Wendy and I--we're meant to be. I'm right, right?  I have to see her...
Uh, yeah, that's...wow.
I'm in the picture on Wendy's wall. Niagara Falls. Family trip. Little Wendy foreground. Me background. What are the odds on that one?
You are the prince of the darkness.
She's still pissed at me and took it out on you. We should have taken it slower. It's hard to operate in the woods. Much easier in, like a club.  Tell the girl you've got to go do something, leave her view, take way too long until she is worried that you're not coming back. Just as she starts feeling awful, you come up from behind and touch her neck...
I was pretty confident that I was going to blow it with Talia, but I must say, I outdid myself.
Howdy Pouty.
It is?  I don't know about this, Wichita. Am I even right for Talia?                         ] What About Wendy?  I mean, you and                          ] Wendy--how are you and Wendy...                             ] ] WICHITA                                            ] Complicated. Extremely.                                     ] ] Wichita and Donald drift closer toward the head-setted Wendy,         ] who stands to the side of the searchers like a commandant.            ] ] WENDY                                              ] Now remember, people, let's keep                            ] away from the mountain. Repeat...                           ]                                  ] There you are. Could you possibly                           ] do one thing and help keep the                              ] campers away from....                                       ] ] WICHITA                                            ]                                           ] Hey everybody, we're climbing the                           ] mountain!                                                   ]
Make it seem you have this comfortable, mysterious life and you don't give a shit whether she's a part of it. Oh, and bring up India, Talia has this obsession...  Whoa, Donald, play hard to get, not hard to want...Let Talia know that your goofy act is just something you do for the kids....
They wouldn't be a bit surprised..
Do you realize if the women of America would have just heard what you said...
I'm not really a--Does it count if...
Yowza--Only a virgin could answer that fast.
Call me conservative, but I'd rub my penis on the faces of all the ladies before bestowing the final honors to the divine Ms. Berry's lovely visage.
Pamela Anderson, Kate Moss, Halle Berry, and Fiona Apple, all naked in one room. You can do anything you want to them, except one of them has full-blown Aids, and you don't know who. And you're not allowed to use a condom.
Of course you are. You don't know what I was like before I met you. You're like the best counselor ever.
Eric...You can't be like me. You have to be better. I'm not the guy you think I am...
There you are!  Man, I don't know how to thank...
Sure, Wichita. Whatever you say...
You know, I think I left something by the lake. Could you check it out-- You'll know it when you see it...
Oh thanks, it was nothing...
That really sucked, Eric, what you did, asking him that...
Man, it's not like I don't know about women. I had this babysitter...
Eavesdropping, eh?  Hear anything good?
You guys have been so colossal...
Mine!
Why am I so--That's new--The way I figure it is if I can get through to just one camper...then I'm a pretty incompetent counselor.                                           ] Don't get caught. I'll deny                                 ] everything.                                                 ]
Thanks, Talia...Why are you so nice to me?
Ooh, I'll think of something, missy. A telescope?  Where you going?  I don't want to know.
What are you gonna do about it?
Freeze!  You're busted!
This is...this is...a very special moment...
I hope so...
Whew, that wasn't a period. That was an exclamation mark. You know, Hayley, behind every great woman is a great first menstruation anecdote.
Everything.
Wha-at?  What is it?
Talia, don't go!
It's about time. Isn't Fun great?
Man, she's losing it...
Thanks a lot. Seriously though, by winning this bet, you will prove to the world that you indeed know everything.  Isn't the rush of gambling on your cynical philosophy of life enough?
Hello?!  What's in it for me?
Stop, stop...I'm willing to put my mouth where my mouth is...I throw one overhand pass and Todd catches it-- dramatic pause--You let me go down on you...
You're a little harsh on Todd. You're a little harsh on everybody. I know                         ] you like to think of yourself as                            ] the Anti-Oberon, but man, you're                            ] getting just as spooky. What was                            ] that speech in there?  Does Camp really                     ] have to be a revolutionary act?  Can't                      ] the children, at their own pace,                            ] discover...                                                 ] ] WICHITA                                            ] Yeah, okay, I was a little out of                           ] hand, but come on, you got to give me Todd.  Don't get me wrong, I've learned to love the little Piggy, but Todd is the most invincible loser I've ever come across. His greatest talent is lack thereof. No matter                           ] what the category, bet against him                          ] and win.                                                    ]
Goodnight.
Goodnight, Jasper.
Hey, it's not a crush anymore if                            ] you actually say it to the person                           ] you supposedly have the...                                  ] ] JASPER                                             ] Thought I'd get points for a post-                          ] modern approach to coming on to you.                        ]
Wichita--you're everybody's type. But seriously, don't worry about it. I get my occasional crushes.
Hey, I thought I wasn't your type.
I guess it was too much to ask that it would somebody older...and maler. Like you.
Not so secret anymore. Don't look all at once...behind the pine...Dorothy from Cabin Seven.
Your Secret admirer?
No, they're not from Wendy.
You're all making me blush...
You are to be executed at Dawn anyway.  Might as well commit the crime. Go to her, Wichita...
When all else fails, Jasper--Gum. Even now in these troubled times,                           ] every child's drug of choice.                               ]
Sorry about all that...I'm your CIT-- Jasper.
Go stand by the flagpole.
They're the easiest to shoplift, okay?  No woman should have to pay for something forced-on-her-without- choice by Nature...what's the matter, Hayley?                                                     ] ] As they playfully bicker, Hayley gazes, with a tinge of               ] longing, to Vanessa and the Bombshellettes parked at a picnic         ] table, flirting up a storm with their cute-boy-counterparts.          ] ] TALIA                                              ] What do you think--it's the Last                            ] Night of Camp Dance.                                        ] ] PIXEL                                              ] What are you saying?  She doesn't need                      ] some <u>boy</u> to validate her summer                             ] experience!                                                 ] ] TALIA                                              ] Oh of course she does, you dumb                             ] bitch.  Just because we're feminist,                        ] doesn't mean we have to be totally                          ] abnormal.                                                   ] ] PIXEL                                              ] Hayley back me up...                                        ] ] HAYLEY                                             ]                                              ] One dance would be kind of                                  ] nice...Don't hate me, Pixel.                                ] ] PIXEL                                              ]                                               ] I don't. Now go away, Talia and I                           ] need to huddle...                                           ]
Yeah, an insane female gynecologist! Hayley, don't listen to her.
Don't forget, when you get home, O.B.'s. They're created by a female gynecologist.
Don't worry, I have 33 more days to find just the perfect moment to tell him how I...
"or you're going to get it?" Wow, first week of camp. Promise me you won't try moving so fast with Wichita.
Am-ber!  Uh...don't do that.
Get him alone for the summer. Out in the wilderness. Underneath the stars...
I don't know what I'm doing. I know he only likes me as a friend. He's just so...everything--I know he only likes me as a--but it came up that he used to be a camp counselor and I used to be a camp counselor...
That wants to be a Yes.
That would be a No.
You and Wichita go to school together, right?  Have you two ever...
Are we allowed to start hating "Wendy" yet..."Gee Wichita, I guess mosquitoes have always liked me."
It's just funny...who needs a serial psycho in the woods with a chainsaw when we have ourselves.
Yeah. And?
One day they'll find a cure for AIDS. They'll never find one for sex. It's kind of funny, most movies and stories with a bunch of camp counselors has some serial psycho in the woods with a chainsaw who systematically butchers everybody one by one.
This is not the way it was supposed to-- I was going to start writing a children's book using input from all-- I don't even like smoking!
...sorry...
Clever observation. Go back to Wichita.  Oh that's right, you can't.
I'm sorry. It just...It seems silly. Like kissing a girl.
Exactly. When we get into the clearing, I'll turn on my sexy moves. Wichita will go for it or he'll shoot me down.  Either way, you come away with knowledge.
The oak where Jocelyn sprained her ankle.
You'll be hiding behind a tree.
Uh-huh.
I'm not a nai-ive little...
You remind me of me when I was...I guess I was never like you. So cute. So questioning.
Why do you even like me?
I didn't realize I had to declare a major.
Geez, what time is it?  I have to go feed Big Chief Oberon...You're right, I miss him. Wichita, that is.  I really want to be with him, but I can't bring myself to--Are you a lesbian or are you...
When did pretending to be bored become a sign of superiority?  Are you mad at me for giving the cabin new haircuts or are you just still miserably pining for Wichita's lightning rod?
You know you just do this for shock value. It's not shocking.
Nothing.
What are you doing?
I just don't know about this whole actual sexuality thing--How do you go from being friends with a guy to wanting to put the thing he uses to go to the bathroom with in your mouth?
Wendy, don't be afraid to get a little stupid and contagious. The kids don't understand that this is our summer, too. We shouldn't have to put our lives on hold to be their butlers.
I don't know about you dickweeds, but I gotta go take a nice, long juicy dump.
Man asswipe, you made my enormous cock fall off...
Yes, it does.
Talia, just because you happen to be Jewish, doesn't mean you can make fun of someone desecrating the Lord's body...
Who wants to go tell the Anti-christ to take a "time-out?"
We need more ritalin. Can't we just grind it into the munchkins' food?
Well, the first week of camp has swhooshed on by and I thought this a perfect time to finally pow-wow. I think we should discuss--
Hey--whaddya say, we need another muskrat to join our Sunshine circle. Scurry up!  Isn't Fun great!
You look a like you could use a friend.  You know, I'll never forget my first day at camp. Boy, I was so nervous that I...
I gotta...I gotta go do a "bunk check." Or some fucking thing.
I just never thought of you in that...
Stop, stop, what was I thinking...out in the wilderness.  Under the stars. I've ruined every--
Talia, you're a wonderful person...
"...how important our friendship..." Not that old--Oh God, what have I done?
Talia, you know how important our friendship is to me and I would never do anything to...
...and it hurts too much to keep these feelings inside me any longer...
Ooh look, time to confiscate my first water balloon...
College was entertaining, Wichita, but after 40 days and 40 nights of this, I really think we're going to get to know each...
How do you mean?                                            ]
Nobody really changes at summer camp. They merely find out who they are and become it more than ever.  You can't be helped, Wichita. I'm not sure you can be punished, either. But let's find out...
You should grab her and shake her                           ] and tell her it's a goddamn war out                         ] there.  Idiots and assholes and                             ] sadists that must be defeated. Tell                         ] them her the truth!                                         ] ] WENDY                                              ] The truth is a lie!  Yes, television                        ] is rotting our brains!  Yes, people                         ] kill people easier than ever!  Does                         ] that mean we give up!  I think every                        ] child is capable of being talented,                         ] happy, and great. I'm probably wrong,                       ] but you know something, it's good                           ] to be wrong.                                                ] ] WICHITA                                            ]                                     ] You might be right...Wendy, you're                          ] fantastic. I can't stop adoring                             ] you...                                                      ]                                         ] What I thought was lust, was only                           ] love...You think I'm scared, scared                         ] of love...Love conquers all...Maybe                         ] I don't want to be conquered. "Share                        ] my life"--I barely got enough for                           ] myself...But we were in the picture                         ] together...the picture....                                  ] ] WENDY                                              ] What are you talking about?  What                           ] picture...                                                  ] ] WICHITA Just forget--You didn't bring me out here to help me change. You brought me out here to punish me.
Yes!  God yes!  I would tell her that I love her!  To not let anyone take away her dreams..!
Yeah, why should we let our actual personalities get in the way of us falling in love?
So what?                                                    ]
Isn't this the time where one of us says something deeply offensive to the other one...We're just so different.
Wendy, I'll come back later.                                ] ] WENDY                                              ] Why does every ten year old know                            ] what they want to be when they grow                         ] up, but then as you actually grow                           ] up, you forget every--The girls are                         ] big on "Veterinarian" this year--                           ] I think it could be the "ballerina"                         ] of this century.                                            ]
I have to get up. Still more to do. That boy hates Asian people. That girl thinks she gave her Mom cancer by dropping a plate on her hand. Her daddy touches her. His daddy never touches him. It would have been cooler if I'd died.
Shut the fuck--!
Iunno.  Of course I believe you. It's so you...I didn't think it was possible                        ] for you to make me feel worse,                              ] but...you're saying you <u>deliberately</u>                        ] destroyed us!  I don't even get I'm-                        ] sorry-it-was-the-heat-of-the-                               ] moment...                                                   ] ] WICHITA                                            ] I know, I'm...I'm evil.                                     ] ] WENDY                                              ] Oh that's right, baby, you're so                            ] "evil." You're, you're so "dark"...                         ] ] WICHITA                                            ] We should get back.                                         ] ] WENDY                                              ] You're not evil or dark...you're                            ] just scared.                                                ]
Stop!  Stop it, this afternoon was not what you thought...I overheard you and Pixel, at the side of the mess hall, your idea about the "test"...Do you believe me?
Something more interesting than that...How could you?  How could--!
What do you want me to say?
Ah, our last night at camp...I always knew it would be something special.
This isn't about "doing it." I just think we need to talk some things out privately before...
Not now, Wendy.
Excuse me, Wichita, I can't seem to reach the top shelf in the storage room. Could you...
Be nice. Her father died in that TWA flight the government shot down...You know I'm going to be in the city next week. My mom says it's okay that I stay overnight at your dorm...It'll be nice to see you in                          ] a different shirt.                                          ] ] WICHITA                                            ] Oh, I didn't tell you. I wear this                          ] all year round. The chicks dig it...                        ]
She got a little poison oak and started screaming for assisted suicide.
Do you really think I care?
Do you really think we're fooling anyone?
Oh my gosh, why didn't you say something earlier...
Excuse me, Counselor Wendy, I need assistance in finding that important...thingie in the storage room.
It's been known to happen.
Are you allowed to do it more than once a night?
Probably.
I should leave. You probably need your rest.
Fuck off.
Don't worry, you...
I know what you mean. But it doesn't put me in too great a position...
I love you. Don't say I love you, too. I hate that--"love you, too."
I was thinking...if we could mesh my way of thinking with your way                            ] of thinking, we could really do some                        ] great counseling. It's all about                            ] the evolution of the species, we                            ] can improve...                                              ]
And you'll be happy to know I'm going to drop my Snow White and the Seventy Dwarves act...Not all of it, but...
Todd was out there blocking the                             ] entrance. You would have been proud                         ] of me...My suit of armor is starting to come off. Not all of it, but enough to walk around...
About ten years a--why...Don't look at these...Come on...Stop.
When were you in Niagara Falls?
Don't be. Don't be sorry for your thoughts. They make me...react. I don't know...all I know is that I can't go through another summer where I <u>almost</u> did something.
"Iunno." I'm really beginning to hate that word of yours. I'm sorry for sounding hostile, but I'm not sorry for...
Iunno.
So this is it, anybody you don't agree about everything with can't be your friend...
Talking while kissing.
What else don't you believe in?
It's okay, there's a lot of things I don't believe in...
Do you really not believe in God?
You know, this reminds me of the time we were talking about something and then just started kissing...
Gosh, this is really a great conversation--I can't believe I said that out loud.
We have more in common than you think, Wendy dear. I loved summer camp when I was young and I love it now. It's important. Between school, family, friends, pot, playstations, basic cable, and the goddamn Internet, it's possible to go your whole life without listening to your soul. Out here, in nature, away from the shit, surrounded by reminders of who I once was...I get recharged. Now who's the dork?
I think your condescension is even better.
I think your passion is terrific.
Ann Taylor would have paid a lot more, but I wouldn't trade this experience for the world. Sometimes the first time you understand anything is when you have to explain it to someone younger-- You think I'm a big dork don't you?
Talia's a rock. She'll be fine...
Yeah. I guess I do.
Yes you do.
We had fun. I even got along with Talia-- for about three minutes. I don't know why she hates me so much...
Yeah, we talked about sex, too. Oberon must be sweating in his sleep.
Oh you know, Bosnia, the importance of the right to vote...
Hey--that coffee?  You're a goddess. Gimme, gimme...So what you gals talk about?
Hey.
That's not what I was worried about.
I-unno...Don't worry, I had everything on the hand memorized.
What in the hell did you do that for?
"Wichita"--The guy every boy wants                          ] to be and every girl wants to hold.                         ] You're the love of my life and the                          ] end of the world. Cheers.                                   ]
What are you doing, Wendy?  What's in that cup?
Two billion years of evolution and                          ] you're what we've come up with--                            ] "Wichita"--the hot, cool, tell-it-                          ] like-it-is counselor with a dark                            ] side.                                                       ]
No. Fuck no. If you met yourself as a child, would you hug her and say everything's going to be okay...
Have you ever thought of instead                            ] of making children more equipped                            ] for reality, we should make reality                         ] more equipped for children?                                 ]
I'm just thinking I'm glad I broke up with everyone I ever went out with.  The swelling is gonna go down, right?
I'm still on anti-biotics, I really                         ] shouldn't be caffeining...Gosh, I've had a lot of daydreams about losing my virginity. Never one like this. For one, I wasn't a mutant. Secondly, I...What are you thinking?
Thank you, my love.                                         ]
God, you're beautiful.
] So <u>that's</u> one of the pearls from                            ] your mysterious journal?  And all this                      ] time I thought you were restructuring                       ] the world's economy.                                        ]
Next to "boring," "Sucks" is the most painfully overused word in the current English language. I thought if I could reverse the meaning of "sucks" so it means something positive, I don't know...It would be vaguely revolutionary. It's kind of my social experiment for the summer. "Suck" is historically a nice word-- sno-cones, your mother's...
Nice guys finish last. I should know.
It's not my style, okay?
Hey, you're not settling for the two shots are you? Knock me out girl. It's the only way.
Ronnie!
Betty, your daydreams are a lot better than my realities, believe me. I'm afraid though it's time to get your butt kicked.
Shoot.
Ronnie, I'm still a virgin.
That's bullshit. Just shoot.
I missed you. I know I'm not as, as exciting as your other friends.
Don't get cocky, girl.
I don't believe it. I'm winning.
Oh Ronnie, you have to look at what I dug up the other day.
Don't say that.
That's okay. Your Mom said you had a big date. Heck, I'd probably skip my own birthday party for a date.
I'm really sorry I couldn't make it to your birthday party last month.
Betty Finn. Gosh.....
Sorry Veronica.
You don't deserve my fucking speech!
Save the speeches for Malcom X. I just wanna get laid.
I have a little prepared speech I give when my suitor wants more than I'd like to give him.... Gee Blank, I had a nice....
Let's do it on the coats. It'll be excellent.
Hey really, I don't feel so great.
How's my little cheerleader? Now I know everyone at your high school isn't so uptight, come <u>on</u>.
Hey, don't run away now.
Jeez, right, then why don't I do drugs?
Phil Collins? Are you sure he isn't drinking and driving?
Ever since Phil Collins did that MTV anti-drug commercial I refuse everything.
It's so great to be able to talk to a girl and not have to ask "What's your major?" I hate that.
Gee, thanks.
No, not at all. BRAD You're pretty enough to be one.
So, are you a cheerleader?
You did last night.
I'm sorry? I don't get it.
Like last night, Veronica?
I don't know. This thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
What are you talking about? She hated you! You hated her!  What are you smiling at?
In my heart, Heather's still alive.
Oh, I have to hear this.
You're beautiful.
If I got that money, I'd give it all to the poor. Every cent.
Color me educated. I learned high school happiness is for members only, Pauline Fleming wouldn't know reality if it lived in her uterus, and reality's name's Heather James. Also, J.D.'s a major creep.
Hey Veronica, how'd that Teenage Prevention T.V. Suicide thing go?
Oh yeah, that's it.
Because you're an idiot.
Goddamn. Will somebody please tell me why I smoke these damn things?
I don't know, it was okay, I guess.
So what was the first day after Heather's suicide like?
All right.
Oh yeah, that's it.
Because you're an idiot.
Goddamn. Will somebody please tell me why I read this spy crap.
I don't know, it was okay, I guess.
So what was the first week of Spring Vacation withdrawl like?
All right.
Take a break Veronica, sit down.
Uh-huh.
Things are going to change, Earl.
I don't get treated at all, but hey, don't worry about it. I'll do your thing. It'll give my Mom a smile.
I just want to show different kinds of people can get together and it doesn't have to be Vietnam. You don't get treated badly here do you?
Damn, you're a shrewd one. Shrewd.
Something like that. Will you do it?
Let me get it clear, Veronica. You want yourself a sweet homeboy for this T.V. show so you can show everybody what a loose, Martin Luther Cosby-lovng place Westerburg is.
I made your favorite. Spaghetti. Lots of oregano.
What are you doing here?!
Oh God Veronica, my afterlife is s-o-o boring. If I have to sing "Kumbaya" one more time...
Heather? Wha...
Is this turnout weak or what? I had <u>at least</u> seventy more people at my funeral.
Did we? How the hell'd you get in here?
We both said a lot of things we didn't mean, last night.
Veronica. And Jesse James. Quelle surprise. Hear about Veronica's affection for regurgitation?
Monday morning, you're history. I'll tell everyone about tonight. Transfer to Washington. Transfer to Jefferson. No one at Westerburg's going to let you play their reindeer games.
Lick it up, baby. Lick. It. Up.
You were nothing before you met me! You were playing Barbies with Betty Finn! You were a Brownie, you were a Bluebird, you were a Girl Scout Cookie! I got you into a Remington Party! What's my thanks? It's on the hallway carpet. I get paid in puke!
You goddamn bitch!
You stupid cunt!
No. Hell no.
Heather, I feel awful, like I'm going to throw up. Can we jam, please?
What's your damage? Brad says you're being a real cooze.
Don't worry. David says he's very so he's very.
Crap. So who's this Brad guy I've been set up with? Witty and urbane pre-lawyer or albino accountant?
Never say never.
J.D.? You seem pretty amused. I thought you were giving up on high school guys.
Geez, don't listen to them.
Come on Heather. We want another look at today's lunch.
Come on you jerk. You know you used to have a sense of humor.
We made a girl want to consider suicide. What a scream. What a jest.
That episode with the note back there was for all of us to enjoy, but you're determined to ruin my day.
I'm sorry? What are you oozing about?
You wanted to become a member of the most powerful clique in the school. If I wasn't already the head of it, I'd want the same thing.
Yeah, and who wants that on their teeth?
Don't tell me. Crest would be stained with loserness.
Just imagine somebody like your quasi-fat, goody-good friend Betty Finn doing a Crest commercial. No one would buy Crest.
Whatever. I don't believe this. We're going to a party at Remington University tonight and we're brushing up our conversation skills with the scum of the school.
Pretend you're a missionary saving a colony of cootie victims.
Like I give a shit. They all want me, as a friend or a fuck. I'm worshipped at Westerburg and I'm only a Junior.
Doesn't it bother you that everyone in the school thinks you're a pirahna?
Fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Theresa? If I did, I probably wouldn't mind talking to the Geek Squad.
I'm sorry, it's just why can't we talk to different kinds of people?
If you're going to openly be a bitch....
Color me impressed. I thought you grew out of Betty Finn.
I was talking with someone!
Shut up, it is. I told Dennis if he gave me another topic that was political, I'd spew burrito chunks.
Hey, this question wouldn't be that bizarro thing you were babbling about over the phone last......
Ouch....the lunchtime poll. So what's the question?
Sawyer. Guess what today is?
Don't think.
I'll think about it.
You don't have anything <u>for</u> her either. Come on, it'll be Very. The note'll give her shower nozzle masturbation material for weeks.
Shit, Heather. I don't have anything against Martha Dunnstock.
Veronica. Finally. Got a paper of Kurt Kelly's. I need you to forge a hot and horny but realistically low-key note in Kurt's handwriting and we'll slip it into Martha Dumptruck's lunch tray.
I'm giving Veronica her shot. Her first Remington Party. Blow it tonight girl and it's keggers with kids all next year.
So tonight's the night. Are you two excited?
Maybe when you hit maturity you'll understand the diff between a Remington University man like David and a Westerburg boy like Ram "Wham-bam- thank-you-maam" Sweeney.
King David.
Anyway, I can say never to high school. I've got David.
He used a real gun. They should throw his ass in jail.
God, they won't expell him. They'll just suspend him for a week or something.
Color me nauseous.
Grow up, Heather. Bulimia's so '86.
Ku-urt, I ne-ed an orgasm.
Ku-urt, let's pa-arty.
Some teenybopper rag says Big Fun wants to play a Prom. It could be Westerburg's if we can get everyone's John Hancock.
TEENAGE SUICIDE; DON'T DO IT!
Don't worry. I'll ask you to do me a favor. You'll get the negatives and everything back then.
Very very. The photographs?
I think you can. In Catcher in the Rye Holden says his ideal job'd be making sure some kids don't fall off a cliff. He doesn't realize if you pay too much attention to the kids, you'll back off the cliff yourself.
But she couldn't handle it.
Strength. Westerburg doesn't need mushy togetherness, it needs a leader. Heather Chandler was that leader but...
What do you want from me?
Oh, I just had the <u>nicest</u> chat with Ms. Dumptruck. Got along famously! It's scary how everyone's got a story to tell....Would you care to see the canoeing shots?
Where did you get these?
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
What are you doing?
Yeah, I just got back.
Veronica, you look like hell.
Because I can be! The same fucking cheek, goddamnit! Why are you pulling my dick? Do you think, do you really think, if Betty Finn's fairy godmother made <u>her</u> Cool, she'd still act nice and hang with her dweebette friends? No way! Uh-Uh!
Heather, why can't you just be a friend? Why are you such a MegaBitch?
Jealous much?
No.
It was J.D.'s idea! He made out the signature sheet and everything. Now will you sign it?
Don't talk to me like that.
So some people need different kinds of "convincing" than others....  Hey, just sign the petition!
People love you but I know you. Jennifer Forbes told me the petition she signed was to put a jacuzzi in the cafeteria. And Doug Hylton...
Veronica! Color me stoked, girl. I've gotten <u>everyone</u> to sign this petition even the one who think BigFun are tuneless Eurofags. People love me!  My God, you haven't signed!
Oh shit, yeah.
Just shut up and turn on the radio. Hot Probs is on.
What. A. Martyr. Understand; Martha couldn't take the heat so she got out of the kitchen. Just think what a better place the world would be if every nimrod followed her cue.
You're not funny. Ouch!
You are out of control. Heather and Kurt were a shock, but Martha Dumptruck, get crucial! She dialed suicide hotlines in her diapers.
I said I was sorry.
That's the punchline. She's still alive, in stable condition. Another case of a geek trying to imitate the popular people of the school and failing miserably. Is that pate?
Is she dead?
Hi everyone, door was open. Veronica, you missed it! Pauline and Whitney James were up there doing there suicide rap when the cops come in and announce that Martha Dumptruck tried to buy the farm. She gave the ticket girl at the Colfax theatre a suicide note then bellyflopped in front of a car.
Heather.
Guess who?
Yes. Yes. We'll work something out. I swear to God. Won't we J.D.?...J.D.?
Don't worry. We'll work something out.
Well, you better move Holden out of the way or he's going to get spewed.
Yeah, you know Holden Caulfield in the Catcher in the Rye wouldn't put up with their bogus nonsense.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe you should see a doctor.
Okay, I'm going, I'm going. Jesus...
Yeah, she really wants to talk to you.
Sure.
Let's knock off early. Go to the mall. Something lame like that.
Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
Probably....
If everyone jumped off a bridge, young lady, would you?
But what about Heather and Ram and Kurt?
You're giving your life away to become a goddamn statistic in U.S. Fucking A Today. That's got to be the least private thing I can think of.
Suicide is a private thing.
What were <u>you</u> trying to do? Sleep?
So did you call people to tell them how to get to the studio tonight?
Shit.
Please Veronica. Put Billy the Kid on hold tonight, I'll never forget it.
Hea<u>ther</u>, I've got something going with J.D.
Ram asked me out, but he wants to double with Kurt and Kurt doesn't have a date.
Mourning. Maybe watch some T.V. Why?
Veronica. What are you doing tonight?
Uh-huh.
That was seriously warped, Veronica.
Yeah, where's your urge to purge?
Watch it, Heather. You could actually be digesting food.
Give it up girl!
No way, no day!
Give me the clipboard.
God Veronica, drool much? His name's Jason Dean. He's in my American History.
Oh sure, Pilgrims, Indians, tater tots; it's a real party continent.
God, aren't they fed yet? Do they even have Thanksgiving in Africa?
God, I'm so sure. Don't blame me, blame Heather. She told me to haul your ass into the caf pronto. Back me up, Heather.
What's your damage, Heather? You ruined my...
You've got power, Veronica. Power I didn't think you had. The slate is clean.
I thought I...you..
You really fucked me up, Veronica.
What?
You know what I want, babe?
Just push the red button twice. That's what stops it. If that's what you want, babe?
The bomb, asshole!
You're not listening. People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school <u>was</u> society. Is that deep or what? I'll let you put it in your diary, babe. Free of charge.
How do you turn the fucker off?
You want to wipe the slate clean as much as I do. Okay, so maybe I am killing everyone in the school because nobody loves me. You have a purpose though! Remember? Let's face it, the only place different social types can genuinely get along with each other is in heaven.
It's all over, J.D. Help me to stop it.
You didn't say Simon Says.
Okay, okay. I knew that. I knew that. Put your hands on your head.
Like father, like son. A serious-as- fuck bomb in the boiler room that'll set off a pack of thermals upstairs. Okay, so let's start by slowly putting the bomb down on the ground.
I knew that loose was too noose! I mean, noose too loose! Goddamn you!
No-o!
If you'll excuse me......
You don't get it, do you? Society nods its head at any horror the American teenager can think to bring upon itself. We don't need gloves and does anyone really care about exact handwriting?
Tomorrow someone else will move into her place. That person could be me.  Ha, there's only one of us who knows Heather's handwriting and if you think I'm doing another suicide note.
I think I know Heather a bit better than you, okay? If she was going to slash her wrists, the knife would be absolutely spotless.
What in the hell do you think I'm doing? Taking out her tonsils?
This knife is filthy.
Nag, nag, nag, nag. nag.
You're still not listening! I'm not..
Wait a....You're not listening! I'm not on your side....
Look at that. Eskimo. One word. I love it. I usually go for whole sentences myself, but hey this is perfecto. Eskimo. So mysterious...
"You say tomayto, I say tomahto. Let's call the whole thing off...Hold it!
Get off my bed, you sick psycho! You think you're a rebel! You're not a rebel! You're a sick psycho! Do you think you're a rebel? Do you think you're a rebel? I wanna know!
I don't get it! You were wrong! I was right! Strength, damnit! Come back!
It's over, J.D.  Over!
I could be up for that. I've already started underlining <u>meaningful</u> passages in Heather's copy of Catcher in the Rye, if you know what I mean. So are we on?
I was thinking more along the lines of slitting Heather Duke's wrists open and making it look like a suicide.
Catch a movie? Miniature Golf?
Phase my ass! You'll be <u>back</u>! I'm storming Normandy beaches and you're running in place with Pauline Fonda's airhead peacenik exercise program. Have to stay tough! You'll be back.
I'm going to make this Ms. Pauline thing work. Lines of communication between the cliques. You were a phase....
Our relationship's moving fast, I know, but I have real, real respect for you.
You're getting too cool for me, J.D. I don't know how to talk to you.
Wha-at? Come on, there's another T.V. in the kitchen. You know you used to have a sense of humor.
We're breaking up. I am out!
May<u>be</u>.
Our sins? What sins? If you put a Nazi in a concentration camp, does that make you a Nazi?
Let's just...settle down. Ms. Fleming has given us a chance to atone for...
You kids are making too much damn noise.
You can be so immature!
Don't <u>even</u> talk about that stuff!
She wants to ignore the high school experience. Our way's better. We scare people into not being assholes.
You shoulda stuck around, jerk. Ms. Fleming wants to redefine the high school experience.
I was just making it more special.
Can't you see this is a special moment?
How do you think Mr. Kelly would react to a son with a limp wrist with a pulse?
Your son's dead and you love him.
Sure. Can we make an ice run before the funeral?
Football season's over, Veronica. Kurt and Ram had nothing to offer the school but date-rapes and A.I.D.S. jokes.
Did not.
Did to.
Did not.
Did to.
I did not want them <u>dead</u>.
You believed it because you wanted to believe it. Your true feelings were too gross and icky for you to face.
Of course.
We killed them, didn't we?
Remember he's left-handed.
Kurt doesn't look too good.
Don't move! I'll get him back!
Yeah, but don't worry, it was worth it just to see the look on....
Did you miss him completely?
Oh, you're so smart. How about a little heterosexuality before we go?
This is Ohio. If you don't have a brewsky in your hand after dark you might as well be wearing a dress.
Oh come <u>on</u>. Lots of people drink Perrier. It's come a long way.
Perrier water!
You know it. Oh man, I almost forgot. The one perfecto thing I picked up...
You must have had fun.
We've got a Playgirl, a candy dish, a Joan Crawford post card, and lipstick.
Uh well hey, let's take a look at the homosexual artifacts I dug up. Now, prepare to be a little disappointed.
Oh.
It doesn't work on small animals!
Neat. Let's try it out on J.F.K.
They used them on themselves to make it look like they were dead. Really quite a brilliant device, but too flamboyant to seriously produce.
We don't want to make them out to be too secretly eloquent. Why would the Germans invent a bullet that doesn't kill people? I mean it <u>was</u> World War Two, not a school play.
Exquisite, but I don't think ununderstanding is a word.
Ram and I died the day we realized we could never reveal our forbidden love to an uncaring and ununderstanding world. The joy we shared in each other's arms was greater than any touchdown. Yet we were forced to live the lie of Sexist- Beer Guzzling-Jock-Asshole.
Incredible similarity.
First tell me this similarity is not incredible.
So it looks like the person's been shot and killed when they're really just unconscious and bleeding.
These are Ich Luge bullets. My grandfather snared a shitload of them in W.W. Two. They're like tranquilizers only they break the surface of the skin, enough to cause blood, but not any real harm.
French.
Do you take German?
You can't be serious? Hey listen, my Bonnie-and-Clyde days are over.
Get crucial. We won't be using blanks this time.
I don't get the point of me writing a suicide note when we'll just be shooting them with blanks.
Our love is God. Let's get a Slurpee.
So what? Don't smile like that, Jesus!
I'm doing a favor for Heather. A double date. I tried to tell you at the funeral but you rode off.
What is this shit?
Nice. The last time I saw my Mom, she was waving out the window of a library in Texas. Right, <u>Dad</u>?
My Mom's making my favorite meal tonight. Spaghetti. Lots of oregano.
Jason, why don't you ask your little friend to stay for dinner.
Yeah. Scary stuff.
Heather Chandler is more popular than ever now.
Next channel, darling.
Mute!
That's good. Have you done this before?
"I die knowing no one knew the real me."
You're probably right..."People think just because you're beautiful and popular, life is easy and fun. Nobody understood I had feelings too."
That only proves my point more. The word is a badge for her failures at school.
She missed "myriad" on a vocab test two weeks ago, all right?
This is the last thing she'll ever write. She'll want to cash in on as many fifty-cent words as poss.
That's good, but Heather would never use the word "myriad."
"To me though, suicide is the natural answer to the myriad of problems life has given me."
"You might think what I've done is shocking..."
I can do Heather's handwriting as well as my own.
Adolescence is a period of life fraught with anxiety and confusion.
Like a suicide thing?
We did a murder. In Ohio, that's a crime. But if this was like a suicide thing.....
It's one thing to want somebody out of your life. It's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup of Drano.
I'm just a little freaked, all right?  You got what you wanted, you know.
Stop kidding around. I'm going to have to send my S.A.T. scores to San Quentin instead of Stanford.
What are we going to tell the cops? "Fuck it if she can't take a joke, Sarge."
Same difference. Oh jesus, I'm gonna...
And your worst enemy.
No shit, sherlock. I can't believe it. I just killed my best friend.
Something tells me you picked up the wrong cup.
You're not funny.
Chick-en.
No luck? Well, milk and orange juice'll do quite nicely. Quite nicely.
Yeah, great.
Milk and orange juice. Hmmmm. Maybe we could cough a phlegm globber in it or something.
Okay we'll use this. She won't be able to tell what she's drinking.
What are you <u>doing</u>? You just can't go.....Besides, she'd never drink anything that looks like that.
Man Veronica, pull the plug on that shit. I say we go with Big Blue.
O-kay. We'll cook up some soup and put it in a Coke. Sick, eh? Now should it be Chicken-Noodle or Bean-with-Bacon?
Don't be a dick. That stuff'll kill her.
I'm a Pine-Sol man, myself.
Then let's just concoct ourselves a little hangover cure that'll induce her to spew red, white, and blue.
Trust me. She skips the Saturday morning trip to Grandma's even when she's not hungover.
But before that, I'd like to see Heather Chandler puke her guts out.
Good plan.
I know exactly what the hell you're talking about and you're right, you don't know what the hell you're talking about. Let's just grow up, be adults, and die.
I guess I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
There's a big difference between the most popular girl in the school and dead sperm.
Just saying it's not hard to end a life.
Hey, it was good for me too, Sparky.
See the condoms in the grass over there. We killed tonight, Veronica. We murdered our baby.
Well then, I'll pray for rain.
A well-timed lightning bolt through her window and Monday morning, all the other heathers, shit, everybody would be cast fucking adrift.
Killing her won't solve anything.
Heather Chandler is one bitch that deserves to die.
Now blah-blah-blah is all I do. I use my grand I.Q. to figure out what gloss to wear and how to hit three keggers before curfew. Some genius.
You're welcome. It's a lot more interesting than just flinging off your clothes and boning away on the neighbor's swing set.
That was my first game of Strip Croquet, you know. I thank you.
I saw the croquet set-up in the back. Up for a match?
S'okay....
Dreadful etiquette. I apologize.
Maybe it's time for a vacation.
It's like they're just people I work with and our job is being popular and shit.
I don't really like your friends either.
It's not perfect. I don't really like my friends.
Sure, I'm on my way to a party at Remington University.
Everybody's life's got static. Is your life perfect?
Time out....Jason Dean. Your Pop's Fred Dean Construction. Must be rough. Moving place to place.
My father seems to enjoy tearing things down more than putting things up. Seen the commerical? "Bringing every State to a Higher State."
I don't know. Should you?
Just a humble perk from my Dad's Construction company or should I say Deconstruction company?
I didn't. Cherry.
The extreme always makes an impression, but you're right, it was severe. Did you say a Cherry or Coke Slurpee?
Really? That thing in the caf today was pretty severe.
I've been moved around all my life; Dallas, Baton Rouge, Vegas, Sherwood Ohio, there's always a 7-11. Any town, any time, I can pop a Ham and Cheese in the microwave and feast on a Big Wheel. Keeps me sane.
No, but if you're nice I'll let you buy me a Slurpee. You know your 7-11speak pretty well.
You going to pull a Big Gulp with that?
How very.
Probably just row on out to the middle of a lake. Bring along my sax, some tequila, and some Bach.
That's the stupidest question I've ever heard.
If you inherit five million dollars the same day aliens tell the earth they're blowing us up in two days, what would you do?
There are no stupid questions.
Lighten up, dude. In those woods is some of the finest pussy in the school and we don't even have to buy it a hamburger and a Diet Coke. Punch it in!
Shut the fuck up, all right.
Sex and Drugs and HBO is all I ever need! Whoa! Can you hear me! Hello Tokyo! I said Sex and Drugs and...
Punch it in!
Then get over on my side. Oh shit, cowtipping is the fucking greatest.
I think so, man.
Is it sleeping, dude?
Goddamn Geek!
Cool off, we're seniors.
Let's kick his ass.
That pudwapper just stepped on my foot.
Pretty weird.
I still got to talk to Heather, dude. Weird funeral, huh?
We on tonight man?
Hey Ram, doesn't this cafeteria have a No Fags Allowed Rule?
Answer him dick!
What did your <u>boyfriend</u> say when you told him you were moving to Sherwood, Ohio?
You going to eat this?
Shit, we're seniors, Ram. Too old for that crap. Let's give him a scare though.
Let's kick his ass.
Veronica is into his act. No doubt.
Who does that new kid think he is with that coat? Bo Diddley?
All we want is to be treated like human beings, not like guinea pigs to be experimented on and not like bunny rabbits to be patronized.
I'm lost. You don't get enough attention, you get too much attention. Which is it? Where are your shoes?
Everybody cares for youth but nobody cares about Joey Blow. When that news reporter gets home he'll scream at his son for not mowing the lawn in the right pattern.
This condescending junk makes suicide seem like a cool thing to do. Hey kids, make your parents and teachers feel like shit! Get the respect in death you'll never get in life.
Turn that back on!
Superb.
How was the funeral?
Greate pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the funeral tomorrow.
You two....
May<u>be</u>.
Terrible thing. So will we get to meet this dark horse prom contender?
Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight.
You two....
May<u>be</u>. There's kind of a dark horse now in the running.
Any contestants worth mentioning?
I guess.
Hey kid, isn't the prom coming up?
Get a job.
We have to talk.  Whether to kill yourself is one of the most important decisions a teenager has to make.
Where is he? Where's J.D.?
Veronica! J.D. told me you committed suicide last night!
What, the wine? I realize you're all under 21, but it seemed like such a perfect touch.  Could we get some more light up here?
But Ms. Fleming, it's just not right.
Everyone take their places on the stage!  Isn't this thrilling?!
Heather was cool, but cruel. The good looks and bad manners gave her power, but it could not give her happiness.
Dear Veronica, Heather was your soulmate.....Share.
Sure. Ciao.
It's all yours, Heather. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go throw up.
Stained with loserness. Oh, I like it. Can I use that. It'd be dynamite on interoffice memoranda.
The world wants winners, I guess. Not people stained with loserness.
Oh, I was scared of the same thing, Heather. The minute you try to deal with the actual teenagers who have contemplated suicide you're stepping into quicksand. Quicksand filled with bad complexions, bad grades, bad parents, bad drugs, and all sorts of doody nobody wants to hear let alone bend down to clean up.
I'm so sorry. I was led to believe there were going to be different kinds of social and psychological types at this gathering.
People just don't take the name Heather seriously. They should, shouldn't they?
But my name's not...
I got a confession to make. My name used to be Heather, too.
It rained everyday of my Maui vacation, but hey, I didn't kill myself. I'm Whitney James, Commentary.
That's three things.
Heather Chandler, Kurt Kelly, and Rupert "Ram" Sweeney all had good looks and popularity, but there's one thing they didn't have: Values, Ambition, and Hope.
Is that a fact! You'd better put me name down for an advance copy!
Actually, Mr. Rieper . . . it's a novel, and we'll be sending it to New York. That's where all the big publishing houses are based.
This story of yours-maybe the school newspaper will print it when it's finished.
I work at Dennis Brothers Fish Supply.
Are you a carpenter, Mr. Rieper? HERBERT shakes his head.
I've never cottoned on to Plasticine like you girls, but I enjoy making things out of wood.
We're pretty handy with model making, too, eh?
I adore anything to do with the arts.
I'm not sure . . . but it's proving to be very popular!
What's that?
Mummy has a special technique called "Deep Therapy."
Well . . . I better make myself a bit more presentable.
wanders out. HONORA turns to Pauline and Juliet.
Have a nice outing, you lot.
Bye.
pulls his coat on. HONORA gives him a peck cheek.
I'd better be getting back. Bye, love.
breaks down into heavy sobs.
accompanies Hilda into the hallway.
She says Juliet's in a terrible state . . .
What now?
I've just had Hilda Hulme on the phone.
is chopping firewood in the back garden. HONORA approaches him.
Is it hurting, dear?
waves a pair of new socks around. The family laughing and talking. Pauline is not participating. She is leaning back, looking morose. HONORA looks at her with concern.
frowns at Henry.
No arguments there, Dr. Hulme! All that time inside working on those novels of theirs. They don't get fresh air or exercise!
sits down next to Honora, glass of sherry in hand.
Yvonne hasn't been herself, either. Locking herself away in her room . . . endlessly writing.
Thought I'd have a go at building the birdhouse on Saturday . . . anyone want to give me a hand?
pops a couple more potatoes on Pauline's plate. HERBERT glances at Pauline.
I've booked you in for a chest X-ray . . . just to be on the safe side.
whips off her pinny as HERBERT leads Juliet into the dining room.
Look who I've found!
and Pauline hurriedly work together, setting out plates and cutlery.
Come on through.
Come on! Sausage rolls.
sighs as HONORA puts the frying pan on the stove.
I'll think you'll find our Mr. Bayliss is not keen on seafood. I've got lamb chops in the 'frigerator.
playfully shoves his hand away.
Let's have 'em now, while they're fresh, eh, Nora?
looks down at the ground in front of her.
Look, Mother!
Oh, no. I'm watching my figure.
You have it.
That's enough, Yvonne!
I bet he pitches a tent in the middle of their bedroom, and they have to pretend to be on some mountain!
Love, you can still write to each other.
I felt thoroughly depressed and even quite seriously considered committing suicide. Life seems so much not worth the living, death such an easy way out.
stands and walks toward the door.
You have to let me go!
You're not going anywhere. You're 15 years old!!
I belong with Deborah! We're going to South Africa!
Don't be so ridiculous. You're our daughter, you belong here with us.
The Hulmes will look after me. They want me to live with them!
Open this door!
 I'm bloody dressing as fast as I can, for God's sake!
All right! You go out there and get a job and you damn well pay your own way!
I don't wanna be in bloody school!
You're rude . . . rude and insolent! I don't see why I should keep a horrid child like you at school a minute longer.
is very angry.
What do you know? You wouldn't know the first thing about writing. You're the most ignorant person I've ever met!
These stories are not going to get you School Certificate! You don't seriously think anyone's going to publish them?
snatches up an exercise book from a large pile.
You're failing English . . . you used to be top of the class- PAULINE I'm doing my own writing!
I'm educating myself!
I care . . . your father cares . . . we want you to have a good education.
Who cares!
She says the standard of your work is slipping. At this rate she doesn't think you'll get School Certificate.
What does old Stew want?
It's a letter from the school . . . from Miss Stewart.
My name is Gina!
steps back.
You ran off with Dad when you were only 17! Nana Parker told me!
whirls around and slaps Pauline on the cheek.
Well, I guess I take after you then!
My God, what a disgrace you are! You shame me, you shame the family. You're nothing but a cheap little tart!
grabs Pauline by the shoulders.
Can I go now?
sighs.
If you think for one minute that your father and I will tolerate this sort of behaviour, you've got another thing coming! You're only 14!!! You're a child! What on earth's the matter with you, Yvonne? You know what can happen with boys . . . Don't you have any self-respect?
From now on, you're sleeping in the house, where we can keep an eye on you.
I had a nasty foreboding feeling at first, but now I realise my crime was too frightful for an ordinary lecture.
Her parents won't be going overseas now . . . they'll have to cancel their trip. Don't worry about Juliet.
But she'll have no one to look after her!
Juliet's infectious . . . she'll be going to hospital.
Do you think Juliet could stay here while her parents are away?
holds up a loaded fork. Pauline reluctantly takes it.
You may have forgotten that you were once a very sick little girl, but I haven't!
starts to cut up a slice of bacon and offers it to Pauline.
I just want to be on my own for a while.
You've got to eat, Yvonne. You hardly touched our dinner. I'm not having you falling ill.
I'm not hungry.
Come on, sit up.
comes in with a breakfast tray: bacon and eggs, tea and toast.
I spent a wretched night. It would be wonderful if I could get tuberculosis, too.
leads a young man-JOHN-into the dining room.
He's the manager!
glows with pride. STEVE is emptying his pockets on the bench. HONORA pats STEVE's hand.
 Got an A, Mum!
Well? Tell us! How'd it go?
Hello!
I put on a lot of weight over Christmas.
But you're not fat, Mrs. Rieper!
Oh! I'll pop them in a bowl.
Fruit.
turns around and Juliet presents her with a brown paper bag.
is bending down, pulling a tray of sausage rolls into the oven. Both girls look at HONORA silently.
Thank you. I bought it especially, Mrs. Rieper.
Oh-what a nice outfit!
Hello, Juliet. Juliet take off her jacket.
Hello!
Can't you stay a bit longer, Paul?
stands and picks up her handbag. Pauline stands and Juliet grabs her hand.
We don't want to tire you out, dear.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Rieper. I'm feeling quite fatigued.
looks startled at the outburst.
They sent me off to the Bahamas "for the good of my health." They sent me to the Bay of bloody Islands "for the good of my health."
I know it's hard for you being in here, but it is for the good of your health.
gives her a sympathetic look.
I'm saving them for a rainy day.
I'm the Matron's favourite patient and she's shown me her special stitch!
That's coming along well!
Thank you so much!
It's best not to get too close. Juliet's still not a hundred percent. Hello, Juliet! We've bought you some fruit.
hurries over.
I'm so happy to see you!
Oh, no . . . Mummy's awfully good at it.
I wouldn't want my private business being discussed with a complete stranger!
Well, actually, Mummy's left that programme now . . she's far too busy with The Marriage Guidance Council.
I've heard your mother on 3YA. The Woman's Session has lots of lively debate.
and HERBERT exchange a glance. HONORA smiles at Juliet.
And so, in a blazing fury, Charles runs Lancelot Trelawney through with his sword . . . leaving Deborah free to accept Charles's proposal of marriage!
Let's go for a walk down here . . . come on, Mummy!
Isn't it beautiful!
Goodbye, Mr. Rieper.
Bye, Dad.
I think she knows what's going to happen . . . she doesn't appear to bear us any grudge!
I thought for hours about whether Carmelita should accept Bernard's marriage proposal . . .
Your mother is a rather miserable woman . . . isn't she?
It's a three-act story with a tragic end.
All right, then.
Let's go upstairs, Deborah. I wrote the last 10 pages of my opera last night.
Mummy!
Mummy!
I know what to do about mother.
Yes . . .
I'm coming with you.
I need my sodding parents' consent.
But that's not true! I've got one.
Don't worry, Gina! Mummy and Daddy love each other.
Poor Father . . .
Too right . . . but he doesn't have a show! Nobody gets into Mother's draws except Daddy!
Do you think Bloody Bill's trying to get into her draws?
Poor Mother was completely taken in.
That was what we were led to believe . . .
I thought he was supposed to be terribly ill.
That's great! We'll have the fare in no time!
I can try my father's safe. I'm sure I can get the keys to his office.
This lot's got to be worth 50 quid!
They'll blame the bloody housekeeper. She nicks stuff all the times!
I'm sure they'll notice things missing.
I know, I'll lean forward and show more cleavage!
Just a couple more . . .
Hurry up! I'm freezing!
Stay still or they'll be blurry . . .
You mean travel by ourselves?
Let's go overseas . . .
No, you're not, Gina-it's everybody else who is bonkers!
I think I'm going crazy.
Well . . . no. But it's so obvious.
How do you know? Did he tell you?
That idiot boarder?
John has fallen in love with me!
What??
You'll never guess what's happened!!
I couldn't have done it without you, Charles.
You're such an incredible woman.
I shall call him Diello.
What???
It's so beautiful!
What?
God, yes!
He flings open the door and launches himself at the bed, ravishing her!
That . . .
That.
This . . .
This.
Him . . .
Him.
He . . .
To be known as He!
Saint Mario!
James will be there . . . and Mario! Only they'll be saints.
I'm not! I'm going to the Fourth World! It's like Heaven, only better because there aren't any Christians.
But, we're all going to Heaven!
Daddy says the Bible's a load of bunkum!
I wish James would do a religious picture . . . he'd be perfect as Jesus!
Don't . . . please! Please, don't!
I think I'm dying . . .
Of course it matters! It's Mario!
It doesn't matter.
0h, God . . . I'm so sorry!
Somebody's got to help us!
She's terribly hurt . . .
Mummy!
Mummy!
Maybe I wasn't responsible for the car accident...
Trevor things like this happen to people who experience temporary memory loss. Everybody does things they regret. You just couldn't remember doing these things and now you are so it's a shock to the system. I'm telling you. You will never get better if you keep blaming yourself for your wife's death.
Allison I think I did some very, very bad things. I mean very bad.
Just get better okay?
Why didn't you tell me sooner? I would have switched doctors!
No you don't understand. That's why I've been fighting to get you better. So you wouldn't be a patient anymore.
I understand... I won't-
If it makes you feel better that took every ounce of self control I had. Trevor, I never date patients.
Sorry.
What was it?
No. But at one point you did repeat something though. A phrase. You must have been having this recurring dream, you just kept saying this one thing over and over
Did I ever talk about Kirsty?
No.
Did I ever talk about the accident?
Trevor if someone is talking from a sleep state they are obviously dreaming. So practically everything say is going to sound strange.
Well?
Sure plenty of times.
No. She just would have loved it up here... Allison when I was under... did I ever talk?
Don't tell me. Kirsty used to smoke?
Oh I knew about the chairs already. This is where the emphysema patients come to sneak cigarettes.
Lucky for us these chairs happened to be here.
I did more then that.
You were unfaithful, it sounds like your confessing.
Yeah. It's like I was a different guy then I am today. I can't remember that guy. I see these women, they think I'm someone else, and I'm not that guy anymore. I'm not sure who Kristy knew.
I understand, I think. Other women?
We startred off to be. She was, I guess I was. I just sort of....butchered up the relationship somehow.  Bad choice of words.
You just made that up.
Pitbull attacks.
Eighty third most common.
Skin cancer.
Second most common?
Please. Heart attack. That was easy street.
Okay Mr. Statistics I've got one for you. What's the most common cause of death for adults over the age of eighteen?
Millions of people around the world get on busses every day. When was the last time you heard of anybody anywhere dying on a public transit bus?
Okay so... what's the safest place?
I've got numbers to back me up. Over the course of one year more Americans die in car accidents than did during the entire span of World War II.
Bull...
It's inside a moving car.
I'm stumped.
Hint. It's not a geographical location.
All finished.
So, I'm done. Thats it for today?
I know, my bedside manner's horrendous.
The way you just looked at me...
Of course, yes.
Some call it resilience. Others, stupidity.
You're one tough cookie, Trevor Gooding. You keep coming back to your corner for a quick fix up then go right back out into the ring for another round.
I'm all over it.
Allison we have GOT to talk about this medication you've got me on.
Well Trevor? What have you got to say for yourself? Que pasa?
I miss her. I miss my wife.
Shh. Don't blame yourself Trevor. Please.
If they're blocked memories... I'm starting to realize the reason why I blocked them out. Allison I think I really... screwed everything up.
Well that's not necessarily a bad thing is it?
These hallucinations I'm having. I think they're more like memories coming back to me in a strange way.
You need to get better first Trevor. Way better.  It's okay to miss somebody. It's okay to still love someone after they're gone. But you've got to quit blaming yourself okay...? Okay?
No I need to remember. Look whatever it is take me off it. I can handle pain. I can't handle not knowing...
Easy there Trevor. You need to relax.
Allison? Why can't remember what happened to my wife? Is it something I'm on that's... that's making me forget?
No wisdom, no insight, no plan.
Your insight is enlightening.
That `poor me' attitude doesn't suit you Trevor. Listen, I don't mean to sound like Pollyanna but things could be worse. There's one good thing about coming so near to the end of ones life. Everything is new and exciting, like your seeing it for the first time. You might see things a litlle differently from now on.
Let me see. Oh yeah. My head feels like it's going through a meat grinder. I'm not sure if I'm dreaming or...
Well? What do you say Trevor? Que pasa?
You came in for your EEG. You fell asleep and well, I took the liberty of...I'm sorry. You looked like a wreck Trevor.
What's happening to me? What are you doing?
Your wife...?
Where's Kirsty? Where's my wife?
It's the morphine Trevor. You're on so much of it, you could be asleep and dreaming even with your eyes wide open.
What just happened to me anyway? It looked like a dream but it felt like reality.
Still hallucinating as well. Hmm...
Are you a dream too?
I followed her Trevor. I got to know her life. And what a boring one it was. Six a.m. gym, nine a.m. trendy coffee shop, noon bookstore, one soap operas, four o'clock news, five wait for Trevor to come home. And wait and wait and wait. Nine o'clock get ready for bed. 
Bret you are making no sense whatsoever.
We were gonna be millionaires you said. Nobody'd suspect a thing. I had never even met her. No connection. Then you went and had that fucking car accident.
Bret. What the hell is going on?
Tonight was supposed to be the night, Trevor. Remember? I couldn't believe you went through five dart games and didn't even joke about it.
Bret... what the fuck...?
Someone special.
Yeah? You and who else?
Almost that fast. I got a few loose ends to tie up first. Came into a shitload of money recently. I've always wanted to go to take a trip. We're just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there.
So you're just packing it up just like that?
As much as he feels like. Its a much more pleasurable line of work.
How much time off?
I've got a better offer. More time off. A sort of career shift, more in the engineering line of work.
I quit. Today's my last day.
What's the occasion?
Hey if you're not doing anything I'd like to buy you a beer after work. Be just like old times.
Serious as a heart attack my friend. I think she literally fucked me brains out.
You were supposed to have a date with Gwen last night? GWEN DEARDON? The supervisor?
I crap you not. She was all over me yesterday in the break room. And she was a total machine last night too.
GWEN?
Gwen.
Really? Do tell.
I have my connections
Yeah, how's that?
The boss won't notice me doing a bad job because I'm not. Even if the boss thought I was slacking I'd know right away.
Getting paid for doing shit.
What?
Must be nice.
Look never mind. Just get some numbers going- any numbers at all will due. The hills have eyes remember?
Since what?
Hospital? You haven't been to the hospital since uh...
Give me a break. I checked back into the hospital- amongst other things.
Dude there is a track on the carpet between here and the bathroom. It was made by your ass. You've been dragging it all fucking week. What happened to you yesterday?
Hey Bret. Christ, my head feels like a split coconut.
Trevor what is the metric probability of you getting any work done at all today?
Allison Dormere. Your intern.
Who's Allison?
Where's Allison?
Why don't you relax for the next couple of hours? Barring any relapses you should be able to go home after that.
Take no offense Trevor. I see many patients a day and have an awful memory.
I've been in here before.
Have we met?
Ambrose. I know.
Hello I'm Dr...
What's that?
Now I want you to tell me what you remember happening- in your own words- exactly the way you told Detective Lange. But this time I want you to make one small adjustment.
How many zeros was your wife worth?
As in one minus one equals zero yes. Where are you going with this?
Zero's a number right?
You could say that.
I saw her drowning inside the car, detective.
Last time anybody saw this woman she was alive. You seem to certain she's dead.
What's the difference?
No. No you said HER BODY's been missing.
I said she's been missing for-
What did you just say?
Do I really want to know what you're talking about?
Our little toy. You usually have it up and running by now.
What?
Good boy.  Where's is it?
No, making another woman compete with someone who's been dead eight months. That's cold.
That was cold...
Oh I see. That again. Trevor? I realize it must be hard. But Christ how long does it take someone to move on?
Gwen, my wife's dead.
YOU'RE giving ME a speeding ticket? Mr. Mario Andretti himself?
And it shows. Least it did last night at the quarry. In a big way.
Nothing, look. Gwen I really like you-
What's wrong, Trev?
How do you think you got this job, cock?  Mmm. I'm still tingling all over from our little midnight swim.
Please, Gwen. You're- you're all over me.
Get back here, junior bean counter. This is your supervisor speaking.
Sorry I just kind of... spaced for a second there.
Come on speak up, Gooding, I'm trying to run a business here. I can't have people flipping out in the break room when they should be slaving away at their desks.
It's perfect.
Trevor I've decided we have got to agree on a name before we reach my mother's. This poor kid's going to be starting preschool as student x if we don't make up our minds. So, I've been thinking, what about Daisy?
Yes. Now go back to sleep. You're driving the rest of the way to gramma's remember?
You're alive...
It's okay it was just a nightmare that's all.
Kirsty... Kirsty?
For me? Trevor! How romantic! Come here, you.
Happy Anniversary, Mrs. Gooding.
I only married you for your body.
Really, why's that?
And besides, I thought, to hell with it... it's okay if you only married me for my money.
There is no wisdom, no insight, no plan 
But you had more wisdom than to listen to a false prophet
Really? Why?
Never to put you in my will.
What?
You know what the family lawyer told me one our wedding day?
Enjoyable too. The merger never even felt work for one second.
The best business decision if you ever made I'll bet.
In a word? Lucrative.
How does feel to be Mr. Kirsty Hughes for a whole year.
This isn't happening.
OH MY GOD TREVOR! It hurts!!  oh my God, Oh my God. Trevor, It's coming out.
THE BABY IS COMING OUT! I CAN FEEL IT! SONOFABITCH IT HURTS!! AAAGGGGHHH!!!
What?
Oh my God. It's coming out.
Roughly two thirds of married men who cheat start during the eighth month of their wives' first pregnancy.
Yes I had a quickie with the neighbor during your last contraction.
You've been cheating on me haven't you?
Just concentrate on the task at hand please. Listen to me. You should be giving ME this lecture.
I'm... I'm doing a very special thing here. And you can't even ... respond?
What isn't wrong? Why are you doing this anyway?
If what I've heard is true this could be the last time for a long long time. Besides we've got a whole seven minutes before the next one. Clock's ticking. Tick-tock...
But... I thought...
You win! Okay pull over.
Eighty four.
Uh... eighty two?
Five hundred ninety two thousand seven hundred and four.
Shut up and play darling. Your turn.
Twenty one. Why do we have to do this now Kirsty?
That's right Trevor. The timing was impeccable wasn't it? It's been eight months two weeks and three days but we finally found the body. Just need you to ID it for us.
Morgue...?
We're all here for you Trevor.
Thanks.
The whackjob in the black lipstick who lives down the hall? She wanted you arrested for harassment. I told her to chill out and smoke a joint. I'd look the other way as long as she did you know?
What?
Sorry to take up your time like that Trevor. Don't work too hard. Oh, before I forget. I talked your neighbor out of pressing charges.
Where is she? Where is my wife?
You and your wife were playing a game shortly before you got into that car accident weren't you?
I'll just stay out of this conversation until you come out and tell me why you've disrupted me at work.
I thought you loved games.
No please make yourself at home.
Sorry I'm in your seat aren't I?
I did read that, yes.  What hospital were you going to? I mean the Lodovico Street Bridge isn't exactly on the way to Mercy General.
It should all in the report. I told you guys everything. She was giving birth in the fucking car. She grabbed the wheel and I lost control.
For one thing there were no skid marks on that bridge, the tires were all intact, from what we could tell, nothing wrong internally with the vehicle either. Like the car had been driven off the bridge intentionally.
What evidence?
Okay then. Here's the scoop.
Where's my wife?
Thanks for coming down Mr. Gooding. Has your head healed okay by now?
Thanks for your concern Larry. And fuck you too.
Pardon my glibness Trevor but you sound like a raving lunatic. The next time you seek counsel it should be of the psychiatric type. You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse.
Hello? City? Cops? It's a fucking conspiracy!
Seeing you were her sole benefactor, and I'm the executive of the will, Kirsty's entire estate would have to be donated to the city.
Please Larry. Pretend you like me and humor me.
Well they'd have to prove it in a court of law for one thing-
What happens if I'm convicted of Kirsty's murder?
How much do I stand to inherit if Kirsty is presumed dead?
And as far as hiding a body goes? I find it hard to believe even the dirtiest of cops would keep a victim's remains hidden simply to get someone to confess. It's absolutely preposterous. Now I'm not saying I don't believe you, I'm....ambiguous. There's quite alot of money behind all this.
Hey ninety five point three percent of all murders are committed by either a spouse, a direct relative or a close friend that's common knowledge. But this wasn't murder it was an accident-
Trevor barring the more outrageous aspects of your claim you are not the only widower the police have questioned when foul play is suspected.
I swear these guys are like playing mindgames with me. I think they got a hold of my e-mail address at work too.
A little? Try unbelievably.
Look Larry I know you never thought too much of me. And I know this all sounds a little fucked up.
Who the hell are you talking to?
What do you want?!
Hey buddy!
... but I'm starting to think I was... I was going to...
Hey buddy!
Music to my ears.
I don't work here.
Least let me finish will ya? Got one puff left.
Wow you are out of it.  
You mean... when the car went off the bridge?
Can you follow them?
Two.
Okay how many fingers am I holding up?
We're just gonna take some blood here.
Ambulance.
Do you know where you are?
You probably don't remember the night we played. Your first year as husband and wife.
What's under that sheet...?
Use your mind for something other than numbers dear Trevor. Think about people for a change. People other than yourself. Like the women you slept with behind your wife's back. You were always so confident you had covered your tracks. Always confident your wife actually believed your fervent denials? Part of you must have known she would find out.
I don't know who you are or what you want. I just want to know what's under that sheet...
How is our little student doing? Has he learned his lesson yet?
I hear everything. And soon you will know everything. More than you ever wanted I can guarantee that. But I want you to think for a minute first. Think about all you've seen. All the clues you've been given.
This game is over do you hear me?
Poor Trevor.
Shh. It's okay son. There is but one truth. One thing you can be absolutely sure of. And that thing is this:
But that's what I need. To be sure... to be absolutely sure...
All you've got is the here and the now Trevor. That's all anyone really has. Maybe this will make things easier to understand. A man goes to sleep every night and has recurring dream that he's a butterfly. In time he begins to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dreams he's a man. And at the end of the day does it even matter? All these events you're describing. How can you be sure any of them really happened?
But I saw these women. I saw their mutilated bodies. I saw their ghosts. I just know it happened I can feel it...
Wow. Let's see. So many sins so little time. For starters I was responsible for the death my wife who by the way was carrying my unborn child. That was so I could collect her eight million dollar estate. I think I killed several women I was having mindless sex with behind her back.
What things do you think you've done?
I don't know what I'm doing here. I'm not even Catholic. I just had to tell somebody. It's like, ever since my wife died I don't know what I've actually done or what I've imagined. But I do know if one tenth of what's happening to me is reality... I've done some really awful things in my life. Things that I've... I guess I've blocked out...
Surrender yourself... surrender yourself...
Wait... what the hell is this...
I surrender...
Are you ready?
You can trust me. Your wife is dead and you need to move past that. And the only way to move past something completely is to go straight through it, not around it. Surrender yourself to your wife's death. Let it chew you up and spit you back out on the other side. It's the only way you can become whole again.
I don't even know what's real and what isn't how can I trust anyone?
It was an analogy. Your soul is locked up inside you. You need to free it Trevor. You've blocked it from the healing process. That's what we need to do now. Heal your soul. And to do that I you have to give in utterly and without any hesitation or doubt. Do you know what I mean by giving in? It's about trust. Do you trust me implicitly?
Look, whatever your Marharagi, told you, forget. You've got to get this fuckin pain to stop.
My teacher told me once there's a puncture point on your body that can lock your soul within it, even after you're dead. So that when you die you're trapped inside your body, watching it corrode for all eternity.
Jeez it's getting awful crowded in there.
Trevor your body has been completely healed. All the nerve endings have repaired themselves. If there is any pain in your head it's... in your head.
You should always listen to your subconscious. It's trying to tell you something about your waking life.
I was going to say dimensions. But I guess technically they are dreams.
Dreams?
WHAT?!
Come on, quit fucking around. Listen it's about... what we did together last night.
Hey you're the guy from down the hall.
I... think we need to talk, there's something really strange going on...
Whoa, I have serious space issues, dude. What do you want?
Well now there's a compliment.
Tawny I think I'm going to be sick.
It's getting hot in here.
You must have been very proud of yourselves...
If you ever smelled this coming from our dorm room, you knew one of us was in there getting laid.
For starters. It's also got fennel, asparagus, olives, some more of mother nature's aphrodisiacs... Back in college, me and my roommates used to call it hard- on stew.
Wow. That's good. Lots of capers, huh?
God. Sometimes you can be such an animal. Other times you are the ultimate tease...
I've never said this to a woman before but can't we talk a little bit before grabbing at each other?
I'm kinda feeling nuts myself!
Really?
I'm, uh, not sure... Feeling kind of weird actually.
You okay?
YOU!
Tawny? What's- what are you doing?
You.
Uh... sure, Tawny... what?
Hey. Can I borrow something?
Hey even if it is more power to ya.  Alrighty then. Have a good time.
It's not that kind of date.
The car accident? Any of this ringing a bell?
Last week...
What do you mean?
Whew. You bounce right back don't you?
-Tawny.
No, thanks I've got a... a date tonight-
... knock on my door, I'm a total insomniac.
Y-you're a g-god damn saint, John.
Looking... good, partner.  Hang in there.
So now you gotta wear it, you poor bastard.  Everyday you gotta be everybody's hero.  People watching you all the time.  Waiting for you to make...  a slip.  Slip up.
Yeah, and with me it was like I was supposed to pretend the shoe was mine.
There was this kid there saying, "Go in there and save my father, mister." And I'm thinking about my boy Joey and this goddamn fireman my wife's seeing. It was like I was supposed to save myself.
Same with me, pretending I was you. An impulse.  Why not?  I had this shoe.
I dunno.  It was... an impulse. Me, wearing my good shoes.
That's good enough for me.  You better take that "letter" there and get rid of it.
I... I'll do the best I can, Bernie.
You'll tell him I talked you out of jumping, right?  Just keep me outta prison.
On the deposition for the jUdge, Bernie... I mean there's no way I can promise anything.  I can't tell him what we're up to...
Listen, John, you better double my attorney's fee.  She's very inexperienced, but she done a great job for me. And give her your autograph.  She thinks you're some kinda holy man.
And give a deposition to the jUdge.
You got it?  Four year scholarship to a top college, plus Medical School or Law School or whatever Joey wants; pay off the $2,500 to my attorney, plus pay her fee in full, plus my annual consulting fee...
--but there's a lot of it still left, uh, Bernie.  Almost half.
Bernie.  Call me Bernie.
Well, I donated a lot to different causes, uh... La...
You <u>woulda</u> gone in there, you wouldn'ta thought twice...  Trust me on that, that's the kinda guy you are.  For a guy like me, it's a momentary loss of sanity.  I wasn't thinking clearly.  Listen, I'm no hero, John.  I just want some dough and maybe a little favor. How much didja spend already on all that do-gooder bullshit?  You didn't spend it <u>all</u> didja?
You got those people out of the plane, LaPlante, not me.
Allen?  He... he's okay?
I'm not saying I hate sick people or anything but I hate being <u>around</u> them if you know what I mean.  There <u>you</u> go, you <u>inspire</u> this kid to <u>live</u>.  I probably woulda vomited on him.
It was you!  I thought I heard...
Great!  You make this big goddamn mess, then ya jump.  Beautiful! Listen, John, I was there at the hospital today, I seen you with those little bastards .
I don't need to be a hero, LaPlante, but I can't face people... the looks in their eyes... after the trust they gave me!
Well, we gotta work this thing out, John.  It's a goddamn mess an' I'm halfway to doing serious time in the joint an' the TV lady's so stuck on you she don't want it to come out you stole her purse because it might break the heart of millions.  Looka those maniacs, willya?  They love you, for Chrissake!
Huh?  Whadda you mean?
Which don't sound like such a bad goddamn idea, John.
Right.
And she thinks you're blackmailing me?
What's the big deal?  You decided to pretend you were me.  A little moment of weakness, right?  So I sorta swiped her purse.  I got feet of clay too, bUddy.
You stole her purse!  While you were saving her?
Lighten up, John.  You think <u>you</u> got problems for Chrissake?
What have I done?  I was dirt poor and useless... but I was honest.
I'm beginning to... be aware of that, John.  Listen, I'm not gonna do nothing heroic here, you can trust me on that, buddy.  Whaddaya say we just sit down for a while. I don't have no tricks, I'm not that smart.  You could, like, rest up for the jump.
You should go in.  You're risking your life again...
Jail!  Listen, Bubber...  This is crazy.  We could fall off of here.
The bathroom!  For two days?
I was in the can, for Chrissake.
I never really thought they'd go for it.  And then... you didn't come forward, they investigated my war record...  I kept expecting you to show up and expose me...
I don't recall saying I didn't want a million bucks...
That's close enough.  It's a confession.  The truth.  Jesus, I'm sorry, LaPlante.  I had the shoe, you said you didn't want, publicity because of your legal problems.
What am I, a goddamn postman?  I'm way the fuck up here, I'm scared a heights, and you want me to deliver a letter?  Put a stamp on it for Chrissake!
That's for Ga... Ms. Gayley.
In private.  They got cameras and alla that crap in there. Microphones.
Talk from there.  You can talk from there.
I just wanna talk with you for a minute.  Then you can jump.  You can jump twice for all I care.
Come on, John, don't be an asshole. I don't like heights.
LaPlante!
Hey, Bubber, c'mere!  I gotta talk to you, buddy.
Hey, do I look crazy?  I don't go for that shit... interviews, media. They're manipulators.  "Keep a low profile," that's my motto.
They interview you or anything? At the plane crash?
Sell it to him.  You get a couple bucks, it pays for the ride.  I got a job, nice apartment.  I do okay.
I know a guy who only has one leg.
One leg!  Like the Red Cross or something?
You should give it to someone with only one leg.
In bad weather, yeah.  Mostly I camp out in the woods.  I thought maybe you were down on your luck too when I picked you up.
Looks like you live in here, for Chrissake!
I sell them at the recycling center. Gives me a little for gas and food.
You got a drinking problem or what?
Try stupid.
A lotta people wouldn't have tried. It was pretty brave even trying...
Nah, I fucked it up.  I was tryin' to impress this kid, don't ask me why.  I was gonna rescue his old man, but I couldn't find the poor bastard.  He musta blew up.  I got the hell outta there.  I didn't have the nerve to face the kid.
And you pulled people out? You're...  a hero.
You mean John Bubber?
I seen on the TV where that do-gooder asshole's gonna go visit sick kids at three-thirty.  Children's Hospital, on the double.
TAXI!  HEY, TAXI!  Well, at least I'm gonna get my goddamn million bucks.  TAXI FOR CHRISSAKE!
I read the probation report.  It's not good.  I think you're going... going to prison, Mister... Bernie. I know that scares you but..
Hey, you could call me "Bernie," forget the "Mister LaPlante" stuff.  You are naive.
So you can call me "naive," Mister LaPlante.
Listen, now that I owe you twenty-five hundred bucks plus, how about loaning me twenty for cab fare?
Well, as you like to point out, Mister LaPlante, I'm relatively inexperienced.  My naivete may have worked to your benefit in this instance.
That fake <u>inspired</u> you to loan a guy who's been fired off his job <u>twenty-five hundred</u> goddamn dollars? A guy you say is probably gonna <u>do</u> <u>time</u>!  You're s'posed to be an <u>attorney</u> for Chrissake!  You're s'posed to have <u>good judgment</u>!
I was inspired by the hero, how he stuck his neck out for others, how he took a chance...
You whaaaaaat?  You paid it?  You gave a bondsman ten percent?
I took a loan on my car and my computer.
Whaddaya mean they didn't reduce the bail?  If they didn't reduce it, how'dja spring me?
Twenty-five grand is peanuts!  All you gotta do is get me outta here long enough to collect.
Mister LaPlante, I really want to help you, but crazy stories are only going to make it worse.  The D.A. is asking your bail be set at twenty-five thousand dollars because you were arrested again while you were out on bail...
"Angel!"  I didn't say "angel," that's a little strong.  Listen, here's the thing, I gotta get over there to the TV station to collect my million bucks.
"The Angel of Flight 104!"  You're telling me you're the A...?
Some of it.  Right here.  I got some of it.  I'll get the rest as soon as I can.
Uh, I know you're having financial difficulties, Mister LaPlante, but I wonder if... I mean, the money I loaned you...
I think you should visit your son. And try and get your boss to write a note about your performance on the job.  You need to create the impression of a responsible, decent citizen with familial responsibilities who happened to slip up once.
She don't like me to see him. Says I'm a bad influence.
It's November.
Uh, his birthday, uh, May.  I think.
How recently?
Often, uh.
I understand.  How often do you see your son?
Involved!  Christ!  She attached my goddamn paycheck!  Child support. Why do you think I can't afford a lawyer?  You know what I mean.  Why I got a court appointed lawyer instead of a, uh, more experienced...
Are you pretty involved in his upbringing?
A son, yeah.  What about him?  Joey.
And a son by your ex-wife?  Joseph.
Yeah, I been calling in sick.  They think I got the flu.
We can hope.  You still have your job, right?
He gives a good report and I walk?
I think our best course right now would be to focus on the Probation Officer's report...
I know what he means.  I'm not a prison kinda guy, Miss O'Day.  I'm a goddamn working man for Chrissake!  Maybe I "augment" my income a little with some "business deals," maybe summa the guys I sell to are crooks, how would I know, I'm not an investigator.  You can't make it on a wage no more, not in this country.
He means prison, Mr. LaPlante.
"Anticipation of incarceration"?
Bail, for Chrissake!  I'm innocent!
I got your bail continued.
What's going on?  "Guilty"!  What is this?
Look, I got this kid.  We got a goddamn relationship!  I'm takin' him to a movie tonight!  He worships me.  If I go down what's this do to my son?  I'm his goddamn role model for Christ sake!
Mister LaPlante...
Do I hit anybody?  You see me shoot anybody?  Hey, drugs!  Do I sell drugs?  Jesus, I don't belong in prison.  I'm a family man.
Mister LaPlante...
Take a look at my employment record, you got my employment record there, right?  You see any unemployment there, any welfare? I'm a taxpayer.  They eat me alive, the tax people, they got taxes on everything, taxes, taxes, taxes, and forms!  Taxes and forms so I can pay your goddamn salary, so you can sit there and write stuff, guys like me pay your wages...
Mister LaPlante...
Hey!  Do I have a record?  Have I ever done time?  I mean I been arrested a few times, who hasn't? Parking tickets for Chrissake! Suspicion of stuff!  Have I ever been convicted of anything?
Down.  You mean jail?  For that credit card stuff?  For Chrissake, Bernie, your lawyer...
The thing is, Chick.  I'm goin' down.
I wouldn't be depressed about it, Bern.  A guy don't have to be heroic to be a human being.
Nothin'.
It's a character thing, Bernie. I mean, you wouldn't do it.  No offense.  Me neither.  I mean, a guy like Bubber, he's a certain kinda guy.  Heroic.  You and me, we're not... heroic.  It's not our nature. It don't mean we're bad or nothing. We're just not so inclined.  What about it?
I mean, if I said it, wouldja believe me?  Ya wouldn't, would ya?
Well... I mean... what am I supposed to say here, Bern?  Is this a riddle or what?
Yeah, like that.  Same thing.
You mean like Bubber?  The hero?
What wouldja say if I toldja I ran into a burning plane an' saved a buncha people, Chick, an' risked my goddamnlife?
I'm not gonna throw you out, Bernie.
Hey, I don't blame you for bein' sore.  I know I screwed up gettin' busted in here.  You got a right to throw me out.
You couldn't have a problem, Chick, because I personally have got them all.  I cornered the whole goddamn market.  You wouldn't believe... Oh, how ya doin'...?
You in business with those guys or what?  I wouldn't want a problem for the establishment, Bern.
You don't wanna know, Chick, you don't wanna know.  Those guys been in here?
Bernie, how'sa kid?
When I was a kid, I thought I was gonna be this fantastic wonderful heroic human being.
We're all assholes, Bernie?
The thing about kids is, they're so... young!  They don't know nothin' yet.  When you're a kid, you think you're gonna grow up an' be a "wonderful person" instead of an asshole, like everybody else.
I didn't even know you had a kid.
I can't afford no better.  My ex, she attached my pay check for child support payments.  You looking for Bernie LaPlante by any chance?
You got a ten year old attorney, Bernie?
Nine.  I think.  Maybe ten.  Yeah, ten.  Nice kid.
You gotta kid?  How old's your kid?
My attorney, she's just outta law school, about a couple of years older than my kid, for Chrissake.
Nope.  Legal problems, you gotta have a good attorney.
'Cause I'm up to my ass in shit is why.  I'm broke, plus I got legal problems... Nobody was asking for me, huh?
What is it, five days now I don't see you!
Business thing.  Gimme a seven and seven, willya?
Spanish kinda guys!
Some guys been looking for me, Chick?  Spanish kinda guys.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT <u>YOUR</u> PROBLEMS, I'M GONNA THINK ABOUT <u>MY</u> PROBLEMS. <u>YOU'RE</u> ONE A MY PROBLEMS.  GET OUT! OUT!  OUT!
Bill, I got financial problems and...
OUT!  I TOLDJA.  JESUS CHRIST, I GOT CUSTOMERS WAITING!  AN' YOU WERE GONNA GO OUT LIKE THAT?  AN' MEET THE PUBLIC IN STOCKING-FUCKING-FEET?
Bill, listen...
THAT'S IT!  YOU TALKED!  YOU'RE FIRED!  OUTTA HERE!  GET OUTTA HERE!
Bill, I got some legal problems and I...
YOU KNOW WHY?  BECAUSE IT'LL BE AN <u>EXCUSE</u>!  IT'LL BE "BERNIE LAPLANTE EXCUSE NUMBER FOUR THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED AND SIX."  NO, FOUR THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED AND TWELVE.  THAT'S HOW MANY EXCUSES YOU HAVE GIVEN ME, I KEEP TRACK OF THEM ELECTRONICALLY. I HEARD THEM ALL, BERNIE.
I...
DON'T SAY "BILL," BERNIE!  DON'T SAY ONE WORD!  DIDN'T I SAY "ONE WORD AND YOU'RE FIRED?"
Bill, I...
Back to the jungle, Bernie.  Good night.
I was giving him some advice is all. Preparing him for life.  You don't want him to grow up soft, Ev	, it's tough out there, it's a goddamn jungle.
Use the phone, Bernie, call him tomorrow, he'd like to hear from you.  Where's your other shoe? Never mind!  I don't want to know. Some fantastic adventure, right? Something really crazy.
Listen, it's important, Ev, I gotta see him, I got my reasons, very goddamn important...
How not all of them own apartment complexes, how not all of them play the stock market, how not all of them rent babies when they're panhandling.  He's ten years old, Bernie!  Impressionable!
The homeless!
Maybe not,... but you let him believe it!  And then I gotta explain about the homeless...
Three weeks, Ev.  I didn't tell him I killed anybody...
I had to explain your tendancy to "exaggerate", How you were actually "in country" all of two weeks and how you killed about as many people as the other clerk-typists in your outfit, no more, no less...
"Elliot"?  The heroic goddamn fireman?
He's in bed!  You're not gonna wake him and make him crazy, do you understand?  He comes home from the zoo, he wants to know if Elliot's a "war hero" like you... he wants to know how many people you killed...
That's what I'm trying to... to... okay, nevermind.  Just lemme talk to Joey to... to apologize.
The same thing that always happens! You blew it! And this time you broke your son's heart instead of mine!  He was so proud, looking forward to going to a movie with his father... and you let him down!  Like you let everybody down, always!  What did you do, take a mudbath?
Willya lemme talk for Chrissake? I'm trying to tell you what happened.  What happened is...
Why doncha let me in so we don't wake everybody in the neighborhood?
He had an emergency call... a <u>real</u> emergency.
Is he here, your friend.  The fireman?
It's never your fault, Bernie! Never ever!  You screwed up my life, now you're gonna screw up Joey's life, but you're never gonna accept responsibility for anyth--
Ev, it's not my fault!  I'm trying to tell you this incredible --
I am so tired of your bullshit, Bernie.
You are not gonna believe this, Evelyn!  Absolutely fantastic!  I'm on my way --
He waited for you three hours!
Mister LaPlante... Bernie... I... just for a few moments... I want to be a human being, not a reporter. I'm somebody who was going to die in a burning plane and I looked up, and some man came out of the smoke, his face smeared with mud, and soot and... and he... saved my... life. Off the record.  Was it you?  Why would you deny it if it was? Because you took my purse?  Why?
Me?  Listen, I don't give no interviews.  That was John Bubber. You wanna ask me questions, you could talk to my attorney, Miss O'Day.
Was it you?  In the plane?  Who saved my life?
Who am I?  You're asking me?  You're the big expert for Chrissake!  I'm what?  The "Scumbag," right?  The sleazebag something or other, the blackmailer, the...
Listen, Mister LaPlante... uh, Bernie... Who... are... you?
You media people, you think you can just go anywhere you want, spy on people.
I snuck in.
Well, for your child's sake, show some decency then, rise above your sleazy instincts.  You may have already killed him!
I got a kid, you know.  I'm a person, for Chrissake.
Well, maybe I wouldn't lie...but I could tell the story the way I did just now, so that people could understand that John is even more of a hero, and that you... you're the lowest thing that ever crawled.  Your name will be synonymous with cynical opportunism and blackmail.  You won't get a cent.
Lie, you mean...
I could deny I had those credit cards on the plane with me, LaPlante...
I'm going to apologize to Bubber?
All this is off the record, Chucky, because if John Bubber lives, Mister LaPlante is going to give him his assurance that there will be no more "misbehavior" on his part.  What's more he's going to apologize.
In all that smoke and fire, John had a moment of weakness.  He'd been down and out, destitute, living in his car.  It was just an impulse, stealing my purse.
Underbelly!
You think I haven't figured it out? Just because the cops aren't on to you yet doesn't mean you're home free.  I'm a veteran reporter.  I've seen your kind before, the underbelly of crime.
-- saved your...  whaaaaaaat?  What? Blackmailing...?
A lifetime of petty crime climaxed by your sleaziest accomplishment yet...  blackmailing a national hero...
Hey, lady, I got faults, I know I'm not perfect but I don't get this at all, your attitude.  I saved your...
He had one <u>tiny</u>, uncharacteristic moment of weakness.  That's not the same thing as a lifetime of petty crime...
"Harassed."  Cause I yelled at him when he's riding in his limo?  The guy's a thief, he took my...
Yes, everybody <u>is</u> in love with John Bubber.  The whole country, in fact. And they're not going to be happy if he jumps to his death because he was harassed by a lousy little money-grubbing low-life fence...
What, is everybody in love with this, bozo?  I don't get this.  What about...?
If anything happens to John BUbber, Mister LaPlante I'm going to see you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
My fault!  My fault!  This nut case goes out on a ledge and it's my fault?
Here!  Here... ten, thirty, fifty bucks.  How much have you got, Chucky?  Give Mister LaPlante your money.
The cops!  What kinda bullshit is this?  Is this America or -- ?
If you're not in the car in ten seconds, I'll have the cops pick you up.
Me!
For God's sake, tell him I'm on my way.  Let's go, Chucky.  A police escort is gonna pick us up en route.  You too, LaPlante.
What's your scheme, Mister LaPlante? What are you forcing John Bubber to do?  What are you -- ?
How do ya think I got it, for Chrissake?  Hey, put that thing down.  This is my goddamn apartment, you can't just...
How did you acquire this, Mister LaPlante?
Turn that thing off.
Camera, Chucky.  Are you Bernard LaPlante, sir?  What is your relationship with John Bubber?
You!
Mmmmm.  Well, it's complicated. Maybe when you're older.  Anyhow, what I'm gonna tell you here is in strict confidence, okay?  It don't go no further.  What happened is, you remember that night I was gonna take you to the movies an' it was raining like a sonofabitch, ..?
Uh, no.
You remember where I said how I was gonna explain about life, buddy?  Well, the thing about life is...  it gets weird.  See people are always gonna be talking to you about "truth." Everybody always knows what the truth is, like it was toilet paper or something and they got a supply in the closet. But what you learn as you get older is, there ain't no truth. All there is is bullshit .  Layers of it. One layer of bullshit on top of another.  So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's <u>your</u> bullshit, so to speak.  You got that?
JOEY!
Yeah, my dad's great.  He took me to the zoo.
Yeah.  I'll see ya... dad.
Here we are.  Yeah, that's a possibility.  A movie.  Now you gwan in, tell your mother I got you back on time.  Point that out to her. She was always on my case for stuff like that.  She's still like that, right?
I could go to a movie Thursday night.  'Cause we don't have school on Friday.
Listen, buddy, I'm really enjoying this relationship we got going here. I been missing out on not knowing you better.  Thing is, I got all this business stuff...
Thanks.  Thanks, pal.
Here.  Get off here.
I'm working on that.  It's just I got some business problems and... whatsa matter?
Are you gonna take me somewhere next weekend?
Me in my uniform.  Used to be on the bookcase.
What picture?
You never saw that picture, huh?
Were you in it?  In the war?
It was this war.  Viet Nam.  Doesn't matter.
"The Nomm"?  What's that?
Oh yeah?  A hero, huh?  Was he in the 'Nam, this guy Elliot?
Sometimes.  His name's Elliot.  He saved a guy's life one time.  In a fire.
This guy, this "friend" your mother's seeing, he's a fireman, huh?  He ever... spend the night, whatsisname?
No, John, you're too hard on yourself.  I've got the creep here, the guy who's...
"A little mistake"!
You do?
John, I know all about it.
Gale!  This is for you.  I want you to know I never meant to hurt you. This will explain everything.
It's no big deal, it just <u>looks</u> better carrying me.  Oh, you mean because I wasn't carrying my purse at the time.
It's not right, Gale...
Bodybuilding!
I just remembered.  You were talking about bodybuilding and swearing.
Gale...
There, like that.  Kind of, uh, sexy.  You can support me anytime, John.
That's not what I mean...
You're doing fine.  You didn't actually lift me though.  It was more like you supported me.
Gale!  I can't go through with this! It's... it's all wrong!'
Now you help me up.  Boy, you seem...  taller.  It must be psychological...  now that I know you saved my life...
Read it.  It'll be fine.
A script!  I thought we just walked through everything...
You were... very... inspiring.
Goodnight, John.
Vietnam!
I know the truth, John.  I'm flying in some guys from your unit in Vietnam tomorrow.  Interviewing them live on network hookup!
Uh, right.  A... news story.
No, I don't have the right.  You're a <u>news</u> <u>story</u>!
I... no... I don't have the right... I...
You did save my life!  And it's <u>me</u>! I'd be taking advantage of <u>you</u>! I'm a reporter, John, an experienced professional...  I...
You... you think I saved your... life.  I can't take advantage....
I... I know that, John...
Gale... you're a very nice person. I wouldn't want to hurt you... in any way...
Years?  There are going to be lots of... opportunities.
It's been sometime since, uh, I received any, uh, of that kind of, uh... attention.  A couple of... years.
Uh, if you could, just, uh, support, uh, a small airfield...
John, I'm sure she could support just about anything.  I think I'll see you to your room. A sort of bodyguard.  Make sure no harm comes to you.
Uh, no.  But I, uh, wonder if you could up support... support a program to help the needy and...
You're a celebrity, John.  People are going to want to please you... or use you... or both.
Is she... serious?  A half a million dollars?  In my behalf?
...unworthy of the adoration.  We all do.
Yes.
Instant celebrity is overwhelming to anybody.  <u>You've</u> known John Bubber all your life, you're used to him, you know you're the same human being you were before all the excitement.  So you feel like a fraud...
Uh, actually... yes... I... should never have come forward and presented myself as --
All the adulation?  It makes you feel like a fake, doesn't it?
Well, I'm not entitled to a million dollars.  I... I... didn't expect... I didn't expect...
You were saying you don't want a million dollars.
Uh, er... I...
Because he was a <u>real</u> hero, Chucky. He was acting out of a deep instinctive decency, not out of some ego thing.  He didn't expect the media to lionize him.  He didn't expect a million dollar reward. He saved fifty-four people because something inside him, some fundamental love for his fellow man, made him rush into that plane when "good sense" told him otherwise. He was willing to settle for some credit cards he sold to LaPlante....  For how much, LaPlante?  A couple of bucks?  Did you give him enough for a decent meal?
He's gotta be a nut!  He saves all those people and swipes a <u>purse</u>?
And sold it to Mister LaPlante, the fence, who's now trying to blackmail poor John.
Swiped your purse!  While he was saving you?  You gotta be kidding!
LaPlante!
"For Excellence in the Pursuit of Truth."
This guy LaPlante won an award?
The...Silver...Mike...Award!
What is it?
This sofa is a lethal weapon.  The springs... are... the springs... what...?
What's the matter?
You're lucky, Chucky, you... OW!
Hey, listen, great that you're a career-fiend, I got a wife and family, I...
Maybe, maybe not.  I have a feeling this guy is important somehow.
We're gonna wait here?  The guy could be hours.
I told them how you were upset we didn't save the guy...
What're we talking about?  Reach out for what?
Yeah, I got it.  Sports training. You learn to follow the ball.  How about you do a wrap-up from up here?  I'll pan off that skyscraper over there, find you here, then reveal the drop.
Did you get it?  Jesus, did I say that?
He'll do it.  You really-should have talked to him first.
How'd it go?
WHAT?  THEY FOUND WHAT?
There could be problems with something like that Mister Wallace. What if...?
A "mystery guy!"  "Not a passenger." Who?
We're piecing together different accounts and...
Apparently the guy who pulled you out wasn't a passenger...
You said all the passengers were accounted for...
There's a lot of confusion around what went on last night, it's not clear...
Would the station put me up at a good hotel...?
That too.
The story behind the story, the ugly scandal behind the falling millionaire, the dirt, you mean.
She broke up with her boyfriend.  Listen, babe, we needja back. You gotta follow up on the jumper, find the human interest in the grim, unending tale of woe that pours from the wounded heart of the heartless metropolis.
You're sitting on your ticket.
You just can't bear the idea of good news.
Unprofessional.
It would make me feel like a human being instead of a cynical, hardbitten newswoman.  Besides it wouldn't be a bad story, would it, "Newswoman Saves Suicide?"
For ten more minutes they love him, Wally.  I'm sick of him and I'm always about ten minutes ahead of the public.
The Presidency.  The public loves him.
What?
It's not unthinkable.
No, Deak, not a great story.  We backed this guy, he's our boy!  We gave him a vote of confidence, we gave him a million dollars.
Helluva story!
Listen, Deak, what if Bubber <u>has</u> got something to hide?  What if he's the wrong guy, not really the hero...?
Gale shoulda aired that bit first, she's the one who found this clown LaPlante!  She let Channel Eight get a beat on us.
She can't quit.
She wants to quit?
Listen, Gale, I know you're emotionally involved.  Don't be emotionally involved, be professional.  No, Gale, you are not a hardbitten, cynical hard-ass, you just think you are.  You are a goddamn cream puff!  Try and be a hard-ass!
Quit?  She wants to quit?
Whaddaya mean what do I wanna know? I wanna know everything.  Who's this screwball LaPlante for Pete's sake, what the hell's he doing out there, auditioning for the priesthood? You're supposed to be on top of this, Gale, don't...  "Quit!"  You can't quit!  It's unprofessional!
We paid him a million dollars. You'd think he'd want to cooperate a little, help our ratings.
She's talking to him now.
He's not <u>supposed</u> to be an actor, that's the whole point.  He's a <u>real</u> <u>life</u> <u>hero</u>, all he has to do is <u>act</u> like a real life hero.  That's the <u>beauty</u> of the <u>concept</u>, the whole <u>freshness</u> of it.  Did she call him back?
Said he's not an actor.
Upset!  What's he upset about?
Drake Hotel, Penthouse Suite.  Never stop worrying.  I figure we'll do a sidebar on what it's like to go from sleeping in your car and collecting cans to sleeping in the poshest suite in town.  Also Gale's onto something, digging into his background.
Does this mean I can stop worrying? Where'd we put him?
Relax, Wally.  He had the shoe and the shoe checks out.
I thought they'd all go "It's him! It's him!" and hug the guy or something.
What about a reward for coming forward?
We're gonna feature Gale's cast more.  The trick is gonna be keeping the upper hand on this piece. As long as we have Gale and there's no mystery guy, we're the center of the story.  But if he shows up and somebody else gets him first or exclusive...
It's a wonderful piece.  Emotional. I love it.
Not bad.  But if you gotta wear a cast, you oughtta feature it more it's parta the story.  Network's taking everything we give 'em.  They wanta feed off our six o'clock whether we find the mystery guy or not.  We're very big nationally.
A Silver Mike!  You're covering us in glory!
She's flying to New York.  She's been nominated for a Silver Mike...
Ticket!  What's going on?
You wouldn't push the guy, would you?
Saving people is not our job.  It's as wrong to step in and save someone as it would be to push someone off.
If you reach out, you could get pulled over yourself.
He's right.  It's unprofessional.
Dad!
Oh my God!  Bernie!
It's when you say, "Everybody else cheats why shouldn't I?"  But I don't -- I don't <u>hate</u> -- him. I... loved him once, Joey.  Very much.  I just got... tired.  Maybe it wasn't all his fault.  He... What's happening?  Oh, my God...
What's "cynical"?
If I gave you the impression I hated him I didn't mean to.  I... I hate the way he <u>behaves</u>... he's selfish and self-centered and cynical...
Wh-why's he... why's he up there, mom?
My God!  It... it <u>is</u> him!
I... I saw him out the window.
You were in bed.  Weren't you?
My father didn't have his shoes on when he... when he came here.
The "unknown hero."  They found his shoe right beside the plane crash.
Who lost a shoe?  Wash your hands.
He lost a shoe!
An hour after...!  Deak, for Heaven's sake!  Let's give her a night in New York City.  We'll put her and her boyfriend up at a good hotel...
I haven't won it yet.  I notice you've got me scheduled on a flight back an hour after the ceremony.
I said I wished it had at least occurred to me to consider saving him.
You didn't?
I didn't say I thought we should have saved him..
Hello, Mister Wallace.
Never reach out!
Hi, Chief.  You like the suicide?
I wonder if you'd mind if we waited for him here, Mister Winston...
No dead body.  Too bad.  Not too often you guys get pictures of a body even before the cops get there. Exclusive!
Half the time he don't answer even if he's home.  Know why?  'Cause he don't want no bill collectors to find him.  I don't mean to be judgmental, but he's a scumbag. He don't have no friends.  Who's gonna like a creep like LaPlante? I was doin' him a favor on the TV outta kindness, and he screwed me. You know what color skin you get on my set, Miss Gayley?  Purple! That's what color skin you got on the tee vee LaPlante sells me!
Shouldn't we have buzzed him to let him know --
We couldn't find his name on the buzzer or on the mailbox, but...
"This is Gale Gayley for Channel Four News!"  Incredible. Unbelievable!  For Bernie LaPlante! He's a celebrity now?  'Cause he stole <u>paint</u>?
We're from Channel Four, yes.  We'd like to find --
LaPlante!  That asshole!  I don't... Hey, is that you, from the tee vee? In person?
Reporters... have to... rise above their hormones.
Reporters don't have hormones?
Don't be ridiculous.  I'm a reporter.
You didn't... get it on with him?
He's pretty... remarkable.
Is he like that in real life?  So gorgeous?
Look at the guy!  He just saved fifty people.  Now he's going to disappear. Who is he?
There's no face really, nothing to work with.  Big dots, that's all you'll get.
Nobody stole my credit cards.  They burned up in the crash.  Which reminds me, did you get me cash? And what about the reservations?
Inspector Dayton, the cop from Robbery Detail who was looking for you.  They caught the guy who stole your credit cards trying to sell them and he wants...
Who?
Excuse me, Ms. Gayley.  That guy Inspector Dayton... he's recovered a bunch of your credit cards and he wants...
Call him back.  Ask him.  I'm a little...busy.
I didn't ask him.
What about?
Hey, Miss Gayley, there's a cop looking for you.  From Robbery Detail, Inspector Dayton.  He wants you to call him.
Friend, that animal will go after whoever's approaching the sound of that whistle.  And God help whoever it is.  Because that dog will not let up until there's dead meat on the ground.  Put your faith in that, pal.
So this really does the trick, eh?
They're great with kids.  They love 'em.  They eat 'em up.  I'm kidding.
How are they with kids?
Look at that.  You can't buy better protection than that.  That there is your Man's Best Friend.
Listen, you can kick 'em, hit 'em, pour water all over 'em -- <u>nothing</u>.  I'm telling you, under ordinary conditions they're <u>quiet</u>, they're nice to have around, they're completely harmless -- but when you blow this whistle...  ... then look out.
Safety?
You better believe it, buddy. Your average Rolls Royce doesn't have to pass as many tests.  You want consistency?  You want dependability?  You want safety?
You test each one thoroughly?
What toys do you have?
A lot of my stuff hasn't been unpacked yet.  Here's the TV.
Where are these toys of yours?
Let's watch some TV.
So where are all your toys?
Nah, that's some guy fixing the living room floor.
Was that your dad?
Whoa, check it out.
Give it here, Bernard.
They're really white.
Hey, c'mon.
I'm Bernard, by the way.  Those are cool Reeboks, Neil.  They're real new, aren't they?
Okay.
So, <u>Neil</u>.  How's it goin'?
Oh -- uh -- girlfriend.
Wife, girlfriend or mother?
Well, it's for a woman.
Any particular brand?
I'm looking for some perfume.
Are you being helped, sir?
Well, you'll just have to <u>make</u> her understand.
There's so much I want to say to her, it's all jumbled up in my mind, and I don't want her to misunderstand --
I can't help you if you don't help yourself.  It's really up to you. Brooding endlessly isn't going to help matters any.
I <u>know</u>.  I just feel that the relationship has reached that delicate stage where the slightest little thing could wreck the careful groundwork I've laid up till now.
Well, these are good signs -- she's broken up with him and the two of you seem to be developing quite a rapport.
Because life isn't about playing it safe.  Life is about taking risks.
Right.
You have to put yourself out there a bit more.
I should.
<u>Ask</u> her how she feels.
Yeah, maybe you're right. Everything else is just an excuse. I'm treating the situation with kid gloves because I'm afraid of losing her.
It's not going to happen unless you make it happen, my friend. You're going to have to assert yourself a little bit more.  <u>Show</u> your affection.
Oh no -- I mean, she's genuinely made me more fulfilled in many ways -- and I hope eventually to be able to teach her a few things, too.  What I mean is, I guess I'm still waiting for just that right -- synthesis between us -- where everything will be understood between us without even the need for words.
Well, now, don't go creating some artificial environment for yourself.
I've cultivated her interests so that now we have even more in common than ever.
Who doesn't?
Things are beginning to come to a head.  I can feel it.  And I want everything to be perfect.
A sense of proportion.
-- a sense of proportion.
That would be monumentally stupid. All I'm saying is --
That would be stupid.
On the contrary -- this is tremendous.  I mean, we're all frightened to death of disapproval and we're constantly hiding behind these layers we manufacture for ourselves -- and I'm not saying we should, you know, <u>declare</u> ourselves unhesitatingly to our fellow human beings in the interests of total openness and honesty --
No, no, no, no.
And please, don't for God's sake misinterpret that as being the voice of discouragement in any way --
I understand that.
The whole disapproval thing.  If you allow yourself to get into a situation where someone else's potential disapproval becomes the focal point of your life -- then you're back to a life of fear, aren't you?  -- You're a prisoner to that again, and that isn't much of a life.
Well, we talked about the whole disapproval thing.
As long as you keep remembering why.
I am.  I'm really feeling pretty good.  I have a much stronger sense of how far I've come.
That's terrific.  Don't be afraid to be demonstrative.  You're sounding a lot more confident than when we last spoke.
Oh, fine.  She's gone away for a little while and when she comes back I've sort of resolved to really tell her how much I care for her.
And how are things with your lady friend, if I may call her that?
You're responsible for your own actions and you don't mean to hurt anyone.  In other words, you've done <u>your</u> best.  I'm saying don't carry the burden of <u>other</u> people's actions on your shoulders, because they're beyond your control.
I guess so.  I mean, I know I'm responsible for my own actions. It was never because I was angry with anyone.  I didn't mean to hurt anyone ever.
When I was a child... I got used to the closets.  The boxes.  The cabinet under the kitchen sink... with that persistent drip.  I used to the smell of the boxes. Wood.  Cardboard.  I got so I was comfortable there in the dark. Even... even that old refrigerator in the yard.  That smelled like rust and decay.  It was safe in the boxes.  It was when they took me out --
Listen, no one ever said expressing yourself to the opposite sex is easy, but when the time comes, you have to do it and you <u>hope</u> the outcome will be good for both of you. You come out of solitary and you rejoin the human race, as difficult as that sometimes can be.
Yeah, things are moving along, but she's still involved with this other guy and it's a little tricky.
Oh, good -- well, I hope you'll have more to tell me next time.
Actually, I have met someone. There's a woman I think I like.
Right.  So, you have a new place, you've started working a bit -- I'm sure you'll be meeting some new people.
-- institution.
-- hospital.
Yeah, since I was a kid.  I had a woodwork class once when I was... in school that time.  Then I learned a lot more when I was in the --
I'm happy that you're working again.  As long as it comes naturally, that's terrific. You've always liked working with your hands, haven't you?
Well, I've been doing a little independent contracting, some carpentry here and there, y'know, do-it-yourself-type stuff.  I still find it very soothing.
And what about work?  Have you had any more thoughts about what you'd like to be doing now?
Right.
All right then.  That's important, isn't it?  -- For you to be in an "up" environment.  I'm saying you should literally take that as your <u>base</u>, do you know what I mean? It's something positive that you've accomplished -- even if you were forced by circumstance -- something for you to build upon.
Oh, it's nothing.  No problem. I was really lucky to find this place.
And the rent is okay?
It's great.  It's clean and airy and quiet -- there are trees and flowers.  There's still some fixing up I have to do, but it's coming along.
How's the new place?
Mr. Sykes, I think you should go home.
About us.
About what?
I think we should talk first.
Yeah, right -- I really have to go to bed.
It is tomorrow.
Listen, I'm sorry, but it's really late -- you don't have to come tomorrow to work on the floor.
Yeah, you know, that in life you really have to choose what you want to do.
Uh huh.
I was thinking about our conversation the other day -- what you said about choices.
Can I tell you tomorrow?  I think I...
What happened?
Yeah, I'm okay -- it's been a long night.
I was driving by -- I saw all the cars.  Are you all right?
Because you <u>were</u> pretty?
Not me, I fell for it right down the line.  Be a good girl and believe all the fairy tales.  He married me because I was pretty.
I was alone a lot as a child.  No one to compete with.  My parents ensured that I found happiness in the smallest things.  When you're all alone it's your own world, you don't have to take orders from anybody.  You don't necessarily believe the stories people tell you.
It's nice that you can make that choice.
Yeah, I've always been able to make my way in the world.  I don't like having to rely on other people.
You must value your independence.
Uh, no -- I've never really found the time to settle down.
Do you have a family?
It's a living.
I bet.  Going into people's homes.
An occupational hazard, I'm afraid.
I apologize for that scene with my husband.  You must have overheard.
Oh, that's fine.
-- General handyman, yeah.  I do carpentry, too, painting, almost any odd job around the house.  I do housesitting while the owners are away.  In fact, that's why I've been in the area.  I've been living very close by.  Here's the part that's giving you trouble, but I won't be able to get a replacement till the stores open tomorrow morning.
So, you're just kind of a roving --
Isn't that always the way?
Everything breaks at once.
Just show me the way.
Do you do washing machines, too?
Yeah, that was easy.
Oh, great.
Maybe I could take a look at it now.
Well, can I make an appointment?
Sure.
Oh, well, do you fix refrigerators?
It's okay, baby, the police are coming.
Mommy!
Well, what do you want me to do, Rita -- I can't just forget fifteen years of marriage.  Well, of course I know <u>you</u> can.  No, Rita, I -- what was that?  -- oh, I thought I heard something on the line.
"Hi. I'm Mr. Edgar!"  Look, Mommy, it doesn't even hurt him.
Holly -- that's not so.
Daddy's gone where Rudolf went and isn't coming back!
Yes, he did, and I don't like it any more than you do.
Did Daddy tease you?
Well, that's what happens with grownups, too.
Uh huh.
You know how sometimes Neil bugs you and you just get up and walk away from him?
Why are you mad at each other?
Your daddy and I are kind of mad at each other right now, so we have to spend some time apart.
Uh huh.
A man?  Was it a dream?
A man scared me.
It's the middle of the night, sweetie.
Aw, okay.
I'm thirsty.
Baby, what is it?
Bye, Neil!
Hey.  Have a nice time -- it's a good school.
'Who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf, the Big Bad Wolf...'
'"... or I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house down!" And inside their new house, the three little pigs just laughed -- '
"Find a penny, pick it up, all day long you'll have good luck!"
I found a cent!
He'll never appreciate it more.
Rita, he's only twelve years old,
Don't drive yourself crazy.  It's probably nothing.
I've tried to get him to agree to one.  I just -- I don't know... I'm getting such weird vibes lately.
I'm sure that's all it is, honey. Maybe you both just need a vacation.
The same thing -- his business pressures, the whole move and everything.  He's frantic about nailing this new job, worried about screwing over his present boss.
And?
I've asked him what's wrong.
Have you just plain asked him?
No, I told you.  A whiff of perfume on his shirt.
So you don't have anything concrete?
Yeah.  There's still a lot I want to do.  It's not quite... the kids aren't really settled in yet. Even the dog has been terribly high-strung and whines a lot since we've been here.  Look, he hasn't even come in for his food today.
You've done a really great job with the house.  It's great!
That's okay, Mom.
Do you want me to come up and tuck you in?
No, thanks, Mom -- I'll go up to bed now.
Honey, do you want some hot chocolate?
Mom, I heard someone downstairs!
Honey --
Mom, <u>there's somebody in the</u> <u>house</u>!
Neil -- what --
He's staying with a friend.  Hurry up now, you'll be late for school.
Where'd he go?
I don't <u>know</u> how it started!
Neil, you could have burned the house down!
Thanks, Mom.
The pocket's a cinch -- I'll sew it up for you after dinner, okay?
Whew.
I think we got it just in time before the ink dried.
Thank God.
I can't help it if my homework is torn to shreds three times a week by someone <u>much</u> bigger than me</u>.
He doesn't have a temperature.
RUDOLF!
No, honey, I haven't seen him. Didn't you feed him this morning?
Has anyone seen Rudolf?  I don't think he came in last night.
But there's this <u>psycho</u>.  Really. Mom, there's a psycho I have to deal with <u>every day</u>.  I don't know why they let a psycho even go to school!
Here, take this out to the table.
I could take a cab on the way home.
Because you'd have to get up at five a.m., would you like that?
Why can't you just drive me to my old school every morning?
"We don't want to be late for our first day of school."
C'mon, kids, let's go.
We'll talk in the morning.
Should I come home when I'm finished there?
Yeah -- we know him.  He's been hanging around the house.
Oh God.
This is my house.
No, Philip, I don't want you coming back here.  And if you want to talk to me -- <u>call</u>.
What?
That's not a decision for you to make on your own.
I think it's time I came home now.
There's always an excuse, isn't there?
I was having a bad day -- I lost that job, I was dependent on other people, I was let down --
Look, I think we should work things out.
Philip, what are <u>you</u> doing here?
And what was that neighbor guy doing here?
I'm having the floor fixed,
Who was that?
I am so sick to death of hearing <u>your</u> opinion of my state of mind, what <u>you</u> think is for my own good. Without me you'd still be twirling a baton at U.C. Santa Barbara. <u>You're</u> the final straw on this back, baby!
You're even sadder and more burnt- out than I thought.
"Honey, I'm a zombie, I don't know whether I'm coming or going."
This is for the best, you know it is.  Why do my socks keep disappearing!
Boy, you really buckle under a little pressure, don't you?
Someone blew the whistle.  Someone hates me.
That's not the case.
I'm <u>fired</u>.  I'm unemployed.  Is that your idea of negotiating from a position of strength?  Clearly any potential employers have been warned to back off!
Honey, it's not the end of the world.  You'll call Lowenthal tomorrow and find out it was just a mix-up.  And if he's not interested anymore, then you'll find another company to go to maybe even your own.  You are free now, you are independent.
There might be some extras in the garage.
Honey -- I can't find those large- size Hefty trash bags!
<u>Everything</u> -- that I've been talking to other people behind his back -- that's what he called me -- a back-stabber and a deceiver. To him and to the company. He called me a traitor in front of everybody and told me if I wanted to be a VP over at Lowenthal I might as well pack up and go -- only <u>Lowenthal never</u> <u>showed up for our lunch</u>!  It's like everybody got an anonymous poison-pen letter or some --  Do you smell smoke?
Oh, honey.
I get to the restaurant and he's not there. I waited for forty- five minutes.  When I called his office, his secretary said they thought I had cancelled.  I had cancelled!  Then I get back to my office and <u>Aranson</u> is waiting for me and he knows <u>everything</u>.
What?
He wasn't there.
Honey?  How did it go?  You didn't call me.
C'mon.
I think you should feel like dancing at a time like this.
What -- what are you doing?
Oh baby.
His secretary just confirmed.
Philip!  The senior partner?
He wants to see me!
Did she water this plant?  It looks a little bent out of shape.
The floor has a nice shine to it.  Oh God -- we have twenty-two messages on the machine.
Yeah -- she did a good job.  This glass looks brand-new.
Did the cleaning woman come?
Did you lock the garage door?
I don't know -- put 'em in the drawer with all the Chinese take- away menus.
Where should I hide the car keys?
The cab's waiting!
Honey, I'm sorry, I think the vacation will be a good break for both of us.  You'll see.
I thought we'd be happy here.
Fuck you, Philip.
Who told you that -- someone on the radio?
There <u>are</u> people who do things because they <u>want</u> to get caught.
Honey, I can't track of all the meals Charlie and I have been having.  This is a delicate time. If it leaks out that I'm jumping ship before I'm set up someplace else I could be out on my ear before I'm ready with nothing. With <u>nothing</u>.
Do you usually pay for Charlie? At "Trattoria <u>Valentino</u>"?
Barbara <u>Zelman</u>?  I don't believe this!
I don't care, Philip.  You want to go chasing Barbara Zelman, go ahead.  Just watch out for those buck teeth.
Sweetheart, this is a very risky time for me right now.  Maybe you don't appreciate that.
Well, what about <u>these</u>?  Do you usually put your <u>carbons</u> in your pocket, too?!
Honey, you know what I've been like lately... I've been a total zombie.  I have no idea what that was doing in my pocket.
I <u>remember</u> what day you wore that jacket.  It was <u>Monday</u>.  The day you were all day in <u>meetings</u> again?  And had to send out for <u>sandwiches</u>?
What next?!  -- A strange bra under my pillow!
No, I'm not kidding you, <u>Philip</u>.
Someone nice will find him if he gets lost.
Yeah, I guess it would be good for us to get away for a while.  Maybe Rudolf got the same idea.  Dogs need a change of scene, too, from time to time.
I know someone else who's sensitive.
I mean, he's a smart kid, he'll get by -- he takes after me. You're too sensitive.
He's made some friends, hasn't he?
Neil's still having a bad time at school.  I feel terrible seeing him so upset all the time.
One day before we know it it'll be an old house and we'll be old in it -- and I'll still be paying for it.
How long does it have to be a new house?
All new houses have noises.
I hear things in this house,
There's no card or anything.
No.
Do you remember who gave us this?
<u>No</u>.  If I hear anything you'll be the first to know, all right?
Well, did he hear anything about your prospects for the new job?
Oh -- great.
How was your lunch with Charlie?
Huh?
How was lunch?
It's just a dumb game they play. You want to be at a bigger firm, get used to the politics.
I know.  It's just having to pass muster with these juniors before the senior partner even agrees to see me.
Honey, the meeting today is going to be fine.  Don't get in an uproar.
-- And keep my kids away from his property -- who the hell does he think he is?  Some nice neighborhood.
Honey, are you okay?
He made, you know, a remark.
What?
Did you hear what he said?
What?
Did you hear that?
Damn.
<u>Now</u>, Neil.  Stop teasing your sister.
Good -- that's what I was trying to project.
Paul Newman in "The Hustler."
How were we -- were we cool?
It's very nice, but it's still a little pricey for us.
We're going to think about it.
Honey, nobody buys a house overnight -- if someone else comes back at them, well, we might have to make a counter offer.  But we can't look too eager or we'll get screwed.
What if someone else buys it in the meantime?
It'll be even shorter if I get that new job.  Come on.
And it's a shorter commute.
It's a nice pool, isn't it?
You could have a pool to cool off in.
You want me to bargain at the high end of our range?  -- I'll have a stroke.  I've got to save all my sweat for my meeting in three weeks.
They don't expect to get what they're asking.  Let's make an offer.
You wanted furniture too, didn't you?
But it's what we want.
High end?  Honey, it's a whole new budget.
I know it's at the high end of our range --
Stop knowing me so well.
This -- is -- the -- one -- for -- us.
What's that?
You're thinking exactly what I thought when I first saw this house,
What?
I hear what you're saying, but I know what you're thinking.
We'd have to get one of those sliding covers for the pool.
Neil, don't leave the back doors open -- I don't want Holly near the pool.
Neil, calm down.
We must <u>always</u> count the husband. By my count there've been... four. But I still live in hope.
Two -- three if you count the husband.
How large is your brood?
Oh, space!  -- You said the right thing.
You'll see that there's really much more space than the average three bedroom.
Isn't it?
This is a terrific entrance hall, What a welcoming feeling.
Sometimes they prefer a quicker return on their investment.
Just reduced.
Oh, yes, well, you know, when developers remodel a house they often overestimate their costs at first.  It's not like it's been marked down or anything.
Because it caught my eye when it was in a higher price bracket in the listings.
Not very long.  There have been a couple of bids already.
It's been on the market a while, hasn't it?
Put it out, man!
Shit!
Grow up, Dreyer.
It's fun.
What for, dickweed?
Let's follow 'em.
Shut up.
God, your sister's really hot.
Get on the other side of that.
I thought I was supposed to stay in my room.
No man!  <u>Go to your room</u>.
No.
Do you see a man?
-- A man.
You knew a second ago.  <u>Who</u> started it?
Neil, goddamn it, you're not five years old!
A <u>man</u> started the fire.
Can we keep him?
Hiya, sport.  Where'd you come from, huh?
What d'you want me to do, Neil? I've told you we'll get another dog.  What does EVERYONE want me to do?  You want to move back? Huh?  Would you like that?  Should we all just pack up again and MOVE BACK?!
And I can't help having a cold.
Y'know what?  I'm ready to cancel our trip.  I really am. I've had it.
The thermometer's broken.
What did the thermometer say?
I have a cold.
If you want that baseball jacket for your birthday, Neil, learn to cough a little more realistically.
Oh really?  <u>You've</u> been going through a lot of personal crap. You, Princess Di and Madonna?
I've been going through a lot of personal crap, all right?
Why?  I just read your report card.  What's the point?  Stay home, watch some television, we'll get "Mad" magazine delivered.  What kind of report card do you call this?!
All right then, if I have to go to school then I'd better go.
Rudolf?  C'mere, Rudolf!
Neil, do you mind?
I didn't.
All right, who ate the last piece of cheesecake?
No.
We'll get cable when the cable company is good and ready -- you think you can survive till then?
What about cable?
Okay!  We have TV!  We can all get stupid again!
Would you mind if Rudolf had a look too?
Dad, we can't decide unless Rudolf gets to look too!
Do you have enough money?
Are we gonna buy this house?
Really.
Really?
Uh huh.
Would you?
I'd like that.
Promise.
Promise?
Thank you -- how efficient of you.
That's right -- you got the bill this morning.  I put it on your desk.
Even cosier.
Even better.
It's a double.
Is it a king or a queen?
Right over here.
Oh yeah?  Where's the bed?
And this -- is the master bedroom.
You can believe what you want.  You saw the tape.
Am I supposed to believe that this guy got shot in the chest six times at point blank range and just got up and walked out?
Hey, I don't have answers for this. I just brought you down here because of the sword.
If he was knocked out in the can how could be walking across the lobby?
Parker.  We found him knocked out in the can.
Where's the guy we saw in the beginning -- what's his name...?
No joke, Lieutenant.
What the hell.  What is this?  A joke?
Yes.
You didn't see this.  Understand?
Well, technically it's not mid evil - - it's Renaissance.
Why are people walking around New York with swords, dressed in mid evil clothing?
They appear to be authentic.
What do you think?
Talk to me about what?
My name is Jennifer Hillman.  I'm an archaeologist.  I read in the paper about the murder yesterday and I thought I should come talk to you.
What?  Who are you?  What do you want?
Lieutenant?
Not now.  I'm busy.
Lieutenant Bedsoe?
So?
I asked the State Department to check with our Embassies and Interpol to see if there were any similar occurrences like the bank.  Two weeks ago in London Charles Redder from the Bronx was mugged in Hyde Park.
Why?
I think it was England.
He had to come from somewhere.
We sent the prints we lifted from the counter at the bank to the State computers, the FBI and interpol. Nothing.
Anything from the bank?
I don't need proof.  I know it.  Send it out.
We don't have any proof of that.
This ties in with Nash.
It's not a homicide, Lieutenant.
Tough.
Y'know, the guys in robbery are gonna get kind of upset.  We're stepping on their toes of this one.
Good -- also, give it to the papers and TV.
I'd like you to see this.
That's not all, Lieutenant.  Wait until you see the tape.  It's unbelievable.
The guy had a sword and was dressed like this guy.
Really?  I want to make sure that I understand what you're telling me, Greley.  A crime was committed in New York City?  That is news.
A tape from the surveillance camera at the First National Bank.  It was robbed this morning.
What is it?
Hey Lieutenant, the boys in robbery have something I think you should look at.
Yeah -- how'd you know that?
Did you find a sword?  An old sword?
I see your point, Bedsoe, but I have to look at this from the law's point of view.  There's something missing here.  It's something I'm sure you've come across many times in your career.  It's called evidence.  Get me a murder weapon with his fingerprints on it.  Find me an eye witness.  Dig up a motive.  Until then we don't have a case against him.
For Chrissake!  Gimme a break.  The guy disappears for seven years and as soon as he comes back it starts again.
It's circumstantial.
You don't understand.  About seven years ago we found the body of a guy named Vasilnic in Jersey.  A week later in the parking lot of Madison Square Garden we found Iman Fasil. Three days after that Luman Castageer was found in an alley.  The fourth body we've never been able to identify.  All four men died from decapitation.  Nash was our primary suspect -- but he disappeared.
Cut him loose.  The D.A. says you ain't got shit on this guy.
What?
Interrogation's over, Bedsoe.
I'm in the middle of an interrogation, Captain.
Hey -- somebody want to gimme a hand here?
Yes -- I think it is.
Most people are afraid of death.
Most people would show some sign of fear with a gun in their face.
Maybe he was a lousy shot.
Seven years ago I interviewed a guy. He said he saw two men fighting in an alley with swords.  One cut off the others head.  He shot the surviving guy twenty times and he got right back up and stabbed him.
It's late.
That doesn't mean you don't know what's going on.  You're connected to this guy somehow.  He's after you -- just like the others were.
I'm sorry about that -- but I had nothing to do with it.
No -- it isn't.  A cop died today and the other is barely holding on.  I want some answers, Nash.
Good evening, Lieutenant.
Get outta here.
Lieutenant, you're really frightening me.
No.  I'm telling you right now, the next person's head that comes off is gonna be yours.
Is that it?
I'm gonna nail you, Nash.  That's a promise.
He doesn't look familiar -- but then he'd probably be easier to identity with his head.
You sure?
No.
I brought you here to talk about him. Do you know him?
No.
You didn't bring me here to talk about her.
She was a good woman.
And Brenda?
Around.
Where have you been for the last seven years?
No.  I don't scare easy.
Doesn't it scare you walk through the park at night?
Central Park.
Tell me again.  Where'd you go?
I already told you.  I took a walk.
Where were you last night around nine?
That's what I figured.  Well, I have a little home coming present for you.
A few days ago.
When did you get back?
Congratulations.
Lieutenant.
Detective Bedsoe.
No -- after you.
You can go first.
You always get to go first.
That doesn't matter.
I stood up first.
No -- I will.
I'll go first.
It's done.
Well?
The only thing you can do.  You must end it.
No.  What am I to do?
That was two hundred and fifty years ago -- and the pain still scars your heart.  Would you live that pain again?
So, you do this for yourself?  What about her?  You cannot not have a relationship, Macleod.  You've told me of your wife, Heather, and how you loved her. Romeriz warned you then, but you would not listen.  You watched her grow old and die -- and there was nothing you could do.
I've learned that a man can only go so along living alone.
You've been seeing her for over a month now.  Have you learned nothing from the past?
You.
What worries you?
Yes.
Then she should be an excellent dancer.
She's the King's cousin.
To ask her to dance.
You may be living -- but this suit is killing me.
Living.  Remember?
What are we doing here?
Me?  Of course.
Not long.  We should arrive in the morning.  Are you going to be alright?
How long is the voyage?
France.
The sea and I don't agree with each other.  Where we off to?
You're looking a wee bit green, Thomas.
I do not know.  I pray that I shall never have to raise my sword against one that I call friend.
If it came down to it what would you do?
That is a thought that doesn't please me.
We cannot write our destiny, Macleod. In the end it could be you and me.
As friends -- always as friends.
I'm sure they will.
For being a friend when I needed one. I hope our paths cross again.
For what?
Thank you, Thomas.
Then it's worth the journey.
Maybe myself.
And what do you think you will find in another land?
England.  There is nothing for me here anymore.
Leaving what?
I'm leaving.
I see.  You don't care about life anymore.
That is what bothers me.
Do you not hear the wind in the trees?  The songs of the birds.  The horses breath?  There is a whole world around you. Alive.  Living.  Feel it -- become part of it.  Live your life, Highlander.  It's going to be a long one.
Yes.
That's all?
The river.
What else?  What else do you hear right now?
I hear you.
Life.  You've stopped living it.  You look, but you do not see.  You listen but, you do not hear.
You?
Are you always this pleasant?  You know what you're problem is?
Can't you enjoy it quietly?
It is a beautiful day.  I am merely enjoying it.
Sing.
What?
Must you do that?
Perhaps -- but if I must face it, let it find me, for I shall search for it no more.
You cannot run from your destiny, Conner.
Aye -- yet one such as I who has wandered this world for nearly nine centuries can remember back to other days of change.  Days of Robin of the Hood and Arthur Pendragon.  They were real enough once, but they drifted into men's dreams and became legend - - as we shall do one day.
The days of magic are ending.  The world is changing.
There will be more to the prize than that.  Power will come with it -- and it must be used for good.
The prize?  So much blood so that in the end the one that remains will be mortal again.  So much pain so that the winner can grow old and have children.  The prize hardly seems worth the cost of it.
Indeed you did.  And now it is time for you to pass on to others what you learned from him.
I learned my fill from Romeriz.
Thomas Cavenaugh.  I am a teacher of sorts.  Like Romeriz I help those newly acquainted with our life.
Who are you?
We too are brothers, Macleod.  In fact, you have more family than you think.
No.  He was my brother.  He died at anothers hand.
You?
Aye.
I know that weapon.  It belonged to Juan Romeriz.  He's dead?
Caution shows wisdom.
Since we hardly know each other, I'm sure you'll understand if I hold one to it for awhile.
You'll have no need for that, Highlander.
How?
I would like to say goodbye.
Agreed.
It is.  Do not ask me how.  I do not know.  I must leave, for if I stayed others would surely hear of this and worse than they will come.
This cannot be.
I know that for six months you've worked hard and asked for little. That you're a good and honest man. What more need I know?
Your words are kind and they flatter me -- but I think of her as a sister. Besides, you hardly know me.
She'll soon be of age.
She's a treasure she is.
I think my Sarah fancies you, Conner.
I think you just like to eat dirt.
What do you think?
Can you really tell from doing that?
It will be a good harvest this year.
I lied.
We had a bargain.  You promised.
How?
Your life.
And what would'st I gain from this bargain?
I've come to strike a bargain with you.  I wish to learn the power of changing.
Would'st you harm one who comes to aid you?
How comes it your are not afraid?
Because, it's for the best.  There are somethings that are better left unexplained.
Why are you doing this?
Where I'm going you cannot follow.
Then take me with you.
Aye.
Do you love me, Conner?
I cannot explain.
Why?
You'll no see me again.
Leaving?  For how long?
I'm leaving in the morning.
Why not?
I cannot stay.
Because it's the past -- and things that are in the past are best left there.
Why is it you never talk to me about Scotland -- your life there.
Sometimes.
The past?
Different places.
Where do you go when your mind drifts?
Aye?
Paul.  I thought we agreed.  No press.
No -- we're from Strange facts and mysteries.  It's a syndicated show out of..
You guys are from the British museum, right?
What are you hoping to find inside?
Huge.
Any idea how big the cavern is on the other side?
Electro magnetic soundings indicate we've only got a few inches of rock left before we reach the main chamber.
Sounds very -- normal.
Now I can start to live.  To feel. To grow old and live each day without the promise of another.
What now?
Conner?
Be careful, Conner.
Get out.
He's in there!
He will not stop until it is over.
Must you fight him?
It will end tonight.
Where will you go now?
He is immortal -- yes -- but he is not like me.  We are the last of our kind.  The last of the Calans.  I do not know what purpose we were put here for.  I only know that if he wins the world will suffer for it.
And the other one -- he is like you?
You wanted the truth -- now you have it.
You?
It came from your great, great, great grandmother, Isabelle Tourez, who lived in Paris and died on the guillotine in 1789 -- alone -- and unmarried.  The ring was given to her by someone who loved her -- but knew that it could never be.
How did you know that?
--the crest of a lion and a dragon and a single word:  Courage.
On the back it has--
I've seen it.
Would you like to see it?
Not unless they're immortal.
How could that be?  People don't live for three hundred years.
--for three hundred years.
That would mean they'd been trapped in there--
Yes -- if they were trying to get in -- but what if they weren't?  What if they were trying to get out?
If they pushed the rocks you would have found them on the other side of the cavern wall.
Why would someone pull on the rocks to get in the cavern?  They were wedged in tight.  They couldn't get a grip on them.  They would have had much more strength pushing on them.
So?
Let me ask you something else.  At the excavation site in Scotland, the tunnel leading into the cavern had collapsed.  The day we found the body someone had moved the rocks, making a hole in the collapsed section.  What bothers me is that we found the rocks from the hole on our side of the tunnel wall.
You don't really believe this do you?
Because I don't feel like sitting in a rubber room for forty-eight hours.
Why not?
No.
Have you told Lieutenant Bedsoe your theory?
Why don't you tell me.
--the Calan.  Do you know who they are?
Alright.  In the shop you mentioned something about--
Yes -- it is.
Is it?
A little -- yes.  My interest in coming here is profession.
That makes you uncomfortable?
I wanted to get to know you better.
How come you wanted to meet tonight?
Why?  Because I don't give up all my secrets?
You're not an easy person to get to know.
I've lived all over the world.
I'm just trying to place you.
Why?
You have an interesting accent. Where are you from?
I know.
You didn't answer my question.
Sorry.
You're twenty minutes late.
Good evening.
I told you I'm interested in mythology.  We can talk about it more.
Why?
Meet me Tratino's at nine.
Yes.
You look like you have.
No.
Have you ever heard of the Calan?
I'm interested in mythology.
It probably wouldn't interest you. It's something I read in a mythology book.
About what?
You talk to me -- but you don't answer my questions.  I guess I'll have to talk to Lieutenant Bedsoe.
New York is dangerous place.
Do you always walk around with a sword?
Then how did he know your name?
I don't know.
Who was that man last night?
I don't have any answers for you.
You remind me of someone I used to know.
Why do you stare at me like that?
Jennifer.
You are a very persistent woman, Miss Hillman.
I don't know anymore.
Then who's Russell Nash?
Because it's my name.
What's going on?  Why did he call you Macleod?
I'll be fine.
You're hurt.
It's mine.  It's been in my family for years.  It belonged to my great, great, great grandmother.
Where did you get it?
Why?  What's going on?
This is.  Go home.  Stay out of this.
If it's good advice.
Are you the type of person who takes advice, Miss Hillman?
Why do I feel that you know what's going on?
You got me.
Bullet proof vests don't bleed.
He was wearing a bullet proof vest.
I don't think so -- but then, maybe you've can guess how a guy with a sword could rob the First national Bank this afternoon -- and get shot six times in the chest by the guard and still get up and walk out?
A lucky guess.
Yes.  How did you know?
In the highlands?
Yes.  We found another man outside a site we were working at in Scotland.
Corpses?
I don't think we have anything to talk about, Miss Hillman.
To talk to you.
What do you want?
No.  I'm an archaeologist.
Are you a cop?
I was wondering if I could talk to you?
I remember you.
My name is Jennifer Hillman.  I was at the police station earlier today--
We'll see.
I'm having some people over tonight for dinner -- I'd like you come.
I like my work.
Do you?  Then why don't you go out? Meet someone.  Make a life for yourself instead of hiding away in the past?
I know, Paul.
Jennifer, there is more to life than work.
I was working on the cataloging.
You stayed here again last night?
And this?
It has to be.
I don't think it is a duplication.
Incredible.  The cloth -- the buttons -- it looks to be mid sixteen hundreds.  It's a remarkable duplication.
His head.  Someone cut it off.
What's that next to him?
We found him this morning.
I don't know.
How could they get by him?
He's fine.  He swears he never left his post for a moment.  He heard a noise and when he went back to look they were already inside.
What?  How?
Someone broke into the cavern last night.
Why?
We're holding the workers down below.
Then we shouldn't break into the cavern until tomorrow morning.  This could be a very important find.  I want it documented.
They've had a little car trouble. I'm afraid they won't be here until after dark.
Where is the film crew from the British Museum?
Just a little.  Who knows what we're going to find in there.  It could be a huge excavation.  A little friendly PR never hurt.
Perhaps -- but it comes off none the less.
It does not come off as easily as the young ones.
Oh -- I almost forgot.  Your head.
I know.  I know-- you would not tell me.  Loyalty -- it really is a concept that eludes me.  Oh well -- I shall find him.  Time is on my side.
I do not know -- and even if I did...
Impressive -- is it not?  The problem is I can only keep the illusion for a few minutes.  I need more power to hold the form longer.  I need the Highlander.  Where is he?
It's not been long enough.  What witchcraft is this?
It flatters me you remember, old one. It's been what... two hundred years?
You cannot hide from me.  You will not stand between me and my destiny. After I have your head the power will let me hold any form as long as I want.  Do you know what that means? I can become the President -- I can become anyone I want.  The world will be mine.
It will not end tonight.
It was not by choice.  A small matter of a mountain falling down on us.  We were trapped inside.  When the time of the Gathering came the urge to go was so strong we tried to claw through rock with our bare hands.  What you thought was the end -- was not.  This is the end.  We are the last of our kind, Macleod.
Why did you wait?
Fine -- I've waited over three centuries.  I can wait a little longer.
The Kurgan was a pussy.
That's what the Kurgan said.
I am stronger than you, Highlander.
This cannot be.
Highlander -- I had hoped it would be you.
Me too.
I'm glad you've come home, Conner.
No -- I'm fine.  Thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
I don't know.
How can that be?
No.
It isn't over, is it, Conner?
I can take care of myself.
The police still have a lot of questions for Russell Nash.
I know.
You know it's not safe here for you.
And I you.  Go now.  Let me walk to heavens door alone.
I'll no forget you.
Aye -- I know, Las -- and I have never loved anyone more.
I love you, Conner.
Don't cry, wee one.  It's a better place I go to.
It's not for me to decide.
Don't leave us, Conner.
Aye -- that I would, lass.
Would you care for some water, Conner?
If you search your heart you know all the good you have done.  Your strength comes from your heart -- because in your heart you know what you are fighting for is good and just.  This room is filled with memories. If you search through them you can find the good -- the difference you have made.  And now, it is for you to make the greatest difference of all. Look in your heart, Conner -- and you will see the good that you have done.
Dear, sweet, Rachel.  Men's lifes are measured by the good they do.
And now it's time to come out of the shadows.
I haven't lived life -- I've hidden from it.  I've existed in the shadows.
Did they?  You are only a man, different than most -- but still a man.  You feel the same -- want the same.  You want to live.
My dreams died long ago.
Do not underestimate the power of your heart.  Your dreams live there.
You also have a power, Conner.  It is why you have survived.
I don't know.  He is the stronger one.  He has a power--
Why?
I could have ended it tonight, but I didn't.
There's nothing I can do.  I'll wait. One way or another soon it will all be over soon.
What will you do?
Fine.
I heard voices downstairs.  Is everything alright?
Why won't you ever let anyone help you?
Yes -- when their troubles can harm them.
Is it a mistake for someone to go to the ones who love them when they're in trouble?
I shouldn't have come back here.  It was a mistake.
What are you doing?
Yes.
You kept it?
Alright.  It's going to take a few minutes.  I have to call and verify the funds.
I can take care of myself.
This check is for sixteen thousand dollars.  That's a lot of cash to be carrying around.
No.  The money, please.
Would you like to deposit this in your account?
Good afternoon...  ... Shirley.
Good afternoon, Mr. Parker.
Get to work.
I will, Chief.  Absolutely.
Fuck guessing.  You keep your mouth shut.
I guess so.
Don't tell anyone what you're doing, not Louise, not the other guys, not the Sheriffs.  You understand me, Larry?
Wow.  Sure, right away, Chief.
Yes, sir.
Call the Palmdale City Attorney for a telephonic search warrant.  When you get the warrant, have Mikkelson and Dreyer search his house.
The mother is in Florida visiting her sister.  The father works at home, so he's probably inside.
That would be the girl who opened the door.  Are the others inside?
The house belongs to Walter and Pamela Smith.  They've got two kids, a girl about fifteen and a boy younger, Jennifer and Thomas.
Don't shout, Larry.  I'm three feet away.
I think he's dead!
Mike!  Mike, can you hear me?
Keep trying.
Chief...it's like none of this exists. I'm sorry.
You get anything on Smith?
It was stolen.
Dead end--it's a clone.  What about the Mustang?
The cell phone is registered to a jewelry store in Beverly Hills.  The phone company shows no unusual --
What'd you find out?
It's me, Chief.  Can you talk?
Talley.
I'll make the call.
I want a message sent:  No fuckups allowed.
I understand.
Sonny's a fuckup.  If he pulls this off, fine--life goes on.  But if the cops end up with those disks, we cut our losses.
The best.
Our people out there, they good people? People in the right place?
What do you want to do?
I hate that Mickey Mouse bastard.  I hated his father, and I hate Sonny, too. Always with the tan.
Yes, sir.  But what about the disks?  If the cops end up with the disks, we're gonna see a whole lot of heat.
And by doing so, he would've known we have spies in his organization.
You wanted to let Sonny handle it.  I would've moved in when we first found out.
Jesus Christ, it's a clusterfuck.
The house is in flames, Benza's accountant is with the cops, and they're stacking the bodies like cordwood.
It's happening right now.
Find out how we can hurt him.  By the end of the day, I want to own him.
Bullshit--a man will do anything to save his family.  Who's running the show up there?
He knows better than that.
Put our people on the scene.  Smith might talk just to cut a break for his kids.
<u>Fuck</u> them!  Now get your head in the game, Phil--we have to handle this.
You should warn them, Sonny.
I took the call from Glen personally. They're still in Smith's house.
Maybe Glen already picked up the disks.
Worst case, it's a bloodbath.  The detectives come out with Smith's computer, and we go directly to jail, do not pass Go.
No way.  I tell them, that Old Man is gonna handle this from back there.
If the Feds get those disks, the East Coast is gonna take a hit, too.  You should let them know.
What, he's cute?  That's his idea of humor?
I guess not, too.  How much information is in the house?
I guess not.
You think we should take that chance?
Maybe we're getting too dramatic.  It's three kids.  They'll give up, the cops will arrest them, and that's that.  Why would they search the house?
You can't imagine the fucking you're going to get.
<u>Shut up!  Shut up and get on the floor</u>!
But if you stay in this house, I can promise you this --
Bullshit!
You won't die if you let me help.
Mars, watch the cops!  Kevin!  Watch the back of the house!
I have contacts in Los Angeles.  Lawyers and judges who can help you.
<u>Get on the floor</u>!
You're not goin' anywhere!  Get on the fuckin' floor!
I'm going to my desk.
Stay down!  Stay <u>down</u>, goddamnit!
Am I talkin' raghead?!  I want your car! <u>Gimme the goddamned keys</u>!
The car.  All you want is the car?
Don't go Rambo and you'll tell'm about this on the back nine.  I'm gonna tie you up, then we're gonna take your car.
Who sent you?
She'll be dead if you don't put your ass in that chair!
Jen?  Are you all right?
I'm not going to die for this!
Then we might as well die rich.
That money's fucked up your brain. Talley's going to get tired of waiting for us to give up, and we'll all be fuckin' killed!
Fuck it's over.  That money's mine.
It's over.  We have to give up.
Kevin, you're so fuckin' stupid...
That's crazy.  He's not going to kill us.
The only way he can keep the cash is if nobody knows about it.  He's gotta cap all three of us before they even read our rights.  He's probably planning it right now.
What are you talking about?
If we don't escape, we gotta get the word out about the cash.  That's how we'll stay alive.
Celebrate what?  Going to prison?
For chrissake, <u>please</u>!  Help me celebrate!  I figured it out!
There is no way out.
We're fucked until we think of a way out; then we're rich.
We're fucked.
I've been carrying you our whole fuckin' lives.
We can't carry all this.  It's too heavy.
Like what?
Not if they're looking at something else.
That's crazy, Dennis.  The cops will see us.
These bushes follow the wall into the neighbor's yard.  All we need is some kind of diversion and we're home free.
That's why we tied him, dumbass.  Now come here and see this --
Someone should stay with Mr. Smith.  What if he wakes up?
Jesus, first Mars, now you.  You two need anti-depressants.
Everyone knows what we look like, Dennis. We won't be able to hide.
Are you totally stupid?  What does it look like?
Jesus.  What is this?
You're being stupid.  Check out the bathroom.  Maybe we can sneak out a window --
I was <u>there</u>, Dennis!  I <u>saw</u>!  It's like he <u>wanted</u> to shoot that cop.
Bullshit.  Why would Mars do that?
That cop didn't pull his gun.  Mars lied. He just started shooting!
It's about Mars --
We gotta find a way outta here is what we gotta do!
I have to tell you something --
We should give up.  All we're doing is making it worse.
Stop it!  They found the truck, Kev! They're already behind us!
We could've gone out the back!  You didn't have to shoot!
We're surrounded by houses, dumbass. Every house has a car in the garage. All we have to do is take one.
We're on foot.  We can't get away.
That's why we gotta keep going.  I'm not gonna go in for murder.
What if he's dead?  What if you killed him?
Shut up, goddamnit!  Just calm down!
That woman's gonna call the cops.
I didn't know he would have a gun!  It just went off!
There's fuckin' blood all over you!
Because if you don't take the chance, you're already dead.
We got jobs, man; we're working.  Why even take the chance?
Not if they don't catch us, Kevin.
Robbing this place is gonna put you back in prison.
Try to act cool, okay?  He's gonna think you're a dick.
Mars?!  Whattaya think, dude?  Out here on the edge, no one around, it's perfect, right?
C'mon, Dennis, this is stupid.  I thought we were gonna go to the movies.
Give up, Dennis.  Let these people go. At least you'll have your life.
It ain't been a good day, Chief.
There's a million dollars in there, maybe <u>two</u> million.  I'll give you half.
Give up.
Two hundred thousand cash, right in your pocket, no one needs to know.
You picked a bad house to hole up in, son.
Maybe that's what I'm doing.  Can I reach in my pocket, show you something?
I'd be trying to get the best deal that I could.
Would you be in a hurry to go to prison for the rest of your life?
You've been in there a long time. What're you waiting for?
Only if you try to grab me.  We could've shot you from the wall.
You got a sniper out there, gonna shoot me?
You've already helped yourself once, Dennis; be smart again.  If you save his life, it'll help when you get to court.
You'll cap my ass as soon as I step out the door!
If you won't let me come in, then put him outside.
Fuck that!  You bastards will jump me!
Let me come get him.
Okay.
Now I understand.  That helps.  I can make them understand that.
We can't forget it.  The Sheriffs think you won't let me talk to Smith because he's dead.  They think you murdered him.
We been through that.  Forget it.
I need you to let me talk to Mr. Smith.
You oughta try on the problem I got in here.
The one and only.  We got a little problem out here, Dennis.
That you, Talley?
I'm going to put on an officer named Will Maddox.  You talk to him for a while.
You're a funny guy, Talley.
I gotta piss real bad.
What?
Hey, Dennis?  Can I let you in on a personal secret?
The Mexican police would arrest you as soon as it landed.  There's only one way out and you're doing it right now--just keep talking to us.  I think we could make the transition now. Maddox, you good to go?
I'll give you these people.
That's not going to happen, Dennis.  They won't give you a helicopter.
I want a helicopter to take us to Mexico.
I'm here.
Talley?
We'll burn this fuckin' place down!  I got gasoline all over in here!
It's over now, Dennis!  Don't hurt anyone.
I got these people!  You try to come get me, I'll kill every fuckin' one of them!
We're not coming in there by force, okay? No one wants to hurt you.
Fuck that.  They're the only thing stopping you from blowing us away.
Dennis?  I want you to release those people.
How about the cop?
Mr. Kim didn't make it, Dennis.  He died.
You don't have to explain shit!  That Chinaman pulled a gun.  We wrestled for it.  That Chinaman shot himself.
All three subjects are confirmed inside. Call off the house-to-house.  Okay, Dennis, I want to explain your situation --
They're fine.
How about your two friends?  You don't have a man dying in there, do you?
Fuck you.  I'm running this shit.  You talk to me.
Let me speak to Mr. Smith.  I want to hear it from him.
We're cool.
We had an awful lot of shooting.  You need a doctor in there?
Yeah.  I'm Rooney.
The Bristo Police Department.  Look out the window.  You see the car?
You with the cops?
Take'm back upstairs, but don't tie'm like before.  That little fuck untied himself anyway.
<u>Look</u> at him!  I think he's dying!
Aw, Jesus, not more of this.
What about my father?
I'm getting a doctor!
Use more ice.
All you're doing is watching yourself on TV.  <u>Look</u> at him.
Hey, I've got a situation here, in case you haven't noticed.
My father needs a doctor.  <u>Please</u>.
Shut up and sit down.  You think someone's gonna make a house call?
He needs a doctor.
My father.
Who else is here?
Jesus, get upstairs and find out!  If he took those kids, we're fucked!
I don't know.
<u>Shit</u>!  That <u>fuck</u>!  Even when I want to turn myself in he screws it up!  Did he take the kids with him?
I overheard him with the girl.
You mean he <u>left</u>, as in went out the front door?
Fuckin' A.
I like it here, Dennis.  I'm never going to leave.
You got something to say?
Dennis.
Cops want to be rich like everyone else. All we have to do is share.  And if he wants someone to swing for the Chinaman, we'll give'm Mars.
They'll cut the power.
What the fuck is that?
We don't have time!
I got the gasoline --
The cops are comin'!
Find something, Kevin.  Don't just stand there.  And tie this bastard, too.  I don't want him waking up and goin' Rambo on us.
Find something:  Extension cords, rope, wire--we'll have to tie them tight.
That's right.  That's a good idea, Mars.
You can't run with suitcases.
We can take it with us.
We're trapped in a house.
Who gives a shit, Mars?  Check out the cash!  We're rich.
It's a safety room.  If anyone breaks into your house, you can hide.
Pretty sure I do.  Yeah, here we go --
You have his address?
Keeps to himself, more like.
Is Krupchek an aggressive guy?  Hot- tempered?  Anything like that?
Have Louise run the name 'Mars Krupchek' through DMV and NCIC.  Tell her to list the tattoo as an identifier.
That would be Mars Krupchek.  Jesus, he works for me, too.
Can you identify this man?
You fucked up, Glen.
Are you out of your mind?
I don't eat junk food.
Donuts here any good?
We have to own this guy, Marion.  We don't want him dead; we need to use him.
Okey-doke.
He has a wife and kid.  That's how we'll get to him.
It won't be a problem.
Talley lives here.  I don't know if the place has security or not.
Canyon Country.
What hospital?
<u>I don't know</u>.  Talley talked those punks into letting Smith out.  He's fucking us over, Glen.  That guy is fucking us over.
Goddamnit, tell me what you <u>know</u>.  Did the cops go in?  Did Smith have the disks?
I heard he's fucked up.  They're taking him to the hospital.
You worry about your end.  I got my side covered.
If things get wet, we're going to need someone who can handle that end.
What do you mean?
What if it goes south?
An hour, tops.  Might be sooner.
Give me an ETA.
L.A. County Sheriffs are inbound from a bank robbery in Pico Rivera.
You'd better be kidding.
I gave the other one to the Sheriffs and they're giving it to the <u>real</u> FBI.  This one's a fake.
If you shoot me, he'll kill your daughter.  Do you want to lose both of them?
I'll kill you!  You won't get the other disk!
First my girls.  I get my girls, you get the other disk.
All right.  Now the second one.
Close.
Where is it?
You get the other one when I have my girls.  Not <u>talk</u> to them; <u>have</u> them.
You said they would be here!
They're close.  Let me make a call.  You can see they're okay.
You said they would be here, goddamnit! Where are they?
Take it easy.  Just take it easy.  We're here to do business.
You got ten minutes.  If you're one minute late, we won't be here to find.
Yeah.
Fuck the mall.  You know that motel on the road west of town?
I think you got no choice.
Fuck that!  You think I'm crazy?!
My wife and my daughter and the money. I'll bring the disks to the mall by the freeway, you bring my family.  We'll trade.
What do you want?
I also have a couple of million in cash. Call Sonny Benza.  Ask if I can keep it.
I have your fucking family.  Don't forget that.
Mr. Jones is dead.  So are two of his men.  The other three are in jail.  I have the disks.  I have Walter Smith. And you know what, you motherfucker?  I have you.
How did you get this number?
That's okay.  I love you anyway.
I'm scared shitless.
I'm in no rush.  Maybe later we can talk.
I don't know how long I'll be stuck here.
You sure?
Why don't you guys grab some dinner at the Thai place?  I'll meet you there as soon as I can.
But they're not here yet.  Tell me about <u>you</u>.
The Sheriffs will take over when they get here.
Don't worry about it.  How are you doing?
I should've called.  This thing broke right after we spoke, then everything happened so fast --
We'll see you in a couple of hours.
Can we talk some more when you get here?
I still see that boy's eyes.
You're hiding, Jeffrey.  You're hiding from the job and you're hiding from me.
I need to work out some stuff.
I know.
He can't reach us in here.  We're safe.
Better than you getting killed!  Don't touch that gun!  Daddy says --
Shh, they'll hear you!
You leave that gun alone!
Go!  If you get out, maybe you can help the police!
I'm not gonna leave you!
You go, Thomas.  You get out, and I'll stay with Daddy.
We can't carry him.
No!  I'm not going to leave Daddy with them!
We can use the crawlspace to get downstairs.  Then we can run for it.
Mine, too.
That big asshole nailed my windows.
No one's coming.
Be quiet!  Listen!
Ow!  Shit!
Stop it.
Now we can do whatever we want.
Kevin's gone, your daddy's gone, everybody's gone.
You'd better get out of here!  Kevin's coming back!
I don't know what you're talking about.
Kevin left without you.
How about dog shit?
Make the pizza.  I want scrambled eggs and hot dogs on mine.
We're hungry.  You're going to cook.
What?
We can't make the microwave work.
What do you want?
What I want is to help my father.
Mommy won't know.  You can do anything you want right now.  Mommy won't know.
I don't drink beer.
Want one?
Yes.
Dennis and Mars are in the den.  I'll get your brother, then come back for you. We'll go down the stairs and out the front door, you understand?
How can we get out?
All three of us will go, but we have to move fast.  Mars and Dennis don't know I'm doing this.
I can't go without Thomas.
Do you want to go or not?  I'm offering you a way out of here.
What happened?
Keep your voice down.  I'm taking you and your brother out of here.
What do you want?
If my father dies they'll charge you with his murder.  Can't you make Dennis see that?
He's just knocked out.  I've been knocked out.
Kevin, my father needs a doctor.
Whatever.
Thanks for the shirt.
Either I'm going to tie you or Mars will tie you.  Which do you want?
I don't see why you can't just lock me in.  It's not like I can go anywhere.
You gotta pee?
Mars?  What are you doing?
Please get away from me.
Get in the car.  <u>Now</u>.
What's going on?
Keep your head down.
What are we going to do about Mike?
We have to cordon off the streets, then evacuate these houses.
Holster your guns!
He said something about a girl --
Are civilians inside?
Another minute.  Please --
That's enough.
I need to talk to him.  Alone.
Chief Talley is the one who got you out.
I'm Jeff Talley, the Bristo chief of police.  So far as we know, your children are okay.
He.  Can't.  Answer.
Just one question.  Please.
I'm not going to wake him.  I don't even know that I can.
What are you doing?!  Stop that!
Smith!  Wake up!
Ain't gonna happen.  We've got unequal pupilation.  He could have an intracranial hematoma or a fracture or both.
I'm the chief of police here.  I have to talk to him.
His cell number belongs to the Smiths.  I think it's real, Chief.  I think this boy is inside that house.
It's a crank, Louise.  C'mon, don't waste my time with that!
We have a boy on the line.  He says he's Thomas Smith and he's calling from the house.
Is something wrong with Jane?
Get everyone out here.  Then call the Sheriffs.  Tell them we have a possible hostage situation.
What's that, Chief?  Say again.
That's not enough.
York Estates.  Four-five-five Castle Way. Anders and Jorgenson are on the way.
Where are they?
Three white males shot Junior.  Mike followed them to York Estates --
What are you talking about, shot?  What happened?
Stand by.
Other people can hear us.  Just call. <u>Please</u>.
What's wrong with the radio?
Could you call me back on your phone? Right away.
Did you find Jane and Mandy?
They might be at the house.  Keep trying and let me know.  I'm going to be here a little while longer.
She didn't answer.
You have her cell number?
I couldn't find Jane.  She wasn't at the restaurant.
Go.
Chief, base.
Tell her I'm almost home.
I know the one.
Call Jane for me.  She's at the little Thai place.
Go, Chief.
Louise?
Get a phone number for the Smiths.
Go, Chief.
Louise?
We only have eight officers on duty, Chief.
Jesus Christ, Louise, we can't leave a crime scene like that.  Put a unit out there.
I pulled Mickey and Dreyer off the minimart.
Then we don't know if she's part of this or not.  Mickey, you up?
He didn't say.
Did he say if she was shooting at him?
Chief?  Mike said a young girl answered the door.
Junior Kim was DOA at the hospital.
One at a time!  Clear the air!  Louise?  Talk to me.  What do we have?
Goddamned small town bullshit.
Let it go, Captain.
-- then when you get him, you damn near assault the man in the ambulance!  <u>What</u> <u>is going on</u>?
Don't question me, Captain!  This is <u>my</u> crime scene!
I'm not stupid!  You can't get out of here fast enough, then you take back command; you agree to wait on Smith, then you risk everything in a stupid stunt to get him out --
I'm looking for you.  I need your tactical unit.
I want to know what in hell you're doing.
And now I'm taking it back.  We're getting Smith out of the house.
Excuse me?  <u>You</u> requested our help.  You turned over command --
You've been here all day, Chief.  Take a break.  See your family.  If I need you, I'll call.
You want me to stick around, I could --
Then I think we should wait.  Do you agree?
No.  He said that his father's unconscious; he didn't say he was dying.
Did the boy say that any of them are in immediate danger?
They have security cameras.  Rooney would see you coming.
If we have a man dying in there, we'll have to go in.
He says that his father's hurt.
That's why you get the big bucks, Captain.
Looks like you're bailing out at the right time.
If you go in, you can't use tear gas or flashbangs.  The whole place would go up.
Jesus.  He must've siphoned it from the cars.
He says he has gasoline set to burn the place.
Order your men to stand down.
Then get your men off the wall!  You breach that house, we're gonna have a bloodbath!  I <u>know</u> this guy, Captain -- I can talk to him.
Maddox!  You got that?
I've done it once or twice.  I blocked their phones to incoming calls, so you'll have to cut in a hard line to talk to him.
Sounds like you know the job.
Don't crowd the house.  The alpha's a kid named Rooney.  He's amped up and volatile.
Do it.
Laura Martin.  This is Will Maddox, the primary negotiator --
I'm Talley.  Who's in charge?
Yes, sir.
Mickey?  Call the state Homicide Bureau. Don't touch anything, just sit back and wait.
Go, Mickey.
Chief, it's Mikkelson.
It's mine.  Talley.
Contact the landlord.  I want to know employment, friends, family, anything we can find out about this guy.
The truck is registered to Dennis James Rooney, white male, twenty-two.  He has an Agua Dulce address.
Go, Mickey.
Chief, Mikkelson.
Run a DMV on the plate for the owner's name.
It's right in front of us.
Mike found a red pickup abandoned on Flanders.  You see it?
We're out two minutes, me and Dreyer.
Help me, goddamnit, we can get the disks later!
Where's the office?
The kids are in here!
