They've been in there all day.
Those kids are in there with a fucking psychopath!  He <u>kills</u> people!
Not until the man calls.
We've got to get those kids out of there!
What does he have on you?  I know why I'm doing this, but what does he have on you?
You and I are gonna straighten this out with the Sheriffs, and then we'll wait for the man to call.  When he gives the word, we move.
What are you people going to do?
Think of me that way and you won't fuck up.  I'll handle the Sheriffs.
Special Agent Jones.
I asked you my name.  You just saw my commission slip.  What's my fucking name?
What?
What's my name?
How do you people expect this to work? The Sheriffs have a Crisis Response Team here.
Don't worry about what we used to be.
You used to be a cop.  All of you used to be cops.  I can tell by the way you move.
In a few minutes the white phone is going to ring.  So let's get our shit straight before that happens.
Don't be funny, Chief.  You can't afford it.
Are all of you named Jones?
Okay, here's mine.  My name is Special Agent Jones.
No!  They're right here --
Are the disks still in your room?
Charles G. Benza.  They're coming!
Who is it?
Yeah!  Here's a name.  This is somebody's personal tax --
Try Al.  See if you can open Al.
I don't see any people names.  It's all businesses.
Look for names.  Does it say whose taxes they are?
I opened Marlon.  I think it's somebody's taxes.
Can you open them?
Yes, sir.
If I get Rooney into the back of the house, can you find the disks without being caught?
I can get into the den.  The office is right across the hall.
Can you get into the office?
I can get into the crawlspace from my closet and climb all over the house.
I thought they locked you in your room.
But I might be able to sneak into the office if they're not around.  Then I could open the disks here in my room.
Dennis won't let me go to the desk.  He makes me sit on the floor.
I think he was working on them today, so they're probably in his office.  Could you find them and see who they belong to?
He has lots of disks.
Your dad has two computer disks.  They have funny names:  Marlon and Al.
What do you want me to do?
I'm serious, Thomas; I don't want you to get hurt.
Okay.
I need your help with something.  But if you think those guys could catch you, then I don't want you to do it, okay?
I think so.
The doctors are taking care of him right now.  Thomas . . . are you safe?  Can you talk?
Is my daddy okay?
If I try to climb out they'll see me on the security cameras.  They would see you outside, too --
I've got the boy on the phone.  He's using a cell phone.  What was that, son?  I didn't hear you.
They nailed the windows.  I can't get'm open.
That's on the second floor.  Could you climb out your window if we were downstairs to catch you?
In my room.
Where are you right now?
We're okay.
How about you and your sister?
Dennis hit him.  His head's all big and he won't wake up.  I'm really scared.
Slow down, Thomas.  Take it easy and talk to me.  Was your father shot?
Thomas Smith.  I'm in the house that's on TV.  Dennis hit my dad and now he won't wake up.  You gotta help him.
This is Chief Talley.  Tell me your name, son.
How do I reach him?
That would be Glen Howell.  He was on his way for the disks.
A man has my family.  Gold watch here. Dark tan.
Then you have everything.  You can put them away.
Yes.
Did you find the disks?
He's going to kill you.  Don't you know that?  He can't take the chance that you'll talk.
I don't know what you're talking about.
They're still in the house.
Where are my children?
Smith will know.
These disks . . . where are they?
I have people in York Estates right under your nose.  If you do <u>anything</u> except what I'm telling you, you'll get Jane and Amanda back in the mail.  We clear on that?
You want . . . Marlon and Al.
When this phone rings, you answer.  It will be me.  I'll tell you what to do. When I have what I want, you get your family.
You will re-assume command.  In two hours, a group of my people will arrive at York Estates.  You will tell the Sheriffs that they are an FBI tactical team.
I can't control what happens.  The Sheriffs are running the scene.
We want them.  You will not let anyone go into that house--or anything come out-- until my people recover these disks.
Marlon and Al....
You can let go.
Can we let go?  You past your shock and all that, we can turn you loose and you won't do something stupid?
These guys are going to take hold of you. Don't freak out.  It's for your own good.
What do you want?
Don't just fuckin' sit there, dumbass. Do you understand?
Follow the Mustang.  We won't go far.
Who are you?
I'm the Chief.  I don't carry it.
Where's your gun?
You don't want another dead child on your conscience.
What do you mean by that?
We're almost home, you and me.  Keep your shit together.  This isn't L.A.
Your phony FBI assholes.
My people are good to go.  You know who I mean?
I guess we do.
I guess we each have something the other wants.
I'll go in that fuckin' house right now! I'll give those disks to the <u>real</u> FBI, you COCKSUCKINGMOTHERFUCKER!!  And I've got <u>Smith</u>!  <u>I've got Smith</u>!!
<u>You want a blowtorch on your daughter's</u> <u>pretty face</u>?!
Do you think I'm going to let you <u>murder</u> someone?!
You dumb fuckwad cop, you fucked up <u>bad</u>!
A delegation.
We, who is we?
Paul, we would like to speak to you in your office.
They're killing everyone. The Lady Minister! The UN soldiers. They're at the gate.
What happened?
I'm sorry, it's a private function.
Can you get me into the Ambassador's reception?
Yes, Benedict, what can I do?
Paul, Paul, a moment please.
I'll be back.
Paul...  ...I have to talk to you.
Of course.
Also, could you remember to use the service entrance at all times?
Leave it to me.
The Hutu-Tutsi thing. The BBC faxed to say they would be here on the sixth for the peace accords. And the U.N. wants the banquet room for that day, a reception to broadcast the signing ceremony. Can you organize monitors and check the satellite dish?
Excuse me?
That's what I came to talk to you about.
No, Bik, it's a code word for Tutsis.
Cockroaches?
Gregoire, there are no cockroaches in this hotel, do you understand?
Gregoire will deal with it, excuse me.
Paul!
You want to buy anymore cockroaches ask for Captain Naramunju.
Don't be foolish. There's more money to be made here.
I swear, Captain, one hundred thousand francs, enough for a house. I will get the money, you keep them outside.
You will run into the hotel and hide behind the U.N.
I don't have it here. At the Mille Collines. I can get it for you.
Give me it.
I'll give you a hundred thousand francs for all of them.
And four children?
Ten.
Six.
How many in your family?
Here, here, a thousand US dollars - fifty thousand francs for my family. To let us drive off to the Mille Collines.
I don't have that much.
Ten thousand francs for each one.
Name a price.
How much?
Why not? These are not rebels, look at them. Soon they will be worthless to you. Why not take some money, for your work?
You want to pay me?
There is nothing to it.
Please, I don't use guns.
Let me explain.
They are all Tutsi cockroaches.
Where is your family?
Captain, I must take my family. It is not safe here.
Of course.
Do you know how to open the safe there?  Our government needs to use the hotel and the room keys are in the safe. You must open it.
I used to work at the Diplomat.
No. I work at the Mille Collines.
You work at the Hotel Diplomat?
Yes, it is a calamity for us all.
You heard the Tutsi cockroaches murdered our president.
Let me see your identity card.
What is this about?
We are looking for you.
I am Paul Rusesabagina, a good friend of General Bizimungu.
Who are you?
We're awaiting a decision, excuse me.
What was the response?
Yes we have.
Have you requested re-enforcements?
Yes. With some re-inforcements I'm confident we could impose order.
If the UN changes your mandate could you stop the bloodshed?
Unfortunately we're here as peace-keepers not peace makers, we can't take an aggressive role.
We've heard reports of reprisal killings. Will the UN intervene to stop the bloodshed.?
No. But I fear it's intention may have been to kill the peace accords and spark a civil war between the Hutu Militia and the Tutsi rebels.
Do we know who fired the missile that killed the president?
I wish I could, Paul. Try to hold out.
Give me their uniforms. I will put people at the gate, in disguise.
No, Paul, they're afraid. They've demanded to be moved back to headquarters now.
I can't. I have nothing left to bribe with. Can your men at the gate hold out for another day?
Paul, I need you to buy me a day or two. I don't have the fuel for this convoy. I will have to scrounge it.
The rebels have fought their way into the city. They have many Hutu prisoners.
What is it?
I can't, I don't have the men.
Will you protect us.
That explains it. I'm sorry to tell you this but we've heard rumors the Militia are getting ready to storm the hotel.
I ran out of bribes. Bizimungu took them away.
Yes. Where are the Rwandan police?
They fired a rocket at us.
They're only taking the whites.
Their people?
You're fucking black! You're not even a nigger, you're African!  They're not staying to stop this thing. They're gonna fly right out of here with their people.
Don't bullshit me, Paul. You're the smartest man here. You have them all eating out of your hand. You'd own this fucking hotel, except for one thing.
I don't understand.
We think you are dirt, less than dirt, worthless.
Excuse me, Colonel.
Congratulations. You should spit in my face.
Congratulations, Colonel. You have saved us all.
Canadian Club?
Anything. Strong.
Where is she?
They murdered my soldiers. Ten Belgians who I sent to get the lady minister.
What's happening?
Hold the line here. Do not shoot! The Colonel stabilizes the situation, his men watch the militia drive by. Paul approaches Oliver
I'm sorry, I can't possibly take them Paul. I'm overrun with refugees. As soon as we can stabilize the situation we'll take them.
Yes sir, but these people  they cannot stay here. I've heard you have a refugee center at the airport Stadium?
Paul, I've sent my soldiers to rescue the Lady Prime Minister, she'll need a room.
Get him a room, but tell no one he is here.  Paul will look after you.
Yes, Colonel Monsieur Xavier, the Minister of Finance.
Paul, you know who this is?
I will do nothing unless you help me now.
You will tell them the truth.
You think they will believe you?
I led no massacres.
Who will tell them? You need me to tell how you helped the hotel. The others who have gone, they blame you for all their misfortune. They say you led the massacres.
I committed no war crimes.
If you do not help me, you will stay on that list.
You lie.
When the Europeans left, their soldiers gathered lists.
I am on a list! What list?
The Americans, and the UN they have you as a war criminal. You are on a list.
How so.
You are a marked man.
Listen, you need me.
We are better here.
You cannot go back to the hotel. The crazy men are going there now. Better to come with me.
I do not want to go to Gitarama, General.
I am going to do you a great favor.  I am going to take you with us to Gitarama.
Please, General, call and put your policemen back at the gate.
Pack those carefully, put them in my jeep, and guard them.
I hope we all get to do many things. Can we go now?
Wonderful country, wonderful golf. I wonder - will I ever go back? What do you think?
No, sir.
Ishca Baha - the water of life. I went on a tour once of the finest single malt distillery in the world. Have you ever been to Scotland?
No.
You know what the Scottish call it?
Today.
When?
We have decided to move the government to Gitarama.
What do you mean, General?
They can go where they want. They are in charge now.
Where are they going?
After the Diplomat! Paul clambers in the back.
Your police are at the gate?
Get in.
We must go to the Diplomat.
Bring back your policemen...
I'll be over.
The finest, and cognac, champagne. Come and I will get them for you.
Whiskey?
General, sir. I am glad to find you. I have found you some supplies.
No. We have no way of finding other stock but I have money for you from the guests.
You have cockroaches dancing on tables and you tell me the cellar is empty? Did they drink my whiskey?
I'm sorry, General. The cellar is empty.
Where are my supplies?
Please, I have money. They're driving into an ambush, it's on the radio.
You said you had no whiskey.
Please, General, I will give you money, whiskey.
I wish I were like you. Look at my staff, they won't work, they listen to no one.
I am strong, Paul, like a lion.
I admire you, General. How do you keep command of your men amidst such madness?
I will see what I can do.
The front gate would be best, General.
If I were to spare a few policemen, where would I station them?
“Well rewarded” Those were his words.
He did.
I understand General, but when I last talked to the president of Sabena he promised me that anyone who helped protect Belgian property would be rewarded.
The police are very busy.
I am worried about thieves and criminals coming into the hotel. Perhaps you could arrange for some police to guard us.
Indeed, general. Excuse me momentarily.
The Americans! Who are they to put us on trial. Let us imagine Paul when their president Kennedy was shot, they said it was a black man. Then their politicians, their radio stations gave orders ‘we must wipe out these black people before they wipe out us.’ What do you think would have happened? No different.
'Snatch them up and put on a war crimes trial. Lock them all away forever. No political risk, and big publicity.' That's what he said.  I thought I'd better tell you.
The high command? Our high command?
The American said intervention is too costly, better to get photographic evidence and snatch up the high command.
And what will they do with these satellites?
Yes, they can photograph the epaulets on your shoulder.
Satellites?
Satellites.
Watch everything? How? They are gone.
The American assured the colonel that they would watch everything.
What did they say?
A discussion between an American Embassy official and a UN Colonel.
What did you overhear?
Yes, General. I am glad you came by. I overheard something that I think you should know about.
The United Nations. Madmen are on the streets, Paul. But I will take care of you.  Your cellar is well-stocked, right?
The United Nations are still here.
As long as it is scotch.  Your white friends have abandoned you, Paul.
I'm sorry it is not Glenmorangie.
Oh, Paul, talk to the coat check, please.
It's a single malt, Glenmorangie. I thought you'd like it. Anything you need, gentlemen, let me know.
Paul, this scotch is exceptional.
Take the river road back. It is clear.
Let's go.
Why not? We are half way there already.
) You cannot kill them all.
Their money is no good to them. Soon all the Ineysi will be dead.
What do you mean George?
No whiskey, no spirits. Your rich cockroaches at the hotel, they will have to do without their scotch. Anyway, I have bled that cow enough Paul.
You have no whiskey?
Beer yes, but no whiskey.
I need rice, beans, beer, and your best whiskey.
Everything is double the price now, you do understand that?
At least.
A bargain buy, from China. Ten cents each, I'll get a dollar.
I am always glad to see you Paul.
Very good.
Business is good at the hotel?
Time is money, George. We need extra beer today.
Politics is power, Paul. And money.
I will try my best George but these days I have no time for rallies or politics.
You’re drunk.
Go! What the fuck sort of journalists are we, running from a war? I'm ashamed. Are you? Well, are ya'?
Let’s go, Jock.
Fuck you.
Here, have a sandwich.
Oh my God!
You fucking see that!
What is it?
Holy shit! Holy shit.
Great.  No kidding, When will they be here? Excellent. Yes, call then.
Satellite feed.
We cover the story from here until we can get proper protection.
Ground rules! Where the fuck do you think you are, Wimbledon?
We’re not going outside the hotel grounds unless we have an armored car. That's the ground rules.
For fuck's sake, Gloria There's a big news story out there! We need to get out and cover it.
Thank God.
Very soon.
When will they be here?
The news room has heard that the French and the Belgians are putting together an intervention force.
Of course.
Good. I'd like to book a massage.
The fifth room is your broadcast room.
Just give me a moment to get your keys.
Great, I really need a shower.
I saw the sign.
Are you sure this is the river road?
Just drive, Gregoire.
The fog is too heavy, sir.
For supplies, you drive.
Where are we going, sir?
Don't worry. I have a job this morning. I must go to visit my good friend George Rutagunda. You know George?
Please, except my humblest apologies...
Gregoire it is good to see you back to work.
Let me ask you Mr. Manager, do you notice a smell of cockroaches? If I were to leave this room, I'm sure I could find this smell. I know people who could cleanse it. But maybe it doesn't bother you? Why is that? Are used to this smell? Not me, I need a clean room to escape it.
I am in charge now. Get back to work or I'll fire you.
I don't have to listen to you anymore.
Get out of this room and get back to work.
Gregoire, what are you doing here?
Mr. Manager.
Give me the phone.
There are no more rooms.
Take it for Christ sake. I wish it was a fucking aeroplane.
This is a Rolex, I can't take it.
I know that, Paul. I'm sorry.
I would never do that.
Give her what she wants, room, food, anything. Charge it all. Don't you put her out, Paul.
This goes out live?
Perfect timing.
I'm afraid I can't do that, Mr. Daglish.
Can we phone them in, Paul?
I'm sorry, Mr. Daglish, this is the Mille Collines. No working girls here.
Did you bring any of those wee girls who used to sit at the bar in the Diplomat with you? You know?
Good for you.  We're having a little trouble, Paul. We booked five rooms, but...
Promoted. House Manager.
They moved you from the Diplomat?
I am delighted to see you, Mr. Daglish.
Paul, how the hell are ya'?
I will remember that name.  Let's go.
Rusesabagina. Paul Rusesabagina.
Don't lie to me. What's your name?
Call, sir?
Who did you call?
You don't have time. If I do not have the names, so that I can pick out the traitors, then I will kill everyone here in this car park. Get in there now.
That will take time.
Are you trying to make a fool of me? There are no Europeans left in that hotel. Get me the names of all the cockroaches in there.
The guest list. It hasn't been updated since the murder of the president.
Anderson, Arthurs, Boulier. What is this?
I...ah...need some time. Please give us twenty, thirty minutes. People are sleeping.
It's an order. Get everyone out now.
Why sir?
Everyone must leave the hotel now.
Yes, sir. What is wrong?
You are the manager?
They have him in the lobby, go quickly.
Show us the manager. He wears a suit.
One thousand francs.
How much?
No. But I make cards. Would you like me to make you two cards?
You have our cards.
What cards?
Our cards, please.
What?
Excuse me.
Show me your ID
He will be here.
The commander is not here.
We are to meet Mr. Rutagunda.
What do you want?
I will give you my house.
Everyone is dead there. The dogs eat the bodies in the street. I have to go.
How do you know?
No, it is impossible. That side of town has been destroyed in the fighting. The children are dead.
I need one last favor. Go back and get the twins.
It is dangerous to be here. The radio says this is a nest of cockroaches.
No blood. As I left a neighbor, an old woman, waved to me. I went to her house. She has the little girls. They are safe.
Was there blood?
I will see what I can do.
This would be an enormous favor to me. I am a man of means, Mr. Garandi. When this nonsense is over I will be most grateful.
No, no. This is a very dangerous part of town. I cannot do this.
I need you to go to this address and bring my brother-in-law and his family.
I need a great favor.
Terrible times, Paul. There are bodies everywhere. I cannot stay here.
We can't wait. We all go together or not at all.
They should go one truck at a time. When the first truck gets through to the airport, then the others will follow.
They will surely kill us here. It's over here. We have to take the chance.
This time the Militia will kill us.
Also, this is your bill for the last week.
Pack the bags, we have to move.
Yes they are. However if the army return they will expect important people such as yourself to be in these grand rooms.
The third floor are low class rooms.
I'm going to put you on the third floor.
Move? Where to?
I'm afraid you will have to move room.
Of course.
I will need a suite.
Anais, it is so good to see you.
Oh, my babies.
I have to go to the Diplomat.
What's wrong?
The Diplomat! Tatiana wakens, startled.
We have to. If I do not come, you must take them all by the hands and jump.
Please do not talk like this.
Our children cannot see us die first. If the Militia comes, you must hurry up to the roof. I will meet you there.
What sort of plan?
We have to have a plan.
We are almost out of everything.
We are almost out of water.
Paul! Then another voice.
I love you. Keep the children safe.
I will follow on the next plane. Go.
Let me go. Children get off.
I cannot leave these people. I will wait for the twins.
No! Sit down now.
I have to stay.
No.
Get on the truck, Tatiana.
Ask them to wait a little longer. For the twins.
We wait until 7:00. If he is not here with the twins he is not coming. We leave. That was your promise. Go help the children.
A little longer, Paul?
I'll try but we have to leave, with or without them. I want you to promise.
Please, please try one more time.
We have to get out of here Tatiana.
I will not leave without the twins.
A Volkswagen!
A Volkswagen.
I want to know.
What does it matter.
What sort of car?
A car.
Tell me what it was.
It was substantial.
What was the bribe?  What am I worth to you?
To be closer. So that I could marry you.
Why?
I bribed the Minister of Health to have you transferred to Kigali.
What?
I had you transferred to Kigali.
Yes.
Yes, when you worked as the nurse.
In Ruhengeri?
I have a confession. When we met...
A kiss.
I hear we must pay for everything. How much for this?
It's alright. This is the only place I can find some peace.
Please, Paul, why do we have to go to the roof?
I'm not going alone. I'll take Gregoire with me. He's a good Hutu, and he wants to impress me now.
You cannot go alone.
I have to, Tatiana, we are only as valuable as the service we provide.
No, no.
To Rutagunda's place. It is close by.
Go out! Where?
I have to go out to get food.
We're running out of beer and other supplies.
What's the matter?
Maybe Gregoire and the witch ate it.
So where is the lamb?
Lynch Bages, 84. Perfect with lamb, or fine rare beef.
Do as I say. I will be there soon.
What for Paul.
Go to the roof now.
Enough of this. We stay together. Let me rest, I will feel better then.
Your card says Hutu. Take our children, go and get the twins, pay money at the roadblocks. Get them out. Please.
What are you saying, Tatsi?
You could leave, Paul.
I don't know. Colonel Oliver says the UN has three hundred soldiers for the whole country. Black soldiers, Pakistanis.
But who is left?
Listen to me woman. I said all the whites are leaving. The French, the Italians, even the Belgian UN soldiers.
We have been abandoned.
What about us?
They are being evacuated.
No. They are not dead. Stop this.
My sister is dead, Paul. They would not leave the children.
Please go back, bring the children to us.
This is not bad news, Tatsi. Perhaps they fled or could not make it home. There is hope.
Give him time.
He needs to be in a safe place.  Have you heard from Mr. Garindi?
How can we help him.
No, Odette says he's in shock.
Has Roger spoken yet?
I'll try.
No answer. Please send someone to get them, please.
Any luck?
It will do just fine.
This won't do.
Zozo, get a key for two staff bedrooms. Put these people in them.
I will not have them on my conscience. They will stay in my room.
What!
What are you going to do? You cannot drive them out onto the road. They can stay with me.
Them. They almost got us all killed. I have done enough for them! We cannot look after them anymore.
Get in.
Paul, don't let them die.
Stay with the children.
What is it, Paul.
Where are you hurt, son?
Oh, my God!
Dawn. Then they go.
Please, Paul, 'til first light.
They know you are Tutsi!
Please. Let them stay 'til morning. The militia will not come here, they know you are a Hutu with influence.
Send them home. We are not the police. What do we have to protect them?
They came through the bushes, over the wall. What could I do?
Is every Tutsi in the neighborhood here?
I tried already. The phones do not work.
I sent them home. Go and call them.
Where are Thomas and Fedens?
Murdered! By whom?
The president has been murdered.
Jean Baptiste!
Paul! Paul's eyes adjust, he recognizes many of his neighbors, all crowded into this small room. Then he sees their friends Odette and her husband Jean Baptiste.
Connections? I have no connections, only favors. If I call to help Victor, a General will think "Paul Rusesabagina is a fool. He thinks my favors are so numerous and so insignificant as to waste them on everybody." Then my hard work is doubly squandered. I insult the General and I do not get to use my favor at all. Please leave these things to my good judgment.
They do not have your connections.
He was not family. Family is all that matters. Do you think if you or I were being dragged from here, any one of them would lift a finger to help us?
Victor was not a stranger, he was our neighbor.
No, I could not. What do you know about favors Tatiana, about barter and deals?
You could have asked for a favor.
I couldn't help.
Why didn't you call your contacts in the army?
We must do something.
No.
Please, be quiet.
Call your friends in the army. Call someone. Victor is harmless. This is a mistake.
What?
Do something.
Homework?
Simon, next door, the Charingas' boy.
Of course.
Let's have dinner first.
He wants your wisdom.
Thomas wants advice?
Yes, with Fedens and the children.
Your brother's here?
I asked Odette to take a look at little Anais. She has a rash.
Good evening, Odette, who is sick this time?
I can give you many political answers Paul but the truth is that Africa is not worth a single vote to all of them: French, British, Americans.
Why?
Paul, I pleaded with the president to go in and get you all. He told me it will not happen.
Thank you, sir, you saved our lives.
I managed to get the President of France on the phone.
There is one thing I need right away.
Very well. But if this thing gets worse, we must close. If there's anything you need, call anytime.
Yes, Paul, I remember. The Mille Collines is a very important property for Sabena. Our directors believe we should close down, shutter the place until this unrest is over?
Paul Rusesabagina, Mr. Godefroid. The house manager. I met you on your last visit.
Can I have your name again?
It's true, sir, the water has been turned off.
What is this about no water?
As the trucks go.
When?
I saw Gregoire make a call, sir?
Let us remember this night and tell the world that even in hell there are good people.
Thank you, sir.
You are my family now, Zozo, my brother. I will get you out of here.
Many beers.
How much beer?
Sir, Gregoire has been taking beers.
Where has all our beer gone?
The lieutenant wants the register.
What are you doing?
Open up the ballroom, we'll put them there. And Zozo tell the kitchen to make rice and beans - a lot of it.
What do we do with all these people?
Sir, no one wants to work. They say the boss has left.
Where's housekeeping? They won't pick up.
What! Paul storms off.
He has taken the presidential suite.
Where are the receptionists? Where's Gregoire?
How dead?
Twelve are dead.
Boss, some of those men are my neighbors, they know I'm Tutsi.
Sit up, smile, Zozo, don't attract attention to yourself.
Many times.
You have taken business class?
Maybe. But in business class there are fine wines, linens, Belgian chocolates.
That is why they call it coach?
It depends where you sit Zozo. In coach it is like the bus to Giterama.
What is it like to fly on a plane, sir?
You are with me, Zozo, don't worry.
Beg your pardon sir, you are Hutu. You are safe there.
What's wrong?
Rutaganda's place?
Paul, do everything you can to buy time. I will call you back.
The French. They supply the Rwandan army.
Paul, if you have one call in all the world to stop this, who would you call?
Yes, thank you Mr. President.
Paul, are you there?
Now we have eight hundred guests and one hundred staff. I have ten minutes left.
The staff and guests! How many?
The staff, the guests.
All. What do you mean all?
I do not know, sir. I think they will kill us all.
Out? Where are you going?
We have a big problem. The Hutu army have come and ordered us all of us out of the hotel.
Paul. Are you alright?
On the street.
Where?
There are soldiers.
Who is this Simon?
Please, papa, I have a secret path.
No, I don't want you going on the street.
Simon has a new pet. Can I go see it?
Why the hurry, Roger?
Thank you, Roger.
For food and clothes, and all that grows, etc, etc. Dear Lord, thank you.
Go downstairs, I will help you.
I don't know.
What is his room number?
I'm looking for Moses Seradungu's room.
Can I help you?
Moses, Moses Seradungu.
Okay: this may sound crazy, but --
And how the hell are we going to do that?
But they didn't see it happen, they still have doubts. What we need is another body, and Steven's bloody hands right next to it!
How much more do they need than your death at his hands?
-- but nobody has yet, Donald. They just haven't been brought to that breaking point. They have to believe proof-positive that their lives are in danger.
It's not, baby. Just a matter of minutes now, before somebody pulls the trigger --
-- the whole thing is falling apart!
-- bullshit --
-- there's plenty: for all we know, Steven's got her spying on us right now --
-- Price killed her, there's no other explanation --
So we don't even know if she's alive or dead --
Not yet.
-- there's already been way too many complications for a very simple plan. You ever find out what happened to Melissa Marr?
It's complicated. But don't worry --
So what stopped her?
-- or might turn out to be -- very big surprise -- that Jenzen girl. The little bitch has the right stuff. She nearly put a bullet in Price right after your "demise."
-- the James Dean wannabe with the hair trigger --
"But you didn't, Ma'am. We have all these witnesses that saw..." well, whoever it ends up being that finally shoots him --
-- "oh, no, Officer, I'm very much alive -- just a joke to beat my husband at his own clever game -- What? What do you mean he's dead? It's all my fault, I may as well have killed him myself!"
Still alive, but it's just a matter of time. And then will come your miraculous resurrection --
And what's Steven's status?
Convinced all those that needed convincing: you're an official dead lady.
You're the Doctor, sweetheart. 'Guess the atropine worked, then.
Easy. You've got to keep still for a bit, the last thing we need is a coronary.
No need for divorce and that messy division-of-assets thing when they kick before you do.
I'm confused.
Oh, he's got no problem with that: I'm his fourth.
Not too big on it myself -- but then again, not on marriage either.
We'd've been splitsville years ago, with me the richest single woman in recorded history -- but Steven doesn't "believe" in divorce.
If that's the fact, Price, okay, you've had your fun -- now open the goddamn --
Take a bow, Steven, you've outdone yourself tonight -- scared holy hell out of even me.
If you don't calm the hell down I'm gonna strap you in for electro-shock!
Oh dear.
Jesus H. Christ!
It was on my Dad's list of "things to do." But the House did him first.
Why in God's name wasn't this thing removed years ago??
Problem? No problem -- just want to get my money and get on home -- you know, things to see, people to do?
Pritchett, take it down a couple hundred decibels, what is your problem?
Mr. Price? Mrs. Price? Somebody? Hello??
I'm moved beyond words.
Part of the original structure. When it was still an asylum. Guy who ran the place -- Dr. Vannacutt -- found it "inspirational." From some German cathedral a million years ago: "Driving the Demons From the Mind."
Not at all!
More of Price's spook-house bullshit.
Name's Pritchett. Watson Pritchett. I own the house, my father built it. And now I just need to get you into it. So...
If you don't mind me asking... Who are you?
C'mon.
Don't think it'll be a problem.
-- the "Saturation Chamber." Where he wanted to put me.
Now what do we do? We've got to hold him somewhere 'til the police --
No. I'm going back to try and find Ms. Marr. If she's hurt, I'll tend to her. Dead, then I'm coming back for him.
More the merrier.
Yeah...something.
Something just must've...frightened her, that's all.
-- uh, excuse me, just one quick question? How long before this damn thing unseals itself?
Oh, for chrissake --
More to the point. Where's our host?
Looks like we're it.
I think one of you has been part and parcel of making this situation!
If there really is someone else in this house, I think the four of us can handle the situation.
Didn't catch his or her name, just followed them down here. Somebody all in white surgical gown.
Oh, really: who?
Running all the bells and whistles we set up to scare hell out of everybody --
-- what was he doing here?
Upstairs, too. Come with me, I'll show you another body, a friend of mine named Schecter --
-- she's not dead! Just have to get her heart pumping aqain!
I'm sorry --
I don't know!!
Where is it??
Can't imagine by who. I don't suppose the truth would interest you: that I've never had another wife but Evelyn.
Accidents. Fatal. Each of your prior wives, so we've been informed.
Excuse me?
Three times, to be exact.
Even if I were inclined, I've had better -- and a lot safer -- opportunities to kill off a wife.
Is she alright?
What?
Ms. Marr!
Melissa!
Well, until that's found, I think it's a good idea we all stick together.  Or wouldn't that fit into your plans, baby?
There must be some other way out.
-- I'm sure you did.
I got an engraved -- literally -- invitation -- with my name --
You're not my list.
Donald W. Blackburn, M.D.
Just for the record: what are the rest of your names?
A very, very scary game. But then look at the bright side: if there's only one of you still upright at dawn, you'll be leaving here with five million dollars in your pocket.
What are you playing here, Price?
You sure? You'll be alright by yourself?
I'll stay, if it'll ease your mind.
Shouldn't somebody like, stand guard or something -- just in case?
And I think that's case --
-- I did: down here.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, what the hell, I'll go.
-- fuck you!
Put it this way: if it's your face on that tape, Mr. Moses, we're one gunshot away from solving all our problems --
If this is someone's idea of a joke --
This thing's going nowhere.
As a tumor.
Nice touch, Pritchett: subtle.
Over here!
Pritchett!
Up here --
Pritchett, is that you?
Me? You've gotta be kidding.
If you know where it is, get there!
It's not going to let us out!
Hail Mary, full of grace -- the house is growing!
Okay -- I'll admit it: I'm totally, clinically insane. But I'm still the only one who actually got a check tonight. It's yours -- if you just get me the hell out of here now.
What?
Uhhhh...
Poor Mr. Price --
Oh. Jesus.
What's life, anyway? Waves...? Sound...? Light...? Electricity...? I don't know... Phone lines...?
How's a goddamn building gonna send out invitations?
Price didn't make the guest list... The house did. It wants vengeance.
Shit, Pritchett!!!
The...Fourth of July.
What's down there?
Yes.
-- of this place, goddamnit, Pritchett!
Left, goddamnit!
Hey! Where'd you guys go?
Did it work?
New wrinkle on an old theory for treating schizophrenia. 19th Century, I think: what would drive a sane man mad should make a madman sane. The Vannacutt version was: bombard the patient with aural and visual stimuli far more frightening than any hallucination they could ever produce, it'd traumatize 'em back to "normalcy."
Hell NO!! The House will kill ya!
So you're saying as long as that door stays locked, we're okay?
The Soul of the House. Everything that's corrupt about it... My father trapped it in there just before he died. You see, he purchased the house to restore it... We were going to live here... Nothing can live here. I was just a kid... The first time I saw it, I thought it was beautiful... It was just a dark mist turning into the corner of the room... then it started to move... then death started to happen... First the workers.. six in all... then my father...
What is it? What's in there?
Nothing.
What's in there?
-- but I imagine we'll all be mutilated beyond recognition by then.
-- well, let's hear it for small miracles --
A cleaning crew's supposed to arrive at 9:30 tomorrow morning -- I think the power of the house fades at dawn.
So, what? You're saying we're stuck here the rest of our lives?
I lied. The House is alive and we're all gonna die.
You said that was an accident.
You'll never know 'til you walk through that door!
You're totally full of shit, aren't you?
Nonsense! Just bad press. All the deaths that occurred inside -- my own father's included -- all perfectly normal fatal accidents.
'Less the place really is haunted.
I'm just the Greeter -- and in that capacity, I now urge you all strongly to --
I wanna know first: to what do I owe this honor? I mean, I never even heard of this guy.
Pritchett, you're not joining this necktie party?
-- closed.
-- yeah, we did that --
-- the stained glass --
Adrenaline -- in your bag, Blackburn, you must have --
Oh, Jesus....
Prove it how?
Prove it.
Married. Once. Same woman. All these years. She just slithered up the stairs.
Best of a nightmare.
Evelyn, could you just zip it for a moment? It looks like we're stuck here 'til morning -- let's make the best of it.
Take the gun.
I'll meet you down there.
Yeah. But, hey, anybody who's not "comfortable" with the rules, you're free to walk, anytime. Seven digits poorer, goes without saying.
This is nuts.
The second the sun hits tomorrow morning. Assuming you have stayed the entire night - and you're still alive, of course. Any other questions?
And we get this money when?
Right here, Mr. Pritchett. As well as five other bona fide, bank drafts for one million dollars each. Made out to cash.
Jesus!
What?
I don't do groups.
Better put it on hold 'til we find Pritchett.
Yeah. And under other abnormal circumstances, I think this would be the time to seriously jump your bones.
You okay?
What --
Run.
Where did it go?
All the plates sealing the windows and doors -- there's got to be some way of raising them manually. They didn't just appear out of thin air -- there's got to be pulleys, cables or something, that make them go up and down.
It's succeeding!
No. It's just trying to frighten us.
For chrissake give me a hand!
The opening's still too small, we'll never get through!
-- was that??
What --
We're safe?
Don't think it's even an issue.
He's dead...?
It's okay, everything's okay now.
He's gotta still be down here.
Price!!
It'll have to do.
This is the best we're gonna do.
What about that other guy?
That's crazy!
Or an on-line computer.
Everyone that was invited is related to one of the staff who was here when the place burned. There are five of us...
Wait a minute... What are you saying?
Holy shit! Now we know how the guest list was made up. Look, these names... Head Nurse, Ruth-Ann Stockard... Bjorn Jensen, Electro Therapy... Jasper Marr, Thomas Steven Price... They're all here!
Better living through electricity.
Cheery looking bunch.
Maybe there are notes or drawings of this place, showing how those plates work.
What are you looking for?
Let's try down here...
Good point.
Back where?
I think we should have taken a right back there.
-- listen to the man --
-- you lose either way, Price --
-- where the hell were you?
-- that's the fact, bud --
I was upstairs with Eddie --
You're starting to sound like Pritchett.
-- not a chance -- there's too much weirdness down there I don't think even bullets are gonna stop.
-- no. The basement -- the room with all the controls to this thing: big long iron levers just lying there --
No prob: I'll just hop down the hardware store --
It's a thousand years old -- we just need a crowbar or something to get leverage -- the sucker'll pop!
Sure, with three days and a blowtorch.
We can do it...
No -- keep pulling, it's moving!
You hear somebody?
And then where are we?
An answer, I hope: exactly what -- or who -- Melissa was taping.
What the hell good is fixing that gonna get us?
Hey, if everybody's gonna kill each other, could you do it in another room? I'm trying to get something accomplished here.
How you gonna manage that with a new blow-hole in your dome?
No...not air --
Well, she went somewhere! She didn't just up and disappear into thin air!
Not in the movie biz. So, c'mon, gimme the truth.
There's always exceptions.
Most of my business is making deliveries to high rollers. And I have yet to meet one Executive who could tie their own shoes -- let alone rewire an entire house. You don't fit the bill -- not even close.
Why not?
I don't think so...
I told you already: Jennifer Jenzen, Executive V.P. of --
Start with the name you were born with, and we'll work forward from there.
What? Deep down inside?
You need to get out more.
Most fun I've had all day.
Thanks.
This whole place can't be wired to just one circuit --
Why?
Three steps forward -- I want to get up there.
Don't push it.
I'm better than that.
And you're not really as large and useless as you seem.
I thought she was dead. For sure.
Is she...alright?
How'd you make your guest list, Price: throw darts at a phone book?
Then what the hell are we doing here?
Eddie Moses, Communications Attache -- which translated from ancient bullshit means: I work for a Messenger service.
Melissa Margaret Marr, Celebrity.
I hope not.
So, what? The thing with the glass? Price did that?
Cheer up: before the night's through, I'm sure one of us'll get hacked to pieces by somebody or something.
...birds. Just seagulls or something walking on the glass, goddammit.
The guy whose hair I do has his own TV show. All I've got is a blow-dryer and a dream.
You've got your own TV show?
I knew this whole place'd be pure gold! Pritchett, point me in the direction of the goddamn ghosts! If I can get something bizarre enough on tape, I think I can parlay it into getting me some kind'a Robert Stack "Unsolved Most- Wacked-Out Home Videos" gig. No more five afternoons a week of sex-change- Nazis-and-the-lesbos-that-love-'em.
So where's the party?
...Jesus H. Christ.
Steven??
Evelyn... Get up... NOW!
No. OhmyGod, Pritchett was right -- The house <u><b>IS</b></u> haunted.
No...
-- witnesses to what? You're already dead, Evelyn! Happy Birthday, baby --
-- wit...nesses --
-- just what you wanted everyone here to believe in the first place: I'm going to murder you, Evelyn, with the greatest of pleasure --
-- what...are...you...going...to --
-- anything, sweetheart, you need only speak --
Steven --
Funky little house, ain't it?  Friends, your hostess is now going to retire for what's left of the night. If you need me, I'll be in the bedroom upstairs -- but try and fight that need: the door'll be locked, I'll be trying to sleep, and if anyone so much as breathes in the keyhole, I'm gonna empty this thing into their fucking head. Thank you all for the bestest birthday a girl could have.
They weren't loaded when I put them in there!
Question answered.
Jesus!
-- thank you! All the cards finally on the goddamn table!
-- that wasn't my original plan, but it is starting to look more attractive --
-- oh, for chrissake, that's a given; we all know that knocking me off is the bottom line here --
If I had one, Evelyn, I think you know who'd be first and last --
-- and who's next on your list?
-- I pose you the same question --
I mean, did she stage it all for you and then go hide -- or did you just flat out kill the little bitch --
Asking the wrong person again.
Game, set and match, Steven. You've outdone yourself. And I know it's not good manners to ask the magician how he did it, but inquiring minds are desperate to know: just what did really happen to Ms. Marr?
Stalking the wild poltergeist.
Where is she?
Fine with me. Just somebody then better go and round up Melissa Marr.
A simple leak, if it's okay with you.
And where are we off to, Mr. Price? Check the wiring on the animatronic Mummies?
Only one way I can think of, Sweetheart.
So how's a girl to know if these things are loaded, baby?
Must be getting old, Stevie -- you're repeating yourself -- this is the exact same set-up you used for the Son-Of-Sam Hunt back in '94.  Girlie, open up that casket there and see what you find.
What are you talking about?
-- in the act.
-- the sadistic prick --
Oh, no-no-no -- much more bang for everyone's buck to nail the bitch --
Really? Well, let it rip.
Huh. And here I had a completely different theory.
Sure it wasn't. Hey, anybody else here make their living with thrills'n'chills for the kiddies? Don't raise your hands all at once.
-- asking the wrong guy -- wasn't me who closed it.
My guests were shredded. It's your sick little scene now, Steven: enjoy. I'm going to go run scalding water on the places you just touched me, and then I'm calling a cab.
Now, there's the simple country gal I married. Let's go back down and greet your guests -- show them the real you: corny as Kansas on the Fourth of July.
I know.
You're hurting me.
-- just not always in the sexual sense.
You know everything you do gets me hot.
Which part of that fantasy turns you on most: me with other men -- or just the other men?
You know how happy I'd be if that was really true, Evelyn? And how positively goddamn delirious if you weren't fucking every living thing in our area code at the same goddamn time!
All accidents until proven otherwise.
Finding ways for me to die at these things is really your deal, isn't it? The "O.J." knife with the not-quite- retractable blade? Your "Jim Jones Kool- Aid" that was exactly that?
It you really loved me, Steven, you'd find a way to drop dead in the next three seconds.
Sure know it wasn't me. And if you say it wasn't you -- then who the hell did, Evelyn?
What are you talking about? You think I invited them?
You tell me. I don't know how you managed to hack into my Mac, but: bravo.
Then who are they?
Well, not quite. See, those people down there: they aren't the ones I invited.
I guess it was stupid of me not to expect something this twisted from you. Well, congratu-fucking-lations, Steven: Round One, you win.
Shredded. Sorry. Decided to whip up one of my own: a group so hungry for money that they'd be willing to do anything. I thought you'd be more comfortable with your peers.
I gave you a goddamn guest list two pages long -- where the hell are they?
Oh, I think we're going to have several.
Could we have a word?
Haven't they already?
You shouldn't be -- you were nearly just killed, sweetheart.  And now that our birthday girl is finally here, let the games begin!
I'm not laughing, Steven.
I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's ever said those words to anything with genitalia.
Don't touch me!
Oh. You think this is a request. Well, think again. I'm telling you: "Haunted Hill" is exactly where we're having my party this year. You'll find the guest list on your desk by the time you get back --
-- forget it. Last birthday the Manson Family Ranch, the year before that: Jonestown.
Are you still fucking <b>here</b>??
...wow....WOW! Hey, Ms. Jenzen -- ?
And here's your goddamn severance!
What?
-- well, here's a better one: you're fired.
No, no, it's just --
You think this is fucking funny??
-- being utterly fucking useless, what else is new.
I was in the middle of --
You didn't think to ask?
Messenger just dropped it off. No return address.
Well, who's the damn thing <u>from</u>?
I don't know, Ms. Jenzen.
Maybe if I --
Please! Something! Oh-God!
Like what?? This isn't supposed to be happening!!
Do something!
I've designed and built six of these places -- take my word for it, everything's fine.
First time for everything.
I wouldn't be opening this place tomorrow if every single thing down to the beheaded Beanie Babies hadn't tested 100% safe.
Sources have told this reporter that the real reason your Park's opening has been delayed was a near-fatal accident on one of the rides here. Comment?
I think it's something better experienced then described.
And then what happens?
Ever seen one that starts at the top? 20 stories worth of top?
Absolutely. No cheap thrills. A genuine Journey To The Brink Of Madness.
Your roller coaster that is, quote: "unlike any that has ever come before it."
My wife. Where were we?
Business or pleasure, Mr. Price?
I am.
He was right! Pritchett was right!
Or somebody wanting me to believe that.
Vannacutt!!
Thank God -- I was afraid I'd be lynched without a quorum.
-- then I guess then it had to be you. Sorry.
I think, Pritchett, we've got a situation here that even you can't explain away as "ghosts." This is ice- cold homicide by person -- or persons --
House 2, Guests 0.
I remember...it was a long time ago...my father said: when the House was finally completed, make sure...we-christen-it- with-this-bottle-of-dirt-cheap-champagne- that-should-still-be-in a cupboard somewhere!
What?
I think...I may have the answer.
Not the plates: the House. Why is no one listening to me?? It's alive!  And once it's made up its mind, it won't let anything out.
Must be those plates -- interfering with the signal somehow.
Wouldn't know what to do with it all --
-- even if I give you a million as well?
-- my loss --
I think you're gonna miss the bash of a lifetime --
Sorry, Pritchett, here you go.
-- it's getting older by the second. Mr. Price, if I could just please have --
Alright, Mr. Pritchett, let me just sign the damn thing.
I'm ready now.
I can't remember at the moment.
She's been marked for it. The House does that. Happened to Pritchett's father. Likely happen to you all. Isn't that what you told me, Mr. Pritchett?
Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price.
Please! I need your help.
Don't think so. Stay the fuck back.
Then tell me, please -- help me...!
-- no more --
-- listen to me, goddamnit --
-- I'll take the chance, come morning and cops, I'll be proved right --
-- confirming everything we already know --
Don't test me, I'm real prepared to use this to stay alive --
Well, I can't, sweetheart.
I'll take my chances.
Then just wait -- maybe this whoever's got you next on the Asylum's equipment- test list. Maybe a literal mind-blow inside the "Saturation Chamber."
Well, I don't.
I was chasing after somebody I saw in the salon.
Fascinated.
Not just yet. Would any of you be interested in knowing exactly why I ended up here in the basement?
If you've got a gun on you, Price, I'd hand it over now.
I never saw you --
I was upstairs!
-- no -- that's when everything went ragtime -- whoever else is in this house has been doing everything since -- I thought it was Evelyn --
-- the window and door grates --
I think I'll do what I damn well please.
I...don't think...anybody should be touching the body.
Something with the power, I don't know!!
What is it??
I'll try not to remember to warn Evelyn.
Good way to get your head blown off.
Sorry.
-- I wouldn't worry, Ms. Jenzen: the unexplainable will probably explain herself before too long. In the meantime, let's all relax, have a drink, the evening's young --
This is all maybe getting a little too strange --
Very good. Well, I think I can say with complete honesty: I've never heard of any of you.
Jennifer-Jenzen-Executive-V.P.- Paragon-Pictures.
Oh, sorry. Detail I guess I forgot to mention. You die, you lose. Your check gets divvied-up by those still amongst the living.
What're you talking about?
You're forgetting my lovely wife; she's part of the same winner-take-all as the rest of you.
Yeah. Why's there five checks? There's only four of us.
Don't take your eyes off her for a second. I think she just declared War.
Pretty amazing feat: all that shit down the basement and your wife's up in the bedroom the whole time.
No. Somehow -- I don't know how -- she did it.
Maybe it was just its time to finally fall apart.
It works.
No idea. I didn't even know the damn thing still worked!
Then who did??
I was just sitting here -- it happened. I had nothing to do with it.
Rewind that.
-- it wasn't me.
I mean, not that it didn't give Evelyn the kind of coronary I had in mind, just...
The lockdown thing.
-- hey! Next time give me a couple seconds notice before you wing a gag like that!
So disengage his Flail Arm Mechanism and just make him a screamer.
"Dummy 6" keeps losing his arm.
Problem where? Looked good to me.
Evelyn, go stir your cauldron or something for a sec.
Houston, I think we may have a problem.
-- ten.
-- hey! --
How, he's supposed to be dead!
He must've unsealed the room!
Pritchett: what is going on?
Oh, dear.
Price!
He would have been back by now.
Excuse me?
Blackburn's dead.
You coming, or are you waiting for Blackburn?
I thought you understood.... It's the souls of Vannacutt's dead... The insanity... The horror... Victims burned alive... All that pain percolating somewhere in the house for seventy-some years...  ...singing this will be the day that I die... This will be the day that I....
Pritchett, what is this "core of darkness"?
This? This is nothing. You've only been dealing with the House itself. You have no idea what you're tinkering with. Sooner or later, the darkness that is at the core will get out... One of you will release it... Not meaning to, of course... then...  ...Bye, bye, Miss American Pie...
There is something very not normal going on here!
Accumulated evil... festering for decades...  But I'm a drunk... so don't listen to me.
And you think it's in there?
Not ghosts... at least not what you're thinking... Vannacutt used to dump the bodies of his failed experiments somewhere in the house...
Ghosts killed your father?
I said we shouldn't come down here. Very treacherous -- physical and metaphysical levels, both. There've been no refurbishments to this part of the house -- it's exactly as it was in 1931.
You should really open this place to the public, Pritchett -- a spa for people without enough stress in their lives.
Well, that leaves you with two options then, doesn't it: either show me where and maybe we get out of here -- or it's spend-the-night-sleep-tight.
You'll never find it, it's a maze down there.
No, you don't want to go down there. I am going down there. And I'm going to find <u><b>reverse</b></u> on this thing and floor it.
The basement -- but, believe me, you don't want to go down there.
Pritchett, this "lockdown" thing -- it's gotta have like a master control -- you know machinery, gears, whatever -- somewhere in this place?
Believe me, we need to.
Uh, excuse me? Don't think I'm not having the time of my life watching this train wreck that's your marriage -- but this isn't what I had in mind... I want to know that we can get out of here if we need to.
Why not?
Won't do any good.
Hasn't been a telephone in this House in over 60 years.
Well, then, how 'bout maybe we call someone?
Don't know that it does.
What's going on?
Oh, no.
I can't comment until I get paid.
Of course he did, for God's sake.  Didn't he, Mr. Pritchett?
He must've beaten us all here!
-- guess we know where Mr. Price is now.
Wish I could take the credit, but --
It better be -- he still owes me $25 grand for renting the place for the night! Here, let's get you some illumination so you can make your way safely!
But the million bucks each, that's for real?
-- something horrible...I don't understand --
-- I'm coming --
Something....happened --
Keep talking, I'll find you!
Sara...?
Melissa, it's Sara -- is that you?
For the love of God....please...?
Melissa...?
Please.....anyone....help me?
Over here.
-- Eddie!!
The style of dress on the girl... it coincides with the era Marion Foster killed herself.  Who else could have gone in there and done something like that?
We don't have proof of that.
It might have been her mother.
So many unanswered questions.  Why was she buried there.  And who killed her?
Colleen.
What was her name?
It doesn't say.  But that's not what interests me.  There's no death certificate for the daughter.  Anywhere.
I did a cross search, death certificates with this address. James and Marion Foster.  They had a daughter.  Right here, it says James died, 1882, pneumonia. Marion dies September the next year. Suicide.
Did you find something?
These records only go back to 1880. But...  ...wait a minute...
What's the matter?
Damn it.
You say you saw some activity here?
I feel something.  It's faint, but...it's there...
Good-bye.
Good-bye.
There's no need to be.
I'm sorry.
It will heal.
How's your arm?
A few years older, perhaps.
Are you all right?
No!
Did you find her?!
Why don't you pass me your plate?
It looks delicious...
Yes.  It was.
Well, I guess this whole thing was as strange for you as it was for us.
So was I.  The usual investigation turns up nothing more times than not.
I have to admit I was skeptical.  Until now.
There were a series of lectures about parapsychology at my university.  I went and heard him speak, and became fascinated with the idea of hunting ghosts.
How did you meet Dr. Shea?
No, I live about in Wexford.  It's about a five hour drive.
Thank you.  If you told me two years ago we'd be living here, I would never have believed it.  Do you live around here?
I have to admit you really have a beautiful home.
I'll be able to do a search, to find out who lived here previously.  And who died here.
What will they tell you?
Town records are coming up now.
Suppose not.
They don't build them like this anymore.
Pearl, is the twilight, the divinity... Onyx is the sickle, death...
What do these ingredients mean?
The knife destroys the evil and saves the soul of the possessed.
I don't understand.
By freeing them.
By killing them?
The dagger is used to free those possessed if stabbed directly into the heart, according to ancient beliefs -
It's origin is unknown.  The symbol does correspond  to a dagger I acquired many years ago.
Where does this amulet come from?
That poor little girl.
May you find the peace you've sought in vain for so long.
I'm ok mommy.
Oh my God, what happened to you? My baby -
What do you mean?  Mommy? You're scaring me!
Your father doesn't love us anymore!
Go to your room!  Now!
H-how long will it take?
We'll get it later.
What about all my other stuff?
We're going to go someplace new.
Where are we going to go, mommy?
Yes, we'll be leaving soon.
Are we leaving mommy?
I'm scared!
My angel!
Ok...
Aubrey, come on down and have some dinner!
She's down...how do you mean honey?
She's down...
She talks to me.
Can you talk to her?
Yes.
Honey, isn't your friend's name Colleen?
No it won't - no it won't!
It's going to hurt us!
Who...is Colleen?
Maybe it was Colleen...
Well then who did?!
I didn't do anything, mommy.
Don't play games with me, little girl.
We'll have every leprechaun in Ireland here honey.
Can I do it again tonight?
Well I bet you they're happy.
Mommy, the leprechauns drank the milk last night.
Sure.
Can we leave out a bowl of milk, mommy?
My God, I heard something!
Help me!  Please!!!
Take me to her.
She's down.  Help her...
She's hiding.
Where is she now?
She's here.
Where is she?
She says she's lonely...
Aubrey run! Aubrey stares in horror at Maura - just then the knife FADES AWAY as Maura rolls over, returned to normal -
Mommy!
Good night daddy.
Good night Angel...
Well, that all depends.
Are we going back to California daddy?
Daddy help!
Oh my God!  She's in there!
Daddy, please!!!
Don't be afraid!
Mommy please help me!
Fight it back Aubrey.  Fight it back as hard as you can!
I can't move!
It's dark!  I can't breathe!
We're here Aubrey!  Look, don't be afraid.  We want you to come back to us...
That's great, honey.
Look daddy!  It's empty!
Did you ever see a leprechaun?
That's father, Aubrey. SEAMUS Well yes I did.  Lived here my whole life.
Did you grow up in Ireland mister?
For good luck honey.
Why?
He's blessing the house.
What's he doing daddy?
Ok.  If you want this room, you can have it.
I want this one, daddy.
Sure.  Did you see the others?
Can I have this room daddy?
I'm all right...
You're bleeding.
I'm ok.
Are you all right?
What's happening!
Maura!
No...  NO!
We'll destroy you...destroy all of you!
Not going!  Are you out of your mind?!  Wait!
We're not going.
Maura, what is this!
What are you talking about?
Nothing's changed, has it. You still want to deceive me?
What?
Do you think I'm a fool?
Know what?
You don't think I know?
No.  You two are the most important things in my life.  I don't ever want to lose you.
Should I...
You know, I was thinking... All that stuff father Seamus said...about discord, distrust... we're doing all right, aren't we?  You don't have any doubts about me, do you?
Ok...
I'm fine.
You seem to appreciate the local scenery.
It doesn't matter to me.  What do you mean by that?
Aubrey!
Aubrey!
Aubrey?!  Aubrey?!
She's gone!
Oh my God where is she!
Good.  I'll start bringing things in.
I think everything's ready.
How are we doing?
You, an imaginary friend.  That's what she calls her.
A friend?
She has a...friend.  Colleen.
What are you talking about?
Are you ok?
Whoa there...
I'm sure this sounds crazy to you.
It just disappeared.  Literally.
I'm being realistic.  Look, I have a spiritual side.  I mean, we had a priest come in and bless the house.  That should count for something.
Voodoo stick?  It's nothing like that Will.  You're just being cynical.
Just because I have an open mind doesn't mean I'm going to pay some snake oil peddler to come in and shake a voodoo stick around the house.
What about keeping an open mind?
Oh come on!
I don't know.  Someone who...knows about this kind of stuff.
Who?
Well what power lines, Will?  Where?  Maybe we should call someone about it.
There's got to be an explanation. It could be a magnetic flux or something, maybe the power lines are giving off something.  Who knows?  I don't know, I think it's kind of interesting.
Maybe Eliza wasn't so crazy after all.
Well, I try to keep an open mind, but...
Well what do you think it is?
Yeah, I'd say some weird things have happened.
But do you agree with me?
I don't know what I'm saying.
So what are you saying?
Weird sounds, things moving, lights going off.  The videotape...
Well something just happened to the power upstairs... Maura heads off and shakes her head, troubled by the event -
It was in the cellar.  Weird.
What is it?
Didn't you just see the power go off and on?  I just had a bulb break on me!
No.
Were you fooling with the power?
The heater's here.
Ok.
...set up some more things.
Yeah, well I'll be joining you shortly.  I just want to...
She's asleep.  I think that's what I need, too. I'm starting to see things.
No.  Maybe it was Aubrey.
I don't know.  That's strange.
What the hell is that?
It's not going to work.  I'm too smart for you.
What?
Are you playing tricks on me?
I don't think she willed it to me out of sentiment.  She didn't even know who I was.  It's just... tradition.
God rest her soul.
Or what she was worth.
Not really.  She was just one of those names you hear growing up. You know, so-and-so who lives in Ireland.  I really don't think anyone knew about this place.
Did anyone in your family keep in touch with her?
I wish I knew more about her.
To our family.
To our family.
Whatever you say.
It's just going to take a while.
Look, I thought we were all right on this, Maura.  It's over.  You know that.
You didn't think much about that before.
Well maybe we don't need to remind her of it.  She has a lot more to adjust to...new friends, new schools...it would be good if she had a stable family environment.
Aubrey knows more about us than you think.
What will Aubrey think?
I just, I don't know...
Oh come on...
Will, maybe we should have separate bedrooms for a while.
What's the matter?
Must be...
Who knows...  we have to get used to living around here.  Maybe good help is hard to find.
Well the realtor said that was going to be taken care of and it wasn't.  I'll have to call her.
The place is pretty dusty.
I hope we have more success than we did with the cleaning service.
Yeah I'll look into that tonight.
Now remember we have to call someone about that replacing that water heater.
Ok ok...we're just gonna head inside here...
I could use a little help. We have to return the van soon.
White meat will be fine...
Is white meat all right for you, Mr. Shea?
You'll have to settle for turkey.
I'm hungry enough to eat a horse.
Yeah, they told us this was the best.
Maura.
Maura.
You've done your homework, Mrs. South.
Before.
I'm not sure, but I can check.  Did the events start before or after you discovered this?
If we have a troubled spirit here, we have to find out why it's troubled.
Ok, so we have a...presence.  What do we do about it?
She's at school.  We've tried not to upset her more than she's been.
Where is your daughter?  She might be able to give us some information.
What about the other five percent?
We usually find nothing.  We've debunked many a reported haunting. About ninety five percent of the cases had some technical explanation.
What do you mean, unfortunately?
We're usually successful in detecting the source of most problems.  Unfortunately.
I think we should do it.
I could see if I detect the presence of something.
We don't know.
Well that's what we're here for. I mean -
Not at all.  I'm just trying to put together all the evidence, to determine what it could possibly be.
Come back to us honey!
She's coming back.  Keep talking!
Come back to us honey, don't be afraid!
Concentrate!  She can hear you!
Aubrey?  It's mommy.
Go ahead.  I believe right now she may hear you.
So what should we do, father?
Now you must listen to me. This force is like a parasite, or a virus. It feeds on doubt, suspicion, discord... you must clear your mind as we reach out for her.
The blood of a woman is birth, life. It is part of the ceremony. Seamus offers up the pin - Maura waits a beat, then takes it -
Why?
I'm going to need some blood.  It must be from a woman.
What!
Your daughter's been taken.
I took pity on the poor woman. This house is too big for one person to live alone in...
Well it's nice that you were there for her.
In her later years she would often get very disoriented being alone here.  She would call me, and I would come by.
It was a shame.
She attended the church for years. A dear woman, it was sad to see her decline so rapidly.
Did you know her very well?
Thank you.  I believe she would have wanted it.
May I come in?
Oh, that's nice...
...at her request.  She was a very religious woman.
Yes, I am.
You must be a Londrigan.
We'll be there.
Well, you know where to reach me. The church is a stone's throw away if you want to come to mass.
Yes, they are.
Take care of the girl.  Take care of your family.  They are important.
I wish I had an answer.  Evil is powerful, more so every day it seems.  But I believe the worst for you and for this house is behind us.
What's going to happen?
I didn't do anything...God saved her...
I don't know what happened... and I don't know what you did...
Yes it is. Will and Seamus look at each other -
The rain is letting up.
It can't hurt you if you're not afraid Aubrey.  Think about us. We're here for you, we love you...
Keep talking!
It will not take long...
How long will it take!
I said nothing before, for fear you wouldn't believe me.  I've exorcised forces from this house. Eliza knew, she was there.  It wants another soul, the one we've taken away. We must weaken it!
What are you getting at!
We must return it, if you want your daughter back.
So what does that have to do with Aubrey!  Where is she!
I said nothing before, for fear you wouldn't believe me.  I've been here before to cast evil from this house.  The amulet is a guard against evil, blessed in countless rituals.   It is an ancient ceremony of the early Catholic church, a ceremony whose secrets are all but lost.
Did you remove anything in the cellar!
What...amulet?
The amulet...
This isn't happening...
Hopefully the whole sad chapter is over.  And everyone, including your family, will find peace. WILL I just want to...thank all of you, for everything you've done for us.
We'll never know for sure.
Good night.
Well there's no time like the present.  Good night.
Perhaps I'll see you in church.
Thank you.
I hope everything works out for you, and you find happiness in your new home.
Well thank you for the offer,  But I really have to go.
Did you have dinner, father?  We have plenty.
Well, I believe her mind was playing tricks on her, God rest her soul.  She would hear things, see things...
What was she afraid of?
How can I help you?
My name is Father Seamus.  I'm from Holy Rood church.
And you...are?
You must be the new tenants.
I don't know!  Trust what I'm saying, we have to open this wall!
Well what is it!
There's something through that wall!
What?
There's something in there.
Not at all, if it can help.
Do you mind if I borrow it?
Runic?
I see some faint lettering.  It appears to be the...Runic alphabet?
It was nailed to the cellar wall.
Where did you find this?
Not really.  Oh, wait a minute.
Do you have any other physical evidence, that we can look at?
Not someone.  Something. I've never felt a presence that strong before.
So is that what all this is? Someone have a problem with us living here?
Looks like we have some animal hairs in here.  Maybe some kind of a rodent.
Well, we could bring in special equipment, monitors, sound devices, things like that.
And what would you do?
Well it all depends on how much money you want to spend.  A standard visit would run you about fifty pounds.  That would include myself and an assistant.
Oh.
No.  But I'm a clairvoyant.  I can sometimes talk to unhappy spirits inhabiting a certain place.
No.  Not on station time.  My story.  My time.
Not on station time.
And I believe what you say.  But this is TV.  No pictures, no story.
I know what I saw.
Right.  Like last night's doozie.
Yeah?  Well, you just struck out.  It may be a surprise to you, Brad, but I want to do it the right way.  Not tight skirts.  Tight stories.
C'mon, Joey.  I'm just trying to help you hit a home run here.
Jesus Christ ...
What, you think I'm kidding?  I guarantee it.  An inch more flank.  Boys upstairs get hot.  Bingo, you're an anchor-woman.
I mean hardly any thigh.  I'm telling you, Joey; shorter skirt, more lift on the leg-cross ... and you're made.
What do you mean?
Doc?  ...  Doc ... Hello?
You wanted a story.  You got it.  Turn on the TV now.  And then get your ass down here ...  ...
Hello?
That is the story of my life.
OK.  Be careful.  And lighten up.  Story of your life could be right round the corner.
You'd lose the money-shots.  No.  I'll catch a bus.  Or a cab.  Don't worry about it.  Go.
Joey ....  Look, you wanna ride?  I can go by your place.
Better hurry, Doc.  A real story.  With a real reporter.
Yeah, well like you said - it's a mystery.  But that's all it is. Mystery.  Not malice.  What, you think the station paid off every accident victim in the city to ... ?
I know.  I know.  But it's just so ... neat, isn't it?  The first gig that isn't cute kids or diet gurus and it's taken away from me.
The Box, Joey.  He wants the Box.
Wha .... ?
Your apartment.
So where is it?
This is his first night on Earth.  He wants to close the door behind him. Like all Lieutenants, he covets command. There's a gateway to Hell through which he can be taken back.  He has to destroy it.
Then tell me what to do.
Joey, you walked through your window from one reality to another.  You're stronger than you think.
I don't know ...
I like you, Joey.  You ask all the right questions.  There is something we can do but it will require great courage.
What can we do?
He'll do what he does best.  But he'll do it unfettered.  He wants to walk the Earth forever, indulging his taste for all the myriad subtleties of human suffering.
What will he do?  What does he want?
Because - monster as I was - I was bound by Laws.  The protocol of Hell.  The Box had to be opened to let me out.  The truly innocent were safe.  That's no longer true.  The shell of the beast has been fleshed.  What I was is out there, Joey.  In your world.  Unbound. Unstoppable.
Kirsty Cotton.  Yes.  But ... if your soul was freed, why are you back?
And why are you back?  Why are we here?
Something bad.
And what did you discover?
The cusp of my life.  What I was, what I am, what I will be ... past, present, future, all bound here at this timeless moment of decision.  I was an explorer of forbidden vices and pleasures. Opening the Box was my final act of exploration, of discovery.
And what is ... this frozen moment?
The war pulled poetry out of some of us. Others it affected differently.  This is me a few years later.  We're in India, by the way, and it's 1921.  I was like many survivors. Lost souls with nothing left to believe in but gratification. We'd seen God fail, you see.  So many dead.  For us God, too, fell at Flanders.  We adjusted to the loss.  And if we mourned, we mourned in silence. Thousands drank themselves to death. Others went further.  I went further.  I thought I was a lost soul.  But, until this frozen moment, I didn't even know what the phrase meant.
Hell is precisely what is going on, Joey.  And we have to stop it.  I because of a special obligation, you because you're the only person who can help. And because you know what is right, and just, and true.  Will you walk with me a while?
Captain Spenser.  Elliott.  I ... What the Hell is going on?
Well done.  Brave girl.  You've probably never shaken hands with a ghost before, am I right?
Correct.  The fields of France.  And many dead flowers ... Oh.  Forgive me. My name was Spenser.  Elliott Spenser. Captain.
It's ... I don't know.  First World War, right?
You have to help me.  You will understand.  And no, you're not dreaming.  Do you know where we are?
Wait ... wait.  You ... you have to help me.  I don't understand.  Am I dreaming this?
Help me pick 'em up, Terri.  I think the lady just made a sale.
Joey ... ?
God knows.  Anything.  Contacts.  Clues.
What am I looking for?
Here!  Here!  Pull over!
Then you shouldn't even be around it. You know, it's ...
For somebody else, alright?  Not for me. I don't do that shit anymore.
Oh, Terri ...
Buying some drugs, alright?
Terri?
What on earth were you doing down here?
Yeah.  Happening, isn't it?
Jesus.  Are you sure this is the street?
It's Saturday morning.  Let's go shopping.
Sure.  Why?
Would you know this store again?
I was downtown looking for a ... a friend.  A guy I know.  Anyway, there was this store.  Like real old?  Lotsa weird shit in there.  I saw this statue. Pillar.  Thing.  I knew he'd love it. You've seen the club.
That you found.  What do you mean you found it?
No.  JP.  My last boyfriend?  He like owns the club.  You know?  You were there?  He bought the statue.
Woah.  Wait a minute.  Who?  The kid?
Yeah.  I found it.  I knew held like it and I figured ...
Maybe not.  But you know more than I do. You know something about this box. Something about a statue?
But I don't know what's going on.
No.  He knows it won't.  It was his final act of love and part of him knows that and part of him doesn't yet.
Maybe he thinks it'll come back.
Every day.
And he still sits there?
I don't know his name ...  I saw the whole story.  A wounded bird was on his roof.  I could hear its cries from here. He went straight to it.  I couldn't've. I'd be frozen between pity and fear. But he wasn't.  Its pain spoke directly to him.  He picked it up.  Nursed it. Fed it.  And it got better.  Everyday he'd watch the pigeon.  Everyday the pigeon would watch him. I saw him learn. Learn that there was one more thing he had to do to make the rescue complete. And one day, just as afternoon became evening, he leaned over, opened the cage, and walked away.  Didn't look back.  But he heard the sound of its wings.
Who's that?
... but it is good.  You know, over to the left, you can ...
I don't think so.  But it's a fascinating subject.  Did you ...
Cool.  I read a book once.  It was like all these people discovering who they used to be.  You know, like reincarnation?  It was really good.  You ever read that?
No.  I buy them to impress people.  Of course I've read them.
Wow.  Lotta books.  You read all these?
Guys.  Sometimes friends.  Mostly guys.
How have you ... ?
Jeez, I've never owned anything.  I haven't even had a room of my own since I was fifteen years old.
The bank owns it.  But I'm working on it.
This is great.  And it's yours?  You like own it?
No!  No, that's OK.  I like to.  I love boiling water.  It's a specialty of mine.  Why don't you go watch cartoons?
I'll do it!
I'll boil some water.
Ha!  I don't know yet.  First time. Kitchen virgin, that's me.
Right ... That's ... er ... that's nice of you, Terri.  Can I ask?  Is it always this ... exploratory?
I figured I'd make breakfast.
That's what I'm trying to tell you! ...
Wait.  Wait.  The chains.  Where did the chains come from?
Yeah!  That's what I'm saying!  And it was lying next to him.  And he pointed at it before he passed out and ...
Wait a minute.  He was already ... wounded ... when you found him?
The thing!  He was lying there in the street, moaning.  But he pointed at it ... 22
Taken what?
No.  I'd seen him in there a few times before.  He was just a punk.  I'd never like danced with him or anything. Anyway, he was a thief.  He must've taken it from the statue.
Did you know him?
But I don't know anything!  Really.  I just came out of the club and the kid was already in the street.  He ...
Yes I do.  Terri, something awful happened to that boy.  I have to find out what it was.
Oh.  You wanna talk about that stuff.
It's okay.  It's just someone burned me once.
Sorry.  It was my father's.  It's temperamental.
Oh, go on.  Have one.  Fuck it.  You think you're going to live forever?
I'm trying to quit.
Great.  Thanks.  You gonna have one?
I know what you're saying but ... Never? You've never had a dream?  No, you know, you do.  You must.  What you mean is you don't remember them.
No ... I mean, it's not like great about your dad or anything.  It's just I don't dream.  Never have.  ... Maybe it'd help if I slept sometime ... Just kidding ... No, so it's always neat for me to hear about dreams.  I'm jealous.  It's like everybody has another world except me. You know what I mean?
What?
That's great.
God, no!  Nothing like that.  No, he died before I was born.  He died in Vietnam.  I never knew him.  Never met him.  We don't even know the details.  I dream of battlefields.  Of searching. Of trying to find out.
Oh, right.  Did he used to ... ?
No.  No, it's OK.  I ... It's my father.
Sorry.
Why are you so interested?
What is it?
... well, I've been having it for years. It's not a nightmare or anything.  It's ... well, I know what it is.
Oh yeah ...
Your dream.  You said you were having a bad dream.
What?
Right.
I put some decaf on.  Er ... make yourself comfortable.
No.  No.  It's fine.  Come now.  I was having bad dreams anyway.
Of course tonight.  Is that a problem? Like, if you've got a guy there or something ...
Yeah.  Sure.  You mean ... tonight?
Oh yeah.  Yeah.  Well ... Look, I'll make a deal with you ... My boyfriend threw me out, right?  I'll trade you. You give me couch-space.  I'll give you talk.  OK?
I want to talk to you.  We met ... now, listen, don't hang up, OK? ... We met at the hospital last night.
Right ... So ... Well, what do you want?
Right.  Right!
You like ... left me a card?  At the club?
Joey.  Yeah, who is this?
Uh ... Hi!  Is this ... er ... Joanne Summerskill?
Uh-huh?
Under the Underground?  What's that? Where is ...
Under The Underground.  Can I like GO now?!
Where?
Look, lady!  I told you!  It's not my problem!  I was just there!
It's nothing to do with me.  I wasn't even with him.
Hold on.  Hold on, please.  I need talk to you.
What happened to him?
It was off the statue.  In the club.
Right at the back there.  Middle shelves.  Coupla folders.  Nice stuff. I'd do you a good price.
I don't know.  Maybe.
You gonna buy?
Can we see?
Sure.  Just papers, photos.  Stuff nobody'd ever want.
What else came with it?  Anything still here?
It was part of a job-lot.  Some loony- bin they shut down.  Unclaimed stuff.
Fine.  Fine.  But can you tell us anything about it?
Never mind.  I'm glad it's gone.  Made the store feel strange.  Who'd make such a thing?
I took back everything bought on a whim, I'd have no business.  I ...
No.  We want ...
Everything sold as is.  No guarantees. No returns.
No.  No, you don't understand.  We're not selling it.  It came from here.  We want ...
No.  Sorry.  Not interested.  Not for my customers.  Have you tried ...
Right.  Like you were hog-tied or something.
You ... I can't fucking believe you, you bastard!  You get me in here ...
I'm JP Monroe, you stupid little bitch. Now get the fuck out of my life.
You shit.  Who do you think you are?
And tomorrow I'll give one to somebody else.  Get dressed.  Get out.
But you gave me a rose ...
Oh.  Like I'm not an interesting person.
It doesn't bother me.  I'm just not interested.
Unh-unh.
Do you mind me talking about your stuff?
No.  Thank you.
Wow.  Thank you.
Yes really.
No.  Really?
... Let it define you.  Whatever it is. Most of the roses die behind the bar. This is the first I've given out for nearly a month.
Don't do that!  Don't put yourself down. If you have a quality, be proud of it...
Oh come on.  There're lots of girls here who look better than ...
Everyday I have my friend Rick here bring a newly-cut red rose in with him and keep it behind the bar.  And I award it to a woman of exceptional beauty.
I'm sorry.
He's a barman.  Whatever.  Do you mind if I continue?
The barman?  I thought he was called Rick?
You see, everyday I have my friend John here bring ...
A prize?  For what?
It's yours.  You won it.  It's a prize.
Thank you for the drink.  And the rose. Wow.  That's ... really nice.
Thank you.
And this is your club.  Great club.  I really love it here.  Great club.
Uh-huh.
You're JP Monroe, right?
Welcome. 38
It has already begun.
How do we start?
God?  My God was diamond and black light.  And I was his Dark Pope.  All that is changed.  A terrible beauty is born.  With a place at my right hand for a man of your tastes.
But how in God's name ...
You see, we're not so dissimilar.
Hey, that's what makes the world go round.
A dark star rising.  I was bound to another's system by a soul I once possessed.  A friend relieved me of that inconvenience.  Now I'm free.  Born again of Blood and Desire.
Because you want to.  You've always wanted to.  Look at your pictures.  Look at your sculptures.  Look at those tawdry representations and then ... Imagine.  Imagine a world of the body as canvas.  The body as clay.  Your will and mine as the brush and the knife. Oh, I have such sights to show you.
What!?  What are you talking about?  Why should I help you?
Don't flee from yourself.  If you have a quality, let it define you.  Cultivate it.  It is you.  By helping me, you will help yourse...
Fuck you!
I understand.  Their fortune was so tempting, their affection so conditional.  What else could you do?
No!  No.  It's not the same ... I ... No.  What you did ... it was ... evil.
Good.  So did I.  And that's all ...
Yes.
On the contrary.  It has everything to do with the world.  And our dreams of how it will succumb to us.  You enjoyed the girl?
That had nothing to do with the world. Not this one, anyway.
What did you see?  The same as I. Appetite sated.  Desire indulged.  You saw the working of the world in miniature.
What ... What ... ?
Yes!  God, yes.  I ... I just want to hug you.  To hold you.  To tell you it's alright.
Really?
Hey, you didn't fuck it up with me.  You know that.  It was my fault, babe, it really was.  And you know I'm sorry. And I'm sorry to see you upset now.  I hate to see you in pain like this.
No.  It isn't ... she wouldn't ... It's like I must have done something wrong, you know?  Freaked her out.  Just fucked up something good again.
That's terrible.  What a bitch.  She was obviously just using you, Terri.  Ready to dump you the second she had what she needed, interfering little whore.
Sure.  Sure.  I understand.  It's cool. I mean, we've got all night.
I don't think so.  Not yet.  I'm not ready yet.
Terri, listen.       Why don't you come here and kiss me?  I mean, it's probably ticking away in both our minds, right?  Is it going to happen?  Isn't it going to happen?  Let's get it out of the way.  See how we feel.  Then we can relax.  Talk.  You know.
Yeah right.  Look ...
Not now, no.  I mean - now that you're here, it's like she doesn't even exist, you know what I mean?
A girl?  Anyone I should know?
Yeah, a girl I know helped smarten it up.  Put her heart and soul into it.
Yeah ... yeah, it looks different.
No.  But, as you can see, I'm having some work done on it.  You found a real treasure for me, Terri.  I hope I can show you how grateful I am.
Not quite.  This wasn't here.
C'mon.  It'll be great.
Oh, I don't ...
Good ... Good ... Look, why don't you come over?  You know, nothing heavy, little drink maybe, little talk.  Just see how we both feel?
Yes. 53
That's so good to hear, sweetheart.  It really is. You know, I .. are you alone?
I miss you too.
I know.  I know.  It's bad.  I'm a bad person.  But I try not to be, Terri.  I really do.  And I really miss you.
Well ... of course I have.  I've thought.  I've ... Oh, JP, you were so horrible.  You really hurt me ...
Hey, it has been known.  C'mon Terri, I'm not that bad a guy.  I have regrets. I'd like to put things right.  Don't tell me you haven't thought about me. Huh?
You're apologizing?
No.  I mean, really?  Because I'm concerned for you, sweetheart.  I care about you.  I guess I miss you.  I'm sorry we split up.  I'm sorry I ...
Yeah really.  I'm ...
Really?
Oh.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Well ... I'm fine. Things are great here.  Joey's going to get me a job at the TV station.  I'm meeting lotsa new people.  It's really great.
Will you relax?  Your little girlfriend left a card, remember?
Yeah right.  How'd you get this number?
What do you want?
Live and in the flesh.  How're you doing, babe?
JP?
Not quite.
Joey?
Guards come exactly every three minutes....
Eighth room down, babe...
Gum.
Delivery Entrance.  Low Security.
It doesn't have to be.  Everybody knows that if you mess with the Kremlin, you'll end up in a Siberian gulag eating your own fingernails.
The security's actually not that severe.
I laughed, I cried.
That was beautiful.
Hudson, God's given you a gift for cat burglary, you can t just...
Well, forget about it.  Hawk and I are going to Rio.  We're hurt, we're tired, and a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich.  Right, buddy?...
Something like that.
You're saying you want us to beat them to the crystal and save the world from financial disarray.
It was so beautiful!  When the blanks went off, they...
Oh thank God, you're dead...
Get em....
Let's just forget it, I mean...
Get 'em.  They went down the hallway.
You're a reed, man.  I gotta get Anna.  Hang in there...
I can't believe you didn't notice. My weight.  I lost ten pounds in Rome
Alex, are you....
I don't want to sound immature, but we were here first...
I'm a ghost.  Boo.
"But we'll be the same as we started...
"We all had our quarrels and parted..."
You can be lookout!.....  Take Alex's gun.
Anna, I think you better stay....
That was close....
"How'd we ever get such in a ru-utt"
"Oh this lock is a pain in the bu-utt"
Don't worry, we'll get it...
Now that's a lock.
"Maybe we're ragged and funny."
"Oh, we ain't got a barrel of money.
Okay.
Why not just go now?
Count of three?
Yeah, I mean, come on, going through the Iron Curtain is supposed to be crawling underneath barbed wire, it's supposed to be strangling a guard...
You sound disappointed.
Shwoof, that makes me feel better. I can't believe this is the Iron Curtain.  All the guy at Airport customs wanted to know was "Who Shot J.R.?"
Geez, this Art Treasures Room looks like a burnt diaphragm.
We're going in from the ground floor.
Damn travel agency.  That Kremlin thing is in Moscow, isn't it?
Rio, Alex?  After all they've done to...Hey, these tickets are for Moscow!
Don't act like you've never committed a crime before, Hawkins?  I know, I made call, when Anna tracked me down I...
No sweat, Alex, you only made the biggest mistake of <u>my</u> life.  What was your per-diem?
But I said I was sorry....
You bastard.  You fucked my freedom for a lousy job.
Alex, my man, it's time to play a little offense.  Where's your tux?
You re not thinking of going to...
Because I'm tired of not understanding things.  Cops, Mafia, and butlers forcing me to bust my ass to steal something, which it turns out I really didn't steal--it's fucked up.
Why try?
Boing.  Uh, this I don t understand...
"Attempted."  At-tempt-ted!  I'm not happy about having to steal that horse, but I do have my pride.  Face it, when it comes to burglary, and sex, I....
Morning edition.  Seems two thieves "attempted" to steal it last night, but thanks to three "courageous" guards, it will be ready for tonight.
Okay, you got me, Mr. PBS.
Ah yes, a rare Renaissance piece. Da Vinci's "Sforza," an equestrian model of a never executed statue. I consider it to be the prize of tonight's auction of objets d'equestrian.  Horse things.
The Butler did it.  Guy was a cross between Alistair Cook and a Cuisinart. Dude took Mr. Ed and humptied dumptied it over Gates's head.  He said it was made by, get this, Leonardo..
Geez, Gates was killed.  Who do we send the thank you note to?
Oh, not much.  Gates just had his tonsils taken out.  The hard way.
Did I miss anything?
Paint a woman in a lighthou--I don't want to steal a horse. Life is...
"You could be swinging on a star."
What am I doing here?  There are so many things I wanna do that aren't this.  Paint a lighthouse. Kiss a woman in Italy.
The song's over!  Come on! "You could be swinging on a star."
"Every day you meet quite a few."
"And all the monkeys aren't in the zoo."
"And though he's slippery, he still gets caught."
"He can't write his name or read a book.  To fool people is his only thought."
"He kicks up at anything he hears.
"A mule is an animal with long funny ears."
You know they invented something while you were inside.  Called a watch.
5:32.  "Swinging on a Star."
You got about five minutes and change.
Yes, master-thief, I can see that. You said something about a plan...
They record everything their video surveillance takes in...
No need.  Guards' station's right there.
Cameras?
Hey, you promised......Don't worry, I'm wearing my girdle.
Whoa, you better cut a bigger hole than that.
Don't wet your diapers.  I'll have to change them.  "Witchcraft." What's the running time?
Alex!
Rutherford Auction... that name...
I'm sorr--Goddamn Mario Brothers. Goddamn Gates.  Goddamn Rutherford Auction House.  By the way, how many seconds?
You're not...LISTENING!
There goes five seconds...My record's eighteen.
This isn't funny.  I'm not into this.  I...
Hey, I'm sorry, man.  I'm putting out a fire with kerosene.
But you got three guards who... Shit, what am I doing?  Where's the want ads?  Gonna sell some spatulas.
Just means it'll take you an extra 31 seconds to seduce.  You re still the best, I know it.
The safe's a Simpson 71.  Last time I played the game, Simpson only had a 40.
Hmmm, nasty little safe on the 7th.
It's Captain Bob's steering wheel! Remember when the Captain.....
Yo Pandora, quit hummm-ing... look at this.
Hmmmm.....
Sure.  That's why his meatballs are made out of marinated Chuck Wagon.
Alex, did you know this ape was going to be here...
Hey, get this irritable guy a cappuccino.  I gotta go be a boss.
I read about these people in Newsweek.  Where's all the regulars, Crazy Jeff Cava, the Todd sisters, Indian Joe?  Where's Ed Kranepool's autograph?  Captain Bob's steering wheel?
I didn't know how to tell you.  A couple brokers stopped in for Stoley Spritzers one night.  Next thing I know Fast Track Digest votes us "Watering Hole of the Month."  Now, I'm shopping for Aqua Salmon wallpaper.
Ah, had the perfect amount of foam.  Just get me to the bar... It's the one good thing in my life that'll never change....
Those dago-guinea-I can say this shit I'm Italian-wop motherfu--
Oh, not much.  Mario Brothers want me to do a job.
So Mr. Coffee, what went down outside the prison?
Oh man, you still got a thing for those unmasculine European coffees? Who's your buddy?
Come on, Alex, let's just get to Alex's.  Your bar's the only place that's going to cheer me. God, I'd kill for a damn cappuccino.  What the hell's a Nintendo?
Now that you're born again,what do you wanna do?  Statue of Liberty?  Entertain some ladies? Miss Saigon tix?  Seduce some women?  Play Nintendo?  Bone some chicks?
Not anymore.  Now I'm the laziest damn cat burg--I'm going to take it so straight that I won't tape a Mets game without the expressed written consent of the National Baseball League.
Still do the puzzles, still know the running times of songs, and I'll bet you're still the best damn cat burg--
Three minutes, 51 seconds.
Show off.  Hey, boss tune.  "Come Fly with Me."
That's your definition of "Hard?"
My next word was gonna be "consciousness."  Swear to God... tubby.
Don't say it, Hawkins.  I'm incredibly sensitive about my fucking figure.
Looks like you've been expanding your...
Lousy day?  The man's getting out of prison and he's having a lousy day.  What, you missing out on the Cell Block Water Ballet pageant?  Believe me, it's overrated.
Your timing, and your shoes, are impeccable...  Good to see you, Alex, been having a lousy day.
That's the first thing I did. Smooch the ground and taste the freedom.  Sorry I was late.  Miss anything?
Ooh-kay...
My plan is just beginning.  I'll forgive you for denying me the pleasure of slaughtering my boorish employers, but I'm afraid the birth of the new British Empire can have no witnesses!
You're unemployed, Alfie.  Boss is dead.  Her plan is over.
How.
Last rites, sister?
Welcome back to Vinci.
It's Boston, Mr. Mayflower.
My life is not some deal.  I...
Yes way.
Welcome to Rome, sir.
Too-do-loo, babe.
Ta ta, Hudson Hawk.
As for our plan of action, anybody'd be insane to go in from the ground floor...
Lucky for us, the Da Vinci is located in a wing of the Kremlin that they used to throw the Miss Ukraine pageant and stuff.  It'll have the least number of guards....
Close call, but she's our only way of keeping tabs on that damn mysterious Vatican organization. Hawk, it's time to go to the principal's office....
With all due respect to that great blouse, why didn't I cut out her heart?
Snickers, make the list happen. Oh and it's one thing to play hide and seek with the Mayflower's pathetic staff, but we're sore losers.  I've put jumper cables on the nipples of children and not always in the line of duty.
Grapple, Biker's bottle, hairspray, black turtleneck, Pocket Fisherman, acid, collapsible yardstick, softball, and 72 stamps. Gee Stud, this is going to be some date.  No Harvey's Bristol Cream?
I call them the MTV.I.A.  Punks think Bay of Pigs is an herbal tea. They think the Cold War involves penguins and...
George, you promised.  No Old CIA/ New CIA jokes...
Don't you just hate kids...
You're supposed to be dead!
What the hell....
Snickers, baby, I love you like a brother, but really, who cares? Silencer bomb...
This is the room above the Art Treasures room.  The lock is a Natalya Z-Z, first created...
Quit bitching, you got the employee of the month plaque for that shit...Ah to be in Pari-is and in love.
Damn baby, when's the last time you had a vacation...Jesus, I gotta get out of this job.  If my Mom knew her daughter assassinated the leader of the anti-Apartheid movement....
Italy, France, Moscow.  They all just wanna be Nebraska.  Old Man Kaplan thinks since Communism is dead, we got nothing to do.  Man, Democracy isn't free elections. We gotta teach the world that Democracy is Big Tits, College Football on Saturdays, Eddie Murphy saying the word "Fuck" and Kids putting their hands down garbage disposals on "America's Funniest Home Videos."
Actually we're in Italy, Snickers, she said as if it made a difference.
Come on, Pierre, Steak-bur-ger, Fren-n-ch Fries.  This is France, you gotta have French.....
God go with you, sister.
I know, I know, your Eminence, just say "God go with me."
I'm sorry for losing it back there, but you must remember, sister, you have vows to God as well as a mission to the world.
I'm going to find out.
Oh, why couldn't I be the Cardinal in charge of catering.... If the Mayflowers get the three sections of Da Vinci's crystal and his instructions for the gold machine-- Aie-yi--Do we got anything?  What of Alex, Hawk's friend, where is his loyalty?
You got it.  Operation Deflower Mayflower is a bad joke and I'm the punchline.  I thought we were using the CIA to help us to get Mayflower, but really the CIA was using me to keep us away from Mayflower.
Sorry.  Seventeen Hail Marys and five minutes outside.
A little petting is not the issue!
"Messed around" messed around?  I know-- I don't want to know.  First base?  Second Base?  Stop me when I'm getting warm...
He came into a world where crime is a legitimate business tactic and a legitimate government procedure.  But he knew Right and Wrong.  Oh, and we kind of messed around...
Anna, what are you trying to say...
I betrayed a man.  A good man.  An innocent man.  A thief.
Hit me with your best shot.
Yeah.  The big E.
Let me be the one to quote Scripture.  ....As an agent of our organization, you are put in awkward situations.  Just remember, Hudson Hawk is an evil, evil man.
That's the best kind.  A wise woman once said "Polite conversation is rarely either."
Attempt, you mean.  The vanity of this man, Hudson Hawk.  The Vatican has foiled the advances of Pirates and Terrorists.  We will not lie down for some schmuck from New Jersey.  Must you flirt with him so realistically?
No, your Eminence.  I think he's going to steal the Codex, as early as next week.
Did he mention the Mayflowers?
I got my planet back.
Hudson, I'm afraid I'm sticking with God.  But you're a close second, tough guy.  What is that smile?
Have I ever told you the world is beautiful...  I'd really like to play Nintendo with you, or something...
Holy sh-h--things are going to get very interesting, very fast. Da Vinci would be proud of you.
I wanna know...
Wha -- you don't want to know...
Yeah, but what would happen if that little mirror came out of the crystal.
Da Vinci made the real directions in a secret script that I decoded. The way the machine is running now, the gold will produce too quickly, clog, and the machine will shut itself down.  Isn't it wonderful?
Wha.....
Trust Leonardo....
I hope you know what....
This is too bad to be false.
Oh Hudson, I'm a sister of the Catholic church as well as an agent.
I told you not to call me Hudson. The only people who called me that were the nuns at...
Oh Hudson...
Fits my new image.  A thief for the masses.  This is one job I'm not going to feel guilty about enjoying.  Gum.
Uh, yeah.  Guess I'm a wee bit nervous.  I'm sorry I could only score clergy passports.
Hey, don't take your disguise so seriously.
You re not "some guy" anymore, Hudson.  Right now, you're the only guy.  Without your help, I....
Selfish attitude?  I'm just some guy who wants a little nap and a cappuccino for when he wakes up, not too much foam...
It's that kind of selfish attitude that...
You better believe I can.  I'm sick of people telling me what I have to do.
It's from the machine.  All they need is the crystal to run it and they have 2/3 of it already.  We can't let that happen.
You know, the place where you gave the bad guys the Codex.... the Mayflower Museum.
Where did you get this?
Oh.  Well, what's this?
I-work-for-a-covert-Vatican-humanitarian- organization.  The-CIA-made-a-fool-of-me. I-care-for-you...
And you, Dr. Cappucino, you're lucky I don't hit women, assuming you are a woman.  I'm not taking anything for granted anymore.
Hudson, don't you understand...
Oh, I must have put too much ethyl-chloride in it.
This doesn't taste like cappuccino.
Ooh, I guess I do know something Here's looking at you, kid...
The C.I. what?  God, no...
Does everyone in the world know more than me?  Jesus, I'm just some guy who happens to be good at swiping stuff.....Lifted a piece of licorice when I was one and a half.  Who knew it would lead... They even got the CIA involved!
For two years, I've been tracking the Mayflowers' peculiar interest in three Da Vinci pieces.  Their Sforza replica was as fake as the "gas leak" that supposedly destroyed it.
What are your plans for the weekend?  Hoisting away the Colosseum?  Tell me, did the devil make you do it or did Darwin and Minerva Mayflower?
Wha--
You really went and did it.  With one day, not even a day, of planning, you did it.  Nobody does it better, Hudson.  You started the week stealing the Sforza and you ended it swiping the Codex.
It's not what you think.  Okay, maybe it is....
Oh.  No.
Somebody robbed the Vatican.
Catholic girls are scary...
It's also been a long time for me.  I--
Hey now, outside of a very friendly dog this morning, it's been a slow decade.  I don't make love every ten years, I get a little cranky.
I'm sorry.  I can't.  I....
Oh, I'm so sorry...
tickles, ticKleS, TICKLES.
Uh....old badminton injury.
What have you been doing?
I seem to have a thing for sinning. sinning.  Check please....
Wow, you were "in the joint." "Doing hard time."  It's funny, but that excites me.  I seem to have a thing for sinners.
Let's just say, I never saw E.T.
How long were you in?
I was the Warden?
Prison?
This is bueno.  They had the worst ketchup in prison.....uh...
I never break a date.  Scout's honor.
Oh Hudson, I was worried you weren't going to drop by....
Said.
Secret passageways don't mean as much as they used to.  There's a place two blocks east of here. Enzo's.  Say 10:30.
And I'll bring my entourage...
I'll bring my entire repertoire...
God, I wish I could say the same thing.  What about having a nice, dull dinner with me tonight. Scrabble, Knock-knock jokes, Anecdotes about famous dead Italians....
I don't steal stuffed elephants from little girls.  And I buy my own clothes.  My life's a little boring...
You're not an unmysterious thang yourself.
Actually I wrote it.  It's a good sentence.  It can apply to people.
Oh, you read that.
Nice.  But right out of our brochure.
The Vatican is made of constant mysteries meant to be enjoyed, not explained.
Delivers up to ten at night.  The Pope has an obsession with his Easter Seals.  It's actually not that an unusual set-up.  The secret passageway on the other hand....
Whoa, part 2.  Does it go to Times Square?
Could you believe that crazy elephant?
Sure Hudson.  Are you going to tell me why you did that back there or are you going to blame it on Dumbo?
Whoa.  Name's Hawkins, Eddie Hawkins. My nickname's Hudson Hawk, but don't call me Hudson, not even as a joke. The Nuns at St. Agnes called me that and they're the ones who helped make me what I am today. Not a compliment...
Never, why do you ask?
Come on, this stuff will knock you out.  Have you ever had the feeling you were being followed, Mr. Bond.
Question, sir?   His untiring pen predicted the airplane, the submarine, the bicycle, the helicopter, and even the tank.
That's what you theenk.
As you know, the Da Vinci Codex, has lived in the Vatican for centuries and will continue to live here for centuries more.
Yes, and my giraffe loves it, too...
Tough guy.  What are you--How's your head.
Because Danger, Doc, is my middle...
Thanks tough guy, thanks a lot. Why was the guard chasing you?
Excuse me, Milady.  I would have flown over and carried you up to a pink cloud, but I left my cape at the cleaners.
No, I meant you didn't have to tackle me and rip my dress.  A polite push, perhaps?  A clear shout of "watch out, Anna" would have done nicely...
Forget about it--it was nothing-- anybody would have done the same thing--It's an impulse...
My God, that was bold of you, you didn't have to do that...
Fantastic.  Perfection.  The Vatican extends its jealousy to the lucky bidder.
Oh, the shit is going to hit the fa--
Actually he never told us what it was.
Cat got his tongue?
Anna.  Anna.  Anna.  If that were true, Almond Joy would have handed you your heart right after you handed me the Codex. Now, get some sleep.  Kit Kat...
Oh Lord.... the only reason I ask is that Hudson, uh, Mr. Hawk, Hawkins, had some "neat" things to say about Darwin, Minerva, and you. Basically that you're part of the same car pool.
It's the site of their new museum and we're taking it over.  Operation Deflower Mayflower is going full speed ahead.
And then we'll arrest those greedy pigs... Is that it?
When the Mayflowers find out we have the Codex, they're going to want to make a deal...
Way to go, Anna.
Ah, the mafia, the cops; do I know how to party or what?
Good job, not pretty, but good.
Baseball, why?
What's your favorite sport, Hawk?
If the Mario brothers weren't Jersey's third largest family, I'd say kiss my ass.  But considering your status, I'll say slurp my butt.
Hawk, you're a great thief.  Got set up, did some time, nothing to be ashamed of.  Don't give me a sonata about you always just really wanted to settle down, open a hardware Store and sell spatulas...
Or you cut off my thingie. Directions even your brother would understand.
You're hitting Rutherford's Auction House.  Easy as my brother's wife.  Directions are in the bag.  Just open the seventh floor safe and take out the thingie...
Sure.  Face down.  Two endearing shots to the back of the head. That's your mark, man.  What did Little Eddie ever do to...
How many times do I have to say it?  I didn't put the hit on Little Eddie... Never had anything against that kooky chimp.  I actually found him, "endearing."
Million five, lover...
That New-York-Italian-Father- made-twenty-bucks-a-week-son- of-a-bitch.  What was our bet?  A million?
I knew it!  I told you it was a fake.
So let's get busy.  Have some fun and make some deals.
We're here to say, your government was right.
I look at you Soviet people and I feel... pity... superiority.  Most of your life, your government has told you that Capitalism turns people into robots who'd rather eat microwave sushi, naked in the back of a Cadillac than hear the laughter of children.
Well, that said, the last ingredient in the recipe is in, get this, you're gonna die, the Kremlin.
Market crashes.  Bomb drops. Greenhouse effect affects.  We'll still be the richest, most powerful people in the world.  In 1992, Europe is coming together to become one business superpower.  It's one party we'd love to poop.
Alchemy!  Is the business term of the 90's, my man!  Minerva read about it in an airline magazine about four years ago.  I dumped some lira into research... Shazam, we come across a diary by one of Da Vinci's apprentices detailing La Machine de Oro, the gold machine for those at home, and the rest is about to become history.  Money isn't everything, gold is.  Fuck blue chip stocks!  Fuck T-bills! Fuck Junk Bonds!  I got the real deal!  Money will always be paper but gold will always be gold!
Surely a master-thief like you can tell the difference.
So, Captain Hawk, in one of your paws you got a gold bar worth about 8 thou.  In the autre, you got lead that won't get you gelato.
I don't care.
No, let me!
Like a "cat", one could say.
Haven't you ever seen, like David Niven?  You know tiptoe in, tiptoe out.
Bunny, ball-ball!  Bad bunny!
Listen Hawk, this might be hard to believe, but I'm a regular joe.  I just want to be happy and happiness comes from the achieving of goals. It's just when you make your first billion by the age of 19, it's hard to keep coming up with new ones.  But now finally I got my new goal.  World domination.  With your help...Bunny....quit that!
We want Da Vinci's sketchbook, what do they call it, the Codex.
That's two hundred dollars a day? So he can get a hooker and some tequila.  Veto, Darwin.
Hawkmeister, we got you clothes, great hotel, and a 250,000 lira per diem.
Poor baby..... Here, Bunny.
Outbid by my own wench, quelle bummere.
But you're going to tell us anyway...
What a pleasant surprise.  You're probably wondering...
You want an address on that last one?
I'll torture you so slowly you'll think it's a career!  I'll kill your family, your friends, and the bitch you took to the Prom!
Hey, guys, I've always wanted to sing like Franki Valli and the other seasons, but come on....
Come to think of it there is a part of your body that you won't need for your next job...
I guess that's a no.
Way to go, Alfie!  How many people did you break that thing in front of.   Good help's hard to find.
If you're pausing for a "thank you," give it up.  So boss, you going to tell me what the crystal piece inside the pony means?
Oh... Let's see.  There are organizations that think we wanted the "Sforza" for reasons other than putting it in the Da Vinci museum we're building in Vinci. Hopefully, these organizations think our plan has been ruined with the explosion of our replica. If I seem vague, grand.  We want a low profile on this, that's why I got Kaplan and the Candy bars involved.  I helped George help the Mario Brothers and Gates help get you out....
Whatever.  You own Boardwalk, you own Park Place, you own the four railroads.  You think you're God. For all I know, you're probably right.  I just wanted to have a damn cappuccino, maybe play some Nintendo after I find out what it is.  Man, why didn't you just <u>buy</u> the horse?  What am I saying, you did buy it...
So Hawkasaurus, I won't mince words...
Because I didn't want to get hurt, taterhead.
You could host American Bandstand in here.  Why did you duck at the auction, asshole?
For those kind of wages, I could have built the factory in America! They're Vietnamese, can't we just give them more Bart Simpson shirts? I hear depressing news like this and I want to commit genocide!  Alfred, hold my calls.  So, Hawk! The Hawkster!  What do you think of the vehicle?
So when's that Sebastian-Cabot- Buckingham-Palace-looking- Butlerhead getting here?
You certainly do.
All this trouble for a horsey. I may not know art, but I know what I like.
Weren't you the bartender at Jonestown?
Hudson Hawkins gets the chair of honor.  How about a Gates-arita?  I used real hot dogs.
That's the beauty.  It's bullshit, but I can make it stick because I'm a good guy parole officer and you re a bad guy who's about to find out that there's a thin line between ex-con and escape con.
What else do you got under there ... I don't want to be rude, but this is all pretty lame.
Uh, yeah.  Cut to the chase.
Remember that shoe you lost...
Yes.
Remember that guy in the cell next to you who hung himself?
How was I supposed to know they were women?  Besides one of them was bald and kept saying "Soitinly."
You wouldn't be out if it wasn't for me!  I did dog and pony for you!  You think they would have let you out after what you did, you told the board members they looked like the Three Stooges...
The only thing you can't do is get sex for free.  I know I was in prison for like basically the 80's, but, call me daffy, aren't you supposed to <u>stop</u> me from committing crimes.  You know, Book-em-Dano, Call-for-backup, Give-a-Hoot-Don't-Pollute.
The auction house, asshole.  One night's work and you're free like no ex-con's ever been.  No checking in with a shrink, no community service teaching retards how to play air hockey. It's a great deal, I can't lie.
What job?
Why do you show your parole officer such disrespect? Especially after I got you such a nice job.
The pleasure's all yours, Officer Gates.
Have a seat.  Good to see you, buddy ol' pal...
I killed some lovable working class Italian-diabetic, but you killed the most significant male figure of the decade and a kind, gentle lover.  So don't play with me.
And to think I thought you were Evil Incarnate in pumps.
If you pull this off, I can't promise I won't kill you.  I mean, who we trying to kid?  But I will spare the Flying Nun here....
You can't, convict!  You're just a shmoe!  Every shmoe has the fantasy the planet revolves around them.  It rains, car crash stops traffic, you say "How could this happen to me?"  It's a natural inclination.  But for I, this isn't a fantasy, it is <u>reality</u>! You are on my planet!  You walk around the corner for coffee, out of my sight, you do not fucking exist!  The lives of shmoes like you have meaning only in relation to the rich, to the powerful, to ME!
Except yours-yours.  The goal of world domination.  Well, if you put it that way, Minnie.  How can I resist?
It'll take a couple of years of steady production, but I'll flood the market with so much gold that gold itself, the foundation of all finance, will lose its meaning. Brokers, economists, and fellow entrepreneurs will drown in the saliva of their own nervous breakdowns.  Markets will crash- crash.  Financial Empires will crumble-crumble.
You killed a friend.  Why should I help you go for the gold?
If you think you're getting past me...
I hate a man with a sense of humor.  While you corn dogs were comparing the lengths of your masculinity, we obtained the helicopter the new fashioned way: a thoroughly corrupt business deal.
You've got a dilemma, tiger.  I think I know what's going to help you solve it.
Bunny, not you too?
Jail, you asshole!  Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out!  Bunny, Ball-Ball!
Sure.  The Kremlin.  Makes sense. The Kremlin.  Why not?  Listen, this is all too Indiana Jones and the Lost City of King Tut for me, man.  Throw me in jail and go ahead, just try and throw Alex...
Alchemy.
Cool, isn't it?  Weight, feel, mal1eability, they're all but identical.  On the periodic chart of elements, they're but one proton apart.  Great minds worked for centuries to turn worthless into priceless.
Two minutes, 35 seconds.  Damnit, I'm involved in this thing, so I just wanna know what this thing is. I wanna be treated as an adult.
Big girls don't cry-I-eye.
Just browsing.  Don't touch me....
Get away from there, convict!
You wouldn't risk the dime to call the police.  You have no proof.
You go back, you won't be alone. You'll have a diabetic barkeep cellmate.  You're still young enough to have fun shanking child molesters for a pack of smokes, but "Alex" will go in knowing that the next time he gets out it'll be to attend his own funeral. Depressing.
Anybody have a cigarette?  But seriously, do me a favor and Concorde me back to prison.  I don't care anymore.  I hope you have the receipts for the threads.
For God's sake, chain this convict.
Guess I know who wears the penis in this family.
Too bad.
Damnit, I hate this!  I'm a cat burglar!  Nobody said anything about this fight-to-the-death shit.
Just shut up and hit me!
Bastard!  If you were a true American.
Don't be stupid...they...
Tonight?  You're whacked.  The timing's off, I'm underequipped Damnit, I have a date!
Good news, bud, the Mayflowers have moved up the time-table. You're hitting the Vatican to-night.
You know Kaplan, if you weren't the slimiest pinata of shit that ever lived, I'd feel sorry for you.
When it rains, it pours.  Name's Snickers.  The plane leaves in 40.
This is the worst night...
Tell me about it...
Why does this have to be so hard...
No.  But why do you let Butterfinger keep those blood stains on his shirt?
I can't believe this.  I'm in fucking Russia, or do I have to say, the fucking Soviet Union and I'm shooting a non-Bolshevick.  I never thought I'd say "I'm just in this job for the money."  Sad. Any last immature quips?
I don't think you'll appreciate their choice of weenie.
They may be scum, but if I get the Da Vinci model back, then we'll be roasting weenies on the beach.
Can't you see the Mayflowers double-crossed you...
Yeah, right.  By the way, as long as I'm getting things off my chest, I'm the one who killed your little monkey.  Made it look like a Mafia hit.  Did it for fun. Ciao.
If you do anything to my friend...
We blow up space shuttles for breakfast.  You and your friend Alex would be a late afternoon Triscuit.
Thanks for sharing.
God, I miss communism.  The Red Threat.  People were scared, the Agency was respected, and I got laid every night.
Why George, you big softie...
Hawk, Hawk, Hawk.  Enjoying Italy?  I always had a soft spot for Rome.  Did my first barehanded strangulation here.  Communist politician.
Shucks.  Guess not.
I'm supposed to fall for that?
No, somebody powerful.  Oh.  Look. what's that up there?
Employer?  The president?
Hush.  My employer wants a meeting.
Three minutes, twenty-three seconds.  If you think I'm doing another...
I Want to make things up to you. That's why I got you this gig, doll.  Hawk, my name's George Kaplan and to quote the late, great Karen Carpenter, "We've only just begun."
To what do I owe the dishonor of a reunion, you centrally intelligent scumsicle.
I used you as a diversion.  while you were getting captured upstairs, I was shredding documents in the basement.  Deep down, I guess I was just jealous.  You were one incredible thief...
But I'm not the type of guy to hold a grudge.
Bastard, you're going to need another nose!
You just might.  I'm the guy who tricked you into robbing a government installation and then had you sent to prison for it.  At the time, I was bald with a beard, no moustache, and I had a different nose, so if you don't recognize me, I won't be offended.
Don't I know you...
The Hudsucker Hoop!
The Hoop-dee-doo!
The Hudswinger!
The Hoopsucker!
The Circle-o'-Gaiety!
The Daddy-Oh!
The Hipster!
The Shazzammeter!
With a little jazz.
Snappy.
Sharp.
Something short.
The Jerky Circle!
The Dancing Dingus!
We'll call it the Flying Donut!
Cheap! Cheap! It's never been more valuable! And I'm ruined! Ruined!
Sure, sure, we'd all be millionaires. There's no point in looking back. At the time, Stilson thought dumping our position would panic the market, further depress the stock -- then we'd buy it all back, and more of course, once it got cheap --
I had twenty thousand shares! I'd be a millionaire now!
We dumped the whole load. Now quit showboating, Addison --
Nobody told me! Nobody told me! You sold all of our stock?
He didn't look unhappy!
What am I a headshrinker? Maybe the man was unhappy.
My God, why?! Why did he do it?! Things were going so well!
Them po' young folks. Looks like Norville's in fo' the same kind o' heartache ol' Warin' had. But then, she never axed me 'bout dat...
...Hello?
I'm plenty happy!
Okay, Miss Archuh.  ...I got gears to see to.
I'm happy enough.
I don't mean that! Why you pretendin' to be such a hard ol' sourpuss! Ain't never gonna make you happy! Never made Warin' happy.
Well, in connection with my job, sometimes I have to go undercover as it were --
Why you don't even know y'own self -- you ain't exactly the genuine article are you, Miss Archuh?
It's hardly the same --
An' only some kind a knucklehead thinks she knows things 'bout things she, uh -- when she don't, uh -- How'd that go?
Well, maybe I --
...But I guess you don't really know him any better than that board does, do ya, Miss Archuh?
'Cause they's little pigglies! They's tryin' to inspire panic, make that stock git cheap so's they can snitch it all up fo' themselves! But Norville, he's got some tricks up his sleeve, he does...
Why on earth would they want a nitwit to be president?
But then I figured it out: they did it 'cause they figured young Norville for an imbecile. Like some othuh people ah know.
That smart?!
Well, that even surprised ole Moses at fust. I didn't think the Board was that smart.
So if you know everything about Hudsucker, tell me why the Board decided to make Norville Barnes president.
I don't tell no one nothin' lessen they ask. Thatches ain't ole Moses' way.
Yeah, yeah. Say, you won't tell anyone about me, will you?
Ah keeps the ol' circle turning -- this ol' clock needs plenty o' care. Time is money, Miss Archuh, and money -- it drives that ol' global economy and keeps big Daddy Earth a-spinnin' on 'roun'. Ya see, without that capital fo'mation --
But -- who are you -- what d'you do here?
Ah guess ole Moses knows jes about ever'thing, leastways if it concerns Hudsuckuh.
Who are you? How did you know who I am?
Muncie!
You've lost it, Aim. You've gone soft by the looks of it -- soft on the dummy from Dubuque --
Yeah, and I'll bet his initials are Sidney J. Mussburger!
But, Al, it's the bunk! Norville showed me his design for the whatsit the day I met him! Why Buzz couldn't have invented it -- look at the man -- he's an imbecile!
-- and she's dynamite!
I know they're gonna buy that stock --
Ol' satchel-butt...
On Norville Barnes!
Ten dollars? Let's grab a highball!
A sawbuck!
He didn't offer you money.
I'm tellin' ya, this guy's just the patsy and I'm gonna find out what for. There's a real story, Smitty, some kind of plot, a setup, a cabal, a -- oh, and say, did I tell ya?!
Yeah, I was all wet about your idea man... Well, thanks for being so generous... It is human, and you are divine... No, he's no faker. He's the 100% real McCoy beware-of- imitations genuine article: the guy is a real moron --
About seven minutes.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, Smitty, the board of Hudsucker is up to something --
Lumbago.
Adenoids?
And is this guy from chumpsville?! I pulled the old mother routine --
Well that just about does it! I've seen Norville Barnes, the young man in a big hurry, and I've seen Norville Barnes the self-important heel, but I've never seen Norville Barnes the quitter, and I don't like it!
Aww, what's the difference. I'm all washed up... When you're dead, ya stay dead... Hey, fella!
Just give me another chance, Norville -- I can help you fight this thing. I know this last story was a lie! We can prove it! We can --
Hey! Where's that martini?!
Norville, I'm sorry, I... I tried to tell you... so many times... It's hard to admit when you've been wrong. If you could just... find it in your heart to -- to give me another chance --
Barman! Set'm up, fella!
Oh Norville, I --
...Oh, it's you! Lookin' for a nitwit to buy your lunch?!
Huh?!
Norville!
...You son of a --
Consider this my resignation --
Now, Amy --
Worked in a watch factory?
Shutup! -- after all! You haven't talked to me for a week and now I'm going to say my piece. I've got a prediction for you, Norville Barnes: I predict that since you've decided to dedicate yourself to greed and sloth and everything bad, you're going to lose all the good things that your good ideas brought you. You're going to throw them all away chasing after money and ease and the respect of a Board that wouldn't give you the time of day if you... if you...
Now, Aim --
Shutup! -- but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy! Well, maybe you're not so slow, but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after --
Now, Aim --
Shutup! -- and don't think I haven't noticed how you've changed. I used to think you were a swell guy -- well, to be honest I thought you were an imbecile --
Now, Aim --
...I've been watching you, Norville Barnes, even though you've been trying to avoid me --
You're awful kind to yourself, Norville Barnes -- the fact is you've slowed down, sitting up here like a sultan, not doing a lick of work! Why you know it's ideas that are the lifeblood of industry and you haven't come up with one since the hoop and the reason's plain to see! You've forgotten what made your ideas exciting for you in the first place -- it wasn't for the fame and the wealth and the mindless adulation of -- would you get out of here?!
We have to be realistic, Amy. You know things have slowed down a little here at Hudsucker --
Your i --
Know about it? You think the Board would do anything like this without my authorization? No, this was my idea from the start.
You mean you know about this?
Well yes, we're pruning away some of the dead wood, but if --
They're going to discharge eight percent of the work force here at Hudsucker. Why, in New York alone that means eighteen hundred people out of work, people with wives and children and families --
Well, I wouldn't call them nincom --
...You know what those nincompoops in the boardroom are doing?
Never mind about that...
Oh! Hello, Amy -- was it -- I thought she said, Mamie --
For Pete's sake, Norville!
Sure, Norville, sure...
Kiss me once, Amy! Kiss me once for luck!
Oh, Norville --
That's it. A great wheel that gives us each what we deserve...
Yeah, I think I've heard of that. What goes around comes around.
Well, can I at least call you deer? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Seriously, Amy, the whole thing is what your beatnik friends call 'karma' -- the great circle of life, death and rebirth.
I wish it were that simple, Norville. I wish I was still a gazelle, and you were an antelope or an ibex.
That kind of person would come back as a wildebeest, or a warthog. No, I think it more likely that you were a gazelle, with long, graceful legs, gamboling through the underbrush. Perhaps we met once, a chance encounter in a forest glade. I must have been an antelope or an ibex. What times we must have had -- foraging together for sustenance, picking the grubs and burrs from one another's coats. Or perhaps we simply touched our horns briefly and went our separate ways...
Norville, there really is something I have to tell you --
Oh no, Amy, pardon me for saying so but I find that very farfetched.
Oh, I don't know. Maybe I was just a fast-talking career gal who thought she was one of the boys --
What do you think you were in your previous life, Amy?
What a beautiful thought.
Well, the Hindus say -- and the beatniks also -- that in the next life some of us will come back as ants. Some will be butterflies. Others will be elephants or creatures of the sea.
...The people look like ants.
Well -- this year -- if it's good I plan to make it a tradition. Uh, my it certainly is beautiful --
Every year?
Yes, you can get carrot juice or Italian coffee, and the people there -- well, none of them quite fit in. You'd love it -- why don't you come there with me -- they're having a marathon poetry reading on New Year's Eve. I go every year.
You don't say.
Uh -- Yes. Seventeen. Yes, I -- well no, I -- I never really... There's a place I go now, the cutest little place near my apartment in Greenwich Village. It's called Ann's 440. It's a beatnik bar.
No! In Vidalia! Farm Route 17!
Oh yes! In Muncie!
You know, on farm route 17.
...Huh?
Didja ever go to the top of old man Larson's feed tower and look out over the town?
...Certain people are --
Norville, you can't trust people here like you did in Muncie...
Oh, I don't blame them, really. I guess I have sort of made a mess of things. These folks have to protect their investment. Most of them are very nice people --
I believe in you, Norville -- At least I believe in your... intentions --
I understand that you're not very skilled yet in the secretarial arts. I'm not that skilled as president. Oh sure, I put up a big front --  -- not that everyone's buying it.
...You do?
I know that, Amy.
Norville... there's something I have to tell you. You see, I'm not really a secretary.
Oh, it isn't your fault, Amy. You're the one person who's been standing by me through all this.
...I'm sorry.
Thanks. People seem to be pretty hot over this imbecile story.
Let me hold it, or you'll have a real shiner.
Sid found me the icepack.
Let me look.
Oh. Nothing, really, just... the more timid investors are no longer running for cover.
...What happened?
I bet that's exactly what she tells herself! But you and I both know she's just a dried-up bitter old maid. Say, how about you and I grab a little dinner and a show after work? I was thinking maybe The King and I --
Maybe she puts her work ahead of her personal appearance.
Exactly. And I bet she's ugly. Real ugly. Otherwise, why wouldn't they print her picture next to her byline?
Smitty.
Yeah, you know. Probably dresses in men's clothing, swaps drinks with the guys at the local watering hole, and hobnobs with some smooth talking heel in the newsroom named Biff or Smoocher or...
Oh, is that it!
Yeah, you know. Suffers from one of these complexes they have nowadays. Seems pretty obvious, doesn't it? She's probably very unattractive and bitter about it.
I'm quite sure I don't know what you mean.
Yeah, you know, probably one of these fast-talking career gals, thinks she's one of the boys. Probably is one of the boys, if you know what I mean.
Confused?
Well, it's done now -- what's the use of grousing about it. Forget the letter, Amy, I just had to blow off some steam...
Sure, but -- she could still have gotten your side for the record!
Well, she probably had a deadline...
Well, I don't know; maybe she does deserve it. Maybe she should've come in to face you man to man.
Aww, naw, Amy, that won't be necessary. I shouldn't send it; she's just doing her job, I guess.
...Why don't I just type this up...
...You know! For kids!
Oh sure, you're biased -- you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this?
Well, I --
Go on, tell the truth; I trust you and I put a lot of stock in your opinion.
I'm sure I --
...Well, you know me, Amy, at least better than that that dame does. Do you think I'm an imbecile?
Is that all, Mr. Barnes?
-- these preposterous inventions, would be better suited to the pages of Amazing Tales Magazine. If the editors of the Manhattan Argus see fit to publish the rantings of a disordered mind, perhaps they will see fit to publish this letter! But I doubt it. I most seriously doubt it. As I doubt also that you could find a home at Amazing Tales, a periodical which I have enjoyed for many years. Yours sincerely, et cetera.
-- or lack thereof?
The picture was fine! It's what that knuckle-headed dame wrote underneath! Of all the irresponsible... Amy, take this down: Dear Miss Archer. I call you 'Miss' because you seem to have 'missed' the boat completely on this one! How on earth would you know whether I'm an imbecile when you don't even have the guts to come in here and interview me man to man! No, change 'guts' to 'courage.' No, make it 'common decency.' These wild speculations about my intelligence --
Well, I... didn't bother to read the article. I didn't think the picture did you justice.
...Did you happen to see the front page of today's Manhattan Argus?
Please! Norville!
Well, I just don't know how to thank you, Mr. Barnes --
-- A Muncie girl! Can you beat that!
Of course -- I went to the Muncie, uh, Secretarial Polytechnic!
Oh, of all the foolish... Listen, do you take shorthand? Are you familiar with the mimeograph machine?
Don't bother to thank me, it's the easiest thing in the world. Matter of fact, I know where a vacancy just came up.
Oh, no, really, I --
...A Muncie girl! Talk about the cat's pyjamas! Tell you what, Amy. I'm gonna cancel the rest of my appointments this afternoon and get you a job here at the Hud.
Why yes, do you know it?
You're from Muncie?!
Mind if I join you?
-- these were the values that were instilled in me while I was growing up in a little town you've probably never heard of --
No thank you. Seek and ye shall find, work and ye shall prosper -- these were the watch words of my education, the ethics of my tender years --
Cigarette?
I myself --
A little naive perhaps but -- thank you -- armed with determination, a solid work ethic, and an indomitable belief in the future --
At any rate I arrived in town not ten days ago, full of dreams and aspirations, anxious to make my way in the world --
Oh, Buzz is pretty harmless, really --
What a horrible little person.
I don't want to bore you with all the sordid details of my life; it's not a happy story...
Hungry, anyway.
The couch, please.
Not at all. You're light as a feather.
I'm sorry we had to take the stairs. It was just that horrible little elevator boy...
Well, do a follow-up: Hoover: Hero or Mama's Boy? The rest of you bums get up off your brains and get me that Idea Man story!
I filed it yesterday.
Yeah, well, monkey or not I'm still editor of this rag. Amy, I thought you were doing that piece on the F.B.I. -- J. Edgar Hoover: When Will He Marry?
...On payday! The only story here is how this guy made a monkey out of you, Al.
Sez me! Amy Archer. Why is he an Idea Man -- because Hudsucker says he is? What're his ideas? Why won't they let anyone interview him?...
Sez who?
As a three-dollar bill.
Phony, huh?
I tell ya the guy's a phony.
Amy -- take a break. You've worked hard on this story -- heck, you broke it for us! But it's passed you by and Smith here has taken up the slack.
You're fools, both of you! It's obvious they're out to crucify Norville! They're trying to destroy him!
Whatever! It's no dig on you, Archer, but this story is hot and you're no longer on top of it. Why, it's the scoop of the century -- the other papers won't have the Gunderson dope 'til tomorrow -- The Allemeinischer Zeitung, Le Figaro, they'll be choking on our dust come mornin' --
Says who?!
Archer, you're a broken record. Fact is Gunderson did design it -- apparently he's some kind of prodigy --
He grins wolfishly.
You can't print that!
It's about a dimwitted editor who --
Watch it, Archer --
I've got an even hotter story -- The Sap from the City Desk.
Whatever. That's what sells newspapers.
Muncie.
I don't know...
You don't know anything! Fact is they haven't bought it! The stock is cheap, Archer! What're they waiting for?
It's pure speculation! Why, they'd have my butt in a satchel!
Why not, it's all true! The board is using this poor guy! They're depressing the stock so they can buy it cheap!
I can't print this!
Forty-eight years...
How long've you been down here?
Nooo, I don't guess you will be.
So ya see, I won't be in the mailroom long.
Terrific.
For instance, take a look at this sweet baby...
I'm sure you do.
I got big ideas, though!
Tell me about it.
Ya know, entry level!
Terrific.
Just got hired today!
Martinis are for squares, man.
I want a martini! On this bar, right now! I've had a martini in every bar on the way down here, and I'm not about to --
It's a juice and coffee bar, man, like I been tellin' ya --
What kind of bar is it if ya can't get a martini?!
Yeah, daddy, that's a roger, but we don't sell alcohol.
I thought you served misfits here!
Daddy, it's like I been tellin' ya --
I want a martini! It's New Year's Eve and I want a Martini!
It's the most beautiful t'ing I ever saw.
...It's the most beautiful t'ing I ever saw.
...Geez.
...Geez.
This you're familia' with.
This I know, Benny.
You know what they're doin' now, Lou.
What the heck they doin'?
What the heck's she doin', Lou?
But Buzz --
And Sid says you stole it!
But, Buzz, you know I never --
Say, that was a swell idea!
But, Buzz --
But he told me you stole that swell hoop idea from me. What gives!
Absolutely, Buzz, I'm glad he --
Sure, Mr. Muss -- uh, Sid said I could have the job back.
...It is?
Nah, that's all forgotten.
...You don't?
Aw, buddy, I don't care about that.
-- Uh... Buzz, I'm sorry, I -- Buzz, you gotta forgive me! I shouldn't a fired you, I didn't know what I was doing! I was a little funny in the head, I --
Buzz... off! Ha-ha-ha-ha!
I'm sorry, buddy... I'm sorry...
We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries! Get out of my office! Leave your uniform in the locker room!
I understand if ya don't like the Buzz-Sucker! Just lemme keep my job, I'm prayin' to ya!
Get up!
Aw, please, sir -- this job, it's all I got!
And don't call me buddy! Out of here! Out!
Awwww, buddy --
Fired! You're fired! Is that plain enough for you, buster!
Wuddya mean, buddy?
An example must be made!
Geez, I'm sorry, buddy --
-- I can't have every deadbeat on the Hudsucker payroll pestering me with their idiotic brainwaves!
But, buddy, you were --
And what do you mean barging in here and taking up my valuable time! I've got a company to run here --
But, buddy --
...say, the hula hoop such a success.
Nobody wants a hare-brained product like this! Ya see, Buzz, it lacks the creative spark, the unalloyed genius that made, uh...
Yeah, but, buddy --
This is the most idiotic thing I've ever seen in my life!
Huh?! But, buddy --
...Why, this is worthless.
I like to think so! It's this little idea I been working on!
Oh, uh... Buzz... Is it important?
Roast tom turkey. Gee, I'm hungry too --
My pleasure, sir.
Waring Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy! When is the sidewalk fully dressed? When it's 'wearing' Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha!
Well, I --
Say, buddy! Who's the most liquid businessman on the street?
Waring Hudsucker! Na-ha-ha-ha-ha! Say, buddy!
I --
Forty-four, the top brass floor say, buddy! What takes fifty years to get up to the top floor and thirty seconds to get down?
Forty-fourth floor, and it's very --
...What's your pleasure, buddy?
'...But Sid, let me urge you to work closely with the new president, and to keep giving Hudsucker Industries all your energies -- but not your soul. For while we must strive for success, we must not worship it. Long live the Hud. Waring Hudsucker...'
...Yeah, go ahead.
-- tough titty toenails!
'...And so, Sid, the future does not belong to such as I -- nor even you. We have made our compromises with time. The future belongs to the young, who may more energetically wage the battle against corruption. Accordingly, in the spirit of hope, and the ringing in of the new, I hereby bequeath my entire interest in the company, and my seat on the board, to whomever is Hudsucker's most recent employee at the time of my demise. I know this will disappoint you -- you, Sid, who have served so diligently and for so long. But --'
'Many years, uh... I know that you will be wondering why I have decided to move on, ending my tenure at Hudsucker, and here on Earth. You will be thinking, Why now, when things are going so well? Granted, from the standpoint of our balance sheet and financials, sure, sure, we're doing fine. However, Sid. These things have long since ceased to give me pleasure. I look at myself now and no longer see the idealistic young man who started this company. Now I see only an empty shell whom others call a 'success.' How has this come to pass? When and why did I trade all of my hopes, dreams and aspirations, for the emptiness of power and wealth? What the heck have I done?
Yeah, yeah, it's the standard resignation boilerplate -- go down to the second paragraph.
'From the desk of Waring Hudsucker. To. Sidney J. Mussburger. Regarding. My demise. Dear Sid. By the time you read this, I will have joined the organization upstairs -- an exciting new beginning. I will retain fond memories of the many years you and I -- '
Yes sir...
Yeah, go ahead. Might learn somethin'.
Sir?
Well, why don't ya read it.
Yessir.
Ah, it's New Year's, I'm not gonna add to your woes. I'm just saying.
Geez, I --
Failure to deliver a Blue Letter is grounds for dismissal.
Oh, geez.
It's sittin' in your apron pocket, right where you left it. Imbecile.
Huh? Oh, geez, Mr. Hudsucker, I apologize, there was an awful lot of excitement and I guess I must've mislaid --
Anyway. Any particular reason you didn't give him my Blue Letter? I mean, Jesus, Norman, just a dying man's last words and wishes, no big deal.
Yes sir...
Mm. Well, say what you like about the man's ethics, he's a balls-to- the-wall businessman. Beat ya any way he can. Straight for the jugular. Very effective.
Norville.
...Jesus Christopher -- That smarts... Where was I? Oh yeah, the board. I guess Sidney's been puttin' the screws to ya, huh, Norman?
I don't care if you're president of the company! I need that voucher! Now!
But look, I'm president of the company now and I --
I need that voucher! I told you a week ago it was important!
...Well, I'm not sure where I --
Barnes! Where the hell have you been! And where's my voucher?!
Good afternoon to ya, this is Norville Barnes --
Yeah?
...This'll only take a moment.
You have a charming wife, Mr. Muss -- uh, Sid.
Well, frankly, I...
Sidney and I are planning a trip to Paris and points continental -- Aren't we, dear?
I haven't had --
I'm brushing up on my French with the most charming man, Pierre of Fifth Avenue. Do you know him?
Disappointment? J'etais destroyee! I was in bed for a week! Positively sick with fury! I called in the gardener and said, 'Monsieur Gonzalez, either those azaleas come up next spring or you are terminee!
That must have been quite a disappointment, Mrs. Mussburger.
-- So we'd gone out to the Hamptons and the garden was in positive ruins!
Ah forget it, kid, ya don't have to explain to me. He's a little person. He's nothing. Like I say, ordinarily it would just be a nuisance. But it seems -- well, there was a spy in the company...
Huh?! He -- no, I -- he's just -- maybe I was a little rough on the boy, ya see I --
It's not important in itself -- some elevator boy you fired came to me claiming you'd stolen the idea for the, uh, the hoop dingus from him --
How's that, Sid?
Mm. Ordinarily I wouldn't bother you with it, but -- this is embarrassing, kid -- it seems to concern you directly.
Ya don't say.
Sure, sure, it's a tough course. Well thanks for coming, kid. I thought the board room would be a swell place to chat undisturbed -- it seems we're having some security problems here at the Hud.
Sorry I'm late, Sid. That back nine at Riverdale is really murder.
Well... I'm for it...
...Congratulations, kid, you've really outdone yourself. Reinvented the wheel. I'm going to recommend to the Board that we proceed immediately with this, uh... with the, uh... that the dingus be mass-produced with all deliberate speed. Of course, as president of the company the ultimate decision is yours.
-- So if you think it's appropriate, I'd like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch --
Finally.
-- But there's such an enormous potential profit-wise given the demographics -- baby boom -- discretionary income in the burgeoning middle class --
Damnit, where's my car!
Thank you, Sid, but the reason I mention it is, it would require such a small capital investment -- again, you're the expert here --
I do remember and I was impressed. Anyway, that's all forgotten now. Driver!
...You don't happen to remember the plan I outlined to you the day I set fire to your off -- uh, the day I was promoted?
Okay, Sid. Like I said, you're the expert, but --
Relax, Norville. It's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover.
Lobby. We haven't got all day.
That reminds me, Mr. Mu... uh, Sid. I never did give you that--
Oh my God, sir!
My God! The Bumstead contracts!
Sir, my leg is on fire!
Up on your feet! We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries!
But, sir!
Not that way! Through the door!
Oh my God, sir!
Why you nitwit. You almost destroyed the most sensitive deal of my career!
Oh my God, sir!
You nitwit! I worked for three years on this deal!
Oh my God, sir!
My God! The Bumstead contracts!!
Get out of my sight.
But --
Get your feet off that desk.
But, sir! --
You're fired.
Sir! They voted me most likely to succeed!
Not even behind your back?
No, sir.
...'Shnook'? 'Dope'? 'Dipstick'? 'Lamebrain'?
Sure, sure. And did your classmates there call you 'jerk' or...  ...'schmoe'?
At the Muncie College of Business Administration.
Hmmm.
Well, I made the dean's list.
All right, but you didn't excel in your studies...?
Well, I'm a college graduate --
...education, were you?
Wait a minute!
...You know, for kids! Which is perfect for Hudsucker -- not that I claim to be any great genius; like they say, inspiration is 99 percent perspiration, and in my case I'd say it's at least twice that, but I gotta tell ya, Mr. Mussburger, sir, this sweet baby --
You --
You, maybe you're the company's biggest moron. We can't use Morris, he's been with us too long, he's a nice guy, too many friends. Matter of fact, why don't you fire him. No -- scratch that; I'll fire him.  ...Make it fast, make it fast.
I --
Tell him I'll be right there...  Well, what is it?
I --
...Who let you in?
She's damn good, Lou.
She's good, Bennie.
She is!
She isn't!
He don't look wise.
Maybe he's wise.
No, Bennie: Lumbago.
...adenoids.
...Her mother needs an operation...
She's got other problems, of course...
He notices.
Hello, Niagara.
Old Faithful.
Yellowstone.
Plan two: Here come the waterworks.
He don't look wise.
Maybe he's wise.
...He's not noticing, Benny.
The mark notices.
...No money.
She looks in her purse...
...and awduhs a light lunch.
She sits down.
She finds him.
She's looking for her mark.
Twenty bucks says not here she don't find one.
Ten bucks says she's looking for a handout.
There's one in every story.
...Enter the dame.
Fah from it...
Ya get the special?
No kiddin', Bennie. I got gas.
Yeah, tell me about it.
I got gas, Bennie.
Yes, Miss Betsy.  I mean that.  The Houngan will speak to the rada drums and the drums will speak to Shango and Damballa.
Are you trying to tell me that the Houngan -- the voodoo priest -- could cure Mrs. Holland?
No.  She was mindless but not like Miss Jessica.  But the Houngan cured her.
You mean Mama Rose was like Mrs. Holland?
They even cure nonsense, Miss Betsy.  Mama Rose was mindless.  I was at the Houmfort when the Houngan brought her mind back.
That's nonsense, Alma.
At the Houmfort.
Where?
There are other doctors...Yes, other doctors...Better doctors...
What do you mean -- "doctors that are people"?
Doctors that are people can't cure everything.
Doctors and nurses can only do so much, Alma.  They can't cure everything.
Things so bad, nobody can help -- not even Doctor Maxwell.
Looks like an awful lot of breakfast -- I don't know whether I'll be able to get away with it.
A puff-up, I call it.  But Miss Jessica always says "brioche."
What's this?
I do my best.  Every day I dress her just as beautifully as if she was well.  It's just like dressing a great, big doll.
We'll see if we can't make her well, Alma, you and I.
She was very sick and then she went mindless, Miss.
She must have been beautiful.  What happened to her, Alma?
Miss Jessica used to say this is the only way for a lady to break her fast -- in bed, with a lacy cushion to bank her head up. If you'd only seen her, Miss Connell. She looked so pretty.
Thank you, Alma.
I know, miss.  But I like to do it. I like to tend for Miss Jessica and I want to tend for you.  You settle right back, now, and I'll mix you your coffee.
But I'm Miss Jessica's nurse, Alma. You don't have to do that for me.
I didn't want to frighten you out of your sleep, Miss.  That's why I touched you farthest from your heart.
Thank you for waking me.
Good morning, miss.
If you say, miss.  If you say.
But they came to a beautiful place, didn't they?
If you say, miss.  And the enormous boat brought the long-ago Fathers and the long-ago Mothers of us all - chained down to the deep side floor.
You mean a figurehead.
No, miss.  He's just as he was in the beginning -- on the front part of an enormous boat.
Alive?
A man, miss -- an old man who lives in the garden at Fort Holland - with arrows stuck in him and a sorrowful, weeping look on his black face.
Ti-Misery?  What's that?
Times gone, Fort Holland was a fort...now, no longer.  The Holland's are a most old family, miss.  They brought the colored people to the island-- the colored folks and Ti-Misery.
Mrs. Rand was at the Houmfort that night.  But there's nothing wrong with that.  She's gone there for years -- trying to take care of those people,  to help them.
You must, Betsy. They'll have to believe you.
Mrs. Rand...
That's sweet of you, Mrs. Rand.
Why, Betsy -- we can't lose you. You mean too much to us here.
Perhaps not.  But I did come here and I found it was so simple to let the gods speak through me. Once started, it seemed such an easy way to do good.  I should have known there was no easy way to do good, Betsy.
But you didn't have to come up here.
-- and when my husband died I felt helpless. They disobeyed me -- things went from bad to worse. All my husband's dreams of good health, good sanitation, good morals for these sweet and gentle people seemed to die with him.  Then, almost accidentally, I discovered the secret of how to deal with them. There was a girl with a baby -- again and again I begged her to boil the drinking water. She never would. Then I told her the god, Shango, would be pleased and kill the evil spirits in the water if she boiled it. She boiled the water from then on.
I asked you to let me explain. It's a long story.  And not an easy one --
But how did you get here? What are you doing here?
I knew you'd come. And I knew I'd have to come up here and talk to you. I couldn't let you go back without any word. I came to tell you again -- Jessica cannot be cured.
But, Mrs. Rand --
Wait. Don't draw any conclusions. Let me explain.
Mrs. Rand.
Her son drowned.  She brooded until her mind was affected. All the Houngan did was coax her out of it with a little practical psychology.
I heard the servants talking about someone called Mama Rose. They said she had been "mindless"...
Frankly, my dear, I didn't expect anything like this from a nice level-headed girl.  What are you driving at?
I don't mean believe, like believing in a religion.  I mean, do you believe it has power?  Do you think it could heal a sick person?
A missionary's widow?  It isn't very likely, is it?
You don't believe in it?
Haven't I?  I suppose I take it for granted. It's just part of everyday life here.
You've never said anything about voodoo before, Mrs. Rand.
Some of this native nonsense. The Houngan has his prescription and Dr. Maxwell and I have ours.
Try it -- you may have more influence than you think.
I've no influence with Mr. Holland.
Use your influence with Paul.  Ask him to take that whiskey decanter off the dinner table.
I'd love to.
So -- he says I'm nice.  He's a nice boy, too, Miss Connell, a very nice boy.  But I'm worried about his drinking.
Thank you, Mrs. Rand.  I think you're every bit as nice as Wes says you are.
Nonsense, child!  I know Wesley's been drinking too much lately.  I know a great deal more about what goes on at Fort Holland than you'd think.  I know all about you -- that you're a nice girl, competent and kind to Jessica.  The Fort needs a girl like you.  But now we've got to get you back there.  I'll walk you back and stay over night.  It'll be a nice change for me.
Believe me, Mrs. Rand, he doesn't do this often. This is the first time I've seen him --
Come, come, don't tell me how sorry you are that I should meet you this way.  I'm even a little glad that Wesley's difficulty brought us together.
Oh, Mrs. Rand --
I really intended going out to the Fort and meeting you long before this, Miss Connell.  I'm Mrs. Rand -- Wesley's mother.
Ti-Joseph?
I'm afraid so.
I think you need some help.
I would have stayed anyway, Dr. Maxwell.
Miss Connell's testimony will be very important.
It's the very danger itself that makes the cure possible, Mr. Holland.  The insulin produces a state of coma, a stupor.  The patient is revived from the coma by a violent overwhelming nerve shock. That nerve shock can kill -- but it can also restore the damaged mind.
I've worked with it.  I've seen cures. It is at least a hope.
Thank you.
I prepared these for you last night, Miss Connell.
Fortunately, not.  This is my first experience with it as a physician. But I have seen half-witted field hands -- whom the other peasants call Zombies.  I am sure they suffer from a similar destruction of spinal nerves as the result of high fever.
Is this disease common in the tropics?
I've never heard of a cure.
She can never be cured?
I don't know.  I prefer to think of her as a sleepwalker who can never be awakened -- feeling nothing, knowing nothing.
Does she suffer?
That's rather nice, isn't it?
But it's so far away...
A year's contract -- a trip with all expenses paid -- that's not so bad, you know.
The West Indies?
No, this is quite final.  You see, Mr. Holland is a sugar planter.  He lives in St. Sebastian Island in the West Indies.
That will mean another interview, won't it?
I'm afraid I'm not able to tell you much. Only that the patient is a young woman -- the wife of a Mr. Paul Holland with whom we do considerable business.
That is good.  But I'd like to know more about the case.
Very well.  That means that you have met all Mr. Holland's requirements.  Now, as to salary -- it's quite good -- two hundred dollars a month.
They didn't teach it at Memorial Hospital.  I had my suspicions, though, about the Directress of Training.
At the Memorial Hospital -- here in Ottawa.
Where were you trained?
Yes.
You're single?
Jessica was never any good for Paul.  You will be, you are.  And Mother -- seeing Jessica day after day -- never able to escape, never able to forget.  Please, Betsy -- it's only merciful.
No, Wes.
Please, Wes, do as I ask.  You must rest, you must sleep.
You know what she is!  That's death -- no mind, no senses -- no love, no hate, no feeling -- nothing!
But she's not dead, Wes.
She's dead.  The dead ought to be buried.
Not to a nurse.  Sleep is a cure.
She hated sleep.  She used to say it was a thief -- stealing away her life, an hour at a time...
I don't know.  I once asked Dr. Maxwell the same question.  He said he thought she was like a sleepwalker who would never waken.
Does she suffer?  Does she know what she is?
Of course, Wes.
Betsy, can I talk to you a minute?
One of these days he'll start on you, the way he did on her.  "You think life's beautiful, don't you, Jessica?  You think you're beautiful, don't you, Jessica?"  What he could do to that word "beautiful." That's Paul's great weapon -- words.  He uses them the way other men use their fists.
I'd like to go now, Rand.  Would you mind taking me home?
That's right -- he's playing the noble husband for you, isn't he? That won't last long.
That doesn't sound like him.
Why?  Everybody else knows it. Paul saw to that.  Sometimes I think he planned the whole thing from the beginning -- just to watch me squirm.
I wish I hadn't heard --
Did you hear what he sang?
Don't let it bother you so, Wes.
Wait. I want to listen.
Listen, did I tell you that story about the little mule at the plantation -- the little mule and Clement?  Let me tell you.  It's one of the funniest stories --
I'm a nurse.  I always watch people when they pour something.  I watched Ti-Joseph and it was exactly two ounces.
How do you know there's two ounces in a drink?
Higher mathematics.  Two ounces to a drink -- three drinks, six ounces.
What in the world are you talking about?  Six ounces -- ?
It must be hard work entertaining me if it requires six ounces of rum.
Bring me another, Ti-Joseph.  I have to keep the lady entertained.
By a curious coincidence, it's my day off, too.
But don't you have to work?
Well -- and things -- might be a better description of what you'll find.  I'd better come along and show you the town.
I was just beginning to wonder. Aren't there shops, restaurants and things?
But what in the world can you do with a day off in St. Sebastian?
It's my day off.
Where do you think you're going?
It'll wait.
Perhaps you ought to get on to the mill.
Ah, yes, our Paul, strong and silent and very sad -- quite the Byronic character. Perhaps I ought to cultivate it.
I don't know.  He spoke to me last night on the boat. I liked him very much.
Yes, the redoubtable Paul.  He has the plantation, and I, as you must have noticed, have all the charm.
Mr. Holland?
Don't worry.  I wasn't missed.  The only important man here is the owner.
Of course.  It's been nice of you to spend this much time with me.
As a matter of fact, it means the sugar syrup is ready to be poured off.  You'll have to excuse me.
We're half-brothers.  Paul is mother's first child.  When his father died, she married my father. Dr. Rand, the missionary.  And you know what they say about missionaries' children.
I wondered about your different accents.  I'm still wondering about your names -- Rand and Holland.
I went to school in Buffalo.  Paul went to school in England.
-- But, you're an American?
My brother's wife.
Thank you.  But who sits there? 
And that --  is my chair.  And this --  is Miss Connell -- who is beautiful.
I like her already.
No -- she just runs the place. She's everything else -- amazing woman, mother.  You'll like her.
Is she a doctor?
And that chair --  is the particular property of Mrs. Rand -- mother to both of us and much too good for either of us. Too wise, in fact, to live under the same roof. She prefers the village dispensary.
Yes -- on the boat.
It seems we are having dinner by ourselves, Miss Connell.  But I may as well introduce everyone to you, anyway.  There -- in the master's chair, sits the master -- my half-brother Paul Holland.  But you've already met him.
I guess I'll wait until I'm home, Mrs. Rand.
Considering that the paper is three months old and this isn't Sunday -- no thank you.
Yes.
You want that?
I want you to be safe, Betsy.  I want to know you're away from this place -- home again, where nothing can harm you -- nothing and no one.
That's past -- that's over and done with...
I remember words I said to Jessica - words mixed like to poison -- to hurt her, to madden her.
Don't, Paul -- don't doubt yourself -- don't make me doubt you.
The night you came to me in this room -- to comfort me, to help me -- I turned you away.
You wanted to warn me...
No.  It's not just how I felt toward Jessica.  I've been cruel to even you.
I can understand that.  Everyone feels that way about someone.
How do you know I'm not?  I was cruel to Jessica.  When I got to know her -- when I found out how empty and ungenerous she was, there was something about her -- something smooth and false -- that made we want to hurt her.
You can't believe that.  You don't know what viciousness it would take to drive a person mad.  You're not vicious or cruel, Paul.
I have no defense.  So far as I know -- it is true.
I still can't believe it Paul -- that you wouldn't say a word in your own defense.
I hated her.
She was beautiful.
You think I love Jessica and want her back. It is like you to think that -- clean, decent thinking.
What I saw the other night, I didn't dare believe, Betsy --
You know why.  You saw it the other night at the piano.  You turned away from me.
Because you wanted to give my wife back to me?  Why should that mean anything to you?
I told you.
You have deliberately endangered Mrs. Holland's life.  There's no telling what you may have started with this insanity.  Why did you do it?
I took Mrs. Holland to the Houmfort.  I thought they might cure her.
Help me? How?
I wanted to help you.
Instead -- you come, with sympathy, Betsy, and a generous heart. Don't forget that.  Don't call it nothing.
And instead,  I came -- bringing you nothing.
I've been waiting here for hours, trying to imagine Jessica well again -- wondering what I'd feel. I could see Jessica as she used to be, I could hear her say in that sweet mocking voice, "Paul, darling..."  The whole thing beginning all over again...
I imagined this so differently...
Don't take it to heart, Betsy.
She is alive, Mr. Holland -- that's all.
Well?
Didn't I?  I don't know.  That's the simple truth of it.  I don't know.
You didn't drive her mad.
What you saw tonight -- two brothers at each other's throat and a woman driven mad by her own husband?  Do you love that?
I love Fort Holland.
You have helped me.  I want you to know I'm sorry I brought you here. When I thought of a nurse, I thought of someone hard and impersonal.
I don't know.  I wanted to help you. And now that I'm here, I don't know how.
Why did you come in here?
I know what you went through tonight.  I kept thinking of what you said: that all good things died here, violently.
I often do.
I heard you playing.
I'm afraid it's not very frightening.  They have their songs and dances and carry on and finally, as I understand it, one of the gods comes down and speaks through one of the people.
You don't seem very disturbed by it.  I've always thought Voodoo was something to be scared of: the drums sounded in the hills and everybody was frightened.
I'm afraid the decanter will have to stay where it is.  I engaged you, Miss Connell, to take care of my wife, not my brother.
Still, I feel you should remove the decanter.  Wes is not an alcoholic yet, Mr. Holland. But as a nurse I can tell you that it won't be long before he is.
I've no sympathy with people who can't resist temptation.
But for Wes -- it must be a temptation to him.
It's always stood there, Miss Connell.  I can remember it in my grandfather's time and my father's. I'm afraid it will have to remain.
Yes, he can.  But I've been wondering -- you know if you could leave the whisky decanter off the table --
Wesley can be very entertaining.
Well, I had a good time up to a point.
I heard about your little misadventure yesterday, Miss Connell.  On your first "day off," too.
Good morning.
Good morning, Miss Connell.
Don't.  It will save you a great deal of trouble and other people a great  unhappiness.
I've never given it much thought.
And charming?
I suppose so.  Yes.
Many people thought her beautiful.
Mrs. Holland must have been beautiful ---
You didn't find your patient so frightening in the daylight, did you?
Why should you be?  My wife is a mental case.  Please keep that in mind, Miss Connell -- particularly when some of the foolish people of this island start talking to you about Zombies.
I'm sorry...
A mental case?
Of course not!
Surely nurses aren't afraid of the dark?
Nothing -- really.  But you must admit it's an eerie sort of place -- so dark --
And what is so alarming about the tower, Miss Connell?
If I were as timid as you seem to think, Mr. Holland, I wouldn't have gone into the tower in the first place.
That's hard to believe, after what happened last night.
I am not a frightened girl.
I made it clear in my letter to the company.  This is not a position for a frightened girl.
Yes.  But it was once the figurehead of a slave ship.  That's where our people came from -- from the misery and pain of slavery. For generations they found life a burden. That's why they still weep when a child is born -- and make merry at a burial.
A figure of St. Sebastian.
I'm not sure I can make you understand.  You know what this is?
Why was the maid crying?
A woman crying?  No one's been crying here.
I heard someone crying -- a woman --
No, thank you.  Tomorrow's time enough for you to begin work.
Can't I take it for you?
Yes, thank you.
Have the servants made you comfortable?
You can't really believe that.
It's easy enough to read the thoughts of a newcomer. Everything seems beautiful because you don't understand.  Those flying fish -- they are not leaping for joy. They're jumping in terror.  Bigger fish want to eat them. That luminous water -- it takes its gleam from millions of tiny dead bodies. It's the glitter of putrescence.  There's no beauty here -- it's death and decay.
You read my thoughts, Mr. Holland.
It is not beautiful.
You were possessed.  That is true -- possessed by your subconscious mind.  You were in the Houmfort, surrounded by their symbols.  To them, nothing worse can happen to a person than to be made into a Zombie.  Your subconscious mind used their own words for evil.
But I had no thought of harming her.  It wasn't I...
Two things had happened, Mrs. Rand. One was that your daughter-in-law had been taken ill with a fever. The other thing -- completely disconnected -- was that you had wished her ill, because she had hurt your sons.
Yes, I said it, and I made myself believe it. But when I got here, Jessica was already raging with fever.
Ah -- that's where reason took hold.
I hated myself.  I kept saying to myself over and over again that these people had no power; they had no strange drugs; that there is no such thing as a Zombie.
And what happened then, Mrs. Rand?
It's more than that, Doctor.  I've entered into their ceremonies - pretended to be possessed by their gods...
I think I do.  I've often talked a little voodoo to get medicine down a patient's throat.
I am afraid, Wesley, he has that right.  And I will have to urge him to use it.
Wesley!
I'm quite sure nothing will happen, Doctor.
This is something else.  They're curious.  Curiosity and religious fervor make a strange and explosive mixture.
I wouldn't worry too much, Commissioner.  It'll pass.  We've had this sort of thing before.
Emotion tricks all of us, Mrs. Rand.  And you are a woman with a very strong conscience.  That conscience has been tormenting you. The rest is coincidence.  There is no such thing as a Zombie.  The dead do not come back to life. Death is final.
Dr. Maxwell is right, Mother.
Maybe it's better this way, Mother. I'm glad you're going home, Betsy -- you'll be out of the mess.
I did everything I could to forestall this, Paul.  I don't think there's any question of your innocence in the matter.  But there's been too much talk.  The thing's out of hand.
In other words, I'm on trial.
Of the nature of Mrs. Holland's illness.  And, of course, the events which led up to it.
Investigation of what?
In view of all the circumstances, the commissioner has decided on a legal investigation.
What about her?
No -- it's about Mrs. Holland.  A result of our discussion the other day, I'm afraid.
An accident at the mill?
Paul, we're not trying to blame Miss Connell.  It isn't a question of blame.  It's a question of what we are to do with Jessica.  The commissioner is very concerned.
But I assure you, Father Walters, Miss Connell had no idea of the consequences when she went there.
Technical responsibility, real responsibility -- what difference does it make?  Jessica lives -- or she dies. That's what we're talking about!
It is a hard decision to make -- but yours is only a technical responsibility...
I don't know -- I don't know--
You admit that it is terribly dangerous. Why do you advise it?
Insulin shock treatment is an extreme measure, Mr. Holland. But -- as Miss Connell pointed out when she suggested it -- this is an extreme case.
All that you say comes down to the same thing.  You are asking me to pass a sentence of life or death on my own wife.
Foolish?  Tell them how foolish it is, Paul -- tell them!
That could be a serious accusation, Rand, if it weren't a foolish one.
Because he drove Jessica insane -- deliberately -- coldly!
Why?
I tell you he hasn't and he wouldn't dare use it if he had.
It doesn't matter what you call it. I can tell you right now Jessica isn't going!
I believe there's a kinder name for it, Wesley. At St. Thomas, it's called the Institute for Mental Therapy.
To the asylum?
If I were as sure as you, Mrs. Rand, we wouldn't be here.  I'll tell you quite bluntly: for the peace of the island and possibly for her own safety, we've come to ask you to send Mrs. Holland away to St. Thomas.
No.  You're quite wrong.  Right here's the seat of the trouble. Mrs. Holland has become an object of speculation and religious interest to these people.  It's revived all their old superstitions -- Zombies -- and that sort of nonsense.
Well, Jeffries, why come to us about it?  Why don't you go up to the Houmfort and put a stop to the drumming and dancing -- that's what causes all the trouble.
That night, I went to the Houmfort. I kept seeing Jessica's face -- smiling -- smiling because two men hated each other -- because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart. The drums seemed to be beating in my head.  The chanting -- the lights --  everything blurred together.  And then I heard a voice, speaking in a sudden silence.  My voice.  I was possessed.  I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie.
That isn't true.  You never understood her.
Betsy, tell them about the Houmfort.  Tell them what you saw there.
Are you going to lie for him, Mother?
You're wrong, Wesley.  The guilt is mine -- all of it.
We're all in it.  There won't be a shred of pride or decency left for any of use.  Say something, Paul!  You've always been good with words.  Put some together, now, and tell us that you're not responsible -- that every damnable bit of it doesn't rest squarely on your shoulders!
Dr. Maxwell has very unpleasant news for us.
Dr. Maxwell -- it's nice to see you.
In Rhode Island with the folks. I'm a free agent tonight.
Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am.  Say, where's the wife?
Well, gonna make a break for the hors d'oeuvres guy.
Yeah, good.
Don't see how. I think the public's had its fill of this gangster stuff. No, trust me -- disaster pics. And air hockey.
Darned right. Look here, Benj, whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather? You think it's gonna work?
Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer, Jim Williams, eh?
Well, it's the funniest thing. I've been talking to some investors -- a little outside venture, you understand, between you and me -- about a scheme to manufacture a new Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut like pieces that can really keep an item free from trauma during shipping. Miraculous. Anyway, it turns out the genius behind the whole project is your neighbor, Jim Williams. How about that!
Clair, George Clair! What the hell brings you to New Canaan?
Benjie!
Up the organization!  Bastard.
Right o'.
Got a meeting uptown.
Brilliant. Hey, you heading out a little early today?
Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway. I'm advising the company recommend reducing positions there. It's disaster films that are gonna stay at the top.
Ben you know that's your territory - and I wouldn't dream to trespass - you're the expert. Hey, how do you think Paramount's gonna do with that Blatty novel, what's it called? The Exorcist?
Gotcha George, not a problem. Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start covering the old filmed entertainment sector yourself?
And speaking of which, you have those market share charts Mr. Shackley was asking about?
Paul? Yeah. You think --
Oh you know, for a minute I thought it was --
Ben, I don't think he wants us here.
Yeah. Well, we can just --
The phone's out.
Do you think? Maybe we should call someone --
We'll talk in the morning.
Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in the morning?
You'll get some sleep on the couch out there?
Ben.
I'll drive you --
Ben, I've got a ride home. Maybe you should sleep this one off on the couch here?
Elena.
We're not going anywhere.
Ready to go?
Thanks for the diagnosis, Ben. Thank you. So let's just go to this fiasco if that's what you want to do. Let's just go on in. I'd rather talk to anyone else but you.
Elena, you're just getting wound up to get wound up.
Well, I'm really pleased to hear a confession.
Elena, it's not what you think. It's not a big plot. Honestly. Honestly. I don't know if you want to go over this now, but it's just something that comes over me. I don't feel good about it. I know I've done what I didn't want to do. I don't know --
Elena.
You have some marker, that's what I think, if you want to know the truth. You have some marker and you're going to put it on the house keys so that Janey can find them and then when I get back to the house I'll find the two of you in there and Wendy'll be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he'll hear you and I'll catch you, that's what I think. She'll be swearing and banging against the wall and I'll catch --
I'm not.
You're not going to --
I'm not staying at this party so we can go home with someone else's wife. That's not why we're here, right? We're simply being neighbors here, and I think we should do just that --
Damn it, Ben --
I think we're here and we don't have to stay -- we ought simply to put in an appearance and then we can head home.
Well?
Yeah, well, if we'd understood we could have invented some kind of excuse. A key party -- did you see how stuffed that bowl was already?
That this was going to be a key party?
I know, I know. I had no idea --
This just isn't the best moment for this.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll be right back, Dot.
In the car.
You've...
Benjamin. That's supposed to explain it?
Sure I do. Do I know what loneliness feels like? Sure I do. I know a lot about it, if that's what you mean.
Oh lord. You think I'm so dense. And now you want to be seen with your dense wife at the cocktail party. You want to wear that ridiculous shirt which doesn't go with those pants at all. You want to wear that, and you want me to shake hands with your friends and make conversation and dress up in an outfit that shows a lot of cleavage and you're not going to accord me the respect of talking honestly about this... You don't really know what this feels like.
What else could I be? What else could I be? We're not living in the real world here. You're living out some fantasy land from the past, or some advice or something from those psychoanalysts... there are some hard facts here.
If you're going to insult me --
Well, what kind of faithfulness are you after?
It's a starting place.
Am I unfaithful? Is that what you're trying to say?
Your unfaithfulness -- that's what I'm trying to talk about. Your unfaithfulness. Your betrayal. Your dalliance. And you won't do me the dignity of being up front about it.
Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again --
I'm not surprised.
Elena, what are you're talking about?
Don't be dim.
What do you mean?
It wouldn't make a pleasant evening, if that's what you're after. I don't want to talk about it. Stupid mustache cup.
What's on your mind? Don't --
I have no idea.
You think I --
Don't start.
No advice from the experts, huh?
See for yourself.
What's for dessert?
That one.
Yeah, that one.
Oh right. The mustache coffee cup. The one that was sitting on the dash.
Oh, just dropping off a coffee cup. Jim left it, last time he was over. It was on the dash of the car. You were, you know, reading, thought I'd just catch some air. Let's eat.
So what were you doing in the Williams' basement anyway?
I get you loud and clear... hey, you look nice.
Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that.
In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well, I really let him have it!  ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your -
You go dry off now.
Dinner in ten minutes.
Stuffed and baking.
The turkey in?
Leave it -- I'll wash it for you.
What?
That shirt?
Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this thing to the Halford's Friday.
Hell, I know. I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got --  Oh hell! I've got to pick up Paul. I almost forgot.
I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's just that we've got to be honest. Not just with ourselves, but with the children.
You have to bring this up now? What? Did I do something here? Is that it? Is it something I did?
No, I didn't mean to sound negative. It was -- But Ben.  What is going to happen with us? Have you --
Whatever that means Elena -- And you complain about me not communicating... I thought it was --
I'm just sad Ben -- I mean it was... you were, but, you know. I just don't know...
You crying?
Ben, maybe no talking right now? If you start talking, you're going to--
You know Elena, I've been thinking--
I... I think I am...
I do. I'm -- are you...?
Because you like it on your turkey sandwiches.
Um, yes.
Oh. Sure, I -- Did you remember to pick up the cranberry sauce?
You all right there?
Hmm. Good night.
Oh yeah. Musk, or something. You like it?
Rough day. Good night.
So early?
I'm, uh, going to bed.
Well, it is a neighborhood tradition.
What do you think?
You want to go?
The Halfords have invited us again this year.
Good night.
Good night.
Elena.
-- And you haven't moved out yet. It's because you're too lazy, Ben. Too scared or lazy to either deal with us or simply make a decision --
Yeah but Elena, even you don't believe all that "I'm OK. You're OK" stuff you keep babbling about -- you say so yourself. I've been all ears for about ten years now on his subject, and --
It's you Ben who needs to talk. I've had my say, and I'm waiting to hear back from you.
Oh not again Elena! If we've got problems, why can't you just come out and talk about them.
So maybe you'll come too?
Then again, why should she be? I mean with us, with our...
Why shouldn't she be?
I did, but -- somebody should probably see her, talk to her... You think she's ok?
That shrink -- the one you always wanted me to see? I thought you dropped him.
I've been thinking, Ben, about Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr. Woolens.
I wasn't star--
You're staring at me.
And as usual no one believed me...
Don't be so modest, Ben. It's a job that requires a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trends. You were the first to predict that Billy Jack would be a hit --
Gotcha.
No thank you. We should be off.
OK, OK, the defense rests.  Want another?
Libbets? What kind of name is Libbets?
Libbets. Libbets Casey.
Ah let the guy have his fun. What's the name of this girl with the Park Avenue address?
Stay out of trouble.
See you.
Thanks.
Sure dad.
Um, Paul. On second thought, can you do me a favor and pretend I never said any of that.
All the more reason for this little heart to heart... great.
Uh, dad, you know I'm 16.
Holy! Well. If you're worried about anything, just feel free to ask, and, uh, we can look it up.
Well, the whole gamut. Facts of life and all. Some fatherly advice, because, I tell you, there's things happening that you're probably old enough... well...  For example, on the self-abuse front -- now this is important - it's not advisable to do it in the shower -- it wastes water and electricity and because we all expect you to be doing it there in any case -- and, um, not onto the linen, and not on your sister's underwear or any clothing belonging to your mother --
About?
You know Paul, I've been thinking, maybe this is as good a time as any to have a little talk, you know, about -- well --
Yeah.
Well it's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all, but this St. Peter's, it's top of the line, eh?
Hnnn.
Anyone special? You know...
Fine.
Grades?
Good.
Classes?
All right.
So how's school treating you?
Lab experiments? Right smart guy -- Paul, you know your mother's gonna be disappointed not to see more of you -- In fact, let me make this more than a simple request guy, I think you should...
Well dad, actually I thought I'd take the morning train on Thanksgiving -- got a lot of studying, papers, you know, lab experiments --
Well good. Just confirming. You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon.
I'm fine dad.
Hey guy. Things ok up there? You all right?
Hi dad.
I just can't believe you could be so --
How you take it isn't all that interesting to me, Benjamin. I'm sorry --
Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to take this. And what do you mean, Jimmy? I thought you said you and your husband --
Listen, Benjamin Hood. I have obligations that precede your... from before you showed up. One or two, you know, good-natured encounters, that doesn't mean I'm... I'm not just some toy for you. When I remembered some chores I wanted to get done before the party, I just did them, that's all, because I wanted to do them before I saw Jimmy.
What?
A prior engagement overcame me.
Don't bullshit me around, Janey. Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about? What the hell happened?
What are you talking about?
Damn right, but where the hell were you?
Oh jeez, Benjie. Well, here you are.
Right. Gotcha.
Birth control.
Huh?
Yeah, but, I -- I've been working a lot lately, and -- No, that's not it. I guess we've just been on the verge of saying something, whatever it is, just saying something to each other. On the verge.
Have I noticed anything? I'm not married to her Benjamin, you are. I think you've probably a better vantage point from which to observe her.
Maybe it's all for the better, you know? Yesterday, at dinner, well, she hasn't said anything... has she acted funny to you, I mean, have you noticed anything?
In a bit.
After the Thanksgiving I had, I need it. You having one?
Here.
Gotcha.
You should probably get dressed. The boys will be home soon.
You have a point there. That's a very good point. We're having an affair. Right. An explicitly sexual relationship. Your needs. My needs. You're absolutely right.
You're boring me. I have a husband. I don't particularly feel the need for another.
Yeah?
Ben--
It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department --
C'mon.
He's probably been waiting all night at the station.
Yeah.
Your toes cold?
I mean, he's not serious, he'll end up living off Janey and Jim, you watch. It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess...
Huh?
Look, kiddo, don't worry about it. I really don't care that much. I'm just not sure he's good enough, that's all.
I'm not interested in your smart ass remarks now, lady. Let's go. Right now. You and I can discuss it on the walk home.
Well, then forget all this stern dad stuff.
Who else would I be talking to? And take that thing off!
Talking to me, dad?
What do I think? I think you're probably touching each other. I think you're touching that reckless jerk-off, for god's sake, and I think he's trying to get into your slacks. I think, at fourteen years of age, that you're getting ready to give up your girlhood --
What do you think we're doing, dad?
What the hell are you kids doing down here?
Jesus all right enough!
... while children in Africa and Asia are napalmed and --
Nothing.
What you been up to?
Nah.
I'm picking up Paul at the station - want to come?
Good night kiddo.
Good-night dad.
If I were a fascist I would have sent you to one of those Southern military academies a long time ago. Now get to bed.
Fascist!
Get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it.
Dad stop it!
I thought I'd start trying. If you don't mind. But I am going to Florida and I do have a new nurse.
That was a joke? You don't tell jokes.
Jesus, Benjamin, you're still as gullible as ever.
What?
Ben, I'm going to Florida. I hate Thanksgiving and I hate the cold. I have a new nurse. She's a negro, she weighs three hundred pounds, and I've decided to leave my entire estate to her.
Oh. Elena wanted to know when we could expect you on Thanksgiving. It's just going to be you this year.
It was all junk!
Alright dad. But you sold the house, you didn't tell anyone, including the IRS, and I'd of certainly liked to have seen if there was any old stuff --
It's not the taxes I object to. It's all the fines and penalties.
But I -- well maybe I love her. Elena.
But what?
But...
-- 73, and divorce is as easy as paying off a traffic ticket, and for crying out loud, Ben, be a man and just get it over with. I would have if I'd had the chance.
-- 73
That's besides the point. The point is if I'd had any sense in me I'd have divorced your mother 40 years ago, and that's the truth, and here it is, 1972 --
-- What advice? You never --
-- Waiter! Where's my cobb salad?  You want advice Ben? If your big brother were still alive I'd have him go out into the back yard and beat some sense into your head. Look kid, you married that woman against my advice --
But dad, you guys truly hated each other, I mean really hated each --
-- Your mother, God bless her, stood by me for forty-two years -- we never once contemplated divorce - I assume you're talking here about divorce? The very thought --
Well, Elena and I have kind of been talking, not really talking, but --
Oh for crying out loud Ben, you don't mean to tell me that your marriage is going down the drain now --
Actually it's not about work, it's advice about --
You know, dah--
Advice? I'm supposed to be getting the stock tips from you, Ben. Unless - have you quit your job? They fired you?
I was actually trying to see about getting a little advice, you know --
That's besides the point.
-- Well what am I supposed to call you?
And why are you still calling me dad? You're forty years old already, and --
We don't have to always go to your club, dad.
Darn it, Dave.
Don't fret, Benjie, it's --
It's what?
Sure is good shit. It's opiated. I had it in my chamber for a while. I was smoking this other --
Good shit.
Thanks for the advice Dave.
Welcome to the Monkey House has been a seminal influence on me -- hey Benjamin -- give it a try? This stuff will make some sense out of those larger questions.
And Reverend Edwards? Did you make the list?
I suppose we'll make an appearance.
Hello you two. Am I barging in on some kind of religious study group? Elena, you look marvelous. Will I see you and Ben at the Halford's?
It was lovely!
Thank you Janey.
You know, it's a California thing. That scuzzy husband of hers dragged her kicking and screaming to one when they were out in L.A. you know, the men put their car keys in a bowl, and then at the end of the evening the women line up and fish them out and go home with whoever's keys they've got. Anyhow that's how she met this Rod person or whatever his name is and he's left his wife and she's packing for California. Irwin is devastated. It's so ironic.
A key party?
And to think -- they met at a key party of all things.
Phone's out. I hope the pipe's --
Sure. Maybe coffee.
You want to come in, get a cup of coffee -- warm up? I can either walk you home, or you could crash in the guest room.
Yes. Well, I guess we can walk from here.
Yeah. You?
You okay?
Of course.
Maybe you just need -- look, can you wait here a sec, I need to tidy up -- just a minute, I'll be right back. You'll wait?
That's fine. I wouldn't expect you to see it any other way.
Well, we can talk about it.
Jesus, let me make it up to you -- I can do better than that, honestly --
Jim, maybe we should just go. I've got to look in on the kids. Paul is supposed to be coming back in from the city.
Things are really rotten at home. You wouldn't believe how rotten. Janey's sick. She's unstable, I guess... it's not the right time to tell you... but that's it -- it's like I can't make her happy, the boys can't make her happy, she just doesn't --
Nah, that wasn't in the contract.
Okay. Shall we clean up around here first? Do you think it's all right--
What the hey. Let's go for a drive.
Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward, OK? If you don't --
My husband is probably passed out in the bathroom, or at least he wishes he were. I've been married to him for 17 years and I don't have any intention of going in there to get him... so what I'm proposing is that since your wife has gone off with a boy, and since you are standing here alone, I'm proposing that you and I do what makes sense. Stay warm. Pass some time. That's all.
Look, Elena, the fact that we're neighbors... you know, close friends, well it sort of makes this a little strange, don't you think?
Well, maybe they have one of those filter jobs in the kitchen --
You want coffee or something?
Somehow it was different in my imagination when I thought about it. Actually, I didn't think about it at all, really.
You couldn't have hoped for much better when you came up the walk.
Thanks, but -- oh, I don't think so. It's been kind of a discouraging evening.
Let me.
Well, I have to say I don't have much faith that my car keys are still in that bowl. Doesn't seem entirely safe, leaving your car keys around?
It'll warm you up.
I don't like coffee.
Just bundle up. It's supposed to freeze tonight. We'll see you in the morning.
Oh I thought I'd steal the station wagon, drive up to a commune. Or set the house on fire. You know.
What sort of problems are you planning exactly?
Just curious. If there's a problem, I guess I'll just call you there to interrupt.
I suppose. Why?
Is it a big party? A big neighborhood party?
We're going to the Halford's. The number's on the calendar in the kitchen. We should be home around 11.
Well, I'm sure your father and I would love to hear what you're playing these days. Maybe after dinner.
I don't really need to practice. I just play a few notes, you know, so I thought maybe I'd stay in.
I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore.
They need the money for my band uniform at school.
Oh Wendy.
Well, I saw what I saw, and if you don't want to believe me --
We've been through this Wendy James Taylor was actually at that clinic up near Boston.
I know. They're rich drug addicts and celebrities. When I saw James Taylor there, and --
The people at Silver Meadows aren't psychos.
You're not a psycho!
Wendy, of course. I'm sorry. You must think I'm ripe to be checked into Silver Meadows.
Mom. Are you ok?
Weightless almost -- as if I were seeing my own memories of being a girl. There was something internal about it.
We were just riding around.
Mikey Williams?
Nobody.
Who?
With Mikey?
I saw you on your bike today.
Hi Wendy.
Hi mom.
None at all. I'll leave it in front of your garage. Happy Thanksgiving.
Thanks for the lift. If the bike's any bother--
Here you are.
You don't have to apologize. I'm too much of a cynic. You actually seem to be trying to figure things out -- don't mind me.
I'm that predictable? No, you don't have to answer that. It's just that with the kids almost grown --
Educated guess.
How'd you know?
Social work?
I'm thinking of going back to school.
It's not like we're too busy.
I used to know how to cook.
Thanks for eating it. I don't know why I even pretend I can cook.
Thanks again. For the dinner.
Of course.
It's really quite all right.
Oh.
I insist.  Don't touch them.
It's not a bother.
Please don't.
I'm going to try hard not to understand the implications of that simile.
Sometimes the shepherd needs the company of the sheep.
You're here... I'm a bit surprised.
Perhaps you might find it in your heart to call me Philip?
Reverend Edwards.
That I will indeed.
I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about.  Take care.
I'm afraid she's something of a gossip, isn't she?
Ouch.
And you're still trying to get me into bed.
Now you are being rude.
But not too ashamed.
You weren't. You actually, for some reason, you have the effect on me of making me feel just a tiny bit ashamed of myself.
I'm sorry. That was stupid of me. I didn't mean to be so rude.
If that's a potential you see yourself fulfilling... I mean...  My, I sound a bit --
I would say it sounds like you're trying to get me into bed.
Self-realization. Ministering to help people reach their fullest potential. Would you believe me if I told you I want you to see yourself reach your fullest potential and self-realization?
That's right.
You ask what the point is?
All well and good -- But tell me again what is it exactly that you believe in?
-- And God the angry parent, and the Spirit the hope of an integrated adult self.
You're saying that Christ is the child, and --
In many ways, the church-bound tradition of the father, son, and holy ghost is simply a version of the parent-child-adult triad within us all. It's a primitive set of symbols for our inner psychology.
Forget how to ride a bike.
Forget what?
They say you never forget.
My daughter. I haven't been on a bike for years.  When was the last time you rode a bike?
Well I of course flatter myself that our church is not exactly what most people would call organized religion -- at times it's the disorganization that's liberating -- and of course I've begun to minister much more in what one might call therapeutic environments, in small groups, and one on one, couples --
I suppose my reluctance was the group aspect of it -- I've never been much of a joiner, although I still consider myself a somewhat religious person --
It's been a tremendously transformative year -- maybe a little controversial of course, but we're breaking down the old Unitarian barriers --
No need to make excuses --
Yes, it was -- I ended up --
Reverend Edwards. Philip Edwards. You came by and checked out the congregation a couple of times last year.
Yes.
Elena. Elena Hood, am I right?
One for you and one for me.
Pharmaceutical! You are a god.
Check it out. Not for the faint of heart.
Like into one of the other 20 or so bathrooms they've got in this place.
And whence has yon virginal maiden absconded?
Moisture! Moisture!
Huh?
All will be revealed, baby.
Francis. You gonna leave the seeds in there? In the binding like that?
You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon, our leader, all ye need know about the travails of life. Check out the Checkers speech stuff.
My man, I speak to you solely as a comrade in arms offering unconditional aid. I've been giving this one a lot of thought, and I believe that the two of you together might just reach that higher ground that --
Shit. You're not planning --
Am I right or am I right?
What do you mean?
Aha! I could sense the vibe.
What?
Um, Libbets Casey.
Sleep all day. I mean, look, it's already getting dark outside, and you're just getting up.
Do what?
How can you do that man?
And remember, with your erogenous zones lubricated as such with the mighty herb, do not attempt terrestrial contact with members of the opposite sex -- because you drone on like a motherfucker when you're stoned.
Flame on, asshole.
Paul, let me enlighten you about something. You and I exist on two opposite sides of a great existential divide, that being your pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonishing number of sexual conquests on the other. I'm off to get laid. See you.
Where you going?
See ya.
No more man. I'm about to drop as it is.
I gotta get to English class.
Paul, cancel your mental appointments, baby. What are you, like still stoned from last night?
Man, Francis, you are one drug addled elitist freak, and when the revolution comes I do not want to be lined up with you and shot, 'cause you're fucking ripe for political reeducation, you know, like in the fields.
Waste not Master Hood -- that was $20 for the bag.
The water, as you call it, is a special mixture of amaretto and Ben&Ben blended for just the exact chemical interaction with the last of our precious Thai stick.
I hope you changed the water in that bong from last night.
Arise and shine, young Hood.
Let's see!
Come on Paulie, share the wealth. You copped 'em from her mom's stash anyway.
Groovy.  Young master of the revels, a treat for our hostess?
No candy for me?
Yeah, Paul, are you gonna get home okay?
Everything's gonna freeze, the big freeze.
Howdy there. You, young knight. Can you check on the mead? Can you sally forth and secure us some more mead?
Major.
Awesome sleet and rain.
Hell, I guess he takes after me, huh?
Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born.
You notice anything with Mikey lately? The kid seemed a little out of it tonight, eh?
Just be careful.
Sorry honey. Hell, we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed.
Jesus, Jim!
Play with the whip.
No!
It's not packed with explosives, is it?
You know, it's the whip -- the one uncle Frank got me from Mexico.
Would it matter?  And what's that?
You going to tell dad?
Hey.  I'll take this stuff.
Hah hah you're funny. A bath. Like a brother and sister. Oh man, I'm so wasted.
Right. Cool. So, how about we take a bath together?
I do.
And I have a feeling for you too, because you're just like -- I feel for you like you're -- you're just like --
You do? I'm glad. Because I feel for you --
And I have a special feeling too, because I do. It's special.
It's like very positive, and I feel a real special feeling, because you really --
My what?
Sure I do, you know, like your aura. That you give off.
Yeah but you don't even know me really.
You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you --
Yeah.
Thanks for the advice dad.
Maybe you should have just a half.
What is it?
Well, uh, I don't, it's really --
Hey, it's a sellable skill.
Frankie opens them with his teeth.
The Idiot.
Great, thanks for the tip.
If you liked Notes from Underground, you'll love The Idiot.
The Idiot?
Um, Libbets. Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm also really a fan, and what you were saying, you know, have you ever read The Idiot?
Good thinking Marge.
Since he sleeps with every girl you ever show an interest in, why don't you just keep your Libbets thing a secret from him?
You think Francis is going to beat me to the punch here?
They did it last year too. It's like traditional or something. They've got this humongoid Park Ave apartment and she just holes up there with a wad of cash.  Aren't the hugely wealthy sad?
How do you know this shit?
My diagnosis is messed in the head. A poor little rich girl -- I mean check out the jeans and fur look. And lend your ears to this brutality. Like her mom and step dad and her step-sisters are going to Switzerland to ski over Thanksgiving break -- and like they didn't invite her!
Truly? Do speak.
That's good, because I don't think Libbets is capable of the sex act.
It's beyond mere physical attraction.
Yeah, well, you've been in love with like every other girl here, I was wondering when you'd get around to Libbets.
I'm in love with Libbets Casey.
Yeah. When it freezes, I guess that means the molecules are not moving. So when you breathe, there's nothing in the air, you know, to breathe in to your body. The molecules have stopped. So it's clean.
It's freezing.
Out.
Where you going?
I'm not good at math. Just geometry.
Why are you so good at math but not in English?
Sure, anything but this English.
Geometry?
Yeah?
Mikey?
I don't have a girlfriend.
No one.
Who said so?
Stupid!  Is Wendy Hood your girlfriend?
Yeah.
I'm sorry if I got you into trouble. Maybe we don't have to, you know... unless you really want to.
Maybe. Can't really tell yet.
You get in trouble?
Yeah. Yours?
You're parents at that party?
4:30 movie. When Worlds Collide.
Huh?
When worlds collide.
Wendy!
Wow!
You like him? He worships you.
I don't know.
Why did you -- with Sandy?
I don't know.
Maybe we can mess around. You know, only if you want to...
There's a TV in the basement.
Maybe we can just watch some TV.
See, no one's here. Maybe you want to go to the basement?
I dunno. I --
You have to follow me?
Then why'd you come after me?
I don't ever want to see you.
Tell Sandy? What?
Did you tell Sandy?
I'm chewing.
Sure.  Twinkie?
Want some gum?
I have plans.
What are you doing at home on a Friday night?
Right.
Shit. I can't really talk about it. I guess I better get to the train.
And?
I'm, uh, in the midst of a moral dilemma. And I was wondering, because I know you're a very moral person, and --
Um, ten-o-five. Why? Where are you?
What time is it?
Is this Charles?
Charles, what time is it?
Hood residence.
Libbets? What kind of a name is Libbets?
Her name's Libbets.
With who?
It's a one-on-one kind of date thing.
Can I come?
Calling an individual, Charles, in New York. Confirming a social outing for Friday night.
Why don't you use the phone downstairs?
May I operate your telephonic apparatus?
Yeah well wait till mom opens her mouth.
I don't know. Dad seems a little weird.
Dad's like doing his Up With People routine, mom hasn't been saying much.
How are the parental units functioning these days?
Greetings, Charles.
Hello, Charles.
Nixon, doofus! It's incredible. He should be shot.
Watching what?
I have not touched your sh--  Stuff. You watching this?
Charles. Have you been keeping out of my shit? Have you refrained from entering the sacred precincts of my room?
Charles.
I don't know either. You spin around, when you lie down.
I don't know. How do I know?
That's nice. Are you drunk?
I love you.
That's the name for when you wake up and find this little pool of sticky stuff, like after a sexy dream.
Huh?
Have you ever had a nocturnal emission?
Okay.
One more shot?
It feels warm.
You never tasted the stuff?
Vodka?
Want a drink?
Don't worry about them. They're at that party, getting drunk and falling all over each other and making jokes about McGovern and stuff.
We -- we have to go to the guest room. We can't stay in here. What if Mikey? My parents?
They left it in the jungle.
Communist Viet Cong.
Well.  It looks like someone got to his private parts before us.
He wouldn't blow up. He'd just get all mangled or twisted.
If it wasn't raining we could take him outside and blow him up.
He's dead.
No.
Are you his girlfriend?
Yeah.
Mike's out -- I think he went to Silver Meadow to see if you were hanging around there.
Just thought I'd stop by.
What are you doing?
Sandy, you scared the shit out of me.
Yeah.
I have to go to the bathroom.
They were old. And they couldn't fly anyhow. I'm going to get a radio-controlled airplane at Christmas, and then I'll stuff it full of m-80s and then fly it into Mrs. Burgess's English class and blow it up.
The ones you built?
All my model planes.
Hey Sandy, what were you blowing up out there? Your mom was pretty p.o.'d.
Well, you can...
Yeah? See ya.
Mikey was looking for you.
Hey Sandy.
Hey Wendy.
Sure.
Maybe you could drive him to Spencer's.
Good.
Detective Dormer's not leaving for a few hours.
Didn't want to miss anything.
That's all, for now.
Yes, sir.
Too bad...
I have to get back.
It's only gonna make you crazy.
I had him!
Will, you can't blame yourself.
About how long 'til you heard the suspect's second shot?
And then I lost him.  In the fog.
Wants me to keep him posted on all your movements up here.
That's I.A.'s pit bull.
Four unwarranted shootings, witness intimidation, and cocaine theft.
What's the D.A. got them on?
So far.
Got a love affair with police work. Drives me crazy with it.
Nice kid.
What's that, then?
Just after Leland Street.
Don't worry.  I'll have a cool scar.
What about your shoulder?
Why?
No.  But I covered it up.  I lied.
Byrd's dead.
I know.
Walter Byrd killed Kay Connell.  Her things are in the house.
Worth pursuing?
It's legitimate.
Isn't that the difference between a good cop and a bad cop?  A good cop can't sleep 'cause a piece of the puzzle's missing.  A bad cop can't sleep 'cause his conscience won't let him.  You said that once, remember?
Not really.
About an hour ago.  Said he was more than happy to cooperate.
Duggar called him?
Five feet?  Seven feet?
I don't remember.
How much closer would you say you were?
Then change it.
But here's the thing.  I retraced your exact steps according to your statement. You couldn't have seen Detective Eckhart from there.  I mean, not in that fog.
Okay.
I'm going back to the Lodge, Ellie. Still need to go through some of Kay Connell's school records.
That must have been awful for you.
It's okay.  Happened a long time ago.  He was killed in a fire.  In New Mexico.
Oh, I shouldn't have...
Twelve years younger.
She your only sibling?
The Puffins and the Hawks.  We're in extra innings.  The Hawks have a really good line-up this year.
Who's playing?
Oh.  We always have play-offs in the middle of the night.  It's the best time.
I could say the same thing about you.
Call all of them from here to Anchorage. Tell them we now know that Kay Connell left the party with a dark blue knapsack, but we haven't recovered it yet.  We can get it in by the morning editions.
Yeah.  All over.
This murder was in the papers, right?
Good.  He's up next.
The bartender at Darrow's.  He was there Friday night.
Who's that?
But there wasn't any...
Do it again.
We already did.
I want you to check this out, Ellie.
Down at a local dive the kids like to hang out in.
Typical seventeen year-old.  She went to a party Friday night?
It's all about the small stuff.  Small lies.  Small mistakes.  Small oversights. People give themselves away in a traffic violation just as much as they do in a murder case.  It's human nature.
But they're so boring.  All small stuff.
Don't give misdemeanors a bad rap.
Don't worry about him...
Guess that's what they call Alaskan hospitality.
Actually...
You did your homework, Officer.
Detective Eckhart!  I know!  Welcome to Nightmute!
My partner...
We'll get the other one, though.
Right.  Got lost in the rocks.
Oh, you know.  Don't feel that much. Bullet went right through.
Anything.  It's important.
What I saw?
That's why I'm here.  I need to know exactly what you saw yesterday, Farrell.
We just gotta catch the bastard, right?
He would have liked that.
I wish I'd had the chance to get to know him better.  Take him fishing or something.
Thanks.
Where is he?
Sorry about...
This is a local writer.  Kay had all his books.  I think we should check it out.
So?
Mrs. Connell found this copy in the house.  It's signed.  Personally.
That's right.
One of the paperbacks we found in Kay Connell's knapsack.
No.
And something else that might interest you.
Good.
I beeped you over two hours ago.
What?
Forget your pager?
First I need a copy of the key.
I'll call him now.
I'm going to the hospital to talk to him now.  You get the search party together.  No fewer than thirty people.  I'll meet you in exactly twenty-five minutes.  Don't waste any time.
Dormer.  Still no sign of the bullet that went through Farrell.
I told her to come.
What are you doing here?
No.
I'll stick it in the evidence locker...
Has her books in it.
We're sure it's hers?
Randy Stetz.  Her boyfriend.  We've questioned him, searched his place. Didn't find anything.
Who was the last one to see her alive?
Around twelve-thirty.
What time was that?
She left the party early.  Friends said she had a fight with her boyfriend and stormed out.
Like I said, no.  We know about those things up here.
No fibers, skin flakes, hairs...
No.
She'd come to me, sometimes in the middle of the night.  Bruises all over her back, her upper arms.  I pled with her to let me call the police, but she wouldn't hear it.  Wanted to keep it a secret.
Are you sure about that?
That's right.
Randy Stetz?
That boyfriend.  Randy.
How do you mean?
She wasn't happy.  I was someone to talk to.
Yes.  Not that much at first.  But then she became more comfortable.  Started visiting me every week...
Did she?
She flattered me about my writing.  Asked if she could visit me.  To talk about my books.
What happened at that signing?
That's right.
Where you signed this?
You tell Buck and I'm involved whether I like it or not...
You don't have to be involved, Will.
Goddammit, Hap.  Think about what you're doing...
I'm thinking I could get off with probation.  Keep half my pension.  That's all I want.
Don't do this, Hap...
I wish I could stick it out like you.  I just, with Trish and the kids...
Will?
Looks like the natives are restless.
What are we thinking?
Well her mother didn't buy them for her.
Mike Flynn's a dirty cop, Hap!  We are nothing like Mike Flynn.  We did what we needed to do to make sure that son-of- bitch Dobbs paid for what he did.  And every bastard like him.  We say one word about it and every case we ever brought in is going to blow wide open and they'll all walk.  Every last one.  And I am <i>not</i> going to let that happen.  No deals.  No compromises.  No discussions.
Cut some kind of a deal.  I heard that's what Flynn's doing...
No way.
Maybe not.  We could talk to Buck...
One word to I.A. and he walks.
You know I remember that.
Weston Dobbs killed an eight year-old boy and left him hanging in the basement like a piece of meat.  You remember that?
We say nothing.  It goes away.  Simple as that.
Well, I gotta tell you.  With a wife, three kids, and a pension plan in the balance, it's rattling hard.
He's just rattling your cage.
But he's zeroing in on <i>me</i>.  On <i>us</i>. Everyone's talking about it.
He's asking everybody questions.
Dammit, Will.  Warfield had me locked up in his office again for five hours yesterday.  <i>Five</i> hours.  Asking all kinds of questions...
That's right.
To do nothing.
You know my plan of action.
When's that, a week?  Two weeks?...  We have to figure out a plan of action now.
We'll talk when we get back to Seattle.
You know what about.
What do you want to talk about?
Even the best make mistakes.
He knew exactly what we'd be looking for. Made sure to cover up all his tracks.
I.A.'s calling themselves the "Corruption Task Force."  Can you believe that? Trying to root out any mistakes or "oversights" any other Detectives may have made over the years.  They're turning it into a witch hunt.  Something on the news about it practically every night.
They're all over everybody.
Seven years.
Eight years.
We're under investigation now.  Back in Seattle.  Hap wanted to talk.  As soon as we got back.  Thought he could work out some kind of deal.
What if someone finds out?
There've been other cases.  Where we've changed results.  Pushed witnesses. Manipulated evidence.  But Dobbs.  I wanted Dobbs more than anything.
Will.
Me and Hap.  A year and a half ago.  I knew the second I met Dobbs that he was guilty.  Smug, cold.  Dead eyes.  We had circumstantial evidence, but nothing to tie him to it.  Nothing concrete.  Went over every inch of that apartment.
One of your cases?
There's a guy down the hall.  Complaining about the noise.  Says he can't sleep.
What is it?
Will...I...
What did he look like?
That's not what he thinks.
I'm not expecting anyone.
No.  He didn't say what his name was. Only that you were expecting him.
Fred Duggar?
Habit.
I got it.  Don't know why I bother.  It's been broken for two years.
I'm always all business.
Your friend's all business.
Good to see you, too, Randy.
Thought I smelled something.
She didn't tell me.
You don't know.
I don't know.
Fuck you, man! - I'm sick of all your fucking cop questions...
Ran like hell to go to him...
How should I know?...
After that she left the party to go to him.
I told you I don't remember.
The other guy?
Just stuff.  I don't fucking remember.
What kind of stuff?
Stuff.
Friday night, at the party - what'd you fight about?
I don't know what you're fucking talking about.
But she was seeing someone else on the side.
She loved me.  She wanted to see me every night.
You heard me that time.
Huh?
"She was nice."  Wow.  That makes me all soft inside.  Ever occur to you she didn't love you back?
Kay Connell.  Did you love her?
Huh?
Did you love her?
Brody...I don't know...  ...Something Brody!
What was it?
She used some stupid code name.
Who?
My arm!
Who?
She kept saying she was gonna get out of here.  Leave us all behind.  That <i>he</i> was going to take her!
What was?
It was like some big fucking secret!
But you were such good <i>friends...</i>
She wouldn't tell me!
You don't know.
I don't know.
Who was Kay seeing besides Randy Stetz?
No...
Told each other everything.  That why your picture's torn up in the top drawer of her bureau?
That's what I said.
You and Kay were like sisters?
Thought you wanted something fun...
Hey...
Long as it's fun.
You want me to take you somewhere?
Must be tough for you.  What happened.
We were like sisters.  Knew everything about each other.
That's a long time.
Since grade school.
Best friend?
I was her best friend.
What are you doing in this shit-hole town?
You're not missing much.
I never met anyone from Seattle before.
Drop the gun, Walter.
Wild card.
Procedure went out the window a long time ago.
You're not following procedure.
No back-up.
Where's your back-up?
If you want it to be...
This an accident, Walter?
Yes.  Like that.
It was when I went to kiss her.  She started laughing.  I got angry.  After all I'd given her.  All I'd shared with her.  I just wanted to make her stop. That's all.
Couldn't get it up, Walter?
I didn't want to kill her, Will.
Don't you pull that shit with me.
Then so was mine...
I told you that was an accident!
Kay told me.  She comes to me, you know. Tells me things.  About you.  About me.
What the hell do you know?
But we work so well together...
There's nothing more to talk about.
I thought maybe we could talk some more.
Congratulations.
Told you I could write an ending.
Randy Stetz is in jail.
He.  Well, he...
What about him?
I gave her things she didn't have. Couldn't have.
Doesn't sound like a mentor to me.
Yes.
Expensive dresses.  A heart necklace.
Yes.
You gave her gifts.
I was a mentor to her.
But you wanted to.
No.
Did you have sex with her?
I suppose.
But she was an attractive girl.
She was only seventeen.
Yes down at the station.
Down at the station?
You're going to be brought in for questioning.
Thought you might find that.
Kay Connell had a signed copy of one of your books.
Oh?
I said you're going to get a phone call.
I'm sorry?
The phone call.  The knapsack.
No game.
We are a pair, and that's what counts.
What a pair we are. We deserve each other, don't we?
Your melancholy eyes...
You made me see their failings, Louis. You made me look at them with your eyes.
You were their leader. They trusted you.
I knew. I rescued you, didn't I? From the terrible dawn.
And yet you knew what I would o.
No.
You didn't even warm them, did you?
I understand you only too well. You let them do it, as I let Lestat turn a child into a demon. As I let her rip Lestat's heart to pieces! Well I am no longer that passive fool that has spun evil from evil till the web traps the one who made it. Your melancholy spirit of this century! I know what I must do. And i warn you - you saved me tonight, so I return the favour - do not go near your cell in the Theatre Des Vampires again.
Louis, I swear I did not.
You held sway over them. They feared you. You wanted it to happen.
You let them do it.
Louis, they cannot be brought back. There are some things that are impossible, even for me.
I don't believe you. I do not have to read your soul to know that you lie.
I couldn't prevent it.
Louis, I can't save her. I will only risk losing you -
You can't believe I'd leave without her. Armand! You must save her! You have no choice.
I can't save her.
Not without Claudia. Where is she?
Follow me - that way - through my cell -
Where is she? Where's Claudia?
Yes I knew him. Knew him well enough not to mourn his passing.
Lestat! You knew Lestat!
A vampire with a human soul. An immortal with a mortal's passion. You are beautiful, my friend. Lestat must have wept when he made you --
Yes... My God...
Are these not the answers you came for?
Like moths around the candle of the age. Decadent, useless. They can't reflect anything. But you do. You reflect its broken heart.
And the vampires of the Theatre?
How he must have loved you.
That's what the one who made me said.
You would never give up life. If the world were reduced to one empty cell, on fragile candle, you stay alive and study it. You see too clearly. You see too much.
We can do that?
But you asked the wrong questions. Do you know how few vampires have the stamina for immortality? How quickly they perish of their own will.
You said there were none.
So soon? Without any of those answers you so longed for?
Then I leave too.
It's already begun. If you want to save her, send her away.
We want no quarrel with him.
Did you kill this vampire who made you both? Is that why you won't say his name? Santiago thinks you did.
Then blame the one who made her...
I could give you reasons. Her silence. Her youth. It's forbidden to make so young, so helpless, that cannot survive on its own.
But why?
She is.
I'm not innocent. But I'm afraid. She feels she's in danger from the others.
If you say so. You are innocent.
No, my beloved, my child.
Your lover.
Claudia is dear to me. My... daughter.
Listen to me.
I was waiting for you...
Knew? You mean he is...
He knew nothing. He just didn't care.
The one who made you should have told you this. The one who left the old world for the new...
You fell too much. So much you make me feel...
My God... So it's as I always feared. Nothing, leading to nothing.
None that I've ever known. I know nothing of God or the Devil, I have never seen a vision nor learnt a secret that would damn or save my soul. And as far as I know, after four hundred years I am the oldest living vampire in the world.
And no vampire here has discourse with God or the Devil?
I have not spoken to him...
Then God does not exist...
And perhaps this is the only real evil left...
Perhaps...
Then there is nothing.
I understand. I saw you in the theatre, your suffering, your sympathy for that girl. I saw you with the boy. You die when you kill, you feel you deserve to die and you stint on nothing. But does that make you evil? Or, since you comprehend what you call goodness, does it not make you good?
No.
You mean we are not children of Satan?
That is a picture, nothing more.
But the one who made him, who made the one who made him, the source of all this evil...
Surely you know the one who made you...
Who made us what we are?
Nothing if not vampires...
What are we?
Ah! You have questions?
So you have the answers...
If there were a leader, I would be the one.
Are you the leader of tis group?
You don't want to answer... Two vampires from the new world, come to guide us into the new era as all we love slowly rots and fades away.
But how did you come into existence?
We had feared we were the only ones...
Disappointing, isn't it? To come so far and find so little. Jaded ingenues, amusing themselves with make- believe...
They did, but too fast for you to see them. No magic, just grace and speed.
Your lips, they didn't move.
Yes, and very beautiful.
Monstrous.
I'll put you in your coffin. Forever.
Louis, put me in my coffin...
Don't Louis --
Yes. It killed them, unfortunately. But it keeps the blood warm.
Laudanum!
No. Laudanum.
Absinthe? You gave then absinthe?
We forgive each other then?
Drunk on brandy wine. A thimblefull. I thought of you when I saw them.
Oh, Claudia, you've outdone yourself. Where did you find them?
Then I hope its a beautiful woman with endowments you will never possess.
Oh, Lestat. I must do more than that. I've brought a present for you.
Stop pestering me then!
I came to make peace with you, even if you're the father of lies. I want things to be as they were.
What plans?
You're a liar. But you upset my plans.
Not you my dear.
I suppose we could people the world with vampires, the three of us.
You're spoilt because you're an only child. You need a brother. Or I do. I'm weary of you both.
Is that supposed to frighten me?
Yes. And I'll tell you something else! I've met someone who will make a better vampire than both of you.
Does it?
What is it now? You irritate me! Your very presence irritates me!
Be glad I made you what you are! You'd be dead not if I hadn't.
Why yours alone? Tell me how it was done!!!!
DID YOU DO IT TO ME????
Stop her Louis!
You made us what we are, didn't you?
But it wasn't always so! I had a mother once! And Louis - he had a wife! He was mortal the same as she! And so was I!
It will grow back again!
And if I cut my hair again?
What you are? You would be something other than you are?
Which of you did it? Which of you made me the way I am?
You dress me like a doll. You make my hair like a doll. Why?
But you're the fairest by far.
I have. Or there would be twice as many.
Some of these are so old and tattered. You should throw them away.
Is this my birthday?
I didn't realise.
You always give me the doll on the same night of the year.
What night? What do you mean?
Why always on this night?
Yes you are, my dearest. You are mine and Louis' daughter. You see Louis was going to leave us. He was going to go away. But now he's not. He's going to stay and make you happy.
I'm not your daughter.
It's bet in the beginning, lest the death takes you down with it. yes, that's it. My child. My beloved child.
I want some more.
Yes, cherie, of course you want more. And I'll show you how to get it. You drink from morals, my beauty, but from me? Never again.
More.
What died tonight inside that room was not that woman. It will take her many nights to die, perhaps yeaars. What has died in that room tonight is the last vestige in me of what was human.
What do you mean?
Bear me no ill will, my love. We are now even.
It's only mortal death.
But if she dies...
She is dying. It happened to you too, but your child's mind can't remember.
And who will care for me my love, my dark angel, when you are gone?
Yes...
Oh God! I love you still, that's the torment of it. But you know I must leave you Louis...
Yet you could do it to me! Snatching me from my mother's hands like two monsters in a fairy-tale! Couldn't you have waited? Six more years and I would have had that shape! And now you weep! You haven't tears enough for what you've done to me.
Don't make me, Claudia! I cannot do it!
Your evil is that you cannot be evil! And I will suffer for it no longer!
How do we seem to you? Do you think us beautiful, magical, our white skin, our fierce eyes? Drink, you ask me! Have you any idea of the thing you will become?
You really believe that?
He can protect us, Claudia.
Let him go, he said. Let him go.
So you felt it too!
Do you know what his soul said to me without saying a word? When he put me in that trance...
That's not so.
He wants you as you want him. He's been waiting for you. He wants you for a companion. He bides his time that place. he finds them as dull and lifeless as we do.
Never.
You would leave me for Armand if he beckoned you.
Love?
Love holds you to me. And we are in danger, not you.
No, you would not, Louis. Danger hold you to me.
Do you think I would let them harm you?
I can feel it from them! They want to know who made us, what became of him. They have their rules, their idiotic rules!
What danger?
I lothe them! I can't stand the sight of them! Stupid bourgeois Parisians, all dressed in black like some private club! I've searched for them the world over and I despise them!
Be still!
I've seen enough of this! I loathe it!
Yes, and very beautiful.
This is monstrous!
And no one knows but us...
This is no performance.
No. She's frightened. She doesn't know where she is.
She's no vampire.
How devilishly clever.
They use no paint. And the audience think it is paint.
They are here. I know they are. Listen for something that doesn't make a sound.
Mortals, mortals everywhere. And lots of drops to drink.
Nonsense all right. But something tell me it's going to be the strangest nonsense we've ever seen.
But this can't be real. This is nonsense.
Come, Claudia...
Yes. Should I take her, Louis? Among her dolls? make a doll of her in turn?
You know her?
You are neither, Claudia. Now stop this --
Are they my kind Louis? Dolls never change either.
You are more beautiful than any of them.
They are ducklings, that will grow into swans. Whereas I must be the duckling forever.
Claudia, you torture yourself.
Or her, or her - or any of them?
But how will I ever know, Louis?
It was something hurries...and seldom savoured... something acute that was quickly lost. It was the pale shadow of killing.
You don't remember? Or you never knew.
Well tell me, papa. What was it like making love?
Yes.
You want me to be your daughter forever, don't you?
Yes...
A beautiful child! Is that what you still think I am?
Still my beautiful child.
How do I look?
Not yet.
The ship is sailing wihout us!
It is! Take the back stairwell -
It can't be -
The workmen must have a trunk - don't stop, cherie -
What was that?
Tell me you don't hate me Louis. I did it for you -
Hush, Claudia, hush now my dear -
I can't bear it when you do - I would die rather than lose you Louis. I would die the way he died.
And you never cried -
You never talked to me like that - in all these years.
I can't. Go away from me.
Louis, look at me.
I did it for us, Louis. So we could be free.
Then maybe so do we. Every night of our lives. He was my brother. My maker. He gave me this life, whatever it is.
He belongs with those reptiles, Louis. He deserved to die.
And suppose the one who made him knows nothing and the vampire who made him knows nothing, and it goes back, nothing proceeding from nothing, until there is nothing! And we must live with the knowledge that there is no knowledge.
In Europe, Louis. We shall meet our own kind. Find the one who made him. Learn what it means.
The swamp...
Don't mock, Claudia...
Should we burn him? Bury him? What would he have liked, Louis?
The one good lesson he taught me, Louis. Never drink from the dead.
He's dead, Claudia, dead.
Don't mock me, Louis. Help me.
Lestat. Oh, God forgive us.
He'll never let us go.
But now's the time to end it, Louis. Now's the time to leave him.
I took your life. He gave you another one.
You both did it?
And he found me with you. I ran, sickened at what I'd done. Then he cut his wrist and fed you from him. I tried to stop him, but you were a vampire then. And have been every night hereafter.
You... fed on me?
And it means something else too, doesn't it? I shall never, ever grow up.
You see the old woman? That will never happen to you. You'll never grow old. You will never die.
Tell me why...you've got to tell me...
We're immortal. You've always known that.
Why not?
Claudia - don't -
You want me to be a doll forever?
Sit still. It's not finished -
Claudia! You did that?
Hush, Claudia don't talk about such things. Show me your book.
Why does he call you that?
He jests.
Infant death, he calls me. Sweet daughter death. You know what he calls you? Merciful death.
Lestat taught you all you need to know about that.
But you never let me see you kill, Louis.
The way I learn everything. By watching you.
How did you learn to write, Claudia?
What have you done?
I want more.
You have it...
And the more you tried, the more I wanted you... a vampire with your beautiful, suffering human heart. And how you suffered... I need your forgiveness, Louis.
I tried...
I tried to tell you Louis... that night in Paris... when I first came to you... no-one can refuse the dark gift, Louis... not even you.
Yes. I remember...
You remember how I was, Louis.. the vampire Lestat...
I have to go now Lestat...
If you stayed with me Louis, I could venture out... little by little... become the old Lestat.
It's false light, Lestat. It can't harm you...
You know I love the dark. But there's no dark anymore.
And they frighten you?
I can't bear it Louis! The machines out there, that fly and that roar! And such lights! They make the night brighter than the day!
It's only a siren...
You've come back to me, Louis? You've come again to me?
Don't fear me, Lestat. I bring you no harm.
Still beautiful Louis. You always were the strong one.
Yes. Past... she should never have been one of us...
That's all past, Lestat.
I didn't mean to let them do it... that Santiago, he tricked me...
Don't try to speak... it's alright...
I'm so glad you're here Louis... I've dreamed of your coming...
CLAUDIA!!!
You'll come home with me Louis? Fro a little while... until I am myself again.
Are you mad????
No... You come back to me Louis...
Louis, Louis, I gave you the gift --- help me ---
Claudia! Don't do this thing!!!
She would sleep in my coffin, daily, curl her child's fingers round my hair as she dreamt of I know not what...
Claudia, Claudia, will you never learn? Who will we get now to finish your dress? A little practicality, cherie...
Shhhh! Do you want to frighten our little daughter?
You are the devil! You are the instrument of Satan!
Your mama's left you with us. She wants you to be happy.
That's enough, cherie. Stop before the heart stops.
You are the devil! You are the instrument of Satan!
Lestat, what do you mean?
Claudia, Claudia, listen to me. You're ill, my precious and I'm going to give you what you need to get well.
Don't worry, Louis, you're conscience is clear. You left her alive.
I didn't want to kill her.
You remember how you wanted her, the taste of her -
Lestat!
You need company, Louis. More congenial than mine...
What are you saying?
She's here, your wounded one.
Ah, but we have even more in common with our creator. come, I am like a mother tonight. I want a child.
Is God merciless? Greedy and cruel?
Evil is a point of view. God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves.
That and more.
Oh God Lestat. I felt peace. I felt an end to the craving.
Do what it is in your nature to do. And you will feel as you felt with that child in your arms.
No...
Pain is terrible for you. You feel it like no other creature because you are a vampire. You don't want it to go on.
In the old world, they called it the dark gift, Louis. And I gave it to you.
My God... to think you... are all I have to learn from...
THEN YOU KILL HER!!!!!
NO!!!
Unless I make her one of us...
You finish her - if you feel so much -
Lestat - finish this -
I like to do it. I enjoy it. Take you aesthete's taste to purer things. Kill them swiftly if you will, but do it! For now doubt, you are a killer Louis. Ah!
Why do you do this Lestat?
I know. Let her alone.
The girl, Lestat -
Vampires are killers. Predators, who's all seeing eyes were meant to give them detachment.
Lestat, she's alive!!!!
Don't you understand, Louis, that you alone of all creatures can see death with impunity... you alone under the rising moon can strike like the hand of God.
I don't pretend to know.
What do you imagine you are Louis?
I'm not interested in you. You disgust me. I'm interested in my own nature and know I can't trust you to tell me the truth about me.
What, no flowery speeches? About what a monster I am? What a vulgar fiend?
And what if there is no hell, or they don't want us there? Ever think of that?
We belong in hell.
Where do you think, my idiot friend? We're in a nice filthy cemetery. Does this make you happy? Is this fitting and proper enough?
Where are we?
What you wouldn't do. It's almost sunrise. It will be the sun or the fire. You said they can kill me. The sun or the fire!
You fool, what have you done?
Respect me a little then. I'm the only life you know.
I respect life, don't you see? For each and every human life I have respect.
Come the New Orleans then. There's an opera on tonight. A real french opera! We can dine in splendour!
They know about us. They see us dine on empty plates and drink from empty glasses.
But you must know something about the meaning of it all, you must know where we come from, why we...
I learnt absolutely nothing. I wasn't give a choice, remember?
Tell me about him. You must have lernt something from him! It had to happen for you as it did for me!
As did the one who made me.
Paris? You came from Paris?
Consider yourself lucky. In Paris a vampire has to be clever for many reasons. Here all one needs is a pair of fangs.
I don't know any hell -
What have you done to me? You've condemned me to hell.
The dark gift is different for each of us. But one thing is true of everyone. We grow stronger as we go along.
I can't.
Read her thoughts.
But how do you know?
The trick is not to think about it. See that one? The widow St. Clair? she had that gorgeous young fop murder her husband. She's perfect for you. Go ahead.
Of course not. It's so easy you almost feel sorry for them.
Have you ever been caught?
Anything is possible. But just try it for a week. Come into New Orleans and let me show you some real sport!
But we can live without taking human life. It's possible.
Yes. And I'm bored with this prattle --
Fascination...
There's nothing in the world now that doesn't hold some...
We can live like this? Off the blood of animals?
I know. It gets cold so fast.
Do you think so?
You'll get used to killing. Just forget about that mortal coil. You'll become accustomed to things all too quickly.
The sun will destroy the blood I've given you. Every tissue, every vein. The fire in this lantern could do that too.
And if I don't?
You must get into it. It's the only safe place for you when the light comes.
Give it time. You're like a man who loses a limb and still imagines he feels pain. It will pass. And we must sleep now. I can feel the sun approaching.
It can't be...
Yes, that's you, my handsome friend. And you'll look that way till the stars fall from heaven.
You've killed Louis. And enjoyed it.
Dear God, what have I done?
You have fed. You were made for this...
What have I done?
Forget the crucifix. Take him.
The crucifix -
Take him.
I want a woman.
Come, you're going to feed now.
Dying?
You're body's dying. Pay no attention. It will take twenty minutes at most.
Sure...
You're sure?
Yes...
Did I hear a yes?
You asked for death. I didn't promise it -
Yes. Kill me. Kill me like you promised -
You really want to be with them?
Because you're as strong as I was when I was alive.
But why do you want me?
Your perfect. Your bitter and you're strong.
I can't go through with it, I tell you.
I wish I were. But if I were, what would I want with you?
You're the devil, aren't you? That's who you are.
Don't worry. He was white trash, they come at two a penny. I dumped him in the swamp and untied the slave, licked his wounds clean.
Kill me if you will, but I can't do this...
You've just done it -
I can't do it.
Let's call that a start.
Call him.
How do you mean, start?
You let your overseer run riot, work your slaves to the bone. We'll start with him.
I want it!
Vampires. We thrive on blood.
Give it to me!!!
You have to ask me for this. You have to want it, do you hear me?
NO!!!!!
They are gone, Louis. Death took them. Death which you can now destroy...
Diane!!!!
I've come to answer your prayers. You want to die, don't you? Life has no meaning anymore, does it?
What do you want from me?
Why should I be?
You're not afraid of anything, are you?
And a beautiful house it is too. Yours is a good life, isn't it?
Who the hell are you? What are you doing in my house?
Yes...
You want death? Is it death you want?
Then my luck would have changed.
They would have killed you -
Don't say anymore. The reels are still turning. I have but one chance to show you the meaning of what I've said.
No...
Dear God. I've failed again, haven't I?
If I could see what you've seen, feel what you've felt I wouldn't let it end like this! You need a like to the world out there, a connection... then it won't end like this...
Is this what you want? You ask me for this after all I've told you?
You need a new passion, Louis, a new reason to feel... what a story you've told, you don't understand yourself.
It's over, I'm telling you...
But you talk about passion, about longing, about things I'll never know in my life! It's still inside you, in every syllable you speak! And then you tell me it ends like that? Just empty?
But it has. There is no more to tell.
No... it can't end like that...
He hadn't even been there. And all those years I thought he was dead.
Lestat escaped the fire!
Fictions, my friend. The vulgar fictions of a demented Irishman... So we repaired to Paris...
No vampires in Transylvania? No Count Dracula?
Peasant rumours, superstitions about garlic, crosses, stakes in the hear, all that - how do you say again? Bull shit. But one of our kind? Not a whisper.
You found nothing?
He was dead to us. We were free. That was all that mattered.
Did he die in the fire?
Where would she have gone? She was a child, and beautiful, heartbreaking merciless child. And I had made her that...
And did you lose her? Did she go?
How could I not? She had to know.
But why did you tell her?
Perhaps. He knew me. He knew I would love her more than the waking world. But there was more to it than that. Perhaps in the end he did it -- to show me that he could. For he lavished affection on her, there was no doubt about that. Life was very different with madame Claudia, as you can imagine...
He did it to make you stay with him!
Shall we go on?
I was human then. Might as well ask can an angel feel love. Both are blesses or cursed with a certain... detachment. Though whether angels take as long to learn it as I, I will never know.
You loved your wife, surely.
Can a vampire feel love?
You loved Yvette...
Coffins... coffins unfortunately are a necessity...
What about coffins?
The same. As you would say today... Bull shit.
The story about stakes through the heart?
Nonsense, my friend. I can look on anything I like. And I am particularly fond of looking on crucifixes.
You can't look at them...
Oh, that rumour about crosses?
You said the slave had a crucifix...
But times were different then. I was a man at that age. The master of a large plantation just south of New Orleans...
Yes.
Why should I lie? 1791 was the year it happened. I was twenty-four - younger than you are now.
You're not lying to me, are you?
What can I do to put you at ease? Shall we begin like David Copperfield? I am born, I grow up. Or shall we begin when I was born to darkness, as I call it. That's really where we should start, don't you think?
The same way you do it. A series of simple gestures. Only I moved too fast for you to see. I'm flesh and blood, you see. But not human. I haven't been human for two hundred years.
How did you do that?
We love it. I only wanted to prepare you.
But I thought vampires didn't like the light.
We can't begin this way. Let me turn on the light.
You believe this, don't you? That you're a vampire? You really think...
Yes but you needn't worry about that now. Things change.
You were going to kill me? Drink my blood?
Perhaps lucky for both of us.
Well, what a lucky break for me.
Absolutely. I was watching you watching me. I was waiting for you in that alleyway. And then you began to speak.
See? I knew you were interesting. You mean this literally, I take it?
I'm a vampire.
So shall we begin?  What do yo do?
It's just a room...
Saw you in the street outside. You seemed interesting. Is this where you live?
You followed me here, didn't you?
So much the better. I've got a pocket full of tapes.
You'd have to have a lot of tape for my story. I've had a very unusual life.
That's what I do. I interview people. I collect lives. F.M. radio. F.F.R.C. I just interviewed a genuine hero, a cop who -
So you want me to tell you the story of my life...
Yes!
Look at the gaslight. Don't tke your eyes off it. You will be drained to the point of death, but you must stay alive. Do you hear me?
My daughter...
And the child who did die?
A child who can't die...
What do you think she is, Madeleine? A doll?
Yes.
And you know what you ask for?
Yes...
You promise to care for her then?
Au contraire, monsieur, I have.
You haven't the vaguest conception under God of what you ask!
I'd call this four spoiled city kids who wouldn't know a hurricane if it blew up their butts.  All we can do now is batten down and ride it out. If things get really bad, there's a storm shelter.
What the hell would you call this?
Sorry. Emergencies only.
What about a radio?
Duh. The next couple of days is gonna be rough, but we'll make it.
July fourth weekend. Storm season starts today. The clouds roll in like clockwork.
Wait...Did you say off-season?
And, while you're here, our marginally trained, off-season staff of five will attend to your every need.
Julie, we're talkin' suites!  That'll be just fine with us.
Not at all. Those are our honeymoon suites.
Is that bad?
You're in 201 and 202.
Checking in...Karla Wilson.
What can I do for you?
Phones went down a few minutes ago.
Then I'll call the mainland for a charter.
Not possible, I'm afraid. The last ferry left hours ago. And we got a storm coming. There won't be another one for days.
I want off this island.
Who? Who is here?
Listen to me. He's here.
It's our version of winter.  201 and 202. There's Scrabble and Parcheesi in the lobby. Enjoy.
Storm season?
We haven't exchanged anything.
Honeymoon suites. I take it you kids haven't exchanged vows, yet?
Your what?
Built in 1948 for a member of the Rockefeller clan. The tile work was imported from Spain. A lot of history in these walls...Judy Garland stayed here...Hemmingway fished for marlin right off that dock --
It sure is a beautiful old hotel.
The guy looks dead.
No.
I don't know, man. Maybe we should keep going, find a phone --
No way, man. Surprise her. She'll be psyched.
I should go up there. I should call her back, tell her I'm coming.
Jeez, Ray, fourth and forty, throw the bomb.
Stupid. What were you thinkng?
Stupid. Stupid.
Idiot. Idiot. Idiot.
You'll go away with you're college friends, but you won't go away with me?
Up-tighteous and self-righteous.
I got work to do. Take the bake elsewhere.
Storm is what makes it interesting. Thass why all the fish are up. Less hook us a couple big ones.
There's a storm comin', Titus. No boats are going out.
That's why you'll come with Titus, mon.
Titus, you're so stoned, you'd end up in Spain.
Fish are all over the water...Come on, let us take a boat out.
Get lost, you scared me.
Is he?
You're okay. Thank god.
Oh, god, it's you --
...Nancy?
No, you're not.
I'm holding your hand!
I'm right here. Grab my hand.
Julie?
Come on, you can make it.
I don't know...
What do we do?
There's no way to lock it.
It's too late for that.
Karla, I just wanted the whole thing to be over. I didn't want to involve anybody else.
I'm your best friend...You could have told me the truth about what happened. I would've understood.
Then, we fight --
Julie, the boats are gone, the phones are down. There's no way off this place.
I've got to see.
Be careful, Julie.
We'll be better off in the open. If we stick together, maybe we can kill this creep for good.
I know I don't want to stay in here.
Rio isn't the capital of Brazil. It was the wrong answer. Sorry, we lose.
What do you mean?
Come on, Julie. You saw his room.
Let him go. I believe him.
Only he wasn't dead. He killed Barry and Helen last July Fourth.
Julie...
They never found the body.
Oh, stop it! He's dead. You killed him. Now, get over it. We gotta think here.
I think we can classify this as an emergency situation.
I'm not crazy...I'm not crazy. He's here...  We've got to get to the radio and call for help.
Just kidding.
Karla!
No, this is the safe sun.  It's better than a day at the beach.
Cancer in a box.
I'll be givin' your fisherman some of that and see how he likes it.
Nice move.
Hey, slow down, turn off the little motor up in there...What do you say we go to the gym and work off a little stress?
It's okay...He doesn't believe me. That's his right. I'm starting to think I'm crazy, too.
Some.
You get any sleep at all?
The dockhand guy. Hanging by his neck from up there.
Think about this, Julie. What did you actually see?
Not me...no way...
Yes.
No.
Yes.
No way.
Okay, I won't.
Don't even think about it.
Karaoke -- perfect.
I miss Ray...I tried to call him.
He's cute...And he's got a crush on you...  But...
Am I bad? I mean, he's really great, and he's cute --
I also promised Tyrell.
Karla! You promised.
Their stuff in there...  ...and ours in here.
Where is everyone? I'll ask --
Hello? Hello?
I will, and you remind me of the same thing.
Remind me to study real hard so someday this is normal and all that back there is somethin' I do for a weekend once every ten years.
No, I'm the King of the World.
I'm the King of the World.
Hey, sorry...  He's my friend, too. And that ticket is not going to waste.
Oh!
Then, don't.
Work hard, huh? He's breaking your heart just because he can.  And I don't want to have to say I told you so...
He does work hard.
He said he'd try. Try is like maybe. Try is nothing!
But, he said he'd try.
Julie, you left four messages... Four.
He's not coming. I thought he was just...
Ray, come on. I want us to be together.
You gotta sell his butt on the Bahamas?
I know it, and it feels good.  Hi, Ty.
Okay, okay. You're right.
Would you relax? We've been dating three months. He ain't stalking your butt.
The number's unlisted...
Julie, people who end up making rules like that end up beating their kids with wire hangers. It's a fact.
That could break the machine.
Nope. I told him that you absolutely, positively would not be here at this bar between ten o'clock and eleven o'clock tonight. And then he came anyway.
Karla! Did you tell him I'd be here?
Tyrell, I appreciate it, but have you seen my people dance? We make the mouth face, we move the fingers --
No means yes.
No.
Say yes.
Yet. Nothing yet.
There's nothing between Will and me.
Listen to me, Julie. Ray's a great guy, nothing against old Ray, but he's so...Ray. I mean, he lives in Southport. Will's a nice guy, too, and he lives right down the street.
I think I just really hurt Ray's feelings.
Yeah, right -- whatever.
I'm not going anywhere. I'm fat, ugly, and depressed.
No. When I put these skinny pants on my body...Now, that's heart attack time.
That was heart attack time, Karla.
i just wanted your black pants, but I'm not ready to die for them!
What are you doing in my closet?
I thought you were out of town!
What are you doing in my closet?
I thought you were out of town!
You know me to well.
Checking the locks again?
It's gonna be great.
I love it here.
Hey -- I didn't know you were here. It's okay.  We got the refrigerator in. Come see.
Never do that again.
Oh...it's not working right. You're home early.  Did I scare you?
Ray...what are you doing?
Ray...please try. I really miss you.  Okay. Bye.
Okay, I'll try. But, listen...  If I don't make it up, then you go ahead and have a great time.
Will you try...for me, please?
Julie, we're working a big run up here. It's been crazy. We probably have to go out again tonight. I don't think I can do it.
This weekend?
We'd have a long weekend just to sit in the sun, drink fruity drinks, and swim, and...  You know...
What? The Bahamas? You're kidding.
Ray, Karla won a trip to the Bahamas! An island called Tower Bay. And she wants us to come with her.
It's okay.
No, I shouldn't have left so fast... I was just...
No, you don't have to be sorry. I'm the one --
Hey. I'm really glad you called... I'm sorry.
It's not like that. It's not you. It's me. My head. I want to go back. I want to be with you. I want to be fine. I want everything to be like it used to be.  It just isn't.
I understand something.
I just feel like some part of me hasn't healed up enough to go back. Like some critical piece is missing. Please understand...
Can't what?
Ray, I can't...
Why are you being like this?
Every guy in history who tried to pick up a girl did the good-friend thing first.
Ray, we're just friend.
Yeah.
Oh, that's Will. He's a friend. You'd like him.
I got in early. I was excited...  Who was that guy?
Wait, it's Nancy --
Don't kill me --
You never do...The guy at the nightclub, the body in your room last night. Little notes that only mean something to you. How do we even know you're not the one behind this --
I don't know.
You've got all these theories but where is he? Where? Where's your fisherman killer?
I told you.
Voodoo.
Ben Willis.
Who?
We're all going to die. He's going to kill us one by one.
Fine. Show me the body.
I am not crazy, Tyrell. He was right there.
That's right. It's how the species survives. You'll never convince me otherwise.  Wanna dance?
Tyrell, you are an unstoppable force of nature.
You're the most beautiful woman in the bar tonight, Jules.
Why? Come on, Julie. Think. You'll get it. Will Benson -- Ben's son.
...Why?
We had a connection, didn't we? I can tell you one thing, though. Ray didn't trust me. He was right. He's dead, but he was right.
I trusted you.
Me, me, me. It's always about you. I'm having bad dreams. I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in school. I'm having trouble with my boyfriend.
Why are you doing this to me?
I guess so.
He's in it with Willis?
Estes came after me with a gaffing hook.
Did you get help?
Come on. We're gonna be okay.
I wasn't dreaming.
Julie, you said you were tired. Waybe you were dreaming.
There was a body! I swear it!
It's in my room!
What? What are you talking about? Where?
Are you sure? I really appreciate it.
Hey, you don't have to appologize to me. I'm the one. I understand.  I'm going to take a walk and dry off.
No -- it's not that. It's...I'm just a little on edge. I'm really sorry.
I scared you -- I crossed the line --
No, no, no. This was really sweet...
It's my fault. I shouldn't have...I didn't think...
Oh, Will! I'm sorry.
He did something to the screen...it, it, said...
What do you mean, Julie?
It's...him.
Julie? What's wrong?
You can toss a shoe at me if it gets out of hand.
Sure. It's fine. As long as you don't snore.
You sure it's okay with you?
It beets being on the mainland.
And it's been blue skies all day. It might be perfect all weekend.
Right. Planes get hit by lightning. They get hit by meteors. They hit other planes.
You've got a better chance of getting hit by lightning.
Fumes build up in the fuel tanks. You can by surface-to-air missiles over the internet. Planes use O-rings...which freeze in tap water. Planes fall from the sky for practically no reason at all.
Deep breaths --
What if I don't have anything happy from childhood...Sorry, I can't relax going five hundred miles an hour, or four thousand, four hundred feet a minute...  Which is over seven hundred feet a second. Imagine hitting something at seven hundred feet a second.
Just take deep breaths and think of something happy from childhood.
I said, this...Do you want a drink?
What?
This was not my idea.
Are you sure?
I'm okay.
Nah. I'll probably just be here studying for finals. The joys of summer school...  Are you okay?
Right. Now I remember.
To get out of Southport?
I'm trying. I really am...Sometimes I don't even know why I came up here in the first place.
It's...the anniversary. That's what's going on...Take it easy on yourself.
It was one year ago...
It can't get worse. I mean, it's not like this was the first time I freaked out in class. I hardly ever get a full night's sleep, my grades suck, I'm this close from being thrown out of school.
It just takes time, Julie. It's gonna get better.
I thought I was over the dreams for good. I really did. I hadn't had one for months.
I'm sorry.
It was in a church...it was so real. I mean, I could feel his breath on me.
The shower again?
You don't seem fine.
I'm fine.
You sure?
I'm fine.
Julie! Wait! You okay?
I don't know, but I'm starving.
You think that's a good place to hide?
I'm not hiding up no tree.  I'm with her. Let's arm ourselves to the teeth and kick this psycho's butt.
Maybe we should just wait here? Hide in a tree?
Are you crazy? We're not staying here on our own.
I'll come with you.
We gotta get out of here. Now.
Somebody...is a sick, fingerpainting psycho.
See any dead bodies out there? Any fresh kill? How 'bout Freddy, Jason?
Hey --
Oh, look. Another day in paradise with Julie-your-tour-director...Miss Psychotic Episode.
I'd hate for you to have to blow...your whistle.
I used to be a lifeguard...I'd hate to have to blow my whistle.
Baby, I finally got you alone in this Jacuzzi and I don't wanna be discussin' hair care.
Okay, I just didn't wanna get my hair wet.
Hello?
You sure you didn't pick up my hair tie?
'Cause that's the only way I'm ever gonna be able to afford a big bed like this.
Why?
Tha's it.  I've decided.  I'm changing my major to finance.  And going to Wall Street.
They all start to look the same once you've worked in one.  Am I right, sister?
Pretty cool bar.
Rio, baby!
Guess the capital of Brazil --
Somebody's gone tropical on us, baby. Tropical!
Oooh, the mainland --
We will, baby...All this means is we got the whole island to ourselves.
Ain't nothin' free in this world. Everybody says it, and it's true.  I wanted you all to have a good trip.
Honey, some folks just can't fly.
Something is gonna hit your butt if you don't quit complaining.
Where there's a Will, there's a way. Come on.
Is there a problem here?
Come on, I'll take a break and we'll all dance.
Worse comes to worse, you can stand there and watch me.
I'll talk real slow.
If you can say all you gotta say in a minute then I don't wanna hear it.
Just for a minute, baby. I got something I wanna tell you.
I don't think so. It's pretty crowded.
You know what I want to do to you ...right now, don't you? There's gotta be somewhere we can be alone.
He's probably the only one who can help us.
Why? He can't help us.
Alone. In the room.  Got any advise?
How's Julie?
Ahh, that feels great.
Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for my friend, my very best friend, Julie James.
Come on, it'll be fun.
Yeah, a great weekend. Forget the weather!
To a great weekend --
I said we start having fun. And that means now.
Julie, is everything cool? Karla said...
We'll call you back with all the details...So what's your favorite radio station?
Waaaaahhhhhhhhhh!
No. Yes?
Oh, no...Did you say Rio?
Rio de Janeiro!
Okay, Karla, five seconds.  Five...Four...
Still here...thinking...  You mean Brazil, the country?
Yes!
How'd you like to win a Magic 96.7 Quicky Getaway?
Well, I'm in school and --
Well, Karla, what're you doin' at home over the long fourth weekend?
Mark in the Morning! Magic 96.7! Oh my God! I'm Karla. Karla Wilson.  Jules, it's Mark in the Morning.
I'm not waiting...So give me the gun and keep the ring.
Hell, that's worth three, easy. And you got your waiting period.
Make it three hundred. And throw that in, too.
Don't really have the market for something like this...  I can go two...two-fifty.
How much?
Well, there's some flaws in her...
How much?
Jeez, that's a full carat --
Excuse me, but this island didn't have a murder rate until you people showed up.  I've never seen a dead body before.
Must have missed the sign.
You stumbled into my hiding place.
And so could you -- crazy fool.
I'm sorry, but you could've been the one doing all of this --
The rest of us see bathrobes.
Cool.
Julie thinks there's a dead guy in the closet.
What's going on?
No. I shot him.
He leave you?
Not anymore.
What's the matter, boy trouble?
Wanna drink?
Tell me this ain't the bar scene.
You guys lost?
I'll go find him.
What is up with that weirdo?
Where'd Estes go?
Yeah, wait right here, it's the safest place.
We'll only be a second, okay?
Estes! That's exactly who it is. That old guy knows something. We can sit here and wait for him to pick us off or we can go find him first.
The porter...what's his name? Old Asbestos --
Julie? Wanna tell us what is going on here?
They were cut loose.
And do what with it?
Take this.
Hey -- shut up, okay?
You know, the greenhouse effect has caused the gulf stream to shift and almost every meteorological expert expects a dramatic increase in tropical depression --
They're around...They just don't care about us 'cause we're the contest winners.  Let's go find Stoner Boy...Make his lazy butt hook us up with fishing poles or Ping-Pong paddles or something.
They're all dead...Dead, I tell you.  Ahhhh, we're all deaaaddddd. Tyrellll, joinnnn usss.
Where is everybody?
You don't have to be a jerk.
I'm just saying what all of you are thinking. It's bad enough gettin' rained out without having to hold her hand the whole time.
Crowded.
How's the water?
There's ten people on this whole island and they're all gonna end up in this Jacuzzi with us.
So why are you still here?
The last day of the season. Yeah, we heard.
Planter's Punch, Singapore Sling, or how about a Mai-Tai?
We didn't get all dressed up for nothing.
See, it's not a macho thing. It's about equilibrium in your inner ear. You could've used a patch, but it's too late now. Get used to it.  Some folks just can't sail.
Can't talk right now.
She's in her room.
Where is Miss Wollsten?
The Greeks thought death was beautiful -- an adventure --a journey to another world.  But I have my other guests to think of -- The General will be wanting to go back to his army. If you'll excuse me --
How disappointing! I expected it was something more romantic. A temple to the Goddess of Love, perhaps.
This was the temple of Hades --the God of the Dead. It contained no images -- just empty space and walls of perfect symmetry.
How clover you are, Mr. Albrecht, to see all that in our simple Thea... She is quite pretty, isn't she?
You don't have to. It's inside of you -- all the glory that was Greece -— the dancing, the singing and the white marble --
May life be good to you both. As for the others —— they will be quiet here —— and I will be with them.
Goodbye.
Thank you, I'll do that. Good night.
Go ahead. I'll wake you up when I go to bed. Then you can watch him.
Well ——
Don't bother. Go to bed and get some sleep. I'll be working late.  I can hear any movement down here.
All the more reason to watch him. He's had some wild notions lately.
He won't even know you're there. He is delirious.
I'll go up and take a look at the General —- perhaps sit with him.
Our friend, Poseidon, didn't use it for fishing. He raked the sea with it and stirred up the big waves.
It doesn't look much like the fish spears I knew back in Marblehead..
In case you do so, would you --
I'd like to, very much -- but it depends on what dispatches are waiting for me on the mainland.
Or even spirit messages from the next world.
I wonder if my editor's psychic? Reports from the Greek front are going to be a little vague.
That staggering. His dying so quickly.  In your campaigns, have you never seen men who staggered before they died, who talked incoherently —— walked blindly.
He complained of not feeling well. I thought he was drunk ——	he staggered.
He's dead. I want the General to see him.
Drunk again?
I need your advice —— something has happened —— Mr.  Jacks ——
Why don't you stay here tonight? Get a good sleep. You can return to your command in the morning.
He is exhausted.
You collect these to sell, abroad?
But the gods played a little trick on me. I was born in Switzerland.
It is my home.  My name is Hugo Albrecht.
This is General Nikolas Pherides, Commander of the Third Army. I'm Oliver Davis.  To be perfectly frank with you, we didn't expect to find anyone living here.
I took it for granted you gentlemen were refugees as are my other guests.
I must meet him with laughter - with songs and laughter -- to show him I am not afraid --
I'm here. The General is here. You are not alone.
You can have your servants prepare a dinner. That is the way I'll meet my old- familiar enemy -- Death --I have fought him before. I've won often. Now he wins. Let him come for me at my own banquet.
My friend -- what can one say --
) You feel the symptoms?
I just came to see if your prayer would entertain me as much as my medicine seems to amuse you.
I suppose you want to hear my prayer to Hermes.
Very well. I'll wager a dinner.
We will see who is the first to die.
Let us put it to the test. Protect yourself with every scientific precaution you can think of. I'll go out on the cliff and build a votive fire to Hermes -- not that I believe in him any more than I do in Science.
You're just talking nonsense.
I have lived long enough to doubt everything -- which is to say, I believe everything, a little.
She's right. This is hardly the time to bandy old tales.
They used to believe that sort of thing in the mountain villages. Some still do --
The ancient Greeks had just as good an explanation -- that the gods sent the plague to punish mortals for harboring Vrykolaka --
Good winds and bad winds!
If the wind shifts, if the sirocco blows -- the hot wind from the South -- all danger will be over in twenty-four hours.
Maybe you're right. Help me get something to carry her downstairs.
No.  She shall not be left here.
Another sad task. We'll bury her tomorrow.  I think we'd better lock the door for tonight. It will make them less uncomfortable.
Did your servant got word to Dr. Drossos?
That's impossible. I told them Jacks died of a sudden heart attack, probably brought on by over drinking.
Did you hear what Thea said -- as if she knew what threatens us.
In the meantime it would be useless to alarm the others.  Let them think it was a normal  And, perhaps it was —- perhaps it was.
We will know when the next one sickens.  Until then you and I remain here. I will not bring the plague to my troops.
I'm not sure that it is the plague.
I'll get Ida to make up your bed.
Perhaps I had better stay. I am tired.
I donut understand.
I'm afraid so. There were rumors ——people were aroused. Some feared restlessness among the dead you know, the old superstitions.
All the graves?
There was some trouble here ——the villagers on the mainland —-this island was the focal point of their anger. They came here ——broke open the tombs and despoiled the graves.
But why?
They were gore before I came here.
The enemy is in retreat. There will be no more fighting here.  I came here to visit the crypts. My wife was buried here. What happened to the bodies?
This was once a cemetery.
I have not been on the island in twenty years. It is changed - changed completely. Where are the graves -- the coffins?
I don't know now without my father.
If Mr. Albrecht is right, we'll all be free in a few days.  I suppose you'll be going on to Athens?
If only we could get away - - you and I. The others are strangers, they mean nothing to me
There's no reason to decide any of us are going to die.
Last night Dr. Drossos -- today you or I -- oh, no, Oliver, it can't be you, I couldn't stand it.
Poor Cathy --
My father -- I'm alone, Oliver, completely alone!
Closer and closer —- until they bite into your throat!
Sharp, shiny teeth -- and they creep up to your bed --
Tell me about them, Thea. They have great wings end long teeth --
On my word! That's what they believe.
Oh, no -— it's too delicious! You're making it up!
I think she went to bed —— I saw her going toward the house
Where's Thea?
No one can take my father's place.
I know it must be hard. But you have relatives in London --you've got a whole world of living, ahead of you --
I think not.
You're not leaving tomorrow..?
Sleep well.
Good night, Oliver.
Thank you.
How could we go back to the wars with such pleasant company here..
I'm glad you and the General didn't have to leave us. We would feel quite deserted..
Of course. Tomorrow, perhaps, before I go?
I adore hearing Thea sing -- but my poor head's beginning to ache.  I'm so sorry.
M~ father will take care of it.  Pappa is wonderful! No matter what happens, he makes me feel perfectly safe.  I could never leave him. I should be utterly helpless by myself.
I hope Mr. Jacks gets to bed in one piece.
That was my companion. She sings little peasant songs quite nicely -- a completely untrained voice, of course.
You were singing, weren't you? A beautiful voice, Miss St. Aubyn.
They shall not hurt you
Shh——— it's all right -— I'll be all right.
In the morning -- go. I'll not die until then —- I'll not die —— I'll watch -— they shall not hurt you.
It's getting dark. I can't leave now.
No, that's Thea's bed. Miss Wollsten's bed is in there.
Miss Wollsten shares the room with you?
How kind you are. It is so comforting to know that someone cares.
I have been troubled about you. I want you to know that my room is just downstairs --  You have only to cry out if you are ill —— or frightened.
I was looking for you.
What are you doing?
How old is she?
She has never mentioned her family.
Has she spoken to you of her father and her mother?
Some village in the mountains -- Alethera, I think.
Has that girl -- has Thea ever told you where she comes from?
I'm so ill, I'm so exhausted -- I almost don't care.
Poor child. These must be horrible days for you.
We quarreled. She never dared get angry or frightened -- but I said things to her -- it was an attack, I know it was.
It was, the plague
Suppose, she isn't dead. Suppose it was a cataleptic attack?
She is dead — at peace.
When I close my eyes, I see Miss Wollsten. I can't think of anything else.
You should sleep, Cathy. Lie down and close your eyes. Try to forget everything.
I will let him go. He is dead to me as he is to all my mother's people. I turn my hand against him.
That should decide it or you --
I felt he did not like me.
I don't know. As a child. I longed for a father and now —- I don't know ——
Come, Thea, if you're going to claim him as your father you've got to make up your mind. They'll be leaving any minute.
The General — you don't even know him.
But one must love a father.
Thea, your choice is a very simple one. Either you want to claim him as your father, or you do not.
My last name is Pherides.
I have forgotten it, dear.
You have forgotten my last name?
What is it -- what are you talking about?
I do not know him, but I have seen him.
Thea -- you're hiding something. Why do you suddenly speak of your father? You told me once you had never seen him -- didn't know him --
Why, I love my father because - because I do. Of course, he's nice to me.
I mean, does one love a father because he is good and kind -—or just because he is one's father?
What an odd question!
Cathy —- how does it feel to have a father?
Thea is an orphan.
You are fortunate in your father.
And the soldier -- He looked at me so strangely -- who is he?
The young man, Mr. Davis, seems to be some kind of an unofficial observer —— a correspondent of some sort ——
Wouldn't I?
You wouldn't tell that ——
When I tell him that you're unfit to live a normal life with normal people —- a cataleptic!
You'd do anything to get Oliver away from Thea. But I'm going to stop you. I'm going to tell Mr. Davis exactly what you are.
Really, this is idiotic!
You've been playing on the superstitions of that poor old man — — working at him — — turning him against Thea.
Would you care to explain what you're talking about?
I've always known what an evil mind lay behind that pretty weak face of yours —— but this, Cathy -- even I would never have believed it is of you.
No. I mean your other secret -—	the one you kept bidden even from my father. That old doctor in London -- he told me.
That your father and I ——
You will not say one single word. I know your secret.
You're planing something, Cathy.. But I won't let you —- I'll warn them against you.
Why, I'm fond of Thea.
) But Thea -- She stands in your way. I know you. I know your little hints —— the way you can turn the truth into a lie --
What if he is?
Mr. Davis seems a good prospect ——young handsome, sympathetic -- ready to listen to you and feel sorry for you - -
What would I be thinking?
Didn't you? But now -- what are you thinking now?
You were father's secretary -— I never thought - -
Your father loved me.  He wanted to marry me. But he was afraid of hurting the gentle, delicate Cathy. You spoiled his life ——you've ruined mine ——
How do you know what my father thought - -
Your father knew it too. But he was never sure how much was pretense.
You and your mysterious illness. A new attack everytime you are crossed — everytime you can't get your own way.
Miss Wollsten!
They were talking about the Vrykolakas this morning. Cathy, that's what you are —— a weak, pale, half-dead thing that drains all the life and joy from those who want to live.
Whet do you mean?
I wish I didn't have such bitter knowledge of you, Cathy.
Never fear -- when you are dead you will remain dead. I will see to it that you do not walk about again. I promise you that. There is another one here who can not die. I will watch you both. Never fear.
That's superstition. That's something out of old tales -- about the dead who live —- I'm talking of something else --cataleptic attacks -- apparent death that is not real.
You ask that of me? You're afraid to live in your coffin. You know what that means?
No, I want more than that. I beg you General, make sure --drive a knife through my heart -- anything.
If you should fall sick we'll be careful. You need not worry.
I don't want to be buried alive. If I die I want to be sure —- quite sure.
I don't understand you.
I have not had a happy life --but that one thing - - that terror which brings me awake out of deep sleep —- I want to avoid it.
Yes?
I'm a woman -- a lonely woman. I have few friends.
He's dead enough. God rest his soul.
Because he was a brave man - because I liked him -- I came here to be sure.
He sleeps quietly. He died with a wine glass in his hand -- he died laughing -- a brave man, Drossos, like his father before him.
I wanted to be sure of something, General -- something that has always preyed on my mind. I have a horror of being buried alive and awakening to find myself shut in —- entombed —— imprisoned..
Woman, what are you doing here?
I don't care who he is. He doesn't know.	He can't tell ——
This is Dr. Drossos, chief medical officer of my division.
No. No. I won't believe it. He's not dead.
I will go with you.
This girl -- Thea —- is not a servant in my household, sir. She is my daughter's companion. Now, sir, if you'll excuse me, I'll go have a look at Mr. Jacks.
This girl --
Why -- no not before Thea came ——
Was she ill before that girl came into your household?
Nothing, really. She's been under a great strain -- the journey -- the battle --
What is her illness?
She's not too well.
Your daughter is ill.
Miss Wollsten -— my secretary, she'd know.
You do not know her last name -- you do not know from where she came?
Damn me, if I know. She's become so much a member of our household I never think of her by any name but Thea -- she has a last name --
Her family name?
Theodosia.
Her name is Thea?
I don't really know where Thea comes from. The Vice—Consul at Adrianople brought her to me..
She was born before your wife returned here to die. You never knew.
Daughter -- my daughter --
Not Theodosia. Theodosia's daughter -- your daughter.
Theodosia --
I shall not leave the island ——
Come —- you'll feel yourself again as soon as we get off this dismal island.
I have had command for the last time —-
When you make sense I'll listen.
Listen to what I say --
That's ridiculous -- Thea's lovely, gentle —-
If I told you —— you wouldn't believe me -- but this much I can tell you —— the girl is dangerous to you. Take a friend's advice -- an old man' s advice -- leave her alone -—
And I'm your friend —— but that doesn't explain why you are always trying to come between Thea and me?
You are my friend.
I had a notion you had become self—appointed chaperone lately — why?
In a way -- this girl, Thea. You must stay away from her.
Is this what you wanted to speak to me about?
I don' t know. When I was gone the people from her village came to my home seeking vengeance. They bore her away with them. Months later she came back ——pale -- sick -- she died --
How did she die?
She was beautiful. There was blood between her family and my kin. But that did not stop me from taking her when I saw her beauty, nor did it stop her from loving me.
If she looked like Thea, she must have been beautiful.
Thea is so like her —— in every feature ——
Dr. Drossos will tell us. We will know what to do then.
We still don't know that it's the plague ——
Better no general than one carrying the plague.
But the war, the army —— they need you.
Until we know, what choice is there? We have to stay.
The rider on the pale horse is Pestilence. He follows the wars.
Plague? There's no possibility of that, is there?
I've seen men die drunk —- and I've seen men die of the plague.
We have no time for that.
Well, at any rate, I would like to say goodbye to the girl.
It is not necessary to understand. We are leaving and I am thankful.
I can't understand that.
It makes me fear her.
But that should make you like her.
I know all you are going to say —-I have been saying it to myself, but the thought will not leave my mind. She resembles my wife -—there is something about her ——the way she moves —— the way she turns her head.
Oh, now —— now look here ——
There is something evil about her.
Thea?
I will be glad to leave this island. It has too much of that old dark world about it. I will be glad to leave it and that girl ——
It doesn't seem to bother you much, General.
You are a happy man Oliver. You have but one world to live in —- the world of today. I have two worlds. I have that old dark world of peasant ignorance and superstition in which I was brought up and a new world which the army gave me —— a world of mathematics, gun ranges,logistics, tactics, strategy.
Maybe you've got the wrong crypt —— after all it's twenty years when you wore last here.
She is not there. The coffin is gone.
I'll only go as far as the shore and wait for you.
There's no one there -— nothing but the caves and the dead.
Do you mind if I go with you?
You were at those battles as a spectator — — I wonder if you can think what that sound might mean to me —— those men out there —— dead or dying —— by my order -- because I willed it so.
I heard the same sound at Ladysmith, at Nukden, Port Arthur.  What do you expect after a battle?
You know that sound, Oliver?
In the New York Morning Globe, the man who wins victory is always a hero. -
Hero?
Why not Take the doctor's advice? You're the hero of the battle of Corphon.
No -- you musn't. He thinks I've bewitched you. He won't believe it —- he'll hate me even more! My only chance is to stay away from him.
Let me tell him. When he knows you are his child, he'll forget these insane notions -—
For a moment, when he looked at me so sadly, I felt that I had wronged him. But then --
Because she loved him.  I know him, Thea. Believe me, he is not a cruel man.
Then why does he persecute me? My family told me what kind of man he is, how he stole my mother and then abandoned her --
I don't think so, Thea. He has spoken of your mother. I don't believe he knows you are his daughter.
It is for that he hates me.
Thea, what is this? What are you trying to tell me? "He stole your mother" —-
It is more than a feud between two families. He stole my mother away from her people.
I knew that feuds still went on, but I didn't think people like you and the General would be involved.
He hates all my race.
Why in the world can't you?
I can't.
Well, tell, him.
He keeps asking for the name of my father and mother.
Oh, that Vrykolaka business. You mustn't be too angry with him, Thea. He's an old man and now with all this trouble —— the disappointment in not being able to lead his own army to victory -- cooped up here waiting for death - naturally his mind goes back to the things he believed when he was an ignorant lad in some mountain village.
The General threatened me.
Thea, what's wrong?
You see? Thea believes it, too!
Please.. You shouldn't laugh --
Don't let it trouble you. He's an old man and these last few days have been a terrible strain on him. He won't harm you.
Sometimes when he looks at me in that strange way, I'm afraid of him.
What's bothering you, Thea? Is it the General?
Everything's so simple. I like you.
I don't know. Everything's so mixed up --
You're crying. Why?
So I suppose I should give it to miserable failures like you and that idiot brother of yours to spend for me.
Mr. Potter, what makes you such a hard-skulled character? You have no family –– no children. You can't begin to spend all the money you've got.
Well, all right . . .
Are you running a business or a charity ward?
But they're somebody's children.
I can't do that. These families have children.
Then foreclose!
Times are bad, Mr. Potter. A lot of these people are out of work.
All I'm asking is thirty days more . . .
Well, you're begging, and that's a whole lot worse.
I'm not crying, Mr. Potter.
I'm hurrying.
Hurry up . . . hurry up . . . hurry up.
All right –– all right.
Get that ladder up here.
The groom, idiot. Come on, get that ladder.
Who?
Come on, we got to get this up. He's coming.
Sure I have, but I got rid of it.
How would you like to get a ticket next week? Haven't you any romance in you?
Hey, this is the company's posters, and the company won't like this.
What did . . .
Know you? Are you kiddin'? I've been looking all over town trying to find you. I saw your car piled into that tree down there, and I thought maybe . . . Hey, your mouth's bleeding; are you sure you're all right?
Don't . . . George?
What the Sam Hill you yelling for, George?
I hate to do this, fella.
Bert, now listen to me. Ernie, will you take me over to my mother's house? Bert, listen!  It's that fellow there –– he says he's an angel –– he's tried to hypnotize me.
Bert, what's happened to this house? Where's Mary? Where's my kids?
Stand back.
Bert! Thank heaven you're here!
All right, put up your hands. No fast moves. Come on out here, both of you.
Ernie, I'm a rich tourist today. How about driving me home in style?
George . . .
Well . . .  . . . now, come right in here, Mr. Carter.
Yeah, very funny.
Good year? Well, between you and me, Mr. Carter, we're broke.
Well, I guess they do those things. Well, I trust you had a good year.
We're all excited around here.  My brother just got the Congressional Medal of Honor. The President just decorated him.
Merry Christmas.
Mr. Carter, Merry Christmas.
Carter –– bank examiner.
Good morning, sir.
Where is she?
She's . . .
I'm not supposed to tell.
If you know where she is, tell me where my wife is.
I . . .
I don't know how you know these things, but tell me –– where is she?
Oh, well, I can't . . .
Where's Mary?
Yes, George?
Clarence . . .
Oh, I'm not sure of anything anymore. All I know is this should be Bailey Park. But where are the houses?
Are you sure this is Bailey Park?
Sure I know where he lives. He lives in Bailey Park.
You know where he lives?
Zuzu's petals.
What?
There is no George Bailey. You have no papers, no cards, no driver's license, no 4-F card, no insurance policy . . . 
What do you mean, no identity? My name's George Bailey.
You're nobody. You have no identity.
Then if I wasn't born, who am I?
Don't you understand, George? It's because you were not born.
Well then, why am I seeing all these strange things?
No, of course not.
Yeah, yeah, I know. You told me that. What else are you? What . . . are you a hypnotist?
What do you mean, I wasn't there? I remember distinctly . . .
You see, George, you were not there to stop Gower from putting that poison into the . . .
Why? Don't they believe in angels?
Look, I think maybe you better not mention getting your wings around here.
Every time you hear a bell ring, it means that some angel's just got his wings.
Made what?
Oh-oh. Somebody's just made it.
I jumped in the river to save you so I could get my wings.
No wonder you jumped in the river.
No.
You don't huh? Well, you got any money?
No.
Oh, yeah. Hey, little fellow –– you worry me. You got someplace to sleep?
You'll see a lot of strange things from now on.
What's the matter with him. I never saw Nick act like that before.
Well, maybe I left the car up at Martini's. Well, come on, Gabriel.
It isn't me!
Oh, I don't know. Either I'm off my nut, or he is . . .  . . . or you are!
Well, I had a car, and it was right here. I guess somebody moved it.
You have no car.
You haven't got your wings. Yeah, that's right.
I can't fly. I haven't got any wings.
Our clothes are dry.
It's stopped snowing out, hasn't it? What's happened here?  Come on, soon as these clothes of ours are dry . . .
Your lip's stopped bleeding, too, George.
Well, that's the doggonedest thing . . . I haven't heard anything out of that ear since I was a kid. Must have been that jump in the cold water.
You've never been born. You don't exist. You haven't a care in the world.
What did you say?
Oh, you mustn't say things like that. You . . .  . . . wait a minute. Wait a minute. That's an idea.  What do you think? Yeah, that'll do it. All right.  You've got your wish. You've never been born.
I said I wish I'd never been born.
What'd you say?
Now look, you mustn't talk like that. I won't get my wings with that attitude. You just don't know all that you've done. If it hadn't been for you . . .
I found it out a little late. I'm worth more dead than alive.
Oh, tut, tut, tut.
Oh, that's right, I keep forgetting. Comes in pretty handy down here, bub.
Oh, no, no. We don't use money in Heaven.
Only one way you can help me. You don't happen to have eight thousand bucks on you?
By letting me help you.
Oh, I've got to earn them, and you'll help me, won't you?
I don't know whether I like it very much being seen around with an angel without any wings.
I haven't won my wings yet. That's why I'm an angel Second Class.
Well, you look about like the kind of an angel I'd get. Sort of a fallen angel, aren't you? What happened to your wings?
I told you –– I'm your guardian angel. I know everything about you.
Ridiculous of you to think of killing yourself for money. Eight thousand dollars.
I wouldn't be a bit surprised.
That's what I was sent down for. I'm your guardian angel.
Angel, Second Class.
Odbody . . . A-S-2. What's that A-S-2?
Clarence Odbody, A-S-2.
Well, who are you, then?
Oh, no.
What are you, a mind reader or something?
Oh, I know all about you. I've watched you grow up from a little boy.
Suicide.
Go through with what?
Well, I did, didn't I? You didn't go through with it, did you?
You what? To save me?
Yes, but George . . .
. . . two of them as they were about to crash into a transport full of soldiers.
No!
Now, you've probably already guessed that George never leaves Bedford Falls.
Yes, but what happened to George?
That's right. Not only that, but he gave his school money to his brother Harry, and sent him to college. Harry became a football star –– made second team All American.
I know. I know. He didn't go.
Well, wait and see.
Did he ever marry the girl? Did he ever go exploring?
Not a soul.
It's a good face. I like it. I like George Bailey. Tell me, did he ever tell anyone about the pills?
That's the kid.
Oh, you mean the kid that had his ears slapped back by the druggist.
George Bailey.
Who is it?
I want you to take a good look at that face.
What did you stop it for?
That's him when he was twelve, back in 1919. Something happens here you'll have to remember later on.
A boy?
That's your problem, George Bailey.
Hey, who's that?
Oh, wonderful!
If you ever get your wings, you'll see all by yourself.
Why, yes. This is amazing.
Oh, I forgot. You haven't got your wings yet. Now look, I'll help you out. Concentrate. Begin to see something?
Where? I don't see a thing.
Well, keep your eyes open. See the town?
Well, naturally. Of course.
If you're going to help a man, you want to know something about him, don't you?
Sit down? What are . . .
Poor George . . . Sit down.
Oh, thank you, sir. Thank you.
Clarence, you do a good job with George Bailey, and you'll get your wings.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
What's that book you've got there?
Sir . . . If I should accomplish this mission –– I mean –– might I perhaps win my wings? I've been waiting for over two hundred years now, sir –– and people are beginning to talk.
You will spend that hour getting acquainted with George Bailey.
Oh, dear, dear! His life! Then I've only got an hour to dress. What are they wearing now?
No, worse. He's discouraged. At exactly ten-forty-five PM tonight, Earth time, that man will be thinking seriously of throwing away God's greatest gift.
Splendid! Is he sick?
Yes, Clarence. A man down on earth needs our help.
You sent for me, sir?
I know that girl!
I know. I know.
Hey, Violet!  Hey, listen –– that's Violet Bick!
They went out of business years ago.
The Bailey Building and Loan. It was up there.
The Building and what?
Hey . . . hey. Where did the Building and Loan move to?
You can keep him on. That's all right. As secretary you can hire anyone you like.
Oh, no! But, Uncle Billy . . .
That's the best part of it. They've appointed George here as executive secretary to take his father's place.
What's that?
It was his faith and devotion that are responsible for this organization.
Thank you very much.
Now we come to the real purpose of this meeting –– to appoint a successor to our dear friend, Peter Bailey.
Thanks.
I want the Board to know that George gave up his trip to Europe to help straighten things out here these past few months. Good luck to you at school, George.
Well, this house ain't been lived in for twenty years.
Of course it's the place.
Is this the place?
Okay. Just step on it. Just get me home.
Look, bud, what's the idea? I live in a shack in Potter's Field and my wife ran away three years ago and took the kid . . . And I ain't never seen you before in my life.
All right.
Yeah –– yeah –– hurry up. Zuzu's sick.
Okay. Three-twenty Sycamore? . . .
Aw, now, doggone it, Ernie, don't you start pulling that stuff. You know where I live. Three-twenty Sycamore. Now hurry up.
Oh, look at this. Champagne!
Bert, the cop, sent this over. He said to float away to Happy Land on the bubbles.
Hey, look! Somebody's driving this cab.
If either of you two see a stranger around here, it's me.
Hi, Bert.
Hiya, George!
Hey, Ernie!
Yes, sir.
Joseph, now show him what happened today.
On V-J Day he wept and prayed again.
Yes, but he's got the faith of a child –– simple. Joseph, send for Clarence.
Because, you know, sir, he's got the I.Q. of a rabbit.
Oh –– Clarence. Hasn't got his wings yet, has he? We've passed him up right along.
That's why I came to see you, sir. It's that clock-maker's turn again.
George Bailey. Yes, tonight's his crucial night. You're right, we'll have to send someone down immediately. Whose turn is it?
Looks like we'll have to send someone down –– a lot of people are asking for help for a man named George Bailey.
Hello, Joseph, trouble?
That's a lie. He's been in the insane asylum ever since he lost his business. And if you ask me, that's where you belong.
Today, over at the house.
When'd you see him last?
Well, sure I do.
Get over what? I don't take in strangers unless they're sent here by somebody I know.
Oh, Mother, Mother, please help me. Something terrible's happened to me. I don't know what it is. Something's happened to everybody. Please let me come in. Keep me here until I get over it.
Mother? What do you want?
Mother . . .
Well?
Fine.
Zuzu –– Zuzu. My little gingersnap! How do you feel?
Daddy!
Uh-huh.
It will?
I know –– I know, but you just go to sleep, and then you can dream about it, and it'll be a whole garden.
I'm not sleepy. I want to look at my flower.
Will you try to get some sleep?
What?
Give the flower a drink.
There it is, good as new.
Yeah, all right. Now, I'll paste this together.
Look, Daddy . . . paste it.
All right, all right. Here, give Daddy the flower. I'll give it a drink.
Want to give my flower a drink.
Wait now. Where do you think you're going?
I won a flower.
Well, what happened to you?
Hi, Daddy.
Goodbye, Sam.
So long, George. See you in the funny papers.
I'm not rubbing it in. Well, I guess we better run along.
Oh, now, don't rub it in.
Still got the nose to the old grindstone, eh? Jane, I offered to let George in on the ground floor in plastics, and he turned me down cold.
Oh, I'm afraid I couldn't get away, Sam.
Oh . . .
We just stopped in town to take a look at the new factory, and then we're going to drive on down to Florida.
Hee-haw!
Hee-haw!
Yep.
Yeah –– old Joe College Wainwright, they call me. Well, freshman, looks like you're going to make it after all.
Old college graduate now, huh?
Oh, this afternoon. I thought I'd give the kids a treat.
Oh, oh. Sam Wainwright! How are you? When did you get here?
A cattle boat?
I'm working across on a cattle boat.
What boat you sailing on?
That's my trick ear, Joe. It sounded as if you said no charge.
No charge.
Now you're talkin'. Gee whiz, I could use this as a raft in case the boat sunk. How much does this cost?
I see, a flying carpet, huh? I don't suppose you'd like this old second-hand job, would you?
Big –– see! I don't want one for one night. I want something for a thousand and one nights, with plenty of room for labels from Italy and Baghdad, Samarkand . . . a great big one.
Please don't go away –– please!
I'm all right.
Oh, no –– you don't feel so good.
I'm all right.
Oh, no, Please, don't go out this way, Mr. Bailey.
The last time he come in here. You hear that, Nick?
Oh –– Welch. That's what I get for praying.
He's gone. Don't worry. His name is Welch. He don't come in to my place no more.
All in . . .
Goodbye, everybody!
I own the house. Me, Giuseppe Martini. I own my own house. No more we live like pigs in thisa Potter's Field. Hurry, Maria.
What's that?
Now, if you'll just point me in the right direction . . . This direction?  Good night, Mrs. Bailey.
Oh, George!
Well, here's your hat, what's your hurry? All right, Mother, old Building and Loan pal, I think I'll go out and find a girl and do a little passionate necking.
Uh-huh.
Mother, you know, I can see right through you –– right back to your back collar button . . . trying to get rid of me, huh?
And all's fair in love and war?
And besides, Sam Wainwright's away in New York, and you're here in Bedford Falls.
Oh . . .
Well, I've got eyes, haven't I? Why, she lights up like a firefly whenever you're around.
Well then, how do you know?
No.
Well, how do you know? Did she discuss it with you?
Well, she's not crazy about him.
Yes. Sam's crazy about Mary.
Hmmm?
Sure –– Sam Wainwright.
Can you give me one good reason why you shouldn't call on Mary?
Hmmm . . .
Oh, stop that grunting.
Hmmm . . .
Kind that will help you find the answers, George.
Hmmmm . . .
Nice girl, Mary.
Hmmmm . . .
Came back three days ago.
Uh-huh.
Did you know that Mary Hatch is back from school?
Keep him out of Bedford Falls, anyway.
Looks like she can keep Harry on his toes.
She's swell.
No. No.
Mr. Gower! Mr. Gower! This is George Bailey! Don't you know me?
Hope you enjoy it.
Oh, it's wonderful.
Aw, forget it.
Mr. Gower . . . Mr. Gower . . . thanks ever so much for the bag. It's just exactly what I wanted.
Oh, George.
Mr. Gower, I won't ever tell anyone. I know what you're feeling. I won't ever tell a soul. Hope to die, I won't.
Don't hurt my ear again!
No . . . No . . . No. . .
Yes, sir.
Aw, get going!
Mr. Gower, I think . . .
Yes –– charge.
Is it a charge, sir?
Ummmm . . .
Yes, sir. They have the diphtheria there, haven't they, sir?
No.
Anything I can do back here?
No.
Mr. Gower, do you want something . . . Anything?
No, sir.
You're not paid to be a canary.
Yes, sir.
George! George!
What's that got to do with it? I don't know you from Adam's off ox.  Hey, you! Rummy! Come here! Come here!
Well, Nick, that's your name, isn't it?
Look, Nick. What's wrong?
That does it! Out you two pixies go, through the door or out the window!
Okay.  What's yours?
Okay –– all right. Double bourbon, quick, huh?
No, no, Martini. Your boss. Where is he?
You want a martini?
Where's my insurance policy?  Oh, here . . .
Yes, you bet.
Have a good time, son.
I'm going to miss old Annie. Pop, I think I'll get dressed and go over to Harry's party.
Pop, do you want a shock? I think you're a great guy.
This town is no place for any man unless he's willing to crawl to Potter. You've got talent, son. You get yourself an education. Then get out of here.
You see what I mean, don't you, Pop?
Yes . . . Yes . . . You're right, son.
Oh, now, Pop, I couldn't. I couldn't face being cooped up for the rest of my life in a shabby little office.
I know it's soon to talk about it.
No, I'll settle for half that in cash.
Still after that first million before you're thirty.
Oh, well, you know what I've always talked about –– build things . . . design new buildings –– plan modern cities –– all that stuff I was talking about.
I say, maybe you were born older. I suppose you've decided what you're going to do when you get out of college.
How's that?
Maybe you were born older, George.
Well, no younger than I was.
He's pretty young for that job.
We have that all figured out. You see, Harry'll take my job at the Building and Loan, work there four years, then he'll go.
Pretty much. You know, George, wish we could send Harry to college with you. Your mother and I talked it over half the night.
Father, did I act like that when I graduated from high school?
Oh, he's a sick man. Frustrated and sick. Sick in his mind, sick in his soul, if he has one. Hates everybody that has anything that he can't have. Hates us mostly, I guess.
I wonder what's eating that old money-grubbing buzzard anyway?
I thought when we put him on the Board of Directors, he'd ease up on us a little bit.
Oh . . .
Oh, I had another tussle with Potter today.
I'm going to miss you, too, Pop. What's the matter? You look tired.
Hope you have a good trip, George. Uncle Billy and I are going to miss you.
Harry . . . Harry . . .
Hello, George, how are you?
Oh, wait. Wait . . . Wait a minute.
She's home cooking the fatted calf. Come on, let's go.
Say, where's Mother?
Oh, am I glad to see you.
Did you get a doctor?
Come on, George, let's hurry.
Mary . . . Mary, I'm sorry. I've got to go.
I hope it works.
Couldn't want a better death. Lots of pretty girls, and we're going to use that new floor of yours tonight, too.
What do you mean, and be bored to death?
Very funny. Very funny.
Got a match?
Aw, come on. Be a sport. Just dance with her one time and you'll give her the thrill of her life.
Oh . . . me? Oh, well, I feel funny enough already, with all these kids.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Well, you remember my kid sister, Mary?
What's that?
Do me a favor, will you, George?
Hiya, Marty. Well, it's old home week.
George.
I'm not going to go, George. I changed my mind.
Violet Bick!
Now, let's hear from you . . .
Yeah –– yeah . . . sure I will.
Say hello to New York for me.
What do you want to do, hock your furs, and that hat? Want to walk to New York? You know, they charge for meals and rent up there just the same as they do in Bedford Falls.
I know, but . . .
Here, now, you're broke, aren't you?
No, George, don't . . .
Why, of course you can. Come on in the office here.
George, can I see you for a second?
Then we can go up to the falls. It's beautiful up there in the moonlight, and there's a green pool up there, and we can swim in it. Then we can climb Mt. Bedford, and smell the pines, and watch the sunrise against the peaks, and . . . we'll stay up there the whole night, and everybody'll be talking and there'll be a terrific scandal . . .
Huh?
Let's go out in the fields and take off our shoes and walk through the grass.
Oh, I'll probably end up down at the library.
Where are you going?
Nothing.
What gives?
Hello, Vi.
Hello, Georgie-Porgie.
Hello, what am I bid?
Hello, Violet.
Hey, George . . .
Hello, Violet. Hey, you look good. That's some dress you got on there.
Good afternoon, Mr. Bailey.
She was here first.
Two cents worth of shoelaces?
Yeah . . yeah . . . maybe . . . maybe . . .
And did you put the envelope in your pocket?
This way.
All right. All right. Now we'll go over every step you took since you left the house.
Nothing. Not even a stick of gum.
Now look, did you buy anything?
We'll save them for seed. A toast!
Get a tray for these great big important simoleons.
Those Rockefellers!
Yeah . . .  . . . you can take this one off now.
George, was it a nice wedding? Gosh, I wanted to be there.
Hello?
Yes, hello? George . . . it's Potter.
The whole town's gone crazy.
And then I got scared, George, and closed the doors. I . . . I . . . I . . .
Holy mackerel!
Every cent of it, and it still was less than we owe.
All of it?
About an hour ago. I had to hand over all our cash.
When?
How does anything like this ever start? All I know is the bank called our loan.
All right now, what happened? How did it start?
I just did, but they said you left. This is a pickle, George, this is a pickle.
Why didn't you call me?
George . . .
What is this, Uncle Billy? A holiday?
That way, huh?
Now you just turn this way and go right straight down.
Old Building and Loan pal, huh . . .
Right down here.
Oh, thank you, George, old boy, old boy. Now, look –– if you'll point me in the right direction . . . would you do that? George?
Well, how do you do. Congratulations. Congratulations. What am I doing?
Well, what do you know –– wife.
How do you do.
Hello.
Peanut?
No, no, no, no! Anchor chains, plane motors, and train whistles.
Uh-huh. Breakfast is served; lunch is served; dinner . . .
There's a squall in there that's shapin' up into a storm.
It's important.
Some other time, George.
Got to see Pop, Uncle Billy.
Avast, there, Captain Cook! Where you headin'?
Five hundred dollars.
Yes . . . how much is your equity in it?
I see. I've suddenly become quite important. What kind of security would I have, George? Have you got any stocks?
They don't have that kind of money, Mr. Potter. You know that. You're the only one in town that can help me.
Well, what about all your other friends?
I can't get hold of him. He's in Europe.
Not that it makes any difference to me, but why did you come to me? Why don't you go to Sam Wainwright and ask him for the money?
What is it –– a woman, then? You know, it's all over town that you've been giving money to Violet Bick.
No, sir. No, sir. I haven't.
No, sir. I didn't want the publicity. Harry's homecoming tomorrow . . .
Have you notified the police?
Yes, sir.
All right, sir.
In the meantime, I'll draw up the papers.
I'd like to do that.
Sure, sure, sure. You go on home and talk about it to your wife.
Well, Mr. Potter, I . . . I . . . I know I ought to jump at the chance, but I . . . I just . . . I wonder if it would be possible for you to give me twenty-four hours to think it over?
Oh, confound it, man, are you afraid of success? I'm offering you a three year contract at twenty thousand dollars a year, starting today. Is it a deal or isn't it?
Well, what about the Building and Loan?
Oh, yes, George Bailey. Whose ship has just come in –– providing he has brains enough to climb aboard.
Would I?  You're not talking to somebody else around here, are you? You know, this is me, you remember me? George Bailey.
You wouldn't mind living in the nicest house in town, buying your wife a lot of fine clothes, a couple of business trips to New York a year, maybe once in a while Europe. You wouldn't mind that, would you, George?
The envious ones say that, George, the suckers. Now, I have stated my side very frankly. Now, let's look at your side. Young man, twenty-seven, twenty-eight . . . married, making, say . . . forty a week.
Yes. Well, most people say you stole all the rest.
You like it? I'll send you a box.
Thank you, sir. Quite a cigar, Mr. Potter.
I know very well what you're talking about. You're talking about something you can't get your fingers on, and it's galling you. That's what you're talking about, I know.  Well, I've said too much. I . . . You're the Board here. You do what you want with this thing. Just one thing more, though. This town needs this measly one-horse institution if only to have some place where people can come without crawling to Potter. Come on, Uncle Billy!
I'm not interested in your book. I'm talking about the Building and Loan.
Just a minute –– just a minute. Now, hold on, Mr. Potter. You're right when you say my father was no business man. I know that. Why he ever started this cheap, penny-ante Building and Loan, I'll never know. But neither you nor anybody else can say anything against his character, because his whole life was . . . Why, in the twenty-five years since he and Uncle Billy started this thing, he never once thought of himself. Isn't that right, Uncle Billy? He didn't save enough money to send Harry to school, let alone me. But he did help a few people get out of your slums, Mr. Potter. And what's wrong with that? Why . . . Here, you're all businessmen here. Doesn't it make them better citizens? Doesn't it make them better customers? You . . . you said . . . What'd you say just a minute ago? . . . They had to wait and save their money before they even ought to think of a decent home. Wait! Wait for what? Until their children grow up and leave them? Until they're so old and broken-down that they . . . Do you know how long it takes a working man to save five thousand dollars? Just remember this, Mr. Potter, that this rabble you're talking about . . . they do most of the working and paying and living and dying in this community. Well, is it too much to have them work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent rooms and a bath? Anyway, my father didn't think so. People were human beings to him, but to you, a warped, frustrated old man, they're cattle. Well, in my book he died a much richer man than you'll ever be!
You see, if you shoot pool with some employee here, you can come and borrow money. What does that get us? A discontented, lazy rabble instead of a thrifty working class. And all because a few starry-eyed dreamers like Peter Bailey stir them up and fill their heads with a lot of impossible ideas. Now, I say . . .
Yes, sir.
They're not my children.
Pop!
Have you put any real pressure on those people of yours to pay those mortgages?
Pop!
Well, now listen. I want you to put every cent you've got into our stock, you hear? And George, I may have a job for you; that is, unless you're still married to that broken-down Building and Loan. This is the biggest thing since radio, and I'm letting you in on the ground floor. Oh, Mary . . . Mary . . .
Money? Yeah . . . well, a little.
That so? Well, I'll tell him. Hey, that sounds great! Oh, baby, I knew you'd come through. Now, here's the point. Mary, Mary, you're in on this too. Now listen. Have you got any money?
Oh, I don't know . . . why not right here? You remember that old tool and machinery works? You tell your father he can get that for a song. And all the labor he wants, too. Half the town was thrown out of work when they closed down.
Well, why not? Can you think of anything better?
Rochester? Well, why Rochester?
Well, Dad's snapped up the idea. He's going to build a factory outside of Rochester. How do you like that?
Huh? Yeah-yeah-yeah . . . soybeans. Yeah.
I have a big deal coming up that's going to make us all rich. George, you remember that night in Martini's bar when you told me you read someplace about making plastics out of soybeans?
You have no idea what happened . . .
You have no idea what's happened to me.
Oh, George, George!
Mary! Let me touch you! Oh, you're real!
Oh, George, George, George.
George, darling! Where have you been?
Mary! Mary!
Going up to see Zuzu.
Where're you going?
Just a teensie one –– ninety-nine, six. She'll be all right.
Is she running a temperature? What is it?
Yes, I called him right away. He says it's nothing to worry about.
The doctor? Was the doctor here?
Just a cold. The doctor says it's nothing serious.
What is it, a sore throat or what?
Oh, she's got a cold. She's in bed. Caught it coming home from school. They gave her a flower for a prize and she didn't want to crush it so she didn't button up her coat.
Zuzu! What's the matter with Zuzu?
Left them at the office.
Where's your coat and hat?
Yeah, just started.
Is it snowing?
Lassos the stork! You mean you . . . What is it, a boy or a girl?
George Bailey lassos stork.
My baby.
You didn't even have a honeymoon. I promised you . . .  . . . Your what?
I didn't want to marry anybody else in town. I want my baby to look like you.
You could have married Sam Wainwright or anybody else in town.
To keep from being an old maid.
Mary Hatch, why in the world did you ever marry a guy like me?
Hi.
Hi.
Thanks for dropping around.
Have fun.
Darling, you're wonderful.
Remember the night we broke the windows in this old house? This is what I wished for.
Oh, Mary . . .
I'll be back in a minute, Mary.
Please, let's not stop, George.
Just a minute, dear. Oh-oh . . .
That does it –– come here.
After that, who cares?
You know what we're going to do? We're going to shoot the works. A whole week in New York. A whole week in Bermuda. The highest hotels –– the oldest champagne –– the richest caviar –– the hottest music, and the prettiest wife!
I feel like a bootlegger's wife.  Look!
Where are we going?  Look at this. There's the kitty, Ernie. Here, come on, count it, Mary.
Mary . . .
George . . . George . . . George . . .
No, marriage is all right for Harry, and Marty, and Sam and you.
Oh, it's just marriage in general you're not enthusiastic about, huh?
Well, of course I like her. She's a peach.
Don't you like her?
Oh . . . yeah, yeah. That's all right.
Thank you.
Well, I see it still smells like pine needles in here.
Well, then, sit down.
No, I don't want to be rude.
Would you rather leave?
All right, for a minute. I still can't understand it though. You know I didn't tell anybody I was coming here.
Oh, I worked there for a couple of vacations, but I don't know . . . I guess I was homesick.
It's all right. I thought you'd go back to New York like Sam and Ingie, and the rest of them.
Do you like it?
Where'd you get that dress?
Tuesday.
When did you get back?
Well, I'll come in for a minute, but I didn't tell anybody I was coming over here.
Well, are you coming in or aren't you?
I didn't tell anybody. I just went for a walk and happened to be passing by . . .
Didn't you tell her?
My mother just called you? Well, how did she know?
About coming in. Your mother just phoned and said you were on your way over to pay me a visit.
About what?
Have you made up your mind?
How's that?
Yeah, so I noticed. Have you made up your mind?
Hello, Mary. I just happened to be passing by.
I'm going to scream!
They're way downtown. They'd be on my side, too.
Gesundheit. This requires a little thought here.
Ouch!
Well, then you could swallow it and it'd all dissolve, see? And the moonbeams'd shoot out of your fingers and your toes, and the ends of your hair.  Am I talking too much?
I'll take it. And then what?
What is it you want, Mary? What do you want? You want the moon? Just say . . .
If I told you it might not come true.
Come on, tell me.
Oh, no.
Well, not just one wish. A whole hatful, Mary. I know what I'm going to do tomorrow and the next day and the next year and the year after that. I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet and I'm going to see the world. Italy, Greece, the Parthenon, the Colosseum. Then I'm coming back here and go to college and see what they know . . . and then I'm going to build things. I'm gonna build air fields. I'm gonna build skyscrapers a hundred stories high. I'm gonna build bridges a mile long . . .
What'd you wish, George?
I wouldn't live in it as a ghost. Now watch . . . right on the second floor there.
Uh-huh.
In that place?
Oh, no, George, don't. It's full of romance, that old place. I'd like to live in it.
Oh, no, don't. I love that old house.
Okay, then, I'll throw a rock at the old Granville house.
Ummmmm . . .
You may kiss my hand.
Your . . . your caboose, my lady.
Oh, no. Just right. Your age fits you. Yes, sir, you look a little older without your clothes on.
Too young or too old?
Eighteen? Why, it was only last year you were seventeen.
Eighteen.
I don't know. Maybe I will say it. How old are you anyway?
Well, why don't you say it?
I guess I'm not quite the football type. You . . . look wonderful. You know, if it wasn't me talking I'd say you were the prettiest girl in town.
Do I look as funny as you do?
Beautiful.
Hot dog! Just like an organ.
Okay –– what can we lose?
Neither am I.
I'm not very good at this.
Uh-uh. That was a little girl named Mary Hatch. That wasn't you.
Uh-huh.
Me?
You've passed me on the street almost every day.
Well, I don't.
Hello. You look at me as if you didn't know me.
Well, hello.
Of course you never. Only us explorers can get it. I've been nominated for membership in the National Geographic Society.
A new magazine! I never saw it before.
You don't like coconuts! Say, brainless, don't you know where coconuts come from? Lookit here –– from Tahiti –– Fiji Islands, the Coral Sea!
I don't like coconuts.
With coconuts?
I'll take chocolate.
Made up your mind yet?
Okay, Mom. You coming later? You coming later, George?
Put those things in the car and I'll get your tie and studs together.
Oh, no you don't. Harry, now, not my best Haviland.
Oh, Mom –– I'm chairman of the eats committee and we only need a couple of dozen.
What plates?
Pop, can I have the car? I'm going to take over a lot of plates and things.
I don't care. It's George's tux.
Well, aren't you going to finish dressing for your graduation party? Look at you.
I've eaten.
Oh, you two idiots! George, sit down and have dinner.
Hmm? Well, I . . .
How about that one there?
Oh, shucks . . .
Well, then . . it's usually customary to bring the money with you.
Sure, sure I am.
Well, aren't you going to make a deposit?
What?
You forgot something.
Huh?
I guess you forgot something.
I'm supposed to.
Sure you do -- you win either way.
But of course.
I can't wait to get there.
Soon, dark eyes, soon.
When do we get to the lighthouse?
So's mine.
My hair's getting wet!
I want to go faster!
How fast is enough?
Wheee!  Faster!
With butter, if they got any....
Great!  Find one for me.
What the hell.  For you....
For me...?
Well, I don't know....
Come on, you guys.
You going to the lighthouse?
You can?
What?
With the right wind, 15-20 knots.
How fast does this go?
Swim for it!
Get on the rocks!
Back down!
Easy, easy -- you'll swamp us!
Stop paddling!
Don't!
I think we're changing course a little.
Bring her to port a little.  That's it -- steady.
Sean!  Listen!  Listen to me, Sean.
It's okay, it's okay....
I can't help it  it sticks in my mind.
What'd you do?  Memorize the tide tables?
Low tide at Cable Junction is 7:46 p.m.
No problem, no problem.
Someone pop your balloon?
Oh, shit.
I was counting on hours.
Putz -- that won't be for hours.
It's not going to be easy.
We better go back in.
Your dad must be really pissed.
Yee-hah!
Turkeys!  Eat wind!
Okay, okay, don't say I didn't remind you.
Shut up.
I could give you a dozen good reasons.
Why not?
Then why are we futzing around the dock?  We can make a few bucks working at the beach.
Yeah.
If you're beached, why are we doing this?  For practice?
They're moving pretty fast.
Maybe by now they are.
I hope that's the cousin.
Who's that?  Quick -- I'm in love.
Good.  It's terrible.
No.
Is she responsible for the punch?
Yeah, it's her job.
We're hung up on something.
What is it?
Too hot in the lighthouse?
Why'd they decide to move?
No big thing, we'll see who's out there, maybe picnic.
The lighthouse?
Lucky.  Lucky, lucky, lucky.
Over here.  I want you to meet somebody.
Mostly old garbage.  Today we found a '48 Hudson.
Shells and lobsters and stuff?
Same as always -- glub-glub, bubble-bubble, stroke-stroke. There sure is some weird shit on the bottom of the ocean.
What the hell.  Did your mom put all this together?
That's awful.
They're okay, if they got little white canes and tin cups.
The Shark.
But the island!
Shit.  Shit, shit, shit!
But we had it!  We were headed right for it!
We're throwing a rope and you better catch it, hear?
Listen to Andy, Sean.
Goddamn it, Sean, you listen to me or I will kick your ass, do you hear me?
Oh, out a ways.  Maybe the lighthouse.
Where're we going?
What the hell, we're steering for it.
I don't know.
Sean!  Catch it!
Throw it.
There's a shark....
As soon as you get us on the island, you got to call in.  My dad's the mayor....
You're betting what you already got.
Loser sails home alone.
Like hell!  We're on the starboard tack!
Coming up!  Give way!
We'll take your supercargo.
We're carrying weight.
Can you get us a line?
We're hung up here.  Snagged.
The rope!  The rope!
Sean!   Catch the rope!
Over here!
Hey!
Anyone got another set of sails?
How're we going to do that floating on this garbage...?
You bet.  Hang on....
You coming up on him?
Want to swim home?
Want to talk about it?
Let's just go sailing, okay?
I thought you said she was going with us?
Gangway, Turkies!
Coming up!
I need a hand here....
It's still there!
What is it?  What's there?
No!  It's still there!
It's okay, it's okay.  What's the matter?  Tina?  Honey?  Hey ---
N-o-o-o-o-o-o....
Tina!
Oh, yeah.  Sure.
Chief Brody -- can we go?  Please?
Got it.
See where Cable Junction is?  Look to the left.  The lighthouse.  That's it.
Never mind that shit.  Just point.
About 10 degrees off your star- board bow, take a heading leeward of Sand Island, and lay her north by northeast....
Hey -- you can't do that.
I'm going out there.
Goddamnit, Hendricks, untie the rope there.
You're too close.  Back off.
Please.  It's my job.
Untie that rope.
But I signed for the boat.  You' re not authorized any more.
Mike's out there.
You can't stop me.
I can't let you take her out.
About an hour, maybe two.  Let's see -- I came on about eight....
How long ago?
Right.
Oh yeah -- I'm expecting a long distance call, very important. Give them my home phone.
Shit -- I'm late for dinner... Close up, okay?
Nine-thirty, ten maybe.
The drugstore's closed?  What the hell time is it?
Of course not,  They're closed. Phil Fogarty's place.  He'll do it for me.
Not the drugstore!
I know just where to go.
You got it.
If there is, develop it!
Well, what the hell -- might be something worth seeing.  Take it somewhere and see if there's film in it....
That one -- from the wreck.  You brought it up, did you look inside it?
What camera?
What about that camera?
Oh.
The woman passenger on the boat that blew up.
Positive I.D.?
You didn't miss much.  Christ, what a mess.
I missed you at the funeral home. Santos said you were here.
In here.
Chief?
Could you just keep that crowd back, please?
We got a helluva tide this month.
If you had a $100,000 boat there'd be an investigation.
If I had a $100,000 boat, I sure as hell wouldn't leave it anchored alone in the channel.
Rich people.  Home port is Newport, Rhode Island.
Abandoned?  It's a little early in the season for that.
Diver's camera.  Tom Andrews brought it up from under that abandoned cruiser.
I just made it up.  It means, "Get me out of there."  What the hell's that?
I never heard of a 908.
Hendricks.  I want to go over your reports and your Form 908.
Chief....
Then check it out.  I'll be in the office.
Happy to do it.
On your own time?
Till noon.  This is on my own time.  Hi, Shorty.
Aren't you off-duty?
Good morning!
Stay here.  Don't go anywhere. Just stay here.
Dad, I'm sorry....
What?
Sean's still out there.
Jesus, don't freeze on me.  What about the others?
At least you're safe.  What about the others?
I passed out, but I'm okay.
It's okay.  What happened?
Pop.  I'm sorry.
Mike?  Is that you?
No backtalk!  I spoke to Upton, at the beach, and he's got a job for you there.  You can work until school starts.
Hey, come on....
Sailing?  Forget it.  You're beached. Grounded.  No more boats.
I kind of had plans....
I got something for you to do tomorrow.
You want to come here a minute?
Yeah?
Michael.
Not till next year.
Is Hooper coming to dinner?
You stay right here.  You're going in with me.
Pop....
You heard me.
Oh, c'mon.
You stay here a minute.
Okay, okay.
Don't go out if it's rough or any- thing, huh?  We've had a lot of trouble.
I'll be careful.  I'll see y'later.
Look, humor the old man -- just be careful.
Because.
Okay, not bartending.  Why on the water every day?
Bartending?  I'm 17.
What about tennis?  Riding? fixing up old cars?  Bartending?
I'm going.
You'll have to make up your own mind about that.
Do I have to?
You could work out at the beach, make a few bucks for school.
What else is there to do?
Every day?
I don't know about him -- I'm going down to the dock, maybe go sailing.
Sailing?
No place special.  Just hanging out.
Where to?
Okay, okay -- stand over there....
Come on, Phil, don't jerk me around.
Let's see -- you got a minute?
What else you got?
Not bad -- that's a real fast lens, probably 1.4.  Look at the diffusion, though....
Well, yeah, I did, that's the funny thing.  You can't tell much from the negatives, I was going to blow 'em up.  Here's a test I did....
Did you get any pictures?
Sure, sure -- Jeff Hendricks brought in this camera, see, from underwater, and I didn't know how to get it open, but my brother-in- law, in Montauk, he works at a hi- fi store, and they sell cameras, so he....
You said something about a camera.
I don't know what you did, but that kid stopped.  I haven't heard one peep, not one 'breaker breaker' for days.  Believe me, it's a pleasure....
It means I don't like all that grab-ass and heavy breathing with my wife, it means I know who's out to screw me here, and it means that I know something none of you know because I've been there -- and I don't want to go through that horror again.  Ever!
What's that supposed to mean?
Maybe I don't make as much money as some bullshit rip-off artists around here, but I don't work the same way.
You don't make enough.
Is that what it is?  Dollars? Money?  I'll pay for it.  Take it out of my salary.
Will you listen to this man? Will you just listen to him?  You really caused a panic on a public beach, you shoot up the place, God knows who could've been injured -- what if somebody de- cides to sue us?  That could ruin us.
There is nothing to discuss.
My ass!
What have you seen before?  This is nothing.  Seaweed.  Mud.  Some- thing in the lens.
You're damn right that's what it is.
Is that what it is?
What are you all, blind?  It's a shark.  Look -- teeth, jaw, gills.
Look -- I just got this from Phil Fogarty.  It was in the camera belonging to the missing divers. It proves I was right, all along.
It came up during the meeting.
Temporarily?  Uh...sure....
Is Jeff Hendricks qualified to fill in as an interim Chief of Police in your absence?
Heck of a way to treat a taxpayer.  Don't you have any pull with the chief, here?
Too late, it's written.
Wait a minute....
Sorry, I'm all booked up...  Come, m'dear.
May I have this dance?
All of us thank you, okay?
Y'know, Brody -- for the first time in years it's worth putting money into this town.
Me neither.
Fantastic lady.  Don't know what I'd do without her.
Don't be ridiculous -- Sharks don't take things personally.
Look -- can Great White Sharks communicate?  Send out signals, or something?  You know, take revenge, sense an enemy....
Not when it's like this.  This animal has been ashore for 10, 12 hours, and drifting for a day, at least.  Every little nibbler in the sea's taken a bite.
Can't you tell?
It's either a Great White, or another killer whale.
Not necessarily.  These wounds could've been inflicted 30 miles out to sea, or more.  None of them are immediately fatal.  Currents could've carried the body 10 miles further.
So there's one around here.
Sound.  Like sonar, or radar. They home in on irregular sounds, unusual sounds, any rhythmic low- frequency vibration.
Sound?
And sound.
That's it?  Probably?  Look, sharks are attracted by blood, and thrashing around....
Probably.
Jesus, don't quibble with me.  I want to know if a Great White Shark did this.
This is a mammal, not a fish.
Because this big fish has been bitten by some other big fish....
What makes you think there might be?
Is there one in these waters?
Okay, so that's it.
That's it.
Carcharadon Carcharias.
I know that this was probably a Great White Shark.  Car-cadon... Caradan....
Do you?
Look, I know a little bit about sharks.
Could be a shark.  But maybe not.
You don't tell me my job, and I won't tell you about yours, okay?
But that's what we're here to find out, right?
We don't know that, do we?
The shark that did this.  It was a shark, wasn't it?
What shark?
The Shark's mouth.
The whale's mouth?
Bite radius.  You know, the size of the mouth?
The what?
Come on, let's check the bite radius.
Length, 22 feet, 8 inches.
First things first.
Look at that:
After we've looked, we'll talk.
As soon as I heard about it, I called you.  This thing is big! His arms indicate big.
Mike's out there.
What is it?  What's the matter?
Going out.
What're you doing?
Just one minute....
Hey -- it's not your job any more. I'm going to be late for work.
Don't rush into it -- we may need the income.
I'll give notice.
Turn in the car.  Clean my desk, explain things to our sons, then maybe get shit-faced and punch your boss.
What're you going to do today?
I try.  Goddamnit, I tried...Now, I'm tired...I can't keep fighting it...I'm too tired...I'm...I'm....
I know you did....
Fired me!  I'm not a hysterical man.  I'm responsible.  I know what I saw....
They have no right to treat you like that.  You've given them every- thing.  For four years, you've protected this town, the people on this island....
...Everybody wants the job.  No one wants the authority. Except Hendricks.  Fine.  He can go out there in that precious boat, and when he looks whitey in his big mouth he can just call me.  Call me in New York...tell him to kiss my ass....
Honey, this is nothing...I don't know what it is.  What did they....
Showed them the photo, showed them the goddamn Shark, big as life. They didn't see it.  Not like me. Not like the poor son-of-a-bitch who snapped this li'l picture...He's out there, somewhere... I shot off my gun, shot off my big mouth, so they fired me....
Stop that!  We're not going any place.  You love it here.  Tell me what the hell happened!
No sweat.  A blessing in disguise. Back to the city, you can go to Bloomingdale's without waiting six hours for the ferryboat...we're surrounded by water here, you realize that?  Me, surrounded by water...Ridiculous.
Because of today?  The beach?
Then that's what I meant.  Fired. Canned.  Out on my fanny.  The Selectmen just made Hendricks the new Chief of Police.  Just like that.
That you were fired.
What'd I say?
What?
Ooohh, nothing.  I just got fired, that's all.
What's wrong?
That's great too.  Gorgeous.
Sean's asleep.
That's great.
Hi.  I closed a sale today, without Len.  That's $1200 commission, if the papers go through.
Yeah.   I think so.  Mike!  Keep it down, for chrissake!
Are you going to be able to sleep?
The goddamn smell is always the same. 
It was bad, wasn't it.
In the city, it happened all the time -- some Kid o.d.'s on a rooftop, top, a drunk gets cut in pieces under the Brooklyn local, old people die alone in shitty apartments and three weeks later someone calls the cops because of the smell and the flies.  Call the cops.  What are we, immune?
Do you?
I know what you're going to say.
He wanted a job, he's got one.  I want to see that boat out of the water by tomorrow night.
All summer?
Terrific.
No.
Oh.  Want to talk about it?
Found one of the missing victims from that boat deal.
Use the little brush there.  Why were you at Santos'?
That's what I said.  Is there any of that hand cleaner stuff?
Nothing, huh?
Nothing.
Careful.  What's wrong?
Oww!
Santos' place.
Oh, perfect -- a 75 per cent family affair.  Where were you?
Oh, hi -- How was dinner?
Damn.
Sort of -- Mathew Hooper is aboard the research vessel Aurora, presently in the Antarctic Ocean, and won't be in radio range until half-past next spring.
For me?
Thank you.  I'll tell him.
It's an island.  Got to run.
Boat nut.  What is it about this place that makes everyone a freak for boating?
One what?  Ah-ha!
Because, I'm in the middle of a boating accident, I got only four regular cops and one secretary, and a Chief Deputy who is constantly fiddling with the police boat   He's another one.
Why don't you take a half day and clean this junk up?
In the den.
Where's my day book?
What're you guys doing today?
Eat Cheerios.
So's a donut.
It's good with coffee.
You have to smoke so early in the morning?
Better yet.
Hey!  That's my boss!
As far as the office.
Need a ride?
Mrs. Silvera.
Mrs. Silvera?
Good.
Door's locked.
Sean's awake.
MMMmmmorning....
Mmmm.
Home it is.
Let's get the kid home.
Right.
Fooling around?
Listen -- what are you doing later?
I did, I did.
And how.  I thought you wouldn't respect me.
Remember 1959, the Jersey shore?
Because they're playing our song.
Why?
Can you take a little time out from your busy schedule to dance with the old man?
My boss and your boss.  Sure.
Do I have to talk to those two?
I can see that. Don't you know this is a big deal?
Late.
Where the hell were you?
Go ahead, whatever it's worth.
Martin, could you wait here for a few minutes while we make up our minds about something?
What the hell does it take to make sense to you numbskulls?  Jesus, it's right there in front of you. I know what a goddamn shark looks like, I've been through it, don't you understand?  I've seen this sonofabitch before!
Martin, it could be anything.
What?
Chief -- the Board of Selectmen has a question only you can answer.
Perfect.  Look at this ---
Martin, this is kind of an official meeting
Thank God you guys were all together. I got something for you.  Proof!
Don't push it this time.  If you do, it won't turn out the way you want, I guarantee you that.
Someone has to do something.
What am I, an ass?  When you called me, I called Elkins, and her bosses. Nothing she saw is proof of anything.
Bullshit?  I'll give you bullshit -- there's a dead whale out there with bites all over it!
Bullshit.
Maybe they are!
There's always deaths in these waters that never turn up.  Are they all shark victims?
Two of them are still missing!
A tragedy.  But that was a boating accident; no bites, no sharks, nothing but a boating accident.
Please, Larry -- there's good reason. Those water skiers....
Martin, when we build up our tax base a little, you can have every- thing you want; right now, the town's broke.
It's still a good idea.
And I stood by while you told the people from Ramada and Marriott that if they put up a hotel they'd need $800,000 worth of steel net around their beaches!  In New England? We all lost on that one.
I know, I know....
We have done something -- hell, we damn near went broke putting up a shark watch tower on the beach -- it's the only one in 2000 miles, y'know.
We have to do something.
Of course I can, but can't it wait? These things cost money, and this town doesn't have much money.
I got a feeling.  I have to act on it -- you can understand that, can't you?
No one has seen a shark -- no fin, no bites, nothing.  Be realistic.
Of course.  Look -- I've got some missing persons, fatalities, evidence of a large predator....
Are you serious?
Larry, I don't know how to say this, but I think we got a shark problem. A real one.
We're alone.
We have got to talk, and we have got to talk alone.
I'm showing summer rentals.  We got a helluva season going.
Thank you, thank you.  You know my son, don't you?
Very impressive ceremony.  Good speech.
Hello, hello.  It went well, I thought.
1530 hours.  Might still be there. Base out.
When?
That's what he said.
Did you say Cable Junction?
Then nothing.  If you see him, tell him to switch to an operational frequency, or give me a status report yourself.
Yeah?  Then what?
Last transmission said ten juve- niles.
Did he raise the Kids?
That's what I'd like to know.  Lost transmission at Cable Junction.
Where the hell is Air One?
Brody?  This is Patrol Base.
Harbor Air, do you read?  Over?
Affirmative, affirmative.  Turn the Kids day-sailing back to port.  I heard you.  Patrol out.
If they're not at the light, look for them.  I don't want them out there.  Get them back to port!
10-4,   soon as I can raise him.
That's it.  Just do it, all right?
That's it?
There's a bunch of Kids day-sailing that way.  Turn them back to port.
What for?
Get him the hell over to Amity Point, the old lighthouse.  Right now.
10-4, in a few minutes.  He's down checking a buoy in the Bay Channel.
Affirmative.  Can you get your chopper airborne?
Sure they did....
They made me go with them.
I'm okay, baby, I'm here.  It's okay....
Dad!  Dad!
Hang on!
Hiya yourself.
Hi Dad.
You stay with Mrs. Silvera, Tootsie. Okay?
Can I go with you today?
What's daddy doing?
Some people.
No.  Find your brother, okay?
Can I go swimming?
Shouldn't he be at home?
Mom, Michael won't talk to me.
It's all right, we're okay.
We're going to die.
Shh.  Shhh....
It killed her.  It ate her.
Tide doesn't turn for three hours.
What's wrong?
Oh, yeah.  So why aren't they doing it now?
I told you, remember?
You going to fool around with Mike?  Well, I'm not doing anything with him.
Now I really want to see it.
The lighthouse is a make-out spot.
I've never been supercargo.
That's you.
Is that me?
Maybe.
Mike!  Are you going out?
Great.
She just likes to tease.  I think she really likes you.
I will, I will.
I want you to meet my cousin.
Waiting for Andy.
You're not going out right away, are you?
Great.
My cousin will be here tomorrow.
I'm not crazy about blind dates.
Seventeen.  She's a senior.
How old is your cousin?
Okay, okay, coming....
Help!  Help!
Terry!  You okay?
Hang on, hang on...Okay, go.
Ready?
Whoops, almost lost one.  Can't play with the dolphins without skis....
Great!
Sure.  They like to play.  We may see some today.
Did you ever see a dolphin?
Gaff rigged?  Why not a staysail schooner?  Go anywhere.  Look at this -- the Mayan, an Alden schooner.
That's what I want -- a gaff rig.
None at all.  I wonder what the Brebner twins are doing tomorrow night.
No class.
I know.
That's a crock of shit.
Doesn't hurt to ask.  Sometimes the most beautiful girls are the loneliest.
You're crazy.  She's Ed's girl friend.
Tina Wilcox.
Who'd you ask?
Me neither.
Nope.
Get a dance yet?
Sideways -  For every yard we go this way, we also slide sideways this way....
What's that mean?
The wind drift is lateral.
I can't stop thinking!
Shut up.
By 7:46, when the tide turns around, we'll be twenty miles out.  More, with this wind.
They tend to follow moving things. Maybe it's following Polo and Timmy.
Maybe it's gone.
3:30.
Anyone know what time it is?
You got it.
That you'll put down a blanket.  I've got black and blue marks all over my butt, and my Mom's getting uptight about them.
Anything.  Anything.
Wait a minute.  Promise me something.
Mmmmmm.
And second?
But first, a little juice....
I dunno.  We'll think of something.
What're we going to do in the mean time?
They'll be there when we get there. Might even have a fire started.
What about the others?
It'll take us to Budapest if you're not careful.
The tide's running.  It'll take us to the light.
What about sailing?
Just like this.
You want to tack, or just leave her pointed up like this?
Double nope!
Give me back my hat!
Nope.
Come on back up here!
With you, everything's next week. I want to go skiing soon.  Tomorrow?
Next week.
Eddie, can we do that?  Can we go skiing?  We can use my Uncle's boat.  Eddie?
Huh?
Take a break for a minute, okay?
Anything?
Be careful....
What the hell, they can't fire both of us -- someone's got to be in charge, right?  Which way are we going?
Hurry, please.
I'm going.
Mrs. Brody, look -- if he can't go, then you can't go.  Neither of you can go.
Yep.  Looked like they were headed to the lighthouse.
Mike?  Our Mike?
All of them.  Mike, Junior Vaughn, Brookie Peters, Pat, Lucy -- all that whole gang.
What Kids?  Who went out?
Right after, the Kids went out?
Now you're talking.  Let's get out of here before we do find something.
Untangle it and let's go -- We don't need a blackout on the island.
It comes here from Cable Junction.
Oh, great.
Power line.
What is it?
What the hell is it?
About damn time.
I don't care about the overtime, I'm hungry.  And cold.  And most of all, bored.
Until we find something.
How much longer?
Happens every season -- someone takes off.  Once we had a schooner for a month while the owners went fox hunting.
Figure they split?
Rich or poor, it's nice to have money.
We're fighting wind and current. I though we'd be out longer, catch the incoming tide.
What's wrong?
I love it.
I don't care.
Name it.
That's fun!  Let's race for some- thing!
I can go out if I want to.
I thought you were grounded.
Good.  I'll be on the dock at eight.  Eight o'clock, everybody!
No.
You do everything your parents tell you?
That's not it.  My dad told me not to go.
No way.  Everybody's going sailing. If you don't want to take me, just say so.
Maybe you and Brooke could come over to the town beach....
It'll be fun, come on!
I'm not sure I can.
I'd like to go out to the light- house with you.
I'll be right there.  Wait up.
We'll be over by the lighthouse.
Is there something I don't know about?
Too hot tor those two?  I can't believe it.
Great.  I got some wine.
It's an island, near here, with a lighthouse.  We sometimes hang out there, you know....
What's the lighthouse?
Sean, baby, please....
He's got to help or it won't work.
Might as well.
Heading back?
Your ass I will.  Besides, the wind's turning with the tide. Sailing back is going to be a bitch.
Uh.  Well.  Maybe you could give Polo a hand going in....
What about me?
If we beat them, they can both go home stag!  Single-O!  Alone! Jackie can come back in this boat!
Mike and Larry are racing! Loser goes home alone!
Coming about....
Faster!  Faster!
Coming about, then.
They're turning around.
Anyone want to go the lighthouse?
Who wouldn't.
You going with Patrick?
Not tonight.
When are we going out?  You and me?
I don't think she's such hot stuff.
Would you take him?
Yeah.
I'm not in the way.  Andy, am I in the way?
Look -- if you're going to get in the way, you can just go home.
Okay, okay.  Close your door.
Michael....
Quiet!  Shhh!
I want to go with you!
No.
Take me.
Maybe.
You're going sailing.
Yeah.
You're going out.
You eat Cheerios.  I want Fruit Loops.
Eat Cheerios.
I want Fruit Loops!
Yeah.  Go on, beat it.
Do I have to play with the little kids?
How was dive class?
You always go with Andy.
I don't need you.  Andy's here.
Forget it, he won't listen.
Be reasonable, please....
Look, what am I supposed to do? It's done, it's over.  We have to deal with the consequences.
So it can't be done like that.  The man's a menace, plain and simple.
So?  So?
Larry, I'm a businessman, trying to make a buck like anybody else.
He thought he had a good reason.
You should've been out there.  You should've seen him waving that gun, like a maniac.  There were shots fired!
What the hell is he doing?
Oh, my God....
Maybe nobody will notice.  Let's get them back in the bus.
How the hell do we get him down. from there?
Wave to my son.
Oh, shit.
Brody's riding his tower.
I think we got a couple of live ones.
Len, can I see you a minute?
And if you have any questions about recreational possibilities, Ellen Brody here will be happy to answer them.
Okay... Have them get it out of the tank.
Don't feel bad.
Get the hose!  We've got to force more water through the gills and oxygenate him!
It hasn't adjusted.
No, I'm fine, thanks.
Go on, you're tired.
I'm only walking him.  You caught him.  You have to be exhausted.
Why don't you take a rest, Brian?
I have to walk him till the drug wears off.
We're ready for you.
And Philip will be there to film it.  Now that's the end of it!
No, it will be too much distraction.  I don't want that many people in the water.  I'll go in, give it a belly shot, and get out.
He's going with you, Doctor.
With those camera lights and...
Absolutely.  Good idea.
I can get it.
It would make a marvelous attraction;  the only Great White in captivity.
No one's ever caught a Great White except indirectly in fishing nets. I want to dart it and keep it alive.
Go on, Doctor.
It's easy.  Put a net on the derrick.  Put the net in the water by the intake passage. Turn off the intake passage. Shark comes out into the net and is hauled up.
What's your plan, Brody?
And a missing man.
What you're saying is we have a Great White shark in the lagoon.
I know, but you're just going to have to find another way.  So you better start.
We're going to have to cover the entire lagoon.
Can't help you, Mike.  Don't have the manpower.
I'll need more men to look.
Have you checked the bars?  The guy's irresponsible;  he's done this before.
I don't understand.  Overman's too good a diver to disappear.
Shit.
Yeah.  Down there.
You see the three-quarter socket?
Coming with us?  Overman's buying.
Sure am.
You buying?
It's Miller time!
Me?  I don't know.  Twenty, thirty.  I love them, think they're the greatest.
How many sharks have you killed?
Never know down there.  Helps to have a friend, sometimes.
She can take care of herself. She doesn't need you.
Well, don't worry about your fiancee.  We'll watch over her.
No.
Aren't you suiting up, mate?
I'm  fine.
Are you okay?
Only to myself.
You don't have to prove anything.
I want that shark, Kathryn.
Michael, you don't have to go down there.
It's a construction job.  I'm the only one that can do it.
But you --
I am.  You're not.
Michael, you're not going down there.
Me.
Who's going to do it?
That's right.
... Okay.
... I have to go, honey.  Phillip and I are going down together to kill the shark.
Couple of fractures, lacerations. They say he's gonna be all right.
How is he?
You two go!  I'll call Calvin!
Come on!
It's all controlled from the Control Room.
Somebody better get down there!
You wanted to know about a cave?
That's why they're always moving. They have to have it.
What did you just say before? About water flowing through them?
I don't understand.
That's what I've come to ask you. Is there any large place that has a strong current of water flowing?
Thirty feet???
This tooth is from another shark. A shark that could be 30 feet long!
What do you mean, we don't?
That's just it, Michael.  We don't!
What's the big deal?  A shark got Overman, and we got the shark.
It was removed from Charlie Overman's body.
So?
It's a shark's tooth!
Put it under your pillow and sleep on it and the tooth fairy will --
I can't!  My dad had it, and I don't know if you can inherit it or what, but I got it, and I hate it.  I can't stand it!
Yes, you can.
I can't take water, Kathryn.
Come on.
I have to get out of here.
Michael, take deep breaths.
Hydrophobia...
Honey, what is it?
Well, that's why you got it.
I did.  He wants it on exhibit.
So tell Calvin.
It's too soon to move him.
... He ought to put him in here.
Calvin wants me to move the White for tomorrow.
Michael, I don't have time. Please!  It's time you dealt with this and got over it.  Now come on!
I don't want to see them, Kathryn.
They're not going to hurt you. They're encased in plastic.
I'm not going to walk through that shark arcade.
Michael, come on, don't be silly. This is the quickest way.  You're not going to walk all the way around?
No,  I'm not going through there.
Yes.  It's faster.
... Mean through the tubes?
No, we'll go through here.
Sure.  Let's go.
I want to make sure the White is getting enough flow.  Would you do that for me?
Okay.
I need more pressure in the shark tank.
What's up?
They said you'd be here.
It's my new perfume.  Great White, the Man-Eater.
You don't.
Mmmm... you smell good.
Me, too.
Recovering nicely.
How's your patient?
Finally.
Sean, that's right...
Get some sleep.  And tell Sean I'm sorry.
You want me to stay?
We'll go to Palm Springs, Death Valley, Arizona desert, anyplace where there's no water.
Sounds wonderful.
After this has opened, when everything's settled down, you and I are going away.  Just the two of us.  No dolphins, no sharks, no whales, no penguins. Just you and me.
... Me, too.
I can use a shot of what he's got.
No, you're not.
You amaze me.  I'm more scared than you.
No.
Change your mind?
Why?  'Cause they're hungrier?
It's easier to lure sharks at night.
Wouldn't this whole thing be a little safer in the daytime?
Yes?
Kathryn...
Thank you.
Should protect you a little, from the compression.  If that thing gets ahold of you.
Fine piece of engineering.
Bracelets.
What's that?
Here.
I got it on sale.  A real steel.
Oh, yeah.  Really nice.  Who's your designer?  Sassoon Shark?
Kathryn, you're crazy.  Really crazy.  A suicidal maniac.
I know I can capture it.
After what happened to us?
Yes.
You're going down there again?
It's never over...  Here comes another six years of bad dreams.
Don't think about it.  It's over.
God, they're horrible.  I hate them.  Did you see its eyes?  How black they are?  The look in them?
How the hell did it get in here?
It's all right, baby.  We're safe...
Michael...
I'm okay.
I think so.  I'm not sure... Are you?
You all right?
Get your reserve bottle and let's go.
You would, wouldn't you?  I'd end up whale shit, you wouldn't care.
No, I don't want to leave now. I'm having too good a time... Of course I'm coming!  You'd think you're gonna leave me?
Are you coming...?
I'd have fallen in love with a pilot or a mountain climber.
I talked you into this?
What mind?  If I had a mind, I'd never have let you talk me into this.
Make up your mind.
And leave me down here???
Up.
Where are you going?
Okay, stay.  We'll come back for you.
Yeah, and so will I be if I start swimming in that blackass jungle.
Michael, the sub's dead.
Swim where?  Out there?  Oh, no, forget it, not me!  You go, I'm staying.
That we swim.
You sound like Houston Mission Control.  What the hell does it mean?
... Electrical connection malfunctioning.
... If nothing's wrong, why are we stopping here?
Nothing.
What's wrong?
Let's not talk about that now, okay?
You know, on our honeymoon, we should go scuba diving.
Oh, yeah.  Very.
It's romantic down here.
I know, I built it.  I've just never seen it this way.
That's a lot of ground to cover.
Let's head to the gate and work our way back.
... Friggin' fish.
They just wanted to say hello.
Baby goddamn scared me to death!
Hi, baby.
Damn it!
Yes.
Are you scared?
No.
Honey... you all right?
Just put your mask on.
That's cute, Kathryn.  Real cute.
Take a deep breath and hold it.
What do I do now?
I don't have a choice.
Look, Michael... you don't have to come.
Where's the rubber band?
We play hide and seek all the time.  They find a lot of things.
They're coming with us?
Get out of here!
Not enough loving.
No, you don't need all that starch.  You're getting too fat.
Sure.  Want to try that new Italian place?
I can't leave now.  We taking Sean out?
Okay, forget him now.  I'm going to pick up Sean.  Take a ride?
He doesn't need the money.  He inherited a fortune.  He kills for kicks.  TV battles between non-predator fish and divers. The diver always wins.
It's his work.
I don't like what he does.
Yeah, you really don't like him.
... Hutton.  He really pisses me off.
And what else is bothering you?
I don't know.  I can't understand it.  Something's bothering them.
How come?
Everything's going wrong.  I'm having more trouble with Bobby than I ever have before.  I can't get him to respond.
You called, Doctor?
Okay, bye.
Honey, I gotta go.
My imagination isn't that good.
Don't let him get you.  Just continue your patterns and pretend he's not around.
That macho pompous English --
See you later.
Yeah.
Don't forget you have your brother.
Damn it.  I can't understand!  I gotta go, hon.
I guess.
Pre-opening jitters.
They're acting very strange suddenly.
Look, Kathryn.  They're jealous.
You will.  I'll see to it.
Hope I make it through both.
Till this opens, not our wedding.
What is it, 97 days?
Well, not much longer to go.
Want another one?
Thank you.
The net would have to be secured by the intake passage.
A piece of pie on Sunday.
He.  She.  Let's blow the bitch up!
She, Mister Hutton.
We can assume he's back in the water intake passage.
The water ski show!  We have to get them out!
He's big as a bloody bus!
How'd it get in here?!
I've heard of a White that big, in Australia...
Is there such a place?  A cave or something with such a flow?
Sharks have to keep moving.  They can never stop or they'll suffocate. If water isn't always flowing through them, they'll die.
Thanks to you.
Well, Doctor.  You've got your shark.
Brian, he's coming around!
Believe me, I am.
Get ready to go.
Hello.  I think his nap's over.
And here I thought I was charming you.
I think that you and I are natural enemies.
The grenade's just to intimidate Whitey.  He knows I have it, so he watches out.  Same is true when I film lions, tigers, rhinos...
We're all from the sea, Mr. Hutton. Our destiny is linked to the fate of the oceans.  By continuing to destroy fish, man destroys himself.
That's because I am the shark.
Before, you were ready to feed this shark a hand grenade.  Now you're helping to nurse it back to life.
Philip.
You're a strange man, Mr. Hutton.
That's what life is, Doctor. Full of chances to hurt yourself, or somebody else.
Somebody could have gotten hurt.
Some miss all their shots.
Skillful?  I missed my first shot.
You were quite daring in capturing him.  Very skillful indeed.
And I like you.
So do I.  But for different reasons.
I like it when they wake up.
Why are you?
Not at all.
Thanks for helping.
Could be a new dance...  Walking the Shark.
Just watch it when he does.
Should be coming out of it soon.
Kiss him, maybe he'll turn into a frog.
Still sleeping.
How's sleeping beauty?
Look, Doctor, this isn't one of your pet porpoises we're after. It's a torpedo of muscle. Murderous expertise!  I've seen bleeding sharks try to eat themselves!  Don't be so concerned about them.  Worry about yourself.
You're supposed to film it, not turn it to hash!
Afraid I can't do that.
I insist you get rid of that bomb.
Because I don't trust you, that's why.
Why?
I know it and I will not go down into this lagoon as long as you carry that!
Let's hope he knows that.
We're taking that shark alive!
Lunch for Whitey.  Something to munch on in case things get dicey.
What in hell is that?
Shark bait.  Draws them over for closeups.
You look like an orange worm.
So do I, love.
I want that shark alive.
Make a lovely item for "Good Morning, America"
Like hell!
Well, then I'm going to film it.
I will.
The only Great White in captivity, Calvin.  All those people standing in line...
A shark could have a hundred embryos in its sack.  You know how many are born?  Maybe five. They eat each other before birth! They're born killers!
It's one of the world's greatest creatures.
Three hundred million years of evolution have created the greatest butcher the world's ever known.
Calvin, I insist I be allowed to capture it!
It'll chop up half a million dollars of your tropical fish in two minutes.
No!
Calvin, let me go down there and kill the bastard.
I've handled sharks before. Bigger than this one.
You can get killed!
That's preposterous!
I think we can capture it.  I'd like to try.
That's a load of codswopple.  A Great White doesn't fear man.  It doesn't fear beast.  It's an orgy of food and blood.
Sharks are man-biters, Mister Hutton.  Not man-eaters --
Unhappy combination.  Most likely one's inside the other.
Well, we'll just try again, dear. Keep working on it.  Maybe you'll get it one of these years.  Pack up, boys.  Flipper's a flop.
I'm sorry.
Well, I have to get this into the networks.  If you can't do it, you can't do it, that's all.
I told you, something's upset them.
No, no.  That won't do.
I can have them walk backwards.
I thought they were clever.
Wait a minute.  These aren't kangaroos, Mr. Hutton.  They're dolphins.
Well then, can you have them jump to the camera over here?
It's no use.  They won't come into the lagoon.
Make this quick!
Okay now.  Have Flipper flip or something.
Yes, aren't we all.
I don't know.  They're nervous and skittish right now.
Fine.  Have them do some.
They're not tricks.  They're behavior patterns.
I just did.  Can you make them do tricks?
Nobody told me.
On the telly.  We're to film him for the evening news.
Go where?
We got it to live for ten hours. That's some kind of record.
Not good enough.
No one's ever done it before. It was a good try...
I should have never listened to Calvin.
Don't blame yourself.
I knew it;  it's my fault.  We moved it too soon.
Ten minutes ago.
When did this happen?
And big for his age.
He's a young one.
I know.
They still seem nervous.
I think they'll come out now.
Better than catching Sean's herpes.
I'm Neo-Senephrened out.  Think I'm catching a cold.
How you doing, Kelly?
Hi, Mike.
Someone's looking for you.
Sean.  Sean, where are you?
Thanks.
Sure.  No problem.
Kelly, could you look after Sean for a while?  Show him around for me?
Hope with none of my girl friends.
He's missing.
Musclehead?
'Preciate it.
Sure.
Give me a ride?
SEAN!
Take it up!
He's diving!
Take it up.
It's okay, Sean.
Let's go, let's go!
What, hon?
No...  It can't be.
Goes up.
Now what's this do?
Told you you'd like it.
Can hardly wait to do it again.
Isn't this fun!
I'm not acting!  I don't want to go in it, okay?
Sean, this is ridiculous.  You're acting very immature.
No, think of something else.
You're not in the water.  You're in a gondola.
Not for me.  I don't go in the water, remember?
Come on, it's fun!
No, Kelly, I don't want to...
Yes, it's great!
The one that goes underwater?
I know!  We can take the gondola ride!
I don't know, what else is there?
Besides that.
No.  Of course not.  Don't listen to him.  He's - he's...  ... my brother.
Sean, do you have herpes?
Why you sonuvabitch...
Herpes?
As always.
Did you see me?!  Wasn't I terrific?
You were great out there!
And alone.
This is where to be.  High and dry.
Come on!  Check this out!
Well, I needed a cold shower.
Goes back to when I was a kid. Mike's okay, he's gotten over his fears, but I haven't.  I can't even drink it.
How come?
That's too bad.  I don't like water.  I don't like being around in.  I never go in it.
Sure am.
Are you really?
I'm a water-skier.
Depends on big brother.
You gonna work at The Kingdom?
Well, wait till you see the rest.
I haven't seen that much, but so far it looks great.
You like Florida?
I don't know, it depends.
How long you staying?
... Massachussettans aren't.
'Course they're also so rich.
Massachussettans aren't.
I was seeing this guy off.  He flew in from Dallas.  Wants to marry me.  He's okay, but Texans are so possessive.
Yeah, from Boston.
So, you just get here?
Ohhhhh shhhhiiiit.
Back, Kelly.  Lean back!
Can't help it... ahh...
Don't you dare.
Gotta sneeze.
Now what?
Ahhh, ahhh...
Balance, Kelly.  Bal-lance!
Watch it, I'm gonna fall.  I'm gonna go!
I am serious.
Shut up, Tod!  Be serious!
Remember, skiers stay up longer.
I don't talk that way.
I thought I was your boyfriend.
Taking my boyfriend to the airport.
What're you doing later?
Hold still, damn it!
The space shuttle has landed!
It's disappeared.
Yes, there is goes.
That?
On monitor three.  Was a glimpse of something.
What?
Did you see that?
Always do.
He's big, Hutton.  You never saw anything so big.  Watch yourself.
I'm sure you won't.  But you're going to have to wait till we come up.  Then you can film all you want.
I'll stay out of your way.  I won't interfere.
No way.
I'll go with you.
You could also try a bamboo pole and a worm.
After all, that's how you catch fish, isn't it?
You have a man near it?
Five hundred yards.
How far away is filter number four?
It's large enough...
Filter system number four.  Is it large enough?
That's impossible.  If it's that big, why hasn't anybody seen it? Huh?  Tell me that.  It's like not seeing the Goodyear blimp in a swimming pool.
Actually, thirty-five is probably more accurate.
I'll remember that, my Lordship.
Reach for the limit I always say.
Yeah, tradition's a bitch, ain't it?
Tradition.  Royal sense of adventure that's been in my family for centuries.  Dates back to the Crusades and King Richard.  What I was born to do.
How come you're so brave with all this stuff?
The world's southern most reaches.
Oh...
South Georgia, Antarctica.
Polar bears in Georgia???
Polar bears.
What the hell's there?
No, South Georgia.
So where you go off to, Hutton? Some expedition in New Guinea or Outer Mongolia?
Thanks.  Bullshot.
Yeah?  Well, in that case, have a drink.
I will, old boy, tomorrow.  Our work is done here.  Just came to say goodbye, and good luck.
Buzz off.
That's how they do it, you know. Seizes its prey and shakes its body savagely.  Teeth gnaw through a man like a buzz saw.
Hey, I don't want to hear.
I lost a good cameraman in Australia last year.  A Great White chopped him in half with one bite.
Yeah, poor bastard.
Your friend Overman picked a hell of a time to come back.
Kind of dull in there for you, isn't it?  Why don't you throw in another shark?
Watch it, Brody.  You're ruining the shot.
Precisely.
You set that thing off down there, you don't know what will happen.
Aww, can't I keep it?
Make sure you put this back.
Well, we're not going to hurt it, old boy.  I say, love, is Flipper ready to go?
Yeah, well I didn't!
Calvin said it was all right.
Hutton, how the hell did you get my crane?
Hey.
Bring the crane over.  Come down. Easy down.
All right, hit those lights too.
We see him, Mike.  Between the stadium and the ski show island.
Right, Mike.
Let us know as soon as you have anything.
Okay, okay... We'll get someone on it.
I know.  But we show it's not closing.
That's impossible.
It's not closing, Mike.
What kind of trouble?
Puppy love.  This time it's real! We can have a double wedding.
Yeah, right.  That's what you said about Janet, and Beth, and Barbara --
No, really.  I've never met anyone like her before.  This is it.
Sure.
We're in love.
She still talking to you?
It's all up to Kathryn.  Amity's fine with me if it's fine with her.
Yeah, he'll really go for that.
Tell Dad we're getting married in Las Vegas.  In one of those chapels.  He can meet us there.
Well, Dad asked me to ask you this, about the wedding.  Is there any chance you and Kathryn will get married in Amity?
This company's expanding.  They got parks in Texas, Ohio, California.  I think I'm gonna be going to Waco.
You and Kathryn gonna stay here?
It's not that easy.  Worked construction every summer to get through school.  Three years apprentice in the park's engineering department, and two years to build all this.  Finish school first, Sean.  Then make up your mind.  If you still want to work with me, we'll have plenty of time.
Mike, this is fantastic.  I mean, you're responsible for building all this.  What a job you've done! Maybe I'll quit school and come down here and work with you. Brody Brothers Construction. We've always wanted to do that together.  Boat building.
Don't hurry back.
Okay, you two, have a good life without me.  I gotta go.
You know Overman?
Something wrong?
Come on, let's go.
Just find your own.  Like Dad says, there's plenty of fish in the sea.
I want to see Kathryn.
Gee, it's good to see you!
Who's grown up?
He taught us good, though, didn't he, Sean?  We were lucky to grow up the way we did.
That's Dad...
Booked them all at Baskin- Robbins.
Big bust!  He confiscate their water pistols?
Last week he broke up a major counterfeiting ring.  Gang of kids were using slugs in the Pac-Man games.
How is he?  Still fighting crime?
Yeah, right.
He needs a haircut.
Took it this morning.
So was Dad.
Hey, I'm proud of you, kid.
Great.  I got one B, two C's, and eight incompletes.
How'd you do in school?
... I'll go to McDonalds.
In a restaurant.  You sit there and they swim around you.
Sharks???
Yeah, we'll find something for you.  Shoveling shark shit or something.
Got a job for me?
Look great, don't I?
Damn!  You sonuvabitch!  Look at you!
Hey, what's goin' on, little brother!
Absolutely.  The audience will stain their drawers.  I did.
You want to show this?
She is a lovely bit of crumpet at that.
I wouldn't mind going down with her.
Give me a 400-foot magazine;  we may be down there for a while.
That bugger moves fast.
We'll shoot this with an .18, boys.
It's time for tea, Grandma.
Yes, I did.
You said it wasn't polite to interrupt people....
Yes, you can make sandwiches....
Can I make sandwiches...?
My tea set.  I got my tea set.  Thank you....
Only children are my favorites. That means you, MaGee....
Was Uncle Sean ever bad?  Did you ever spank him?
You're welcome.  I was the one who cried.
I don't want to.  I want to swing....
Did you hear what I said?  Come inside....
Daddy, why can't I...?
Not today.  Come on, Thea....
But you always let me....
Come on, sweetheart....
Watch me, Grandma....
It has its virtues.  It hasn't fallen down yet....
Don't bother Hoagie....
Sometimes my father puts me in his lap and lets me steer the Jeep.
Thea....
That's what grandmas are for.
You'll spoil her.
I'm sorry.  Please, Carla.  I didn't think there was any danger.  I'm sorry. I love you.  Both of you.
Why didn't you tell us?  Why didn't you tell us?
I don't know....
Where's my mother?
How could you do that?  Your own daughter....
Where is she?
She could have been killed...You knew and you didn't tell us...You let your mother think....
Sweetheart....
It went away....
You knew...?
But it went away...We would have known....
The doctor said she should be all right...She's in shock....
Thea was attacked by a shark....
What's wrong?  What happened?
Where have you been...?
They're at the beach....
Close the door.
I've always wanted to make love to an angry welder.  I've dreamed of nothing else since I was a small boy.
I have work....
Off....
No....
Turn it off....
Then don't come any closer.
No fair, I'm not armed.
I don't know...You...I don't know.
What the hell are we arguing about?
Why should there be anything wrong? I'm sitting around the house, enjoying my day off and you start yelling at me about garbage....
We don't have anything straightened out.  You're uptight about something ...what's wrong?
I take out the garbage, because...I'm glad we got that straightened out....
Because....
How come it's my responsibility?
I thought artists worked with their subconscious....
Don't give me that preoccupied scientist crap.  I'm trying to get ready for....
My brain is shrinking.  There's only so much room.
It doesn't take much to remember what day they come....
Tell Matt he should be here....
I miss him, Matt.  I still can't believe he's gone.
I'll be right there.
We need beer....
Big unveiling ceremony in a couple of weeks....
We need milk....
Make a list.
We forgot to stop at the store.
She calls it, 'Tourist On The Loose.' Local government commissioned it. For the public beach....
It sure is....
It sure is good to be home....
My mother always told me, if God had intended us to ride parachutes for fun, we'd have been born with free tickets....
Like mother, like son....
Chicken....
No way....
I've always wanted to ride one of those....
Please, Mom.  At least consider it. You should get away.  You shouldn't be alone now....
What do I think?  I think it's a lovely idea....
Nowhere....
Where are you going?
It was a piece of wood.  A shitty piece of wood.  It's not fair....
He was doing his job....
He was such a good-natured kid... Always going out of his way....
He told me you both did....
I bought him his first legal drink. He got so pissed that night....
You make sure they come?
We'll be there....
We will...We'll have a lot of time together.  What are you going to do now?
I don't know what he thinks...I don't know what I think...I don't even know why I'm talking about it...  It's silly...I'm getting too old for this sort of thing....
Maybe he's got good taste...I don't think he's spent much time with a woman like you....
Part of me wanted to go off with him, the rest of me couldn't...I don't know why he wants me....
Give it some time, Ellen...See what happens.
I always thought when I grew up I'd know what to do about things like this...I don't even know if he's serious....
Whatever happens next.....
Beginning of what?
It's beginning....
All he did was kiss me....
Do you enjoy dealing blackjack?
At least he doesn't have a beard....
I'd be afraid of losing....
You want to try your hand at something...?
You're not interfering, Ellen....
You caught me....
Henny Youngman....
I shouldn't interfere...  My mother-in-law is so neat she puts paper under the cuckoo clock....
I used to worry...But you know what happens, you find out that scuba diving's safer than climbing into the bathtub....
I can't help it....
Usually it's all he talks about...You mustn't worry....
Do you and Michael ever talk about his work...?  About spending so much time working in the water?
I could use a half-dozen more arms ...I've only got two weeks to get this thing finished....
I like it.  Really....
It'll grow on you.
I'm not on vacation....
No cooking while you're here...No washing dishes...No cleaning....
He knows what he has to do....
I hope the man knows what he's doing....
We'll divert it...We'll do something....
They won't kill it....
We're going down.  All of us....
Bang sticks are like yelling at it....
Get the bang sticks.  We're going down.
What difference does it make?  It's here....
What the hell's it doing in warm water anyway...?
You have something to say about everything....
Sweet breezes...Sweet women....
Spent it all on beer....
We have three months of work and approximately no money left to support it....
Michael!
You rigged it...You spent all that money on an education and you come back looking like this....
Michael!  This thing working?
I won't....
Don't be late.
A small one...Your brother won't be here....
A big one....
Good.
He heard that.
Ask the big doctor about his work.  Tough life you Bahamian beach bum... Playing in the water all day....
I'm on the phone....
You check it....
The fish.  Check it....
Hello?  Thea who?  I know it's Thea Brody.  How many grandchildren do I have?  I know you can use the phone by yourself. You're a big girl.  I know you're five.
We don't want any....
Adds flavor....
Are you all right?
Let me finish dinner before you eat it...Chop the peppers....
I'm hungry, Mom....
I see what you're doing....
Can't help myself....
Serves you right.  Will you please stop....
That hurt....
I'm not doing anything.
That....
Stop what?
Stop that....
I'll miss you....
I will.  I'll miss you, Grandma.
Good night, Daddy....
I'll be in to read you a story.
Thanks for the consultation....
I put everything in my room.  My Teddy bear is joining us.
I didn't.
I almost forgot....
The water's coming in...The water's coming in....
What's it cost to take a ride on that plane...?
It's not nice to be evasive.
No one.  Nothing.  We've got to get this finished before the tide comes in.
Who's coming?
You're coming, aren't you...?
You're silly....
We have to dig it deep so the water will go all the way around...So we can swim to it....
I'm still five....
Your father was six then.  Just like you....
Mommy lets me....
No, no...It's too dangerous....
Thank you....
I like Grandma's cooking....
Where's the lady who brings the soda?
I never....
It's too dangerous....
Can I ride one sometime...?
I'd like that.  I need to be away from here.
You can stay in my room.
Yes!
What's going on?
In a minute....
I'm going to finish what Jake and I started.  I owe him that.  Hell, I owe him everything....  I'll get something important done for both of us....
We will...We'll have a lot of time together, Michael....
I'll wear my rubbers...I'll be careful ...I'll be....
Promise me....
Promise me you'll be all right....
There's a lot...I want to talk about it....
I want you all to come to Amity this summer.
Why'd you take the boat?
Why'd you come out here?
It got him....
No.
You hungry?
I'm tired of hearing about it. There's no shark.  Sean wasn't killed by the same shark.. Dad didn't die because of it...It's all wrong... Some fantasy you've concocted...You keep bringing it up.
It's a terrible thing to know some- thing no one else wants to believe.
I don't want to talk about that.
You looked just like your father... The first time the shark came to Amity....
I'm your mother.  It's my job....
There's nothing to worry about....
I'm worried.. We haven't had our....
I m not unhappy.  Frustrated maybe... Discouraged a little.  It'll work out....
I'm leaving in a few days.  I don't want to do that with you unhappy....
I have to get this finished.
You and Sean used to make....
I'm fine....
You look tired....
Trying to write our report....
It's late....
Children are never satisfied.  I have my house, my friends, my job...My life, Michael.  I have to live it. Besides, I'll be back.  Now show your mother what a good dancer you are.
You just got here....
No more sharks.  I'll stay for another week, then....
I'm pleased.  I really am.  Really....
That's it?  Good...I thought you'd break out the champagne....
Good.
It's not easy.  None of it is.  I have to find some way to get on with my life and I'm going to try.  I finally figured that out.  I'm going to do my best....
Will you let me finish.  I've been working on this all day.
You're not a pain in the ass....
I'm not going to bother you anymore about your work....
He's not chasing and I'm not running. And that's ridiculous....
I don't like him chasing around after you...I don't trust him....
I enjoy his company....
I am.
You're having a good time....
You're all I have left...I don't want you going in the water....
I'm not going to quit now....
You could teach...You could....
Mom, please don't start that again....
I want you to give up your work....
Once he locked himself in the bathroom and your grandfather had to get the ladder and climb in through the window....
Nothing out of the ordinary....
Good.  So will I....
I'll be all right, Michael.
We haven't had a real talk, have we? We'll do that before I go.
Okay.
How are you doing?
I'm fine....
All you all right?
You were a monkey....
Don't be such a Grandma...I was always climbing something....
I didn't mean to start that....
Come on, I'll show you around.
Oh, I didn't mean....  I'm being such a Grandma....
It's Jake's actually...Our floating lab....
Oh, it looks like my uncle's.  He taught me how to sail when I was a kid....
Your brother's dead...Your father's dead....
There's never been a great white where we live.  It's warm water... They don't like it....
He died from fear...From having to go out there after it....
Dad died from a heart attack....
It picked Sean...It killed your father....
Hey, come on, you can't believe that voodoo.  Sharks don't commit murder. They don't pick out a person....
I won't have anyone in my family any- where near the water....  Never again...Never....
Mom, you're upset.  Sit down...Please....
I don't want you in the water anymore....
I'm just getting started....
You're damn right I'm serious....
Come on, Mom, you can't be serious....
I want you to give up that terrible job.
What?
I want you to get out of the water....
You guys must be starving....
Sit down, Ma....
Mother....
It came for him.  It waited all this time and it came for him....
Yes you can....
I can't....
Give me a hand here for Christ's sake....
I tried to tell you...I tried....
My vision is perfect....
You sure you don't need glasses?
The whole idea is preposterous....
There's nothing to be sorry about.
I'm sorry...I....
Because it wouldn't occur to you to know why.  Blushing suits you....
Why?
I have this overwhelming desire to kiss you, Ellen Brody.
There are...I'm tired of one-way conversations....
There must be plenty of women who would be glad to go....
Only if he finds out... It's a short hop to the Caribbean.  We could take a few days....
Won't you get in trouble...?
I borrow it without telling him....
What?
I'll nick the boss' plane again....
I like to travel....
You're always taking time off....
I could take some time off....
I dreamed about always being warm... Stay a while....
That's hard to imagine....
I tried winter once.  Burlington, Vermont.  Flew a run to New York.  I have a bone in my foot that still hasn't thawed.  When I was a small boy....
But it gets cold in winter....
I have my own little island.
Our little island seems to agree with you....
Good.  I have two left....
I have two right feet.
You'll be sorry.
Would you suffer through a dance with me?
No!
All or nothing.  You want to roll them for me?
You're not going to bet it all....
Couple of more passes and I'll buy my own airplane.. Hell, maybe my own airline....
A big one....
A big one....
A drink with an umbrella in it....
Give it up... Kick it in the ass... Get on with your life....
The kind with an umbrella in it....
Sharks come and go, Ellen.  People don't have anything to do with it....
You promised me a drink....
I'm terrific... Come on....
No, you're not....
I'm fine.
Nothing....
What's wrong?
It's wonderful....
How do you like flying?
The plane's turning....
They took me to the chief, who took a long look at me, then took me in his hut....
You're impossible....
Got picked up by a tribe of head- hunters....
You're not going to tell me, are you?
One time I was flying supplies up the Amazon.  Went down in the jungle....
I'm only doing this to get out of my family's hair....
You're doing fine.  I'll keep you out of trouble.  Relax....
Where do I pull off...?
It's just like driving a car....
If you don't take it, we'll be swimming in a minute.
What are you doing?
No one does till they learn....
I don't know how....
Sure you can....
I can't....
Boss' day off...Take the wheel....
How can you just take the plane like this?
Doesn't matter....
Depends on where you want to go....
When it killed Sean it was like a stab in the heart.  I knew with absolute certainty that it had come for him. I knew that.  I know it's coming....
I'm not saying you're wrong, just that there are other possibilities....
It was no accident....
It could have been an accident....
Sometimes I think I'm going crazy. The nightmares....
I always listen to my feelings....
I...I can't explain it.  It's just something I feel.
Sometimes talking to a stranger is easier....
I don't know why I've told you all this.  I hardly know you.
Mostly it feels like driving.  You digging for buried treasure?
Flies the plane....
I'm the captain of this majestic ship.  It goes where I take it....
Can you just go off...?
You must get bored easily.
First time for everything is the best.  After that you know too much and it's never quite the same.
No....
I own the airplane.  I can do whatever I want.  I'm the boss.
Yes I can....
Can you keep a secret?  Something no one else knows?
Just like that?
Hurry!
I'm the artist.  Like my mother.
You the architect?
You're the man who drives the plane.
I don't know why I fish here...Never catch anything...Must be a sign under the water...'Beware, Hoagie's here....'
I do....
Want to go for a little ride?
The wind does that.  Ever been to the Bahamas before?
How come it bumps up and down when there's no road?
I'll get it back next time.
I'm too young for coffee.  Can I drive the plane?
I have coffee in the thermos.
They had them on the big one....
Aye, aye, Captain....
Keep it steady....
They spend half their lives looking for food and the other half eating it   They don't care what it is....
Maybe the plane gave it indigestion....
Get her started....
What say we get the hell out of here, Ellen Brody. ...
Will you get the bloody hell out of here....
It'll come for the plane.  It's attracted to metal.  The electro- magnetic impulse....
Hell, that wasn't half bad.. Get going...I'll keep it busy....
Hell, no.  What kind of pilot do you think I am...?
You sure you know how to do this.
Grab your socks....
She said it was coming....
What do you mean, it'll find her?
She'll be all right, partner.. She'll never find it.  We couldn't....
When we find her we'll radio her position...The Coast Guard will pick her up.  Don't worry....
You got a better idea...?
You're going after her in that? You're crazy...It'll take all day in that bathtub....
A shark attacked Thea and some kids...She's going after it....
I hope she's a good sailor....
We'll buy you one.  We're having a party....
It was theirs anyway.  I 11 buy us all a drink....
It needs more time to charge.
The damn thing is going to have our asses....
Nothing!  What the hell are you doing down there?
What happened?
All you passengers are the same.... Complain...Complain....
Come on, Hoagie....
Any faster and it'll turn into a flying Cuisinart and dice us into oblivion....
Can't this thing go any faster?
I fly elephants for smugglers....
What do you deliver on all those charters you...?
What's that....?
I want you to leave her alone.  I don't want you involving her in....
The world would be a better place if more sons danced with their mothers.
Mind if I cut in?  Your date's lonely....
Good news travels fast....
Jake tells me you're going to have to fly for the rest of your life to pay off what you lost at the crap table....
You too, Michael....
I'll get her.  Have a good Christmas, Matt....
Let me speak to Ellen....
It was like having snow in the house ...Jesus, I miss them.
Feathers all over the place....
The stuffing came out of the pillow he was wearing....
Oh, boy....
Would you talk to her?  She's got it in her head that the shark came for him.  She still blames it for my father's death....
She's had a lot to deal with...She needs time....
I wish there was something I could do....
She's a tough lady....
She has good days and bad...I don't know....
How's Ellen?
Inch by inch....
Tricky little devils, aren't they? How's the degree doing?
We'll be done pretty soon....
Still tagging conch?
Still chasing fish?
Yeah....
You don't have to say anything, Matt ...I know how you feel....
I don't know what the hell to say....
Tell Thea I'm sorry....
Matt?
I'm the one who wanted to study it....
Jake.
We need it to eat electronics, man ...Not you.  Get it on me....
It's my fault...I have to....
No way....
I'll do it, Jake.
My equipment doesn't crap out....
Your equipment has crapped out again....
I forgot my rubber gloves.  Let's do it.
The big picture...If we can't get him to swallow it, we'll shove it up his....
Wait for the sucker to charge, then hit the switch.  Just like taking a picture.
If we're real lucky, it'll eat itself....
Theory, partner...If it responds to external electrical impulse, it might respond to one coming from inside it...Confuse it...Drive it away....
It'll work....
All the time....
Anybody ever tell you you're nuts....
If it works, if we can get it inside the bastard and set it off, it'll shock the hell out of it.  We'll need a slave switch to set it off. Pull the dry cell out of the radio.
You jump, you'll kill yourself....
I've got to get to her....
What the hell are you doing?
Mom....
Holy Christ....
Screw you, Jake....
You told me what?
Tough shit.  'When the shark bites with his teeth, dear...'
I don't like the song.
You don't like my voice...?
Stop that!
You'll be the eternal tropo...The old man and the sea...Know the words to this one?  'Oh, the shark has pretty teeth, dear, and he shows them pearly white...'
Shove it....
Don't be so down, man.  Money's gone...Shark's gone...We're back to conch...We've got it made....
Shit....
'It got us in hot water...We should have been there for Carla....'
'Snuck up on me....'
'A Moray eel....'
'It was so ugly...It was so big....'
A Moray eel...A Moray eel....
Just trying to be helpful....
Funny, Jake...Funny.
Maybe he only likes white meat....
How come only me?
Nothing...Hey Michael...You know I was thinking about yesterday.  Maybe all that was wrong was he was hungry....
What about the monitor...?  You getting anything on the shark?
I live to hear the sound...You all right?
You getting a reading on them?
She's not going to like it....
I'm going down, Jake....
What about Carla's gig?
I didn't ask you to....
I don't like it....
You fall off a horse, you get right back on or you don't ride again....
It's my turn in the barrel, man....
Close...I don't know...Just get the hell....
I'm coming...How close is it?
Nothing.. But stay within a quarter mile...I've got a three-mile radius on the monitor.  If he comes back I'll hear him.  You'll have time to get up.
I've got about a half dozen...I'm going to tag them.  You hearing anything?
Maybe it's gone....
If you hadn't been gassing about Hoagie....
Maybe the gear crapped out....
We lost it....
I hear he flies a lot of private charters....
He gambles...He likes a good time...I see him around....
I am...You must know something about him....
Half don't...Bring her about....
Half the pilots down here fly drugs ...He's always going off....
Bring her about.  We're headed in the wrong direction....
You think he's not good enough for her?  You're right.  If she was my mother, I'd send her home right now.
What's so funny about that?
What do you know about him?
I don't remember.  One day he was just here....
Hoagie.
Who?
How long has he been here...?
Bring her to starboard.
As long as he's been here....
How long?
What the hell does Hoagie have to do with this?
How long have you known Hoagie?
What?
How long have you known Hoagie?
Shit....
What she's got.  Nine knots....
What are we getting out of this old bucket?
So far..
And it's always worked?
Lots of times....
You sure you've done this before?
You don't know shit about anything. Time you learned....
I don't know shit about electronics....
So did I....
I thought we were planning a long rosy future together.
The shark will get it for us.
My name goes on that report.  It's a half-assed job, I don't get my doctorate.  Neither do you....
We've got a rare bird here, Michael. Great whites don't come to the Bahamas.  There's never been one down here before.  I'm not just going to let it swim away.
We have at least three months' work left.  We can't write a report...We don't know enough....
Okay...we got it together....
We got it together, Jake....
When I invited you...
When I signed on....
When I got the grant.....
When we got the grant....
Okay.. .we're done, man....
We don't write up anything until we're done....
We're out of money, partner.. We wrap it up, write it up and turn it in... How come your heart sounds stronger than mine?  You got two of them...?
As the sun slowly sets in the West, we bid a fond farewell to the family of conch....
What for?  We've got a job to finish ...Why are you making the monitor?
Gave them the day off....
What happened to Clarence and...?
Down here....
Where is everybody?
Don't say anything about this to my mother....
You guys are making this into some- thing that just isn't so... It's just a shark.  A great big bloody wonderful shark.  Don't say anything to anyone. The locals find out they'll panic. They'll want to kill it.  We've got us a great white, Michael. We're going to do us some real research....
Holy shit!
Trouble with you, Jake, is you have no sense of humor....
Spade's a garden tool....
What?
I wish you wouldn't say that....
I've struck the mother-lode.  I'm counting... spade work....
Oh, it's okay for you, but not for me....
Stop busting my hump....
How many?
You're nothing but a bunch of goddamn romantics.  You're never going to amount to anything.
He's just trying to keep you from disappearing up your own....
You're afraid of the competition out there....
It's not a bad life, Jake....
A regular tropo...Spend the rest of your life in a bathing suit, living off nickel and dime grants.  You want to be a bum all your life, be my guest.  Not me.  I'm not growing old chasing snails and dying from terminal crotch rot....
I know a guy who got money from them to study eels....
They put bombs on dolphins....
Money is money....
Forget it....
Office of Naval Research has some money....
May your sex life be as busy as your shirt....
Sharp shirt, Jake....
I didn't do it on purpose....
Bad boy....
Where the hell's the beer...?
Maybe I missed you too....
Put me down, damnit....
They won't fight with me....
Put me down....
I missed you, is all.  It's dull around here working alone...Smelling all that sweet cologne....
Yeah, well, just stop yelling.
Shouldn't pick on that.  Sorry.  I'm sorry about your brother....
Hey!
You leave me high and dry...You come back looking like a zombie....
You couldn't find your ass with both hands....
A blind man could find more conch on a mountainside....
If you made them right, it wouldn't happen...They leak....
You didn't stick them on right....
I stuck them on, man....
I made them, man....
Maybe it's the tags that suck....
The readings suck....
I know how to tag a damn conch....
If you'd leave me alone, I'd be able to get my work done....
If we had some decent money, I'd be able to read their temperatures... Study their motor systems....
We're being paid to see where they go...How they propagate....
We'll pass around cigars....
The females have eggs....
You moved any slower, you'd grow roots...We've got a schedule...shake it, man....
I'm separating the ladies from the gentlemen....
You tagging them...?
Will you leave me alone...?
How many...?
Try the area around the wreck....
Stop busting my hump....
Stop farting around....
You want to be careful how you talk to me... I'm about to become famous...You should see....
When he has a pillow over his head....
Woman has taste....
I'd have to manage a nookie parlor to do that....
Manage the whole damn place some day. I'm looking forward to living in the style to which I would like to become accustomed....
I'm training to....
She's in management....
I'm not going to marry you until you straighten out your life and your hair.
I just want to make an honest woman of you....
Don't go weak in the knees on me tonight....
Happy birthday, darling. ...
Oh, Jake... 
Now wait a minute... I'm being serious here....
I told you....
More beautiful with each passing minute...
Here comes the cow ca-ca....
Who grows more beautiful....
Here it comes....
I knew there was a reason I could afford this.  To the woman of my dreams.. Who grows more beautiful....
In a few minutes....
How much longer?  This is supposed to be your party.
Don't flatter yourself.... 
Listen to Carla...Marry me...I'm tall, dark and handsome...two out of three ain't bad....
Deputy Brody will take care of it personally.
I'll take care of it.
Claims kids come around at night and tip over his sleeping cows.  They're not giving milk.
Cow tipping?
Gone to Ben Masters' place.  Cow tipping.
Where's Lenny?
Good night, Polly....
That man keeps calling about his training film.  I can't convince him we don't have a S.W.A.T. team.
Anything to do before I go home?
You have the safety talk at school, one o'clock tomorrow....
We're out of decaf...We're out of petty cash...And we're out of requisition forms....
That bad, huh?
Well, with me, it's all right. I'll kiss you and hug you. You see if I don't.  Now Mama, Mama, stop now. You're gettin' kittenish. Mama, listen, I'm gonna sing this like I will if I go on the stage. You know, with this show. I'm gonna sing it jazzy. Now get this ...
Oh, no. I wouldn't go ...
Yes, I'm gonna ride on the Shoot-the-Chutes. An' you know in the Dark Mill? Ever been in the Dark Mill?
Yeah?
What? Whatta you mean, no? Who is -- who is telling you? Whatta you mean, no? Yes, you'll wear pink or else. Or else you'll wear pink.  And, darlin', oh, I'm gonna take you to Coney Island.
No, Jakie, no. I-I-I-
Yes, she will. You see if she isn't. And I'm gonna get you a nice pink dress that'll go with your brown eyes.
Oh no--
You'll never guess. Shut your eyes, Mama. Shut 'em for little Jakie. Ha. I'm gonna steal something.  Ha, ha, ha, ha. I'll give it back to you some day, too, you see if I don't. Mama, darlin', if I'm a success in this show, well, we're gonna move from here. Oh yes, we're gonna move up in the Bronx. A lot of nice green grass up there and a whole lot of people you know. There's the Ginsbergs, the Guttenbergs, and the Goldbergs. Oh, a whole lotta Bergs; I don't know 'em all. And I'm gonna buy you a nice black silk dress, Mama. You see Mrs. Friedman, the butcher's wife, she'll be jealous of you.
What?
I'm glad of it. I'd rather please you than anybody I know of. Oh, darlin', will you give me something?
Yes.
Did you like that, Mama?
We only got one .. He doesn't drive.
How about any guys on your staff?
Only me and Mom ..
I'm sorry to worry you with this, but we had a real serious robbery, and we- 're chasing a white V.W. van? You guy came up an the computer, so as a matt- er of routine we have to check. Could you tell me who's driven it recently?
No, my mother's .. You better stop in .. I'm just here to feed the cat.
Is it your vehicle?
The van?
I'm afraid it's the "van" again.
As I said, Sergeant, you nearly ran into <u>me</u>? What's the problem?
That's a liability, Ross. I don't want you hanging on to my shirt. Anyone but me comes down these stairs, take em out but try and keep him alive. I want this bastard living ..
You ain't going in alone?
Alright. I'll start at the top, and work down.
We're not <u>here</u>. I don't want the desk to hear us ..
What if we need a back up?
<u>Hit those wipers, Ross</u>.
Policemen's bodies age at diff- erent rates. Look at me. Gut in its fifties. Balls in their six- ties. And feet in their eighties ..
What d'you mean, "bits."
Bits.
Bull shit .. I'm in my prime ..
It's twenty of three.
I guess by the bed.
Where's your watch?
Hey ..
Listen, you don't havta come?
This "cop" that's calling, thinks she gonna be there over Christmas.
Now?
I'm going up to the institute.
What exactly you doing, John?
I spose I'm drinking myself to sleep. It's Helena's Christmas songs .. they're really pretty ..
Jesus. What are you doin?
That's just what I wanna find out.
Hey, John, don't start getting antsy over this tonight. It may well have been the local cops?
You got a quiet phone somewhere?
Are you sure you didn't call?
Yeah .. I guess she's in the kit- chen .. We got a so-called prof- essional cook out there having a nervous breakdown over a turkey ..
Don't thank me. Thank Margie.
Can't thank you enough, Ross ..
Screw Citrine. He can fire me.
What about Citrine?
I dunno what I'd do with your help. I've gotta take her out of there ..
I dunno what I can do to help you?
Don't give me that! <u>Not another</u> <u>word</u>! When you had the Fat Lady in there, and I asked you if she was lying, you looked me right in the eyes and said <u>yes</u>. So as far as I was concerned, <u>she's ly-</u> <u>ing</u>. And if the King of fucking England had walked in & told me different, I wouldn't have bel- ieved him - because <u>you</u> told me ..
Everything you say sounds reason- able. But there's also a reason- able explanation for the opposite.
<u>I'm sick of this toy town shit</u>.
Ease off, John ..
How the hell do I know <u>who</u>? Some jerk-off. Some peeping-tom prick.
I'm asking it.
That's a very stupid question, Ross.
No .. You didn't know that ..
Well .. I didn't know that ..
<u>One hundred fucking per cent</u>! .. And you know why? Coz I never told her good-bye. O.K.? Is that good enough for the "committee?"
You don't really believe this?
I'm already familiar with Taylor's opinion.
I'm not in here to apologize, John. I told you what was gonna happen & it's happened? "Good-bye, Princess," & the same night she gets attacked? That's a tough one to swallow, Bro?
Nothing you gotta say do I wanna hear right now. So save yourself saying it.
Alright, enough, Ross. You'll bring on my "Nervous Tick" ...
You don't need me to tell you what hap- pens when you get emotionally involved?
Sure.
Alright, she wasn't lying about the van. But it could have been <u>any</u> van? Any little foreign diesel? .. She's <u>blind</u>, Bro .. It's sad .. She's pro- bably lonely, and you're a nice guy to have around .. But you're getting far too far into the element, Brother ..
She wasn't lying about the van.
You're a fucking great policeman, but give yourself a break. You're here 5 minutes, you find yourself a fucking homicide? .. Not many people could do that in a place like this .. And you gotta admit, there's a lot of shaky areas in this case? .. I mean, stop me if I'm going up the wrong nostril ..
Just makes to so God damned mad ..
You gotta stop calling Los Angeles .. You're dragging L.A. around with you like an addiction.  Look at the shit you're putting yourself through? For what? For <u>nothing</u>, I know it, I been there. Remember me? Up to my asshole in anger, living off the vitamins in cigarettes?  If there's a body under the snow, <u>fuck</u> <u>it</u>. Let somebody else worry about it. You gotta accept you stopped living in that world, & try and give yourself a break in this ..
John, <u>stop</u> <u>it</u>. The case is on its ass, you're closed.  C'mon, let it go for once .. Have a drink. C'mon, relax, drink your beer ..
I never knew about the sailor the- ory, Ross. He might have that one little thing I need in his files?
Stop it.
No God, Brother. If there was a God, asses wouldn't be at the perfect height for kicking.
God, it pisses me off, Ross.
Car accident.
Why's she blind, Bro?
He didn't shoot it, Ross. And no way by accident. There's a flash-burn. It was point-blank.
No, I think you'll find I looked like he could have? By accident even? He's up here spraying the scenery all day.
You looked like you did?
Did I say he did?
I wish he'd tell that to Citrine.
I dunno, I daren't go in there - just about get her wired up, and the fucking mayor walks in - mad as hell - what are we doing fuck- ing with his staff? We should be out chasing major violators ..
All but .. How <u>you</u> doing?
Did he shut you down?
What does it matter what I bel- ieve? .. What you gotta worry about is what Citrine believes ..
You believe me, don't you?
I was wrong.
That isn't what you said before.
We've fused into a major series, Ross. This girl isn't the second victim. This is "Jennifer <u>Eight</u>."
For a <u>dead</u> <u>dog</u>?
I wanna take that fucking Blind In- stitute to pieces .. Every address book, every phone call, everyone in and outta there in the last 5 years ..
Listen to me saying what?
That's what I'm here for. I want you to come and see Citrine with me?  He's not gonna here it from me but I know he'd listen to you.
Identity of whom? You got a girl, doesn't even have a driver's lic- ense? .. She's untraceable, John .. You need fifty detectives on this.
They possibly did - but they nev- er had a head, so they never had a bullet - and they never got an I.D. - not on any of em - never bust a homicide unless you know who your victim is - we're the first to get a positive identity.
How come the F.B.I. don't put anya this together? They work- ed over "Jennifer" for months?
Six girls over a period of 18 months, and give or take a head or two, the M.O.'s exactly the same. Dark hair. No hands. All shot with a high velocity twen- ty-two in the back of the head.
You want me to stop the car?
I remember the old bastard's liver! I don't believe you did that. I had a great sent- imental attachment to that.
It's not your friend. It keeps you sucking. Remem- ber the old Bum's lungs?
What are you doing, Ross? I've had that 15 years! ..
To throw out of the window.
What do you want it for?
I don't want excuses, I want that weird-looking stuff called "cash."
I had one <u>puff</u> on a <u>pipe</u>.
I need some security. I don't trust you anymore.
Why?
Then give me that Zippo.
I haven't got it.
Pay me, and I shut up.
Don't start again. If you win a bet, you can't keep winning it ..
So am I. But where's my money?
Maybe not? I'm feeling lucky ..
Forget it. They got stringent hyg- iene rules. He's long gone in lime.
We're going.
No way .. not me, Mister. I'm not going up there again. Might find someone's prick in a hot-dog roll.
Alright, I didn't, but I nearly did, and if I had I'd have been right .. I knew there was some- thing about that Labrador, that dog was too good to be dead .. We gotta get back up that dump ..
No, you didn't.
Had a seeing Eye Dog since she was eighteen .. didn't I tell you those dogs meant something ..
<u>What</u>? She's <u>blind</u>, Bro. You may as well ask one of these Beethoven guys on the piano?
Let me just keep going a while. She might remember something?
Thank Christ we got a witness.
This looks promising .. I think this one could be it?
I dunno .. I guess this is staff side of the building?
Where is everyone?
I think I got something - twenty two years old, dark hair - study- ing mathematics -  - Last seen <u>5 weeks ago</u> ..
Pig Woman agreed to take a test.
No you don't. That's how you <u>think</u> you feel about him. That's how you feel about <u>yourself</u>. You won't give yourself one-fucking-minute for <u>you</u>.
O.K. and I'm not in love with this fukker? That's how I feel about him.
Because I dislike her too much ..
Why don't you dump the "Fat Lady?"
Why don't you dump it? Mail it off. Give the fucking F.B.I. a present?
What do you mean, Ross?
Worrying - clicking - picking - You may as well be back in Los Angeles.
What do you mean?
A dollar? .. Not worth giving up for a dollar ..
Someone bet me a dollar ..
How'd you do it, old man?
I don't mean this "system" shit that keeps you sucking, I mean <u>stop</u> .. I was exactly like you are .. I used to wake in the night - heart going so hard I coulda made love with my left tit .. If I can stop, <u>you</u> can ..
I <u>am</u> stopping smoking ...
You gotta stop smoking ..
Find yourself a farmer's daughter with nice big fucking tits, and shake that "bye-bye." Send it to Sacramento, John .. I sniff grief ..
Maybe?
You want my advice?
Because it's a ritual you gotta go through with. I'm down to 10.
Why don't you throw them all away, and smoke none?
It's a technique I read about. If you smoke 60 a day, you buy three packs, throw one cigar- ette away, and smoke 59. Day 2, you throw 2 away and smoke 58 ..
It's a method for quitting smoking.
He thinks you stole his promotion.  What exactly you doin there, John?
I already did. What's his problem?
It's an "unsolved." They spent 500 thousand dollars & bought emselves a dead end - You might wanna check it with Taylor, he worked the case.
Watch my lips .. <u>Don't get into it</u> ..
There's nothing in the files?
Because, don't get into it ...
Why so coy about the word "frozen"?
Seven thirty-five .. Here, "Town Gets Top Cop." I was gonna pin it to your wall.
What time is it?
C'mon, just shut your eyes until it's painted.  You're gonna love it. This is "God's Country," John.
Not too good in daylight ..
What does that mean?
O.K.
How's the new residence?
Since when did you drink diet soda?
Not today .. I'm on a diet to- day .. I'll take a diet soda ..
What d'you mean, I just opened it for you? This is <u>French</u> champagne.
Not for me ..
A professional, whining, con-person bitch with an ass the size of Africa ..
Who is who?
Think I'll lay down with him. Only way I'll get outta here.
Yeah, he can go ...
Two dogs. He should do the dogs.
The <u>dogs</u>?
We give it one more hour. Did the photographer do the dogs?
I think you're here all day.
What do you think?
Oh, shit. Of course. The kid.  <u>Travis</u>. Find that kid and get the knife off him. He's gonna lie to you - but he's got it - so <u>get</u> it. Well, go on, get on with it. Whatta you staring at?
What about that kid, Ross?
Watch my lips, coz you're not gonna believe this - <u>this</u> is a rare occurrence. We haven't had a body in eighteen months.
So what happened to the barbecues, and fishing?
Uh huh .. He's well rehearsed ..
Mr Blattis, of our local news- paper. You sure it's a suicide?
"Welcome to Eureka."
No, Sir. I haven't started till Monday. I'm a "tourist."
You heard. Look for the knife.
I dunno .. Guess the dozer musta shifted him? You need some hands up here to look ..
Old guy, offed himself with a knife. I can't find the knife.
Be my guest. What you got?
I hope I'm not intruding?
Did you bring it with you?
I am calm .. <u>I am calm</u> ..
You ain't talking to no one, till you calm down.
I'll sign anything you want. <u>Please</u>. Bring here her .. <u>I want Helena here</u> ..
Coz I'm <u>short of men</u> & Ang- elo won't do it .. Who ever I got free first - <u>you</u> <u>get</u> ..
I want Serato ..  Why can't I have Serato?
Alright, you got it. And I'll be putting an Observer in with you.
No.
And did they?
I never asked if he could "see." I just asked one or two of the stud- ents if they remembered anything?
He says, you freaked one of em out?  "Asking a newly blind kid if he can 'see,' is both cruel, and dangerous" ..
That's bullshit,
Got a letter from this Goodridge guy? Says, you're upsetting his students?
Once.
I'm talking, outside the girl?
Three or four.
Don't underestimate me .. the Mayor's pissed - but that's nothing to do with this - sit down - How many times have you been up at that institute?
Is that my punishment for embarrassing Mr Heineman?
I'm shutting you down on this "blind thing," John.
We have a body part in suspicious circumstances - a tailor's dummy wearing a brassiere - <u>and a bill</u> <u>for seventeen dollars for its wig</u>!
We have a multiple homicide, Sir ..
I <u>have</u> heard you. You just don't like hearing <u>me</u>. You got this whole damned thing outta proportion. I don't know what you gotten used to in Los Angeles, but I don't believe there's a Police Chief, <u>in this country</u>, would put a task force together for a body part ..
If you're not gonna hear me, Chief ..
She's <u>not</u> "missing." Did she shout? Did she scream? Did he coerce her? <u>No</u>. She left of her own free will .. And if she gets on a plane and goes to Peru with the prick, she's still not missing. You got no case, John.
It's <u>her</u> hand. <u>Her</u> scars. <u>Her</u> dog. Her dog's shot. And she's missing.
It could be anyone's hand. Illeg- ally disposed of hospital debris ..
No, Sir.
Have you got a print from the hand?
No.
Have you got a match on the bullet?
He <u>hasn't</u> hidden it. He never made a hit this far north before, and he never read a weather forecast .. She's probably fifteen feet from the highway, three feet under snow.
Then <u>where's the body</u>? .. Where's the body, and <u>why's he hidden it</u>?
Coz this is a major & we're closer to this bastard than anyone's ever been.
You're pushing this too hard. It's like you <u>want</u> me to say <u>stop</u>? You must know that's the way this is going, John? There's other work to do, why don't ya ease off a little?
I'm not telling you what to do. What I will say, is <u>right</u> <u>now</u>, that child's tricycle there is more important to me than this ..
What do you want me to do, Chief?
Sucked in officers from all over the county. And it was the worst six months this station ever had.
I thought it was Taylor's case?
Probably making him feel a bit antsy seein it back on the wall. He worked a lotta time on this.
Yeah, that's all very inter- esting, but where's the body?
I got four points of posit- ive comparison on the cut ..
I don't see that at all ..
Yes, Sir, I think they maybe. I think "Jennifer," and this lady got hit by the same guy?
What is all this Jennifer stuff?
Hair on her hand. Plus Jen- nifer had raven black hair.
How do you know her hair's black?
Laser enhancement of the finger- tip .. it's really bothering me .. See these striations right here?  It's like she's always worrying the end of her finger? Rubbing it with a thumb nail, or something?
What is that?
That, I couldn't tell you .. And don't worry about anya this crap, by the time you're back it's gone ..
Why did he ask if it was frozen?
Maybe he's lying to you?
Kid told me he didn't take it?
No .. But we have a theory ..
Did you find the knife, Sergeant?
Popeye wasn't old. Younger than you.
I think he would have if he could have - been trying to get me up here long enough - I think he may have bribed the old guy to retire ..
Did he get you the job?
Average rainfall, 48 inches. Pisses down, October to June.
Is this normal?
Your predecessor. He did- n't like to get outta bed. Catch you later, Freddy T ..
My pleasure .. Who's Popeye?
Alright, gentlemen, I'm gonna leave you. I got a couple of questions for the paper, Serg- eant? Mind if I swing by later, wring out a tea-bag with you?
Cut your own throat, you're ner- vous about it, tend to hesitate. He's got three trial cuts, lower left side of the neck, before he works up courage for the big one.
What does that mean, Sergeant?
Fucken noddle's hanging off ..
Week or two.  Musta been on the ker- osene.  Stinks like a diesel engine.
You <u>haven't</u>. And you got no voice in here, Taylor, <u>so keep it shut</u>.
I've heard you call him Freddy.
I've told you the truth. It isn't me .. I've never call- ed Ross "Freddy" in my life ..
He ain't offerin me shit.
He's offerin you a deal? Why don't you take it ..
Well, her, it ain't. That bitch is blind as a blonde fucken bat.
I know what a "witness" is.
<u>If</u>, your friend from San Diego was up here, and thought for <u>one</u> out of <u>two fucken seconds</u>, she was a danger to him, he'da taken her out weeks ago ..
You don't know what you done, Taylor.
Just walk away from me, Taylor ..
Hey, c'mon, country boys, let's all line up and hear the expert.
Don't you know nothing about this guy? He <u>reads</u> the newspapers. Col- lects the cuttings. When are they gonna find her? Now he's reading Helena Robertson's name, phrased like she's a fucking witness. You couldn't have done anything more stupid if you'd sat down & tried ..
Bullshit.
So read it! You just hung a target around her neck!
Alright, I gave him the case? .. So the case is closed, so what?
Don't lie, Taylor. I just had this Blattis guy on the phone asking me for a comment - you gave him the whole damned case!
I may have said some- thing. I don't recall.
<u>You</u> put it in there.
His blind friend got "attacked." Angelo went up there, and some- how, it got itself in the paper.
Wrong cabinet.
Vehicle references.
What are you looking for?
.. feel like I'm getting close to this guy .. and all the time, feel like I'm sharpening a pencil with a broken load .. I'm sorry, King J ..
How come he's suddenly so forth- coming? I'd like to kick him right in the ass. If he'd discussed it with me, I mighta gotten somewhere ..
Yeah, in and outta Frisco on the big boats .. Every lead we had went right out to sea .. Night, night, Freddy T .. John ..
I see .. Well, she's teaching an- other class at four .. I'd apprec- iate it if you don't detain her ..
Well, apparently, she saw Amber the weekend she left, & was briefly in the room with the guy she left with.
As she's a member of my staff, may I ask what this is about?
Yes, Sir.
Then you could have saved yourself a lot of driving, Sergeant. What I said on the phone's the same as I'm saying now. I got no idea where Amb- er is, or who it was took her there.
I was hopin since we spoke that you might have remembered something that would give us an idea where she is?
Then what are you hoping I'm gon- na do? Dissuade, or persuade you?
I'm afraid I can't give you an ans- wer to that, Mr Goodridge. As I ex- plained to your secretary, we're do- ing a lotta looking, but we're not even sure it's her we're lookin for ..
As recent as we have .. What ex- actly is your interest in Amber?
It's not as bad as it sounds .. They can't refuse me bail. Raise bail of my own cognizance & find the best damned lawyer there is ..
I don't want them to arrest you.
I think they're gonna arrest me.
I wanna be near you ...
You don't wanna sit here any more, sweetheart ..
I'm blind because my father drank.
You do?
I know about alcohol, John.
He doesn't need my help.
Then why didn't he kill me?
He don't know that. I didn't.
I can't identify him ..
Coz he thinks you're a witness.
Why does he want to kill me?
The man who killed Amber is a psychopath. He was up at the in- stitute to <u>kill you</u> - he don't wanna kill Rose - he was there to <u>kill you</u> - that's the truth - and I didn't wanna tell it to you - but that's the reason I want you to stay at Margie's - coz I can't protect you here ..
<u>Then explain it to me</u>. I got enough darkness, don't I?
I know you're trying to help me, but you don't understand.
Don't say that. Don't you <u>dare</u> say that .. <u>I believe you</u>  ..
No .. not now ..
I'm going back to the institute.
She has an aunt, in Vermont. I'll take her there tonight.
Please don't ask no quest- ions now .. Not right now ..
Why?
It's not possible right now.
Why can't I stay with you?
Alright, I'm worried about Christmas. I wish I hadn't told him I'd be back ..
You're looking more worried now than when you "decided to stop worrying"?
No I'm not.
You're looking worried again, Helena?
Who?  Probably Angelo .. I'll take care of it .. Don't worry, we- 're gonna find this guy, and everything'll be O.K. .. O.K.?
I don't think so .. He said the police had been calling .. want- ed to ask me some more questions ..
Has he got your aunt's address?
Coz you hardly said a word since you got here. But you been thinking pretty loud ..
You know? How do you know?
I know.
I have to talk to you, Helena.
Fifty-seven .. I don't mind ..
Which is what?
Just your age.
He said that? What else did he say?
He said you're quite chubby. And you have a nervous tick.
Really? What did he say?
Ross told me.
How d'you know what I'm like?
I know what you're like ..
I was married to her sister ..
Have you known her long?
She runs a kind of hair dress- ing and you know, beauty salon ..
.. sorry your father, mother sis- ter, whatever .. I couldn't take another day of it .. Come on, I'm gonna rob you of a cup of coffee ..
Sorry?
No, I don't pray .. Had a dream once, about God, just around the time I was getting well .. He was a nasty lookin little guy, moved into the apartment right on topa me .. I said, don't you listen to people's prayers?  He said, prayers? Not often. They're Junk Mail.
You said, you were in the bad lands?
Pray?
Do you pray?
I don't know, I haven't read much. I don't think poetry's my kinda thing?
No, Wordsworth .. Do you like poetry?
Yeah, that'll do .. Is that "Hamlet?"
"Thoughts that lie too deep for tears."
I know, but you pick on the one time in my life I like not to remember. I was in the bad lands. Really not well. It's something that happens to a lota cops. We don't wanna talk about that.
You just asked me to ask you questions.
Was. But I don't like to talk about it.
Are you married?
There's no one "looking at you" .. There's hardly anyone in here. The only person looking at you, is me.
I'm sorry .. I don't like sitting in the middle of a restaurant .. I feel like everyone's looking at me ..
Well, I'm glad we got the conver- sational side of lunch over with.
Oh.
No.
Are you wearing a uniform?
You should. It's wonderful.
No.
Hamlet. Have you read it?
What are you reading?
It was probably the wind.
I'm sorry, someone slammed the door on me. I couldn't get out.
Of course I would ..
If I came to the diner with you, would you bring me back?
Well, some cars sound fat and some cars sound thin, and this kind of car sounded "hollow" ..
I gotta admit, you're one of them. Just wish I knew what you meant by a "hollow car?"
I suppose I'm the worst witness you've ever had?
No problem. I'm not in a hurry.
I'm sorry. I'll get my things.
No, just a minute or two .. I knocked on your door - no one home, so I followed the music ..
Have you been here long?
I don't know.
What color was it?
Yes.
Did Amber have a dog?
Sometimes I look after friends dogs, if they go to dances, or something?
Lotta scratch-marks on your door?
No.
D'you have a dog? Seeing Eye Dog?
Yes, I could smell it on his breath, like I can on your's.
Me?
No. Except he smoked. Like you.
Is there anything else you can tell me? Anything about him or her? Doesn't matter how small?
My hands?
Can I see your hands?
No, it has a mind of its own.
The elevator wasn't working?
I don't know. I guess she must have called him John? I'm mak- ing tea. Would you like some?
John? .. You never said that on the phone? .. What makes you think his name was John?
Why not? You heard my voice?
No.
When we spoke on the phone, did you know I was blonde?
You must have some idea about him.
What kind of friend? Was he a boy friend? An old friend? New friend?
Well, I think I told you on the phone .. I went up to her room to say good-bye, and we just sat on the bed and chatted a while, while her friend was coming in and out collecting her things ..
I'm Mr Berlin.  Mr Ross is right here. And Mr Ross is maybe gonna take a few notes, if that's O.K.?  O.K. .. I'd like you to tell me in what ever way you want, what you can remember about the time you spent with Amber on the aft- ernoon she left? Take your time, and nothing's too trivial, O.K.
What d'you wanna ask, Mr Ross?
The man from the F.B.I.
Who sought the warrant?
Yes, Sir.
You got a warrant for this?
I dunno, Sir. Brought you up a Chevy.
Why?
I been told to take your car in, Sir.
What are you doing, Travis?
Come on, Michael, outta here, the guys trying to move in. I told you what we know, something else, you- 'll be the first to hear about it ..
Wasn't frozen, was it, Sergeant?
Then do me a favor, and keep this outta the newspaper - that dump serves a dozen different communities, we don't even know if it's ours? Till we do I don't want no one worrying about ..
Grateful for your candor, Sir.
.. we got a body part. We don't know what it is - probably some kind of hospital debris - we're gonna try and check it out. O.K. Now you know as much as we do ..
C'mon, Chief, if it's sensitive, tell me .. I'm not taking notes ..
Interview over, Blattis ...
No, Sergeant, I got <u>no</u> <u>idea</u> with who. And I might add, that in another six weeks, a hundred and fifty students will be leaving here, & driving away for their Christmas holidays with pe- ople whose name I-won't-know-either ..
And you got <u>no</u> <u>idea</u> with who?
Then let me put your mind at ease .. Firstly, Amber isn't "blind" - she has some useful vision - and second, this isn't a prison, it's a college of higher education - a severe vis- ual disability doesn't mean my stud- ents don't value their independence as much as anybody else - and Amber was a very independent young woman - She decided to leave - so she left ..
Yeah, I guess I do.
You find something curious in that?
A blind girl can just walk out of here, and you don't know who with?
I'm here, honey. I'm right here.
Is that Margie?
Don't mix very well with beer.
How you doing on those shoes?
I think John, would <u>love</u> it ...
You think John would like it?
Sure you can. Anyway, parties are all about standing still ..
I haven't worn heels since I was 16. I don't think I could walk in these?
Think he still thinks about her. But not like then. Then was an obsession.
You think he still loves her?
You know, he crashed. He just couldn't come to terms with it .. John hates to lose, and he hated losing her .. Every spare minute, he's driving down to San Diego, having a terrible time with her, getting drunk, and driving back .. you just don't believe the amount he drank ..
What does that mean?
Suzanne? Very pretty. She was a semi- professional model. But a policeman's wife she wasn't. So one day, she just packed it and left. And his whole life went straight down the nearest toilet.
What was she like?
Two or three years ago.
When did John divorce?
Got a handshake like a partially excited penis.
He's not that bad of a guy ..?
She married some English prick.
I wouldn't mind another B.E.E.R.
You want something, darling?
Well, that's who she is. Cept she can't run away.
Except for the hair color, she looks just like Suzanne?
I'm sure he is. But gettin in- to the "element" is a bad idea.
He's happy, darlin ..
She's a doll. But I wish he hadn't brought her out here.
Such a shame .. She's a really sweet kid ..
Even better.
No it isn't .. It's Californian ..
Tonight I'm feeling lucky ..
So tonight she confesses?
Freddy's new obsession ..
Friday night at City Hall. Got a great chance to frighten the fat.
Bobby's out .. What's the hurry?
Dinner's another night, darlin .. This is a drive-by. I got an hour ..
I'm not giving him <u>Pizza</u>. I haven't seem him for a year? I'm gonna cook him a dinner.
No, c'mon, Freddy, let's have this out & over. You know what everyone thinks? They think you're making a case coz you found yourself a nice piece of ass. And no one's blaming you for it, I hear she's worth the flowers. But don't come in here get- ting holy over us. Sure I put it in the paper. Coz I wanted to <u>stop</u> this bullshit. I don't want you drunk out- ta your head searching my office ag- ain. it's pissing <u>me</u>, & <u>everyone</u> off.
Shut up, King Jay ..
He tells her, "bye-bye," and she gets "attacked." Well, give me a fucking break! There <u>is</u> no "Ser- ial Killer." Stick her name up in neon, there's still no Serial kil- ler! And I ain't the only one say- ing it. Everyone in this building is saying it. And I mean <u>everyone</u>.
Alright, guys. We stop this <u>now</u>.
You think you're the only guy ever worked a homicide? I was a big-city cop too. And I bust- ed the clock on fucken Jennifer. I know more about this man than you'll over know - and that's how I know it ain't him - you- 're investigating a soap-opera ..
Whass going on here?
Just easy on the words you're putting in my face, Sergeant ..
No one's gonna make that Gent. Six months investigation, & the nearest we got, we thought he was a sailor.
Hey, we're not talking "talk" tonight.
Ask him.
The coroner wants to know if we can release the derelict?
I think I've found a hand.
Whatta you mean, "horrible?"
I think I found some- thing horrible, Sir
No, Sir.
Don't annoy me, Travis.
I wonder what would make him do a thing like that?
His father's the manager, Sir. The kid was up there shooting vermin, and he found the body.
Where do you fit in, Trimble?
A derelict.
Damn A, it's O.K. With a bit of luck I'm goin home. What we got?
He was waiting for you, Sir. Wait- ed a good while. Said he'd go down and take a look. I hope that's O.K.
He has? .. What's he doing here?
On the infill. The guy from L.A.'s just gone down there ..
I'm already walking. Where is it?
You can drive down there, Sir ..
You know I didn't ever want to hurt you.
Oh Jerry.
No.
I did the 23 hour nose-route to the top of El Capitan in 6 hours! I can make this work.
I'm not trying to make history. _ 67.
No one has ever dumped me.
Listen to me, it's over.
You've never been alone and you can't be alone --
There is something missing here.
Didn't hear it.
It's over --
No.
Listen to me!
-- stop --
Don't say it.  We're both ragged out right now.
I think you added the "brutal."
What was our deal when we first got together?  Brutal truth, remember?
Tell you what -- I'd prefer loyalty..
Go ahead.  Jump right on into my nightmare.  The water's warm. _ 65.
It's not "love me."  It's not "trust my handshake."  It's make the sale. Get it signed.  There shouldn't be "confusion" about that.
Look, I don't want a --
Jerry.  You and I are salespeople. We sell --
Everything's on the fucking run! Everything --
I have to finish my job --
Could you just stop moving?
It's all about you, isn't it? Soothe me, save me, love me --
Oh honey.  It's spun.
What do I do?  How do I spin this?
I just heard.
Jerry!  Do something --
This can't be happening to me.
It's a plan --  -- _ 51.
You lost your head, it happens.  I'm so fuckin jazzed!  Listen. I'm going to have to fly to Chicago tomorrow, how 'bout if we meet in the Dallas airport and we all fly into New York together for the draft?
Well, no you didn't --
Don't worry about it -- I never told you what I thought of that memo either --
I know.  Sorry I threw a scare into our lives there --
Let's go.  I'll drive you. _ 45.
Now.
I'm sorry.  I was on a roll.  I meant something else.  When do you want to leave?
Who said anything about "loser?" Where do you get this word "loser?"
You are not a loser.
Okay, this is working.
King of the Housecalls! Master of the Living Room!
That's right.
Well, it worked, and I will not let you fail.  You are Jerry Ma- fuckin-guire.
I think I was trying to sleep with you at the time.
Good.  They're all heatseekers!  All of them, everybody. You keep one superstar and they'll all follow. There's no real loyalty, and the first person who told me that, Jerry Maguire, was you.
Seventy-two clients.  ONE stayed.  Jacket on, tie in pocket. _ 44.
Ugh!
"Dad says we gwan sleep on it.
And the egyptian cotton shirt that works with or without the jacket.  Tell me again, how was it left with Cush?
The power move is to go unannounced.  Black suit, right?
One of the accountants.
Who told you?
I know about the bachelor party.
Oh -- don't forget tomorrow we have dinner with Wade Cooksey.
Jerry, this is what intimacy is!
You know.  I don't think we need to do the thing where we tell each other everything!
Oh Gawd, oh yes, it's never been better. Never BETTER!!
Sooner... or later... I'll have to stop.
Don't ever stop fucking me!
Still going.
Yeah, how'd it go with Sportboy?
He's asleep, right?
Good, that'll put him to sleep early. No offense.
Hey, man, tonight I'm going to teach Ray about jazz.
Don't let him stay up too late.
Yeah, Dotty. You did. _ 50.
Wait.  Did I just say "hon" to him?
Talking and saying nothing, man, it's an art I have not mastered.
Just be friendly and say "no comment."
Reporters, Jerry.  They been callin' all night.
"Something in the way.  Yeah."
Okay. San Diego just came in with a last-minute scenario.  It's big.
"It's okay to eat fish, 'cause they Don't have any feelings...
Cush, Matt -- we have a decision to make.
Wait.  What do you mean?
I see what you're saying.
Let me think about that.  Want something to drink?
Then you shouldn't have begged me to hire him.
Airight.  Enough.  I'm pulling him out of this.  This isn't what I had in mind anyway.
Bill, Rod, wait --
Look, Rod, just get on the camel!
They ain't laughing, man. Something's wrong.
... this is... uh... too funny...
You're imagining it.
This is fuckin Michael Jordan, man! They should be screaming.
Oh come on --
You hear those courtesy laughs, Jerry? There is a seething wrongness at the edges of this party.
Aw, shut up.  You had me at hello. _ 130.
This used to be my specialty. I was good in a living room.  Send me in there, I'll do it alone. And now I just... I don't know... but on what was supposed to be the happiest night of my business life, it wasn't complete, wasn't nearly close to being in the same vicinity as complete, because I couldn't share it with you.  I couldn't hear your voice, or laugh about it with you.  I missed my wife.  We live in a cynical world, and we work in a business of tough competitors, so try not to laugh --  I love you.  You complete me.
Come on, Jerry.  You know this isn't easy for me.  _ 118.
So this break... is a break-up.
There's no question you'll be friends. Of course you'll be friends.
What about Ray?
Oh please.  My need to make the best of things, and your need to be what, "responsible"... if one of us doesn't say something now we might lose ten years being polite about it. Why don't we call this next road trip what it is.  A nice long break.
I don't like to give up.
I know.  I watched it.  I sort of know it by heart.
What if it's true?  "Great at friendship bad at intimacy." I mean, come on.  It's the theme of my bachelor film --
I think we made a mistake here.
Dorothy -- what if I'm just not built that way?
Why fucking not!  I deserve it.
...my soul or something. _ 117.
I don't know --
You want...
I don't need you to "stick."
Well -- I'm not the guy who's going to run.  I stick.
I took advantage of you and worst of all, I'm not alone. I did this with a kid.  I was just on some ride where I thought I was in 1ove enough for both of us.  I did this.  And at least I can do something about it now.
Tell me -- let me help --
It's not fair to you.  This whole --
What --
It's my fault.
Why do you love me?
Why do you love me?
Okay... I will...
Well, when you wonder, ask me.
And I really don't know your noises yet.
Sometimes I can't tell at all, what's going through that head of yours.
I was thinking I hope he doesn't get injured. I felt responsible.
Will you marry me?
No no.  Don't do that.  Don't say that if you don't...
If I said that, would you stay?
Look, just in case this weekend becomes next month and next month becomes... whatever...  Don't make a joke of your life. Go back and read what you wrote. You're better than the rest of them, better than the Bob Sugars, and don't forget it.
What --
So I'll see you this weekend.
This rig? Phht.  No problem.
Sure you're okay to drive this?
And I appreciate that impulse.
Fine, I just --
Another time, okay Dorothy?
Easy, easy --
Oh God.
Oh hell yes.
Okay. Wait here a second.  Do we really want to do this?
Right.  I'll come in.
No.  I have to go in.  I live here.
Same to you.
I think you should not come in, or come in depending on how you feel.
Good night.
Well -- this would be goodnight.
Let's not tell our sad stories.
What?
Yeah.  It wasn't like my marriage to Roger was so great, even before --  Jerry?
No no no.  I just underestimated her...  her temper, I guess.  Why are we even talking about this?
Maybe you should call her.
Maybe love shouldn't be such hard work. I know, but --
It was laziness1 my whole breakup with Avery. You know that thing you say, "it's nobody's fault." It's one of the great lies, right? Someone is always to blame -- if you go for it, go for it like you do a job, work at it --
Bye you guys. _ 88.
We'll see you soon, honey. Bye.
Yeah, I did -- am I dressed okay? I guess I didn't realize we were...
Yeah -- guess I got revved up at the idea of an evening among adults -- no offense buster.  You meet Chad the nanny?
Wow.  That's more than a dress. That's an Audrey Hepburn movie.
Exactly because I know this is a time when you need to be alone with your thoughts.  _ 86.
You walked out on a job for me, and I won't ruin that.
Oh good.
I mean, the other night was... I felt like you understood something I could barely even say, something way down deep in the murk --  -- but we have a company here to think about.  I won't ever take advantage of you in that way again.
I'm relieved you said that.
We're two people working together and we can't have an atmosphere.
Yeah, what happened there.
Look, the other night, I want to apologize.
You don't have to explain.
I sunk most of what I had into this condo, which devalued, and --
Plus, you could use that commission.
Good.  Good.  Glad is good.
Actually he said "glad." _ 85.
Happy. He said "happy?"
Dennis Wilburn called from Arizona to say he's faxing in the new Tidwell offer on Thursday morning, and you'll be happy.
Good evening.
Well, good evening.
I may not sue.
No, I do.  I feel like Clarence Thomas.  I'm like... harrassing you... right now.
No.  No don't feel like Clarence Thomas.
Now I feel like Clarence Thomas.
Yeah, I did.
Oh shit.  You said "boss."
Don't worry about it, boss.
Sorry about this hand.  You know that feeling -- you're not completely embarrassed yet, but you glimpe tomorrow's embarrassment?
Well.
Mission... statement...
I'm working with you because of that memo...
What you wrote inspired me. _ 79.
Me too.
Sure.
Truth?
And I am...
-- especially one like this.
We will be fine!
Don't worry about me.  I can get jobs --
Good idea.  Thank you.
Drinks.  Food.  Plus, I called you a cab.
Yeah, thanks.
Beer okay?
Sure --
Do you have something to drink?
Sorry.  Uh, let me see, have a seat. I'll get you some aloe vera for that cut too.
And just think if I got her the ring she really wanted.
Jesus, it's a real gash, isn't it?
Better now than later.  We'll still be friends. I'm dying here.
Too bad.
Yeah.  That too.  I broke up with Avery.
Oh my God.
I'm glad you're home.  That "alone" thing is... not my specialty...
He's asleep.  Watch out for that lamp.
Thanks for inviting me over. Where's the little guy?
Hi.
Hey you.
Yep.  Have a good time at school, Ray.  Wish me luck.
Okay, have we gone over everything? Back on Tuesday, right?
Call me later, hon.
Thanks.
Happy for us... okay.  Here's the number. 404-453-2222.
Happy for us.
Well, I'm happy for you.
It's all going to work.  We're going to save the world.
I just got goosebumps.
It's all going to work.
We are?
Dorothy, let me tell you something, we are back. We are so very very back.  I re-signed Cush. We're set.
Shit, it's just so frustrating to not be able to talk to Avery --
... light.
Wait.  That's yesterday, from the other office. Today is...
No, that's fine.  What calls came in today?
Sorry, that's my son and the nanny. I had the calls transferred to my home so I could go over your stuff.
Hello?
Honey -- later, okay?  Whoop.  Wait.
Same to you.
That took guts.
Absolutely.
But I mean really... wonderfully...  great.
No no, I know --
Give me your number.  I'll call tomorrow.  I'm just a little. I'm a little insane right now.  But it's going to be great.
And I guess we didn't talk about money.  So, I'll just dive in --
Sure. Yes. Medical, I don't know.
So I know this is a bad time, but -- you will have a medical program, right?
My favorite aunt is hearing impaired. He said "you complete me." _ 40.
Wonder what he said.
Dorothy.  Ray.  A pleasure.
Oh no.  I'm sure it would just make your day to drive us all the way to Manhattan Beach, taking that left down to little tiny Waterloo street where you have to play chicken with oncoming traffic, and your life flashes before your eyes, but -- hey, I've obviously had too much coffee and all -- here's my sister Laurel to pick us up.  Thanks, though. Bye.
-- the part about "we should embrace what it is still virginal about our enthusiasm" --
I appreciate that, because some of that stuff... you know, it was two in the morning and...
Oh tsht. Yes.
You think so?
I think in this age, optimism like that... it's a revolutionary act.
No, I'm just... anxiously looking past it.  I already had my bachelor party.  It was called "my twenties." See you later.
Nnnnn.  I just killed the surprise.
No no. I knew.
Oh no.
And have fun at your bachelor party.
Well, take care.
Well, thanks.
My son... my mind...
Now what did you lose?
Hmm.  Pretty good.
I know who y6u are.  You're Dorothy Boyd.  You're in... wait... you're in Accounts.  You have the middle cubicle toward the back with that poster of Albert Einstein morphed onto Shaquille 0 Neal's body.
Oh.  Hi.  I work in your office. I was on the junket to the conference. I'm --
Can I help?
Oh, tell the story.
No no...
Oh, well, why didn't you say so? And oh, I don't know if you're interested in this detail, but I was just about to tell you that I love him.  I love him, and I don't care what you think.  I love him for the guy he wants to be, and I love him for the guy he almost is. I love him.
Easy, hon, I was just looking for fun details --
Guys are just different people when they're hanging onto the bottom rung.
Please, if I start talking --
Because I'm worried that you're putting your faith in this guy who, because of the way things are going, may not have an emotional marble in his head.
No--
First you gotta tell me something.
Oh, knock it off! _ 89.
No no.  Don't cry at the beginning of the date.
That's the first time I ever saw him kiss a man, like a dad, wasn't that just... thrilling?  I mean, he must have been needing that.
Forgot your keys --
Thanks.
Good.
I've got a 24 hour a day reminder of Roger, for the rest of my life. I have had three lovers in four years, all boring, all achingly self-sufficient all friends of yours I might add, and all of them running a distant second to a warm bath.  Look at me, Laurel, look at me.  I'm the oldest 26 year old in the world!  How do I look?
As opposed to twenty angry women?
But you just gotta hear me out on one thing.  You're very responsible with Ray and you know it's not right for a little boy to hear some strange man's voice in the house.
That's the girl I love.
Look, here's some of that chicken with salsa too, I warmed it up -- _ 74.
Thank you.
This guy would go home with a gardening tool right now if it showed interest.  Wait.  Use the frosted glasses.
No kidding.  I looked over and saw the shadow of two curious shoes in the doorway of the kitchen.
I heard.
Honey, he's engaged.  And for the first time in my professional life, I'm a part of something I believe in.
Dotty -- this is not "guy.". This is a "syndrome."  It's called Early Midlife, About-To-Marry, Hanging Onto The-Bottom-Rung Dear- God-Don't-Let-Me-Be-Alone, I'll- Call-My-Newly Long-suffering- Assistant-Without Medical-For- Company Syndrome.  And if, knowing all that, you still allow him to come over, more power to you.
He just lost his best client.  He called from the plane.  I invited the guy over.
At eleven at night? _ 70.
He's coming over.
He's in the living room asleep.
Wait. Where is he?
Of course I know --
You know how much those Well Child exams cost --
If you'd read what he wrote, you would have left with him too.
You are a single mother.  You have given up the right to be frivolous.
Of course, medical! _ 42.
What about medical?
And I love my fans, of which he is one. Wanna thank them for all my Sundays, and of course my Monday nights too.  That about says it...
Ten seconds, Rod.
Oh yes.  Jerry Maguire!  My agent! This is a fierce, loving individual, I love this man, he is love, he is about love -- my ambassador of kwan.
It's only a half-hour show, Rod.
I... I love everybody, man.  I love my wife.  My kids.  Little Tyson. My new baby Kaydee.  My brother Tee Pee. I love my friends, my teammates, who am I leaving out?
-- well, Rod, your agent passed me a note before the show. He says that your deal memo has been signed by the Arizona Cardinals. Four years for ten-point-two million dollars.  Playing in the state where you grew up.
No, Roy.  I'm not gonna cry.
We signed an hour ago.  You were in the lobby with the black fella.
Now.  Wait.  You didn't actually sign with Sugar, did you? Tell me you didn't sign.  Because I'm still sort of moved by your "my word is stronger'n oak" thing --
I brought Denver to twenty million. Denver deals with me all the time. You listened to Sugar? You let that snake in the door.
I'm sorry, I --
So you empowered Bob Sugar to deal with Denver behind my back?
Hey, I'm learning as I go.
Said who?  Sugar?
Apparently, Denver wanted to deal with him instead of you.
Do I know everything there is to know here?  You fellas aren't talking with Bob Sugar, are you?
Not right now, Jerry.
Denver got very silent about a day ago.  San Diego's got a fever for Cush.  This stuff tends to happen the night before a draft.  People get crazy.  And San Diego, you should know, is crazy to the tune of seven years for thirty. Signing bonus of eight.  Million.
What happened to Denver?
You know I don't do "contracts." But'cha do have my word, and it's stronger than oak.
I'll give it everything.
Denver is where he should be.
It's either going to be Denver or San Diego trading up to take him.
I want him to go number one in the draft, and I want him to play.
You know, I'm not a hugger and yet... I can't let go.
Told myself -- if he shows up, we'll stick with him.
Oh, thank you.
We decided to stay with you.
Matt, I came here because in all honesty your son is just another piece of cattle to SMI.  But to me --
I missed ya.  What can I say?
Thanks for coming.
Go.  Flee.
Jerry!  You made it --
Only 'cause my wife likes your wife!
We still having dinner in L.A.?
Beautiful.
Fine.
I don't want to be friends anymore.
Airight.  Here's why you don't have your ten million dollars yet. You are a paycheck player.  You play with your head.  Not your heart.  In your personal life?  Heart. But when you get on the field --  _ 113.
I think so.
Well, friends can tell each other anything, right? If we have our "friends" hats on --
Why not --
Look.  I'm happy to entertain you, as always, but I have a question for you.  Are we really "friends?"
For loyalty, you buy a dog.  For love, you get married.
Damn right.
That's an answer.
No, I'm going to answer you.  You want an answer?  I'll give it to you.  Loyalty.  She was loyal.  Everything grew from there.
I'm sorry I asked.
You're jabbing at me. _ 112.
Then why'd you get married?  I'm asking you as a friend.
Not everyone has what you have.
I'm trying to talk to you.  How's your marriage?
No, you're --
I'm asking you a question --
Why are you doing this to me, Rod?
You don't want to go home, do you?
I don't know -- how's "dedication" for an answer?
Why are you even here, man? You could have told me all this over the phone.
What's that supposed to mean?
Don't I know.  Now go home to your wife.
Take care, okay? You're my entire client roster.
I'm gonna have the game of my life on Monday Night Football, and show all these motherfuckers.
Hey, that's my word, okay?
Well, just stay healthy. I will show you the kwan.
No.
We can still take the offer, Rod.
I'm worried too.  I'm worried that the only reason I'm here getting my brains blown loose is that you weren't asshole enough to get my ten million three months ago.
I'm a little worried --
Tidwell moves to a tan in a wheelchair, signs an autograph and moves on.  Jerry alongside. The quarterback sucks, man.  He's gonna get me killed.
Well, this was another way to go.
No.
You never had The Talk, did you?
Shame on you.  SHAME on you.
I didn't "shoplift the pooty."  We were thrown together and -- I mean it's two mutual people who --  Alright, I shoplifted the pooty.
No.  A real man does not shoplift the "pooty" from a single mom.
The kid is amazing.
Well, that ain't fair to her.  A single mother, that's a sacred thing, man. _ 103.
But I sure don't like that she's leaving.
Then you gotta have The Talk.
No, I don't know.
You know when you know.  It makes you shivver, it eats at your insides. You know?
How do I know?
First, single mothers don't "date." They have been to the circus, you know what I'm saying? They have been to the puppet show and they have seen the strings. You love her?
Tell me, because it's been a month, and she's about to take another job in San Diego.
Oh I know plenty.  I was raised by a single mother.
What do you know about dating a single mother?
Oh, we gonna be friends now?
Can I ask you a question totally unrelated to your career?
Rod, get on the camel.
Dude, know your art form.  If you put the camera down here, looking up, I look more powerful.  There's no need for a camel... you got ME.
Good deal, man.
I'll get you some quick work --
It's a risk.
Won't happen.  I'm strong in my mind.
If you get injured, you get nothing.
You're hanging by a very thin thread, dude.  And I dig that about you.
I'm out here for you!  You don't know what it's like to be me out here for you. It is an up-at-dawn pride-swallowing seige that I will never fully tell you about! Okay?! Help me help you help me help you.
No tell me. _ 84.
Forget it.  Forget it.
What's wrong.
Fine.
Do your job, man, don't tell me to dance.
Rod, I'm not a rascist.  I'm telling you to be the best version of you, to get back to the guy who first started playing this game. Way back when you were a kid.  It wasn't just about the money, was it?
"Love me love me love me... put me on t.v."  That's the iconography of rascism, man!
No, I'm saying to be --
You're telling me to dance.
You.
Is that your porty or mine?
Rod, I say this with great respect, but those players you mentioned are marquee players and --
No, I air-dry.
Great word.  Towel?
I got there from "coin," dude. Coin, coin... kwaaaan.
But how did you get "kwan?" _ 82.
Yeah, man, it means love, respect, community... and the dollars too. The package.  The kwan.
That's your word?
--  the kwan.
Maybe you don't.  Because it's not just the money I deserve.  It's not just the "coin."  It's the...
I understand your anxiety.
John Taylor.  J.J. Stokes.  Andre Rison.  I SMOKE all these fools, and yet they're making the big sweet dollars. They're making the money, and I got an agent that ain't even put the number on the table.
Uh, not today, but --
Did you tell him about the "ten million for four years?"
Oh my God.
Anybody else would have left you by now, but I'm sticking with you. I said I would. And if I got to ride your ass like Zorro, you're gonna show me the money.
Another drink please.
Man, I got a shelf life of ten years, tops!  My next contract's gotta bring me the dollars that'11 last me and mine a very long time. I'm out of this sport in five years.  What's my family gonna live on? What you get me.  So I don't want to hear about ya shit, your "nya nya nya."
Why not?
You are not allowed to act this way.
It's a quality that might come in handy for a commercial sometime. _ 69.
No.
The least you could do is nod and act sympathetic --
Well, boo-fucking-hoo.
See this jacket I'm wearing?  You like it?  I don't really need it, because I'm CLOAKED IN FAILURE. I lost the number one draft pick the night before the draft. They will teach my story to other agents on "do not do this" day in agent school. Why? Let's recap. Because a hockey player's kid made me feel like a superficial jerk, I had two slices of bad pizza, went to bed, grew a conscience and wrote a 25-page Manifesto of Doom!
Don't you even see -- I'm finished. I'm fucked. Twenty-four hours ago, I was hot. Now... I'm a cautionary tale!
Huh?
What are you doing with me, Rod?
You feel bad you tested positive? Quit doing blow!  You feel bad about your baby girl? Why did you leave the mother?
Rod --
Very much.
You love me now, don't you?
I might call you later!
Call me tomorrow.
Sure you don't want to go out and find some karoake?  I'm a very good singer, man --
Get some sleep.  See you tomorrow.
Good.  I was just testing ya.  But just you saying that? Makes me love ya.
I'm not about love -- I'm about "showing you the money."
You're loving me now, aren't ya?
Okay, I understand.  I'll boil it down for ya.  Fuck Nike.  All they do is ignore me...
I gotta get back to Cushman.
You believe they're shooting a Nike ad down there?  Did I ever tell you my Nike story?
Let's do it again.
Yeah.  And it might have even worked too.
I came all the way here for that? To walk the lobby?
Why the fuck am I here?  I feel like I'm five years late for the Prom.
At last I find you.
Congratulations.  You're still my agent.
Show.  Me.  The.  Money.
Now doesn't that just make you feel good to say it?  Say it with me.
I got it.
Here it is.  "Show me the money."  Show.  Me.  The.  Money. _ 36.
Yes.
It's a very personal, very important thing.  It's a family motto.  So I want to share it with you.  You ready?
Mmm.  Hmm.
--  now to recap, I want to stay in Arizona, I want my new contract, I like you, you're nice to my wife, I will stay with you, that's what I'm doing for you, but here's what you're gonna do for me. You listening?
Exactly.  And I'm sitting here with an ant problem, look!  And my brother Tee Pee's room is flooded with water.  Say hello to Jerry Maguire --
Now you want Arizona dollars.
Good, 'cause see, I am a valuable commodity.  I go across the middle. I see the ball and a dude coming right at me, wanting to kill me, I tell my brain "get killed, catch the ball." That's New York Steak, baby.  Rare. And yet, nobody's giving me LOVE. Nobody's giving me PROPS.  Nobody. I went to Arizona State, I'm from Arizona, I break Arizona records, I'm a Sun Devil, man!!!
Okay.
Alright, we're just getting started on my list of things you need to know. Take notes if you want to.
Jerry.  You two will be together forever.
Which they do.  And we're standing there. All the football guys are in the lobby, watching, there's even an ESPN crew.  So I turn to her and sort of grandly say, "Well, this is me, Klutz, asking you, Goddess of Rock Climbing, to marry me." And I took out the ring, and I don't much like big scenes, but she said "yes" right there in the lobby and some of the toughest men in football wept like babies.  We're getting married in February.
But wait...
How sad --
Well, it bothered me somewhat. And I got quiet.  And now she's quiet and we're both pouting a little, you know.  And I decide I'm not going to propose.  The mood is not right. Why be impulsive? Now at this point I know she knows that I was going to propose and didn't.  And she knows I know.  So the entire sixty mile ride back to the airport, we don't speak. And we're both good at that.  We fly to Honolulu in silence.  We check into the Pro Bowl hotel --
Oh no -- _ 14.
To the pools.  Now she's Miss Rock Climber, and I'm more the Non-Rock Climber, but we're hiking up through the pools and there's a fine mist in the air, and I have the ring in my pocket, and I'm a little nervous, I'm lagging behind, and she says to me, get this -- "Hurry up, klutz."
To the pools?
Exactly.  And the world does not need another 35 year-old bachelor. I knew I wanted to propose, so I took her there.
That's when you need to cement, and define define define.
A year-and-a-half later, we were both in Hawaii for the Pro Bowl. Now I've always hit a wall at 18 months.  Every serious girlfriend lasts 18 months.  It's like --ka- boom.  The curse of 18 months.
Gorgeous.
--so our first date, she told me about her favorite place in the world, the seven pools of Hana on the island of Maui...
Oh, tell the story.
She's an NFL publicist... amazing sense of style... former athlete... volleyball... world class... really knows how to live every moment of her life, which is why I should take a nap now...
Tell me, and then you can sleep.
I uh... don't think we're quite at your pitch yet.
It's the death rattle of my singlehood, right? Because I finally see the white picket fence looming and I love it/hate it/love it/hate it/ love it... you're right, I'll know when I see him. Why is it so easy to talk with you?!  Tell me about your fiancee.
I think you'll know when you see him at the gate.
And I can't say his name without laughing I want to eat him up. I want to say goodbye to every bad thought I ever had about relationships.  I mean, I crave this guy... and yet... why... why did I have that affair this weekend?  Does that mean I'm not in love with my boyfriend?
Well.  Good luck with that --
Bobbi Fallon.  BPI.  I'm producing the Coke commercials for the playoffs.
Jerry Maguire.  SMI.
You're with the sports people on the plane, right?
Where'd you find the perfect white shirt?
What --
I have to ask.
Alright, I'm freaking too.  But they need you to stay calm.  I'll call back. _ 124.
"Stay calm?"  I'm freakin...
Keep the phone open.  I'll call back. Stay calm. He's got some good doctors out there.
I'm freakin out.  Oh God I'm --
He took a shot.  He's unconscious.
My husband believes in you.  We're gonna make it.  Bye bye Dorothy.
Don't be silly.
I'm sorry what I said back there.
What DO you stand for???
Marcee --
What are you talking about -- "don't get emotional." If you ask me, you haven't gotten emotional ENOUGH about this man. _ 98.
Okay, we don't take this emotionally. We roll with this problem.
And say what?  "Please remove your dick from my ass?!"
I'll go back to them.
Damn right.
Damn right, and you can start by taking Rod's poster and putting it where people can see it!
Marcee, things are changing around here.  You and Rod will have my total personal attention.
Not a chance.
You gonna get that --
I know you say to take the Arizona offer, but my husband needs more recognition.  _ 25.
How can I make your life better?
Jerry, Rod is very very upset. Tyson, no!
Marcee.  How's my favorite player's wife?
I've got the clients.  I've got the juice.
SMI represents all three quarterbacks on your team, where's their loyalty going to be?  You stay with me, I'd fight for YOU alone.  You'd be my only client on that team...
You'll always be my hero, Jerry. Always always always.  We're bringing other elements in, we're focusing on endorsements -- it's not about handholding anymore. We're no longer babysitters --
-- and I'll get 'em.
Jerry --
I'm over it.  Now I want all my clients and yours too.
You wanted smaller.
You'll lose.
Give me a little credit for doing this face-to-face!  What I went through knowing I was going to do this to my mentor!  Can you get past yourself for a second?
Dick.
... dick?
You did this to yourself.  You said "fewer clients."  You put it all on paper.  Scully was very upset.  Heart attacks make some people sweeter, but not him.  You did this to yourself --
You...
I know.  It sucks.  I suck.
Aw shit...the crowded restaurant... so there's no scene...
Came here to fire you, Jerry.
Pardon me?
I came here to let you go. _ 27.
I'm fine.  What's up?
You okay?
Gimme a second here... Tidwell... Arizona contract... new glass cabinet...
Pleasure.
Marcee -- this is one of our agents. This is Bob Sugar, who needs to learn to knock.
Cronin's okay for lunch?
The best commercial director in the business.  I hail you.
Dooler, you know Bob Sugar.
It's in a cage.  Do not be scared of...
I'm scared.  What is it?
-- I give you my favorite animal in the zoo.  Are you ready for the weirdness, the strange perfection and truth of...
Right up ahead, buddy --
Show me the animal, Jerry!
A lot.  We got a big fax today... we need this commission, buddy.
What's going on, Jerry?
Funny...   I better go to bed.
Funny.
I don't see any.
We'll go to the zoo sometime. Okay? I think I might have some time on my hands.
I won't tell.
Yeah I know.  I did.
You said "fuck".
Aw, the fucking thing... I mean, the zoo is closed.
Let's go right now.  Let's go to the zoo.
Okay.  I've been hogging it. You're right.  _ 76.
Let's go the zoo.
Wait.  I want to tell you more about my dad.
And then my dad died and my mom took me to the zoo and I love the zoo. Do you hate the zoo or do you love the zoo?
Hi Ray.
Hi.
I'm not your brother!
They do, my brother.
No.
Hey, man, you know they have big balloons built into cars?
Thanks.  May I offer you both a ride?
One-two-three, swing.
I'm not putting him down, I just have a commitment to the truth.
Shut up!!!
He should have kept his head tucked down.
What'd I say?
Can you be quiet?
He's gonna have nothing left for next season.  They're letting him kill himself.
That's why they cheer, you know. The white man sending the black man into battle...
Now go kiss your daddy, quick.
A bird cage.
What is it?
Oh, my God.
One way to find out.
Do you think it goes all the way across?
This is how you play God.
This is how you make dinosaurs?
Quiet!
Eric!
He's smart, Dr. Grant. And he knows so much about dinosaurs.
After what you've seen today, you really think your son could be alive?
A few of us survived. A lot more died. And we were better prepared and better armed.  How many days have they been missing?
Still, you have survived the dinosaurs before. You saved those kids.
And tell your wife to stop making so much noise! We're food to these damn animals.
ERRR-IIIC!
I would completely support that.
Either that, or the government will firebomb it back to the Stone Age.
I do. It's worth another shot. And who knows? Things might turn out differently.
You mean it?
We should try fishing again.
But he didn't. And neither did you. And I'm glad about that.
He could have died.
How would you have helped Eric?  He needs you, Paul. He needs us.
I should have tried. It should have been me on that beach back there, not Billy.
You couldn't have made that jump.
My own kid was right in front of me and I didn't do a damn thing.
I'm trying! That thing took him down this way!
Paul! Where is he? Can you see him?
We're not going anywhere, I promise.
Eric, its okay. You'll be right behind me.
Never had a doubt. Never did. Us Kirby men, we stick around, huh?
Sweetheart, you're okay.  You're okay.  You're okay.
I loaned it to Nash. He must have had it on him when he...
What?...WHAT!?
Think.
I don't remember
When did you have it last?
I don't know. I don't have it with me.
He would have been, safe. Completely, entirely, suffocatingly safe.  I would have him to see more of the world than Enid, Oklahoma. I wanted to see more of the world than Enid, Oklahoma. And so yes, it's my fault that this happened. I'm sorry that you have to be here.
That one time was just the bumper.
This wouldn't happen if he was with you. I mean, you drive five miles below the speed limit. I totaled three cars in fives years.
Well damn it. I don't speak ill of the dead. What I'm trying to say is, it’s was just a crazy accident. The exact same thing could have happened if he was with me. You can't go beating yourself up about it.
Well what?
I want to find them too, but we can't do a bit of good right now. For every scary thing we saw in the daylight, I'll bet there ten times more of 'em at night.  Am I right?
We can't just stop looking. Eric and Dr. Grant are out there somewhere.
We have to help him.
It's not safe.
He's this way.
Udesky.
Eric!
Eric! Are you here?
It’s not about him. It's Eric. He's alone out here somewhere. Our baby is all alone.
I know you liked Ben. I had no right to...
No, it's...
I'm sorry Amanda. I am. And I'm sorry for the things I said about him.
I filmed this the morning they left.
That's him. That’s Eric!
Eric...
Young adult.
Just drop it Paul!
What did you say!
Nothing.
What did you say?
Nothing.
What?
Oh, don't worry about that.
Fine...and when the Tricyclatops comes after you, don't come crying to me.
Because "Dr. Grant" isn't looking for Eric. Dr. Grant is looking for the coast.
Well what's the use of hiring an expert if your not going to listen to him?
Dr. Grant says this, Dr. Grant says that...
No, Dr. Grant says...
Well we should split up or something. We can cover twice the area.
Stop that. Dr. Grant says this is dangerous territory.
So do you.
You look good.
People change.
You hate to swim.
Twenty, twenty-fire pounds. I've been swimming at the Y.
How much weight have you lost?
Nothing you haven't seen before.
Sorry.
We called everyone, did everything we could. Because of all the controversy over this island, no one will step in. Costa Rica says it's a no-fly zone, it's their own damn fault. Guys at the U.S Embassy -- our U.S. Embassy -- said we should "accept the inevitable." You believe that?
A friend. We were vacationing. Eric wanted to see the island and the dinosaurs, so Ben found a guy who would take them parasailing. They never came back.
Her new boyfriend.
Don't worry, honey. We'll circle around and come back.
We can't just...
What's a bad idea?
He says it's a bad idea!
What?
Amanda, Honey! Dr. Grant says it's a bad idea!
From what I understand, it's pretty much whatever we want.
Well, I'm no aviation specialist. But I do know it's hell of a lot lower than anyone else.
We've arranged for a private airplane to take us flying over Isla Sorna. And we want you to be our guide.
...once-in-a-lifetime.
We even have two seats reserved aboard the first commercial moon flight.
Amanda and I, well, we just love the outdoors. Heck we've been on pretty much any adventure tour they can come up with: Galapagos, K2, the Nile...
It is truly, what’s the word? Inspiring.
First off let me say as a dinosaur enthusiasts, Amanda and I have admired your work for years.
Where is it?
You had the phone the whole time?
What about Eric?
Going to the coast was Alan's idea. If he's alive, that’s where he's headed.
What about Eric and Dr. Grant?
We need to stick to the plan. Head for the coast.
He's not a kill, he's still alive.
He's right. A predator wouldn't leave a kill wounded.
Here!
I thought we weren't suppose to yell.
Who's that?
He's with a man named Ben Hildebrand.
How low?
You see, that's just the thing. Paul and I have special permission to fly low.
Okay. He loves us very very much. And I know that right now more than anything, your Dad would want to know that we're safe. Okay?
He loves you too.
Let me tell you a few things about you Dad, okay? He's very very very clever, very very brave, and he loves you ever very much.
then we should...
I know. I know. I want to look for him too.
We have to keep looking for Dad. We have to.
Just hold on.
Where's Dad?
DAD!
PAUL!
It won't hold!
Eric!
Sure.
He's probably has a better chance by the coast as it is. Figures that all the big dinosaurs would live in the center of the island.  Right?
Dr. Grant was.
I thought you were an expert.
I don’t know.
They set a trap  They actually set a trap.
They couldn’t climb up, so they were trying to get us to come down.
About a thousand feet above it, actually.  Most mountain-climbers remember how tall that mountains were.
Thirty-thousand, I think. Closer to the top.
So Mr. Kirby, tell me, when you climbed K2, did you base camp at 25- or 30,000 feet?
I didn't know, there were two islands.
That was Isla Nublar. This is Isla Sorna. The second island.
I KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES!
NO!
I CAN GET HIM!
Some of the worst things imaginable have been done with the best intentions. You rushed in with no thought to the consequences, to yourself or anyone else.  You're no better than the people who built this place.
You have to believe me. I did it with the best intentions.
Billy, I can't talk to you now.
Alan, I want to tell you that I'm so sorry about the...
We need to keep moving.
KEEP GOING!
ALAN!
Ah yes, the first rule of academics. Publish or perish.
We could co-write a paper.
We should take it with us to signal any planes.
It looks intact.
That's because it wasn't on their list. Who knows what else they were up to?
I don't remember that on InGen's list.
Not with that sail.  Spinosaurus Aegypticus.
Baryonyx?
They never got that big.
Obviously a superpredator.  Suchimimus. that snout.
How would you classify it?
I don't think so.
Is it a rex?
Mr. and Mrs. Kirby! If you look out the right you can see...
I'm so use to seeing bones. It's weird to see skin.
The bones will be there when we get back. That's the nice thing about them. They never run away.  And besides, you got me into this. I don't intend to be alone with these people.
Listen Alan, I really appreciate you bringing me along.
Reverse-Darwinism. Survival of the most idiotic.
It was this strap alone that saved my life. Got caught on a rock as I was falling.
That does sound lucky.
No way. This is lucky. Couple years ago some buddies and I went hang gliding off these cliffs in New Zealand. Updraft sent me right into the side. BOOM!
Even with what I pay you, you could get a better bag.
What?
They're here.
Absolutely not.
Not if it can't dig.
It's a rapid prototyper. I feed in the scan data from the raptor skull, than the computer breaks it into thousands of slices which this thing prints, one layer on top of the other. It's the future of paleontology.
You rented an automated litter box.
Three weeks. I had to rent some equipment.
We'll be broke in four weeks.
How was your trip? Profitable?
Alan don't be afraid to evolve.
A well-accepted theory.
When I met you, I thought that one day millions of years ago, all the dinosaurs became extinct. Wiped out. But you told me otherwise. When conditions changed, dinosaurs changed. They became other things. They evolved.
Goodbye, Alan.
Okay. Goodbye, Ellie.
Let me know if I can help, Alan. You’re bad about asking for help, but please ask me. Anything, anytime.
I'd better get going.
The last of my breed.
Times change Alan. But you're the still the best. I mean that.
It was never easy, but before Jurassic Park, you could find money. Somewhere. Now fossils are out. Everyone wants to see a real live dinosaur.
Good luck with the fund raising.
To a degree we never imagined.
You think they could talk to each other?
We've done cranial scans, and raptors actually had a quite sophisticated resonating chamber. I have a theory that their ability to vocalize is the key to their social intelligence. The way they can work together as a team.
I try not to.
You remember the sounds they made?
My favorite.
Raptors, mostly.
Anything good?
Really?  What do you do there?
So, Mark's working at the State Department now.
Sorry, Alan it's been six years.
He used to know me.
He's three. Why don't you wait till he's a little older?
Hmm?
The population will Stabilize eventually. They'll adapt to fit different roles.
What do you think is going to happen with the dinosaurs?
No we're not.
We're safe!
Do me a favor. Go back to your parents for a minute, would you?  They look worried.
No. I couldn't see.
Eric, do you know what happened to the boat? that brought you here? Why did it crash?
You're right.
You should.
It's strikes me now I never told her that.
She's the one person I could always count on. And she's saved me more times than she realizes. I owe her everything.
The lady you called, how do you know she can help us?
Something must've scared them.
Bonitas.
Exactly. The difference between imagining how things might be and seeing how they really are. To be able to touch them. That's what Billy wanted to do.
But then you never get to go in space.
See, I was the opposite. I never understood why anyone would want to go into space. It's so dangerous. You do one thing wrong and you're dead. The astronomer -- or the paleontologist -- get to study these amazing things from a place of complete safety. And truthfully, everything you really need to learn, you can learn it from the ground.
I want to be an astronaut.
I have a theory that there's two kinds of boys. Those who want to be astronomers and those who want to be astronauts.
No. Although I've studied them in the wild.
Do you have any kids?
Then we go home?
We climb down to the barge and follow the river out to the ocean. With any luck, the Costa Rican coast guard will pick us up.
Closer you get to the water, the bigger things get.
Why?
Are you sure?
We need to head for the coast.
I stayed pretty close to the compound, Figured if anyone came to look for me, that's where they'd start.
How much of this island have you explored?
Mine's new.
A raptor claw. I use to have one. A fossil.
Know what this is?
I dunno. I mean, it was kind of preachy. Chaos-this, chaos-that. And like, to me, the guy seemed kind of high on himself.
What did you think?
Yeah.
Did you read Malcolm's book?
The important thing is we both made it. That's something we have in common.
Is that all it's been? I thought it was longer.
It's a wonder you aren't. I'm amazed, Eric. I barely lasted 30 hours. You lasted eight weeks.
Found this, but the battery's dead.
Any weapons, radios?
When InGen cleared out, they left a lot of stuff behind.
Back then, they hadn't tried to eat me.
The first one. Before you where on the island. You liked dinosaurs back then.
Which one do you prefer?
You're Alan Grant, aren't you?  I read both of your books.
You'd be surprised what people can do when they have too.
They'll never make it. I mean, they can't manage when the cable goes out.
On the island.
In Costa Rica?
Eric, your parents are both here.
Stan.
Well, we don't exactly have a Costa Rican phone book here, so it will have to be somebody we know in the states. Someone we can absolutely count on to send help.
Whatever you do, don't call the U.S. Embassy. They won't do a God Damn thing.
It's no use, Dr. Grant. No use.
Billy!
Back out! Move!
Amanda!
But you never came across just one.
Well that's good.
There is. I own a place called Kirby Paint and Title Plus. We're out in the Westgate Shopping Center in Enid, Oklahoma. The "plus" is for bathroom fixtures, fireplaces accessories, patio furniture. Stuff like that.
There is no Kirby Enterprises, is there?
You can stick with us, or you can go and look for him. Either way you're probably not getting out of here alive.
Dr. Grant, we're not leaving without our son.
No, I'm sorry, but no. We'll savage what we can from the plane. Then we head for the coast. There may be a boat left, something to get us off this island.
Sure you have. You wrote that book...
I have never been on this island!
We needed somebody who knew the lay of the land. Somebody who'd been to this island before.
Mr. Kirby, trust me, on this island, there is no such thing as safe. We have to get back in this plane...
Establishing a perimeter. Making it safe. These guys are really good. One of them was a Green...
What the hell is going on? What are they doing?
This plane can not land!
Dr. Grant if you'd just sit tight, we'll explain this all in a jiffy.
Let's just say that through my business -- imports/exports, emerging markets -- I've made some friends in high places. In this case, the Costa Rican government.
That's hard to believe.
I'm flattered, but I've taken this little adventure tour. And with the air restrictions they've imposed after the incident in San Diego, you can’t fly low enough to see anything of interest.
No, no, see Dr. Grant, you're the best. You've seen these animals in the flesh. No one else has come close to you.
That's a very nice offer, Mr. Kirby, but I'm afraid I'm much to busy. If you like I can refer you to a number of highly qualified...
Now, for our wedding anniversary this year we wanted to do something really special, something...
Hmmm.
I guarantee it'll be worth your while.
You know, I've been traveling and I'm very tired. Maybe some other time.
Well sir, I am a great admirer of yours, and I have an extremely interesting proposition to discuss. Would you let my wife and I take you to have dinner tonight? Our treat.
What can I do for you, Mr. Kirby?
No.  I feel something.
You hear something?
If the nest is upwind, so are we. When he comes back, he'll know we're here before we have a chance.  The truck --
Make a blind here?  Wait for the buck to return?
It certainly does.
It matches the pictures.
Ajay.  Go on up to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me.
You broke that idiot's jaw for no reason other than your boredom.  Tell the truth, Roland.  Aren't you even interested in knowing this expedition's quarry?
Sorry.  We were saying?
A true hunter doesn't mind if the animal wins.  If it escapes.  But there weren't enough escapes from you and me, Ajay.  I've decided to spend a bit less time in the company of death.  Maybe I just feel too close to it my--
How do you mean?
Just a little bit too much, I think.
But alone?  We always had great success together, you and I.
Well, I'm a very well-funded old son of a bitch.  You go.
I got a call from a gentleman who's going to Costa Rica, or thereabouts. If he's to be believed, it's a most, uh, unique expedition.  And very well-funded.
Last time I plugged it in, I suppose. Why?
You.  Tell me, Roland, when was the last time you answered your phone?
That cheap aftershave I send you every Christmas, you actually wear it.  I'm touched.  Sit down, sit down, what brings you to Mombassa?
How did you know?
Because I didn't know!  I don't have the faintest idea what they're doing here.
Why didn't you tell us about these guys, Ian?!
Like if you shoot yourself in the foot?  Wouldn't matter.  You'd be dead  before you realized you'd accidentally pulled the trigger.
Is there an antidote?
Is there anything we've forgotten? Anything at all?
It doesn't matter what I think.
You think I'm all talk, Eddie?
Former academic.  Now I actually make things.  I don't just talk.
You are an academic.
Light and strong, light and strong, sure, why not, it's only impossible. God save me from academics.
"Minimal" is too much.   It has to be light, it has to be strong --
Minimal.
Any damage?
Ian, you are my last chance to give something of real value to the world. I can't walk so far and leave no footprints; die and leave nothing with my name on it.  I will not  be known only for my failures.  And you will not allow yourself to go down in history as a lunatic.  You're too smart.  You'e too proud.  Dr. Malcolm.  Please.  This is a chance at redemption.  For both of us. There's no time to equivocate, we must seize it now, before --
I'm not going, John.
You'll need an animal behaviorist, someone with unimpeachable credentials.  I believe you already know Sarah Harding.  She's got theories about parenting and nurturing among hunter/scavengers I bet she'd be dying to prove on a scale like this.  If you convince her to go, it'll be a major coup.  When she publishes, the scientific community must take it seriously.
John . . .
I've been putting this together for over a year.  I have personal suggestions for your entire team, phone numbers, contact people.  They won't believe you about what they're going to see, so don't bother trying to convince them.  Just use my checkbook to get them there. I'll fund your expedition through my personal accounts, as such money and equipment as you need, but only if you leave immediately.  If we hesitate, all will be lost.
So what?
It would be the most extraordinary living fossil record the world has ever seen.
Are you out of your mind?  I still have nightmares, my reputation's a joke, my leg is shot -- you think I need more of that?
After the accident at the park, a hurricane wiped out our facility on Site B.  We had to evacuate and leave the animals to fend for themselves. And they did.  For four years I've fought to keep them safe from human meddling, now I want you to go there and document them.
No, no, no, no, no, no . . .
Isla Nublar was just a showroom, Ian, something for the tourists, Site B was the factory floor.  We built it first, on Isla Sorna, eight-some miles from Nublar.
I don't believe you.
The hatchery, in particular?  You know my initial yields had to be low, far less than one percent, that's a thousand embryos for every single live birth.  Genetic engineering on that scale implies a giant operation, not the spotless little laboratory I showed you.
What are you talking about?
Well?  Didn't it all seem a trifle compact to you?
What?
You were right -- and I was wrong. There!  Did you ever think you'd hear me say that?  Spectacularly wrong. Instead of observing those animals, I tried to control them.  I squandered an opportunity and we still know next to nothing about their lives.  Not their lives as man would have them, behind electric fences, but in the wild.  Behavior in their natural habitat, the impossible dream of any paleontologist.  I could have had it, but I let it slip away.  Thank God for Site B.
They do have motives.  Why did you want to see me?  Your message said it was urgent.
It's the lawyers.  The lawyers are finally killing me.
I didn't know you -- weren't well.
When you have a lot of time to think, it's funny who you remember.  It's the people who challenged you.  It is the quality of our opponents that gives our accomplishments meaning.  I never told you how sorry I was about what happened after we returned.
Resentful.
Everyone, keep your voices down!
Are you looking for a problem?
You gotta be kidding.  You dragged me out of Greenpeace to be a corporate stooge?  You couldn't get anybody else?
But he's the head of InGen!
Is that who we're really working for?!  Gene splicers?!
InGen is a genetics corporation, isn't it?
-humidity, I know.  Highest lead density on the market.
Do you have chromium tapes?  The others fog in high-
-- my --
Oh --
We've got to see one to find out. Is there any --
That doesn't say a thing about T-rex, they could have been rogues.  Robert Burke certainly thinks they were.
Why wouldn't they?  Look at hyenas, jackals, nearly all species of predator birds --
I'm not surprised stegosaur lived in a family group, but there's never been anything in the fossil record to prove the carnivores did.
And let's forget about the high hide. We can't do this kind of work up in a tower, we need to be out in the field, as close to the animals as possible.
Dr. Malcolm -- the world -- owes you an apology.
Ian, you're not insane!  I'm so glad!
Not without a shot of the nest.
The empty shells are crushed and trampled.  The young stay in the birth environment, that's conclusive!
I want to see the nesting ground!
That was a pair bond!  A family group, even, long after that infant was nestbound!
Come on!
Dad!
I'm fine... I'm fine...
I'm fine, I'm fine, I was scared, I thought you, are you okay?!
Are you all right?!  Anything broken?
Exactly what John Hammond wanted us to do.
What are you guys gonna do?
On the side of that one truck.
Where does it say that?
"InGen."  What's InGen?
Because you said so.  Maybe nobody else believed you, but I always did.
How could you possibly?
You like to have kids, you just don't want to be with them, do you?
This is nothing like Austin.  Forget about it.
I don't care about the trials, I want to be with you.  I could be your research assistant, like I was in Austin.
Out of the question.  You'd miss the gymnastics trials.  You've been training for that for a year.
I could come with you.
That Richard.
No.  Richard talked to his parents.
Well, is he?
That was about a year ago.
You know, at the bus stop.  With the hair?
Which one?
Is that kid still bothering you?
No, Dad.  I have thoughts of my own once in a while.
Very hurtful.  Your mother tell you to say that?
I'm your daughter all the time, you know.  Not just when it's convenient.
I'll make it up to you this summer. I promise.
My vacation is over in a week.
I can't tell you.  But I'll be back within a week.
Stop saying fantastic.  Where are you going?
Well, I do, and she's fantastic. She'll take you to the museum, maybe to a movie if you play your cards right.  You're going to have a fantastic time.
I don't even know this woman.
Okay, Karen is expecting you in half an hour.  You only have to stay with her one night, she'll put you on a bus in the morning and your mother will be at the station when you get there.
Kelly!  What are you doing here?
Hi, Dad.
Let it go, Peter.  The animal won.
If I don't move, I can't shoot it.
It's just fed.  It won't attack unless it's threatened.  Don't move.
It's... behind... us.
Why?
We took to the rock.
Possible.
Do you think the rex might have the infant with it?
Good.
The radio rig is inside.  It runs directly from the geothermal generator, so power shouldn't be a problem.
Operations building.  Far end of the street.
Where's the power and radio setup?
Piss.
What is that?
The velociraptors.
What is?
Isn't it obvious?
What in Christ's name is going on?!
We've got to transport it seven thousand miles.  Would you prefer it bit off the leg of a crew member?
You've broken its leg!
Had to.  To keep him still for the trip.
I hadn't planned on bringing carnivores back because of the liability risk, but I only thought of adults, it never occurred to me --  You are a billion dollar idea, my little f-
What?
You're kidding yourself.  An adult T-rex cares about one thing -- filling its own belly.  It acts the way people wish they could, that's why everyone's fascinated by it.  If people had the chance to see one dinosaur and one only, ninety-nine percent would --
Rex won't be any different.  It'll come.
Killing lessons?  Heartwarming.
I once saw a bull elephant die charging a jeep.  All the jeep had done was startle the bull's calves. I saw a lioness carry wounded prey four and a half miles, all the way back to its den, just to teach its cubs how to finish off a kill.
You rally think this'll draw the parent?
Why not just use a scope and a poison dart and snipe him from a hill?
Forty yards.  Less, maybe.  I assume it'll take a slug in the brain case to bring him down.
How close do you have to be?
My father's .600 Nitro Express.  Made in 1904.  Karimojo Bell gave it to him after he took down his last elephant.  8700 foot pound striking force.
What kind of gun is that?
To collect my fee.
Where do you think you're going?!
Good lad.
Okay.
Peter, if you want me to run your little camping trip, there are two conditions.  First -- I'm in charge, and when I'm not around, Dieter is.  Your job is to sign the checks, tell us we're doing a good job, and open your case of scotch when we have a good day.  Second condition -- my fee.  You can keep it.  All I want in exchange for my services is the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaurs.  A male.  Buck only.  Why and how are my business. If you don't  like either of those conditions, you're on your own.  Go ahead and set up your camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a rex nest, for all I care.  But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas.  Okay?
You heard his, Dieter.  Find a new spot.  And remember, we're after herbivores only -- no unnecessary risks.
Carnivores hunt near stream beds.  Do you want to set up base camp or an all-you-can-eat people bar?
What?  Why?
Cancel that, Dieter.
Piss.
What's he got in there?
InGen is my livelihood, Dr. Malcolm, and I will jealously defend its interests.  People will know what I want them to know when I want them to know it.
It was a payoff and an insult.  InGen never--
We made a generous compensatory offer for your injuries.
There are no versions of the truth! This isn't a corporate maneuver, it's my life.
You version of it.
I didn't tell anything, I told the truth.
If your university felt you were causing it embarrassment by selling wild stories to Hard Copy, I hardly see how I am to--
You cost me my livelihood.  That on which I relied to support my children.
You signed a non-disclosure agreement before you went to the island that expressly forbade you from discussing anything you saw.  You violated that agreement.
Do me a favor.  Don't pretend for a second that you and I don't know the truth.  You can convince Time magazine and the Skeptical Inquirer of whatever you want, but I was there.
So, you two were just, uh, telling old campfire stories, were you?
I lost everything I came after on this trip, but one T-rex in one theme park could single-handedly bail InGen out of Chapter 11.
You're going too?
You know how to work a radio, don't you?
Don't ask me.  The guy's completely out to lunch.
What?
Oh, God.
Their what?
Don't start a legal argument with me, this island isn't your property, and neither are these animals!
Trespassing, sabotage -- you could go to jail just for being here, did you know that?
Look!  Sarah!
Something's wrong.
DAMN IT, BE SURE!!
I think she's with Sarah!
I have to find Kelly!
Head for the roof!
For sixty seconds, maybe!  Look at this!  You could-
It'll hold!
This is single-wall construction! It's just a shack!
We're sure as hell not going back out there"
We can't stay in here!
She's with Sarah!
Where's Kelly?
Come on!
I don't know.
What are they?
No.
Lava?
No way.
No.
What do you think they want?!
What do they want?!
No!  Get in the car before they hear us!
So do it a favor and put it out of its misery!
It has a broken leg!
?!
Dr. Juttson, please take Kelly back to camp right away.  Leave the other car for us and we'll meet you there in an hour or so.
There' no reason for name calling.
I don't know these guys, but I know 'em.  I've seen 'em on Japanese whalers, French barges trying to dump barrels of nuclear waste in the North Atlantic.  They're all the same. They spray us with water cannon when we try to stop 'em, sink our boats, and then call us crazy.
Our chance to do what?
Then this is our chance.
You can't stay, Kelly, that's it. It's too dangerous.
Do you see any family resemblance here?
Oh, my God.
No way.
She's nuts.
She's gutty.
Now's the perfect time.  The animal just fed, so it won't stalk us for food.  Predators don't hurt when they're not hungry.
You gentlemen feel you have to do this now?
Don't let it out of your hands again.  Can the kid walk?
Four, counting the one in the chamber.
How many rounds did you find for that weapon?
It's called self-testing.  But in your case, it sounds more like self-destruction.  A uniquely human characteristic.  In fact, human beings destroy things so well that I sometimes think that's our function. Maybe every few sons, some animal comes along that kills off the rest of the world, clears the decks, and lets evolution proceed to his next phase.  Maybe death and destruction are our job, maybe we're supposed to destroy ourselves and every other living thing that-
You remember that guy, about twenty years ago, I forget his name, but he climbed Everest without any oxygen, came down almost dead.  And they asked him, "why did you go up there to die?"  And he said "I didn't.  I went up there to live."
But why?
Somewhere on this island, there exits the greatest predator that ever lived.  And the second greatest predator must take him down.
I don't care about my life.  But if I'd ever thought for a second that she would be in danger --
So the truth is more important to you than your life?
Yes.  And people will live in the absence of truth.
It'll still exit if they go on not knowing, won't it?
Because it exists.
Why should they?
So that others would know about this place?
Why did you come here?
Just -- flawed.  Very deeply flawed.
Feeling a bit blue, are we?
A statistical phenomenon.  Says everything in the world goes in streaks.  It's real, you see it everywhere -- in weather, in river flooding, in baseball, in blackjack, in stock markets.  Once things go bad, they tend to stay bad.  Bad things cluster.  They go to hell together.
What's that?
You ever heard of Gambler's Ruin?
We'd never make it past the raptors. Trust me, I have some experience in this matter.
Look, we have two choices.  We can hike back down to the lagoon, where we can sit for two days, in the open, next to a heavily used water source while we're waiting for your boat to arrive, or we can head for the village, where we might find some shelter and we can call for help.
No.  I'm quite certain you can't.
Birdshit?
These formations.  They're dried --
What?
Ian.  It's guano.
Ian, they will misplace our evidence, shoot holes in our testimony, and say some special effects genius created the animals.  The only way people will ever believe that dinosaurs exist is if you dump a T-rex in the middle of times Square.
Maybe.  Maybe not.
You know, even if we do get those tapes back, people are going to say it's just another hoax.  Ian Malcolm's alien autopsy.
They're pushing us over the cliff.
What?!
Oh, God.
Then the only thing left to do is make sure we do get back.  I'll call the mainland on the satellite phone and have them send the boat right now.  This expedition is over.
They will come after me.  But I can collect some stool samples, for DNA with that, Nick's tapes, and the rest of you to back me up, it should stand when we get back.
All right.  I'm satisfied with the evidence we have right now. I feel vindicated.  John Hammond will too.  Do you have enough to publish?
I swear to God, it works with lions sometimes!  There we are -- your baby is free --
Are you insane?!
Born free, as free as the wind blows. As free as the grass grows --
Current evidence seems to be to the contrary, wouldn't you say?!  GIVE IT TO THEM!
That's impossible, they can't have the sensory equipment to track it all the way here!
Think fast, Sarah.
It has to be temporary, something that'll break apart and fall off as the animal grows...
Can you set up?
John Hammond.
Funded by whom?
No!  We're an independently funded expedition.
I'm her father.
Lighten up, Ian, you sound like a high school vice-principal.
You're going home.  I'm sending a radio call for the boats.  We'll all go down to the lagoon and wait for them.
What do you want to do, Ian, lock her up for curiosity?  Where do you think she gets it?
You know you were putting yourself in a potentially dangerous situation, but you didn't bother to find out how dangerous before you leapt in. You don't have the faintest idea what's going on on this island!
That's a scientific impossibility, you know.  Heisenberg uncertainty principle.  Whatever you study, you also change.
No more smoking.  We leave no scent of any kind.  No hair tonics, no cologne, seal all our food in plastic bags.  We will observe and document, but we will not interact.
Where's Ian?
Where's Kelly?
JUMP!
WHAT ARE YOU-
No.
There's, uh -- there's an unwritten rule when a news crew is in a war zone.  You stop the van every two miles and decide whether or not to go on.  Whether or not you feel lucky. One "no" from anybody in the group and you turn around right there, no question asked, nobody embarrassed.  Well?  Do we go on? Immediately:
I'm trying!
Hold it down, Nick!
We'll kill it with too much, we'll put it into respiratory arrest!  I'm almost done.  Damn it, I need another adhesive, something pliable I can --
Give it more morphine!
That little black line means death for this infant.  The fibula won't heal straight, so the ankle joint can't pivot when he stands on his hind feet.  The baby won't be able to run, and probably can't even walk. It'll be crippled, and a predator will pick it off before it gets more than a few weeks old.
That little black line?
Ian, nothing we observe will be valid if we're trailing along in the wake of an army.
Ruining everything, that's what they're doing.  You could choke on the diesel smoke already!
Ian, if we recall the boat now, we've made two invasive landings in one day.  That'll have to go in any paper I write, and it will leave room for people to say our findings were contaminated.  You know the academic world as well as I do, once they smell blood in the water, you're dead.  Our presence has got to be one hundred percent antiseptic.  That means if we bend a blade of grass, we bend it right back the way it-
The kid scores with cheap sentiment.
Oh, no!
-- way we could safely --
I believe in him.
He doesn't need a friend, he needs a shrink.
Ian's a very good friend of mine.
Oh, please.  How am I supposed to keep a straight face when --  -- Johnny Cash here tells me I'm going to Skull Island?
You think this is all a joke?
Hey, I wouldn't want to spook the woolly mammoths.
Very noble of you.  You don't think you're bringing that thing onto the island, do you?
Women.  'Bout eighty percent female in Greenpeace.
That must be interesting.  What drew you there?
I was a cameraman for Nightline for six years, been freelance since '91. Do a lot of work for Greenpeace.
So what's your story, Nick?
Runs against my nature to hole up in a cave and wait.
You've got to be kidding.
Can the kid walk?
Ask her.
You go if you like, but we're not waiting for you.  MOVE IT OUT!!
We have to send someone to look for him!
Move where?  Our boat's not coming for two days, your airlift is waiting for an order you have no way to send --
If we can't stay in the rex's territory, we have to move tonight.
None of that matters.  Our communications equipment's been destroyed.  If your radio and satellite phone were in those trailers that went off the cliff, and I'm guessing by the look on his face --
Hey, we came here to observe, you came here to strip-mine the place! It's a looter mentality, all you care about is what you can take.
Theoretically, yeah , but we've never shut down the whole system.  It may not come back at all.
- - shutting down the system is the only way to guarantee wiping out everything he did. If I understand correctly, all the system will come back on their original start-up modes correct?
I will not do it.  You'll have to get somebody else, because I will not.
We're talking, my dear, about a calculated risk, which is the only option left to us.  We will never find the command NEDRY used.  He covered his tracks far too well, and I think it's obvious he's not coming back.  So shutting down the system - -
Where did the vehicles stop?
Phones are out too.
The monitors are failing.
Find Nedry!  Check the vending machines!
Fences are failing, all over the park!  A few minor systems, he said!
What now?
Woah, woah, woah, what the hell, what the hell?
Well, Nedry said a few systems would go off-line, didn't he?
The door security systems are shutting down.
What?
It could have been worse, John.  It could have been a lot worse.
So how much for our first tour.  Two no-shows and one sick triceratops.
Visitor vehicles are on their way back to the garage.
Rotten luck, this storm.  Get my grandchildren on the radio will you?  I don't want them to worry about a wee bit of rain.
I found a way to re-route through the program.  I'm turning the cars around in the rest area loop.
Damn!
Ladies and gentlemen, last shuttle to the dock leaves in approximately five minutes.  Drop what you are doing and leave now.
It's not worth taking the chance, John.
You're sure we have to?
That storm center hasn't dissipated or changed course. We're going to have to cut the tour short, I'm afraid. Pick it up again tomorrow where we left off.
Stop the program!  Stop the program!
Uh - - Mr. Hammond - -
'Bout thirty seconds.
How long will this take?
No trick to it.  Just stop running the program.  Leaving them unattended.
How would we cut off the lysine?
The lysine contingency - it's intended to prevent the spread of the animals is case they ever got off the island, but we could use it now.  Dr. Wu inserted a gene that makes a single faulty enzyme in protein metabolism. Animals can't manufacture the amino acid lysine.  Unless they're continually supplied with lysine by us, they'll go into a coma and die.
Yeah, again, in  theory, but - -
But would we get the phones back?
Wait a minute.  What exactly does this mean?
No, no, no, that's crazy, you're out of your mind, he's absolutely out of his mind - -
Two million - - great.  That would help.  Oh good, that'll take no time.
Uh - - about two million.
How many lines of code are there?
What one?
I ran a key check on every stroke Nedry entered today. It's all pretty standard stuff, until this one - -
Are we getting anywhere with these procedures of yours? I mean, what's hanging us up?
I got an eighteen minute window.  Eighteen minutes, and your company catches up on ten years of research.
I was wondering, how are you planning to beat the security?
That's up to your guy on the boat.  Seven o'clock tomorrow night, at the east dock. Make sure he got it right.
Mr Nedry, Mr Nedry.  The embryos have to be back here in San Jose by then.
What?  No menthol?
How am I supposed to transport them?
Remember - - viable embryos.  They're no use to us if they don't survive.
Oh, I'll get 'em all.
Dodgson, Dodgson.  We got Dodgson here!  See, nobody cares.  Nice hat. What are you trying to look like, a secret agent?
You shouldn't use my name.
Oh, you know, if it's alright, I'd like to stay with Dr. Harding and finish with the trike.  Is that okay?
Doctors, if you please - - I have to insist we get moving.
Anybody at all.  Feel free to speak up.
Yours was fully illustrated, honey.
Uh - - anybody else think we shouldn't be out here?
Alan?  Where are we going?  You see something?
The question is - - how much can you know about an extinct ecosystem, and therefore, how could you assume you can control it?  You have plants right here in this building, for example, that are poisonous.  You picked them because they look pretty, but these are aggressive living things that have no idea what century they're living in and will defend themselves.  Violently, if necessary.
Please - - let's hear something from the others.  Dr. Grant?  I am sorry - - Dr. Sattler?
Shhhhh!
Paleo-DNA?  From what source?  Where do you get 100 million year old dinosaur blood?!
I'll catch up with you.  You can go with the others.
Sure.  I've got a gas powered jeep.  I can drop her at the visitor's center before I make the boat with the others.
You won't be able to miss them.  Can't miss them.
There's only one way to be positive.  I need to see some droppings.  I have to see the dinosaur's droppings.
Pretty sure.
Are you sure?
Yes.  We know they're toxic, but the animals don't eat them.
That's pharmacological.  From local plant life.
They are?  I'll be damned.
These are dilated.  Take a look.
Yes, mitotic, pupils should be constricted.
Six weeks?
Imbalance, disorientation, labored breathing.  Seems to happen about every six weeks or so.
Okay, I'm following the tubing.  I'm going down a passage way.  How long does this stuff go for?  Could you guys talk a little bit to me?
Good!  Keep going, now.  The cable will terminate in a big, gray box.
Mr. Arnold?  He's not answering me.  Okay I'm on the grating.
Look.
Well, because you're a - - I'm a - -
Why?
But you know, I should  really be the one going .
John....
This is just a delay, that's all this is.  All major theme parks have had delays.  When they opened Disneyland in 1956, nothing worked, nothing.
Control?!  You never had control!  I was overwhelmed by the power of this place.  So I made a mistake too.  I didn't have enough respect for that power, and it's out now.  You're sitting here trying to pick up the pieces. John, there's nothing worth picking up.  The only thing that matters now are the people we love.  Alan, Lex, and Tim.  And John, they're out there where people are dying - - people are dying, you know?
Once we have control again we - -
John, John.  John, you're still building onto that Flea Circus, that illusion.  And now you're adding onto it by what you're doing here.  That's the illusion.
You're absolutely right.  Yes, you're right.  Hiring Nedry was a mistake, that's obvious.  	We're over- dependent on automation, I can see that now.  But that's all correctable for the next time around.
But you can't think through this one.  You have to feel it.
But with this place, I - - I wanted to give  them something real, something that wasn't an illusion, something they could see and  touch.  An aim devoid of  merit.
A carousel - - and a seesaw.  They all moved, motorized of course, but people would swear they could see the fleas.  "I see the fleas, mummy!  Can't you see the fleas?" Clown fleas, high wire fleas, fleas on parade... 
Carousel.
They'll all be fine.  Who better to get the children through Jurassic Park than a dinosaur expert?
Malcolm's okay for now.  I gave him a shot of morphine.
We're - - still perfecting a viewing system.  The raptors seem to be a bit resistant to integration into a park setting.
Alan, these aren't bones anymore.
Give time, they'll out draw the T-rex.  Guarantee it.
Oh my God.
Fascinating animals, fascinating.
Could I have a tissue please?
Oh my God.
There you are.  Out you come.
Come along.  I know my way around a kitchen.  Come along.
I have samples all over the kitchen. 
I'm sorry for the dramatic entrance, but I'm in a hurry. Will you have a wee bit of a drink now and then?
Did I say jerk?
I can't get it!  I can't get it unless I move!
Ellie, get the gun!  Try to reach the gun!
You can't hold it by yourself!
Ellie - - get back and boot up the door locks!
Yes, unless they figured out how to open doors.
It's just the two raptors, right?  You're sure the third one's contained?
I'll just finish.  Yeah, I want to finish.
Are you sure?
And when she swallows the stones, she swallows the poison berries too.  That's what makes her sick.  Good work Tim.
- - and swallows fresh ones.
- - barfs them up - -
- - what happens is that after a while, the stones get smooth, every six weeks, so the animal regurgitates them - -
- - which is called a gizzard, and it helps them mash their food, but what happens after a while - -
- - a gizzard - -
- - like birds.  What happen is, they swallow the stones and hold them in a muscular sack in their stomachs - -
- - like birds - -
- - totally incidental  unrelated to the feeding pattern - -
- - the undigested state of the berries because it's - -
Elm that's it, it explains the periodicity, the - -
Yeah, I know.
Not just every six weeks.
Constantly sick.
I know.
Ellie, I've been thinking there's something about the periodicity doesn't had up.
It's my favorite.
Oh Ellie.  It's so beautiful.  It's the most beautiful thing I ever saw.
Dilophosaurus.
Oh, shit.
Can't we see the unfertilized host eggs?!
Wait a minute!  How do you interrupt the cellular mitosis?!?
We're out of a job.
So what are you thinking?
How did you do it?!  How did you do this?!
We were right!
Ellie, they're absolutely - - they're moving in herds. They do move in herds!
Say again?
You've got a T-rex!?  He's got a T-rex!  A T-rex!  He said he's- -
They were wrong.  Case closed.  This thing doesn't live in a swamp to support it's body weight for God's sake!
Ellie, we can tear up the rule book on cold-bloodedness. It doesn't apply, they're totally wrong!  This is a warm-blooded creature.  They're totally wrong.
The - - agility.  You're right!
The movement!
What kind of park is it?
Why would they care what we think?
Small versions of adults, honey.
And what are those?
Sattler.
Uh, this is our paleobotanist, Dr Ellie.....
Okay, who's the jerk?
It frustrates me so much that I love you, that I need to strangle you right now!
Yeah, plenty.  Some of them can't walk!
Anything else, you old fossil?
The Cretaceous.
The what?
They know very little about the Jurassic Period they know less about the Cretaceous.
Alright, the one on the airplane had an accident, but usually babies don't smell.
They do smell.  Some of them smell.. babies smell.
Oh my god, they do not!  They don't smell.
They smell.
Cheap, cheap, cheap.
Oh, Ellie, look.  They're noisy, they're messy, they're sticky, they're expensive.
Well, not one of those, well yeah, a possibly one at some point could be a good thing.  What's so wrong with kids?
Yeah, I know, you know...kids.  You want to have one of those?
You know, if you really wanted to scare the kid you could've just pulled a gun on him.
Yes.  Good shape, too.  Five, six feet high.  I'm guessing nine feet long.  Look at the - -
Postmortem contraction of the posterior neck ligaments.  Velociraptor?
That's good.  That's right!  They died around a dried-up puddle!  Without fighting each other.  This is looking good.
A drought.  The lake was shrinking - -
If they died together, they lived together. Suggests some kind of social order.
The taphonomy sure looks that way.
They died together?
Four complete skeletons. . . . such a small area. . . the same time horizon - -
Like hell it is!
It's all right.
Because we're being hunted.  From the bushes straight ahead.
Why not?
No. We can't.
I can see the shed from here!  We can make it if we run!
C'mon on, this way.
The shutdown must have turned off all the fences. Goddamn it! Even Nedry knew better than to mess with the raptor fence.
Oh my God.  Aw, God.
Stick to my heels.
Okay, I'm on channel two.
We'll discuss sexism in survival situations when I get back.  You just take me through this step by step.  I'm on channel two.
Come on, let's go.
Okay.
I'm going with you.
You can't just stroll down the road, you know.
I can't wait anymore.  Something went wrong.  I'm going to go get the power back on.
What's that?
What about the lysine contingency?  We could put that into effect!
They're not here.
Alan?!
I don't know.
Do you see anything?
Alan!
Dr. Grant!
The other car!
Ellie, com one!!
No, no, no!
Dr. Sattler, I've seen a lot of animal attacks.  People just disappear.  No blood, no trace.  	That's the way it happens.
That's right.  But they never attack the same place twice.  They were testing the fences for weaknesses. Systematically.  They remembered.
The fences are electrified, right?
They show extreme intelligence, even problem solving. Especially the big one.  We bred eight originally, but when she came in, she took over the pride and killed all but two of the others.  That one - -when she looks at you, you can see she's thinking  working things out.  She's the reason we have to feed 'em like this. She had them all attacking the fences when the feeders came.
Yes.  It's not a criticism, by the way.
- - shut up.
Yes?
That'll - it'd be a first; man and dinosaur all die together.  John's plan. 
Seven days?!  Seven days?!  Oh, great.  Oh good - - clever.
Must go faster, go, go.  Open it up, 5th gear, 5th gear! Here it comes!  Stand on it!  Fifth - stand on it, 5th gear, go!
Faster!  Shit, shit, shit, faster!
Must go faster, it's getting closer - must go faster!
Faster, faster!
Please - - chance it.
Can we chance moving him?
Yeah.
Dino droppings?
Alan?
No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle!
Alan?
And even if we haven't seen it yet, I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now.
Unpredictability....
Microscopic - - never repeat, and vastly affect the outcome.  That's what?
Oh, imperfections?
- - on your hand, the amount of blood distending in your vessels, imperfections in the skin - -
Alan, listen to this.
It changed.  Why?  Okay, back over your wrist.  Because and here is the principle of tiny variations - - the orientations of the hairs - -
Uh - - thumb!  The same way.
It simply deals with unpredictability in complex systems.  It's only principle is the Butterfly Effect. A butterfly can flap its wings in Peking and in Central Park you get rain instead of sunshine.
I'm still not clear on Chaos.
You see?  The tyrannosaur doesn't obey set patterns or park schedules.  It's the essence of Chaos.
Dinosaur eats man.  Woman inherits the Earth.
God creates dinosaurs.  God destroys dinosaurs.  God creates man.  Man destroys God.  Man creates dinosaurs.
Anti-nature.
It's anti-nature.
When people try to control things that it's out of their power - -
And scary.
And scary.
I know, it's very exciting.
I get ah - -
That's right.  Will break through.
No?  Non-linear equations?  Strange attractions?  Dr. Sattler, I refuse to believe that you are not familiar with the concept of attraction!
No.
Because he's like me.  He's a digger.
Why not?
Grant?  You'll never get him out of Montana.
If two experts sign off on the island, the insurance guys'll back off.  I already got Ian Malcolm, but they think he's too trendy.  They want Alan Grant.
Juanito, if they pull the funding, that will really slow things down.  If they pull the funding that's going to slow things down around here.
Hammond hates inspections.  They slow everything down.
I understand that.  I'm sorry to hear that. We'd be well advised to deal with this situation now.  The insurance company - -
He had to leave early to be with his daughter.  She's getting a divorce.
You're telling me that we're facing a $20 million lawsuit from the family of that injured worker and Hammond couldn't even be bothered to see me?
He sends his apologies.
What's this I hear at the airportŠ Hammond's not even here?
Hola, bienvenido
Hola, Juanito
Then they're expensive.  Put them back.
Yeah.
Are they heavy?
In a box under my seat.
Hey!  Where did you find those things?
People were gettin' bloody noses - - things on your head - - aneurisms - -
I can't believe we invited Ian Malcolm.
Up and down, up and down!
Dilophosaurus.
What are we looking for?
I can't see.
Brakes?  No.  No brakes.  They're electric cars, guided by this track in the roadway, and totally non-polluting, top of the line!
Hey!  Where are the brakes?
Have a heart gentlemen.  Their parents are getting a divorce and they need the diversion.
Thank you.
I don't believe it.  I expected you to come down here and defend me from these characters and the only one I've got on my side it the bloodsucking lawyer!?
I've never been a rich man.  I hear it's nice.  Is it nice?
That's conservative, of course.  There's no reason to speculate wildly.
- - from combined revenue streams for all three parks should reach eight to nine billion dollars a year - -
Sure, they will, they will.  We'll have a - - coupon day or something.
Donald, this park was not built to carter only to the super rich.  Everyone in the world's got a right to enjoy these animals.
And we can charge anything we want!  Two thousand a day, ten thousand a day - - people will pay it!  And then there's the merchandising - -
Relax Donald, relax.  They're scientists.  They ought to be curious.
John, we - - what I'm just saying....
No, we don't have any animatronics here.  These are the real miracle workers of Jurassic Park.
This is overwhelming, John.  Are these characters  animatronics?
Forty-eight hours from now, I'll be accepting your apologies.  Now get out of the way.  So I can see them!
Let's get something straight, John.  This is not a weekend excursion, this is a serious investigation of the stability of the island.  Your investors, whom I represent, are deeply concerned.  Forty-eight hours from now, if they - -  - -aren't convinced.  I'm not convinced.  And I can shut you down John.
And the concrete moats, and the motion sensor tracking systems.  Donald, dear boy, do try to relax and enjoy yourself.
The full fifty mile of perimeter fence are in place?
Tim, I'm right here.  Easy catch.  Easy catch.  Count to Three..
Are you crazy?  What if you miss?  I hate it up here.
Tim, you're going to have to let go of the fence.  Tim! Get down right now.  Get off the fence!  Now!
You're crazy!  I'm not gonna jump!
Go, go, go, jump!
Tim, you're gonna have to let go.  I'm going to count to three.
I can't!  I'm scared!
Nope.
It's a bit of a climb.  You guys think you can make it?
Amphibian DNA.
But - - my grandpa said all the dinosaurs were girls.
You know what this is?  It's a dinosaur egg.  The dinosaurs are breeding.
This is a seventy-seven ton animal.  Come on over, Lex! Just think of it as a big cow.  Look at it's teeth?  Come here, girl.  This is a seventy-seven ton animal. Just think of it as a big cow!
It's good protein.  Come on, Lex.  Why don't you touch it?  Look at his nose.
Come on, try some.  Take a bite.
It's so strong!  Look at its nose.  Need help?
Take a bite, take a bite.  I'm not letting go.
A Do-you-think-he-saurus Rex.
You got me.
A Do-you-think-he-saurus. What do you call a blind dinosaur's dog?
I don't know.  What do you call a blind dinosaur?
What do you call a blind dinosaur?
Could you guys possibly cool that for a - -
Straight-A brainiac!
"Thunder lizard!"
It's okay to call them brontosaurs, Tim.  It's a great name.  It's a romantic name.  It means "thunder lizard".
Maybe -- it's hard to say.
I doubt it.
You'll probably be safe enough  on your own --
That's a good idea.
'Course you could just wait in there while we go back and get help.
What if the car falls?  What if the wheels fall?
So am I going to help you with your foot?
This is impossible.  How am I going...I can't make it. This is...it's about fifty feet.
Me too.  Okay.  Well, the main thing about climbing is never, never look down, never.
No.
It's just like coming out of a tree house.  Did your dad ever build you a tree house, Tim, eh?
Yes it is.
Okay, that's not so bad, ah Tim?
That's okay.  Listen, give me your hand.
I threw up.
Tim, I'll come back for you.  I'll get Lex out first.
I'm stuck.  The seat's got my feet!
Tim, are you okay?
Are you okay?  Can you move?  Tim!  Are you okay?
Triceratops was a constant browser, and constant browsers would be constantly sick.
These look kind of familiar.
Really?
And his book was a lot fatter than yours.
Whichever one you are.
Tim.  Which car were you planning on - -
Tim.
Listen, ahh - -
Because they sure don't look like birds to me.  I heard a meteor hit the earth and made like this one hundred mile crater someplace down in Mexico - -
Oh, yeah - - great.
I read your book.
There's gotta be something - -
What?  What can we do?
We gotta do something.
Oh my God!
Relatively.
You're sure?!
Keep absolutely still - - it's vision's based on movement!
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
Where does he think he's going?
Fine.
I know.
I didn't say you were scared.
I didn't say I was scared.
What's to be scared about?  It's just a little hiccup in the power.
Kids get scared.
Well, I didn't ask.  Why wouldn't they be?
The kids okay?
Their radio's out too.  Gennaro said to stay put.
No.
You want to talk about this?
Yeah, they hate me.
Machines hate you?
I must've touched something.  This happens all the time. It must be my fault.  Machines hate me.
You haven't touched  didn't touch anything.  We're stopping.  We've stopped.
What'd I touch?!
Why?  Oh, I'm sorry.  Are you two, uh - - are?  I wish you the best luck.
Why?
By the way, Dr. Sattler - she's not like, uh, available, is she? - -
Occasionally.  Always on the lookout for the future ex- Mrs. Malcolm.
You're married?
Me?  Oh, hell yes.  Three.  I love 'em.  I love kids.  Anything at all can and does happen.
You got any kids?
to Ellie) You will remember to wash your hands before you eat anything?
You have no idea.
to Grant) She's, uh - - tenacious.
Not without massive sequence gaps!
Cloning from What?!  Loy extraction has never recreated an intact DNA strand!
Try to!
So you two dig up dinosaurs?
After careful consideration, Dr. Grant - - so have I.
Mr. Hammond, I've decided not to endorse your Park.
What does he mean by "target audience"?
You four are going to have a little company out in the park.  Spend a little time with our target audience. Maybe they'll help you get the spirit of this place.
Who?
Ah - - they're here.
Do they show intelligence?  With the brain cavity like theirs we assumed - -
Yes, yes, yes, which is why we take extreme precautions. They viewing area below us will have eight-inch tempered glass set in reinforced steel frames to - -
Alan Grant.  Tell me, what kind of metabolism do they have?  What's their growth rate?  rate of growth.
Robert.  Robert Muldoon, my game warden from Kenya.  Bit of an alarmist, I'm afraid, But he's dealt with the raptors more than anyone.
Wu?
Blood temperature feels like high eighties.
Let's get outta here!
Sorry!  It's kind of a ride!
Can't you stop these things?!
We clocked the T-rex at thirty-two miles an hour.
- - and you're going to sit there and try to tell me it can push blood up a thirty-foot neck without a four-chambered heart and get around like that?!  Like that!?  This is like a knockout punch for warm-bloodedness.
The brachiosaur?  Thirty.
That thing's got a what, twenty-five, twenty-seven foot neck?
For a further three years.
- - this would be an awfully unusual time - -
I could compensate you by fully funding your dig
No, I'm sorry, that  wouldn't be possible.  We've just discovered a new skeleton, and - -
Well, it's - - right up your alley.  Look, why don't you both  come on down for the weekend.  Love to have the opinion of a paleobotoanist as well.  I've got a jet standing by at Choteau. 
Not to put a fine point on it, your kind.  Let's face it, in your particular field, you're the top minds.  If I could just get you two to sign off on the park - - you know, give a wee testimonial - - I could get back on schedule - -  - -schedule.
What kind of opinions?
Well, I'm afraid I do.  There's one, a particular pebble in my shoe.  He represents my investors.  He says they insist on outside opinions.
I, uh, don't really know any.  We - -
Not just kids - - for everyone.  We're going to open next year.  Unless the lawyers kill me first.  I don't care for lawyers.  You?
John Hammond.  And I am delighted to finally meet you in person Dr Grant.
And who in God's name do you think you are....?
For today, I guarantee it.
Hey, we were saving that!
Phone security systems, everything works.  You ask for it, we got it!
What works?
Yes.
I am gonna have to find the others and get you to a doctor.  Will you look after Tim, Lex?
I'm coming up there Tim! I'm coming to get you!  Lex, I've got to get him!
Timmy, listen to Dr. Grant!
It's am easy catch, you let - - go - - you do the counting, you count it, Tim.  One, two, three -- you do all the counting, okay?
You're gonna get electrocuted  electrified!
Shhhh.  Tim, I'm right here below you.  Easy catch. One, two, three.  You count it yourself.  One, two, three - -
Timmy!  Do as he says!  Timmy!  Do as Dr. Grant says, quick!
Timmy, let go!  You're gonna have to let go!  Count to three.  I'll catch you.
Do as he says!  The power's coming back, Timmy!
Timmy!  The power is coming down, quick!
C'mon Tim, move down, damn it!
Okay.  Keep low.  Follow me.
Let's go!
Bet you'll never look at birds the same way again!
Please!
Watch how it eats!
Well, on the tour - - the film said they used frog DNA to fill in the gene sequence gaps.  They mutated the dinosaur's genetic code and blended it with that of frogs.  Now, some West African frogs have been known to spontaneously change sex from male to female, in a single sex environment.  Malcolm was right!  Look, life found a way!
What's that?
You're a beautiful big animal.
I like cows.
It's okay!  It's okay!  It's a brachiosaur!
Go away!
All night.
All night?
I'll stay awake.
What if the dinosaur comes back while we're all asleep?
I guess we'll just have to evolve too.
What are you gonna do now if you don't have to dig of dinosaur bones any more?
Dorkatops!
They're just doing what they do.  Well the other kind - -  - - just do what they do.
Oh, I hate the other kind.
Tim, Tim, Tim....
No, I didn't hear anything.  No, we're okay.
Hear that?  Are you hearing this?
Alright.
Go  that's the way we're going to go.  What do you say?
It's safe.
It's safe.
It's safe?
I'm trying to use psychology to get you out of the drain, you know!
Liar!  You said you wouldn't leave!
That's not what I'm going to do.  Good!
He left us!  He left us!
Shhh - - I'm right here, Lex.  I'm going to look after you.  I'm going to help your brother.  I want you to stay here and wait for me, okay?
Dad - - Dad - -
Let's get you out.
He's knocked out!  He's knocked out!  Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant!  Daddy, daddy!
Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant!
Tim!  Lex!
Wait a minute?  What do you mean "worked"?  Everything is still off!
That will teach you to trust Grandpa.
You're all right, John You're okay.  It's just you don't have intelligence.  You have "thinktelligence."  You think narrowly and call it "being focused."  You don't see the consequences.  You're very good at solving problems, at getting answers - - but you just don't know the right questions.
I think perhaps I'll just sit down.  I don't suppose you think all that much of me now, do you?
There's nothing that great about discovery.  What's so great about discovery?  It's a violent, penetrative act that scars what it explores.  What you call discovery I call the rape of the natural world!
I don't understand this Luddite attitude, especially from a scientist.  How could we stand in the light of discovery and not act?
Hold on - - this is no species that was obliterated by deforestation or the building of a dam.  Dinosaurs had their shot.  Nature selected them for extinction.
But this is nature!  Why not give an extinct species a second chance?!  I mean, Condors. Condors are on the verge of extinction - - if I'd created a flock of them on the island, you wouldn't be saying any of this!  have anything to say at all!
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.  Science can create pesticides, but it can't tell us not to use them.  Science can make a nuclear reactor, but it can't tell us not to build it!
You don't give us our due credit.  Our scientists have done things no one could ever do before.
Don't you see the danger, John, inherent in what you're doing here?  Genetic power is the most awesome force ever seen on this planet.  But you wield it like a kid who's found his dad's gun.
Alright Donald, alright, but just let him talk.  I want to hear all viewpoints.  I truly do.  I truly am.
John, the kind of control you're attempting is not possible.  If there's one thing the history of evolution has taught us, it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free.  It expands to new territories.  It crashes through barriers.  Painfully, maybe even.. dangerously, but and...well, there it is.
Your silence intrigues me.
Dr. Grant, Dr. Sattler -- you've heard of Chaos Theory?
Don't do that!
John, John.
A load, if I may say so. of fashionable number crunching, that¹s all it is!
I certainly have!  Very clearly!  Because of the behavior of the system in phase space!
Codswollop!  Ian, you've never come close to explaining these concerns of yours about this island!
John doesn't subscribe to Chaos, particularly what it has to say about his little science project!
Chaotician, actually!  Chaotician!
You'll have to get use to Dr. Malcolm!  He suffers from a deplorable excess of personality, especially for a mathematician!
Thanks, Dad.
I don't blame people for their mistakes, but I do ask that they pay for them.
I don't think there's been any debate.  There's no debate...my mistakes....
I will not get drawn into another financial conversation with you, Dennis.  I really will not.
You're right, John.  You're absolutely right. Everything's my problem.
I'm sorry about your financial problems.  I really am. But they are your problems.
I am totally unappreciated in my time.  We can run the whole park from this room, with minimal staff, for up to three days.  You think that kind of automation is easy? Or cheap? You know anybody who can network eight Connection Machines and de-bug two million lines of code for what I bid this job?  Because I'd sure as hell like to see them try.
Sure.
Robert - - I wonder if perhaps you would be kind  good enough to take a gas jeep and bring back my grandchildren.
There's no sign of him anywhere.
Well?
Thanks, Steve.
Tell them when they get back to the cars.
Sustain winds 45 knots.
Ray, start the tour program.
I'll keep an eye on it.  Maybe it'll swing south like the last one.
Why didn't I build in Orlando?
Shut up!  You're scaring me.  Stop!  You're scaring me.
You're gonna get electrocuted  electrified!  The power's coming back!
I'm afraid I am gonna fall!
Jump, Timmy!  It's too late!
That was great!
That's not funny.
Hey Lex, you forgot to say gazundheit.
What?
Hey Lex, ahhhchooo!  Hey Lex, com here.
That's what I said!  You're a nerd!  They don't call you people hackers anymore - - they call you people nerds!
I'm a hacker!
That means they only eat vegetables.  But for you, I think they'd make an exception.
They're not monsters, Lex. They're just animals.  And these are herbivores.
No, no, sh, sh, sh - - stop!  Stop! Stop!  Don't let the monsters come over here!
Yeah, you weren't in that last one.
They don't bother me.
I hate trees!
What if we fall?  I hate trees.
Why are we hurrying if there's nothing wrong?
I don't know!  I'm sorry!
Why did you do this?
I don't know, I don't know.  I'm sorry - -
Turn it off, Lex!  Turn it off!
I'm sorry - - I'm sorry - -
Excellent.
What's going to happen to the goat?  He's going to eat the goat?!
We love the presents.
Thanks for the presents.
We miss you.
No, no... listen, when I get back to New York we'll meet with the Board.
You want to put in chain saws?
Chain saws.
Hey, smart-ass, I'm up here right now in a... luxury alpine retreat, with a two million dollar view of the lake.
Don't tell me you're still thinking of buying Casa de Psycho...
You tell them if they come up to seventy-five, I'll cut them in on the Crystal Lake package.
Ken, we've been through this...
Fifty? We need seventy-five.
Fifty.
Really? How much?
Ken, it's Bruce. Listen, we've got a nibble on the Pendleton financing.
Hello?
I want to look at the rest of the house.
I really think we should go back...
There doesn't seem to be any water damage. Kind of cozy, actually.
Help me with this.
Mister Biller... now that we can see the lake, I think we should follow the shoreline to --
Structure might be salvageable... let's see what the interior looks like.
You learn something new every day. Let's go.
I didn't think there were any houses up here...
I know... but we left the main trail... and I can't find any landmarks around here... I've been trying to figure it out but...
You have a map.
I think we're lost.
Yeah?
Mister Biller?
Great.
Okay... well... I think it's this way...
Get rid of them.
Just a deer, Mister Biller. Part of the local wildlife.
Jesus Christ!
I don't think you're getting in the spirit of things, Janet. We'll buy whatever studies we need --
Logging? We'll need an environmental impact study for that...
Beautiful trees... sturdy trunks... lots of branches...  We can do some great logging up here.
We're not talking about truth, we're talking about perception. And the perception is that Crystal Lake means inbred psychopaths running around the hills with axes and hockey masks chopping up teenagers.  That, my dear, is what we call an _image problem_.
That's not true...
And do you think they like the fact that half the country thinks Crystal Lake is filled with corpses?
No, but...
Do you think they like the fact that tourism has dropped ninety-eight percent in the last ten years?
I don't think the people who live around here would like that very much...
Jas... Jason Voorhees... he's here...
Janet, goddamnit, what's going on?
Oh my god... this is his house... _we're in his fucking house_...
Who's there?
He... he's here...
Janet, are you okay? Are you there?
Yeah. Ken said there was another guy there... _big_ guy... then he dropped the phone. What's going on?
Other guy?
What about that other guy?
I don't know...
Where's Ken? Is he all right?
This is Janet Davenport -- I'm the Realtor.
Who is this? What's going on?
Hello?
Come on.
Who?
_Krueger_...
What happened?
His camera... it's still recording.
What?
It's still on.
Some kind of emergency back at the Sheriff's Station. Four deputies shot... some kind of explosion... I don't know what's going on, but they're panicking back there.
What's going on?
Fuck you.
I can't wait to hear your opening argument.	"Ladies and Gentlemen	of the Jury... the Defense will prove that Jason Voorhees did not kill all of these people. They, in fact, committed mass suicide and then buried themselves in his back yard..."
I know how this sounds, but that's what happened.
Ruby, come on. You witnessed a brutal triple murder and you're having trouble accepting it.  Think about what you're saying. You really expect a jury to believe that Jason has a mystery killer living in his tummy?
You're about to be a media darling -- you might want to dress the part.
What?
And we're in the center ring.  You sure you want to wear that blazer?
Quite a circus.
That's my job.
I seem to recall arguing the same thing in court while you were trying to file murder-one charges.
I'm not sure I'd call them murder exactly. More like a couple of bar fights that got out of hand.
Two.
Did you find a scalpel? Did you find a murder weapon?
Take it easy, Ruby...	it's all right.  Now, try to think clearly... don't you mean _Jason's_ hand... don't you mean he grabbed a scalpel and slashed Doctor Layton's throat?
And this hand... it... it slashed Doctor Layton's throat... and the Deputy. Then it grabbed Danny by the head...  And it pulled his head right down into his chest... I couldn't... Hayes lays a hand his shoulder.
Jason's. It came out of his chest... a hand with long blades on the fingers...
Who's chest?
That's right... it... it came right out of his chest...
He doesn't look like he's going anywhere, Bill. And if necessary, I can get a judicial order reaffirming the right of my client to speak to his attorney in private.
Ruby... this guy almost took out an entire Tactical Response Team. You can't expect me to just leave you --
That's right. Wasn't on any of the maps... we could barely see it through the underbrush. Place must've been abandoned for twenty years.
A house?
Compared to this guy... amateur.
I thought that was Ted Bundy.
Shit. We're still putting the victim list together. You'll need a forklift for the case file. I suggest you hire some help, and don't expect to get a lot of sleep for the next few months.  You're about to defend the most notorious serial killer in American history.
What are the charges?
Your... client is being booked right now. He'll be in cell five.
Three.  Where's my client?
A seminal film. First ever depiction of a fully nude triple impalement.
"Zombie Sluts From Beyond the Grave."
This is a legitimate cinematic genre. Just like Westerns, Comedies, Film Noire, Science Fiction...
You watch this garbage?
I don't know if anything's going to work in this case. Therefore, we have to try everything.
You think that's going to work?
Wrong. Jason can't get a fair trial because of _these_.
Because everyone knows he's guilty...
So... why can't Jason get a fair trial?
Video store?
Now... I think the video store's open for another couple of hours. Let's go.
It's all right.  Now... we're going to need a really good head-doctor for this. Someone who can get up on the stand and tell the jury that our client is mentally insane and has been for years...  We'll go through a dozen doctors before we find one who's willing to testify for us.
Sorry.
I think it's our best bet. They're taking apart his house right now... they found weapons, blood, a mountain of evidence. We can't say he was framed.
Are you going to plead insanity?
My client... is dead.  But I think he's a free man.
What happened? Where's Jason?
For the moment! You've only got about two minutes left! Hurry! Ruby takes off towards the Cineplex...
Are you all right?
Let's split up. You take the left side, I'll take the right. We'll meet in front of the Cineplex.
We're down to seven minutes.
If I give you a bigger dose, it'll give you a heart attack.
Ten minutes...
About ten minutes.
How long will the effect last?
Ten CC's of this shit and you won't be dreaming about anything.
So you think it might counteract Krueger's ability to make us hallucinate?
_Neurolar_. It's a stimulant -- it's also a serotonin inhibitor. It suppresses all electrical activity in the hippocampus... the part of the brain that controls dreaming.
What's that?
Then we're all in a lot of trouble.
And if he's not?
Krueger's in the real world... maybe he's mortal, like us.
Think it'll do any good?
I used to go hunting with my father when I was a kid.
You know how to use one of those?
Krueger's the greater danger right now. We have to stop him.  _Springwood_. That's where he'll go. That's where he's always gone.	But Springwood's not like Crystal Lake. There's a couple hundred thousand people there. He could be anywhere.
Great. Now there's _two_ serial killers on the loose.
I don't know... but I think he's pissed.
Where's he going?
Except this victim got away. I wonder if --
If I'm right, this happened before the Krueger murders in Springwood.  That means that Jason might've been Krueger's first victim.
Alone... but with a murderous fury inside him... which led him to kill dozens of people.
So Krueger thinks Jason's dead... leaves him in the lake... but the boy actually wakes up on the shore... crawls off into the woods... where he lives the rest of his life alone.
Jason's asleep... maybe he's dreaming of himself as a young boy... and that boy is sitting right here.  I think he's some kind of projection from Jason's subconscious.
How's that possible?
This is Jason's REM pattern... and this is the boy's REM pattern. They're identical.
Checking out a theory. Just keep talking to him.
What are you doing?
A cameraman caught him on videotape. Joe, I saw an entire sheriff's squad fighting and losing against an enemy that wasn't there...
You saw him?
It was Krueger, wasn't it?
It's all right. I'm simply in shock... this is what happens to people when they experience events they can't understand or comprehend. The mind shuts down temporarily and tries to shield itself from the horrific imagery it's been exposed to.  I'm going to need a lot of therapy.
I was there once... that was enough. Besides... I have to go out to Jason's house tomorrow.  They're... digging up some new evidence.
You're not going to be there?
I'll have to lean on them pretty hard after what happened last night... but I think I can do it.  Let me know what happens.
Tomorrow. If you can clear it with the Sheriff's department.
Great.	When can you do it?
Then I'd say we should put Jason under again... run another tape on him and see what happens. We'll get extra data this time. Video... infrared... the works.
Not yet.
I don't suppose I can go back to the University and chase young coeds again... pretend this whole thing never happened...
So what do we do?
Add it to the list.
That doesn't make sense.
It's as though there were two people in that room... both of them asleep... both of them dreaming.
_It's a second REM pattern_.
Yeah, what is it?
See this?
Yeah... I think I understand...  You're drunk, too.
Don't you see? Jason was _asleep_. And he was dreaming -- the REM patterns prove that. And I saw finger blades just like Krueger's come out of Jason's chest. There has to be a connection.
Uh-huh...
That's right. The murders in the eighties were never solved.  But... there were teenaged witnesses who said Krueger had the ability to appear in your dreams... and that if he killed you in a dream, it would kill you in the real world.
I thought you said Krueger burned to death.
Now.... according to the file, Krueger was burned to death in a fire in 1968. But get this -- beginning in 1984, there was _another_ series of murders in Springwood. All teenagers... all killed in their sleep... all killed with finger blades just like Krueger's.
Fascinating.
He was a child killer in the late sixties... in a town called Springwood about eight miles from here.  Guess what his murder weapon was? A glove with six-inch blades.
Krueger... doesn't ring a bell.
Well, I'm onto something more useful.  You ever hear of a man named Fred Krueger?
Me too. I'm drunk.
I think I'm onto something, Joe.
He's my client, and this is important. Enjoy your waitresses.
There's nothing to see here. He sleeps... we record it. That's all that happens.
I'll take my chances. Come on, I'm buying.
That's open to debate.
Cute waitresses?
There's a pizza place over on Market.
Well, that's it. He'll be asleep in a few minutes, but his first REM-cycle probably won't kick in for another hour or so.  Is there a place we can get something to eat in this town?
We're going to need at least two full REM cycles to get a clear neurological profile. Three hours minimum, six hours ideal.
How long will he need to be asleep?
Then I'd say it's bedtime for Jason.
Simple. We sedate him, induce a somnolesent state, and study his REM patterns when he's unconscious.  If he has the disorder, his REMS will be highly abnormal. Ruby smiles.
How do we prove it?
Not guilty by reason of insanity. Case closed.
If we could prove that Jason suffers from this disorder... and that his homicidal behavior has been a direct result of a medical condition...
Insomnolesence has been known to cause psychotic episodes... delusions...
So Jason doesn't sleep... how does that help us?
It's a neurological disorder affecting the hypothalamus. The part of the brain that causes sleepiness is inactive. They didn't know about it back in the sixties. Even now, it's not understood very well.
Insomnolesence...
It's rare... but there are cases where people go for years without sleep.  They diagnosed Jason with simple insomnia... but that's not what it looks like to me. He has every indication of having _insomnolesence_.
That's pretty weird. Is it possible for someone to not sleep for months?
The mother said the boy hadn't slept for over three _months_. A physical examination showed dilated pupils, temperature of one-oh-two, blood chemistry highly imbalanced...
Wait a minute. Let me see that. She hands him the file.
Not much here. Jason was brought in a couple more times for insomnia... that's about it.
You're obviously going through a critical moral dilemma. And you're putting up barriers against anyone who tries to probe your conscience.  But it is heartening to know that you do have a conscience.
Oh?
No. You've told me all I need to know.
What do you want -- a tidy psychological profile? You want to hear that I was falsely accused of a crime I didn't commit... and that's driven me to defend others? Or maybe you want to me to get in touch with my feelings... talk about my childhood...
That didn't sound very convincing.
I don't "rationalize" anything. I'm his lawyer -- he's my client. That's all.
Don't get me wrong. I don't care. But the professional part of me is interested in how you rationalize what you do.
My job is not to determine his guilt or innocence. That's up to the jury. My job is defend him.
So, what are you saying... that he didn't kill all those people?
Well, Jason _was_ in a canoe accident in 1967 and presumed drowned. His mother died a few years later after a long bout with cancer. Some time in the early eighties, there were a string of murders out by Crystal Lake...  People started saying it was Jason... back from the dead.
None of that's true?
That's the problem with this case. Everyone thinks they know Jason's life story. But they don't. What you're remembering is a _movie_. Fiction.	In the movie, Jason's mother runs around, killing people after Jason drowns in Crystal Lake
I thought she was a killer, too. You know... that she chopped up a bunch of teenage camp counselors... before she was decapitated.
So?
I don't believe it. Jason's mother died of ovarian cancer in 1969.
Well, I definitely feel sorry for you.  August fourteenth, 1956... Jason was brought in by his mother, who said the boy hadn't slept for two weeks. Doctor prescribed Valium...
No need. I'm self-diagnosed. I have severe nympholepsy...  And I'm a bed-wetter.
This sexual obsession of yours. Have you considered going into therapy yourself?
Nurses. That's why I went into medicine.
This is Jason Voorhees. They'll be looking for an excuse to send him to the chair.  If we're going to argue insanity, we're going to need something a little more concrete.
Great. Battling head doctors. We'll confuse the jury enough to create a reasonable doubt. Hung jury.
This is bad, Joe. The Prosecution is already putting together a team of psychiatric specialists. They'll argue exactly the opposite. They'll say he's just pretending to be catatonic and he's completely sane.
One of the deputies is pretty cute. I think she likes me.
Oh?
I always throw that in. It makes the jury feel sorry for the defendant.
He wets the bed?
Insomnia. Not unusual for someone in his situation.  Not to mention he's a bed-wetter.
Doesnit sleep?
No. When you put me on the stand, I'll say your client is catatonic and exhibits classic symptoms of a schizophrenic, sociopathic personality.  And he doesn't sleep.
Great. Is that what you're going to say when I put you on the stand?
He's fucking nuts.
Well?
Well, as long as I admire it from afar it shouldn't worry me if it's hollow.
A glorified office block.  They keep all the old records there -- the final resting place for facts and figures that have ceased to matter in the world of the living.
What is it really?
It's only majestic from here. When you get closer you see it for what it really is.
Up there.
Where do you live?
You have been hearing the sordid side then.
You work in the insurance department?
Even the so-called New Town isn't so new.  Only the people.  People of the future living in buildings of the past.  Has anyone seen Eduard?
-- I'm hoping to live in the Old Quarter.
What was the matter with it?
Fine -- terrible.
No, no, no -- quite a long time, yes.
Have you worked here long?
Yes -- we do.
You look like brothers.
Yes -- that's us.
My assistants, I presume.
Perhaps Eduard was closer than he knew to discovering it and so had to be silenced.
Yours is a very powerful and important firm -- it has a lot at stake.
-- Small.
-- Ah, but what if it <u>wasn't</u>?
The formality of a trial would be too costly for them.  They're beginning to understand that it's the ensuing news of our actions that incites support.
-- Merely in the interests of order.
You were his friend.  One link is all they need.
Preliminary investigations may already be underway.
You could say we represent the <u>un</u>official view of a well-ordered society.
Heralds of a new age -- does that sound immodest?
Not necessarily.  A <u>wife</u> would.
A true friend would do it.
Then its authority is in doubt.
It's my last and final one.
What an extraordinary request!
If I don't see you later -- go to my house and find my notebooks -- and destroy them.  All my manuscripts -- just burn them. Please.
Another one?
Will you do me a favor then?
Yes.
-- You appreciate my writing.
Not a chance.  I'm the thinnest person I know.
The Castle gates were blockaded in the time of the great plague -- it's an escape route.  Don't get stuck.
A cenotaph -- a monument to someone whose remains ended up elsewhere. But look --
An empty tomb?
I was restoring some stones here in the upper section one day -- and I found this.
In a manner of speaking.
The cemetery is nearer the Castle than anywhere else -- wasn't it part of the Castle originally?  -- I always assumed there'd be a gate or something.  Isn't there?
What made you think <u>I'd</u> be able to get you into the Castle?
I'm trying to find things out myself -- that's the whole point.
There is <u>one</u> thing I'd like you to tell me.
-- Oh, yes, determination runs in the family.
The Kafka men are famous for it, you know.  Delivering meat barefoot in the depths of winter, picking up sacks of flour with their teeth --
-- I'm flattered, of course, to be considered a friend -- even without knowing all the details.  -- To see such determination is reward enough for me.
The <u>Castle</u> cemetery.
A man must eat --  And drink.
You work in the cemetery.
No -- not even success.  My writing is not for making a living -- it's for living.  Not for other people, it's for me.
Success or nothing?
That would be even worse -- it would be a compromise.
Why do you work in that hideous insurance office?  -- dealing with people who fall off ladders.  Now take me -- I make my living as a stone mason.  It's not my art -- but it's the <u>tools</u> of my art.  You could be -- a journalist.
I haven't got the energy.  I mean, I have to conserve my energy.
Where do you get your ideas?  Only joking -- I'm just joking.  Let's go to a brothel then, Kafka, come on.
Naturally? -- that's not the word I would have chosen.
These strange stories you write -- they come naturally, do they?
-- In what sense?
Gabriela was right -- it's easier for me to understand suicide. I'm a practicing suicide.
The needles inscribing the judgement into the flesh of the man.  Very good.
Did you?
I read the one about the penal colony.
-- In magazines nobody reads.
Just what you've published.
I don't know what you could have read.
I've read your stories.  They're fantastic.
Yes.
Are you looking for Gabriela Rossmann?
I'll commit that to memory.
When I deliver a message the very act of delivering it, you might say, gives it an official stamp, and only in this way are both the sender and the receiver satisfied that it was delivered at all.
Your credibility -- yes, it's well known.
But <u>I'm</u> the messenger.  An error like this damages my credibility.
Burgel, I thought it would be easier, as long as I was passing --
In an organization as efficient as ours, if a document once in a great while gets lost it might never be found at all.
Who's to say he ever will?  He's a timid old man and quite careful not to tread on anyone's toes -- In fact, I'm the only one he trusts and he wouldn't even look at a document if it didn't first come through me.
He has it, he just hasn't noticed it yet, all right?
He's usually in the storage room sorting things out.  He can't close the file on a case until he has the concluding report.
I've never seen him.  I don't believe there is a keeper of the files.
Did you see him?
No, I left it in his office.
You didn't give it to <u>me</u>.
I gave it to him yesterday.
The keeper of the files is still waiting for your final summation of the Erlanger claim.
And you're late!
You're detestable.
It's what I'm paid to do.
You're just doing your job.
It's my place to offer advice, not yours -- and by advising the Chief Clerk of your unpunctuality it's certainly not my situation that's compromised, if that's what you're implying.
Not today, Burgel.  Send one of your memos, write up one of your communiques, but for God's sake don't bother me today.
Oh, don't they?  I think you underestimate my station in this office and overrate your own.
Say what you like -- no one pays the least attention.
Good morning --  Or should I say good afternoon?
Sorry, yes -- well -- thank you, sir.
The <u>Orlac</u> claim.
I see -- it's just the Erlanger claim then.
No, there's only one report to complete.  I'll be doing it myself and submitting it to the Castle today or tomorrow.
No -- I just -- I feel a sense of obligation.  He was my friend -- if I can be of any help -- closing his affairs.
Was there something else?
I wonder if I might look to see if there's an address for family -- I thought I'd like to write to them.
I do.
Excuse me, sir -- I understand you have Eduard Raban's file.
You might find a more athletic hobby -- put some color in your cheeks.
In a small way.
I understand you fancy yourself an author.
-- Yes -- Raban -- but he was too much like you -- even more so perhaps.  He wasn't here as long as you, so I didn't know him as well -- but I could see the influence he was having.  I simply want you to be aware of this because you'll be happier for it.
-- Eduard --
Oh, I know you got along with that poor fellow -- what was his name?
Well, I --
Attitude, Kafka.  It doesn't matter how well you do your work -- you still see it as something to be gotten on with rather than something to take an active interest in.
No, sir.
Have you never wondered -- and I mention this only in passing --  why other clerks have advanced to more responsible positions while you, who have been here longer, have not?
I did not realize it was obligatory.
It's not healthy, Kafka -- not for you and not for your workmates.  At the annual dinner this month you again failed to make an appearance.
I usually take lunch by the River.
You must make the time.  Where do you go off to in the lunch hour?
To do my work well, I have little time for --
You keep too much to yourself -- you're a lone wolf.  It makes me uneasy, and if it makes me uneasy I can't imagine the impression you make on lesser employees.
... My ... social situation?
You've been with the firm for nearly nine years.  You've done your work diligently, there are no complaints on that score.  But there's more to the job than the work -- there are other people to consider -- and frankly, Kafka, we eel your social situation could bear improving.
Sit down, Kafka.
You wanted to see me, sir.
I do.  Always.  You understand the world better than any of us, Kafka.  And what it's becoming.  I've always held you in the highest regard.
-- Listen to me --
I know better than you what people will say when they have to.  When they brought me in for questioning I informed on my friends the very first day.
No -- not this time.
I think you've just escaped for the moment.  Just as I did.  As Eduard did.  As they let us do. But only for the moment.
Why should I believe a man who never believed me?  They're absolutely right, you know -- guilt should never be doubted. It's easier that way.
I told you, they're <u>dead</u>.  It's finished.
I know there is.  And you're what I have to bargain with. For now you're the last one in their way.
There's a new potion -- he said it was perfected.
I know how they reward failure. If they saw this I'd be rotting in the quarries by the afternoon -- with all the others.
They're dead now.  We can get help.
This is the result of their elixir of youth.  They were to come and check on it during the night.  I contrived to miss the appointment.
I -- I found your jailer.
Only two steps back?  Even the man they left to guard me retreated further than that.
Should I tell you why I joined our late lamented nihilists? Why I became a murderer? Because murder ... is bliss.  It's easier than you might think to absorb and assimilate Evil -- once you've adopted its procedure.
Gabriela ...?
Over?  It's only over when you can crawl to a clean little spot on earth where the sun sometimes shines and you can warm yourself a bit.
-- I've just come from the Castle.  It's over.
I knew you walked this way to work.  I wanted to find you before they did.
Gabriela! -- you did get away.
Now Burgel's one of the authorities?
What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails -- you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that.
First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil, now it's insignificant Burgel.  If indeed there was a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all.
Or what if there really <u>was</u> an error? -- I don't know what kind -- any kind that needed correcting -- and what if Burgel was responsible for it?  One mistake -- even a small one in a firm like ours -- it could cost him a promotion.
Usually.
And Burgel is the bringer of messages, isn't he?
I've heard of it happening.
How often does one of our clerks have business in the house of records?
Now you're saying Eduard was lured there?
Of course he is -- the Castle precincts are not the safest part of the city after dark.  People disappear up there regularly.   If you want to lie in wait for someone, that's the place to do it.
He's jealous, yes, but <u>that</u> jealous?  He's too cautious.
He used to like me -- very much more than I liked him.
Burgel doesn't like anybody!
Burgel hated Eduard.  And me.  I'm sure he knew about us -- and I'm sure it drove him mad.
That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides.  It leads straight down to the bridge and the River.
It's still easier for you to understand suicide, isn't it.
Now you've fallen into his trap. When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him.
You might think -- I thought so myself at first -- that Burgel's too insignificant to be dangerous. But that's the very reason to beware! It's the small men to watch out for -- the ones who substitute method for character.
I wouldn't put it past him.
You don't believe that.
Of course it could -- Burgel's been trying to get me thrown out as long as I can remember.  <u>He</u> could've killed Eduard.
It couldn't be for that incident with Burgel the other day.
They're not obliged to tell.
Why were you given notice?
Burgel! -- I didn't leave it with him.
Burgel gave me this -- what does it mean?
I'm collecting Eduard's things. If there's anything you want, take it or I'll give it to charity.
At the cost of others?  You accuse people of murder without trial -- apparently without irony.  Did you go to the Castle with Eduard?  Then you have no idea what really might have happened that night at all -- even before or after he got there.
Yes -- which is why "quiet, dependable people" have to take charge of their own lives.
My only concern is the human tribunal.  Isn't it yours?
You think what we're doing is so wrong?  And what are you doing? Pursuing goodness?  For what?  To answer to some supreme tribunal?
People must think the same of me -- a quiet, dependable person.
When you only see someone sitting at a desk all day, it's liable to create a false impression.
I have no right to be, I know.  My experience with real life  is practically nil.
You're shocked at the thought of Eduard tossing a bomb through a window.
He was murdered.
And you still maintain -- what? That he was murdered.
He was summoned to help correct a minor discrepancy of some sort in the Medical Records Division. Apparently one of his claims was relevant.
What of it?
The day he died, Eduard was called up to the Castle.  Did you know that?
You strike me as a man with a defined notion of injustice -- a high concern for the lot of your fellow men.  And yet you're able to remain an outsider.  With the concomitant air of ... superiority?
I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from.
I nominated you as a possible candidate.  You were Eduard's good friend.  He read me some of your work.
They're ubiquitous.  What we try to do ... is make them a little less so.
Ah -- we're back to the "authorities" you spoke of.
You won't have any trouble finding it.
-- I don't know the Musil district.
I'm suspicious of men who want to marry.  I believe they think it's the only thing that will make them equal to their fathers.
And you ...?
Eduard wanted to marry me.
Last year.  I -- it was broken off.
You almost married recently, didn't you?
... All right.
There are some people I'd like you to meet.  Can you come to the Musil district at eight o'clock?
Tonight?
Are you free tonight?
-- What could he have done to warrant that?
The very fact that they're authorities should give you reason. People will do anything to protect their own interests.  For all you know he was killed at the <u>hands</u> of the police.
When I have no reason to doubt.
And you believe everything the authorities tell you.
He wasn't robbed.  He was identified by his wallet.
Do you think people in the New Town care what happens over here?  This will always be the ghetto.
The police would know the difference, wouldn't they?
Eduard didn't see it as something that needed bearing.
No, I don't.  I'm amazed that anyone is able to bear life with any assurance at all.
Two or three months, that's all.  -- I seduced him.
How long were you and Eduard --
As long as it's on their terms. If your work and your private life don't correspond to their specifications you're labelled a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever.
This morning it was suggested to me that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improving.
What's funny?
It's not that we wanted to deceive anyone -- but you know how these things are looked upon at the office.
That he was -- satisfied in that regard.  I didn't want to pry.
What?
I suspected that he -- well.
He would have.  You were his best friend.  A better friend than me.
No.
I was having an affair with Eduard.  He didn't tell you?
Yes.
Well -- nice to know life exists outside the office.
Have you looked?
I've never seen you here before.
Hello again.
Excuse me, I have to copy this for Central Docketing by 2:30.
I'm sorry, but I just wondered --
One of you must be mistaken.
Oh -- well, I thought he once mentioned --
Why would you suppose so?
You're a friend of Eduard Raban's.
I know.
I'm Kafka -- I work upstairs in Accident --
That the police may have allegiance to something other than truth.
What did she say?
Maybe it's true then what she said.
She's missing.  I went to her house and she hadn't returned there.
That's been noted.  But where does it lead us?  Unless you have something more to add.
You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up -- Gabriela is relevant.  When I spoke to you before I didn't know she'd been seeing Eduard.
If someone was waiting here in the hallway to spirit her away, wouldn't they have shut the door as quietly as possible?
That's not what I call conclusive evidence of an abduction.
But that's just my point -- she was more than upset, she was livid. She slammed every door on her way downstairs -- except that one.  I was just behind her and I didn't even hear that one <u>shut</u> -- not at all.
-- Should you happen upon anything that might be relevant.
I'll bear that in mind.
Anyway, I'd like you to reflect that in me you have -- I won't say a friend, because we're complete fencers, of course -- from distinctly incompatible social classes -- but to some extent, shall we say, an interested third party.
Probably not.
... Just a perception.
What makes you think so?
He wasn't a lonely man, though.
We know that.
I don't think he really had any. He had no family either.
His landlady knew of no other friends to refer us to.
Can I ask -- how you found me?
He might have had a drink or two, despite what you think.
No, I suppose not.
Grown men don't normally fall into the river, do they?
No.  He didn't seem to be.  Do you think he drowned himself?
Was he depressed?
I don't know.
He was found in the River.  Could he swim?
Yes.  Since he came to the office, almost three years ago, we've been quite good friends.  How was Eduard ...
Would you describe your relationship with the dead man as close?
Well -- other departments are, yes.
Engaged in the manufacture and distribution of ... pills and so forth.
Eight -- and seven months.
Where you've been employed for seven years.
-- Accident and Compensation Association.
Your office is the Workmen's --
No, we said goodbye outside the building.  He went off, as usual, toward his house.
Did you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps?
Wednesday.  We left the office together.
When was the last time you saw Mr. Raban?
Yes.  Yes, of course -- why wouldn't it be?
Kafka -- is that your real name?
It's all right to be sarcastic in private to us -- because we have a sense of humor -- but when we're up at the Castle we suggest you don't make a fuss.  It would spoil the not unfavorable impression you make in other respects.
My assistants.  I should have known. Nothing is given to me.  I have to acquire everything.
Close only by virtue of antithesis.
Still, we're probably closer to you at the moment than any of your fellow human beings.
It's a farce.
-- Just doing our job.
For all your incompetence I was beginning to think you were at least loyal to me.  You're very good ham actors.
-- You should meet my father.
I can't make a simple statement without him taking issue with it
What's the matter with you?
You mean you've actually begun some?
-- I was just trying to finish some work!
You mean because it's been a while since there was a sunny day?  What a good detective you are.
I didn't realize you'd been here that long.
We saw her naked once -- didn't we.
Do you?
The loyal civil servant.  I suppose you'll deny that shortchanging the workers to whom compensation is due is standard company policy.
Oh, Burgel!  Gabriela was having an affair with Eduard.  They were both members of <u>this group</u>.  If any crime's been discovered and people are paying for it, I'd look to <u>yourselves</u>!
-- Gabriela, on the other hand, had made an enemy of this man Burgel.
Then why haven't I been --
Why are you so aggressively unimaginative?  Eduard is no longer the only casualty.
When a scapegoat is needed, my friend ...
-- You said so yourself the firm is large and powerful.  If the discrepancy really was something big, Eduard's responsibility would still have to be small.  No poor young <u>clerk</u> could find himself in such a fix.
-- Oh, yes, it's mad.
That's <u>mad</u>.
That's obvious, isn't it?  We have an opening for a new member.
... Why take me into your confidence?
As a matter of fact you've caught us in a state of considerable excitement.  Our latest preparation we believe -- we pray -- is perfected. It should take years off her.
What have you done with Gabriela Rossmann?
-- And the new patients they bring me aren't usually as dexterous as you've been in evading us.  Not perfect specimens by any means, but not the type of person who'll be missed either.
On the contrary, it matters a great deal.  We're engaged in immensely important research here.  I'm a revolutionary too, you know -- but a much more pragmatic one.
The fact that it's live bodies you practice your trade on doesn't seem to matter to you.
Lying in the gutter where they belong.
May I ask where your two warders are?
Yes, well -- we're looking for a new village now.  If we stay too long at one source ... people become suspicious.
And I suppose Dr. Murnau didn't die in a cave-in.  You killed him to free the Position of Orlac Medical Officer for your own ends.
I had the grandest of financial plots in mind, the most malevolent of personal motives, conspiracy theories extending to every ... authority I could see.  And I find you.  A body snatcher.
I believe we've exceeded his expectations.
"Accident and Compensation" -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises.
-- If an obscure official up there in the distant mountains so far away from civilizing influences happens to meet with an unfortunate accident -- and should he tragically die in spite of the District Medical Officer's strenuous efforts to save him -- the firm wants to see the next of kin pacified and the disposition of the remains handled with the greatest possible ... efficiency.
It only amuses me in that it gives me an insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstances may decide the life of a human being.
-- You seem amused.
You see, Kafka, in all cases relating to the factory at Orlac -- which is what this paper referred to -- the authority that puts in a request and the authority that grants it is, to all intents and purposes, the same authority.
... A piece of paper ...
Through a very unfortunate -- and I might add extremely rare -- mishap, a document intended for the one department was sent to the other.  And for the first time -- though your friend wasn't aware of it -- two and two could have been put together to make one.
A mere slip.  Your friend Mr. Raban dealt only with claims that came <u>in</u>, another department being responsible for compensation that goes out -- this is correct?
... A piece of paper ...
It so happens, my dear simple sir, that the Head of Medical Records at the Castle <u>is</u> one of the Directors of this firm.
I could always apply there.
We're a medical firm, aren't we? They go to the Medical Records Section.
Where do our records go to in the Castle?
You do not summon them -- they summon you -- and this, of course, hardly ever happens, if at all. The Directors are an eccentric lot and by nature cautious.
What if I petitioned one of the Directors?
These laws have been with us for centuries -- how can you doubt them?
What good are records if they're not open for public inspection?
Of course not.  Only by a Director of the firm.  Who'd want to let in all kinds of riff-raff off the streets?
Once a file's been sent to the Caste, is it possible to recall it for review?
Is your friend's name among them?  Then he only worked on the one case.  Your Chief will send me the final summation when he's finished with it.
This is the cross-reference of clerks who've worked on Orlac claims?
Dr. Murnau was the bravest of men. He spent an entire career in those backwaters with no regard for personal gain.  A great loss.
I did read that.  They gave him a posthumous medal.
You must have read about it in the papers -- there was a terrible cave-in.  It wouldn't have been so bad, but even the Medical Officer for the district was killed!
All these in the last year?
It's a factory in the northern mountains.  One of our best customers.  Without a proper request I'm not obliged to do this, you understand -- but I'll make an exception on this one occasion.
Orlac is an account?
If it was Accounts you wanted why did you ask for Employees?
-- You mean my Chief has it.
Whenever an employee departs, shall we say, it's up to the head of his department to requisition his file, reassign any outstanding claims, and send it off.
It's gone out so quickly?
Why would we keep files on <u>dead</u> employees?  All old files are sent up to the Castle.  Do you think we have room for two hundred years worth personnel records?
What's the matter?
He's the clerk who died last week. From the insurance department
Wait a minute.  "Raban?"  Where have I heard that name?
Yes.  Isn't it there?
I'm overworked as it is.  "Raban" did you say?
I'm not obliged to give you access, you know -- not without authorization -- but I'll make an exception this one time.
It usually is.
"Raban" -- that'll be nearly at the back of the alphabet.
Amerika!
Amerika for us!
Then that's the place for us!
What's to become of us now?
It doesn't matter.  It's too late for all of us.
I understand he was wounded in the lung.
They'd drive us away.  That Kafka's made things very hot for us.
We could go back to the office. Explain ourselves to the Chief Clerk.
Here too!  They're all in a dreadful muddle!
This is filed incorrectly!
Ludwig?
Oskar!
My mother used to tell us of the young man who decided to ride to the next village and how she was afraid that -- not even mentioning accidents -- the span of a normal happy life might fall far short of the time needed for such a trip.
But your goal is so hard to reach. Do you think the official network would surrender to one man?  We would never think of attempting anything remotely as difficult.
-- How would <u>you</u> like to be in a horrible situation like that?
We've been together too long.  His personality is overflowing into mine and vice versa.
And we're upset too.
It's not our fault.  We're naturally nervous.
It's not too bad working here.
We used to be in the supply section, carrying boxes of medicine about but we dropped too many of them.
They keep switching us from department to department.  He doesn't mind because he can't sit still.
She went to the roof to sunbathe one lunch hour -- we watched her changing.
Women are all you have on your mind!
Gabriela Rossman was here looking for you.  Do you know her?
You look tired.
He can't sit still.  Just when we arrive at a nightclub he wants to go to another one.
Oskar.
Ludwig.
Now Ann ...
Get the hell out of here.''!
Take your filthy paws off him -you ignorant pig!
Am actually laying my hand on the twenty-five foot gorilla.Ladies and gentlemen! I am touching the beast!
To be quite honest, Mr Denham ... I find the whole idea to be quite reprehensible.
I thought that with your assistance we could have the premiere at the Albert Hall. We'll take out a full page ad in Variety - "The Lord Darrow Benefit screening". We'll invite the King of England - hell, we'll get the whole Royal Family along! It'd be good for them and good for us!
Miss Darrow ... I've been thinking. I would very much like to dedicate this motion picture to the memory of your father. It's a great shame he wasn't able to join us on this adventure. Truly a wonderful man.
It's ... lovely.
I hope it fits ... Mrs Denham's a big lady.
Kong is a myth, nothing but a native superstition, Miss Darrow. All we're going to find on that island are some primitive people in grass skirts. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm trying to reduce my handicap.
Can I see the map? My father spoke of references to a Beast God ...
Does this look like the "Queen Mary"?? We don't take passengers! Full steam ahead, Captain Engelhorn!
There's no hard feelings, Mr Denham! I just want to come to the island with you!
You're outta your depth here, Miss Darrow!
I'm coming onboard! Throw down a ladder!
Look Mr Denham - you're not welcome here. Just pack up your cameras and go.
Hi - Carl Denham. I'm A big admirer of your work, sir. I've loved all your discoveries. I really want to work closely with you on this incredible find. It'll be good for you and good for me.
Now now, Ann! Try be to polite.
Oh God, it's that bloody yank!
All in due course, Ann. Our first responsibility is to get these artifacts safely back to London.
Father It's somewhere south-west of here - we need to inform the museum ... · organize an expedition -
Father ... Father!
Out! Out! All of you! We have been issued with an exclusive permit -
These are priceless artifacts! They're ruining the site!
Father!
Photography teaches you nothing, Ann! Click! One second and you've seen all you're going to see. I want you sitting here with your paper and pencils ... I want to see every chisel mark reproduced with painstaking accuracy. Understand the carving and you will understand the people! That Ann, is the key to archaeology.
I photographed it extensively, father.
Now look at this fine example of early Hindu art ... I don't recall any sketches of this passing across my desk ...
I think you're trying to run before you can walk, Ann.
A Neolithic bronze ... Reminiscent of the Nias Island cultures ... It ' s very curious. Defiantly Pagan. The use of ivory for the spear is quite unique ... What do you think?
What have you got there?
It' s alright Jack ... it' s alright.
Ann ... Ann!
You're the animals - all of you!
Take to look out there ..- Have you seen what he's done? You're talking about a crazy animal!
He's gonna die! They'll kill him!
Come on, come on! We gotta keep moving!
Jesus Christ ! How could you do this to him? How could you do this?
Jack!...  Jack!
Barricade the gates! Quick!
No! Don't!
I'm not sailing with this thing on board!
Give it back!
This shit is bad luck! Don't you understand? You treat it like a game - two men have already died!
Jack! This is the archeological find of the century!
Oh Jesus ... you took it.
Ann ... you're father is dead. You have nothing to prove anymore.
But . . . we can' t Jack, I need time to collect artifacts ... make sketches ... gather evidential information.
We're leaving.
Jack!
Leave it, Ann.
It's the same image - Kong!
Sun's coming up ...  We've been in the fog for six hours.
There's a light up ahead.
Relax ... it was fifteen years ago. I don't do it now.
I can't imagine you crying.
It's ok.I know what you were feeling.
I want to thank you.
When this boat finally reaches Jakata, I'll be first off. You'll never see me again ... and believe me - that day cannot come soon enough. I've got no problem with you ignoring me for the rest of the voyage.
I don't know what happened to you, Jack ... but I can't believe you were always this much of a bastard.
Yeah! Life's looking pretty damn good at the moment.
Are you kidding?! That heap of junk will never leave the ground!
Can you fly?
I not doing this for me, Jack! It's for my father. This is possibly the greatest anthropological discovery of the last two hundred years! It belongs to him! I'm going to that island ... nothing's going to stop me!
There's nothing fast enough to catch that. Forget it. It's over.
Where do I charter a boat?
No!
I'm sorry ...
Value? ... Value?
God, you're so obnoxious! Our work happens to be of great anthropological value!
Do they have him on display at the weekends?
How dare you? My father is the British Museum's most respected archeologist!
Holy God! The mummy walks!
Tell me, Mr Driscoll - is it a requirement of the forestry business that you have to be as thick as the trees you cut down?
You - calling me a thief? Well, that's great, coming from a glorified grave robber! You break into the tomb of some dead Egyptian - the poor guy's happily enjoying the afterlife when suddenly his shit gets stolen by a bunch of light fingered limeys!
No, it's not ok! We're not about to be robbed blind by some two-bit hustler on the make!
I just wanna deal with the boss, ok?
He's grubbing for money, father.
Oh my God ... Ann?
They' re dead.
Just take it easy .-- Where are the others?
We should never have come! I pay you good money, only to have my life endangered. You'll be hearing from my lawyer!
They're stoking the boilers. As soon as we've got some steam, we're outta here.
Well, that was a monumental waste of time! I pay good money, only to be taken on some wild goose chase!  I made the mistake of trusting my idiot translator!
I guess that answers your questions. There's no island on these co- ordinates - not even a lousy fog-bank.
Two... maybe three.
I'm chartering this vessel,Engelhorn - how many days?
There's no island there. We're wasting our time!
We need those co-ordinates -someone's gotta get back there and jot the rest of it down
I tell you it doesn't exist!
What a climax to the film - The first white men to set foot on ...  "Skull Island"  Twentieth Century man comes face to face with a ... a ... naked stone age tribe!
Look, I've sailed these waters for twenty-seven years ... there's no island like that around here.
A man eater! Fantastic!  Making history, Herb
Man Eater!!!
That's too bad.
We are a very modest and deeply religious people, Mr Denham.
Y'know ... traditional ceremonies where the woman ... divest themselves of their undergarments.
Native costume?
Tell me Mr Ginting - are there any parts of your country where people still wear ... native costume?
The mountains?
Exotic lands, primitive people, dangerous animals ... That's what the public expect from a Carl Denham picture! Lead us into the mountains, Sir!
You are most kind. We will be proud to assist you!
And I appreciate that so much, I really do - a sentiment that will be shared by audiences across America when they view my latest documentary sensation "Indonesia ...Hell Hole of the World". Ernie Hemmingway's agreed to write the narration. We're going out through Universal ... Laemmale's promised me fifteen hundred screens.
We offer ourselves at your service, Mr Denham!
Pleased to meet you ... Hi, bow's it going? Pleased to meet you! Hi, Carl Denham ... How's it going?
Yeah.
It must have been terrifying?
Yeah.
Did you fear for your life?
Nab- Let's get it over with.
Are you nervous Jack?
She's got a bit of an attitude, that girl. She's turned down a bunch of money. Too bad ... it would've been a great angle - "Beauty and the Beast".  I must be getting old - I thought you two had something going there.
Haven't seen her - not since we got back.
How about Ann? Is she going with you?
Not me. Thought I'd head out west ... get into some Redwood country.
I can't get back to the wall! I'll get eaten!
Denham! Go back to the wall ... Tell'em to give me twelve hours to get back with Ann!
The girl's dead, Driscoll. There's no point continuing on.
What?
I'm calling a wrap. We're heading back to the ship.
Forget it, Denham ... for Godssake
Set up the camera boys! Get a shot of me comin' ashore!
Yeah? ... Well, I gave 'em a taste of American lead ... and I don't see 'em coming back for seconds!
They were just tasting the berries.
) They are now.
Hey! I thought these things were supposed to be extinct!
Kong ...
That's your monkey, Denham.
Holy shit! Look at the size of that!
You better not slow us down, Denham!
Jack ... You get to save the girl and I get my third act! It's gonna be good for you and good for me!
Listen buddy! Cut the crap! We're looking for Ann, not making a Goddamn movie!
An ape ... some kind of ape.
What was it, Jack?
Yeah, I saw her ... she was carried into the jungle by ... an animal.
Did you see her?
What's compassion, mister.
Compassion.
What's that?
Coz of something I lost.
Why?
Yeah.
Are you gonna start it up?
Did he come around often?
What about him? Yes.
Arlyn, just tell me, did Jane have a dumper, one of her regular Johns?
Please, if he sees you, he won't come!
Honey, a couple of years ago, with Jane and Frankie? -- Jane sent me a Dumper --
Can't you see I'm strung out?  Please, we're waiting for it -- he's got to have it!
Arlyn, he just wanted to ask some questions -- something you could help us about.
Bree -- honey - please, we're waiting for someone.
Well she's not now.  I did everything for Arlyn. I loved Arlyn I took her right into my apartment, my own sweet apartment on First. But she wouldn't stay off it -- the junk -- and I wept and I pleaded and I held her in my arms - and she started taking things, my things, and selling them for horse. My clothes. We could've had everything together, everything -- and then the bitch sold my mink!
She was with you after she left Frank.
Why? She's a junkie.
Trina honey, he just wants to find Arlyn Page.
Oh you've got to. He does such fun things with imagery. And I've been reading The Fall --  -- The Fall by Ahlbair Camoo -- it's the same thing, you know the imagery --
Uh uh.
Oh yes Mr. Klute -- won't you both join me?  And how do you like our fair city? There's so much here don't you think? The museums and the books and the foreign films -- Bree, have you seen the Godard film?
Trina this is Klute. I told you about him.
And nobody could tell me who he was -- an exiled prince or a mercenary or a bullfighter or -- but I felt it stirring inside me, this -- this wild, pagan feeling --
Yes?
Not young; he wasn't young -- gray at the temples, he -- well actually he looked like you.
Please --
-- May I? It's so --
And then one night -- at the gaming tables -- well I just saw him. A stranger -- looking at me -- and I knew suddenly that all my life I'd been --
Mm.
And Cannes was quite fun, quite; and we played baccarat and chemindefer and there was a nice little Italian marquis quite enthusiastic for me -- but a young man can be so silly --
Yes?
Well -- well I'm just back. And -- I must tell you -- something quite wonderful.
Sure dear, yes.
It's good to see you. Well -- could we do it first and then just talk?
Enjoy.  Well --
I said that.  Well, so you have a choice. You can either feel lonely -- you know, the hate -- or --  So you take a call and go to a hotel room and there's some John you've never seen before, but he wants you. He must, he's paying for it.  And usually they're nervous and that's all right, too, because you're not; you know this thing. And then for a while, boy, they really pay attention, you're all there is.  And it's not real and you don't have to even like them -- you can even hate them, it's all right, it safe -- you know?
Didn't want you.
The truth is I hate them: they must hate me. All right, the money.  All right, not the money. A kind of put-on. It gets things back together.  Well let's say I'd go to one of these cattle-calls, a tryout. I mean before -- before I got this job -- and they'd always say thank you very much and i'd feel, you know, brought down. They didn't want me.
You think people hate you.
Well it's more than loneliness. Hate. People hating me -- and watching me and following and waiting to hurt me -- you know? I'm all screwed up.
Sorry. 
Do you always have to repeat?
Don't belong?
All right. Loneliness.  Well -- separated. From other people. Forgotten.  Well, as if I can be here, I can go through the motions, right? But the truth is, I don't belong.
You've spent your life avoiding this. You'll try hard to deny it; you're quite likely to destroy it.
I do not love him.
Maybe this wasn't just a trick. Maybe you're in danger of real love, real involve --
Guess!
I'd just be guessing.
I know: it's ridiculous. But it's tearing me up and I don't know why. And look, all right, I came here didn't I? And if I have to, I'll keep coming here, the works, and talk about my mummy and my daddy and I'll even pay for it, but will you kindly for God's sakes say something?
Well I'm certain Doctor Spangler will want to talk with you; excuse me.
Look. I almost killed my -- I almost killed someone.
Yes indeed.
Look -- could I use your phone?
Well I have to close up now.
No.
-- I have to close up now. Leave your name and number with his message service, Mrs. Daniel, and why don't you just go home and wait until he --
Grunemann? I've looked at him a --
Like for you to look for the man.
Oh no.
Here please.
I don't have to look at anything. I don't have --
From the beginning I don't know why the hell he's messin with you. If he was me he'd know better. If he was even a city boy he'd know better. You're a whore Miss Daniel, that's the truth of it, right? Now somethin I'd like you to look at.
Is that what he set me up for? Everything he's told me from the beginning? -- don't worry, don't --
No, that's not --
What was better? I made better bait?
I guess he figured it was better.
Is that why Klute didn't tell me?
We don't want to just lock him up; we want a conviction, we wanted him to do something more.
Why isn't he locked up?
Well we're pretty --
You said someone killed them, you said you know who, you said that.
Now there's a picture I'd like you to --
Arlyn and Jane commited suicide. He said they commited suicide.
No, not Grunemann. He's dead. The man that killed him -- also prob'ly Jane McKenna, also Arlyn Page.
So do I.
A few more days. We know who did this.
Oh well that shouldn't take you more than another, oh, two and a half or three years, should it?
Miss Daniel, be sensible, you find another place till we get things cleaned up.
Tell me. I'll listen.  I just want you to tell me.
Oh no, I don't think --
I said yes, I see.
Excuse me Miss Daniel?
I'm sorry, I'm just frightened. Yes.
Tom Grunemann discovered me -- we were here on business together, he discovered me with Jane McKenna. Then I suppose it was the -- the contempt I saw in his face and the certainty that sooner or later he'd use it against me. Within the Company. I endured that as long as I could, do you see?
If you'll let me go I could tell them what --
It puzzles me so badly. I've done terrible things but I can't consider myself a terrible man. I've killed three people and I'd still want to say it was accident, do you see?
Will you let me go then?
I'm not going to hurt you, absolutely, I'm not.
Then it doesn't matter what I do any more, does it?
Yes.
No, you're frightened, you're pretending. Well -- Klute knows about me then. Does everybody know, can you tell me?
Yes -- Jane McKenna's book -- I could make a phone call.
You have no idea what I'm talking about.
All right, then, an ordinary matter. I'm a quite well off man, I have a -- position to respect. I would feel personally uncomfortable to be connected with a -- certain kind of woman, I'm sure you understand. Do you? Well I'd like to buy Jane McKenna's book.
-- Yes.
-- We can talk --
Yes -- all right --
Can't we talk together reasonably, just -- ordinarily?  I know you're expecting some kind of -- extravagant behavior, but believe me -- do you believe me? --
No. I'm sore.
Can I carry something for you, to the car?  Will you kiss me?
Can you use these?
You don't believe that either, do you? Why can't you see my side?
OK.
Look, why should it be yes or no? Can't we keep it going and see? I mean we can keep in touch and visit each other and see. People do that, that's realistic.
Doesn't scare me. I think we could handle it.
What?
They don't scare me any more.
How can you not think so? You know the things I can do.
I don't think so.
Look at me. I'm pretty and sort of clever and very well intentioned, and dear God I'd tear your heart out!
About what?
Look -- yes. I mean thanks, but -- don't you think we better be realistic?
You could at least look at me!
I am.
You wanted to, or you are?
No. I was going to come up. I wanted to ask you to marry me. 
Well suppose I hadn't come downstairs. Would you just have folded up and sneaked away?
Mm.
You're going back?
Mm.
Oh.  Well it wasn't us city people that did it -- your fine rosy-cheeked country boy.
I got a call from Ross this morning. Cable owned a plot of woodland -- he'd go there on weekends. They found Tom Grunemann's body buried there. They've notified his wife.
Trask said I should move. Let's not make a thing of it.
Please. I said I don't want you to do this.
Trask wants to talk with you.
Hey -- look officer -- I can explain everything. It was just -- you know, everything all of a --
Because I didn't want to be touched! I didn't think you'd get that!
Why couldn't you stay here with me?
How do you know how bad it was?
Bree, what's actually happened? It wasn't that bad.
Maybe I wasn't there when you called.
I called Trina.
With Trina.
Where'd you spend last night?
Oh zippidy-doo, they'll find my fingerprints.  Can I go in? I need some stuff.
Those were police laboratory people, they've been over the apartment.
Ah, Schmendrick -- what's the scam?
You said it was over, right? You said not to worry any more, all over, right?
Go down in my room.
Right back at the start, right?
Bree --
My God, I thought it was over. And here I am, daddy, right back at the start.
Listen to me: It's all right. I've been expecting something.
Drop it.
Oh look what he did in them.
Don't touch anything.
Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus.
Hell there's nothing so mysterious about the square life.
I was wondering what that was.
You and I -- a relationship.
What?
Spangler says we have a relationship.
Well, I told him I wouldn't - uh - go there any more.  I know it's tough to understand, but it wasn't easy. You see, he was nice to me. I mean, it wasn't just him. I got something out of it too I guess. Anyway, I told him I wouldn't go there anymore.
What am I supposed to say?
Is that all you have to say?
Yeah.
I saw Mr. Faber.  You remember Mr. Faber, don't you?
Yup.
Oh boy, say, you think you're pretty good.
No, not just 'mm'. You don't know what I --
Mm.
I am scared. The things I do. The things I could do to you.
My bed.
I'm still scared.  I mean different but still.  Look, I made it very clear from the start, you're a yokel, you don't excite me, you don't even interest me, and so I only have one question which is what the hell are you doing in my bed?
I don't like getting splashed.
No.  Well all right. But you want to and I want you to and we both know it and all right.
We did this before.
Please.
You get the Christ out! You dumb stupid bastard, you don't know anything, you square, you get out! I don't have to show you anything; you get out!
No, you can find some other way.  Explain it to me. Bree, show me any sense to --
Arlyn was a junkie; I'm not on junk!
No, no you're right, I'm sorry. He uses women; he lets them kill themselves. Is that how you want it?
No.
You're right, I don't understand. Explain it to me.  You were scared. Arlyn Page, that scared you. Well it should; that's death. So what did you do, you ran straight for it, death. Ligourin kills women.
I told you before, you wouldn't understand.
Ligourin: How could you do it?
I don't get you.
How can you do it to yourself?
What if i go out on tricks - you wanna come along? You could sit and read the National Geographic.
Just let me know when you are going out and where --
Why?
The next few weeks I would like to know where you are all the time.
Thanks for the jolly news. I thought maybe you'd left town by now. You kind of just disappeared. But you boys from Tuscarora have a habit of disappearing, don't you?
The same as Jane McKenna.
How?
I thought you ought to know, Arlyn Page is dead.
But if it's someone else I do.
-- Then you don't need me.
If Arlyn Page is living with Tom Grunemann --
What the hell do you think's the matter.  I could wait for you someplace.
What's the matter?
Don't worry.
I can make that in a lunch break!  Look, Hiram, you're sure it isn't just me? -- you decided you liked it, after all, the other night; you'll hang around for seconds?
You could help me find her. You know the people.  I'll pay you a hundred dollars.
Arlyn had a very big habit - heroin - she's the one who started Frank. She's strung out now; you won't find her.
Then maybe Arlyn Page knew the Dumper too.
Frankie kept them in the same apartment: it cut his travel-time.
Did she and Jane McKenna know each other?
Arlyn Page.
I've checked the records of Jane McKenna's death -- I can't get anything special. But Frank Ligourin had another girl you said, besides McKenna and you.
When?
You asked if there was anything more you could help me with.
Well what're you down about? You mean because you didn't get me there?  You can't expect that. I mean Frank, yes, he'd get me there all the time -- but never with a John.
Thanks.
What's the matter hon? You were great. Terrific. A tiger.
Oh don't be all hypocrite. Or do you really like other kicks? Is it more just having power over someone? -- so you don't really need to --
Bree -- thanks -- I don't want to.
So you're not too different from him, or the chap on the roof, or Tommy-baby --
Mm.
Ezra, I'm lots better than you're used to. Tell me -- the other night, watching me with Mr. Faber -- wasn't your tongue a little bit hanging out?
Not much point to this, is there?
Oh, don't be a doo-doo.
It got lonely upstairs. There's someone on the roof.
It's kind of late.
Goodbye.
Oh. No. Not that way. I'd say it was more -- I don't know --  -- too bad? Pathetic?
-- Us city folks? The sin, the glitter, the wickedness?
Yeah, you got to me.
Hey, but did we get to you, Klute? A little?
Well --
Oh -- wait -- oh I get it. You said that just to keep me scared. So I'd tell you everything I -- oh clever; oh you smart, tricky hick.
No, I said what did you think.
You said it was!
And I don't think that was Tom.
What do I do meanwhile? -- wait for that clown to fall through the skylight on me?
Try some other ways. 
What're you gonna do next?
I don't see anything, do you?
Is there anything more I could --
You told me what you could. I guess I'm through with your part of it.
Oh golly, oh just what I've always dreamed of, dirty phone calls.  How come?
You said you wanted these.
I thought you were going back to the apartment.
Well -- she's dead.
It was Jane McKenna who sent you the dumper.
About the dumper, didn't he tell you that?
It didn't go anywhere.  But that's not why --
Didn't he tell you what you wanted?
No.
Did you like my friend Frankie?
Is that what you gave him?
What did you expect? Frankie still has a good string, three girls. Figure three hundred a week from each.
Well, let's go down and ask him.
He never told me.
Do you know where he got the dumper?
You asked me where I got that date with the dumper -- Frank sent me on it.
Maybe, if you tell me the things you haven't.
Can't you get him?
What do you think?
Well do you think it was him?
You go see agents -- or Equity calls, open casting calls. And ad agencies -- commercials -- you don't get work, you just go around.
Rounds, what are they? -- don't watch me, keep talking.
I go on rounds.
Tell me about acting -- what are you doing tomorrow -- where do you go?
I don't want you to look up. There's someone on the skylight.
You've changed your mind? You do want to play?
No thanks.
I thought you could trick me for those tapes. Don't you get lonely in that little green room? Or let me get you someone; I have terrific friends, wild.
-- OK?
What? This?
Mm? Oh, he was my old man. We broke up.
Tell me about Frank Ligourin.
Gee I hope this doesn't make my cold any worse.
OK.
-- you perverted hypocrite square bastards.
-- You want to wear women's clothes, or you get off ripping things --
-- OK --
Klute, tell me, what's your bag? Are you a talker, or a button man or a doubler, or maybe you like them very young -- children -- or get your chest walked around with high-heeled shoes, or have us watch you tinkle? Or --
What about the old gentleman the other night, Mr. Faber?
Look, I'm sure this'll amuse you too. Ilia trying to get away from all that.
I have some names the police gave me. Frank Ligourin. Will you tell me what --
You're very square. Pimps don't get you dates, cookie; they just take the money.
How else do you meet them? Pimps? 
How would I remember?
Is that how you met the Dumper? -- Someone else gave --
Most of them.
Is that how you get most of your dates? Someone gives your name to someone else?
Look -- I'm sorry -- I've led everybody wrong. I mean yes, I get those feelings, but that's just me, that's just feelings.  I'm sure this will amuse you; I'm scared of the dark. And sometimes I get shook up, I hear people or -- well, I'll come out in the morning and think someone's been prying at my mailbox, or there's a little -- trash outside my door and I wonder if someone left it there for -- do you see? -- things other people wouldn't even notice. Well that's not real, it's just nerves; it's got nothing to do with --
What about the other things you've reported? --  -- being followed on the --
Just phone calls, right? They ring, you answer, they don't say anything, just blank. Kids getting kicks. Burglars looking for an empty apartment. I mean there is nothing that proves --
Everything that's happened since Tom Grunemann disappeared. The phone calls and the --
What about everything since?
Well could I have them back now hon? -- those tape recordings you've got downstairs -- OK? -- and if you want you can have a good time and I'll have a good time and--
I can't say he was anybody!
But you can't say that Dumper was Tom Grunemann.
Nothing. Except he wasn't kidding. Usually it's a fakeout, you probably know. They pretend to tie you up, and you wear a dress with a cloth belt and they pretend to whip you or you --  Hell it's their money. I'll hang from the shower rod and whistle Maytime. Except this guy was really tripped out on it; he --
What?  What do you remember about that -- dumper?
You remind me of my uncle.
All right, yes, I had been. Those sick, wild letters -- I'm watching you, gonna follow you, gonna punish you, kill you et cetera. Well, they said, all right that's Grunemann. So try to remember when you and he - when -- well I don't know, there was that dumper once, he sounded like that dumper --  Dumpers; they get their kicks beating you up. A man hired me once, then tried to really kill me - that'd be about two years ago.
-- Tuscarora --
A name. Grunemann. Nothing. And they showed me pictures like this and they meant nothing. Then they asked me, well had I been getting letters, from someone out there in Cabbageville --
Isn't that sweet.  Well it could be any one of them bubi; I get to see them all.
Company outing or picnic or something like that.
Or you'll get me shoved back in the brig you mean; another month with the bull-dykes.
Could I ask some questions?
If I was taking calls full time would I be living in this kip? I'd be back on Park Avenue; I could support the whole National Guard!
No, I'm look --
Is it the shakedown hon? You picked a loser, I just don't have it.
Mm.
And you just want to ask me a few questions?
Mm.
You're not police or FBI; you're just a private investigator?
Dew yew hayuv ah-dentifikyshun?
Will you let me ask you some questions?
Honest?
You know what I'm talking about. Miss Daniel.
Why?
He was a research engineer at the Tuscarora Laboratories in Pennsylvania. He disappeared from there last April. I've been hired to look for him.
Gee.
Tom Grunemann. He wrote you some letters.
Who?
I'm an investigator. I'd like to ask you some questions about Tom Grunemann.
You said that.
My name's John Klute.
What about?
Miss Daniel? My name is Klute -- John Klute --
What is it?
Tomorrow. See you tomorrow night.
Well --
No, I'd -- like to be in on it.
Just send me a money order.
Suppose I meet you there a half hour before.
Tomorrow evening, nine. East River Drive and 73rd Street.
I can talk it over; possibly I can get the money. When are you meeting the man?
All right, but I'm going to see that list.
Klute, the Company's interest is Tom Grunemann. Solely and exclusively. You say you can't find Tom; all right, I'll see that you're paid off; the case is closed.
It probably has the Dumper's name. It might give us some kind of new lead.  I want a look at it anyhow.
No. It's ridiculous. This has nothing to do with Tom Grunemann.
Will the Company put up five hundred dollars to get Jane McKenna's list of clients?
I can't follow you.
I'm meeting a man tomorrow night. He wants to meet me on East-River Drive -- he wants five hundred dollars for the book. Can you get that for me Pete?
You were hired to look for Tom.
Call-girls generally keep a book, you know, a list of their clients. Sometimes, if a girl retires, she'll even sell it worth good money. Jane McKenna had a black book; when she died it was stolen. I've been after it a long time.
What?
Pete, I've got a chance to buy Jane McKenna's black book.
You were hired to look for Tom, not someone.
Someone's been doing all these things.
You said he was no possible connection with Tom. The Page girl told you that, not Tom.
Dumper, the man Bree Daniel mentioned and Arlyn Page knew and Jane McKenna knew.
That who?
Not too bad. This brings back that Dumper in the picture.
You must be discouraged.
No. No mistake Pete. It doesn't prove who it was -- but proves it wasn't Tom.
Some mistake perhaps that --
Not Tom. Whoever it was left a kind of souvenir, I told you, in her clothing. Semen. The laboratory got a blood group reading from that. The man was blood type 0; Tom was an AB.
It has to be Tom. You said he ripped up his own pictures, he --
It wasn't Tom that broke in the room.
I'm sorry. I don't understand.
Yeah. It wasn't Tom.
You said Trask was arranging laboratory work. Police laboratory. Anything from that?
Yeah, two things Pete, that --
I'm on my way to Chicago. Very important meeting tonight. Well -- any new developments?
Yeah.
I've been up country, you know my summer place, my camp. I don't even have a telephone there. This morning they sent a messenger out, that you'd been trying to call me.
Well as a matter of --
I read your report. I had to go along with it -- the idea of this being a wild goose chase, Tom being nowhere around --
Well there's a couple --
Sorry we had to meet here. But I'm pressed for time.
I think you're homesick.  I'll be out at my camp over the weekend. Nice right now, that touch of fall in the air, that skim of frost in the early mornings, very peaceful.  John, I'll be back here again Thursday; I'll be in touch. Lieutenant, thank you.
How is it back there?
I'm flying back out to Pennsylvania Friday; I'll fill them in on things.
It's got to make sense some way.
You just finished telling me she had nothing to offer. Not Tom, you said, the Dumper was clearly not Tom.
I could try Arlyn Page again. She saw much more of the Dumper than Bree Daniel.
Where, how?
I better keep looking.
Then, close the case.
It's where it doesn't get me. I've got nothing left that connects to anything.
All right, suppose it wasn't Tom Grunemann; where does that get you?
I believed her, Pete.
She wouldn't be reliable anyhow -- a narcotics addict.
Goodbye, Pete.
Thank you. Goodbye, John.
All right.
All right. All right --  John, just sit tight will you? I'll read your report, I'll discuss it with the others. I'll be back next Thursday, we'll talk the whole thing over then. Nothing til Thursday, all right?
I wanted to give it to you first.
Do they have the report? Have you discussed it with them?
It's in the report.
Have you discussed this with them?
No. They never did, really. But that's what I'm going to recommend. The next step. Unless something --
I'm sure the FBI and the Police explored that possibility.
I think Tom Grunemann's dead. I've been a lot of places - I've asked a lot of people. I've found no proof he's around. I've found no proof he was ever around.
What's in it?
Would you like to know what's in it? The report.
It's not so bad.
It's a beautiful day in Tuscarora - I don't envy you that humidity in the city.
I'll be sending you on a report tonight.
John, how are you?
Would I be telling you all this? She copped out long ago. She committed suicide Baxter.
I'd like to talk with Jane McKenna.
You don't tell them. That one of their own in-laws laid a dumper on them?  Peace in the family.  Beyond that, I don't know. All she wrote.
Why didn't you tell Bree, afterwards?
OK and one of them  Jane McKenna -- she blows a little jealous of Bree - you know? -- Bree comes first? And evidently she knew the freak --- that he was a dumper -- she conned me into passing him to Bree, you know, so Bree'd get hurt. I didn't know. Till afterwards.
She told me.
OK, a family matter. Between the girls. I had two other cows --  -- two other girls besides Bree.
Look -- dad -- I may stand better with the cops than you.
They tell me you use narcotics. Could I bring someone around to look at your arms?
Two years ago? Sorry.
I'm looking for a man. Tom Grunemann.  Bree thinks he may have been the dumper -- that call she had two years ago. She says you sent her on it.
I'd like to make something clear. I don't go after a girl; a girl comes to me. Her choice. Right?
I've just got a few --
I've always respected Bree.  I'd like to make something clear.
Oh sure they try. The idea of a better life.  But they don't really know much about life: They get confused -- or scared or frustrated or bored -- they pop back to the one thing they can handle. The trick. The trick. Men in bed. Not men in general, not life, not love, not even real sex -- it avoids all that. Just the trick, the transaction.
I think she's trying that.
No. She had every good intention of it -- coming to me as a private patient, getting out of the life, devoting herself to an acting career.
Has she talked with you since prison?
About his letters -- that's all she remembered. Quite violent material, I'd say, obsessive, a quite sick man. But that's not unusual either.
Did she talk about him to you?
Not unusual.
I want to know how Tom Grunemann got mixed up in it.
-- Usual case history -- this isn't a medical confidence, it's all of them -- broken family, lonely, confused, crummy childhood, early promiscuity, formal prostitution beginning in her teens, income twenty-five to thirty thousand a year.  Oh they don't keep the money: they get rid of it, they get pimps. Why?  Why do you want to know all this?
He called this morning from Tuscarora. Asked me to meet him at 3:00 at the downtown heliport. He's on his way to Chicago.
Sounds to me you better shake him again. Put him in a spot he has to do something more -- but this time give him a time and a place to do it.
What about Grunemann's letters to the girl, everything like that?
Because he knew I couldn't leave the case alone. And this way at least he'd keep track of it. And me.
But if Cable killed Grunemann why would he get you hired to look for Grunemann?
Examine this letter please.  We recovered that from the shredder -- the plant disposal and incinerator system. Grunemann apparently typed it Friday, before he left, decided not to send it, tossed it away. We've already contacted the New York Police; they think they know the girl in question.
No.
Did he ever mention specifically a girl or woman in New York?
Everybody's got some, I guess.
Marital problems in general? Indicates possibly -- am I right Sergeant?
No.
Did he recently appear to you agitated or depressed?  -- indicates no -- Did he voice to you grievance or discontent with his research work here? Indicates no. Moral or sexual problems or peculiarities? --
No.
Can you account for his disappearance in any way?
We grew up together. Kids.
You knew the subject Thomas Grunemann. How well?
I know Tom Grunemann.
Then how are you involved?
Town Police.
Are you with plant security, Sergeant?
Klute. With a K. K - L - U -
If we get anything from the lab, we'll have it by noon. And just think -- all he really had to do was write us a letter.
Nobody's seen that.
It's damn lucky you didn't have the dossier on Cable here.
I left them here. I was doing some work here.
Gov, want to leave me that one. How come he got to play with this one, anyway.
I don't believe Tom's alive.
We have some very tentative circumstantial evidence of freeky behavior, but there's no evidence of murder - there's not even a body.
I never could believe that Tom was a split personality. I never believed he was a Dumper; and I don't believe he disappeared of his own volition; and I don't believe he's alive.
What else do you know?
I knew Tom never wrote that letter.
Unless he was involved with Grunemann's disappearance.
But what reason could he have? What possible reason?
Thought it might. It's off an arrest report you typed two years ago. Man you wanted samples of everybody.
I don't know. It looks familiar to me.
Think this is our guy?
Yeah.
Well?
I looked it up.
That's how the other one died, you know. In the water.
I believed her: the Dumper was not Tom Grunemann.
He's right you know. Waiting for the pusher, she'd tell you anything.
Unknown, unidentified and unwanted. And there's more every day man, there's more everyday.
That's a lot of people to die unknown.
Mr. Streiger, speaking frankly -- we've appreciated the Sergeant's interest you know, all along. Here, locally. But New York, that's - well --
We'd expect him to work in cooperation with you. He'd report to each of you and to our Company's New York office, to Pete -- Pete goes there on a regular schedule back and forth, and --
Yes sir, we know he --
Klute knew Tom. He has a great many ideas about the case --
Klute offered us his services; we've accepted.
Private investigation, you mean. Yes sir, of course you're entitled, and there's some very competent --
Inspector we understand your position; ours is a little different. We have an investment in Tom Grunemann. The Company has an investment, and we feel entitled to investigate for ourselves.
The subject got emotionallv disturbed; he just dropped out. There's thousands.
Trask --
Why couldn't you ever find out anything from the girl?
No sir, we don't state that. We're countin --
Are you closing the case?
Very well, I'd like to see him if I may.
The prospect of losing my child.
What does?
Not particularly.
Does that distress you?
Doctor, I attempt to conduct my social life discreetly.  At the moment I am seeing no one.
Mr. Kramer, do you ever have sex in here with anyone?
Good.  I'll see him in there.
He's in his room, playing.
Where is the child?
Oh, yes.  Won't you come in.
I'm Dr. Alvarez, Judge Atkins asked me to look in on your son and prepare an evaluation sheet.
Yes?
Mr. Kramer?
My daddy doesn't hit me, silly. Why would my daddy hit me?
In real life when does he hit you?
He hits me on the planet Kriptarium, when I steal the buried treasure from the famous peanut butter factory.
Tell me, does your daddy ever hit you?
Playing.
What do you like best about your daddy?
Lunch in a restaurant.
What do you like best about her?
Do you like to be with your mommy?
Oh, sure.  Here, this can be mommy.
What about your mommy?
That's Kim...and this one's Thelma and that's Mrs. Willewska and this is daddy and that's Batman and over there is Robin.
I see you have people there. What are their names?
No.  But I've been to Brooklyn.
Detroit.
What do you have here, Billy?
On earth.
On earth.
Show...
Show.
Greatest...
Greatest.
Welcome to the... 
Welcome to the greatest show on earth.
Ladies and gentlemen...
Ladies and gentlemen...
Will you come and say good-night to me every night?
Your mom knows all about The Face, okay?  Don't worry, she'll tell The Face to beat it.
Daddy, what if The Face comes when I'm at mommy's?
Your mom.
Who will read me my stories?
I'll send your toys there and I'm sure you'll get some new ones.
Where will my toys be?
At your mom's.  She'll have a bed for you in your own room.
Where will my bed be, where will I sleep?
What don't you understand, pal?
I don't understand, daddy.
Bigger than a principal.  The judge sits in robes in a big chair.. The judge has thought a lot about us, about you and me and your mom, and he has decided...  ...he has decided that it would be best for you to live with your mom Joanna in her apartment.  And I'm very lucky.  Because even though you'll live with your mom Joanna I'll get to see you once a week for dinner and a couple of weekends a month.
Like a principal?
Because...Well, that's what he does.  He's a very powerful man.
Why does he decide?
Billy, sometimes when a mother and a father are divorced, there's a discussion about who the child should live with, the mother or the father.  Now there is a man who is very wise.  He's called a judge.  And a judge has a lot of experience with divorces and he decides who it would be best for the child to live with.
No, son, I didn't get fired.  I'll tell you what we'll do, okay?  How about if we go to a Burger King and then we watch a little T.V. and then we get packed to go to the country tomorrow. Just you and me...How 'bout that?
Daddy!  You're home early.  Did you get fired again?
What else wasn't there?
Uh, uh.  There was no such a thing as Burger King.
Was there Burger King?
Yeah, there was apple juice.
Was there apple juice when you were little?
Uh, uh...We didn't have television then.
Did you watch "I Dream of Jeannie?"
I guess about the same kind of things you do.
What did you do when you were little?
Uh, huh?
Mom--I mean, dad?
Boy, I bet you if mommy ever saw this she'd remarried you.
No, son.  Daddy and mommy will never get remarried.
No.
Are you going to remarried Phyllis?
I don't know.  I hadn't thought much about it.
Are you going to get remarried?
No, she never did.
Did mommy ever see this?
Sure.
Wow!  That's neat.   Can I sit in it?
Uh huh...
Is that really your chair?
Yep.
Is this really your desk?
You like it?
Wow!
Right.
It's my name too.
See.  That's my name.
Sure.  Lots of times.
Objection.
Sure.
Objection.  You're leading the witness.
Sure.
Billy.   This is Dr. Alvarez. She would like to talk to you.
See you in the morning light...
Sleep tight.  Don't let the bedbugs bite...
It's okay, son...I'm here... Just a little more to go... Don't worry, son...I'm here...
Ohhh...Ohhhh...Ohhhhh...
I love you...
Yes?
Dad?
See you in the morning light.
Don't let the bedbugs bite.
Sleep tight.
Good night.
Now go to sleep.  It's very late.
Oh...
I don't think so.
You mean for good?
Is mom ever coming back?
Are you...gonna go...away?
Uh huh?
Daddy?
That's okay, pal.  Go back to sleep.  It's very late.
I'm sorry...
Yeah?
Daddy?
Tough shit.  You're stuck with me.
I want my...mm...ommy...I want mmmy...mommy...
I want my mommy...I want my mommy..
You're no bargain either, pal.
Owwww...You're hurting me... You're hurting me...I hate you ...I hate you...
No!
Not on your life.  That's it. I've had it with crap around this house.  From now on, no more pizza!  Get it?  Starting right now you can eat real food like a normal human being!
I don't care.  I hate it.  I want pizza.
Now listen to me, young man. Do you know what I had to go through to put this goddamn food on the goddamn table?
No.
Then eat around it.
Some of the brown stuff is still there.
There, okay? Now that's just plain old hamburger.
Oh, for God's sake...Here.
I think I'm going to throw up.
No.  This is fine.  Just take a bite, you'll like it fine.
I want a pizza.
You are not allergic of onions.
I'm allergic to onions.
All it is is onions and gravy.
No I didn't.  I hate the brown stuff.  It's gross.
You don't hate it.  We had Salisbury steak last week and you liked it fine.
I hate it.
Salisbury steak.
That's okay...
It's just...I've been catching a lot of flack at the office...
That's okay.
Look, I'm sorry I yelled, okay?
I'm sorry.
That's terrific.  That's really terrific, but I notice I'm the one that's cleaning up this--  Oh, crap, I'll have to do this one over.
I'm sorry.
Je-sus Christ!  I catch all kind of shit at the office because I'm not pulling my weight because I'm busting my butt trying to be a decent goddamn father and--
I'm sorry.
C'mon, Billy.  I'm trying to work for God's sake...
You get a new fence.
In a minute...
Mom, I mean dad...
We use the green and yellow.
C'mon, there's not much difference--
That's not the right soap.  We use the kind in the green and yellow box.
Uh huh...
Mom, I mean dad...
I guess...
Sure.  Too much birthday cake, right?
Can I be excused?  I'm not hungry.
Yeah?
Mom, I mean dad?
Well, I see the Yankees finally won a game.
Sorry.
Billy, don't eat with your fingers.
Okay...Same as usual...
Goodbye.
I'm sorry, pal, but I had a meeting and--
You're late.
You got a letter from mom.
Uh, huh...
I'll call Thelma and remind her, okay?  Don't worry.
What if she forgets?
No.  If I'm not here, you go home with Thelma and Kim.
Will she pick me up after school?
Soon.  I told you before, very soon.
When is mommy coming back?
Right.  One O.J. coming up.
What about my orange juice?
That's right.  You're absolutely right...It's been a long time since I made French toast.
You forgot the milk.
Sure.  Didn't I ever tell you French toast was my specialty? I'll bet I never told you that. Now then, the first thing we need is...  ... eggs!  Right?
Wow!  French toast, really?
I'll tell you what, kiddo--why don't I fix us some French toast?
Soon.  Very soon.
When is mommy coming back?
Oh, Christ...Ah, yeah...you want to know why mom's not here, right?
The little hand is on the six and the big hand is on the nine. Where is mommy?
Huh?...Oh God...What time is it?
Then I have concluded my questions.
No, counselor, I'm going to over- rule you on this line of questioning.
Does the witness deny the injury took place?
This is an isolated incident, counselor, unless you can prove otherwise.
I do not, your honor, however--
I see.  Well, you'll have to do better than that.  Do you have any affidavits to support negligence?
Yes, your honor.
Are you introducing the question of negligence here, counselor?
Mr. Kramer, isn't it true that you were fired from your last job not more than six weeks ago?
Sustained.
Overruled.
Objection!
Sustained.
Objection!  I must ask that the counsel be prevented from harassing the witness.
Overruled.  The witness will answer, please.
Objection!
Mrs. Kramer, can you tell the court why you are asking for custody?
Because my son is here.  And his father is here.  As a mother, I don't want my child to be separated from his father.
Mr. Kramer, why did you set up residence in New York?
Your honor, I would like to place in evidence a report on Mrs. Kramer's therapy by her therapist, Dr. Elinore Freedman of La Jolla, California.
Yes...Look, during the last five years we were married, I had...I was getting more and more...unhappy, more and more frustrated.  I needed to talk to somebody.  I needed to find out if it was me, if I was going crazy or what.  But every time I turned to Ted--my ex-husband, he couldn't handle it.  He became very...I don't know, very threatened.  I mean, when- ever I would bring up anything he would act like it was some kind of personal attack.  Anyway, we became more and more separate ...more and more isolated from one another.  Finally, I had no other choice, I had to leave. And because of my ex-husband's attitude--his unwillingness to deal with my feelings, I had come to have almost no self- esteem...  At the time I left, I sincerely believed that there was something wrong with me--that my son would be better off without me.  It was only when I got to California and started into therapy I began to realize I wasn't a terrible person.  And that just because I needed some creative and emotional outlet other than my child, that didn't make me unfit to be a mother.
And yet you chose to leave him?
Yes.  Very much.
Mrs. Kramer, do you love your child?
I make thirty-one thousand dollars a year.
And what is your present salary?
Yes, I work for Jantzen as a sportswear designer.
Tell me, Mrs. Kramer, are you employed at the present time?
Yes.  I tried to talk to Ted-- my ex-husband--about it, but he wouldn't listen.  He refuses to discuss it in any serious way. I remember one time he said I probably couldn't get a job that would pay enough to hire a baby- sitter for Billy.
Did you wish to?
No, I did not.
Mrs. Kramer, did you ever work in a job while you were married to your ex-husband?
The first couple, yes, but after that it became increasingly difficult.
And would you describe those years as happy?
Six years.
Now then, Mrs. Kramer, would you tell the court how long you were married?
While the child was in the care of the witness, he cut his face badly and is now scarred.
Objection!  Your honor, counsel is raising a question that is not germane to these proceedings.
Your honor, I'm only examining the man's employment record.  He pretends to fitness when he cannot hold a job.
Objection, your honor!  Counsel is harassing the witness.
Objection!
So do I.
No questions.
No further questions.  Thank you Mrs. Phillips.
Can you recall any particular incident that relates to Mr. Kramer's care of his child?
Objection, your honor.  The answer is, to be generous, very vague.
Your honor, I'd like to ask what this model of stability and respectability has ever succeeded at?  Mrs. Kramer, were you a failure at the longest, most important personal relationship in your life?
Objection!
Objection!
Mrs. Kramer, how can you consider yourself a fit mother when you have been a failure at virtually every relationship you have undertaken as an adult?
Your honor, I would request a direct answer to a direct question.  Does she have a lover?
Objection!
How long do you plan to live in New York, Mrs. Kramer?
Objection.
Thank you.  I have no further questions.
Ted was a good worker.  But, ah... ... after his wife left him and he was taking care of the kid on his own, things started to change. Look, I know he had problems, I understand that.  I've got problems, everybody's got problems.  But I've got a shop to run, I can't let that kind of thing get in the way...  I guess I felt that Ted was letting his duties at home interfere with his responsibilities in the office.
And yet you fired him.
It was good.  He was a hard worker, a lot of drive, a real hustler.
And how did you find his work?
Yes...
And did you have a close personal relationship?
Eight, almost nine years.
Now then, Mr. O'Connor, how long did Ted Kramer work for you?
My, we are a hot shot aren't we?
Either you call and set up the appointment, or I'll call.  And if I call, you lose the commission.
Mis-ter Kramer, it's...  ...almost four now.  It's the Friday before Christmas.  Nobody is going to want to--
Call up the people at J. Walter Thompson.  Set up an appointment at four.
There might be something at J. Walter Thompson.  But...  ...I don't think they're really serious.  The position's been open for two months and...  They may just be on a fishing expedition.  I'm sure you'll be much happier if you wait until after the first--
I understand and I'm absolutely sure something wonderful will turn up....  ...after the first of the year.
Look, you don't understand.  I need a job.  I've got a kid and--
Mr. Kramer, nobody even thinks about leaving their job until after they get their Christmas bonus.
What?!  What do you mean, I don't understand.
Ummm, hmmm... umm, hmmm...  Well, this looks very good.. Of course  ... you understand this is the worst time of the year to look for a job.
Yes.
Were you?
Congratulations, Mrs. Kramer. You have just rewritten matrimonial law.  You were both divorced, Mrs. Kramer.
I consider it less my failure than his.
Oh?  What do you call it then --a success?  The marriage ended in divorce.
I was not a failure.
So, you were a failure at the longest, most important relationship in your life.
We were married two years before the baby.  And then four very difficult years.
How long was that?
Yes.
Would you speak up, Mrs. Kramer? I couldn't hear you.
I suppose...
Whom you've seen twice in a year? Mrs. Kramer, your ex-husband, wasn't he the longest personal relationship in your life?
Then, we don't really know, do we, when you say "permanently" if you're planning to remain in New York, or even to keep the child for that matter, since you've never really done anything in your life that was continuing, stable, that could be regarded as permanent.
I...I don't know...
Is that...permanent?
Do you have a lover now?
Somewhere in between.
More than three, less than thirty- three--permanently?
I don't recall.
How many lovers have you had-- permanently?
I don't recall.
Well, I can certainly understand why you left him.
No.
Did he ever fail to provide for you?
No.
Was he unfaithful?
No.
A heavy drinker?
No.
Would you describe your husband as an alcoholic?
No.
Did your husband strike or physically abuse his child in any way?
No.
In all that time did your husband ever strike you or abuse you physically in any way.
Yes.
Now then, Mrs. Kramer, you said you were married seven years. Is that correct?
Beautiful.
Okay...I think I'll go talk to my son now.  How do I look?
No more waiting in Coffee Shops ...I promise.
Only can I still see him?
Oh, God...Oh, my God...
He's already got one mother, he doesn't need two...He's yours...  I won't fight you for him any more. He's yours...
What?
After I left...when I was in California, I began to think, what kind of mother was I that I could walk out on my own child. It got to where I couldn't tell anybody about Billy--I couldn't stand that look in their faces when I said he wasn't living with me.  Finally it seemed like the most important thing in the world to come back here and prove to Billy and to me and to the world how much I loved him...And I did ...And I won.  Only...it was just another "should."  ...Sitting in that courtroom. Hearing everything you did, everything you went through... Something happened.  I guess it doesn't matter how much I love him, or how much you love him. I guess it's like you said, the only thing that counts is what's best for Billy.  I don't know, maybe that's all love is anyway... Ted, I think Billy should stay with you...
Please...Please don't stop me. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do..
Joanna, what the hell is--
Ted, when we got married it was because I was twenty-seven years old and I thought I should get married and...when I had Billy it was because I thought I should have a baby...and I guess all I did was mess up my life and your life and--
Ted, do you love him?
Goddamnit, Joanna. What the--
Ted, do you love him?
Okay, I'm here.  Now why did you--
I'm not interested, Joanna. Goodbye.
Please, Ted.  I never would have brought it up if I thought--
Yeah, well he did, didn't he.
I'm sorry...I just mentioned it in passing.  I never thought he'd use it.
Joanna, go fuck yourself!
Ted, if you can't discuss this rationally--
Joanna, go be a mother.  Get married, have kids.  Don't get married, have kids.  Do whatever you want.  I don't give a damn. Just leave me out of it--and leave my baby out of it.
Such as?
Ted, all my life I'd either been somebody's daughter or somebody's wife, or somebody else's mother. Then all of a sudden, I was a thirty-two-year-old, highly neurotic woman who had just walked out on her husband and child.  I went to California because that was about as far away as I could get.  Only... I guess it wasn't far enough. So I started going to a shrink.  Ted, I've had time to think. I've been through some changes. I've learned a lot about myself.
Joanna, I don't give a--
Ted, listen to me...You and I, we had a really crappy marriage--  Look, don't get so defensive, okay?  It was probably as much my fault as it was yours... Anyway when I left I was really screwed up--
Are you out of your mind?! You're the one that walked out on him, remember?
I want my son.  I'm through sitting in coffee shops looking at him from across the street. I want my son.
You want what?!
Ted...The reason I wanted to see you...I want Billy back.
You've been living here, in the city?
Watching my son...Ted, I've been living in New York for the past two months.
He is...  You sat in that coffee shop across from school--
He looks like a terrific kid.
A few times.  Sometimes I sit in that coffee shop across the street and watch when you take him to school.
You have?
I've seen him.
You can't tell it from a distance, Ted.
I can't help but feel somehow... it's my fault.  I keep thinking I could've done something-- stopped it...
Yes...How's Billy?
Look at us, Joanna.  Just like any old married couple having dinner.  Who would believe it.
Fine.
How's the new job?
So do you.
Hello, Ted.  You look well.
I don't know...
Where are you going?
NO!...Please...Please don't make me stay...I swear...If you do, sooner or later...maybe tomorrow, maybe next week...maybe a year from now...  I'll go right out the window.
Okay, I understand and I promise I won't try and stop you, but you can't just go...Look, come inside and talk...Just for a few minutes.
I am not!  I'm a terrible mother! I'm an awful mother.  I yell at him all the time.  I have no patience.  No...No.  He's better off without me.  Ted, I've got to go...I've got to go.
C'mon, Joanna, you don't mean that.  You're a terrific mother--
Ted, I can't...I tried...I really tried but...I just can't hack it anymore...
What?
I'm not taking him with me.
What about Billy?
No you didn't.  You didn't even ask about Billy.
I heard you, Joanna.  I promise I heard you.
You just don't get it, do you?  I - am - really - and - truly - leaving - you.
I'm listening, Joanna--believe me, I'm listening.  My wife is walking out on me after eight years of--
Ted, you're not listening to me. It's over, finished.
So we've got problems.  Everybody's got problems--that's normal--
Look, it's not your fault, okay? It's me.  It's my fault--you just married the wrong person.
I've paid the rent, the Con-Ed and the phone bill, so you don't have to worry about them.
Now listen, before you do something you'll really regret you'd better stop and think--
Here are the slips for the laundry and the cleaning.  They'll be ready on Saturday.
Joanna, whatever it is, believe me, I'm sorry.
I took two thousand out of the savings account.  That was what I had in the bank when we got married.
Okay, okay...What is it this time? What did I do now?...
My American Express...My Bloomingdale's Credit Card... My check book--
That represents a gross billing in excess of two million--  What?!
Ted, I'm leaving you.
I thought you might just like to know that at five-fifteen this afternoon we were officially handed the Fire and Ice account by Revlon.
Are you firing me, Jim?
Disappointing.  It only pulled a fourteen share and they were hoping for a twenty-five minimum, and...ah...they're not very happy and...Well, the guys have decided they want to...ah, re-think the entire concept and...Look, I don't like having to do this, okay?... But...I mean, what I mean is...ah, I'm going to have to...ah, let you go--
That's my decision, Ted and that's final.
Jim, this is garbage.  This isn't anything like what we talked to Revlon about.  None of it. You can't--
Well, ah...I thought it over and I decided we're doing it Murray's way.
All right, Jim.  You said I was running this show, right? You said no decisions without my approval, right?  Well what the hell is this? What's going on, Jim?
I don't.  Jim, this isn't anything like what we talked about.  It's not even close.
Murray had some ideas about the Fire and Ice campaign and he had the art department make up a few roughs...  I think they're kind of interesting.
What the hell is this?
Hey, Ted.  C'mon in.  I wanna' talk to you.
'Night, Jim.
Jim, I appreciate what you're saying.  I mean it, but I really think Joanna's coming back.
Ted, this may sound a little rough, but we've just landed the biggest account in the history of this agency, right? And now it's up to us--that's you and me --to deliver the goods.  Ted, you're my main man, and if I can't depend on you a hundred and ten percent, twenty-four hours a day, because you're worried about a kid with a runny nose--
I don't know, Jim...
Look, it's none of my business, so you can tell me to butt out, okay?  But if you want my advice, you'll send Billy away to stay with relatives for a while.  Just until you get yourself straightened out.
I don't know, Jim.  This whole thing has happened so...Pow-- like that.
But...just in case...I mean, just on the off chance she doesn't. What are you going to do about the kid?
She'll be back...
I'm going to be okay.  The way I see it, Joanna'll come home, it's just a matter of time.
Look, Ted, I'm the oldest whore on the beat, okay?  Three marriages, two divorces...You're gonna be okay.
Me?  I've never been better. I mean having my wife walk out on me after seven years of marriage agrees with me just fine.
Listen, don't let it get you down.  You're going to be fine.
You want to know the real kicker?  The real kicker is, for the first time in my life-- the first time--I feel like a loser.
Jesus Christ.  That's a real blockbuster.  I always figured you guys had it made.
I mean it Ted, you're running this one.
Wow!
Listen, Ted...I just want to tell you, when old man Schmidt retires next year, I've got a pretty
Jim, I've got to go.  I'm already late--
Hey, what's the rush?  C'mon, walk me a couple of blocks.
I don't think so, Jim.  Maybe I shouldn't have--
Ted, will you take it easy? Revlon's not about to drop an account that represents more than two million in gross billing receipts in a small agency like this, without making us sweat.  Now just relax, okay? Everything's gonna be fine.
But it's not a year from now, is it?
It's a very good job--too good to pass up.  I'll be handling funding for the whole...  Look, I...  ..."like" you a lot.  And you...  ..."like" me, okay?  Maybe if it was a year from now, maybe things would be different...
I'm going to take it.
And?
I've been offered a job in Washington with H.E.W.
Yeah?
Kramer...There's something I ought to tell you.
Now in Haskins vs. Haskins the court ruled in favor of the mother, thus establishing a precedent for awarding the child to the mother even though she previously abandoned the baby.
Kramer--
But it doesn't work that way. A major decision was handed down by the Appellate Court in 1969--in the case of Haskins vs. Haskins.
Right.
So, naturally, you assume that since Joanna left, that would be a compelling point against her, right?
I don't want to hear another word against him.  Not another word.  He's a wonderful man ...a wonderful man...
Kramer, I'm sorry.  All I was trying to do was--
No.  No, I don't believe it. Jim O'Connor would never let anything like that happen.  He gave me my shot in this business. If it wasn't for Jim O'Connor I'd be--I don't know where I'd be. He's a wonderful man...
Oh, for God's sake, Kramer. You have got to be the world's most naive human being.  Murray has gone in and changed every single ad you've done on the entire Fire and Ice campaign. Every layout...Every idea...Every single thing, right down the line.
So...what's so terrible about that?
Murray.
How should I know?
I don't believe you.
You dope.  O'Connor doesn't give a damn about Billy.  All he wants is somebody that'll hang around with him every night so he won't have to go home.
I can't.  I've got Billy to take care of.
You want to know why?  I'll tell you why...  Another scotch and soda for the gentleman.  I'll tell you exactly why. Because you're not his buddy anymore.  Because he can't count on you to sit around the office every night until eight or nine and shoot the shit with him.
What?!?
O'Connor's out to get you.  He's going to take the Fire and Ice account away from you.
Kramer...
Okay, Phyllis, what's up?
Do you?
He wanted to know if I liked fried chicken.
And?
Mmmmnph...I'll get you a cab...
Kramer, I've got to go.  I've got an eight o'clock closing tomorrow down on Centre Street.
Yes, I'll have dinner with you.
Yes, what?
Yes.
Sure.
Hiya, Phyllis.  These are the Revlon contracts.  I thought you ought to check them out.
You've got that look.  My lady and I split two years ago in August and I'm an old pro at this shit.  First thing, stay away from the Children's Zoo.  It's pure hell--if I never see another chicken, I'll be happy.  I'm here, darling.  Don't worry...
Three months.  How can you tell?
Tough...  ...I get off duty at five-thirty.  How long you been divorced?
I've got a lot more than twenty minutes to kill.
Walk him over to Bethesda Fountain, buy him an ice.  It'll kill twenty minutes.
What?
Fine.
Mr. Lombardo from packaging wants to meet on Friday.
No.  Uh, uh.  Tell him I asked for it Friday.  I want it Friday. Period.
Mr. Schmidt can't have the figures on the television buy until Monday.
I know....I know.
Mr. O'Connor called.  There's a meeting with the Revlon people in the board room and you're fifteen minutes late.
Don't worry.  I'll get the money.
It's going to cost.
I'll take my chances.
We can appeal, but I can't guarantee anything.
What if I fight it?
Ordered, adjudged and decreed that the petitioner be awarded custody of the minor child, effective Monday the 23rd of January.  That the respondent pay for the maintenance and support of said child, four hundred dollars each month.  That the father shall have the following rights of visitation: every other weekend, one night each week to be mutually agreed upon and one half of the child's vacation period.  That's it.
Oh, no..
I can't tell you how sorry I am.
I lost him?  I lost him?
The judge went for motherhood straight down the line.
Oh, Christ!
When Joanna--  my ex-wife--when she was talking before about how unhappy she was during our marriage...Well, I guess most of what she said was probably true.  There were a lot of things I didn't understand-- a lot of things I would do different if I could.  Just like I guess there are a lot of things Joanna wishes she could change...But we can't.  Some things, once they are done, can't be undone.  Joanna says she loves Billy.  I believe she does.  So do I.  But the way it was explained to me, that's not the issue.  The only thing that's supposed to matter here is what's best for Billy...When Joanna said why shouldn't a woman have the same ambitions as a man, I suppose she's right.  But by the same token what law is it that says a woman is a better parent simply by virtue of her sex?  I guess I've had to think a lot about whatever it is that makes somebody a good parent:
Mr. Kramer, would you tell the court exactly why you want to retain custody of your child.
Do you want the kid or don't you?
Jesus Christ.  Did you have to be so rough on her?
I don't know, John...I mean, to be brutally honest, I'm not so sure what kind of mental shape Joanna's in right now.  Y'know she admitted she was seeing a shrink.
Look, Ted, I don't honestly think she would go to the trouble of suing you for custody of the child if she was planning on kidnapping him.
Six.
Good.  You've hired yourself a hell of a lawyer, Mr. Kramer.  How old is the child?
Fine.
That's if we win.  If we lose, you could end up having to pay your wife's court costs as well.
First, there's no such thing as an open and shut case. Especially where custody is involved.  Got it?
Look, she walked out on her own child, right?  That's desertion, right? Mr. Shaunessy, I'm telling you it's an open and shut case.
It's beautiful.  It's just beautiful. They have a beautiful relationship.
Can you describe the relationship between Mr. Kramer and his son?
Charley, my husband, and I are ...divorced and Kim, that's our daughter is about Billy's age and the children play together a lot.  So, I guess we see each three or four times a week.
How often do you see Mr. Kramer and his son?
Six years.  Ever since Ted and Joanna moved into the building.
Mrs. Phillips, how long have you known Ted Kramer?
Then you don't have a choice. Have Billy at the Seventy- Fifth Street entrance to Central Park, Saturday at ten.
No, but--
You ever see her talk to the walls?
John, what if she kidnaps him.
She's the mother.  That means she's within her legal rights.
What?!  She wants what?!
I don't know.
How the hell are you going to do that?
Don't worry.  I plan to have something within twenty-four hours, John.
Any prospects?
Yeah.
Ted?  Are you there?
Good Christ, Joanna, just get the hell out of my life.
Ted, I won't lie to you, we don't have a hope in hell of winning a custody hearing if you're out of work.
John?
Oh, Christ.. .John, there's some- thing I ought to tell you.  My... ah, situation has...changed.  I lost my job.
Ted?  They've set the court date. I just heard today...It's...  January sixth.
Fuck you.  He's my son.  I'm staying with him.
Mr. Kramer, there's--
No.
Now, I'd advise you to wait outside.  It'll be eas--
Ten.
How many?
But I'm going to have to take some stitches.
Your boy is very lucky, Mr. Kramer.  One inch over and it would have caught the eye.
Please, Thel...
Ted, I just heard...
Please go away, Thel...I...I just have to be by myself for a little while...
Maybe.  I said maybe.  What I mean is, ah...I don't think it'll really work out, but Charley seems to want it, so...
Hey, that's terrific.
You and Charley?
Ah, Charley and I are...Well, we're thinking about...I mean, actually we're sort of talking about maybe getting back together.
Uh, huh...
Ted.
Any day.
You heard anything yet?
I thought about it a lot and you're the only person I know that I trust with him.  I mean, if anything happened to me, he'd be okay with you.  You're a good mother.
Me?!  You want me to take care of Billy?!
Thel, listen to me.  If, on the million to one shot that I should--  That anything should happen to me.  Would you take care of Billy?
Don't say that!  I don't want to hear you say that!
I didn't say I'm going to die, but if I should--
What?
Thelma, if I die--
I don't mean a little favor. mean a big F favor.
Sure.
He's okay...Thel, can I ask you a favor?
I told her you're doing a
What d'you tell her?
Uh, huh...Yeah...
She ever ask about me?
Uh, huh...She said she had a good job, was playing a lot of tennis.  She wanted to know all about Billy.
California?
Not for a couple of months. The last time I heard from her she was living in San Francisco.
Thel, you ever hear from Joanna?
Look,  I know this isn't gonna make any sense, okay?  I mean forget the logic part...But I keep thinking if Charley really loved me, he wouldn't have let me divorce him.
C'mon, Thel.  So Charley had a little fling.  So what? All in all he was a pretty good husband.
No.  I don't think so.
D'you think you and Charley'll ever get back together again?
Three.  And add some basil.
How many onions does it say to use?
No, not really...  I guess it's different if you don't have children, but...I dunno, even if Charley and I don't live together, even if we're sleeping with other people, even if Charley was to marry again...He'd still be my husband. That stuff about "Till death do you part?"  That's really true.
You ever think about getting married again?
Slow down...Slow down...
Lenox Hill.  77th Street between Park and Lex.  The emergency number is 327-0800.
Wait a minute!  Wait a minute!
I'm sure.
You're sure?
I understand.
You're on your own, understand?
Got it.
I've got enough trouble raising my own kid.  I don't need another one.  Got it?
All right...Okay...But let's get something straight, right now. I mean, I'm sorry about what happened between you and Joanna, but it's not my problem, understand?
Thelma, I've lost my wife, I'm not losing my child.
Look, this is nothing personal, but I don't think you can do it.
I'm gonna keep him, why?
I mean, what are you going to do about Billy?
I don't know, Thel...This whole thing has happened so...Pow, like that.
What are you going to do?
I'd like to know what the hell kind of courage it takes to walk out on your husband and your child?
Ted, divorce is a terrible thing. I know, I went through it. You've got to believe I did everything I could to get Joanna to stay.  But I'll tell you something. You may not want to hear it, but it took a lot of courage for Joanna to do what she just did.
Y'know something Thelma--you are the typhoid Mary of divorce. I mean it.  Joanna and I never had any trouble until you and Charley split up.
No.
Boy, you guys are really something, y'know?  I'd like to know one thing, okay--just one little thing.  Did you tell Joanna she should leave me?
Maybe she didn't feel like she should have to.  Maybe she felt like if you'd been paying any real attention to her to start with, maybe you would've noticed.
Then how come she never said anything like that to me?
Joanna said that?
Oh for shit's sake, Ted, you are the most selfish human being I have ever met.  No wonder she said you came first, then Billy, then, if there was anything left over, she got the scraps.
Two.  She is getting to be a real hermit or recluse or whatever it is you call it.  Thelma, do you know where I could be in this business if I had a wife that entertained or went out socially--
Did it ever occur to you guys that Joanna Kramer's not the easiest person in the world to live with?!  Did it?!  For one thing she's always thirty minutes late.  You can set your watch by it--
What d'you know about how Joanna felt?  You went off to an office every morning and you'd come dragging home at seven or eight every night and as long as dinner was on the table you thought everything was swell.
Listen, Joanna Kramer's got a goddamn good life.  She's got a husband that loves her.  She's got a terrific kid.  She's got a wonderful home--
I mean...things.  Ted, Joanna's very unhappy and--
Things? What kind of things?
Ted, Joanna and I used to talk a lot and...well, she told me a lot of...ah, things about the two of you.
Hostile?  Me?  Thelma, I'm not hostile.  I am anything but hostile.  But if you want to know what I am.  I'll tell you what I am. What I am is, I am hurt.  I am very hurt.  And I just want to know one thing, okay?  Just one thing ...Why?  That's all I want to know...Why?
Ted, don't be so hostile.
Yeah, she said it wasn't any use talking anymore.
OhmyGod.  Didn't she say anything? She must've said something.
I walk in the house and before I can say "How are you?", "Did you have a nice day?" before I can say anything.   Pow she's out the door.
Ted, all I wanted to know was where--
I came home tonight.  We just got the Fire and Ice account at the agency.  Do you know what that means?!  Do you understand what that means?  It means that it was maybe one of the five best days in my whole life.
Look, Ted, all I--
All right, Thelma, you want to know what's going on?  I'll tell you what's going on.  I'll tell you exactly what's going on.
Ha!  You tell me.
Ted, I don't understand a word you're saying.  Where's Joanna?
Don't play innocent with me, Thelma.  You know perfectly well what's going on.
Ted, what are you talking about?!
All right, Thelma...That's it. I've had it.  You can call your good friend Joanna Kramer and tell her enough is enough, okay?  I mean, I don't know what I did, but you can tell her she's made her point.
Huh.. .Hello?
Do not worry, Holiness. They fight for you. They are under your protection.
I worry about them.
Khambas are wild men.
Your people are very brave. They are fighting the Chinese. No one can stop them. Not even me.
Kham, Holiness.
Where are you from?
Yes, Holiness.
All quiet?
Yes. I am ready.
Please, come, Holiness.
A moment.
We must go, Holiness.
I know.
And that day, your father got better. He named you Lhamo. "The Protector."
No cried?
You were a beautiful baby. So calm.
Cow.
Your father had been very ill, we thought he would die, and some animals had died.
Tell me.
Again?
Mama, my story.
No!
Goodbye, Kundun.
Hmmm.
Can I free the prisoners?
I will buy them for you.
Here. We'll collect them.
Where will you keep them?
Will you buy the sheep for me?
I do, beautiful horses. Thank you, Holiness.
And you have horses? You love horses.
I do, now.
Are you? Of whom?
But, I am in charge.
No.
Can I do anything I want?
Not the way to talk to people.
It is alright, Father.
I am sorry, Lhamo.
And we will begin with tearing it down.
Then, we will begin with replacing the Tibetan flag with the flag of the Motherland.
I will not approve it.
Plans for absorbing the Tibetan army into the People's Army will soon be finalized.
Chairman Mao can keep China. Just give us back Tibet.
To protect. To serve you. Chairman Mao wants you to feel that China belongs to you now.
Why is it necessary for the Chinese to keep so many soldiers in Lhasa?
It depends on the quality. And, that it be Indian.
How much tea do you drink, Prime Minister?
So far, they do. But, the quantity, it does not exist. You will have to re-evaluate your needs.
The People's Liberation Army pays for all food and lodging.
Impossible! You will bring famine down on the people of Tibet with these insatiable demands! More food, the best land for your soldiers to camp.
We want 2,000 more tons of barley distributed.
Are you, General?
We are simply respecting the terms of the Seventeen Point Agreement.
You have cracked a man's skull and that crack has not healed. It is too soon to expect him to be your friend.
You must also do something about the public meetings. I see this, memorandum circulating, with Tibetan grievances.
Good. Our first request is that you allow us to build a road. You have no roads in Tibet. We can discuss the plans in Lhasa. When you return.
Soon.
Do you have plans to return soon, Dalai Lama?
I have a copy for you.
I have.
Have you heard the terms of the Seventeen Point Agreement?
Thank you. Please sit.
We bring greetings from Chairman Mao.
General Chiang.
Dalai Lama.
If I were to go into exile, could we expect any serious assistance, from India, suppose?
Your Prime Ministers, support the proposal that you return to Lhasa. On the opposite hand, some officials urge you not to return. They believe you should leave now, for India.
Then, we shall meet.
General Chiang Chin-wu, the Chinese representative, is en route to Dromo. He is coming to meet you.
Yes.
Holiness?
Yes, but they say he did.
Ngabo did not have the state seal. He could not sign.
Time to study.
Yes.
He is a capable man.
Not yet, but the Governor of Chamdo, Ngabo Jigme, suggests we must negotiate and offers to go to Peking.
I want at all costs to avoid this. Do we have news from the delegation in China?
I am afraid.
With much bloodshed.
Yes. Most of the Chamdo region is now in Chinese hands. There is a report from Chamdo which makes quite clear that, unless some settlement can soon be reached, Communist troops will soon be marching on Lhasa.
So, we must face China and all her might alone.
The United Nations voted not to hear our appeal.
And the United Nations? Surely?
All?
Of the Tibetan delegations sent abroad, all have been turned away.
We did not.
Did you receive the letter?
The Tibetans were introduced as delegates from the "Chinese region of Tibet". We protested this reference and demanded a letter rebutting it.
Very complicated, Holiness. Let me tell you current news. The Chinese have launched a deceptive campaign aimed at convincing the world that Tibet belongs to China. We sent a mission to the Chinese National Conference. Our attendance was a grave mistake.
It is calm.
The Sera monks have surrendered?
He has been imprisoned, here in the Potala, Holiness.
We do not know.
Who am I?
Yes, yes. Your brothers are here.
This many?
Two.
How many?
I will be back in a few days.
I miss him too.
I miss my brother.
You did. We washed you and wrapped you in sheepskin and took you to your father. That day the father got better. And that day, a pair of crows came to nest in our roof. I just remembered.
I pooped.
At dawn, you were born. One eye was closed, and your sister opened it with her thumb. We gave you the sweet drink.
Me. First break of day.
Yes. A cow had died. One night, you stopped all your moving, and I said to your sister, "His time has come."
Cow.
He had been sick from the time you began growing in me. We thought he would die.
Your father had been very sick.
Far, far away.
Oh, no. Where will he go?
Answer. 
I need to squeeze this brain.
The causes of suffering arise from true sources. Attachment, desire, envy, hatred, greed, unkindness, wrong view and so forth -- these are some causes of suffering.
I accept it. What are the causes of suffering?
True suffering arises from contaminated actions and afflictions. Birth, illness, grief, old age, poverty, pain, death -- these are surferings.
I accept it. What is suffering?
The Four Noble Truths, as taught by the Lord Sakyamuni Buddha are: The Truth of Suffering The Truth of the Cause of Suffering, The Truth of the Cessation of Suffering, the Truth of the Way which leads to the cessation of Suffering.
Not until you are eighteen.
I am him.
You can't do anything real until you are Dalai Lama.
Do you have money?
What do you think?
Do I have money?
You could buy them.
Can I save the sheep from going to the market? So they don't die.
Arrange for me to speak to the people's leaders.
We are now accused of aiding the rebels. The Chinese said we can expect drastic measures to be taken to crush this revolt.
I will alert the Chinese delegation. You know, I would never have let you go alone, Kundun.
I will not go.
The crowd will not disperse until you give your assurance that you will not attend the Chinese festivities. Many who have been invited to dine with the Chinese do not return home.
The people will not allow it.
They will take Lhasa next.
Non-violence means co-operation when it is possible. Resistance, when it is not.
The pursuit of non-violence. Very difficult.
The Communists put their guns in the hands of the Khamba children and force the child to kill the parent. They have dropped bombs on the monastery of Lithang in Kham. It has been destroyed. Women and children, trying to escape from the fighting, have been shot with machine guns, fired from airplanes.
I have always asked for plain information. Just the truth.
A beggar can be called a landlord if he disapproves of the Chinese.
Land reform is underway in Amdo. The large estates are being confiscated and redistributed. Landlords are being punished.
The Khamba's gun is his most prized possession. I admire them so. They face a modern, well equipped army, and still, they fight.
I ask them to stop, to lay down their guns.
I had relinquished doubt.
Did you ever doubt it?
My first and foremost duty is to protect my people. I feel sure of this. And, things change. Maybe not right away, maybe not soon. But I believe this -- things will change.
Shall we consult the protective deities, Holiness?
I am scared.
Tibet, at war? No. China is close, America is far away. After countless people die, China would still, always, be close. We will work with what we have.
The Chinese would see such a pact as an open declaration of war.
At this point, the most likely result of a foreign pact is war.
It is unlikely. America, perhaps. There is great anti-communist feeling in America.
And then they would concede that the times are desperate and we must go to Peking. Agreed. Send Ngabo. Is that all?
Your prime minsters would argue that such negotiations should take place in Lhasa.
In the Americas.
Where is that?
One country did sponsor the resolution. A land called "El Salvador".
The radio contact said one officer had died. Then he said, "The Chinese soldiers -- they are coming." And then, the radio went dead.
Has anyone died?
Eight thousand, five hundred, soldiers and officers. We have recently requested mortars, anti-aircraft guns and ammunition from India. We have several hundred in the area.
What is the size of our army, now?
I shall send a letter to America, to the President, informing him of our problem.
Quite simple. Yes. Good.
Ask the Chinese mission to leave our country. Immediately.
America, we shall see.
And, America?
Britain chooses not to.
Britain?
India is a newly independent nation. They are struggling. India is in no position to help us.
Can India help us?
Yes. As a free country. But our attempts have proven futile. We continue to be badly outmaneuvered by the Chinese.
So, Tibet, too, needs to define itself.
The war is over. This is a time in when nations are redefining themselves.
What is the danger from the Chinese, now?
Ask whatever you will.
I need to know what you know. I am no longer a child.
You are the man who wrote this letter. You are the man who has come back to lead us. You will soon have great responsibilities. You must know what to do.
What can I do? I am only a boy.
Look here!
I am sorry for you to have to witness this, Kundun.
When it is time.
Tell me.
He warned about the future of Tibet.
What was the warning of the Thirteenth Dalai Lama?
I do not know, Holiness.
Where is Alsace?
It is an island. American territory.
In the Pacific Ocean.
Will we ever be in war?
No. This war is almost over.
Will we be in this war?
The Regent is adding men. And he bought rifles and ammunition from India. Mountain guns, too.
No. Not very big.
Is that big?
Roughly five thousand men.
How big is Tibet's army?
Please.
May I listen to the news with you, Holiness?
Thank you.
Of course, please, this way. Your servant may use the kitchen.
We are traveling to Lhasa. May we...?
Please, come in, so cold.
Good day.
Good day.
Always.
You have a lot to learn about organization. How to draw out people's opinions. How to make key decisions. Train your young Tibetans. When I make contact with you, I want to reach you through a Tibetan.
I have been greatly impressed by your accomplishments. Industrial progress. Great efficiency. Your people are capable and courteous.
Yes, I am aware. How has your time in China been?
I leave tomorrow.
Ah, Dalai Lama, thank you for coming so late.
Have a sweet. Made in my home province. The kind my mother used to make.
For me, I think such a mix is crucial.
You know, I have great respect for your Lord Buddha. He was anti-caste. Anti-corruption. Anti-exploitation. For some, politics and religion can mix.
Good. Very good. Tibet is a great country. A wonderful history. Long ago, you even conquered part of China. But now you have fallen behind and we want to help you. In twenty years time you could be ahead of us. Then it will be your turn to help China.
I am happy to hear you say this, Chairman Mao. I have created a reform committee to investigate grievances and we have abolished Inherited Tax, and forgiven all money owed the Government by people who are unable to pay.
It is too early to implement all the clauses of the Seventeen Point Agreement. We will establish a Preparatory Committee for the Autonomous Region of Tibet. The pace of reform must meet with the desires of the Tibetan people. Changes must be made slowly, as you, yourself, judge necessary.
I have great hopes for the future of our co-operation.
You must inform me at once if any of our people abuse the Tibetans trust and good nature.
You decide.
Do you think I must?
I have one more piece of news. A baby is coming.
You will always!
Me?
But you will always be here?
I turn you over again, today, Lhamo. One day, you will not be able to come running to us.
He was always nice to me. He found me. He saw me in his dreams.
Well, some say. It's not for you to worry about. Another will be chosen.
Is he a bad man? Norbu says he is "lavish" and "willful". "How can he give you monk's vows if he has not kept them himself?"
I have news. The Regent has resigned his post.
Soft. Nice. I have a good friend back in Lhasa.
What does the butter spot feel like?
You decide.
True.
What do you think?
Is that a true story, or pretend?
He does, a little spot where the butter had been.
Does he have the spot?
This little brother was terribly sweet. When he died, my mother was so sad. A lama said to her, before the little brother was laid out for burial, take a bit of butter and rub a spot on his skin. He will come back to you, you will see. So, my mother did this, and a few years later, a new boy was born.
And you have grown older and your chin has grown balder.
You have grown up very good.
We have.
We have had fun, you and I. Fun for a little boy in an old palace.
I will miss you.
You must study very hard, do not neglect the holy things during this time.
The people will cry when they learn you are gone. But they would all want you safe.
Am I running away?
No, Holiness.
You will not come?
Oh, but you do, Kundun. Who else would be here?
But, I have no experience.
These are dangerous times. They want the Dalai Lama to lead them.
Then, I am lucky. I am still too young.
The people want you made Dalai Lama.
Reting Rinpoche has been arrested. He tried to overthrow Regent Taktra. Today, he is brought back to Lhasa by government officials. The monks at Sera Monastery have been on his side. Now, there is trouble between them and the army.
Why is this? What is happening? Tell me!
Ahh.
This is Tibet. And this is China.
Where is Poland?
Ahh.
This is Britain.
But, surely, we are safe in Tibet. We don't believe in killing.
Yes.
The Chinese.
We have enemies.
I would not know. Maybe.
Maybe in the next life, the world will not need a Dalai Lama.
But you are not a shepherd, you are the Dalai Lama.
I want to be a shepherd, taking those goats and cows out to the hillside.
You cannot.
I want to run down the street. I want to buy a toy. Eat from the shops.
You can only go with attendants and a big ceremony.
I want to go down there.
As you say.
Pretend.
It is a story, you decide.
Is that true or pretend?
She carried a basket in her arms, a big, heavy basket, and the old monk cautiously approached. She opened her basket and showed what she had. Heads. Human heads. Only the heads.
Why is your beard so funny? Let me touch this.
Things change, Kundun.
I have smarter men.
I have more men.
I am braver.
And after the game, we're going to trade. You just stay over there, no, there!, Norbu, and I will shoot at you. I want your land. I take it. I am stronger.
I'm on a big mountain and hitting at the bad men.
It may not be your decision to make.
How could I ever leave?
You are in great danger. The Dalai Lama cannot fall into Chinese hands. You must flee.
These are not human beings. They are worse than ghosts.
Buddha teaches that we must learn from our enemy. We have compassion for all people.
This is not a fight to put bread just in one's own mouth. This is a fight for Tibet.
We cannot.
The Chinese have one goal. The complete dissolution of our nation. The destruction of our culture. There is no room for Buddha in their world. Our only hope is to fight.
I remember, too, actually. I was frightened then. I am frightened now.
I do.
Do you remember the day I came to your monastery, when I was a baby? And you comforted me?
Don't eat all those sweets. You'll get sick.
Eliminate you.
You, kill me?
They think they have convinced me. They think I am on their side. They have allowed me to leave Kumbum and come to Lhasa believing that I will try to turn you to their ways. If I do not succeed, I am to eliminate you.
Tell me.
Doubt is an affliction. Reliquish it. Accept.
I mean, my doubt. Why me? Am I Him?
It is a difficult situation.
What should I do about my doubt, Teacher?
What would you do, Holiness?
If we agree that we are part of China, nothing else will matter. Not trade, not defense. We will be lost.
Good. Where is Reting Rinpoche now?
Completely.
You are unharmed?
It is possible, Holiness.
Taktra Rinpoche, I understand there was an attempt on your life.
I see that.
Like my mother.
Look for a strong woman, not too occupied with her beauty. Look for a woman who keeps her hands busy. Look for a kind heart.
Much too young.
Too young?
No.
Does he treat you fairly?
The land has stayed in the family. We work together. The nobleman is not too bad.
Hmm.
I did not know him before I married him. I loved his brother, but then, I married his brother, too. He is dead now.
Did you love your husband, before you married?
You're all fuckers.  Vicious little fuckers.
We won't let him get hurt, Ma'am.
You can't take a cow by eminent domain.
No.  Do you?
He just <u>appeared</u>.  You have no idea how he arrived in this lake?
Oh, yes.
You killed him.
Oh yes.  I killed him.
Mrs. Bickerman, the reason we're up here... a man was fatally attacked yesterday by some animal in this lake.  Do you know how your husband died?
Go ahead.
I'll sue you.
Thank you, Officer Fuckmeat.
You're to wait right here until the police show, you're under full house arrest.
Murders and rapes in the cities. People bomb planes... can the police stop them?  <u>No</u>.  But feed one little cow to a crocodile...
Nobody <u>lives</u> on this lake.  it's really <u>his</u> lake now.
Ma'am, how could you not report this?  He puts human life at risk and--
<u>No</u>, <u>I</u> <u>did</u> <u>not</u>.  The crocodile <u>did</u> kill him, though. But it was all... it was a mistake.
Ma'am.  Your husband, Bernie.  You didn't, by any chance, lead him to the lake blindfolded?
The <u>reason</u> I lied is if I'd told you the truth, you'd just hunt it down and kill it which seems to be exactly what you're doing.
Oh, but you <u>have</u>, Ma'am.  You lied to us, that could be obstruction of justice.  A man's been killed in part 'cause of your silence, I could make out a charge of reckless endangerment and I'm sure PETA would be annoyed at how you treat your cows.
I haven't broken any laws.
Well, he was very ill and he refused to go see a doctor and well... I think he had Alzheimer's, he would be coherent one day, incoherent the next and one <u>coherent</u> day, he asked me to end his suffering.  I wouldn't <u>do</u> it but he kept insisting and insisting and deteriorating till the point the only cognitive thing he could really do was that I finish him off.  Finally I just gave in and hit him on the head with a skillet then buried him under the bulkhead.
And how would you have accomplished this, Ma'am?
Oh well, I'm sorry.  I didn't realize you keep such a firm track of the dead.
My department doesn't have any record of that, Mrs. Bickerman.
Oh, my husband passed away almost two years ago.
<u>I'm</u> <u>trying</u>!!!
Go!!!
Jesus.  About twelve more yards.  Keep coming just like that.
<u>No</u>.  If you don't kill him instantly, I'm dead and you'll only kill him instantly if you get his brain, which is about the size of a cherry.  And even if you <u>were</u> on target, a bullet might not penetrate his hide.
I might get a shot.
He's not gonna hurt <u>me</u>.
<u>Please</u>.  I'll have sex with you, anything, but get out of the water.
I need to see his habitat.
C'mon Hector.  I know you're crazy but you can't--
<u>So</u> <u>why</u> <u>are</u> <u>we</u> <u>landing</u>?  <u>Hector</u>.
'Cause this is the cove he obviously lives in.
Why are we landing?
It happens when I land.
It seems like we're getting lower.
And law enforcement, such dangerous work.  The idea that you could die suddenly with no offspring, disconcerting, let's mate, commit your genes to perpetuity.
Thank you.
You're a beautiful woman.
I don't know!
Where is he?!
I see blood.  Maybe you got him, Hank.
I just have this feeling everything's totally safe.
No!
Forget about him being God, he's thirty feet long, he <u>is</u> a miracle of nature, who somehow made his way to Maine.  This is a grand beast. <u>A</u> <u>grand</u> <u>dragon</u>.  An attempt should at least be made to capture him alive.
Gee, that would really disappoint me.
So profound and fat.
You probably <u>do</u> want to be killed by it, that was you trying to meet your maker.
Then do it!!
I can arrest you!!
Raincheck.
That <u>sounds</u> good but underneath it's hurtful.  Nightcap?
I'm tired, Hector.  I know this because you're beginning to not bug me.
Sobek.  Half man, half croc, oldest God--
He didn't eat the kid cause he'd just swallowed a bear.
Just spit him back out.  Some shall live, some shall die, arbitrarily, sound like any higher power we know?
It came from across the lake.
What's that?
<u>Bite</u> <u>my</u> <u>bishop</u>.
Is everything a big fucking joke to you?
Maybe he doesn't play well with others.
Obviously some asshole in Hong Kong flushed him down a toilet.
Asia?  How... how could he get here?
I have no interest in ever looking at you, Hector.  Could you please cut me down?
Promise you won't kill me, first.
You don't want to cut me down. 'Cause I'll kill you.
This is a setback.
I used to have this recurring nightmare that I was headless.
His head was just... bitten off.
Whenever somebody dies I consider it such a waste that I didn't know him better.
Yup.
Was he a good man?
No thank you, but maybe later you can chew the bark off my big fat log.
I brought a pork chop, maybe we could hang it around your neck for luck.
What I'm saying is <u>if</u> it's a crocodile that cut a man in half he would have to be over twenty feet which would make him well over a hundred years old, it would be unthinkable to destroy him.
Is this a trick?
Crocodiles don't sever with their teeth, their molars are blunt.
Again.  Not to be disruptive.  Do we have a problem with it dying?
No crocodile has ever--
That "Walt" guy got hit underwater--
They don't really attack underwater and--
Again, I don't mean to be annoying with my questions.  But if it <u>is</u> a crocodile which I don't think it is.  And if they <u>do</u> charge these baby hatchling sounds...  why exactly would you want to be underwater at the time?  With you it makes sense.
This could end up saving your life,--
I coulda shot you, you--
I keep telling you, they <u>can</u> come on land, I don't wanna wake up in the middle of the night--
A spring trap!
I'm laying a spring trap!
You're crawling around like a--
What are <u>you</u> doing?!
What the hell are you doing?!!
Jesus Christ!!
Deep down, gut check.  I'm growing fond of <u>you</u> and it's liberating to say so.
I do <u>not</u> like you.
And you like me.
You listen to me.  The only reason I'm letting you be part of this is 'cause you got the helicopter and the radar--
No!!  Out!
Could <u>she</u> stay, we've tentatively scheduled intercourse.
Everybody out, back to your tents, <u>now</u>!
They come on land and they're brazen.  They're also attracted to noise, you can see I make a lot of it.
<u>No</u>!!  What's with digging the holes?
Cocktail?
We are here on official business.
Species, keystones affect the entire ecosystem, that could explain all these worms, the water. You've got a crocodile.  Bury your friend.
Keystone what?
Well, you've got a croc alright, they're keystone species.
We'd only just met.
If he's eaten in the area, he shouldn't be far away.  Crocs hang around the food source.
Around here.  Yeah.
They can survive winter.  As long as their nostrils don't freeze, they survive,  am I foolish to explain things, he had such trouble with my name?
And what would he do come winter?
They have saltwater glands, they can swim across oceans, it's only a matter of time.
I really don't mean to be discourteous.  But how is it a person could come to believe that a crocodile is in New England?
C'mon, we're losing light,  why does the big one heckle me?
Mr. Cyr!
They've been migrating north, Kelly, this lake connects to the ocean,--
I apologize, I just don't want to lose the light, we've got time for a quick scout,  you've had work done.
Wait just a second.  You don't just fly in here and start barking orders.
I'll need any and all topographic studies.
--<u>Who</u> <u>is</u> <u>he</u>?
Just those two.
Women's intuition.  Are there anymore?
She didn't tell us about the other croc 'cause she was afraid we'd blow it's head off.
You talk to Bickerman?
You take care.
Yeah and every time we think there's no more danger--
<u>No</u>.  Look.  He's got nothing left.
Tranq guns down, rifles up!
Where is he?
You shoot on my order.  If he charges, I'll be yelling "go" which means drivers take off.  And drive fast, they can move on land.  You set?
Thank you, Jack.
Almost here, Hector.  Don't forget to lift up the cow.
Okay.  Lead him in.  Okay, everybody up on the trucks. We aim for the stomach or side... there's little chance the darts will pierce his hide.  <u>Everybody</u> <u>up</u> <u>on</u> <u>the</u> <u>trucks</u>.
Radar, he's underwater.  But he's definitely coming.
Can you confirm visually or just radar?
Thirty meters or so.  Moving slow, but straight toward Elsie.
Where?  Where?
You do?
I got something on the screen.
We're ready.
You ready on shore?
The more he thrashes, the better.
Right.
Keep enough tension to hold him up, Hector, we don't know if he can swim.
That's actually the easy part.
And again.  How would you get him on land?
We both know what they'll do.
So maybe Wildlife will try to save him, they're more equipped to--
Jack.  We've all seen it.  He's probably a hundred and fifty years old, he's bigger than an elephant.
No way.
Look.  I know I'm crazy, but when they come, they will kill it.  They have to, politically, he's too dangerous, if something were to go wrong... the odds are he will be destroyed,--
<u>Forget</u> <u>it</u>.
I have enough flaxedil with me to put him out.  And I think I know a way to--
Well, you can try talking them into that, if--
'Cause he just ate a cow, you stupid--
Let's not overlook he didn't eat me, maybe--
Hey!!
Bastard bit my chopper.
This time, <u>I'm</u> gonna kick your ass.
Get the gun.
He never said "go".
Get your big gun and guard the shore.  Hector.  Go to your tent.
At school they'd always say "go" first.
And Hank.  I know you weren't really trying to hit him.
Yeah.  Thanks to you.
He's gonna live?
Yeah, you got bit.  I'm gonna fix it.
Guess I finally got bit.
You're gonna be okay.
You're not okay, your leg's a mess.
I'm okay.
We lure him on land and pump him with the drugs.
And how would we neutralize him?
They won't.  He's taken human life, the mission will be to put him down.
They could try to tranq him on land.
They're not going to be able to snag him in pitmans.  Tranq him in water, he drowns.
Could we have intercourse?
What?
Yes.  You may.  But maybe... I don't know...
Can I tell them you won't go back in the water?
Eh.  Fuck it.
No.
Didn't even <u>sound</u> good?
Oh, bullshit.
I'm an empty man, Kelly, wealth has robbed me of the dream in life, I sit here broken, a hollow sack--
I'm no psychiatrist.  But I would think there have to be better places to look for autonomy, than--
With crocodiles... everything's even.
<u>Nothing's</u> real.  I'm rich, people are automatically my friends, sycophants ooze out like oil slicks and and and--
Excuse me?
Nothing's real.
Hector.  What you just did... there was at least some sort of a death wish going on.
You think I'm <u>that</u> nuts?
<u>Did</u> you want to be killed by it?
I'm a civilian!  You don't have any authority--
<u>Jack</u>!
Scales were oval.  It was an <u>Asian</u> crocodile.
Are you sure?
He was an Indo-pacific.
As if.  Will you miss me?
What?  Oh as <u>if</u> I'm interested.
Two years married, divorced, used to be a lawyer, quit, I'm still waiting on his sperm count.
I'm just saying last resort.
And what if I tranq him Kelly?  He drowns.  You think about that?
You <u>should</u> take a flax pole.
U.S. Wildlife won't send anybody without a confirmation.
Such the flirt.
What's going on?
None of us actually <u>saw</u> anything.  I realize this Sir, but something flipped us over, I doubt very much it was a mink.
<u>Hector</u>.
'Cept he wasn't before, was he?  You know, when friends or family members say things, they tend not to register so sometimes it helps to hear it from a total stranger. You're fat.
But they're nighttime hunters, Hector, he'd probably be on land now anyway.
Even so, you're allowed to boast. You look thin by the way, I've mentally undressed you, I can see your ribcage.
I never had sex with you!
If he's here, I'll find him.  Did she tell you we had sex together?
That hurt my feelings.
Hector.  The big one has no sense of humor.  And since <u>he's</u> the one who decides whether you get to play, try not to be your obnoxious self.
Good thinking.
That was... y'know if the guy asks me can she kiss, now I'll be able to tell him if you can.
Probably not.
Worth a try.  We don't wanna be alone forever, do we?
You think?
So I was thinking... maybe if I met anybody in <u>my</u> world who was good for <u>you</u> and if you know somebody in New York good for me, we could fix each other up.
No.
Yeah, I thought about that as I was driving... and... I haven't found somebody in my world.  You found anyone in yours?
Different worlds, Jack.
Likewise.
It was... something meeting you.
But we do.  Hey, we'll always have Maine.
Y'know, if we didn't live in separate worlds and... 
Yeah.
If I'm ever in New York...
No, I actually <u>want</u> to stay for a little while.
You sure?  I don't mind...
You wanna ride in my truck?
Well...
He heeds a tourniquet.
Get him onto shore.
I don't care.  Hank.  End it.
He's through fighting.  Look at him.
Back us in a little, we need to get a shot!
We gotta get to Hector!!
Take him.
Hector!!
Keep firing!
Watch out!!
You wouldn't?
He's mooing.
Hector.
He's floating.  Take it home.
He doesn't seem to be swimming.  Is he swimming?
He looks like a giant tea bag.
He <u>has</u> been going after everything. It <u>could</u> work.  But this is not a happy cow.
It can't work.
We've got a cow hanging from a helicopter.
Well...
Are we crazy?
Good idea.
We might as well pack.
Okay.
Just heard from Wildlife and Florida Fish And Game.  They should be here by four.
<u>No</u>!  You might think they're Godly, you might get some spiritual lift backstrokin' with dragons but you just put a deputy at risk and--
Alright, Jack!
You wanna kill yourself, that it, you looking to commit some kind of divine suicide?
Look.
What?
<u>Calm</u> <u>down</u>.
You calm down!
Calm down.
<u>No</u>.  I keep getting hit with heads!
Really--
<u>That</u> <u>is</u> <u>it</u>!!
Okay.  Okay.  Okay.
<u>I'm</u> <u>not</u> <u>mushing</u> <u>it</u>.
You're mushing it a little around the--
I'm not mushing it.
Maybe.  Don't mush it.
Thing we can lift it?
I heard something.
What?
Ssssh!
I'm gonna get ticks.  I know it. They're drawn to me.  I got a thing about ticks.
We could <u>not</u> say it and...  Well, that thing is ambulatory if you want somebody in your tent to...
We seem to say goodnight a lot.
Well.  Goodnight.
Night.
Thanks for the... bandaid.
Maybe.  I've always <u>read</u> about what's happened.  I've never... I know it sounds silly but, it's nice to be someplace <u>while</u> something is actually... y'know... happening.
That's why you're here.  To get in the middle of something?
What?  Why... people have been killed, I hardly think I'm having a good time, why would...  Does it show?
You're having the best time of your life, aren't you?
Thank you.
Keep it dry.  No swimming.
No thanks.
Father's a surgeon.  I can even stitch in a pinch, wouldn't be a bad idea here.
Who taught you be be a nurse?
Just gotta pull it a little tighter.
<u>Ow</u>.  Shit.
It's okay.
Sorry.
Let's get away from the shore.
I wonder if he's some kind of mutant.  That bear had to be surprised.
I couldn't believe... did you see the size of that thing's mouth?
Yeah.  I got some stuff for your cut.
Like little children.  You okay?
But why <u>Maine</u> and why alone?  Crocs are social, why's this guy on the move by himself?
Why he's that <u>big</u>, I don't know. Why he's <u>here</u>... the wetlands are being developed, crocodiles are moving.  Australia, Fiji, the things have started to cross oceans.
Just forget it.
A man just died, you're hitting on me with science.
I was trying to pay you a compliment, I was guising it as science 'cause I know you're comfortable in that arena. Science.
You <u>did</u>, you--
I didn't say it like that.
Nice?  Nice would be "you look pretty," nice is not some man- eating monster has tricked my brain into making you look good.
Forgive me for trying to be nice.
Gee, that was so poetic, Jack.  I'm all moist.
I'm saying between the moonlight, a beautiful lake <u>and</u> a monster that bites heads off... you look good.
What are you talking about?
When you get scared, the brain releases a chemical, same chemical it releases when somebody's...  in high school, the thing to do was to take the girl to a scary movie.
Excuse me?
You know they say the brain confuses fear for passion.
I thought I might track the shoreline tomorrow, look for prints.
Hard to believe there could be a monster under such peacefulness.
Um... y'know...  Yeah.
<u>Are</u> you okay?
Police want to keep it quiet, if the press gets word... lake monster.  They just want us to sit tight.
That's probably good.
No.  U.S. Wildlife is on their way.
Yeah.  Nobody saw <u>anything</u>?
You okay?  Kelly?
Good luck.
Good.  See ya soon.
They respond pretty quick.  I'll wait till you get down before I turn it on.
In his defense, every primitive culture known to man deified them. He's a mythology professor, he thinks crocs are divine conduits.
He thinks they're what?
'Night.
Good.
Okay.  We're up at six.
I'm sorry but you're...
That was an awful thing to say to me.
I am going out on that boat and why are you picking on me, is this some kind of--
You flew up here because your boss--
I didn't fly up here to roast marshmallows--
It's too dangerous for--
I am <u>not</u> staying on shore.
Whatever's out there <u>did</u> flip over a canoe--
I beg your pardon?
Listen, uh... Hank and I think it best if you stay on shore.
Skipping stones.  Look how flat that water is, you can get ten skips on a good one.
What are you doing?
I'd be able to see something.
He could be right there and you wouldn't see him.
Because they just consult their little indigenous charts.
If one could be out there... why does Fish And Game tell me it's impossible?
Adult males will charge hatchlings. If there's one out there...
Baby crocs?
Well until we see it, we're not gonna be convincing too many people.
<u>Something's</u> in that water.
Same thing from Fish And Game.
There <u>have</u> been Northern sightings. But not <u>this</u> North.
In Maine?
Hector Cyr.  He's a rich kook mythology professor.  He's done some work with our museum.  He also treks the world to swim with crocodiles.
Who?
If this is who I <u>think</u> it is.  It <u>is</u>.
What?
Oh my God.
I've come, I'm here, I'm staying. Unless there are ticks.
Well.  You don't have to <u>stay</u> out <u>here</u>, why don't--
I'm not making it up.
You don't like tents, mosquitos, look at your fingernails, you have about as much business being in the woods--
So I don't like tents, why--
And even if they <u>did</u>, I doubt <u>he</u> or <u>she</u> would have problems with <u>tents</u>.
How would <u>you</u> know, what--
The Museum of Natural History doesn't send out investigators to--
I <u>told</u> you.
Why are you here?  Really.
I was told they discriminate against people with hygiene.  I never <u>believed</u> it.
Never been to Maine before?
It really is beautiful, isn't it?
Hank <u>says</u> he's sure.
And they're sure he didn't get tangled under the outboard somehow?
Big but... a bear couldn't do that to a moose or man in <u>water</u>.  On <u>land</u> maybe.  But...
How big do the bears get?
Ma'am, your first impression isn't going well.
Excuse me.  One other thing, it's a <u>small</u> point, but... I have a thing about being humored, and I'm feeling humored, more by <u>him</u>, but you seemed quick to join in.
Yes, it <u>did</u> seem prehistoric but I'm sure he just carried the thing for luck.  Not that it <u>worked</u>, obviously.  It probably somehow got lodged into his body.
Did you make anything of the tooth?
Are we all museum bigots in Maine?
Jack Wells.  A museum sent you?
Kelly Scott.
You too.
Thanks for your help.
Don't count on it.  We better take him out.
He's done.  He's dying.
Hector.  <u>Do</u> <u>not</u> <u>move</u>.
I'll take it!
If you get a safe shot...
Where is he?!
I can't.  I'll get Hector!!
Other than to eat us?
Even if we <u>could</u> tranq him-- how would we get him on land.
<u>You</u> <u>gotta</u> <u>be</u> <u>kidding</u>.
Now I'm gonna puke.
So does he.
They won't be here till at least noon.  We got a few hours to kill.
We shouldn't even really be doing this.
Get back from the shore.  We know how fast he can leap out.
Obviously I was wrong!
You said nobody came in here!
Alright, Ms. Paleontologist.  I wanna know why that monster is here.  You got a theory?
Hank.  The little cannon you brought, get it.  Guard the shoreline.  Otherwise, we're done. We made the I.D., our job is finished.
They look like they're jumping.
Doesn't <u>look</u> like it.
Are they feeding?
White perch.
What's that?
I'll call the coroner.
You gonna dig up that lady's husband?
Half mile up, there's a clearing.
Let's go.
I'm ready when you are.
Ready.  A museum in New York sent us some additional back up.
We set?
I guess.
I'm sure this would offend you on principal but... could we keep in touch?
Wait.
Should I?
I don't know.  Back the truck--
Did you get him?
That it's about to go wrong.
Such a simple idea and it's working.  What does that tell you?
They're coming right in.
She's worried about the cow now.
If he gets close, you go <u>up</u>, Hector, don't you endanger that cow.
Look ten feet into the water.
What?
What is she doing <u>now</u>?  <u>Mother</u> <u>of</u> <u>God</u>.
Look.
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
He said he knew Karate!
Hank!
Other than feeling slightly embarrassed, I'm perfectly fine.  Could you cut me down?
Are you okay?
Yes.
Hank?
I think.  My hair.  Where's Hector?!  Where is he?
Are you alright?
I don't know.  It was like a tug. Something tugged us.
What was that?
<u>That</u> was a bust.
Hector, Jack, we show you with about twelve minutes of oxygen left, and you're on the last tank. Time to go home.
Well.  He's probably rugged handsome I guess.  Yeah.
I'm just curious.  I can never tell what women think is handsome.  Is he handsome?
What is this?
You think Jack's handsome?
Well Hector's a giant cracker.
Hector thinks you like him.
<u>What</u>?  I don't even <u>know</u> the guy.
You like Jack?
He said he knew it when he looked into their eyes.
And that's why he thinks they're Godly?
He may be a kook but he's also been all over the world with them.  He even swam in the Grimetti with killer Niles all around him, he never got nipped.
I asked you to be nice to him.
Was that like a homo-sexual remark?
I'm sorry.
Why does everybody insult my intelligence, I have intelligence, intelligent people eat Twinkies.
It's to make you <u>understand</u> him, with understanding comes tolerance. Too bad they don't put proverbs in Twinkies, my load would be lighter.
Is this 'spose to make me take him more serious?
<u>Apologize</u>?
You hurt his feelings.  I think you should go apologize.
Thank you, it's so rewarding to imagine my tax dollar finding its way to you, you Fucker. 
They don't believe her.
Crocodiles.  He's an expert on them.  And if he's <u>here</u>... then he must think that's what's in this lake.
With what?
I just let go of it.
You threw it at me!!
Hey!!
It looks like a branch.
I thought I saw...
What?
What the hell?
Yes, <u>camp</u>, I thought that meant Holiday Inn, I never heard "tents", will there be toilets?
I told you.  Two days, we'd have to camp.
We're staying in <u>tents</u>?
The tents were sent ahead, they should already be set-up.
Gee.
They wanted to call it Lake Placid. But somebody said that name was taken.
What is with this lake?  It looks black and... there are no waves or anything.
Sheriff.
Was he swallowed?
We don't mean to invade your privacy but... was he ill, was he sick?
It's just that--
You're sort of a rude person.
And you stock these things for what, to fend off Russia?
Lightweight Forward Area air device unit.  Whatever's out there, one shot with this and he's dead.
<u>What</u> <u>is</u> <u>that</u>?
Ever even been <u>in</u> one?
I got nothing against--
You have a thing against museums?
Sorry.  I'm just a little unclear as to why the Museum of Natural History would send somebody here.
What?
<u>We</u>?
What kind of backup do we have?
Not yet.
You talk to the married couple?
Nobody lives within twenty-five miles, 'cept some old couple who live right on the lake.  Teenagers trek in every once in a while, none have disappeared, and none have spotted anything unusual.
Okay.  And is there a place nearby I could go to vomit?
Yes.
And this is how he came to the boat?
Seconds.  Three, four.
This... how long did this attack go on for?
I can look at dead things.
This is a little different.
Well.  At wakes.
Have you ever seen a dead body before, Ms. Scott?
I'm fine, thank you.
I wouldn't.
Um.  No, no.  Let's go.
That's where they keep them.  You want me to bring the tooth out here?
Is the dead guy in there?
Yes.
<u>There</u>?  That's the morgue.
The lake was dead calm until up he came.  The tooth is in there.
And you didn't see <u>anything</u>?
He just kinda gurgled.  He was pretty much dead.
Did he say anything?
He just came up screaming.
<u>I</u> <u>am</u> <u>not</u> <u>going</u> <u>to</u> <u>Maine</u>.  That's ridiculous.
<u>Kelly</u>--
I never do field work and even if I did, <u>Maine</u>, to look at a tooth of a <u>dinosaur</u> who bit somebody, couldn't you dream up something--
It has nothing to do with--
This was Myra's idea, wasn't it? Get me out of the office for a few days, until--
Well on this one I'd like you to be.
I'm not even a field person.
Part of our research--
I'm not going to Maine, I won't even go west of Forty-third Street--
Kelly--
Are you on drugs?
I'd like you to check out this lake.  See--
This is what we do?
I'm sure it's nothing, but you're a paleontologist, this is what we do, I--
Sorry?
I want you to go there.
Oh, well then I'm sure that's it, he got killed by a dinosaur, anything else?
A tooth they say couldn't have come from any bear.  They say it looks prehistoric.  Like maybe a dinosaur.
A tooth?
This is business.  There was an accident in Maine, some guy got killed by something in a lake.  Probably a bear, but... they found a tooth.
Kevin.  How's it going, what's happenin', family good, great, nice to catch up, get out.
Hey.
Yes, well...  famished.
It's ten after nine.
<u>Oh</u>...  No, no, I'm not angry I'm not, I'm just thrown, I'm...  I actually have an early lunch, so...
A jerk.
Oh.  Oh.  That's okay.  Well.  This uh... this probably wasn't meant to be, y'know.  I mean, I'm... God, I gotta be ten years younger and you, <u>you</u>... you're y'know...
Else.
Yeah, that part.  There's... somebody who's um...
The somebody else part?
Kevin, as long as we...  What was that last part?
I know and I thought I could handle it but work and pleasure along with somebody else, it's a dangerous mix.
I was working for you when "us" started, what's--
You work for me.  I'm not comfortable with-- y'know, "us"...
That's not what you came to say.
Me too.
I had a great time last night. Again.
Absolutely.
Hi.  Listen.  Could I steal you a second?
Kevin, hey.
Kelly.
I really... I should get back.
Shitbutt?
Myra.
Liar?
No.
Backstabber?
I'm not upset, Myra, okay.  I just never thought of you as a y'know...
Kelly--
You don't know what to say, lucky for you action speaks louder than words.
It wasn't suppose to happen, I don't know what to say...
You and Kevin.
It was just a quick thing which we thought was over, and and...
<u>You</u>?
It started <u>before</u> you, Kelly, I never would've--
<u>You</u>?
Well... he didn't have to tell me that part.
Really?  I never realized he was so psychic, how could he detect that, did he tell you there's somebody else?
Kevin told me you were upset.
I don't like to be scared, Myra, I have a thing about fright, don't ever scare me.
Wild guess.
Well you <u>shouldn't</u> have.  How did you even know where I was.
I <u>tapped</u> you.
What do you expect, mugging me from behind?
Agent Mapp! Thank you!
Agent Starling! Telephone!
He knew her...!
Hot damn, Clarice.
"- every day."
But why? He didn't weight the others.
'Cause she didn't drift. He weighted her down.
Fredrica Bimmel, from Belvedere, Ohio. The first girl taken, but the third body found... Why?
The one that was weighted down. Where is she...? Fred something.
What girl?
Well, except for the one girl.
But there is no pattern. There's no connection at all among these places, or the computers would've nailed it! They're even found in random order.
Not random at all, maybe. Like there's some pattern here...?
"Desperately random." What does he mean?
He's here, Ardelia.
Lecter said a lot of things.
The worst part - the thing that's making me crazy - is that Bill is right in front of me. Only I can't see him...  Lecter said, everything I need to catch him is right here, in these pages...
Clarice - you did the best anybody could have for Catherine Martin. You stuck your neck out for her and you got your butt kicked for her and you tried. It's not your fault it ended this way.
It would be rude. And he wouldn't get to ask any more questions...
Why not?
No. He won't come after me.
Somebody's coaching her... They're trying to make him see Catherine as a person - not just an object.
Why does she keep repeating the name?
Boy, is that smart...
Pleading with a crazy man, with come all over my face.
You missed Fourth Amendment law. Unlawful seizure, real juicy stuff. Where were you all afternoon?
Thanks, Ardelia.
Phone call, Clarice. It's God.
Stay cool. Just remember to call him "God."
What'd I do?
I love it when you talk dirty.
Never cock. Just squeeze.
Damn, Clarice, how'd you make me?
Listen, I hope you never need a thing I've taught you. But you've got something... Jack sees it, I do too. If you ever need to, you can shoot.
I will... I promise.
Wear it, don't ever leave it in your purse. Dry fire it whenever you get the chance. And do your exercises.
He's got a lot on his mind besides Buffalo Bill... His wife, Bella, is real sick. Comatose... I'm tellin' you about it now, 'cause he may never.
Sometimes.
Jack's pretty tough on you, isn't he? Impatient...
I'll need the big fingerprint kit... and the one-to-one Polaroid, the CU- 5, with film packs and batteries.
Some fishermen in West Virginia found an unidentified girl's body. It's a Buffalo Bill-type situation. Been in the water about a week, and Jack needs somebody that can print a floater. Think you can handle it?
Where?
Get your field gear, take stuff for overnight. You're goin' with Crawford.
Shut UP!  The other officers will be here any minute! you're perfectly safe now!
NOOOOO! You fucking bitch don't you LEAVE ME down here, DON'T YOU - YOU
Catherine. Listen to me. I have to find a rope. I have to leave this room, just for a minute, but -
I don't know! Get me out!!
I'll get you out! Just be quiet so I can hear. Shut that dog up.  Is there a ladder? Is there a rope?
Get me out!
You're all right! Where is he?
Safe, SHIT, he's got a gun! Getmeout. GET ME OUT!
FBI, Catherine, you're safe.
He's my patient! I have rights!  I'm not just some turnkey, Miss Starling. I shouldn't even be here this afternoon. I had a ticket to Holiday on Ice.
Dr. Chilton, I told you - this is just routine follow-up on the Raspail case.
What you're doing, Miss Starling, is coming into my hospital to conduct an interview, and refusing to share information with me. For the third time!
But then I would've missed the pleasure of your company.
You might have suggested that in my office, and saved me the time.
Dr. Chilton - if Lecter feels you're his enemy - as you've said - then maybe I'll have more luck by myself. What do you think?
I'm going to show you why we insist on such precautions... On the afternoon of July 8, 1981, he complained of chest pains and was taken to the dispensary. His mouthpiece and restraints were removed for an EKG. When the nurse bent over him, he did this to her...
I understand.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pens or pencils. No staples or paperclips in his paper. Use the sliding food carrier, no exceptions. Do not accept anything he attempts to hold out to you. Do you understand me?
Good. Then you should be able to remember the rules.
I graduated magna from UVA, Doctor. It's not a charm school.
A pretty young woman, to turn him on? I don't believe Lecter's ever seen a woman in eight years. And oh, are you ever his "taste" - so to speak.
How do you mean, Dr. Chilton?
Lecter carved up nine people - that we're sure of - and cooked his favorite bits. We've tried to study him, of course - but he's much too sophisticated for the standard tests. And my, does he hate us! Thinks I'm his nemesis... Crawford's very clever, isn't he? Using you.
I see.  Let's make this quick, then. I'm busy.
I'm sure it's a great town, Dr. Chilton, but my instructions are to talk to Lecter and report back this afternoon.
The market in Lecter hints is way down, today, okay? I've got two good men dead in Memphis, and three civilians. I've got -
But then he had to cover up, make her seem just like all the rest of them. That's what Lecter was hinting!
Starling -
Maybe he lives in this, this Belvedere, Ohio, too! Maybe he saw her every day, and killed her sort of spontaneously. Maybe he just meant to... give her a 7-Up and talk about the choir. But then -
Yes sir. I can find it by myself.
Do you need a police escort, Starling? Or do you think you can find the airport by yourself?
Sir, doesn't this "William Rubin" strike you as - I don't know - kind of vague?
He gave us a perfectly good description, and we're on it now, so we won't be needing your little novelty act any longer - or his, either. He's under close guard at the courthouse, pending a prison transfer. The next plane, Officer.
Lecter has already named Buffalo Bill.
Mr. Krendler... Dr. Lecter trusts me. Or at least, he used to. If I could just -
Gun. Jesus. Turn in the ID as soon as you get back. The gun, too. Be on the next plane, Starling, there's one in 90 minutes.
I need the ID to fly with my gun. The gun belongs in Quantico.
Your instructions are what I'm giving you now. Jack Crawford answers to the Director, and the Director answers to me. My God, Crawford's losing it...! He shouldn't even be on this, with his wife sick as she is... How the hell did you get in here, anyway? He gave you - what? Some kind of special ID? Let's have it.
Sir, Mr. Crawford instructed me -
You're out of line, Starling, and you're off this case. Back to Quantico.
Not yet! - just wait for me.  Maybe in about two seconds.
Oh my! Oh my... Maybe you better come out now, Miss Starling.
Mr. Yow? Oh Mr. Yow...? It looks like somebody is sitting in this car.
Oh.
That wasn't me.
You're playing a piano, Miss Starling?
Okay, Mr. Yow...
Okay, Miss Starling?
Good idea.
Might I suggest tucking your pants into your socks? To prevent mouse intrusion.
Mr. Yow, if this door should fall down -ha ha! - or anything else - would you be kind enough to call this number? It's our Baltimore field office. They know you're here with me... Do you understand?
I won't disturb anything, Mr. Yow, I promise. Be gone before you know it.
Not to my knowledge. Privacy is a great concern to my customers. But, if you say this is an FBI matter...
Did she leave any records here? Tax or business records? Maybe a list of employees?
Yes. I bought the house from her, two years ago.
Mr. Gordon, did you take over this place after Mrs. Lippman died?
I think we may be, yes.
Are they close to catching somebody, do you think?
Thanks.
Mrs. Lippman had a son, maybe he could help you. I have his card somewhere. Do you mind stepping inside, while I looks for it?
No. Wait... Was she a great, fat person? I may have seen her, I'm not sure...
Mr. Gordon, did you know Fredrica when she worked for Mrs. Lippman?
Jack Gordon.
I'm investigating the death of Fredrica Bimmel. Who are you, please?
Just briefly. What's the problem, Officer?
Excuse me, but I really do need to talk to you. This was Mrs. Lippman's house. Did you know her?
Yes sir. Thank you, sir...
Starling - you've earned back your place in the Academy. We never would've found him without you, and nobody's ever going to forget that. Least of all me.
Yes sir... I'll do my best.
No, Starling, there isn't time. And you've still got crucial work to do in Ohio. We want him for murder, not kidnapping. I'm counting on you to link him to the Bimmel girl, before he's indicted.
Chicago's only about 400 miles from here. I could be there in -
Take a bow. Customs had some paper on his alias. They stopped a carton two years ago at LAX - live caterpillars from Surinam. The addressee was "John Grant." Calumet Power & Light's given us two possible residences under that alias. We're hitting one, Chicago SWAT's taking the other.
Sewing...
This Gumb's a real beauty. Slaughtered both his grandparents when he was twelve, and did nine years in juvenile psychiatric. Where, Starling, he took vocational rehab, and learned a useful trade...
Johns Hopkins finally came up with a name for us. We fed him into Known Offenders, and he came up cherries.  Subject's name is "Jamie Gumb," AKA "John Grant." Lecter's description was accurate, he just lied about the name.
Sir, that's great news. But how -
Where?
Starling, we know who he is! And where he is. We're on our way now.
That's why they're all so big - because he needs a lot of skin! He keeps them alive to starve them awhile - to loosen their skin, so that -
Starling -
He's making himself a "woman suit," Mr. Crawford - out of real women! And he can sew, this guy, he's really skilled. A dressmaker, or a tailor -
He's going to kill her, Mr. Crawford. This morning, or maybe at noon, but today, and Belvedere's our last chance. I'm flying there, right now, unless you stop me. You want my ID? Here - take it...
With ID and a gun...? Impersonating a federal agent is a felony.
But I just became a private citizen. I can go anywhere I want to.
I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I won't disobey orders, not even now.
But not from this angle. Not thinking he knew her. You've got to send me!
Ohio is cold ground. Picked over, ten months ago. Our people worked it, so did the locals.
You do until six p.m.
You heard them. I don't have that authority anymore.
All his victims are women... His obsession is women, he lives to hunt women. But not one women is hunting him - except me. I can walk in a woman's room and know three times as much about her as a man would.  I have to go to Belvedere.
They'll use their best men. But they better be paying attention...
Mr. Crawford... can those cops down there handle Dr. Lecter?
Good idea. Meantime, try to get a feel for Catherine Martin. Her apartment, her friends... how he might've stalked her. I'm going to the other two clinics, Minnesota and Ohio.  Now's the hardest part, Starling. Use your anger, don't let it keep you from thinking. Just keep your eyes on Catherine. We've got less than 30 hours.
I lied to Lecter. I'll need some kind of peace offering... Can I get the drawings from his cell?
Or just as worthless. But I want you in Memphis, close to him. Maybe when he gets tired of toying with Senator Martin, he'll talk to you again. There's a plane waiting for you now at the airstrip.
Lecter is still the key, I know he is. Whatever he told me about Bill is just as good now as it was before.
If you didn't want me chasing him, you shouldn't have taken me to that funeral home.
I'm 53, Starling. If I found Jimmy Hoffa on national TV, I'd still have to retire in two years. It's not a consideration. But you are...  You've done enough. If I keep you out of school any longer, you'll be recycled. Cost you six months, at least. I can guarantee you readmission here, but that's about it.  Now's your chance, Starling. Go back to class. Leave Bill to me.
Are you in trouble over this, Mr. Crawford? Can Senator Martin do something to you?
Let's get some coffee and talk.
Chilton has killed her, hasn't he? That slimy little bastard! We were so close with Lecter - and now her last chance is gone.
She doesn't know what we're up to. And we can't afford to let her find out.
You'll back me up with some paperwork?  Then I'll try. But wouldn't this have more weight coming from the Senator herself?
State to federal jurisdiction... We can do it - eventually - but we'll never get all the clearances in time. Can you convince him a deal's already in place?
Transfer to a new prison. With a view of trees, he said, or even water... Can we swing that?
What would it take?
I think he means it, this time. I think he'll deal.
If we act too anxious, he'll make us wait. He'll let the Senator keep hoping, day after day, until Catherine finally washes up. That'd be the most fun of all.
But if he knew we have so little time -
He offered to help, Starling, not to snitch. That wouldn't give him enough chance to show off. Remember, Lecter looks mainly for fun. Never forget fun.
He's already offered to help... What would happen if we just showed our cards - asked him for Bill?
But for Catherine Martin, it all comes down to you and Lecter. You're the one he talks to.
Raspail was killed by the same man who's killing these girls. And Lecter knows him. Maybe even treated him... You think so, too, don't you? Or you'd never have sent me to that asylum.
You seem pretty sure of that.
Then have the lab check Raspail's head.  Dr. Lecter's patient - have them probe his soft-palette tissues... They'll find another cocoon.
The other girls are in the ground. Exhumations are upsetting for the families. I'll do it if I have to, but -
I'm wondering if he's done that before - placed a cocoon, or an insect. It would be easy to miss in an autopsy, especially with a floater... Can we check back on that?
When we get back, I want you to run that bug by the Smithsonian, see if they can identify it. Maybe it's got some limited range, or it only breeds at certain times of year... You found it, Starling, you deserve the credit.
Point taken.
It matters, Mr. Crawford... Other cops know who you are. They look at you to see how to act... It matters.
When I told that sheriff we shouldn't talk in front of a woman, that really burned you, didn't it?  That was just smoke, Starling, I had to get rid of him. You did well in there.
They weren't there. Get close-ups.
I don't know. I didn't see those on any of the other girls...
Well, she's not local. Her ears are pierced three times each, and she's wearing green glitter nail polish. Looks like town to me...
What do you see, Starling?
He starts this - buzzing in me, in my head. He makes me feel violated... You used me, Mr. Crawford.
Are you finished?
You knew. You knew from the start that Lecter held the key to this... But you weren't up front with me. You sent me in to him naked.
What should I say? You did fine work. We'll wait on the lab.
You haven't said a word today about that garage. Or what I found there.
Okay, Starling. Let's have it.
Like I have a "knack" for Dr. Lecter?
Maybe you've got a knack for this... I guess we're about to find out.
He's got a real taste for it now. And he's getting better at his work.
Why not?
What he does with them - takes privacy... Time, tools... He's in his 30's or 40's - he's got real physical strength, but combined with an older man's self-control. He's cautious, precise, never impulsive... This won't end in suicide, like they often do.
Why?
He's a white male... Serial killers tend to hunt within their own ethnic group. And he's not a drifter - he's got his own house, somewhere. Not an apartment.
Talk about him, Starling. Tell me what you see.
Good idea, but he thought of it, too. We've run simulations, using different vectors and the best dates we can assign. You put it all in the computer, and smoke comes out. No, this one is different. This one has seen us coming...
There's no correlation at all between where they're kidnapped and where they're found...?  What if - what if you trace the heaviest-traffic routes backwards from the dump sites? Do they converge at all?
Blue square for Belvedere, Ohio, where the Bimmel girl was abducted. Blue triangle where her body was found - down here in Missouri. Same marks for the other four girls, in different colors. This new one, today... washed up here.  Elk River, in West Virginia, about six miles below U.S. 79. Real boonies.
You don't have to feel any way about it. Lecter did it to amuse himself. Why not, what can they do? Take away his books for awhile, and no jello...  I know it got ugly today. But this is your report, Starling - take it as far as you can. On your own time, outside of class. Now carry on.
I'm here, sir, I just - I don't know how to feel about it.
The orderly heard Lecter whispering to him, all afternoon, and Miggs crying. They found him at bed check. He'd swallowed his own tongue... Chilton is scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit, and he's trying to blame it on you. I told the little prick your conduct was flawless.  Starling...?
Murdered...? How?
Miggs has been murdered.
Sir, what is it? There's something you're not telling me.
Then do that, Starling. Do just exactly that.
To complete and file my report by 0800 Wednesday. But sir -
Do you recall my instructions to you, Starling? What were they?
Sir, that's a field job. It's outside the scope of my assignment. And I've got a test tomorrow on -
Well? Why aren't you there right now?
I spent all evening on the mainframe. Lecter altered or destroyed most of his patient histories, prior to capture. No record of anyone named Mofet. But "Split City" sounded like it might have have something to do with divorce. I tracked it down in the library's catalogue of national yellow pages.  It's a mini-storage facility outside Baltimore, where Lecter had his practice.
He mentioned a name, at the very end. "Mofet..." Any followup on her?
Right down to the kleenex I used.  Sir, why? Is something wrong?
Every word, Starling? Every gesture?
It's all there, sir, practically verbatim.
I've read your interim memo on Lecter. You sure you've left nothing out?
And what is that, sir?
Be very careful with Hannibal Lecter. Dr. Chilton at the asylum will go over the physical procedures used with him. Do not deviate from them, for any reason. You tell him nothing personal, Starling. Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head... Just do your job, but never forget what he is.
Yes sir.
Now. I want your full attention, Starling. Are you listening to me?
You're qualified and available. And frankly, I can't spare a real agent right now.
Yes, well... Okay, right. I'm glad for the chance, sir, but - why me?
The psychiatrist - Dr. Hannibal Lecter.
Who's the subject?
You see, the one we want most refuses to cooperate. I want you to go after him again today, in the asylum.
Not yet.
We're trying to interview all of the serial killers now in custody, for a psychobehavioral profile. Could be a big help in unsolved cases. Most of them have been happy to talk to us. They have a compulsion to boast, these people... Do you spook easily, Starling?
A job's come up and I thought about you. Not really a job, more of - an interesting errand. Walk me to my car, Starling.
I hope so. They haven't posted anything.
Your instructors tell me you're doing well. Top quarter of the class.
Good morning, Mr. Crawford.
Starling, Clarice M., good morning.
Dr. Lecter...
They live in Malaysia. In this country, they'd have to be specially raised, from imported eggs.
And there's no way - no natural way - these could've wound up in the bodies?
Not lately. But maybe someday.
Ever get out for cheeseburgers and beer? The amusing house wine...?
I try to be a student, Dr. Pilcher.
What do you do when you're not detecting, Officer Starling?
Freddie was so happy for me when I got this job. This - toaster giveaways, and Barry Manilow on the speakers all day - she thought this was really hot shit. What did she know, big dummy...
Sometimes you do.
You get to travel around and stuff? I mean, better places then this?
I think so.
Is that a pretty good job, FBI agent?
She died. She went to Florida to retire, like two years ago? She dies own there.
Where does Mrs. Lippman live? I'd like to talk to her.
Oh sure, me'n Pam Malavesi used to help her do alterations for old Mrs. Lippman. Lots of people worked for her, she had the business from all these retail stores? But she was like, totally old, it was more'n she could handle.
Did you ever work with her?
No way. She had a guy, I'da known, believe me. Sewing was her life, she was really great at it. Poor Freddie.
Stacy, did Fredrica ever mention a man named Jamie Gumb? Or John Grant?  Do you think she could've had a friend you didn't know about?
They said she was just rags, like somebody -
Goodbye, Clarice...  You looked - so very lovely today, in your blue suit.
You know I can't make that promise.
I have no plans to call on you, Clarice, the world being more interesting with you in it. Be sure you extend me the same courtesy.
Dr. Lecter -
Your lambs are still for now, Clarice, but not forever... You'll have to earn it again and again, this blessed silence. Because it's the plight that drives you, and the plight will never end.
Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming...?
Starling.
Promise...?  Then why not take your case file? I won't be needing it anymore.
Yes. I'll tell you.
Brave Clarice. Will you let me know if ever the lambs stop screaming?
Dr. Chilton... I believe you know each other?
Tell me his name, Dr. Lecter.
Thank you, Clarice.
Yes! I don't know...! I don't know.
Do you think if you saved Catherine, you could make them stop...? Do you think, if Catherine lives, you won't wake up in the dark, ever again, to the screaming of the lambs? Do you...?
Yes...
You still wake up sometimes, don't you? Wake up in the dark, with the lambs screaming?
But what became of your lamb?  Clarice...?
I didn't get more than a few miles before the sheriff's car found me. The rancher was so angry he sent me to live at the Lutheran orphanage in Bozeman. I never saw the ranch again...
I don't know. I had no food or water. It was very cold. I thought - if I can even save just one... but he got so heavy. So heavy...
Where were you going?
I took one lamb. And I ran away, as fast as I could...
But you could. You did.
No. First I tried to free them... I opened the gate of their pen - but they wouldn't run. They just stood there, confused. They wouldn't run...
So you ran away...
Yes...! They were screaming.
They were slaughtering the spring lambs?
Got dressed without turning on the light. I went downstairs... outside...
What did you do?
What was it?
I heard a strange sound...
Then something woke you. What? Did you dream...? What was it?
Early. Still dark.
Not "just," Clarice. What set you off? You started what time?
And - one morning I just - ran away...
I'll listen now. After your father's murder, you were orphaned. You were ten years old. You went to live with cousins, on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana. And - ?
Later, listen, I'll -
We don't reckon time the same way, Clarice. This is all the time you'll ever have.
Dr. Lecter, when there's time I'll -
No. It's your turn to tell me, Clarice. You don't have any more vacations to sell, on Anthrax Island. Why did you run away from that ranch?
All right, then tell me how -
No. Precisely. We begin by coveting what we see every day. Don't you feel eyes moving over your body, Clarice? I hardly see how you couldn't. And don't your eyes move over the things you want?
No. We just -
No, he covets. That's his nature. And how do we begin to covet, Clarice? Do we seek out things to covet? Make an effort to answer.
Anger, social resentment, sexual frus-
What is the first and principal thing he does, what need does he serve by killing?
No! That's incidental.
He kills w-
First principles, Clarice. Simplicity. Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each particular thing, ask: What is it, in itself, what is its nature...? What does he do, this man you seek?
Then tell me how.
I've studied the case file, have you...? Everything you need to find him is right in these pages. Whatever his name is.
I think you were telling me the truth in Baltimore - or starting to. Tell me the rest now.
Clarice... you're hardly in a position to accuse me of lying.
Dr. Lecter, you find out everything. You couldn't have talked with this "William Rubin", even once, and come out knowing so little about him... You made him up, didn't you?
Nobody sent me. I came on my own.
How very thoughtful... Or did Crawford send you here for one last wheedle - before you're both booted off the case?
I thought you might want your drawings back... Just until you get your view.
Yes, Doctor. Please.
That's enough, I think. Happy hunting. Oh, and Clarice - next time you will tell me why you ran away. Shall I summarize?
How would he test?
The personality inventories would trip him up. Rorschach, Wechsler, House-Tree-Person... He wouldn't test like a real transsexual.
On what basis would they reject him?
There are three major centers for transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins, the University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
You said - I was very close to the way we'd catch him.
Billy's not a real transsexual, but he thinks he is. He tries to be. He's tried to be a lot of things, I expect.
No...! Quid pro quo, Doctor.
Did he try to?
No.
Why, Clarice? Did the rancher fuck you?
I - ran away...
Why so briefly?
Two months.
How long did you live there?
Horses - and sheep...
A cattle ranch?
I went to live with my mother's cousin and her husband in Montana. They had a ranch.
After your father's death, you were orphaned. What happened next?  I don't imagine the answer's on those second-rate shoes, Clarice.
No. Tell me why.
Clever girl. You're so close to the way you're going to catch him - do you realize that?
Dr. Lecter, there's no correlation in the literature between transsexualism and violence. Transsexuals are very passive.
The significance of the moth is change. Caterpillar into cocoon into beauty... Billy wants to change, too, Clarice. But there's the problem of his size, you see. Even if he were a woman, he'd have to be a big one...
Quid pro quo, Doctor.
You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life.
No. He was strong, he lasted almost a month. My mother - died when I was very young, so my father had become - the whole world to me... After he left me, I had nobody. I was ten years old.
Killed outright?
He was a town marshal... one night he surprised two burglars, coming out the back of a drugstore... They shot him.
Tell me. Don't lie, or I'll know.
The death of my father.
What's your worst memory of childhood?  Quicker than that. I'm not interested in your worst invention.
Go, Doctor.
Terns... If I help you, Clarice, it will be "turns" with us, too. Quid pro quo. I tell you things, you tell me things. Not about this case, though - about yourself. Yes or no?  Yes or no, Clarice. Catherine is waiting. Tick-tock, tick-tock...
That's just part of the island. It has a very nice beach. Terns nest there.
"Plum Island Animal Disease Research Center." Sounds charming.
I'm waiting for your offer, Clarice. Enchant me.
A moth... How did you predict that?
Was it a butterfly?
She had an insect deliberately inserted in her throat. That hasn't been made public yet. We don't know what is means.
Mmm. And what else...?
They all were.
Big through the hips. Roomy.
Yes.
Life's too slippery for books, Clarice. Typhoid and swans came from the same God.  Tell me, Miss West Virginia - was she a large girl?
By the book, he's a sadist.
That is both impudent and untrue... Tell me, how did you feel when you viewed our Billy's latest effort?  Or should I say, his "next-to-latest"?
I was your choice, Dr. Lecter. You chose to speak to me. Would you prefer someone else now? Or perhaps you don't think you can help us.
Buffalo Bill...?  Bill killed him, all those years ago...? That's impossible.
Oh, a very naughty boy. Someone you and Jack Crawford are most anxious to meet.
Who killed your patient?
I've been in this room for eight years, Clarice. I know they will never, ever let me out while I'm alive. What I want is a view. I want a window where I can see a tree, or even water. I want to be in a federal institution, away from Chilton - and I want a view. I'll give good value for it. Crawford could do that for me, but he won't. You persuade him.
Who killed Raspail, Doctor...? You know, don't you?
Punishment, you see. For Miggs. Just like that gospel program. When you leave, they'll turn the volume way up. Chilton does enjoy his petty torments.
Or doesn't this all begin to suggest to you a kind of... negotiation? There's something Crawford can give me, and I want to trade for it. I even wrote to him, offering my help. But he hates me, so he won't deal directly.
I don't know. Is it?
Not anymore.  Surely the odd confluence of events hasn't escaped you, Clarice. Crawford dangles you before me. Then I give you a bit of help. Do you think it's because I like to look at you, and imagine how good you would taste...?
That doesn't interest me, Doctor. And it's the sort of thing Miggs would ask.
Your first lie to me, Clarice. How sad. Tell me - do you think Crawford wants you, sexually? True, he's much older, but - do you think he visualizes... scenarios, exchanges...? Fucking you?
I never thought about it.
Jack Crawford is helping your career, isn't he? Apparently he likes you. And you like him, too.
I don't know. Next time I'll have to check.
Do you have something you use, when you need to get up your courage? Memories, tableaux... scenes from your early life?
Because you weren't wasting my time.
Ahhh... Why?
Scared, at first. Then - exhilarated.
And have them clomping about in my life? Oh dear, no... At that time I still had certain private amusements of my own.  How did you feel when you saw him, Clarice? May I call you Clarice?
Wouldn't it have been easier to just leave him for the police to find?
Who can say...? Best thing for him, really. His therapy was going nowhere.
If you didn't kill him, then who did?
His real name is Benjamin Raspail. A former patient of mine, whose romantic attachments ran to, shall we say, the exotic...? I didn't kill him, merely tucked him away. Very much as I found him, in that ridiculous car, in his own garage, after he's missed three appointments. You'd have him under "Missing Person" - which, in poor Raspail's case, could hardly be more true.
Why don't you tell me about "Miss Mofet?" You wanted me to find him. Or do I have to wait for the lab?
I might if I saw the case file. You could get that for me.
Why? Do you know something about him?
Why don't you ask me about Buffalo Bill?
How did -  It's nothing. A scratch.
Your bleeding has stopped.
Advancement, of course.  Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T... Now go. Go.  I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you?
What's that, Dr. Lecter?
No. But I will make you happy... I'll give you a chance for what you love most, Clarice Starling.
Then please - do this test for me.
I would not have had that happen to you. Discourtesy is - unspeakably ugly to me.
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti... Fly back to school, little Starling.
And the questionnaire...?
And you'd hate to think you were common. My, wouldn't that sting! Well you're far from common, Officer Starling. All you have is the fear of it.  Now please excuse me. Good day.
Reasonably so. Yes.
You're a tough one, aren't you?
You see a lot, Dr. Lecter. But are you strong enough to point that high- powered perception at yourself? How about it...? Look at yourself and write down the truth.  Or maybe you're afraid to.
No. I only hoped that your knowledge -
Oh, Officer Starling... do you think you can dissect me with this blunt little tool?
No. You ate yours.
I didn't.
It excites him. Most serial killers keep some sort of trophies.
Witless and misleading. Why do you think he takes their skins, Officer Starling? Thrill me with your wisdom.
I'll tell you if you'll look at this form.  It started as a bad joke in Kansas City Homicide. They said... this one likes to skin his humps.
Do you know why he's called Buffalo Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't say.
Partially, yes. But Doctor, that's an active case, I'm not involved. If -
All flayed...?
Five... so far.
How many women has he used, our Bill?
No, I came because we need -
Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed if he's recruiting help from the student body. Busy hunting that new one, Buffalo Bill... Such a naughty boy! Did Crawford send you to ask for my advice on him?
I'm only asking you to look at this, Doctor. Either you will or you won't.
No, no, no. You were doing fine, you'd been courteous and receptive to courtesy, you'd established trust with the embarrassing truth about Miggs, and now this ham-handed segue into your questionnaire. It won't do. It's stupid and boring.
Dr. Lecter, if you'd please consider -
Memory, Officer Starling, is what I have instead of view.
All that detail, just from memory...?
Yes. That's the Duomo, seen from the Belvedere. Do you know Florence?
Did you do those drawings, Doctor?
I have no doubt of it.
Maybe they'll catch up.
It's much better than your shoes.
Yes.
I see. I myself cannot. You use Evyan skin cream, and sometimes you wear L'Air du Temps, but not today. You brought your best bag, though, didn't you?
He said - "I can smell your cunt."
Now then. What did Miggs say to you?  "Multiple Miggs," in the next cell. He hissed at you. What did he say?
Mmmmm... That's rather slippery of you, Officer Starling. Sit. Please.
We're talking about psychology, Doctor, not the Bureau. Can you decide for yourself whether or not I'm qualified?
Jack Crawford sent a trainee to me?
I'm - still in training at the Academy.
That expires in one week. You're not real FBI, are you?
May I see your credentials?
I am, yes.
"We" being the Behavioral Science Unit, at Quantico. You're one of Jack Crawford's, I expect.
Doctor, we have a hard problem in psychological profiling. I want to ask for your help with a questionnaire.
Would you, Doctor? That would be so kind.
It may be that - I could confer with my colleagues on this. And get back to you.
Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson. Very humorous. You like the truth? Try this.  He kidnaps young women and kills them and rips their skin off. We don't want him to do that anymore. If you don't help me, just as fast as you can, then the Justice Department is going to ask publicly for a court order, We'll ask twice a day, just in time for the morning and evening news. And each one of our press conferences will focus on Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins, and how we're still hoping for his cooperation. And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks.
I doubt very much that the FBI or any other government agency can keep a secret, Mr. Crawford. Truth will out... And then what? Will you give Johns Hopkins a new identity? Put a big pair of sunglasses on this building, and a funny nose?
Look... search your own records, if you prefer. You can do it a lot faster than us, anyway. If we find Buffalo Bill through your information, I'll suppress it. Nobody has to know this hospital cooperated.
That's a childish, bullying stunt, Mr. Crawford. I was a battlefield surgeon, so you can put away your picture.
Her name is Kimberly Jane Emberg, she was just ID'd. I met her on a slab in West Virginia. And sometime tomorrow, or tomorrow night, he's going to do the same thing to Catherine Martin.
You want to see a violation? This is a violation...
Examination and interview materials are confidential. We've never violated an applicant's trust, and we never will.
Dr. Danielson, the man we want was never your patient. It would be someone you refused because he tries to conceal a record of criminal violence. Please, Doctor - time is eating us up. Just show me the ones you've turned away.
I'm not having a witch hunt here, Mr. Crawford! Our patients are decent, non-violent people with a real problem.
Oh, and Senator...? Love you suit.
Thank you, Doctor. I'll keep it in mind.
Senator Martin...! You can't trust Jack Crawford or Clarice Starling. It's such a game with these people. They're determined to get the arrest for themselves. The "collar," I think they say.
Let's go with it.
Toughened your nipples, didn't it...?  Six foot one, strongly built, about 190 pounds. Hair brown, eyes pale blue. He'd be about 35 now. He said he lived in Philadelphia, but may have lied. That's really all I can remember, Senator - but if I think of any more, I'll let you know.
Yes... I did.
Did you breast-feed her?
What...?
You have my word. Paul?
I won't waste your time and Catherine's time bargaining for petty privileges. Clarice Starling and that awful Jack Crawford have wasted far too much already. I only pray they haven't doomed the poor girl... Let me help you now, and I'll trust you when it's all over.
The Latin name comes from two rivers in Hell. Your man - he drops these girls into rivers, every time. Didn't I read that?
Better known to his friends as the Death's-head Moth...
Just ignore him. He's not a Ph.D.
I'm the one who found his perforating proboscis! Are you wearing a gun, right now?  Ooh, cool! Can I see it? Can I?
Your West Virginia specimen gave us quite a bit of trouble, but I finally managed to narrow his species through chaetaxy - studying the skin.
Officer Starling. Welcome back.
Of course it counts. How do you play?
No fair! You lured him with produce.
Time, Pilch! My move.
Duncan, you are absolutely gallant. If Cora doesn't marry you, I shall.
The men of the regiment will fetch water from the lake, build fires and provide every comfort you desire, Alice...
Absolutely.
Can we rest soon?
Are you alright?
I won't sleep tonight. What an adventure!  I absolutely cannot wait to return to Portman Square, having laid eyes upon the full-blooded, red men in the wild!
Yes, miss.
We leave in the morning?!
My God, you've grown up.
Winter with the Delaware, my father's cousins. And in the spring, cross the Ohio and look for land to settle with my father in a new place called Can-tuck-ee.
Where will we go?
I have nothing to go back for.
Will you go back to England?
Alice?
And my compliments to you...
...never doubt what you are doing.
Listen. Submit. You hear me?  You're strong. You stay alive. I will find you...  no matter how far, how long it takes...
Yes. I want you to go.
In this there is a chance. If I live, I can try to free you. If we don't go, there is no powder, there's too many of them.  Though my heart would keep me here, in that there is no chance. None. I can do nothing. Do you understand?
Our father? Did you see my father?
Maybe...
Are we safe?
I don't know. Whatever happens you stay with your father. You stay among the officers.
What is it?
Do not.  Promise me.
No. I will find you.
Webb's reinforcements will arrive or not.  If they do not arrive, the fort will fall. If that happens, stay close to your father.  The French will protect the officer class among the English.
What would you have me do?
Because what I am interested in is right here...
They're going to hang you.  Why didn't you leave when you had the chance?
Why, I am looking at you, Miss.
What are you looking at, Mr. Poe?
Miss.  May I?
Mr Poe?
Top of this ridge. Fort and Lake George are downhill of it.
Much further?
On the contrary. It is more deeply stirring...  to my blood...  ...than any imagining could possibly have been...
Sorry to disappoint you...
You are right, Mr. Poe. We do not understand what is happening here. And it is not as I imagined it would be, thinking of it in Boston and London...
'Cos frontier land's the only land affordable to poor people. So after seven years indentured service in Virginia, they headed out here where they are beholden to none and not livin' by another's leave...  Their name was Cameron. John & Alexandria.
In London those radical ideas could land you in Newgate prison.  Why were those people living in this defenseless place...?
The Bible. Monarchy. Many wrong ideas about the government of men. My father's people already know each man is his own nation. And only he can have dominion over himself. Not kings. No man is better than any other man.
And what were the consequentialities of European culture you didn't bother with?
My father sent Uncas & I to Reverend Wheelock's school when I was ten. So we would know both worlds... though we were told only bother learning readin' & arithmetic from yours.
How did you learn English?
I do not remember them. I was one or two.
I'm sorry.
They buried my ma & pa and my sisters. And Chingachgook - who found me with two French trappers - raised me up as his own.
Thank you so much.
In your particular case, miss, I would make some allowance...
"We're a breed apart and we make no sense"...?
Why did they turn back?
The Ottawa are gone.
Yes. And "do not try to understand them.  That is because they are a breed apart and they make no sense..."
What?!
Yes. He said... "do not try to make them understand you."
He did?
Chingachgook. He warned me about people like you.
Your "father"?
Well that is to be expected. My father...
You were acting for our benefit. And I apologize. I misunderstood you.
You knew them.
Anyone lookin' to pick up our trail, would see it as a sign of our passing...
Why didn't you bury those people?
I will not. I have seen the face of war before, Mr. Poe, but never war made on women and children. And almost as cruel is your indifference.
Let us go, miss.
Though they are strangers, they are at least entitled to a Christian burial!
Yes I do! I know exactly what I am saying.  And if it is sedition, then I am guilty of sedition, too!
You do not know what you are saying!
"Justice"?  If that's "justice"..., then the sooner French guns blow the English army out of America, the better it will be for these people.
But the man is guilty of sedition and subject to military justice and beyond pardon.
He knew the consequences. And he stayed.  Are those the actions of a criminal?  ...Duncan, do something.
The man encouraged the colonials to desert in this very room, in my presence. He is guilty of sedition and must be tried and hanged like any other criminal, regardless of what he did for my children.
I sent three men to Webb!
There was no letter.
What?
There was none!
My letter...
When? How?
Told you to stay away from this hell hole!  Why did you disobey me?
What are they doing to Duncan? Duncan!
... compliments, Mr. Poe.  Take her and get out.
What the bloody hell plan is this?
Yes. Go ahead.
You are defending him because you've become infatuated with him.
They do not live their lives "by your leave."  ...They hack it out of the wilderness with their own two hands, burying their dead and their children along the way.
You know he wouldn't send me...! You misrepresented what you saw and caused this.  I, too, was at that farm. It was as he said...
He knew the penalty for breaking regulations.  He ought to pay without sending you to beg.
Munro is expecting him to be the good soldier in defense of British military interests.
beyond the periphery of men, staring at him.
I am sorry, Duncan...
I see...
Duncan...  Duncan, I promised you an answer. You have complimented me with your persistence and patience... But the decision I've come to is I'd rather make the gravest of mistakes than surrender my own judgment.
Cora, I adore you and, when we come together, we will be the happiest couple in England...  I am certain of that. More than ever before.  I believe you must trust the judgment of others who hold your welfare so close to their hearts...
He delivered no such message.
One called Magua arrived.
It can be dangerous...
My God, Alice.
Yes. Yes, I will.
Will you consider that?
Cora, in my heart, I know once we're joined, we'll be the happiest couple in England. Let those whom you trust, your father, help settle what's best for you. In view of your indecision, why not rely on their advice and judgment as well as mine?
Cousin Eugenie, my father, but...
"Some"?
Some say that's the way of it.
Isn't respect and friendship, a reasonable basis for a man and woman to be joined? And all else may grow in time...?
Dear Duncan, my affection is as towards a closest friend. Alice and I depend on you and respect you immensely... I wish they did, but my feelings don't go beyond that. Do you see?
Aversion?  No... "Hatred"... "Loathing"...
You still have an aversion to the water?
And by sea!
I'm embarrassed to be so indecisive... after so long apart and after you've traveled so far...
: Only one or two loads.
Any powder?
You will have to forego the pleasure of hangin' me.
And if we're unlucky?
Then we take the south rim down the mountain and it's 12 miles cross country to Fort Edward.
Then what?
This is it, as far as we can go... If we're lucky, they'll be figurin' we can't have come this way and must've beached our canoes and headed cross land. If we're very lucky, they'll figure we went over the falls.
I don't understand!
We don't.
Where do we go from here?
Do you hear me, sir!  If you ever fall... into British hands...  What white water?
Head for... for the white water.
Only chance we got is...  ... to get more distance on 'em and go to ground!
How long?
Major!  Some day I think you and I are gonna have a serious disagreement.
I ought to have you whipped from this fort!
That is the truth!
That is sedition! Treason!
And if English law cannot be trusted, maybe these people would do better makin' a peace with the French!
Excuse me...
Ottawa!
Who were these people?
Do not let gratitude get in the way...
I owe you gratitude or I'd call you out!
England does not protect me and does not war against France on our account. She uses us to war against France on her own account...  of greed for land and furs.
Then you are one of those who would allow England to fight alone while she protects you from France?
I ain't your "scout". And I am in no damn militia.
I thought all our colonial scouts were in the militia?
No. Headin' west. To Can-tuck-ee.
Fort Edward, then?
No.
Then you're assigned to Fort William Henry?
Came across the war party, tracked 'em.
Of course not!  And how is it you were nearby?
No blood vengeance? No re-proach or insult?
Miss Cora Munro. He never set eyes on her before today.
Dark haired...
What?!
He is Huron and nothing else.  Why would he want to murder the girl?
Colonel Munro sent him. He was one of our Mohawk allies.
Day and a half  Where did you get... the guide?
How far is it, scout?
...Fort William Henry.
We were headed...
Your wounded should try walkin' back to Albany.  They'll never make a passage north.
...No...Do not call myself much of a subject at all.
You, sir! You call yourself a loyal subject?
You do what you want with your own scalp.  Do not be tellin' us what to do with ours.
... and while they are cooped up in your fort, what if the French send war parties to raid their homes?
Will you men help us stop the French?
First place, you started it with the French over fur-trapping claims to the head waters of the Ohio.  Now you're sayin' these people have a fight on their hands...
Really? Do you want them to overrun all New York colony?
I said... France is your enemy. Not ours.
What did you say?
Your enemy...
It should be enough to remind you France is the enemy.
It does and it is a better lookin' reason than you, Jack Winthrop.  Push hard, 'cos you got to clear the French outpost by dawn.  Good luck, Jack.
That reason wear a blue dress and work in the surgery?
Got a reason to stay.
You're not coming with us?
I'll cover them from the top of the casement.
Out the northern sally-port. Strike for the east side of the swamp until you clear the French picket line. Head north over the ridge, then come about southeast and fork left in Little Meadow and you're free of the outpost and skirmishers...
I believe if they set aside their law as and when they wish, their law no longer has rightful authority over us. All they have over us is tyranny, then. And I'll stay here no longer.  No force on earth will keep me here... Anyone caught leavin' the fort could be shot. So each man make your own decision... Those who are goin', be back here in an hour.
We'll see in the morning...
Folks here goin' to join in that fight?
A French & Indian army out of Fort Carillon's heading south to war against the English. I'm here to raise this county's militia to aid the British defense.
So what is it, Jack? What brings you up here?
Tradin' your skins in Castleton?
That we did. John. But the horicane  is near trapped out.
Would the Huron make his Algonquin brothers foolish with brandy and steal his lands to sell them for gold to the white man?  Would the Huron have greed for more land than a man can use? Like Francais Black Robes do?  Would Huron kill tribes with disease? Would the Huron fool Seneca into taking all the animals in the forest for beads & brandy? But sell the fur to the white man for gold?...  Those are the ways of Yengeese and Les Francais masters. Are they the ways of Huron men who hunt & work the land? Or of dogs?  ...Magua's heart is twisted. He would make himself into what twisted him. A Dog, become Master of Dogs. But are Hurons dogs?  ...Magua's way is false. It is like the white sickness. Magua's way will bring only sadness and shame. Is there another way? I don't know.  I am Nathaniel of the Yengeese; Hawkeye, adopted son of Chingachgook, of the Mohican people... Let the children of the dead Munro go free... I speak the truth.
The red man put down the bow, picked up the fire stick and became the best warrior in the forest. Yes. It is the only way.
Magua would use the ways of Les Francais and the Yengeese...
No.  Huron serve no one. The French father believes he fooled Magua because he is so proud of his cleverness, he is blind. But it is the Huron path that Magua walks down, not the French one... Now, Les Francais, also, fear Huron. That is good. When the Huron is strong from their fear, we will make the terms of trade with Les Francais. And we will trade as the white man trades. Take land from the Abnakes; fur from the Osage, Sauk & Fox. And make the Huron great. Over other tribes. No less than the whites, as strong as the whites.
So the Huron are the servants of the French?  To do what the French are shamed to do?
Wise one, the French fathers made peace and swore to their honor not to break the friendship. Magua broke it. It is false that the French would not be friends, still, to the Huron.
Our father, Montcalm, is greater than the Yengeese in the arts of war. The Huron do not fear English anger.
Let the children of the dead Colonel Munro go free and take the fire out of the English anger over the murder of their helpless ones.
You forget yourself!
Easy for you to suppose. While it is their women and children, not yours, alone in their farms!
I'll have none of that!  Montcalm is a soldier and a gentleman. Not a butcher.
What did you see, Major?
That judgment is not more important than their right under agreement with Webb to defend their farms & families... Major Heyward was at John Cameron's. He saw what it was.
That's all, sir.
Many men here, their homes are in the path.
It was a war party. It means they're on the attack up and down the frontier.
Yes, Mr. Poe? So?
...not enough time to get to Albany and back with reinforcements...
A man, here, can make a run straight through to Webb.
What else?
Help ourselves to a few horns from your powder stores.
By your leave, sir.
The Scotsman's daughters are at the Poltroon's house. A company of the 33rd will accompany you and Magua will show you the way.
Yes. You may.  You there. What does Munro call you?  The "Scotsman" has sent one of his Indian allies to guide you.
Sir!... Might I inquire if General Webb has heard from Colonel Munro's daughters? I was to rendezvous with them in Albany and escort them to the fort.
You will take command of the 62nd Regiment of Foot. At Fort William Henry under Colonel Munro. I will march the 33rd to Fort Edward.
I thought British policy is 'Make the World... England', sir.
I know.  One has to give Americans "reasons" and make agreements to get them to do anything at all.  Tiring, isn't it?  But that's the way of it here.
The Crown "negotiating" the terms of service?
And what is that?
I didn't experience anything so surprising from Bristol to Albany as what I witnessed here today.
The decision is final.
Sir!
Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not.
General Webb can burn in hell. We'll go back and dig our graves behind the ramparts! Our mission is to fight.
I have lived to see two things I never expected.  An Englishman afraid to support a friend. And a Frenchman too honest to profit by that advantage.
You have heard your answer, Monsieur le Marquis. 
This is the signature of Webb.  And I know the temper of our men. Rather than spend the war in a French prison hulk in Hudson Bay, they'd fight to the end.
And who empowered these provincials to pass judgment upon England's policies in her own colonies? To come and go without so much as a "by your leave."
Not with enough certainty to outweigh British interests in this fort.
Terrible feature of war in the Americas.  Best to keep your sight fixed on our duty.
Things were done. Nobody was spared...
Only twelve miles away! He could be here day after tomorrow.  Find your man, sir! Captain Beams will give you the message.
Yes, sir.
Webb's at Edward?
Webb's not in Albany. He marched the 33rd to Fort Edward two days ago.
Logistics are his guns are bigger than mine and he has more of them. They keep our heads down while his sappers make thirty yards of trench a day. His thirteen inch mortars have a two hundred yard range, so when they're close enough, they'll move them in, lob explosive rounds over our walls and pound us to dust. They look to be three hundred yards out.  Bloody murderers.  You have three days.
Might I enquire after the situation, sir, given that I've seen of the French engineering from the ridge above?
What a place for them...
Thank you. How can I reward you?
Ambush... on the George Road. This Magua led us into it.  ...eighteen killed. It's these men who saved us. They guided us here...
What happened to you?
Sir. Webb has no idea. And he certainly does not know to send reinforcements!
Does Webb not even know we are besieged?
Fire!
Right - about face! March! First rank present!
Yes sir!
Men are to stay in file, Sergeant Major!
Atten-hut!
Thank you, Sergeant Major. Thank the men.
Sir!
Sergeant Major!
Fire!!!
Shoulder arms!  Present! 
Sir!!!  Third rank! Twelve paces! Forward march!
Advance, Sergeant Major!
Fire!!!
First rank! Second rank! Present arms! 
Sir!  Upon the center, wheel to the left- about!  March!  Rear ranks, proper distance!  Front ranks, take your distance! March!  Halt!  Make ready! 
Sergeant! Form three ranks!
Heart. Give Magua new heart.
What is enough?
The King? The King has mountains of gold!
How much gold has the master of the Yengeese?
Yes.
For Munro children?
Gold could be arranged.
Yengeese Major give all property to Magua.  Magua give Yengeese Major much wampum, many gifts, maybe three, four oxen.
Yes.
Does Yengeese Major have property across salt sea?
Yes.
Wampum?
Three, four oxen... much wampum.
Gifts?
If Magua give women to Yengeese soldiers... will receive many gifts.
Magua say: "Yes. Good idea."
Excuse me. What did you say?
"Magua understand paleface is a dog to his women.  When his women want to eat, he lay aside his tomahawk to feed their laziness."
No. Stop in the glade just ahead! When the ladies are rested, we will proceed. Do you understand?
I understand. This is not good place to stop.  Two leagues from here. No water 'til then.  That where we stop. Better place.
We must... stop... soon. Women are... tired.  You... understand?
Does the rule of English law no longer govern?  Has it been replaced by absolutism?
This interview's over! The militia stays!
Nathaniel's word been good on the frontier a long time before you got here!
British promises are honored. And the militia will not be released. Because I need more definite proof than this man's word!
We are not forgettin' Webb's promise!
I judge military matters, Captain Winthrop, not you.
Chingachgook's of the same opinion. Taken together, that's gospel. Your fort will stand or fall depending on Webb and reinforcements, not these colonials' presence.
I must receive proof more conclusive than Mr. Poe's opinion before I weaken our defenses by allowing militia to withdraw.
Many things my French father cannot do, Magua can.
Munro would. But General Webb will not send their soldiers across the salt lake.  Having let them go, I fear I will only fight the same men again when I move south.  And yet, I cannot break the terms of the capitulation and sully the lilies of France...
Does the chief of the Canadas believe the English will keep the terms?
My son Magua's pain is my pain.
Magua slept hard in the English wigwams.  And the sticks left their mark...  Magua's village and lodges were burnt. Magua's children were killed by the English.  Magua was taken as a slave by the Mohawks who fought for the Grey Hair. Magua's wife believed he was dead and became the wife of another. The Grey Hair was the father of all this.  In time Magua became blood-brother to Mohawk to become free. In his heart he always was Huron.  And his heart will be whole again on the day when the Grey Hair and all his seed are dead!
My son has been sadly injured. Who did this?
And this?
That's where a lead bullet has torn you.
That Le Renard has the power to lead his people into the light, I know well.
Where is that sun?! It has gone behind the hill.  It is dark and cold. It has set on his people, they are fooled and kill all the animals and sell all of their lands to enrich the European masters who are always greedy for more than they need.  And Le Subtil is the son of his tribe. There have been many clouds and many mountains. But now he has come to lead his nation.
But so many suns have set since Le Renard struck the war post. Is he not tired?
Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood.  It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will be buried.
My master owns these lands and your father has been ordered to drive off the English squatters. They have consented to go. So now he calls them enemies no longer.
Not a warrior has a scalp and the white men become friends.
Yes.
Is the hatchet buried between the English and my French father?
When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his children under the knife so the Grey Hair will see his seed is wiped out forever.
Why do hate the Grey Hair, Magua?
Granted, Monsieur.
I am deeply touched by such unusual and unexpected generosity... The fort is yours under the condition that we be given until dawn to bury our dead, prepare our men and women for their march and turn our wounded over to your surgeon.
Allow me to consult with my officers.
Carry them to England to your King with pride.
My colors?
Granted.
The honors of war?
They may leave the fortress fully armed, but with no ammunition... Other than that, ask what you wish.
Their arms?
My master requires the fort be destroyed.  But, for you and your comrades, there is no privilege that will be denied. None of your men will see the inside of a prison barge. They're free to go so long as they return to England and fight no more on this continent, and the civilian militia return to their farms.
Such as...?
Perhaps the General's glasses can reach to the Hudson and he knows the size and imminence of the army of Webb...?
Honor that is freely accorded to courage, may be refused obstinacy... These hills afford to us every opportunity to reconnoiter your works and I am possibly as well acquainted with your weak condition as you are yourselves.  Is Webb really en route and Montcalm hopes to take the fort by duplicity before British reinforcements arrive?
However I may apprise such testimony from Monsieur Montcalm, Fort William Henry is strong and stands.
You have already done everything which is necessary for the honor of your Prince. I will forever bear testimony that your resistance has been gallant and was continued as long as there was hope. But now, I beg you to listen to the admonitions of humanity. I beg you to consider my terms for your surrender.
Monsieur le Marquis, I am a soldier, not a diplomat. You called this parlay for a reason.
Please accept my compliments for the strong and skillful defense of your fortress. Under the command of a lesser man it would have fallen long ago given the superior numbers and material... mere chance has allowed me to array against you...
And I to make yours, Monsieur le Marquis.
Colonel Munro, I have known you as a gallant antagonist. I am happy to make your acquaintance as a friend.
Il est necessaire d'etre vigilant, mon enfant.
C'est bien, vous vous promenez bien matin, monsieur!
La victoire.
Le mot d'ordre?
France.
Qui vive?
Don't worry, I don't want to give up any more.
Be careful with it.
Intelligence may not be the right word...
That it acquires intelligence from its victims?
Well, if they were perfecting an aquaman, then why's there a dead one onboard that Russian ship?  Why isn't he out swimming around?
Why stop with just one aspect of marine life?  Why not incorporate the best genetic components the ocean has to offer?...
But what about those scales... or that leech-like thing that bit Cobb?
Some say that's why we're basically hairless, for less water resistance, faster swimming speeds...
It was when it counted a couple of million years ago when the seas came in and drove us into the water.  Most homo sapiens didn't make it...Danakil man... <u>adapted</u>.
Not exactly a big ocean country.
Danakil man?...one of our ancestors.  Named for the Danakil Alps in Ethiopia.
Was there such a thing?
No.  I think they isolated him in genetic engineering. Homo aquaticus...
They found this?
Yeah...right...
It could be a million things, something in the air, food....  But he went on that ship and so did Williams...  I want to examine the crew.
Why Sixpack?
And they didn't believe the symptoms I described...
And?
I don't know.  I've been back and forth with Narragansett Naval all day, consulting with the best people in maritime medicine, the best people in viruses...
The mask is because you think it might be...catching?
For this...you don't need to be.
I'm not a doctor.
Here.  Put this on.  You examine him.
Well, how the hell does a skin rash kill you in eight hours?!
He did.
Dead?  This morning you said he had some skin disorder.
Pretty good imitation of a hangover and I ought to know.
What's wrong?
What mistakes?  Look, I think it's no big deal but if you want to find out why this ship sank have Maritime run a check.
These observers were doing something. A test...I think they sank that ship on purpose to cover up their mistakes.
What do you want me to say? That it all sounds mysterious?
Be my guest.
You mind if I take a look at this?
We almost had an accident today. DeJesus' suit...
Well, I'll be on the golf course in the morning.  Then, if I don't have any babies to deliver--
Are you planning on working tomorrow?
Just get in yours!
Your suit, Becky!
I got hung up!  Try this!
Where the hell've you been?
Fuck your orders!
That's an order!
No!
Go on!
No.
I hit it.  But I can't see it!  Can you see it?!
I am thinking, man!  You think I want to die!  I am thinking!  I--
Think!  Can we stop it?! Block it up?!  Shut down the line somewhere?!  Think!
No way...
Can you fix it?
Jesus Christ...
Crunch...Implosion.
We don't have much choice... without air, the internal pressure will fall and--
What dead one on the ship?
That's why there's a dead one on the ship.  It ran out of blood.
He did.
No, it's not going through. The intercom's busted.  I thought DeJesus fixed that?
Were, Doss <u>were</u>.
I thought they were your friends?
One of those chunks of Sixpack!  Like a big leech, with those teeth!...
What has?
It's got Hazy!
There's now a problem with the weather for pickup.  There's a typhoon in our sector... ...We're going to be delayed twelve hours...
We're getting out of here just in time.
What?...
Bullshit...I was just talking to him.  I saw him move.
...all of you owe time and I thought tonight would be a good time to---
Uh, oh...I see where this is going...
I've been looking at the duty roster...at the shack hours outstanding...
The good doctor hasn't showed yet.
Doc eat already?
Stay calm!
He don't need a readout, man, he needs help!
DeJesus!  A readout!
All right, Sixpack, you and Williams are gonna pull water duty tomorrow--
Huh?  I...uh...uh...
How do you know it was Williams?
Look at my foot, sir!  This bitch put a goddamn sea monster in my bunk!
Williams...get DeJesus' suit on the "sick rack" and do a diagnostics.  Any other suit problems she should know about?
Shit...
Cobb, Jones, I want you to do something about that damn rattle in the air system...  Bowman and Sixpack...living quarters...
I can't see them!
It hit me!  Where are they?!
Where's Jones?
We made it!
Can't we fix it?
Less than an hour.  It's ruptured an air duct.
How much time does that give us?
We're on backup air.
Seeing how my stock's doing...
What are you doing?
Maybe they already have.
Yeah...I think they're just deciding what to do with us.
They know, don't they?
The escape bubbles?
Shit!  He sent them all.
Our only chance is to lure it to the Swamp and flush it like we did the other.
What can we do?
Maybe you're more one of us than you think...sir.
I guess I figured if I was in their shoes that's what I would've done.
Well, I always heard you don't "learn" leadership, you earn it.  How did you know they'd get into the vodka?
You think I should hang around more with the crew?
Has it helped?
Everybody in corporate training serves a tour on the line.  Sup- posed to hone leadership skills or something.
I need electrical field experience on my resume. Everything helps...  Why are you here?
Whatever made you want to do a tour down here?
Good...It's going good.
No.  I'm just being friendly.
Why?  You going to give me hard time like the others?
How's astronaut training?
After a month of it you'd think I'd be used to it.
That was a loud one wasn't it?
Why can't we pick up his signal?
Sixpack?
You screw around like that again and--
That's great.  Now let's move 35 degrees southwest.
Roger...  More light, Sixpack...
I need more light on that, Four.
Still...you did the right thing.
There probably wasn't anything wrong with his suit...
Today...with DeJesus.  That was smart thinking to get him inside...
What?
You did good...
Jones...come with me.  Cobb, you and Doc check the rooms.
Oh, God, she's out there...
It bit me!
No!
Mr. Beck, the contract states that no body can be disposed of without authorization of---
Shut up, all of you.
No sir...I just wanted to know if you needed a hand?
Is this a contract violation, Mr. Cobb?
Excuse me, sir...
All right...
...I'd really have to show it to you.
What's wrong with it?
Uh..Excuse me sir, it's the air recirculating system, sir...
Something wrong, Cobb?
You're only twenty-five tons off quota.  Barring an unforeseen problem you should reach it easily on the last day.  It's just a day off.  You don't have to take it, I just thought it might help.
What about our quota?
He's not at his station.
Where's Doc?!
The internal monitors read normal.
Roger.
Wait till you reach thirty- five before you blow your suit...
Twenty minutes!...Who had tank duty?
Twenty minutes...
What's your air reading?
I'm going inside.
Charge set.  Backing off.  C'mon Rover let's get out of here.
Charge set?
No...she killed herself.
And it killed Bo?
I can't tell you much about it, except that none of you show any symptoms.
Let's get it out of here and bring in a new one.
Okay, number 23's full.
Better let the Doc take a look at you, after dinner.
Okay.
How do you feel, DeJesus?
Ahhhh!
Give me a readout, DeJesus.
I realize you must have gone through hell--
Forty-eight hours!
Twelve hours, no big deal.  We should know something first thing in the morning.  Don't worry.
But it's a delay!  How long? A day?  Two days?!
It shouldn't be a long delay.
What're you saying?  That we're not even going to be picked up tomorrow?
Unfortunately.  We can't.
Do it.
Beck, trust me.  If the company felt that you or your crew were in any danger we would authorize an immediate emergency pickup. We could be there in a few hours.
I'm not anxious to find out, either.
But you don't have any proof at this point to assume that this disease is contagious, do you?
What you don't understand is that my crew is in jeopardy.
Well, according to Maritime law, you, as commander of the Shack have the authority to dispose of the body.  However, the company doesn't want you to do that.
Beautiful.
How's the weather for pickup tomorrow?
Well, suit yourself, then...its your decision...  Ha ha...a little joke...suit yourself...
I know that.
...as long as you know it's not in your contract.
Don't thank me, yet, but it is important to know where you're going and who your friends are... 'Know what I mean?
Thank you, Martin.
Sounds like a good week, Beck. In fact...I put your folder in front of the Vice President of District Operations last night...
Two hundred and fifty-two tons of Magnesium and 15 tons of Sodium.
Timex...
Personal effects...
You're damn right I do.  Five years down here and I'll pull in more than 15 topside.  I'm not down here for the fun, I'll tell you that.
You take your money, too seriously, Bo.
I signed-up for the stock option.
You got money in this tub?
How's TransOcean doing?
Not yet.
Made your million, yet?
Hook's on 24...
Yes sir...
Aw, loosen up, Bowman...  Hey, Willie, I got one served up for you.
Cute, DeJesus...Specimen cups?
What about his suit?  That's a million five the company's got to replace.  They'll make somebody go get it.
The man is unbelievable... I say, leave him in there.
Who else...Sixpack.
It wouldn't make any difference in there...He could be two feet away and on fire and she'd still not see him!
If he had his blinkers on--
The weather's good, I already checked, but I'll be off in a minute.
Hey, Bo...when're you going to be off that thing?  I want to find out tonight's NBA scores and check the weather.
Fuck the suits, it's the people monitoring them.  It Doc had been there like he's supposed to it never would've happened!
I'm telling you, it's the suits!
Take it off and let me have a look.
Itches like hell.
Still bothering you?
What was it?
It...almost got you.
What happened?
...and a Russian grandmother...
Bullshit.
Russian, French, Italian, Spanish, Greek, German, a little Hindu, some Serbo Croat and a smattering of Swahili...standard pre-med background...
You read Russian?
Russian.
What the?...
And hit the surface in the middle of a typhoon?...No, thank you. I'll take my chance down here.
I say we should go get in the escape bubbles and get the hell out of here!
That <u>thing</u> happens to be my friend.
I ain't doing nothing for that thing without something to defend myself.
You let him get away!
It's Hazy...It's got him! Stay here and don't let him out.  I'm going to get the Doc.
What's going on?
Fuck double pay, man!  I want out of here!
At least we get time and a half.  That's in the contract.
He didn't say it was a "routine check-up," he said it was a "routine <u>precaution</u>."
"Routine," my ass!  Ain't nothin' "routine" about no physical check- up 10,000 feet down...especially when we're getting picked up the next day!
Pretty good.  He sent them out videotaping outcrop.
Yeah?  How'd the kid hold up?
What music?  There ain't no music.
Oooooh.  Damn!  Not so loud. Turn down the music.
Shhhh...don't tell no one.  Job security.
So that's all you do?...
Ah, it's just old, like me. You don't see the Doc opening me up every time I get a new creak in my joints...I say, as long as it's recycling the air let the next shift deal with it. But, 'long as we're here...
Listen to it for Christsake.
Whooo!  Right on, Cobb!  Let's hear it for our shop Steward!
No way, Mister Beck!  <u>No</u> <u>fucking way</u>!  We just did a full shift, you can't call Shack duty on top of a full shift.  It's a contract violation!
I'm going to kill it!
It's Sixpack!
I feel it, too...Someone's trying to get out.
Hey!...I feel something. It's moving!  He's alive!
I ain't, goddamnit...It's Jones!..
C'mon, Cobb...you're slacking...
He's tanking on us...
Bad as he is there's no way we can make our quota with- out his sad self out there. You just can't do it.
I'm on the way to the looney bin?  Hey, man, I'm not the dude sun bathing in his clothes.
You're on your way somewhere all right...the looney bin.
What game, Cobb?...I'm on my way to Nirvana...
You guys are crazy.  What the hell you play that stupid game for?
This is what I wear at the beach, goddamnit.
Hey, Cobb...Man, why don't you take off your shirt and pants, man?  You should do that wearing what you're going to wear at the beach.
I do, man.  That's a beautiful place.  When I get out of here I'm going there.  Find a nice little snow covered chalet, warm little woman, crackling fire--
Who cares?
Hey, man, you know that in Switzerland--and this country's the size of East L.A., okay?--they speak 54 different dialects? Fifty-four!
Probably the plumbing.  You gonna make me finish that puzzle by myself, or what?
Look.  Water.
Under there?
Getting some food.
What?  That?...I've done this one before.  You hungry?  I'm hungry.
How'd you do that?
'Fucker could have gotten us all killed.
Serves his ass right to get it.  Motherfucker brings that shit onboard.  I hope his fucking ass rots in the sea and is shit upon by the fish.
Twelve hours!
Typhoon?!
Oh, gag, man, how can you eat that stuff?...
Burritos...Enchiladas...
I don't know.  I'm guessing.
Fuck semantics, Doc! You saying its like part DeJesus, part Sixpack, part Bowman?!
...It has many traits of deep sea marine life...regeneration, scales, gills, even a period of dormancy...  but the fact that it remembered where the plasma was stored, or where the communication wiring was, may imply that it has some other quality...
No fuckin' lie...
The monster appears to be a genetic aberration...
Like a leech.
It would explain the suction- like appendages.
It's had a meal.
Bigger than DeJesus?  How?
I've got Cobbie downstairs watching the door.
I'm going to try to remove it.
What are you going to do to him?
We've got to get him to the infirmary.
We're simply concerned about her...proximity to...
Yes sir, ain't that where we usually go when we're sick?
The infirmary?...
Excuse me, sir...Bowman's sick.  She's downstairs in the infirmary.
Two hundred meters.
How far away is she?
I'm not touching you!
Answer them and quit kicking me!
It saw us!
Jameson?  Who are you trying to con...?
Who's the best power forward in the NBA...Jameson?
Tip top, Willie...tip top.
Are you okay, Jonesy?
Well, why haven't they answered our flares?
How many times I got to tell you.  I saw a ship.
Are you sure you saw something?
Don't fuckin' worry, I ain't.
Don't spend all day down there.
She's wondering what's happening.  We're losing air faster than I thought.
The shack...
The air's stopped.
What is it?
The good doctor signed our death warrant.
What is it?
Oh man, that's just great...
Cobb's cut...It was in him! It got Doc...
Fucking great...You telling me we got a fucking dracula in here with us?
It needs blood?
DeJesus...It's got him.
What's wrong?
I ought to smack your face!
What on earth's the matter with you?
Sleeping.  No sign of Doc, though.  I'll check the control room.  You look in the shower room...
How is he?
Sixpack...
Who were you talking to?
Honey, the company don't give a flying fuck about "whys," they just look at the numbers and the contract says if we miss our quota they only got to pay us half-pay for the entire month.
No...he's really sick.  I heard him last night.  The company will take that into consideration...
"Debbie Does Dallas"...  Hell, it's in Russian.  I can't read it...
What is it?
Jameson?  Who're you trying to con?
Hey, Jonesy, who's the best power forward in the NBA...Jameson?
Let's hope it holds.
Clear for pickup.
Don't worry, darlin, I'm...
Hardly.
What's wrong, did you miss me?
Sorry, darling...Just thought a little humor would loosen us all up...you know?...
Bitch!  Look what you did!
Right.
The latch is screwed up.  Or the hinge.
Your pocket?
My pocket.  Check my pocket, will ya, honey?
Well not exactly, no; I got 'em sitting in the car, actually; I thought we might sell them back to the Greek, but I am having a bit of a problem getting hold of him.
Well, talk.
I wanted to talk to you about that.
A traffic warden. Look, what's this?
A what?
I am not sure what's more worrying, the job or your past.
Is there something we should know about you, Soap?
Seven hundred for the pair.
How much did you part with?
Well, it's still a good idea.
A month? So, my friend, what fucking good is that, if we need it in six . . . no, five days?
Probably no longer than four weeks.
So how long do you have to wait 'till you see a return?
Stop fucking around, Tom, and think. What are we going to do?
I'll kill him!
He's a stroppy sod but he's got more balls than a golfer, only he doesn't know it. ' * Cut from completed film.
Soap is called Soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behaviour. He is proud of his job, and even more proud that it's legal.
Jesus, Tom, do they work?
Drachmas, I hope. I would feel safer with a chicken drumstick. They could do more harm than good.
Yeah, but he has got to tell his Dad he is about to lose his bar.
It's hit us all hard!
At the bottom of a bottle and has been for two days; it's hit him hard.
I would rather put my money on a three-legged rocking horse. The odds are a hundred to one for a good reason, BACON . . . it won't win. So where is Ed with all the bright ideas?
The odds are one hundred to one so all we need is five grand.
Sex and sleaze and antique shotguns are all deep and dear in Harry's stone cold heart.
When the old bastard is not playing cards he's chasing a thousand debts that ill-fated individuals owe for an array of reasons.
And Tom took care of them.
Apart from those shotguns.
The traffic warden went to the morgue and recognized Dog and his lot so that put us sort of in the clear. They got no case against us because there is no evidence against us.
Well what?
Well?
Think about what you're going to say, Ed; we are on thin ice.
He'll care all right. That was going to be his money. Whether he cares about us is different. Pass your phone.
That inspires confidence, that does.
Scarface, I have watched Scarface. You want to know how to do a drug deal, you watch Scarface!
I dunno, but I don't think we need him. Dump him at the lights.
I think he's still alive. He's got claret coming out of him somewhere. What did they want with a traffic warden?
Let's have a butcher's. Jesus, there's lots of everything. We've got god knows how much of this stinking weed; we've got a shit load of cash; and we've got a . . . traffic warden.
Bacon, see what we got.
I'll meet you in the van when you have finished with handsome there.
Of course you will, sweetheart. This one, search this one. Ed finds the keys without any trouble.
It's happening tomorrow morning. Get back here now.
Yes?
They can't report they have had all their drugs and money nicked, can they?
I don't know how you've reached that conclusion.
I'll think of something, don't worry.
Let me tell you about Hatchet Harry. Once there was this geezer called Smithy Robinson who worked for Harry. It was rumoured that he was on the take. Harry invited Smithy round for an explanation. Smithy didn't do a very good job. Within a minute Harry lost his temper and reached for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a fifteen-inch black rubber cock. He then proceeded to batter poor Smithy to death with this; that was seen as a pleasant way to go . . . Hence, Hatchet Harry is a man you pay if you owe.
And nobody wants to live next door to the people that we live next to; a bit anti-social, you know.
Because it's cheap like a budgie.
I still will, if you don't mind.
Twenty-five from me, Tom, Soap and yourself; a hundred grand to the pound. You don't need to count it.
The Baptist got his name from drowning people for Hatchet.
Hatchet has a colleague, a monster of a man: Barry the Baptist.
The reason he is called BACON is he spent so much of his youth in the police station that people thought he was one of them. But he is a big boy now and it is time to move on.
Ed can run fast, talk fast, eat fast, and play cards fast, but he's fucking slow when it comes to spotting the roz.
You ask him if you like, but I would leave him to it if I was you.
Well whatever it is, could you get your man to turn the TV down?
It's a Samoan pub.
I thought this was a pub.
You want a pint, go to the pub.
No, I asked you to give me a refreshing drink. I wasn't expecting a fucking rainforest; you could fall in love with an orang-utan in that.
A cocktail, you asked for a cocktail.
What's that?
You heard of Harry Lonsdale? Otherwise known as Back-you-up with-a- Hatchet Harry, infamous for his removal of digits?
Yeah, Bazza, what?
Inside, out-fuckin'-side. I don't give a shit, you get those guns because if you don't . . .
We made a deal for everything inside the cabinet.
You fucking well have to get 'em!
I am not fucking interested.
They were . . .
Well you just better un-sell 'em, sharpish.
Not in the cabinet there wasn't. There was a couple of old hammer-lock muskets the butler was carrying; they were ours, and we sold 'em!
There were two old guns there; where are they?
I don't know what you mean.
Now, stop fucking around. The others, the old ones?
There are no others.
Where're the others?
Next time we do a job like this we gonna want more money, or we are going back to post offices and cars.
You should see what they did to poor Gary.
You get the guns?
I thought you said no staff, Bazza!
If it looks old, it's worth money, simple. So stop fucking moaning and rob the place.
Antiques? What the fuck do we know about antiques? We rob post offices and steal cars, what the fuck do we know about antiques?
Like antiques.
Like what?
Don't play innocent with me Bazza; spanking!
Er, very nice Harry. What's it for?
Good, you can get this under control now.
No mortgage, no debts; lock, stock, the sodding lot . . . don't worry, I got it under control.
And JD is his dad, and owns the whole property?
Where did he get a hundred grand?
Better than good, he is a fucking liability.
All right, all right, so we can say he is good.
Fucking Northern monkeys.
I hate these Southern shites.
Careful, remember who's giving you this job.
I see, one of those `on a need to know' basis things, like a James Bond film, is it?
You're doing it for me is all you need to know. You only know that because you need to know.
So who's the Guv? Who we doing this for?
It's a fucking stately home, of course there'll be something there.
Oh, thanks very much. And there had better be something there for us.
Oh, you must be the brains then. That's right, guns that fire shot . . . Make sure you bring everything from inside the gun cabinet. There will be a load of guns, that's all I want. I'll pay you when you deliver. Everything outside the cabinet you can keep; it's yours.
Shotguns? What, like guns that fire shot?
Well, I suggest you speak to him, then.
I have got something for ya. Well, for your boy, actually.
Yes?
I think I can help you, as it happens.
Can I help?
Nope.
Chris.  You come to collect something, Chris? Should I have something for you?
JD.
Good job, Chris.
It looks like ít, but who knows? The opportunity was there. In my experience it is best to take the opportunity if it is there.
They were going to pay, then?
Yeah, it's all there, to the pound.
Have you counted the money?
Er, yeah, sure, I'll have 'em.
The boys had 'em. I know you like these things; wondered if you wanted them?
No Harry, you can't.
It's about time you give my young friends a visit, Chris. Tomorrow is the day and mum seems to be the word, and I can't have that now, can I, Chris?
I am sure you have, no one was accusing you of being dishonest, John.
I won't be seeing you again Chris; I have paid him every last penny.
Hello, John. Nice holiday?
No chance of you lifting this sunbed up is there?
Son, have a look in his locker.
I'll have it for Mr Harry in a few days. I have been busy, and I am nearly there.
Did I say speak? And it's Mr Harry to you . . . Now don't disappoint me and chose your words carefully. You may speak.
Jesus Christ!
Mind your language in front of my boy.
You had better be careful.
Well, it's a five minute walk or a thirty second drive.
What are you doing?
All right, furry muff.
Well, you had better go and get it from the office. That's if you want to see your son reach his next birthday. Now chop-fuckin'-chop.
It's in an office; I have just left it in the office. 137
Very fucking funny. Where's what I want?
You all right back there, mate?
Made a few quid, did ya? Now where is it?
Son?
Well, put your seatbelt on then.
All right, Dad.
That should take care of that lot. We are now officially in the money- loaning business, all right, son?
Try that one.
It's not him, Dad.
Let's have a look, shall we?
Just carrying a bag.
Is he on his own?
About twenty minutes.
How long has he been in there, son?
I am sure you do, but I don't think you understand; I am not going to see them or the guns again.
I got the money to pay for 'em.
Not likely I am afraid; I don't think I'll be seeing them again.
You know those shotguns I sold ya, well I need 'em back.
What can I do for you?
Sure is.
Is that you, Dean?
That's no way to answer the phone.
Yeah?
Furry muff, let's go.
Listen, I don't care who lives in there; all as I know it's got to be preferable to death by Hatchet.
This is dangerous shit, Dean; we don't even know who lives in there.
We gotta get those guns.
We're in the spite. They were his fucking guns that we sold; we gotta find 'em.
Jesus, I have heard about him.
That was Hatchet Horrible Harry.
Who was that?
It just cost me fifty quid to have this done.  If you think I am going to ruin it for a couple of old bastards you're mistaken, Kenny.
Can't you pull that stocking down further, Kenny?
All right, Kenny.
OK Gary, we call each other Kenny, all right?
But...  Give it us here, you dozy sod. You hide and get the guns ready. Wait until they are well in, then give it to 'em.
We're not going next door until we've flayed these dead men walking. Count it out the back. I don't want them seeing you fingering that money as soon as they walk in.
Shit, Dog, there's a lot. Don't you want to do this next door?
The stupid bastards! Count it!
Dog, I have found the cash!
In fact it is a little more than a bit of a problem, isn't it? You could say that in the scale of these things this is the Mount fucking Everest of problems, couldn't you? . . . And the reason it is such a mon fucking-strosity of a problem is because you don't have the first fucking idea who did this to us, do you?
Er well, yes we do.
So we have a bit of a problem, don't we?
It is too late for you to start thinking John. It is a possibility and that is good enough for me. And after you strip the house, I want you to get every thieving slag this side of Ceylon and torture them, badly. I want to know who is responsible, otherwise I will hold you responsible.
What is the point in that? Even if it was a bug they would have taken it with 'em.
I want you to search the house for bugs. I mean I want you to strip it.
How about you? All right?
My neck, Dog.  That's the last bag?
OK, open the gate.
Yeah, one of them's out.
Who are you going to kill Plank? There's no one there.
Don't you stags move or I'll kill the lot of ya.
Just give me the keys.
It must be this one.
I didn't touch him, he just passed out.
What the fuck did you do to Fauntleroy?
Just hold on, I got the keys.

And it better bloody not be. Once he is firmly in place, he gets the rest of us in. We'll get nasty with a couple of them, shit 'em up, scare and gag 'em. I can't see these wankers giving us a problem, but they might have a couple of tools hanging around like any cowboy. When the job is done we'll come straight back here. It's dark by then, unload and Robert's your father's brother. Everybody savvy?
No.
What's that idiot doing next door?  We use your van. It's up some stairs this place, so we'll stick out like balls on a bulldog. Plank is going up first. There is a cage but it is never locked, is it Plank?
There is no such thing as easy in my experience and, if you think this is going to be easy, you're a dick. It may be easier than most but it's not going to be easy.
There's nothing to worry about, it's going to be easy.
Even if they could they'd be too shit scared. They have got no muscle; they're gutless faggots.
Is there no way they can get back to you?
I must have been there fifty times, it's never been locked; they're not suspicious. Everybody who goes there are toffs. They're all into that karma crap: `If I don't harm nobody, nobody harms me' stuff.
What do you mean, never? Well what have they got it for, then?
There's one steel gate as you go in but they never lock it.
Poofs. Nothing heavy, four public school guys. Soft as shite.
What they like then?
Well enough. I have been buying gear off one of them for a couple of years.
So do you know these geezers well?
Out the back.
And the weed?
Out the back.
Where?
Plank?
I mean it, there is only three of us here.
Do you want me to take his leg off? Where's the fourth?
There is only three of us here.
And all your friends, there's a good lad.
All right, all fucking right, I am coming.  Willie, he doesn't know you are here, just sort something out, OK.
Right, his leg's going now.
Get the sodding gate open now, Plank.
J, what's going on out there?  Get the rifle out, Charles. We're being fucked.
What the fuck is going on?
Willy, this is the last time, and don't let him know that you're here, otherwise he will be here all day, and get rid of him quick. We have work to do.
Hold on bollocks, no one but card players in here tonight sonny, and I do mean no one.
Samoan Jo's? Yon mean the pub? Hold on . . .
All right, just you; the others can wait in Samoan Jo's next door.
Well we have got about a hundred thousand pretty pieces of paper with the Queen on it. Will that do?
Yeah invitations, you know a pretty white piece of paper with your name on it.
Invitations?
Invitations.
I mean it's fucking empty.
What do you mean?
There's nothing in it!
Tom, go and throw those guns off a bridge.
I don't think we will take the risk for seven hundred quid.
I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more Harry, which means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt there's no more problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours because they are all dead. I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear.
Well, what's going on?
Listen, if he has the guns he might have the money . . . I think we should go and see him.
You what? What are you on about?
It's either that, my old boy's place, and we lose a digit daily. I am going to call him.
I hope this is the right move.
There is nowhere else to keep it, and it's the last place they are going to look. Anyway the battle's over and the war is won.
You think it's a good idea taking it back to yours?
That's it all done, we are off.
If you think I am going to war without one, you're mistaken, mate.
And look what happened to that.
Why not? The whole of the British Empire was built on cups of tea.
No I fucking don't! You can't make a cup of tea, Edward.
Where did they get those outfits from? Haven't we got some like that, Tom?
Where the fuck are they going? To butcher a sheep? I thought this was a robbery.
No, just one of them is in charge of them going to the job. So I assume he will still
Carrying them. They could all be carrying them for what we know.
And we will just have to find out who's going to be carrying them.
Jesus, Soap, stop being such a mincer. I thought about that and...
Guns! You never said anything about guns. A minute ago this was the safest job in the world, now it's turning in to a bad day in Bosnia . . .
Er, bad breath, colourful language and a feather duster! . . . What do you think they will be armed with? Guns, you tit!
What was that, armed? What do you mean, armed? Armed with what?
Hit the fuckers.
Well, what do you want us to do about it?
Well that depends on how you look at it. I can afford it as long as I see it again, if that's what you mean. You got the rest from the fat man and Bacon?
Are you sure you can afford twenty-five?
We paid seven hundred quid for those guns. They could hardly trace them to you, could they?
The only item that connects us with the crime is sitting in your car which is sitting outside?
I'll only be a minute.
Tom?
I'11 meet you in the car.
Tom, don't mess around, let's go.
This is our money, Tom! . . . Now I think we should go.
. . . What?
Tom, this is our case.
What do you mean, me?
You and me, Tom.
He said he thinks we have paid him, and he wants to talk about those guns . . . now.
Well, what did he say?
Where the hell are we supposed to hide?
Right as rain.
Everything all right out there, Tom?
Top of the list of priorities, how nice they look.
I dunno, but they look nice. I rather like ' em.
Er, let me guess, my foot in your arse? A game of cards and Hatchet Harry. You're supposed to be getting some rest, boy!
Why, what's up?
What the hell are you doing here?
He means they're thieving dogs.
What do you mean?
The man who decides if you can play is this man Harry, or Hatchet Harry as some including himself like to call him.
You see it's not easy to take a seat at this table; the money involved has to be a hundred grand upwards and there is no shortage of punters.
Bacon, the fat man and myself, and it's time to make a call to Harry.
Who's this fat man, then?
I bet you did. I have got half a million nicker sitting in front of me, which means that some poor sod doesn't. You must have upset a few people, boy . . . but that isn't really my concern, is it? But what does concern me is the guns you had. I want to talk to you about that. Get your arse over here now, and I do mean now!
I wanted to talk to you about that.
It's pay day, ain't it?
It's Ed, if that's what you mean.
That you, boy?
And still got a sense of humour. That's not monkey nuts son; you can still fold.  OK, before I loan you this, I expect, if you lose of course, my money back within a week, Crystal? That's Sunday, OK?
Unless you are going to accept twenty quid.
For half a million?
I'll see ya.
Well, you're going to have a problem carrying on, aintcha.
That's if I want to see you.
No, you need five hundred grand to see me.
I need two hundred and fifty grand.
I am not interested in what you would rather; I want to keep going. I am also offering you the money, so we don't have to turn them over because you can borrow.
I think I would rather just turn them over.
I will loan you the money.
You will what?
I will.
Yes . . . and is there something else you want to say? EDDY
That is quite a raise, one hundred and fifty on my hundred.
Never mind son, you just might meet him if you carry on like that.
Yup, you must be Harry? Sorry, I didn't know your father.
You must be Eddy. JD's son.
A hundred grand.
You got it all?
And you do have a reputation, so I'll choose my words carefully. But not to put too fine a point on it, fuck yourself, Harry!
What, and I care? Remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
Harry, that boy doesn't know his arsehole from his ear-hole, or you from a hoodwink. This bar is mine, and he has nothing to do with it.
Do you want me to draw a picture?
And?
I want your bar.
Yes?
I like your bar.
Go on.
What do you think I am doing? Hold on. What are you doing? Unlock that gate. Oi! I said unlock that fucking gate.
What are you doing, Plank?
I know.  Now shut it. You say a fucking word the right knee goes, another word then your left.
Sorry, got to do business like this now; can't be too careful these days.
Lives and learns doesn't one.
I didn't know you were a kebab man, Plank.
I thought you were going to leave me out there all day.
Hold on. OK.  Look Willie, it's Plank outside asking for you, he says it's in our interest.
I think you'll find it is in your interest.
I can't help you, Plank.
Look, could you just open the door so I could talk without shouting?
Well, perhaps I can't, Plank, if you know what I mean.
Well, perhaps you can help?
No, I'm afraid he's not. He's out at the moment.
All right, it's Plank. Is Willie there?
Hello, can I help you?
Rory Breaker is standing by. You stand to make a lot of money, Tommy boy.
All right, let's forget about them for the time being. What about your weed man?
Of course you will look mean, Tom, you will look really scary.
Range? I don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted, but I don't want anybody blowing a raspberry at me either. I want to look fucking mean.
Sawn-offs are out, Tom; people like to have a bit mare range nowadays.
Seven hundred each.
They look nice, I agree . . . but lacking in criminal credibility, aren't they? I might get laughed at. How much do you want for these muskets?
I got contacts. Listen Tom, if you pointed them at me I'd shit myself or do whatever you said to do. Either way you still get the desired effect.
Jesus, if I pick them up, will they stay in one piece? Where did you get them from?
I think you're Nick the Greek.
Bloody hell, Tom! This is a bit heavy. This is London, not the Lebanon' Who do you think I am?
Never mind that now. I also need some artillery, you know, a couple of sawn-off shotguns.
Jews don't celebrate Christmas, Tom.
Neither me, but it depends on what flicks your switch, and the light's on and burning bright for the masses.
Doesn't sound very good to me.
Not normal weed. This is some fucked-up skunk class A. I can't think let alone move shit.
You know it doesn't include the amp.
And that does include the amp?
You know how much it is, Nick.
How much did you say it was, Tom?
Of course you are. All right, Ed.
What are you talking about? I am bloody skinny, pal.
So I've just got to put you in, and I am off.
So?
My van is half full.
At what, exactly?
Look. Go on, look.
You've already been fifteen.
I'll only be a minute.
You got a ticket already and, if you don't move it now, sir, we will move it for you.
OK, don't panic; let's think about this.
That's fucked it. What do we do now? No money, no weed; it's all been swapped for a pile of corpses.
The money, the gear!
How come you know so much about black cocks and so little about white pussy?]
How the fuck should I know?
That's right. So how many whiskers has the little white kitten got?
Er, well, twelve.
How many feet?
Twelve.
How many wings have they got between them?
Six.
There's six black cocks sitting on the side of the road. How many beaks have they got between them?
Tom, the fatter you get, the sadder you get.
You would take a pain ín the arse full stop.
I would take a pain in the arse for half a million.
This guy Rory Breaker can afford to do the deal at the price we are selling. It's not worth him giving us trouble; he knows we would be a pain in the arse, and who wants a pain in the arse?
What about all the gear?
Hold on, give us half a chance to count it.
What's left over?'
When the bottle in my arse has contracted I'll let you know.
Well Jesus, that wasn't so bad, was it?
Nick the Greek.
Where did you get those from, a museum?
Well, excuse me, brother, mother or any other sucker, doesn't make any difference, they are still fucking guns, and they still fire fucking bullets!
It's the mother of fuck-ups, stupid!
Oh, you assume, do ya? What do they say about assumption being the brother of all fuck-ups?
Listen cooky, you want to make sure that man rests before he plays; it's in all our interests.
Tom, you're all heart.
What you telling us for? The only thing I care about is whether you get your rest in.
You're not funny Tom; you're fat and look as though you should be funny, but you're not.
Whatever it's going on, it's still enough to send you on a cooking course.
That's going on optimism.
So, a reasonable return should be in the region of one hundred and twenty, for twenty-five grand invested. That's going on previous experiences.
Get your fingers out of my soup!
If you will order stuff that comes from Kat-Man-Fucking-Du don't be surprised if your fruit picks up a few tourists en route. ~ Never mind that, what about the money?
Cupid stupid! That's the last time I am getting any more fruit off you Tom. Call that fresh? There was more small hairy armoured things in your fruit than there was fruit. You should open a butcher's, not a grocer's.
What have you come as?
I mean we grow copious amounts of ganja, and you don't look like your average hort-er-fucking-culturalist, that's what I mean, Willy.
What do you mean?
We also need a fucking money counter, William! We have to get the money out by Thursday and I'll be buggered if I am counting it . . . and if you have to get your sodding fertilizer, couldn't you be a little more subtle?
We need fertilizer, Winston.
You went out six hours ago to buy a money counter and you come back carrying two bags of fertilizer. Alarm bells are ringing, Willy.
Er, fertilizer.
What are you carrying, Willy?
The problem is, Willy, that Charlie and yourself are not the quickest of cats in the alley at the best of times, so just do as I say and keep the fucking cage locked.
Chill, Winston, it's me and Charlie can see it's me, so what's the problem?
It's pathetic. You can't be desperately in love when you're 14 years old.
So?
Joanie Orozco's telling the whole school she's like desperately in love with Santo Guerra.
Just shut up.
And those stupid girls who hang out with them--
I don't pretend I came over on the Mayflower--
Who'd want to be friends with that bunch of pachuco wannabes?
I'm not talking to you. You don't have any friends.
You jerk--
Catholic school, nasty.
Two years at hard labor, Our Lady of Perpetual Help.
And what did she do?
I said pretty much the same thing to my mother when I was your age.
It's my life. If I want to fuck it up, that's my business.
If you grew up to he anywhere near as good a man as your father was, I would be happy! I would be thrilled.
Oh, come on--you and Grandma think anybody who works with their hands is a peasant. When Dad--
That isn't true.
I'm not settling for anything. I like cars, it's just not a move up the ladder to you, so you think it's a waste.
I think you can learn whatever you want to. I just don't see you doing it. If you want to settle for--
You think I can't learn that?
You can fix old cars. Mr. Washburn told me that the cars they're making now are all computerized--
I can fix cars.
How do you think you're going to make a living?
Save your breath. That line doesn't cut it with me.
They stole our land--
That makes it okay?
Just some rich Anglo out on the lake. Don't even live here all year.
Don't try to con me, Amado. You knew how they got all those things.
They're not going to jail.
So I'm worried about you. I don't want you to end up in jail like your friends.
So?
--you're going to be on your own.
I can't take any more school.
I'm only going to have you for two more years. If you decide not to go on to college--
You and all of the teachers in this dump--your story's over, so you don't want anybody else to have fun.
Leave your sister out of it.
Just 'cause I'm not like Little Miss Honor Roll here--
Oh, come on, Amado--
If you had your way I wouldn't have any friends.
You'll find out when I get you home. Thanks, Sam.
I don't know what the big deal is.
Thank you, sir.
You're dismissed, Private.
Yes, sir.
Why don't you start with that?
No, sir. They all been real straight with me.
Any serious problems with your sergeant or your fellow soldiers?
No, sir. Not at all.
Do you think you've been discriminated against on this post?
They got people to fight. Arabs, yellow people, whatever. Might as well use us.
Why do you think they let us in on the "deal"?
Chaos.
Outside it's--it's such a mess--it's--
Because it's a job?
I do, sir.
With your attitude, Private, I'm surprised you want to stay in the service.
I mean, follow orders, sir.
Do whatever they tell you--
Work hard, be good at your job. Sir. Do whatever they tell you.
How do you think I got to be a colonel?
It's their country. This is one of the best deals they offer.
Please.
You really want to know, sir?
Well?
And that's the job? Nothing about serving your country?
The--the officers.
Who's "they"?
Follow orders. Do whatever they say.
What exactly do you think your job is, Private?
I am, sir.
You don't sound too enthusiastic.
I-I can do the job, sir.
Do you believe in what we're doing here, Private Johnson?
Yes, sir--
When you were given the opportunity to enlist, a kind of contract was agreed upon. I think the Army has honored its part of that agreement.
I'm sorry, sir.
Then how would you explain the fact that out of one hundred twenty people we tested, you're the only one who came up positive for drugs?
No, sir--
Private Johnson, are you unhappy in the Army?
Thank you, Sergeant Major.
You're dismissed.
Thank you, Sergeant Major.
If the incident happened the way you say it did, there hasn't been an infraction.
Will this go on my record?
He's going to lose a lung. This is not good news for Athena--
Out of the Army?
He'll live.
Sergeant Major? How is Richie doing? Private Graves?
I'm sorry, Sergeant Major. There wasn't anything I could do. Shadow gets crazy--
It's not our job to get involved in your personal life, but when it interferes with the training here--
From back in Houston. We both come up on Fifth Street.
So you knew this young man before?
Yes, Sergeant.
You and one hundred nineteen other fortunate individuals. Put it in gear.
You're testing me?
I'm very happy to hear that, Private. Now you go put some pee-pee in a cup for Dr. Innis and I'll be feeling okay, too.
I'm feeling okay--
Report to Dr. Innis at the clinic.
Sergeant?
Private Johnson!
I know that, Sergeant. We were just dancing. There was a bunch of us there. Shadow just come down looking for trouble.
We're not running a dating service here.
We were just dancing--
And you and Private Graves--
If I had I wouldn't have gone in.
Did you know he was going to be there last night?
Yeah, it's a pretty cold trail.
What I will do is keep names out of it till we got some answers or hit a dead end. You know how the press is with a murder story--even if it's forty years old.
You got to investigate. No question about it.
If it was some poor mojado, swam across at night, got lost in the scrub and starved out there, we wouldn't go any further. But this is a formerly prominent citizen.
So is Buddy on your short list?
Just wondering.
He swore by it.  What?
A .45--
Colt Peacemaker.
You uhm--you remember what old Buddy carried for a side arm?
So he could have gone out to the base, hopped the fence, dug down into the dirt on the old rifle range and had a heart attack.
Skull was intact, no soft tissue left--not much to go on.
You got a cause of death?
Everybody on the border knows that story.
You know the popular version of how he left town.
Yeah.
--it didn't come out of a cereal box.
That badge--
Charley Wade.
Male, 40 to 50 years old, five-foot- eleven, chewed tobacco--then we get into the dental records--
Nice job.
We find a body, it's either Skinny or Stinky, depending on how much meat there is on the bones.
Skinny?
Yeah, this is Skinny.
That the word on our boy?
Yeah, we'll have folks swimming over to Mexico to work in the sweatshops.
Gonna pull a lot of jobs out of this county.
September '97, that's all she wrote.
I hear they're closing that post down.
Business is booming. Got your drugs, got your illegals--had a shooting the other night at Big O's--Soldier got ventilated.
How's business?
Hey, Ben. Thanks for coming down.
Sam the Man.
Now or later, Charley. You won't have any trouble finding me.
You little pissant--
There's not a soul in this county isn't sick to death of your bullshit, Charley. You made yourself scarce, you could make a lot of people happy.
You're fired. You're outta the department.
Whole different story; isn't it?
Who said anything about shootin' anybody?
You ever shoot anybody was looking you in the eye?
You do whatever I say you do or else you put it on the trail, son.
I'm not picking it up.
You feeling bad for Jimmy? Have him tell you the size of the mordida they took out of his hide when he run a place on the other side. Those old boys in Ciudad Leon--
That's not the point.
There's gonna be some left over for you, Buddy. I take care of my boys.
It's your deal. You sweated it out of him, you pick it up.
I roust some muchacho on the street, doesn't have his papers, all he got to say is "Yo trabajo para Jimmy Herrera."
So?
Jimmy got a kitchen full of wetbacks, most of 'em relatives. People breed like chickens.
What's that for?
Thanks. I like it when you say that, Sam.
You look good, Bunny. It's nice to see you.
"I only got my little girl now," he says, "she's my lifeline." Then he tells me I can't be in the box anymore if I can't control myself. Sonofabitch don't even watch the damn game, just sits there drinking with his bidness friends, look up at the TV now and then. I do better to sit in the cheap seats with some real football people.
I think they have another fella there to keep it off your chest. A spotter.
This boy from West Side, plays tackle both ways. Bench-presses 350 pounds. You imagine having that much weight on top of you? Pushing down? Be hard to breathe. Hard to swallow.
What?
350 pounds.
No, it wasn't, was it? You didn't exactly throw yourself into it heart and soul, did you?
It wasn't just you, Bunny.
You kind of bought yourself a pig in a poke, didn't you, Sam? All that time we were first seeing each other you didn't know I was tightly wound--
Suppose not.
You watch the draft this year? 'Course you didn't, idiot question. They try to make it dramatic, like there's some big surprise who picks who in the first round? Only they been working it over with their experts and their computers for months. Doctor's reports, highlight reels, coaches' evaluations, psychological profiles--hell, I wouldn't be surprised if they collected stool samples on these boys, have 'em analyzed. All this stuff to pick a football player for your squad. Compared to that, what you know about the person you get married to don't amount to diddly, does it?
You didn't--uhm--you didn't have one of your fires, did you? The stuff I left in the garage--some of it was my father's--
Yeah. Sort of. Daddy rounds 'em up. You aren't talking about money, their beady little eyes go dead.
No. You?
Least he never called me that. With me, it was always "high-strung." "My Bunny might have done something with her life, she wasn't so high-strung." Or "tightly wound," that was another one. You seeing anyone?
Bunny, is that stuff I left in the garage still there?
Daddy hired a pinhead to take your job. He says so himself. Says "Even my son-in-law was better than this pinhead I got now".
Best part of the job.
You look awful good in that uniform, though.
Same weight I always was.
Daddy calls it an "altercation." How you doing, Sam? You look skinny.
You were in a fight--
--they hadn't pulled me off that woman I would have jerked a knot in her.
Yeah, well--
--and that squeaker the Aggies dropped to Oklahoma-sonofabitch stepped in some lucky shit before he kicked that goal--
You look good--
Last year was awful rough--Mama passing on and the whole business with O.J.--I mean it's not like it was Don Meredith or Roger Staubach or one of our own boys, but it really knocked me for a loop--
No, you look good. I was just wondering.
Do I seem jumpy?
Bunny, you--uhm--you on that same medication?
Well, Daddy's got his box at the stadium, of course, and I'll fly to the Cowboy away games when they're in the Conference. Then there's the high school on Friday' nights. West Side got a boy 6'6", 310, moves like a cat. High school, we're talkin'. Guess how much he can bench-press?
You still going to all the home games?
Rio. BUNNY Right. This kid, Hosea Brown? Does tire 40 in 3.4, soft hands, lateral movement--the whole package. Only a sophomore--
Oh. Right. And you're in--?
That's in Maverick County.
The Longhorns gonna kick some serious butt this Saturday, you just watch. We got a kid at tailback from down your way--outta El Indio--
He never asked her.
My mother said he never asked about--
Otis went on like you were that guy who won the Gulf War. Colin whatsit.
It's a small post and they're phasing it out in two years, but I moved up in rank and--well, a command is a command.
Yeah, I know--Man made me memorize the whole damn Army chain of command before he'd marry me. So this is a big deal, commander and  all?
I'm a colonel.
Otis stood on good terms with the man. Whenever you do something makes the news, he sends it on. When they made you General, Otis just about drove away all our customers going on about it.
Uncle Al--
Your mother got a brother--Alphonse--
Where'd he get all this?
There was a bunch of 'em You never met. Me neither.
I never met her.
I been here with him eight years now. He built it when he was with Leora.
You've been in this house for a while?
Come on in.
If it's too late--
Come on in--
Colonel. Is uhm--is Otis in?
Hey, it's the General.
So that's him--
You'll get official notification when I make my decision. He is out the door--Otis pulls himself a beer as Carolyn steps back out--
Well, he's living proof of that, son. Living proof.
My father says the day you're  born you start from scratch, no breaks and no excuses, and you got to pull yourself up on your own.
By blood you are. But blood only means what you let it.
So I'm part-Indian?
These are our people. There were Paynes in Florida, Oklahoma, Piedras Negras--couple of 'em won the whatsit-- Congressional Medal Of Honor--
So how come you got into all this?
When you're his age you'll still be pissed off about him.
He's still pissed off about it.
Didn't have a father?
I mean, just 'cause he didn't--you know--
Well--
Public Display of Affection. Every time he moves up a rank, it's like he's got to tighten the screws a little more--
PDA?
No sports if I don't keep a B average, no TV on school nights, no PDA's--
He's a pretty tough old man, huh?
Are you kidding? And face a court- martial?
You didn't go telling your father you were here?
That guy who got shot--
I got a pretty good guess.
You know who I am?
They were in the Army. Like your father.
But they were Indians themselves.
Same as they done in Mexico.
They fought against the Indians?
Men worked for Santa Anna down there, waited out the Civil War. The land wasn't much to feed people on, so in 1870 they come north and put up at Fort Duncan and the men joined up what was called the Seminole Negro Indian Scouts. Best trackers either side of the border. Bandits, rustlers, Texas rednecks, Kiowa, Comanche--
They got tired of fighting, went to the Indian Territories for a while. But the slave-raiders were on 'em even there, and one night they packed up and nearly the whole band rode down to Mexico. Crossed at Eagle Pass.
So they stayed in Florida?
They teaching that now?  Good. Only a couple of 'em held out--this man, John Horse, and his friend Wild Cat, and a fella name of Osceola. Army put all of them in prison and Osceola died, but them other two escaped and put together a fighting band and held out another ten, fifteen years. Beat Zach Taylor and a thousand troops at Lake Okeechobee.
The Trail of Tears.
He was part of the Seminole Nation, got pushed down into the Everglades in pioneer days. African people who run off from the slaveholders hooked up with them, married up, had children. When the Spanish give up Florida, the U.S.Army come down to move all them Indian peoples off to Oklahoma--
Both.
He a Black man or an Indian?
Spanish in Florida called him Juan Caballo. John Horse.
Go out through the back.
No sir.
You weren't in here tonight, were you?
Cool.
Maybe we'll clean that thing out back up, have a barbecue next weekend. We could invite him and his wife over.
He does.
Yeah. He lives here, right?
My father.
Are we going to ever see your father?
Good.
Fine. I'm pretty much moved in.
How's your room shaping up?
No.
You wouldn't?
Not that I don't think you'd be good at it, but--you know--I wouldn't be disappointed if you decided to do something else with your life.
So you're going into the Army?
You got to be in the Army, you might as well have something slick to drive.
Tanks, huh?
I finished that. I'm just messing around.
Homework?
How many B-average students do you think they take at West Point?
I have a B average.
I thought we already had this out? Next year, if your grades are high enough--
Dad, I talked to the track coach--
Dad, can I talk to you about track?
Big O was always there with a  smile or a loan or a free drink.
"Hey, Delmore, where's your Daddy?"
Dad--?
Dad--
Otis Payne was never embarrassed about a thing in his life.
My government can go fuck itself, and so can yours. I'm talking about people here--men. Mi amigo Eladio Cruz is giving some friends of his a lift in his camion one day--
Your government always been pretty happy to have that line. The question's just been where to draw it
Bird flying south-you think he sees that line? Rattlesnake, javelina-- whatever you got--halfway across that line they don't start thinking different. So why should a man?
You ever know a fella named Eladio Cruz?
Something like that.
Made some money, came back here--
Fifteen years in El Paso.
You lived in the States for a while?
This place, the one across the street, four other ones around Ciudad Leon-- soy el Rey de las Llantas. King of the Tires. Lots of your people rollin' back over that bridge on my rubber.
You own this place?
Recycling, right? We invented that. The government doesn't have to tell people to do it.
What's it doing on a rifle range?
They were using M-1's, yeah--
This is the stuff we picked up the other day, right? The rest of this is all .30 caliber--
Yeah?
It's a .45.
What--it's a bullet. I'm lousy with bullets here.
Mikey look at this--
If I stayed out past ten with the guys she'd go into her Madame Butterfly routine--
Mikey--
Her parents acted like I was gonna blow my nose on their curtains--
Mikey--
I knew she was Japanese going into it, but she didn't tell me the ninja assassin part--
Hey, Mikey--
Always heartwarming to see a prejudice defeated by a deeper prejudice.  But marriage, man--I did two tours in Southeast Asia and I was married for five years--I couldn't tell you which experience was worse.
Priscilla says they think any woman over 30 who isn't married must be a lesbian. She figures they'll be so relieved I'm a man--
You met her family? They gonna be cool about you being a white guy?
Maybe.
You going to get married?
I think it's beyond what you'd call dating.
Never thought I'd see the day a buddy of mine was dating a woman with three up and three down on her shoulder.
You get the feeling he doesn't want to be here?
Guy cracks walnuts with his asshole.
We had a kid pass out in the men's room. The town isn't much.
Since I've been stationed here? A fistfight now and then--
He can't hear with that rig on-- Mikey!
The Sheriff says we shouldn't touch anything,
Cliff--
You live in a place, you should know something about it. Explore--
Cliff--
Man knows a hundred-fifty varieties of beer, he can't tell a poinsettia from a prickly pear.
Looks like a lot of cactus to me.
It's not just cactus.  There's the nopals, the yuccas--
You finding lots of cactus and shit?
I don't know why I'm talking to you, you've got that thing on your head.
Right.
It's a lead mine.
What?
Lead mine.
This place is a gold mine.
You know who it was they dug up?
They stopped training infantry there in the late '50s. It was just a playground for the jackrabbits till they gave it to the county last year.
Man's gonna retire in two years and he offer to quit. Big goddamn deal.
I'd quit the Army for you, if it came to that.
It's up or out these days, Cliff. Say I get transferred to a different post--
You could take it--
And if I get a shot at a promotion somewhere--
We should just do it.
We been through this before--
Seriously, I think we should get married.
Seriously.
Well--I don't see what's changed. No - PDA's, no necking on the obstacle course.
So where does that put us?
She's pulled herself out of a pretty rough neighborhood.
But I'm the one in charge of her sorry ass.
Hey--she's in a tough situation. I cut her some slack--
You spoil 'em, Cliff.
He'll probably be getting a medical discharge--
He'll be transferred to a military hospital as soon as he's stabilized--
Sheriff Deeds was in on our archeological find yesterday.
Pleased to meet you.
Sheriff--hi--this is Sergeant--this is Priscilla Worth.
Old bullets.  He uhm-- makes art with them.
Treasure hunter?
Masons been around a long while.
That ring--
I've got the forensics fella coming down from the Rangers. No way to know how old the body is without some lab work.
This was a rifle range way back when. But we figured it isn't Army land anymore, it's your jurisdiction.
I was driving back from Apache Wells when they got me on the radio.
Old Sam stood for somethin', you know? The day that man died they broke the goddamn mold.
Yeah. I bet he would.
--but just as a kind of safety tip.
--warning. Not 'cause he had it in for the colored
Take that pair over in the corner--
You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job.
You joke about it, Sam, but we are in a state of crisis. The lines of demarcation has gotten fuzzy--to run a sucessfull civilization you got to have lines of demarcation between right and wrong, between this one and that one--your Daddy understood that. He was like the whatchacallit-- the referee for this damn menudo we got down here. He understood how most people don't want their sugar and salt in the same jar.
Good deal you were born down here, then.
--but I gotta say I think there's something to this cold climate business. I mean, you go to the beach- what do you do? Drink a few beers, wait for a fish to flop up on the sand. Can't build no civilization that way. You got a hard winter coming, though, you got to plan ahead, and that gives your cerebral cortex a workout.
If the next guy's a redneck.
Now I'm just as liberal as the next guy--
Appreciate it, sir.
I sprint the last quarter mile. You gentlemen don't have to keep up if you don't care to.
I meant on the post. In general. How are you dealing with it?
Well, yeah, but I went through the Program. I haven't had a drink since--
Substance abuse?
You know how it is, Colonel--first time away from home, dealing with new people--I remember my first hitch--
Have we had trouble there before?
There's not that much down here, Colonel. Big O's is the only place in the county that our African American soldiers are uhm--that they feel comfortable in.
Because I'm your father.
Why would you want to do that?
I gonna meet that family of yours?
A lot of 'em choose both. There's not like a borderline between the good people and the bad people--you're not either on one side or the other--
And people make their choice--
Over the years, this is the one place that's always been there. I loan a little money out, settle some arguments. Got a cot in the back- people get afraid to go home they can spend the night. There's not enough of us to run anything in this town- the white people are mostly out on the lake now and the Mexicans hire each other. There's the Holiness Church and there's Big O's place.
I hear things, too.  People call you the Mayor of Darktown.
Right.
The Army hands you a command, you go wherever it is.
I been hearing rumors about this new commander coming for a couple weeks now. Boys say they heard he's a real hard case. Spit-and-polish man. Full- bird colonel name of Payne, they say-- Bet you never figured you end up back here.
That's right.
Well, you're the Man out there now, aren't you? It's your call.
We have an enlisted man's club at the post.
Your boys out there cooped up together, need somewhere they can let the steam out. If they're Black, there's not but one place in this town they feel welcome. Been that way since before you were born.
I assume a lot of your business is from our people.
This is an official visit, then--
So tell me why I shouldn't make this place off-limits.
So.
Nice to meet you, Ma'am.
This here's Carolyn. Honey, this is my son, Delmore.
If I thought it would help I'd put up a sign telling them not to. Right under the one about the employees washing their hands.
Deal drugs in the bathroom--
It's a bar. People come together, drink, fall in love, fall out of love, air their grudges out--
You get much of that in here?
That's where he fell.
That where he was shot?
Hobby of mine. Got some artifacts, couple pieces one of your men out at the base made. Free admission.
Black Seminoles?
Just a shotgun, huh? Better let me take a look at that.
Si--tengo escopeto--just a shotgun--
You carryin' a firearm, son?  Don't lie to me now.
Protection?
There's many an unfortunate soul been ambushed out on this stretch. Hope you're carrying some protection.
Bandidos, Injuns--
Reputation?
You know this road got a bad reputation, Eladio--
Eladio Cruz.
This same person been bragging all over the county how he don't have to cut that big gringo Sheriff in on it-- he can run his own operation 'thout any help. Como se llama, amigo?
I haven't seen anybody doing that.
I heard somebody been haulin' wets on this road.
Not much, jefe. Some watermelons.
What's in the back?
No hay de que. Tengo otra. [No problem, I've got another.]
Hola, amgio. Problemas de llanta? [Hey, friend. Tire problems?]
Me llama Eladio Cruz--Bienvenido a Tejas. [Welcome to Texas.]
Mercedes Gonzales Ruiz.
Como se llama? [What's your name?]
No te molestas. Tenemos a ella. [Don't worry. We've got her.]
Vi a Rosaria arastrado para el corriente--[I saw Rosaria taken away by the current--]
Aqui! Venga por aqui! [Over here! Come this way!]
No puedo ver la orilla! [I can't see the bank!]
Aqui! [Here!]
Donde esta? Estoy perdido--[Where are you? I'm lost--]
Don't worry about it. He owes me some favors.
Senora, anything it costs, I can work--
A casa de Porfirio Zayas. He used to be a doctor on the other side. Gunshot wounds, fixing babies--if you can pay he can handle it.
Donde vamos? [Where are we going?]
Rapidamente! Everybody in the world is going to see!
Tipico.
We have a daughter.
This girl has a child?
I am marry to the cousin of a friend-- but only to be able to live here. This is the mother of my child--
I thought you were married!
Es mi novia. [She's my girlfriend.]
This girl is a friend of yours?
No es la verdad--[That isn't true--]
You think you're doing these people a favor? What are they going to do? Either they get on welfare or they become criminals--
No! No puede hacer esto--[You can't do that--]
They need help. Jaime, Anselma-- esta es mi jefa--
Enrique! Quienes son estos? How could you bring them here?
We was crossin' the river--
Don't tell me lies, Enrique. Que paso?
We was by the river? And I hear my friend callin' for help, and I look and she has falling in the water--
You have somebody else out there?
I have some friends who have had a accident--
In English, Enrique. We're in the United States--
Hay pasado un accidente muy grave-- [There's been a bad accident--]
What are you doing out there? Are you crazy?
Soy yo, Enrique! No tiene miedo-- [It's me, Enrique. Don't be afraid]
Quien es? [Who is it?]
Senora Cruz?
Buenas noches, Senora Cruz. Enrique walks in the opposite direction--
Good night, Enrique. She slides into the car--
Is very beautiful, your car.
En ingles Enrique. This is the United States. We speak English.
Es muy lindo, su coche--
--but Buddy Deeds was my salvation.
Your mother was a saint.
We made our collection at Roderick's place and that was the last anybody seen hide nor hair of him.  He went missing the next day, along with ten thousand dollars in county funds from the safe at the jail.
Charley Wade were known to have put a good number of people in the ground, and your daddy gets eyeball to eyeball with him.
That Buddy was a cool breeze.
"Mas cerveza por favor."
And the Sheriff at the time was Big Charley Wade. Charley was one of your old-fashioned bribe-or-bullets kind of Sheriffs, he took a healthy bite out of whatever moved through this county.
'57, 1 believe--
The two of us were the only deputies back then me and Buddy--it's what-- '58--
Hell, everybody heard that story a million times.
Tell that one, Hollis--
That's not the whole story. The Mexicans that know, that remember, understand what Buddy was for their people.  Hell, it was Mercedes over there who swung the deciding vote for him.
They just wanted it to be one of theirs--
Bad enough all the street names are in Spanish--
King wasn't Mexican, Fenton--
Every other damn thing in the country is called after Martin Luther King, they can't let our side have one measly park?
Better late than never. Korean War hero, Sheriff for near thirty years-- Buddy Deeds Memorial P--
Big day coming up--I wish we'd have thought of it while he was still living. But he went so unexpected.
He was a unique individual.
Sam! I was just telling a few about your old man.
He known who it was onnacouna the tire tracks in the dirt from the back of the garage to where they loaded up. "Old Fishbait," he says, "never lifted a thing in this world if there was a way he could roll it."
Buddy Deeds. He had a way.
"Fishbait," says Buddy, in that quiet way of his, "What you know about them tires that went missing from markets?" Fishbait thinks for a minute, then he lifts up a loose board from the porch floor and calls down into it, "C'mon out, Pooter, they caught us!"
When you backed me you needed somebody named Deeds to bump the other fella out of office.  Hey, folks--
When we backed you--
We need a drug rehab program, we need a new elementary school--
Dammit, Sam, the people are concerned about crime--
We're already renting cells to the Feds for their overflow--
That's a matter of interpretation--
We don't need a new jail.
Which is why we need to talk to you about the new jail--just so we're all on the same page.
Rather have that than the ten-foot- high catfish statue--
That kind of talk doesn't help, Sam.
Jorge and his Chamber of Commerce boys got to keep things hummin'--
Seems like we have another one every week.
Historic occasion, isn't it?
Word gets out who that body was, people are gonna think Buddy done it.
Don't think the Rangers are likely to find out any more than they already have.
Widow's benefits. He figured it would make the disappearance look better, and that Mexican gal was just scrapin' by after Charley killed her man. They didn't get hooked up till late--
And the ten thousand?
The three of us cleaned up and took him to the post and put him under. Can't say I was much help.
Buddy Deeds was a murderer.
Buddy Deeds--
Yeah, and my mother was a saint. For fifteen years the whole damn town knew he had another woman on the side. Stole ten thousand dollars to set her up in business. But hell, what's that? You got a problem? Buddy'll fix it. Facing some time in jail? Buddy'll knock half of it off-- if you do what he says, when he says. You got some business that's not exactly legal? Talk to Buddy--
Your father had the finest sense of justice of any man I ever met--
Imonna find out one way or the other.
Open late.
Hey, Sam.
Fellas.
I got to go see somebody in San Antonio today. Your memory gets any better, I'll be back tonight.
You lived in the man's house what-- seventeen, eighteen years? And you didn't get to know him any better than that?
I think somewhere between Roderick Bledsoe's club and his house, Wade ran into Buddy Deeds. I think Buddy put a bullet in him, waited for him to die, threw him in the trunk of the Sheriff's car and drove him out by the Army post, I think he buried him under four feet of sand and never looked back.
Do you?
I got an idea what happened.
I wish I could tell you I remembered something new, but I can't.
Charley Wade.
We have a murder?
You thought any more about our murder?
Sam! Quite a do the other day. It meant a lot to folks that you said something.
Morning, Hollis.
And I understand why you might want to think he could.
People have worked this whole big thing up around my father. If it's built on a crime, they deserve to know. Now I understand why you might want to believe he couldn't do it.
We got that dedication tomorrow. This is a hell of a time to be draggin' up old business.
And Buddy was one of them.
There's no call for that, Sam. Fella made himself a pile of enemies over the years.
Besides my father, I mean.
Forensics people are sure of it. You have any idea who might have put him there?
No. I think his widow's still in their place in Darktown, though.  You think it's Charley Wade, huh?
He still living?
He owned the colored roadhouse before Big O--
Bledso
I told the story enough times--hell, we were just in the car, he was stewing about the fight with Buddy while we drove over to Roderick Bledsoe's--
You don't remember anything else from that last night you saw him, do you?
All it was wearing was a big old Masonic ring and a Rio County Sheriffs badge.
Charley? I believe he was. Used to go for lodge meetings over to Laredo. What's he got to do with your body?
You recall if Charley Wade was a Mason?
Was it Davy Crockett or Jim Bowie?
We found a body out by the Army base yesterday. Been there for a long time.
Just as well. The new people just painted it some God-awful color--
No.
You go by your old house?
I haven't been out here for a while.
Sounds great. Where do I sign up?
Floating around out here, playin' hell with them bass--play a little cards, play a little golf, drink some beer--
Sam! Hey podner! You caught me playing hooky--
I always wondered what you Mayors do when you're not cutting ribbons.
Look, I know you had some problems with your father, and he and Muriel-- well--
Right.
Oh--he come to an accommodation. Money doesn't always need to change hands to keep the wheels turning.
Not a peep. Buddy run the man out of town.
Never heard from him again?
She put it even at three to three, so as the Mayor I get to cast the tiebreaker. The older generation won't have any problem with it. They remember how Buddy come to be Sheriff, that it was all 'cause he took their part.
That so?
Right. But nobody here ever noticed him till they read his name on the national news--
--Santiago.
There was a faction pulling for that boy who was killed in the Gulf War-- Ruben--
Oh, you know, the usual troublemakers. Danny Padilla from the Sentinel, that crowd.
I heard there was a bit of a fuss.
Look, I'm not gonna campaign against your deal here, but if anybody asks me, I got to tell them the truth. We-- don't--need--a new jail.
There isn't money allocated for that. But a jail--
It wouldn't happen to be your construction company gonna get the bid on building this thing, would it, H.L. And Jorge, you wouldn't be thinking about a couple dozen new jobs to dangle in front of the voters--
There was a mandate in the last election--
Danny's gonna be out for blood the next time.
He agreed it wasn't exactly news--
The Perdido thing?
I got Eddie Richter at the Sentinel to kill that story.
You ought to put up a banner-- "Frontera, Texas: Gateway to Cut- Rate Pussy"--
Sam--
People come here to catch bass and to get laid at the Boy's Town in Cuidad Leon--
We're building up tourism, Sam--
You told me one time it was true love.
I'm unmarried. I'm not available.
The old-high-school-heartthrob Sheriff. I thought you were crazy about each other. He's available, you're available--
The Sheriff.
How 'bout the Sheriff?
All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish.
You got to be interested in somebody. All you do is work.
Sure, they go back to Cortez. When he rode by, they were squatting in a hut cooking hamsters for dinner.
Your mother's family is Spanish?
Spanish, please. My mother would have a heart attack.
Steve. Board of Education Steve who likes you? He goes for us hot-blooded Mexican girls, I can tell.
Steve?
Steve called for you.
"That boy"--Mami, say his name for chrissakes!
I never said that. It was just that boy--
What? Become a nun? You didn't want me going out with Anglos--
I felt that you could do better for yourself--
You made it pretty damn clear you thought he was nobody.
I never said that.
Mami, the first time I brought him home, those were your exact words-- "some chulo with grease under his nails."
I don't mean Fernando.
Thank you.
Maybe now. It was different back then. I had this place, I was doing all the shopping, all the cooking. What do I need some chulo with grease under his nails to drink up the profit?
Nobody's too busy.
I was too busy.
There must have been somebody.
How come you never got married again?
A little older than Paloma is now.
Right. When he was killed.
He was killed.
Mami, how old were you when my father--
You want to see Mexicans, open your eyes and look around you. We're up to our ears in them.
Oh, come on--you must be curious how it's changed. Amado is into this big Tejano roots thing and I've never been further than Ciudad Leon--
Why would I want to go there?
No. I was wondering if you'd like to take a trip down south with us. Maybe see where you grew up--
Did you come here to tell me how to run my business?
If you spent a little more time training them--
Nobody is illegal in my cafe! They've got green cards, they've got relatives who were born here--if they only had a little common sense I'd be very happy.
Well, you hire illegals--
If they're going to survive here, they have to know how to work, Elalco! Adelante! Los clientes esperan!
Maybe you're just getting less patient.
These ones coming up are getting stupider every year.
Do you remember the last time you saw him?
Not if they was colored or Meskin. Not if they wanted to keep breathin'.
People didn't complain?
Sheriff Buddy was a different story. Long as Roderick throw his weight the right way on election day, make sure all the colored get out to vote- we was called colored back then, if you was polite--maybe throw a barbecue for the right people now and then, things was peaceful. That Sheriff Wade, though, he took an awful big bite.
And my father?
Wasn't legal to sell liquor in a glass back then unless you was a club, see. Roderick used to say, "Buy yourself a drink, you get a free membership." But Sheriff Wade, he could shut you down anytime.
He squeezed money out of you?
Them days, you deal with Sheriff Wade or you didn't deal at all. First of the month, every month, he remind you of who you really workin' for.
You had to deal with him in running the club.
Not if I can help it.
So you must remember Sheriff Wade.
We run that twenty-odd years. Give it over to Otis Payne in 1967. April.
He had the club out on the old trail road--
I won't say nothing bad about the man, but you can ask away.
You mind if I ask a few questions about your husband? Roderick?
Well, don't ever start up on 'em, cause once you do you can't stop. I tell myself I'm gonna play just three little games after breakfast, and here I sit with half the day gone.
I've seen 'em.
You ever play one of these?
Yeah, that's the story of my life.
Sheriff Deeds' dead, honey--you just Sheriff junior.
I'm Sheriff Deeds--
That's me.
Mrs. Bledsoe?
I have new respect for some of my kids, meeting the parents they've been dealt--
I'd like to see them spend a day pulling 14-year-olds off of each other--I should get combat pay--
I don't think you can take it personally--
He's going to wish he was dead.
No. Is he sick?
Okay? He's not here?
Pilar, is uhm--is Amado okay?
Yeah. How about that? People start digging holes in this county, there's no telling what'll come up.
Hollis probably told you we found Charley Wade.
I'm not open. We were just talking.
He ever accept cash for a favor?
Buddy was more a part of the big picture--county political machine, chamber of commerce, zoning board if I kept those people happy, he was pretty much on my side.  Whenever somebody thought--they start up another bar for the black  folks, they'd be--how should I put this? They'd be officially discouraged.
What was your deal with him?
What about it?
And when my father was Sheriff?
Could of been. That was white people's business.
That was the night he disappeared?
Oh--I think he came in one more time with Hollis and--naw, your Daddy wasn't with them. Made their monthly pickup. Roderick wasn't in so I just kept my mouth good and shut and handed over that envelope.
And that was the last time you saw him?
I didn't understand the spot I was putting Roderick in.
Oh, my mother wanted to keep me away from away from boys.
How come?
I only went for my last two years.
Just 'cause you went to Catholic school and wore a uniform.
Enough with the clothes--
I could name five girls at school who have one just like it--
Nobody really wears that stuff, Paloma.
Can I get this?
Yeah. I had uhm--school business.
You got in late last night.
It's Saturday.
She finally got in--
What do you think?
What's she singing about?
For a while.
You gonna stay out here?
Yeah?
Mom?
It doesn't have anything to do with being smart.
What?
Of course you can.
Not if you have half a brain in your head.
Chucho Montoya saw it with his own eyes. Shot him in cold blood.
Murdered him?
He murdered Eladio Cruz. That tough enough for you?
I've heard Wade was a bit tough on the Mexicans--
Out in the fresh air, nice gringo lady making you pies--who's gonna sit back in a little jail cell all day? Sheriff Buddy, man. Como el no hay dos. And after that cabron Charley Wade--
You built our patio while you  were on the county?
It could have just been a box lunch from the jail.
Well, you were working there--
And your mother was a saint. That summer I built the patio at your house? She made me lunch every day.
So I've heard--
He was afraid I was going to poison somebody. Your father tried to do good for people--
I'm surprised he bothered with it.
That's how I ruined my stomach.
Different charge. I had a still. Made my own mescal.
I thought he busted you a couple times.
Your father never bothered me about it. Leastways not till the drug people got on his back in the late '60s.
I got a bad stomach. It helps me digest.
You're going to smoke an acre and a half of marijuana?
It was for personal consumption.
You stop growing that loco weed at your place, you'd see a lot more daylight.
Three months.
How much you got left?
Time marches on.
Hey, Pete. How's it going?
Morning, Sheriff.
Everything that went before, all that stuff, that history--the hell with it, right?
Yeah--
We start from scratch--
If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
I'm not having any more children. After Amado, I had some complications-- I can't get pregnant again, if that's what the rule is about--
I remember thinking you were the one part of my life Buddy didn't have a piece of--
From the first time I saw you at school--all those years we were married to other people I always felt like we were connected.
He paid the hospital bill when you were born. Your mom always calls you "our beautiful daughter" in the letters she wrote to him.
They can't pull this on me. It isn't fair--I don't believe this--
Buddy bought the cafe for her with money he took from the county. Pilar looks away, struggling not to cry--
I've never seen my mother in a bathing suit before.  Didn't know she owned one.
Try a year and a half. He bands her an old snapshot. PILAR looks at it--
Couple months before I was born--
You have any idea when your father died? Eladio?
She'll figure it out sooner or later. I don't have to ask permission anymore, if that's what you mean.
You gonna tell your mother we been seeing each other?
Eladio. Eladio. Cruz.
What was your father's name?
Yeah?
Pilar--
It isn't. Not by a long shot. He holds her and they lie silently for a moment--
I've felt that way, yeah.
Like your story is over.
Don't have kids. Other pictures--I don't know--it's nothing I want to look back on.
There's nothing on the walls. No pictures--
Two years.
How long have you lived here?
More, I hope.
So what are we gonna do about this?
I don't know. It just feels good. Always did.
How come it feels the same?
Yeah.
Wow.
I came back 'cause you were here.
Yeah?
You know the other day, you asked why I came back?
When Nando died--it was so sudden--I was kind of in shock for awhile. Then I woke up and there was the whole rest of my life and I didn't have any idea what to do with it.
Nothing.
I mean what did we know about anything?
Yeah.
I look at my kids in school--tenth, eleventh graders. That's who we were. Children.
Yeah.
We thought we were something, didn't we?
Looks real bad if the teacher's late for class. It's really nice to talk with you, Sam.
Pilar--
I should get back.
They've got me. Different thing.
You've got your mother, your kids--
It can happen so sudden, can't it? Being left out on your own.
I got to admit it's not what I thought it'd be. Back When Buddy had it-- hell, I'm just a jailer. Run a 60- room hotel with bars on the windows.
You don't want to be Sheriff.
Got divorced, I wasn't gonna work for my father-in-law anymore. The fellas down here said they'd back me--
So why did you come back here, Sam?
It might just be the age. I spent my first fifteen years trying to be just like Buddy and the next fifteen trying to give him a heart attack.
Fernando wasn't pissed off at everybody. He just wanted to fix their cars.
Fernando did okay, and he dropped out--
With Paloma, it's more like she pities and tolerates me- totally age- appropriate. But Amado--he's--he's never been book-smart. Had a hard time learning to read. Me being a teacher and caring about those things is like an embarrassment--like a betrayal.
No--
He hates me.
Nice-looking kid.
Amado.
Your boy, there--
Weird what you remember.
Yeah.
I was on the playground with all the other kids, but I thought he was only looking at me. I was afraid he was going to arrest me--he had those eyes, you know--
I remember him watching me once. When I was little--before you and I--
Most people did, yeah.
People liked him.
They cooked the whole thing up without asking me.
I thought you got through that pretty well.
So she tells me three times a week.
She's done well for herself--on her own and all--
A real palace. She rattles around alone in that thing--
I see she built a place up here by the river.
I can't name anybody she does like these days.
Your mother still doesn't like me.
Want to take a walk?
Lunch hour. My next class isn't till nine-thirty.
Field trip?
Are you okay?
He's all yours.
Yeah. I'll go check on your boy.
We haven't talked since high school.
I was--I was real sorry about Nando. He was a good fella. We haven't talked since.
I'll see what's going on.
Somebody called--something about an electronics store.
Got him here?
They've got my Amado.
Something wrong?
Well, it's a complicated issue--
You think we need a new jail?
I appreciate you telling me.
I didn't want to be going around your back.
Don't know if I'll still want it.
How 'bout you?
You'd do a good job.
Yeah.
They want you to stand for Sheriff next election.
Sam? I--the Committee--you know Jorge and H.L. and all--they asked me--
Oh.
Gotta be in person.
They got telephones.
No--to Mexico. I've got to talk to somebody.
The Republicans?
I'm going over to the other side.
Uh-huh.
I been working on a few things.
Haven't seen much of you at the jail lately.
Yeah.
You're out early.
Nothin' much. The Rangers put Ben Wetzel on it. Catch you later.
Any poop on the John Doe you found out there today?
Okay--we'll take a statement from all the GIs before they go back to post. You can get the story from Otis over at the club.
Down from Houston. I think he knew the girl before.
The shooter local?
Hospital says the other kid is in bad shape--
You suckers haven't had a good day since the Alamo.
This isn't Houston, my friend. We pretty much running things now. Our good day has come.
White man just using you to keep the Black man down.
Just doing my job.
You're the one who's a good boy. Man say "fetch" and you fetch--
You been talking so much trash today, you made us think you're a dangerous criminal. Be a good boy, now--
You don't need to cuff me.
Excellent performance, my friend. The judge was very impressed.
And people better clear out of here! Now!
This is a club, Sheriff--you been in here--
What's this I see? Is that whiskey in them glasses on the Bar? Roderick, I'm gonna have to cite you for a violation of state law--
No, Sheriff, I'm just--
You telling me what to do, Roderick?
You got him too scared to peep, Sheriff. Maybe if you put that gun up--
Otis, apologize to the Sheriff--
That the problem, son?  You Slow?
Don't mind him, Sheriff. Boy's just a bit slow, is all. He don't mean nothin' by it--
The stories people tell, he was a real colorful fella--
Sure.
I heard about that deal for your father--You must be real proud.
Yeah. It's quiet--
We'll get 'em--  So you livin' out here now?
I haven't seen anybody come by.
We had about a dozen wets come over just upriver. They ran into one of our posts--it was like a breakshot on a pool table, illegals runnin' every which way.
What's up?
Hey Sam. Sorry 'bout that.
The other one? Hell, at my age, every time you learn a new name you got to forget an old one. Your head's all crowded up--here it is--
You know who it was?
Your mother wasn't one to get chased off her patch. Half the damn county knew and nobody thought the worse of her for seein' it through.
Another woman?
If he hadn't found that Deputy job, I believe Buddy might've gone down the other path, got into some serious trouble. Settled him right down. That and your mother. 'Course he had that other one later.
Me neither.
No--
They don't hand those medals out for hidin'in your foxhole. Would you buy this?
You think he killed anybody in Korea?
For Frontera? Hell, I can't remember dates no more. I do recall it was after an affair of the heart had gone sour on him. He almost took some poor fella's head off at the Legion in Arroyo Grande, and figured it was time to move on.
So when did Buddy leave?
Buffalo chips. Fella in Santa Fe told me he sells these as fast as the buffalo can squeeze 'em out.
But you don't see much competition, do you?
Hell of a spot to put a business.
How am I gonna sell things if nobody comes by? This stretch of road runs between Nowheres and Nothin' Much.
You sell much out here?
--but longhorns are hard to come by these days.
Houston, huh? I hear they let you boys run wild up there.
Been away. Up to Houston.
How come you don't took familiar?
Runnin' numbers without I know about it is both illegal and unhealthy. You remember that.
Runnin' numbers illegal.
As I remember it was because he had a sassy mouth on him. Must run in the family--You wouldn't be runnin' numbers out of this club, now, would you, son?
Why you think that was?
I know that.
I sent your Daddy to the farm once.
Uh-huh.
One of Cleroe Payne's boys?
Payne.
Otis what?
Name's Otis.
I know you?
You believe that?
It's supposed to be some big sin, even if you love each other.
So? What's he gonna do, arrest us?
He's gonna find out.
He doesn't need to know all my business.
You going to tell him?
You going to tell her?
You bet.
Have a nice evening, Mr. D'Amour.
Hello, L.A.
Tell him he can keep them. The Bellboy looks puzzled.
Thirty-five bucks.
How much?
You haven't paid the cab.  He won't give us your bags 'til you pay him.
Yeah?
Yeah.  It's French.
Mister D'Amour?
Hey, anytime.  Actually, no.  This was enough.
Thanks, Billy.
I'm out of here, man!  Are you coming?
Hokey enough for you?
Knew what?
That's because he knew.  He'd seen these files and knew.
Trickery and divinity.  Yeah, he says that all the time.
What did Vinovich say? Something about walking a path between --
I mean, there's no instructions--  What do you mean, they're not tricks?
Maybe they're not tricks.
A Nix specialty?
Take a look at this.
doorway) And who's that?
That's Butterfield...
That would have kept you out of the Magic Circle.  Which was presumably the idea.  These are about Nix.
I could have lost my fucking hands.
Nope.
Billy?  This was on Miller's forehead.  Any idea what it is?
I love weird.
My life was too weird for her.
Why?
Yeah.  She was killed in a car crash.  Her lawyer was driving. She was filing for divorce.
You ever been married?
You heard right.
I hear Mrs. Swann's quite a babe.
It'll be something hokey.
How?
I'm sure they'll have this place rigged.
I think maybe he taught Swann.  This is me.  See ya around.
Who is he?
Like in nothing.  Nobody.  Nix.
Nix?
Nix.
Who?
I've heard a name.  Someone they talk about in whispers.
They go together.
I gotta be careful.  If Vinovich sees me talking to you.  He's an asshole, but he's a powerful asshole.
That's so cool.
Right.
Isn't that French for something?
Right.
D'Amour.
D.A.M.O.U.R.  D'Amour.  Harry D'Amour.
How'd you spell that again?
All right.  It was...
Who did this?
I told you --
Who did this?
Deep shit?
You don't have a clue what you're into, do you?
Beats me.
Why would I do that?
You did.  Didn't you?
It's an illusion.
What about death?
Death.
About?
You didn't think it was just going to be you and me?  A lot of people believed in Nix. They haven't forgotten his promise.
What do you mean, "all of us?"
We've all of us waited too long to have the homecoming spoiled.
He won't.
I don't want him getting in the way.
No.  He's just a guy who's got a nose for this shit.  Like you.
He's a priest?
I saw him on T.V.  Some kid got possessed and he saved the little bastard's life.
I know him.  I saw him.
D'Amour... D'Amour... Why do I know that name?
It's him... it's him.
Oh Christ!  Oh Christ!
I swear... this is the place Swann told me about.  The rocks...
If you've lied to me to me --
Not yet.
Anything?
You'll do more.than that.
I'll tell you.
I don't know.
So tell me where Nix is buried.
Don't.
I could scoop them out.
Please.
Maybe he'll show you.
What is he?
If he was just a man like me, then no.  But he's not.
And you think he'll be in a fit state to resurrect, after thirteen years?
I didn't have the skill to resurrect him.  I had to teach myself.  And that took time.
Why did you wait so long?
Like the look of these?  I made them myself, to set him free.
It was me.
Jesus.  Valentin.  What did you do to your face?
He's with us... He's with us...
He's with us...
Be ready.
Yes...
Will you come to him on your knees?
Yes...
Do you wish him to be amongst us?
Pimm's dead.  Jennifer Desiderio's disappeared...
Please... I wasn't there... Ask Pimm.
Yes.
And are you afraid?
Yes.
So do you.  You've seen the future. Haven't you?
Pimm's dead.  Jennifer Desiderio's disappeared.  They knew the Puritan was coming home.
Please... Butterfield... I wasn't there.  Ask Pimm.
Ever watched a man die?  If you watch very closely, you can sometimes see the soul escaping. And if you're very quick, you can catch it.
Out!  Out!
Harry-?
What the fuck?
I think so.
Is it finished?
I'm okay.  I'm okay.
Harry?
I... have... to.
Don't look.
Yes.
...yes?
I'm here, Harry.
... oh... God...
Harry...
No!  No!  No!
Nix has got to have a weak spot. Everybody's got a fucking weak spot.
You can't.
I've got to help him.
Hang on!
Oh God!
It's all right.  It's not hurting...
Harry?
Find Valentin!  Find him!  Get him in here!
Are you all right?
It's okay.
What was that?
And Pimm and Swann.  Only Nix was ready for them.
Quaid and Jennifer--
Yes.
And they all came...
I was twelve.  Nix took me hostage, to get Swann to come to him.
I know.  I'm the one who shot him.
I'm sure.  He's dead.
Are you sure?
Don't be.  Nix can't hurt you now.
I was so afraid.
Nothing you don't want.
Nothing?
Nothing's going to happen to you.
I'm here, aren't I?
No it isn't.  You can't help me.
It's okay.
He thought Nix was coming back, didn't he?
I was grateful to him.  I owed him my life.  And he loved me. He couldn't always show it, but he felt it.
What then?
I wasn't.
You said you weren't with him for love.
No.
Too much fame.  Yeah, I guess that'd turn anybody's head. Including yours.
I told you --
So Swann was performing magic. not illusions?  And what?  You thought he should be using it to cure cancer, not making millions.
Some or it.
He taught all this to Swann?
He could get into people's heads. Make them see things. Terrible things.  And he could levitate. Juggle fire.
Stuff?
Swann said he could do stuff, yes.
He was the real thing, right?
It was more than that, I think.
Nix ran some kind of cult, right? Some kind of Charlie Manson deal?
Why don't you tell me the truth?
Oh Christ.
Jennifer Desiderio, for one.  She threw herself in front of a car this afternoon.
What did you find?
I didn't leave.  I was just digging around.
Flesh is a trap.  That's what he used to say.  Flesh is a trap and magic sets us free.  Why did you come back?
Yes.  You do that.
Okay.  I'll keep digging.
It doesn't ring a bell.  I have to go.
What about Jennifer Desiderio?
Yes... I'm here.  And no.  I don't know the name.
Just curious.  Back to business.  Ever heard of a man called Nix?  Dorothea?
That's my business. Harry.
So why did you marry him?
You didn't marry him for love.
He... didn't have me..  I told you-
Why?  Because he had you?
They were jealous of him.
I went up to the Magic Castle. You were right.  He didn't have a lot of fans up there.
How did it go today?
Forget the fee.  If I find Butterfield, maybe we'll talk about money.  If I don't...  ...my gamble.  Either way... I get to spend some time... here.
Yes.  I think you probably can.  We'd need to talk about your fee.
I can be very persuasive.
They won't tell you anything.
Well... how about some of the other illusionists?
I don't know where you'd start.
I'm sorry I got into this too late. But if you want me to stick around, maybe dig where the cops don't look...
I heard what happened.  It looks like somebody murdered him.
Are they treating you okay?
You haven't seen anything yet.
He's good.
Sure.
I didn't marry him for love, Mr. D'Amour.  Tonight?
Do you?
Come to the show with me. Tonight I want you to see him with an audience.  They love him.
When do you want me to start?
That's not what I'm asking for. I want somebody who can find out what Philip saw in those damn cards. And stop it from happening.
I'm no bodyguard.
Harry.
Harry.
Will you take the job, Mr. D'Amour?
Where do I sign?
No.  You're right.  He could have been something more. Maybe a lot more.  But people get lost.  Even good people. Too much fame.  Too much money,
Sorry.  You asked.
He's an illusionist.  It's not exactly brain surgery.
You don't believe me.
We wouldn't be having this conversation if I didn't. Swann's one of the most remarkable men alive.
But obviously you still care what happens to him.
We haven't slept in the same bed for years.
Does that mean...?
We don't share our lives the way a lot of people do.
And you don't ask questions?
He's a secretive man.
Why not?
I don't exactly know. Philip doesn't like to talk about the past.
What's the connection?
I think we make our own futures.
You don't?
Yes.  They weren't close, but they saw each other once in a while.  I think Philip believes all that stuff with the tarot cards.
Did your husband know Quaid?
I want you to help me help my husband.  I know he's in some kind of trouble.  And it's something to do with the man you saw murdered.
Nix was never interested in you. It was always Swann.
What about me?
I left three messages already.
Harm to whom?  Me?  I don't think, so.  Try him again at the hotel.
It's better he's gone.  He would have done more harm than good.
No word from D'Amour?
Crank call.  I'll get the number changed.
You saw this?
Good.  There.  Yes?
Valentin?
No.  I'm not going near him.
Sure.  You want me to find out about Quaid?  I mean, the funeral?
I'm putting in a new illusion tonight.  Will you be there?
I just saw him.
Oh God.
Somebody killed him.
Sure.
Yeah.  Remember Quaid?
... they believe you.
The usual.  Full house. Standing ovation.  I tell them it's magic...
Bad show last night?
No.  Not yet...
For now.  Are you planning to go back to New York?
Are you finished with me?
Another fucking magician. Jesus.
--vanished.
And this Butterfield guy--
After that fall?. He must have broken half his bones.
He got up and walked.
Where the fuck is he?
New one on me.  Okay.  Let's see him.
I got a file on him two inches thick.  He's a petty fraudster. This is something else.  Ever heard of someone called the Puritan?
What makes you so sure?
Tapert's got nothing to do with this.  He came here to get his palm read.
Tapert.  So, now I've got Tapert, Butterfield.
I'm a private detective.  I was hired to follow somebody for a few days.  A guy called Tapert. Insurance fraud.
What were you doing up there?
Fuck you.
Great accent, by the way.  Is it Brooklyn?
Evil.  He was evil.  Come on.
With what?
He was a freak.  Everything he did was tainted.
Just tell me about Swann.  Or are you too scared?
I'm not saying another word.  You damn fool.  He's a journalist.
I'd like to hear them.
Oh, I've got plenty.
You tell me.  No?  I thought you'd maybe have a theory.
If he was so good why's he so dead?
I heard he was the best.
They weren't worth a damn.
What about Swann's miracles?
I could reproduce any miracle that's ever been performed, with a little preparation.
So could you walk on water?
No.  I'm saying they were always fake.  The saints, the messiahs, they were just illusionists.
Are you saying that sometimes the miracles are real?
Trickery and divinity.
Heaven and Hell?
I think we walk a narrow path, between... between...
You believe that?
... Looks like you're going... to lose... one more.
What about?
I'm sorry, D'Amour...
Shut up.  We've lost enough lives already.
Don't bother.
We've got to get you to a hospital.
Him too.
Help me.
Shit...
D'Amour --
Why don't you leave this alone? Let everybody think it's over?
I want to see Swann face to face.
Haven't you seen enough to know that doesn't matter?
Nix is dead and buried, for fuck's sake.
No.  It was mine.  I didn't want any more bloodshed. That's why we went to all this trouble, so there'd be no one for Nix to come after.
Was that Swann's idea?
I tried to pay you off.
And then... because I was getting too close to something --  --or someone, you called Swann
Yes.
You paid off the doctor.  You set up the fake body.  Yes?
Yes.
You rigged the illusion to fail, right?
No.
Are you satisfied now?
Shut up!
Leave her alone --
You want more money, is that it?
Yeah, I know.
I can't let you in.
When will she be in?
I'm afraid she's not in.
I want to speak to Dorothea.
No.
Why people die?  Give it up, D'Amour.  Go home.
I like to know why things happen.
What for?  You need to stay busy?
Fuck regrettable!  I want to know why.
Yes.  It's regrettable
Left alone?  Somebody's been murdered.
She doesn't want to see you. She's had enough pain.  Enough churning over the past.  She wants it all left alone.
You didn't hire me.  She did. If she wants me off the job, I want to hear it from her.
A ticket home,
What for?
You're a detective, with no clues. Where else are you going to look? I'm going to keep this brief.  Here's thirty thousand dollars.
Why'd you come here?
Looking for you.  I tried the hotel.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Swann's wife.
Who is she?
Are you a believer, then?
Are you sure?
I don't think the dead much care.
It's not a bad place.  Warm. Great view.
Probably.
Any movie stars buried here?
Illusions are trickery. Magicians do it for real.
What's the difference?
Never call him that.  He's strictly an illusionist.
When I can afford to lose. Swann's quite a magician.
Are you a gambling man?
I saw him in Vegas once.
You know of him?
Philip Swann?
You could almost pass for a detective, D'Amour.  I work for the best illusionist in the world.
Havanas.  You're not the smoker.  So who is?
Somebody's been smoking in here for months.
Maybe I just bought it.
Nah.  You're driving it too carefully.
Mine.
Whose is the car?
Have you got a job that'll pay you five thousand a day?
I'm going back to New York in--  Shit!  I'm outta here.
I'm here to offer you a job.
Then what do you want?
We've never met.
Whatever I said, I didn't mean it, okay?  I get a few drinks inside me --
I need to speak to you, Mr. D'Amour.  About last night.
What are you, my mother?
It's one in the afternoon.
Go away.
Mr. D'Amour?
Shit.
And what does Jennifer think's real?
Oh yes.  We have to agree what's real and what's not. That's what holds us together.
Does anybody?
She has no real grip on reality.
What's her problem?
Jennifer's been with us four years. She was coming on nicely. But just the last month or so, she's worse than ever.
I won't say anything.
Right.  And he's dead, isn't he?  I saw it on the news. Jennifer doesn't know.  And frankly, this isn't the best tine for her to be told.
A Mister Quaid?
Jennifer's only ever had one visitor.
Who is he?
Yes...
The Puritan?
I'm not afraid to die.  There's something terrible... coming home...
Hold on.
You can't change it.  You have to walk...  ...walk the line between Heaven and Hell.  It's your destiny.  Accept it.
Not much.
You're drawn to the dark side, over and over.  And it's drawn to you.  You don't like that.
Yeah.  You could say that.
You've taken some strange journeys in your life.
What?
My God.
Too late.  Why are you here? Did you cone... up here for a reading?
You need an ambulance.
No.  There's only three keys. Vinovich has got one, of course.  He's a little crazy, by the way. And he's a mean drunk. Otherwise, he's a real charmer.
Have you been in?
That's what they call the Repository.  Every magic secret known to man's locked up in that room.
It's not a business. Harry. It's a vocation.
Are they all in the business?
You don't get in without one. It's like a gentlemen's club for illusionists.  Except most of us aren't gentlemen.
I only wear ties for funerals.
Well... nobody.
For an introduction.
For what?
People are pretty cagey.  Who do you know?
I'd love to... you know... hang with some of you guys.
He knew Swann way back.  He says there were a lot of drugs, a lot of crazy shit.
Sure.  Vivovich.
You know Vinovich?
Not the Walter Wilder?
You don't know the half of it. I'm Walter Wilder, by the way.
Was he taking a lot of risks?
What a tragedy.  It was just a matter of time, of course, but it's not good for the business.
I'm in from New York.  I came to see Swann.
I know all the kids coming up. Got to stay ahead of the game. But I don't know you.
Harry D'Amour.
At birth.  I don't know you --
That.
What?
Where'd you learn that?
Try.
I don't know.
Can you do it?
Yes?
He did something with the ground.
I can't... I can't go any further...
You didn't try hard enough.
This is where we killed him.
Fuck.
At a guess... they just resurrected him.
Jesus... what the hell's going on in there?
In my time, and nobody else's.
That's where we're all going.
You don't get it, do you? We're shit. D'Amour.
Nobody's better off this wav!
He's better off this way.
... no...
Looks that way.
They got here before us.
Jesus!
Yes.
Who else did?  Did Valentin?
No.
Did she know where Nix was buried?
I saw it with my own fucking eyes! See, that's his best trick.  No illusions.  Just the truth.  Are you ready for that?
And you believed him?
No.  At the end... when we had him cornered, he got into my head. He showed me what we really look like, when the veneer's gone.  Jelly. Shit...
Is that all?
He had something.  He showed me how to bend the rules.  A little levitation.  A few fireworks.
And he didn't have them?
Oh, I was going to discover the secret of the universe.  That's why I liked Nix.  He promised me all these explanations.
And you're not?
I distract them from their banality for a few minutes. It's like a public service.  It doesn't mean much in the end. They're all going to die.
Is that all?
I can do a lot of shit, D'Amour. But you know that.  So I like playing games with people.  Gives them something to wonder about...
Didn't know you read minds.
You think I'm an asshole.
Will that do?  No?
Oh Jeez.
Help me.
I don't know what else to do.
And she shot him I  I think that'd piss me off if I were Nix.
It's me betrayed him.
So Nix won't come looking for her?
Now that I'm dead, the spotlight's off her.
Oh yeah?
I did it for Dorothea.
Maybe he doesn't see it that way. Maybe he's digging his way out of the hole you put him right now.  That's what you're hiding away from, isn't it?
He deserved it.
Or murdered, like Nix.
Illusionists get. Las Vegas contracts, D'Amour.  Magicians get burned.
You know, it's such a fucking waste.  You can do shit most of us can only dream about, and you go around pretending it's some trick.
Why?  So you can fuck my wife?
I don't think so.  You need me alive.
Now I'm going to have to kill you.
How the fuck do you do that?
You shouldn't have followed me, D'Amour.
Look, Ma, no wires.
They'll never find out.
A lot of people are going to be really pissed off when they discover you're still alive.
Who is she?
What?
One question.
A couple of weeks.
Yeah.  But not as cheap.  Call me.
There's other guys as good as me, Loomis.
Call me tomorrow.
I got to go.  I'm late.
You never took a fucking vacation in your life, Harry. What's going on?
No.  I'm taking a couple of weeks' vacation.
The case is closed. Harry. Tapert's given us a full confession.  Get your ass back to Mew York.
No.  He's coming back.  He's digging his way out!
And he's dead?
Yes! Yes!
Is he the Puritan?
Nix! Nix!
Who's not?
He's not!  He's not!
Swann?
I don't want to think about it. If I think about it he'll hear me. He'll find me.
What is?
He said he knew how to protect us. But he didn't know anything.  He made us think it was over and done with.
Why's that?
I knew Swann.  He's a fucking liar.
What about Philip Swann?
Maybe... I... don't...
Well, you didn't forget me.  I just came because I wanted to know if you knew a man called Butterfield.
Only I forget.  They give me pills, you know, to keep me... even... and... I forget things,
No.
Have we met before?
Liar!
No!
Wait... you still feel something for that bitch?
Yes.
But until then... it's you and me... the way it always was.
Yes.
You know I'll kill you when we're done.  I have to.
The woman has a new love in her life.  Your friends are dead. Nobody's left to save you, but me
Not true.
Because you've got nothing else to live for.
Why would I want to?
You could still help me do that.
I should have been honest with you, right from the start.  I wasn't born to show people the error of their ways.  I was born to murder the world.
And?
Binding you.
Swann?  What are you doing?
You want to be like that, Swann? Mud and shit?
Don't touch me.  He's got... got into my head.
No!
You don't think I've got it to give?
Fuck you.
I've got so much power to give you, Swann.  All you have to do is...beg.
Yeah, I'll stay.
You'll do it?
Ok.
So, we got you on an earlier flight, but I really think you should think about staying for that talk show.
Oh, hi, Elaine.
Bob, it's me.
Hello?
Oh, great. I'll talk to you later, bye.
Ok, you're scheduled to leave Saturday, but we'll hold a seat Thursday in case, but first class is full, you're waitlisted for an upgrade... there might be a seat on Lufthansa...
Just get me out of here as soon as you can.
These people are paying you a lot, do you think you could consider it?
Yeah, they told me.
We're looking into it Bob, but they really want you to stay to do that talk show Friday, apparently it's a really big deal, he's the Johnny Carson of Japan.
Can you get me on a flight Thursday night?
I'll miss you.
Why are you crying?
Ok, bye.
Thanks.
Well... have a good flight.
Yes.
You're leaving right now?
Yes, no.
Just saying good-bye to everyone before you leave?
That'd be great.
Uh, yeah... I'll bring it down.
I'm just leaving.... do you have my jacket?
Hi, Bob.
Charlotte?
I don't know, it just doesn't, reality changes things....we can't stay here forever, unless maybe we started a Jazz band.
Why can't it last?
I know. But, it doesn't last, you have to go back sometime.
I don't want to go back tomorrow.
Well, I mean it more now.
That's what you said the other night.
I'm going to miss you.
Tomorrow.
When are you leaving?
That lunch was the worst, huh.
I'm sorry.
Around.
So, where'd you go today.
A coke.
What do you want to drink?
You're a brat, wasn't there anyone else around to lavish you with attention?
Well, I guess she's more around your age...  You guys could talk about things in common, like growing up in the fifties.
No, we'll find something around here.
You can't get sushi anywhere in Japan after 2 o'clock. Did you know that?
I don't want to be.
Oh, I guess you're busy, huh.
Yes, but no, I can't right now.
I'm going to Daikanyama, do you want to come walk around?
No.
Do you know where we are?
Yeah.
Do you ever see him?
Working.
Where's your husband?
Yeah, look at that thing.
You think so?
We should get you to the doctor.
It's bad isn't it?
I don't know, I think maybe I broke it? I knocked into something the other day...
What happened to your toe?
Fuck off.
Nice one.
Oh, she'll love it.
Four.
How old is she?
It's for my daughter.
They really have to work on that street name thing.
You made it.
Because that would be too easy.
Why do you have to be with your opposite, why cant similar people be together?
I know, but that's what you like about me.
You are.
John thinks I'm so snotty.
I know.
In D.C., my dad was the Ambassador to France in the eighties, so we went to school in Paris for a few years... but we mostly lived in D.C., and they were never around... and then I moved to Los Angeles when John and I got married... it's so different there.
Where'd you grow up?
That's nice. My parents were always traveling, they weren't around so much.
But, it's great being with them, after they can talk, and can do things with you.
No one ever tells you that...
When they're born its like Vietnam. It's terrifying.
That's too scary.
We used to have fun, she used to like to go to places with me for my movies and we would laugh at all the weirdos, but now she's tired of it all. She never wants to leave the kids, she doesn't need me, and they don't need me, I feel like I'm in the way. It gets complicated when you have kids... that changes everything.
Oh.
We established that we have no communication.
Did that help? Did you learn anything?
It's hard. We started going to a marriage counselor.
And marriage, does that get easier?
That's ok.
But, I'm mean.
You'll figure it out. I'm not worried about you. Keep writing.
I just don't know what I'm supposed to be. I thought maybe I wanted to be a writer... but I hate what I write, and I tried taking pictures, but John's so good at that, and mine are so mediocre... and every girl goes through a photography phase, like horses, you know dumb pictures of your feet...
Thanks. It does, the more you know who you are... you don't care about things the same way...
Yeah? But look at you.
No, yes, it does...
I'm stuck. Does it get easier.
I know.
You're possessive.
Oh.
No, for a candlelight dinner, yes, for her show.
Oh, for her show?
I got a fax today from your friend Hiromix.
Oh.  Well... they were dancing on the couch with that weird English guy who kept talking about hanging out with the Sex Pistols on Kings Road...
No, I was looking at you.
Did you see Hiromix last night dancing with Bambi?
Ok, whatever you want.
Let's never come here again, because it would never be as much fun.
I don't know. My fax said "have a good fright".
Why do they switch the r's and l's here?
I know, I kind of blend in here.
I don't remember.
No, you smiled.
Did I scowl at you?
Yeah, you don't remember?
Really?
But the first time I saw you was in the elevator.
Do you remember when we met at the bar? ...You were wearing a tuxedo.
I don't know.
How'd a Japanese guy get a name like Hans?
No, its easy.
I think he kind of liked me...Is that so hard to imagine?
Hans was very attentive to you.
I see them every morning.
Hey look, it's Sausalito.
OK, see you downstairs.
Yeah, I'm going to take a shower and I'll meet you downstairs.
Do you want to have some breakfast?
Of course.
Thanks for getting me back in one piece.
Charlotte, who?
It's Charlotte.
Hello?
I know. I don't either.
I don't want to go home.
Ok.
I could cut the ones that are left for you.
No way.
What do you feel like singing, Bob?
Hi, Charlie.
Charlie, this is Bob. Bob — Charlie Brown.
No.
A Soul's Search: Finding Your True Calling - are you reading this?
I know, it's stupid.
You really are having a mid-life crisis.
See you later.
Ok.
Oh, good. Do you want to go to a party tonight with me and some friends who live here?
I'm here for the week.
Not really. How long are you here for?
No, how about you?
Yeah. Did you get some sleep?
Hi. Did you have a nice swim?
Oh, hi.
Who do I have to fuck to get off this planet?
Hi again, how's it going?
Thanks.
Thanks. I'm sure your mid-life crisis will work out,too.
It takes a while to figure it out. I'm sure you will, though.
I don't know, but I can think about it, a lot.
Oh, what do you do with that?
Philosophy.
What did you study?
I'm not sure, yet... I graduated last spring.
What do you do?
Oh.
Yes... I don't know, I don't know her anymore. I don't know if you can be in love with one person the whole time. I was... actually I was in love with her sister first, when I was twenty-one. And one day her sister said to me she wanted to move to Paris, so I said okay, and she said no, she wanted to move to Paris with Francois,   and she's still married to him. And I moved in with Lydia... but I always really liked Lydia.
25 years... that's a long time... Are you still in love with your wife?
I'm thinking about it.
You're probably just having a mid- life crisis. Did you buy a Porche?
Try twenty-five.
Two years.
How long have you been married?
My husband's here for work-he's a photographer- and I just came along...I'm not really doing anything right now, and we have some friends who live here.
What about you? Why are you here?
My wife needs space, I don't know my kids ' birthdays.  Everyone wants Tiger Woods, but they could get me, so I'm here doing a whiskey commercial.
What are you doing here?
Take them.
Yes?
My stockings.
Mr. Kazuzo send Premium Fantasy.
I don't think so.
Do you like massage?
Yes?
Mr. Harris?
Can I enter?
Oh?
Mr. Kazuzo sent me.
Yes?
Mr. Harris?
Bye.
Ok, well, travel safely. See you soon.
Ok.
Her ballet recital is Saturday, don't forget.
Tomorrow.
When are you coming home?
That's ok.
I guess she's busy.
Zoe, come say hello to your father...
Yeah.
Do you want to talk to  Zoe?
What?
Do you want to- 
It's ok.
Fine. Is it going ok?
I couldn't hear you. How are you?
It's Lydia, your wife.
Hello?
Hello, Bob, it's me.
Hello?
Yeah, I'll be fine. Bye.
I have to go, Adam's tormenting Zoe, I'll talk to you later. Are you going to be Ok?
Oh, come on.
Why don't you just stay there, and you can have it everyday.
Like Japanese food.
Fine.
Not all that pasta.
Alright?
You know, eat healthier.
What?
I don't know... I want to be more healthy. I want to eat better.
Is there anything I can do?
I don't know.
What are you talking about?
That's not what I'm talking about.
It's just carpet.
Ok, whatever you think... I'm lost.
It's really hard to reach you... Did you get the carpet samples? I like the burgundy.
Uh, no.
Is this a bad time?
Hi, Lydia.
Bob?
Hello?
Good-night.
I love you, too, good-night, or good- morning .
Ok, well... I love you.
It's four in the morning... I'm going to go to sleep.
Well, that's good, I have to get the kids off for school.  Can I call you in a little while?
Yeah, its really different here.
That sounds great — can you hold on...  What Zoe?
He was this fashion guy, and there were all these Japanese fashion people- it's a whole other world, and I was talking to these Japanese surfers... He was playing all this great music- I have to find out what it was...
Oh, yeah? I wish I had seen it.
Lydia, I went to this great house tonight, this guy designed and built, you would have loved it.
Hello, darling.
Lydia?
One moment.
Hello, can I have room 5601.
Hello? Yes?
One moment, please.
Hospital?
Excuse me?
How do you say "hospital" in Japanese?
Thank you, Mr. Harris.
Great.
Do you want I send it to your room?
Ok.
Mr. Harris, we have fax for you!
Hello?
It'll just be a few days.
I miss you.
Ok, definitely call them, I'll be back Friday. I love you.
Yeah, I know you have to work the whole time, I'll probably have more fun here. I'll call Charlie and those guys.
Are you sure you have to go?
Are you sure you want to stay?
I gotta go... and I don't really like champagne.
Mmm, I love Cristal, let's have some.
Oh, the record company sent these...
It's ok if you are.
I'm not. It's just corny, but I'm not into it.
You don't have to be embarrassed.
Oh... that's nothing, someone gave it to me.
A Soul's Search: Finding Your True Character and calling? Is this yours?
Ok, I will... later.
Its bad for you.
But I like to... and I don't smoke that much.
Will you please stop smoking?
I don't know.
Do you think it's done?
Yeah, I think you're probably right... because when you try to...
Yeah.
Bye.
See you later.
I gotta go to work.
Hair stuff?
I got some hair stuff.
Like popcorn?
What?
You smell weird.
That's ok, you'll figure it out.
I don't know what to do.
That's ok.
I went to a temple today and I didn't feel anything.
No, what are you talking about.
Ok.
Sure.
You wanna come?
Ok. Maybe I'll walk down with you.
I gotta go meet Kelly for a drink downstairs. She wants to talk about some photo thing.
Good...I'm tired.
How'd it go today?
No, I thought it was funny. Forget it.
I'm not, but do you have to point out how stupid everyone is.
Why do you have to defend her?
Its just a pseudonym, it doesn't matter.
Evelyn Waugh was a man.
What?
Evelyn Waugh?
Ok, bye.
Ok, have fun there, you're so lucky you don't have any kids yet and you can go off to Japan... call me when you get back.
Oh, it's nothing... I better go, I'll talk to you later.
Sure.
Oh, wait, can you hold on one sec?
It's cool... but,I don't know... I went to a shrine today and all these little monk's were chanting... and, I didn't feel anything... I even tried ikebana, ...   and John's using hair products... I don't know who I—.
Charlotte?! How's Tokyo?
Lauren?
...Well, I have the worst  headache, I have to go find some aspirin. But, call me, let's have a drink, I'm under Evelyn Waugh.
Oh no...
Sorry if I have the worst B.O., I've been sweating in this little room with T.V. lights for hours...
Uh..thanks.
No!  Hi! So great to meet you!
Have you met Charlotte? My wife.
It's amazing  there!
We're here for the week. I'm shooting in Osaka for a few days.
...doing like twenty million interviews a day... It's soo good to see you. How long are you here for?
Promoting that action movie I did...
I'm just here shooting this band, what about you?
John! What are you doing here?
We're still going to be together.
You really had me going, Claire.  I was finally ready to propose to you.
Listen to me, I love you, Peter, I'm trying to protect you!
So you're going to kill her?  Put the gun down Claire.
She's been stalking you, Peter.
I found the pentacle.
Honey, you're exhausted.  Do you want to lie down for a little while?
I thought the spare set was in the kitchen drawer.
Must be a spare set.
I found them in your file box.
I don't know.  What are they?
What're these?
This is the person...you were talking about?
Claire...
There you are!  My God, darling, I've been so worried.  Are you alright?
I believe in you.
You need to believe in something besides yourself.
I'm just temporarily off my game.
Well, it shattered your faith in everything.
It's with me all the time, Claire, I just don't like to talk about it.
Like you need to admit that losing your parents when you were twelve was traumatic.
Yeah, like...
No, of course not, but I think now that this has happened, a lot of things can start to come out...
You're glad somebody tried to kill me?
I don't know.  In a way, I'm glad it all happened.
I'm gonna have to get a restraining order.  What a nightmare.
Thank God he did.
I can't believe Will killed him.
I'm still shaking.
When did they find her?
Yeah, I appreciate it.  Thanks, Josef.
What happened?
What?  That's horrible!
Well, it's a nice surprise.  Should I hit the "stop" button?
I spaced out.
Forgot my car keys.  What are you doing on the fourth floor?
Hey, what are you doing here in the middle of the day?
No.  Of course not.  Mmmm.  Anago.  My favorite.
Oh, Peter, you're going to pursue this.
Now that you're on TV, you're a magnet for all the wackos out there.
Says she can get me in to see this killer.
Did she waltz in or fly on little bat wings?
Sorry.  It's just...a strange woman waltzes into my office today.  Tells me she murdered her parents and can prove Satan exists.
Peter, where are you?
You know, there was a guy on the radio today trying to explain why we're losing daylight.  Quarks and dark matter, things like that.  Even how daylight savings has caught up with us over the last hundred years and our universal watch is just fast, you know?
Hmmm.
I can't believe it's already starting to get dark so early.
Sushi.
Uh...sure...I...what?
I must really be slacking off.  Hungry?
Weird.  The book again.  Sex spelled backwards...
Bad?
Shi... Sorry, honey.  I was having the weirdest dream.
It's probably trivial.
You never said anything to me...
It's Susan's cooking, Claire.  That's why Uncle James lets them stay.
It's great of you to let William and Susan stay at the house until he gets on his feet.
She's a talk show host.  They can't be charmed.  By definition.
How'd your interview go?  I'm sure you charmed the hell out of Sally.
Do you think they have a room here?
I missed you.
Eight.  That okay?
What time did you make it for?
You know, I made a reservation at Marco's for Peter's birthday dinner, but maybe you should cater it.
Yes.  It's exactly...
...you wearing a watch, Father?
Well, if Peter here would hop off his laurels long enough to marry you...
Frustrating.  Form over content. Everything's so retro.
Nonsense, it's all of our home.  So how's work treating you?
Peter, are you okay?
What a...jerk!
Just me.
Tell the jury how many people work in that office with you and Mr. Viznick.
He asked to go home early.  He said he was bothered by all the people who kept telling him what to do.
On the day of the murders  what did the defendant request?
Seemed...on edge.
And on the day of the murders, his state of mind?
Quiet.  Real quiet...
And how would you describe him?
Yes.
I'm gonna go make a stink.  Sit tight. I'll make sure you get a change of clothes.
I can take care of myself.
You have to tell me who did it.
Not the guards.  Some of the prisoners are easily disturbed.
Sure it is.  If the guards did this, we can file charges.
It's nothing.
George, come in.  What the hell happened to you?
Of course not.  They put him through severe mental stress.  Causing this aneurysm.
So you don't believe his condition is the result of anything supernatural?
You should know I never felt Mr. Birdson needed anything but professional psychiatric care.  And then, minutes after they left, he suffered a stroke. He's comatose.  No brain wave activity at all.
No, I wasn't, actually.
You're aware that this woman was party to the so-called exorcism.
My secretary?
When your secretary called, she made no mention of her coming, too.
Quite a compliment coming from you, doctor.
Mr. Kelson, what a pleasure to meet you. I have to say your instincts about the criminally insane are impeccable.  I am a fan.
I think I should join you.
Father Jeremy and Deacon John Townsend of St. Ursula's, and our associate, Maya Larkin.  Secular assistants are permitted if regarded as qualified.  Maya is eminently qualified.
I'm aware of that, but I don't think he's in any condition to make requests. I'm trying to appeal to your more...logical self, Father.  I'm concerned about harm to my patient.
It's the patient's request, doctor.
This patient has been plagued with temporal lobe seizures.
But your patient is legally entitled to it.
You know I'm not comfortable with this.
Your court order, Dr. Allen.
You heard voices, you know you did.
There is a medical explanation for everything that happened.
And was he in distress when you opened the door?  Or was he sitting here, relaxed, at this table?
The patient was in great distress. Naturally he was...yelling.
What did you hear?
I certainly hope you're not lending any credence to this.
Dr. Allen, could you please tell Mr. Kelson what you heard as you tried to enter Mr. Birdson's room?
I don't have the experience.  Father Thomas should officiate.
You'll do it?
You have a sister in New Orleans.
Father, I have nowhere else to stay.
I've had it.  Townsend's dead.  The police are calling and now I see you having a scene in front of the children. I'm sorry, Maya, you've been with us for many years, but effective immediately, I'm rescinding your right to live at the church.
I hope so.
Is he going to be okay?
But bad judgement.  And now you see how dangerous the consequences can be.
He will.  He has great faith.
The doctor's concerned he may never come out of this dementia.
Maya, for the last time, I will not tolerate these obsessions.
If you really believe in God, why is it so inconceivable that his enemy is just as real?
Please, Maya.  I'm trying to get us into the next century and you insist on this medieval nonsense.
You weren't there.  Give me time to get some proof.
I don't mean to belittle you, but we've been through this before.  Satan is not what you think he is.  Satan is not some creature.
I had to.  There was no other way. Their deaths were part of the greatest legacy I could have given you.
You killed my parents.
You are my son.  Don't you see the opportunity that lies before you?
You raised me, like a son.
Everything I did, I did for you.  I love you, Peter.  Think of it.  I'm giving you a gift, absolute power and knowledge.
You lied to me my whole life. Everything you said, everything you did.
It was perfect.  The harder I pushed, the more you pulled away.
So all that bullshit about God and faith.
Don't you get it?  They had their 2,000 years.  Now it's our turn.
You fucking bastard.
You know, I respect that you have such faith, James.  I don't understand it, but I want you to know that despite our differences, I admire you and I always will.
Peter.  Your life must matter to you because it matters to all of us who love you.
But it's true.  I have no faith.  It's strange.  When that gun was pointed at my face tonight, I was surprised, but never frightened.  It was as if I knew nothing could possibly happen to me and...in that one moment I didn't care about anything.  Not eve my own life.
No matter, my son, he believes in you.
You're right, but it's funny.  All my life I thought I was simply a man who didn't believe in any of it.
Listen to me, Peter.  You can't let the ravings of a madman disturb you, okay?
Yeah.  It didn't make any sense.
He spoke to you?
Something he said, just before...
What is it?
Given all that's happened, I understand. The world is random, but then there's faith.  Where are you in death without it?
You know how I feel.  The world is random.  The only certainty I believe in is death.
Between your book sales and this TV thing, there's going to be no living with you.  And let me guess, you boiled God down to a conceit.
You ready?
How're you doing?  Looking lovely as always.
...art sank, sun set, ark sank again...
Father, please don't die.
Miette, come here and relax.
So I guess Satan lost.  Satan is the weak one.
Would you like to rest, Miette?  You must be exhausted.
So, if Christ won, that means, what does that mean, Father?  That Satan...
Um hm.  That's right, Maya.
We won because Christ...triumphed over Satan?
Yes.  We won, that's right.
So...we won?
Well, in my prayers, I realized we've been fooling ourselves and probably... blown this all out of proportion.  God would never allow anything like that to happen.
What do you mean "don't worry?"
Don't worry...about the transformation, Maya.
Father!  Thank God you're better!  I really need your help.  We've only got a few more hours.
...the ark sank, the sun set, the ark sank again...
Father, I'm right here.
...the ark sank, the sun set, the ark sank again.
Just open the door, please.
-- you wouldn't last five minutes.
I know, Maya, but you'll understand when you see this man.  I really need your strength.
Why are you doing this to me?
Oh, thank you, thank you so much!
Two negatives always make a positive.
I didn't know what else to do...
You just call?
Peter...Peter Kelson.
What's his name?
Well I know he's come here before.
You need his blood-type.  Like right away.
Thirteen.  The last time, can you believe it?  This is how he says "Goodbye?"
How many weeks are you honey/
I took one of those home pregnancy tests, but I don't want to tell him. I'm RH negative.  My blood type is negative...  If he's RH positive, I'll have to terminate.
Kelson, hold on a second...
Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for Peter Kelson.
It's me.  Put the gun down.  Maya...
Oh, Peter.
Not a lot.
How much time do we have?
And what's that mean?
Book five, Deuteronomy, chapter seven, verse five.  "But this shall you deal with them.  You shall break down their altars and burn their graven images with fire."
And his message was  "Together, no matter what?"
He was trying to tell me something.
Terrific.
That's his, I don't know, his 'grounding' phrase for me, "together, no matter what."
What did he say to you in French?
He's been repeating that since Birdson's exorcism.  I looked in every passage in the Bible and there's nothing about an ark or a sunset that tells us anything.
So, what does it mean.  The ark sank and the sun set?
I'll be all right.  Peter, at the very end, I think Father was back.  I saw it in his eyes.
You have to be experienced to do this. Just wait outside. Otherwise, you risk killing him.
What can I do?
Sure.
Maybe I should check Lareaux's book. It's in the car.  Be right back.  Don't go anywhere.
I don't know.  Extra apartment keys. What's it matter?
What are these?
Plenty of time.
Only your body will remain.  I believe your soul will be at peace.  If we kill you, Satan can't stay.
What about after?
Until it happens, you're still a human being.
Why didn't you just go along with Townsend.  Get rid of me.  I would've...
Maybe that's my problem.
No oxygen to the brain.
I know it is.  Right after my parents died, I went to the beach...  I was in the water.  Everything was calm.  And then one of those really big waves hit me.  Hard.  Pulled me straight to the bottom.  I struggled and finally ran out of air.  If it hadn't been for my sister who pulled me out, I would've drowned. Legally dead for a couple of minutes is what they told me.
Close call.  For the first time in a long time, it's really hitting me. Life's tenuous.
I was desperate.  I knew you wrote about murders.  I needed a way in.
Why did you lie to me about your parents' deaths?
That's true.
You have to say that.
We're going to do this.
I'm scared I'm slipping back.
I see things.  My worst fears.  You need to know something, Peter.  I was possessed once.  Like Birdson.  It took Father Lareaux six days to pull me out of it.
What do you mean?
Sometimes, when I feel weak, I have these...visions.
Are you alright?
Comfort.
What's the bible for?
There's nothing else here.
I don't know.  Probably have a copy of my birth certificate...my apartment.
He couldn't stop us and that's how he was punished.  Peter, what time were you born?
That can't be right.  My birthday's tomorrow.
It'll happen at the exact time of your birth.
Your 33rd birthday.  The transformation will be a perversion of Christ's rising from the dead.  Townsend discovered it in one of Lareaux's books.
Hang on, get it up, go on, higher.
What?
When's your birthday?
You okay?
What?
Peter, let go of the chair!
What's the...OH SHIT!
Get up!!
I'll go outside and take a look in the garage.
Nothing yet.
I'm going to look around.
We needed to know all we could.
The books themselves or maybe some pages he ripped out.
What are you looking for exactly?
Townsend, he had some of Father's books.
When Townsend tried to kill me, he said something strange like...  "The time of transformation is near..."
I don't know.  I do know that people who are possessed have to accept evil in some way.  I don't know if it works the same way in this instance.  I don't even know when it's going to happen.
And if what you're saying is true, what would happen to me?
Peter, I believe your baptism was perverted.  Look at your certificate. Your mother was the only witness to it. Your blood-type doesn't match who you thought your father was.  Peter...I'm sorry.
Then why are you here?
So...then the coroner's report is probably wrong.  I mean...this is ridiculous.  There's been a mistake.  I don't believe any of this.
Peter, your blood-type is AB negative. There's no way your birth father can be O positive.  You father is not who you think he is.
I looked at the coroner's report.  My father's O positive and my mother...A negative.
Do you know your parents' blood types?
Yes.
Seven years.  One baptism?  He's your mother's only brother
So what?
The only baptism he ever performed in seven years as pastor at Bedford.
Yes, I know.
You were not baptized.  At least I don't believe it was Christian.  Your baptism was performed by your uncle, James McKenzie.
But I was baptized.  And I certainly wasn't born of incest.
There's no reason why you should.  This has been planned from your birth. You fit all the criteria that we know of.  Never baptized, born of incest, devoid of faith...
I don't understand what's going on.
If you or any of your lunatic friends ever come near me again...
You're about to become the anti-Christ who is born unholy and becomes the door to eternal suffering in this world.
My parents are dead.  Don't even think of bringing them into this.
I know this sounds crazy.  I understand. Check your parents' blood types.  Are you sure your parents are your birth parents?
I'm not going to be drawn into this.
You're already contaminated.  It's why you couldn't hear the tape.  There's probably a pentacle near your bed.  To sanctify you.
You should think about getting professional help.
The good outwitting the bad.  It's like Birdson had a split personality.
Trick him.
If you're possessed, you can't reveal anything Satan wants hidden.  Unless you trick him.
Why didn't Birdson just say so?
It's true.  Birdson knew your name, he was writing it in numerical code.  It wasn't easy but I figured it out.  It spelled your name.
What?!?!
At the exorcism, Birdson boasted that Satan is about to take over the body of a man.  You are that man, Peter.
And the point is?
Townsend believed, just as God became man in Christ.  So Satan will assume human form.  I believe it too.
Why did he try to kill me?
Please, the children.
Last night a guy named John Townsend tried to shoot me and now I find out you knew him.  What the fuck is going on?
Peter, please...
We need to talk.
Well, why should I?  Alright, what's your name, where do you live, when did you kill your parents?
That's their explanation.  You might not believe me...
And this is evil?  The guy had an aneurysm and now he's in a coma.
I had to.
Where do you get off pretending to be my secretary?
You're right.  I must've made a mistake.
So what'd I miss?
I cranked it all the way up.  Nothing but hum.
You're sure?  There was nothing?
It was blank.  Nothing on it.  You gave me the wrong one.
What do you mean?
I think you gave me the wrong one.
So...what did you think of the tape.
Well, I think it's very simple.  Here's a tape of Birdson's exorcism.  I'll be at the Public Library.  Tomorrow at 2... if you want to meet him.
The world would be so much simpler if it were all just about good and evil. Unfortunately I find it much more slippery and elusive place.
On television, you seemed so sure of yourself.  If you're really that confident, you'd be willing to let someone prove you wrong?
I'll bet.
An exorcism was just held for Birdson. It failed.  Disastrously.  Which means there's still a demonic spirit present in his body.  I was wondering, perhaps you'd like to go meet Henry.  He's pretty amazing.
I do.
Last week the Catholic Church certified him as genuinely possessed.  You realize how rarely they make that ruling?
What's that got to do with you?
Do you remember Henry Birdson?  The math professor who won the Salwen Medal, then went home and killed his family?
Well, then it all seems to be working out for you.  Listen, Ms...?
In the end, the jury saw it my way.
Ooooooh-kayyyyyy.
I murdered my parents, Mr. Kelson.  And while they deserved it, I still went to confession the following Sunday.
Well, by saying that, you're acknowledging the existence of a higher power.  Which, to a narcissist, is impossible.
And I also believe in God and the Devil. In fact, I know they exist.
A narcissist doesn't admit it.  It's the extreme of self-denial.
What if I told you I was a malignant narcissist?
Not the most popular opinion, but yes.
That there is no such thing as evil with a capital "E."
Listen, I'm sorry, but I'm running late.
And also that...
Not pure evil.  That's correct.
You said that malignant narcissism was not evil.
Thank you.  Do you work in the building? You coming from the party?
I saw you on television yesterday.  You were brilliant.
Yes... and you are?
Peter Kelson?
May I help you?
...as a narcissist, he couldn't blame himself.  He created the voices after the fact.
Oh my God!
I'm not waiting until it's too late.
Look, John, I'm facing it.
You don't want to face it.
Sure of what?  Who cares if this guy is devoid of faith or sleeps over a pentacle?  Results are what Lareaux would want.
You can't back out on me now.  We need to be sure.
It's useless...look at him.
Alright, Maya.  We'll do it your way.
We'll see Father Frank in the morning. There's nothing to be done until then.
I've dealt with these people before, Maya.  They're not going to help us.
We need all the help we can get.
A lot of good that'll do.
I've filed a report with Father Frank.
And what are you thinking we should do now?
I'll explain everything later.  Can you meet me tonight?
Maya?  What do you mean?
I know who he is.
Hello?
Whish the circumstances were different.
Good seeing you again.
Goodbye.
Get out of here.
You do know, don't you.  That these are also numbers.  Greek numbers, 600, 60 and 6 - or 666.  The sign of the Devil.
Suit yourself.  But does this mean anything to you?
You know what?  You can go.
Viznick will get off and Michael's got a crush on you.
Nothing you couldn't find out from reading the papers.  And you're already wrong on one count.
But she worships you.  Your mother's dead but your father's alive.
You are the younger of two...
I'd appreciate it if you'd put that back.
Nice suit.
I'll be at Bedford tonight, if you need me.
The police used him as a witness in this case.
I think it's gonna be a waste of time.
He can see you Thursday.
What about that psychic, what's his name, Szabo?
Mr. Kelson, here's the stuff you wanted on pathological narcissism.
We millionaires yet?
Good of you to stop by.
It's Detective Smythe.
Yeah.
You watch.  One day, I'll hit the jackpot, get the big house, car, clothes.  I'll have more money than God.
You know what they say.  You have the same chance of winning whether you play or not.
Sometimes I can just feel the numbers.
Lemme guess.  The lottery.
I plan to.  You want a tip?
Of course.
Would you sign it for me?
And what about you?  What about Peter Kelson?  Where is your moral compass?
Right.  If you believe in God.  As a narcissist, Viznick couldn't blame himself for the alleged murders.  He created the voices after the fact.  In order to avoid the simple truth that there is no outside force that guides George Viznick and that George Viznick needs to pay.
Meaning, Viznick's a man who answers to no one.  Not even God.
Well, George Viznick is in the grayest of gray areas in the sanity spectrum. Viznick is not psychotic. He's simply unable to submit to any higher authority.
Are you saying he's legally sane?
Well, we all have a degree of narcissism, Sally, but a malignant narcissist is dangerously self-obsessed.
What do you mean by that?
As if there's another cause for little voices?  No, Sally, Viznick's a manipulator, he's clever, he has what I call malignant narcissism.
Not even from some mental illness, as the prosecution asserts?
There weren't any voices.
You're referring to the defense's efforts to prove that George Viznick is tormented by "demonic voices?"
No, the less mystifying.  Good and evil are only illusions.  There is no such thing as evil with a capital "E."  That suggests some third party bad guy pulling all the strings.
It's as if you are saying the closer you get to evil, the less evil it becomes.
Well, long-term exposure to things like this tends to give you a sort of clinical understanding of the subject. After awhile, you begin to make friends with it, so to speak.
Peter, you're now writing a book about the Viznick case.  You seem to be making a career of studying sensational murderers.  I have to ask, how does it make you feel when you sit in courtrooms day after day, face to face with alleged killers?
Thanks for having me, Sally.
As a part of today's story on the trial of mass murderer George Viznick, we welcome Peter Kelson, author of the current best-seller, VICIOUS INTENT. Thank you for joining us, Peter.
Had to let her go.  I see you thinkin' there, superstar. Don't.
Where is she now?
We hauled her in earlier but didn't have anything hard to tie her to Townsend. Far as the priest goes, he won't be bothering you.  Suffered a complete mental breakdown, during - get this - during an exorcism.
Not what the records show.  Anyway, she was a runaway, arrests for vandalism, petty theft, drugs, the whole bit. Parole records show she graduated from community college, moved into a retreat house, teaches some classes at the seminary school, hasn't been in any trouble since.
She told me she killed them.
Mother killed the father, then killed herself.  Crime of passion.
What happened?
Yeah, murder-suicide.
Parents died?
She's got a juvenile record from New Orleans.  Parents died when she was 13.
She came to me with a wild story about demonic possession.
You got the right attitude, anyway, look, we gotta talk.
It's another day.  I think I'm alright.
How're you doin' today?
What's up?
Hey, don't thank me.  Somebody up there likes you.
Thanks again for everything.
Sure thing.  Look, I've got enough, between your preliminary statements and all the witness accounts.  You can go home.  Gimme til morning.  Find out who he is. Until then, don't sweat it, huh?  Just your random bad cheese trying to hole you.
Thanks for handling this.
I'll quit, maybe you should start.
He could see me.
He's looking right at me.
What's the matter with you?
You're too old to smoke.  Won't be able to shoot hoops with your grandkid.
Yeah, look at that sweet face.  You'd never guess he killed nine people.  I'm gonna get my smokes.  Be right back.
Seems George isn't making too many friends in lockup.
So you can see where you're going when you crawl up his asshole.
What's this?
Yeah, yeah.  I've heard it before.  Just be sure you spell my name right.  Nine o'clock?
Really?  You know, seeing these guys away from the court, the facade slips. You catch things.
So, Viznick's got a meet with his lawyer in the ayem.
Yeah, right.  I don't know why I bothered inviting you guys.  I knew you wouldn't show.
Mike.  Oh, the christening.  I meant to call...
Hey!  Mr. big shot.
When I said Quincy could do better, I was thinking about you.
What are you talking about?
It mattered, Mom.
You had your coaches and your father for that stuff.  It never mattered one way or the other if I went to your games.
That's all you cared about.  I must have played in a thousand games and I can only remember you being to two.
What's ridiculous is not being a caterer so your husband can feel like a man knowing his woman's home cooking and ironing his drawers.
That's ridiculous.
I do.  You never stood up for yourself. Ever.  If I was ashamed, it was because of that.
I don't remember that.
I remember when I was eight years old, you spent like four hours cooking up this fancy meal.  All you'd let me and Lena do was set the table.  And I guess you and Dad got your wires crossed or something because he walks in with a couple of pizzas.  And you didn't say anything. You just threw the whole meal into some tupper-ware and tossed it in the fridge.
Don't tell me you aren't ashamed of that because I know.
That's not it.
Oh, yes.  The superstar female athlete whose mother is nothing but a housewife.
I'm angry because I want a mother, not Martha Stewart.
So you're angry with me because you're standing here with your hair combed and wearing perfume?
Because you're pushing me to be something I'm not.
What was so wrong with wanting to teach you the things I knew could help you?
I wasn't Lena.  I didn't care about nail polish or lip gloss or sneaking a spray of your perfume.
Child, please.  Ever since you were little you thought you were too good for anything I had to say.
No I don't.
You're the one always turning your nose up at me.
So that's why we can't get along? Because I'd rather shoot a "dumb" jump shot?
What do you want me to tell you, Monica, to go beat that girl up?  To go have sex with him?  I'm not going to do that. Yes, I believe thinking of other people is important and yes I'd rather bake a pie than shoot a dumb jump shot.  If that makes me too "prissy" for you, too bad.
There you go.
Don't curse.
I asked but why does it always have to be so damn prissy.
You didn't want my opinion in the first place, so why even ask?
Whatever.
Find out where they're registered and send them a gift.
So what do I do?
Maybe she is.
His mother had a cookout a few weeks ago. He could do a lot better if you ask me.
Yeah, you met her?
To that stewardess?
Engaged.
How is he?
Yeah.  Can't wait to see him  I just saw Quincy.
I can manage.
Need any help?
Hi.
Whenever you lose, you get this attitude. But it's just a game.
What?
He's still at the bank.
Dad around?
Don't be defensive.  I'm just surprised to see you.
Didn't know I needed a reason to come home.
Monica.  What are you doing here?
Tonight, don't worry about yesterday's game, the recruiters, or anything else. I just want you to enjoy being beautiful. Will you do that?
What?
Nothing.  So good luck.
What?
Sure.  In between all the other things I have to do.
You really should be a caterer or something like you used to say.
Child, take a bite.
I can't eat before a game.
Taste this.
Watch your mouth.
Well, that's what you think, isn't it? Cause I'd rather wear a jersey than an apron...
That's not funny
I won't.  I'm a lesbian.
I don't know why I keep hoping you'll grow out of this tomboy thing.
nothing.
Pants.
Fine, you don't like this one, which one would you rather wear?
I hate it.
I'm lucky I found it.  Someone put your box of dresses under a pile of rags in the garbage.
Ah, Mom.
Oh, all that work.
Nothing.
Monica, what did you do?
Thanks, sweetheart.
Okay.
You sure?
The blue.
Which one for tomorrow?
Camille, she'll be fine.
How is she alright looking the way she does?
She's alright.
She needs to stop running around like a little boy.
Okay.
He's fine.
You might want to put a jacket on him, it's getting cold.
The doctor said it was okay.  Anyway, I'm still trying to lose some of this baby fat.
So you're still breast-feeding?
What'd you do?
So that means it's alright for you to act like that?
But you use potato?
...and if you want a thicker base, you can cut in a potato or just use a little flour.
I just need to lay down.  I've been running around all day.
Are you okay?
When you're done can you make sure she brushes her teeth?
Really?  Well, come on, then.
You know, girl, long as I've lived next door, I've never seen the inside of this house.
Well, no, but once Nathan gets settled and the girls get a little older, it's definitely something I want to do.  Since you love to cook, maybe it's something we can talk about.
You're a caterer?
Oh, me too.  I used to cook for my friends' parties and things back in Atlanta.
It was the least we could do.  And I love to cook.
Well, thanks again.  This was really nice of you.
Okay?
Until the Black family down the street became the Black family next door.
...we moved back here when Quincy was about five, after Zeke was traded. Neighborhood was a little more mixed back then...
You think I'd go hoarse for a player with no potential?   When I ignore you, that's when you worry.  Go get dressed.
It's just...it seems like you're always yelling at me.
What?
You want the job or not?
I thought Sidra's ankle was okay for next game.
We've got our final games against Oregon and Oregon State and I want to shake things up a bit, so I'm starting you at point again.
Thanks.
You could've given up after you threw that ball away.  But you kept your head and you showed real heart.
I want you to stand like that until you're sick of it because I don't ever want to see it again, you hear me?  Dora, take her spot.
Coach...
You love to pose so much, let's see it again.
What?
This time get your feet set.
I can take it.
Shh.  It's okay.
Wait...
Your sister told me hands off, but I can't help myself...
Uh-huh.
That was nice.
Then I'll get you some punch.
My mouth is kinda dry.
I mean, I'm having a good time with you...
Sorry.
That was two words.
Huh?
Careful.
Sort of.
I'm an English major.  You like English?
Oh, sorry.
No, I mean I can check it for you.
You're cold?
Can I take your coat?
I'd love for him to get a good education.  That's it.
But you'd love for him to play at USC, like you did.
Gotta wait til the press conference.
You could make a career by telling me where.
Don't go starting rumors, Jim.  My son's college bound with or without basketball.
Quincy, word has it you might make the jump the NBA.
Don't make fun of me when I'm being wonderful and supportive.  You belong on the court.  Just like I belong in the stands, looking cute and cheering you on.
A horse?
You're just scared.  I know rehab is hard, and you have to worry about whether you'll be as good as you were but you will be.  I believe in you.  You just have to get back on the court.  Like you'd get back on a horse.
I don't know sometimes.
To do what you love.
Sometimes I wonder if it's worth it. Busting my ass, for what?
Baby, don't talk like that.  Your rehab's going well.  You'll be back before you know it.
You might be the only one with a job.
Why not?
Nah.
Four days.
So how long is this trip?
Get used to it, babe.
I don't wanna see that.
What?
Damn, girl.
Yes, we appreciate that.
It means a lot that you came by.
Monica.  You grew up together, right? Quincy's told me about you.
Kyra, this is Monica.  She, uh...
Hello.
Why are you up?  Get in bed.
It's okay.
I'm so sorry.  No one would switch flights with me.
Yeah, once I cut them off.  Why?
They ever love you back?
Too many times.
You ever been in love?
Hey.  You just worry about playing your behind off for that recruiter tonight. Let me worry about your date.
I don't know how to walk in heels.
If you were tore up I would not be claiming you.  Trust.
Yeah, right.
You do.
Oh, great.
I told him you looked like me.
How'd you get him to say yes?
And he's fine, girl.
He's in college?
This brother from my college.
Damn, Lena...  Who is he?
No.
Mom tell you to do this?
I know...
Found?  I'm not some charity case.
I found you someone.
Yeah, brothers are lined up at my locker.
So what's going on with the Spring Dance? You have a date yet?
Just try and chill a little bit, alright.
No one's forcing her.
You need to.  She's alone in this house all day, taking care of Dad and your ungrateful behind.
Just cause I don't kiss her booty like you...
Like you don't give her a hard time.
Always on my ass, anyway.
Mom's going to hate it.
No.
That too tight?
I'll take that as a compliment.
You shoot like a girl.
So how's the job going?
That tends to happen when you're the boss's daughter.
I was upstairs for a meeting.  I've been hearing good things about you.
Dad.  What are you doing here?
Hey, munchkin.
Chances are there's still a chance.
I know.  But chances are...
The coach from USC is going to be at the championship.
You only have one game left and you haven't been recruited.  Munchkin, I wanted it as bad as you did, but we have to face reality.
What?
Monica, I think her point is...maybe it's time to start thinking about other things besides basketball.
I was just showing emotion.
You lost your head.
The coach from Tennessee was there and he has me riding the bench.
And what am I supposed to say to the man?
Dad, you have to talk to Coach for me.
Sometimes.  But what's the alternative, not playing?  You remember big Toni?  She quit last year, now she's working at some bookstore.  I mean, look at us. They treat us like we're Hollywood stars over here.  We just played in the championship game.  It doesn't get much sweeter than this.
You ever think about going back?
Shoot, Italian boys love them some black women.  They can't get enough of me.
Just not my type, I guess.
What?  You've been over here seven months and you ain't tapped anything?
I wouldn't know.
So what are these Spanish guys like?
It's better.  Even though the whole first season my teammates didn't pass to me cause they were mad "The American" was making more money.  I led the team in rebounds cause it was the only way I could touch the damn ball.
How's that been?
Yup.  So I've been playing with this Italian club the last three years.
Just like that?
Yeah, four years ago.  They had me staying in this tiny-ass town with like fifty people.  I'm not playing, there was about a thousand goats running around, and it gets dark at four o'clock.  Then the whack club I'm on loses three games in a row and I get blamed.  So they fire me.
You mean my championship trophy?  My bad.
Can you take that damn thing off the table.
How do you say "you're dreaming" in Italian?
I'm gonna love winning this championship in your house.
What's up, Sidra.
Well, what do you know.
Never let a freshman take your spot.
What's that?
Just one word of advice for next season.
I know.
But that was a dumb-ass pass to Toni. Ten seconds left, you run out the clock.
Thanks.
No buts.  Took a lot of heart to take that charge.
But?
Just wanted to say good game.
What's up?
Didn't have to try very hard.
You were trying to make me look bad.
I was just playing ball.
That's what you get for trying to show out, freshman.
Besides.  I've been starting point the last two years.  Ain't no way some dumb- ass freshman is taking my spot.
Thanks, Sidra.
Hey, don't take it personal.  And don't think just cause we play the same position we have to compete with each other.  We're teammates, okay?
What's up with that?
She hates all freshmen.
Coach hates me, doesn't she?
If I lose, I'll buy you a wedding present.
And what happens when you lose?
So, if I win it's because deep down you know you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life, and deep down your want me to stop you.
So?
You once said the reason I beat you was because you wanted me to.
What will this prove?
Monica, after that stuff with my dad, I couldn't trust anybody, okay.  I mean, I was lost.  So you are forgiven.  But that was five years ago.  I moved on.
I know why you broke up with me in college.  And not that what you did wasn't messed up, but what I did was, too.  So if you forgive me, I'll forgive you.
What's that supposed to be, psychology?
So you're gonna bitch up?
You're out of your mind.
Your heart.
For what?
One game.  One-on-one.
What?
I'll play you.
Wrong.
Better late than never, right?
Because you don't pull this on someone who's about to get married.
Then why are you so upset?
You haven't changed.  You still think the sun rises and sets on your ass.  Well, guess what, it doesn't.
I know, I probably should have said it two weeks ago.
We haven't talked since college and now you wait two weeks before my wedding to say something like this?
What I'm trying to say is, I've loved you since I was eleven and the shit won't go away.
I heard enough.
It's not fun for me anymore because you're missing.
you woke me up to tell me that?
From basketball.
What?
You asked me what was missing.
We need to talk.
What's going on?
Find.
It doesn't matter, alright.  Just leave it alone.
What?
Something was just missing.
Cause I don't get it.
Why do you keep asking me that?
So why'd you give up ball?
It's a trip, you know?  When you're a kid, you see the life you want, and it never crosses your mind that it's not gonna turn out that way.
I mean, Kyra hasn't heard the school thing yet.  She'll probably say it's the painkillers talking.
Wow.
Maybe go back to school.
Like what?
Seems like I needed a ball when I was trying to be like my pops...or trying to be better than him.  Now, I kinda think I need to try something else.
You're serious.
Nah.  I haven't dribbled a ball in four and a half months.  Maybe I miss some of the attention, but besides that...
And you tore up your knee.  Rehab is tough.
That a nice way of saying I rode the bench?
You had a rough couple years, that's all.
Because I'm kinda feeling that way, too.
It just isn't.
That's okay.  I'm probably, you know, busy.
Yeah.  Two weeks.  I didn't get to send you an invitation, but if you...
Strong enough to get you down the aisle?
Getting there.
So...how's the knee?
Darryl.  He's alright, kinda corny.
Who's this guy I always see her around?
Kyra's gone for a couple days.  Figured I'd keep Mom company.
You visiting?
Thanks.
Yeah, and Quincy, good luck with your knee, and everything.
No.
Yeah.  Basketball just, isn't fun anymore.  You know?
A rest?
I'm tired of playing overseas.  Thinking about giving it a rest for awhile.
What do you mean?
Actually, I don't...
Figured it was something like that.
Must have been my cheap-ass answering machine.  It was always messing up.
Wanted to give you props on making First Team All-American.  And then when Magic retired, I tried calling you again.
Oh yeah?
Tried calling you a couple times.
Kiss my ass.
Funny.  I never did.
Well, I tried sneaking in after college, but they found breasts during my physical.
Still working on being the first girl in the NBA?
We won the championship.
So, how's pro-ball, Europe?
I forgot, "Q-man."
Not for Quincy McCall.
I thought a torn ACL was ten to twelve.
A lot of things.  All I know is I'll be back in six months.
What are the doctors saying?
Yup.
I'm fine.  My dad said you tore your ACL.
I'm alright.  But you can sit.
Shouldn't you be lying down, or...
Thanks.
No, it looks good.  I mean, it's cool.
Just something I'm trying.
I was.  I see your peach fuzz finally grew in.
Alright.  I heard you were in Spain.
Uh huh.
So...I guess I'll see you around.
Damnitt, Monica.  This ain't about us anymore, it's about me.
So that's it, just forget about us?
Few days ago.
When did you decide all this?
I decided to go pro.  And who knows where I'll end up, you know?
You're what?
Look, I'm entering the draft.
You don't think so?
I don't think so.
How are you going to tell me what I have time for?  I mean, whatever I did...we can fix this.
I'm going through a lot of shit right now, more than you have time for.
What?
I'm not asking for us to be together.
How do I know next time you're feeling neglected or whatever, you're not going to run around on me?  If we're going to be together I have to be able to trust you.
Well, if all you care about is basketball, why you fucking me?  Go fuck Dick Vitale.
I'm a ballplayer.  If anyone knows what that means it should be you.
Never had to.
I never asked you to choose.
Least you got your priorities straight.
If I stayed, I wouldn't be starting!
Stay!
That night you wanted to talk about your Dad I had a curfew.  What was I supposed to do?
You forgot to be there.
What, "Q-man", did I forget to kiss your ass like everybody else?
I just said I didn't fuck around.  But you got your head so far up your ass it took a cheap date for you to notice me.
So you fucked around to prove a point!
Least she had time for me.
Cheap date.
I just took the ho to Burger King, alright.
Talk to your new girlfriend.
Can we talk?
Are you out of your mind?
We're going to get some food.
What the hell's going on?
Oh, Kerry, this is Monica.  Monica, Kerry.
Woman...
The "man" again.
Yeah, I hit a three at the buzzer.
Yeah, sorry about that.  I had this meeting with this guy.
You weren't at my game.
Hey, what's up.
Hey.
Nah.  I have curfew.
Fine...Maybe I'll come by later.
You know what, I'm just gonna crash.
Not really.
You want to go talk?
Look, this party's whack.  You ready to go?
Who's nobody?
Nobody.
Who was that?
You think for once we could talk about something besides basketball?
he's just playing, Q...
It happens, right...
Sorry about your game.
Here I am.
I've been trying to find you all day.
What's up?
Hey.
For real.  I should be alone, anyway.
Quincy...
Nah.  Don't sweat it.
I mean, I can stay a few more minutes.
Didn't realize you were watching the clock.
Coach has us on eleven o'clock curfew. If I'm late, I don't suit up.
Why not?
I...can't.
I'm not up for running into anybody. Let's just kick it here, alright?
Nothing.  Why don't we walk to my dorm?
I know a lot of brothers dog their wives, I just never thought my pops would do some shit like this...
You're not stupid.
He even had me wanting to play for the "Clippers."  Man, how stupid am I.
She understands.
What has he been to me?  I mean, he looked me in my face and lied like it was nothing.  Like it was easy.  And I'm standing there getting loud on my mom like she's the one with no sense...
I know he messed up, but that doesn't change what he's been to you.
Don't put your hands in your pockets, hold your head up, always look a man in the eye, and all the time I'm hanging on his every word like he's God or something...
I wanted you to.
I won.
Right here.
Yo, where's the "D"?
Plan to.
Kiss my booty.
My court, I go first.
Give me the ball.
What?
Clothes.
What are we playing for?
So how about a little one-on-one?
Who cares if you're never known as the first girl in the NBA.  You'll get more play behind Quincy McCall's woman anyway.
That was so weak.
So you're gonna act salty all night?
I don't have it easy like you, alright. There's no red carpet laid out for me.
Then prove her wrong.
I'm telling you, Coach wishes she was here instead of me.
Forget Tonya Randall.
Quit.
It's okay, little baby.
I said fine.
I can't help girls coming up to me.
Fine, Quincy.
I can't be nice to a fan?
You do see me standing here, right?
What?
Whatever, big head.
Basically broke down how I'm gonna make mad loot in the NBA, me being such a limited commodity and all.
What'd it say?
Yeah.
You finish the reading for E-con?
I know, right?
What was that about?
You sure?
It was on my bed when I came in.  Can you just...?
When'd you get this?
You had four offensive rebounds.
What?
Four.
Cause I don't just stick my dick in anything.
Why?
That what you think?
Well, I'm sure she kept her word and left you satisfied.
None of your business.
So what dead-end street did you and Shawnee hit?
Figures.
Mulholland Drive.
I was about to ask you the same thing, going out with a college boy and all.
Early night for you, isn't it?
So you took Shawnee, huh?
Guess not.
He ain't Spalding.
Yeah, the DJ's kinda whack, though.  So who is this clown?
Yeah.
You having fun?
Hey.
Hey.
You either.
You don't look half-bad.
Yeah.
See you made it.
Good.
I don't.
Didn't know you cared so much.
With a jacked-up attitude.
Please, you jump in some guy's face, talk smack and you get a pat on your ass.  But because I'm a female, I get told to calm down and act like a "lady".  I'm a ballplayer, okay.  A ball player.
I'm warning you.  You don't stall that bad attitude, no one's gonna recruit you.
I'm warning you, don't tempt me.
I mean it, give it your best shot, cause I'm tired of you holding that over my head.
Would you watch the damn road?
That's it, give it your best shot.
When we were eleven years old cause he was about to lose.
God, here we go.
I'm not the one who put this scar here.
Your hot-ass temper.
Who said I'm not getting recruited?
See, that's why you ain't getting recruited.
Who's Spalding?
So who you going to the dance with, Spalding?
I don't.
Didn't know you cared so much.
Yeah, an honest tramp-ass ho.  But I guess you'll stick your dick in anything.
So she's honest.
And?  She's not saying, "I think you're a nice guy and I wanna get to know you better," she's saying, "I wanna bone."
And?
She's a ho cause she's sending her coochie through the mail.
Why she gotta be a ho, just cause she wants to get with me.
Big-ass titties?
Some note Shawnee Easton told me to give to you.
What's that?
Please.
Guess "please" would be a stretch.
Look, big head, I'll be at your car.
Your legs don't look broke.
A ride home.
I know this.  What do you want?
Way to hoop.
Shut up!
Last time they won, Dr. J. was a nurse.
What?
You're stupid.  And your Daddy plays for the worst team in the NBA.
Man, forget you then, stupid.
I don't have to do what you say.
So that means I have to ride with you.
So?
My Dad always drives my Mom.
I want to ride my own bike.
Five seconds.
For how long?
I think we gotta kiss now.
Okay.
Kay.
How bout Twinkies?  My mom won't ever buy them.
Oh.
I don't like flowers.
I guess, you know, we play ball and we ride to school together.  And if you get mad at me, I gotta give you flowers.
What do I have to do?
She don't know how to box, I bet.  My dad showed me how to fight like Ali.
I'd just tell my sister, Lena.
Well, if anybody bothers you, you could just tell me cause I run this street.
I don't care.
You do act different.
One time Magic scored forty-eight points, and they only had six minute quarters and he sat out the whole fourth.
I don't know.  A lot.
What was the most points your Daddy ever got in Junior High?
He's alright, but my Dad can take him.
I'm going to be number thirty-two, like Magic.
My Dad plays for the "Clippers."  He says I'ma be a doctor or a lawyer, but I'ma play for them, too.  Same number and everything.
He works at a bank.
Your Dad play?
My Mom says she doesn't know where I come from 'cause I act different.
I never knew a girl that could play.
I just can.
So how come you could play basketball?
Uh huh.
For real?
It's this big hole.  You could almost see bone.
So...does it hurt?
I'ma be in the NBA.  You're gonna be my cheerleader.
Told you I was nice.  I'm going to be the first girl in the NBA.
Lucky.
One, up.
I don't wanna look fast.  Thanks, girl.
Give it yourself.
Well, can you give him this for me?
There's so many I just can't keep track.
C'mon, girl, you live next door.  Who's been creeping?
No.
Your hair looks so cute like that.
Hey.
Hey, girl.
Happy.  And he won't want to see you.
Almost didn't recognize you with your hair like that.  How you been?
He tore his ACL.
Nona, please.
The doctor'll be back in a minute.
What's that, not great?
Not great.
Keep your voice down.
Fine, then how many nights home is that?
No, you said I should get my degree.  I like my "bullshit" job, okay, and it's gonna lead to a spot in the front office. Til then, don't worry, there's just enough savings to keep your ass in Gucci and gold.
You said you'd think about going back to get your degree.
I have.
I'm just saying it'd be nice if you found time for your family. You should see the tramps coming after Quincy.  If you don't talk to him...
Yeah.
I came second to the NBA.  I'm not about to come second to this bullshit scouting job.
I'm not gonna get anywhere punching a clock just so my wife doesn't get an attitude.
At one in the morning?
I had some players to see and hands to shake.
Nona, don't start bitching.  I got maybe two years left to play.  I'm just trying to put some things together for us.
You just got back from a four game road trip.
Business folks.
With who?
Just you and Quincy, baby.  I got a meeting.
We should head over.
What?  Oh, and, uh, don't say "shit."
Zeke.
So you're gonna take the word of some trick over Pop's?  He wouldn't lie.
Guess I should have been telling your father.
I mean, how many times have you told me yourself to watch out for these ho's?
Quincy, please...
This is just about money, you know that.
Just...leave it alone.
Mom, we can't let something like this mess up the family.
Whose truth are you talking about?
Don't sweat it, okay.  Sooner or later the truth'll come out.
Guess he talked to you.
I'm fine.
Sorry.  You okay?
You scared me.
I don't know, he had a meeting or something.
Later when?
Said he'd be home later.
Where's your dad?
Yup.
Still the man.
Twenty-seven points, eleven assists and still undefeated.
How was your game?
I've been hearing you.
You hearing me?
Okay.
I'm not playing with you, these girls are looking to get you caught.  They see you, they see dollar signs.
We were just studying.
Quincy, I told you about these fat-ass girls.
What are you doing in my room?
I look like some hoochie to you?  I found it on your floor.
Uh, your earring?
What is this?
Yeah.
We still have to go?
What?
Fine, I'll fuck off, but not til I say something.
Yeah.
You want me to fuck off?
And now I'm paying for it, right?  That what this is about?  "I told you so?"
Quincy.  I know you left school early to throw your middle finger up at me.
Good.
No.
I stopped taking your advice a long time ago, or did you forget?
I can see that.  I know things look pretty bleak right now, but you can't get down on yourself.
Look, I'm busy.
Don't remember that being my fault. Seems like you divorced me same time as your mom.
After five years.
Came by to check on you.
What do you want?
Always thought "can't" wasn't in a man's vocabulary.
I know your mad at me, okay, but I can't let you do this.
From your mouth.
What?
Since we're being honest, guess I should tell you.  I'm dropping out of school and going pro.
I'm saying I handled my responsibilities like a man.  But when you're in the NBA, you pull into a city and there's a hundred women waiting at the hotel.  And another twenty that made it past security on your floor.  And the boldest one is standing right at your door.  And after awhile, it just becomes part of the game.  I'm sorry I lied to you, I shouldn't have.  But I did it cause I love you.
So now you're saying my mother trapped you?
Your mom was real quick to show you those pictures, wasn't she? Well, she was nineteen when she got pregnant and don't get me wrong, you're the best thing in my life, but she knew I wasn't ready for no marriage.
I ain't a damn liar.
Boy, you're so perfect you can look down on me?
And some things should never fucking happen!
Look, I ain't saying it was right, but sometimes things happen.
Lucky kid.
I messed up, okay, I know that.  But I ain't that kid's father.
We ain't got nothing to talk about.
We need to talk.
Still is, so let yourself out.
Your door was unlocked.
What are you doing here?
We haven't exactly been living the fairy- tale life the past few years.  Something like this happens, it either brings a family closer or pushes them further apart.  We'll just have to see how it plays out.  I'm giving her some space, couple days...
What's Mom think?
A case like this could hang around for months and I'm up for this player relations job with the "Clips."  This gets out, false or not, no one'll touch me.
Why?
I want this thing to go to court, but my lawyer's telling me to settle.
So what are you gonna do?
No, you need to hear me say it, I'll say it.  It's not true.
Sorry.
I mean, it's not true, is it?
I just told you.
Tell me what?
Some girl that's been hanging on at every party.  now I'm supposed to be her baby's Daddy.  Anyway, I told your mom I wanted to be the one who told you.
What?
there's this thing out there.  This paternity suit.
What mess?
Besides, the sooner you go pro, the sooner you'll have to deal with the mess I'm dealing with.
Okay...
Your mom got pregnant and I had to make choices.  You don't have a choice.
You came out early.
You know how much higher the play level is in the NBA?  Give yourself time to develop, Quincy.  Get an education.  The NBA ain't going nowhere.
I'm also good enough to go pro.
Well, tell them to mind their damn business.  You're smart enough to get a degree.
You know, people.
What people?
Let's hope I can say the same about you one day.
You work too hard, Pop.
Anyway, I gotta get to this meeting. Tell your Mom I'm gonna be late.
You don't wanna hurt your back.
I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
Yeah?  So you up for a game later?
Didn't we already have this conversation?
I don't care about the team.  I care about the school.
Pop, there's no way an Ivy League Team is going all the way.
That's right.
Cause when you say can't, you ain't a man.
Why not?
"Can't" should never be in a man's vocabulary.
Boy, what'd I tell you about using that word?
HEY FUCK YOU DON WATCH IT NOW.
THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS. I HAVE BEEN A GOOD WORKER, A GOOD AND LOYAL WORKER FOR YOU, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE.
No need for braces, Donnie.
I don't know.
How are you paying tor the braces, Donnie?
I can't believe you're gonna do this to me, the situation I'm in, I don't -- Avi: You know what?  Being hit by lighting doesn't matter for getting braces, ok? Now Solomon, let me just ask you once: Please. Please. Don't do this.
Don, you got hit by lightning that time in Tahoe, you went on vacation, I don't think braces is a good idea --
I need corrective oral surgery. I need the braces.
Your teeth are straight.
Oral surgery.  Corrective teeth surgery.
What surery?
Shut it.  Shut yer fuckin' mouth.
Jimmy you look like you're about to fuckin' die right here --
You fuckin' don't do that. You don't do it, you cocksucker. I'll fuckin' kill you with my barehands.  Go. get the fuck fuck -- we're going back and we finish the show --
Call 911, Mary, do it right now.
I'm telling you right now, I'm fine. I lost my goddamn balance and I couldn't see a moment, but I'm ok.
no, no, c'mon Jimmy we need to call this quits and you need to see a doctor.
No, no, no. I'm fine. It's small, I wanna keep going --
Call 911. Call 911 right now.
In my sleep, Burt.
C'mon, Jimmy, snap up, snap up --
And the book says: "We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us."
You okay?  huh?  Jimmy?
These adults are tough enough, I think you'll be surprised -- the Mexican's a bit of a question mark --
It's been the same fuckin' thing for thirty years, Burt --
ooohhhhhh no.
You ok?
I'm fuckin' hammered, Burt.
You smell like trouble --
Hello, Phil.
Ok. Janet you have Phil Parma --
Hello?
-- no,no,no what is this? who? What's this guy's name?
Nothing's wrong, I just got some guy on the phone on my other line, he's says he works for this guy, this guy who's Frank's father --
What's wrong?
Hey, Janet, it's Chad.
Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Thank you, Chad, and good luck to you and your mother --
Alright, so I'm gonna transfer you over to Frank's assitant, Janet she's gonna see what she can do --
Yeah, hey. Chad.
Sure is.  So why call me?
It's a helluva disease.
It was scary though.
Oh that's good.
Oh, she's fine.
It's rough.  I'm sorry, did she make it?
My mother had breast cancer.
Brain and Lung.
What kind of Cancer?
There's no number for Frank in any of Earl's stuff and he's pretty out of it -- I mean, like I said, he's dying, y'know.  Dying of Cancer.
Well I'm not sure why you're calling me.
Does this sound weird?
Uh-huh.
I know -- and I can't really explain that, but I have a feeling there's something, some situation between them, like they don't really know each other much or well, something like they don't talk much anymore --
Why don't they have the same last name? They don't have the same last name.
OK.  See:  Frank TJ Macky is Earl Partridge's son....
I'm here, I'm listening.
Well, ok.  Lemme see how I explain this without it seeming kinda crazy, but here go:  I'm, my name is Phil Parma and I work for a man named Earl Partridge -- Mr. Earl Partidge. I'm his nurse.  He's a very sick man. He's a dying man and he's sick and he's asked me to help him, to help him find his son -- Hello?  Are you there, hello?
Well what's the situation?
Well can you connect me to someone else?
I'm really only equipped to take orders --
Well I don't want to order anything, you see. I have a situation, a situation just come up that's really pretty serious and I'm not sure who I should talk to or what I should do but could you maybe put me in touch with the right person if I explain myself?
It is.  Can I have your home phone number with area code?
Hi, hello, great.  This is Seduce and Destroy?
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
Your mother wants to hear from you --
GET OUT.
Honey.
YOU BURN IN BELL.  You burn in hell and you deserve it -- YOU GET THE FUCK OUT.
Please put your clothes on, please --
I'M NOT YOUR BABY, I'M NOT YOUR GIRL. I'm not your fuckin' baby --
baby, please, please --
FUCK YOU.  YOU GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
I'm not lying to you, I'm not --
FUCK YOU.  FUCK YOU, YOU GET OUT.
I'm dying, Claudia.  I have cancer. I have cancer and I'm dying, soon. It's metastasized in my bones and I --
GET THE FUCK OUT.
Now STOP IT and LISTEN to me right now. I AM DYING, I GOT SICK...now I fell down and I'm Not...DON'T --
Get out of here, get the fuck out of my house --
I have something, so much -- I'm sick, Claudia. I'm sick.
I'M NOT CRAZY.  You're the one.  You're the one who's wrong.  You're the one --
I'm not saying that, I'm sorry --
I'M NOT CRAZY.  Don't you tell me I'm crazy.
Don't yell, honey.  Please don't go crazy --
Yeah, yeah right -- what the fuck are doing?  WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE?
I don't want you to think that I'm that way to you -- I'm not gonna call you a slut or something --
Why are you here, why are you doing this? Coming in here -- you wanna call me a whore?
Please.  It doesn't have to be now. Maybe we can make a date to sit down, I didn't mean to walk in on you like this --
I don't wanna talk to you.
...I want to....I want so many things, Claudia. Maybe we can just talk to straighten our things out....there are so many things that I want to tell you --
Don't sit down.
I want to sit.  I want to talk to you.
What the fuck do you want?
No.  No.
Wanna call me a slut now, something?
He's not my boyfriend.
I'd like to talk to you.  Your boyfriend let me in, I just knocked on the door --
What do you want? Why are you here?
It's me.  Claudia.  It's me.
...what the fuck is this...?
just let me walk out, ok?
please, what is it, please --
Let me go, leave me, let me go, it's ok, please.
I won't say, no, wait, Claudia --
Just say no.
What?
....now that I've met you.... Would you object to never seeing me again?
Yes I do.
Wanna kiss me, Jim?
Say what you want and you'll see --
Ohhhh I started this, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I, fuck.
I'll take everything at face value. I'll be a good listener to you.
I've got troubles.
It's ok.
You don't know how crazy I am.
It's ok.
You don't how fuckin' stupid I am.
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago....and Claudia...whatever you wanna tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't...and I will listen...I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want...and you know, you know...I won't judge you.... I can do that sometimes, I know, but I won't...I can...listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you....
That was so great what you just said.
I'm sorry --
Oh my god, Jim. Jim, that was so --
I lost my gun after I left you today and I'm the laughing stock of a lot of people.  I wanted to tell you that. I wanted you to know...and it's on my mind and it makes me look like a fool and I feel like a fool and you asked that we should say things, that we should say what we're thinknig and not lie about things and I'll tell you that, this: that I lost my gun and I'm not a good cop...and I'm looked down at...and I know that....and I'm scared that once you find that out you might not like me.
What?
I lost my gun.
You're a police officer.  You have so much, so many good things and you seem so together...so all straight and put together without problems.
-- no, like what, what do you mean?
I'm really nervous that you're gonna hate me soon.  That you're gonna find stuff out about me and you're gonna hate me --
Yeah, of course.
Can I tell you something?
Yeah.
That felt good to do...to do what I wanted to do.
Well.
ok.
ok.
I'm gonna run to the bathroom for a minute...maybe just --
I'm sorry.
-- well I'm a real...y'know, straight when it comes to that...curse words I just don't use much --
No, I'm sorry.  I'm saying I'm sorry. I talk like a jerk sometimes --
...nothing.  I'm sorry...
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
I didn't mean...it's seems vulgar or something, I know --
-- no, no, it's fine. Fine.
I'm sorry --
You really use strong language.
What?
Wow....huh..."...piss and shit..."
Ok.  I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people....
Let's make a deal.
To not do that.  To not do that that we've maybe done -- before --
...yeah...
What I just said...y'know, people afraid to say things....no guts to say the things that they...that are real or something...
ok.
You wanna make a deal with me?
No, no.
And I bet you say that to all the girls --
I've never found someone really that I think I would like to go out with.
Why not?
Well I don't go out very much.
So you've done it --
Well, that's a natural thing, two people go out on a date, something.  They want to impress people, the other person...or they're scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like them --
Did you ever go out with someone and just....lie....question after question, maybe you're trying to make yourself look cool or better than you are or whatever, or smarter or cooler and you just -- not really lie, but maybe you just don't say everything --
Bye.
Great, bye.
Oh, see?  This is great.  Ten o'clock.
It's my favorite place --
Yeah, You know it? You know Billingsley's?
Billingsley's?
No, no, just casual maybe, maybe I thought -- there's a spot I like to go, it's real nice that overlooks a golf course and the course is lit up at night --
Oh sure yes, that's fine, late dinners are good.  Should I get dressed up or -- ?
What about ten o'clock, is that too late?  I don't get off and then --
Eight o'clock?
No, I'm off tonight.  I would lov-like, to go tonight, I can pick you up, I can pick you up here at about what time?  What time?
Do you wanna go tonight?  I mean, are you working?
I thought you were flirting with me a little.
Yeah.
Really?
I don't know.  I haven't thought about it -- you know what -- that's not true -- I have thought about it.  I've thought about going on a date with you since you opened the door.
Then...I'd like to go...What do you want to do?
No.
Well...is that illegal?
Please, yes.
You wanna go on a date with me?
No, no.  I was wondering...man oh man. I think I feel like a bit of a scum-bucket doing this, considering that I came here as an officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I'd be a fool if I didn't do something I really want to do which is to ask you on a date.
What is it?  Did you forget something?
I'm sorry, Claudia.
Good bye.
Bye, bye, Claudia.
yeah, good, ok.
Just Jim.
Yes.  I will.  It was nice to meet you Officer Jim.
Ok, then.  Keep your chin up and your music down, alright?
I'm sorry.
No. No.  Don't joke about that. That's not funny, Claudia.  Please, now.
If you're not here for a 422 --
Well if you listen' to that music too loud again and that fella returns maybe we'll share another cup of coffee --
We were just gettin' warmed up. We were just getting started.
This is my job.
Tempural-something-mandibular, thing with something, I dunno. But it affects my ear, I don't even know if I have TMJ exactly but just very tight, like - it's like a muscle spasm and it's just gets so clenched --
What's that stand for?
--- yeah, yeah, I get in it in my ear. It's TMJ is what it's called technically.
Thank you.
This is, for not a fresh cup, a great cup of coffee, Claudia --
Ok, ok. I'm back.
Okey-doke.
I'm gonna run to the bathroom real quick.
But I wouldn't mind comin' back in an hour just to see your pretty face!
You won't.  You won't have to.
I don't wanna have to come back here in an hour and find that there's been another disturbance.
It's not my boyfriend -- and it's not anything -- it's over.  Really. It's not.  He won't came back.
It's where situations like these lead, Claudia, unless you do something about it early, if and when the police call and come for help.  Now there are certain measures you can take --
It's not -- what's a 422?
Many times, in damestic abuse situations the young lady is afraid to speak, but I have to tell you that, being a police officer, I've seen it happen: Young woman afraid to speak, next thing you know, I'm gettin' a call on the radio, I got a 422 --
-- is not my boyfriend.
The gentleman who came to the door --
I don't have a boyfriend.
Is this boyfriend bothering you?
Arlight, then.  Cheers.
Yeah.
That'd be fine.  So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our coffee  I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to your music that loud:  They're incovenienced by that.  If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin' to your music and that's fine, you're just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- If it's the middle of the day -- that's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that's a good listening level, alright? I see you like listenin' to your music loud, but, hey, forget about the neighbors, you end up damaging your own ears ok?
You take cream or sugar?
Oh, it'll be fine, I'm sure, Claudia.
I don't know how fresh it's gonna be --
That's great, thank you.
-- do you wanna cup?
I like iced coffee, generally, but a day like this, rain and what not, I enjoy a warm cup --
Yeah...it's not...it's been on for a bit --
got some coffee brewing, huh?
I don't have a boyfriend.
You and your boyfriend have a party last night?
Yeah.
I'm a bit of a slob myself.
Yeah.
Bit messy.
About two years ago.
You just move in here?
ok.
Claudia: Why don't you let me handle the questions and you handle the answers, ok?
What are you lookin' for?
It's fine.
You mind if I check things back here?
I was...he's gone...I mean it's not. It's over, y'know --
Who was it?
No.
You don't have a boyfriend?
No.
Was it a boyfriend of yours?
Yes.  I had someone come to my door, someone I didn't want here and I told them to leave -- so -- it's no big deal. They left.  I'm sorry.
I got a call of a disturbance, screaming and yelling, loud music.  Has there been some screaming and yelling?
No.
You got the TV on too, keep those on at that same time usually?
Yeah.
And that could be the sign of a damaged ear drum, you understand?
I didn't realize it was that loud.
Well if you keep listenin' to the music that loud you're not only gonna damage your ears but your neighbors ears.
No.
-- listenin' to that music so loud: You Tryin' To Damage Your Ears?
Yeah, but I don't know --
Did you hear what I said?
What?
Ok.  Claudia Wilson: You tryin' to go deaf?
Wilson.
I'm sorry.
Ok. For one thing, we're gonna need to turn that music down so we can talk, ok?
For what?
No one else in there with you?
Yes.
I'm sorry, I had to get dressed.
...yeah...
I'm coming!
OPEN THE DOOR.
It's the LAPD, can you open the door, please?
uh...uh...What is it?
LAPD. Open the door.
...Hello...?
Claudia What?
Claudia.
What's your name?
Yes.
You live alone?
You mind if I come in, check things?
No, what's wrong?
You alone in there?
Yes.
-- you the resident here?
It doesn't matter.
-- what kind?
I want a shot of tequila too.
Diet Coke.
Diet Coke.
-- can I get you?
yeah, yes, hi, hello.
Hello.  You're back again, huh?
Don't tell me to go away, Stanley. I am the Co-ordinator in this show and you will answer the questions that I ask, you understand?
NOTHING. NOTHING HAPPEND. GO AWAY.
What happend, what's going on?
I'm, I need to go, I'm gonna --
Jesus Christ, Stanley, you can't go to the bathroom now.  You have exactly one minute before we're back on the air, this is NOT the time to go to the bathroom.
I have to go to the bathroom, Cynthia.
Just hold it, you'll be fine.
I don't know.
Can you hold it?
I should maybe go to the bathroom.
Not enough, what do you want?
How much time do we have?
What?
Cynthia?
C'mon guys, settle down --
Ok.
I can check on that for you, maybe we can take a tour --
I'm wondering about the weather department. I'm wonderin' wether or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical services or if they have in-house instruments?
Sure, why?
Have you ever been there?
It's upstairs.
Where's the news department at this studio?
They're here, they're fine. In the dressing room.  See you later --
Where's Richard and Julia?
Ready to go,go,go?
I'm fine. Yes. I'm fine.
If he hadn't pissed his pants, we woulda won.  We fucking had this game.
Richard, shut it and keep it down.
I don't know, Richard, they need to talk it over --
Did we win or lose, I mean --?
Let's go, c'mon, get up --
Bite it, Cynthia.  You could get free things from people that want you to endorse their products.
-- Richard.
What do you mean, "like what?" -- you could get endorsments and shit --
It's ok, boy.
I - just - thought - that - I - didn't want - I - didn't - I - didn't -
DAD.
I'm not mad, son, I will not be mad at you and it's ok and please put it down and I won't be mad and I won't --
DADDY, FUCK, DADDY, DON'T GET MAD AT ME. DON'T GET MAD AT ME --  JUST GIMME YOUR MONEY.
That idea is over now. We're not gonna do that now.
We gotta get his money so we can get outta here -- we gotta --
It's ok --
Please, boy, put it down and it's ok.
DAD --
Son, please, now....
GIVE US YOUR MONEY, KID.
Put the gun down, please, boy.
GIVE US YOUR MONEY.
-- no.
BULLSHIT, BULLSHIT DAD WE GOTTA GET HIS MONEY --
Son, don't --
GIVE US YOUR MONEY MAN.
BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT, DAD WE NEED TO GET HIS MONEY AND GO.
We're not gonna do that now.  We're not gonna do that now and that's over.
C'mon, Dad.  We gotta just GET HIS MONEY AND GO, LET'S GO. Let's get the money --
No, Son...be quiet...be quiet now...
LET'S GO, LET'S GO, LET'S GET HIS MONEY AND GO -- DID YOU GET HIS MONEY? DID YOU GET IT?  DID YOU GET HIS MONEY, DAD?
Stay quiet...stay quiet, son --
DADDY! DAD! DAD WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN' ON?
-- and I'm through playin' games.
-- I told you who did it and you're not listening to me.
I was listening --
Did you listen to me?
Whatever that meant, I'm sure it's real helpful Ice-T.
Now that shit will help you SOLVE the case.
Check that ego - come off it - I'm the profit - the proffesor Ima teach you 'bout The Worm, who eventually turned to catch wreck with the neck of a long time oppressor And he's runnin from the devil, but the debt is always gaining And if he's worth being hurt, he's worth bringin' pain in - When the sunshine don't work, the Good Lord bring the rain in.
Finish it up without the lip.
I'm almost done.
Alright, alright, cut it, coolio. That's enough with the mouth and the language.
-- livin' to get older with a chip on your shoulder 'cept you think you got a grip, cauze you hip gotta holster? Ain't no confessor, so busta, you best just Shut The fuck up, try to listen and learn --
-- watch the mouth, homeboy, I don't need to hear that word --
Presence - with a double ass meaning gifts I bestow, with my riff, and my flow but you don't hear me though think fast, catch me, yo cause I throw what I know with a Resonance - fo'yo'trouble-ass fiend in weenin yo-self off the back of the shelf Jackass crackas, bodystackas dicktootin niggas, masturbatin' yo trigga butcha y'all just fake-ass niggas --
Go. Hurry up. Let's go.
C'mon, man, just watch me, watch and listen --
Hey. Watch the mouth. Watch it.
I ain't fuckin with you --
Have you ever been to Juvenille Hall?
Not yet -- "give you the clue for the bust if you show me some trust --"
Oh, you're a rapper, huh?  You got a record contract?
I'm a rapper.
Are you a joker? huh? Tellin' jokes?
I can help you solve the case, I can tell you who did it.
You wanna disrespect an officer of the law?
No.
Ok. Listen. You: c'mere.
Leave this one to the detectives, they ain't gonna solve shit, I can help you, make you the man with a plan, give you the gift that I flow -- think fast -- you wanna know who killed that guy?
No Can Do.
Tell me what you know, I'll tell you what I know --
That's confidential information, little man.
Nope.  So what'd they find out in there?
They don't have substitute teachers where you go to school?
No school today.  My teacher got sick.
Why the hell aren't you in school?
You wanna take my statement, I'll perform for you, gotta get paid though, gotta get PAID.
Sorry, little man.
I'm trained, I'm ready to go, you wanna buy some candy to help underprivelaged youth in the --
You don't just sign up to be a police officer -- it's about three years of training -- ok?
Put me on the payroll, find out, find out wassup --
I think it's more complicated than that little man.
How much you pay me for my help?
Yeah, I'm here, I'm off the elevator, walking down the hall, now --
Phil, hang in just one more minute ok?  I'm gonna put you on hold -- Doc you still there?
I'm about to get off the elevator --
Doc, just - don't, how close are you?
What happend?
Fine.  Phil, you still there?
I'm walking towards the elevator's, Janet.
Doc, go get Frank and put him on the phone.
What happend?
I need you to interupt him, I need to get him on the phone with me right away --
He's doing the interview with the lady --
I have to talk to Frank, is he nearby?
What's up?
Doc it's Janet.
-- and you wanna know the common element for the entire group, like he asks...I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you, 'cause I had that question.  I had that same question....Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form.  "Well...all we were asking was the common element, Donnie...but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge...ahhh, Kids!  Full of useless thoughts, eh?"  Thank you. Thank you.  And the book says: "We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us."  And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT.
"It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels..."
Brad, I know you don't love me now --
Gently, son --
You mind your own bussines.
Brad, honey, you have a special secret crush over here I think, don't take him too lovely -- he might get hurt --
I love you.  I love you and I'm sick.  I'II talk to you....I'll talk to you tommorrow.  I'm getting corrective oral surgery tomorrow.  For my teeth.  For my teeth and for you....for you so we can speak. You have braces.  Me too.  Me too.  I'm getting braces, too.  For you.  For you, dear Brad. And I don't have any money.  And I don't have any money now but I'II get it...I will for you, Brad.  I love you, Brad.  Brad the Bartender.  You wanna love me back?  Love me back and I'll be good to you.  I'II be god damn good for you. And I won't be mad if you don't know who said what. I won't punish you if you get the answer wrong. I can teach and tell you: Samuel Johnson.
That's right.  That's the first time you're right.  I CONFUSE THE TWO AND I DON'T CARE.
You seem the sort of person who confuses the two.
I'm sick and I'm in love.
Stay that way.
I'm sick.
Why don't you run along now friend, your dessert is getting cold.
You see?
Mmm.Hmm.
I confuse melancholy and depression sometimes....
"Why don't you shut the fuck up," is me to you, Chapter Right Here, Verse Right Now.
"If a brick weighs one pound plus one half brick -- how much does the brick weigh?" "Well if subtracting the half of brick from the whole brick you got one half of brick, equals one pound so therefore the brick equals two pounds --" "A little more than kin and less than kind," is Hamlet to Claudius. "The sins of the father laid upon the children," is Merchant of Venice but borrowed from Exodus 20:5 and "win her with gifts if she respects not words," is Two Gentleman from Verona. Where? Who? How and Why, Kids?
Shall we drink to that?
I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid.
This sounds Sad as a Weeping Willow.
Yes they do, they do, but I'll make my dreams come true, you see?  I will.
Things go round 'n round, don't they?
-- and lemme tell you this: Samuel Johnson never had his life shit on and taken from him and his money stolen -- who took his life and his money?  His parents? His mommy and daddy?  Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and have you ever been hit by lighting? It hurts and it doesn't happen to everyone, it's an electrical charge that finds it's way across the universe and lands in your body and your head -- and as for "ruined but by himself," not if his parents take his friggin' life and his money and tell you to do this and do that and if you don't? well, what --
Picky, picky.
"The" cause of dullness in others --
It was the lovely Samuel Johnson who also spoke of a fella "Who was not only dull but a cause of dullness in others."
-- Samuel Johnson.
Who was it that said: "A man of genius has seldom been ruined but by himself."
Brad, dear?
I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid.
That's right.
What?
But you're alright now, so what's the what?
Might of been before my time.
You talk in rhymes and riddles and ra...rub-adub --- but that doesn't mean anything to me, see....see...see I used to be smart....I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the tv --
Nothing special, just a spoke in the wheel.
What?  What does that mean?
You're a friend of the family I presume?
....do you know who I am?
My name is Donnie Smith and I have lot's of love to give.
And I'm listening avidly, fellow.
No.  I mean, I'm telling you: I'm telling you that I have love.
A very chatty-kind, you do, indeed, it seems.
I have love.
Well you lost me with the last couple of cocktail words spoken, m'boy, but I believe it's that sort of love. Sounds nice to me.
-- the kind of love that makes you feel that intagible joy.  Pit of your stomach. Like a bucket of acid and nerves running around and making you hurt and happy and all over you're head over heels....?
Well --
Is it real love?
I have love all over.  I even have love for you, friend.
Do you have love in your heart?
This sounds threatening.
Just throw some money around. Money, money, money.
Maybe I'm just happy to see my friend, Brad there.
You look like you've got money in your pocket.
GIMME YOUR FUCKIN' KEYS.
PLEASE DON'T DO THIS!
Give me your keys, Don.
I've been a good worker, Solomon. A hard and loyal --
You were gonna ask me weren't you?
I don't know.
Don't do this, Don.
I've been a good worker --
It's...doesn't matter....
And how much is braces?
Your teeth are fine.
Yes I do.
You don't need braces.
Yes.
Braces?
Braces.
What is that?
Solomon, please.  Please.  I am so fucked here if you do this.  This is the worst timing. The worst timing I could ever imagine. I need to keep working.  I have so many debts, so many things, I have, I have, I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery coming --
Two years! Two years later and out of your paycheck, I never charge interest --
I paid you back.
FUCK YOU.  I pay you, I paid you. I give you a fucking chance and a chance and over and over, over you let me down.  I trust you with so much. The keys to my store, the codes to my locks, the life, the blood of my bussiness and return is smashing in seven-eleven, late, <u>always</u> late, loans -- I loaned you money for your kitchen that you never did --
I lent my name, my celebrity. Exactly --
-- I give you money, I give you a paycheck. Your sales suck, Don. I give, I give. When I find you, when I meet you, what? I put you on the billboard, I put you in the store, my salesman, my fucking representation of Solomon and Solomon Electronic, Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the game show --
I don't have any money, Solomon. If you fire me --
Solomon: I am in the middle of so much. So much in my life and this is -- If you do this, if you fire me: I Am Fucked. I can't really explain much, but please, please, I've worked here for four years, four years I've given you and I'm, I'm, I mean what?  I'm sorry I was late. I had a car accident.  I accidentaly drove into a seven-eleven. It was not my fault.
Don't get strong, Donnie. This is making sense, this making a lot of sense. You are not doing the job, the job I ask you to do, a job I give you. Over and over and over and I'm sorry. But I'm not gonna say I'm sorry that much more.
This is so fucked, Solomon. I don't deserve this.
Don't Donnie. Don't do it.
...please...
The job here is to make him as comfortable as possible -- right now -- our job is to just try and make it as painless as possible. Right?  You understand?
-- how the fuck can I say anything to that -- I don't know what to say to that --
This is the number for Hospice. Ok. Now. As far as the morphine pills go, there is something else to consider that can take the pain away that he is in, there is a very strong and very potent solution of liquid morphine....it's a little bottle, with an eye dropper and it's easy to get in his mouth and drop on his tounge and it will certainly diminish the pain that he is in but you have to realize that once you give it to him; there really is no coming back, I mean, it will certainly cure his pain, but he will float in and out of consciousness, even worse than he is now, Linda.  I mean, any sign of the recognizable Earl will pretty much go away --
Ok. Linda:  Earl is not gonna make it. He's dying. He is.  He is dying very, very rapidly --
I need to sit down.
Do you wanna sit down?
I'm listening.  I'm getting better.
We can fix that, because I can give you -- are you listening?
-- you don't understand: it's more pain than before and the fucking morphine pills aren't working, he's -- past two days it's like he can't really swallow them and I don't know if they're going down -- I can't see inside his mouth anymore -- I'm up all night staring at him and I don't think the pills are going down and he moans and he hurts --
If you're happy with Phil taking care of him and helping you, that's fine, but contact Hospice to arrange for the body --
Yeah.
Phil's one of the nurses from the service?
He has Phil right now.
Well that's what Hospice will take care of for you.  They will send a nurse, someone who can take care of all of that for you --
I just, I just -- I just -- I'm just in a fucking state, I know he's going and it's like I don't know how -- just tell me <u>practical</u> things -- What the fuck do I do with his body? What happens when he dies? That next moment: What? What do I do?  Then What?
I can help you through this the best I know how but there are certain things you are gonna have to be strong about and take care of, now we can go over them, but I need to know that you're listening to me, ok?
-- he's fucking dying, he's dying as we're sitting here and there isn't a fucking thing -- jesus, how can you tell me to calm down?
....getthat on the tv....there...
What?  Say it again...walking in the car?
She had cancer...from her...in her stomach and I didn't go anywhere with her...and I didn't do a god thing... for her and to help her....shit...this bitch...the beautiful, beautiful bitch with perfect skin and child bearing hips and so soft...her namewasLilysee?  He liked her though he did, his mom, Frank/Jack...he took care of her and she died. She didn't stick with him and he thinks and he hates me, ok...see...I'm...that's then what you get? ....are you still walkin' in that car...?
Yeah...So I go to her school for that for grade twelve...and we meet...she was fuckin...like a doll...porcelain doll...and the hips...child bearing hips...y'know that?  So beautiful. But I didn't have sex with anyone, you know?  I was not...I couldn't do anything...always scared, y'know... she was...she had some boyfriends...they liked her y'know...but I didn't like that. I couldn't get over that I wasn't a man, but she was a woman. Y'see?  Y'see I didn't make her feel ok about that....I would say, "How many men you been with?" She told me, I couldn't take it...take that I wasn't a man....because if I hadn't had sex with women...like as many women as she had men...then I was weak...a boy.... But I loved her...you understand? ....well, of course, I wanted to have sex with her...and I did and we were together....we met...age twelve, but then again...age seventeen...something, somethin... I didn't let her forget that I thought she was a bad...a slut.....a slut I would call her and hit her....I hit her for what she did...but we married...Lily and me and we married...but I cheated on her...over and over and over again...because I wanted to be a man and I couldn't let her be a woman...a smart, free person who was something...my mind then, so fuckin' stupid, so fuckin....jesus christ, what would I think...did I think....? ...for what I've done...She's my wife for thirty eight years...I went behind her... over and over...fucking asshole I am that I would go out and fuck and come home and get in her bed and say "I love you..."  This'z Jack's mother. His mother Lily...these two that I had and I lost .... and this is the regret that you make...the regret you make is the something that you take...blah...blah...blah... something, something.....  Gimme a cigarettee?
Twelve.
No, no, the grade...the grade that you're in?
Graduation?
She's my love...my life...love of it... In school when you're 12 years old. In school, in six grade....and I saw her and I didn't go to that school...but we met. And my friend knew her...I would say, "What's that girl?"  "How's that Lily?" "Oh, she's a bad girl...she sleeps with guys..."  My friend would say this....but then sometime...I went to another school, you see? But then...when high school at the end, what's that?  What is that?  When you get to the end?
No.
...Lily...?
No.
Do you know Lily?  Phil..do you know her?
that'snotmy name...find Lily, gimmme that, give it --
Frank Mackey.  That's your son?
...find him on the...Frank. His name's Frank Mackey --
It's ok.
This is so boring...so goddamn... and dying wish and all that, old man on a bed...fuck...wants one thing:
-- it's not him. it's not him. He's the fuckin' asshole...Phil..c'mere...
You wanna call him on the phone? We can call him, I can dial the phone if you can remember the number --
Is Jack your son?
Jack.
Who?
I wanna see this...where is he, do you know?
Who are you gonna call?
...gimme that fuckin' phone...
I'll get you another pain pill. Another morphine pill --
...I can't hold onto this anymore...
You got it.
Go fuck myself?
Do me a personal favor --
How come every word you say is either "cocksucker," or "shitballs," or "fuck?"
...cocksucker....
There's no asshole like you.
Other fuckin' assholes like me.
I've seen it before.
"yeah."  the fuck do you know?
Yeah.
Time lines, y'know?  I remember things but not so -- right there -- y'know?
-- memory?
....I dunn...o....maybe ten...five, fuck, fuck....that's another thing that goes --
When was the last time you talked to your son?
...ah...maybe...yeah...she's a good one...
She loves you.
She's a good girl.  She's a little nuts, but she's a good girl I think. She's a little daffy.
She went out.  She said she went out to run some errands.  She'll be back.
And do good things with her...share the thing...all that bullshit is true, y'know...find someone and hold on all that...Where's Linda?
I'm trying.
Get a girlfriend.
No.
I don't know...I mean, he's around, he's here, in town, y'know, but I don't know...he's a tough one...very.... Do you have a girlfriend, Phil?
Where is he?
...ah...
You do?
...no...no goddamn use.  I have a son, y'know?
Fuckin' bullshit is right, in'it?
Fuckin' bullshit is what this is.
How's today then?
Yep.
Alright.  Thank you.
Yeah.  You have the wrong number. There's no one named Frank here.
Is this 509-9027?
No.
I'm looking for Frank Mackey.
I think you have the wrong number.
Hi.  Is Frank there?
Hello?
-- fuck you.
You're hurting a lot of people, Frank --
You requested my time and I gave it you, you called me a liar and made accusations. And you say, "If I'd known I wouldn't have asked," then it's not an attack?  Well, I don't wanna be the sort of fella who doesn't keep his word.  I gave you my time, Bitch. So fuck you now.
So you sat it out, that's what you did?
Time's up.  Thank you for the interview.
I'm quietly judging you.
Yeah.
What am I doing?
C'mon, Frank.  What are you doing?
I talked to Miss Simms.  Miss Simms was your caretaker and neighbor after your mother died in 1980.
And that's what you've heard?
I was told that your mother died. That your mother died when you were young --
Go ahead and waste your time.
No, this is about getting something right and claryfying one of your answers to an earlier question --
An old stomping ground --is this the "attack" portion of the interview, I figured this was coming sooner or later -- Is "the girl" coming in for the kill?
She lived in Tarzana.
Mm. Hm.
She does.  From when you were a boy.
I know alotta women and I'm sure she remembers me.
Do you remember a Miss Simms?
I'm not sure I hear a question in there?
We talked earlier about your mother. And we talked about your father and his death. And I don't want to be challenging or defeatist here, but I have to ask and I would want to clarify something -- something that I understand --
This is how you wanna spend the time, then go, go, go -- you're gonna be surprised at what a waste it is -- "The most useless thing in the world is that which is behind me," Chapter Three --
It's not like I'm trying to attack you --
Not really.
It's all important --
-- there's a lot more important things I'd like to put myself <u>into</u> --
I'm saying, Frank, in trying to figure out who you are --
In aid of what?
Well, just trying to figure out who you are, and how you might have become --
Yes.
Are you asking me that?
-- and I try and teach the students to ask: What is it in aid of?
This isn't meant --
Thank you, Muffy.  Funny thing is: This is an important element of, "Seduce and Destory:" "Facing the past is an important way in not making progress," that's something I tell my men over and over --
I would just want to clear some things up:
So boring, so useless --
-- just to clarify --
Is that still lingering?
I'm confused about your past is the thing.
Muffy -- coffee?
-- let's talk more about your background --
I warned you -- I get on a roll...
It's fine.  I can bleep it out.
I just realized this is for television, isn't it?  I can't swear up and down like I just did.
Let's talk about --
-- that's right, that's right, and what I'M saying, that none of my competitors can say is this:  That there is no need for insight or understanding.  Things of the past! Gone, Over, Done. Do you realize how fucking miraculous this is? How fucking razor sharp and cutting edge and ahead of it's time this concept is?  I'm talking about eliminating <u>insight</u> and <u>understanding</u> as human values.  GOD DAMN I'M GOOD.  There is no need for INSIGHT.  There is no need for UNDERSTANDING.  I have found a way to take <u>any</u> subjective human experience -- in other words -- all the terrible shit or all the great shit that you've had happen to you in your life -- and quickly and easily transform it in the unconscious mind through the subtle and cunning use of language.  The "listener-patient"  settles into a very light, very delicate, conversationally induced state: NOT A TRANCE, mind you, but a STATE. A state that is brand new.  The System's state. What did I do?  I REALIZED that concept and put it into practical "get my dick hard and fuck it" use. I'm gonna build a state for the seducer and the seducee to live, vote, breath, pay takes and party 'till dawn.  I'm gonna teach methods of language that will help anyone get a piece of ass, tit and tail --
Like I said, yeah --
-- see, I thought you grew up here in the valley --
Ok.  So, lemme just ask you a couple questions to start --
-- go, go, go.  I'm givin' pearls here. And I'II tell you samethin' else: I'm not succeding in the bush because I'm Frank TJ Mackey.  If anything, there are women out there that want to <u>destroy</u> me -- it makes it twice as hard for me, I run into some little muffin, knows who I am, knows my schemes and plans -- shit, she's gonna wanna fuck around, prove to her friends, say, "Yaddda-yadda-yadda, I saw that guy, he wasn't anything, didn't get me."  So me? I'm runnin' on full throttle the whole fuckin' time.  Dodging bullets left and right from terrorist blonde beauties. But I'II tell you this: The battle of the bush is being fought and won by Team Mackey.  Can I have a cigarette?
I'm gonna start rolling --
Just one look, one hesitation, one subtle gesture for me to know -- And Bing-Bam-Boom I'm away on a tangent -- I get so fuckin' amped at these seminars and lemme tell you why: Because I Am What I Believe. I am what I teach, I do as I say, I live by these rules as religiously as I preach them: And you wanna know what? I'm gettin' pussy left, right, up, down, center and sideways.
All it takes is one second?
You got us a room so quick?
If you're up to it, I've got us set up in a suite upstairs --
Are we gonna tape some stuff now?
That's fine.  It's nice to meet you.
Well I guess the question is this: Do you remember Miss Simms?
Are you asking me a question?
I wouldn't want that to be misunderstood: My enrollment was totally unoffical because I was, sadly, unable to afford tuition up there.  But there were three wonderful men who were kind enough to let me sit in on their classes, and they're names are: Macready, Horn and Langtree among others. I was completely independent financially, and like I said: One Sad Sack A Shit. So what we're looking at here is a true rags to riches story and I think that's what most people respond to in "Seduce," And At The End Of The Day? Hey -- it may not even be about picking up chicks and sticking your cock in it -- it's about finding What You Can Be In This World.  Defining It.  Controling It and saying: I will take what is mine.  You just happen to get a blow job out of it, then hey-what-the-fuck- why-not?  he.he.he.
Kind of.
no, no, no.  Certainly not.  I wasn't officialy enrolled, that's right. Was that unclear?
They wouldn't?
Oh, yeah.  No, no, no.  They wouldn't --
Ok.  That's why.  I had trouble locating your school records at Berkely and UCLA. Your name change -- they had no official enrollment --
"Frank" was my mother's father.
And "Frank?"
My mother's name, actually. Good question.  You've done you're research.
It's not your given name, right?
What name?  My name?
Where does that name come from?
I don't how much I went -- but I was enrolled.  I was such a loser back then. I was -- misguided, pathetic -- I was very fat. Not even close to what I am today. Not the Frank TJ Mackey you're eager to talk to because I was swimming in what <u>was</u> as opposed to I <u>wanted</u>.
And you went to Van Nuys High, right?
In five years?
...this close...
Do you have your masters?
Right.
Psychology major?
From '84 to '89.
And you ended up at UC Berkely --
Not a problem.
I wouldn'tve asked --
people die.
I'm sorry.
He passed away.
And your father?
"Go Get 'Em, Honey."
What does she say about, "Seduce and Destroy."
She's my mother.
Are you close?
She's retired.
Does you mother still work?
Well I guess it doesn't.
Why does that sound silly?
My father worked in televison. My mother -- this is gonna sound silly to you -- she was a librarian.
And what did your parents do?
Hollywood, mainly.
the valley?
Around here.
Where are you from originally?
...just wait...Dad...you want something...can you say...
I don't think, he can't...
I'm here.  I'm here now.  What do you want? Do you want anything?
yeah.
Can you stand...back...maybe, I mean... just a little bit...in the room is ok, but back from us a little...
...ok...
So....Phil....um...I think I'm gonna step in and try and see him and say something if he can...talk...I mean:
Mmm.
It's interesting.
Uh. huh.
When they put me on hold, to talk to you...they play the tapes. I mean: I'd seen the commercials and heard about you, but I'd never heard the tapes ....
Oh yeah.
I've heard your tapes on the phone.
Yeah.
He's in here --?
I'm really sorry.
Uh. huh.
I work as a nurse, for a proffesion --
.....have you ever seen this..I mean, never mind, you said --
About three weeks ago.
When did he go off chemo?
Um...soon tonight...I think, yes? Tommorrow...I mean...very soon...very...
How long...you think?
...uh-huh...
I just...he was...but I gave him, I just had to give him a small dose of liquid morphine.  He hasn't been able to swallow the morphine pills so we now, I just had to go to the liquid morphine... For the pain, you understand?
Is he in pain?
He's...I'm sorry...so sorry...I've seen this before, you know and you don't.... He's going very fast....Frank...um....
Uh-huh.  What's going on?
For six months.  I'm the day nurse...
How long have you taken care of him?
Ok.
Let's just wait one minute and stay here, okay?
He's in here.
These Dogs'll calm down -- you just have to come in --
Yeah let's...maybe just stand.
She's not here, she went out. I'm sorry.  This is all just so, I don't know what, what to do -- your Dad asked me to try and track you down. To get you and I did, I called the number -- Do you wanna come in?
Is Linda here?
Yes.  I didn't know how to find you. Earl asked me, so I looked through the adress books and there was no number, nothing --
I got your message.  That you were trying to get me -- right?
Yeah. I was trying to get in touch with you.  We got dissconnected.
...are you Phil...?
Hello.  Frank.  Frank TJ Mackey.
THAT'S NOT MINE.
What the hell is this Marcie?
-- do not do this -- my gun is drawn and If I Have To Open That Closet you will get shot -- Step Out Now.
THERE'S NO ONE IN MY MOTHERFUCKIN CLOSET AND STAY OUT OF MY BEDROOM, STAY OUT OF MY GOD DAMN BEDROOM.
Marcie - quiet down! Now if anyone is in the closet, come out now --
THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE!
This is the LAPD, if anyone is in the closet I want you to come out and show yourself to me, slowly and with your hands up --
THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE. STAY OUT OF MY MOTHERFUCKIN BEDROOM.
This is the LAPD. If anyone is back here I want you to come out and I want you to show yourself to me with your hands in the air --
Marcie - CALM DOWN. CALM DOWN and don't do this. I want you to stay --
WHAT'S THIS? WHAT'S THIS? GOD DAMN BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT. DON'T PUT THOSE --
I don't have to do a god damn thing.
No. No. Stay down, Marcie, sit back down on that couch --
I didn't hear anything.
--- What was that?
It's ten o'clock in the morning --
Been drinkin' today?
No.
You on any medication?
No.
Bad and illegal behavior. That's what I mean. Ok?  Mischief.  Now have you been doin' some drugs today?
Mischief?  What the fuck you talkin' about, mischief?
Yes I can, Marcie.  And until you start givin' me some straight answers: I'm gonna assume that some mischief has been goin' on here.
It's a free country, you can think anything you want.
Ok. Marcie. Starting now I want you to have a new attitude with me.  The more you play games, the more suspicious I'm gonna become that you've been up to something.
I went out last night.
You just woke up.  And what'd you have a party last night, the way this place looks?
What's this, how did this happen?
I said: I DON'T KNOW.  You can't just come in here and start pokin' around --
And what about screaming?
I don't know a loud crash.
Maybe you didn't, but I'm here to find out about a disturbance. Some neighbors called said they heard screaming and a loud crash.
I didn't do anything.
I'm not askin', Marcie.
I preffer to stand.
Ok. Marice why don't you take a seat for me?
Marcie.
Ok. What's your name?
No I Said.
Maybe so, but I'm gonna ask you one more time: Is Anyone Else In This House Right Now?
I live alone.
Are you lyin' to me?
No.  I said that.
OK.  That's true.  Is anyone else, besides me and besides you in this house?
You're here.
No one else in here?
What does it look like?
No you don't: But I'm gonna ask you one more time: Are you alone in here?
I don't have to answer your questions.
You're not calm.  You're screamin' and yellin' and I'm here to check on a disturbance that was reported and that's what I'm gonna do - now are you alone in here?
I AM CALM.
Don't test me, you wanna talk about what the law book says, we can do that, push me far enough and I'll take you to jail -- now calm down.
You don't tell me, I know my rights, just come right in, you can't --
Then you've got nothin' to worry about.
There's no disturbance.
I got a call of a disturbance, you're door was open, I just wanna see what's goin' on --
There's no disturbance.
I got a call to this apartment, report of a disturbance --
I am calm.
Calm down.
You're just come in --
The door was open, I got a call --
You can't just come in here.
Quietly, slow down, whoa --
What? What? What now?
Fuck no.
Are you ok?
I got in trouble at school.
What happend to you?
I won't.
Come and tell me it's over and I'll walk away, Jimmy.  I've fucked you behind your wife's back for three years, and you've fucked teenage girls behind mine for the same amount of time -- I'll walk away, you need something for your life, for your conscience, but don't put me in the middle --
Well can you do me one favor and don't do that.
If she asks me any question I want to tell her.  I want to tell her everything I've done.
Will you say my name?
Yes.
Are you gonna tell her what you've done?
You're making me feel so dirty and shitty. I feel like a big piece of shit right now.
Yeah. Yes.
All your other fluzzies?
Thirty fuckin' years I've been with Rose, don't -- y'know -- with this, and I know what you think --
I don't wanna have to lie to anyone. I don't want to hurt anyone else, anymore.
-- that you shouldn't have done? That you regret, what? This? What's this? Fuck, man, c'mon.  Treat me like an asshole, but treat me like an <u>asshole</u>.
It's just...too late for me to be fuckin' around.  I gotta stop. I gotta clean my brain of all the shit I've done that I shouldn't have done --
Then what?
No.
Did your wife find out?
...you know...
What the fuck is this, Jimmy?
You look great.
Fuck.  I think I'm gonna throw up, I think.  I haven't thrown up since I was twenty years old.
Are you alright?
I can't fuckin' do this.
Find her, get her and tell her I want to talk to her, Mary.  Fucking hell.
We're on the air in twenty minutes, Jimmy.
Yes. Now. Find her. She's somewhere in the building --
You want her right now?
I need you to get me Paula --
I'm sorry.
Fifteen minutes ago, where were those cards?
Rose is on the phone and here's the cards for today --
It's okay, Stanley. It's alright.
I don't mean to cry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Stanley.
We are not on display.  I am not a doll. I AM NOT A DOLL...I' M NOT SILLY AND CUTE. I'M SMART SO THAT SHOULDN'T MAKE ME SOMETHING, SOMETHING SO PEOPLE CAN WATCH HOW SILLY IT IS THAT HE'S SMART?  I KNOW.  I KNOW THINGS. I KNOW. I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM AND I HAVE TO GO.
I was saying...thinking maybe I'd get my own quiz show someday, Jimmy. Just like you!
What were you saying, Stanley?
Jean Baptiste Poquelin Moliere.
I'm gonna need a full name, Stanley.
For 25.  Best known for the "tragedy and blood" genre, this author-playwright --
Willa Cather.
You should know better.
I don't know what I've done.
No.
Stay here, please don't leave me, please, please, if I said I knew would you stay?
Yes you do.
I don't know what I've done.
You deserve to die alone for what you've done.
...I don't know...
Yes you do....you do and you won't say.
<u>I don't know what I've done</u>.
But you can't say....
I really don't know.
...Jimmy...
I don't know.
Jimmy, did you touch her?
...No....
Did you ever touch her?
She thinks terrible things that somehow got in her head...that I might have done something.  She said that to me last time...when it was...ten years ago she walked out the door, "You touched me wrong..." "I know that." Some crazy thought in her, in her head...
I think that she thinks I may have molested her.
I'm asking you.  I'm asking you if you know why Clauida will not speak to you....please, Jimmy....tell me.
Do you know the answer to this?
...say it, Jimmy...
Maybe...I don't...
I think that you know.
Why, well I think we've, we both don't know...what do you mean?
Why doesn't Claudia talk to you, Jimmy?
I'm not through asking my questions.
I love you so much.
I'm not mad.  I am, but I'm not.  Y'know?
I don't know....
Do you feel better now that you've said this?
I don't.
Well maybe.
What? No, Rose, jesus, no --
Do you have any children with anyone?
It's over becuase...for all the the right reasons I hope, what I said.
Is it over 'cause you're sick?
It's over.  I talked to her this morning.
What about now?
Two years...three years...
How long with Paula?
Just once.
How long with Ellen?
No.
No one else that I know?
That's it.
Paula.  Ellen.
hey.
Rose, I don't --
Who?
Yes.
Was there anyone that I know?
I'll answer anything.
I don't hate you, Jimmy.  But I have a couple questions that I wanna ask....
I don't even remember...many...twenty... maybe more...not much more...twenty times.
How many times....it's ok...just say... Just say...
Yeah.
Will that help?
The question isn't wether or not you cheated on me, the question is how many times have you cheated on me?
Yeah.
...No...I don't hate you.  Do you want talk...do you really want to talk to me and say things and get things figured out, Jimmy?
--- don't.  don't.  Please.  Just... listen to me...honey....  ...I've done...I've cheated on you.
You feel like you want to be forgiven for your sins?  Honey, you're not on your death bed, yet....this kinda talk's gonna get you in trouble --
No, I mean:  I'm telling you this, now. You see?  You see I want to make everything clear and clean...and apologize for me....for all the stupid things I've done....that will eat me up....
No.  No.
I'm a bad person.
You're my handsome man.
Do you love me, Rose?
We just do it...we do it and we figure it out and we do as we do, I guess...
How do we do this, then?
It's not really pain.
It'll take the pain away.
I don't think I want that.
Bye.
Love you too..
I love you.
I don't know.  I have to go, I don't have time and I have more drinking to do before I go march --
Did you tell her?
She went crazy.  She went crazy, Rose.
-- did she talk to you?
I went to see her -- some fuckin' asshole answers the door in his underwear, he's fifty years old, there's coke and shit laid out on the table --
Come home soon after the show.
As fast as I can.
Slowly or quickly?
I'm drinking.
How you doing?
It's alright.
I'm sorry.
I'II go....is it...back here?
Want me to wake her up?
Yeah.  She's sleeping now, I mean --
Can I come in?
I'm her father.
No, I'm just a friend.  What are you doing here, I mean...you know Claudia?
You're her boyfriend?
I'm Bob.
Yes.  What's your name?
You're Jimmy Gator, right?
Are you her boyfriend?
She's asleep.
Hello.  Is Claudia here?
Hello?
When they want us done, they'll call in the Harvard S.W.A.T team or some shit.
We're not going out two days before we set the record, it's not gonna happen.
Saucy-saucy.
I'll get it because I'm a good actress, Richard.
If we beat the record, you might get a call back --
No.  But I probably will get a call back.
Was it a call back?
Not as much as I used to.  Ever since we started, I haven't really gone in to school that much because I've been getting more and more auditions --
Do you still have to do homework?
I don't wanna do it.  Why can't one of you do it --
You have to go, Stanley.  You're the smartest.
No they don't --
They look pretty smart, I think.
Movie Of The Week.  I went up for one this morning with Alan Thicke and Corey Haim --
What's MOW?
Commercials, a sitcom, an MOW or something.
Like what?
You should get one, I'm serious, you could get a lot of stuff out of this --
No.
Do you have an agent, Stanley?
Shut the fuck up.
Let me call you a car, Linda.
I have to go.
Linda --
Now you must really shut the fuck up, please. Shut The Fuck Up.
You need to sober up.
Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up.
I'm trying to help, Linda --
Shut the fuck up.
Linda, you just have to take a moment and breath and one thing at a time --
This is so over-the-top and fucked-up I can hardly stand it.
-- unless Frank is specifically ommitted as a beneficiary that's what will happen.
-- that can't happen.  Earl doesn't want him to have the money, the things.
The money would go to Frank.  The court would put the money in the hands of a relative --
What does that mean?
Well.  Considering that there's no one else mentioned in the will...we'd have to go to the laws of intestacy, which is -- as if someone died without a will --
Where will the money go?
You don't have to change the will, if what you want to do is get nothing you can renounce the will when it's time.
I can't.
Adultery isn't illegal -- it's not something that can be used in a court to discredit the will or -- Linda. Linda. Calm down.
This is not any fucking medication talking, this isn't -- I don't know. I don't know -- Can you give me nothing? You have power of attorney, can you see him, can you, in this final fucking moment, go see him and make sure --- change the fucking will -- I don't want any money, I couldn't live with myself, this thing I've done -- I've fucking done so many bad things -- I fucked around.  I fucked around on him, I fucking cheated on him, Alan. You're his lawyer, our laywer, THERE, I'm his wife, we are married. I broke the conract of marriage, I fucking cheated on him, many times over, I sucked other men's cocks and fuck - fuck - fuck - ....fuck.... Other Things I've Done..
What kind of medication are you on right now, Linda that's --
I don't want him to die, I didn't love him when we met, and I've done so many bad things to him that he doesn't know, things I want to confess to him, but now I do: I love him. I love him so much and I can't stand -- he's going.
No, no....no, you see...I never loved him. I never loved him, Earl.  When I started, when I met him, I met him and I fucked him and I married him because I wanted his money, do you understand?  I'm telling you this now...this I've never told anyone...I didn't love him. And now....I know I'm in that will, I know, I was there with him, we were all there together when we made that fucking thing and all the money I'II get -- I don't want it -- Because I love him so much now...I've fallen in love with him now, for real, as he's dying, and I look at him and he's about to go, Alan, he's dead...he's moments...  I took care of him through this, Alan. And What Now Then?
You can't change his will.  Only Earl can change his will.
-- I have something to tell you. I have to tell you something. I want to change his will, can I change his will?...I need to ---
Linda, you're safe.  Ok. It's alright. You're my friend.  You and Earl are my clients and what you need to talk about won't leave this room, you have something you have to say --
Like a shrink, like if I go to see a shrink, I'm protected, I can say things -- fuck -- I don't know what I'm doing --
Not exactly, Linda. I'm not sure where you're going with this --
If I talk to you...y'know...if I tell you things...then you're a lawyer, right? You can't say things, you can't tell anyone, it's like the privelage, right? Attornery-client, you understand?
Are you on drugs right now?
No...I just... I'm so fucked up here Alan, I don't know...there's so much...so many things --
You don't want any water?
Tell him I'm sorry, ok, yes, you do that, now, I'm sorry, tell him, for all the things I've done...I fucked up and I'm sorry.... And I'm Gonna Turn Away And Walk Now And Not Look At Him Not See My Man, My Earl, I'll leave now...and tell him it's ok and I'm ok. The whole thing was ok with me -- and I know.
....it's alright....
listen...listen to me now, Phil: I'm sorry, sorry I slapped your face. ...because I don't know what I'm doing... ...I don't know how to do this, y'know? You understand?  y'know?  I...I'm...I do things and I fuck up and I fucked up....forgive me, ok? Can you just...
BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT HE DIDN'T ASK YOU, HE DOESN'T WANT HIM, HE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK TO HIM, SO FUCK YOU THAT HE ASKED THAT. THERE IS NO ONE BUT ME AND HIM.
Earl asked me, Linda, please, Linda, I'm sorry -- Earl asked me --
You don't do that, you don't call him, you don't know to get involved in the bussiness of his, of his of <u>my</u> family. this is the <u>family</u>, <u>me</u> and <u>him</u> do you understand?  You understand? NO ONE ELSE. THERE IS NO ONE ELSE.  That man, his son does not exist.  HE IS DEAD.  HE IS DEAD and WHO TOLD YOU TO DO THAT?
PUT THE FUCKIN' PHONE DOWN, HANG IT UP.
No, Linda, you don't understan --
Hang up the phone.
I've got Frank...Frank Earl's son. He's...he asked me to get him and I did --
What are you doing?
Linda --
I COME IN HERE - YOU DON'T KNOW, YOU DON'T KNOW WHO THE FUCK I AM OR WHAT MY LIFE IS AND YOU HAVE THE FUCKING BALLS, THE <u>INDECENCY</u> TO ASK ME A QUESTION ABOUT MY LIFE --
-- what-what-what, ma'am -- I --
You motherfucker...you motherfucker.... YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE, WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU? WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
...I don't....
You been on Prozac long?  Dexadrine?
Must have alot goin' on for all that stuff you got back there, eh?  You could have quite a party all that stuff....
mmmhmm.
Cats and Dogs out there, huh?
Hi.
Hello.
Thank you.
Total is $15.29.  Thirty minutes or less.
Yes. What? Yes.
Do you still want the peanut butter, bread and cigarettes ?
That's it.
yeah, I said.  Is that it?
Do you have that?
yeah.
Ok. One of those.  And...um...Barely Legal?
Yeah.
Ok. One of those. Do you have Ram Rod? The magazine, Ram Rod?
Yeah.
And um....do you have Swank magazine?
Ok.
Um, no, y'know what? Forget the water, just give me a loaf of bread...white bread.
Bottled Water?
Water.
mmm.hmm.
Cigarettes. Camel Lights.
Mmm.Hmmm.
I'd like to get an order of...um...peanut butter.
What would you like?
Yeah.
Partridge?
818-753-0088.
Phone number.
Hi. I'd like to get an order for delivery.
Pink Dot.
I'm sick of being the one, the one who always has to do everything, I don't want to be the one always --
Stanley if you don't fuckin' stand up and go over there I'm gonna beat your ass --
-- the fuck are you talking about?
I don't wanna go, I can't do it this time.
Shut up -- shut up --
Did you piss your fuckin' pants, Stanley?
I gotta go to the bathroom.
The fuck is wrong with you?
Maybe.
What are they gonna do -- beat us?
That's pretty cool.
They just let me have my own study-time, my own reading time in the library.
What do you do?
I don't have regular classes anymore.
Go to bed.
I think that you have to be nicer to me.
Go to bed.
You have to be nicer to me, Dad.
hang in there, ok. I love you.
Alright.
You're two fuckin' days from the record, get through this and I'II do anything for you, you just gotta get through this --
Yes.
Are we gonna keep going with this game?
Why did you do this?
I'm fine. I'm fine, I just wanna keep playing --
...oh Jesus, what the fuck...?
I said I'm fine.
Stand up.
I didn't I'm fine, I'm fine.
I don't know.
Bullshit.  Bullshit. You know the answer to every goddamn question and I knew the answer to those questions and I'm not half as smart as you are so What Happened?
I didn't know the answer --
Why didn't you answer those questions?
I'm fine. nothing.
What's the problem, what's the problem here?
See you.
Go to it, handsome.
Sure.
You ready to keep winning?
-- I didn't see you from the window.
You coulda been in front --
You're late, not me.
C'mon, man.
Love you too.
I got an audition, I won't make it here 'till two, c'mon, I'll see you later. Love you.
Should be one-thirty.
Be ready at two --
I can't carry all of them. I need them. I need my books. I need them to go to school.
Why the hell do you need all four bags of books to go to school each day?
I need this one.
Cmon,cmon,cmon, that one to?
-- talk in the car, talk in the car, moves your ass, c'mon --
We need more dog food --
Let's go,let's go, let's go, you shoulda done that ten minutes ago --
What the fuck is goin' on, WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?
This happens....this is something that happens.
....what the fuck, what the fuck....
It's raining frogs from the sky.
...fuck you mean, it's raining frogs?
It's frogs.  It's raining frogs.
What is that?
I can take you to get money.  I don't need it...I don't <u>need</u> it -- listen to me: I can let you have money so your father won't hit you ever again -- you'll have the money because I don't need it.
No.  No.  I have to do this on my own.
I have money to give you.
...what...?
I have money.
I'm sorry to put all this on you, Stanley --
I hate it.
It's not right.
Cause he hates me....he hates me so much.
....Why does he do it...?
You know what it's like to come home scared, scared that maybe if you don't have the money you're supposed to go out each day and get that you're gonna get beaten....by a belt...he hits me with a belt, Stanley....  I'm supposed to sell those candy bars, and if I don't, I come home without the money....
Yes.
....you have it...easy....you know? You have a father who loves you, huh?
It's ok.
..sorry...
Hi.
Hi.
It's ok.
..sorry...
Hi.
Hi.
Anne... The night we had together... I always wanted more.  But that one, it was enough.  Enough to make me love you forever.  I want you to remember that... and go on.  As strong as you are now.  No matter what happens.
I couldn't tell you.  You had enough to carry.
There were two.  Not one.  But two.
We have much to discuss.  Tomorrow.
I have never seen a sight more beautiful than you, tonight.
D'Artagnan.
My Queen...
Then we will both die traitors, d'Artagnan.
Anne...!  I know... I know that to love you is treason against France. But not to love you... is treason against my heart.
Nothing... Nothing.
I can't bear to see you cry.  What is wrong?
If I don't kiss you, I die anyway.
M'lady... if anyone sees, it is death...
No, stay back!  Stay back!
What -- ?
M'lady...?
Oh God I -- Forgive me...
That is good.
No, M'lady.
And you were not hurt?
God smiled upon us.
I understand you saved my son's life today.
M'lady...?
Wear it until you love it.  And die in it!!
No, Louis!  No!
D'Artagnan, you will hunt down Aramis, Porthos and Athos, and bring me their heads, or I will have yours.  And as for you, Phillippe... Back to the prison you shall go, and into the mask you hate.
He is nothing now.
He is your brother!
What had you to do with this, Mother?
My guards are useless!  Take her from me!
Louis, please -- !
Yes.  Dead.  Two nights ago.  The night of my dream.
It -- it doesn't matter, Mother!  He is dead now!  Dead!
You have prayed too much.  Your mind is weak.
Because I have dreamed of him.  Not as the baby they took away, but as a man.
Why would you ask now?  You never asked before!
He was my blood -- and I demand to know what happened to him.
I am King, Mother!  And I do not wish to discuss this with you.
First they told me he had died at birth.  Then your father admitted he was alive, but well cared for, in secret.  But the message that told of his death said he had been a prisoner.
He is dead!  By God's choice!  There is nothing to discuss.
I wish to discuss your brother.
What is it, mother?
We haven't visited in three years. And we should have privacy.
I am preparing for a ball!
May I speak with you?  Alone?
Mother -- ?
Shut up, knave!
D'Artagnan, arrest them all!
Phillippe?!  Why do you call me --
Don't look so shocked, Phillippe. Come, you're going back to prison.
Wh-- Wha--
You bring me the heart of the Jesuit General, and you will have a palace of your own.
I grow closer to my target, your Majesty.
How goes that favor I asked of you?
Your Majesty...
Once a Musketeer, always a Musketeer, eh?
If I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel.  I will kill both him and the man who told me.
Perhaps you can find out who this secret leader of the Jesuits is. You are now a priest, but you were once a Musketeer, serving the throne of France, a throne ordained of God. Can you accept this mission, and keep it private?
How can I serve you in this?
I have demanded it -- and common priests present themselves!  Can you imagine the arrogance?  Common Jesuit priests try to act as my equals, and they refuse to reveal the names of anyone else in their order!  No one can keep secrets like the Jesuits can, and the identity of their leader is the darkest secret they hold.  Even the Pope himself does not know who leads the Jesuit Order in France!  He suspects the Governor General of Jesuits, whoever he is, is angling to become Pope himself.
Well... perhaps you should speak with them, your Majesty.
Next week.  This is a mere garden party -- and I wish to join it, so I will be brief.  I am experiencing resistance from the Jesuits.
Your birthday celebration, your Majesty?
To the Bastille.  And death.
Then to the Bastille.
Perhaps he serves a different king.
So what has changed?
Perhaps.  But of d'Artagnan I am certain.  What he did tonight was what he told us all along he would do -- be faithful to his King.
You're a fool!
He seeks redemption.
We can't... stay here.  That traitor d'Artagnan... knows about this place.
Bloody hell...
Hold your goblet with two fingers.
Remember, Phillippe... nobility is born in the heart.
It presses us but it is good for us too!  Louis' whims make him more vulnerable.  We are less ready, but so are his guards!
But --
Louis is planning a visit to the Vatican, then who knows where after that.  If we miss him now we may not get another chance.
Aramis, this will never --
You said you'd do anything, Athos, anything to replace this King.  So do it.
But --
I offer you the perfect revolution. A revolution without bloodshed, without any loss of life, even without treason, for he too is the son of the King.
What you're asking is impossible!
He can learn to be Phillippe in time.  But first he must learn to be Louis, and for that he has two more days.
But Aramis -- !  Phillippe can learn in time, but --
Paris.  There is still much to do. We'll be back soon.  Be ready.
Where are you going?!
All I noticed was that Phillippe feels even more like an animal.
The mask is terrifying... especially when unexpected.  Do you notice?
Poor Phillippe!
But -- but --
Come now, Athos, if Porthos is determined to end his life, then he will certainly manage to find the opportunity.
We must stop him!
He's threatened to do it, it's been building up in him for months.
Hang himself?!
About to hang himself, I should think.
But -- what is he doing?
Now.  You were saying?
Going into the barn naked -- or so it appears.
But -- what is Porthos doing?
Go on.
Don't play God with me, Aramis I --
You grow fond of him.  That's good.
Phillippe -- he's very bright, he's perceptive, but he is in such turmoil --
The King is having a ball, a masquerade ball.  It is the perfect opportunity and perhaps our only one.  At any time Phillippe could be discovered, and what then?  Remember France.  Remember the poor. Remember Raoul.  More wine!!  Where are those serving girls...?
Three days??!!
Three days.
In a year, maybe two, I could teach him enough to --
You can do it.
You must reconsider this plan. Phillippe is like a child, he --
More wine!!
Resting, he's had a long day. Aramis --
How is he?
Yes, and he has a choice!
It is not just our lives you risk with this conceit of yours!  It is Phillippe's as well!
Do you think I have not considered that?  I have a plan -- and you may rest assured that it is brilliant!
And people close to him, who --
Those can be adopted --
Physical resemblance is but one small thing!  Louis has an arrogance, a manner --
I have it all worked out.
Switch?!  That is your plan?  It is ludicrous!
There is that, of course -- but mainly it is because I am so much smarter than everyone else.
Then you are a fool -- a fool who has never lost a son.  What gives you the right to judge me, to play God with the lives of others?  Is it because you are so much holier than everyone else?!
Those are the words of a broken spirit.  My spirit is whole.  I have trusted d'Artagnan with my deepest secrets, and I will never believe he is my enemy.
He who is not with us is against us.
You are bitter, Athos.  You are torn by grief, not only for Raoul, but for d'Artagnan, whom you love, and now treat as an enemy.
You are not my priest, Aramis!  You would not be, even if I had one.
You seek facts, when it would be better to seek truth.
Tonight!  Right now!  We steal a man from a royal prison, we hide in a country chateau among an assortment of saints and sluts such as only you could provide, and still you wish to tell me nothing?!
Tomorrow.
Who is he, Aramis?
His plight is obvious, isn't it?
Excellent, Athos.  You have a keen sense of this man.
Prison was horrible but it was his home.  He's been torn from it by strangers.  He's frightened, exhausted -- and the mask is familiar.  Let him rest in it tonight, and remove it tomorrow.
I see that is a body!  But where did you get it?
A body.
What is that?
Come, we have a boat waiting.
The Prison of Belle Sur.
Soon enough.  Here we are.
Porthos sleeps, and you plot.  Don't you think it's time you told me what it is you are plotting?
Making the key to the throne.
What are they doing?
I am with you!
It can.  I know the way.
Replace the king.
What do you propose to do?
Well here is the problem at hand: the King has ordered me to discover the identity of the Governor General of Jesuits, and kill him.  As our English rivals have left the Catholic Church, Louis has struck on a plan to dominate the whole of Europe by uniting Church and State and making himself head of both.  He has already picked the Pope.  Only the Jesuits, who put God above throne or papacy, stand in his way.
And some problems cannot be settled without one.
I trained those men myself.  They will stand and fight.  But if we are to die, let it be this way.
D'Artagnan... Those are young Musketeers down there.  They have been weaned on our legends.  They revere us -- it is an advantage. Why don't we charge them?
That doesn't matter now.
They will know you helped us, if we go this way.
Once you are through, don't stop until you reach the river.
Phillippe, get into the boat.  Into the boat!  Now!
Everyone back.
Pull them back!
You can't do it.
Pull them back, d'Artagnan.
I know.  God go with you.
I cannot betray Louis.  I will defend him with my life.
The secret I carry I cannot share. Not even with God.
I have heard many confessions, d'Artagnan.  But even if I were not a priest, I could tell your heart has a secret weight, and it is hurting you to carry it alone.
You -- You cannot ask me to betray my king!  I have sworn to him!
I will need you all.  All for one. One for all.
No!  Stop --
We have grown wiser with age.  Now we know that some problems cannot be settled with a sword.
Look at us.  We are old men now.  But once we were young.  And when we saw injustice, we fought it.
Still you serve him loyally -- though people hurl rotten eggs at his royal emblem.
Aramis -- the King wishes to see you.
A simple theological discussion.
He is right, d'Artagnan.
D'Artagnan.  Perhaps you should accept his offer, for we are dead anyway.
Bread and wine... in that cupboard.
Can we eat... before we go?  This excitement's given me an appetite.
We will make our own luck tonight... if Phillippe holds up.
D'Artagnan watches everything.  We have to be lucky.
The Queen Mother.  Anne.
Who?
But what if something extraordinary happened?  Something so unusual that all the attention went to someone else?  Someone whose confirmation of Phillippe the King would never be questioned.
Then let him kill me, if all my faith is wrong.
He's going to kill you, Aramis.
Did she have tits like that?
So was Mary Magdalene, and our Lord loved her.
Aramis... These are... these are whores!
Come on...
Let's see you rob somebody with your pistol there!
Why didn't you say so?
We go someplace dangerous.
What use am I?
Coming?
Well... Well... Okay.
You've been moping for months.  Now that you've gotten the idea of killing yourself out of the way, you can stop boring me and start being useful to me.  Now get some rest.
Because the old king had a twin as well, and through his whole reign his brother fought him for the throne.  Then he had two heirs, not just sons but twins.  So he decided that one be put away, as if he never existed.  You, Phillippe.
But why?
I carried the king's child!  The queen had twins that night, and one of them was sent away, in secret!
Athos, do you understand this?  He confuses me --
No, not Louis!
The child of the king is... the king.  Louis!
Not just a baby, Porthos.  I carried the child of the king.
I don't understand.  What does this have to do with...?  You carried a baby somewhere, it's unusual, but --
But I was on duty...
I remember that night.  D'Artagnan was drunk, the only time I've seen him that way.  The three of us were reveling, remember, Athos?
The greatest secret of life is who we truly are.  Now I must give you that secret, which has been kept from you your whole life.  It began on the night when Louis was born.
I will answer all your questions. But first soap, water, and a razor.
Aramis!  Athos!  He looks exactly like... exactly like...
I expected action.  There was no killing, no fighting, I was useless.
And why are you so glum?
Easy to say, but hard to do.  For what I am trying to tell you is that I am the Governor General of Jesuits in France.
It is a weighty problem, Aramis -- but perhaps you should leave it to this secret General of the Jesuits, whoever he might be.
So they tell us.  But what are we to believe when the king is a tyrant, and the Church, meant to stand for all those oppressed, has become the tool of oppression?  When no conscience is tolerated?  No dissent, no objection?
But -- doesn't God ordain both Pope and King?
Catacombs.  Very holy.
A tomb?  We're in a tomb?
It is also a place of burial.
Mother of God!
Jesus of Nazareth found the holy among the profane.  If we are to have a place of private prayer, where better than here, beside the channels where the shit and the garbage run to the river?
Where are we?
Hell may be our destination, dear Porthos, but not this trip.
Aramis... is this the way to hell?
Can't you see I'm praying, goddammit?!
I observe your forgiveness isn't sweeter than a plump nipple.
Forgiveness?
Forgiveness.
Really?  If you can name me one thing, one single thing, that is more sublime than the feel of a plump pink nipple between my lips, I will buy you a new cathedral.
There are more important things than tits.
I just said you're praying!  Are you deaf too?  I know you're blind, because if you had seen the tits that just walked out of here, you'd have tears in your eyes.
Be quiet, you fat fool.  Can't you see I'm praying?
Please revel with me, Aramis, I need my spirits lifted.  I'm old, I'm weak, my strength is gone --
It's a prison, you idiot!  They don't expect anyone to try getting in!  The problem will come when we want out!
It worked!
So what?  I'd rather die covered in blood, than an old man, lying in my own piss.
You are right.  But it is a trap.
What choice is there?  If Phillippe is in the Bastille, then to the Bastille we will go.
He lures us to capture.
"Phillippe has been removed to the Bastille, to the lower dungeon.  At midnight tonight I will order the guard changed, and will delay the replacements for ten minutes.  That should give you ample time.  Never have I needed more to say:  One for all, and all for one.  D'Artagnan."
At a ball, everyone watches the King!
D'Artagnan, unready?
I don't know about you, but I plan to wait here.
What do we do now?
Best not to ask.  Shouldn't even talk about it.
Who does?
He gets one day of confession each year.  Today is the day.
Raoul --
Goodbye, father.  I am sorry.
Raoul, no... You cannot do this.  No matter how your heart is broken --
It is already done.  I have just stopped at Mother's grave, to say goodbye, before coming to tell you.
Fromberge...?!  At the front?!  No.
I have rejoined the army, and asked to resume my commission at the head of the troops of General Fromberge.
Die?  What...?
Never mind, Papa, it doesn't matter now.  She loved me once.  I want to die remembering that.
Piglet -- ?  What are you -- ?
She cannot possibly refuse.  Her family is poor, they have even less money than we do.  And along with the invitation, the King sent the diamond pendant, from the piglet.
Michelle cannot possibly accept!
We were at her door.  I was just taking the ring from my pocket, for the third time today, when a young Musketeer brought the invitation for her to become a lady-in-waiting for the Queen Mother.
But -- are you sure?
Michelle, she -- The king has invited her to come live in the palace.
That must be Raoul!  Raoul!  Look, d'Artagnan's come to visit...! What's wrong?  You look awful!
She died giving you to me.  And I want to die knowing it is one the finger of the women my son loves.
Mother's ring.  I can't take this.
Perhaps this will help.
I care only about Michelle.  Should I ask her when we first arrive? Or... or when we're leaving?  I could ask her in the carriage -- but it is more romantic at the palace. I get so confused...
None of the ladies will be able to take their eyes off you.
Do I look all right?
I came to see you safely out.  Check for yourself.
He lies.  He is here to trap us.
I cannot, Athos.  Dearly as I love you, I cannot.
If you ever loved me -- if you ever loved honor, or anything else -- then stand now, and let it happen.
No man is all bad... or all good.  I believe -- I must believe -- that Louis can learn.  And perhaps I can help him.
Why do you follow him, d'Artagnan?! I know you have put service above your own life, but why does this King deserve such loyalty?  He is a monster!  He executes ministers for his own blunders, with their families hostage so they take the blame!  He has no honor!
An oath is an oath precisely because it cannot be removed!
It is honor you serve, and when the king is dishonorable you are removed from your oath of honor!
The cannons killed Raoul!  The cannons, and love.  But not the King.
The King killed my son!
Athos!  I know life means nothing to you at this moment, but I will not let you kill yourself.
To kill the king.
Where are you going?
Athos, I beg you --
Get out of my way.
Athos, please...!
Save my son, d'Artagnan.
Raoul is hurrying to the front, so I must hurry too.
You trust his character more than anyone else does.
I will also speak with the King, for he is surely unaware of the problems his invitation to Mademoiselle Beaufort has caused.
Oh my friend.
I know.
Raoul is everything to me.
I have dispatches a message to Fromberge requesting that Raoul be kept far from the fighting.
What hope is there?  A wartime commission cannot be vacated except by the king, and what chance is there of that?  Fromberge is on the battle line, and Raoul --
I fear I know our King.  I came to try to bring you hope.
You knew this was happening.  You knew and that's why you came.
She's a woman, d'Artagnan!  From a poor family.  You may still be young enough to believe love conquers everything, but I am old and hard and I've seen too much.  Even when kings are hunchbacks they have any woman they desire, because power seduces even more than love!
If the young woman truly loves Raoul --
This cannot be.  Everyone knows the Queen Mother is a recluse, and the ladies-in-waiting are but mistresses for the king!
I was feeling sorry for myself. Raoul is getting married, he proposed today!  I love that boy beyond all measure, I've spent everything I own to give him education and opportunity.  Now he has complete happiness, and I mope.
I heard your playing.
Another?  How many times have you saved his life in this year alone? Three?  Four?
They must stay sharp.  There was an attempt on the King's life today.
Midnight!  Mon dieu!  Driving the youngsters hard, eh?
I have ordered a drill of the Royal Guard for midnight, and must be clear-headed for it.
You can't drink with a friend you haven't seen in months?
Thanks, but not for me.
Life is too long.  Except when we have our friends.  Look at you! You're still a boy!  Sit, sit!  I'll open a bottle of wine.
It's been too long.
Athos, my friend!
D'Artagnan!
D'Artagnan...
All this time... I was a lost secret.  But you were hiding all your loyalty, all your love.  You were the Man in the Iron Mask.
If I could have a blade, then I would be please to run with you.
One for all.  All for one.
How did you --
Phillippe...?
She will be at the ball.
The room of the King's favorite mistress?
Your mother's.
Whose rooms are those?
These rooms are yours.  Up these stairs -- or through this hidden passage -- is the room of your mistress... Michelle.
Porthos told me.
How did you know -- ?
Is that the king of king you wish me to be?  Or do you say this because of your son?
No!  Do not be sorry!  Never be sorry!  The King cares for nothing and for no one!  There are no mistakes when you are King!  What you do is right for every person!  A King has contempt for everyone!
I am so sorry!  Forgive me, I --
I will sit with you.  I can't sleep either.
I've worn this mask so long, I couldn't sleep without it.
I did not share beauty with someone... who is no longer here for me to share beauty with.
What is that?
It is something I have done -- or did not do.
You look so sad.  Is it something I have done?
I suppose... it is to remember there are many people who have never been in a prison, who pass such beauty every day, and never see it.
What is its antidote?
The desire for vengeance... can be a poison.
There is... wrath... in me.  I have learned to hide it.  Those years in the cell, I dreamed that freedom would someday just happen, the way the mask happened.  Now I am free. And with each free breath I feel the growing desire to make someone suffer for all I lost.  Look at this, all this that for ten years I could not see!  What if I become a king -- a king no different from my brother?
Phillippe... there is something I hope you understand.  Terrible cruelty has been used against you. And... you must understand that you did nothing to deserve it.
Perhaps not as much as you might imagine.  When tutors answered every question except those about who I was.  When I was imprisoned in a way no other man had ever been, I knew there was something different about me.  But a king...
Recent hours have been a shock.
Phillippe.  Rest now.
The old man and woman called me... Phillippe.
And you never knew why?
A man in black.  I never saw his face.  He took me to the cell.  A blacksmith came and they put me into the mask.  For days I shouted, "What have I done?  Why do you do this to me?"  But no one heard, so I just stopped shouting.
Who came?
This place... I once lived in a country house.  I had guardians -- an old man and woman.  And tutors. But no friends.  Then when I was twelve, they came and took me to the prison.
Just... water.
Are you hungry?
There.
Where is Michelle?
They have plotted against me!  Me! The embodiment of God's will!
Aramis, Porthos and Athos too.  I know what they have done was a threat against you -- and yet that threat has been removed, with no harm coming to your Majesty.  If their passions were in error, their spirits have ever been noble. Forgive them.
Forgive?!
Not once have I ever asked anything for myself.  I ask now.  Forgive this man, this prisoner... your brother.
Get out of my way.
Your Majesty... This man before you... He is royal blood, the same as you.  To spill it is the one thing even you cannot do.  It is against the laws of God, and of France.
My twin.  Which has kept him alive. Until now.
I -- I thought he was but... an impostor who resembled --
He is my brother.
... You knew you had a double?
I was told this impostor was dead!
Yes, your Majesty.
Even the bedchamber passages!  Let none remain!
It shall be done, your Majesty.
I want all these passages sealed! Another stupid idea of my father's! Seal them all, every one!
... tired.  Must... lie down.
Your Majesty...?
You will protect me as you always have, d'Artagnan.
Your Majesty.  This ball, with an open invitation to the nobility of Paris -- we have no way of checking --
It... was nothing.  A nightmare, nothing more.  Go away, I --
I just left the garden, it was empty.  What did you see?
Thank you, your Majesty.
I will consider it.  Now leave me.
Order Fromberge to keep him in safety!  It is the least you can do, to protect your own honor!
Silence!  I order you!
At least help Raoul.
That is enough!  You are a good servant, d'Artagnan, but you forget your place!
Not criticize -- plead.  Love.  Love your people, and you will not bear to see them hungry.  Love women, and they will love you.  Love yourself, and --
You dare criticize my father?!  Or lecture me?!
There is more to love than he knew, or that you know.
What quaint notions, d'Artagnan! But they contradict my father, who picked his queen when he was old, and only then to bear me.
It is not Raoul's heart alone that concerns me.  It is yours.  I know you find women compliant -- especially the poorer ones like Michelle.  But do they love you?  Do you love them?  What about a queen to love?  A son of your own?
That is my desire, and my desire is what should concern you, not the sentiments of some commoner!
Your Majesty has had many women --
Miss Beaufort has accepted our invitation.  By this we can only suppose that she wishes to come -- as we wish her to be here.
In his mind, anyway, and soon enough in hers.  She had written him many letters of love.
Betrothed?  I think not.
Mademoiselle Michelle Beaufort.  She is betrothed to Raoul, the son of Athos the Musketeer, who has served France through many tribulations.
A personal nature?
Then there is one more thing, of an even more personal nature.
I already know about the riots, d'Artagnan, I heard them out there whispering.  Some fool gave the order to distribute rotten food.  I will deal with it tomorrow.
It is for your security that I have come, your Majesty -- for the security of your honor.
Aaa!  D'Artagnan!  These passages were constructed for the King's security, not so you could step from my father's portrait and startle me to death!
Let us play a game, d'Artagnan, let us pretend I am King and you are Captain of my Musketeers.  Let us behave as if my wish is law.  And my wish is to enjoy this party!
But I deployed the Royal Guards according to your previous --
I am King, d'Artagnan.  I will change my mind as I wish, and I will enjoy my banquet as I wish!
Then you must allow me to stay close to you so that --
I decided it this morning.
The plans for use of the maze were not disclosed to me.
What is it, d'Artagnan?  Assassins falling from the sky now?
Your Majesty...
I am unhurt --
Phillippe!
No.  Even if I could give up my friends, I could never give up my son.
Wait.  Bargain me to Louis, for all your lives.  You have done your best.  Let me go, and let all of you find peace.
I must insist, Sire.
... The ball... Continue.
Sire, we have an emergency -- of security.  I must ask you to accompany me.
Continue.
What was the end page?
You've... memorized...?
Two-thirty-seven:  "... And the descendants of Japeth are these: Obediah, Zebulon, Hezekiah..."
... Two-thirty-seven.
What number, on the first page?
Eh?
What number did you tear out?
Thank you, Keeper.
Food, moron.
No, Keeper.
You dead yet?
Shoot them!  Shoot them!
Magnificent valor...
The corridor nullifies our number... And no one has stomach to fight the Captain.
Cowards!  Twenty run from four?!
When he returns, watch him.  When he leaves again, you tell me.
Out directing the search for the traitors.
Now.  Where is d'Artagnan?
Not by you.  I will order d'Artagnan to do it.
Do you want Athos arrested, your Majesty?
You may go, Lieutenant.
... He did -- but Captain d'Artagnan blocked his way.
Who was Athos seeking?  Tell me! Did he try to enter the palace?
No.  He cut an ear from one of the men, no one else was hurt.  Captain d'Artagnan allowed him to leave. Athos was upset about the death of his son, at the front.
Did they kill him?
Athos, the former Musketeer, has just fought with several of your guard, at the Musketeers' Gate.
Yes, yes, go on.
I would not have disturbed you, Majesty, but you ordered me to keep you informed --
What... an excellent idea, your Majesty!
Exactly why it should be given away.
That food has spoiled.  That is why it was not shipped to the army.
Ah yes, the riots.  We have food stocks on the wharves right now, no?
Aramis!  I have been expecting you!  We are satisfied, that will do.
Majesty... We have more than enough food set aside for your birthday celebration next week.  If we distributed some of that, we would have time to gather more before --
Sometimes the poor do grow hungry. But why would they riot about it?
Well yes, of course, Majesty, and I'm sure they are content... except that... well, they are starving.
Riots?  My people live in the world's most beautiful city, their king has the grandest palaces on earth.  Why should they feel anything but pride and contentment?
We'll burn in hell.  Both of us.
Listen, my darling... Raoul was a... a good friend.  And now he is dead and that is very sad but --
Raoul... Oh, Raoul...
Oh Louis, Louis...
I will order a Mass for his soul. It will guarantee his place in Heaven.
I did not want to upset you.  It was tragic.  I did everything I could for him.  I ordered him positioned in a spot of complete safety, far from the fighting.  But he disregarded my wishes and charged into danger.
Did you know... about Raoul?
No, you may wait behind the screen.
Shall I leave?
If you don't want to be so appealing, why did you touch the rose to your skin?  Where was it? Here?
Sire, I --
You are beautiful.  You know you are.
My dear, I've already done it.
You would do that, your Majesty?
Wait, no!  Do not be ashamed.  The straits of your family need not be permanent.  It is a simple matter to have them brought to one of my country estates, where they may have fine meals, and physicians to look after them.
I... we are humble people...
This is more than you are used to. Your mother is a seamstress, your father is dead.  You have three younger sisters, two of whom suffer from consumption.  Don't look so surprised, Kings know such things.
It's lovely.  It's just...
The food doesn't please you?
Enough of this, our dinner waits.
Raoul... is in love...
From Raoul.  He urges you to guard your honor -- as if it could be in any danger... from your king.
A letter.  May I see?
... Nothing.
How did I get in?  You're new here, and will soon learn many secrets. What is that?
Sire!  I -- How did you --
You blush!  You do not wish to be beautiful to your King?
Sire, I --
I would have said it was impossible, but I believe the excitement of the chase has made you even more beautiful.
Yeah, stick around, you might learn something.
You mind if I ride with you?
Or worse, we'll have a hostage situation on our hands.
Alright, we know who we're looking for.  Play it cool until the time is right to make a move.  Let's not pull any gangbusters shit or we'll lose him again.
If you guys want in, fine.  Just remember this is our jurisdiction.
Every step of the way.
Cooperate?
I'm sure if our departments cooperate we can find out the truth.
That's the point.  He slipped up, and he's desperate now.  And that means he's all the more dangerous.
If what you're saying is true, then why would he have killed two police officers? A man like that would want to lay low, if he was planning some kind of damn sabotage mission!
Our agency monitors all threats very carefully, and there's good reason to believe Jim Trudell has the training, the connections, and the experience to present a clear threat to the public if he remains at large.
Yeah?..well what are you getting at? You saying he has an agenda down here?
I don't think you understand. I don't mean shuffling papers in an office, I mean Jim Trudell worked classified assignments, special forces...sabotage...until last year. He was brought up on charges of espionage, but the charges were later dropped, and he sprang the service.
We ran the i.d.  I could have told you that.
We did a little digging on Jim Trudell at Sergeant Zydowski's request. He's 31, no priors, and he's been working for the military for ten years.
Yeah - I heard - nothing came up.
Your department contacted our agency regarding information on Sarah Williams.
What can I do for you?
Yeah?
Captain Doyle?
Alright, stay on the phone.
What do you think?
You set to go -
We're by Ozone...
Where are you?
Yeah?
No I mean ours, motherfucker! If I go down everyone's going with me - you and your crew especially! You won't get protection, you won't get the trucks - nothing!
You mean shut your ass down!
So what is they have enough to shut us down!
So what?
He walked in on Fleming and took him out.
The shit just hit the fan, brother. That bitch has a partner and he got away from me.
What do you need?
It's Marvosa -
Well why don't you sit this one and get some rest...you look like shit. CUT TO INT TUBBS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
It's just...catching up with me, you know?
Something wrong with you Marvosa?
That's got to our secret agent man! Do we have an address?
Outside hacker?  What the fuck are you talking about?
Hey what they did on their time was their business, you know?  I just want to catch this scumbag, wherever he is.
Just wondering if maybe they had a thing going with this hooker, you know, some connection.
Where do you come from, Marvosa?
Gotta come from somewhere...
It's kind of a funny coincidence, isn't it?
What?
Well don't you think that's odd?
Yeah I saw 'em around.  They worked vice.
So you must have known Fleming... and Stanton -
Yeah...
Did you start out area six?
Nineteen eighty four.  What fucking difference does it make?
When did you join the force?  You know, the police force, the place you work...
What?
Our getaway car.  You said a cell phone?
What's this?
Fine -
I'll take the south end -
I'm sure you can handle it.  Now I want to do an alley-to alley sweep beginning at the north and south ends from Marine to 30th.  Foot beat units continue on the boardwalk.
These crowds are going to make it a bitch!
If you can trail him to a remote area do it. We all want a piece of him but let's keep our heads and stay within the law - we got people everywhere out here.
Right behind you.
Let's roll -
Fine...
Find out for me.
I don't know, shit.  Maybe she was looking for love...
But what was a hair dresser from Malibu doing 60 miles away in some dive bar?
So? Girls left bars with Ted Bundy too. It doesn't rule out foul play.
Sarah Williams left the bar with Trudell on her own.
What did the six-toes have to say?
I didn't hit shit!
Did you hit him?
Don't worry -
Don't take any chances.  Call for back-up this time!
We're all gonna fan out!  C'mon, let's do a sweep of the alleys -
I'm going to look for him on my own. Fuck this.
Great. Well that changes a lot...
He must have got the keys... off Stanton.
What the hell is this Marvosa!!
Oh for Chrissakes it could have happened to anyone of--
I don't know how you're used to doing things, Marvosa, but it sounds like some damn sloppy work to me!
It happened too fast.  He was in the back, quiet and calm and boom! He was out - and gone.  We...we fanned out...Stanton must have let his guard down!
Why didn't you call for back-up! What were you thinking, Jesus!!!
He busted the back window with his feet, and fled on foot.  We pursued him into this warehouse - but he's - gone, south - maybe a couple of miles if he's fast -
What the hell happened?
we've got kidnapping, grand theft auto, burglary, and two counts of murder on you, and I'm gonna see to it personally that it sticks!
You can cut the shit, asshole--
Did you report it stolen?
Bullshit...
It wasn't in the cards.
I tell you one thing Trudell - you'd make a hell of a cop...
I'll live...
Are you alright?
Yeah, it was opened -  with a goddamn screwdriver!!!
I didn't break in - the back door was open!
So...  to get the car back, you break into her house.
She stole my car!!
Anyhow...	you wake up and she's gone. But--  --this is my favorite part--  she leaves you the keys to a brand new Beemer.
I'm done talking until I get a lawyer.
Who am I?  I'm gonna be your worst fucking nightmare until you start breaking it down for me.  You understand? Where did you get the car!
And who are you?
Alright, where is she?
Nothing!  He didn't do nothing!
And what did he do to the girl?
I was just having a little fun -
Alright, alright!  We were just fucking with him..you know?
Now you listen to me hay-seed! If you don't want to spend a year in jail for making a false report you'll start giving me straight answers, you got that!!
Mm-hmm...that's not what the bartender told us.
Hell, he probably raped her in the lot, dumped the body somewhere. That's what he was like - a real wacko.
Did he harm the girl?
Yeah...the guy was psycho - I was just tying to protect the girl...
And he took a swing at you?
The guy was looking for trouble, shoving people around, being an asshole...
Well let's get his ass to the garage!  Some lead...
He said he was following up some lead.
And where the hell is Marvosa?
Could explain why Fleming was there.
Vice...you think they had something to do with this dead hooker?
Well it's just kind of a coincidence, isn't it?  Stanton and Fleming, both started in '83, both in area six...both in Vice?
Something I don't already know?
Well read this -
No Zydowski I didn't read today's paper - it's just going to irritate the hell out of me.
Did you read today's paper?
That's great Zydowski, you tech guys are really on the ball.  Harding - call the print lab at the FBI, run the prints through their library, see if it's less screwed-up than ours...
That's not all.  According to the computer - she died of a drug overdose last year.
What?  Wait a minute -
Her prints belong to Stephanie Field, convicted for soliciting two years ago.
Yeah?
You won't like this.  I ran the prints from the house.  No police record on your suspect--at least not in our files. But there is a match on the girl.
Zydowski.  It's about time.
LAPD data center reports a breach on the system.  An outside hacker has accessed files on Detectives Fleming and Stanton...and yours too, Marvosa.
Yeah?
Captain?
Good! We'll get it to the nearest outlying station and hold it for prints - we're on our way -  You coming?
They found the getaway Mercedes a parking garage north of Venice. It checks out.
Speak of the devil.
I lost him - I heard shots - that way!!
Where is he?!!
I don't know - but he's from the FBI.
Who is it?
Captain there's someone here to see you - he's waiting in your office.
Neither did I.  I'll make it up to you, I promise...
No -
Have you ever heard of the Live Oak River?
Where the hell is my car?
Yeah.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you, Stephanie.
So you know about Marvosa, and Stanton, and all of them.
I took it with me.  It's in a safe place.
What happened with the tape?
I didn't know what to do - but I knew I had something somebody would want.  That's where I met him - told him what I had.  The FBI set me up with a new place...but the cops found me somehow.  So I ran...and met you.
What did you do then?
I had it all on tape...
Found what?
I got out of there.	I just grabbed up my stuff, and then I found it.
And what did you do?
Yeah...they did.  One girl...
Didn't these - professionals - figure he had a girl in the room?
I was there, and it was no suicide. He was killed by professionals.  I was in the bathroom when it happened.
No, but I'm listening.
Six months ago, a police lieutenant named Charles Fletcher was found dead in a hotel room - he blew his brains out - left no note, you may have heard of it...
What exactly did you see?
No.  A witness.
Look what are you anyway? Some kind of spy?
I had to get away!  My life was in danger!
Well you figured wrong!  And now I'm public enemy number one.  You have an answer for that?
I didn't.  I figured you leave it well enough alone.
Why did you set me up?
You'll find out - soon enough.
What's going on here?
Only on dates?
No.
You always carry a gun with you?
Figure you would have tried it already.
You know, you don't seem afraid of much either.  How do you know I'm not going to try to rape you?
No...
Mind if I turn out the light?
You're the mysterious type, right?
No...
You got any family?
Seattle.
Where up north?
Up north.
So where are you from?
Don't worry about me...  ...and don't forget your helmet. You don't want to get a ticket.
Are you going to be alright?
I'm going to need a way to get there.
I can't help you anymore, Jimmy. I'm sorry.
I told you I'm not going anywhere! I got my whole life in this place!  I'll just destroy the evidence and play dumb.
Tubbs, these people mean business.
I'm not going anywhere!
That was her - the girl... We have to go.
Shit, we just started.  But I better log out of this.
It's not very much to go on...is there anything else we can check?
Ahh, shit.  We're pretty much tapped out.  I'm getting denied access all over the place...
And look at the balances...these aren't police salaries...
Both at the same bank...
Who knows?  Maybe he's ordering army knives. I can't access that, but look what we have here...these are the account records for Fleming and Marvosa.
A bank?
OK...Marvosa makes calls to this fax number overseas.  And that's Switzerland's country code.
What else is new?
You know this time, there's nobody that's gonna cover your ass. You're over your head this time.
I gave all that up.  I got tired of the lies. They wanted to stuff me in Levenworth to cover their asses on a botched assignment.  It got so I didn't know who to trust anymore...  ...some things never change, I guess.
So...what happened to you, Jimmy?  I figure you'd be in some far off place somewhere, living on the edge like the good old days.
I'll access the LAPD mainframe, but we gotta be careful - that one's kind of tricky -
How about Marvosa and the others?
OK...county tax records...they're saying 1490 Breckinridge is owned by... an Atlantic Trust Corporation...they have a P.O. box in D.C.
I got a lot of free time, you know what I mean?
I knew I could count on you.
I don't, but I'm pretty sure. It's a long story but I cloned a cellular linkup with a binary code scrambler and sent it through the phone network mainframe.  If they start a trace it will be to a Pic'n'Save on Pico.
No thanks.  How do you know they can't catch you on this thing?
Donut?
Let's see what we got...
1490...Breckinridge...
OK, I'm logged on to the municipal network.  I'm showing sixteen people with the name Sarah Williams in L.A. county.  None of them live in Hollywood.  Do you remember the address?
OK...where do you want to start?
I've got a better idea...
Shit, what I have now made our setup in Angola look like Tinker Toys.  I've been skipping through Internal Revenue records all day. I even have video strip poker. You want to check it out?
I hope you haven't lost your touch with this stuff.
Alright...alright...you've saved my ass enough times.  What do you want to do?
I don't know.  But I'm in trouble. I'm all over the papers. I have to figure out what's going on.
Oh man...what happened?
I have nowhere else to go, Tubbs, I need your help!
Shit, you know what happens to me if I'm harboring a fugitive?  I already think they're on to me! I thought you were the phone police for Chrissake!
They're inside the department, they're everywhere - it's not safe.
You gotta turn yourself in. Before it's too late -
It was self-defense, Tubbs! They're dirty!  I walked in on something, I don't know what -
Jimmy, do you realize what you did? Man that's like death penalty shit -
Yeah I'm sure!  I did it with my own hands!
Oh, shit, shit, shit - I don't know about all this! You sure?!
I killed them.
And?...
Look, Jimmy, you know, I haven't seen you in eight years, you show up to my door like you're on drugs - now the least you could do is tell me what the fuck is going on!
No...
Yeah, c'mon in...you scared the hell out of me!
Hello Tubbs.  Can I come in?
Holy shit -
This is Tubbs. Sorry I can't answer the phone, I'm out square dancing. Leave a message--
Operator, I'd like to make a collect call - 213-467-0972...
Please...
Jesus, man...
It's...it's a long story.  Can we meet somewhere?
Just what did you get yourself into, Jimmy?
Tubbs listen!  I don't know anywhere else to go!  I need your help!
You are drunk.  You know, it's been a long time and I'd love to catch up, but I really got to -
Yeah...
Well...whatsamatter?  Run in with the law?
No...I'm in some trouble...
Well where are ya, what are ya, drunk?
Tubbs, it's me.
Jim Trudell!  Bravo company!
What?
Not with this...
You don't seem afraid of much.
Screw him!
What would your - boyfriend - think?
Bartender said there are motels south of here.
We were fighting - I told him to let me out.  So where are you headed?
Ditched you?
Are you serious?  My boyfriend ditched me...
Are you a regular there?
Well, you saved me from a bad situation. Thanks.  I admit this is...unusual.
Where did you learn to fight like that? JIM  I read a book.
Hop in.
I'm stranded out here.
Mind if I come along for the ride?
I don't have any real destination. I'm just going South.
You must be going somewhere.
Well I've kind of had my fill of the place, you know what I mean?
Where are you going?
County jail - get in.
Where am I going?
Then what did you do, play canasta?
No.  It wasn't like that!
Did you have sexual intercourse with the woman in question?
What?
Did you have sex with her?
No - that's not it!  She said her boyfriend stranded her up there! I didn't ask her to come with me!
Nahhh...
Yeah, and that's all I'm going to say. If you want to arrest me, go ahead...
Oh yeah?  You're a smart man?...
I asked him not to tell me where he was going.  I told him I don't want any part of it.
Long gone, huh?
Long gone... MARVOSA Well you won't mind if I don't take your word for it, right?
Where is he?
Don't you guys ever knock?
I don't recommend it.
Could he handle a direct contact?
If he pushes too deep into our boy's mind-set, he may destroy himself.  What are you planning, Jack?
What's the bottom line?
No. It happened when Graham went to see Hobbs' daughter four months later in the hospital. She saved her carotid artery.., but lost three fingers and her larynx. She was connected up to a voice box.  When Graham went to see her, she asked him -- through the speaker: 'Why did you have to kill my daddy?'  That's when Graham had his nervous breakdown.
That's when it happened?
I'll tell you the events. The psychology's none of your business. Hobbs was trying to cut his eleven- year-old daughter's throat. Graham shot him with his .38 six times. Hobbs still didn't go down. He had to wade in...
His nervous breakdown followed Hobbs. Could he kill again if he had to save his life? Or would he hesitate?
Because I'm professionally concerned about him. And he'd pick up on that. He's fast. He hates being prodded and poked.  So do I.  What do you want?
Why aren't you ever alone with him?
He's an eideteker. He has almost total recall.  But I don't think he's psychic.  What he has it empathy and projection.  He can assume your point of view and mine.., and some other points of view that scare and sicken him.
You're never alone in a room with Graham, are you? You're smooth about it, but you're never one-on-one with him. Why's that? Do you think he's psychic?
I wouldn't presume to try.
He doesn't think you run mind games on him.
It was you who did the asking.
That was Peterson upstairs.
Remember when you asked for a study on him, I refused. Same goes for now.
I need to ask you questions of a psychological nature.
What about him?
Kevin and Molly are on their way to Montana.  Who the hell is he to do this to my family, Sidney? Answer me that...!
How are Molly and the boy?
And do what? Read about the next family in the morning paper?  In my Monkey Ward safehouse 'cause I can't take my family home?  This ends when I make it over.
The usual motivation doesn't apply to him, nor the way he uses them.  I don't have an answer for you.  Listen to me, my friend: leave this.
Sidney: I don't understand him.  We know he re-arranges the kids and husbands into a dead audience.  To witness the act. We know he thinks the act is making him into something different. His 'becoming'... but I don't know what it is he thinks he's becoming.  The answer is something to do with how he uses the mirrors. That's what's missing for me.  Why the mirrors?
He may have an unconscious homosexual conflict. A fear of being gay. He objects to the word 'fairy.' Plus smeared bloodstains indicate that he put the shorts on Charles Leeds after he was dead.  I believe he did this to emphasize his lack of interest in Mr. Leeds.
What have we missed?
If the Tooth Fairy listens to Lecktor, he'll come for me. So we're going to set me up as bait to draw him out. Give him a clean shot.  That's what you were thinking, isn't it?
Crawford has a proposition. I don't think it's a good idea.
He'd know it from articles he's read about Lecktor...
It has to be a book the Tooth Fairy would know Lecktor has in his cell.
They tried sodium amytal on him three years ago to find where he buried a Princeton student.  He gave them a recipe for potato chip dip.
Right.  What about sweating Lecktor?
Then the Tooth Fairy named the book in the part Lecktor tore out.
Christ!
In thirty-five minutes.
He doesn't have anything to cut with.
That's probably in the part Lecktor tore out.  At the top it says: 'I hope we can correspond.' And then the hole begins.  It looks like Lecktor went over it with a felt tip pen and then folded it and pinched most of it away.
The main thing is: how was Lecktor to reply.
Library of Congress.
Where?
Have him meet me with pictures of Lecktor's books...
Willingham, when he tossed his cell, took Polaroids so they could get everything back in place...
No. Galatians 15:2? Galatians has only six chapters. The same with Jonah 6:8 -- Jonah has four chapters. Lecktor wasn't using a Bible.
Not the Bible?
'One hundred prayers' could be the page number. The paired numbers and the scriptural references could be line and letter. But what book?
Book code?
No.  The numbers aren't right for a jailhouse alphabet code. It's a book code.  And your message has to go out in it, or he'll know it's not Lecktor talking to him.
Issue the toilet paper tear as a...
If there's any doubt, we matched the indents of the bitemark on the note against the Smithsonian teeth. This is your boy...  He folded the bottom part, including what Lecktor tore out. In this enlargement of the back side, oblique light revealed impressions.  We can make out: 'six-six-six'.  I didn't spot it until I had this high-contrast print. I advised Chicago as soon as I saw it.
When do they go to press?
The Chicago office is running through all the personal ads in the Tattler right now.
At the end is the tail of what could be an 'r.
That could be the tip of a 't.  Here and here. And here.
Aniline dyes in the inks in felt-tip pens -- which is what Lecktor has -- are transparent to infrared. The Tooth Fairy's ballpoint isn't...
Twenty minutes max.
How long do I have?
'You're very beautiful.
That's it. Lecktor called him a Pilgrim when he was talking to me...
'Dear Pilgrim, you honor me.'
Read it.
We got an ad order in tonight's "Tattler" with 'six-six-six' in it. It's being Telexed to you right now.
Will Graham, Jack Crawford...
This is Chester here. Who am I talking to?
I need to talk to you about Will Graham.
Let's go to bed. I'll rub your back.
I'll try to keep him as far away from it as I can...
No.  I don't like people who park in the 'handicapped zone'...
Talking about 'like,' you don't like me very much, do you?
You wouldn't like it, either if you had it.
Nobody's better with evidence. But he has the other thing, too. He doesn't like that part of it...
He thinks you want him to look at evidence.
Because it's his bad luck to be special.
You're his friend, Jack. Why can't you leave him alone?
I have to.
Whatever I say, you'll take him away, won't you?
It's happening again, Jack...
Wait for the back-up! Will?
There's somebody in the house, Jack...
Stay in the trees.
I'll cover the back.
Three minutes.
How far away's the back-up?
Get the roadblocks set on Route Three! There's an access road to the back of the house. That ought to be a second team's approach.  Will Graham and I are in an orchard due west of the house.
You're not going to need that. Because we're going in careful and slow and secure a perimeter and a St. Louis PD Swat team is going to take him. Not us.
What?
Will...?
This is our boy...!
Fogel has four more names. He knows two: both dark hair. Third's a woman. Fourth's a handicapped parking permit...
Are your parking permits in the computer? He drives a van.
Parking permits...
I want a chopper on the roof in three minutes. To Meigs Field.  At Meigs have them warn up and flight- prep the Gulf Stream.
It does, doesn't it?
See if there's another label underneath.
Have him peel the top label back.
No. It's Bob's Photo Store in...
Is there a label on the Jacobi can that says what lab processed it?
What it's going to say on the Jacobi film can is the same as it says on the Leeds' film can: Gateway Lab, St. Louis, Missouri.
There's some film cans in the far corner of the room underneath one of the windows.
We want the cans the Jacobi home movies came in.  They're in the far corner of the room under the windows.
It's the guard in the storeroom.
Don't talk to me!!
It's getting late and...
He had to.
You mean Jacobi put it in between when this film was made and when he was murdered?
Because a steel door and deadbolt were there when they were killed.
He used a boltcutter to trim the branch out of his way. When he was watching from the woods. Why didn't he use it to go through the basement door?
What's that?
That's why the boltcutter.
You wanna watch this or what?!
Will?
It's a foregone conclusion. For Christ's sake, it's eleven PM.  The full moon is tonight.
It's not over yet.
Let's admit we struck out this month. The Gulf Stream's standing by. The basic lab stuff is on it.  You, Zeller, Jimmie Price, a photographer. Anywhere he hits, we can be there in an hour and fifteen minutes. We get the call, we roll. The scene'll be very fresh...
Something Lecktor said.
What?
He's a very shy boy...
There is none! We've run it through the computer a dozen times.
There has to be.
There's no connection between the families.
He's very careful, very... designed when he chooses.  If we find out how he finds them, then we'll find him.
How do I know?!
VTR, film, Polaroid, stills, what?
It's a word. Killing them...  His delusion is: if he sees himself accepted enough times, he will become as one who has the power to be accepted all the time.  And he would record it somehow. So he can see himself received over and over again...
'Changes?'
He changes them into beings that accept him... And he needs to see the acceptance, In the mirrors.  I didn't understand the mirrors before.  It's very important.
When I'm done.
When are you coming back?
That's narrow?
Milwaukee, Madison, Dubuque, Peoria, St. Louis, Indianapolis, Cincinnati, Toledo and Detroit.
What's it narrow down to?
From the lip wound, which happened seven hours before he got burned, we've narrowed it down to those cities within the seven-hour driving radius that also would've caught the 'Tattler' early Tuesday morning.
I arranged for him to have a phone. I have to call him in a few minutes.
You got the message Lecktor called...
No.
Asian studies at Langley said the mark you found on the tree is a Chinese character considered a positive or a lucky sign in gambling. The character also appears on a mah- jongg piece.  It means Red Dragon.  That mean anything to you?
I won't be here.
I'll pick you up in...
Get me a plane!
Wait, Will...
Get me a plane...
It says: 'Graham home, 3860 DeSoto Highway, Marathon, Florida. Save yourself. Kill them all.  It's your home address, Will. The bastard gave him your home address.
Tell me now.
I'll tell you in a second. Now listen to me: everything is okay, I'm taking care of it, so stay on the phone when I tell you.
What'd it say?
Will, Bowman just broke the code. It was a James Beard cook book. You need to know what it says right now.
Who is it?
We will feel sick for a very long time.
What if it encourages the Tooth Fairy to do something besides write?
Run it.
It's your call, Will. What do we do?
And if we pull it, we lose a week... We only have two to the next full moon.
Yes. And I'm leery of running Lecktor's message without knowing what it says.
Can we still get Lecktor's message out of the paper?
We let Lecktor's message run as is and decode it after. Or we pull it, work our the code and put ours in next week.
Twenty-five minutes. We won't make it in time.
Personal ads?
...there's three 't's' and an 'r' in Tattler.
We know the Tooth Fairy reads the Tattler. The stuff about me and Lector? I don't know any other paper that carried it...
After we've worked the note we want to replace it in Lecktor's cell. I don't want him to know we found it.  Where's Lector now?
Sarah, order a chopper. I want the next thing smoking and I don't care whose. Ours. DCPD.  Or the Marines. Then call Documents. Tell them to scramble a team. I want everybody moving in five minutes.  Dr. Chilton, please do not handle the note. I have a Documents team on the way to you by helicopter to pick it up.
What is it?
How'd you know 'broken mirrors?' Bribe a cop?  Tell it to the U.S. Attorney, Lounds!
You.
Who did he ask for?
Did Price get anywhere with the single prints off the Leeds?
If the Documents section can't do it... I'll send it up to Langley...
The mark? Yes.
Is it weird?
To recover the mind set.
For Christ's sake, why?
...I'm going to see Lecktor.
See? You do know something about him.
Because he has a genuine taste for it, Jack.
Why?
You think I'm gonna spot him 'across a crowded room?'  That's Ezio Pinza you're thinking about.  The Tooth Fairy will go on until we get smart or get lucky. He won't stop.
No other possibilities?
He makes noise going in and the husband gets to a gun in time.
We're running it through the computers now. So far there's no event or service that doubles back into both families. Plus they were big consumers: snowmobiles, fishing trips, scuba, videogames, lots of routine medical and dental. It's a haystack.  What's the other?
We find an event that connects both families. Same vacation hotel; same hospital, different times. Then we check employees and come up with a male nurse, hairdresser, whatever...  If we find out how he found them, then we'll find him.
What's one way?
Don't expect too much from me, Jack, all right?  We'll get him one way or the other.
You can tell something about him or we wouldn't have found the finger print...
I don't know, Jack. He's got no face for me.
Say we've arrested a good suspect. You walk in and see him. What is there about him that doesn't surprise you?
Atlanta and Birmingham can run the thumb print against known sex offenders. Five will get you ten they don't come up with an identification. Jimmie may in the Finder program... if he's ever been printed and in his Index.
I know...
...snuck in the hospital while I was sedated, flipped back the sheets and shot pictures. The only decent thing he did was run a black square over my balls...
Why don't you get Birmingham P.D. a methane probe out of D.C. and have them cover the backyard...  maybe the cat's dead and the kids buried it.
A cat. We found a litter box downstairs but not the cat.  Neighbors are watching for it.
Mrs. Leeds' fingernails and toenails. I think he took off his gloves, Jack.  And dust all the corneas of all their eyes.
What do you want to do?
He is good. Bur not as good as Price.
You said the guy down here is good.
Get him to Atlanta.
He's working on the single print index. What time is it?
Jack, this is Graham. Is Price still in Latent Prints?
I'LL come back later. I got messages at the Holiday Inn to collect.
Let's talk after dinner. Stay and eat.
These are all dead, Will.
As long as they're dead...
If you can't look anymore, I understand...
I am all right.
You look all right now.
I think there has been a lot of bullshit about the way I think.  I came down here to get away from all that.
That's not entirely true, Will. It's the way you think.
That was three years ago. And by doing the same things you and the rest of them at the lab are doing.
Last two like this we had, you caught.
You don't need me. I wouldn't be useful to you anymore, Jack.
And I got you down here fixing fuckin' boat motors.
The Bureau already has the best lab. Plus you have Bloom at the University of Chicago...
Why not?
No.
Will... you saw this in the papers. The second one was all over TV. Did you ever think about givin' me a call?
Typed him from semen. He's a secretor.
Somebody hurt him?
Blond, right-handed, really strong, wears a size eleven shoe. The prints are all smooth gloves. He's on a full moon cycle. Both times. His blood is AB Positive.
What else did you keep out of the papers?
Eighty-six so far. All cranks. He smashes the mirrors and uses the pieces.  None of them knew that;
What was in the 'Miami Herald' and the 'Times.'  Confessions?
How much do you know?
I don't want to talk about it anywhere.  If you brought pictures, leave them in the briefcase. Molly and Kevin will be back soon.
I should have caught you at the boat yard when you got off work. You don't want to talk about it here...
They got shot a Telex. They're on if now...
...twenty-eight minutes.  Cryptography at Langley?
Let's get to the physical.
Not yet.
For Christ's sake get him!
He went to the men's room.
Where the hell's Graham!
Will. Get right back here. He just called.
He asked for Will. He said he might call back tonight. I tried to hold him... I'm sorry... He said 'tell Graham "broken mirrors."'
...but if we find him, the print as evidence will get a conviction, Hold on. What?
Francis did a thing for you today so I couldn't have you. And he was wrong.  I AM THE DRAGON!  Give me your hand.
It's Dragon. Dragon... Red Dragon.
The Tooth...
Two groups of people were changed. Leeds and Jacobi. The police think they were murdered.  Do you know what they call the being that visited these people?  You can say.
Some remarkable events have happened in Birmingham and Atlanta.  Do you know what I'm talking about?
Am I alone in this room? Are you here...  Why are you doing this?!
Francis...?
Me.
Who?
It's me.
Who is it?
Yes.
You'll come by?
I'll see you later. All right?
Are you okay...?
No. Reba...?
I want to see you, too, Francis... Should I come over?
The developing room.  I need to... see you.
Francis? Where are you?
Reba...
I'm fine, Francis.
Do you want a Coke or something, Reba?
I'll get it.  Stay right here. You look very good in the sun...
I'll get my purse.
I have work to do at the plant.
My sister's coming by to pick me up for brunch. Why don't you come, too?
No! Don't go back into the house...  It's too nice outside.
Good morning...  If you show me where things are, I'll make us some coffee...
I'm fine.
Yes, are you okay...?!
Is that you. D?
I made you a gin and tonic. It's by the side of the sofa...
That was nice of you to think of that.
It's a surprise.
Ready to tell me what kind of 'outing' this is?
Uh-huh.
I'll probably go back to it someday.
You know you speak very well, although you avoid fricatives and sibilants in your speech. At the Riker Institute for the Blind. I trained in speech therapy for speech and hearing impaired children...
You worked out well.
They had to shape up their employment practices to keep this defense contract.
How did you come to Gateway?
In the kitchen.
Tonic will be fine.
Come on in.  How about a gin and tonic?
Dandridge is a condescending prick. Ride with me. It would be because I want you to.
Thanks, but I'll take the bus. I do it all the time.
Ride with me.
No, thanks. I manage very well.  I'll order you twelve hundred feet: of 1000 C tomorrow.
I'll take you.
It'll do fine.
The 1000 C Infrared Sensitive Film must be handled in total darkness. I keep the samples straight by touch code.  It's still easier to handle than a 1200 series. Think it'll do?
Let me stick this in the black hole.
In eight days.
When do you need it?
The activities of nocturnal animals.
What's being photographed?
Shooting at maybe eight feet. I can't use any lights.
Can you give me an idea of the conditions...
Put your back against the door. Come forward three steps until you feel the tile on your feet and there will be a stool just to your left.
Ms. McClain, I'm Francis Dollarhyde. I came about the low light level infrared film stock.
I want her! I want her alive...  I'm going to keep her! YOU HEAR ME!!!
YOU GIVE ME HER AND THE SHERMANS! YOU BETTER GIVE ME BOTH!
Shut up. Stop. Stop it.
SHE'LL FUCK OTHER PEOPLE. PRETTY PEOPLE. SHE'LL PUT IN HER MOUTH THEIR...
No!
THEY'LL MAKE YOU BE A PIECE OF SHIT AGAIN. THEY'LL MAKE YOU BE A HARELIP AGAIN. YOU BETTER GIVE ME WHAT I WANT!
No.
THEY WILL FIND OUT ABOUT YOU.  THEY WILL LOCK YOU IN A PLACE WORSE THAN BROTHER BUDDY'S.
Good.  We'll seal your promise with...
Absolutely,
You will tell the truth?
You'll let me go now?
You did very well.  I apologize for the crude images.  Next time I'll have film stock that doesn't need lights.
'I have had a great privilege. I have seen with wonder the strength of the Red Dragon. All I wrote about him before was lies from Will Graham. He made me write them. Now I understand.  'Will Graham: you will learn from my own lips how much you have to dread. Because I was forced to lie, he will be more merciful to me than to you.  'I will be a testament to the truth, now.  About his work. About his becoming.'
Now you will read this into the tape recorder.
No.
Are you queer, Mr. Lounds?
God, no.
Do you imply that I'm a queer?
Yes.
Are you a man?
Not me.
'No' what?
Please, no.
Do you see?
Oh, God.
Freddie Lounds. Your photograph. Do you see?
Yes.
Mrs. Jacobi after her changing.  The Dragon rampant. Do you see?
Yes.
Mrs. Leeds harlequined with blood, her husband beside her. Do you see?
Yes.
Do you see?
Yes.
Do you see?
Yes...
Look at the screen. That is William Blake's 'The Great Red Dragon and The Woman Clothed with the Sun.'  Do you see?
Mr. Lounds, you're a reporter.  You're here to titillate your readers. If you don't open your eyes, I'll staple your eyelids to your forehead.
No. I don't want to see you.
Open your eyes, Mr. Lounds.
In a little while I'll help you understand.
I don't know...
Do you believe God is in attendance here, Mr. Lounds?
Yes.
Do you pray to God, Mr. Lounds?
I'm very scared.
Do you feel privileged?
Yes.
According to you I'm a sexual failure. An animal, you said.  You know now, don't you?
I don't want to know.
Do you know who I am, Mr. Lounds?
Atoning, Mr. Lounds.
What am I doing here?
Let me lie down.  Listen, I want to call my office. My God, I'm in a Stryker frame.  My back's broken. Tell me the truth.
Burned? Burned. No. You just rest there. I'll be right back.
My back hurts, my skin. Did I get burned? I hope to God I'm not burned.
No, Mr. Lounds. You'll be just fine.
Was I in an accident?
Are you cold? Would you like a blanket?
No.
Put it down on my desk blotter and don't touch it again. Has anyone else handled it except you?
Yeah. It's right here.
Do you have it?
When we were cleaning out Dr. Lector's cell, he heard us coming and hid something in a book... We got him out of there and dug around...
Yes?
Dr. Chilton.
Come in.
Three, four hours.
How long can you keep Lecktor out without him getting suspicious?
In a holding cell.
It's written on toilet tissue.  'My dear Dr. Lecktor, I wanted to tell you I'm delighted that you've taken an interest in me. I know that you alone can understand what I'm becoming.  'I know you alone understand the reality of the people who die to help me in these things, understand that they are only elements undergoing change to fuel the radiance of what I am becoming.  Just as the source of light is burning.  Mr. Graham, there's a hole torn and punched out, then it says...  'I have a complete collection of your press notices.  I think of them as unfair. As unfair as mine. The "Tooth Fairy." What could be more inappropriate.  Investigator Graham interests me.  Very purposeful looking. I hope we can correspond.  There's another piece missing here. I'll read the bottom part.  'After I hear back from you, I might send you something wet.  Signed: Avid Fan.  It has teethmarks pressed in it at the bottom.
Can you read it to me?
Where did you get it?!
Well, it's about goddamn time!  I have a note here, or two pieces of a note, that appears to be from the man who killed those people in Atlanta and....
It's Will Graham...
Uh... sure...
I want to see Lecktor now.
When you saw Dr. Lecktor's murders, their 'style,' so to speak, were you able to reconstruct his fantasies? And did that help you identify him?
No.
The consensus around here is that the only person who has demonstrated any practical understanding of Dr. Hannibal Lecktor is you, Mr. Graham. Can you tell me anything about him?
As long as it's on soft paper.  You may...  Find this curious.
I might have to show him some material that could stimulate him.
Dr. Lecktor will stay in his room. That is absolutely the only place where he is not put in full body restraints. One wall of his room is a double barrier. I will have a chair put just outside.
Thank you very much.
3680 DeSoto Highway. Marathon, Florida.
Now I'll bet it has his home address there, too
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Tenth and Pennsylvania, Washington, D.C.
We're looking for Graham. The man the book is supposed to go to is a Mr. Will Graham.
Okay.
Well, zip that little pointer right on down to the letter G.
Yeah...
I'll bet she has a call caddy right next to her phone.
She doesn't have a Rolodex.
I have to catch Federal Express within about five minutes. I'd be immensely appreciative if you'd pull it out of her Rolodex for me.
She'll be in, in the morning...
Maybe you can help me. This is Bob Greer of Blaine & Edwards Publishing Company. Dr. Bloom asked me to send a copy of 'The Psychiatrist and the Law' to someone. Linda never sent me the address and phone number.
Linda doesn't come in nights.
Hi, Linda. ..
Linda King's desk.
Goodbye.
I don't want to do that,
Describe exactly what you think he did to Mrs. Leeds and I'll tell you if you're right or not.
He's white and six feet tall. You haven't told me anything yet.
That's true.
He's very strong physically.
Cut the general crap.
He's misunderstood.
Most people are.
He's right-handed.
I don't think I'll tell you.
Let's get straight who we've talking about.  Are you the man I'm interested in?
You tell me what you know about him. I'll tell you whether you're right or not.
Talk to them a few minutes and you can tell they don't have the capacity to even understand what's going on. Do you?
I get a lot of calls. Most of them are from people who say they know things.
Why do you think I called?
Do you know something about that?
Atlanta and Birmingham.
I don't understand.
No. I can help you.
This is Will Graham. Can I help you?
Did the Jacobis in Birmingham have a dog?
No.
Was the dog wearing a collar with the Leeds' name on it?
It's at the vet's. The kids brought it in with a puncture wound in the abdomen. icepick or an awl.
What about the dog?
I understand he cut you pretty good...
I call him a monster.
To yourself...
What would you call him?
Psychologists call him a sociopath. They don't know what else to call him.
What did the psychologists say was wrong with Lecktor?
One's on the respirator at a hospital in Baltimore. The other is in a private mental hospital in Denver.
What happened to them?
Nine that we know of. Two didn't die.
The Commissioner was saying you were the one that caught Dr. Lecktor three years ago.  He killed nine people, didn't he?
Sex murder: three. He likes to bite. Six bad ones in Mrs. Leeds.  Eight in Mrs. Jacobi...  ...that's all I have.
What's average?
That's all we know about.  Most of the time in sex assaults the bite mark has a livid spot in the center. A suck mark. These don't. So, for him, biting may be a fighting pattern as much as sexual behavior.  You could try emergency room personnel, treatment for bite wounds. I know that's pretty thin...  He bites a lot.
He only bit women so far, right?
He may have a history of biting -- barroom fights or child abuse.
Yes. 'Intimate.' They had privacy.  Everybody else was dead.
'Intimate? !"
Mrs. Leeds was a good-looking woman. I'd want to touch her skin in an intimate situation, wouldn't you?
Why do you think he took his gloves off?
The report didn't mention nails and eyes.
Our people swear he wore surgeons' gloves the whole time. They dusted everything.
You got a deal...
Let's forget who said what to whom...
Yeah. That's great. A little time.  I tell you what, buckaroo...  See you around.
Maybe we should give it some time...
Okay. They're full of shit and they make me sick...
That's not true.
They don't want me up there. Every time they look at me I remind them... If they thought about it, they'd want you. Bur all they really want's the boy. And they'll take you.  But they don't want to see me...
Will?  You could come up here.
Small difference: I'm not dead, yet.
I came up here after Kevin's father died.  They were very supportive and helped me adjust. I got myself together. I've gotten myself together now, too.
What's the problem, Molly?
It's what Kevin called her when he was little...
What's this Mama shit?
Will, they never get to see Kevin and a few more days...
Come home with me.
Mama has all Kevin's uncles and aunts coming down from Cheyenne next week and...
Today's Wednesday. By Friday I ought to...
I want to see you, too.
Not too bad. I'll be here a few days longer.  I want to see you.
Will? Are you okay?
Mama was probably asleep.
I was out in the garden. Mama came out and told me when she saw it on TV. Why didn't you call me?
Hello.
Will...
You should go to Montana. Stay with Kevin's grandparents. They haven't seen him for a while.  I'll come and get you afterwards...
William: you are going to make yourself sick or get yourself killed.
No. I have to be in there...  alone. Maybe there's something for me if I know how he feels and thinks.
Is Crawford going with you?
I have to go back to Birmingham.
What will you do?
Where we're at is nowhere. We have nothing. We're running out of time.
And... where are things?
No.
Can you quit?
I wanted it over fast.  It felt dirty to not tell you.
Then why?
No.
Have you ever omitted telling me. things before?
I'd like one of your cigarettes, please.
You haven't smoked in two years.
Can I have one of your cigarettes?
Yes. I said this is too good to live...
Do you remember what you said?
I remember.
You remember when we first met?  And were together alone in that room. And the exhilaration was too much to hold on to. And then something flickered across your face like a shadow and I asked you what was wrong?
Good for him.  Thanks a lot, Freddie!  Kevin. We're going grocery shopping.
He didn't know you had been in a mental institution. Be asked me if I knew. I said yes. I wanted to talk to him. He said he wanted to bring it up to you. Face to face.
You didn't do it to me, Will; it's happened to us.  And if I survive the wallpaper we'll be okay...  He's after you now, isn't he?
...sorry, Molly. I'm sorry this happened to you.
I love you...
Molly, dear Molly. Go to bed now, baby...
Hey, goddamn it, paint it shit-brown for all I care...  Look, I'm sorry. When I come home, we'll go to the paint store together and get some chips and...
Blue is cold.
Blue, then.
Yellow's a bad color for me.  I'll look green at breakfast.
Yeah. Ah... yellow, let's paint it yellow.
I'm thinking about painting the kitchen. What color do you like, Will? Are you there?
I have to see somebody.
To do what?
I don't know. I'm goin' up to Baltimore this afternoon.
Will you be in Atlanta for a while? I'm not buggin' you about coming home, I just wondered.
Eating junk food.  They don't have a lock on anything, Molly. There's not enough information. Or I haven't done enough with it...
Kevin's fine. He had to recover the turtle eggs you two fenced in. The dogs dug them up. Tell me what you're doing.
Let's keep it the day-to-day stuff.  How's Kevin?
Which part? That or the day-to-day.
Tell me about yourself.
Me, too. And very erotic...
None you'd notice. I'm lonely...
At the store. You doin' some good?
Hey, baby! Where are you?
Hello, hotshot!
Mmmmh... I love you, too, Will. Good night.
It's me. I'll call you tomorrow, sweetheart. Go back to sleep.  I love you...
Huh?  Will? Is that you?
Molly?
I don't care.  He'll never see me or know my name. If we find him, the police will have to take him down. Not me, I'm just looking at evidence.
Stay here with me. Me. Me. Me.  And Kevin.  That's selfish, huh?
If I were?
What you've already decided. You're not really asking.
What the hell can I do?
All the things that happened to you before make you know that...
We have it good, don't we?
You mended a crack in the wallpaper with your diploma.  You are open and easy now... It took you a lot of work to get to that...
I'm a forensic specialist, Molly. You've seen my diploma?  I got a diploma and everything.
I said you are fine, he should leave you the hell alone.
And you said?
He asked how you are.
What did he want?
He stopped by to see me at the shop before he came out here.
Tell her I called.
What's that?
I know... 'Out in the good air...'
My grandboy's been eatin' a ton of breakfast every day. Been out riding. Must be the good air. You oughta see that little booger eat.  I'll bet he's gained ten pounds.  Molly's out in the motor home...
Yes. Is Molly there?
You going back down to Florida after?
Sure he is. Blond.  Probably Scandinavian, too...
Well, how you doin', Mr. Graham?! You sure are in the center of a storm. Burning up lots of taxpayer's dollars, too, I bet.  On the news they said he was a white man. He isn't really, is he?
It's Will Graham. Is Molly there, Mr. Swenson?
Go on to the house...
Lt. Fisk said...
Go on to the house.
Meet point's up ahead!
Thanks.
There's a VTR setup waiting in your hotel room, that you asked for. They transferred the home movies of both families onto half-inch VHS.
That's right.
I'll come inside with you, if you like, but Mr. Crawford said you'd probably want to be alone.
Thanks for the lift.
I can't thank you enough, I...
No, I'm okay. I just wanted to...  ...stop by and...
We're fine. Fine. We're all well. We're okay!  That man, Crawford, called and... told me...  ...how 'bout a drink? Coffee or something?
Oh, Jesus... Come in.  Honey...!
My name's Will Graham. I...
Yes. Who are you?
Are you George Sherman?
What do you want?
You like that Colombian stuff, don't you?
Huh?
What kind of coffee do you like?
...yes.
And Hobbs died?
...after a while.
She got all right?
No.
Did the girl die?
Yes. Hobbs had one of his daughters from behind. He was cutting her. I shot him.
You went in the apartment?
With a knife.  I found a curly piece of metal in the clothes of one of the girls. The kind of shred a pipe threader makes. I was taking a look at steam fitters, plumbers. It took a long time. In one place there was a resignation letter from a man named Hobbs. I saw it and it was..., peculiar.  I was going up these stairs to Hobbs' apartment. I was halfway up when he shoved his wife down at me. She was dying.  I sent the officer with me to call a SWAT team. But I could hear kids in there and screaming. I couldn't wait.
How?
Hobbs was insane. He was attacking college girls and he killed them.
How did it happen?
No. It's just my job to find him.  I was in the hospital after Garrett Jacob Hobbs.
Are you gonna kill him?
We don't know that.
I told my dad before he died, I'd take care of Mom. And I'll do it.  This guy wants to kill you?
I was in the psychiatric wing. It bothers you, finding out I was in there... doesn't it?
I figured I'd ask you...
Yes.
Barry's mom had this newspaper. It said you killed the guy in Minnesota and were in a mental hospital. Is it true?
No. You're very well-protected.  No one can find our where you are.
Is there anything I need to know to see about Mom?
What is he? Afraid to leave you alone with me now?'  He read the Tattler piece, didn't he?
I'll hang around in here. I'll just be in the kitchen, Mom...
It's a precaution...  Why don't you run down to the bay. They got a swimming float.
Yeah, but not now... These will all make it... guaranteed.
Crabs would get most of the newborns before they made it to the sea, huh?
In this hatchery? Forty to fifty.
How many turtle eggs you think are in here?
Yeah...
Will it keep them out?
It feels good because: if you do as God does, enough times, you become as God is: powerful...
Why does it feel good?
You should, Will. God's terrific!  He dropped a church roof on thirty- four of His worshippers in Texas last Wednesday night. Just as they were groveling to Him and singing a hymn.  Don't you think that felt good?  He wouldn't begrudge you two measly murders.
I don't believe in God.
When you were so depressed after you shot Mr. Garrett Jacob Hobbs to death, it wasn't the act that got you down. Didn't you really feel so bad because killing him felt so good?  And why shouldn't it feel good?! It must feel good to God. God does it all the time!
Fight what?
I want to help you, Will. You'd be more comfortable if you relaxed with yourself. We don't invent our natures, They're issued to us.  Along with our lungs and pancreas and everything else. Why fight it?
I'm worn out with you crazy sons-of- bitches. If you've got something to say, Lecktor, say it.
You know Lounds's enlightened me on one thing: your confinement in the mental hospital. My attorney should have brought that our in court.
What do you want?
I wanted to congratulate you for the job you did on Mr. Lounds. I admired it enormously. What a cunning boy you are, Will.
Goodbye, Dr. Lecktor. You can leave messages for me at the number on the file.
Do you know how you caught me, Will?
No.
I'll study it, Will. When you get more files, I'd like to see them, too. You can call me. When I have to call my lawyer, they bring me a telephone. Would you like to give me your home number?
I haven't decided yet.
May I keep the file?
When you do have one I'd like to hear it.
I don't have one right now.
I want your opinion.
You came here to look at me, Will. To get the old scent again, didn't you?
Yes. I'd considered it.
It's not 'interesting'. You thought of it before.
That's interesting.
Because, my dear Will, if this Pilgrim imagines he has a relationship with the full moon, he might go outside and look at it.  Have you seen blood in moonlight, Will? It appears quite black. If one were nude, it would be better to have outdoor privacy for this sort of thing.
Big backyards, fences, some hedges, why?
What were the yards like?
You haven't threatened to take away my books yet.
Good-bye, Dr. Lecktor.
Do you dream much, Will?
No.
Let me have them, and I might consider it.
Yes.
Pictures?
Yes.
Do you have the file with you
I don't think I'll persuade you. You'll do it or you won't. Dr. Bloom is working an it anyway, and he's the best...
Don't think you can persuade me with appeals to my intellectual vanity.
You're very tan, Will.
You're insane.
What disadvantage?
You had disadvantages.
Then how did you catch me, Will?
No. I knew that I'm not smarter than you are.
Then by implication, you think that you are smarter than me, since you caught me.
I thought you might be curious to find our if you're smarter than the person I'm looking for.
Pray tell.
You'll get to see the file on this case. And there's another reason.
Chilton? Gruesome, isn't he? He fumbles at your head like a freshman pulling at a panty girdle.  He actually tries to give me a Thematic and Apperception test. Hah. Sat there waiting for MF-13 to come up. It's a card with a woman in bed and a man in the foreground.  I was supposed to avoid a sexual interpretation. I laughed in his face.  Never mind, it's boring.
There are things you don't have. Research materials... I could speak to the Chief of Staff...?
Why should I tell you?
I thought you would have some ideas.
In the papers. I don't tear out the articles.  I wouldn't want them to think I was dwelling on anything morbid. You want to know how he's choosing them, don't you?
You read about it, I'm sure.
Yes.
It's about Atlanta and Birmingham.
Yes, I thought so.
I want you to help me, Dr. Lecktor.
It doesn't matter to me, Will.
It's in the transcript. What does it matter now?
No it's not. Do you know how you did it Will?
You've read the transcript. It's all there.
A layman..., layman. Interesting term. So many experts on government grants. And you say you're a 'layman?' But it was you who caught me, wasn't it, Will? Do you know how you did it'
Very interesting, even to a layman.
And?
Dr. Bloom showed me your article on surgical addiction in the journal of Clinical Psychiatry.
Of course, you don't.  I'm glad you came. My callers are all professional. Clinical psychiatrists from cornfield colleges somewhere. Second-raters, the lot.
No.
Emotional problems, I hear. He was a very promising young officer. Do you ever have any problems, Will?
Stuart is fine.
And how is Officer Stuart? The one who was the first to see my basement.
I got it. Thank you.
Did you get my card?
I keep getting it for Christmas.
That's the same atrocious aftershave you wore in court three years ago.
Let's walk the route.
You got it.
Because he's gone for the head shot seven out of eight times'
I hope you have a second chance...
Kevlar Second Chance.
...commercially prohibited.  Number Twelve shot in liquid Teflon in a copper casing. On impact it all opens up in the target. Expect the recoil. They're hot loads.  Body armor?
Glaser Safety Slugs?
Good. You'll load these, Ever fire them?
Yes.
I'm gonna spray your suit jackets. It'll be invisible in this light, but you'll stand out like a zebra for us.  They told me you checked out a .44 Charter Arms Bulldog.
Pretty well.
...if he's smart he'll approach from the front, pass, and take you from the back. How well do you hear?
Yeah!  He's a psychic surgeon in the Philippines, and he's amazing!  He rubs you and sucks the disease right out!
Really?
Ehhh, you know those guys.  If he had his way, I'd be stuck in the hospital, running tests all day.  And anyway, I've found a new guy who's gonna be able to instantly remove the cancer.
Did your -- doctor say it's okay for you to go back to work?
Yeah...
My hair is coming out.
You've got good days and bad days.
I can't move my arm.
Then he'll borrow it.  I know Tony better than you do.  Even if he has to work another ten years to pay it off, he'll do it!
You know Tony doesn't have that kind of money.
Tony Clifton.
So who's gonna pay for it?
I don't care about the money.  I just want the show to deliver.
No clubs.  I wanna reach the TOP!  Carnegie Hall...!
Do you wanna tour the clubs?
I wanna go back to work and put on a happy show.  The best show anybody's ever seen!
So how can I help you...?
Y-yeah?  Well, then it has to stop! Because if these bad vibes get out... then everyone will be talkin' about how sick I am, and it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy, and then -- I'm dead.
Andy, you're surrounded by what you create.  You are the KING of negative energy.
Of course!  But that doesn't mean I don't need everyone's support!  I can't be surrounded by negative energy.
You must take a little pleasure in it.
It's visualization therapy.  He's helping me turn inward and fight the disease.
What was that all about?
I -- I got some freaky rare kind. It's called large-celled carcinoma.
That's ridiculous.  You don't even smoke.
No, it's true.  I have lung cancer.
Andy, they don't think you suck. They've just... lost a reason to love you.
The world thinks Andy Kaufman sucks. So I was just giving 'em what they want...
Andy... it's me.  I've got some crummy news.  Taxi's been canceled.
Hey!  Our first phone call!  Hello?
Andy!  You don't get it!  They don't want you back.
Maybe I can turn it into a bit.  I can go back on the show, and say it was rigged.  Demand a recount...
You're BLIND!  There is no envelope anymore!!  It hurts me to say this... but there's only one solution --  I don't want you two to ever work together again.
We were just trying to push the envelope --
He is the Southern Heavyweight Champion.  He'll kill you.  First, you piss-off women.  Then you piss-off the South.  Then you get killed!  And I did the bookings.
What, you don't think I can beat him?
Andy, do you realize you don't do comedy anymore?  Where's that sweet guy who used to do  "Here I come to save the day!"?  Please, enough with the wrestling! You've lost touch with reality!
That's because they've only seen it once.  But I'll do it again, and again, and AGAIN...  They'll catch on!
WRONG!  You haven't given them any clues that it's a parody!
They're having a laugh...
No, I'm not gonna take it.  If I take it I'll break my back.
That means it was a success.  I woke up the audience -- like punk rock!  Here, take this.
But I feel you're extending this philosophy to real life.  It's obsessive.  Nothing's ever on the level anymore.
George... I'm at a stage where the audience expects me to constantly shock them.  But short of faking my death, or setting the theater on fire, I don't know what else to do.  'Cause I've always got to be one step ahead of them.
"Funny"?  I dunno.  But "intriguing"... "mindboggling"... perhaps "headache-inducing"... sure.  Like, that moment, when you both came onstage...
But wasn't it funny?
You're so proud.  You're like some retarded kid comin' home from school: "Look, Dad, I got an F!"
There'll be other shots.
Oh dear!  George, this is gonna kill Tony. He's waited his whole life for this break.
Oh no!  Did he get hurt?
I'm here with Ed over at Taxi. There's been some trouble with Tony.
Oh, you know the Bay Area!  Always foggy!
Hi, Andy.  How's the weather up there?
Hi, George!  Good to hear from you!
I don't know!  Andy... you need to look inside: Who are you trying to entertain?  The audience... or yourself?
How long would they let me sleep?
And that's great.  But do it in LA and New York!  There you experiment! Show up with a sleeping bag and take a nap on stage!  I don't care!
But George, I like to push the boundaries...
When you play the Midwest and South, you DON'T MINDFUCK THESE PEOPLE! It's not postmodern -- it's rude.  If you wanna perform in Texas, you give 'em Mighty Mouse!  You give 'em Elvis!!
You're DAMN RIGHT you're sorry!  And you -- you're the road manager! You should be watchin' out for him!
I'm sorry, George...
Okay... I'll go back.  But just let them know, first they ain't gettin' Latka.  They're gettin' Tony!
You signed for five years --  So four years, seven months.
Yeah, we can have a garage sale. "Hey look, I got a floor lamp and a network TV Special for only fifty cents!"
Tell you what.  I'll book you on some concerts, and meanwhile, we'll show the Special around... see if somebody wants to buy it --
The ONLY reason I did Taxi was so I could have my own Special!
Look, I'm sorry.  They're assholes! But we work in a creative business. You can't predict what people are gonna like --
What's up?
Andy!
That's alright.  Where...?
Of course.  But only on Monday nights.
Eh, hi, Andy.  Look, this Tony Clifton... is he performing anywhere?
Hi George!
Andy?
He's a Vegas entertainer.  I used to do impressions of him.  We sorta... got in a fight over that.
They're IMPOSSIBLE!!  Jesus!  I mean -- "two guaranteed guest shots for Tony Clifton"??!  Who is this TONY CLIFTON?!
Those are my terms.
Are you makin' fun of me --?  This is RIDICULOUS!
Of course!  That's what negotiations are for.
Okay.  Fine, I'll do it.  But I have a few terms.
LISTEN, you arrogant putz!  I've been in this business for twenty years!  I know!  If you walk away from this opportunity, you will never, NEVER see another one like it again!!!!
I refuse.
You have to do it.
I'm not interested.  I want to create my own material.
B-but, this is classy... they did Bob Newha--
I told you, I'm not a comedian.  And sitcoms are the lowest form of entertainment: Stupid jokes and canned laughter.
Andy... this is every comedian's dream.
No to the whole thing.  None of it sounds good.
"No"?  "No" to which part??
No.
HANG ON, you ain't heard the best part!  ABC has seen your foreign man character, and they want to turn him into --  "Latka," a lovable, goofy mechanic!!!
George, I hate sitcoms.
I'm -- Fonzie? GEORGE NO!  The Fonzie!  The crazy breakout character!  The guy that all the kids impersonate and put on their lunchboxes!
And this is a CLASS ACT!  It's the guys who did the Mary Tyler Moore and Bob Newhart shows!  It takes place in a taxi stand!  And you're gonna be the Fonzie!
Sitcom...?
That's... terrific!  But I got something better.  This is BIG...  You are getting a once-in-a- lifetime, unbelievably lucrative opportunity to star on... a PRIMETIME NETWORK SITCOM!!!!
The stewardess let me keep my headphones.
Andy, c'mon IN!  Thanks for flyin' out here!!
I've always wanted to play Carnegie Hall.
You show a lot of promise... but... my concern is I don't know where to book you.  You're not a stand-up... your act doesn't exactly translate to films... help me... where do you see yourself?
I'm not a comedian.  I have no talent.  I'm a song-and-dance man.
People love... comedians.
It's a veddy small island in de Caspian Sea.  It sunk. GEORGE Oh.  Hm.  I'm uh, sorry.  Well, look, I'm probably out of my mind -- but I think you're very interesting.  If you ever need representation... we should talk.
Caspiar?  I haven't heard of that.
No.  Caspiar.
So I understand you're from Lithuania?
Tank you veddy much.
Hey, I really enjoyed your set.
Well, everyone else gets this place cookin'!  Pal, it's hard for me to move the booze when you're singin' "Pop Goes The Weasel."
I don't swear.  I -- I don't do what everyone else does!
Sure!  Comedy!  Make jokes about the traffic.  Do impressions.  Maybe a little blue material...
What do you want?  "Take my wife, please"??
Look -- I don't wanna seem insulting.  But... your act is like amateur hour: Singalongs... puppets... playing records...
You're firing me??  You don't even pay me!
Eh, I dunno... Andy.  I'm... thinkin' of letting you go...
So, Mr. Besserman, same slot tomorrow...?
But that's it.  I needed you to believe!  Our family will be in the newspapers.  People will look, and they'll be touched.  Because your emotions were honest!
Andrew -- HOW DARE YOU!!  For all we knew, you were DYING!  Look at your mother -- she's still shaking!
Nah, it's phony baloney -- I faked the whole thing.  It didn't hurt at all.  It was just a yoga move.  I tucked my head in.
B-but... we saw... your neck...
Nah, it's phony baloney -- I faked the whole thing.  It didn't hurt at all.  It was just a yoga move.  I tucked my head in.
B-but... we saw... your neck...
No!  That is NOT an audience!  That is PLASTER!  An audience is people made of flesh!  They -- live and breathe!  Got it?!
B-but I have them.
You know that's not what I meant! Look, I'm gonna put my foot down! No more playing alone.  You wanna perform, you GOTTA have an audience!
But I've got a sports show. Championship wrestling, at five.
Oh!
Andy!
Maybe I should talk to the natives.  Shoom boom boo ba!  Shoom boom boo ba --
These kinds of things go on everyday at the networks, only you never see it, because they cut to commercials.  Now for sure they're gonna fire me, so if you want to see me again, you'll have to come to Memphis...
Cue the commercial!
Okay, great!  So let's reset!
Right...
Deal.
Ten.
Twenty!
Five.
But it's only for thirty seconds!
Andy... uhh... this network has a long-standing policy: The viewer must be able to see the program.
But it's funny!  It's a practical joke.  They'll get frustrated!
Andy... we don't want the viewer to get out of their chair.  They might change the channel.
I've never understood that.  It's just... getting dark.  But I like you!  Hey!  Why don't we fill the car with gas, drive to Tijuana, and GET MARRIED???
I mean -- uh -- the colors in the sky are so vibrant.  I love this time of day.
What do you mean?
I don't wanna talk about it!
No no no, it's not sex!  I mean -- it can lead to sex... but really, it's just wrestling.
What are you talking about?!  We just met an hour ago.
Do you wanna wrestle?  It's a good way of breaking the ice.  That instant physical intimacy really brings two people together.
Excuse me -- ?
Okay.  You're probably right.
You're NOT DYING!
Even if I'm dying -- I still need clean socks.
How can you be so casual??!
No, NO!  Not yet.  I feel bad -- I've jerked 'em around so many times.
Have you told your family?
They don't know... they've gotta run more tests.
Jesus, Andy!  Can they cure it?
Andy... there is no real you.
You don't know the real me.
Andy, you're not horrible.  You're just... complicated.
I don't deserve Haagen Daz.  I'm a horrible person.
I brought you Haagen Dazs. Chocolate.
Oh, it's open.
It's me.
Go away.
I-I'm sorry.  I got caught up in the action...!
Then stop treating me like a fucking prop.
I can shtop whenever I want...
Is this an act -- or are you addicted to causing trouble??
No!  YOU get in the kitchen.  I'm gonna make you dry my dishes!
Ooo, the little lady's upset.  Well I say -- get back in the kitchen!
If you want...
And all this will be for real?
Because Memphis is the wrestling capital of the world!  I'll go in the ring, and I'll announce that I will shave my head and marry any woman who beats me!  Then you'll come up, we'll wrestle and I'll let you win!  Then you'll scalp me, and we'll get married on Letterman, like Tiny Tim did on Carson... right there on the show!  What do you say???
Why Memphis?
Yes.
Do I wanna go to Memphis and get married?
Do you wanna to go to Memphis and get married?
I'm here, ain't I?
Oh!  Uh, I hope I didn't offend you.
You were impressed with something. It's pretty odd when a man sports a hard-on that large on national television.
Gosh.  Gee, Lynne... I was just so impressed with your wrestling moves.
Why did you call me?  The last person I ever expected to get a call from was you.
Hey, I love movie theater popcorn... but that doesn't mean I have to sit through "On Golden Pond."
Andy, the theater's that way!
I really want one.  One large tub of popcorn, please, extra butter.
No thanks.
Popcorn?
No, I'm sure we'll be fine.
Hi... am I late?
Hi...
Gosh.  Gee, Lynne... I was just so impressed with your wrestling moves. EXT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
Why did you call me?  The last person I ever expected to get a call from was you.
Hey, I love movie theater popcorn... but that doesn't mean I have to sit through "On Golden Pond."
Andy, the theater's that way!
I really want one.  One large tub of popcorn, please, extra butter.
No thanks.
Popcorn?
No, I'm sure we'll be fine.
Hi... am I late?
Hi...
Oh.  So you were just pretending to be an asshole.
Hey, I hope you didn't take that stuff I said seriously.  It was just part of the show!  It's like the old days, when a carnival barker would try to rile up the crowd.
Buzz off.  Go patronize somebody else.
Gosh, you scored!  Look at all those goodies!
DON'T TOUCH ME!
GET OFF!
I said I didn't want to do the sketch.
Go to commercial, man!  Get off the stage!
But I don't do drugs!  And I don't enjoy making light of them!  I was promised creative control!
Don't worry!  The kids will love it --
You're not listening to me --
Andy, it'll be fine!  It's what we're known for!  "Maui?  "Wowie!"
I'm not comfortable with the last sketch.  I DON'T do drug humor!
And you're just poor white trash!
Then your father's a wimp.
My father said I should've gotten a lawyer --!
You're a wimp.
T-there wasn't a reason to purposely hurt me --
And you're just poor white trash!
Then your father's a wimp.
My father said I should've gotten a lawyer --!
You're a wimp.
T-there wasn't a reason to purposely hurt me --
No!  NO NO NO!  None of that!  I want this show to be positive!
And you say, "Santa, what am I gettin' for Christmas?"  And he says, "Cancer!"
Well, call SAG.  It'd be cool to get one on the show.  I want the evening to build and build.  It's gonna have the most incredible ending: Singers, dancers, the "Hallelujah Chorus" -- then the sky opens, and Santa Claus comes flying down!
I dunno.  If they were, they'd be pushin' 80.
This is great.  The crowd's gonna love this!  Hey... do you still think any of those cowgirls are still alive?
Yeah, exactly -- "was"!  But now, you're creatively bankrupt.  In fact, Ladies and Gentlemen, Kaufman's so desperate, he PAID me to do this tonight!!  I'm a plant. It's just a fresh coat of paint on an old broken-down routine.  Isn't that true???
I was very original!
Who gives a shit?!  It's not funny!
Hey -- that stuff gets written-up in the papers --
Sure, because your new stuff's a bunch of crap.  Kaufman, people are sick of you.  The wrestling... the hoaxes...
I, I was asked to do this material - -
Yeah, my problem is you're tired.
Sir, do you have a problem?
It's working for Elvis.
It's a rave!  Boy, if I ever fake my death, they'll really miss me.
"... has been rushed to a nearby hospital, where doctors are checking him for possible paralysis.  His parents are at his bedside.  Fans will best remember Kaufman as lovable Latka on television's Taxi"...
No offense, pal, but I just don't think you're built for it.  These he- men'll kick your ass!!  They're huge!
You know, I always wanted to be a bad-guy wrestler...
What is this, World War Two...?
Look at this!  An evil Russian! Ooo, here's an evil Nazi -- he likes to fight dirty!  Hey, here's an evil Japanese guy!
Boy, they totally fell for it!  I'm only acting crazy!
"Was this in actuality Andy Kaufman? And if it was Andy Kaufman, is Andy Kaufman crazy?"
Nah.  The girls sponge off between johns.
It's so dirty.
She'll say, "Now my son is a man."
I dunno about this...  What will my mother think?
They're asking for it.
No!  Andy, don't do it --
Give me the book.
Absolutely nothing!  That's the beauty!  It's credibility.  You make them love you... and then later, on your special, you'll screw with their heads!
So?  What do they know?
Are you nuts?!  40 million people watch you every week!
Each show is worse than the next.
What?!?
I'm gonna quit.
Oh George, this is Bob Zmuda.  Bob and I have been buddies for years.
Hey Andy, good show.
Andy, don't raise your voice.  We don't wish your presence here.
So HELP ME!  All I wanna do is MEDITATE!!
It is apparently not working.
Please!  You've GOT to let me take the classes!  It's how I keep myself BALANCED!!
The wrestling... the sexist remarks... the foul language... these things are not becoming of an enlightened individual.  It seems you have no respect for anything.
"Philosophically"?
Yes -- we do not doubt your devotion to TM.  But we feel that perhaps... you and the program have grown apart philosophically.
Why??  I... I attend every year.
This is very difficult for me to say... but -- perhaps it would be best if you didn't attend the retreat.
Yes, your Holiness?
Excuse me, Andy...
We are all impressed.
I stopped drinking.  I gave up drugs.  And I'm meditating three hours a day.  It's the center of my life...
Goals are important.
Um, yes.  I haven't fought with them, since I started here.
Are you at peace with your family?
Doctor, I think I need a neck brace.
It's probably just a strained muscle.
But my neck hurts... and I have a slight cough...
Positive.
Are you sure?
I don't see any injury to your neck, Mr. Kaufman.
Sure it is.  Tony called me himself. He yelled at me, insisting that his dressing room be bigger than Andy's. They're both going on tonight, believe me!
Yeah, I KNOW what I said!  But -- trust me, it's not gonna happen!
Why's that?  You said over and over and over, Tony Clifton is not Andy Kaufman --
Gene, you misunderstood!!  You're not getting BOTH of them!  It's physically impossible!
I'll take my chances!!
No, I'm serious.  If you book Tony, do NOT EXPECT TO GET ANDY.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I know!  Wink wink!  Nudge nudge!
Look -- I gotta be clear with you. Tony Clifton is NOT Andy Kaufman.
Eh, sure.  We're trying to expand our audience base -- and I know the college kids really love Andy Kaufman.
Really?!  You want Tony Clifton to headline Harrah's Tahoe??
Oh.
Ehh -- Andy doesn't really like playing casinos.  The audiences don't work well for him.
I GOT A CONTRACT!!  I'm gonna take you to the DEPARTMENT OF LABOR!
Get off my stage!  You're fired!
I don't know nothin' about no Kaufman.  He's been ridin' my coattails, smearing my reputation. Been usin' my good name, to get places.
Yeah!!  I talked to Andy Kaufman!
I don't know what yer talkin' about. You musta talked to someone else --
We had a deal!!
Andy, I'm calling you up like this because I have the utmost respect for your artistry.  But -- I need your permission to fire him.
"Burlesque"?
Kaufman's a lying bastard!  If you sign him, I'll RUIN YOU!
Look... I don't know what your problem is...
Who is this? TONY CLIFTON  You -- you know damn straight who it is.  Tony Clifton!  A name to respect.  A name to fear.  Beer.  Gear.  Deer.  Ear.
Yeah!  You stay away from that Andy Kaufman, if you know what's good for you!
Can I help you with something?
"Speaking"!  Reeking, seeking, creaking... Freaking!
Er, yes.  Speaking.
Uh, yeah.  Is this GEORGE SHAPIRO?
Yeah.  They don't know whether to be sad, or angry.
It's a perfect Kaufman audience.
What are ya TALKIN' ABOUT?!  I was the one saying I didn't believe it!
If I find out you're behind this, I'll kill you.
FORGET IT.  It's in terrible taste! I want nothing to do with this.
Hey, that's good!  We can make that play.  And we'll really drag it out.  You get better, you get worse... you die...
I used to think you were original.
Why...?  Andy, why...?
Wow, you can't BUY this kind of publicity!
Yeah, he's just laying low, waitin' for his comeback.  God, listen to this!  "It was morally wrong to take advantage of such an unstable individual..."
But what's the POINT?  How will any of this make you the biggest star in the world?
Sure!  But WE think it's kickass! Now I get to be Tony.  I get to dump the glass of water on someone else's head!
So you've got this big elaborate joke, which is really only funny to two people in the universe.  You... and you.
Bob, Andy needs to RELAX.  See if you can get him away from all this. Take him to Hawaii, or Bali... Find something special.  Something nice...
Isn't Tony Clifton going on Taxi soon?  Maybe that'll chill him out.
I'm worried about Andy.  His stress level is affecting his work.
Don't believe everything you hear.
So your name's not Gorsky.
That was a really hot house!
Why isn't he MOVING??
JESUS CHRIST!!!!!
They're gonna lynch him!
Why is he saying these things?!
Who knows?!  That kid is totally meshuga.
What's in Memphis?
He said he's coming back!
Hmph!  They sure didn't give Andy much to do.
There!
Where?
I saw Michael!
Of course he's in his room.  All his "friends" are in there.
Is he in his room?
See, that's EXACTLY what I'm talkin' about!  Here!  I'LL give you a little humor!
A -- a tourist.
SHUT UP!  I hate them Polish jokes!
It's my name.
Are you tryin' to do some of that Polack humor?  Well if that's so, you can just get the hell out of this restaurant!
Yes.
"Gorsky"?  What is that, Polish?
Bob Gorsky.
"Bob"?  BOB!  Bob bob bob.  Bob what?
Bob.
What's your name?
Sure...
Know what?
You don't know.
We have no choice but to continue as planned.  Deploy the sentinels. Immediately.
They are dead.  In either case --
It's already begun.
We'll need a search running.
Their next target.  The name is Neo.
Expect it.  Did you get anything from the room?
He'll be contacting us again.
Does that surprise you?  It was inevitable.
Then the informant is real.
You all look the same to me.
Smith.  I am Agent Smith.
And you are?
The great Morpheus.  We meet at last.
They won't make it.
Hurry!
The sewers.  Of course.
No, Lieutenant, your men are already dead.
I sent two units.  They're bringing her down now.
The orders were for your protection.
I'm just doing my job.  You gimme that Juris-my-dick-tion and you can cram it up your ass.
Lieutenant, you were given specific orders --
Oh shit.
Lieutenant?
Oh, God.
What?!
Should Tank I.D. it?
That's the third white van I've seen.
What?
Weird.
No way.  Not possible.
He's gonna make it.
All the time.  It's called mescaline and it is the only way to fly.
You ever have the feeling that you're not sure if you're awake or still dreaming?
I don't know... My computer...
Something wrong, man?  You look a little whiter than usual.
Right...
I know, I know.  This never happened.  You don't exist.
If you get caught using that --
Hallelujah!  You are my savior, man! My own personal Jesus Christ!
Two grand.
You got the money?
I know.  It's her fault.
You're two hours late.
It's Choi.
Who is it?
No!
... yes.
Don't hate me, Trinity.  I'm just the messenger.  And right now I'm going to prove it to you.
Goddamn you, Cypher!
That's what you think.  They've promised to back me, Trinity. They're going to reinsert my body. I'll go back to sleep and when I wake up, I'll be fat and rich and I won't remember a goddamn thing. It's the American dream.
But you're out, Cypher.  You can't go back.
Oh, I disagree, Trinity.  I disagree.  I think the Matrix is more real than this world.  I mean, all I do is pull a plug here.  But there, you watch a man die.
The Matrix isn't real!
Yes.  You see, the truth is, Trinity, that we humans have a place in the future.  But it's not here. It's in the Matrix.
My God.  Morpheus.  You gave them Morpheus.
I'm tired, Trinity.  I'm tired of this war, I'm tired of fighting. I'm tired of this ship, of being cold, of eating the same fucking goop every day.  But most of all, I'm tired of this jagoff and all of his bullshit.
You killed them.
You are a beautiful woman.  Too bad things had to work out like this.
An accident?!
He had an accident.
Cypher?  Where's Tank?
Hello, Trinity.
Morpheus will take him when he's ready.
I just keep wondering if Morpheus is so sure, why doesn't he take him to the Oracle?  She would know.
Don't tell me you're a believer now?
There's something about him, isn't there?
Yeah, 'course I'm sure.
Are you sure this line is clean?
Hear what?
Did you hear that?
I intend to, believe me.  Someone has to.
If you have something to say, I suggest you say it to Morpheus.
You don't, do you?
I... it doesn't matter what I believe.
Do you?
Morpheus believes he is the One.
We're going to kill him.  Do you understand that?  He's going to die just like the others.
Don't be ridiculous.
I know but I felt like taking a shift.
You weren't supposed to relieve me.
Any time.
Thanks... for the drink.
Honestly.  Morpheus.  He got them all amped up believing in bullshit. I watched each of them take on an agent and I watched each of them die.  Little piece of advice:  you see an agent, you do what we do; run.  Run your ass off.
How?
Dead.  All dead.
What happened to them?
Five.  Since I've been here.
How many were there?
You bet your ass.  It keeps him going.  Maybe it keeps all of us going.
Really?
I'm going to let you in on a little secret here.  Now don't tell him I told you this, but this ain't the first time Morpheus thought he found the One.
Gee-zus!  What a mindfuck.  You're here to save the world.  You gotta be shitting me.  What do you say to something like that?
... Yeah.
Why you're here?
Have to.  The image translators sort of work for the construct programs but there's way too much information to decode the Matrix.  You get used to it, though.  Your brain does the translating.  I don't even see the code.  All I see is blonde, brunette, and redhead.  You want a drink?
Do you always look at it encoded?
The Matrix?  Yeah.
Is that...?
Midnight watch.
What are you doing?
No, it's all right.
Sorry.
Whoa!  Shit, Neo, you scared the Bejeezus out of me.
He's going to pop!
I don't believe it!  I don't believe it!
Nearest exit is Franklin and Erie. An old appliance store.
Just get me outta here.
I got you.
There was an accident.  A fucking car accident.  All of a sudden. Boom.  Jesus, someone's going to make a believer out of me.
Cypher?
I need an exit!  Fast!
Operator.
I know, Trinity.  Don't worry.  He's going to make it.
You can't use that until Neo is out!
Five minutes.  Maybe six.
How long?
He's beginning to believe.
What is he doing?
We have no choice.
They'll be able to track it.
Give me your phone.
What if he isn't the One, Morpheus? How can you be so sure?
We found him, Trinity.  We finally found him.
Shit!  Apoc?
I got a fibrillation!
Go.
All right --
You have to focus.  There is a phone.  Wells and Lake.  You can make it.
Goddamnit!
Yes.
Are they any agent?
I know.  They cut the hardline. This line is not a viable exit.
She told you exactly what you needed to hear.  That's all.  Sooner or later, Neo, you're going to realize just like I did the difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
Morpheus, the Oracle... she told me --
Trinity!  Go!  Get to the basement. Find the catch basin!
No.  No!  Morpheus!  Don't!
I know.  That is why it is so important for you to go.  Please, Neo, I'm asking you to find whatever respect you may have for me and trust me.
Morpheus, I don't know --
Listen to me, Neo.  I know why you're afraid to go through that door.  You can't get free of thinking that I could be wrong.  You must believe me.  There is a greatness inside of you, Neo.  A greatness that is going to lift you to unimaginable heights and that in time will change the world.
No.  I did not.  I have never told anyone this, Neo.  After I saw the Oracle I thought... no, I misunderstood what she told me.  I believed that it was all about me. That I would find the One, not that he would find me.
Did you believe in them too?
Yeah?  What about the other five guys?  The five before me?  What about them?
Yes I do.
And you still believe I'm the One?
Faith is beyond the reach of whys and why nots.  These things are not a matter of cause and effect, Neo. I do not believe things with my mind.  I believe them with my heart. In my gut.
Why?  So I can hear some old lady tell me, what?  That I'm this guy that everybody's been waiting for? The one that's supposed to save the world?  Come on.  How do I respond to that?  I can't.  It's ridiculous. I mean who am I?  I'm nobody, I'm just a guy.  What did I do, Morpheus?  Why me?
That's why we're here.
What do I believe it?  Are you kidding me?  What do you think?  I'm still trying to deal with the fact that everything I believed was real, wasn't.  The whole world, my entire life was a lie.  I don't know anything anymore, Morpheus.
What do you believe in?
I told you I don't believe in this stuff.  No matter what she says I'm not going to believe it, so what's the point?
Why?
Morpheus, I don't think this is a good idea.
That I would find the One.
What did she tell you?
Yes.
She helped you?
Don't think of it in terms of right and wrong.  She is a guide, Neo. She can help you find the path.
And she's never wrong.
She is a true psychic.  She sees beyond the relativity of time.  For her there is no past, present or future.  There is only what is.
How does she know?
She would say she knows enough.
And she knows what?  Everything?
Of the Resistance.
The beginning?
Yes.  She's very old.  She's been with us since the beginning.
So is this the same oracle that made the, uh, prophecy?
What's going on?
Set down in there.
No, Neo.  I'm trying to tell you that when you're ready, you won't have to.
What?  Are you trying to tell me that I can dodge bullets?
I've seen an agent punch through a concrete wall.  Men have emptied entire clips at them and hit noting but air.  Yet as powerful as they are, their speed and strength are but tethers to the rules of an unreal world.  Because of this, they will never be as strong or as fast as you can be.
How?
Every attempt to fight them has ended in failure.  Only a handful of men and women have ever crossed an agent and lived because they are everyone and they are no one. Unkillable.  But now I believe that is going to change.
Look again.
Yeah.
No you don't.  Did you see the woman in the red dress?
I think I do.
Do you understand, Neo?
What -- what lesson?
This is another Matrix simulation. A training program to help you get your sea legs and teach you one very important lesson.
The body cannot live without the mind.
If you are killed in the Matrix, you die here?
Your mind makes it real.
I thought it wasn't real.
Because... I didn't think I would?
Do you know why you didn't make it?
I'm trying to free your mind, Neo, but all I can do is show you the door.  You're the one that has to step through.  Tank, load the jump program.
I know what you're trying to do --
Do you think my being faster, stronger has anything to do with my muscles in this place?
You -- you're too fast.
How did I beat you?
Show me.
This is incredible.  I know kung fu.
Your training.
For what?
Get some rest.  You're going to need it.
I didn't say that it would be easy, Neo.  I just said that it would be the truth.
No!  I don't believe it!  It's not possible!
Yes.  A singular consciousness that spawned an entire race of machines. I must say I find it almost funny to imagine the world slapping itself on the back, toasting the new age.  I say almost funny.
A.I.?  You mean artificial intelligence?
We have only bits and pieces of information.  What we know for certain is that, at some point in the early Twenty-first Century, all of mankind was united in celebration.  Through the blinding inebriation of hubris, we marveled at our magnificence as we gave birth to A.I.
What is real?  How do you define real?  If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
This isn't real?
Wild, isn't it?
Right now, we're inside a computer program?
You believe the year is 1997 when in fact it is much closer to 2197.  I can't say for certain what year it is because we honestly do not know.
When?
More important than what is when?
Morpheus, what's happened to me? What is this place?
You've never used them before.
Why do my eyes hurt?
Your muscles have atrophied.  We're rebuilding them.
What are you doing?
Far from it.
... am I dead?
Be what?  Be real?
This can't be...
Have you ever had a dream, Neo, that you were so sure was real?
What does that mean?
The pill you took is part of a trace program.  It's designed to disrupt your input/output carrier signal so we can pinpoint your location.
That you are a slave, Neo.  Like everyone else, you were born into bondage, kept inside a prison that you cannot smell, taste, or touch. A prison for your mind.
What truth?
The Matrix is everywhere, it's all around us, here even in this room. You can see it out your window or on your television.  You feel it when you go to work, or go to church or pay your taxes.  It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
Do you want to know what it is?
The Matrix?
Let me tell you why you are here. You have come because you know something.  What you know you can't explain but you feel it.  You've felt it your whole life, felt that something is wrong with the world. You don't know what, but it's there like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad.  It is this feeling that brought you to me.  Do you know what I'm talking about?
I know exactly what you mean.
Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life.
Why not?
No.
Yes.  Thank you.  But I think we both know there's more to it than that.  Do you believe in fate, Neo?
You're Morpheus, you're a legend. Most hackers would die to meet you.
Ironically, this is not far from the truth.  But I'm getting ahead of myself.  Can you tell me, Neo, why are you here?
I can see it in your eyes.  You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he is expecting to wake up.
You could say that.
I imagine, right now, you must be feeling a bit like Alice, tumbling down the rabbit hole?
Please.  Come.  Sit.
It's an honor.
Welcome, Neo.  As you no doubt have guessed, I am Morpheus.
Go the the Adams Street bridge.
... Yes.
Do you still want to meet?
You're the One, Neo.  You see, you may have spent the last few years looking for me, but I've spent most of my life looking for you.
What do you know?
They got to you first, but they've underestimated how important you are.  If they knew what I know, you would probably be dead.
The agents --
This line is tapped so I must be brief.
There are only two ways out of this building.  One is that scaffold. The other is in their custody.  You take a chance either way.  I leave it to you.
No way, no way, this is crazy.
There's a small ledge.  It's a short climb.  You can make it.
No!  It's too far away.
How do you know all this?
Good.  Now there is a window.  Open it.
Go!  Now!
But what if...?
The cubicle across from you is empty.
I can guide you out, but you have to do exactly what I say.
How?!
I'm not sure, but if you don't want to find out, you better get out of there.
What the fuck do they want with me?!
Yes.
Holy fucking shit!
Yes.  Now.
Right now?
Stand up and see for yourself.
Who's coming for me?
I've been looking for you, Neo.  I don't know if you're ready to see what I want to show you, but unfortunately, we have run out of time.  They're coming for you, Neo. And I'm not sure what they're going to do.
Morpheus...
Hello, Neo.  Do you know who this is?
Hello?
He is the One.  He is the One!
How...?!
Do it!
I'm going to make the call.
Yes, sir.
Tank, charge the E.M.P.
We're on our way --
Got one ready, sir.  Subway.  State and Balbo.
We need an exit.
Goddamn!  It's good to hear your voice, sir!
Tank.
Good.
Now left and that's it in front of you.
I need the main wet-wall.
Got it.
Ten hours straight.  He's a machine.
How is he?
You're going to have to make a final choice.  In one hand, you will have Morpheus' life.  In the other hand, you will have your own.  One of you is going to die.  Which one, will be up to you.
What?
Morpheus believes in you, Neo and no one, not you or even me can convince him otherwise.  He believes it so blindly that he's going to sacrifice his life to save yours.
What do you mean, without him?
I know.  Poor Morpheus.  Without him we are lost.  We will never find the One.
Morpheus.  He almost had me convinced.
What's funny?
Your next life, maybe.  Who knows. That's how these things go.
What?
Sorry, kid.  You got the gift but looks like you're waiting for something.
I'm not the One.
But you already know what I'm going to tell you.
But what?
Okay, now I'm supposed to say, 'Hmmm, that's interesting but...' Then you say --
Honestly?  I don't know.
So?  What do you think?  You think you're the One?
Not too bright though.
Who?
You're cuter than I thought.  I see why she likes you.
How did you know...?
I said don't worry about it.  I'll get one of my kids to fix it.
Shit, I'm sorry.
That vase.
What vase?
I'd ask you to sit down, but you're not going to anyway.  And don't worry about the vase.
Yeah.
Bingo.  Not quite what you were expecting, right?  I got to say I love seeing you non-believers. Always a pip.  Almost done.  Smell good, don't they?
You're the Oracle?
I know.  You're Neo.  Be right with you.
Hello?
Not yet.
Can you fly that thing.
I'm fine.  Come on, we have to keep moving.
Are you all right?
It wasn't fast enough.
You moved like they moved.  I've never seen anyone move that fast.
Do what?
Neo, how did you do that?
Yeah?
No one has ever done anything like this.
No?  Let me tell you what I believe. I believe Morpheus means more to me than he does to you.  I believe that if you are serious about saving him then you are going to need my help and since I am the ranking officer on this ship, if you don't like it then I believe that you can go to hell, because you aren't going anywhere else.
No, you're not.
I'm coming with you.
What are you doing?
I believe I can bring him back.
What?
Because...
Why?
No, Neo.  That's not true.  It can't be true.
I'm sorry, I'm not.  I'm just another guy.  Morpheus is the one that matters.
No, you... have to be.
I'm not the One, Trinity.  The Oracle hit me with that too.
What?
Morpheus did what he did because he believed that I'm something I'm not.
Morpheus sacrificed himself so we could get you out!  There's no way you're going back in!
I have to.
You can't!
I'm going in after him.
What are you doing?
What choice?
That I would have to make a choice...
There has to be something that we can do.
Goddamnit!  Goddamnit!
I don't know.  It just went dead.
What happened?
Is Morpheus still alive, Tank?
Is Morpheus alive?
We have to!
We can't leave him!
Go!
A deju vu is usually a glitch in the Matrix.  It happens when they change something.
What is it?
It might have been.  I'm not sure.
How much like it?  Was it the same cat?
A black cat went past us and then I saw another that looked just like it.
What happened?  What did you see?
Nothing.  Just had a little deja vu.
What did you just say?
... right as rain.
Are you all right?
She told me...
What did she tell you?
Yes.
Did you go to her?
No.
Should I be?
Are you worried?
Is it?
That's different.
But an Oracle can.
That the Matrix cannot tell you who you are.
What does that mean?
I used to eat there... Really good noodles.
What?
God...
It disables any electrical system in the blast radius.  It's the only weapon we have against the machines.
E.M.P.  An electromagnetic pulse.
Easy, Neo.  Easy.
Get this thing out of me!
It's going into replication.
Uh-oh...
We think you're bugged.  Try to relax.
What is this thing?
... shit.
And I know that's not where you want to be.
Because you've been down there, Neo. You already know that road.  You know exactly where it ends.
Why?
Neo, please, you have to trust me.
From you.
From what?
It's necessary, Neo.  For our protection.
What the hell is this?!
When I asked him, he said that no one could ever be told the answer to that question.  They have to see it to believe it.
What is the Matrix?
It's the question that brought you here.  You know the question just as I did.  It is a hacker's question.
Please.  Just listen.  I know why you're here, Neo.  I know why you left your family and your friends, why you left your home to come to this city.  You're looking for him.
Who is?
They're watching you, Neo.
Of what?
Right now, all I can tell you, is that you are in danger.  I brought you here to warn you.
How did you do that?
No.  It's safe here and I don't have much time.
Do you want to go somewhere and talk?
Most guys do.
I just thought... you were a guy.
What?
Gee-zus.
That was a long time ago.
Trinity?  The Trinity?  The Trinity that cracked the I.R.S. Kansas City D-Base?
My name is Trinity.
Who are you?
I know a lot about you.  I've been wanting to meet you for some time.
How do you know that name?
Hello, Neo.
Kick it in!  Kick it in!
It's locked.
Duck!
Which way?  Which way?
Mr. Wizard, get me the fuck out of here!
Operator.
Guns.  Lots of guns.
Okay.  Store's open.  What do you need?  Besides a miracle...
Because I believe in something.
Why?
I know that's what it looks like, but it's not.  I can't logically explain to you why it's not. Morpheus believed something and he was ready to give his life for what he believed.  I understand that now. That's why I have to go.
Neo, this is loco.  They've got Morpheus in a military-controlled building.  Even if you somehow got inside, those are agents holding him.  Three of them!  I want Morpheus back, too, but what you are talking about is suicide.
The Oracle.  She told me this would happen.  She told me...
What are you talking about?
Does it?  I don't know.  This can't be just coincidence.  It can't be! Can it?
Neo, this has to be done!
Goddamnit!  I don't believe this is happening!
Every leader of every ship is given the codes to Zion's mainframe computer which can be accessed only through the Matrix.  They are used only in emergencies.  If an agent had those codes and got inside Zion's mainframe they could disable the entire defense system.  It would be the end of everything.
What do they want?
When it does, Morpheus will tell them anything they want to know.
Depends on the mind.  But eventually, it will crack and his alpha pattern will change from this to this.
How much time?
They inject virus-like serums to attack the neuro-systems.  It's like cracking a computer.  All it takes is time.
How?
They're hacking his mind.
What are they doing to him?
The Oracle.
See who?
Hell yes!
Hey, Mikey, he likes it!  Ready for more?
Holy shit!
Deep underground.  Near the earth's core, where it's still warm.  You live long enough, you might even see it.
Where is it?
The last human city.  The only place we got left.
It's a city?
If this war ended tomorrow, Zion is where the party would be.
Zion?
Any holes?  Nope.  Me and my brother Dozer, we are 100 percent pure, old- fashioned, home-grown human.  Born free.  Right here in the real world. Genuine child of Zion.
You don't have...
You will tonight.  I guarantee it. I'm Tank.  I'll be your operator.
No.
Morning.  Did you sleep?
Hurry, Neo.
They've burned through the outer shields.
I don't know.  I lost him.
What just happened?
I can't!
An Agent!  You have to send me back!
What the hell just happened?
Neo!
Tank, I need a pilot program for a military M-109 helicopter.
Operator.
Trinity, we don't have any other choice.
You're going to kill him?  Kill Morpheus?!
There is.  We have to pull the plug.
Dozer?
I'll be all right.
Tank, you're hurt.
Got it.
So did we.  I sent him to Franklin and Erie.
Cypher, I thought --
You're not far from Cypher.
We need an exit!
He's alive.
Yes.  They're moving him.  I don't know where yet.
Tank, it's me.
Operator.
Let go of her.
Whether she wants to or not...she's not going.
Nothing's private...
Look fella...this is private...
It's obvious that the girl doesn't want to accompany you, isn't it?
Of course, 'The Season of the Witch' won't be ready for a while yet but we have to keep in touch.
Sounds good.
Great...great...listen, I'm very interested in you guys because I'll be opening a new club myself soon... uptown...and maybe we can work something out...
Well, we're here for about two weeks, then whatever else comes along... we're still working on our album and...
What are your plans?
Thanks.
No, really, I liked it...thought it was great.
Follow me.
Know where he is?
Yeah.  But he ain't here now.
Isn't this Jack Groppi's place?
Well, maybe they do that in Riverdale, but down here we take cash.  Now, you got it or not?
Riverdale.
You sure?
No, all we got is $40.
You got sparklers?
That means it's good.
No.
Hey!  You want good stuff, or you want shit?
Well, I don't know if we want to buy all $40 worth...
Yeah, well, keep away from those Chinx.  They don't have shit.
We went down to Chinatown but they don't have any.
Ok.  For another $5.00 a special on the packs.
And cherry bombs...ash cans...and rockets?
Yeah.
Well, my stuff comes from Maryland... you know what that means?
Well, we want good stuff.
All right!  Quiet!  For $40 I could give you...
Well, we got $40, and we wanna buy...
Yeah, yeah, never mind.  You gotta be careful.
Well the guy over there said...
Sssh!  Quiet.  Y'know that's illegal.
A check?  What the...hey, where you kids from?
Uh...can we give you a check?
Hey hold it!  Gimmie the cash.
Nobody sees where I get the stuff. That's good business.  I'll be back in thirty minutes.
Can't we come with you?
I gotta get the stuff.
Why?
Ok, you guys get out, and wait here for me.
Ok.  Wait here.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm gonna worry about you, too.
Sure.  And you're gonna take the vows next Tuesday, right.
Hey...no more good times like before.  Until you come back.
Panther!  Same thing...
Panther...
Thanks for the ride.
Listen, try a place with some sun. Swimming pools.  Palm trees.  Girls in little French bathing suits.
I'll say that I'm travelling.
And say what?
Listen, I appreciate it, but I'll handle it myself.  I'll write.
How about Teresa?  I could talk...
Yeah, well thanks, but I got enough to hold me.  My mother can send me some.  I don't know.
Take it easy.  I only asked because maybe I could, you know, let you have a little something.
Hey, come on...
No.
You flew before?
Yeah.
Nervous?
So I'll send you a postcard from wherever.  If I get there.
So?
It's an open ticket.  I can go anywhere up to $350.
I know, I know, stupid.  I mean where you goin'?
Kennedy.
Where to?
Ok...but go to a movie first or something...not good to be driving around right away.  You know you can't do much for him now...it's out of your hands.
Hide the gun.  Throw it away. Anything.  Listen, I gotta borrow your car...I think we should take a ride...away from here for the night...you know what I mean?
Get out of here before this really goes up.
Sure she is.  She's always in here with some different guy.  You know the way they are.
She don't look Jewish.
Look at her.
How do you know?
Jewish...
Who's the girl?
I don't know, but God help him if he does it again!
Prophesy to us, oh Christ!  Who is it that struck thee?
'Thou sayest it; I am a king.  This is why I was born and why I have come into this world, to bear witness to the truth.  Everyone who is of the truth hears my voice.'
'Thou art then a king?'
'My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world my followers would have fought that I might not be delivered to the Jews. But, as it is my kingdom is not from here.'
'Dost thou say this of thyself, or have others told thee of me?'
'Art thou the King of the Jews'?
Salute!!!
'And with your spirit.'
May God be with you.
Anybody wanna have a game?
No.
Look who's talking.  Pretentious bullshit.  Who's the guy with William Blake and the tigers, eh?
You are with out a doubt the biggest, most pretentious bullshit thrower I know.  Like to see what kind of business you'd do.
And I wouldn't call it TONY'S PLACE or CHARLIE'S PLACE...  I'd call it something like SEASON OF THE WITCH... get it?
'Take a little tip from Mack the Knife...'
See what I mean?  A question please...'Is this what you call living?'
Be careful.
Really wanted to get a little tiger Charlie, y'know...a little William Blake and all that...
Don't go to any trouble.  We believe you... We believe you.
Keep quiet about this.  I don't have any license for him yet.  I've only had him a couple of days. Nobody can feed him except me.  I'm the only one he trusts.  Watch.
Johnny, you're a real jerk-off.
You got some mouth!
I bet 235.  Because I dreamt of my grandfather - and when he died, the number of the funeral parlour was 235 - so when I dreamt...
It'll be OK - I know those guys. They won't stiff you.
The number was 235 - I bet it combination.
Next time, bet with your own kind.
Not quite...but keep trying.
Waddaya think?
Good idea.
What are you going to do?  Hide me?
Forget it.
This can't be settled any other way now...I'll take full blame.
No.
I think we should see your uncle.
He has about twenty-eight bucks... it's all he has on him.
Hello, Michael.  I've got something for you...not much...but...
Mind your own business.
Back so soon.
I'll be here.  Don't worry.
Don't you move!!!
Come on.
No, I just want to help myself, that's all.
NO!!!  What do you think I am, crazy???
Charlie, twenty-eight bucks is nothing.  The only way to do it is through your uncle...think about it will you?
Oh, cut it out, will ya?
No you're not...
Take it.  I'm doing it for you, stupid!
What you're doing for me isn't worth it...believe me!
You threaten me with my uncle? After what I'm doing for you?
Me?  I wouldn't say a word to my aunt and uncle...or even your uncle, Charlie...
Johnny, I swear to God, if you open your mouth about any of this...
I'm not smart...I'm stupid, remember. I'm so stupid that you have to look out for me, remember?
Don't be smart.
Well kids...have the bans been announced yet?
Oh, that's too bad, Teresa...
Your cousin here was getting sick, worrying about you.  We've been in here calling...
Yeah, Teresa, shut up!  We don't wanna get Charlie here in trouble, do we?...We love Charlie.
Shut up!
You tell me that in front of these creeps?
Keep your mouth shut.
I understand.
That's what I get for getting involved.  Look, on pay-day at least show up at Tony's Place to meet him, ok?  This way he doesn't think that you're trying to screw him.  If you show good faith and save his face maybe we can talk and he'll take off the interest or make different payment arrangements or something... understand?  I'm not asking I'm telling you!!
Yeah, take it easy.  Will you relax.
I don't get involved with anything, you understand that?  Nothing!  I'm clean as far as you know...right?
That'll help you out fine.  That's the best way for you, not for me! I swear to God, I'll rip you open if my uncle ever hears a word about this.  You understand?  I don't care what happens, he doesn't find out. 
If you had a little talk with your uncle...if anybody can do it, he can.
How?
Charlie, you know the best way to take care of this whole mess.
Big deal...in the meantime, it's done...I'll still try to help you out...You know that...but you gotta show some effort...some respect... understand?
I'm sorry Charlie...I didn't mean it.
It's impossible for you to catch up on the loan now...the interest is going up...$3,000...do you realize that, flash?
I'm going to work this week...I mean it.
That's not going to help.
I swear to God Charlie...my arm still hurts from the car accident...that's why I didn't go to work.  I swear it.
Did you see them run!
Let's get out of here.
Stupid bastard...you get your cousin half-sick over this.
Hey...don't do that...I'm only scaring them.
Cut it out stupid.  It's me.
Don't come any closer!!!
We'll get some food from my aunt's. I'll get in through the fire escape. She's always got something.
I could have told you that.
Hey...you got nothing here.
Listen...I'm a guest here.
I won't wait until Tuesday.  I'll break your arms right now.
Ok, now that that's over with...what are you gonna make me for breakfast?
Don't promise...just deliver.
Ok, ok...take it easy.  I'll show. Tuesday I'll give Michael something. I promise.
I'll tell you what I don't do... I don't owe anybody 2,000 clams plus interest, stupid.  Show up or I break both your arms, we understand each other?
What about your attitude...Where's your job...eh?  You talk and talk and I go to work...what do you do?
You're not supposed to like it. What gets me is your attitude. Listen... tomorrow you show up.
I don't like loading crates.
You sick or what?  You forget what we had to do to get you on the trucks, stupid?
Didn't show up.
What do you mean?
There won't be any this week.
You couldn't handle shit.  You just better come through with some kind of payment on Tuesday...anything. Understand?  Hold onto your pay- check this week.
Don't worry.  I can handle it.
Yeah, big man...get yourself in more trouble.  You make a fool out of him, you're doing the same to me. I signed for you don't forget.
Wouldn't bother me.
You'd better make a move kid.  He thinks you're trying to screw him.
No, she isn't.
I don't think I should go home looking like this.  You think I could stay at your place tonight? Your mother's not there is she?
Should I slap him?
Yes, you're gettin' it all over my tie.
C'mon Tony, waddaya say?
Nah.
All right, forget it.  Tony, you got anything we can put on his face?
It's the truth, I swear.
I swear to God Charlie, it's the truth.
I know but let's hear it anyway.
Charlie, I swear on my mother, you're not going to believe this.
What happened to you Flash?
Giovanino!  Where have you been?
Drinks for everybody Tony...
What can I say?
My uncle figured that this week was bad...but about next week...I dunno. Maybe you should speak to him yourself.
I should know?  His wife don't even know.  Probably off with one of his little girls...I don't know.  I tell you, if he don't give a damn, then I don't give a damn...Why should I kill myself?
I don't understand, where's Groppi?
Your Uncle's a good man...I won't stick him.  Either he gets the money or the place and right now he's getting the place.  And tell me why should I care?  I got a partner who's a bum, who doesn't help out...who disappears and leaves me with all the problems.  I should go back to Florida...I don't need this.
He'd rather have the loan payed, you know that.
Listen, I should wrap up this place in a ribbon and hand it to him, you know that.  I don't need this aggravation.  I'm getting old.
Not next week's either...listen...you tell that to Giovanni, not me.
I can't make this week's payment and if this keeps up not next week's either.
That bad, huh?
Look Charlie, you're a good boy. Will you just tell your uncle that I have nothing.  There is nothing to give him.  No envelopes with cash inside, no checks, nothing.
What pipes...the ones from last year...those pipes.
What pipes?
I was in the basement fixing the pipes.  Would you believe that?
No.
Don't ask...do you have any idea what I've been doing all morning...eh?
Ok, how's everything going?
Hey...you're here.  They told me you're here...and you're here.  How are you?
You're not going to use that gun, Johnny.
You're really crazy.
Yeah, where's the rest?
Where's the rest?
Whatever.
Look, Michael, I'll get him here. What do you want me to do, kill him?
We'll be here.
Be seeing you and Johnny tonight... here...right?
You said it.
'Amen I say to thee, thou wilt not come out from it until thou hast paid the last penny.'
He could at least show some respect and show his face, even if he doesn't have the money...
'But I say to you not to resist the evildoer; on the contrary, if someone takes thy tunic, let him take thy cloak as well...to him who asks of thee, give; and from him who would borrow of thee do not turn away!
I'll tell you who you can pray for... Next payday, I'll be at Tony's Place...Johnny better show or I find him and break his legs...and I mean it.
'But I say to you, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who persecute...'
Charlie, this is business.
$3,000.  Shit!  Can we hold it at $3,000?
$500.  He borrowed that because he wanted to pay off his other loans... now, counting the interest...it's almost $3,000.
How much was the original loan again?
You kiddin.  The way it is now this isn't even interest for two hours.
He'll be here.  Look, take this for now.
Well, he isn't.  Nice...real nice.
Let's go to the movies...on you.
$20.
How much?
Nothin'.  Just stiffed those kids. Don't want'em comin' back and findin' you...start asking you questions.
What's a'matter?
We'll settle it tonight.
All right...but understand, I don't like being taken advantage of.  I mean you're in there talking with your uncle and all...This is embarassing.
Look...I've talked to him and I've talked to him...what more can I do...?  Tonight at the party all three of us get together and we knock some sense into his head...ok?
Nevamind 'look'...This punk bastard...I call him at work...I say 'Johnny Boy there?'...He doesn't even show up for work anymore...
Oh Michael, look...
Yeah, thanks, it's ok.
You getting out too?
C'mon Johnny.
Out!!!!
Ok...that's it.
Disgraceful.
Get him in.
Hey, shut up.
OK, get in.
Michael, give us a lift.
OK.
Michael, believe me.  You know the kid's a little crazy sometimes.  I vouched for him and he'll come through.  I promise.  I'll talk to him and straighten him out.  Don't worry, OK?
I don't know that.  That's what I'm telling you.
You're right.  You're right.  Look, I'm not gonna wind up paying his debts.  You know that.
I know that Charlie but look at my side.  You undersigned the loans. You vouched for him.  What happens if this kid don't pay me?  I gotta collect from you?  I don't want to do that.  I made a deal with him not you, right?
Michael, nobody's out to screw you, I guarrantee that.
...Charlie, don't you think you should be interested in Johnny's payments to me?  I think you should be, you know that.
I'd like to know Charlie, it looks like your little friend is trying to duck me...
Look...I don't know.  What am I supposed to be, his keeper or something?  Yeah, he's supposed to be here but who knows what goes on in his head.  Right?
Isn't he supposed to be here tonight...I mean...
Nope...
You seen Johnny Boy tonight?
No...I'll be ok for a week.
Sell 'em if you can't smoke them.
OK, ok...
For these prices don't be particular. That's all they had - but next week we'll see...
Oh great...hey - Winstons?
Bye.
Why not here...Ok nevermind...6th Avenue and Waverly.
Ok.  Chinese.  We'll meet on the corner of 6th Avenue and Waverly Place after you finish.
Chinese food?
Yeah, you know...you greet the people...see them to their tables... well...it'll be different though... Listen...why don't we get together and talk after your show tonight.
Hostess?
No...no stripping...as the hostess.
Stripper?
I was thinking maybe you'd do very nicely for the place.
That's nice.
In a little while...I'm gonna have the opportunity of opening my own place...not here...much nicer than this...uptown...sort of nite-club and restaurant and everything.
I know.
No, I'm serious...You're really good.
Fine.
You know Diane...I've been wanting to talk to you for a while now...er... a...  aside from all that joking around we do out there...when you're on...I... a...I really...think that you're a terrific performer...
Fine.
Diane, how are you feeling?
Oh yeah, that's a possibility.
Well, maybe you missed something?
All right.
Who knows?  It's not hard to figure out what she'll wind up like.  When the respect for parents breaks down, that's bad...you know I'm "cumpari" with them...so I take an interest.  You live next door, keep an eye open...but don't get involved.
What do they expect you to say?
Her mother and father come to me and ask advice...she wants to leave...get her own apartment...worries them sick...what am I gonna tell them?  Lock her up?
Yeah.  That's what I said, sick in the head.
No, she's got epilepsy.
...The one who's sick, right?  In the head.
Teresa.
His whole family has problems...his cousin, the girl who lives next door to you...
What did he do?
...but it's the same thing, all the same...they're in there by having something on somebody...and when that doesn't work...they fight...Our life has honor...we have no show to put on because we do what we have to do.  They know where to come when they need us.  I realize this during the war...World War II...Vito Genovese... during WWII he worked with the government, taking care of the docks...
What I don't understand is why you have to go to college to read these books that you're gonna read anyway.
Oh yes, he's pretty good.
You know, this boy over here, once, long time ago, tried to enrich my mind...so he gives me a book by this Hemin fella...to read, so I read it.
Hemmingway.  Killed himself.  I was more upset about that than about Groppi, that's for sure.
Well, he was always a little crazy... he puts a gun in his mouth...  ...like your friend...comme si chiama...Henning?  Heming?
I really couldn't believe it when you told me, you know that?
Our friend, Groppi, went to his mother's house.  And when he was there...at night...
Who me? ...No, I don't know, not me...all I know is...
You heard what happened to GROPPI, eh?
Oh...around...why?
Hey, where you been?
Ok.
Take a drink!
No...his business is bad.  But I'll decide what to do and you...and you just keep out of anything that might...might...er draw attention to you.
About Oscar...I think he put on this act...about the restaurant being in bad shape and all that. He can't make the payments...I don't know what to make of it.  He says Groppi's run off with a girl. I could help if you want.
Yes, you did.
You're right uncle.  I must have gotten it confused with something else.
No you weren't.
About that shooting last night...I was there and...
Fine.  Did you have a good time last night?
Uncle, how are you feeling?
Oh, that's ok...I've been in and out of this place fifty times.
Why don't you take a look around the place if you want?
Charlie, couple of courses isn't enough to get you student deferred... I mean if they wanted to draft you, you would've been drafted by now.
It's only a couple of courses...just for the draft.
Oh yeah...didn't read it but I saw the movie...Gregory Peck...pretty good.
"Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber."
Wha?
"Francis Macomber."
No, c'mon...Y'know, I read.
Nothing.
What was it?
Wasn't a book...was a short story.
For God's Sakes...I told you before...nothing.  Charlie, I can't stay in here too long at this hour...will you please listen to me?
Are you sure he didn't say anything to you about tonight?
But...
Honey, I can't talk now...I've gotta run, bye.
Charlie...I've got to see you.  I want to talk...
Teresa?...Yeah, Charlie.  Listen, I'm looking for your cousin.  Yeah, well today's Tuesday, payday.  I haven't seen him all day...no...well, have you got any idea where he is?  I know it's early yet but I'm just getting worried that's all...
Now don't get excited.  Don't get excited!!
The building on the corner.  That one!  He's been on the roof a half hour now!
The green capsules in the top drawer.
You've been running round too much. Bet you've been forgetting your medicine.
I'm sleepy.
Of all people.  Now say the truth. Do I look like Che Guevara.  C'mon.
Ummmmmmmmmmmmm.
...He must have heard the name from those T.V.'s in the hall that were blaring all the time.  I remember GUEVARA was in town at the time. Must've heard it from there I guess...but that's funny, isn't it?
I know...I know.
I can take care of myself.  You know that.
Well you can't blame them in a way.
You know why...with my parents.
Uhuh...probably a good idea.  Why don't you do it this time?
I'm going to take that apartment uptown.
Watch your language.
You're intolerable today.
That W.A.S.P. bastard.
No.  Of course he lives there. Would I point it out to you if he didn't?
Sure...He lives there?
See that...know who lives there? The name George Earhardt mean anything to you?
That's the word...preoccupied.
I know you don't.  You've been very preoccupied lately.
Take your time.  I don't care.
It was nothing.  I'm almost finished.
Yeah...but don't worry about that now.  The Hemmingway one is first.
A paper on that one too?
Bore.
Ok.
No...we can come back in a couple of weeks.  Besides, if we're both gone for three days it wouldn't look right.
C'mon Charlie...one more day.  I'll call in sick for work.
Not sick...just stupid.  Speaking of stupid, your cousin last night was feeling so good he decided to break into your mother's house...to get some food.
It's still sick.
You missed the point.  The kid's a climber...not very bright...but if you get down to his level to look at it his way; he kills a guy who insulted a big man - he gets a reputation.  He thinks he's in good standing.
It doesn't make any sense.  He wouldn't shoot him just because he insulted a racket guy...not unless it was personal.
CHRIST, you should have seen it. Unbelievable.  The kid would turn around and fire and he would just keep coming at him like Rasputin. That kid was scared.  Not half as much as we were though.
No.
Did you?
Alright... Hey, did you hear any more about what happened last night?
Don't ask.
What is it now?
You know...like restaurants, night clubs...
Anything specific?
See if you can get your hands on some pamphlets on laws or by laws...or proprietorship...you know...at your place.
Nobody knows anything, believe me.
Charlie...?
Maybe, who knows.
An apartment uptown?  Downtown?
Well, if things go the way I hope they'll go, this money business will take care of itself.  God willing.
It's all right.
Sure...it's not that...I mean...
I don't mind.
Well...
Please take it.
Here.
Well...with the hotel that's ten... fifteen...
Do you have enough?
Ok, we'll go for lunch.
I'd like to eat something before I go back to work.
Hey, c'mon - no bullshit - friends.
Count it.
Don't count it...it's all there.
I feel fine--nothing wrong with me.
What's the matter with this kid?
Girls?  You call those skanks girls?!
The girls like it loud.
Lower the fuckin music--I can't hear nothin.
 Shut up.
Scumbag--
We'll close up as soon as everybody leaves.
Will you guys shut up with the witches and tigers.  Tony, you gonna close the place, we get out of here, get something to eat, or what?
Yeah, so things'll be even.
Put it on the little tab so that it balances with the big one.
Which one, the big tab or the little tab?
and a double for you and Charlie here.  And put it on my tab, willya?
This is a heisted car!
You could say that.
You mean it's heisted.
Well...no.
Yeah, it's your father's.
No...no.  Nooo...it's just that I...I...uh... this ain't my car.
What'sa matter...forget your registration?
I know...I know.
Ah...there's a funny lookin' cab behind us.
Yeah, I think so.
Hey... you got stereo.
Yeah...just had it delivered...
This is some boat.  Your father's?
Come on.
Sal!... fourteen street.
Hey Johnny, where're you goin'?
Quiet please.
Must have been all the liquor in him.
Shut up.
Friends of yours Michael.
Just keep him quiet.
You what?
I know what you're going to say but don't say it.  These drinks are all on the tab.  I'm gonna see you this Tuesday payday, I promise.  I give you my word.
Of course!  A double for Michael, Tony.
How about me?  I don't get a drink John?
Ok guys...have a heart.  This is my business.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Sure.
Can you spare it?
Not bad.  $20.  Here, $5.
How much?
Haven't you had enough of us, Dad?
Dinner?  Again?
Yeah, speak for yourself.
Look who's talking.
You think so?
-- But he does seem very nice.
...I don't know, Daddy seems funny to me.  Ever since Joe showed.  It's like he dropped from the clouds...
Nothing's going on.  Maybe he doesn't want to be alone.  He's go- ing to be sixty-five in a minute --
...We're never all together two nights in a row.  Maybe Christmas, Thanksgiving, that's it.  What's going on?
And isn't it a lovely one?  So sturdy, so straight --
That's your name?
...I'm here, aren't I?  Wouldn't miss a loose end meeting.  What's on the table for discussion?  Party favors, flowers -- hi Dad, hi Drew --
You ate?
Hi, everybody.  Sorry to be late -- had to have dinner with my depart- ment chief --
Drew called from the AStar, they're still two minutes away.
I'm Allison, you're 'honey'.
Well, maybe next time Joe goes, he'll take us along.
Did he?  That's more than we get to do.
Very.
He's cute.
That was 'Joe'.
Love that name.
Just plain 'Joe'?
Yeah, Bill, the suspense is killing me.
Daddy!  Come on, a name.
Unfortunately.  I sat between them at the Bronx Zoo benefit -- it was better than Seconal.
His wife?
He's coming.
Did you speak to the Governor?
Yes, it is.
You know, darling, this is going to be a wonderful party.
But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay.  Because I know you love me.  Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, "What does she want now?"
I wasn't going to say --
That you've been to Susan?
I haven't been the father to you that --
They respect you.  Isn't that a kind of love?
Yeah?  And what about my enemies?
I do it because I love you.  Because everybody I loved you.  Mommy -- wher- ever she is -- Susan, Quince, the people who work for you, everybody who's ever known you.
-- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.  I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs.
Do they, m'dear?
The fountain is the Caspian Sea and the Sea is serving up caviar.  The 'B's for Beluga, the 'P' for Petrossian.  Of course, they also stand for 'Bill' and for 'Parrish'.
It's starting to grow on me.  But what do the 'B' and 'P' mean?
Hi, Daddy, what do you think?
'Goddam party'!
Oh, the goddam party --
It's for the party, Dad --
I don't like cake.
From La Rosette, only the greatest pastry chef in America.  This is orange, from real Seville oranges.  Lemon, on a mille-feuille crust, a little on the fanciful. And a while, nothing like a good old white cake, vanilla, with Angel food but some maroons shavings thrown in.
Who's Annie?
Annie made them.
What is this?
That's okay, Daddy.
I like it.  I like it.  I'm sorry I don't seem more appreciative.
You know, we're going to give this party for you whether you like it or not.
Of course.
Whatever it was, they'll be here. We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing.  A few of them we didn't hear from, and some of them are dead, of course --
Conflict, honey.  Korean Conflict.
From the Korean War.
Who?
Did you know twenty-six members of your rifle company are coming?
We've got some things to discuss.
Now, I'm getting interested.  I want to know more ---
Whew, at last.  Nice to meet you, Mr. Black.
-- Black.
A name?
Daddy.  Does your friend have a name?
Good.  Songs.  What songs should Sidney -- Pancho and his six men we can forget about -- what songs do you think he should play?
Oh, you couldn't be more wrong, sweetheart.  I can' tell you how much I appreciate it and how I'm looking forward to it.
And you could care less --
I know you do, darling.
I lay awake nights in a cold sweat, I want this party to be like some- thing Mom would have made for you, I want it to be perfect --
What, honey?
No.
Isn't it enough to be on this earth sixty-five years without having to be reminded of it.
Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it.
I hate parties --
But it's your birthday.
Allison, I trust you.  This is your thing.
Fireworks.  Update -- we're con- structing the number '65' on the barge, archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it, when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity... The Hudson River Authority says, for you, they'll make a special dispensation - of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept...
Not much more.  Big day in the big city.  What's on your mind?
Have you got a minute?
Hi, Allison --
Daddy!
What will I tell Annie?
But what?
Yeah, but --
You know what I'm saying, Joe?
Honey --!
Yeah, they hit the calf over the head with a mallet and then Luisa hits it again in the kitchen.
Paillarde of veal.
No jocks?  A twenty-game winner or a Masters champion?  Someone I could talk to.  Or would talk to me.
Please don't be negative, Drew, we have an acceptance list that would do The White House proud -- The Secretary-General of the UN, the Chairman of the FCC, nine Senators, I don't know how many Congressmen, and at least twelve of the Fortune '500'.
He said he would be there with bells on.
What about the Mayor?
Remember everybody, tonight, dinner in the city at Daddy's.  You too, Drew.  We've still got some loose ends --
Okay.  All aboard - New York, New York!
Honey, please.
Both.
Red or white?
Okay, give me a bottle of wine.
I'm afraid this is a wine bar, Mr. Quince.
9:30's almost 10:30.  Where I come from, the sun's over the yardarm, m'boy, and the cocktail lamp is lit.
Well sir, it's 9:30 in the morning.
What do you do that for?
Pinot Grigio.  We're considering it for the appetizer.
And that?
-- The late harvest Riesling, Mr. Quince, a possibility for dessert.
...This shit's not bad.
Oh, Mr. Parrish, I could never buy Parrish Communications.  I could pay for it, of course, but it would always have your imprint.
I thought you were buying my company.
Left field somewhere.  Well, Bill, I want to come in from the outfield, bat cleanup like you have, learn the plush ropes --
I'm sorry, I don't recall --
We've met before, y'know, that White House function, the President had you on his right and you know where I was?
Good, good.  Glad to hear it.
Bill, thanks for coming over...  And how're you doing today, Drew?  You've got a firecracker here, the kid's really set the table.
Right away.
Toast?  No...just the butter.
How would you like that, sir?  On some kind of toast?
I would prefer some peanut butter.
I would say, sir, it is right up there with Jif and Skippy.  But miles ahead of Peter Pan.  Like a taste?
'Laura Scudder's Peanut Butter'.  You like it?
You mean this, sir?
What are you eating.
Yes sir, Mr. Black, a pleasure.
Hello.  I'm Joe Black.  Nice to meet you.
Yes, sir?
So I guess a blowjob's out of the question?
That's it.  It's over.  Get out.
Oh, you're the great Joe's attorney now?  Are we going to go to court? Or are we going to go to bed?  And I don't mean you and me.  I mean you and him.
Yeah.  Goodnight.
Well... goodnight.
No, not okay.  I thought we had a good thing going here.  It shows you never know.
Sorry, but I like the way he looks and talks to me.  And vice versa. Okay?
That may be.  But I don't like the fucker.  I don't like the way he looks at you and talks to you.  And vice versa.
Drew, you're out of line.
Daddy'll do fine.  Besides, he's got Joe.  And so do you.
You don't mean that.  You wouldn't disappoint Daddy --
Include me out.  I've had enough of the conversations.
...See you tomorrow night.
What 'business'?
-- Did I hear 'business'?
Hi.
Hello, Beautiful.
He'll wait --
Bontecou wants a speedier response than that.
We're not getting anywhere here. Why don't we take some of the best out of this thing, let's consider it coolly, let's take a week --
Hello, Quince.
Thank you for coming.
Am I not obligated to?
You're taking this too far, Drew.
Bill's birthday is the day after tomorrow.  There is a provisory by- law in our charter.  Per the discre- tion of the Board, Corporate off- icers can be retired at age sixty- five.
And what would that be?
The dagger --?
I appreciate your gentlemanliness, Bill, but what we need to do here is drive the dagger home --
I'm not stepping anywhere --
-- And now you're going to pee some more.
So tell me, tell me, I'm peeing in my pants.
Not good, not bad, you know what we got?  Nothing.  No credit, no cars, no mortgages -- no wives.  Nothing.
No, I don't --
I'll make a note of it.  Anything else?
Perhaps you could remind me.
Susan's patient is whom we are talking about.
Is this a state secret or are we being excluded just for the fun of it?
But I know she's grateful for the care you're giving her.
Who are we talking about?
Well, I'm going to tell you anyway. I did cheat on that exam at Groton. But so did twenty-six other guys, and nobody ever mentioned it until today.  And I'm expecting you won't mention it again.  I don't know who you are and where you're getting your information, but I'm willing to pretend I did not hear it, and let bygones be bygones.  But can I tell you something else, it'd be nice to see the big guy without you next to him.  What are you, his shadow?  Do you hold his dick for him when he goes to take a leak?  You know some- times somebody would like a few min- utes alone with W.P.  That means without you.  Okay, pal?  Let's eat.
No.
Yes.
May I interrupting?
Then why did you bring it up?
It doesn't matter.
Of whom?
It's just a saying, Mr. Black,
What an odd pairing.
Yes.
"Death and Taxes"?
Yes.
And a glass.
Cold.
Hot or cold.
Why yes, thank you.
Anything else, Mr. Black?  How about some water?
Do you have any more of these deli- cious cookies?
The Board of Parrish Communications - is hereby called to order.  Our sole order of business is an acceptance of John Bontecou's generous offer and --
Thank you.
Nice to see you.  I didn't expect you, but certainly you can't get enough of a good thing.
'Here'?
Here...
Incidentally, Joe, where're you staying?
Joe sounds like a ringer, Bill.  I have the feeling you guys got the broad strokes already.  Need any help with the details?
I didn't say.
What side of the industry did you say you were on?
We have an arrangement now.
Proof?  We've got plenty of proof.
You're talking through your hat. You're offering a deal because you've got no proof.
You get not to go to jail.
And what do I get?
No lawyers, Drew.  We're going to offer you a deal.
I think I'd like to talk to my lawyer --
Is this Mr. Black's fantasy?  Another one of his whoppers?  Aren't you sick of this asshole lurking around? No one knows who he is, but one thing everyone does know, he somehow got your ear and has been pouring poison into it ever since.
The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all.
I don't know where you get that idea -- the Board agreed --
Mandatory retirement upon our Chairman's sixty-fifth birthday.
In English, please.
But who is he?  What are his creden- tials?  What is his relationship to you?
I've already introduced Mr. Black to you all.
Are you running this Board or am I?
Certainly, Bill.
Yes, you are to understand that, and now may I ask you a question?
So I am to understand from your re- sponse that you do not want to hear the details of Bontecou's offer?
I'm not interested in the details. And I'm not interested in the big picture either.  What I am inter- ersted in is how my Board got conven- ed behind my back, is entertaining a further proposal from a man whom it offends me to do business with, moreover has the audacity to present this to me like a prize fish, and I am expected to clap for it like a performing seal.  No, thank you.
Don't you want to hear the details?
The answer is no, quick enough for you?
Bontecou wants a quick response and --
That's it?
I don't think so.  Do you?
Did you want to have a cup of coffee or something, Bill?
Certainly.  Goodnight.
I think it's time you went home, Drew.
I'm just giving you the truth.  There was a time when William Parrish liked the truth.
I'm feeling real uncomfortable right now because the guy who reports to me is threatening me.
Yours.
Whose?
With all due respect, you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall them again, there'll be blood on the floor.
I don't care.
What do you think the Board is going to say when I tell them that?
Over my dead body.
If I read this Board right now, they want you to accept Bontecou's offer.
What are their feelings?
Yes, you made your feeling abun- dantly clear.  Now they want to do the same with theirs.
What is there to say?  They know what John Bontecou is -- and if they didn't, they know now.
Sure.
Okay, we'll see you tomorrow.
I have to go, Bill -- it's been a helluva day.  Need a few minutes to sort everything out.
Please, Drew.
Mind if I throw up?
Please.  Don't worry about him.  And above all, don't antagonize him.
For how long?  And why?
You're competitive soul, Drew. That's what makes you a great addi- tion to the money.  Joe is just... around.
As much as Joe's?
I was a little abrupt with you this afternoon, Drew.  Forgive me.  I want you to know I value your advice.
Well now it's undone, okay?  Forget Bontecou!  Scrub him!  I'm tired of his fancy name and his fancy offer. I'm not going for it.
I thought this was practically a done deal --
Joe, cut it out.  And you too, Drew.
I was hired, you told me, to help bring Parrish Communications into the 21st Century.  This merger is the vehicle --
Why?
How nice for you both.
Joe and I have no secrets from each other.
Before I do --  I was hoping we might be alone, Bill.
Sit down, Drew.
'Just kidding'?
No.
But the matter's still on the table, Bill --
Shall we adjourn?
Glad I could be of some help.
I am now.
You're not familiar with the phrase, "In this world, nothing is certain but Death and Taxes"?
That's your privilege, Bill.  But given our needs, given the absolute necessity for growth, given the fu- ture, the truth is... joining John Bontecou is every bit as certain as - Death and Taxes.
Sorry.  I know it looks like I'm reversing my field.
...Sounds like you're not leaving much room for discussion.
I get the feeling you've done some business before.
No --
Uh -- he's from out of town --
Have we met?
Like 'Smith' or 'Jones --'
What do you mean?
Is there any more to it?
Yes.
'Joe...'
What?!
Sorry...um - you - you know it's gone right out of my head --
Oh, excuse me.  This is -- uh -- this is --
Yeah, something he goes by --
Olympic.
As close as a deal could be.
So... Board convenes tomorrow, you'll recommend, we close and it's a deal, right?
You have a way with words.
Like a marriage made in heaven?
I thought it was great, I thought you and Big John would be like a couple of bulls in a china shop --  Instead it was --
Me, too.
I'm all excited --
That's great!  Wait 'til I show it to Bontecou.
Our first annual report, must be thirty-five years ago now, I owned two stations, I wrote down a state- ment of purpose, that one day you would wake up to a Parrish radio station, read a Parrish paper at breakfast, catch our news on tele- vision during the day, and go to bed with one of our books or magazines and you would always be told the truth and in the bargain, have a good time.
Bill, after this deal, you'll be able to afford one.
Do you think I need a haircut?
It's going to be great --
Sounds good.
...Tomorrow we sign off -- photo opportunity, you and Big John, it'll lead network news.  Okay so far?
No no, not you.
Why yes, Bill, I was saying to Quince --
Did you just hear something?
I was saying to Quince we won't need --
Maybe, who knows?  You know how voices are.  Let's go.
'Yes' to the deal?
'Yes'.
What'd it say?
In my sleep.
A voice?
'Thoughts'?  Not a one -- but I did hear a voice last night.
Well, it's a big day.  Wanted to line up a few ducks before kickoff. Any thoughts?  Last minute refine- ments or variations?
Good morning, Drew.  Thanks for coming out.
Yeah, the short, gray hairs.
Well, you've got him by the short- hairs.
He said that?
He had no choice.  You're a formidable adversary.
This is damn big of Bill, I also think it's smart.
Go right ahead.  Tell William Parrish how you betrayed him at a secret Board meeting.  And tell Allison how you got her father fired -- and he lost his company.
I don't want to get rich this way -- I'm going to expose you.
The train's left the station, pal, and you're aboard.  Would you like to hear the silver lining?  Check that, gold.  I've been working with John Bontecou all along.  We had a game plan -- acquire Parrish Communications then break it apart and peddle it piece-by-piece to the highest bidder.  I set it up for him, he smacks it out of the park.
But I didn't mean to do it!
Quince, you can't unscramble scrambled eggs.
I'm going to put a stop to this!
That we did.  Thanks to you.  He was wobbling, mind you, but you spplied the coup de grace.
What have you done?  You've gotten the old man fired!
That's what he said.
'It's up to Joe'?
The timing -- yes.  He says it's up to Joe.
-- But he was concerned about the timing?
He was interested.
How did Bill react to the leads you've developed?
Well, I'm happy to tell you I've got good news.  As I was telling Drew, I've been making a little hay while the Bontecou sun was shining -- two, possibly three new and boiling hot prospects for merger.
You're on, Quin-cee.  Destination Hospital.  Joe, you'll be the Tour Guide.  Okay?  How's that sound to you?
I'd like to come, too.  See Susan strut her stuff.
Yeah.  Neat.
I thought so, too.  Joe's a neat guy.
Well, that's very interesting.
Yeah, that's what he said.
'It's up to Joe', huh?
Yeah.
'It's up to Joe'?  Those were his words?
We'll do it together.  I'll clue you in.  Timing's got to be right.  The old man says it's up to Joe.
Are you?
Never mind Bontecou.  I've got some other merger possibilities up my sleeve, and I'm putting them to see old man.
Thanks, Quince.
...I know you're down, but you know when you're down, Drew, there's no place to go but up.
Joe, you do get around.
Well, I guess he's found one.
I don't think they're ordinary.  I love keychains.
You're overthinking it --
I know.  Gum up the works.
Quince, m'man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and Bill. More people might --
Hey, this is it, the hour approach- es, I'm getting all excited.  So what do you think, is it --  -- just the 'Executive Committee' or could you guys use me?
Can do no right by people.  Come to take, you wan' to stay, leave you stay, you wan' to go.  Rahtid!
Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty.
Brung you flowers and all I gettin's facety back.
Schoolboy tings is you head. Badness for you, badness for her, badness for me, lyin' here tumor, big as breadfruit, poison my inners an' waiting.
Don' need you okayin'.
Rass!
She knows how she feel.
She knows you real self?
I am.
You loved back?
Yah.
Mine, too.
My Doctor Lady?
Yes.
Oh, you come to see Doctor Lady?
Nuthin'.
Doctor?  What could be wrong wit' you?
No, I come to see Doctor.
None facety, mistah.  You come for me?  Dat's good news.
Don' be facety, woman.
Make it time.
Not time yet.
Can, mistah.  Take me to dat nex' place.
Can't, sistah.
Not dis pain.  Dis pain tru an' tru. Make it go 'way.
Doctor lady make it irey.
Make it go 'way.
I nuttin' to do wi' dat.
Some spot you pick.
No, no.  I on holiday.
You wait here'n to take us?  Like you bus driver to dere?
I from dat nex' place.
What you then?
Obeah evil.  I not evil.
Obeah.
Didn't you call a Board meeting?
What?
The Board is waiting.
Good morning, Jennifer.
Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
Of course, Mr. Parrish.  Right away.
Jennifer.
Didn't the family get together last night --?
-- And call my family, I'd like them to come over for dinner tonight.
Nothing?
No.  Nothing.
Lunch is 'in' today, have you given it any thought --_
Sure.
I've been buzzing you, Mr. Parrish. Are you all right?
Hi, Jennifer.
Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
No.
Do you think I should wait to tell him 'till after the party?
Because that's the kind of man Bill Parrish is.
You think so?  How do you know?
What would you say if you knew it was me who brought down Bill Parrish?  I told Drew and the Board that Bill depended on you.  Drew led me on, but I had no business telling him in the first place.  He was setting up Bill from day one.  Drew and Bontecou are going to chop up the company and sell it off for parts. Bontecou was outside, Drew was Mr. Inside.  And I was the fool who made it all happen.  Oh God, what do I do?
Oh yes, you are one of my favorites.
Free to love each other.  Com- pletely.  Totally.  No fear.
What do you mean 'free'?
Yeah, it's like you know every inch of each other's souls -- and then you're free.
'The deepest, darkest secrets --'?
Because there's nothing we don't know about each other and it's okay. I mean the deeper, darkest secrets -- they don't matter.
But she loves you?
I was a world-class loser and she was a happy, little rich girl -- and for some reason she took me in.
How did you meet?
Oh yes, I do.
You love Allison, don't you?
'Love'?  Oh, man, I've got troubles of my own.
Love.
Confused, huh?  About what?
Do I?  I'm a little confused.
C'mon, have a drink.  You look like you need one bad as me.
You're welcome.
Thanks.
And you're a nice man, Quince.
You're an original, Joe.  A little hard to figure, maybe...
On the other hand, Winston Churchill drank a bottle of cognac a day and lived until he was ninety-one.
I didn't know that.
Cirrhosis of the liver is the fifth leading killer of adult Western males.
No problem.  I'll leave you two alone.  I can tell you guys have something on the fire --
That's very gracious of you, Quince.
It's so very nice to see you again.
Don't bother asking, we already tried.
Hey, this is fun.
Black.
As long as it takes.
How long you here, Joe?
Are you?
You bet.  I'm king of my Rotisserie League.
Yes?
'Joe Black'.  Won fifteen and lost two for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952.
Yeah...and you're the prettier thing here.
You think so?
Well, I don't know what else to say. It's a helluva party --
That's it?
Thank you for loving me.
-- Yes?
Susan --
Hold me --
I love you now, I'll love you always --
Tell me you love me -- tell me you love me now --
But you're not.  You're somewhere else.  You're someone else --
I'm still here.
You want me to wait for you, you'll be back --
I - uh --
-- That was the place... and you were the guy.
The 'coffee shop' --
And I said you'd have a hard time finding a woman like that.
Did I say that?
Yes, that's why I said it.
I believe that, don't you?
It's a saying.
'Love will find out the way'?
'Love will find out the way'.
What will we do?
Lightning struck.  We caught it in a bottle.  Don't let it out.  I want to be with you, Joe --
Will it?
Don't.  That will come later.
But there's so much to tell you --
We know all that we need to know --
We know so little about each other --
Then don't.
No worse than it gets for me.  I'm in love with a woman whom I don't want to leave.
It gets worse.
I can tell you the when part.  Tonight.
And you can't tell me who you are.
Well -- I --
Where are you going?
Yes.  Your father and I, our time together has come to an end.
It beats a surgical, doesn't it?
I love you in an evening gown.
I like you in a black tie.
Oh, I hope a long, long time.
For how long?
Nowhere?  I'm...here.
Where are you going?
Yes!
More than you love peanut butter?
I loved it.
Did you like making love to me?
Maybe it's the draft through the door.
...No.
Yes, he's tired.  I believe so.
He must be tired -- this Bontecou thing --
He's taking a nap.
How beautiful.
I just thought I'd drop by, scrounge a little lunch, I was in the neigh- borhood --
I am.
You're here?
Faster.  And I want the scent from underneath your ears and the taste of your lips and the touch of your tongue to stay with me -- forever.
And is your heart beating strangely?
Well...I'm -- uh, Joe.  And you're Susan.  And I - uh - have this weak feeling in my knees --
I don't know who you are.
Yes?
Why, yes.  Thank you.
Never tried, 'til now.  Joe, may I kiss you?
-- Could you?
It was everything.
Thank you.
-- I guess you haven't.
I love your smell.
Please.  We don't need to talk about Drew.
I'm sorry about --
I said get out.
Almost.
Why don't you get off his case?
You first.
Yes.  I'm tired.
'To bed'?
To bed.
Where are you going?
No.
Gay?
No.
Girlfriend?
No, I'm not.
Because guys who never say anything about themselves are always married.
Why?
I don't like the way Drew spoken to you.  But I feel better about it now because of the way you spoke back.
How long have you been standing there?
I'm sorry to hear that.
We're doing what we can for her. But it doesn't look good.
Has her pain abated?
I am, too.
I'm very concerned about the woman you attended to today.
Yes...I've found that it does.
It comforts you, doesn't it?
Yes...
I adore things like that....food I can't do without.  Don't you?
I don't know.
Why do you love peanut butter so much?
And I appreciate you, too.
I mean I appreciate that.
Excuse me?
I appreciate you --
It wasn't an intrusion.  And if it was, it turned out to be welcome.
Well, now I am sorry.  For intruding on you this afternoon.
I thought you said 'Be sorry for nothing'.
I wanted to apologize, Susan --
Be sorry for nothing.
I have to go, I'm sorry to say --
Not now.
Joe, I'm with Drew.
Yes.
She's in a great deal of pain.
I don't mind --
Patients have visitors, not doctors.
And I'll be a visitor.
That's impossible.  I'm a doctor, I'm --
Whatever you do.
Watch me do what?
Very well, I'll watch.
I don't have any time to see you now.  I'm doing grand rounds and then I'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner and then --
I came to see you.
Then why are you here, Joe?
Oh goodness, no.
How nice you look.  Is that your uniform?
Joe --
I think you want to go to the west wing.  Through there.
Yes?
Goodnight to you, Susan.
Goodnight, Joe.
Did you know you have a wet spot on your shoulder?
Yes?
Susan?
I'm sorry to say I know what you're saying.
I have a certain function to per- form, and that seems to take all of my time.  Bu sometimes - uh - I speculate - uh - I haven't left room for - uh - anything else.
Yes --?
I can see why.
I don't have any.
I've got plenty of friends.
I guess what I'm trying to say is -- I'd like us to be friends.
No, Joe, I'm swimming here.  Then I'm going home.
I'm sorry.  Do you live here?
Drew is none of your damn business. Nor is where I put my mouth.
When you put your mouth to his, Susan, it seems a frequent thing.
Come again?
Do you love Drew?
-- What kind of childhood did you have?
I haven't.
You act like you never had peanut butter before --
Peanut butter.
What are your intentions?  To make little dreams in coffee shops, turn a woman's head, and I don't mind admitting it was turned, I liked it, but ten hours later I feel like a fool.  I don't get it.  You, my father, here in this house, the cof- fee shop, it's making me upset, and I don't like being upset.  Who are you anyway?  And what are you eating?
That is not my intention.
Not the one I met this morning, hit- ting on me in as nice a way as I've been hit on in a long time, but the moment you find out I'm my Dad's daughter, you act like a stranger.
I am Joe.
You appear at his side out-of-the- blue, stay at his house, eat dinner with his family, it's practically a first.  You're in the red-hot center of big business and I thought you were a regular Joe.
'Big'?
I'm sorry.
-- Can't seem to escape you today.
I'm lost.
What are you doing here?
That's life.  What can I tell you?
Yes.
Yes.
I guess you have your reasons.
Not exactly.
Thank you.
Happy Birthday, Bill.
An indictable offense.
An offense --
Undisclosed conflict of interest --
Moreover, Agent Joe Black here -- of course that's not his real name -- smelled out your involvement, Drew.  He developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.  Unfortunately, that's known as a conflict of interest --
And we're very grateful.
The Treasury Department asked my cooperation in his undercover investigation of John Bontecou. They were convinced that Bontecou, on past deals, had structured his mergers and acquisitions in sus- picious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.  The IRS wanted to go after him, and this deal offered them the opportunity.  I agreed to cooperate.
-- An IRS man.
I'll take it from here --  I am --
He is --
Prepare yourself, Drew - I am --
I told you to shut up.
It's not necessary, Joe.  Drew's going to step aside --
It's time to put this person where he belongs.
Joe, don't do this --
Get him in here.
Okay.
I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.
Are you threatening me?
I don't expect you to.
I don't like what you're saying.
Does she know where she's going?
No.
With you?!  Who is 'you'?  Did you tell her who you are?
Susan wants to come.  She says she's in love with me.
Well, they're mine now.
Those were my words, Bill.
Multiply it by infinity and take it to the death of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
So that's what love is?
Trust, responsibility, taking the weight, for your choices and feel- ings and spending the rest of your life living up to them.  And above all, not hurting the object of your love.
Which is what?
Some aimless infatuation in which, for the moment, you feel like in- dulging.  It's missing everything that matters.
Then what is it?
How perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it pleases you.  It's not love --
I love her, Bill.  She is all that I ever wanted, and I've never wanted for anything because I've never wanted anything before, if you can understand.
Susan is my daughter, she has a wonderful life ahead of her and you're going to deprive her of it and you're telling me you're sorry?  Well, I'm sorry, apology not accepted.
I'm sorry, Bill --
You're not taking Susan anywhere. And what the hell does that mean anyway?
I think you heard me, Bill.
You're what?
I'm in love with your daughter, and I'm taking her with me tonight.
Say again?
-- And I'm in love with your daughter.
You 'want to know', I'll tell you. You're looking at a man who tonight is not about to walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, he's galloping into it.  And the same time, the business he built with his own hands and his own head is being commandeered by a couple of cheap pirates.  And, oh yes, I almost forgot, my daughter's fallen in love with Death.
I was just asking, Bill.
What the hell do you care?
Not at all.
Thanks.
Good.  Tomorrow, after the party.
Yeah.
You are?
What are you saying, that it's time to go?
-- I have the feeling that, all in all, what I made this voyage for -- has served its purpose.
Yes?
Uh --
I told you, 'watch it'.
Cut the 'Bill' crap out -- you sonofabitch.
May I remind you this is not just a dispute with a putative suitor, this is me.  So watch it...Bill.
And I don't give a shit.
I don't like your tone, and I don't like your references.
Any universe that exists or ever existed.  You may be the pro, Joe. But I know who you are.  And you're all fucked up.
This universe?
You're violating the laws of the universe.
I picked you for your verve, your excellence, and for your ability to - how shall I say - instruct.  You've lived a first-rate life.  And I find it eminently usable.
Yes, and stop repeating everything I say, and turning it into a question. Spooning, fooling around, God knows what.  You arrive on the scene -- why you picked me, I still don't under- stand --
'Spooning'?
Well, you goddam well should.  You walk into my life, give me the worst news a guy can get, have me dancing on the heads of pins with my busi- ness and with my family, and now you're spooning with my daughter.
With all due respect, Bill, I'm not asking your permission.
I'm her father!
I'll be the judge of that.
Well, you're at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong woman.
Yes, I saw you see me.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I couldn't sleep.
Then I can't help you.
I'm not hungry.
Never mind.  I'm tired.  I'm going to take a nap.
'Fish'?
What 'okay' is, it's 'okay' it's over.  We've got bigger fish to fry, don't we, Joe?
Just a manner of speaking.
What's okay?
That's okay.
I'm sorry, Bill --
Goodnight.
Okay.  Goodnight.
Um -- not right now.
Hello.  Would you like to join me, Quince and Allison for a nightcap?
Hello, Bill.
Are you going to fire me, Bill?
How about you telling me?  When I ask a simple question, I expect a straight answer.  That's what I'm used to.  Anybody who doesn't give it to me, I fire.
You tell me, Bill.
What way would you put it?
I wouldn't put it that way.
About Susan?
I guess...
You were just curious?
I don't know.
Why did you go to the hospital?
Easy, Bill.  You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation.
And I don't need your goddamn permis- sion either!  You!  Drew!  I don't need anyone to tell me how to run my life.
Okay.
I don't want anybody buying up my life's work and turning it into something it wasn't meant to be.  A man wants to leave something behind. And he wants it left behind the way he made it.  And he wants it to be run the way he run it -- with a sense of honor, of dedication, of truth. Okay?
Why, at this juncture, are you letting yourself be so concerned by business matters?
Absolutely.
Dinner?  Absolutely.
This part I'm interested in.
I thought you'd heard a trillion times --
Well...I don't know.
Why didn't you stop me?
And more.
Cold lamb sandwiches -- not as chewy as roast beef, not as boring as chicken.  She knew stuff like that.
Uh-huh.
Glad you like it.  My wife turned me onto cold lamb sandwiches.  Joan -- that was my wife --
Truly - uh - splendid.
Cold lamb sandwich with cilantro.  A little Coleman's mustard.
Excellent.  What is it?
It's all yours.
Are you going to eat your lunch
No thank you, Bill.  I can manage.
Jennifer, give Mr. Black a map of the city.
Oh.  Okay.
Now I'd like to be alone.
Of course.
Joe, could I ask you to take a walk? Buy a tie or something.  I know I'll be seeing you.
You're not thinking of going some- where, are you, Bill?
Yes, I am.  There's a research lib- rary on the fourth floor.  Why don't you go down and read some magazines?
Are you sad, Bill?
...I'd like to be alone for a while.
I don't understand.
-- What's the deal here?  Are you going to be breathing down my neck right 'til the very end?
Yes.
Would you like to sit down, Joe?
I'm sure you'll see to it that it won't be a problem.
What I'm trying to say is this is a Board meeting and you are not a mem- ber of the Board.
No.
Perhaps you would like to wait in my office --?
So can I.
Yes.
Can you keep a secret?
What's it like where I'm going?
What do you mean?
What's it like?
I understand.
I want to live.
That's what everybody says.
I'm not everybody.
That's what everybody says.
-- I don't deserve this.  I'm still young, this is not my time --
Not this.
There's one to every rule.
Make an exception?
How about giving a guy a break?
Yes, Bill.
Joe --?
So you've grasped the idea.  Con- gratulations.  Now multiply it by infinity and take it to the depth of forever, and you still will have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
Of course.
So you understand the concept then. When you're busy here, your work, what your task is, is being executed elsewhere.
I guess so.
You were hatching ideas, making plans, arriving at decisions, right?
What do you mean?
When you were shaving this morning, you weren't just shaving, right?
You've got a deal.
Yes?
Bill --
You give your word, I give mine -- that we'll do what we say.  It's a truth exchanged between two people.
A 'deal'?
It is a deal?
Sounds fair enough.
And I won't tell anyone who you are.
And what?
Oh, I wouldn't tell them anything, Bill.  You'll ruin the good start we had last night.  I felt as if I were being treated like a person.  'Joe' this and 'Joe' that - a nice smile - Quince passed me the rolls -- no 'rapture' or 'passion' or any of those mighty things you seem so intent on imparting, but I am cer- tain, should you - uh - say - uh - who I am - our adventure would end abruptly.
Um -- well, I didn't sleep too well. This is crazy.  This is the left- field thing of all time.  What do I do?  What do I tell my family?
'Feeling'?  I feel fine.  How do you feel?
How are you?  How're you feeling?
Good morning, Bill.
Good morning.
Good night to you, Bill.
And - uh - I  guess, 'goodnight'.
Not at all.
Well, thank you for letting me know.
Closer than that.
I hope you realize, Bill...in your office this morning, that was your time.
No --
Your doctor?  Did your doctor say anything about a tiny, undetectable hole in your aorta?  Did he mention an irreparab- ly weak vein in the further reaches of your famous brain?  Were there any prognostications about the possibil- ilites of a fatal collision on a golf cart or suffocating in an avalanche on a ski vacation in Gstaad?
...I just saw my doctor, he told me everything was fine.
That's the best I can do.  ...but minute-by-minute, I find myself lingering.
When you go, I go.
You're putting me on the spot, Bill.
How long have I got?
I won't.
If there is anything else, don't hesitate --
No.
Thank you.  Would you like the man's name?
What a good idea.
It hadn't occurred to me until then. I was just having such a wonderful time -- Besides, isn't this what I'm here for?
I wish you had said something to me about staying here --
No.
So there's nothing between you and Susan?
I didn't know her.  The body I took knew her.  The man she met in the coffee shop this morning.  I - uh - took him.
Shook me up.  I mean that you knew her and everything --
'Threw' you?  Where?
...I'm sorry, I'm a little discon- certed, that stuff between you and Susan -- uh -- threw me.
Thank you.
Joe, that's the kitchen.
Joe knows what you're saying, just being polite --
No --
Then don't.
When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner.
Speak up, please.
It just occurred to me --
Of course.
Excuse me?  Could I say something?
Bill, I am eating dinner with you. And your family.  And that's what we're doing.  It's not open for discussion.  Nothing is.  Don't you understand?
This is crazy -- you're not going to eat dinner with us.
And then --?
You should hope quite a while.
I do?  How long will you be staying?
You fill the bill, Bill.
You want me to be your guide --?
The jacket and the pair of pants came with the body I took.  Let me ask your opinion.  Do I blend in?
You're not Death.  You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants.
That's me.
Death!
Yes.
'...Yes --'
You are --?
You're coming to 'take me'.  What is that?  Who the hell are you?
I am not a dream.
Am I dreaming this?  Are you a dream?
Yes, Bill.  The question.
The 'question' --
Bill.  Come on.  The question.  The question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in Delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.  The question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in the ears over and over as you put it to yourself --
What question?
'Yes' is the answer to your ques- tion.
Yes what?
In return you'll receive minuets, days, weeks, I'm not going to go into details ... what matters is that I stay interested.
I'm sorry --
Watch it!
What the hell are you talking about?
Time.
Get what?
Show me around.  Be my guide.  And in return, you get...
'The one' to do what?
It requires competence, wisdom, experience -- all those things they say about you in testimonials -- and you're the one.
'Take me'...?  Where?
I want to have a look around before I take you.
About what?
Just think of millenniums multiplied by aeons compounded by infinity, I've been around that long, but it's only recently that your affairs here have piqued my interest.  Call it boredom, the natural curiosity of me, the most lasting and significant element in existence has come to see you.
What the hell is this?  Who are you?
The great Bill Parrish at a loss for words?  The man from whose lips fall 'rapture' and 'passion' and 'obses- sion'...all those admonitions about being 'deliberately happy', what there is no sense 'living your life without...', all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones --
Quiet.
What is this, a joke, right?  Some kind of elaborate practical joke? At my 40th reunion, we delivered a casket to the Class president's hotel room and --
I'm here.
Where are you?
Know what?  Know what, goddammit!
I think you know --
What do you mean?!
There's going to be plenty of time for that.
Please.  Talk to me --
It's enough now.
Where are you?  Are you there?
No, you're not.  You're trying to 'handle' the situation but this is the one situation you knew you never could handle.
I'm sorry, I --
Are you giving me orders?
What you were talking about.
What are you talking about?
Try.  Because 'if you haven't tried, you haven't lived'.
I don't!
I think you know --
I believe you did.
I didn't ask any question.
'Yes' is the answer to your question.
'Yes' what?
What?
'...I know, it's none of my business.'
Sir, I'll deliver the package.
Quince, I've got confidence in you.
You think Drew will go for it?
All in all, what Bill wants to do is build the golden bridge to Drew with no hard feelings.
Yes, I believe I do.
Joe knew the whole story.  I told him.  It was his idea that I come clean.  I mean I wanted to come clean but he gave me a pair of balls, you know what I mean?
Sure.
Come in, Joe -- I want to thank you -- okay, Bill?
It's okay, Quince.  I understand. You've always meant well and I appreciate that.  Sometimes things just turn out -- wrong.
...what can I say after I say that I'm sorry?  I zipped when I should've zagged, I opened my big mouth one too many times, everything got all twisted --
The vodka.  What'd I tell you?
This one.
See.  There.  What'd I tell you?
Yeah, I give a shit.
But he does give a shit.  Don't you, Bill?
No thank you, Quince.  I'm sorry, honey.  I'm no good at this.  Why don't you choose whatever cake you like?
This is great, honey.  The orange. Has it got a little vodka in it? Like that Finnish stuff, orange vodka --  Put your lips around this one, Bill. It's out of this world.
Joe, you don't know how glad I am you're aboard.  Anybody who can take some of the weight off the old man, I'm in his corner.
No, anything is possible.  It's up to Joe.
Yeah.  Or the week after.
Next week?
But I've got to tell you, if mergers are in the wild, I've got some great prospects I've developed.  I want to talk to you about them next week.
Thank you, Quince.
...I read you all the way on the Bontecou thing, and I know where you're coming from.  And I'm with you a hundred and one percent.
Bontecou Day.  Going to close with Big John -- Look at you, Bill, all cool as a cat and over at Bontecou's, I'll bet he's shitting in his pants.
How's that, Quince?
I am, this is it.  B Day.
I'm doing great.  You ready?
How're you doing--?
Good morning, Quince.
Hi, Bill --
But we want you back, Bill.  Mean- while, enjoy your party, celebrate, we'll attend to the nasty details. And Mr. Black, may we say thank you.
Well, thank you, that's great, but it's more than I bargained for.  I just wanted to set the record straight.
We're all ears.
I appreciate this, Eddie, members of the Board, this will just take a minute of your time.  As the custo- dians of the company, you may re- ceive information from what follows that is valuable to you --  -- or not.  Either way, thanks.
We're all here, Bill --
Okay, Eddie -- anyway, thanks for the memory.
Sorry, Bill, have a drink, eat your cake, blow out the candles and make a wish.  Talk to you Monday.  Okay?
If you're trying to show me lay- down-in-front-of-the-bus loyalty, forget it.
No, I'm going to stay down here, keep my finger in the dike and maybe by Monday, the waters could recede.
Eddie, hold out all the hope you want but, I promise you, it's hope- less, it's over.  Come on up, let's get drunk, if I had your shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this --
The Board's working through the weekend, tying up the loose ends on this damn thing.  But I want to give it one more try, I'm still holding out some hope.
Fine, fine.  Big doing up here.  Why are you still down here?
Yeah - Bill - How are you?  You okay?
Eddie?
I'm going to stick it out here.  We still have a shot.
Yes, the big 'celebration' of my mandatory retirement birthday. You're an honored guest, Eddie.
I still sense some doubt in this group, we could turn it around. You'll be up in the country?
Please, Eddie, no 'Fat Lady Sings" shit.
...It's not over, 'til it's over.
Well said, Eddie.  Mr. Black, shall we?
Why don't we let it rest for the moment?  Give it some air?
The fireworks are about to start.
What was that?
Oh, Dad, you're not old.  You'll never be old.
If you don't mind dancing with an old fogey like me.
Oh, yes --
I'm still here.  Would you like to dance with me, Susan?
That's why it's okay.
I love you, Daddy --
No -- I love you so much and I want you to promise me something.  I don't want you to ever worry about me.  If anything should happen, I'm going to be fine and everything's going to be all right.  -- And I have no regrets.
Daddy --
I want you to know how much I love you.  That you've given a meaning to my life that I had no right to expect, and that no one can ever take from me.
But what?
Yes, but --
Are you relieved?
I'm sorry.
You were right about Joe, he is going somewhere --
I'm having a helluva time.
What a night.
I don't care if you love him!  I'm telling you he's no good for you!
I love him.
In this case, I can't.  I - uh -- I just can't help you.  I only would tell you -- that with Joe, you are on very, very dangerous ground.
C'mon!  The guy's working with you. You always know chapter and verse about everyone who works --
I don't know, I can't say --
Where's he going?
Susan, I don't think Joe is going to be with us long.
What are you afraid of, Dad?  That I'll fall head over heels for Joe -- well, I have -- as you did with Mom.  That's always been standard, whether you like or not.
You don't know anything about Joe --
Why?  A man appears at your side, almost never leaves it, you clearly trust him, depend on him, I sense you value him deeply, why aren't those things good enough for me?
This is crazy --
Love.  Passion.  Obsession, all those things you told me to wait for.  Well, they've arrived.
I don't understand.
Because I was sitting in a staff meeting, incredibly bored, my mind kept wandering and the only place it landed was -- Joe.
I don't know.
Where is he?
Joe?
Where's Joe?
It's something.
Then what is it?
When you say 'nothing' that way, it's not nothing.
Nothing.
Now we love Drew and Joe in verbo- ten?  What's going on?
I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for.  Drew's a good man.  I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate --
Then what will you say?
I won't say you may be getting onto shaken ground --
Well, remember how you told me about "lightning striking"?  The nature of it's in there somewhere.
What is the nature of your interest in Joe?
Raise away.
Do you mind if I raise a little caution flag?
Yeah, it's good to get together.
That was wonderful.
Will it?...
It'll come back, Daddy.
Cut it out, Susan.  You and I've got to talk.  Big day tomorrow, everybody.  Joe, let's go.
Funny, I don't get that feeling. Maybe it's because you found out I'm Bill Parrish's daughter.
Incidentally, 'Joe' what?
Uh - will that hold you, Joe?
-- This morning.  The Corinth Coffee Shop.  He was looking for a doctor.
What?!
We've met.
You know each other?
Yer damn right.
Well, go get 'em, Pops.
A-Okay.  Got my gloves on, my ears pricked.  I'm ready for action.
Are you okay?
Nothing.
What is it, Daddy --?
Nothing.  I'm sorry.
Daddy, what's the matter?
He doesn't care.  But thanks anyway.
Thank God.
I know.  But I'm the only father you've got.
You're terrible.
You won't tell him, and even if you did, he'd clock it and punch it into his laptop in order to pull out some key phrases when he gives the Commencement Speech at Wharton.
I won't.  And when I tell Drew about it, he won't either.
Stay open.  Who knows?  Lightning could strike.
I'm sorry.  But give it to me again. The short version.
Aw, you're tough.
Bravo.
I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without.  If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with?  I say fall head over heels.  Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back.  And how do you find him?  Forget your head and listen to your heart.  I'm not hearing any heart.  Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back.  Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this.  To make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try.  Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
'Be deliriously happy'.  I'm going to do my upmost --
Be deliriously happy.  Or at least leave yourself open to be.
That's all?
Well, it worries me.  I want you to get swept away.  I want you to levitate.  I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.
Don't get dirty, Dad --
Oh yes, I am.  Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill, this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
You're not listening --
That's for me.  I'm talking about you.  It's not so much what you say about Drew, it's what you don't say.
So what's wrong with that?
Listen, I'm crazy about the guy -- He's smart, he's aggressive, he could carry Parrish Communications into the 21st century and me along with it.
What were you going to say?
Well, I wasn't going to say that --
And I'm your daughter and no man will ever be good enough for me.
Susan, you're a hell of a woman. You've got a great career, you're beautiful --
Uh oh --
Don't get carried away.
Probably.
Forget about me and Mom -- are you going to marry him?
You mean like you loved Mom?
Do you love Drew?
I know it's none of my business --
...There's a start for a meeting.
I am.  With you.
I thought you were in a meeting--?
Thank God.  Now could we go?  Let's get this day started.
You're only six-five once.
Not my birthday again?
...Then don't.
I don't like to interfere.
Yeah.  I guess so.
You like him, don't you?
I hope so.
Does Drew tell you everything?
Drew told me.
How did you know?
Will you relax?  I know it is a big deal day --
He wanted to ride back down with you. Now sit and relax, get some- thing in that flat tummy of yours --
Drew's aboard?
Hi, honey.
Good morning, Dad.
But we've got time.
...We know so little about each other.
Y'didn't?
No --
You said you liked me.
Because I like you so much.  Now I've got to go.
Why not?
Sure, I'll give you the name of a doctor.  ...And I don't want to examine you.
Because I like you so much.  You have coffee here every morning, don't you?  If I came by, could you give me the name of a doctor?
Why?
I've been thinking... I don't want you to be my doctor.  Because I don't want you to examine me.
No, it was so right it scares me.
Did I say something wrong?
I've got to go --
You never know.  Lightning could strike.
You'll have a hard time finding a woman like that these days --
I would.
You'd give up what you want for the woman you marry?
I know what you're saying.  Doesn't pay very well.  Depends on the woman I marry.  Maybe she'd like a bigger house, a better car, lotsa kids, college doesn't come cheap --
'Pro bono'.  That means doing good -- Going to be doing good all your life?
...It's kind of a pro bono job.
And I want to get into my apartment and go to work.  Please, what do you say, another cup of coffee?
I've got patients coming in --
How 'bout another cup of coffee?
Not at all.
-- This is my lucky day.  I arrive in this big bad city and I not only find a doctor, a beautiful woman as well.
Yes, I could.  I have an office in the hospital.
'Her'.
I could be her.
So if I needed a doctor, you could be it?
Me?  Internal medicine.
Everybody's a doctor around here. This apartment house is all green pajamas and slippers.  The guy I'm waiting for to vacate is a doctor. What kind of doctor?
How'd you know?
Damn right.  Looking for her right now.  Who knows?  You might be her.
So you're a one-girl guy?
I'm not trying to sharpshoot you, but that 'nothing lasts' stuff, that's what was the trouble with Honey's guy.  He was fooling around and Honey caught him at it.  One girlfriend wasn't enough for him.
I was just being agreeable, now I've got to explain why?
Why?
I agree --
Nothing lasts.
What's the way?
Nothing to be sorry about.  That's the way with men and women, isn't it?
I'm sorry --
My kid sister.  She just broke up with her boyfriend and she's thinking about dropping out of law school.
You and 'Honey'?
Oh yeah?  What was 'fascinating' about it?
Not at all.  It was fascinating.
Good morning, I was talking kind of loud there, sorry.
I've got to get back for the evening shift, so make yourself at home, watch T.V., whatever. Just grab a blanket and pillow off the bed. I never need them all anyway.
MEMENTO Pink Revisions - 9/7/99 85.
Not to me! I wasn't fucking married to her!
79.
I know about your fucking condition, Leonard! I probably know more about it than you do! You don't have a fucking clue about anything else!
78.
Relax a little, okay? Take off your jacket.
39.
This has nothing to do with you. You helped me out, and I'm grateful.
38.
It's not your fault. See, you have this condition...
21.
From what?
69.
Sense of humour went with the memory, huh? You know why you're still here, don't you?
66.
I think I know her.
47.
Because you're relying on them alone. You Don't remember what you've discovered or how. Your notes might be unreliable.
30.
MEMENTO Pink Revisions - 9/7/99
You read it off your fucking photo. You don't know me, you don't even know who you are.
Whatever gets you off.
No. Just leave the stuff lying around as if it were yours. Like you just took it off or something.
Should I wear it?
That's it.
That's it?
Just loud enough to wake me up.
Slam it?
It's simple, you just go to the bathroom.
Well, what then?
* I'm not too good on the phone. I need to		    * look people in the eye when I talk to			  * them.							    *
And he says you're gonna wanna hear what he's got to say.							   *
A cop?
Yeah, but there's a call for you from this guy. He's a cop.
That's right I did, didn't I?
I know you said you didn't want any calls...
Yeah?
Leonard, it's Burt from the front desk.
Hi, Leonard.
I'm sorry, I think I'm checked in here, but I've misplaced my key.
Leonard.
You don't have to be that honest, Burt.
Yeah, well you're not gonna remember, anyway.
Well, at least you're being honest about cheating me.
Just two. So far.							  *
So how many rooms am I checked into in this dump?
You're still paying for it. It's still Your room.
Why didn't you clean it out?					 *
Business is slow. I told my boss about You, about your condition. He told me to Try and rent you another room.
Why?
Last week. Then I rented you another one On top of this.
When was I in here?
This was your room. You're up in 304 now.
Then why is this my handwriting?
No, let's go.
This isn't my room?
This isn't your room. You're in 304. I Fucked up.
What?
Shit. Wrong room.
Hi, Leonard.
I'm sorry, I think I'm checked in here, But I've misplaced my key.
He's not my friend, Burt. But if he calls, or if he turns up here, then you give me a call in my room, okay?
Seen you together, that's all.
What makes you think he's my friend?
As requested.
So you're holding my calls?
Couple days.
How long have I been here?
That must suck. All... backwards.				 *
Like waking. Like you always just woke up.							 *
What's it like?
My wife.
No. It's different. I have no short-term memory. I know who I am and all about myself, but since my injury I can't make any new memories. Everything fades. If we talk for too long, I'll forget how we started. I don't know if we've ever met before, and the next time I see you I won't remember this conversation. So if I seem strange or rude, that's probably...
Amnesia?
I have no memory.
Condition?
That's the thing. I have this condition.
You said you like to look people in the eye when you talk to them. Don't you remember?
I think I may have. I'm not good on the phone.
You don't know?
Burt, I'm not sure, but I may have asked you to hold my calls -  MEMENTO Blue Revisions - 8/27/99
Burt.
I'm sorry... um... ?
What can I do for you, Leonard?
I'm Mr. Shelby from 304.
Hiya.
I forget.
I just want you to tell me how you came by that car.
Interested in buying one?
Where'd you get it?
Thanks.
I like your car.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
I haven't made a strong enough impression.
You did.
Who did this to you?
What?
I don't want your fucking money!
Take the money and walk away!
You think you can bargain with me?!
Look, there's two hundred grand stashed in the car. Just take it!
Strip!
Wait! Did he tell you what I was bringing?
I don't want blood on them.
Why?
Quiet!
I knew I couldn't trust that fuck -
Don't say anything else.
You're making a big fucking mistake. My associates are not people you want -
Expecting any other Jimmy's out here, Memory Man? Where the fuck's Teddy?
You Jimmy Grantz?							  *
Yeah, I remember you.
Do you remember me?
What the fuck are you doing here?
Jimmy?
So why did you come here?
I can't make new memories. Everything			  * fades, nothing sticks. By the time we finish this conversation I won't remember how it started, and the next time I see you I won't know that I've ever met you before.
You have no idea where you've just come from? What you've just done?
I don't know. I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Did Teddy send you?
My name's Leonard.							 *
Are you Teddy?
Chronic alcoholism ~ one cause of short term memory loss.
Jimmy Grantz. Know him?
Who's your boyfriend?
My boyfriend told me about you.
How do you know about me?
You're the memory guy?
I don't remember. See, I have no short-			* term memory. It's not amnesia -				   *
You tell me.
Oh. But haven't we met before?
Well, that's me.
I'm meeting someone called Natalie.
What are you here for?
There's a dress code?
Don't just waltz in here dressed like			  * that and order a beer.						  *
A BEER, please.
What do you want?
Beer, please.
I remember my wife dying.
What?
Dying.
Sweet.
My wife.
Thanks.
On the house.
Thank you.
You can stay here for a couple of days if it'll help.
* John G. was clever. He took the dead man's gun and replaced it with the sap that he'd hit me with. He left my gun and left the getaway car. He gave the police a complete package. They found a sap with my blood on it in the dead man's hand, and they only found my gun. They didn't need to look for anyone else. I was the only guy who disagreed with the facts, and I had brain damage.						 *
How did they explain what you remembered? The gun and stuff?
Why not?
They're not looking for him.
Can I ask you something?
* Depends on if he's here in town. Or if he's moved on. See, I've got all this -			*
About your whore of a wife?
Don't say another fucking word!
Shut the fuck up!
You pathetic piece of shit. I can say whatever the fuck I want and you won't have a clue, you fucking retard.
Yes.
Maybe it is! How the fuck would you know?! You don't know a fucking thing! You can't get scared, can you get angry?!
Just take it easy, this isn't my fault.
That's easy for you to say! You can't get scared, you don't remember how, you fucking idiot!
Calm down.
I can talk about whoever the fuck I want! You won't even remember what I say! I can tell you that your wife was a fucking whore and we can still be friends!
Don't talk about my wife.
That's different.
What then? Love? What would you kill for? For your wife, right?
What do you think I am?! I'm not gonna kill someone for money.
Kill him. I'll pay you.
What?
Get rid of Dodd for me.
How?
Help me.
I'm not.
Don't protect him.
Neither do I.
What happened is that Jimmy went to meet a guy called Teddy. He took a lot of money with him and he didn't come back. Jimmy's partners think I set him up. I don't know whether you know this Teddy or how well -
What happened?
I have this condition -
You don't know, do you? You're blissfully ignorant, aren't you?
What's this all about?
No!
Did you?
Wants to know what happened to Jimmy. And his money. He thinks I have it. He thinks I took it.
What does he want?
Calls himself Dodd.
Who?
Somebody's come. Already.
What's wrong?
He was beating the crap out of me! I had to tell him something!
Why would you do that?
I told him about your car.
Me? Why would he be interested in me?
This guy's dangerous, let's think of something else.
Yeah, I hated it.
Yeah?
My wife used to call me Lenny.
He'll kill you, Lenny.
Give him some bruises of his own and tell him to look for a guy called Teddy.
And? 
I'll go see him.
What are you gonna do?
Where is he?
He didn't believe me. He said that if I don't get him the money tomorrow he's gonna kill me. Then he started hitting me.
And what did he say?
I did exactly what you told me. I went to		   * Dodd and I said that I didn't have				* Jimmy's money, or any drugs, that this Teddy must have taken everything.
Who?! Fuck, Leonard! Dodd! Dodd beat the shit out of me.
Who?
Maybe I can help you find him. I know a			* lot of people.
Kill him.
They don't look too hard for guys like Jimmy.
What do the police think?
Who did he go to meet?
He went to meet somebody and didn't come back.
What happened?
His name was Jimmy.
Just relax.
It's not easy to be calm when -
She's gone and the present is trivia, which I can scribble down as notes.
Your wife?
I know the feel of the world.  I know how this wood will sound when I knock.  I know how this glass will feel when I pick it up.  Certainties. You think it's knowledge, but it's a kind of memory, a kind you take for granted. I can remember so much.  I know the feel of the world,  and I know her.
Such as?
There are things you know for sure.
You decided to help me. Trust yourself. Trust your own judgment. You can question everything, you can never know anything for sure.
Course not.
Kill him.
What?
Did you?
Something feels wrong. I think someone's fucking with me. Trying to get me to kill the wrong guy.
Yes.
So I just take your word?
I came to you straight after he did it. I showed you what he'd done and asked for your help.
How do I know he did that to you?
Leonard, you offered to help when you saw what this guy did to me.
That's the problem! How can I find John G. when I don't know what's going on?! How did you get me into this?!
Calm down. You're not into anything. It was my problem, you offered no help. It's got nothing to do with your investigation.
Who is he? What have you got me into?
Guess I don't have to worry about him anymore.
Yeah. You?
Sleep okay?
You know what we have in common?
Don't remember.
They treating you alright?
Sorry.
I wasn't helping you for money.
Sounds perfect? What do I owe you?
It's isolated.
Deals?
I wrote an address in there, too. Might be useful. It's this abandoned place outside of town. I guy I know used to use it for his bigger deals.
She was beautiful. Perfect to me -				*
Because you like to remember her. I want to see you enjoy yourself.
Why?
Tell me about her again.
* So I'll take a picture, get a tattoo.			  * 							   * The world doesn't disappear when you			   * close your eyes, does it? My actions			   * still have meaning, even if I can't			    * remember them. My wife deserves				   * vengeance, and it doesn't make any				* difference whether I know about it.			    *
But even if you get your revenge, you won't remember it. You won't even know it's happened.
Then you shouldn't have to ask.
Yes.
Have I told you what this man did?				*
No. But the photo on his license looked familiar. I think he's been in the bar before
You know him?
Must be tough living life according to a few scraps of paper. Mix up your laundry list and your grocery list, you'll be eating your underwear.
Yes.
Is that what your little note says?
So you have information for me?
Yeah.
You told me.
Please call me Leonard. My wife called me Lenny.
You did explain, Lenny.
Sorry, I should have explained. You see, I have this condition -
You don't remember me.
She seemed to leave happy. I thought I'd helped her.
Thank you.
I believe that Sammy should be physically capable of making new memories.
I want you to forget the company you work for for thirty seconds, and tell me if you really think that Sammy is faking his condition.
Mrs. Jankis, what do you want from me?
Then why are you here?
I'm not appealing the decision.
We shouldn't even be talking this way while the case is still open to appeal.
I'm not interested in the company position, Mr. Shelby. I want to know your honest opinion about Sammy.
Mrs. Jankis, the company's position isn't that Sammy is "faking" anything, just that his condition can't be shown -
Mr. Shelby, you know all about Sammy and you decided that he was faking -
Don't be a prick. I'm not reading it to annoy you, I enjoy it. Just let me read, please.
Yeah, but the pleasure of a book is in wanting to know what happens next -
I enjoy it.
You've read it a hundred times.
It's good.
How can you read that again?
You can't just take it!
It is now.
Quit it!							 * 					   * You're not a killer, Lenny. That's why			 * you're so good at it.						   *
I should kill you.							 *
My mother calls me Teddy. I'm John Edward Gammell. Cheer up, there's a lot of John		    * G's for us to find. All you do is moan.			* I'm the one that has to live with what			 * you've done. I'm the one that has to put		    * it all together. You just wander around			* playing detective. You're living a dream,		   * kid. A dead wife to pine for and a sense		    * of purpose to your life. A romantic quest		   * which you wouldn't end even if I wasn't			* in the picture.							    *
Your name's Teddy.
To set yourself a puzzle you won't ever solve. You know how many towns, how many		    * guys called James G? Or John G? Shit, Leonard, I'm a John G.
Why would I do that?						    *
No. You took them out.						  *
You probably.							 *
Just some guy. Does it even matter who? I stopped asking myself why a long time ago. No reason, no conspiracy; just bad fucking luck. A couple of junkies, too			 * strung out to realize that your wife didn't live alone. When you killed him,			* I've never seen you so happy - I was convinced you'd remember. But it didn't stick, like nothing ever sticks. Like this won't stick.
So who are you saying he was?					*
I'm not. I was the cop assigned to your			* wife's death. I believed you, I thought			* you deserved the chance for revenge. I helped you find the other guy who was in your bathroom that night. The guy who cracked your skull and fucked your wife.		    * We found him and you killed him.				  *   MEMENTO - Green Revisions 10-4-99 115A.
Why do you keep lying to me?					 *
You know, when we found your guy and			   * killed him.  That's right, the real John G. Over a			  * year ago. I helped you find him. He's			  * already dead.							 *
I thought so too! I was sure you'd				* remember. But you didn't.					    *
When it's done, I'll know! It'll be different!
You won't remember!
Somehow, I'll know!
No, you won't.
Yes, I will.
Why? You're never going to know.				  *
It makes all the difference.					 *
What difference does it make whether he			* was your guy or not?						    *
But he's not the right guy!					  *
I guess I can only make you believe the things you want to be true, huh? Like ol'		   * Jimmy down there.
She wasn't diabetic. You think I don't			 * know my own wife? What the fuck is wrong		    * with you?							*
Are you sure?
My wife wasn't diabetic.
Sammy didn't have a wife.
I was wrong! That's the whole point! Sammy's wife came to me and -
You exposed him for what he was: a fraud.
I never said he was faking! I never said that!
Sammy was a con man. A faker.
Sammy let his wife kill herself! Sammy ended up in an institution - !				    *
Like you've told yourself. Over and over. Conditioning yourself to believe. "learning through repetition" -
That's Sammy, not me! I told you about Sammy -
I dunno... your wife surviving the assault... her not believing about your condition... the doubt tearing her up inside.., the insulin -
What the fuck are you talking about?
You tell everyone about Sammy. Everyone who'll listen. "Remember Sammy Jankis, remember Sammy Jankis". Great story. Gets better every time you tell it. So you lie to yourself to be happy. Nothing wrong with that - we all do. Who cares if there's a few little things you'd rather not remember?
He knew about Sammy. Why would I tell him about Sammy?							  *
That, and your thing.						   *
This is a drug deal?!
Well, I hope it's not as serious as his, 'cos this guy's dead.
I don't know. See, I have this condition.
Maybe. Maybe just.
No. Don't worry, I'm a cop. Everything'll be okay. Is he still breathing?
He might have fallen down the stairs, I don't know, I don't know what's going on, I'm confused. I have this memory thing - do I know you?
There's a guy in here, hurt bad! We gotta get him to a doctor!
What's wrong?
Wouldn't be appropriate.						*
You're not coming?
I'm a snitch. He's a cop from out of town looking for information. The local boys put us in touch.
How do you know him?
'Cos he fucking told me. He thinks it's funny. He's laughing at you.
How do you know this?
He knows you're no good on the phone, so		    * he calls you up to bullshit you.				  * Sometimes you stop taking his calls, so			* he slips something under your door to			  * frighten you into answering your phone			 * again. He's been pretending to help you.		    * Feeding you a line of crap about John G.		    * being some local drug dealer.					*
Envelopes?							    *
Why not?
Why? Come on, Leonard, we talked about this. It's not safe f or you to be walking around like this.
Why?
The Jaguar's out front. You didn't even Bother to put it around back.
How'd you know I was in here?
Don't go back in there. There's a motel out of town. 
Yeah, well, thanks for the advice.
I know, you investigated. Maybe you need to apply some of your investigative skills to yourself.
I didn't sell -
That's who you were, Lenny. You don't know who you are, who you've become since the incident. You're wandering around, playing detective... and you don't even know how long ago it was.
Yes, I do. I don't have amnesia. I remember everything about myself up until the incident. I'm Leonard Shelby, I'm from San Fran -
So in your grief you wandered into a Jaguar dealership?
My wife's death. I used to work in Insurance, we were well covered.
I have money.
Like how'd you get this car? That suit?
Like what?
The sort of questions you should be asking yourself.
What sort of questions?
How long do you think you can hang around here before people start asking questions?
Why?
I won't be happy until you leave town.
Happy now?
I'm trying to help you. I knew she'd get her claws into you. She doesn't know anything about your investigation, so when she offers to help you, it'll be for her own reasons. Why would I lie? Do not go back to her. Take out a pen, write yourself a note, do not trust her.
Why are you following me?
She has no idea who I am.
Why not?  MEMENTO Blue Revisions - 8/27/99
She couldn't.
Yeah, well maybe she'll make it you. Is that it? You worried she'll use me against you?
Guys who'll come after her. Guys who'll want to know what happened to her boyfriend. They'll want to make somebody pay. Maybe she'll try and make it you.
From who?
She's gonna use you. To protect herself.
She's involved with these drug dealers.
What do you mean "bad news"?
Because she'll have taken one look at your clothes and your car and started thinking of ways to turn the situation to her advantage. She's already got you staying with her, for fuck's sake. 
Why's that?
Who's she?
Lenny, as a buddy, let me inform you. Your business here is very much finished. You're still here because of Natalie.
Unfinished business.
Sammy. Remember Sammy. You told me about Sammy.
Prove it.
Teddy. Your buddy.
Who the fuck are you?
Natalie who?
I'm gonna ask Natalie what the fuck that was all about.
So what are you gonna do now?
You like it? Let's trade.
What's wrong with this one?
Fuck you. We shoulda taken his car.
Yeah. I think it was your sinister mustache that got him.
So was he scared?
Give me your keys.
I'll ride with him. You follow.
Easy for you to say, you've got the Jag.
Shut it, Teddy.
We probably ought to take his car, you know, teach him a lesson.
Fucking hope not.
It must be his. I don't think they'd let someone like me carry a gun.
I don't know.
How'd ya get him in here in the first place?
We can't just walk him out tied up and bleeding.
He's got to have a car, right? We just take him back to his car and tell him to get the fuck out of town before we kill him.
We've got to get him out of here.
Why?
Natalie? Natalie who?
No. No, just let me think for a minute.
I'm not gonna help you kill this guy, if that's what -
I might have fallen asleep before I did.
Think so? You don't know? Didn't you write it down?
I don't think so.
No! Should I?
You don't know him?
You called me. You wanted my help. You know, Lenny, I've had more rewarding friendships than this one. Although I do get to keep using the same jokes.
Why are you here?
Probably left it in your room.
Discount Inn. Don't know what room; haven't got my key.
Just for revenge. That's what keeps me going. It's all I have.
You're living.
He took away the woman I love and he took away my memory. He destroyed everything; my life and my ability to live.
You really want to find this guy?
Why?
Lenny, you can't trust a man's life to your little notes and pictures.
Yeah, well I go on facts, not recommendations, okay?
Well, the other day you made it sound like you thought somebody might be trying to set you up. Get you to kill the wrong guy.
Why?
The guy you're looking for, Johnny G. That's why you haven't left. Am I right?
Who?
Yeah, yeah. I heard enough about him. Tell me about John G. You still think he's here, right?
It's weird, but if you don't eat for a while then your body stops being hungry. You get sort of shaky but you don't realize you haven't eaten. Have I told you about Sammy Jankis?
You don't have to remember to be hungry.
It's my condition. I never know if I've already eaten, so I always just eat small amounts.
Only every time I see ya! Come on, I'll buy you lunch.
Guess I've told you about my condition.
So I see. It's good to see you. My name's Teddy.
Things change.
You said you were leaving town.
Unfinished business. What made you think I wasn't coming back?
I'll be waiting.							   *
Lenny, it's Teddy. Look, stay there, okay? I'm gonna be right over.
John Gammell?
Lenny, is that you?
Mr Gammell?
Yup?
I don't remember.
Yeah, it's just this fucked-up building.		    * Why are we going there?
You know it?
What the hell you want to go there for?
You're in a playful mood.
This is your car.
I guess I've told you about my condition.
Did you? I musta forgot. I'm Teddy.			    *
Lemme take you down in the basement and show you what you've become.
Shut your mouth!
That's who you were, you don't know who you are.
I'm Leonard Shelby, I'm from San Francisco and I'm -
Teddy!
Leonard, you don't have a clue what's going on. You don't even know my name.
Beg my forgiveness! Beg my wife's forgiveness before I blow your brains out!
Fuck you; I gave you a reason to live and		   * you were more than happy to help. You lie		   * to yourself! You don't want the truth,			 * the truth is a fucking coward. So you			  * make up your own truth.						 *
* Thank you.							    *
A load of amphetamine I told him I had.
What was it for?							   *
His name's James F. Grantz, John G. Check		   * your tattoos.							 *
Bullshit.							*
This bad cop. He checked you into the			  * Discount Inn. Then he's been calling you		    * for days, sticking envelopes under your			* door, telling you shit.						 *
What cop?
Why would I have a gun?
Okay. We clean him up, untie him and			   * march him out with a gun in his back.			  *
With the United Nations High Commission on Refugees.  Famine relief.
Doing...?
No.  I was in Namibia...
You in Miami workin' on your complexion...?
Gottingen.  That's in Sweden.
Lemon doesn't go in Gin and Tonics, darlin'.  Where ya' from?
Lemon or lime?
Gin and Tonic.  Plymouth or Boodles.
Trudy and I are goin' for Gina...
...eliminated one.  SWAT's on the next two...
There's three between Miami International and the glades.  I'm gonna try for her, but this is triage.  Protect the maximum number of lives.  You need to know that...
She's sending a message.  Meth Lab. Trailer park.  Anything with interesting antenna arrays...?
They may have already, so we protect the living.  Proof she's alive?
They'll kill Gina.
Then that's it.  Change the mission statement. Crockett stays in.  He keeps working up the ladder.  The local importers get a pass for the time being.
With Sonny.  110%.
So what's gonna persuade Montoya to change off Sal Maguda running his deliveries...?
Oh, yeah...
He any good?
Sal Maguda.
I got to know.  There is never any room for "personal"...
"And" what?
And...?
I was the kids' godfather.
About the Stevens family, I'm sorry.  I know you were close to them.
Grieve elsewhere.
We know these people...!
Turn around.
Quarter mile away.  We see the lights...
What's your twenty?
Yeah.
Safe house is empty...  Air Support's set to jump when we know your drop point.  Gina?
Just came in.  She's still alive.
You can't.
Get me Air Support...  We'll be airborne and assault the ambush...
It's a rip and a hit.
What do you think?
They'll have surveillance on us. We'll know only at the last moment...
Where's the new drop point...?
José Yero changed-up the drop plan on us.  He's grabbed Gina.
Yeah?
Three wakes off the back of those boats.  Who runs three Sterling engines off a deep-V hull?
Okay.  What'd you spot...?
Good.
He is fine.  And we know the jokes. When it gets vengeful, things get messy.  When they get messy the wrong people die...  Everybody gets it.
Recruit us to do what?
...I didn't want you around the crime scene because it's crawling with federal law enforcement.  We don't know who's straight up, who's not...
No, you don't, Jim.  'Cause if I close this down, you got nothing to make a phone call about.  And my guys don't have a week for a Feeb bureaucratic process.  Every hour longer they're in there, they risk exposure.  So, right here, right now, they're back in or I pull them out and close you down.  What's it going to be?
I got to talk to my ADO...
Yes you do...
I don't know.
Of course.  From my side, I don't WANT to know anything about what you're doing or how you do it...  So let me know if we're on...
I mean <u>full</u> disclosure.
Sure.
...you'd be operating outside territorial United States.  Your badges do not count.  You have no authorization to carry weapons.  If you're busted, it could take a long time to get you re-patriated.  And there's no backup...  And you will share with them all your intel on Montoya...
You need to consider a few issues.
They knew about Alonzo, <u>before</u> he made a move on them.  They had our operation.  They've cut into us.
Tell them what you want.
Not anymore.  This is a distribution network out of South Florida, moving poly-drug loads, crystal meth through coke, to Nashville, Atlanta, Memphis, Cleveland.  And computer fraud, identity theft. It's like that.
We're not certain!
You said Nazi Low-riders...?
We're not certain...
Deal.
Make it 35.
Make it 40%.
25% discount on the load.
My end?
Two main players plus three.
How many?
And our friend don't like the rest of the people bringin' the merch to you.
I got the item.
Okay.  You got the "item"?
All I want to know is the where and the when.  Spare me mini moves, progress reports and bullshit.
Meth precursors and the Dutch party favors are en route.
So...?
It still is.  I'm so in this, I don't know which way is up... All I know is I won't let anything bad happen to you.  Just like I said.  And I know we can't ever see each other again.  And we never will.
I know.  And now?
No part of it wasn't real.
No.
What are you going to do with me? Are you taking me to jail?  You think I will turn into your informant, is that it?
...it's gonna be an L-shaped ambush.  They're not gonna open up until they got the party favors, 'cause all they'd get is a lot of police scrambling to a gunfight. They <u>will</u> wait till they got the goods before they do the deed.
If they attack you...
Maybe.  Maybe with the crazy whites.
Yero, by himself?
I'll be on board by noon.
...in the morning.
Would you?  Because if you couldn't, I would be very lonely... I would have left the only world I know and have known since I was seventeen.  But none of this will happen.  So it doesn't matter.  Because we are on the Guajira Peninsula.  And all you see around you...look around... is Archangel de Jesus Montoya- Londono.  He is my man.  And you are a smuggler moving a load...
A few more moments, still in this business.  Then I'd find you.
And if I were in the Comoros, in the Indian Ocean, where would you be...?
This is the talk of a man...if he were your husband...he would never put you at risk.  He would never put you within a thousand miles of anything that could hurt you.
Is this the protective male talk?
Zanzibar.  The Comoros Islands. Somewhere in the Indian Ocean. There's twelve-hundred islands there...
Where would I go?
Of course.
Would you find me...?
Whenever.  Maybe later, maybe sooner.
When?
Sure.  As far away and as fast as you can.
Really?
Something like that.  The odds catch up with you.  The odds are like gravity.  You can't negotiate with them.  So...at some point, you should cash out, take your money and run...
'Cause whatever can go wrong, will...?
Everybody needs it.  Ask Prudential.  Or Allstate.
Do I need it?
...to fall back on.  You know, a fail-safe.  Insurance.
Why?
Do you have assets somewhere else? Bank accounts?
In Kowloon, once, I got one that said, "Live now because life is dust."
They're all the same.  "Financial security is around the corner." "Your friends love you."
What's the best fortune you ever got?
And the chopsticks and fortune cookies?
I forgot the napkins.
Hola, viejo.
Hola, chica.
Maybe I'm only one.
I would say you're...  ...four percentage points away from a deal...
What if I pushed to twenty-one...?
Twenty-eight-point-five.
Available cash is not an issue for us...
I need thirty.  Calculate in, also, the cash you don't have to front...
The range should be between fifteen and seventeen-point-five percent of the P.O.E....to even consider it.
And you're our thirty-percent partner?
'Cause we <u>guarantee</u> every load.  Anywhere, for any reason, it comes up short, we make good.  Your operations will, from now on, run risk-free.
'Cause you don't lose loads?
Zero risk.
Good samba dancing...?
Better than that.  We become partners.  Only in this territory and only on loads we run. And you don't pay us three thousand a ki.  You pay us zero.  Why we get is thirty percent of the load. Product or cash.  "And why," you're thinking, "would I be crazy enough to out in these gringos like that? Is he chipping?  Crazy for my love? Too many mojitas?"  And the answer is, "of course" but also "no.  It is because Sonny can deliver what no one else can."
Did Christmas come early this year...?
What do you mean?
Is it December?
Cost less.  That's the point.
And why should continuing excellence cost more?
Like "three thousand a ki?"  That's nice. And I can supply the transportation into South Florida and the Gulf, more reliable and on-time than FedEx.  But, three per ki was OK for openers.
Like...?
Exactly.
...and therafore there is no consequence?
That's right.
...'cause we have no future...are of today and not tomorrow.
"Probable"...applies to an event that may be real.  Doesn't apply here.
You know how improbable this is...?
To mothers.  And all that we owe them...
Died in childbirth, having me...
Blanca...a rubio like you.  I see her in a dress...an old photograph from Lucinda somebody's wedding...everybody is with couples.  Husbands and wives.  They all pose.  My mother is alone because my father had to go back to the fighting.  ...she looks right into the camera. She is the most beautiful woman in the room.  By herself.  In a party dress.  And she looked like she knew she would die alone...  She spoke many languages.  We were in Luanda when she died.  I went to her friends in Mali.  They sent me to the Ecole Polytechnique in Geneva to study mathematics, where I met Montoya in the discos.  He had banking there...I was seventeen and very much into the clubs.  And he sent me to University for an MBA in Finance.  Your mother?
Okay.  Macon, Georgia is where I was born. Wound up in a juvenile facility.  I was 14.  Then the military.  Then prison.  Because I was dumb and angry.  Then I read.  Then I got smart.  Then I discovered what I know, now...it's all business...
I insist.
No.
Tell <u>me</u> everything.
I dance...
Later!  Do you dance?
Mojitas...?
I am no one's wife.  I live in my own house.  I do not live in a man's house.  He has a wife.  We are together.  I am free.  Because of banking and finance and travel...  And I can do anything I want...
How's he not your husband?
Angolan Military.  Went back to the fighting.  Disappeared.  Who knows...?
Your father?
She's dead...
Where's she now?
Angola.  My mother was being a surgeon there.  She volunteered. Mozambique and Mali, too...  ...those days, in those days...she was part of Cuba's gift to the third world.  She came from a bourgeois family with a house in Verdado...we still have the house. We will go there...
Were you born in Havana?
I never do business in Cuba.  And nobody goes to Cuba but me.  And he is not my husband...
You do business in Cuba with your husband?
My cousin is the harbor master. You must not bring in drugs.  You cannot be armed.  If you're carrying, it has to go.  Or stow it inside.  No one will go near your boat...
Are you afraid?  Good.  And you don't need a visa. Cause you're with me.
Havana?  Cubans don't like us or my business...
Havana.
The Keys?
Off a little alley with cobblestones.  Hemingway went there...
Where's that?
Bodeguita del Medio.  It's the <u>only</u> place for mojitas...
So where's the best place for mojitas?
Show me...?
It goes very fast.
How fast does that go?
I'm a fiend for mojitas.
What do you like to drink?
And what is that?
There is one thing you can do for me in recognition of the death- defying risks we took to recover your product...
Nothing.  As in "free, gratis."
What's "nothing"?
What's the recovery?  How much are you looking for?
Okay.
We want it back.
Right now.
When?
You do.
I thought we had to meet the Man.
Really?  So, what is this, a party?
Put your guns on the table...  If we wanted you dead, you would no longer be drawing breath in Miami. We wouldn't have brought you all the way here.
'Cause she will tell you.
Proof of life.  How do I know Mrs. Rico's alive?
Mrs. Rico.  But don't worry.  She is safe.  To insure that, I am keeping her close to me.  It's always good to keep people your friends care about close to you.
What friend?
I confess I have succumbed to my weaknesses.  An inability to see another's point of view.  I've discussed it with professionals.  Even with one of your friends.  She's here now...
You got something to say, José, let's hear it.
Hey, Captain Kirk.  I think maybe I have second thoughts.
Yeah?
Fifty-gallon drums.  Thirty-two.  A hundred kilos in each.  You transship that to the Malaysian boat.
Packaging?
Here's what this is...ask how much they want to turn back to us our load...
He didn't.  Interrogation's not in our skill set.  So c'mon, what suspicions have you master-minded off these associations?
What'd Neptune tell you?
How 'bout this?  How'd Neptune know where to hit us?  Huh?  Whose Op sec's got a leak?  Yours?
And what do I do with him?
Yeah.
I'll be there.
He tried to..."do business"...with you.  Around ten.  His place.  Be there.
I do.  We don't do business with him...
"Extras" tried to relieve us of your weight...  And by the by, you know of a player in Overtown who goes by the name of "Things Aquatic"?
Client got delivery.  But there were..."extras" in the back of the truck.
I'm also called "Cochi Loco."  That means "Crazy pig."  'Cause I enforce security and get people to tell me what I need to know.  That part of what I do, you never want to find out about.  Other people will negotiate the money and go or not go.  Not me...
Red light, green light, José?
I am not John Wayne.  There is no "S" on his chest.  We get down if the play calls for it.  But we are into business and making money.
You afraid of violence?
Who you run loads for?  Cause other than Nicholas, you knows you?
What...?
Sit.
Sonny Burnett...this is my partner, Rico.
José...
Call the US Coast Guard:  "Come and arrest our ass."  And Switek resumes romancing Miss Ukraine...
What's the point?  It's going down.
What's your take?
And José, my ace, lots of transshipment.  Lots of action. Skies are crowded.  And the JIT has assets on land, air, and sea.  So any intel you got that can come our way and contribute to the good and welfare...?
If you see a few new faces, don't get jumpy...
I would never doubt you.
Do you <u>believe</u>...I have forgotten I am a cop?
I am asking.  You to me.
You think I am in so deep I forgot?
There is "undercover."  And there is "Which way is up?"
As in...?
What is going on...?!
We're the ones doing the death- defying shit?  And he wants us to give that up?  For what? A chump-change bust so he can get his picture in <i>The Miami Herald</i> to impress the slug farm in DC...
Chill out Sonny.
Hey, fuck him.
So we want to change-up the mission statement.
And we can illuminate part of it from the inside out.
Their loads are poly-drug.  "E" from Holland, methamphetamine precursors from Jordan, Afghan "H." Mid-ocean transshipments.  His real business is:  he's a network.
Mega-tonnage and mega-cash flow...
And what does that level of spending on first-class, private- sector infrastructure signify to you?
Yeah.  CIA-level stuff...
Oh, that makes it okay, then.
We're makin' moves on each other.
You're not makin' a move on her...?
No.
...where you're makin' a move on the wife of Archangel de Jesus Montoya?
No.  Havana, Louisiana.  Don't we have a meet?
Havana, Cuba...?
It's in the suburbs outside Havana.
Verdado where?
Verdado.
Where?
Hit a couple of jazz clubs.  Fell back to her place.
Where'd you go?
On my way back...
Where the hell are you, man?
Nothing.
How much we looking for?
Good.  So let's go...
No.
No.  You gonna give me phony reassurances?
Gina in the Miami pad.  You gonna give me phony denials?
Like...?
You worried about the tree line, US Customs AWACS, or something else on your mind?
To the limit.
Who knows...
They watching us watching them watching us waiting for them?  Or what?
Five minutes...
What do we got?
Port-Au-Prince.
Where we meeting 'em...?
Nothing.
Anything?
What happened to the last transporter you <u>had</u>?
Then it don't work.
Money thing is done in advance in places where there are no guns. Because when money and guns get together, there is violence...
What <u>you</u> get <u>from</u> us is a date.  A place.  "In the parking lot of a Jack-in-the-Box in north Miami."  At such-and-such time, an eighteen- wheeler will be there.  Keys in the ignition.  Ready to roll.  You pick it up.  And you drive it...  ...away.
The people on shore who handle a load we run are our people, not your people.  No tweakers, dopers, first- timers we don't know.  They didn't do time with us, they ain't doing crime with us.
What kind of weight?
And specialize in very fast go-fast boats for coastal runs.
So we can close each other's eyes right now.  Real easy.  Real fast.  But, then, nobody makes any money...
"No, viejo.  That was José Yero, splattered all over his motherfucking wall."
People gonna walk into this place and say, "Ola, hijo!  That some crazy wallpaper.  Whew...it wild! Is that a Jackson Pollack?"
That way we do not waste AvGas or our motherfucking time.
And we didn't come down here to audition.  Business auditions for us...  ...and know who we are and know they want their load run by us <u>before</u> Nicholas calls.
We could try to run loads into these guys.  Run a few loads for Montoya into South Florida.  Into this group.
So?
It says, "We do not fear you."  It says, "Fuck off and die."  It says, "We get down for recreation..."
Track with me, here...  They knew the "Russians" were undercover Feeb?  They should have no-showed.  But, no, these guys show anyway, and commit murder upon federal officers.  And steal all your money...  What does that say to you?
Transpo?  How they bringing the loads in...?
Aryan brothers are not going to change-up suppliers.  So...
White gangs is tweakers and a crystal meth lab in a trailer park. Bounce around the old lady Saturday night and get your recidivist ass busted back...
White gangs...?  It doesn't track.
Something's wrong.
Stevens?
Alonzo...
What is it?
Hello, Miss Ukraine...
The honey trap.  And there's the honey.
And there's Dmitri...
Skin has to touch skin.  That's the requirement for the warrant.  Then he makes a credible excuse and he stops....  Her crew blackmailed and asset- stripped the last mark down to his social security...
How lucky's Miss Universe gotta be?
Backup in case the Russians get physical.
What's our deal?
If you're down, we're down for the play.
Then you should.
If we were for real, and knew our shit, we'd fade this one...
Switek?
Too fast.  Too many moving parts.
Go ahead.
You're giving away your money, fool...
Twenty on my man...
Eleven to seven he blows it.
I'm my <u>own</u> man.  And anytime you want to see how much man I am?
Control your men.
Haiti and Puerto Rico.  Money through Dubai and Geneva maybe.
Out of...?
Montoya.  We went to meet the village priest.  It turns into Alice in the fucking Vatican and here's the Pope...of the North Valle Colombia dope trade.
What are you talking about?
Who's the "we"?  There's you and there's us.  And all we got from you was bad intel.  "Low-level producer."  Yeah, right...
Who said, "go exploring"?  We want this staying on track.
From the North Valle area.  New. Low-level, we think.
Never heard of him.
A Colombian producer.  Named Archangel de Jesus Montoya-Londono.
From whom...?
How do we do that?  Make a buy?  That went well...
Get into business with this crew, identify them.  Illuminate their network.  If you're lucky, discover their source, how they penetrated us.  We'll indict and take it from there...
To recruit you.
So what do you want?
We don't know.
How?
NLR, we think.  I wanna know...
OMGs, Mongols, Nazi Low-Riders, prison gangs?
...so there's <u>no</u> industrial- strength HRT weapons team out there tonight?
That's right.
And the deal goes down at another place at another time.
Meet and greet.  "I flash you some of mine, you flash me some of yours?"
"Buy and walk"?  "Buy and bust"? "Reverse undercover"?  What?
Guy's involved in a "meet"...
How do I know?  I got the call from Alonzo on an open line.  That is the hand we have been dealt at this moment, at eleven-forty-seven o'clock Friday night.  Okay?  I am trying to alert you, here.  <u>You</u> know whether or not...you have a thing goin' down.  I do not.  But we know this guy.  I think you know this guy.  Normally, he is cool.  Tonight he is distraught. That is atypical.  That engenders foreboding.  Do you understand the meaning of the word "foreboding"? As in badness is happening to <u>your</u> deal right fucking now?
How do I discuss operations over an open line?
A C.I. we cut loose to your Joint Interagency Task Force.  Name of Alonzo Stevens.  Now, he's YOUR informant.  Stevens, called us.  I haven't spoken to him for six months. I do not know what case you have him on.  I do not know what he is talking about.  But whatever he is doing for you, it sounds like it is going bad.  Right now...
Okay.  What's up?
4-4-7 Charlie 12-92.
What's your Miami PD badge number?
Detective Crockett.
This is Agent James Fujima.
Hello?
If they ran the rental car or lease on this place...even if it's EPIC database in El Paso...they'd have to work through the layers of bullshit three weeks deep.  Then they'd find your deeper, hidden criminal selves...
How will it stand up?
You're so <u>not</u> the PD, if you got busted on a DUI, you're in serious trouble...you're bad men back to grammar school.  San Quentin.  Pelican Bay.  Marine Corps.  Statesville. Pelican Bay, where you guys hooked up.  Now you're too smart and too fast to get jacked again...
Hi, Gina.  This is from Frick and Frack. Trudy?
"Hi, Gina.  Hi, Sonny."
I have faith.  In horoscopes and fortune cookies...
Have faith.
This I gotta see...  ...the "make up an excuse and stop" part.
How do I know?  But it was from the get-go.  Knew the FBI had run me into them.  Sonny, I gotta go...!
How'd they get onto you?
Goodbye.
Alonzo...!
...look after her.  Ask Rico to. Okay?  Do that for me.  I had to do it.  They had me from the gate. Do that.  Whatever you can do for them.  Okay?  Look what I did to them, Sonny...!
Where are you?
After I check on Francine and the boys, then I'm gone.  Sonny, tell Rico I'm so sorry.  I wanted you to know...
Alonzo, what's goin' on?!
I gave up nothing on you guys. Don't worry.  I kept you and Rico out of it.  Only the Feds.  They're on their own...it's all their deal, anyway, so fuck 'em.
I don't understand...
They had me from the gate.
Alonzo?  What are you talking about?  Where are you...?
It's fucked up.  I'm sorry...
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry, Sonny...
On the phone.
Where's Riccardo?
Yeah.
Sonny...?
Yeah...?
He's talking to you, bro.  What he means to say is he is reluctant to abandon the penetration of a major narcotrafficking organization...
Who are you talking to?
They got a steady stream of supply. So, no...
Reverse undercover?  WE supply to them?
But Miami PD wasn't part of the J.I.T.  And from what Alonzo said, he didn't give you up.
As in, your ass is dead in the water.
We don't know.  And that's the point.  Maybe there's a mole. Whatever, it's a disaster.  And it's a Joint Interagency Task Force.  I have DEA, ATF, U.S. Customs components in on it.  So the penetration could be from any one agency.  What we do know is I have to suspend operations right now from undercover work through interdictions 'cause I have to assume our Operational Security is blown.
Break your encryption?  Hack your e- mail?  Employee databases? Somebody on the inside?
We think NLR.  We don't know! Alonzo only fronted as a broker for our guys to make the meet.  He wasn't deep into the crew.
C'mon, man!
...what else, what else did he indicate to you?  I need to know everything he said.
Oh, good...
White supremacist types.
Haitian, Dominican, Russian, Israeli?
Correct.  Flash samples.  Flash cash.
...you are trying to reassure me because you know when people get anxious, they make mistakes. You're worried about me.  Do not be.  I am careful.  I am cool.  I got Trudy, backup, whatever.  You worry about you.  Because you are the ones who are in denied territory, not me.  If your focus is on me, you'll miss something coming at you.  That's how people slip up. Get hurt.  And I'd die if anything happened.  You worry about <u>you</u>. You and Sonny...are in the dangerous place.  I'm fine...
...even if they could run the identities you built to EPIC, all they'll find is more cover... Trust what you built.  It's quality, girl.  We're cool...
...the lease, the phones, the cars...layers of false ident. Would take the FBI weeks.  How long did it take them?  Three hours? Four?  This means, "We can reach out and touch somebody."  Like Bad Teleflora.
Good idea.  We'll grab a bite.
Okay.
"Salutations from the south..."
What's it say?
You mean with the flowers...?
The bouquet, here.  Five-hundred dollars worth of roses...yellow.
What flowers?
...and thanks for the flowers.
Okay...see you soon.
Bored.
Nothing.  Calling to say hi... What's up with you?
Yes.  What's up?
You sure?
Yeah.
You okay?
Reality TV and stay by the phone. That's what all wives-in-crime do...
What am I supposed to do after I get my nails and hair done...?
He did volunteer one time...
Only African he ever "relocated" was a $2,000-an-hour Nigerian model for Gucci, and he got wounded when she took an NBA draft choice to the Super Bowl instead of him...
Switek pulling this off...?  That's not faith; that's delusional...
So?
I like the diminished risk.  It frees up capital reserves.  I like working with self-interested businessmen who are competent.  You can predict their behavior....
What would you do...?
I think José suspects anybody he doesn't intimidate.  And people, who are good at what they do?  They have egos, too...
A good deal, like this with us, for Burnett will be good only temporarily.  He'll get restless because he believes nothing is forever.  Life is dust, make it while you can.  He's ambitious.
Why?
They're serious.  They're cautious. They'll forgo a deal over a technicality of how a delivery's handled...they'd walk away, rather than compromise operational security...that's good.
And...?
But what does your intuition tell you...?
Burnett?  They want 22% of the value on loads they run into South Florida.  It's the Juarez cartel model. They guarantee the loads.  The upside is our risk goes to zero. That frees-up capital.
José doesn't like the deal in South Florida...
They've been targeted.  And Pakistani registry is too vulnerable to search and seizure right now.
Not French registry?
Transshipped to a Malaysian container ship.
Precursor shipments from Ras Tanura and Ju'aymah?
...and we're looking at Nigerian crude...
They will kill you.  And then they will kill your wife, too.
Meaning...?
It's all bullshit.  Jesus is out of communication in Fals de Iguazu. José knows that...  Whatever he's going to do, he has to do it fast because he's acting on his own. And he will need a story.
Of course!  That is why I placed myself here, with you, knowing Yero would pull this crap.
You set this up!
That sonofabitch!
Maritime.  Jose will fill you in.
Conveyance?
"Future" of...?
And as an investment in the future...
Two, three thousand a ki. Two thousand ki's, your end is $6,000,000.  Complex transshipments or dealing with containers, these have front- loaded costs we pickup.  For this kind of weight, the balance of 80% is when our buyer picks up the load.  Transactions are offshore.  Dollars or euros.  Secure internet transfers.  We have lists of Cayman and Isle of Man banks infiltrated by IRS, to be avoided...  No transactions of cash or other banking instruments take place on U.S. soil...  That's the deal.
Define small.
I run down the numbers.  Nothing is very negotiable.  Small loads?  We pay three thousand a ki. We pay your fuel costs up front plus ten percent.  The next ten percent on U.S. landfall.
You work that out with La Senora.  You will get sixteen fuel bladders of crystal meth precursors from the Malaysian ship.  For collection in North Miami.  You warehouse it. Release it when we say.  I'm sure you have friends with fast boats...
Importation value?  At twenty-two thousand a ki...
<u>You</u> give <u>yours</u> to me.  <u>We</u> position all the assets hauling our loads...
Uh-uh.  No predetermined places and times to meet.  Give me their heading and radio codes and I will talk to them directly with the longs and lats and time which will be a last minute deal...
Transshipment point is here at 17:00 hours on the 23rd.
You don't like us finding your load?  We can go and lose it all over again...
I walk into Neptune's house...very nice.  But I also see you... and our drugs that got ripped from Maguda.
It is.  He try to take tonight's load?
This the load you lost a while back?
Wait by the phone.  You get a call.  Or maybe you don't.  Until then, piss off back to where you come from...
What do I care what you think about how he looks?  You wanna fuck my partner or do business?
I had to lay eyes on you.
Then what were we talking to you for?
Do we need this...?
What do you care?
Nothing.  'Cause how you do delivery on the beach, I don't like.  Maybe this does not work.
And violence is extra.  And expensive.  So how much weight you looking to move?
Slow and low, Adam A-500s...  ...carbon composite, stealthy, 1400 nautical-mile range, thousand ki payload...all the way to Caravels and 727's from a source country to a transshipment point.  Small freighters.  We've done containers...
Equipment?
Nicholas said you okay.  That's nice.  But how I know if you any good?
So lay it out, my brother...
They lied.
They said they wouldn't hurt them, wouldn't hurt them if...
Alonzo, you don't need to go home.
What...?
Alonzo...
I gotta, I gotta go...!
The Feeb gig was I front a coupla undercover, Russian-speakers to them.  One's ATF.  And broker the deal.  Set up the meet with the NLR types...
What the hell did you do?
Funny thing, you mentioning money. I was just about to ask your for some...
You're such a doll. I hate money, don't you? God, it's been fun.
Scuse me, hon, fraid I'm only half here. Maybe you oughta run on along. But why don't you take this phone number?
You sure you heard what I said?
Said, a person's gotta make a living.
Beg pardon, ma'am?
Hers'n zodda meg a livig.
Don't know what line Morey's in, but myself now, fact is -- I'm a hustler.
It's up in Central Park, taking a leak. If you hurry, you'll make the supper show. Now get lost.
The Statue of Liberty.
You're hoping to get a look at what?
Beg pardon, ma'am. I'm brand spanking new to this town, come from Houston, Texas, and hoping to get a look at the Statue of Liberty...
I got me two hundred twenty-four bucks of flat folding money...  He know what he can do with that chicken-shit day's pay. And if he ain't man enough to do it for himself, I be happy to oblige!
Ain't gonna collect your pay?
Well, ain't no use hanging around here.
Must be some mess back there.
Men, they mostly faggots.
Yeah?
Lotta rich women back there...
What you gonna do back there, East?
Don't guess. Just come for my day's pay owing and to tell you I'm heading East.
You ain't coming to work?
Why, that's perfectly dreadful. Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
No, ma'am, I'm not.
You're not looking for the Statue of Liberty at all.
You sure are a pretty lady.
I'm sorry. I thought you were -- never mind -- I've never actually been there, but let me see, you take the Seventh Avenue subway, I think, to the end of the line...
Joking? No, ma'am. Oh no! I mean business!
Were you looking? About the Statue of Liberty?
I show you what problem --
Gay ends in Y. Fey. You like that -- gay fey -- is that your problem?
Beat your butt, you don't lemme think!
You gonna beat me, Joe?
Cut it out. That's cheating, teasing me so I can't think. Just one bitsy Y word and I gonna beat you!
Y -- what in hell starts with Y?
Okay. Never argue with a man.
M-O-N-Y -- I'm right! That's just exactly how they spell it up there on that big building, bet you could see it from here. M-O-N-Y.
There's an E in MONEY. If that's your word.
Talking helps. Don't talk, you get muddled in your head. Hey! Now you just look at this here!
If you didn't talk so much, maybe you could think more.
What? It's a perfectly good word, ain't it. How much time I got?  Goddam sand thing drive you crazy. Kee-rist. Spelling never was a very strong point with me. Even in school.
That's pretty Freudian, Joe.
I know. Scribbage!
I ain't sleepy.
Maybe we should take a little nap, see what happens?
No. Of course not. Just something struck me funny...
You think I'm lying!
Top drawer. Maybe if you didn't call me ma'am, things would work out better.
Well, that's something never happened to me before, you can bet your bottom dollar. Uh, where's the matches, ma'am?
Sure you're all right?
He's got taxi fare.
What'll we do? Leave now or what? Your place or mine? Oh God, the second I looked at you I knew. Did you?
Yeah, oh yeah.
I can tell, can't you?
Shee-it, you know, I got this thing all figured out, Ratso. I mean Rico. When we get to Miami, what I'll do, I'll go to work. I gotta do that, 'cause see, I ain't no kind of a hustler. I ain't even any goddam good as a bum. I'm a nothing, that's what I am. So reckon I'd better go to work and get me a goddam job. Okay?
Thanks, Joe.
I'm zipping your fly, what the hell you think I'm doing?
Hey, what the hell you doing?
You just -- just -- what happened, you just had a little rest stop wasn't on the schedule.
I'm falling apart, that's funny?
Here I am going to Florida and my leg hurts, my butt hurts, my chest hurts, my face hurts, and like that ain't enough, I gotta pee all over myself.
Hell, don't cry about it!
I wet my pants! My seat's all wet.
You're what?
I'm wet.
Hey -- whatsa matter?
Sounds like crap, admit it. And I'm not gonna have it. I'm Rico all the time, okay, do you blame me? That's agreed, okay? We're gonna tell all these new people my name's Rico?
Sounds like they knew you.
I mean New York's one thing, but can you see this guy, imagine it, running around the goddam beach all suntan and he's going in swimming, like, and then somebody yells 'Hey, Ratso' -- how does that sound to you?
Keep the goddam blanket on.
I been thinking. I hope we're not gonna have a lotta trouble about my name down there. Because like what's the whole point of this trip anyway?
If you have to shiver, why don't you pull the blanket up more?
Shee-it. You believe all you read?
I read it.
How'n hell a dumb Bronx kid like you know that?
You get your first palm tree in South Carolina.
Yeah.
They gotta be.
These guys're good drivers.
I don't even want you to go. Whaddya think of that? I got other plans for my life than dragging around some dumb cowboy that thinks he's God's gift to women. One twenty-buck trick and he's already the biggest stud in New York City. It's laughable.
Just when everything's going my way, you gotta pull a stunt like this.
I'll find the money. If you just get me on the bus, that's all I ask.
You know what's wrong with you? You got fevers. You kinky as a bedbug. How you gonna get to Florida?
I'm going to Florida, that's my only chance.
Well, just exactly what the hell you think you're gonna do? Die on me?
No doctors. No, sir. Not me. Doctors are like goddam auto mechanics. Fix one-thing, unplug another. Operate for piles and while they're there, they unscrew your liver. My old man, for God's sake, wasn't any sicker'n I am when he went to the doctor.
Okay. Here it is. You gonna go see the doctor. I got nine bucks and twenty more Thursday and I gonna be riding high before you know it. So you gonna get you the best goddam doctor in this town and get yourself straightened out, that's what.
I don't know. Cops. Or the -- how should I know?
Who?
What'll happen. I mean what they do to, you know, do with you -- if you can't -- ah, Christ!
What of?
I'm scared.
And what?
Well, I don't think I can walk.  I mean, I been falling down a lot and, uh...
Yeah.
But thanks.  Hey, Joe, don't get sore about this or anything. You promise?
You couldn't lift fly specks from a sugar bowl. Can you hold this?
No. But while you was buying the underwear, I could have lifted the socks.
They wrong?
Walk? Naturally I can walk.
Well, if you're awright, why you hanging on the bannister. Can you walk or not?
Twenty bucks...
Tell her, Ratso.
Rico. Rico Rizzo.
Well, I made it. This here is Ratso Rizzo and I...
Few dozen cooties won't kill me, don't guess.
Don't need a comb.
You got a comb?
Well, what the hell, I got nothing better to do.
But they picked me, right? So what I'll do, I'll just say, now look, you want me? Well, I don't go nowhere without my buddy here.
Don't say nothing about you either.
Did I say that? Did I?  It don't say nothing about you...
What you're driving at, you want me to get lost so you can go to your fancy-ass party.
Now I'm here. I'm in New York City. Getting picked for things. Don't you see what I'm driving at?
Yeah, well, so?
Well, this thought just struck me. It wasn't too long ago I was washing dishes way the hell somewhere in Texas.
He can't read. Even dumber than you. Couldn't write his own name. X -- that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat. Condemned. By order of City Hall.
Well, uh, he dam well know he ain't 'be-loved Aunt Winifred'.
Can he smell the difference, eh?
Respect shee-it! You even steal flowers for his grave.
The name's Rico, at my own father's grave, a man deserves some respect.
Kee-rist, you sure are one twisty little bastard, Ratso.
You wanna know the truth? You dumb bastard, I got it for you. Look at it. Goddam thing's ten sizes too big for me.
Forty-second Street. Where'n hell you think it come from?
Where'd that come from?
Who'd you ever do a favor for? You just let some poor bastard freeze to death, wouldn't you?
The coat? A guy I did a favor once gave it to me. Christ.
Shee-it. Cough yourself inside out, then light a fag, a goddam fag. You make me puke. Where'd you steal it? In the movies?
What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna make a cowboy outta you, kid. How about that? Build you up a little, teach you couple little tricks'n turn y'out to stud, Rat-stuff.
Not bad -- for a cowboy -- you're okay, you're okay.
Don't rush me. How I do it, see, I get myself primed, like I was turning on the charm for some pretty little blonde lady, then kinda mosey away slow and easy and - swing around! -- and there you are, you handsome devil.
You like it? Take a look.
Kee-rist, you pretty damn clever for a skimpy little gimp.
And end up a hunchback like my old man? You think I'm crippled? You shoulda caught him the end of a day.
Hey, you're good! I bet you could pick up a living at this if you tried.
Well, uh, my manager's gonna manage all that crap, or else he gonna get a coconut up his flue.
You ain't got a chance in hell. You need threads and glitter, baby. A front, hey?
You talk like a man with a tin twat.
Look at yourself, Joe, no offense, but frankly, you're beginning to smell. For a stud in this town that's a handicap.
What's all this sweet talk about Florida? Your friend O'Daniel got a stable down there now?
Miami Beach is the only place for a real hustler. Florida has more rich chicks per square yard than any resort spot in the world. They lie out in their pagodas and pergolas waiting to grab the first jockstrap that passes.
I think finding you's the smartest thing I ever did, for both of us. You just the crooked kinda sneaky little sidewinder I need to get me hustling in this town. Hey!
In Florida, they come smooth, ready to eat. Down there, your only problem is, diet-wise, you gotta lift an arm to wipe warm milk off your chin. Tough, hey?
I been sick. Hold this, will ya?
This is an okay setup you got here, but I'd say you ain't just exactly, uh, flush, is that right or not?
The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk. That's a known fact. If I can find the goddam hole the milk squirts out.
Rico! Rico! Rico! Is that enough?  And keep your meat hooks off my radio.
Rico then, at least call me Rico in my own goddam place.
Shee-it, man, I can't say all that.
Joe -- do me one favor -- this is my place, am I wrong? You know, in my own place my name ain't Ratso. I mean it so happens my name is Enrico Salvatore Rizzo.
So if you want me to hang around for a few days, I thought you should know.
I'm impressed. You're a killer.
Well, I hope you know what you're in for. I'm a very dangerous person. Someone does me bad like you. If I caught up with you that night, there'd be one dead Ratso long about now. Hear?
I want you to stay, okay? I goddam invited you, didn't I?
Oh. Guess I got the wrong impression.
I ain't forcing you, like, I mean, who's forcing you?
You want me to stay here tonight, is that the idea?
Well now, Ratso, I'm gonna tell you something for your own good, only first gimme a cigarette.
I drug in a cot, if you want to stay.
So you could sleep! I mean Christ!
What for?
What's that supposed to mean?
You don't seem like no fag...
Whatsa matter now?
Smart thing for me to do is haul ass outta here.
You inviting shee-it.
I'm inviting you. I mean if you're not located, I got a place. I'm inviting you, goddamit.
Listen, keep away from me, hear? You come near me again, I snatch you bald-headed!
Okay, right, right, okay. Another subject. Where you living? Still at the hotel?
You want some free medical advice, shut your goddam mouth about that night.
It's sticky. What you do, slobber on 'em? I wouldn't touch 'em.
You keep the sixty-four cents. I want you to have it.
Not a cent, I swear to God, I swear on my mother's eyes.
What's in your socks?
I mean, dammit, where you live?
Forget it.
Now take it. Go on.  Listen, where can I reach you? Cause I'm gonna make this right with you soon's I get me set up...
Oh hell, forget it.
Ten, ten -- I got a twenty -- take that...
Let's see how you look. Fine. You look fine. Now I'm gonna have to have that other ten...
Hold it, just hold it. You think I'm that kinda sombitch? Just name your cut, whatever you want, you got it right now. Five? Ten, how's that?
Tomorrow when some piece like that's scratching your back in a Fifth Avenue townhouse, where'll your pal Rizzo be? Nedicks.
Well, Joe, you're a nice guy, and I'd be doing you both a favor, but why? What'm I dragging my bum leg all over town for? It's no picnic and what for, for me myself, what?
Hey, listen, how about you take me to mee this Mister O'Diddle bird right now?
My friend O'Daniel. That's who you need. Operates the biggest stable in town. In the whole goddam metropolitan area. A stud like you - paying! -- not that I blame you -- a dame starts crying, I cut my heart for her...
I think you just put your finger on it, I do.
How would I know? You gotta tell a person these things  A hustler? Picking up trade on the street like that -- baby, believe me -- you need management.
I'm a hustler, hell, didn't you know that?
For money for what?
For money.
For what?
... you see what I'm getting at here? She got a penthouse up there with color TV and more goddam diamonds than an archbishop and she busts out bawling when I ask for money!
Same all around! For my friend, too!
Enrico Rizzo from the Bronx. Don't mind if I do.
Shee-it...  Kee-rist, you really know the ropes. Wish to hell I bumped into you before. I'm Joe Buck from Texas and I'm gonna buy you a drink, what do you say to that?
Oh, it ain't cheap. I mean, yeah, I'd say this was an all right shirt. Don't like to, uh, you know, have a lot of cheap stuff on my back.
That is one hell of a shirt. I bet you paid a pretty price for it, am I right?
You're wasting your time. There's nothing in there.
Get outta my way.
I simply don't have it, Joe.
I gotta have more'n ten. I gotta have fifty-seven dollars.
Here. Don't even thank me.
Oh. Yes. Of course. I should have thought. You shouldn't have to ask. That was thoughtless of me. Yes. Wait here...
Listen, I gotta have money.
This is terrible. I meet someone who -- then -- wait, I want to give you a present. For your trip. You'll let me please...
I'm going to Florida.
No, yes. No, I mean yes please go. Help me to be good. Come back tomorrow. Promise.
You want me to leave?
Oh, difficult, it's so difficult. You're a nice person, Joe -- I should never have asked you up -- a lovely person. Oh, how I loathe life. I loathe it. Please go. Please.
What you got me up here for?
What?
What d'you want?
What?
Sometimes it seems to me time stopped twenty years ago. There was this war, there was this handsome young man with quite black hair and he was supposed to die. But he didn't. Isn't that amusing?
It's so exciting. New York. The mad forward thrust of everything. My sense of time here is completely altered.
Gin's okay.
A drink? I've got some nice gin. If you'd prefer something else, they'll send it up...
Right here, why not? I prayed in saloons, I prayed in the street, I prayed an the toilet. He don't care where, what He wants is that prayer.
Get down -- where?
You're a wonderful boy. You'n me gonna have fun, dammit, it don't have to be joyless. Say, why don't we get right down on our knees now?
Money from home, see, there's your strength, you put things in earthy terms any man can understand, son. I warn you I'm gonna use you, I'm gonna run you ragged!
Gonna be like money from home.
I got a hunch, Joe Buck, it's gonna be easier for you than most.
Ready for anything.
Ready for hard work, son?
Uh, yessir.
Yes, I believe you are. Cowboy, huh?
Well, uh, I'm raring to go.
Lonesomeness is something you take. You bear? Dammit, you take it and go about your business, that's all.
Yessir, I can see that.
I'm lonesome. I'm lonesome so I'm a drunk. I'm lonesome so I'm a dope fiend. I'm lonesome so I'm a thief, a fornicator, a whore-monger. Poop, I say, poop! I've heard it all and I'm sick of it, sick to death.
Well, not too, I mean, a little.
But I'll bet you got one thing in common with them other boys. I'll bet you're lonesome.
You bet I do, sir.
Take it,easy, boy...  Seems to me you're different than a lotta boys that come to me. Most of 'em seem troubled, confused, but I'd say you knew exactly what you want.
No sir, I'm no cowboy really, but I'm a first class stud.
Am I tickled to find you, boy! Come on in and let's get a look at you. Turn around. Good strong back. You'll need it. So you want help -- take a seat, relax, tell me about yourself. Cowboy, huh?
No. You got it.
You got it.
Big peni-goddam-cillin bargain, right?
This Pensacola teeny-bopper -- jail bait -- but built? Ten bucks she wanted. Three of us made a deal for, twenty-five, see, big goddam bargain?
Instant V-goddam-D.
Ever stationed at Kennedy? Those Florida chicks...
Is he all right!
He fell. Hey, fella, you fell. Is he all right?
I agree. And for that service I charge one dollar taxi fare.
Get lost.
... and taxi fare for me.
Sold. Let's go.
Who's he? Oh God! Don't tell me you two are a couple -- ?
You really want to do business?
Ziat!
Who?
They went out over there: must be some kind of exit.
Nah, just covered with batshit!
Anybody bitten?
Don't make me laugh.
How's your hernia?
What?
You want to split your hernia again?
Want me to take over?
Listen!
What?
It's there!
KNOCK IT OFF!
You got that, shit face? Asina...
We go through the wall?
Hey!  I'm getting this together man and I don't need no fucking Gastro-head along on this trip!  We go through the wall.
It's already built!  There's a basement substructure where they used to keep weapons and stuff, but beneath that there's these old catacombs that the Christians built 'bout a thousand fucking years ago to bury their dead.  We're sitting right on top of it -- here.
Tunnel?
Yeah, what do you think this is, the good USA? This is Turkey, man... ) It's a fucking accident here if you're innocent. And anyway... ...ain't nobody who's innocent.
Years?
Twenty fucking YEARS, man - YEARS! I figger ten at the least.
Twenty months?
Could be ten or fifteen.  Maybe even twenty.
The airport. Trying to get on the plane for the States.
Where?
Two kilos.
History, man, history. How much?
Yeah.
Little fuckers are thieves, rapists, pickpockets, murderers, you name it - they do it. Don't trust any of 'em...
The kids? Why are they...
Hamidou.  Chief of the Guards. Don't fuck with him. He almost killed an Italian dude couple months ago.  Bad news. He try anything with you?
...He had a bald skull and...
'Figgers.
Yeah... Only the room service is lousy.  Come on, let me show you the tennis courts.
Looks like a cheap hotel.
Olsun - "May it pass quickly." I'm Bell, Jimmy Bell. This is Erich something Swedish.
Getchmis...?
Getchmis olsun
Everything.
Haps, railroad, bus timetables?
Billy?
Shit.
Hey, you know what's gonna get us out of here?  It's not a map, Max. It's our balls. You know what I mean...  ...I gotta get laid man, I don't know 'bout you guys, but if I don't get it on soon, I'm... I'm not gonna make it.
The catacoombs?  Whaddya want, a door?  There's miles of em like a sewer system but they got to come up someplace in Istanbul.
And what do you do when you in the catacombs?
--the water like "'weeps" through the cement, see. Twenty, thirty years, you can almost push it over. All we do is use Gastrohead's screwdriver here and scrape the mortar out. Pull out 2, 3 stones, squeeze through, put 'em back, and get our ass down the shaft, It's a two night operation, maybe three.
Stop shitting me, man!
Gotta be here someplace.  Thought I heard a couple of dead Christians singing down there.
There's two ways out I figger - over the roof, but that's only one person, maybe two. The other way is Under.
Too bad you didn't have a machine.
The prison, man. There was this German cat an architect in the hospital. He was helping the Turks build some shit round the place. I laid some bread on him and he let me copy them.
To what?
Oh Jesus! 
DAD!
I know.
I know you kids smoke that stuff, and we drink booze, but taking it across a border - it was stupid, Billy. Stupid.
For the money... )
Why'd you do it, Billy?
Well, it's an interesting place...  Tell you the truth, I think the food is lousy. The crap they sell in these little restaurants. I went out to eat in one of them last night, and I had to run to the damn toilet... You shoulda' seen the toilet.
How do you like it?  Istanbul?
The Hilton.
Where you staying, Dad?
Nothing. Just twisted my ankle.
Where'd you get that limp?
Don't worry about it.  Right now money doesn't count. Okay?
Dad...  I'll pay you back for all this, I Promise.
Right!  That's what we're shooting for.  Mister Davis and have been in contact with the State Department, but right now relations with the Turks aren't too good, Nixon's upset the hell out of them. Our best bet's... right here.
Same. None of the neighbors know. We told them you were in a hospital in Europe.  Oh... this is Stanley Davis. He's the American Consul here... And Necdit Yesil, the lawyer you wanted...
No, don't let her!  I'll... How about Peg? Robbie?
Bad. She couldn't make the trip. You know Her boy...  Susan told us before we got your letter. She's fine; she's trying to get the money to come back and see you, but...
Yeah. How's Mom?
...Don't worry about it.  I can punch you in the nose later. Right now we've got to get you out of here.  You all right?
Dad...I'm...
Ah, look!  they probably know where the campers are
Okay!  Ley me out right here.  I'm getting tired of all this bullshit from you.  I'll walk it.
All over.  Turkish Army up there. It's against the law. They shoot us.  You sure you looking for your friends, man?
Where are the minefields?
How much?
I'll pay extra
No!  I'm not going any further! It'll wreck my car.
Not far. Just a little way.
Two miles! Minefields over there. Do you know where this campground is or not?
Very bad now. Maybe war. Those Greek pigs try to steal Cyprus again ) How'd you lose your friends?
Those mountains? are they?
Sixty?
Sixty Lira?
About ten kilometers.
How far?
Sure.
You know where they are?
Good.  Would you go back to the Pudding Shoppe now and point him out to my men if you see him?
Yes.  I think so.
Would you recognize him again?
A cabdriver. He picked me up in the Pudding Shoppe in the bazaar.
Good. Now, where did you get the hashish?
Yes...?
Good. There's nothing to be afraid of. If you co-operate with us, you will be on the plane for New York tomorrow... yes?
No, I'm not afraid.
Let's hope so, Billy.  Let's sure hope so.
Jeez, she used to say I was the lucky one.
Lucky girl.
She didn't know anything about...I wouldn't have wanted her to.
...She was on the plane.
Girlfriend?
Be tough on 'em.
He sells insurance for Metropolitan Life.
What's your father do?
Yeah. Parents, brother, sister. Babylon, Long Island.
Got a family back there?
I was just going to sell it to friends.  I'm not a pusher, honest.
Beats working.
Three, four thousand...I don't know.  The guy offered me the hash--  ...it just seemed like easy money.
How much did you figure to make?
Two hundred dollars. It was my last two hundred.
How much you pay this joker... this cab driver?
Something like that. Cigarette?
...are you with the Consulate?
I just needed some extra money.  I was broke, the guy offered me the hash and...
Just what?
But just...
Well, you see Billy, it don't really matter right now if it's 2 kilos or 200 kilos. The Turks love to catch any foreigner smuggling - it shows the world they're fighting the drug trade.
But didn't have heroin.
Four planes in four days...but I guess you kids don't read the newspapers...and what with our people kicking up a shit storm 'bout the flow of heroin from Turkey you got...
Stupid.
You decided to fly at a bad time Billy Palestinian Guerrillas all over the place blowing up planes and all.
Seven years...
How long?
You just got to get yourself a good lawyer.  And some money... Talk to Max.  He's been in the longest.
Aslan, there... 
He wasn't even in the car?
But he was eating lunch a mile away when the Turk smashed into killed himself.
That doesn't seem so bad.
There is no fair in Turkey, Billy. It's all "sula-bula" like this, like that. An Italian hippie had a car accident and a Turk was killed. SO, they threw him in here for six months...
It's not fair!
A hundred grams.
How much did you have?
Twelve years.
What they give you?
Hashish.  Ninety percent of the foreigners are in for hashish.
And you?
What did he do?
New people sometimes get on his nerves.
Yeah.  That guy who beat me?  I feel stoned.
Feeling all right?
I'm Billy Hayes... At least I used to be.
Just Erich.
About as good as it looks.
How's it feel?
Billy!  Please!
What do you mean LIFE FOR FOR WHAT! FOR WHAT!
We've been notified that they rejected the sentence...
And?
The Prosecutor objected to your sentence for possession; he wanted a smuggling conviction and the High Court in Ankara reviewed it.
What do you mean?
No... It looks like your going to have a new court.
Sit down a moment, Billy.  I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
What's wrong?
Thank you.
I want you to know we're going to do everything, in our power to get you out as soon as possible. Believe me.
Hello.
Hello, Billy.
Maybe he's changing jobs.
Why the suit?
Oh shit.
Bad. Sent to the City Hospital. They ruptured his hernia again.
What?
Just got some news on Bell.
His radio Back of his open, radio...
Max - where?
Hishradyo.
Yeah? Where?
'Dem dat hides can finds says I'... I seen him, the clever tit, sneaking looks at it late at night, talking to it.
I know where it is.
What?
You know where it is?
...His money - steal that, you steal his blood... Could you see his face when everything he worked so hard to get got snatched?  If we knew where he hid it.  Anyway, steal from him they'd pick up the whole prison and shake it sideways.  We couldn't hide it anywhere.
Then I'll cut his balls off.
It's already been cut.
I want to cut his throat.
Max, sit down. You're in no shape to kill anybody.
ZIAT... What do I got to lose huh! What do I got to lose. And I'd really enjoy it.
Whose?
Cut his fucking throat.
What?
Max... Your BILLY shirt's on fire...
Oh we... we...
After we're outside the kogus?
What?
Then we're outside the kogus. Then what?
Yeah I got it all worked out. Billy, listen to me.  That old guard likes you, You drop some acid on him.  When he's Seeing rainbows yer know. walk out - tonight.
I got some acid man.  Maybe we can drop some on the guards huh? In their tea or something.
Yeah.
Goddamn Gastro's killing me.  Making me blind. Hey Billy!
We go back, seal it up again, and come in tomorrow night - every night 'till we get out of here. There's gotta be a way. Those bats got out someplace.  Now let's go.  Doubletime!
What?  You gotta be joking.
We go back.
It's a dead end. The Turks musta' sealed it up.
Shit!  Shit!  Shit!
Two thirty.
What time is it?
Jimmy?
Yeah!
Okay?
Yeah.
You got your stuff?
I don' t know. It's someplace down in there....  ..deep.. A big door...a wheel....
Where is it?
Yeah,  for the criminally insane.  I was there once for two weeks and it ain't an illusion. It's awful. Namidou runs it like a death camp, that's where he spends most of his time...
Section 13?
You gotta be fucking crazy!  You got stabbed in the ass once too much, sweetheart, cause you're gonna end up in Section 13, that's what - not the 'catacombs.
I suppose you knock three times and ask for St. Peter.
But how would you get into the shaft, Jimmy?
What's that?
Get the... midnight... express.
What do you mean?
Best way is get your ass out... any... way... you can...
Take it off! Take it off!  ...S'il vous plait?...
Billy - you'll just make yourself crazy.
For Christ's sake, just GET on the plane, okay!
What is it? . . . Billy?
Susan - forget it. Go get us a seat on the plane. Now.
No!
My passport!
Billy, what's the matter?
You're right.
You can't take anything seriously.
Never was anybody like you...
Look, I think I'm going to have to go to the john again.  You go on through, I'll catch up.
And you ate two baclavas, right? I not to touch them, mine was awful.
I think I've been poisoned.
I don't hear you bitch about the money.
Work, work, work, that's all do
Hey, Ziat, hurry up with the tea will ay!
You 'Merican.  You don't know.
That's a great philosophy.
Dog eat dog, Hi-yes. You fuck other man before he fuck you.  And you must fuck last.
Learn what?
Was..  ...seven years old. I was on street in Suk.  Buy.  Sell.  No family to take care. I learn.
Know what?
Oh shove it, Ziat for all the money you have, you have nothing!
I make special tea for you, Hiyes, okay?  We've to live like brothers. We have to be in here together.
But you fuck with me. You fuck with me all the time. You make crummy tea.  You rip us off on the hash.
Look, you don't fuck with me, I don't fuck with you, right?
You're ayip!
Cat, ah!  Ayip!
What is it with you man, what the hell is it?
Did you ask for bail?
It's not important, just technical things. We make our case.  You were very good, you spoke well. The Judge like you. It look good. Don't worry.
What'd the Prosecutor say?
If I get bail, Mister Yesil, they say it's easy to cross the border into Greece?
You know I have lectured at the University of Maryland in your country?  Also University Michigan Very nice country. We both go back. 
I know exactly what you feel but you must not worry, we are acting immediately, we get the right court, the right judge,  I arrange everything - just right.  And I think we get you bail. If very bad, maybe twenty month sentence... But I think we get you bail...
Mr. Yesil.
Vilyum, I am Necdit Yesil.
Oh Yesil...  Yesil's his name but I...don't know anything... 'bout...Yesil...
Who got the Frenchman out?
What lawyer?
The lawyer?
Who?
His name?
Yeah... there's no straight lawyers in Turkey... They're all bent bent as hairpins...
Lawyers?
Did you hear me?  Get Dr. Raymond! NOW!!
Lady...
Okay, Jeremy...go get Dr. Chris Raymond, will you?
Jeremy...
What's your name?
Hey, you can't...
Take a look.
Weird shit...?
There's some weird shit here.
Yeah...?
Peter...
Shit.
There are thirty five listed in the reverend Wong's roster...
Triad, Chinese Mafia. They bring people from Yunan. Slave labor...  Reverend Harry Wong, a preacher had the flophouse fronting for them. No sign of him.
Did they get the sleazebag who owns this place?
Tell them to send flowers to the usual address.
Immigration's gonna love you for that.
Internal hemorrage. 2 our of 5 have it.  No definite signs of TB, but we'll quarantine them a week just to make sure.
Hey. I'm a short guy. Waddaya want?
You really love flashing that thing, don't you?
Yeah, and a loudspeaker so you can yell "Epidemic! Epidemic! You're all going to die!"
Not just any carbohydrates, mind you. It was like being on the receiving end of some kind of transcendent oral sex.  We should get a strobe on this thing. Maybe even a siren.
Selling your sould for a fistful of carbohydrates...
The blintzes!  "Try the blintzes..."
Right.
And a right.
I think so. One right, two lefts...
Go left.  Go left again till you hit the fork... Then right again. You got that?
Way we came.  Take the first tunnel to your right...
H-how do I get...?
Show that to the station manager.  Tell him Leonard's gonna have his bubble-butt he don't have someone down here in ten.
Track bunnies.  Rats.  They're usually around.
What?
Funny.  Shoulda seen some track bunnies by now.
Mole people. This section was pretty popular, all the way to Fulton Street...
There's really people living down here?
New York's finest.
You all watch your step.  We got some burrows goin' down seven stories here.  You fall, I don't wanna have to come pick you up.
Go!! Just go!!
What do you-?
The kid's with them!!
The kid...
Depends.  You got a memo?
You gonna finally get to fuck around with the wires.  Think you can handle it?
Someone'd have to go to the switchroom, pull the coupling lever, that'll send us left and to the elevator.
Can we get this car there?
Third rail is dead.  Get me up.  There must be a manual override in the booth.
Is there a switch?
How you know that?  Shit, it was runnin' around with its buttside gone and a fucking pipe through its heart...
It doesn't matter, all right?  It's dead.
"Mistake"?  What's that supposed to...?
A mistake.
I'm sorry.  But I don't think letting you bleed to death is the best apology.
Oh, you helped me here, all right, white boy.  You and your goddam memo. You needed to prove your point, uh?
Leonard, listen.  I need to see if there's any nerve damage before we carry you back.  Look, I'm trying to help you here...
Yeah, I feel like ripping your fucking eyes out...
You feel anything?
Oh, Jesus!!
Its muscles are locked.
Fuck you, wait a minute. I'm going to-
Wait a minute-
Just do it!
I only got...
All right, motherfucker, that's it.
For Chrissakes, what's the problem? You need a memo every time you fart?
Those things bring juice to the new stations.  You just can't rewire that shit...
What?
Oh, man, there you go again.
You said those cables're still live. Can't we rewire...?
Well...there's an old service elevator half a mile down the tracks.  Ain't gonna be much use, though.  Lines are dead.
Any luck?
You got a better way up?
Oh, that's gonna work.
Look what you did! You stupid sonofa-
Did you see the size of that thing?!
20 minutes.  Susan?
20 minutes. If you don't go sight-seeing anymore.
We'll be back at the platform in...
You wanna keep up the conversation, you best come back with the proper permits and the right attitude.
For Chrissakes.  You gonna lay a two- bit bureaucratic, territorial number on me?
No, you talkin' at me.
Excuse me, I'm talking to you.
Please do.  He's a lonely guy.
Fine.  You want me to call your supervisor?
...should know better'n to go sneakin' around my turf...
The Department of Public Health...
Yeah, and you gonna have to show me a lot bigger one you wanna go down there. That's the old maintenance grid, Doc. Swiss cheese: tunnels, tracks...
Look, I showed you my badge...
Nino, please...
What's Manny doing? I can't see him anymore.
You don't do that, we're on the wrong track.  You...
I pull.
The lights come up, you pull the switch.
Hey, hey!! Take it easy!!
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
Chuy. He was taken. He's down here somewhere...  Oh, please, hurry. I saw what was after her.
What are you doing down here?
Hurry, the woman needs help!
My God, what the hell are you...?
He can imitate anything, you just watch him.
He's special.
No way we can outrun 'em together. Move it!
We're no leaving you!
Across both tracks!!
Which way?
Manny never threw the coupling switch!! We're goin' the wrong way!!!
What?
He didn't do it!
Peter, you couldn't even fix our TV!
It would take a minute or so.  You won't last that long out there.
Hell, I might be able to juice the whole area, if I can get to the power box. It's just a couple of cables...
But the power...
Scent glands.  Insects use 'em to identify themselves to each other.
What are you putting that crap on me for?
We'll find him. We'll be back and find him.
I didn't protect him, lady. He trusted me. And I didn't protect him... His father...I lost his father to the streets and now, Chuy...
Manny...
He's out there. I heard him. How can he be? This things...
This, is our baby Peter. Yours and mine. Aren't you proud?
"...and behold he will come that walks as a man, yet is not a man- ..."
Mantids can mimic. We gave the Judas that code...
No...
But it look like a man. It... I saw it.
Just inner chambers...
We can do it!
No...
Peter...
Talk to me.
Ah...
C'mon...
I can.  We can do this...
Your arm, you can't...
You go first. I'll be right below you.
Jump in.
Oh, come on, come on!
That's it. That's it. Breathe easy.
I was just thinking how I could use a pair of pliers... and I remembered where they are...
Try not to sweat?
Don't touch it.  And for Godsakes, try not to sweat.  They can sense chemical changes...
That's why we should do it now.
The scent won't last...
It worked before...
Peter-
We'll cover ourselves with this. They can mimic us-  we Goddam mimic them!
Just do it!!
What-
Rub it on the windows!
Right. Hardwired to eat anything that's not like them!
They don't know anything Peter, they just sense. They're hardwired!
It's no use! They know we're in here!
How?!
His blood! It's driving them crazy! We have to mask the odor!
That's camouflage...
So, you're saying this is like those bugs that -- that look like twigs or leaves or...
Toss the flare down!
No, Jesus, no.
Listen to me:  we're getting you out.
Don't.
Yeah, barely. We haven't found anything down here. Nothing...
It's me. Can you hear me?
I know.  But if it was carrying something...there's a chance you could have been exposed.
It didn't bite me.
Susan, listen to me:  you handled that insect almost as much as Siri...
No.
Why take the chance?  Just let me go down there with you...
You said that thing was big as your hand.  I don't think I'm going to miss...
...you don't even know what you're looking for.
Susan, we're not b-
Ironic, don't you think?  These guys can hatch hundreds of offspring in a single clutch of eggs, right? And here we are...
I was just late.
Oh, no, you were-
Right.
Fuck 'em.  They don't know what they're missing.
I get the feeling they came more for the potroast than the apterids.
No such thing, baby.
Great crowd.
Fine, then I'm the bad guy. Jesus!
He was just doing his job.
Oh, so I'm the bad guy now?
I heard how you talked to him.
You give someone a fucking uniform and... Did you hear how he talked to us?
No, there's...
Honey, just leave it.
So?
Metaxonycha Godmani.
Even if they did... that's all we have, isn't it?
Maybe they lied to you.
Keep going. We'll tell you when to stop...
We?
Evolution doesn't work that fast. Something pushed that thing to take the leap. We need to find another specimen.
Don't you get it? It's more than that.
Okay. So you lost a great specimen-
This thing was the size of my fist, Peter!! That's off the charts!
I needed to think. It was either this or the weather channel.
Thought it was my week for that.
I'll be late.
Okay, meet me out front.  I gotta go. Josh's picking me up in five. see you tonight.
Don't get kinky here...
You were the one who ran around with ice in his underwear, don't forget that.
Monks bottle their own wine. Don't they?
You know where they get this fertility stuff?  They extract it from the urine of menopausal Italian nuns.
We're down to a "couple" now, huh?
Who know?  We get lucky, maybe a couple of 'em'll be ours.
Is this a Catholic guilt thing...?
We did no impact evaluation.  The consequences of...
You know what I mean...
Taking a cab instead of hiring a limo?
Do you think we did the right thing?
You did!
Please.
A shame.  You looked great tonight.
No way. I see one of those, I'd puke.
An "Ootheca". An eggcase. It probably had more, uh "weirdbugs" inside.
Gross. What is it?
You sure you didn't see one of these?
That's it?
You guys have done a nice job.  How bout five dollars?
You the bug lady, right?
Hello.
I know.  Help me get a sample.
That's impossible.  Insects don't...
What?
My God.
And they're not fully developed.  This thing's not even an adult.
Fuck! It broke the skin...
This wing configuration. I've never...
No shit.
It bit you.
I have no idea.  Are you ready?
What is it?
I'm gonna pull it out and I want you to pin it down, okay?
Oh, right... They been here since noon. I told them you're real busy.
What's this?
Oh, Jesus.
Not a big one.  I mean, it was like a turkey baster.
She used a baster.
What?
I just...well, I had this cousin in Delhi.  She was having problems, too. She, ah...
Watch your step, Siri.  Your grant could be on the line here.
I'm on it.  Don't worry.  Look, Susan...I don't mean to pry, but... I kinda overheard you and Peter.
...as long as they're ready for the opening I don't care, just tell them that.
Just like Trump Tower, then.
Siri, sandblast that thing. It looks like Trump Tower.  Those mounds are supposed to be made of dirt and excretions...
I'd be delighted. Now that you know the way...
If you don't mind, perhaps I could pay you another visit sometime.
But you didn't even taste your cocoa.
Thanks, Miz Wilkes, but I don't want to take up any more of your time. I best be going.
You got a point there...
I always say if you can't enjoy your own company, you're not fit company for anyone else.
Must get lonely, living out here all by yourself.
Sounds good.
How does a nice cup of cocoa sound?
Sure.
Well, I just thought--oh, look at me. You'd think I'd never had a house guest before. Would you like something to drink?
I'm not much of a critic.
I could give you a couple of hundred pages of mine, and you could tell me what you think.
Well...  ...maybe it takes time to get the hang of it.
It's right this way.
Sure.
God told me, since I was his number- one fan, that I should make up new stories as if I was Paul Sheldon. So, went to town. And I bought a typewriter. And paper to type on. The same kind Paul Sheldon used. And I turned the guest bedroom into a writing studio. Would you like to see it?
Thank you.
I know. It's so upsetting. I'm his number-one fan...I've got all his books, every sentence he ever put down. I'm so proud of my Paul Sheldon collection...  ...here I am, prattling on and my manners have just flown away. I haven't invited you in. Please.
Excuse me, that's not exactly the kind of information I was after. You see, he's been missing for quite some time now, and...
Anything you can tell me might help.
What do you want to know?
I was just wondering if you happen to know anything about Paul Sheldon.
Guess you can tell from my reaction, I'm not all that used to visitors out here. What can I do for you?
Sorry, didn't mean to startle you. You didn't give me a chance to knock.
Oh, my!
You did perfect. Except for one thing. This time we need two glasses.
Did I do good?
Ahh!!!
You'll know everything in a minute. Get the champagne.
Oh, Paul, this is so romantic. Ian and Windthorne dueling for the right to Misery's hand. Does Ian win? Oh, don't me. It's Windthorne, right?
I'm almost done.
Yes, Paul.
Dome Pear-igg-non it is.
I was fooling, silly.  You need a cigarette, because you used to smoke but you quit except when you finish a book, and you just have one, and the match is to light it. And you need one glass of champagne.  Dome Pear-igg-non.
You don't know?
What things?
You'll know very soon. I'm starting the last chapter. And when I finish, I want everything to be perfect. I'll require three things.
Oh, Paul. I'm dying. Does she wind up with Ian or Windthorne? You have to tell me.
It will.
Paul, this will be our legacy.
I'm glad you like it.
It WAS Windthorne. I knew it--what does that do to her love for Ian?--  --of course, if she hadn't thought Windthorne was murdered she never would have fallen in love with Ian in the first place.  Sorry, it's just that this is so wonderful.
Maybe. Are you ready for the next chapter?
This is so exciting. It's Windthorne, her first love, right?
Maybe.
The stranger staying at the Inn, is he someone from Misery's past?
Three more chapters to go.
Oh, Paul. It's beautiful.
It's almost done. By dawn we'll be able to give Misery back to the world.
But the time is now. Soon others will come.
I know you do. I love you too, Annie.  And you're right. We are meant to be together. And I know we must die. But it must be so that Misery can live. We have the power to give Misery eternal life. We must finish the book.
That's disgusting.
Be my guest.
I'll drive a sledgehammer into your man-gland if you're not nicer--
Oh, no reason, you keep me prisoner, you make me burn my book, you drive a sledgehammer into my ankles...
Why are you so mean, Mister you'd-be- dead-in-the-snow-if-it-wasn't-for- me?
Why, what are you going to do?  Kill me? Take your best shot.
Don't talk to me like that.
I don't know, it's weird, but a couple of broken bones hasn't done a lot for my creative juices. Get the fuck out of here.
Paul, don't you think it's time for you to start writing again? It's been over a week.
Why would I run away? I'm a writer, Annie--it's all I am--and I've never written this well--even you said that this is my best, didn't you?
Now don't fuss, Paul.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Paul, my little ceramic penguin in the study always faces due south.
No, I haven't.
You've been out of your room.
What?
Paul, I know you've been out.
It is.
That's very kind of you, but I'll bet it's not altogether true.
Why would I want to leave? I like it here.
The book is almost finished. Your legs are getting better. Soon you'll be able to walk. You'll be wanting to leave.
Why would you lose me?
When you first came here, I only loved the writer part of Paul Sheldon. But now I know I love the rest of him too. As much as Misery loves Ian.  I know you don't love me--don't say you do--you're a beautiful, brilliant, famous man of the world; and I'm...not a movie star type. You'll never know the fear of losing someone like you if you're someone like me.
The rain... sometimes it gives me the blues.
Annie, what is it?
I think you're right.
Paul, this is positively the best Misery you've ever written.
To Misery.
Oh, God, what have I done? I'm so sorry, Paul. I ruined your beautiful toast. Will you ever forgive me? Here, let me pour another one.  Can we pretend this never happened? To Misery?
It's perfect.
Are you kidding? If anyone ever told me that one day I'd be having a candlelit dinner with Paul Sheldon in my own house, I woulda checked both legs to see which one was being pulled. Will this do?
Absolutely. Listen, if you can't find any, it's okay. I just thought it might be nice.
You really think so?
Well, it certainly says you.
Oh, you. I just picked things up over the years.
Did you study decorating, or do you just have a flair?
Oh, I don't know. I think so. I'll go look.
Wait, let's do this right. Do you have any candles?
To Misery.
Yes, to Misery. Let me pour you some more wine.
A toast?
Annie, I think we should have a toast.
Oh.  You can't get this in a restaurant in New York.
My secret is I only use fresh tomatoes, never canned. And to give it that little extra zip, I mix in some Spam with the ground beef.
I've never had meatloaf this good, what do you do to it?
Oh...
It looks wonderful. And so do you.
I hope you like it.
Oh, Paul. It would be an honor.
To celebrate Misery's return. I couldn't have done it without you.
I'm going to play my records all day
Whenever he played Radio City, who do you think was right there in the front row?
Misery's alive! Misery's alive. Oh, it's so romantic--this whole house is going to be filled with romance. I'm going to put on my Liberace records--  --you do like Liberace, don't you?
Not even a hint?
Have to wait.
Will she still love him with that special perfect love?
...have to wait.
Oh, Paul, can I read each chapter when you finish? I can fill in the "n"s.  Will she be her old self, now that Ian has dug her out, or will she have amnesia...?
Yeah, yeah...
I've known from the very first book that Misery had to be born of nobility and I was right!
You better. Oh, Paul, when Ian realized that the reason they'd buried Misery alive was because the bee sting had put her in that temporary coma--
Well, is it fair? Should I keep going?
Nothing.
What?
What about a bee...?
You said you can make it so they gotta turn the page. You know, "I 'gotta' know will she live," "I 'gotta' know will he catch the killer." "I gotta see how this chapter ends." You said it. I don't usually buy that magazine. I only got it, 'cause they were interviewing you.
I said that?
The "gotta." Remember, you talked about it in Playboy magazine. You said there's a million things you can't do in this world; you can't hit a curve ball, you can't fix a leaky faucet or make a marriage work-- but there's one thing you always have, and that's the power of the "gotta."
The what?
You can--you have the "gotta"--
I'm telling you, I can't.
Don't be silly. Of course you can.
I can't write this anymore.
What's the matter, Paul? You haven't written a word.
But not you. Not with my Misery. Remember, Ian did ride for Dr. Cleary at the end of the last book, but his horse fell jumping that fence and Ian broke his shoulder and his ribs and lay there all night in the ditch so he never reached the doctor, so there couldn't have been any "experimental blood transfusion" that saved her life. Misery was buried in the ground at the end, Paul, so you'll have to start there.
They always cheated like that in cliff--  --chapter plays.
"HE DIDN'T GET OUT OF THE COCKADOODIE CAR!"
I know that, Mister Man--they also call them serials. I'm not stupid, you know.  Anyway, my favorite was Rocket Man, and once it was a no-brakes chapter, the bad guys stuck him in a car on a mountain road and knocked him out and welded the doors shut and tore out the brakes and started him to his death and he woke up and tried to steer and tried to get out, but the car went off a cliff before he could escape and it crashed and burned and--I was so upset and excited and the next week you better believe I was first in line and they always start with the end of the last week and there was Rocket Man trying to get out, and here came the cliff and JUST BEFORE the car went off he jumped free and all the kids cheered--  --but I didn't cheer, I stood right up and started shouting, "This isn't what happened last week--have you all got amnesia?--THEY JUST CHEATED US--THIS WASN'T FAIR--"
--cliff-hangers--
That's right--when I was growing up in Bakersfield, my favorite thing in all the world was to go to the movies on Saturday afternoons for the chapter plays...
--not fair?
Paul, what you've written just isn't fair.
I really value your criticism, but maybe you're being a little hasty here.
Paul, it's not worthy of you. Throw it all out except for the part of naming that gravedigger after me. You can leave that in.
What? What happened to "I'll treasure whatever you do?"
I'm sorry, Paul. This is all wrong, you'll have to do it over again.
Don't be silly. You'll be brilliant. Think of me as your inspiration.
Yeah, well I wouldn't expect too much.
Here, in case you think of any ideas.
I want my pain to go 'way, Annie-- make it go 'way, please Annie--  --please...
It'll only take a second.
I want my pills NOW!
Poor dear... Let's get you back in bed and I'll get them for you.
You know goddamn well what I've been doing--I'VE BEEN SITTING HERE SUFFERING. I need my pills.
Paul, you're dripping with perspiration, your color is very hectic--what have you been doing?
What's the matter? I'll tell you what's the matter. I go out of my way for you. I do everything to try and make you happy. I feed you, I clean you, I dress you. And what thanks do I get? "You bought the wrong paper, Annie. I can't write on this paper, Annie." Well, I'll get your stupid paper, but you just better start showing me a little more appreciation around here, Mister Man.
Annie, what's the matter?
Are you sure? 'Cause if you want, I'll bring back the whole store for you.
No, just the paper will be fine.
Thank you for thinking of me.  Anything else I can get while I'm in town? Any other crucial requirements that need satisfying? Would you like a tiny tape recorder? Or maybe a handmade set of writing slippers?
I thought you'd be interested. I'd like you to be in on everything, Annie. Not just the finished book, but how it's written.
Well, it does smudge after all--isn't that fascinating?
C'mere, I'll show you.
But mine cost the most so I don't see how it could smudge.
You did great, except there's just one little thing--I can't work with this paper. It's Corrasable Bond, it smudges. Maybe you could go back into town and bring me some white, long-grained mimeo.
You--fooler...!  Did I do good?
It's two of the letters in my favorite nurse's name, Annie.
And I got a great deal on this fifty- pound clunker--on account of it's missing an "n." I told the saleslady "n" was one of the letters in my favorite writer's name.
Great.
Don't worry about that. You'll have total solitude so you can concentrate on your work.
I guess you don't get bothered by neighbors much.
You do understand that this isn't the ordinary way books get written-- I mean, some people might actually consider this an oddball situation.
I expect nothing less than your masterpiece.
You just expect me to whip something off, that it?
Yes. It will be a book in my honor. For saving your life and nursing you back to health. I'll be the first one to read it.  Oh, Paul, you're going to make me the envy of the whole world...
I know you didn't mean it when you killed her, and now you'll make it right.
Misery's Return?
Oh, but Paul!  I don't think, I know! Now that you've gotten rid of that nasty manuscript, you can go back to doing what you're great at--  --you're going to write a new novel-- your greatest achievement ever-- Misery's Return.
Work? You mean write? What in the world do you think I'd write?
That's the big surprise. Your new studio--after all, writers do need a place to work.
Set what up?
Now don't josh. This is a very big day for you, Paul. Here. You just sit tight, and I'll set everything up.
If I knew this was gonna be the surprise, you could've gotten me to burn all my books.
And look what I've got for you. An electric razor so you can shave yourself now.
Great. I've always wanted to visit the other side of the room.
See, isn't this nice?
Great.
Yeah, well, it's a theory. Here's your Novril.  How does tuna casserole sound for dinner?
I don't know.
I do believe the winters are getting shorter and shorter every year. People say it has something to do with the ozone layer. What do you think?
As long as it does exist, your mind won't ever be free. I think you should light the match, Paul.
You're right. You're right. I don't know what I was thinking. I'll tell you what. It doesn't have to be published. Nobody ever has to see it. I'll just keep it for myself. No one will ever have to know it exists.
Oh, Paul. This isn't about money. It's about decency and purity. It's about God's values.
You know, Annie, this book never would have survived without you. When it gets to new York, there will be a big auction, and whatever it brings we can split.  God knows you're entitled to it.
I know this is the only copy, Paul. When you were twenty-four you wrote your first book and you didn't make a copy, because you didn't think anybody would take it seriously. But they did. And ever since you've never made any copies because you're superstitious--it's why you always come back to the Silver Creek Lodge. You told that story to Merv Griffin eleven years ago.
So you've indicated. Do it.
No big deal.
Then light the match, Paul.
This isn't difficult, my agent's made dozens of copies. There's gonna be an auction on this, and every publishing house in New York is reading it now. So if you want me to burn it, fine. You're not ridding the world of anything.
I know this may be difficult for you, but it's for the best.
You want me to burn my book?
Yes.
You want me to burn my book?
Yes.
Show me the way?
But this time I thought clearly. I asked God about you and God said "I delivered him unto you so that you may show him the way."
I'll get you everything you want, but you must listen first. Sometimes my thinking is a little muddy, I accept that. It's why I couldn't remember all those things they were asking me on the witness stand in Denver.
I don't suppose I could have a little snack while I wait for the surprise?
You're such a kidder. I have a big surprise for you. But first there's something you must do.
Perfect.
What are you doing on the floor?  It's my fault. If I'd had a proper hospital bed, this never would have happened. Here, let me help you back in.  I know this hurts, but it'll only take a few seconds. There you go. Comfy?
She slipped away? She slipped away? She didn't just slip away. You did it. You did it. You did it. You did it. You murdered my Misery.
No one--she just died--she slipped away, that's all.
Then who did?
I DIDN'T...
I DON'T WANT HER SPIRIT! I want HER! And you MURDERED her!
Annie, in 1871, women often died in childbirth, but her spirit is the important thing, and Misery's spirit is still alive--
You...you dirty bird. She can't be dead. Misery Chastain cannot be dead! How could you?
Of course I'll like it. Misery's about to have her child. What's it gonna be, a boy or a girl? Ooh, don't tell me.
Well, I hope you like it.
I'd love to stay here and chat, but I'm right at the end and I gotta find out what happens.
It boils down to respect. People just don't respect the institution of marriage any more. They have no sense of real commitment.
Well, it's not something you should enter into lightly.
Don't get me wrong. I'm not against marriage per se. But it would take a pretty special guy to make me want to go down the aisle again.
No problem.
Yeah, thanks.
Done?
I'm...
I just kept reading them over and over. I know when I finish this one-- and I've only got two chapters to go-- I'll just turn right to the front page and start reading it again.
I don't know about you, but what I did to get through it was I dove into work--days, nights--night shifts can be lonely at a hospital. I did a lot of reading. That was hen I first discovered Misery. She made me so happy. She made me forget all my problems.  'Course, I suppose you had a little something to do with that too.
I know how that can be.
For a while I thought I might go crazy.
Yeah, that and Misery's Child--those are the only two divine things ever in this world...
The Sistine Chapel?
I'm on page three-hundred now, Paul, and it's better than perfect--it's divine. What's the ceiling that dago painted?
She's a fine... uh... pig is what she is...
This farm was getting kind of dreary, what with just the few cows and chickens and me--  But when I got Misery here, everything Changed--she just makes me smile so.
I'm getting to believe you.
Yes. I told you I was your number- one fan.
Misery?
I thought it was time you two should meet. Paul, say hello to my favorite beast in all the world, my sow, Misery.
My pleasure.
Thank you so much.
You'd be amazed at what some people will believe.
I knew it. I knew it wasn't true. Boy, how do they get away with printing stuff like that?
Well, you can't believe everything you read in magazines.
I don't mean to pry, but I've read in two magazines now where you were seeing this model who does those disgusting jeans commercials. And I said it can't be true. Paul Sheldon would never waste his time with a trampy woman like that.
I can live with "great."
No. No, it isn't, it's--  --oh pooh, I can't think of any words. Would "great" be insulting?
I guess that means it's okay.
I made you my speciality--scrambled eggs a la Wilkes. And I'm on page 75.
Your agent said she would tell her you were okay. But I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow if you want to speak to her yourself.
I was supposed to be home for her birthday three days ago.
...it's like a visit from my oldest, dearest friend.
My daughter must be going nuts.
Well, mine's still out. But the ones in town were working just fine. I called that agent of yours.  Oh, Paul, I peeked at the very beginning.  What a wonderful first page--just to read the name Misery Chastain...
The phones are working?
The one to town is, but that's about it. I called the hospital and talked to the head orthopedic surgeon. I told him who you were and what had happened. He said as long as there's no infection, you're not in any danger, and as soon as the road to the hospital is open, they'll send an ambulance for you.
Then the roads are open...
They had it at the store, Paul, there was a whole batch of them there. As soon as I saw it, I slammed my money down. I got the first copy.
It's fine.
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you.
Well, these are slum kids, I was a slum kid, everybody talks like that.
It has no nobility.
The profanity bothers you?
The swearing, Paul.  There, I said it.
Pretty rough so far.
Well, it's brilliantly written, but then everything you write is brilliant.
I can take it, go ahead.
Oh, it's ridiculous, who am I to make a criticism to someone like you?
No, what is it?
Nothing.
But what?
Oh, like I could do that?
It's crazy, but I don't really know, I mean I haven't written anything but "Misery" for so long that--you read it you can tell me what you think it's about. Maybe you can come up with a title.
What's it about?
I don't have a title yet.
What's your new book called?
You'll never realize what a rare treat you've given me.
I have a hard and fast rule about who can read my stuff at this early stage--only my editor, my agent, and anyone who saves me from freezing to death in a car wreck.
If you wouldn't mind.
You want to read it?
It shouldn't be too much longer.  Once the roads are open, the lines'll be up in no time. If you give me their numbers, I'll keep trying them for you.  Could I ask you a favor?  I noticed in your case there was a new Paul Sheldon book and...  and I wondered if maybe... 
When do you think the phone lines'll be back up? I have to call my daughter, and I should call New York and let my agent know I'm breathing.
And you're very brilliant, and you must be a good man, or you could never have created such a wondrous, loving creature as Misery Chastain.  Like a baby.  All done. 
You're very kind...
Lucky for you, I did.  Lucky for me too. Because now you're alive and you can write more books. Oh, Paul, I've read everything of Yours, but the Misery novels...
I didn't know it was going to be a big storm.
Don't move now--wouldn't want to hurt this neck--  Well, the other afternoon I was on my way home, and there you were, leaving the Lodge, and I wondered why a literary genius would go for a drive when there was a big storm coming.
Say that last part again, I didn't quite hear--
Well, it wasn't any secret to me that you were staying at the Silver Creek, seeing as how I'm your number- one fan and all. Some nights I'd just tool on down there, sit outside and look up at the light in your cabin--  and I'd try to imagine what was going on in the room of the world's greatest writer.
Following me?
No, it wasn't a miracle at all... in a way, I was following you.
Of course you will. And your arm will be fine, too. Your shoulder was dislocated pretty badly, but I finally popped it back in there.  But what I'm most proud of is the work I did on those legs. Considering what I had around the house, I don't think there's a doctor who could have done any better.
Will I be able to walk?
Your legs just sing grand opera when you move, don't they?  It's not going to hurt forever, Paul, I promise you.
The  blizzard was too strong. I couldn't risk trying to get you there. I tried calling, but the phone lines are down.
Shouldn't I be in a hospital?
They're called Novril--they're for your pain. 
What are they...?
Here.
--my number one fan.
You've been here two days. You're gonna be okay.  My name is Annie Wilkes and I'm--
How long...?
Shhh... we're just outside Silver Creek.
There's that spice again.
It's good you found it.
I'm not sure. Maybe nothing.
What is it?
That thing.  Here it is. Right where it's supposed to be.
What thing?
How many times do I have to tell you-- I have a system here.  Where the hell is that thing?
Oh, I like that tone.
Just leave it, all right?
"There is a justice higher than that of man--I will be judged by Him."
That's nice.
They're hauling Misery into court.
What?
"There is a justice higher than that of man. I will be judged by Him."
Now, you see, it's that kind of sarcasm that's given our marriage real spice.
What do you expect to find? A story about a guy who drove his car off a cliff in a snowstorm?
Virginia, I'm flattered you think I got that much energy. I just figured if I can't find Paul Sheldon, at least I can find out what he wrote about.
Well, whoever she is, she sure likes to read a lot.
Hey, Jim, what's doing? Uh-huh... uh- huh... Jim, we've been over this. If you're gonna have benches in front of your store, people are gonna sit on them. I don't like him either, but I'm not going to come over there and tell him to move. Give my best to Denise. Bye.
There's two kinds of people that drive around in old cars: the ones that can't afford new ones, and the ones who wouldn't give 'em up for anything in the world. That second bunch don't drive around with twenty- five-year-old dents.
It was an old car--those dents could have been there forever.
He might well be. But not the way they say. He didn't crawl out of that car by himself. You saw those dents on the door--someone pulled him out.
You don't think he's dead, do you?
Just from his agent.
Here's the list of all Sheldon's credit charges. Nothing after the Silver Creek.  Any calls?
Hope not--if he is, he's dead. Let's go to the newspaper office.
You really think Sheldon's out there?
Could be--or a rotten branch or a mountain lion could have landed on it. Could be a lot of things.
Could be the weight of the snow.
What? What is it?
Stop--stop right here.
Well, this deputy would rather be home under the covers with the Sheriff.
Virginia, when you're in this car, you're not my wife, you're my deputy.
Four or five days ago. Why?
Work, work, work.  Virginia? When was that blizzard?
We actually got a phone call. Busy morning.
G'bye, Ms. Sindell.
I appreciate that. Thanks a lot.
I hate that I made this call--tell me I'm being silly.
You think he might be missing?
No, no, of course not. It's just that his daughter hasn't heard from him, and when he's got a book coming out, he usually keeps in touch. So when there was no word from him...
I don't know. Does he always phone you when he checks out of hotels?
Not quite. I just called, and they said he checked out five days ago. Isn't that a little strange?
Yeah, I understand he's been up here the last six weeks.
I'm sure you know Paul's been going to the Silver Creek Lodge for years to finish his books.
People sure like those Misery books.
Yes, he is.
He's your client, huh?
Yes.
Paul Sheldon? You mean Paul Sheldon the writer?
I'm a literary agent, and I feel like a fool calling you, but I think one of my clients, Paul Sheldon, might be in some kind of trouble.
I'm sure you're right.
I'll bet that old Mustang's pulling into New York right now.
So do I...
I don't think Mr. Sheldon likes for things to be out of the ordinary. Considering who he is and all, famous and all, he doesn't have airs. Drives the same car out from New York each time--'65 Mustang--said it helps him think. He was always a good guest, never made a noise, never bothered a soul. Sure hope nothing happened to him.
No long-distance phone calls, Federal Express packages--anything at all out of the ordinary?
No, see, he always ordered a bottle of Dom Perignon when he was ready to go. Then he'd pay up and be out the door.
Maybe you can, Libby.
Nothing unusual about Mr. Sheldon's leaving, Buster--you can tell by the champagne.
Oh. That kind. Nothing odd about that.
No, the typing kind.
Newspapers?
Miz Wilkes? Same old stuff.  --Lest you call paper odd.
Has she been buying any odd things lately?
Are you kidding? Every time that fella writes a book, she makes me set aside the first copy.
You wouldn't happen to remember if Miz Wilkes bought one, would you?
We had a batch. Sold 'em all in three days.
Do you have any of those new Paul Sheldon books?
If I can.
Answer me a couple things?
Buster.
Hey, Pete.
I am. Well, maybe not completely--
I thought you were over it.
Now you've hurt me, Paul.
Gee, Marcia, if I didn't know you better, I'd think you were suggesting I dredge up the worst horror of my life just so we could make a few bucks.
Paul, since you brought her up, I have to ask you this, or I'd be drummed out of the agents' union-- what about a non-fiction book? The truth about what went on in that house.
I like it. Remember how you once said I live my whole life as if I'm in danger of being found out? Well, I believe I've managed to get that guy down on paper.  Don't think I'm completely nuts, but in some way, Annie Wilkes, that whole experience, helped me.
I'm delighted the critics are liking it, and I hope the people like it, too. But it's not why I wrote the book.
I thought you'd be thrilled. You're being taken seriously.
Great.
And my contacts at Time and Newsweek tell me they're both raves. And don't laugh--for the first time, I think you've got a shot at some prizes.
That'd be a first.
The word I'm getting is the Times review is gonna be a love letter.
Here it is.  Very first copy.
Yeah. They're in the semis.
Did they win?
Sorry I'm late. Jenny's basketball game went into overtime. If anybody ever told me I'd have a daughter who'd get a triple double, I'd...
Marcia, why are you doing this to me? Don't you know I'm scared enough? Don't you think I remember how nobody gave a shit about my first books? You think I'm dying to go back to shouting in the wilderness?  I'm doing this because I have to.  Now, I'm leaving for Colorado to try to finish this and I want your good thoughts--because if I can make it work ...  I might just have something that I want on my tombstone.
I'm glad to hear that, Paul, I really am. But you have to know--when your fans find out that you killed off their favorite heroine, they're not going to say, "Ooh, good, Paul Sheldon can finally write what we've always wanted: An esoteric, semi- autobiographical character study.
Marcia, you know I started "Misery" on a lark. Do I look like a guy who writes romance novels? Do I sound like Danielle Steel? It was a one- time shot and we got lucky. I never meant it to become my life. And if I hadn't gotten rid of her now, I'd have ended up writing her forever.  For the first time in fifteen years, I think I'm really onto something here.
No, no. Misery Chastain put braces on your daughter's teeth and is putting her through college, bought you two houses and floor seats to the Knick games and what thanks does she get? You go and kill her.
Marcia, please.
Not a bad business. This thing would still be growing, too. The first printing order on Misery's Child was the most ever--over a million.
I haven't been a writer since I got into the Misery business--
You're still a writer.
When I wrote my first book, I used to carry it around in this while I was looking for a publisher. That was a good book, Marcia. I was a writer then.
It's... it's nice, Paul. It's got... character.
An old friend. I was rummaging through a closet and it was just sitting there. Like it was waiting for me.
Hugh, I'm impressed..
Afraid he's got no choice.  I believe I broke his jaw.
In the envelope in my pocket.  My right.. jacket..pocket..
Where is it?
Hugh, take care of the Nekhorvich memory card.
I thought you were going to dinner.
Sean, please..
You're not scrutinizing any casual shrug for some hair-splitting nuance, are you?
Well, you've thorough about it, at any rate.
One considers her timing, of course - getting nicked within a week of the plane going down.  Suggestive, even borderline suspicious, but hardly conclusive.
Wasn't exactly gagging for it when she left you six months ago..The question is, do you trust her?
From her point of view or mine?
Not everything.  Why do you think she's really here?
Not possible..
- right -  - don't go too far ahead of me now -
All done, chief..
- pull the NO2 tank and dump it, it's potential evidence..
In just a few hours you can be assured of going down in history as the typhoid Mary of Oz.  G'day.
What are you talking about?
If it'll make you feel any better, you're going to take a lot of Aussies with you and make me a lot of money.
If it'll make you feel any better I won't do it again.
God damn it, Nyah!  Why did you do it?  Why did you save that bastard?
Not as much as you feel like hearing it.
Feel like pleading for your life?
Lovely.
Ulrich will be about.  He'll look after you.
Oh, no, not at all.  Maybe just a bit.
Yes.  We won't be able to have dinner tonight.  Something's come up.  I hope you don't mind.
A change of plans?
And you're going to have time.  There's been a change of plans.
Sort it all out.
To do what?
I don't know what to do about you, Sean. I'm more than a bit muddled.  I need time.
Then don't say it.
Sean, there's something I've been meaning to talk to you about... Isn't going to be easy for me to say.
Well, that's good, isn't?
You picked another winner!
What else?
To win?
Yeah.  Naturally vain -- but they're about to close the betting table and I haven't a sou..
See anything you like?
Say no more.  I'm off to grab a drink. Still favor Bellinis?
'Thief in the Night?'
What made you pick <i>that</i> nag?  She'd never won a bloody thing.
I suppose I did.
You won.
Maybe that's it, then.  Everything's upside down and backwards...
Won't do, love.  It's not spring.  It's nearly autumn..You're in Oz.  everything's upside down and backwards here.
Only because..it's spring..chalk it up  - to spring fever.
I said you're beautiful, Nyah.
Oh, I am.  Later..
You're not interested in seeing how it looks.
And my room?
Mmmm.
Your room.
Ahh..
Magic...
How do you that.
How I usually find you, Nyah.
How hard you had to work to get me out of there..how in the world did you ever find me?
On what.
Well that depends.
How grateful?
I left in a bit of a hurry.  I'm terribly grateful, Sean.
Not much luggage.
Sit down.  You'll be a billionaire.  Better than being broke.  I've got terrorists and other pharmaceutical companies standing in line.  Ball's in your court, Mr. McCloy.
Outrageous.  I won't let you take control of my company.
In downtown Sydney for a start.
Where?
An outbreak of <i>Chimera.</i>
What are you talking about?
Good.  Biocyte stock is just a week or two away from going through the roof.
Bellerophen?  No time at all once I've got it.
In other words, you're calling her a flake.
Oh, Hunt, please! One can't hold Nyah responsible for her actions..
She wouldn't  be here if it wasn't for you, Hunt.  from this moment you're responsible for what happens to her, and if you're looking out for her well-being, I suggest you advise her to pick up the gun and bring it to me.  Ball's in your court, Hunt.  What've you got to say? Nyah's waiting for your answer.
She doesn't belong here, Sean.  Let her go.
Somebody's been slipping you our mail. Come on out here, you bad girl.
Than thirty-seven million pounds?  Not really.
Why, you going to make me a better offer?
What was the top bid?
Yep.  You've provided us with a golden opportunity to have both the bug and the bug killer.
There it is, guys, the last of it.
Oh.  then you knew the only way could smuggle the live virus to the CDC scientists in Atlanta was by injecting himself and using his own bloodstream as a Petri dish, doing it inside of twenty hours so he could take the anti-virus and still have it be effective.  You knew that while you were knocking him off and destroying the very thing you came for.
I knew where it was.
I would've thought the hardest part was exercising restraint.  Curbing that pressing need of your to get your gun off.  You were in such a hurry to knock off that 747, you never figured out where the virus really was.
You know, that was the hardest part of having to portray you.  Grinning like an idiot every fifteen minutes.
Beats fighting the flu, I'm here to tell you.
And you're happy about that?
Fight a bit of a cold..
Not going in from the ground.  Show me the atrium.
If you look at Hunt's operational history, he invariably favors misdirection and deception. For a start he won't go into Biocyte from the ground where he has to risk confrontation with security.
Billy, make sure Nyah's not followed.
Nyah!
Which means, Mr. McCloy, we have to get our hands on four hundred and eighty thousand options.  We'll borrow your thirty million to buy those options.  Your stock's never sold above thirty-one dollars a share.  We'll agree to buy at fifty.
Ninety-three point four million.
-- now here's the way it's going to work..Wallis, the shares outstanding are..
In any case we don't want your cash.
More like two-two point two million.
Not exactly.  Wallis?
It's that time.  Go.
Checkpoint Charlie plus 30, altitude minus two-zero-thousand.  Airspeed one-seven- niner knots..
Unless we dose her with Bellerophon on the next ninety-seven minutes, Nyah will kill herself.  So, first things, first. Swanbeck said there's no cash movement from any monitored terrorist accounts.
What are you talking about?
Wrong.  All we've got to worry about is Ambrose.  Nyah will take care of Nyah.
I'll be damned.  It's McCloy, the Biocyte CEO.
Ambrose is meeting some bloke in the bar. Big bloke, ginger hair. They're into something.
Oh well, if that's how you feel about it.
Not at all.  But how about going into town and confirming your intuitions on site?
Well do you disagree with that?
- or hard wired, right.  First line of perimeter defence'll run from the back of the dock to the front of the house. Whatever moves burps or bleep is gonna be picked up to a height of twenty feet. Basically impenetrable, I'd say.
..or hard wired..
Well you know his blokes'll place the OSCOR in his annex, where else if you're pinpointing transmitters, video signals, covert chip cameras, anything radiating, oscillating..
A myth..just a myth...shouldn't you be checking out their countersurveillance?
What you got there, mate?
It's okay.  She scrambled the transmission.  Luther, continue feeding the GPS her position.
Damn.  Just when it was about to get interesting.
Right.  Just remember, mates.  Billy Baird's the name.  Anything you need to get, move or watch, I'm your man.
And the check's in the mall.
That's it?  That's it? That's it?
We're down to seven minutes 23 seconds..
There she is.  I got visual.
I hope there's a place to land.
Range is two kay.
Not for seven more minutes.
We're due to take off.
Right.
Before we kill her or cure her..
..in the building...
Exactly where is she?
Billy.  I think we got a problem.  Nyah's on the wing.  Up early.  Billy, do you copy?
I'm not ready!
Package away in five..four..three.. two..one...
There guys are walking around with different halves of the same dollar bill?
So Ambrose has Bellerophon and McCloy's got Chimera.
What manic invents  disease like that in the first place?  Why would he do it?
Ambrose obviously got these from Nekhorvich on the plane.
Then we got'em!
It is, Billy.
Hope he kills all the bugs before the yellow dot gets to the red one.
What can we do' mate?
He should've have killed the virus in the incubation area..Nyah's exited the elevator on the same level as the lab.
How're we doin', then?
Five and a half minutes.  He's breached the hot zone..
How much longer before you can reach him?
She's in the elevator heading toward Ethan.
I am. She is.
Say again. Sounds like you're saying 'she's in the building.'
He's heading down the stairs, now..
I'm booted up.  Go, Ethan.
No...
No.  You just looked as if you did.
No.  Should I?
I'm infected with Chimera.  You know you don't have a choice.  Just do it now.
No.
Then you'll have to kill me before it's too late.  Before I start killing people.
No.
I guess I lied..You can't get both of us out of here, can you?
- you who don't have a conscience.
I wasn't thinking!  Just..trying to keep you from getting hurt, that's all.
What did you think you were doing!
No time to explain.  You've done well, and we're so close.  So close.  It's critical that you do whatever Ambrose asks.  Don't worry - it'll be over soon.. That's a promise.. Come on, now off you go!
What?  You told me to get out of here.  I thought you were here to collect me.  I was so relieved.
Nyah, it's very important not do anything to alarm Ambrose..
Ethan, you know what frightens me most when I'm with him?..the thought of never seeing you..how are we getting out of here?
It's going to be okay.
I am now.  Get me out of here.  Just get me out of here.
Are you okay?
Oh Ethan!..
Easy, easy, easy, shhh!
He's touched your heart.  You're overwhelmed.  You need to think it over. You'll meet him somewhere in a month.  If You're not out in 48 hours I'm coming in and getting you out.  Give me the ear piece.
How do you suggest I go about it?
I want you out of Australia!  ..I don't know how much more plainly I can put it.
Ethan, tell me -
Nyah, you've done more than enough.  Even the best of snake charmers get bit.
Why?  What's happened. What did you see?
I want <i>you out of there.</i>
You noticed.  What're you going to do? Spank me?
I managed.
I'll muddle through.
Betting table twelve off the paddock. Nyah, are you up to this?
Where do I meet you?
Affirmative.
-- his left jacket pocket.
Bids from possible Chimera buyers -- to prove that as of the date on the newspaper those bids are back up by earnest money --
Ambrose has photographs of newspapers with loads of money piled on them -- thirty- seven million on the London Times.  What's that about?
I've no doubt.
Annex is strictly off limits to me and they never come to the main house, Michael even takes their meals to them all but shoves them under the door.
Have you met them?
- Michael, his driver's an Aussie, new to me.  Then there's the blokes in the annex at the back of the house.
We know him.  He's over your left shoulder, looking right at you as you go on..
Just about..
Just like old times?
Just like old times.
How's it going?  Everything okay?
Well, forewarned is forearmed.  And while we're at it, be especially sensitive to any sudden change in Ambrose's plans, especially any involving you..
Ethan, you take care of yourself, I'll take care of myself because if push comes to shove, I'm gonna bail - and without giving two week notice.
You'll be fine.  I'm going to lose you.
Yes?
He's got you on Qantas flight 2735.  It's going to be delayed.
Oh, I do.  But as we know I'm a very poor judge of character.
You don't trust me.
How can you possibly?  I've got to get right on the plane.  I'm leaving now.
Before you are.
Very funny..maybe he has heard and doesn't want to know.  Maybe he's lost interest.
Well, I mean it's not a total loss.  It is keeping a very capable thief off the street..
This doesn't seem to be accomplishing much.
Look, I can't run your arrest in CNN, but I guarantee he's monitoring every law enforcement agency in the world, for what they might be saying about him, if nothing else - he's got the ability and, we assume, the desire to get you out of there.
Probably that I needed him in some urgent way..destitute - in serious trouble..the kind I couldn't possible sort out myself..
What wouldn't make him suspicious?
Sean will never be anything but suspicious if he picks up some sort of 'yoo-hoo-I'm- not-nad' message.  Not after the way we broke up.
Then feel better!..
Much.
Look, would it make you feel better if I didn't want you to do this?
Not me.  I was just hoping you might..or that..somehow in the course of business this got personal as well as physical.
Can you think of a better one?
And that's the only reason?
Generally, I don't favor coercing someone. Not when there's a chance my life could end up in their hands.
Someone in possession of all the facts.  Are you telling me I have to do this?
I don't.
No.  You can be a thief and have a conscience:  Not me.  Why did you have to tell me about this!  What do I have to do to get away from this guy?  When you're with him, he messes about with your head every waking moment..even now I'll be at some out-of- the-way-place, a tin of caviar and a bottle of Crystal shows up at the table, with two glass, God knows how he finds out at any given moment where I am in the world but he does.  And it looks like he's done it again.  You know his definition of a  true paranoid?
You can be a thief and have a conscience.
But I don't have a conscience.  I'm a bloody thief.
Something like that.
You've either got it or you don't.  Let your conscience be your guide?
So would I.  But it's not mine to give.
I'd like a little more conviction..
Go and insinuate yourself back into Sean's life.
But it is what you'd like me to do. so tell me to do it..
This wasn't what I had in mind, Nyah.
Not that it matter much but..I seem to recall you staying something like, 'I was hoping we could work together.'
Sean Ambrose, for one.
That's lot of people out there..how many of them, I wonder, are capable of something like that?
And six billion in the world.
There's nearly 2 million in London.
Five, six-hundred thousand.
What's the population of Seville any idea?
That's because I'm on my back.
Damn, you're beautiful.
Ask a question, you get an answer!..
Of what?
Spoken like a spook..you ever afraid?
So do I.  Sort of.
Well, then, what I am I doing here?  I assume I'm meant to be some sort of thief-to catch-a-thief..
I don't know that they 'pinched' it. Don't even know that they're blokes.
You're not a liar.  Or you're an awfully good one..  ..this thing these blokes pinched..
So where did I got right?
That they're lying.
Which is?
That's not the point.  In the end what spies rely on is the one thing they think they know that you don't.
Not revealing information doesn't necessarily make someone a liar.
The only other spook I knew was a liar. Charming but absolutely incapable of telling the truth.  He'd lie about his favorite color.  But then I reckon it's an occupational hazard.  All spies really do is conceal the truth and tell lies.
They've got a book for everything.
They've got a book for this?
Oh.  Well..this isn't exactly by the book.
When they've got your recruiting technique?  Not a thing.
Who wants to be decent?..
Care to wait a decent interval?
Awfully short notice..
Well, Ethan Hunt, what is it you want to talk to me about?
Ethan Hunt.
What's you name?
Oh bloody hell.  You're a spy.
Scotland Yard, Interpol, every Dutch authority.  I can make them go away.
Your help?  What are you talking about?
I need your help and I thin you can use mine.
Listen to what?
Pull over and listen to me, will you? Just listen..
Where did you get this number?  I don't even have it!
Hi.  Would you mind slowing down?
Hola..
Not really.  I triggered the alarm..
You're apologizing for me?  Quite the gentleman..
You didn't do that badly.
Sounds smashing.  I'm in.  Muchacho, mi carro, por favor!  Now be serious.  You couldn't possibly want me off tonight's performance..
Working under adverse conditions.  Highly adverse conditions.
May I say something, no offence?  You look like a gigolo, you sound like a thief, you act like a cop - what the bloody hell do you have in mind?
Wanted to see how good you were. I'm hoping we might work together.
If you weren't going to let me get away with it, why did you let me go thru with it?
At least you walked.
I'm missing something here, aside from a 500,000 pound necklace.  Even after I botched the job, I could've walked out of there with the bloody thing.
Well, Senor de l'Arena, there's no reason to disrupt your party any longer.  we have some further concerns about the disposition of your security guards, which you'll receive in our written report by fax in the morning, hard copy to follow.  Shall we?
Indeed.
Under the circumstances I think we would recommend re-setting the senors to respond to a lighter load.  How do you feel about forty kilos, Miss Hall?
Do what?
I wouldn't do that.
- right..
Hey, you put me here.  I just do what I'm told.
- this is very disconerting..
- torque wrench.
Where's the bloody -
Far right.
- right..where is it?
Oh, either way works for me.
Would you mind if I'm on top?
I see.  You're not just another pretty face..
Think you're the only one who can pick a lock?
What are you doing here?
Uh-huh?
Uh-huh.
What if I pay the rent?
Look, it's either you or the rent and I don't mind telling you it's not an easy choice.
There's not enough time in the world for any of it to be bad.
Not tonight.  Bad timing.  Sorry -
Oh.  Well.  I think that can be arranged.
No.  Just as if I'd like to.
No.  You just looked as if you did.
No.  Should I?
Do you know me?
Oh, you don't have to do that. Wouldn't be a vacation if you did.
Not sure.  Some sort of vacation.  I'll let you know where I'm going.
Well, Hunt, what are your plans?
I don't.  No exactly.
Where is she now, by the way?  Do you know?
I do.
In this case, it wasn't a bad idea.  In face, it was a pretty damn good idea. Just don't make a habit of it.  And, as for Ms. Hall, in light of her efforts, her criminal records will certainly be expunged.  I'm assuming you approve.
No, I don't.  But in this case -
By fire.  That's the best way, really.
But you were under specific instructions to bring back a living sample of the Chimera virus.  I'd be very interested to know how, after you'd managed its recovery intact, it subsequently got destroyed.
Well, Bellerophon, it turns out, was only really effective against Chimera.
And that appears to have been destroyed. It also contained the anti-virus, Bellerophon.
Yes.
And the only other remaining sample was in the canister you recover from Ambrose.
Yes, I gathered as much.
Of course it was.  Anyone whose operations requires the level of disinformation that yours do, is bound to get a little flak here and there.  You try flogging the stories on CNN I've had to come up with about what's been going on around here the last few days.  At any rate, it's been most instructive -- what they'll swallow, or what they'll broadcast with a straight face.  Miss Hall's blood, it appears, has absolutely no elements of the Chimera virus.  Not even antibodies.
I'd thank you -- but I'm not sure that was a compliment.
Why not?  You've done just about everything else on this operation.
You'd like me to conduct my own debriefing.
Sorry, Ethan.  I don't quite know where to begin.  Any suggestions?
No.  I can't afford to be curious.  And neither can you, Hunt..
Aren't you even curious?  About why she did it?
Something else?
Brave girl.  If you can get hold of Bellerophon with the time limit, you may spare her the ultimate sacrifice.  But in either case you've got less than nine hours to kill her or cure her.  After that it's out of our hands and a matter of worldwide material law.  And Hunt.  However you obtain it, we want you to preserve a sample of Chimera.  Bring it back alive.
She sacrificed herself..
- good.  Then if you manage to get hold of Ambrose, and obtain what he's got, you've got -  - 8 hours 57 minutes and twenty-three seconds to destroy the largest remaining source of Chimera on earth.
Yes, I believe that's right.  Now my understanding is that 20 hours after exposure, the victim becomes infectious. Highly infectious.
You mean that leaves Miss Hall.
But that leaves another seven or eight pints of Chimera.
Yes, I believe that's right.
Do you?  Even assuming you're able to prevent Ambrose selling Chimera, you've now got an additional problem.  You destroyed all of Chimera at Biocyte.  If Ambrose is going to sell Chimera now, he'll have to do it by taking a pint or so of Miss Hall's blood to market.
We think we've got our finger on the buyer.
We could lock down passport control and all ports of authority, but that won't stop Ambrose, and beyond him, we don't know who else we're looking for -- all terrorist bank accounts of which we're aware are stable.  No deposits, no withdrawals.  Therefore no suspects.
Not yet.  We did manage to pull any sensitive equipment and material out of our safehouse wreckage.
Well it's not mission <i>difficult,</i> Hunt. It's mission <i>impossible.</i>  Difficult should be a walk in the park for you.  If you can think of a quicker way to get to Ambrose, you're welcome to try.  Oh, by the way, you might want to take a look at these..if you have any further qualms about getting her to do the job.
Very.
You mean it'll be difficult.
I don't think I can get her to do it.
Go to bed with a man and lie to him? She's a woman.  She's got all the training she needs.
She's got no training for this kind of thing.
Well, then I mislead you.  Or you made the wrong assumption.  Either way we're asking her to resume a prior relationship, not do anything she hasn't already done.
You made it sound as if I was recruiting her for her skills as a thief.
Then makes sure she continues to see him. Gets him confide in her and report to you.
And then what?
Miss Hall and Ambrose had a relationship which he took very seriously.  She walked away and he's wanting her back ever since.  We believe she's our surest and quickest way of location him.
Excuse me?
- is where Miss Hall comes in.
If that's what you're thinking Ambrose would have set up a bidding situation with any number of buyers before he got on the plane.  Locating him in time to stop something like that -
Well you know Nekhorvich's history. You're the one who got him out of the Soviet Union was it still in bio- weapon business.
'Terrorists?'
- right.  In fact since the plane went down our banking sources have confirmed a marked increase in the stock pilling of cash in terrorists accounts.
In order to do that, I've got to figure out how he plans to make money with it.
In any case, you've got to recover Chimera and bring it to us.
Right now only Ambrose knows that.
The question is why?  What was this Chimera Nekhorvich was carrying?
Sean feels he hasn't done the job unless he leaves a lot of hats on the ground.
Enough to kill Nekhorvich and two hundred innocent passengers?
Whatever Nekhorvich was carrying Sean wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact that he took it.
Then you do think it was Ambrose.
So there's one thing we know Ambrose doesn't.
Not necessarily.
You know we had reservations about each other.  Isn't it a little late in the day to be asking me that?
What did you think of him?
Twice.
When I couldn't find you, I had to replace you.  Sean Ambrose was the obvious choice. He double you, what?  Two, three times?
You were there.
If he didn't want to go anywhere without me, how did you get him on the flight?
Dr. Vladimir Nekhorvich is dead.  So is his colleague, Gradski, but that happened earlier.  We had Nekhorvich on a flight from Sydney that crashed in the Rockies..
Like it's a good idea to pick him up in a hurry.  And a bad idea to fly him on a commercial carrier.  So let's get on with it.  He's still in Sydney?
Like?
An idea, yeah.
You gotta be kidding.
'You're sorry and I'm sorry.'
Like what?
Why did you phrase it like that?
Well.  You're sorry and I'm sorry.
Don't be.  Wouldn't be on vacation if you did.
Sorry I didn't let you know where I was.
I'm fine..
..I'm fine..and you?
You keep calling me Dmitri.  You really shouldn't.
..it seems we have a problem, Dmitri.
No.  After you've lived with <i>Chimera</i> for twenty hours, nothing can save you.  Not even...<i>Bellerophon.</i>
..not in time to save him.
Yes, he knew.  Just..
He was quite a man.  Did he know before the end you two had succeeded?
Yes, I'm sorry too.. 'You're sorry and I'm sorry..'  - you do know Gradski thought the world of you.
Sorry it couldn't be under happier circumstances.
I'm with an old friend now, Dmitri.
They're ready and waiting.  You'll soon be with old friends.
Well, yes.  I suppose I am a bit anxious.
You keep staring at that watch as if your life depended on it, Doctor..
Good job.  And thanks.
So what did he say?
Copy.  She's only got twenty-eight minutes left.  Track ahead and pick her up.
She's on the North Head Bluff - approaching the cliffs.  One klick away.
Luther, say again.
Ninety-seven minutes, twenty-seven seconds.
Ethan, I keep telling you there's not a chance of locating Nyah til I access the satellite and there's not a chance of doing that til I get this thing booted up and running!  How much time does she have left?
Oh. Uh. Commencing diversion.  Alarm in cosmetics.
Luther, I'm looking at security.
I'm not waiting 48 hours.  When we're done at Biocyte, if she's not out of Ambrose's, I'm going in and getting her out.
Thirty-second opening in the roof and a 250-foot drop.
No garage entrance.  Lobby's protected by five guards on rotating patrol.
Now how to get in there.
All storage and production of Chimera is done here, in this lab on the forty-second floor, the heart of the building.
Let's start from the inside out.
Nyah still on the property?
Sorry, that it a Biocyte facility, their storage structure..
You've got the voice print, I'll get us in..
I kill Chimera at Biocyte and he's sitting on a cure without a disease.
Yeah.  Why else would he come back to Australia?  If he had them both, he could sell them anywhere.
Ambrose got Bellerophon from Nekhorvich on the plane, but he didn't get the Chimera virus.
I told her to get outta there.
She must still be on the property.
I don't know, but Nekhorvich was not a manic.  Get me a twenty on Nyah.
Nyah, Ambrose is heading back.  There's an enveloped inside --
Left jacket pocket confirmed.
Confirm.  Left jacket pocket.
Roger that.
Left jacket pocket?
Ambrose just pulled the memory card out of the digital camera and put it into an envelope, put it in his inner left jacket pocket...
Yep.
Nekhorvich's boss?
Right.  I guess there aren't many flu epidemics in the middle of summer.
Luther..get us everything you can on the outbreak of influenza on Bruny Island last month, including photos of the victims.
Why not?
That simple, huh?
Nekhorvich specialized in recombining DNA molecules.  In the myth, Bellerophon killed Chimera, a recombinant monster with the head of a lion and the tail of a serpent who plagued the ancient world.  I think Nekhorvich has created a monster virus in Chimera and apparently the means to kill it in Bellerophon.
The satellite doesn't work as fast as I do.
Put in the coordinates and let's get a visual.  The visuals aren't coming up.
It's the transponder.
You know, I think it's a little late for that.  Do give my regards to Gradski if you see him.
Well, the thought had occurred to me.  I needed Chimera in order to peddle Bellerophon.  For hero to be appreciated, you need a monster. Now that's not so difficult to understand, is it?  Look, time was a shot of penicillin could knock off every bloody bug in the zoo!  Not anymore!..have you any idea the R&D money it takes to float one little pissy boutique antibiotic that's barely effective against one strain of one bacterium?  If I couldn't makes money killing the microscopic little shits that are out there, you'd help me put one out there I can make on!..there it is.  I've confessed.  I, John C. McCloy, am in business to make money.  Lilly's making billions feeding Prozac to depressed dogs.  Pfizer doesn't even know where to put the money they're making on Viagra, and let me tell you that shit didn't do a thing for me even at twice the recommended dose, Jesus, who do I have to screw to get a a break!..now get me out of here, get me treated and let's go back to work!..
You wanted the disease in order to peddle the cure.
You still don't get it, do you?  You want to make an omelet, you break a few eggs - <i>I needed to know just how bad the disease was</i> - in the real world, not the lab.  And you never know til you try.  You thought you were genetically splicing together strains of influenza to create a cure for all influenzas.  But I saw you creating a disease so terrible in <i>Chimera</i> that the cure would be priceless.
By asking me.
Oh, please!  How was I to know they had to be treated with Bellerophon within twenty hours?
'If?'  My, my, my...the five hundred people on Bruny Island that you deliberately infected with <i>Chimera</i> needed it as well.
You took it!  All of it!  And what if I need it?
Do I?
You have Bellerophon.
You are infected with <i>Chimera,</i> my friend.
It was in the bloody papers, on the telly..what's this about Gradski?
Fatigued, certainly.  But dead is a little extreme.  On the other hand, when me dear Gradski had your pulse and blood pressure he has less than ten hours to live.
What's happening here?  You're dead!
A visit from an old friend.
Yes, Anatoly, yes.
To friends.
Dimitri Miediev...Dimitri Miediev...
His name is.....Dimitri Miediev.
Come on!
You're right, of course.
You asked for my help.  You <u>asked</u> for <u>my</u> help...come on...
They'll kill me.
C'mon, c'mon, tell the truth...c'mon.
I don't remember what happened!  We were at the bar, drinking, laughing -- having fun.
Kasimov, Kasimov, good that you called us.
Good idea.
Maybe we donít have to know what he looks like.  If heís got that list, heís going to want to check it.  We should be looking for laptops.
This is bullshit - we donít even know what Max looks like.
Nothing but civilians, Gene.
I donít know.  It didnít say on the tickets.
What kind of show.
Heís putting on a show, Barnes.
But why tell us?
High speed train.  No-one gets on.  No- one gets off.  High security.  Good place for a pass off to Max.
Whatís Hunt doing on the TGV?
And if we donít find him - weíll search the whole train again.
Only four more cars.
What about him...?
You and I know about this -- and that's where it stops.  Understand?  It never happened.
Okay!
Same thing he wanted in Prague!  Same thing he's always wanted!  The NOC list!
<u>Think</u>, for Christ's sake, you guys are mired in detail, open your minds, it's gotta be staring us in the face!  What does Ethan Hunt <u>want</u>?!
S.O.P..
That's S.O.P..
Let's not waste time chasing him.  Make him come to us.  Everybodyís got pressure points.  Find out something that's important to him personally and you squeeze.
So what do you suggest?
What can we do, Barnes?  Put a guy at the airport?  How many identities do you think Hunt has?  How many times has he slipped past custom, in how many countries?  These guys are trained to be ghosts.  <u>We</u> taught them how to do it, for Christ's sake!
Look we can use someone from the Embassy and we can get the local authorities involved. Close off his transportation.
The man's gone black, Barnes.  He's under until he decides to surface.
Yes.
Now we donít have to eliminate him?  You like that, donít you Claire?  Donít you?
Donít Jim.
Fold it.  Fold it tight.
All ten million.
Satisfied?
Jim - lets just get the money and get out of here.
Well Claire do you?  Have you been exploiting his feelings or returning them?
Why the masquerade?  Why take the risk? Well, Claire, youíve asked the question and you are the answer.
Ethan, if you knew about Jim?..Why..
Two minutes til Krieger shows.  Thisíll have to be quicker than Iíd like. Certainly quicker than youíd like.
Course he did.  Just exactly when he knew is something of a question.  Before or after I showed in London, mind telling me, Ethan?
You knew about Jim?
Stay out of this. OR Lachez - moi OR T'agueue
Krieger.
I don't think you're in any position to give orders, do you?  Not while I'm holding this.
May take a little time.
Krieger can get it.  Right?
If we're going to Virginia, why don't we drop by Fort Knox?  I can fly a helicopter right in through the lobby and set it down inside the vault and it will be a hell of a lot easier than breaking into the God damn CIA.
Always.
Is he serious?
I always have, Claire..
Itís all right, Ethan..youíll bring me back...wonít you...
Claire.
This stuff is so sticky.
Claire...Hey...
Ethan?
Of course - Iím sorry to hear you say that Claire.
Ethanís right behind me.  Listen to me Jim.  Is it such a good idea to kill him? We take the money.  Ethan takes the blame.  No-one else has seen you alive. No-one will believe him.
You are my eyes.  Stay with him.
Two cars.  Where are you?
Kittridge is Job.  Max delivered.  How far is he from Luther?
Ethan...Kittridge is on the train.
Yes.......come here....viens pres moi...
Is this the only way?
Okay...
I sent the message to Max.  Weíre on for tomorrow.
What happened?
He's expecting my call.  I'm going to the station...  And I'm going to call him.
What are you going to do?
Bastard!
Kittridge...
I'm going to try and get some sleep.
We did what we had to do.
I'm so sorry.  Krieger was my call.  I've never worked with him.  I'm sorry, Ethan.
What about me - Jim called an abort - I didn't comply.  I lost the team. I just need you to be safe.
What about you?
I just need you to be safe.
You didn't have to.........
I didn't say that.
You don't think we're going to make it.
It's cash. And a second passport. If anything goes wrong when we're inside, if you sense even the slightest deviation don't look over your shoulder, you walk away - you hear me? Just walk away.
Sure...
May I come in?
What kind of help?
We need help, and we don't have time. They have to be local.
Jim was my husband. I want to know who killed him.  I want to get the son of a bitch who did this.
You're sure about this?
We've got seventy-five rounds for your Glock 9, but only twenty for the Sig Sauer, one pair of Visco glasses with monitor, plenty of passports. You said it yourself -- if I'm not dead, I'm with you.
I deliver the NOC list, Max delivers Job.
Max made a deal with you?
I'm going to answer it.
The message is for Job.
Claire, Claire, Claire, if you're not dead, he's going to assume you're with me.
Ethan, you're not making sense. Let me go in and talk to Kittridge. I'm going to tell him you had nothing to do...
I'm going to get it for him.  Whoever the mole is, I think goes by the name of Job, at least part of the time. 1 can't find him, but if he knows 1 have the NOC list, he'll find me.
What are you going to do?
I've been disavowed.  They think I killed Jim and everyone else.  Somehow a hundred thousand dollars found its way into my parents' bank account.  Kittridge assumes I'm a mole they've been tracing and I've been in the employ of an arms dealer, Max, for the last two years, to get him our NOC list.
Why haven't they brought us in yet?
No one sent me!  We're supposed to be back here at four o'clock, four o'clock, if we abort, we don't return here until four o'clock, 0-four hundred, four am, four o'clock --!
Who sent you?!  Who sent you?
Who is they, who is they?
Did they send you...Did they send you?
Who is "they?"
That was four hours ago!  Who sent you? Did they send you here?
I walked away.  He said abort.  He was gone so I walked away.
Where were you?
Take off your God damn coat!
What?
Take off your coat.
They're dead.  Jim's dead.
What happened to Jim?
There was nobody on the bridge.
What happened to Jim?
Don't give me that!  I was on the bridge.
No, I got out of the car and I ran to the bridge.
Shut up!  I saw you.  You were in the car.
I wasn't.  I heard that Jim was in trouble on the radio.  He said someone was...
You were in the car!
Don't move.
Ethan -- Ethan, it's okay.  It's Claire. Ethan what's wrong with you?
Roger that.
Sarah's reconsidering.  Claire, transport in five minutes.
Oh yeah?
If you're gonna do this again Claire, It's not gonna be on my watch.
Are <u>you</u> all right Ethan.  What's wrong with you?
Sleeping's better.
Talking's good, walking's better.
I'm walking.
Walk, just walk.  Start walking.
I want to sleep.  Can I sleep here.
We got it.  On your feet.
Did we get it?
I don't know, Ethan. Suppose you tell me?
If you're dealing with someone who's crushed, stabbed, shot and detonated five members of his own IMF team, how devastated do you think you're going to make him by marching Ma and Uncle Donald down to the county courthouse?
Certainly Ethan.
Can I ask you something, Kittridge?
It's Hunt.  What do you need for a pinpoint?  Been watching a little T.V., have you?
I see you've been out visiting the folks.
Kittridge.
Kitteridge, you've never seen me very upset.
Ethan, I can understand you're very upset.
How about if we just go quietly into the bathroom and I wash your mouth out with soap - you pathetic button down bureaucratic asshole.
Since your father's death, your family's farm has been in sub-chapter S and now, suddenly, they're flush with over a hundred and twenty grand in the bank. Dad's illness was supposed to have wiped out the bank account -- dying slowly in America after all, can be a very expensive proposition Ethan.  So, why don't we go quietly out of here onto the plane...
Yes, the mole's deep inside. And -- like you said.  You survived.
This whole operation was a molehunt.
Correct the actual list is safe at Langley.  "Golitsyn" was a lightning rod, one of ours.
But the list Golitsyn stole was a decoy.
That's right.  Max, it seems, has two unique gifts -- a capacity for anonymity and for corrupting susceptible agents. This time he's gotten to someone on the inside - he's put himself in a position to buy our NOC list. An operation he referred to as "Job 314".  The job he thought Golitsyn was doing tonight.
The arms dealer.
For a little over two years now we've been spotting serious blowback in IMF operations.  We have a penetration.  The other day we decoded a message on the Internet from a Czech we know as "Max."
You're right.  Maybe this'll save some time.
Let's see if you can follow me around this room.  The drunk Russians on the embankment at 7 and 8 o'clock...The couple waltzing around me at the Embassy at 9 and 11. The waiter behind Hannah at the top of the staircase - Bowtie, 12 o'clock. The other IMF team.  You're worried about me. <u>Why</u>?
I don't quite follow you.
Of IMF agents.  At the Embassy.  Tonight.
What?
Why was there another team?
Yes.  I see your point.
Who else is left?
You seem hell bent on blaming yourself, Ethan.
You mean <u>I've</u> lost enough agents for one night.
We've lost enough agents for one night.
Yeah.  I follow you.
Passport, visas - you know the drill. We'll work the exfiltration thru Canada, debrief you at Langley.  Throw the Prague police a bone, you know toss them a few suspects.  Follow me?
Yeah.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.  I know how much Jim in particular meant to you, Ethan.  Personally as well as professionally.
One hour.
No sir.
Heard a lot about you, Hunt.  Donít disappoint me.
Youíre in Prague?
Location green.  One hour.  Iíll be there myself.
Yes.
Donít <u>think</u>, be <u>sure</u>.  Are you clean?
I donít think so.
Let's just bring you in safely, and then we'll worry about that, okay?  Were you followed?
Do you read me?  <u>The list is in the open</u>!
<u>Are you intact</u>?
They knew we were coming.  Golitsynís dead too.  The disk is gone.
Are you damaged?
My team.  Claire, Jack, even Jim - - Hannah, maybe, I -- donít know
Whoís dead?
Theyíre dead.
Go ahead.
Go secure.
This is Kittridge.
Well, Luther - if it makes you feel any better I'll always think of you that way.
Oh man...I don't know.  I'm gonna miss being disreputable.
He was a good guy for a long, long time. Just - not long enough.  Gotta catch my flight.. So.  How's it feel being a solid citizen again?
You really liked Phelps, didn't you?
Just don't know why I'd be doing it.
Why don't you come back with me?
It's all one big negotiation, isn't it?
I figured I'd let 'em reinstate my back pay, give me a promotion, check out my office at Langley and <i>then</i>, maybe, talk about it.
You didn't tell 'em at the debriefing?
Sure.  They want me back in so I won't break in!  They <i>still</i> can't figure out how we did it.
You're more than that, Luther.  They were mistaken about you and they're trying to show you they know it.  They want you back in.
Hey, I'm the flavour of the month!
Here's to  you, Luther.   To being off the disavowed list.
Well my Mother was a little confused about how the DEA could mistake her and Uncle Donald for a couple of dope smugglers in the Florida keys.
The official apology from the Justice Department, the VIP treatment, you know, the whole nine yards.
About what?
Reach your folks?  How they feeling?
I'll get you close.
It's hard to tell.  I'm gonna have to be close.
Exactly, that's your job.  Tomorrow on the train, you can't let this list get out into the open.  What's the range of this thing?
I'm not letting this list get out in the open.
Because if you knew what you were getting into, you never would have done it.
What makes you trust me?
Now I want you to hold onto it.
Krieger <u>did</u> have the NOC list.
Luther, relax, it's worse than you think. The terminal's in black vault lock-down.
I can't just hack my way inside.  There's no modem access to the mainframe, it's in a stand-alone.  I'd have to be physically at the terminal.
Luther, I guess you're all out of excuses.
And I get to keep the equipment when we're done.
Thinking Machine laptops, I'm talking about the 686 prototypes -- <u>with</u> the artificial intelligence Risk chip --
May take a little time. That's not what Claire tells me about you.
You're all kidding yourselves. Even with top of the line crypto.  Cray access. STU 3's --
You don't know what you're missing. This is the Mt. Everest of hacks.
There was never any physical evidence that I had anything to do with that.. that..  With that exceptional piece of work.
This doesn't sound like the Luther Stickell I've heard of.  What'd they used to call you?  The Net Ranger?  Phineas Phreak?  The only man alive who actually hacked NATO Ghostcom.
Profitable.
What kind?
Information.
What are we downloading?
I wouldnít worry about him.  Once youíve got the money -- heíll find you.
What about Job?
The possibility alone is worth ten million.  Baggage car, rack 3.  Silver briefcase.  Combination 314.
It doesnít, dear girl.  as long as you tell me where the money is.
Ha, dear boy!  I do hope this doesnít prelude a meeting in private.
I wouldn't dream of it.
I'm going to have to front you personally.  Don't lose that money without losing your life.
I'm not being dropped anywhere without my money.
How will you make sure I'll have the list in three days?  It's been a delight.  Now where can I drop you dear boy?
How will you make sure Job will be there?
Done.  Bring it to me in London.  I want it by the end of the week.
<u>Ten</u> million.  Ten million in negotiable U.S. Treasury certificates, in bearer form, coupons attached.  And one more thing -- your personal assurance that Job will be at the exchange.
Six million dollars.  I'll give you the same.  But I want the complete list now, not just Eastern Europe.  I won't do this piecemeal, it's too dangerous.  I want the <u>entire</u> list, the true name of every non-official cover agent throughout the world.
What was your deal with Job?
I don't have to tell you what a comfort anonymity can be in my profession -- like a warm blanket.  My deal with Job was subject to a successful boot scan.  Obviously it didn't pass muster.  Deal's off.
Thanks, Max.  Or is it Maxine?
Okay, use it.  But I suggest pack up first.
Very good.
Tell you what.  How good's the RF scanner you used in the car?
Mm - Hmmm...
Okay, boot it up and in anywhere from thirty seconds to ten minutes you're gonna have Virginia farm boys hopping around you like jackrabbits.
It's easy to say the disk is worthless when you say I can't look at the information and <u>see</u> if it's worthless. Not a tenable position, sir.
Because I can deliver the actual NOC list.  The one you have is not only worthless, it's certain to be equipped with a homing device to pinpoint your exact location.
Why should I?
Even so, I'm sure you could arrange an introduction.
I don't know Job any more than he knows me.
That's the question I want to ask Job.
Why, may I ask?
I'm NOC.  Was.  <u>Now</u> disavowed.
Ah, but, we're asking about you.
Like Job?
And how might you know that?  Are you another Company man?
The disk Job sold you is worthless.  It's bait, part of an internal molehunt.
It's quite out of the question.
Whether you like a paradox.  I want a hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
On what?
That depends.
The penny drops.  <u>You</u> are <u>not</u> Job.  Yes, Job is not given to quoting Scripture in his communications. And there was its tone -- aggressive but playful.  Job is not playful.  So you're something of a paradox.
Why not?  You gave Job a hundred and twenty five thousand.
Really?  And you thought if you simply showed up I might give it to you?
I need one hundred thousand dollars.
Who are you and what are you doing here?
Let's move!
Wait!  Hold it - it's on. Let's go.
Do you <u>want</u> to blow the fire through the whole building?
Nobody goes into any sector where the alarm didn't go off.
I gotta go in there and shut it down!
Uh -- twenty-one, but there's no alarm in sector twenty-one.
What sector's the air conditioning?
What's the matter, you don't know this trick?
That's not it.  That's not the list.
My contact is extremely shy.
You're not going to any meeting without me.
We're not outta here yet.
Merci.
Time up.
We'll see.
Zero body count.
In Langley.
Where exactly is it?
IMF mainframe.
Bank?
Simple game.  Four players.  Exfil opens the pocket --  -- cyber ops lifts the wallet.
Stairway, youíre wrapped, go to transport.
Roger that.  Opening doors now.
In position.  Jack open the door, let the package roll.
Give me a break, Pops.
He's got it.  Saved your ass again Jack.
I didn't touch it.
Jack.  Jack.
Just don't chew it.
Give me the God damn gum.
Always.
Sorry, am I interrupting?
Just waiting for you, tubs.
IS THERE ANY PARTICULAR REASON WE'RE NOT OUT OF HERE YET?!
Jack.
Claire.
No, weíre going to recover the disk, understand?!  Now move!
Jim gave an abort, we should walk away.
Sarah eye on the package.  Jim, Iím coming to you.
Jim we canít.
Ethan.  Heís out of pocket.
Jim.  Jim.  Heís in the open.
The package is in the open.
What about my coat?  I'll freeze.
OK.  Taking Golitsyn's exit.  Jack, open the doors.
Right, right.  Good.
Higher.
Higher.  Higher.
I'd say you've got about two minutes.
Forty-four.  Forty-five.
Very well.
I'm willing to take the chance.
If Max doesn't like what you have to say, you'll be wearing that shroud indefinitely.
I don't communicate very well through a shroud.
Allowing Max to see you and hear what you've got to say.
Then what am I doing here?
You misunderstood.  No one sees Max.
I thought I was going to see Max.
You wish to meet Max?  This is the price of admission.
Why?
Would you remove your hat please?
Ethan - Iíve always taught you, nothing can be more dangerous than the truth.  It can kill you.
Jim, itís over.
Youíre wrong about one thing.  Iím not the only one whoís seen you alive.
Sorry Ethan.  Times up.  Say goodbye.
Donít flatter yourself - six was for <u>Eastern Europe</u>.  You made a lousy deal - ten for the world?  What is that?  But I needed you for the transfer with Max.  I got a little extra change;  and you got a little extra too.
Arenít you going to thank me Jim.  Ten million is better than six.
Keep counting Claire.
Tell me something Claire, that night in Prague, was it you or Jim that blew up the car and scattered Hannah all over town?
But, he didnít know about you.  In all fairness, Ethan, Claire was never convinced her charms would work with you. But I was supremely confident - having tastes the goods.  "Thou shall not covet thy Neighbourís wife", Ethan.  Oh, Ethan is in love with you, Claire, make no mistake about it.  And like all the worldís lovers, heís tortured by the same, one pathetic question - "does she feel the same way I do?"
I knew about Jim.
They stamped it, didnít they?  Those damn Gideons.
Before London.  But after you took the Bible out of the Drake Hotel in Chicago.
Good luck.
And get a doctor.
You got it.
Once we leave the safehouse, get in there and crash.  Iíll call you from Paris.
I usually am.
Youíre probably right.
- no.  She canít know about me.  No one can.  Not til this is over.  Thereís too much at stake, Ethan.
I was sitting in a cafe waiting for you and suddenly there she was, standing in the rain just outside the safe house..alive and beautiful..and thinking Iím dead and gone.  God knows what sheís had to do forget about me to keep going and get the job done, I..
Jim...?
If I supposedly deliver the NOC list to Max, Max has agreed to deliver Job to me. Iíll have Claire and Luther Stickell with me on the train.  Marcel Krieger will have helicopter transport waiting in Paris.
Tight security.  No guns.  Real plus.
A meeting tomorrow on the TGV, enroute to Paris.
Jesus, Ethan.  Good for you.
What he didnít get in Prague.  The NOC list.
Whatís going to make him do that?
We donít have to, Jim.  Heíll come after us.
..when you think about it, Ethan, it was inevitable..no more Cold War.  No more secrets you keep from everyone but yourself, operations you answer to no one but yourself.  Then one morning you wake up and find out the President of the United States is running the country - <i>without your permission</i>.  The son-of-a- bitch!  How <i>dare</i> he?  You realize itís over, youíre an obsolete piece of hardware not worth upgrading, youíve got a lousy marriage and sixty-two grand a year.  Kittridge, weíll go after that no good son-of-a-bitch, big time!
How did Kittridge do it?..
Yeah.
Kitteridge.  Oh my god!  Kittridge is the mole?
I can sit up straight.  I just can't..sit up straight very well.  It's not important!  I saw who shot me.  Ethan, I saw the mole.  It was Kittridge.  <i>Kittridge!</i>
Jim, who do you think you're kidding?  A doctor's gotta look at that.  You can't sit up straight.
I remember..
Hey, I showed 'em to you!
You knew I liked the rentals at Liverpool Street.
- so I watched Europe. Once you showed up in England..it was easy.
Yeah, smaller countries don't computerize customs records -
- but you left before I could get there and I could check just so many places..
- and picked us up in the States -
..the next day I managed to drag myself to the safe house, must've just missed you..anyway, I checked our aliases.
Theyíre covering this frequency, Ethan. Cut all radio communications.  Repeat. Cut all radio communications.
About two hundred yards from the bridge.
Where are you?
<u>Negative</u>, Golitsynís on the move.
Abort.  Thatís an order.
No.  Abort.
Can you lose him?
Iíve got a shadow.
We were forced to tie him to my best stallion and drag him around the barn a few times.
Jack's pinned down Sarah.  Should be a second.  Keep dancing.
If you were me, Ethan, who would <u>you</u> trust to make him believable?
Sure.  If the main character does.
No, not in a hurry.  What do you think? You think the plot'll work?
He won't be back in a hurry?
Not this week. This week he's flyfishing at the Oughterard Slough in County Kildare, with one of our best Irish guides.
Isn't he chairing the Armed Services hearing?
He's our guy.
You're going to use Walter?
Wonderful.  Ran into a convention of auto dealers at the Drake Hotel.  You hear the one about the astronaut who comes back from the first manned flight to Mars after two years?  His wife's got a year old kid.  So he says "All right.  Who was it?  My friend Harry?"  She says no. "Oh, it was my friend Sammy."  She says it wasn't Sammy.  "Oh, I suppose it was my friend Lou."  "No, what's the matter, don't you think I have any friends of my own?!"
How was Chicago?
Because I can't afford it. And because you'd burn up before you'd burn out.
Why not?
Ethan, you <u>can't</u> burn out.
I guess.
Ah, God, forget it.  What are we talking burnout here?
What problem?
When you started noticing your short term memory loss.  What <u>the problem was</u> you and Claire had in Kiev?
Tell you what?
I don't know, I had to go to Chicago again.  You were in Kiev.  You tell me.
Oh?  What's the problem?
What the hell's made you decide to take your leave at the worst possible time? Claire's in a weird mood too.
I thought I'd take some now.
A hundred and sixty-seven, I think it is. Take it all, if you want.  <u>After</u> this one.
Yeah, well, Jim, fact is I've got more than ninety days leave coming.
And a lonely ass.
Such a nice ass.
I think I might just take that look.
Too wicked to have a drink later?
Jack you're so wicked.
That's what we do isn't it?
Jack...that's spying.
Why don't you take a look?
I don't know.
What's going on?
Loud and clear.
No, in your...ear piece. You have a lovely smile . Can you hear me now?
Of course I can hear you.
Look to your right, then back to me. There's a camera built right into the bridge.  Whatever you see it sees and transmits it back here.  Can you hear me?
Phew!  Weíve got five minutes...
Itís working.
Run it through from the top.
I always check the batteries.
Is something wrong with the phone?  Well is something wrong with the batteries?
Itís not working.
Try it again.
Connection denied.
Whatís the problem.
This wasnít what we discussed.
Yes...  Itís him.
Twenty minutes.
How long until we reach the Chunnel?
Doesn't mean it's a signal.  Could just be the hard drive heating up.
Thirty-two and change.
That's not so good for you, my friend.
Twenty-six, twenty-seven.  So far so good.
I know, I am so sorry for so many things. I love you, Moira. I love you. I love you.
Then, I suppose the time has come say it's been nice Dwight Lionel. It's been everything. Oh, Dwight, I'm frightened.
Just across the bay, at the fuel depot. The men wanted to try to get home. I can't explain.
The Shawfish?
No, I'm going.
Oh, you're not going. You're staying.
I forgot to wave. We'll have it at the wedding.
I forgot to bring the champagne, Mr. Johnny.
Very good.
No, I want to see the dessert cart.
And I'll have the special fish.
Uh-huh
We will both have the Salad Ticino.
Very good, Mr. Johnny.
Hello, Bobo. How are you tonight?
Are you ready?
Your life is not built on nothing. Ti amo.
A man... under stands one day... that his life is built on nothing. And that's a bad, crazy day.
And go to confession.
Okay.
I want you to stop seeing her.
Yes.
Have I been a good wife?
His brother.
Cosmo, this is Ronny, Johnny's brother.
I'm going to bed now.
You're welcome.
Thank you, Rose.
I just want you to know. No matter what you do. You are going to die, just like everybody else.
What?
Cosmo?
I don't know, Rose. I don't know where I've been, and I don't know where I'm going.  You should have your eyes opened for you, my friend.
Where you been?
Why you drinking so much?
Rita. Pass the wine.
Well, what do you wanna talk about!
I don't wanna talk about it.
He didn't used to be cheap. He thinks if he holds on to his money, he will never die.
I won't pay for nothing.
You're rich as Roosevelt. You're just cheap, Cosmo.
I have no money!
You're not gonna marry him, Cosmo. Do you love him, Loretta?
I don't like him.
Again? Johnny Cammareri.
Nobody. Loretta is getting married.
Who's dead?
No. You were there.
You were altogether asleep. You were dreaming.
I never seen anybody so in love like Cosmo back then! He'd stand outside the house all day and look in the windows. I never told you this cause it's not really a story. But one time I woke up in the middle of the night cause this bright light was in my face. Like a flashlight. I couldn't think a what it was. I looked out the window, and it was the moon! Big as a house! I never seen the moon so big before or since. I was almost scared, like it was gonna crush the house. And I looked down, and standing there in the street was Cosmo, looking up at the windows. This is the funny part. I got mad at you, Cosmo! I thought you brought this big moon over to my house cause you were so in love and woke me up with it. I was half asleep I guess and didn't know no better.
Rose, pass the wine.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Johnny Cammareri. I think it's great and about time. What's she gonna do with the rest of her life she don't get married?
I don't wanna talk about it.
And that's how much I'm saying.
You haven't said anything.
I know you don't. That's the point. I'll say no more.
I don't know what you mean.
You do, huh? Stick around. Don't go on any long trips.
I have my eyes open.
Hello, Mr. Castorini.
Hi.  Hi.
I don't know whether I saw you or not.
Alright. I didn't see you here.
You're my father.
You're my daughter. I won't have you acting like a tramp!
You're married.
Who is this man? You're engaged!
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
I got it done.
What'd you do to your hair?
Mona?
Let's go tell your Mother.
So you'll come to the wedding, right?
Everything is temporary. That don't excuse nothing.
It's temporary.
It looks stupid. It's a pinky ring. It's a man's ring.
Here.
That don't sound like Johnny. Where's the ring?
Yeah.
He did?
I didn't have no wedding cake, no reception or nothing. Johnny got down on his knees and proposed to me at The Grand Ticino.
Maybe.
And maybe that's why I had the Bad Luck. Maybe if you gave me away, and I got married in a church, in a wedding dress, instead of at the City Hall with strangers standing outside the door, maybe then I wouldn't had the Bad Luck I had.
I didn't give you away the first time.
You've got to come. You've got to give me away.
I won't come.
In a month.
More Bad Luck! I don't like his face, Loretta. I don't like his lips. When he smiles I can't see his teeth. When will you do it?
He's flying to Sicily. His mother's dying.
Him? He's a big baby. Why isn't he here with you telling me?
Johnny Cammareri.
No! Bad luck! Your Ma and I been married fifty-two years an nobody died. You were married, what, two years, and somebody is dead. Don't get married again, Loretta. It don't work out for you. Who's the man?
He got hit by a bus.
What killed him?
The guy died.
You did this once it didn't work out.
Yeah.
Again?
I'm getting married.
What's your news?
You look tired.
Ti amo.
Here.  Ti amo. 
Pop, I got news.
I can't sleep anymore. It's too much like death.
You're not sleepy?
Bed.
Where's Ma?
I'm wearing your bracelet.
I don't know. I got a feeling.
Why you looking around so much?
I like your dress.  It's very bright.
You haven't once said you like my dress.
They are little stars and birds. Birds fly to the stars, I guess.
Oh, Cosmo!
I brought you something.
You have such a head for knowing. You know everything.
The man understood me. The woman wanted to be cheap, but the man saw that I was right.
And what did they say?
And then there is copper, which is the only pipe I use. It costs money. But it costs money because it saves money.
Hurry up, hurry up. We open in five minutes.
Yes!
I don't know what to advise my son. I think he should pay for the wedding, but it is important that he don't look ridiculous.
We're supposed to do fifty apples. We only got twelve done.
Hurry up.
At dinner, my daughter-in-law threatened to kill me. Things are very bad in my house.
You think so, huh, Stupid? Those dogs love each other.
I won't have to shoot those dogs. They will kill each other.
You have too many dogs.
What do you want me to do? Pick up after five dogs? I'm eighty-three years old. God in his heaven understands that I cannot pick up after five dogs.
Good morning, Lucy.
It's wrong to just let them go.
Before all these people, yes, I will marry you, Ronny Cammareri!
Will you marry me, Loretta Castorini Clark?
Will you marry me.
What!
Loretta?
I'm talking about a promise. You proposed to me!
Loretta, what are you talking about?
What the hell are you talking about? We're engaged.
No, I'll tell him.  What am I going to tell him?
No, I'll tell him.
Ronny, please...
No. I'm gonna wait.
You've gotta get outta here.
Good! We can get this out on the table.  I'm Ronny, Johnny's brother. 
He's coming.
Is Johnny here?
Ronny!
Come upstairs. I don't care why you come. No, that's not what I mean. Loretta, I love you. Not like they told you love is and I didn't know this either. But love don't make things nice, it ruins everything, it breaks your heart, it makes things a mess. We're not here to make things perfect. Snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. We are here to ruin ourselves and break our hearts and love the wrong people and die! The storybooks are bullshit. Come upstairs with me, baby! Don't try to live your life out to somebody else's idea of sweet happiness. Don't try to live on milk and cookies when what you want is meat! Red meat just like me! It's wolves run with wolves and nothing else! You're a wolf just like me! Come upstairs with me and get in my bed! Come on! Come on! Come on!
I'm freezing to death.
No.
Let me go home.
No.
Let me go home.
I don't know. Everything seems like nothing now against that I want you in my bed. I don't care if I burn in hell. I don't care if you burn in hell. The Past and Future is a joke to me now. I see that they're nothing, I see they ain't here. The only thing that's here is you. And me. I want you to come upstairs. Now. I tried to take everything last night, like you told me, but I couldn't. I couldn't take everything in a hundred years. It's the way we are. We compound each other.
Why not?
And you're not now?
I was.
I'm afraid of who I am.
Why?
I'm really afraid.
Yeah.
I went with you.  Now I'm gonna marry Johnny and you're gonna leave me alone.  Right?  A person can see where they've messed up in their life, and they can change how they do things, and they can change their Luck. Maybe my nature does draw me to you, but I don't haveta go with that. I can take hold of myself and say yes to some things and no to something that's just gonna ruin everything! I can do that. Otherwise, what is this stupid life that God gave us for what?  Ronny? Are you listening to me?
The deal was if I came to the Opera with you you'd leave me alone forever.
Yeah.
This is where we're going!
That's right.
This is your place.
We're here.
You're late!
I'm here!
He didn't come!
And what do you know? You tell me my life? I'll tell you yours. I'm a wolf? You run to the wolf in me, that don't make you no lamb! You're gonna marry my brother? Why you wanna sell your life short? Playing it safe is just about the most dangerous thing a woman like you could do. You waited for the right man the first time, why didn't you wait for the right man again?
I know what I know.
Of what? Only God can point the finger, Loretta.
You are guilty. I'm guilty.
You're making me feel guilty again.
How can you ask me that?
What's the matter?
Yeah. It smells like snow.
It's really cold.
I wanna go home.
What do you want to do now?
I think that's it.
No thanks.
I couldn't believe it! I didn't think she was going to die. I knew she was sick...
Yeah.
Beautiful. Sad. She died!
Awful?
That was just so... awful!
I like parts of it, but I don't really get it.
It's the best thing there is.
They get some turnout for this stuff.
Come on.
So. Where are we sitting?
I don't know. For your hair. For your beautiful dress. For... you know, I feel like a man again. You know I love the Opera. You know it's been a long time since I've been to the Opera.
For what?
Thank you!
He was having some fun. Yeah, well he's dead.  Come on, let's go in.
Kinda gaudy.
Marc Chagall. A Russian.
Who painted that?
Thank you.
I thought I'd try it.  You look good.
You look beautiful. Your hair...
Hi.
Hi.
Alright. Where's the Met?
Alright. Meet me at the Met.
Alright.
I love two things. I love you, and I love the Opera. If I can have the two things that I love together for one night, I will be satisfied to give up the rest of my life.
What are you talking about?
That you come with me tonight. Once. To the Opera.
What?
Alright. I will not come. Provided one thing.
But that's cause he don't know!
But he wants me to come!
I'm telling you you can't.
I'll come to the wedding.
Alright. Then I must never see you again. The bad blood will have to stay there between you and Johnny for all time. You won't come to the wedding.
I can't!
Snap out of it!
I'm in love with you!
Why not?
I can't do that!
Last night never happened, you hear me? I'm gonna marry him anyway and last night never happened, and you and I are gonna take this to our coffins!
What?
Oh yes, oh yes you did! You've got those bad eyes like a gypsy! Why didn't I see it yesterday! Bad Luck! Is that all I'm ever gonna have? Why didn't I just pick up a stone and kill myself years and years ago? I'm gonna marry him!
Oh no I didn't!
That's impossible! It was ruint when I got here! You ruint my life!
You ruined my life.
What did I do?
What did you do?
You don't get along with anybody!
She didn't like me.
You're invited to the wedding! It's in a few weeks. Why didn't you do like him and be with your dying mother in Palermo?
All right, I'm guilty. I confess!
I'm marrying your brother!
You're trying to make me feel guilty.
I thought if I stayed away from the City Hall, I won't have that Bad Luck I had again.
Don't just become excited.
This time I was trying to do everything right.
Take it easy.
What? What have we done?
What?
Oh my God.
It makes you look like an angel.
I've never seen a moon like that.
It's so bright.
I don't know. I think it's the moon.
That light.
What?
Alright. Alright. There will be nothing left.
You're mad at him, take it out on me, take your revenge on me! Take everything, leave nothing for him to marry! Hollow me out so there's nothing left but the skin over my bones. Suck me dry!
What about Johnny?
Get all of me. Take everything.
I've got you.
I want to cut you open and crawl inside of you. I want you to swallow me.
Loretta.
All my life I have never reached a man. I knew that I would reach my husband, but I took my time and he was dead. Ronny.
Your blood.
I was dead, too.
I was dead.
Me neither.
I can't believe what is happening.
Oh. Oh God. I don't care about anything. I don't care about anything! Take me to the bed.
To the bed.
Where are you taking me?
Son of a bitch!
A wolf without a foot!
A bride without a head!
I am looking where I should to become a bride!
He made me look the wrong way and I cut off my hand. He could make you look the wrong way and you could cut off your whole head!
Because I have no Luck!
Why are you marrying Johnny? He's a fool!
No!
Stop it!
I'm telling you your life!
What are you doing!
The big part of you has no words and it's-a wolf. This woman was a trap for you. She caught you and you could not get away.  So you chewed off your foot! That was the price you had to pay to be free.  Johnny had nothing to do with it. You did what you had to do, between you and you, and I know I'm right, I don't care what you say. And now you're afraid because you found out the big part of you is a wolf that has the courage to bite off its own hand to save itself from the trap of the wrong love. That's why there has been no woman since that wrong woman. You are scared to death what the wolf will do if you make that mistake again!
I'm a wolf?
I was raised that a girl gets married young. I didn't get married until I was twenty-eight. I met a man. I loved him. I married him. He wanted to have a baby right away. I said no. Then he got hit by a bus. No man. No baby. No nothing! I did not know that man was a gift I could not keep. I didn't know... You tell me a story and you think you know what it means, but I see what the true story is, and you can't.  She didn't leave you! You can't see what you are. I can see everything. You are a wolf!
You don't know nothing about it.
You really are stupid, you know that.
Yes.
You think so?
She was right to leave me.
You got any whiskey? How 'bout giving me a glass of whiskey?
Why you talking to me?
What? Do you think you're the only one ever shed a tear?
I don't care about Luck, you understand me? It ain't that.
No. Unlucky. I have not been lucky.
Stupid yourself.
Just Johnny.
How many men since then?
Seven years ago.
When your husband get hit by the bus?
Stupid.
No.
So. Five years ago your hand got cut off and your woman left you for another man. No woman since then?
I don't know.
Why what?
Why?
Yesterday.
When you get engaged?
Instantaneous.
Fast.
Bus hit him.
How'd he die?
He knew my husband who died.
Where'd Johnny find you?
Loretta.
This is good. Uhh...
You'll eat this bloody to feed your blood.
I like it well done.
I know that. I do what I want.
You don't have to help me.
I'm making you a steak.
Loretta. What's that smell?
I don't care! I ain't no freakin monument to justice! I lost my hand, I lost my bride! Johnny has his hand, Johnny has his bride! You come in here and you want me to put away my heartbreak and forget?
But that wasn't Johnny's fault.
That's it.
That's the bad blood between you and Johnny?
It's wood. It's fake. Five years ago I was engaged to be married. Johnny came in here, he ordered bread from me. I put it in the slicer and I talked with him and my hand got caught cause I wasn't paying attention. The slicer chewed off my hand. It's funny 'cause - when my fiancé saw that I was maimed, she left me for another man.
No, I want you to see this! I want you to watch me kill myself so you can tell my brother on his wedding day! Chrissy, gimme the big knife!
Maybe I should come back another time.
Gimme the big knife! I'm gonna cut my throat!
I don't understand.
I have no life. My brother Johnny took my life from me.
Excuse me.
I have no life.
Yes. Do you want...
You are going to marry my brother?
I'm going to marry him.
Why?
Yes.
Have you come from my brother?
Let me come and talk to you.
What's wrong can never be made right. 
He's in Palermo.
Why didn't he call himself?
I'm calling for your brother Johnny. He's getting married and he wants you to come.
Yeah, this is Ronny.
Johnny.
It's Johnny Cammareri.
You? No.
Is there anything you want to tell us, honey?
Hi.
Hi Loretta.
Yeah, I'll be in.
Bye, bye, honey. See you tomorrow?
Bye, Aunt Rita.
I got a lot on my mind, Aunt Rita.
What's the matter? You look crazy.
Right.
Sure you do. You got all that wedding stuff.
I got things to do.
Where's the ring?
What?
In time, you will drop dead, and I will come to your funeral in a red dress.
In time, you will see that this is the best thing.
I must ask for that back.
And you're a big liar! I've got your ring here!
If I marry you my mother will die.
WHAT?
Loretta, I can't marry you.
I have no secrets from my family.
I have something to tell you. But I must talk to you alone.
Johnny, I have something to tell you.
Well. I told my mother that we were to be married. And she got well. Right away.
I can't. I need my family around me now.
We should talk alone.
I don't know. But Johnny, how did your mother recover? She was dying.
Not yet. I'm waiting till a moment when she's peaceful.
Have you told her we're getting married?
The waitresses were very nice.  My mother is slipping away.
How was your plane ride?
Ssh, it's me. I'm calling from the deathbed of my mother.
Sure.
We haven't spoken in five years. There was some bad blood. I want you to call him and invite him to the wedding. Will you do it?
You have a brother?
He's my younger brother.
Who is he?
There's one thing about this wedding I want you to do. Call this number. It's a business number. Ask for Ronny. Invite him to the wedding.
You've made me very happy, Johnny.
I'll call you when I get to Mama's house.
I'll take care of it, Johnny. I'll take care of the whole thing. All you have to do is show up.
Yeah.
A month from today?
Alright. A month. In a month.
Where? At the City Hall? No! I want the whole wedding or we will have Bad Luck. For a whole wedding to be planned, a date must be set.
Must it be so definite? Can't we just say that we will be married when I get back?
How about a month from today?
Then let's set the date.
A week. Two weeks. No more.
How near is she to death?
My mother is dying. When she is dead, I'll come back and we'll be married.
What about the wedding?
So we'll pick up the car, we'll make the plane in plenty of time.
Seven-thirty.
What time is it?
You propose to a woman you should offer her a ring of engagement.
I like this ring.
Alright.
I helped you buy it. It came with two pairs of pants. It's for luck, Johnny. When you propose marriage to a woman, you should kneel down.
This is a good suit.
Yes, on the floor.
On the floor?
Right from the start we didn't do it right. Could you kneel down?
I don't understand.
We got married at the City Hall and I think it gave bad luck the whole marriage.
What do you mean?
You know I was married and that my husband died. But what you don't know is I think he and I had Bad Luck.
Yes?
Are you proposing marriage to me?
Bobo, take the cart away.
Will you marry me?
What?
Will you marry me?
I shouldn't.
Have Something.
My scalp is not getting enough blood sometimes.
What's the matter?
Never is a long time.
You never have dessert.
She was too young for him.
A man who can't control his woman is funny.
Give him the manicotta, Bobo. Me, too.
Maybe you're right.
It's the oily fish tonight. Not before the plane ride.
No?
You don't want the fish.
Oh God, that's too bad.
Yeah, Ma, I love him awful.
Do you love him, Loretta?
I guess it ain't modern times in Sicily. He came right from the airport. He wanted to talk to you. You got a love bite on your neck. He's coming back this morning.
A miracle? This is modern times! There ain't supposed to be miracles any more!
It was a miracle.
WHAT!! She was dying!
She recovered.
He's with his dying mother!
No more he's not.
What? He's in Sicily!
Upstairs. Johnny Cammareri showed up last night.
Where's pop?
No. But I have a hangover.
No. Are you drunk?
Are you drunk?
Everything's different.
Your hair's different.
Well. I don't really know where to start.
What the hell happened to you?
Then you don't know. You're just imagining it. He's too old.
A wife knows.
What! How do you know?
Cosmo's cheating on me.
Thanks. What's the matter with you?
Just like your father. I lied to him. He thinks you came home last night.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Where you been?
Hi.
Not yet. That old lady makes him sweat.  Where's that card?
Did he tell her?
She's dying. But I could still hear her big mouth.
How's the mother?
No. He don't.
I'd like to stay, Ma. I love the house. But Pop don't like Johnny.
And we'll sell the house.
Johnny has a big apartment. We'll live there.
What's thirty-seven? I had Chiro after I was thirty-seven. It ain't over till it's over.
I'm thirty-seven years old.
Grandma was still alive. Chiro was still home going to school. Now he's married and gone to Florida. If you and Johnny moved in, had a baby...
I got married before, you didn't sell.
So we'll sell the house.
Pop don't like Johnny.
Why not?
No.
Will you live here?
Pop.
And who's gonna pay for that?
Oh yeah. He's a sweet man. I wanna have a big church wedding, Ma. And a reception.
Good. When you love them they drive you crazy cause they know they can. But you like him?
No.
The bank. OH MY GOD, I FORGOT TO MAKE THE DEPOSIT!
We just come from the bank.
Hi. Why ain't you at the store?
Hi, Loretta.
You gotta date?
Listen, I gotta go. I'll take the deposit to the bank but I'll do the books tomorrow. I gotta go.
Oh.
No.
Did you see it?
What about the moon?
What's the matter with him?
Hey there  ...YOU WITH THE STARS IN YOUR EYES...
Hi.
I absolve you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, Amen.
Alright.
Alright. This is your penance. Say two rosaries and... be careful, Loretta. Reflect on your life.
I know.
You should think about this.
I know.
That's a pretty big sin.
I... a... slept with my fiancé's brother.
Then it was not a sin. But what was that second thing you said, Loretta?
Twice I took the name of God in vain, once I slept with the brother of my fiancé, and once I bounced a check at the liquor store -- but that was really an accident.
What sins have you to confess?
Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. It's been two months since my last confession.
Did you see the moon last night?
I will. But I must find the right moment.
Talk to him.
Cosmo drank five glasses of wine at dinner.
Don't make yourself sick.
If I hit the stick too hard, the apple will split. If I am too timid, the apple will fall off the stick.
Don't fight.
Maybe. I don't know. He has not asked my advice. If he asks my advice, I don't know what I will say.
He owes her a wedding from the first time when there was none.
I don't know.
He should pay.
My granddaughter wants my son to pay for the wedding. But he does not want to pay.
Don't fight.
My son does not like this Johnny Cammareri. He says he is a big baby.
I have heard that Johnny Cammareri got down on his knees in The Grand Ticino and proposed to her.
Lucy. There are big things going on in my house. My granddaughter Loretta, the only daughter of my son Cosmo, has engaged herself to be married a second time.
Okay, I'll tell her.
Then tell her I'll come by in the morning. We need to talk.
No idea.
You don't know where Loretta is?
He doesn't like you. Thank you for answering my question.
No, that's really it. Thank you for answering my question.
I don't know.
That's it! That's the reason!
I don't know. Maybe because he fears death.
But why would a man need more than one woman?
Well. There's the Bible story. God took a rib from Adam and made Eve. Maybe men chase women to get the rib back. When God took the rib, he left a hole there, place where there used to be something. and the women have that. Maybe a man isn't complete as a man without a woman.
That was my father-in-law, who has a wrong idea in his head. Listen, Johnny, there's a question I want to ask you. And I want you to tell me the truth if you can. Why do men chase women?
Who was that?
Yes.
That's incredible.
The breath had almost totally left her body. She was as white as snow. And then she completely pulled back from death and stood up and put on her clothes and began to cook for everyone in the house. The mourners. And me. And herself! She ate a meal that would choke a pig!
You're kidding?
My mother's recovered.
A miracle. Well, that's news.
That's what I came to tell Loretta. There's been a miracle.
What are you doing here? You're supposed to be in Palermo.
Maybe I should go?
Yes.
It's late.
Out. I don't know where. I was waiting up for my husband.
Where is she?
So.
She's not home yet. Take off your coat and come in the living room. I'll make you a drink. I wanna talk to you.
Can you wake up Loretta? I need to talk to her.
Come on in.
I came right from the airport.
Moving in?
And you are a son who doesn't love his mother!
You're forty-two years old, Johnny, and Mama is still running your life.
Because my mother was dying! But now she's not.
It was a miracle!
I'm sure she did.
Of course I want to.
Well. Yeah. You may not want to.
Have you come to make peace with me?
Good.
Ronny! Our mother has recovered from death!
Johnny...
Loretta...
It's nothing!
Thanks, comrade.
Absolutely!
Don't mind about me. But could you do me a favor and clear her place and take away all evidence of her, and bring me a big glass of vodka?
She didn't hear me. She asked me to repeat, so she could understand what I said. But I wouldn't repeat it. Outta shyness. So I'm a bachelor.
What happened?
When I was twenty-seven years old, in Jersey City, I asked a woman to marry me. She had red hair. She smelled a jasmine. She wore black shoes with pointy white tips.
I am alone in the world.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Sure!
May I presume to ask you a question?
Definitely!
Can I get another one of these?
But absolutely!
Could you do away with her dinner, and any evidence of her, and bring me an big glass of vodka?
Yes?
Good night.
I'm freezing
Sure.
Good night. Can I kiss you on the cheek, too?
Good night.
I'm too old for me. That's my predicament.
I'm too old for you.
We could go to my apartment. You could see how the other half lives.
You're a little boy and you like to be bad.
I'm a little cold.
No. I think the house is empty. I can't invite you in because I'm married and because I know who I am. You're shaking.
People home.
No.
I guess you can't invite me in?
Yes.
Temperature's dropping.
Yes.
You knew that man?
Sure.
May I walk with you a ways?
What you don't know about women is a lot.
I teach these classes I've taught for a million years. The spontaneity went out of it for me a long time ago. I started off, I was excited about something and I wanted to share it. Now it's rote, it's the multiplication table. Except sometimes. Sometimes I'm droning along and I look up, and there's this fresh young beautiful face, and it's all new to her and I'm this great guy who's just brilliant and thinks out loud. And when that happens, when I look out among those chairs and look at a young woman's face, and see me there in her eyes, me the way I always wanted to be and maybe once was, then I ask her out on a date. It doesn't last. It can go for a few weeks or a couple of precious months, but then she catches on that I'm just a burnt out old gasbag and that she's as fresh and bright and full of promise as moonlight in a martini. And at that moment, she stands up and throws a glass of water in my face, or some action to that effect.
Maybe. Listen. You wanna know why I chase women? I find women charming.
I think it's because they fear death.
Nerves.
Why do men chase women?
Go ahead.
I'm not eating alone. Can I ask you a question?
Then why are you eating alone?
I'm a housewife.
I'll remember that. What do you do?
Don't shit where you eat.
Yes.
There's old saying my mother told me. Would you like to hear it?
Sheila? Yes she was. Is. Was.
That woman was a student of yours?
I'm a professor. I teach communications at N.Y.U.
What do you do?
Then I'd be delighted. I hate eating alone, and it's amazing how often I end up doing just that.
Are you sure?
Will you join me for dinner?
Sorry. That was rude.
None of your business.
Ouch. Too young! I just got that. You know how to hurt guy. How old are you?
She was just too young for you.
My lady friend has a personality disorder.
I'm not disturbed. By you.
I'm sorry if we disturbed you.
Well. That explains it.
He's a plumber.
I live in a one-bedroom apartment. What exactly does your husband do?
It's a house.
My God, it's a mansion!
Yes.
You mean the whole house?
That's my house.
WE NEVER SUSPECTED YOU!
We didn't know what to think. You were so weird yesterday, and then this morning, we go to the bank and no bag.
I knew she had it.
She's got it.
Oh. Right.
What are you talking about, you fool? Her fiancé's in Palermo.
You see that moon last night?
You got me.
I don't know! That moon! That crazy moon Cosmo sent over!
Raymond, Raymond, lower your voice! What's got into you?
So what? The pleasure of marriage is you sleep with the woman and then you don't worry about nothing. Hey, how about a date tonight, Rita. Let's eat pasta and roll around.
Shut up. They'll hear you in the back.
And you were a lamb. As soft as milk.
You were a tiger last night.
I feel great I got no sleep but I feel like Orlando Furioso!
You know, in this light, and with that expression on your face, you look about twenty-five years old.
I don't know.
What would he be doing down there?
Cosmo.
Is who down there?
I mean it's that moon I was talking about at dinner.  Is he down there? No.
What are you talking about, Raymond? Cosmo can't own the moon.
It's Cosmo's moon.
Oh.
Look.
What? What?
Rita. Rita.
Marriage is happy news.
Cosmo. Many years ago, when they told me you were marrying my sister, I was happy. When I told Rose I was marrying Rita, she was happy.
Bread?  No, no, no.  Apples .... gravy ... very small rocks ...
Wait.  Wait ... tell me, what also floats on water?
No, no,  It floats.   Throw her in the pond Tie weights on her.  To the pond.
Does wood sink in water?
Ah.  Yes, of course ... um ... err ...
So how can we tell if she is made of wood?
I see.  Yes, of course.
And what do you burn, apart from witches?
Burn them.
Tell me ...  what do you do with witches?
There are?  Tell up.  What are they, wise Sir Bedevere?
Quiet! Quiet!  There are ways of telling whether she is a witch.
Burn her anyway.
Did you dress her up like this?
A witch,  a witch,  burn her!
Bring her forward.
She looks like one. Yes, she does.
How do you know she is a witch?
I'm not interested.
Am I right?
Please!
Look! To maintain Velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings four hundred and ninety three times every second.   right?
Well, it doesn't matter.   Go and tell your master that Arthur from the Court of Camelot is here.
It's not a question of where he grips it,  It's a simple matter of weight - ratios ...  A five-ounce bird could not hold a a one pound coconut.
What? A swallow carrying a coconut?
Not at all.  They could be carried.
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
The swallow may fly south with the sun, or the house martin or the plover seek warmer hot lands in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.
Well, this is a temperate zone.
What do you mean?
Found them?  In Mercea.  The coconut's tropical!
Through ... We found them.
Where did you get the coconuts?
So?  We have ridden since the snows of winter covered this land, through the kingdom of Mercea.
You've got two empty halves of coconuts and you're banging them together.
...What?
You're using coconuts!
Yes!
What?  Ridden on a horse?
I am...  And this my trusty servant, Patsy. We have ridden the length and breadth of the land in search of knights who will join our court at Camelot..  I must speak with your lord and master.
Get away!
It is I, Arthur, son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot.  King of all Britons, defeator of the Saxons, sovereign of all England!
Halt!  Who goes there?
The Bridge of Death? ... which leads to the Grail?
Seek you the Bridge of Death ...
But the Grail ... where is the Grail!?
There is much danger ... for beyond the cave lies the Gorge of Eternal Peril which no man has ever crossed.
And ... the Grail ... The Grail is there?
He knows of a cave ... a cave which no man has entered.
Where does he live?  Old man ... where does he live ...
The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held Excalibur aloft from the bosom of the water to signify by Divine Providence ...  that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur ... That is why I am your king! | |                              OLD WOMAN |      Is Frank in?  He'd be able to deal with this one. | DENNIS Look,  strange women lying on their backs in ponds handing out swords ... that's no basis for a system of government.  Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Well, how did you become king, then?
You don't vote for kings.
Well, I didn't vote for you.
I am your king!
Order, eh -- who does he think he is?
What?
We don't have a lord.
Well, who is your lord?
No one live there.
Please, please good people.  I am in haste.  What knight lives in that castle?
All of us are ... we are all Britons.
Who are the Britons?
The Britons.
King of the WHO?
How d'you do, good lady ... I am Arthur, King of the Britons ... can you tell me who lives in that castle?
Dennis! There's some lovely filth down here ...  Oh! how d'you do?
No, no ... not "is"!
What, "is"?
You said it again!
How can we not say the word, if you don't tell us what it is?
I cannot tell you.  Suffice to say is one of the words the Knights of Ni! cannot hear!
What word?
Cut down a tree with a herring?  It can't be done!
Oh, please!
We shall do no such thing ... let us pass!
We are now no longer the Knights Who Say Ni!
What is that?
That is a good shrubbery.  I like the laurels particularly - But there is one small problem.
Oh, Knights of Ni, here is your shrubbery.  May we go now?
Now - go!
Yes ...
And not too expensive.
Of course.
One that looks nice.
Thanks you, Knights Who Say Ni!  You are fair and just.  We will return with a shrubbery.
You must return here with a shrubbery or else ...  you shall not pass through this wood alive!
All right!  All right! ... No more, please.  We will find you a shrubbery ...
Ni!  Ni!  Ni ... Peng ... Nee ... Wum!
A what?
We want ... a shrubbery!
All right!  What do you want?
We shall say Ni! again to you if you do not appease us.
Oh!
NI!   NI!
Oh!
NI!
Knights Who Say "Ni" ... we are but simple travellers.  We seek the Enchanter who lives beyond this wood and who ...
We are the keepers of the sacred words.  NI ... Peng ... and Neee ... Wom!
Who are they?
The same!
Come, Patsy.
All right, we'll call it a draw.
The Black Knight always triumphs. Have at you!
You're a looney.
I'm invincible!
What are you going to do. bleed on me?
Come Here.
You'll what ... ?
I'll do you for that.
I'll have your leg.
Had enough ... ?
Stop that.
What!  Just a flesh wound. 
Look!
Course I have.
You stupid bastard.  You havn't got any arms left.
Had enough?
You are indeed brave Sir knight, but the fight is mine.
What?
Come on then.
Victory is mine.  I thank thee O Lord that in thy ...
Come on you pansy!
You're a liar.
I've had worse.
Well, what's that then?
No, it isn't.
A scratch?  Your arm's off.
'Tis but a scratch.
Now stand aside worthy adversary.
So be it!
I move for no man.
I command you, as King of the Britons to stand aside.
Then you shall die.
I have no quarrel with you, brave Sir knight, but I must cross this bridge.
None shall pass.
What?
None shall pass.
I'm French.  Why do think I have this outrageous accent, you silly king.
Well, what are you then?
Of course not!  You are English pigs.
Well ... can we come up and have a look?
Oh yes.  It's very nice + +  CUT TO BATTLEMENTS. THE TAUNTER  turns to some others. + +                              MAN +      I told him we already got one. + +  They all giggle. +
Are you sure he's got one?
What?
Well, I'll ask him, but I don't think he'll be very keen. He's already got one, you see?
Please go and tell your master that we have been charged by God with a sacred quest,  and if he will give us food and shelter for this night he can join us in our quest for the Holy Grail.
This is the castle of of my master, Guy de Loimbard.
I am King Arthur and these are the Knights of the Round Table.  Whose castle is this?
'Allo.  Whoo is eet?
Hello.
Oh, just some friends!
Who are they?
Yes, my liege.  Stand by for attack!!
We shall attack at once.
It's The Legendary Black Beast of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh! | |  At that moment there is a yell and a scream OUT OF VISION.  ARTHUR turns. | |                              ARTHUR |      Who was that? | |                              HECTOR |           |      It was Sir Alf. | |                              ARTHUR |      I didn't know we had a Sir Alf. | |                              HECTOR |      He was feeding it bread. | |                              ARTHUR |           |      Well, that was a very silly thing to do.  Now the rest of you stand |      well back from the BLACK BEAST of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh! | |                              HECTOR |      Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh! | |                              ROBIN |      Look out. | |  The animation MONSTER starts lumbering towards them.  The KNIGHTS retreat |  into the darkness of the cave. | |                              GAWAIN |           |      It's only a cartoon. | |                              ARTHUR |      Sh!
What?
It's the ... oh ...  it's the ... it's on the tip of my tongue ...
What?
What does it say?
There!  Look!
Just keep me covered.
What with?
Then we'd best leave them here and carry on on foot.
They're nervous, sire.
No.  No.  No!
Ni!
That's it.  Ni!  Ni!
Ni!
|      It's not working. You're not doing it properly.  Ni!
Ni, ni, ni!
No.  Ni!  More like this. "Ni"!
Nu!
No!  Not the Knights Who Say "Ni"!
Who are you? TALL KNIGHT We are the Knights Who Say "Ni"!
Er ... We ... Launcelot, Galahad, and I ... Er ...  leap out of the rabbit and ...
Who ... Who breaks out?
Well now, Launcelot, Galahad, and I wait until nightfall and then leap out of the rabbit and take the French by surprise, not only by surprise but totally unarmed!
Now what happens?
OF course, my Liege ...
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere.  Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
And that, my lord, is how we know the Earth to be banana-shaped.
Then I dub you ... Sir Bedevere ... Knight of the Round Table!
Bedevere, my Liege.
What is your name?
My liege,  I am honored.
Good Sir knight, will you come with me to Camelot, and join our number at the Round Table?
My liege ... forgive me ...
I am Arthur, King of the Britons.
Who are you who are so wise in the ways of science?
Who did we lose?
Ha ha ha.  Ha ha ha.
Charge!
It's always the same ... if I've said it once.
Oh, shut up.
I warned you!
Je...sus Christ!
You got us all worked up.
What?
... You silly sod.
It is the rabbit.
Behind the rabbit?
There.
Where?
There he is!
What?
Too late.
Follow!
How shall we find this cave, O Tim?
... make plain the last resting place of the most Holy Grail.
Yes, I can help you with your guest.
Look, you're a busy man ...
A Grail?
A G...g...g...
What?
Quite.
That is our quest.  You know much that is hidden O Tim.
I do.  You seek the Holy Grail.
You know my name?
Greetings King Arthur.
Greetings Tim the Enchanter!
There are some who call me Tim?
By what name are you known?
I am an enchanter.
What manner of man are you that can conjure up fire without flint or tinder?
Come on, patsy.
Oh, Did you hear that!  What a give-away.
Bloody peasant! 
Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help, help, I'm being repressed!
Shut up!
Ah! NOW ... we see the violence inherent in the system.
Shut up, will you. Shut up!
I mean, if I went around saying I was an Emperor because some moistened bint had lobbed a scimitar at me, people would put me away!
Shut up!
You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you!
Be quiet!  I order you to shut up.
... but a two-thirds majority ...
Be quiet!
... must be approved at a bi-weekly meeting by a simple majority in the case of purely internal affairs.
Yes, I see.
... But all the decision of that officer ...
Yes.
I told you,  We're an anarcho-syndicalist commune,  we take it in turns to act as a sort of executive officer for the week.
Oh, very nice. King, eh!  I expect you've got a palace and fine clothes and courtiers and plenty of food.  And how d'you get that? By exploiting the workers! By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the social and economic differences in our society!  If there's EVER going to be any progress ...
Well ... I AM king.
What I object to is that you automatically treat me like an inferior ...
I've said I'm sorry about the old woman, but from the behind you looked ...
You didn't bother to find out, did you?
I didn't know you were called Dennis.
Well you could say: "Dennis"
:Well - I can't just say:  "Hey, Man!'
:I'm thirty-seven ... I'm not old.
What?
I'm thirty-seven.
Man.  I'm sorry.  Old man, What knight live in that castle over there?
Man!
Old woman!
Course it's a good idea.
Good idea, O Lord!
Right.  Arthur, King of the Britons, you're Knights of the Round Table shall have a task to make them an example in these dark times ...
Yes, Lord.
Well, don't. |      I really don't know where all this got started. It's like those miserable psalms.  they're so depressing. Now knock it of
I'm averting my eyes, Lord.
And don't apologize.  Every time I try to talk to someone it's sorry this and forgive me that and I'm not worthy and ... What are you doing now?
Sorry ...
And therefore?
If she ... weighs the same as a duck ... she's made of wood.
Exactly.  So... logically ...
Ah ... but can you not also make bridges out of stone?
Make a bridge out of her.
Why do you think she is a witch?
... Um ... Yes ... no ... a bit ... yes... she has got a wart.
And the hat.  But she is a witch.
The nose?
... Well, we did do the nose.
Well?
I feel happy... I feel happy.
You're not fooling anyone you know.  Isn't there anything you could do?
I think I'll go for a walk.
Do me a favour.
I feel fine.
You're not.   You'll be stone dead in a few minutes.
I'm getting better!
He will be soon. He's very ill.
I'm not dead!
Nothing... There's your ninepence.
Right.  Off you go.
Blue.
What is your favorite colour?
To find the Holy Grail.
What is your quest?
My name is Sir Launcelot.
What is your name?
Ask me the questions, Bridgekeeper.  I am not afraid.
Who approaches the Bridge of Death Must answer me These questions three! Ere the other side he see.
I don't know that!
What is the capital of Assyria?
To seek the Grail!
What is your quest?
My name is Sir Robin of Camelot!
What is your name?
Ask me the questions, Bridgekeeper.  I am not afraid.
Stop! Who approacheth the Bridge of Death Must answer me These questions three! Ere the other side he see!
That's easy!
He hasn't got shit all over him.
Why?
I dunno, Must be a king.
Who's that then?
That's all right.  See you on Thursday.
Thanks very much.
Thursday.
When's your next round?
I promised I'd be at the Robinson's.  They've lost nine today.
Well, can you hang around a couple of minutes.  He won't be long.
I can't.
I can't take him.
Don't be such a baby.
Yes he is.
'Ere.  He says he's not dead.
Ninepence.
Here's one!
Bring out your dead!
It just seems silly ... me lying here.
Farewell, Concorde!
Really, I feel fine, sir.
I will send help, brave friend, as soon as I have accomplished this most daring, desperate adventure in this genre.
I think I'll be all right to come with you, sir.
Good Concorde ... stay here and rest awhile.
I think I could pull through, sir.
Oh, well ... er brave Concorde!  You shall not have been fatally wounded in vain!
I'm not quite dead, sir ...
At last!   A call!  A cry of distress ...  Concorde!  Brave, Concorde ... you shall not have died in vain!
And another!
Thank you, sir, most kind ...
Well taken, Concorde!
Oh, don't worry about that ... Tell me ... doesn't Camelot own that stretch of farmland up by the mountains?
It's just that when I'm in this genre, I tend to get over-excited and start to leap around and wave my sword about ... and ...
Oh ... that's awfully nice.
Do you want to come and have a drink?
Is it?
'Mm ... very nice castle, Camelot ... very good pig country....
Camelot?  Are you from Camelot?
I can explain ...  I was in the forest ... riding north from Camelot ... when I got this note.
You even kicked the bride in the chest!  It's going to cost me a fortune!
Gosh - Is he all right?
Didn't mean to?  You put your sword right through his head!
Oh dear, I didn't really mean to...
I can understand that.
Er, Well ... the thing is ... I thought your son was a lady.
You killed eight wedding guests in all!
Well, I'm really am most awfully sorry but I ... I can explain everything ...
They cost fifty pounds each!
Yes ...  I'm very sorry ...
Did you kill all those guards?
Well ... I'll tell you ...
How?
I was saved at the last minute.
You fell out of the Tall Tower you creep!
Shut up!  You only killed the bride's father - that's all -
Hurry, brave Sir Launcelot!
Not you.
I'm ... your son ...
Who are you?
Shut your noise, you,  and get that suit on!
But, Father.
I know ... but ... I want the girl that I marry to  have ... a certain ... special ... something ...
Don't like her?   What's wrong with her?  She's beautiful ... she's rich ... she's got huge tracts of land ...
But I don't like her.
Herbert ...  We built this castle on a bloody swamp, we need all the land we can get.
Herbert.
Listen, Alice ...
I don't want land.
You're not going to do a song while I'm here!
I'd rather ... just ... sing ...
Rather what?
But I don't want any of that, I'd rather ...
Listen, lad, I built this kingdom up from nothing.  All I had when I started was swamp ...  other kings said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same ... just to show 'em. It sank into the swamp.  So I built a another one ... that sank into the swamp.  I built another one ...  That fell over and THEN sank into the swamp ....  So I built another ... and that stayed up. ... And that's what your gonna get, lad: the most powerful kingdom in this island.
But, Father, I don't really want any of that.
Father, lad.
But, Mother ...
No!  Not the curtains, lad ...  All that ...  all that you can see, stretched out over the hills and valleys ... as far as the eye can see and beyond ... that'll be your kingdom, lad.
What - the curtains?
One day, lad, all this will be yours ...
Oh, I see,  Right.
No, I want you to stay here and make sure he doesn't leave the room until I get back.
We're coming with you.
Where are you going?
Is that clear?
Oh yes, of course!  I thought you meant him!  You know it seemed a bit daft me havin' to guard him when he's a guard ...
Yes ...  make sure ...
The Prince ... ?
Make sure he doesn't leave.
What?
And make sure he doesn't leave.
Okay.  Fine.  We'll remain here until you get back.
Right.
Just you ...
No, not anyone else - just me.
Until you, or anyone else ...
No ... just keep him in here.
Oh, yes!  we'll keep him in here, obviously.  But if he had to leave and we were with him.
No ....  keep him in here ... and make sure he doesn't ...
Oh, I remember ... can he ... er ... can he leave the room with us?
Look, it's  simple.  Just stay here and make sure he doesn't leave the room.
If we ... er ... 
Yes?
Er ... if ... we ... er ...
Got it?
Leaving the room ... yes.
Leaving the room.
We don't need to do anything, apart from just stop him entering the room.
... and you'll come and get him.
No ...  You stay in the room and make sure he doesn't leave.
No.  Until I come and get him.
Not ... to leave the room ... even if you come and get him.
Make sure the Prince doesn't leave this room until I come and get him.
You must see the doctors immediately.  You must lie down.
No, It's nothing!
We are just not used to handsome knights ...  But you are wounded!
I'm afraid our life must seem very dull and quiet compared to yours.  We are but eightscore young blondes, all between sixteen and nineteen-and-a-half, cut off in this castle, with no one to protect us.  Oooh.  It is a lonely life ... bathing ... dressing ... undressing ... making exciting underwear....
Well ...
Sir Galahad!!
Well Look, I'm afraid I really ought to be ...
Mine is Zoot. Just Zoot  But come.
Er ... Sir Galahad... the Chaste.
What is your name, handsome knight?
Well, look er, I ...
The what?  But you are tired and you must rest awhile.  Midget! Crapper!
Er ... +      You are the keepers of the Holy Grail?
Yes.  It's not a very good name, is it?  But we are nice and we shall attend to your every ... every need!
The Castle Anthrax?
Ector.
Sir Gawain.
No, I'm not.
... I Bet you're gay.
No.  It's unhealthy.
Oh, let me go and have a bit of peril?
No, no, we must find the Grail.
Look, it's my duty as a knight to try and sample as much peril as I can.
It's too perilous.
Look, let me go back in there and face the peril?
You were, Sir Galahad, You were in terrible peril.
I don't think I was.
We were in the nick of time.  You were in great peril.
No, really, I can cope.  I can handle this lot easily!
Come Sir Galahad, quickly!
Look - I'm fine!
We'll cover your escape!
Well, she's got a point.
You are in great peril.
Why?
Quick!
Oh ... hello ...
Sir Galahad!
Camelot ...
Camelot ...
I'm sorry, I must go.
Back to your bed!  At once!
No, no, this cannot be.   I am sworn to chastity!
Please ... we are doctors.
There's nothing wrong with ... that.
We must examine you.
No look, really, this isn't nescess ...
They're doctors?
Well,  what seems to be the trouble?
I am, sir. I am a Knight of King Arthur.
Hurry!
Well, let's not jump to conclusions ...
He's come to rescue me, father.
I'm ... er ... Sir Launcelot, sir.
I knew that someone would come.  I knew ... somewhere out there ... there must be ...
Well ... yes ... but I hadn't realised ...
You've come to rescue me?
Well ... yes ...
You got my note!
Oh, fair one, behold your humble servant, Sir Launcelot, from the Court of Camelot.  I have come to take you ...  away ... I'm terribly sorry ...
You've said it!  Aaaaarghhh! ... We've said it ... Wwe're all saying it.
Stop saying it.  AAAArghh! ... I've said it ...
They're all saying the word ...
Stop saying the word!  The word we cannot hear!  The word ...
Stop saying the word!
Don't say that word.
Oh!
Yes!  With a herring!  With a herring!  Cut down with a herring!
When you have found the shrubbery, then you must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest ... with a herring.
A path!  A little path for the late Knights of Ni!
When you have found the shrubbery, place the shrubbery here, beside this shrubbery ... only slightly higher, so you get a two-level effect with a path through the middle.
Did I tell you?  Did you listen to me?  Oh no, no, you knew better didn't you?  No, it's just an ordinary rabbit isn't it.  The names you called me.  Well, don't say I didn't tell you.
I done it again.
Well, It's got huge ... very sharp ... it can jump a... look at the bones.
What's he do?  Nibble your bum?
Look.  I'm warning you.
|      You turd! +      Mangy scots git!
That rabbit's got a vicious streak. It's a killer!
You tit.  I soiled my armour I was so scared!
When danger reared its ugly head, He bravely turned his tail and fled Yes, Brave Sir Robin turned about And gallantly he chickened out Bravely taking to his feet He beat a very brave retreat Bravest of the brave Sir Robin Petrified of being dead Soiled his pants then brave Sir Robin Turned away and fled.
No, no, no.
Bravely ran away, away.
I didn't.
Brave Sir Robin ran away.
Shut up.  Oh, nobody really. just passing through.
He is brave Sir Robin, brave Sir Robin, who ...
Shut up.
Brave, Sir Rob ...
Er, That's ... That's enough music for a while, lads. It Looks as though like there's dirty work afoot.
She needs me, Archie.  She canna do without me, she said it to my face.  How can I stop now?
Won't you give yourself a rest, John? She's other people to look out for her.
I'm not having some prattler going through my things.
It's what the maids are for.
I can't move to tidy.
The place is a mess.
I'm all right.  I just need to rest up a wee bit.  The room ... You don't have to stay.
You should have someone look after you.
What do you take me for?
Be careful who sees it.
It's a diary.
What's this?
Get out.  Out!
She'll drop you.  When she's done with you, she'll drop you.
She means it.
Aye.
My lips may give a message better of Christmas love than e'en this letter.  To my best friend, J.B. from his best friend, V.R.  Best friend!
When are you gonna see it, John?  She doesn't give a damn about you.
You know nothing about her!
Come on, man, I'm telling you what you already know.
You watch your tongue.
Aye, she may say that to you, but the woman can say what she wants.
Oh, I'm much more than that.
And when was the last time she put herself out for you?  Look, John, whatever she says to you now, in the end you're still a servant.
I can't let her down now, Archie.
She'll get over it.
She'll be worried about me.
Don't be an idiot!  You're in no fit state to go anywhere.
I've got my duties to attend to.
You've got three broken ribs, man!
I'm getting dressed.
What are you doing?!
She'll think it's her fault for keeping me.
They said you were drunk.  Why don't you tell her the truth?
And she sent no word down?
I'm on ninety pounds a year plus seventy pounds for a pile of tartan I'd be wearing anyway.  That's as much as a Page of the Back Stairs gets and that job's only for toffs.  I'm Her Majesty's Highland Servant! Indoors and Out.  There's no stopping me now.
She'll blow hot and cold on you, John, she always does.  You want to be careful.
But I'm the only one she trusts.
She's got an army of people to get her up and out.
The woman's surrounded by fools!  She has to be packed and ready to leave by seven thirty tomorrow morning.  Knowing that lot, they'll still be dressing her at eight.
John, it's not your problem what she eats.
Aye, but will they?
So?  Someone'll send it on ahead.
One box of biscuits, one box of drop tablets, one box of pralines, sixteen chocolate sponges.  It's the same order every week, but does anybody bother to check it?  Now she has to travel all the way to Balmoral without the few luxuries she actually enjoys.
You work the system right, you could ask her yourself.  Just be thankful you're not working for Household.  The Queen never lets them out of her sight.  But wee spats like us can slip through the net, easy.
Aye?  Then she's obviously not got enough to do.
The good-looking one.
Which one of us is she flirting with?
There's love and there's behaving like you do because there's nobody to tell you not to.
I'm not sure I do, Archie.
You know what I mean.
What?
Come on, man.  There's love and there's ...
She loved him.
Three years, John.  Is that not a bit long to be grieving?
It's only grief makes her like she is.
She's hardly a full hamper herself.
If you were looking for promotion, you should have picked one of the healthier ones.
It's better than shovelling horse shit.
Prince Leopold?  Is he the one who bleeds all day?  So what does his valet do?  Wash his poultices for him?
That's pretty good for a ghillie.
Sixty.
How about yourself?
Not bad, not bad.
Seventy a year.
How much?
I think he nearly ruptured his truss.
So what did Ponsonby do when she started shouting?
Not down south you don't.
I speak as I find, Archie.
You don't tell Her Majesty how you feel.
I was just telling the woman how I feel, for God's sake.
So, there are rules.  Things you do and things you don't do.
So?
Kitchen and lower house.
Checked and locked, sir.
Louder, girl!
Checked and locked, sir.
You wouldn't happen to know what the Queen's reading for recreation, would you, Mary?
I hope to go up next year.
Have I seen you up in Balmoral, Mary?
Mary Taylor, sir.
What's your name?
Are you all right, Barney?
Yeah.
Good.  She's a good girl.  Aren't you? Yeah, she's a lovely girl.  And you know the Queen's riding tomorrow?
Yeah.
Good man.  And is she all right?
Yeah, yeah, I did.
Yeah, there's a good girl.  Have you had a look at this hoof?  She was limping badly.  I think there might be a stone in it.
It's cold out there tonight, Barney.
Mr Brown, sir --
Hey, Barney.
Quite.
I tell you, if we don't stick together on this, you could find yourself First President's Opposition.  Du Royaum Uni.
I'm flattered you think so.
I don't imagine you frequent the Republican Clubs.  But the fact that neither you nor I are members should not blind us to the significance of their existence.  The Tory Party has always been our party.
A situation?
I would talk to her myself, but she won't listen to me.  She must be persuaded, by someone she respects, to abandon this ridiculous favoritism before a situation develops.
I see.
I fear the influence he has on her. The man's word is not to be credited. He is an arriviste of the very lowest water.  She's having a bust cast of him.  In Nero Marquino marble.
Of course.
My concern is for the reputation of the Monarchy.
I take no account of gossip, Your Highness.
No doubt you've heard the rumors.
I don't think I've had that pleasure.
Have you met Mr Lyle?  He's in sugar...?
Your Royal Highness.  What a pleasure to see you here.
Mr Disraeli.  Ma'am.
Out of my way!
Well, everyone's entitled to their opinion.
The future King!
Whom you address.
Do you know who you address, sir?
I said, are you deaf as well as stupid?
What did you say?
Are you deaf as well as stupid?
Tell her the Prince of Wales wishes to speak with her urgently about matters concerning the press.
She's away to Windsor tomorrow.  Talk to her there.
Convey her a message.
She's busy.
I wish to see my mother.
I beg your pardon?  Mama...?
It's the Queen's decision.
Well, I'm sorry, but I really do think it's too much that the gentlemen of the house should be dictated to by a servant.
And that is my last word on the matter.
Mama...
Brown's responsibilities are onerous enough already.  He has far too much to do without having to stay up all night waiting for you to go to bed. The smoking-room will be closed and the lights put out at twelve o'clock.
But mama, the room was built expressly for that purpose.  It has been a smoking-room by tradition ever since father --
It is quite late enough.
Yes, but isn't midnight a little excessive?
It is a disgusting habit, Bertie.  It should be discouraged.
Surely it is for the gentlemen to decide when to stop...
I do believe they send so many boxes to taunt me. Doctor Jenner writes to them to say that my nerves are in an extremely fragile state and yet they continue to hound me with box after box after box after box after box!
If it is inconvenient to Her Majesty, then perhaps she might consider allowing the Prince of Wales to host--
... Least of all my son.  It was his irresponsibility that drove my husband to his grave.
Mother....
Cold is good--  Is that not so, Dr. Jenner?!
It's so infernally cold in here.
No dinners, Bertie.  Why are you dressed for outdoors?
I thought, a dinner for our ambassadors perhaps?
Gesture?
Back and upper corridors.
Checked and locked, sir.
You'll talk when I'm finished!
We --
What happens to John Brown is his business, but the Queen's security will never be compromised!
That's a tautology lad.  If you say the Queen arranges something, you've no need to say she's done it personally.  That's understood.
The order of seating at the Upper Servant's table is arranged personally by the Queen herself.
My own.
By whose authority?
Not now he doesn't.  This is my place.
Mr. Carter, the Head Butler, sits there.
I recommend Her Majesty uses the covered carriage with a full Horse Guard.  In the event of any disturbance I will ensure --
The Queen will be riding to St. George's on the fifth.
We are all of us subject to forces beyond our control, Mr Brown, even you.
Nobody has any rights over me.
In as much as the article is about yourself, I think you must now accept that the public has a right to its interest in you.
This is a slur on her good name.
I don't doubt that the Queen was highly amused.  She has always had a very healthy sense of humor.
Don't think I can't persuade her.
I believe that decision rests with Her Majesty.
If I find out that you had anything to do with this, I will have you sacked.
It can wait.  Anything else?
There are important papers from --
That can wait till the weekend.
She'll need to sign dispatches before she retires.
She'll be away on Friday between eight o'clock and six in the evening to visit the Grants in Glasalt.  If she's to make the journey there and back in the day she's to have no distractions the night before.  She'll take a light supper alone in her private drawing room and retire early.
Yes, it most certainly is!
Is that the Queen's request?
Go inside at once.
Well, you tell Her Majesty from me, if her husband was here now, he'd have had her out of that house and getting some air in her.  What the hell's the point in me being here otherwise?!
I thought I made myself perfectly clear.  You do not leave your room until Her Majesty requests it.
I beg your pardon?
No.
You will await your orders like everyone else.  Unless you prefer a repeat of yesterday's little excitement.
I didn't come all this way to sit on my arse.
You do not report for duty unless the Queen requests it.  You know that very well.
Awaiting my orders.
Yes.  I do.
Do you?
In matters concerning the Household, I act on her behalf.
I came down at the Queen's request. I'll take my orders from her.
There is to be no communication with other members of the household on matters concerning the court except through myself or one of the Equerries.  No plans must be altered unless you are given prior authority by myself or a senior member of the household.
Aye, do.
Then we'll have to see what can be arranged.
That's not good enough.
I'm sure it won't be difficult to find you.
I need a man who knows where I am.
Her Highness' Equerry.
Who'll bring it to me?
You'll be sent a message.
How will I know what she requires?
I'm sorry?
How will I know?
Her Majesty's routine at Osborne House is not as you will remember it.  The Household remains in full mourning and no-one is permitted to raise their voice under any circumstances whatsoever.  As for the Queen's routine, she breakfasts at nine thirty, lunches at two,takes tea at five thirty and dinner at eight forty five.  No one is allowed to leave the building while the Queen is at home. On the rare occasions when she is out, you may ask permission to leave, but only with my consent. You're to be ready to walk the pony at any time after ten o'clock.  You'll clean her outdoor things and do any odd jobs as and when she requires.
But others will know that you acted for the greater good.
She'll think I betrayed her.
In time, she will.
She'll never understand it.
For once in my life, I am not the issue.
I promised to protect her from people like you.
No love.
No loyalty.
The greasy pole.
Too busy looking after themselves.
They aren't as watchful as you.
The threat.  I tell them, but they don't see it.
See what?
They don't see it.
She trusts you, John.
Her mind is set.  She won't change now.
The truth is, the Queen would be safer doing her duty and returning south to her public.  John Bull loves her and John Bull is her best defense.
So...?
Ah, but therein lies the paradox.  It is her very isolation that encourages the malcontents.  The longer she is away, the stronger they become; and who, honestly, can promise security against that?  However many doors you lock, someone will always get in. Even here.
Why do you think I keep her here?
You will not be unaware of the threat now posed by Republicanism.
No other aspiration?
I said.  I serve the Queen.
But yourself?  What about John Brown?
Aye.
For Her Majesty.
I do what I do.
To have achieved one's ambition, or to have reconciled oneself to its limits, is a lifetime's work.
Why?
Then I envy yo.
Maybe, once.
Was there never ambition?
What I do, I do for my Queen.
Surely --
I wouldn't know.
The look on their faces when one walks into the room.  Still gives one a ridiculous thrill.
This is the top.
Oh.
I'm not married.
Still, someone must attend you.  Your wife should not have let you out.
It's nothing.
You're injured.
I'm fine.
Forgive me, I've called you out and you should have been resting.
I don't think about it.
Princes and Lords are but the breath of kings, An honest man's the noblest work of God.  You must miss such magnificent views.
I've been called back to London.  My last day.  I thought I might take a walk on Lochnagar.
You sent for me.
Quite.
Always remember, you keep it tight to your shoulder, you absorb the kick. Aim for the head.  Then imagine it's Gladstone.
If you hunt, you kill.
To shoot perhaps, but not to kill.
Dare say you can be taught.
Occasionally.
Do you hunt?
I am a blank sheet.
What do you know about the Highlands?
A man can refuse only so many invitations from his Queen.  It was remiss of me not to come earlier.
What brings you here?
Yes.  Yes it was.
Someone has to look after you.  It could've been someone.  It was before.
You should never have gone out in such foul weather.
Because I have to! 
Then why send me back to them?!
-- When I took you out riding, come rain or shine, because I knew it was right for you, when I kept the bairns off your back so you could have a bit of peace, when I saw you safe from home to home and you didn't even know I was there...!  All I've ever thought about is you!
I will not hear any more about my safety!!  You made me a promise and now you have broken it!
For god's sake, woman, I'm just trying to keep you safe!
You are forcing me to do the very thing you know I fear most!
I'm breaking no promises!
-- You stand there and tell me it is my duty ... after all you promised me!
Have I ever let you down before--?
I cannot believe you are saying this? You, who I have relied on all this time --
If duty and safety are served by the same end then, aye, I do.
Duty?!  You talk about duty?!
The Queen forbids it.  I cannot allow it because I cannot live without you.  Without you, I cannot find the strength to be who I must be.  Please.
I had foreseen that you would not. But Your Majesty should understand -- that my mind will not be changed in this.  I leave for Deeside --
I do not accept.
Having considered my position here at court, I have come to the conclusion that it is in the best interest of Your Majesty that I should resign.
Yes?
Ma'am?
Yes, ma'am.
Has someone seen to those bruises?
Yes, ma'am.
I was told you were in a fight.
Yes, ma'am?
John?
I'll decide when it's exaggerated.
The threat from the Irish is greatly exaggerated, I'm sure.
Aye.  But there are Fenians reported on the mainland.
Am I not safe enough with you, John?
Dear me, you'll be telling me to watch what I eat next.
I ordered it.  It's for your own safety.
Must they always follow us?
I heard something.
What is it, John?  John?
Aye.
To keep out the cold.
We took a nip of whiskey.
Ah, well...
I hope they didn't go to any trouble, John.
They're ready now.
What Mr Ponsonby was appreciating was their literary merit, a skill not intimately associated with the knowledge of grooming.  Literary appreciation does not begin and end with Tennyson.
Aye, well, if all you want is a good opinion then he'd be sure to oblige you.
Of course I shall say what I have to say.  I always do.
Just say what you have to say, woman. What other people think shouldn't matter to you.
I do not do it for others.  But Ponsonby thinks they are good.
I don't groom a horse to have it admired by others, I groom it because it needs grooming.
His remarks were directed at the quality of the writing, not its subject.
That doesn't make him an expert.
He has been attending at Balmoral for many years.
What does he know about the Highlands?
Sir Henry Ponsonby tells me they are charming.
Who by?
I am told so.
Are they worth reading?
I am thinking of publishing my "Highland Journals."
Craobhan-geanmchno...  How can I possibly say that with a straight face?!
Craobhan-geanmchno-fhiadhaich.
Those, over there, there.
What?
What are those?
Yes.
Aye, ma'am.
It is a fine spot for a bench, is it not?
Sir Henry is not alone.  They all wish it.  The same people who refused to grant my husband the title of King because he was deemed of insufficient rank--
If Prince Albert were here today, he'd tell him a thing or two.
He thought so, yes.
It's a fine spot, ma'am.
Prince Albert was going to build a bench here.  He thought it one of the best views in Osborne.
And I intend to be there when she's ready.
The Queen will ride out if and when she chooses.
Because I think Her Majesty is wrong. If ever there was a poor soul who needed fresh air, it is her.
Then why do you persist in doing it?
Yes, ma'am.
You have been told repeatedly not to stand in the courtyard unless requested to do so.
Yes, ma'am.
Mr Brown.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes.  That will be company for you.
Archie.
Yes.  You have a brother in service here, do you not?  I forget his name.
I've no family, ma'am, apart from my brothers and sisters.
My husband was always very complimentary in speaking of you.  He would have approved, I am sure, of my calling on you in this way.  I trust it does not inconvenience you too much.
I'm glad of it.
Your family sent cards.  It was much appreciated.
She's well, too.
And the pony?
I am.
You are well?
Aye, ma'am.
You are here safely.
Ma'am.
Mr Brown.
Oh, several things.
What can we do?
I beg your pardon?
You've seen the latest cartoon in Punch, I take it?
I came as quickly as I could.
Not at all, Dean.  Good of you to spare the time.
Forgive me, gentlemen.  I'm late.
I have asked him to show you a little of Highland life while you are with us at Balmoral.
Yes.
This is my good John Brown.
No, ma'am.
I stay here because I am happy.  Is that such a terrible crime?
Forgive me, ma'am, I cannot speak for the nation, only for myself.  As Prime Minister I confess I miss your presence, but that is only an expression of my own selfish desires and I should not burden you with it.
I never thought to be bullied by you, Mr Disraeli.  You, I thought, understood a widow's grief.
In so many ways ... and yet it is your presence they crave.  A figurehead.
Is that not enough?
Indeed, and for that they are eternally grateful.
Then they may read about me.
But I lack your prose, Mr Disraeli.
Your Majesty remains at the very epicenter of governance.  As for your people, look no further than the sales of your Highland Journals to see in what affection the nation holds their Queen.  You sell even more copies than Mr Dickens.
I was trying to imagine "rather upset."
The Princess Louisa is too ill to move.  Frankly, the Queen's rather upset at the recent spate of bad publicity.  You're smiling.
What's her excuse this time?
She's refusing to leave Balmoral.
In the press, perhaps.  But she's sold more copies of her Highland Journal in three months than Punch will ever sell in a year.  Time to wheel her out.
It's questionable whether there's any advantage to be had from that direction.  She's never been less popular.
Mrs Brown.
Who?
Gladstone's got his party facing the same way for the first time in years. We need help.  Where is the old girl?
You can't know that for sure.
We're going to lose.
To know when he'll be king.
What did he want?
I hope he got his mother's permission.
I see the Prince of Wales is here.
We'll see which way the wind blows.
So?
Gossip counts.  Lord Aberdeen was right.  This country is not governed by wisdom but by talk.  Granted, it wouldn't take much to winkle the old girl out of mourning, but if public opinion is against her, then it doesn't do to appear too close.
My dear Stanley, a Prime Minister with only a handful of friends must respect public opinion.
Surely, you're not suggesting we dispense--
The question is, do we need her?
Well, both.
The cartoon or Her Majesty's absenteeism?
Should we take it seriously?
No, indeed.
Well, no rest for the wicked, Henry.
Some young page was boasting about having seen it.  Lucky.
Where did you find it by the way?
Of course.
Quite.  I think I'd best take it back.
Yes.
We think she can be dissuaded.  Have you had a glance at the diary?
Dear oh dear.
The Queen wishes to publish an account of him.
A few days...  When he heard, the Prince of Wales threw the bust from the window of the Royal Gallery.  It took four hours to gather the fragments.
Not too protracted, I hope.
Erysipelas.
No, she wasn't.
A distinct flushing around the cheeks. She was drunk, I tell you.
Excellent!
A fine choice, sir.
How ill is he?
I did not consider it wise, in the circumstances, to tax your nerves.
Why was I not informed?
The same, your Majesty.
No.  You are mistaken.  Prince Albert, my husband, had typhoid fever.  I asked what was wrong with my son.
I will not tolerate anybody lecturing me about the responsibility of the monarchy....
Forgive me, Your Majesty.  In no way did I wish to suggest--
Why am I being lectured in this way?!
Excellent, ma'am, excellent.  But perhaps if her Majesty were to consider accompanying her new-found physical vigor with the benefits of mental activity...
Cold is good!
I'm sorry, ma'am?
Whom?
We're expecting Brown this afternoon, ma'am.
Why was I not told earlier?
A few days, ma'am.
How long has he been this sick?
I believe not, ma'am.  I understand -- he'd had rather too much to drink.
Has he been hurt?
I understand he was in a fight.
Unwell?
I believe he is unwell, ma'am.
Why?
Mr Brown is unable to attend today.
Well?
I don't know, ma'am.  He was observed earlier, I believe.
I made no request to go out riding today.  How long has he been there?
He appears to be ... standing by his horse.
What is he doing there?
It's Mr Brown, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Just them?
The Royal Family and senior members of the household, ma'am.
Ma'am.
Please tell the Princess, and other signatories to this letter, that the Queen will not be dictated to, or made to alter, in any way, what she has found to answer for her comfort.  Do I make myself clear?
Ma'am?
They are demanding the dismissal of John Brown on grounds of drunkeness.
What do they want?
My family is quite capable of communicating with the Queen in person.
From Princess Helena and other members of your family.
From whom?
I have a letter, ma'am.
What is it?
There is one other matter.
Is it not enough that She is uncheered and unguided that she should also have to suffer these malicious rumors?!  I am not a fool.  I know there are those in the establishment too afraid to attack me and so they attack my dearest friends. Sometimes -- I feel that Brown is all I have left of Albert.  And now they attack Brown too.
Your Majesty --
No-one should think themselves wiser than me!  It is not for any of the Queen's subjects to presume to tell Her Majesty when and where She should come out of mourning.  It is the Queen's sorrow that keeps her secluded!  It is Her overwhelming amount of work and responsibility, work which She feels will soon wear her out entirely!
I -- forgive me, ma'am, I am no wiser than yourself.
Why not?
I have no idea.
Who told them that?
Read it!
Again?
Read it.
And now I am back.
We were expecting you to return by six.
We stayed a little longer than expected with Mr and Mrs Grant.  It was most agreeable.
No.  I shall be out walking.
He thought, perhaps, Your Majesty might wish to be informed of the latest developments in government.
Why?
Lord Clarendon arrives, by invitation, at eleven o'clock, followed at twelve by a picnic in the grounds to celebrate Princess Alice's birthday. Dispatches, as usual, at two.  The Chancellor writes to say that, by happy coincidence, he will be in Cowes for the weekend.  He asks if Your Majesty might grant him an audience.
Of course, at once.
Please make sure it does not happen again.
I'm very sorry, ma'am.  I can't imagine -- he was certainly given no instructions.
Sir Henry, Mr Brown is standing in the courtyard.  I have no wish to go riding.
He has typhoid fever, ma'am.
What is the matter with him?
You ordered all members of the Royal Family to attend you at Balmoral.
Then why are you not with him?
He is sick, ma'am.
Why is he not here?
Prince Albert is at Windsor, ma'am.
Where is my son?
Yes, ma'am.
That's a very pretty shawl you are wearing, Alex.  Silk suits you well.  But you are not eating enough.  One must not let vanity overrule one's appetite.
Sure.
Thanks, Albert.  Think you could print up those schematics?
Well, technically "yes", but this is only the prototype.
Could you play ARCADE with that?
Well, we're veering into classified info here, but I'll tell you that it involved a donor.  He was dead of course, so it's not like anything unethical was happening.
How the hell did you do that?
Well...it involves a paradox.  You have to trick The Boatman.  Now all the while, you also have to watch your strength.  You can build that back up by catching FIREFLIES...the little glowing guys...
Just tell me the fucking riddle.
If I tell you, then it's no fun.
What's the riddle?
You can't.  He gets you and you're dead. It's like time catching up with you, you know?  Like Fate.  Each level you get progressively less time to complete.  First half of the game takes place in the Wild Lands.  Then you reach Level 6, and that's the Sea of Darkness.  There's a two-headed Boatman that'll take you across if you answer his riddle right.  If you don't...
How do you stop The Screamer?
You've got your ten levels, right? Here they are...  Each level has an exit, only remember, the exits aren't always what they seem.  First one's The Blood Red Sky, then you've got The Blue Desert, Tower of Ghosts, Kingdom of the Blind...  On each world you have to find a golden key and you've only got so much time to do it in.  If you're too late, The Screamer comes.
It's a tough game.  Hard to pin that bastard down.  Keeps on changing the rules.
What do you mean?
Getting there.  It's more sensitive than a joy-stick.  Your video-character can respond as fast as you can.  But what can I do for you?
Does that thing work?
And maybe you've been taking too many drugs.
The donor.  Maybe he's alive inside the game.
He?
Maybe he's not dead.
Well, brain-dead anyway.  Coma patient. It's really not all that important.
Dead?
It's the game's logic core.  We actually patterned it after human brainwaves.  I mean, there's a personality in there. That's what makes it so incredible.
But how can it change every time?
Good question.  See, that's where the fun comes in.  ARCADE changes it every time. He's a machine without a soul. Once you give him a soul, he stops being a threat.
How do you do that?
Level Ten.  That's where you've got to unlock ARCADE's heart using the keys you've found.
What's the question mark?
The next half of the game takes place in ARCADE's brain, The City of Truth. It's urban scenarios, lots of metal and concrete. Screamer comes faster here.  On Level Four you can get a free life if you wait until the last possible second before exiting that world.  Gotta time it right though.
Sure.  Every game's got 'em.  I'll start with the schematics.  I can print these up if you want.
We vere thinking there might be tricks. You know, surprises that you'd worked into the game...
Yeah, who isn't.
We're having some problems with ARCADE...
There's something wrong with ARCADE. The game's alive somehow...
Talk to me.
Why don't we take this into my office.
Neither are we.  Something's wrong with the game, Mr. Difford.
If this is a joke, I'm not laughing.
You don't like it?
It's the game, ARCADE.
Now what seems to be the problem?
Security camera.  Pulled your files before I came down. Be careful what you say, kids ... I know where you live.
How'd you know it was us?
Nick, Alex, how are we today?
But you always lie, so you didn't come from there.  That means the city on the left must be the City of Truth.
I came from the city on the left.
Liar.  Did you come from the city on the left, or the city on the right?
Actually, no.  I was just telling Nick, here, that my t.v.'s busted...
Did you play ARCADE last night?
What's her problem?
Everybody's sick, huh?  It's fifteen after.  We always meet here, you know that.
Sick?
He's probably outside.  You know how he is. Gets bored...
Has anyone seen Greg?
What the hell does that mean?
He thinks I'm "sublimating".
I just thought of something.  If we came back from the game...  ...what if ARCADE did too?
What is it?
Never been on a snowboard.
We can take the dunes down like a ski slope. Pretend you're on a snowboard.
There never is.
Christ...no time...
I don't want to talk about it.
One of them, anyway...  Did you see it?  The Screamer?
So that's what we almost died for?
We don't have a choice!
We can't reach that!
Screamer.
What the fuck is that?!
Look around...
What?!  There's nothing here!
Our time's up.
Check your read-out.
Shit...
There...
Hey, my strength's low.  Look out for Fireflies.
Yeah, that's what worries me.
And we've still got time left.  This was a piece of cake.
Right, then...
The clock's already ticking.
The keys are supposed to be at the end of each level.  Once we get all the keys, we can unlock ARCADE's heart. And then...
Okay.  It's West.
You've got the schematics, check.
Which way do you think Level Two is?
Got it.
I'll take the lead and handle the physical threats.  You watch the elapsed time and look for exits.
That's what I was hoping you'd say.
Yeah, well I figure these are unusual circumstances.
Thanks.  Always wanted to do that.
Don't even say it.
One.  In case...
Okay.  Give us a kiss?
We're actually inside, aren't we?
You feel it?  It's different this time.
I know.  It sucks.
I already have a boyfriend, Nick.
I don't want anything to happen to you.  I care about you.
What?
You don't get it, do you?
No.  If you're smart, you run like hell.
And what if something happens to you? Am I suppose to go in after you alone?!
I know how to do this!  I'm good at these games.  You never play, you'd be nailed in an instant.
Yes I am...
You're not coming, Alex.
Yes it does.  Don't you see?  We have to play by the rules.  That's what it wants.
It can turn itself on, Alex!  It doesn't need a quarter.
Put in a quarter.
I don't understand.  It wants us to play the game.  It's been taunting us ...
A way to hook this helmet into the game. I'm sure there are interfaces...
What are you looking for?
You didn't hear me?
Alex...
Yeah.  The Inferno.
Dante's Inferno.
I've been thinking about that.  ARCADE's like a virus, so it seems like the place to hit him would be where the virus started.  You know, like his point of origin?
Everything.
You got the schematics?
I can't believe you made it!
Jesus Christ!
Get that helmet.  If we're going to play ARCADE, I want every advantage possible.
What are you going to do?
Go outside, get your car, and meet me out front with the engine running. And make it quick, okay?
We're not getting very far into the levels and we kind of thought maybe we could talk to a programmer, learn some tricks and stuff...  I mean, you don't want us kids running around school saying your game's too hard, right?
No I'm not...
What Alex is trying to say is that it "seems" like it's alive.
Drives 'em crazy every time.
Virgin sacrifices?
I was afraid you'd say that.
You realize that in order to do that, we'd actually have to play the game.
And beat it at it's own game.
You mean we learn the rules...
They made ARCADE.  It's still a game, right?  It thinks like a game.  Maybe it still has to play by the rules. Someone had to program it in the first place, didn't they?.
What?
SLIP-STREAM.
I don't know.
Then where do we go?!
Give me a break, Alex.  What are we going to tell them?  Excuse me, officer, but there's some sort of electronic monster loose in the phone lines.  I'd think twice about calling any of those 976 numbers...
The Police, then...
It's already out.
Anywhere.  We have to stop it from getting out.
Right.  And then communication satellites, and then anywhere.
...but then it hits the relay stations...
It's growing.  Getting stronger. Maybe it's only localized now...
Like the fractals?
Maybe it is alive in a way...some sort of electronic intelligence.  It's like a computer virus that developed a personality or something.  It's self-replicating...it mimics life.
Nick, what is it.
It's not just the cable system.  It's in the phone system as well, the electronic net.  It's everywhere.
What?
That's what I thought.
My house.  I want to try something.
Where do we go?
We'll call 911.  Look around Alex.  We broke in, smashed the t.v., no one's going to believe what happened here!
We can't...
Then leave her.
What?!
Change the channel!
Let's go around back.
It doesn't necessarily mean she's...
This is like a movie or something.  I mean, am I paranoid or what?
Laurie's.
Where to now?
She thought Benz was at school.
Well?
Okay.  We'll see what's up.  But if things are cool, I don't want to hear anything more about this.  Life's too short, know what I mean?
If they're sick, great.  But let's make sure.  Come on, Nick.
No way.
We have to find out what's happened to them. I think they're gone...
Sure.
It's not this weird.  It'll make sense. Everything gets weird this late anyway, right?
It's two o'clock in the morning.  Go home. Go to sleep.  We'll figure something out in the morning.
Because I didn't know where else to go.
All of them?
It's the middle of the night.  They're asleep.  Phone didn't wake them.
Something's happened to them.
Call the others.  Laurie, Benz...
Sorry.  Maybe I need the Valium.
No it didn't.  It's just a faulty relay or something.  It happens.
It turned itself back on, Nick.
Quiet.  I do have parents, you know.
See, men always do this.  "Quiet down, honey.  Chill out.  Take a Valium". I'm not a fucking idiot, Nick!  I DID NOT IMAGINE IT!!!
You imagined it.
So how did it know my name, then?
How?!  It's a machine, Alex. Machine's don't think.  They're not alive.  It's a good program, a brilliant program, it was designed so it would act as if it were alive, but it's not alive.
It is.
Alex, I think you're freaking out. Greg's gone, I'll give you that.  And maybe he's in trouble.  But it's not ARCADE that's doing it...
No, wait.  Just listen.  I hooked it up earlier tonight, and it said my name.  As soon as I turned it on, Nick.  It said my name.  How could it know?  And then, I asked it where Greg was, and it said, "In here".
No.  Look, I know you're not going to believe me, but listen anyway...  I think the game's alive somehow.
Happy?
Turn if off!
I'm in the middle of it...
Can you turn off the game?
Greg never came home.  A few hours is one thing, Nick, but this is different. Something's happened to him.
What do you mean by "weird"?
Funny.
Alex, you don't know how long I've waited for this.
I'm coming over.
It's twelve-thirty!
No, in person.  Now.
We are talking...
I have to talk to you.
What the hell are you talking about?
Listen to me!  Greg never came home. I think the game has something to do with it.
Have you played the game yet?  It's incredible!  I was just...
Nick...
Hey, kid.
Hello?
But he was playing the game.  I mean, you saw him...
So take his car home.  Wait.  I'm sure he's up to something...
Yeah...
Hmmm.  He said you were going to have dinner?
Guess he took off...  You have his keys, right?
So where is he?
Well, it's a long story...
So how did you do it, Alex?
Hold my keys, then.
Go for it.
Sure.  Never come back.  Disappear forever.
And then keep on driving?
Come on.  We'll hit Dante's after school, try the game out, maybe get some dinner.
Good.   Cause I'd freak if you weren't.
I'm okay.
So tell me you're okay, then.
I know.
Listen to me, Alex.  These counselor's don't know anything.  They're full of shit. If you don't fit the pattern of the perfect kid, they freak.
Oh God...oh god...
It's here!!!
In this world, wrong is right!
It's the wrong way!
That way.
Which way?
Then we'll go home.
Then we'll go home?
Thought so.
Yes...
How did you get here?  Did you play the game?!
You have no time.
I'm thinking!
You have no time.  What is your question?
Think!  I want to go to the City of Truth, and the Truth Teller is from there...but which one is which?  The liar...think!
Wait!  No!  That's not it!
Is that your question?
What did he do to you?
Not yet, honey...
Is...is that where we are?  Did I die?
Yes...but...how did you...
I love you, Alex.  I never wanted to leave. You know that, don't you?
I miss you so much, Alex.  I want so much to be with you...
But I don't understand...
Of course I am.
Mom?  You're alive...
The Air-Force is working on the same thing.
This is one of our newest projects. We're trying to get rid of joy-sticks altogether ...
Sign me up.
So what do you think?
The game will guide you.
So how do I start?
It changes.  There are eleven levels. Each one is a different layer of the ARCADE universe.  The concept is, you're entering the video game itself, making your way across the circuit board to the logic core ... ARCADE's brain.
So what's the scenario?  Am I saving a princess?  Fighting Zombies?
In case things get too intense.  It automatically freezes the game, gives you a breather.  Things can get pretty wild...
"Escape"?
Is it?  Why don't you see for your self?
That's impossible.
A man after my own heart.  Straight to the point.  What's different about ARCADE is the way it reacts.  It responds like a human does.  It learns.  It adapts. Each time you play, it changes its strategy.
So what's so different about Arcade? You guys've been talking about it for months.
We're glad you people could make it, and we're anxious to have you try out our new product.  We think it's going to be a big seller.  But you're the people that make it happen.  You're the market share everyone's tearing each other apart to get at.  It's your opinion that's going to make or break us.
I am giving her a chance.  Why don't you get off my back?
Give her a chance, will you?
So start at the beginning...
I am the Truth Teller.  Where should I take you?
I am The Liar.  Where should I take you?
One of these cities, is the place you seek. The Teller of Truths will take you there. But the City of Lies, is dark and bleak. And death is certain if you enter, beware.
Of course I can.  I can say all sorts of things...
Can you say anything but "cool"?
Cool.
Fucked up.  That's what they said I was.
It means she's screwed up.
Git along little dowgie and call me back.
Okay, but you don't know what you're missing.
I understand, Cynthia and thank you for the offer. I'll find a place. Now go ahead and give the Cowboy a yodel and get back to me.
I'm just offering a place to stay.
Cynthia... that would not be a good idea.
I'll call him, then call you back...If you want you could stay at my place.
Yeah, sure. It is that kind of a day. When?
Will you meet with him?
You gotta be kidding?
Sort of, funny boy. If I tell him the meeting's on you're to go to the top of Beachwood Canyon. There's a corral up there where he'll be.
And getting stranger. Where do I meet this Cowboy? I mean do I have to ride out to the range?
It's been a very strange day.
Cynthia...what's going on?
Something tells me this guy is connected with what's happening, Adam, and I think you should do it and I think you should do it right away.
Oh, Jason thought it would be a good idea for me to meet the Cowboy. Should I wear my ten gallon hat and my six shooters?
Yeah, the Cowboy. This guy, the Cowboy, wants to see you. Jason said he thought it would be a good idea.
The Cowboy??
Do you know somebody called the The Cowboy?
Beverly Hills Hotel. I've got enough cash in my pocket for one night.
I know, but you're broke. Where are you?
But I'm not broke.
You're broke!
And?
Someone called me. When they couldn't get you they told me you were as good as broke. I didn't believe then, so I made some calls.
What do you mean "you know"?
I know.  Where are you Adam?
Someone's shut off my money!
I'm going home. I'll call you later.
Adam, this isn't like you. Please come to the office. There must be something we can do.
I'm going home Cynthia.
Home! Meet me at the office. We've got to do something ... you've got to do something Adam!
I'm going home.
You've got to talk to Ray you've got to fix this.
No.
Ray did ... and then they closed the set.... everybody's gone. You'd better get down here Adam!
Who fired everyone?
They fired everyone.
What did you say?
They've closed the set. They sent everybody home.
What's going on, Cynthia?
Adam, where are you?
And you'd better speak to someone too ... or find yourself another client!! This smells like a set-up to me!  And by the way, Ray, I don't know who these guys are kidding, but every foot of film I've shot is in a vault at the lab that only I can access. No one's getting that film!!
I'll speak to someone.
You'd better fix this, Ray!!!
Interest?! There's six of the top actresses that want this thing.
We'd be happy to put her in the pile for considerations ... you'd be pleased to know there's quite a lot of interest in this role.
So why did you idiots bring me here? ... I'm in the middle of making a picture.
There is no problem.
So what's the problem?
Okay.
No, this one doesn't count. It's part of the original one. So then ... until we meet again.
So, this is the last time I see you then unless I do bad?
You're an understandin' fella.
I understand.
Good then, but, just in case, that bank's gonna stay closed a bit longer. You understand that?
It will work out.
Now I know a few things. I know you have had a rough day. You're probably thinkin' I don't know the half of it, but in actual fact I know every part of it. The business of gittin' thrown off your movie, the heartache of seeing your wife with another man... losin' access to that precious film vault...
Okay.
So let's just say I'm drivin' this buggy and you fix your attitude and you can ride along with me.
One.
There's sometimes a buggy. How many drivers does a buggy have?
Look ... where's this going? What do you want me to do?
No. You're too busy being a smart aleck to be thinkin'. Now I want ya to think and quit bein' such a smart aleck. Can ya do that for me?
Okay, I'm thinking.
Well, just stop for a little second and think about it. Will ya do that for me?
How's that?
So since you agree I guess you could be a person who does not care about the good life.
That a man's attitude determines to a large extent how his life will be.
What did I say?
I agree with what you said...truly.
Now... did you answer cause you thought that's what I wanted to hear or did you think about what I said and answer cause you truly believe that to be right?
Sure.
A man's attitude ... a man's attitude goes some ways toward how a man's life will be. Is that somethin' you agree with?
Whatever.
Well now, here's a man who wants to get right to it. Kinda anxious to get to it are ya?
No problem. What's on your mind?
Sure want to thank ya for drivin' all the way up to see me from that Beverly Hills Hotel.
Yeah.
Beautiful night.
Howdy to you.
Howdy!
Have a good evening, Mr. Kesher.
Fine. I'll check out in the morning.
That's fine, Mr. Kesher. You can pay cash when you check out. I'm sorry. it was my duty to inform you.
Unbelievable. Look... here.  I don't know what's going on. That's so much baloney. I've got enough cash for one night, okay?
Well, Sir, I'm afraid they said you're overdrawn at your bank and your line of credit has been cancelled.
So, what did they say?
I don't know. All we do is take an impression of the credit card and until you check out it just sits in our files.
How...  how'd they know I was here?
The fact is Mr. Kesher a representative of your bank called us.
... What??
I'm sorry Mr. Kesher, but there seems to be some problem concerning your credit card.
Yes...what is it?
Good luck, honey!
Right. See ya.
Get going. You don't want to be late.
Thanks Coco. I'll let you know.
Naw! He wouldn't have cared. Just give him a good performance and he'll be happy and I've got a feeling you'll do just that.
Thanks Coco. It'd be so embarrassing
His name's Wally Brown .... great guy. Been in the business since forever.
No, no. I'm on my way to my audition. Before I go I wanted to ask you if you could remember the man's name ... Aunt Ruthie's friend who helped put this together. It completely went out of my mind.
It's all right gorgeous. Something wrong?
Sorry to trouble you, Coco.
Don't make me out to be a sucker. Louise Bonner says there's trouble in there. You remember last night. Sometimes she's wrong, but if there is trouble - get rid of it.
You're really something Coco...thank you.
Not really. I met her in junior college and she was from this other town.
So I guess your Grandpa and Grandma know her.
Coco...she's very nice. We went to school together.
Sweetie, look at me straight.
It's just for a night or two, until she finds her own place. I tried to explain that to Aunt Ruth, but the connection was bad and her plane was leaving and she got it all mixed up. I kept telling her it was my friend and she kept saying she didn't know any Ritas ...
She wants to know who's staying in her apartment.
I was afraid of that.
Your Aunt called me.
You got it! See you later honey.
Oh Coco thank you. Thank you so much.
Now I guess you and your Aunt have an understanding. So here's the key and you need anything, just give a holler.  Everybody in this building's pretty much okay with me or they wouldn't be here. If you want, later I'll introduce you around. No hard feelings if you don't, and don't forget the rooftop garden. It's just up the stairs we passed. It's open to all the tenants. You can see the Hollywood sign from there.
Wow!
I told ya.
It's unbelievable!
I can hardly wait, Coco.
That's good. They're allowed, but I don't like 'em...for obvious reasons. One man used to live here that had a prize fighting kangaroo. You wouldn't believe what that kangaroo did to this courtyard ... let's see your Aunt's apartment ... it's a good one.
No, I don't.
Sweetheart, you don't know the half of it.
I guess I've come to quite a place.
Honey, all the great ones came through here at one time or another.
Have many famous actors and actresses lived here? I was meaning to ask you that.
You probably don't remember her, but Louise Bonner lives right over there in number 29. When she isn't drunk she runs a damn good acting class.
I...
You don't have to tell me. It's written all over that pretty face of yours.. You came here to be an actress. I just hope you'll remember there's never been a great poem called "tits and ass."
Well, I ...
Damn lot of corn raised in Hollywood these days too.
Yes, he is. He raises corn.
I guess it was your grandfather, was it ... he called me to check in, said you were on your way and for you to call when you get in. Nice man... farmer I hear.
Hi...do you work with my Aunt?
My name is Rita.
Oh my god. I'm sorry. I'll let you get back to that. I'm going to get unpacked.
I think so. I was just taking a shower.
Are you okay?
A car ... a car accident.
I understand. I saw the dress. I...I'm sorry.   Are you all right?
There was an accident. I came here.
I'm Ruth's niece. My name's Betty. I'm sure she told you I was coming.
That's okay.
Well then, take a seat everyone. Betty why don't you join Jimmy and we'll play the scene. Is there anything you'd like to say Bob... something to Betty before they begin?
No, no, I'm fine.
Well. Shall we get to it? Would you like a water or a coffee before we begin?
Hi.
Come in. I'd like you to meet everyone.
Very pleased to meet you.
I'm Wally Brown. Your Aunt is a very dear friend of mine so it's particularly nice to meet you.
Yes.
Betty Elms?
Before what?
Stop... just stop! That's what you said from the beginning. If I tell what happened... they'll arrest you and put you in jail, so get out of here before...
But you won't.
I can call them... I can call my dad.
I came back. I thought that's what you wanted.
You're still here?
Yeah ... Betty. You don't rush it. I don't rush it. We play it close, just like in the movies.
Betty.
I want to play this one close, Bob. Like it was with that girl, what's her name, with the black hair. That felt good. Whaddya think?
What?
Just tell me where it hurts, baby.
May I have your name please?
Was anyone hurt?
No. I can't.
Can you tell me what happened?
Yes, there was.
Hi. I'm inquiring ...well, I heard a sound last night that sounded like a car crash and I want to know if there was an accident on Mulholland Drive.
I'll go with you. She's still got some of my stuff.
Well ... we'll leave her a note.
I switched apartments with her. She's in #17. Just walk down that way. It's just to the right.
But it said #12.
Number 17.
Diane?
Yes?
Hey, let's introduce the brand new you to Hollywood. We haven't seen the roof garden yet.
It sounds kind of nice ... being somebody brand new.
No. We shouldn't touch that money. We don't know about that money. That might be dangerous money. You have to start all over again. You look like a brand new person and you can be a brand new person... whoever you want to be.
But I want to.
Rita... I want you to stay here and you don't have to give me that money.
I know what you have to do, but let me do it.
What ... I..HAVE... to do.
Rita... I know what you're doing.
No.
C'mon help me in. I'll open the front door.
I don't think...
Keep going. Go around to the back.
No... but...
Do you know them?!
Those men in front, in the car.
What is it? What do you see?!
Don't stop!
You're not going to get in trouble. You're going to find out who you are. Finding out who you are gets you out of trouble.
But I don't know, Sol. I never heard of Sol. I'd just get in trouble. That's why we shouldn't go see about Diane Selwyn... it's better not to get in trouble.
Why didn't you ask him? Sol knows you!
Okay.
When I get back I'll have the cab waiting, so be ready to go.
Good luck!
I hope I'm back in a couple of hours. Don't drink all the coke. 
Everything is A-okay, but I've gotta get that sandwich!
Is everything all right? Is it bad for you that I'm here?
You've got to eat something. You're just nervous about going over to see if you're Diane Selwyn.
I'm all right.
Oh, no wonder I'm starving. I'm going to fix a sandwich. You want one?
"Then they'd put you in jail."
"Before I kill you."
"Before what?"
"Stop! Just Stop! That's what you said from the beginning. If I tell what happened... they'll arrest you and put you in jail, so get out of here before..."
"What about you? What will your dad think about you?"
"Get out! Get out before I call my dad ... he trusts you ... your his best friend. This will be the end of everything... "
"You know what I want...it's not that difficult."
"You're playing a dangerous game here. If you're trying to blackmail me... it's not going to work."
"But you won't..."
"I can call them... I can call my dad... "
"So... surprise"...
"My parents are right upstairs! They think you've left..."
"Really?"
"I came back. I thought that's what you wanted."
"You're still here?"
I know you're afraid of something. We'll be careful. Tomorrow we'll go over there and we'll find out.
I'm not sure about this.
What's wrong with that?
Maybe...maybe ... maybe.
Maybe the voice isn't Diane Selwyn. Maybe that's your roommate or if it is Diane Selwyn she can tell you who you are.
It's not my voice ... but I know her.
Call the number.
Maybe it's not me.
Strange to be calling yourself.
We'll take our check.
No. Just the coffee.
Not that I can see.
There's nothing?
Come on... let's find you something to wear.
Okay.
Just to see if there was an accident on Mulholland Drive.
Okay... but just...just to see.
We could call anonymously from a pay phone... just to see if there was an accident.
No.... I don't...
Maybe that's where the accident was. There must be a police report. We could call.
That's where I was going... Mulholland Drive.
Mulholland Drive?
Mulholland Drive.
When you think about them... the money... the key ... does it make you remember anything?
Unh, unh.
The money. You don't know where it came from?
No  There is something...something there I can't tell... I can't describe it.  There are things there.... but I'm... here.
You don't remember anything else?
I don't know.
How do you remember how to talk?
Nothing. I do remember the car crash... I told you... I remember the glass ... I think about that sometimes ... I remember walking here, sort of. Now I remember this place and you. That's about it.
Well ... if you don't remember anything, I mean what goes through your mind then if you don't remember anything?
What do you mean?
Well...  what do you think about then? I mean...  well what do you think about?
I'm not. I don't know what my name is. I don't know who I am!!
What do you mean? You're Rita.
I don't know who I am.
What's wrong?
I'm...I'm... oh no... I thought when I woke up... I thought sleep would do it ...
What is it Rita?
All right, but...I'm going to check on you.
It will be okay if I sleep. I need to lie down and sleep.
If you have a concussion you shouldn't sleep.
No...I need to sleep.
But, this could be serious.
No.
Oh...
I think I've been hurt.
She sure is. She's letting me stay here while she's working on a movie that's being made in Canada, but I guess you know that.  I couldn't afford a place like this in a million years. Unless of course I'm discovered and become a movie star. Of course, I'd rather be known as a great actress than a movie star, but sometimes people end up being both and that is, I guess you'd say, sort of why I came here. I'm sorry, I'm just so excited to be here..I mean I just came here from Iowa and now I'm in this dream place. You can imagine how I feel.
She has pretty red hair... she is very kind I think.
I...I mean......I...it's none of my business.
No ..........I.
Thank you... thank you very much.
Let's see if we have a pass for Betty Elms ... and we do. Here we go. And good luck Miss. Elms.
Betty Elms.
Mr.Wallace Brown is in the Executive Building on the second floor. We want to go in and turn right at the first street. Then we want to walk three blocks down past Stage 17 to the white Executive Building. Once we're on the second floor the receptionist will take us from there. Now do we have name?
Yes, Sir.
Well, now we've got to figure that out first don't we?
No, we don't.
And do we know which of the fifty-seven buildings Wally Brown is in?
Wally Brown.
And who are we auditioning for today?
To my audition.
It must be just so pathetic being you. Sure Billy, grab your dog we'll eat in the van.
Nothing... I don't like being out in the open like this.
What's  the matter now?
Keep her from gettin' in trouble, that's all.
Yeah, what for?
Gotta keep an eye on her, that's all.
You're so easy.
My next delivery is up that way, so I'll be getting down to it real soon.
No, no, no, I told you. They're fine. They're all real happy.
Yeah, sure. Look what happened to them.
Right then.
To get rid of this god-awful feeling.
So, you came to see if he's out there?
Well ... it's the second one I've had, but they were both the same......they start out that I'm in here but it's not day or night. It's kinda half night, but it looks just like this except for the light, but I'm scared like I can't tell ya. Of all people you're standing right over there by that counter. You're in both dreams and you're scared. I get even more frightened when I see how afraid you are and then I realize what it is - there's a man...in back of this place. He's the one ... he's the one that's doing it. I can see him through the wall. I can see his face and I hope I never see that face ever outside a dream.
Okay, so you had a dream about this place. Tell me.
You see what I mean...
Oh boy.
I had a dream about this place.
Go ahead.
It's kind of embarrassing but,
Okay. Why this Denny's?
This Denny's.
To Denny's? I wasn't going to say anything, but why Denny's?
I just wanted to come here.
Why did you want to go to breakfast if you're not hungry?
Damn, that's a long drive.
Palmdale.
Where at?
Yeah ... and they both use the same address.
Interesting.
Nope, not yet. Their fingerprints don't match up anywhere.
Find out who they are?
Well he said...  you know in his way... you know what I mean? Besides the guy gettin' rolled up under the kids car which busted him up pretty bad, there was this little knife-like torn piece of metal, you know, off the car body, rolled out and slid up through this guy's neck and just kinda slit his aorta, you know, but they didn't find it right away, so the guy's losin' a lot of blood, you know, to the brain - all this time cause it was just like this thin little puncture wound on the surface of his neck that kinda sealed itself, he said, while inside the aorta is bleedin' pretty steady all that time. So, Dr. Scott's laughin' you know like he does 'cause he knows we want to talk to this guy. He's laughin' you know and shakin'... Son of a bitch couldn't stop laughin'... It was kinda contagious 'cause pretty soon we were all laughin'...the nurse was laughin'. You know how he is.
Oh yeah.
Yeah... just .... Dr. Scott's got 'im. You remember Dr.Scott.
The one of 'em still alive?
Handstitched Italian. Filled with phony credit cards ... off the two guys in the Caddy.
Nice wallets.
That's what I'm thinkin'.
No. Could be someone's missin' maybe.
Could be...any of those dead kids wearin' pearl earrings?
Could be unrelated.
Yeah, they showed me
The boys found this on the floor in back of the Caddy.
Two men... two guns in the Caddy.
Sammy thinks the Caddy had stopped along the shoulder ... man up the road said he saw two cars drag racin'...then you got that blind corner.
Yeah.
You feel it?
Yeah, that's a funny story.
It was just a thing. The story made you laugh.
Oh, things aren't so bad. Gee, I hope you're not goin' to get in any trouble.
Yeah, look at my digs ... times are tough.
Hardly.
Making ends meet, huh.
Well, not much Ed. Just doin' some stuff for this guy.
Unreal ... so, you're looking good. Whatcha doin' these days?
So man, that's unheard of ... an accident like that ... who coulda foreseen that.
Sure.
You'll keep your eyes open for me won't you baby?
No...
A brunette? ... maybe beat up?
No.  I haven't seen any.
Sure, reach in my shirt pocket there.
No ... thanks though... I'll take a cigarette if you have one.
Not a coke or anything?
Not here...no thanks.
Jesus, my legs are asleep. I'll never be able to win this shit.
You must come in first place to move on !
Pick with expediency !
Great.. great. Is there any kind of hint or anything ?
So many tubes to get in, only one is the way out.
Great ! You couldn't be a fan of Dolphins or some other less threatening animal.
And now ladies and gentlemen it's time for the fabulous CROCODILE SHOW !
Where's the dock ?
That's it folks for the Demon Boat Ride.... Everybody off. Watch your hands and feet.
Good. Nice to see you, Bruce. Johnny.
I'll do the standard research and have them in by midnight, pending any unforseen problems.
I have an embezzler and his accomplice.
Good morning. What do you have today ?
No one has a gun to your head.
I'm an investment banker. I see blood bathes everyday. Besides, mine is not to question why, min is but to do or die.
Doesn't it bother you to see this kind of brutal death ? I mean , I can understand the old man's infatuation with the stuff, but not you.
Yeah, I'd say that's it.
Is that it ?
Bye....
Well, I'll see you at the next staff party.
Yeah a real shame.
That's a shame.
Apparently pretty high, we just got a new CEO last week.
Well, surprise, surprise, I've been on the payroll for several years now. I still have an office and secretary. No one even batted an eyelash. Do you realize what the high turnover is in a multi corporation bank in New York ?
That was eleven years ago.
I work here, remember ?
What are you DOING here ?
It'll end. It'll end with him and McCay. Then the park shuts down. Permanently.
Just stop it. End it here.
There's one more person here for me to visit.
What about you ?
Girder, watch your head.
What was that ?
Yes.
Do you know where you're going ?
It's poison gas, this is the antidote. Drink it.
I don't get it.
The Brooklyn Bridge.
Where are we going ?
Great...
You don't. It's random, there no trick.
Okay Mr Inventor, how do we avoid it ?
Yeah, real cute. The storm is fake, but the lightening is real.
This is cute.
Let's go.
If we can get to through the next room, we'll be at a junction for a power grid.
Fine...
You okay ?
Okay.
Just remember, hold your breath as long as you can. Then go right over to that corner. The door will open and go in and up.
So was I. So don't give me any shit. Your business is just as bad. At least I'm up front about it. You kill people slowly. Your corporate take overs can decimate a families livelihood over a year sometimes two. Now you know how it feels.
It wasn't my fault. I was just part of a team. I was doing my job...
Know what ? That it was your fault ?
I wanted to let his family know....
You didn't think about it did you ? I read your file. It said you had a nervous breakdown.
I... I .....
I'm in charge of the conversions.  When First Bank buys another smaller bank, I'm in charge of converting them to our systems and way of doing things.
What do you do with the company, if I might ask ?
How can you just take a life ? I mean it's a life, life is so precious.  How does it feel ?
This is New York. No one notices anyone. Not even when someone disappears. At first it was the guy who was caught trying to steal McCay's Jag. Then it was dirty accountants that tried to walk away with millions. The Old Man got such a rush from it, I thought that he would start trying to send me people who used the copier after hours.
Doesn't anyone notice all the people missing ?
I've since changed my mind. I designed this place, based on my belief that I was doing what the legal system couldn't or wouldn't do. McCay had the company buy the property and they pay the bills. It's a tax write off. On the books everything looks kosher. I have an office on 5th that I haven't seen in ten years.
And you believe that ?
McCay had a lot money done into researching psychological reactions to questions that are seemingly unrelated, but reveal everything. Like criminal impulses, homicidal impulses.....
What do you mean ?
There's more to it than trying to see if you'd steal from the company or if you'd lie or cheat.
Yeah, everyone has to when they get hired.
There are other things too. They had everyone start taking those psych tests. Did they make you take one ?
So you may have been duped this whole time. Killing innocent people, that must make you feel ..., how does it feel ?
It was there, clear as day. I saw the computer records. Matthew has been fed wiring money to his personal account.  I just knew something was wrong.
Then how come Matt and I showed up as guilty ?
I do a very thorough background check. I go through police files, personel files, anything.
But how do you know if the people are guilty ?
I was lured by all the money and I truly did convince myself that what I did was for justice. Since then, McCay has wanted to put anyone he can down here.
I was hired in and started to do the boring old work routine. I was originally brought in as a technical advisor. First Bank had sponsored my scholarships.
He hired you to build this place ?
I just graduated from M.I.T. in engineering. That's when John McCay hired me.
Do you have something better to talk about ?
Is this really the time ?
Why did you build this whole place ?
Excuse me ?
So why this ?
I'd say about thirty to forty minutes. Give or take a few.
How long till the room fills ?
Once the room depletes it's oxygen, we have about 30 seconds, then a door opens on the bottom over there. Then we swim out.
Obviously, but what's the way out ?
We drown.
What's the trick here ?
At the subway station, we can get into a power duct that my little shit head of an assistant doesn't know about.
I'm listening.
Look, there's another train. They'll send it through here. You're fucked if you don't STOP and listen to me.
Not listening !
It won't take them that long to figure out we weren't on the train when it wrecked.
You've been doing a bang up job so far. Right now Matt is probably dead and it's your fault.
Hey ! I'm still your best chance to get out of here alive.
I'm not listening.
So you're telling me you were set up ? I knew something was wrong.
Why would he ? His parents are rich.
Then he isn't embezzling either is he ?
NO ! I wouldn't do that.
Then you didn't give him any passwords of any kind ?
I'M NOT BOFFING MATTHEW !
If you hadn't started boffing that weasel with an attitude, you wouldn't be here.
Look I don't even wanna know how I got in this mess. I just want out. It has nothing to do with me.
You took an awful big risk back there.
What ?
Hey ! Hey ! I'm talking to you !
I'm leaving.
What are you doing ?
Knows ? He watches every "Guest" on tape. This whole place is here for his sick amusement. And no so are we.
McCay knows ?
It's a tax write off for John C. McCay.
First Bank ? But how ?
It's called Murderland. It's paid for by First Bank.
Who the hell are you anyway ? What is this place ?
I'm working on it.
So what do we do ?
No where. We've got about seven minutes before this thing slams into a concrete wall.
So where does this lead ?
Give me a fucking.....
Come on, it works.
You have issues. I mean you have some serious issues that need to be ironed out.
There's enough force to push you twenty feet in the air. It won't kill you, but it will hurt.
We have to climb up that.
Now what the hell are we supposed to do ?
We wait. This is an elevator.
How do we get out of this room ?
I don't know.
Now where do we go ?
I'm not fucking him..
Maybe not, but he is and fucking him makes you an accessory. He stole your passwords.
Embezzling ? I'm not embezzling !
You're both embezzling. I saw the records.
You said we were criminals, what did you mean ?
Why should I ?
Why don't you tell us what the fuck is going on ?
No !
Leave him, he's dead.
What about Matt ?
I made this place..... now listen to me. I'll get out of this room, we have bigger troubles than this....
Why should we trust you ?
No time. Get him up.
Where are we ?
Please don't be alarmed, Ma'am.
What's going on ?
You have 43 unpaid parking tickets, sir. You have the right to remain silent, anything you say can & will be held.....
Don't have to tell me twice.
He's the liaison for McCay. Listen go. Go now.
In the jail cell is a spiral staircase. It leads to the surface. Take it all the way up.
Where ?
Almost. Look, you two get out of here.
Is it over ?
Thanks...
Knock yourself out.
This probably isn't the bet time, but I really have to pee. Can I pee ?
Ow...
You okay ?
Swimming, you know, like in water, moron.
What the fuck are you talking about.
Hey, try swimming. It works.
That's cute asshole.
Issues ??? This guy has the damn subscription to every psychotic issue I've ever heard of.
Look...
That's not to tough.
Look pipsqueak, I'm having a real bad day here and we're just starting.
Why don't you tell us a little about yourself ?
It's fine thanks.
Yeah, we're about a hundred an fifty feet below the subway stations. We're heading a little higher up now.
An elevator ?
You were one of those guys that played Dungeons & Dragons with real swords, weren't you.
The room has sound sensors. If you wake it up, it breathes fire.
Are you hunting wabbits ?
Be very, very quiet...
So what happened ? Did you have a real bad theme park experience as a kid and this is your revenge ?
A dragon.
What's next Walt ?
I did, but this room has four exits and only one opens, it's up to them in the control room. There's one right over there. The exit light is on, but he can change it.
I thought you made this place ?
Why ?
I'd get out of the water if I were you.
That's nice.  I think I lost my wallet.
Not quite....
Is it over ?
Because of my charming personality ?
Give me one good reason why I don't plug you right here, right now ? 
I don't help criminals.
Hey buddy, thanks for the help back there !
And that's different than this because...... ?
Either you'll be shot with bullets, impaled with a large spike, or nailed like a super model. Basically you're fucked any way you go.
Okay, NOW I'm worried. What exactly is on the other side of the door ?
Trust me, if you open any door, you'll be dead a whole lot sooner.
Wait for what ? i don't wanna alarm you but we'll be the special at the International House of Pancakes in about five minutes !
NO ! Don't open ANY of them ! They're all wrong. Just wait.
I told him not to sit down in there.....
OUCH !!! GODDAMMIT that hurts !!!!
Just shut the fuck up.
Who are you anyway ? What the hell is this ?
NO. Don't. You'll get a shock from hell if you touch that seat.
43 unpaid parking tickets, sir.
Kojak here is arresting me for unpaid parking tickets.
Hey , Hey !
That's very funny, sir. You are under arrest.
Yes, can I help you ? Maybe a donut or something ?
Are you Matthew Parker ?
For once in your life, shut the fuck up.
You think I'm that easy, Bitch ?
I'm sick of playing. I've got a better idea.
Why don't you just stop fucking around and just die !
Checking........
A real criminal.... I still think that's our in... What about her ?
Yeah, but we're talking 43.
Parking tickets ? That's it ?
Checking..... Hah ! He has a shit load of unpaid parking tickets...
Any priors ? Any police record ?
Matthew lives on the Upper West Side, kinda posh for a temp don't you think ?
Yeah, maybe.... Let's start the background checks. Let's see where they live and what kind of security systems....
He probably has a history of this shit.
He already had a balance of $600,000.
So ?
I see here that this guy has made deposits into his own account for the last four months. Each one in the amount of $100,000. He then puts in deposits into his girlfriends account.
I just want to double check the facts.
What's wrong ?
That's right. Now who needs to trust who ? Trust me, when you're ready to work the controls, I'll put you in the hot seat.
You did.
And who bailed you out when a hit was put on you, you sorry sack of shit. Who put you up ? Who gave you a job ?
I made my bones on the street, you know. I did Riglioni in his own house. I was made in the Family, okay.
No.
I've been working with you for four years, don't you think that's worthy of at least one turn at the controls ?
Not down here. I'll start trusting you when I feel there the time is right. It's not personal, it's just survival.
RESPECT is earned not given away, trust is given away to anybody.
Trust is earned not given away.
Look, you're going to have to start trusting me sometime. I am a trustworthy person.
When you are ready.
When will that be ?
When I think you're ready.
Here. Am I ever going to get to run the controls for one these capers ?
Hand me the 3/8ths.
You've got it boss. One more mangled body to the East River, coming up !
Johnny, let's get the cleanup started.
Got it.
Stop the hydraulics.
I said NO.
But, he's...
Not yet.
He'll never get it right. Try the Log Ride !
You've got to be kidding me ! His lazy ass couldn't win the special Olympics.
Never underestimate a man who cheats on his taxes. His file says he is an avid jogger.
Yes, sir Mom. 
It's my control board and I don't want it acting squirrelly because you dropped a few crumbs into the keyboard, no put the shit away.
What ? Are you my mother ?
Don't eat at the console.
What ?
Don't.
Let's just see if he can make it into round two....
I didn't think he'd make it past Scraps.
We will start work on it now sir.
If you want, I can fire you and have someone else who has the balls terminate these worthless people. Which will it be ?
Sir, I came from the Chicago offices myself, and if I may say, sir, there are still some very good....
Fire the whole division. We're moving more of the operations division into Manhattan anyway. Whoever is left over from the conversion is no longer needed. We already have all the key people here. Anyone else is expendable.
Excuse me, sir ?
Fire the whole division.
Well ?
Have that tape on my desk tomorrow morning.  First.... thing...
Sir ? We're moving them right along as fast as we can.
Fantastic ! A little faster sweetheart.
Yes sir. It will be the best of your collection, I assure you.
Not you Zach.  Remember, my wife is asleep upstairs, dear.  Zach, am I gonna like what I see on this tape ? Is it the grandest of all the Park's tapes ?
Sir ?
One moment dear... 
Better, sir.
Is it as good as I hope it is ?
Good, sir.
Zach, my boy ! How is tonights adventure going ?
Zachary.
That my boy, is the best part. Life on top of the world is boring... predictable. If I wanted life without chances, I never would have paid for Murderland. Now go. Make a formal proposal and see about the assistant. Find out if it's viable.
Sir, this is not like firing any employee. We can't predict what will happen.
Yes, do you think he would like a raise and a new position ?
John, sir.
Do you think the assistant, what's his name...
What then sir ? What would we do with the park with out Bruce ?
I'm willing to bet that even the creator can't out wit his creation.
Sir, he created the Park. He would know how to circumvent any of the traps.
I'll bet that would be the Park run of the century !
Sir ?
What if we were to put Bruce into the Park as a Guest ?
What do you mean sir ?
I propose we consider a hostile take over. Perhaps Ol' Bruce is in need of a new job opportunity.
Bruce may still refuse. It is my belief that he is becoming more belligerent.
That mail room kid was the longest lasting "guest" yet ! Maybe we can alter the computer records and make another "guest" from the more athletic of our staff.
Yes sir. It turns out we put an innocent man into the "park" and he was not the one who stole from the stamp machine. That is also about the time when Bruce began refusing.
What about that time when the mail room kid was accused of stealing and we put him in the "Park" ? Wasn't that a computer glitch ?
That's right, sir. He does a thorough background check and if he finds them to be criminal or guilty of embezzlement, then he will put them in the park. He has refused the last three suggested "guests".
I don't believe Ol' Bruce is having as much fun with this as he once did. He still insists on the "guests" being of the more nefarious type.
But sir, most of the people we are putting into the "Park" are accountants that embezzle or investment bankers. They are not known for their physical or intellectual prowess.
I want more action. I want to see more ingenuity than that. I want to see the injured man out wit the machines !
I had suggested that they tone down the program so that the "guests" might take longer to expire.
That was rather.... disappointing.
Son, let's watch the tape.
Thank you, sir. I was really hoping for shares, or possibly cash... but this, this is really personal.
Thank you, sir.
I have entrusted you with a great many things. In your tenure with this company you have seen and heard things that could upset the very economic world in which we live. I think this kind of loyalty should be rewarded.
Yes sir.
Zach my boy, I can spend your yearly salary in a blink. I have had that kind of money all of my life. If I wanted to, I could fly to Paris for the afternoon.  My father formed this company over seventy years ago. When my brother became mentally challenged, it was put in my charge. Now running a bank of this size is very stressful. I need to relax on what little down time I have. A yacht club will not quite make my blood pressure decline. Understand ?
I make roughly four hundred thousand a year.
And how much do we pay you annually ?
I am thirty two.
Zach, how old are you, son ?
While I am not morally against these little, shall we say "hobbies", as long as I am on the payroll, but why not something like a yacht club ?
Of course.
Thank you , sir. Sir, may I ask you a question ?
I have to say, that I am glad you are such an amazing kiss ass.
Yes sir, I do. Last night's, fresh from the Park.
Perhaps it was. I was in boarding school for so many years, it's hard to remember. Do you have the tape of the latest exploits from my favorite hobby ?
I thought that was Darwin, sir. Or perhaps Nietzsche ?
Relax, son. They'll learn in time that you don't fuck with First Bank. This is the real deal and we aim to keep it strong. My Daddy always told me that Only The Strong Survive.
Not that well sir. I believe we have a few too many soft hearts in the building. Did we aquire a bank from Chicago or a charity ?
Zachory ! My boy, how goes the carnage down on 44 ?
Yeah, right. He's stuck all the way over here
Go in there ? What if Bruce finds you ?
I don't know. I think that a power grid just needs reset. Don't get your panties in a bunch. I'll go down and reset it.
How can this happen ?
The power went out in half the park.
What happened ?
What the ... ?
He's got two chices.either it's the Bowling Alley from Hell or Alice in Murderland. See this ? Even Bruce knows that no one can make it out of here in one piece.
So what's next ? No one's ever made it this far before.
I think I'll see hat action.
Okay, I have five that says THIS is it for them.
Goddamn it Bruce, you've cost me about thirty dollars so far.
Thank you very much.
The room will fill to the top, then if they wind up in the next room, they lived, if not, they're dead.
Ach ! How will you know if they've made it ?
<<belch>>
That is repugnant. You have the habits of a goat.
I can see that but where ?
There ! There ! Did you see ! They're still alive !
Yes. I think he's feeling sick or something.
Was that the Old Man ?
You're paying the bills.
I don't know. Maybe we should watch the tape to be sure.
Shit, I forgot about them. Well, I guess the boss man wasn't as tough as I thought.
Look ! Look !
I can see your small business ! Look at it it's so small.
Look he figured it out !
Well, Mr. Parker it seems that your is not the wardrobe of choice tonight. I'm quite confident that my tie is looking better than yours.
Maybe you should get over fears.
Why ? The crocks are all going for the dead crock. There's no fun in it. Besides we've got plenty more for them. The night is young....
Aren't you going to switch exits on him again ?
I'll see that bet.
I've got five bucks that says someone dies here and now.
I do believe Mr. McCray will be most pleased with the tape of this one.
I have a turn for the worse for the team !
What's next ?
Of course, this one's a gimme. Just be patient, even Ol' Bruce can't outwit some of these traps.
Will he make it out ?
He'll never make it out of the park alive. I promise you that....
We can't afford too many surprises.
He must have had a gun stashed. God damn it !
What was that ?
I don't know.....
What is Bruce doing ?
What ?????
Bruce has just awaken.
We should have another fifteen minutes at least.
How long till the drug wears off ?
Aren't you the bitter one.
Just a temp who pissed me off and a girl who turned me down for the night of her life.
So who are these people with the Boss ?
I'm listening.
I had hoped you would say that. I have a proposal for you.....
No I am not.
Are you happy with your salary and position ?
We can't.
I didn't think even this company could afford to write off enough to build a new "Park".
Have you ever considered running your own "Park" ? I mean, since you will not be returning to your former profession.
Then what do you want ?
No. I am not a homosexual.
What are you looking for ? A blow job ?
I thought, and correct me if I'm wrong, but weren't you trying to play both sides ?
There was a bit of confusion on one of my last jobs.
Might I ask why you no longer work for the mob ?
I was.
Only that you were one of the finest hit men in the mob. That if you wanted a good clean kill, that Johnny Tortelli was the man for the job.
What did you hear ?
No. I was just curious if what I heard about you is true ?
He's been expecting you.
We have new "guests" for the park. I have a file on them. May I see Bruce ?
Hey, Mr. Executive. Buy you a drink sailor ?
I'm just looking for our best interests. May I have the tapes, Bruce ?
He has a phone pole sticking in his chest, I think we don't need an autopsy.
I'm going to go ahead and go now.
Why don't you shut up now.
No sir. I was just getting , well you know. Water. We weren't talking about sex or anything else except Star Wars. Just saying hello. I think I'm gonna go now.
Well, I think if you take several lines out of context, Star Wars becomes a very sexual movie. I mean listen to this.  "Luke, at that speed will you be able to pull out in time ?" or "You came in that thing ? You're braver than I thought".
No.
Ow. Son of a .....  Did I ever tell you my theory on Star Wars as Porn ?
Of course I am. I feel the testosterone coursing through my veins.  Now that I've gotten the stitches removed from my arm and the chiropractor fixed my back.
Hey buddy. You okay ?
Hey good lookin' ! What'cha got cookin' ?
Who was that guy anyway ?
He was right behind me !
Come to the rescue again I see.
Thanks a lot. I always wanted to know what it was like to see my life flash before my eyes for the one hundredth time tonight.
Where are we ?
No, idiot. Where do we go now ?
I want to go to sleep for about a month.
What now ?
We made it !
Sweet Jesus I never dreamed I'd be glad to see Central Park at night.
I was thinking maybe we should try this dinner thing again, but maybe the Epcot version will be open by then....
Hey Matty, don't wait for me or anything.
I'm fine.
Are you okay ? Any holes ? I mean aside from the one's that nature gave you ?
Zach from work ?
It's that asshole Zach isn't it ?
Nothing.
What ?
I think I'm very quickly getting over my phobia of public urination.
Shut up ! It's me.
Jesus Christ ! I'm just a temp for Christ sakes !
"How's your foot" ? This guy tried to kill us and he put us in this place, and you want to know how his foot is ?
How's your foot ?
We just having our first date when you showed up.
You don't have to sound so emphatic.
Maybe all that testosterone plugs his ears.
I'm talking to you asshole !
Which one, this door is locked !
The roof is coming down.... hey, you.... Which door gets us out of here ??
Fine, fine, I feel like a chicken McNugget.
Are you okay ?
I just need to sit and think for a second.
I think we should follow him...
What the hell kind of cop are you ?
Hey, you ! What the hell is going on ?
No ! Just get up. This is serious.
Hey... did we uhm, you know....
Wake up, we're in trouble.
Not now, Mom.
Yahoo !!!!!
Okay, now go under go under it ! Shoot Vader's Tie Fighter ! Get Him Get Him !
My own sit down Star Wars arcade game. Wanna play it ?
Actually, I'm more interested in the man behind the wheel more than the manufacturer. So what is it that you have that makes you a materialistic fool ?
Would that impress you ? I mean you're the kinda woman that probably has Ferrari written all over your personal ad.
Like what, a Porsche ? A Ferrari ?
I just want to have something that's mine, you know ? It's like living off of their money is fun and all. There are certain materialistic needs that I have that can only be satisfied with that extra little scratch.
If they're so rich, why are you working at all ?
Well, I make good investments, I lead a double life as a secret agent.. I....I ... I have very rich parents. I have always had a lot of money.
You have a real nice place... how can you afford this working as a temp ?
Yes, Excuse me for a second.
Are you okay ?
Thank you.
What an incredible view !
Thanks.
Thank you, won't you come in ?
Hi. I brought some wine.
Hello.
Sure.
Dinner at my place then ? Say, seven o'clock ?
As appealing as that sounds...
This is too easy, I mean I had a speech prepared, then I even wore these pants because I could get on my knees to grovel.
Yes.
Really ? On a date ?
Yes.
It's sounds so much better when you say it. I'm semi traditional here, and it's important that I ask. Will you go out with me ?
Do you want to go out with me ?
Listen, I was thinking, you know. Would you go, it's I think you're...
I've never heard the Flintstones reduced to a sexual exploitation quite like that. You're funny.
Come on, I'm serious. Look at Wilma. She's this frail little thing, and Fred, I mean Fred Flintstone is this BIG guy. He has to be hung like a horse, and THAT's why Wilma puts up with his B.S.
Excuse me, gentlemen
Just look at this tie. You could fry an egg off that orange, yow. Have you ever considered the Jerry Garcia line of ties ?
I meant him.
Thank you.
Good golly miss molly you are looking good today !
Maybe we should make the time. Especially considering the sixteen million dollars we have set aside expressly to settle law suits from these very events.
Look, Miss. I know you're still upset about that incident in Chicago, but understand, this is a cut throat business. We don't have time to play nursemaid to every single Tom Dick and Harry.
I disagree. I think we should start looking into the severance pay schedules and make sure the people with families can.....
We start with the top and work our way down. We start with the high salaries and then just let the little people go. No need to make the blue collars go crazy.
Were you involved in the incident where that guy killed himself in his office ?  I am sorry. Perhaps we should have dinner tonight to.... discuss your future.
Four years. I came over from the Capitol merger in Chicago six months ago.
I am equally impressed with your knowledge of the market. How long have you been with the company now ?
Actually it's down .2 from the last quarters highest, but I think it will pick up.
Did you see what the First Bank stock opened at ? Very impressive.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Humph, meee?? My dear, this is not a country that rewards poetry, this is a country that rewards gas mileage, besides, people don't read poetry anymore, they watch television. Don't be a poet, be a TV repairman.
No they're not. I wanna be a writer, I wanna be just like you.
Oh I doubt it...lectures are notoriously boring.
I'm sure she found your lectures fascinating.
I was drinking a little in those days.  I'm drinking a little these days too.
People said she looked like me.
Ohhhhh.
Her name was Maggie Muldovan.
UCLA? My cardigan sweater period.
My mother took this course with you at UCLA...&quot;The Foundations of Poetic Thought&quot;.
No, no, no, I gave it up ten years ago...actually it gave me up.
Do you still teach?
Oh, just put it over there.
Umm, where do you want this?
No, I'm writing to the phone company because they keep charging me for calls to Caracas, Venezuela...do you know any know anybody in Caracas, Venezuela?
Are you writing a poem?
You had to remind me?
I don't even know your name.
Don't mention it.
THANK YOU.
Yeah, well I don't think you're very grateful. A lot of people in your position would say &quot;thank you&quot;.
I don't think you're very polite.
What are you gonna do? Tell them that...a polite person helped carry your bag?
Put that down, I'll...I'll call the police!
Gee, that is a problem.
My only problem is that your Uncle Phil is giving me five bucks to pick you up but I don't get paid 'till delivery.
Are you suffering from a chemical imbalance or is it just an attitude problem.
Well if I was looking for a victim, I definitely wouldn't pick your Uncle Phil who outweighs me by about 150 pounds, besides, who would I ask for ransom? You??
This is California, anything is possible.
Hey relax, you think I kidnapped him or something?
Where is he?? He was supposed to meet me.
Your Uncle Phil told me.
How did you know my name?
You're Vada right?
I'm not supposed to talk to strangers, not even nuns.
Excuse me I asked you a question.
Me, I'll know!
So charge him with something...who's gonna know?
You're still asking me to break the law.
I'm sorry okay...we gotta find this guy because...he knew Vada's mom and he could tell her stuff that no one else knows.
I think the phrase was &quot;Sleazoid Geek&quot;.
Look, sergeant I know I said some things last time that I shouldn't have said at all but...
I thought I told you to lose this guy.
Give us a break. All you have to do is make a phone call.
What about living in the real world pal?
What about giving the other guy a break.
Well maybe you should join a hippie commune. But let me tell you something. Sooner or later it's gonna be your turn to take out the garbage.
I would do it again in a minute.
What kind of sleazoid geek would turn her in?
Hello, I'm gonna need this right now...this guy...well we think he might be going after the governor.  Twenty minutes? Fine.
Do you wanna be a hall monitor all your life?
Could you hold on for a second? 
I'm leaving Sunday.
Pommeroy...he may or may not be driving a black 54 Ford Pickup.  Monday.
Pommeroy.
Yeah, this is Sergeant Tanaka from Holenbeck, I need a current address for a Jeffrey....
His name is Jeffrey Pommeroy and he used to drive a 54 Ford pickup, black with red interior. Please?
I'm not authorized to trace licenses for civilians.
Everyone was really surprised when Maggie was turned in, she got kicked out for two weeks.
Suspended from school, my mother??
She was the uhh...first girl ever suspended for smoking.
You kidding? he picks up a picture and shows Vada and Nick
Wow, you walked out with my mother?
Well, we worked on the school paper together. I remember when the Legion of Decency declared Rebel without a Cause unfit...boy...that Jim Backers, what an actor uh? What an actor.
What do you remember about her.
It's too bad about your mom. At least she went peacefully, I've seen a lot of people go out the hard way.
You can do anything you want. You're his sister.
Can I see him?
Uh huh, a boy, you've got a new brother.
We have a baby?
She just had a baby that's all.
What happened to Shelly?
Give my love to Shelly.
I love you too sweetie, bye.
Okay...bye daddy, I love you.
Oh she's fine...ahh...umm the doctor just...ehh...told her to stay in bed and get a little rest and...'n stay quiet...just...just to make sure that...
I will. How's Shelly?
Ask him if he needs a good tuba player.
Totally.
Totally groovy huh?
Yeah.
Actually, I wanna see Jeffrey Pommeroy.
Good! You should go over and watch some Ted Carson.
I just called to say that I'm having a really great time.
Hi honey.
Hi Dad.
Hello? Sultenfuss Parlor.
Have fun.
I'll be back in 137 hours.
Thanks, I needed that.
Bye Dad, I'll miss you.
It means...I'm a paranoid nitwit who's never let his baby girl out of his sight for the simple reason he's a paranoid nitwit. So why don't you just say &quot;Oh Dad&quot; and get on the damn plane already?
What does that mean?
And no boys, promise me, oh those LA people are all so corrupt you'll end up pregnant and on drugs...and don't come running to me when you wake up in the city morgue with a tag on your toe having been beaten up into an unrecognizable pulp by some surfer...and DON'T make eye contact, it communicates an implied vulnerability.
No nuns, got it.
I used my own money and got a great deal, it's a Q47NR five day fare, which means that I have to change planes in Dallas and stay over a Saturday.
What??
I already bought a ticket.
Honey I know it's fun to think about these things but....
I think that if I'm old enough to accept a new baby, and if I'm old enough to accept a new room, I'm old enough to go to California.
Of course.
You were just having a fight about me. Wouldn't you like to hear my opinion?
Oh yes, lovely funeral, Gernaldi brothers did a beautiful job, lots of pink roses...I used the white hearse. Hey, how about this flowered wallpaper for your room?
Was it a nice funeral?
She was talented, but honey I wish I could help you a little more, it's just that your mother and I had kind of a whirlwind courtship, she came to town with this traveling theater group, I proposed on our second date, two weeks later we were married and almost nine months later you were here and she was gone.
Well, I kinda just blurted it out over a root beer float.
Oh, is there anything else you remember, how did you propose? Was it romantic?
Okay, we need wallpaper paste.  Hey Cece!
There's still a big spot on the floor.
Her favorite poet.
The Collected Works of Alfred Biedermeyer
Honey, ahh, guys don't wanna appear over anxious, so if you think there's a boy that might like you, let him know that you like him, so he won't feel he's taking such a risk when he's thinking of asking you out.
So you're saying...What are you saying??
It's just a question, it's not about anybody.
What boy likes you?
Dad, when a boy likes you, does he pretend that he doesn't like you? And if he pretends that he doesn't like you how can you tell that he likes you?
Great.
Seriously.
Seriously?
Dad I'm kidding, you can have the room.
Oh yeah, right-between the power mower and the weed killer.
Don't do that, you've got the whole garage.
Hey, why don't you just keep your room and we'll put the baby in the back yard.
Maybe I should just move to China. One kid per family, that way you don't lose your room.
Honey that's very mature, I'm proud of you Vada.
No it's okay, I understand, really.
Ahh, strike, not, not bad at all. No, this talk isn't about sex, it's, well there've been a lot of changes, and I know you're upset about losing your room, but the baby's gotta go somewhere.
I figured you did.
She told me too, I mean, she told me she told you about sex, I personally new about sex long before I met Shelly.
Shelly's already told me all about sex.
No, I just thought it'd be nice if the two of us had an evening out so we could... talk.
You're passing up Archie Bunker to go bowling, you've gotta have an angle.
Me? What makes you think there's something on my mind?
So, what's on your mind?
Well you know what I mean.
Visualize a spare?
Okay thanks, atta girl.
Okay, no problem.
Well not far, just down the hall. Plus Grammoo's room's a lot bigger, and you get a view of the whole neighborhood.
You want me to move?
Well the thing is your room is right next door to ours, and so we thought, well, I thought, if you were willing we might move you to Grammoo's room, and use your old room for the nursery. See we're gonna be up half the night with a newborn and there'll be a lot of noise....
Do what?
I don't know if I can picture Uncle Phil body surfing.
I got a card from your Uncle Phil in Los Angeles today, said he went body surfing.
Dad, I'm trying.  The chairs, they won't scrunch.
Vada, try to scrunch these chairs together a little more.
Maybe he's hungry.
Maybe he's wet?
I was pushing as fast as I could.
I'm sorry I couldn't come pick you up honey.
Phil's moving to LA, Grammoo's passing, the baby being born, Vada's report, I think...
Reason? What reason?
I really think we're going overboard for just a simple school assignment.
Oh come on Harry, we're talking about five days here.
Yeah and they forgot to ask for one who wasn't having hormone surges.
You're being narrow-minded.
Disaster, disaster lurks behind every  palm tree.
She is not a child Harry, she is a young woman, she's on the brink of...
She can spread her wings, right here in Pennsylvania. You don't send a child alone to Los Angeles, she could come back with her ears pierced, her legs shaved and God knows what else.
Ah, well, I bought her this huge pumpkin for Halloween, but she couldn't bear to carve it so she saved it for weeks, and it ended up under the Christmas tree.
No.
I told you about the pumpkin didn't I?
And some taco chips so I can dunk.
How about a nice glass of milk?
Never heard of him. 
Yes I know, it runs in the family.  New book?
Well if there was an article about it I'm sure she did. She was always reading.
Listen, if a boy wants to do homework with you, it really means he didn't have nerve to ask you out on a date, so you'll get your homework together and pretend to be studying, and the next thing you know you're ordering pizza and talking about your favorite movie stars.
Oh, Shell, that's ridiculous, where are my needle nosed pliers?
Look we react to every kick this baby gives, maybe Vada's trying to tell us something too.
Oh, she's fine, she'll love her new room.
Vada I wanna ask you a favor, remember you can absolutely say no if you want to.
I don't know if I want to.
Then I'll throw up a little bit.
Well you should at least try a little bit.
If I eat it I'll throw up.
Hey you're not eating your meatloaf.
They sure did! They got kicked out of school, they married truck drivers...these are my mother's greatest accomplishments? I'm sure glad I came all the way out here to find them out.
Oh honey, back then...people did crazy things.
Are you saying my mother had another husband?
Ummmmm, look, I...I...
What're you saying?
Oh.  Ohhh?
His name's Harry Sultenfuss.
I remember Maggie...and your Dad too, you know we used to all pile into his old 54 Ford pickup. &quot;Chuck the Truck&quot; we used to call it.
Thanks.
I'm sorry, it's just...I've been taking all these seminars to get in touch with my feelings and...sometimes it gets out of hand.
It's okay really, I was just a baby.
Maggie Muldovan? Did you...know her?
Are you the Hillary Mitchell who went to school with Maggie Muldovan?
She didn't wanna miss out on anything...especially motherhood...it got to be a real problem with us.
oh.
Maggie wanted to have a baby...and...umm...I didn't.
Honey I'd be proud to be your father, really. It just isn't so.
Well...
Wait...woah...woah...wait a minute...Do you think I'm your father?
I guess what I mean is, my mother married my dad after you...and then I was born, so I thought that...maybe you got divorced because of me.
I'd say you turned out just fine.
I thought that...umm...maybe you'd be curious about how I turned out.
Well I didn't know about you until after she was gone.
Umm...didn't you ever wonder about me?
It's good to see Maggie again...and you.
More than anything in the world.
Would you like...eh...to have these movies?
We performed on the beach one summer...ha...everything went wrong.
She's beautiful.
I've got something better.
Do you have any pictures if her?
Well, we didn't have a camera...so she just wrote the date on the bag and said, &quot;This will be out wedding album, this will be a day we will never forget.&quot; We never did.
And she saved it.
I'll try.
I don't know very much about her...I was hoping that you could help me.
Yeah like, switching a lamp on and off when she was talking about lightning...audiences love stuff like that. And your mom knew how to work an audience.
Special effects?
That's all right, you know what? You sound just sounded just like your mother...she told great stories. Stories with crazy accents and...special effects.
I told you it was a long story.

Oh she's great...she's a little crazy though. Anyway, Hillary said that you had a black Ford truck and this policeman I know got in touch with Motor Vehicles and...he gave me your address and here I am.
Hillary Mitchell? How's she?
We have this school assignment to write about someone we never met and I chose my mother. She was born in Los Angeles and since my uncle Phil moved out here I came in to visit him and then I looked at her high school yearbook and...  and I called a few people and one guy said that she went to UCLA, another guy said that I should call Hillary Mitchell so....
Yeah, come on, let's talk.
You are?
I'm glad you're here.
Does she?
Bye.  She looks a little like me when I was a little girl.
I'd like to, thanks.
Umm...can you come in for a minute?
You mean, you knew about me?
I was hoping I'd get to meet you.
Maggie...Maggie's little girl.
I am Vada Margaret Sultenfuss. My mother was...
Sure am, who are you?
Well actually I was born in Siberia and then they shot her and sent me home to my Dad.
So she had you in jail, in Russia?
Well...I'm not supposed to talk about it, but since I'm gonna write about it I might as well tell you. She was a spy against the Russians.
Then what did she do?
ehh...I don't know I mean....
Hi, wanna help me pick out wallpaper for my new room tomorrow?
Hi.
I don't know. And I don't care, Kevin's a jerk and I don't like him anymore. He's all yours!
That's ridiculous, so, if you really can't stand someone, then you pretend that you're really crazy about them?
Boys always pretend they hate you when they really like you.
Likes me? He said I looked like a grasshopper.
He likes you.
What's the matter?
Oh God, he's coming over here, act natural, totally natural.
See you? He can smell you from there.
It's Kevin, I don't want him to see me.
What are you staring at?
Neither can mine. She's dead. It's Shelly who's pregnant.
My mother can't have any more kids.
You should be here when they bring in a body that's been dead for a couple of days, and they haven't found it yet, 'cause it was in an apartment, and no-one came to visit, or floating in a river, and then the body starts turning this weird shade of green, you know, like watery pea soup? The arms and legs deteriorate first, the body looks like a raisin with four fat legs. Anyway, this is why I'm seriously considering cremation. Judy??
I know that.
It's just a corpse.
That's okay.
Come on in!
Hi.
That's simple. She was pregnant with me...when she went to Russia and she didn't know...and then when the Russians found out, they waited to shoot her 'cause you're not allowed to kill pregnant women anywhere in the world.
All right, so when did she have you between all her acting and spying and getting caught?
No, not here in Pennsylvania, she went to Russia undercover with her acting troupe and got a lot of highly sensitive secret plans sent back. Just when she was about to go home, she got caught, and they killed her.
Oh please, who do you think you're kidding? And where did she spy on the Russians from, here in Pennsylvania??
No-one invented gravity, it just exists.
You're crazy, what was her big achievement? Did she invent gravity?
But I wanna write about her.
Vada, he was giving you an easy out so you wouldn't have to write about your mother.
Well if it isn't Vada, the grasshopper girl.
It's okay with me, hi Kevin.
Is it okay if I drink this?
Rose.
I'm Sam Helburn. Sam.
I guess you have.
Then I have come to the right place.
Well Enrique is great and...we are the best.
Ehh...I'm staying at the chateau and the guy who runs the garage there said that you're the best Jag people in town...so uhm.
What can I do for you?
Hi.
Hello.
Are you Jeffrey Pommeroy?
Hi there...can I help you?
You're Alfred Beidermeyer aren't you?
If you're selling Girl Scout cookies I'm borderline diabetic.
He's writing. Hello?
Happy hunting.
O.K. Thank you very much.
If it's in here at all, it's in the back two rows.
It's no problem, I had a mother once myself.
This is really very nice of you.
I'm sure she did. 
Thanks, but I think I'm gonna stick to my mom, she led a fascinating life too.
You know I've been re-reading Virginia Woolf, I think she'd be a natural for you, she led a fascinating life.
Great, I have so much to say, I hardly know where to start.
Hey Vada. How's your report coming?
I never met my mother.
Your mother?
My mother.
Vada what about you, who have you come up with?
The poem is really about attitude. It's about not giving up and...it's easy to be overwhelmed sometimes but...that's when we should...force ourselves to push on.
Vada?
You think this is easy for me? You go out on the town and I get to be the bad guy. Look I don't want you to be some punk hoodlum delinquent but I can't do my job as a parent if you don't do your job as a kid.
MOM!
Make that sixty and I'm docking your allowance for two weeks.
You're over reacting!
You're grounded 'till you're fifty!
You're so clever.
If the fruit burst into flames I'll be prepared.
I won't.
Don't wake up Vada.
I want juice!
There's water in your bathroom.
I...ahhh...umm...I'm thirsty.
Nicholas! What are you doing up?
What ever happened to a good old-fashioned favor huh?
But we made a business deal.
Give it back Nicholas!
Thanks
Good-bye, look in your backpack.
I'll write you ten poems.  Bye.
No?

Write me a poem?
Part adventure...part miracle.
An adventure?
I wouldn't say it was terrible...it was...kind of...
You mean...it wasn't that terrible?
Some sacrifices are worth it.
...umm...Listen, I'm sorry...you had to sacrifice your entire vacation.
You better ace it...you sacrificed our whole vacation.
And I'm gonna use the movies when I give my report. Jeffrey says audiences love special effects.
This has been a real confusing day.
Yeah?
Nick?
That thing you said about your nose...it was a stranger's nose...well it's not...it's...I mean...it's yours...you know?
Maybe this Jeffrey guy is...is my real father. I mean...look at me, I have the hair of a dead person and...and my nose, no one in my family has this nose, it could be the nose of...a...of a complete stranger,
Like what?
Maybe not...but maybe it does. If no one told me about this, I mean...maybe they're trying to hide something.
He's an undertaker.
No, but sometimes he drives a hearse.
No...it was me. And I'm sorry mom, really, ju...just tell me what to do, I'll do anything.
It's not his fault!
I already did, it's a totally barbaric custom...but on you, it looks good.
Marriage can really complicate things. So, aren't you gonna say anything about my earrings?
Good. I mean...
Oh no, we wouldn't be from the same bloodlines or anything. We'd be like two total strangers who...accidentally had relatives that got married.
But we wouldn't really be related right?
Yeah I guess...sort of.
And you'd be my cousin?
Right.
This is a totally barbaric custom.
Hey look!
Really?
What do you think?
What's he smoking?
Big deal.
That's 'cause I was cursed with the Sultenfuss Bear Claws.  My hands fit.
I'm afraid your feet won't fit in there.
My mother stood on this very spot.
Here's Judy Garland!
Montgomery Clift, wait 'till I tell Shelly.
Never heard of her.
Jerk! You IDIOT!!!
You mean,  this ring?
Leave me alone!!
It's dangerous!!
Oh no?!?!?!
What are you doing? You can't go in there!
Owh...
Where are you going???
It was an accident, I'll get you a new one.
In the tar??
...I dropped it.
What do you mean &quot;Uh Oh&quot;???
Uh oh...
DON'T!!!
Woah, watch it!
DON'T, come on!!!
Just come and get it...right here!
Just give it to me!!
Come and get it.
Give it to me!
Hey relax, I'm not gonna break it.
I want it back now. I never should have taken it off, I want it back.
I'm not gonna break it, I just wanna see it change colors.
Don't force it, you'll break it.
Maybe it'll fit my pinkie.
ehh...Okay...but be careful, it has a lot of sentimental value.
Let me see if it changes colors on me.
Well, I hope he's not watching me all the time.
Do you think your friend's up in Heaven now, looking down on you and watching you all the time?
Well he was a boy, he was my friend...he was my best friend. When we were kids we were gonna...move out here and move to the Brady Bunch.
Boyfriend?
Well, it doesn't open cans or anything but it...it's sort of a reminder of a friend of mine.
Does it work?
This isn't just a mood ring.
Hey what do I care...I mean, consider the sorts, a chick from Pennsylvania, who wears a mood ring.
Oh, no wait, I like that you bought me here.
You are weird. Let's just go.
And I thought I was weird.
Look at it this way, however bad I feel, it isn't as bad as becoming extinct in a bottomless pit of tar.
At least it gives you plenty of exercise.
If he has a heart attack you're carrying the body down yourself.
He is one of the great poets.
Boy, you're really into this.
May I use the phone please.
Just call us the &quot;dead end kids&quot;.
You'd rather have a mother that's a member of the police state? Rules are made to be broken.  Just ask him.
You would.
I think it's cool.
This'll be great in my report, my mother was suspended for smoking.
Care for a smoke?
Who are you? Hitler's hall monitor?
You ratted on my mother??
Umm, I'm trying to find out her greatest achievement.
You saved a lot of lives, you should be very proud.
Why do you argue with everything I say?
What if you don't wanna be found?
I don't think anybody should change their names, that way you can always find them when you need them.
What, you think the guy should change his name?
Change my name.
Get married?
I'd never do that.
Don't forget, the girls change their names if they got married.
I love the fragrance of chilidogs.
It's the leather bindings, I love the fragrance of vintage books.
Yearbooks always set you out for disappointment, I want mine to say: Nick probably won't amount to much, so don't be surprised if you never hear anything about him again. Can we go?...It smells like someone left their gym bag in here.
Look, here she is. Margaret Ann Muldovan - Newspaper, Literary magazine, French Club, Drama Club, Debate Club, Girls Basketball and Swim team.  With Maggie's combo of good looks and talent, we're sure to be seeing her name in lights. She was gonna be famous.
Oh my gosh, here it is!
A big difference, if someone found it we should keep looking, if they didn't we're just wasting our time.
What difference does it make?
I never did understand that story, did someone find the needle or not?
Just remember the needle in the haystack.
I don't mean to alarm you, but I'm getting a nose bleed from the altitude.
Calm down! We just have to ask ourselves, where your books come from.
WHAT??
Vada.
It's not funny! I mean what am I gonna do? Without that yearbook I'm lost. I can't just walk around town looking for someone with a Wilson High School Letter sweater!!!
They obviously have no sense of historical perspective either.
Excuse me, pardon, thank you, excuse me.
Getting off please.
Well look, I know that all you care about is your precious mini-bike. It's obvious you have no sense of historical perspective, I think we're here.
I didn't ask for the money, Phil just gave it to me.
I wasn't eavesdropping, I was overhearing.
You know eavesdropping is a very unattractive habit.
I got it all figured out, I know she went to Wilson High School, so first thing tomorrow, I'm gonna go there and get a copy of her yearbook. That way I can get the names of all the people she was in clubs with and found out who her friends were.
And you're gonna solve the mystery?
My parents had a brief, but intensely fulfilling relationship. She's remained a woman of mystery to this day.
TAXI!!!
I don't need you to be telling me to...
Yeah, RIGHT.
He said it was a gift.
No THANKS!
Thanks....
Phil, I think you should consider... fades as Vada walks off
You're a good man Nicholas.
No problem.
Well I know you're not crazy about taking Vada around tomorrow, so...I just want you to know I appreciate it though.
Wow!
For the mini-bike fund.
What's it for?
Ten bucks.
What's that?
I'd consider it a personal favor.
Muh??
Rose this not the place to be having this...
I don't think the color of the interior is....
You stay out of this, look, if I had a red XK-150 with a black interior, I sure as hell wouldn't be handing out relationship advice.
And you certainly shouldn't settle for anything less that you deserve.
Well, wha...what kind of arrangement?
Who cares? Rose, tell him we have an arrangement.
I'm not a Podiatrist, I'm a Cardiologist.
Okay, that does it, that does it, the strudel does it, first it's brakes then.... I mean I am not gonna let some Podiatrist with a Jaguar full of strudel come waltzing in here and....
Oh what can I say Phil, it's just that I feel so welcome here.
Doctor Helburn, what a surprise. In the last couple of days we've changed your oil, realigned your brakes, balanced and rotated your tires, aligned your front end, and flushed out your entire cooling system, I really didn't expect to be seeing you for another three thousand miles.
Was Rose.
Well Rose was being very thorough.
Sounds great, well you give 'em both one of these for me.
Dad already gave me this lecture. He's gonna meet me at the airport, then we'll go for some pizza, then we'll have dinner in bed with Shelly.
No, you're the best and I don't want you talking to anybody on the plane.
Okay.
Okay...take your time...I'll...I'll go for a walk around.
I should do this myself.
You want me to come with?
Well, I've come this far...the least I can do is knock on the door.
This is it I guess.
A secret, I like that.
Then again, your dad's got his own memories and he's got his own life now...I think this is a secret just between you and your mom.
Maybe.
I don't know, he's got an awful lot on his mind right now.
Do you think I should tell my dad about Jeffrey Pommeroy?
Then we'll keep driving...you'll decide.
I'd like to see his house but...I don't know if I'd have the nerve to just go up and knock on his door. I don't think I can go through with it.
How's this for a solution. We'll take a drive over to his place, you can introduce yourself....
I feel like before I can talk to him I have to see his face.
Don't worry, I'll do it in my own subtle way.
Uhh sweetie, I wou... I wou...I wou...
Bye.
Lock the door.
I'll do better than that. I'll send you off with your own private guide.
I had to be, I only have five days. So just point me in the right direction and....
Vada, I know that traditionally you're not supposed to do a lot of these things before you're officially married...but these are very, very special circumstances.
Well then that's not exactly dating is it.
Yes, it does.
So does that mean that you sleep here every night?
Committed.
Committed?
That's ridiculous, I'm...I'm very, umm, what do you call it?
Sounds like you have a fear of commitment, Uncle Phil.
Dating, seriously dating. You're thirsty, want something to drink? Sure you do, it's been a long trip.
But...are you engaged or something?
Ahh, that's right, like one big happy family. This is Nick's room and uhh....
She lives here too?
Uh huh, well...good to know. Phil hands Nick a               5 note
He was very polite, worth the entire five dollars.
How about Nick? Did he take good care of you?
They're great.
Vada!! Vada runs and jumps into Phil's arms Look at you, oh hi, hi, hi!! How are you? You look great, how's Shelly? Your dad?
Is that a yes?
You really think I look sexy in this smock?
You like the way I cook...you think I make out a great invoice.  PHIL You and Nick and...and this...this garage are my whole life...I love you. Sure you don't have the greatest taste in music...but there's not another woman who could look so sexy in that smock. What I'm try... what I'm trying to sa...
You know how I feel about you.
I think this place is just fine.
I don't want anything you don't wanna give me.
You know exactly...what kind it is. Come on Rose...what do you want from me?
Yes, what kind of arrangement? I'd be very interested to know what kind of an arrangement we have.
No, that's not a date, a date is when I don't cook.
Wha...what do you mean? We have a date every night.
I'm saying he asked me out for coffee, like a real date, when was the last time you did that?
Wait, are you saying that I don't appreciate?
You know where the fire extinguisher is.
There's plenty of fruit.
We may go out for coffee after the meeting so don't expect us before midnight.
Anyone with taste, anyone with breeding.... A gentleman, would choose British racing green, with maybe a tan interior...but when you buy a red car, with a black interior and wire wheels, you have one thing on your mind and one thing only and I'm too much of a gentleman to say what that one thing is...in front of the children.
Oh, yeah, sure, help yourself.
Oh, Hi, how's the investigation going?
Hi!
Right now? An intimate border with...mechanical skills.
Oh...what's that?
God? No I didn't think you'd want to invoke God Rose, because he saw even more than I did. ROSE Look Phil, if you want the rights of a husband, you're gonna have to ask me something but if not, you're gonna have to get accustomed to the rights of what you are.
Phil for God sake.
He was caressing.
He wasn't touching me he was just...gesturing...
What's with the touching, why was he touching you?
Oh I see, 'cause usually that doesn't require such a lengthy consultation.
No, there's no problem, Dr. Helburn just needs to have his oil changed.
Sounds like you're very organized.
Then you'll be all set.
Come on...I'll show you where you're gonna stay.
Yeah, well he left out a couple of steps, ah look, I've gotta get back to these bills, Phil will you help Vada get settled?
Who knew that when I started working in the finest foreign car shop in LA, I would also find the light of my life.
Bye Niece, Vada.
Bye Aunt Rose.
Yeah...right, it's pointless to worry.
She'll be all right baby.
Shelly's sick...I have to get to the bottom of this whole thing and get back there.
Well just don't shave your legs...he'll never let you visit us again if I send you home hairless and full of holes.
Not exactly.
Go to your room.  And you...I don't suppose your father gave you permission to pierce your ears, did he?
All right, well get to bed early and don't let anybody in. Bye.
I'm just tired.
What, did you think he was raised by a pack of wolves? Don't be misled by the haircut.
You're Nick's mother?
I'll see you then...I look forward to it.
Oh, sure okay.
Ahh, why don't I come in first thing in the morning and you can check out that left blinker for me.
Hungarian. Famous for their beautiful music...and beautiful women.
Lizt was my parents' favorite, they were Hungarian.
All right, so you don't like jewelry but...eh...you do like...eh...good music. Liszt, one of my favorites.
Oh, well, I don't wear a lot of jewelry.
Where I come from, involvement...generally calls for a substantial piece of jewelry.
Let's just say I...eh...I'm involved.
Sort of?
Well I'm sort of involved.
You couldn't?
Oh no, I, I...eh...I couldn't.
Well, even without anesthesia I always tell my patients to...eh... to relax.
Well let's just say you're lucky you deal with children who are under anesthesia.
Something wrong?
Well maybe for you.
Good morning.
I'll be here.
Ahh, Dr. Helburn, why don't you come in tomorrow-morning at eight o'clock, that's when we open, we'll get you started.
...so I guess I'll always...teach...you know...'cause it makes a good relief from the operating-room, I feel I have an obligation...
Yes, I do.
...It's all in the hands really. You know you have nice hands, you operate?
Mostly...little babies, but...not exclusively.
Oh, you mean you...fix the hearts...of little babies?
I'm a pediatric cardiologist.
Oh, are you a hairdresser?
I was commenting on your hair.
Excuse me?
Oh, ahh, oil change, I...ehh...I just drove in from Chicago and uhh...nice hair.
I mean...with your car.
Nothing, nothing at all.
So what's wrong?
O.K.
Let me hold him.
You have no idea.
Did it hurt a lot?
I know, look at his little hands.
He's so tiny.
Hey! Oh look.
Shelly?
You leave your father to me.
But Dad'll never go for it.
It would be fantastic.
Yeah, it would be kinda great.
Oh, but I'm not due to have the baby for another six weeks or so.
But what about you and the baby? You need me.
How would you like to go visit your Uncle Phil in Los Angeles...next week during your spring vacation, you could do research on your mom.
What do you mean?
Why not now?
I'm definitely traveling some day.
Well you've gotta be prepared.
I wonder why she got a passport if she never went anywhere.
Uncle Phil just needed a change, a little adventure.
Is that why Uncle Phil moved there?
No. You know they say, that it never rains, that you can barbecue on Christmas day...instead of riding your bike, you just surf over to your friends house. Oh, and the place is just crawling with celebrities. I know someone who saw Walter Matthau picking up his dry-cleaning.
Margaret's my middle name, but everybody called her Maggie. Los Angeles, have you ever been there?
Oh Vada she's so beautiful.
This is one of my favorite things, her passport.
Well, it must mean something. She was obviously very sentimental.
I don't know, Dad doesn't either.
What's this? December 8th, 1958?
Did she mention any contests that she won? I mean she must have had some awards, she was so talented and all.
Mmmmmm. Root beer float that sounds good.
Oh no.
Then Grammoo said on Christmas Eve, there was this sickening smell permeating the entire house.
You're telling me.
I know, I guess it's just sort of preparing you for the rest of your life. It's not easy being a woman.
Why do they call them training bra's? It's not like learning to ride a bike.
Oh, I was a very late developer, they used to call me &quot;Shelly Two Backs&quot;. All my friends had real bra's, not like the training ones I had.
When did you umm, I mean umm...
No, the milk comes when the baby comes.
Is there milk in them already?
They're enormous, I know.
I bet your mom sang to you.
Assuming the baby's a &quot;Supremes&quot; fan.
This is the street he walks down every day. When he needs inspiration...
I would have tried to show her a good time. I promised her when she left that I would never forget her and I never did. Stanley Rosenfeld does not forget.
Well, thanks for your help Mr. Rosenfeld and I'm sorry my mother wouldn't go out with you, I'm sure she would have had a really great time.
No it doesn't but... I...I wish it did.
He'll remember my mother for sure.  STANLEY It was a big class Vada and...but...well of course he'll remember, who could forget Maggie?
Everybody did, walk along Citrus between Fountain and Sunset any afternoon.
Do you know him?
He is?
He's a great poet.
Beidermeyer that's it, what a mad man.
Beidermeyer?
Who didn't? She could play basketball like Jerry West, she danced like Sid Cherice, then she'd look at you with those big blue eyes, forget about it. I asked her out a couple of times but she always said no.
Really?
No, I gotta go to the cemetery, keep your head up. Don't look at the ball, look at me.
Wanna play?
I like to buy off all the railroads.
Once you put the hotels on board walk and Park Place he puts a shoe in your way.
Good for you baby.
I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday.
Vada!!
Arthur!!
Well, sometimes when we get 'em, they're not completely dead, you know, like when they cut a chickens head off and it still runs around crazy.
Of what??
All right, here.
You're such a baby.
How do I know you were gonna show us one?
Hey, you didn't pay me!
Leave him alone! Come on, let's go.
Yeah, to play with his DOLLS.
Oh really, okay fine look, go cook,  Gimme the goddam keys.
It's her home! It's where she lives!!
Oh.. Oh.. Oh no?? Oh?
This guy bonking you?
Okay, I know you've suffered a terrible loss, and there's really nothing anyone can do to comfort you, but I urge you to focus on the times you had with the camper, the trips you took, the sights you saw, those days are gone now, but they'll live on in your heart forever.
WHAT?
Danny?
Can't stay, I'm just here because my wife.....
Uhh, it's nice to meet ya. Uhh, we got burgers and hot dogs here if you'd care to join us?
My __EX__ wife seems to have ripped off my camper.
Ex...ex, ex...
Vada Sultenfuss?? Tough break.
This is Harry, Phil, Grammoo and Vada Sultenfuss...
Yeah, all right...
God I guess i'll have to introduce you now.
I'm impressed.
The boss is watching us...
What?
Keep your voice down!
Excuse me, MUTUAL ASSET, that's what the lawyer said, it's supposed to be &quot;OUR MUTUAL ASSET&quot;, not &quot;Shelly's recreational vehicle&quot;. Gimme the keys.
I've been living in it for over a year, the camper is mine.
You told everybody where you were going, I'm here for the motor home.
Hi Ralph. Oh Danny, how'd you find me here?
What am I doing here????? What am I doing here?
The bee stings! I can't breathe!
What Hurts Vada?
It hurts, it hurts so bad, make it stop.
Oh, wait relax now, let me look, let me look, come up here and we'll have a look.
I can't breathe, I'm suffocating.
Vada, what's wrong sweetheart?
Dr. Welty!!!? Dr. Welty??
Vada there is no chicken bone stuck in your throat.
It's there.
No.
Can't you see it?
Vada you've gotta stop this, there's absolutely nothing wrong with you!
Yes.
Sweetheart, did they bring Mr. Layton to your house today?
That can't be, I have all the classic symptoms.
You are perfectly healthy.
I'm not asking you to stop feeling for those people. But life isn't just death Harry, don't ignore the living, especially your daughter.
Yeah, and when those suppers are disrupted because there's a car crash, or there's a fire, or a little boy steps on a beehive.
Stop hiding Harry, you run Harry. When I first came here, the idea of working with dead people, didn't exactly thrill me, but when I saw a family lived here, I thought, &quot;if I'm living without a family, at least I can work with one, and maybe once in a while i'll be invited in for supper.&quot;
I know that, but what do you want from me?
Open your eyes, she's eleven years old! Her only friend in the world is dead.
I don't know which ball's mine.
Perfect.
Watch you don't knock out a fish.
I would never marry anybody I didn't love.
Did you ahh, love him?
Pointing upwards Look...
Yep, there they are... They always look the same every year...
You can get the general idea...
Can we see it from the back yard?
Is it really your camper?
Well, you were pretty great!
Look, you're not gonna take Shelly's camper.
Danny that's a real _bonehead_ thing to say!
Honestly Harry, he got the mustang, I promise.....
Shelly?
I'll second that.
Rub a dub dub, thanks for the grub, yay God.
Okay.
How's it going chef?
Really?
You know this is gonna be my first 4th of July picnic in a long time.
I'm looking forward to that.
It's for Shelly's famous potato salad.
Not at all. Lot of potatoes!
Yeah, me too, mind if I tag along?
I'm just picking some things up for the barbecue.
Goodnight.
I'm tired of bingo, maybe we should try that drive in of yours.
Goodnight.
Goodnight Shelly.
It's only eight o'clock.
I ahh, better go.
Good.
Yes.
Kiss me.
Want to what?
Do you want to?
Old Spice, Phil says it's a timeless classic.
What are you wearing?
At Widdman High I was considered a pretty hot date, I did a killer frugue.
See, you're not that out of touch.  You're good.
Rock?
In ages, I know, me neither.
I haven't danced in.....
Is there enough room?
This is where we are.
Here?
Dance with me?
I brought the baby into the room a couple of times, she opened her eyes, yeah, yeah I think she saw Vada. It was.....
Did she ever see Vada?
Ahh, complications during child birth, she died two days after Vada was born.
What happened to her?
Oh, that was Phil, trying to give me advice on dating 70's women. Look I'm so out of touch, I haven't dated women in ages, not since my wife died.
I don't know, tonight you just seemed a little cool, not opening car doors and...
No, why?
Are you mad at me?
Yeah.
You can look in the bathroom if you want. People are always curious about that, like what happens when you flush.
Well it certainly looks bigger that it seems.
I did it myself. I read a magazine article about how to maximize small spaces.
It's nice.
Home sweet home.
Okay, sure.
Would you like to come in and see my house? Just for a minute.
I haven't had a bingo partner in ages.
I had a good time tonight.
You can be in a room with 100 men, and not like any of them, or you can be in a room with just one man, and he's exactly the one you want.
Oh, how do you mean?
Kinda like men.
Look, it's not always luck, I mean, depending upon the placement of the numbers, a guy with 10 cards could win just as easily as a guy with 100.
Oh, I'm just not lucky Harry.
Why d'you think these seats were empty.
I'm gonna be putting makeup on some of these people very soon.
What's that?
I just had a terrible thought Harry.
No. Just, more activity.
Does it make it easier to win?
Okay.
I do enjoy playing bingo, if you'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you're welcome to.
I love going to movies, especially at the drive in. I don't think there's anything more romantic than going to the drive in.  I'll let you get back to work.
I haven't been to the movies in AGES.
You have to learn how to take a complement.  Movies, movies, ahhhh, &quot;Love Story&quot; at the drive in, I cried my eyes out, did you see it?
It's no big deal.
In lieu... &quot;instead&quot;.... No contest.
I prefer it to &quot;instead&quot;, it has more dignity.
Oh it's good, &quot;In lieu of&quot; I love that word lieu.
No kidding?
I wrote that.
Oh right, right, . Bader Lorenzo Died June 22 1972 Devoted husband to Nicolette. Cherished father of Babritzio and Heidi, In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the holy names society.
Oh, I'm just typing up a funeral notice, you know when someone dies people want it in the paper usually, it's a service we provide for the family.
Nothing, I was just wondering what you were doing.
Oh Hi, what can I do for you?
Hi.
I'm sure she will.
After my wife died, Grammoo moved in here to help take care of Vada. They were very close, but lately as her mind's been wandering more and more, Vada's been acting kinda crazy. I'm sure she'll snap out of it though.
I shouldn't stick my nose in other people's business. It's just that I like Vada, very much.
Thanks, listen I wanna apologize for the other day downstairs, about Vada, I was a little harsh.
Excuse me Harry, I'm sorry, I just wanna let you know that the flowers were delivered. And the room's all set up.
Can not do without, Harry's wild about me.
She's a perfectly happy eleven year old girl, look, don't give me any advice about my daughter, okay?
Harry, I really think she.....
She was raised in a funeral home, she knows a thing or two about it.
I don't think so, I think she's confused about death.
Oh that, she just likes to play.
Well the other night at dinner...
What do you mean??
Harry?  I was just wondering, if there is anything wrong with Vada.
That wasn't an image. She WAS an old school Marm.  Fix it.
I just wanted to get past this &quot;old school Marm&quot; image.
She did. This photo was taken a month ago at the church food drive.
I think she looks nice! Her lips are very thin so I used the gloss to give them a more sensual quality, and her eyes just needed a little definition, and her hair, I'm sorry, nobody wears this hairdo anymore in 1972.
This was the Reverend Porter's wife, you have her looking like a two dollar hooker.
You don't like it?
Yeah.
Could you take a look at Mrs. Porter?
Uh huh?
I promise i'll take good care of these people, they deserve it, they're dead, all they've got left is their looks.
Great, you can start right away. Call me Harry. Now, umm, is this what you'd normally wear for work? Don't get me wrong, I like it, very much, but the....
Okay Mr. Sultenfuss, you got a deal.
You'd be doing hair and makeup and answering the phone.
Ohh, oh sure it's no big deal, you see all my former clients will eventually die, and all your clients used to be alive, so they have something in common.
Oh, You still want it? Even though uhh...
I need the job.
Pardon?
Excuse me, what about the job?
The add just said &quot;Makeup Artist&quot;
Deceased.
Stiffs??
Yes they are.
They're dead?
Uhh, Miss devoto, these people are already at ease. This is not a Beauty Parlor, it's a Funeral Parlor.
I have a wonderful disposition, I put people right at ease.
Uhh, Miss devoto...
I'm a licensed cosmetologist, I worked for two years, at the &quot;Dino Raphael&quot; Salon, all my customers cried when I told them I was leaving.
I think it's still available.
It's still available I hope?
That's good, memories are good sweetheart. Vada, I'm sorry; I was trying to keep it from you, I just couldn't. You're a good girl, and I want you to be happy; don't be an old grump like me.  Seeya in the morning.
I think every time I see a climbing tree i'll think of Thomas J.
Yes, I did, very much for a long time, and even now, I get a little sad when I think of a pretty flower or a sunset that your mother would have liked.
Do you miss her?
Uh huh. You know what your mother did when she found out she was gonna have you? She came home and painted this whole room pink. She was so sure she was gonna have a little girl.
Really?
She was pretty, and kind, she had your eyes. Oh boy did she love to laugh. Sometimes when you laugh, you sound just like her.
What was my mama like?
Ahh, that little Chevy was your mothers favorite car.
In the garage.
I forgot about that picture, where did you find it?
I found this.
No, no.
The bees killed Thomas J, and I killed my mother.
What??
Did I kill my mother?
Get away, get away!!
He's gone sweetheart. He's gone!
There were just too many of 'em.
He's okay isn't he?
He was allergic to bees.
Why not?
No sweetheart, you can't.
Maybe I should go over and yell at him.
I told him not to tease those bees. Did he get stung?
Vada, something happened to Thomas J last night, he stepped on a beehive.
He's getting big.  Vada, come here and sit down for a minute.
Yes.
Is that the fish you won at the carnival?
Feeding my fish.
What are you doing.
Hi.
Hi Vada.
I'll ride on the bumper cars with you!
I fall asleep at the wheel.
Not acknowledging Harry's comment You'll be okay little fish.
We're having the wedding sometime near the end of the summer.
I know, I know, let's go on the &quot;sit on the bench and rest&quot; ride.
I like the freak show.
Hey guess what? We're going to the carnival tonight, be ready to go in 10 minutes.
Yes..
In a minute, look it's hot, sweetie you'll burn your nose, look out.
When??
Soon honey, soon.
When?
No, sweetie, not yet.
Are they ready yet?
Ahh, Vada, just put anything you want in the cart, anything at all.  I don't know what's gotten into her today.
Dad, didn't you say you needed prunes REAL bad?
Sorry.
HEY, OUCH, damn it!! Vada, watch what you're doing.
Naah, I think you'd better stay here and keep Grammoo company.
Can I go too?
She likes to play bingo.
Why?
Well Shelly's coming over, we're gonna go together.
You never cared before.
Ahh, I just wanna look nice.
Dad, why are you dressed up to go to bingo?
Goodnight Vada.
Ahh, maybe next summer.
The money?
What?
Dad??
I love this guy! 
Dad?
Last month you wanted to play the violin. Then you wanted to be a ventriloquist.
Shelly thinks I'd be a good writer.
Any more soda left?
It's for school, for summer writing class.
That's a lot of money for a little girl.
Daddy, can I have thirty five dollars?
Then who's it for?
Of course not.
Is it for a child?
They come in all sizes honey, just like shoes.
Daddy, how come that coffin's so small?
I'm embalming my high school teacher, don't sing.  All right Arthur, just a slide of the needle..... 
Dad?
VADA!
Hand me the canula.
Cruella deville stole all the puppies, she was gonna make a fur out of 'em!
Vada, we're trying to work here.
Ya, that rack holds six ties.
Daddy guess what I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday.
Vada, just put 'em on the stool.
Ahem.
O.K. Sweetie, hand me the mayonnaise out of the fridge.
I was born jaundiced. Once I sat on a toilet seat at a Truck stop and caught hemorrhoids. And i've learned to live with this chicken Bone that's been lodged in my throat for the past three years, so I knew Dad would be devastated when he learned of my latest affliction.  Dad, I don't wanna upset you, but my left breast is developing at a significantly faster rate than my right. It can only mean one thing.  Cancer.  I'm dying.
Look if you think you know how, why don't you pre-measure the briquettes in little packages, put out a product, support me for a while!
No, no no....
That's what I do. Do you wanna do it??
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry, I told you to use fewer briquettes and now look what you've done. You've cremated them.
Like a Sultenfuss. Go get 'em.
No, she's just driving over here, then we're taking my car. How do I look?
Oh she's picking you up, good you're on the right track.
Oh, I'm running late. Shelly'll be here any minute.
Did you not tell Vada I'm a womanizer huh?
Are you sure about all this?
Harry, I'm serious, trust me Harry this woman's lifting us in, you gotta treat her like every Tom Dick and Harry.
Oh come on.
That's true. Harry Harry sit down, let me fill you in on today's women, since the last time you dated, something happened, &quot;The Sexual Revolution&quot;, now before that, you used to have to hold a door open for a woman, pull her chair out, pick up the check, no more no more, you wanna know what else is missing? BRAS!
The last date I had was twenty years ago.
Why?
I'm very nervous.
Oh yes, oh that's great.
Oh, you're dressing, uh huh, Harry Harry Harry Harry, don't you know it's not nice to lie to your big brother?
Nothing, I'm dressing.
Well well well, what's going on in here?
Bye.
Thank you. Bye.
Sure.
Will you tell her I came by?
Well maybe she'll feel better in a couple of days.
Oh, I'm Judy, I go to school with her, I wanted to tell her I'm sorry about Thomas J.
Yes she is, but she's very upset, so she's not seeing anyone.
Hi, is Vada home?
Hi.
Weeping willow with your tears running down, Why do you always weep and frown, Is it because he left you one day, Is it because he could not stay, On your branches he would swing, Do you long for the happiness that they would bring, He found shelter in your shade, He thought his laughter would never fade, Weeping willow stop your tears, There is something to calm your fears, You think death as if you forever part, But I know he'll always be in your heart.
We'd love to hear it.
I can't stay, I just came to read my poem.
Get away from me!
I...I was gonna bring her to class next week. I wanted to hear your poem. Oh Vada, please honey I cared for him too, Vada please! Vada, Vada sweetheart don't.....
No....
That's Suzanne.  She and I are gonna be married this Fall.
Who's that?
No he wouldn't, I can't go home.
Pause as he takes all this in I think your Dad would miss you.
I love you like my Dad loves Shelly. I wanna live here.
Oh, Vada...
Mr. Bixler,  I love you.
Come here, sit down over here.
Justin and Ronda say that I should tell people what I feel.
Okay, okay we don't have to talk about him, Vada, Vada we don't have to talk about him, it's okay. We won't talk about him all right?
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode.
Please.
I wrote a poem too.
Uhhh, va, uhh, Vada.
Vada, this is an adult writing class.
Uh huh, I wanna be a writer.
For this class?
I paid the money.
It's summer! You're kids! Go play!
No. Well, guess i'll go home and finish off War &amp; Peace.
Me, two hours a week, talking about poetry. This an interrogation Vada?
What do you get for that?
Thirty five dollars.
How much does it cost?
Well I'm gonna teach creative writing this summer, so, I'm doing some work.
How are you gonna get the money for this old house if you're not working?
Well, you never can tell...  I might get a pet. 
This is one big house for one single person.
Well I just bought it, now I'm fixing it up.
Mr. Bixler, how come you're painting this old house?
No wonder you're my prize pupil. What about you Thomas J?
Yes, and now I'm reading War &amp; Peace for fun.
Really? Already? The summer's just begun.
It's okay. Mr. Bixler, I finished all the books for summer reading.
Mademoiselle Sultenfuss and the amazing Dr. J! How's the summer treating you?
You know what I think? I think Vada's very lucky to have a friend like you.
Cause she gets scared of all those dead people in her house, and you know that saying, If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, well if she's one of them, she won't be as scared.
Why do you think she says that?
No.
Do you think she is?
Cause she's dying.
Oh yes, yes.
Cool, can I get one for Vada?
So you fill it with water like this, and what have you got? A water gun.
Well he wasn't one of the Marx brothers, but he made me laugh.
My Dad was funny?
Now when I see him with Shelly, sometimes he seems like the old Harry.
Really?
After your mother died, he was sad all the time, but before that, he was pretty funny.
Why?
Yes I do, and I think she's very good for your father.
Do you like her?
Probably.
Does he love her?
He likes her.
He must like Shelly, I never saw him hit anyone in his life.
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Okay, get in to bed.
I will I promise.
I'll tell you what, you dedicate your first book to me, and we'll forget about the whole thing.
I'll pay it back, besides, I don't think i'll ever go to class again.
It's okay sweetheart.
Believe me, some day, you'll feel differently.
I think it should be outlawed.
It's actually a very beautiful thing, and look there wouldn't have been a Vada.
My Mommy and Daddy did THAT?
It's okay, come on upstairs, we have to have a little talk.
I'm eleven and a half.
How old are you?
I don't want, I don't need your help....
What do you mean you're hemorrhaging?
I'm hemorrhaging.
Well he just left, what's wrong?
Where's Daddy?
Vada, Vada, what's the matter?
Daddy??!?!?!
Yes!!
NO!
NO!, He's fine.  Fish are very resilient animals you know. Don't worry, I won't get another fish.
Vada? Would you like us to get you another goldfish?
Oh great!!
I won, I won!!!
Well, I'm no doctor. All I know is, the next day they had really high fevers, and their faces got very fat. They baffled medical science, they were in a magazine.
Nephritis? It's a kidney disease, you don't get it from hot dogs.
I don't think that that roller coaster agreed with your bad stomach. You know Vada you have to watch what you eat here, I remember one time I went to a carnival with my cousins David and Frank, and they both ate hot dogs, and the next day they came down with nephritis.
Are you here to take Shelly back?
This is Danny and Ralph, they own the Dino Raphael salon in Detroit.  We used to be married.
I like my name.
See food!
Uh huh, why?
Hey Shelly, like seafood?
Hi.
Hey, I thought I recognized you two, hi Vada.
Aarrggh.
Ssshhhhh, I don't want them to see me.
Uh huh, i've been trying to get out to Hollywood for years to do makeup for all the stars, I haven't gotten there yet.  All right, open your eyes.
Do you like putting makeup on people?
They'll come around. Close your eyes, I wanna bring out the gorgeous color in them. The first rule in applying eye makeup, is you can never wear enough blue eye shadow.
The boys at school don't think I am.
Yes, Vada I think you're very pretty. You've got these great big sparkling eyes, the cutest little nose, an amazing mouth.
Shelly, do you think I'm pretty?
Come here, sit down.
No.
Have you ever tried any?
I think lipstick looks fake, no-ones lips are that color.
A girl's always gotta look her best.
So how come you're putting lipstick on?
No.
Are you going out somewhere?
Okay.
You don't have to wait, daddy'll be mad if you're late.
Sure.
Can I use your bathroom first?
Bye. Well Miss Vada, what d'you say we head back?
Well, sometimes married people just find out they can't live with each other.
Daddy said it's bad when people get divorced.
No, I'm divorced.
Are you married?
Mostly love, and romance.
What are they about?
Uh huh.
Did you read ALL these books?
Thomas?
I would.
Ohh, right. Would you like a soda?
Big Ringo fan.
Sure. I'll give you the royal tour.
Can we look around in your camper?
Hi.
Come on sweetie.
My ball, I lost my ball.
Vada? VADA?? What happened??
Well you don't know that. Ask him.
He won't give it to me.
I think you'd make a fine writer, did you ask your Dad?
Shut your big fat mouth!
I don't think so.  Shelly, how can I get thirty five dollars?
Maybe black means you're happy?
It's a mood ring, it tells what mood I'm in.
Ooh, that's a pretty ring you're wearing.
Chocolate?
He's allergic to everything.
I'm not upset. I will never play with those girls. I only surround myself with people who I find intellectually stimulating.
You know Vada, you shouldn't let those girls upset you.
I am.
Who's winning?
Oh.
She's shy.
That's really cool.
Yes it is.
Is that your camper?
Hey there's your Dad and Shelly.
Oh great!
Nothing in particular, just putting it away for a rainy day.
What are you saving for?
Well, I guess you found my secret hiding place.
They're just fun to read.
Eeeeuuuww, gross.
Liverpool?
I'm gonna drive us to Liverpool.
Uh huh.
Wow, this is the coolest thing, like you really eat and sleep here?
To chocolate?
I'm allergic to it.
Thomas J?
Well if you don't get to marry Mr. Bixler.
For what?
Would you think of me?
What?
Okay, seeya.  Vada?
Seeya tomorrow.
Okay.
Well, let's spit on it.
You better not either.
Just, hurry.
Umm, Ummmmm
Say something it's too quiet.
Okay on the count of three.
Okay, okay.
Just do it.
But then I won't be able to see anything.
Close your eyes.
Uh huh.  Okay, enough practice.
Like this?
Here, practice on your arm like this.
But, I don't know how.
Maybe we should, just to see what's the big deal.
No.
Uh huh.
Like they do on TV?
Have you ever kissed anyone?
Not true.
Yes it is, cause then he'll give you all A's and it won't be fair.
It is not.
You can't marry a teacher, it's against the law.
I'm gonna marry Mr. Bixler.
Well when you get older, you just have to.
Please, it's real hot, maybe we can go swimming?
I dunno..
Hi Vada, can you come out?
Oh, that's probably Thomas J, I don't wanna see him. It's not fair. Nothing happens to boys.
Okay, seeya.
No, I'm hiding out.
You can come to my house for dinner?
Leave then, some friend you are.
I have to anyway, my mom will be worried.
Then go home, baby.
I'm hungry, I can't last any longer.
He likes her better than me.
I do, she's real funny.
I don't like her.
So now you'll have a mother.
They're getting married?
You're such a retard, it was an engagement ring.
Wow, was it a decoder ring?
My Dad gave Shelly a ring.
Why are you running away?
I'm tired of running away. Besides, we past this place two times already. We're not getting nowhere.
Get up!?
Really?
No, you can't, they have enough kids, you'll have to live with the Partridge Family.
I wanna live with them too.
California, I'm going to Hollywood to live with the Brady Bunch.
Bye Ma.
Bye Mrs. Sennett.
Come on, let's go.
Sure.
Hi, wanna ride bikes?
Hi Vada.
Do it!
But I have my clothes on!
Jump in the water!!
Hurry!!!
I am running faster!!
Run faster they're after us!!
My mood ring! It fell off! I gotta find it!
Got it!
For their meat.
What do you want it for anyway?
You're right, let's knock it down.
Are you crazy, you'll get stung!!
Stand back.
So?
Pointing There's a beehive right there!
What?
Woah!!
HEY YOU!!!!  I'm gonna get you!!!  I'll get you!!!!
THIS!! 
What?
Hey Vada, guess what we got?
You know I'm not allowed outside my myself after dark.
Go???
Can we go yet?
Duck!
Watch bingo? I don't even like to play bingo.
We're not gonna bet, we're just gonna watch.
They're not gonna let us in Vada, we're kids.
I stopped that!
Bed wetter!
I am not.
Pacifist!
I told you i'll get in trouble.
Let's go to the church, they're playing bingo tonight.
What do you want? My mom will skin me alive if she finds I'm out here.
Sorry.
Don't DO that!!
Here.
That doesn't sound so bad, come on, we'll never find that streamer.
It doesn't matter, 'cause they're not regular horses, they got wings, and it's no big deal if you fall, you just land in cloud.
But, what if you're afraid to ride horses?
I think, everybody gets their own white horse, and all they do is ride and eat marshmallows all day, and everybody's best friends with everybody else, when you play sports, there's no teams, so nobody gets picked last.
Heaven.
What?
What do you think it's like?
No. Grammoo said she's in heaven.
Do you remember her?
It's my mother.
Who's that with your Dad?
Yes.
Is that your Dad?
Never mind.
Hey, where does it say that?
You have no personality.
What?
Hmmmm, interesting.
Come on, it's fun.
No, I don't wanna.
That was Grammoo's. It's a phrenology chart, they used to study the bumps in your head to see if you had a good personality or not. Come here, i'll diagnose your head.
Hey look at this!
Oh, in the garage. Walk me over.
Where's your bike?
A girl can never wear enough eye shadow.
What's wrong with your eyes?
No.
Your lip bleeding?
Okay, OW!
Uh huh.
If I do it, can we go?
It'll bleed.
It's a mosquito bite.
You could pick that scab on your arm.
Naah, I don't wanna.
Hey, we can become blood brothers.
Yeah he got away. Come on let's go.
I don't like touching fish, how do you pull the hook out without touching it?
Reel it in.  He's only tiny, throw him back.
I'm trying.
Hurry!
Oh no!  UUH.
Big deal, I can do that too.  Thomas J, you got something!
I'm gonna be an acrobat when I grow up.
Maybe they had a big breakfast.
She only wants to do it because her sweetie pie's the teacher.
It's not a real school, it's a writing class, I wanna be a writer.
She's crazy, she wants to go to school over the summer.
It's only black when you're around 'cause you put me in a bad mood.
It doesn't work, it always stays black. 
Dinner time?? You're like a dog! You just go home to eat.
Why? It's not dinner time yet.
No, I'm going home.
Hi Mr. Bixler!
I don't wanna talk to a teacher, it's summer!
That's Mr. Bixler, let's go talk to him.
At what?
Oh wow, a real evil canieval.
Hey look at this, no feet!
I can't, I have to go home.
I knew he wouldn't come.
Part of being a New Yorker.
You don't miss much.
I'll call George's parents. Tell them I need a best man who actually looks after me.
I honestly wish I could...
Stay, huh?
I'm just glad someone finally put this thing in its proper perspective.
What?
Well, I'm close to her.  I wanted to meet the one that got away.
Long trip.  Pretty nice of you to come.
Something like that.
And I'm supposed to respect your fashion tips, because you're what, a New Yorker?
You should look like you dressed yourself.
I should look different.
... trouser width, this is all classic.  Which means safe, something I'd wear.
Well, then, I'll take it up with her.
Yeah, it's in the contract.
Oh, you're more than okay.
I'll think about it.  I'm okay.
Good girl.
I did what I came to do.
Hey, handsome.  Brevity this...
Digger and George are with family in the Hamptons until Monday morning.  Brevity is even more in order than usual.
And what will he do?
Tell him you know this is the worst, dumbest, cruelest moment to do this to him.  But there it is, and he has to choose.
To belong to someone.
Needing.
Tell him you're afraid of love. Afraid of needing.
I'm moving this book to Viking.
Tell him you've loved him for nine years, but you were afraid to realize it.
I'm taking my next book to Viking.
Tell him you love him.  With all your heart.
You're going to say it, aren't you?
Manicure...
Major.  Dish.
Two words.
It's too late to start over.
I suppose it's too late to start over.
What do you suggest?
How do you know you can touch that plug? Are you a licensed contractor?
I can't even say it.
I give.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS, WE'RE HAVING A SERIOUS CONVERSATION!
Elmer's Glue?
That was Thursday.
Ben Gay.
Try less appropriate.
Neosporin?
I wish.
Zit cream?
I KNOW THAT!  I WAS DISTRACTED BY GRIEF!
Jesus.  You're supposed to take your make-up off before you apply the m...
Let's not get carried away.
Someday she'll thank you.
Beyond reason.  The feminist warrior will rise up in this kid, and she'll be standing over his sleeping form with a butcher knife, selecting from a short list of body parts!
The man you love.
I am breaking her heart in the short run, but doing her a gigantic favor! She would be miserable tagging along after this insensitive doofus!
Impressive.
I don't know the meaning of the word guilt!
It's not his happiness you're feeling guilty about...
He was in love with me every day for nine years.  I can make him happier than she can.
Sure.
And you believe that.
This is my whole life's happiness. I have to be ruthless.
... and having "done the right thing" will only really be comforting, oh, maybe, five, six times.
You've been working on this, huh?
There are 18,250 nights in the next 50 years...
Because I realized.  When I see him say "I do," that knife will be in my heart.  And it will be there every...
Go figure you.
I was devastated.
If I didn't have to hate her, I'd adore her.
You like her.
What I mean, when I say annoyingly perfect, is that there is nothing annoying about her perfection. It is vulnerable and endearing. And that is annoying as shit.
You're butting in.
I noticed.  I'm on the noon back. We have this thing with George's family in the Hamptons.
You flew all the way h...
When I'm talking to children.
Chill?  Since when do you say ch...
Chill.  We don't want your face coming off with it.
She knows him maybe five seconds, plus she has billions of dollars, plus she's perfect, so don't go feeling sorry for Miss Pre-Teen Illinois!
I can see why.
He's adored me for nine goddamn years.
It's called the Law of Love, asshole.
You have a real philosophy of life.
Same difference.  If you love someone, it's your duty to save them from themselves.
No, he's ruining yours.
You have no appropriate sense of emergency.  My best friend is ruining his life.
I'll have to kill myself before I call him.
I have a suggestion...
We'll never be the same.
We're about to find out.
He can't do that to me!
Then why are you compulsively eating? If you're not hysterical?
He's not proposing marriage, there's no way I'm buying one word of th...
Desperate.  To talk.
You think...
He says, "Swear.  When we're both 28, if we've never been married... we marry each other!"
Blood oath.
He takes a razor from his dinky little dopp kit, cuts his fingertip, takes my hand, does the same to me...
I've lost interest.
Solid and genuine is not boring. Michael can be completely insane...
Whenever George tells someone how steadfast I am, he always makes me sound boring.
He's still in love with you.
He's the salt of the earth.  Kind and loyal and generous.  The one constant thing in my life, is he'll always be there.
No, he's nothing like me.  He's like you.  Only straight.
Kindred spirits.
Nine years, we've seen each other through everything.  Losing jobs, losing parents, losing lovers... travelled all over, we've had the best times.  The best times of my life, maybe.  Just drinking and talking.  Even over a phone.
The wandering sportswriter.
No, no, the opposite.  That's my best friend, Michael O'Neal. He sounds desperate to talk.
... weeks.
Sometimes I do.  Like for two months.
... I don't send you men, anymore. You don't know what to do with them.
Is Newsday a real interview, or just some cute guy you're setting me up w...
Needs salt.
Plus some guys whose food I don't like.
Which is everyone you couldn't get in.
See the pull of a book like Twenty Chefs, is not who I put in.  It's who I leave out.
I've adjusted, and thanks for asking.
Is it sad to be an editor, and bask only in reflected insincerity?
If your ass isn't chapped, you are not a good-writer of note.
Is it ever embarrassing, having your bum kissed in public?
That's entirely understandable.
I never want to go through this again.
Have you ever heard of. Irony?
WHY DON'T YOU JUST DRIVE A STAKE THROUGH MY HEART?
In one minute.  You are going to feel so foolish.
I love him.
Yeah, well, lots of couples are imcompat...
... that this is all my fault?
If you're waiting for "Do you take this man?", that's considered poor form.
Don't you see...
When are you gonna come clean with your folks?
What with the psychosis and all, yeah.
This must be... very, very, hard on him.
Who?  The jerk who's running your life?
They'll eat it anyway, you ever been to a walk?
Look at all this beautiful food, so lovingly prepared...
We settled this.  And I reneged. That wasn't fair.
Uh, Kimmy...?
I just don't want to freak him out.
Your call.  You can live a lie. In a fabulous selection of Red Roof Inns.  Or you can make one desperate stab at hap...
He won't get mad, huh?
In six months, he'll be happy, settled, successful...
Only.  If he wants to.
He'll see right through it.
What you said.  Make it appear that he's doing you the favor.
Exactly what?
Exactly.
So... one almost has to...
Hello.
Gold dog collars? They don't have dogs.
Gold nose hair clippers.
For the twins? What in the world is th...
... whatever is manly and independent.
But he always says...
Bad games, bad towns, bad pay, bad flights, bad hotels, real bad food. Homeless, rootless, lonely, maybe your copy gets into one issue out of four...
I mean, he loves his job.
Probably am.  Forget I brought it up.
I just think you're wrong, is all.
Oh, that.  I forgot I even said th...
About Michael's job.
... best valley in New Zealand, best... women's shoes...
Stop, we're embarrassing h...
... always.  The best dim sum, the best camping stuff...
It's not just clubs.  This guy always knows the best everything. The best guitar store, the best beef ribs, the best Horowitz record, was he always like the...
No, this happened to me once, almost, it was excruciating!
Ju...
Jesus, we're trapped!
He has you on a pedestal.  And me in his arms.
I've missed a step.
You're enshrined in his heart and memory.  Unassailable. Which works out great.
You win.
I was gonna predict that.
And the answer was so simple.
No.
I'm not joking.  I had to face up to all my competitive drives, and believe me, I've got 'em.
Well, perfection can get wearing after whi...
You'll always be there.  In his mind.  The perfect creature he loved for all those y...
... except one.
Do you get hysterical in small confined spa...
But nothing ever could, ever did, give me a moment's pause about this marriage...
Let me rephrase that...
So it's sweet of you to be protective...
Do you get nervous in small confined spaces?
And loving him means loving all of this.
After two weeks of cataloguing all his faults, I made a command decision that changed my life.
It's been awhile.  I'll take your word.
But he sure can kiss.
A trademark move, don't touch it.
He sucks soup through his front teeth.
... cigars in bed? I broke him on that.  But the bathroom's a swamp, he wears Reeboks to dinner, tells the same, admittedly funny, jokes three hundred times...
How about...
... his snoring, yeah.  He says it's worse than ever.  That snaffle one...?
Well.  You've been introduced to the symphonic range of...
... garden sports, all.  Little swing of maybe fifty degrees Fahrenheit, represents a packing challenge, but there's fine food and cocktails at a choice of Embassy Suit...
It depends.  If San Antonio sweeps Sacramento, we could start there. Or Phoenix.  Or depending on Indiana- Clevel...
So your honeymoon is exactly where?
I'm excited Sports Illustrated gave him this kind of shot, he's only there a ye...
... most sentimental schmucks I pity want a honeymoon after their wedding.  Just to top it off.
What? Because I'm a little understand...
... luckiest guy in the Northern Fucking Hemisphere, is all I'm s...
... just my bridal shower.  And Michael has to meet our dads and the groomsmen at Comiskey for a one-thirty game.
Don't you have to be somewh...
He said that, too.
That's why Michael and I were the wrong fit.  Right from the start.
... you hate weddings, you never go.
What else did he tell you...
Not you.  You won't be comfortable unless you're distinctive.
I thought bridesmaids had to wear the same dress.
The twin part.  I like to remain impartial in my contempt.
Which was the disqualifying factor?
The bridesmaids are my only two female relatives under forty. Identical twin debutantes from Nashville, who are basically vengeful sluts.  With amazing bodies!
Uh.  How about promoting a bridesmaid?  Someone you know for at least forty-five minutes.
You can't believe what it'd cost to bring in a temp.
... you want a menage on your wedding night.
This is a very presumptuous and burdensome fav...
See.  Dry.  It's in the delivery.
Can you watch the road?
But I can't be dry.
I can be quick.  I can even be funny.
Excuse me?
You need a few dollars.
My heart's in my throat, here. Right off, I have to ask this monstrous favor...
I think the best part of marrying this guy is finding you.
Well, we're...
All I've heard, from the day I met Michael, is Julianne this, and Julianne that...
You are <u<so right.  What a nerve on that guy!  Bring my dress to church, huh?
I had this crank call?  From some guy who thinks he saw her? I said, what would a bride be doin', on her wedding...
Ex-cuse me?
Oh, she's slipped out, the little monkey.  Prob'ly with Michael, doin' the nasty.
It's Jules, you guys haven't had a call from, say, Kimberly, have you?
Wallace egregious residence, Mandy speaking.
... well, maybe it works on fingers, too.
I saw the show.
Right.  And then it didn't want to come off.  Exactly.
... look good on Kimberly.
Well.  See.  That was a... reflex to see if it would...
... unless he has a hump.
Have you sized up the groomsmen, Jules?  As M. of H., you get first fuck.  Don't pick the short, hairy, rich one.
I need to make some calls. Could I use... your office?
Well, you're a little early...
Nobody has.  So far.
I haven't caused... a problem, have I?
I told him, get the important stuff, Kim's ring.  I'll collect the inconsequentials.
I thought Michael was picking me up.
Then it could all come out, sooner or later.  Nobody should be in on this.  Just you and me.  Or, more correctly, I.
Maybe.  I should call Ben.
He's too proud to beg for help. And if you wait till this comes out, your offer will be like charity. Completely humiliating.
And you think he's kept this to himself.
He's said some things over the past few weeks.  Look, this is why I came up with the idea of you offering him a job.
It doesn't say th...
I think he's been fired.
I know Ben.
It's a fax from Sports Illustrated from Ben Isaacson, Michael's boss.
Sir, this is important! Haven't you ever in your life cut one corner, to make something important turn out right?
Julianne, reading my son-in-law's mail, is not something...
I hope so.  This is all too mysterious to waste on just me.
Is anybody watching?
I think you're making a mistake, sir.
They both have some growing up to do.  But they're good people, they're starting with love. They've got time.
Nice meeting you, too, Walt.
Under the circumstances.  Charmed to know you, Jules.
I guess getting him whacked would be politically out of the question.
If he gives you grief, I'll have him skillfully beaten, where the wounds won't show.
... me, yeah.  And she likes Tommy Lasorda.  Case closed.
The kiss.  May be hard.  For you to explain.  Because the only fear she really has, is...
If you find her...
Okay, we'll split up.  You go to every romantic place you guys have, I'll go... someplace brilliant, and the first one who...
That's little egotistical.
I'm just thinking of how she's hurting.  Lost.  Alone.  Like her life is over.
Course, if it's later rather than sooner, I'd hate to be you at six o'clock.  You've got a lot of explaining to...
You can't believe you've lost her!  Sooner or later, you'll find her, and you'll look in each other's eyes, and you'll see all that love...
That is so romantic.
Almost three.
It's two weeks.
I never forgot that.
This is where I proposed.
Why would she come here...
I came here, looking for her.
I'm so glad you didn't jump on that train, before...
The pus that infects the mucous that cruds up the fungus.
Lower.
Lower.
Actually.  Lower.  I am the fungus that feeds on pond scum.  Lower. The layer of mucous that cruds up the fung...
I didn't know it would get sent.  I just wanted you to... get mad at Kimmy... and...
I mean, do you realize what you've... well, of course you realize, that's why you're confessing, I mean... I mean... how could you do that?
ARE YOU CRAZY?
... wrote it, yeah.  I'm the bad guy.
You're not saying you actually... you're saying that y...
DON'T SPEAK!
Uh.  I saw that moving...
This is the dumbest thing I will ever do.  So dumb, in fact, that I can't.  I don't think.
Jules, what's wrong...
Shhh.
What's up?
Nellie Fox.  Walter likes the past.  And he likes the little guys.
The Big Hurt, huh?
You never want to do that, see, that's always a... costly turnover.  As they say in the sport biz.
... yeah, that.
... your one chance for true happiness?
Well, it happens.
I was so confused, so conflicted, so... unstable.
Oh, yeah.
Thank God you were here.
Love doesn't have to be right. It just has to be love.
Does that make it right...
She admits it's her fault.
I asked you...
BECAUSE SHE'S AS CHICKENSHIT AS YOU ARE, YOU MORONS ARE MADE FOR EACH OTHER.
Well.  How come she didn't...
And your point?
This is her family and her fault.
Get married, apparently.
She hasn't told anybody, what am I supposed to do?
But the Scotch salmon was so fucking good, you decided to stay for brunch!
Look, I came down here to face everybody.  I didn't want to slink away like some coward...
I had the craziest dream last night?  Walter and Kimmy had asked your boss to...
If San Antonio sweeps Sacramento...
Or we'll go somewhere.  If you have the time.
I just want to be alone.  Is that okay?
Should we take a walk?  Or maybe some food sent up, or something...
The job thing would have broken us up, eventually, anyway.  She couldn't have lived with it.  I know that now.
Maybe tomorrow, you'll feel dif...
No, it's for the best, it really is.  We were so wrong for each other.
Michael...
A bad combination.
She denied it.  Said I was crazy and paranoid.
It's over.
What happened?
"Maybe you should take the job. And dump the girl."
I'm just tired.  Please put her on?  Thanks.
"Mike, the funny thing is, he's offering you a gig you'd be stupid to turn down..."
Isabelle?  I need to talk to Kim...
Mike.  I can't believe I'm doing this to you on the night before your wedding.  But I think you need and deserve to know...
Michael? What ha...
... maybe it's congratulations.
The fax is from Ben, too.  Man, it's my wedding, and my boss can't leave me alone...
It means a lot.
This thing means that much to y...
You're right.  Easy come, easy go.
Listen up, huh? Even if you blow this deal, how big could it be?
Tomorrow is Sunday.  Nobody's doing business.  Crack of dawn, Monday, Walter'll take you up there...
We could use... his computer, to... just E-mail those suckers right ou...
It's just... up there... right in front of Walter's... y'know, computer. If memory serves.
I forgot how cute you look.  When you get impossible.
That's my point!!
Me, too.  I'm getting married tomorrow.
I'm up against a deadline.
ISN'T THERE A GUARD?  A JANITOR? A FUCKING CLEANING WOMAN? I'LL TAKE A BURGLAR!  SOMEBODY'S GOTTA BE IN TH...
It's no big deal, she just gave you the wrong keys that's s...
Yes.
Will she like it?
Yeah, Kim told me they were giving you their Dueling Scarlet's act.  Actually, they're sophomores at Juilliard.
No accents today.
Well.
Takes me back.
We danced to it.  Just like this.
So we heard it... like, right that... that first...
The night we met.
Where did we first hear th...
I'll check.  I have it on powerbook, these days.
Dance card filled?
I mean, you commit to a wedding. And then it seems like... this... momentum, you know?  You forget you... chose it.
I wouldn't know.  I never had that many first thoughts.
Me either.
I can hardly wait for your wedding.
Except for that.
Except for the hot affairs we'll have twice a year.
And I was thinking this could be our last time.  Alone.  Together. You know?
You've been the man in mine.
You've sort of been... y'know, the woman in my life.
It's more than that.
Well.  There's a lot of memories to choose from...
Have you.
I've been thinking a lot the last couple days.  About us, actually.
If you like.
Don't you throw up on boat?
No.  I've got you.
You miss her, huh?
Well, you've got the rest of your lives.
Kim has all this stuff to do, I hardly see her.
You keep saying that.
Big weddings are so strange.
Like I said, dazzling.
You guys are heartless, my bride picked this out.
Does it, really? How come you never took some sell-out establishment job? You had plenty of chances!
Michael, it sounds like a wonderful opportun...
No problem.  A little bullshit about Daddy's "needs," and presto, I'm a lap dog in high society.
Michael!!
Why don't you start being honest for one fucking sec...
Never can tell.
Wow and wow.  You have a date, after this?
You need a baby-sitter.  That's what I'm here for.
It's weird being the groom.  All these things Kimmy has to take care of...
Boy, those were the days.
Last zoo we were in was... Beijing, yeah?  Sure.  The rhinos were fucking.
I switched that around when you weren't looking.
You never eat when you're despondent.
I never eat when I'm serene.
You're not eating.
That would be a girl.  I don't even know.
Still.  All's fair in love and w...
I got the point.
I guess you're right.  That would be deceitful... manipulative... controlling... emascula...
She would never.  Never.  Even think of that.
I mean Walter owns the Sox, cable sports... most girls in her spot would be angling to get Daddy to offer you some juicy gig right here in t...
... all of it.  She's leaving her family, her friends, everything she knows.  She's putting her career on hold, and she seems a pretty ambitious, driven, kind of pers...
What, leaving school...
Pretty amazing girl, you've got. Make that kind of sacrifice.
Hey, cabs are expensive.  I'm cheap, remember?
Should I whistle down a cab?
Till the gas ran out.
The Vespa? Me hanging on behind in the rain all night?
Firenze.
Where was that, Florence, huh?
First girl I ever knew.  Who lets me give her a bath.
Gimme like, eight and nine off the top ten list...
Can that kind of defect be passed on genetically?
She finds him "personable."
Waiter! Check, please!
She admires.  Tommy Lasorda.
Is there a coup de grace in here, somewh...
At first, I thought it was a gag, but she's always done it!
Quite the little eccentric.
Every day.  She makes the bed.
My very point.  Here's another one...
Endearingly absent-minded.
No matter how many times I leave the toilet seat up, she forgets and puts it down.
What's next?
How can you trust someone you can never mistrust?
Hate that.
She's too genuine.
Such as.
Luckily.  The closer I watched, the more the fault came into focus.  Each imperfection its own adorable slice of vulnerability.
... see, that's what I thought at first.  How can you like someone that perfect? No potential for long-range livability.
I just admire your maturity, that's all.  I mean, there are people who would find that kind of perfection boring.  Day after day, year after year...
Dance?  You don't dance!  You learn to dance??
Best everything, Joe.  But I'm going to dance with you.
Mirrors.
What's the sec...
I can't wait for you to meet her!
W...
Please come, please.
I need you.
Well, maybe we should talk ab...
... Thomas, yeh.
Well, the Sox are at home.  SI's letting me do a profile on the Big Hurt.  That's Frank...
Actually, it all starts tomorrow. It's one of those four-day weddings, with all the traditional events, and ten million people flying in from Madagascar such.
Michael, it's Wednesday night, you can't possibly be getting married on Su...
You've met her parents.
But they're so down to earth, such wonderful people...
Well, sure.
I mean she's a junior at Chicago University, she's twenty years old! Like when I first met you.
Well, somet...
And she's all wrong for me!
You don't understand.  I've never felt this way about anybody!
Well, that's great.  You haven't really had anybody since Dingbat Jennylee...
Yeh, well my old machine kept eating messages.  I tried constructively ignoring it in hopes of improvement, but finally...
I've been calling for days!
MICHAEL!!
Fine.  I'm an insensitive, chauvinist asshole, and you're well rid of m...
Damn straight, it's how I feel! What's their wedding gift, a little gold collar that says "Mikey-poo"? Or do I have to change my name to "Binky"?
Well, if that's the way you f...
What a sweet little picture.  Mommy and Daddy aren't losing a daughter, they're gaining a eunuch!
And what am I supposed to do with my life, huh? I am 28 years old! I work in a low-paying, low-status, zero-respect job which, unfortunately, I happen to fucking love.  How inconvenient.
What is that sup...
I'm sure glad I'm hearing all this now, before it's too late!
Well, forgive me for screwing up your plans!
All of a sudden, I'm supposed to drop out of school, forget my family, forget my career, forget all the plans I had for my life...
... and you knew about this.
And to m...
To him.
It would only be, maybe, six months? Or three or four? It would mean so much to him...
Like family, huh?
He needs someone incredible, someone really close, who he can trust...
... and public relations is a big problem area for him.
He never mentioned that.  Neither did y...
No, it's, uh... a real big favor.
It's not just a gag, huh?
To the twins' soiree?  So they can paw you and drool...?
Because I could come...
The most important thing. Is being together.
I travel every week.  College ball, motor sports, training camps...
Well, the school will be here. Architecture will still be around. Right now...
You're much more his type.
Personally, I think Mr.  Michael's marrying the wrong girl.
An so it is.
He said you told him.  It'd be safer with you.
Oh the way out of the crab house? We asked Michael if we could see the ring?
Maybe it's happy there.
With those big, dark, haunted eyes. As if you were harborin' some... unspeakably... guilty... secret.
And yet here you are.  All celibate and reclusive.
This is USDA Prime, largely available, beef.  With no notice- able competition, present company excepted...
... I'm partial to the tight end.
Nose tackle from the Bears... power forward from the Bulls... defenseman from the Black Hawks... my personal favorite, the designated hitter...
Kimberly wanted to tickle the grandmas, so we figured, give 'em a cheap thrill.  Walter supplied the decorative touches...
... Mr. Julianne Potter, prominent New York drag queen.
Reverend Dyer, this is Kimberly's somewhat butch maid of honor...
Come on.
I won first prize.
Winifred, the kids want you home and so do I.
Hi! Star.
Winifred.
I know that, Star.
I hate that music.
Grand Old Opera --
What?
Okay by me - I'd sure like to see that Opryland.
Feed, mostly. Thought we'd get something for the kids.
What do you have to buy?
I remember when I just saw you. Skinny Winnifred. Jesus, you were skinny.
You got a real good memory, Star.
You lost twenty-five dollars once before that, too, near Christmas time -- I remember that real well now. December 9th, to be exact.
Well, it better not happen again.
Well, that just happened that time.
Well, don't lose it. Last time I gave you twenty-five dollars, you lost it.
Right here.
You got the money?
No, those are socials you're thinking of... Saturday's usually.
Well, I just wondered 'cause being from out or town I wouldn't be able to make anything.
No.
Is there food?
We have a Bible study meeting tonight if you'd like to come.
Yes. I'm cutting a record.
You're from out of town?
You're so good.
Don't worry, I'll take care or it
All those people...
Honey, it's okay... How do you feel now?
Oh, Barnett, I'm so sorry.
What?
Barnett?
Go to the King Of the Road and thank her.
You have to what?
Well, I have to go thank her for filling in and it's nice to know the tune she sang.
Then why are you listening to her -
Don't feel that way, honey.
I don't want to listen to her sing -
What's wrong honey.
Barnett, please -
I see.
I called Connie and she said not to worry, She'll fill in for you.
Bye, Bye.
Well, Bye, Bye now. We have to go.
I got them right here.
You get her those Vitamin E right away.
I'll tell Ester, she'll be thrilled I saw you again.
Thank you-- Yes, I am.
You going today?
You remember what I said about the Vitamins.
I'll go on. Ester'1l be very glad.
It's fine. We were just talking about Vitamin S.
Green.
What did you say your name was?
Oh just about everything, I guess. Those doctors started on an overhaul and don't want to quit. They keep taking things out. She's going to come home an egg shell. Tough, though.. She's tough.
What's wrong with her.
Eater  says she doesn't see how you do it.
I said, I've been real tired.
You'll have to speak up.
Well, I guess you caught me at a weak moment.
Well, my wife, Ester's down the hall. I saw Barnett leaving and I was just talking to Ester about your being here.	She loves you so much, I just had to come down and say hello. We've been following you since you were a girl. Well, I just scared you to death. I didn't mean to do that.
How did you come in here?
Oh, honey, I didn't mean to scare you.
I'm really all right, Barnett. Don't you worry really... I just don't want you to leave me that's all.
Am I disturbing you?
Your job, huh.
Nothing; Barnett. It's my job.
No, you don't, so don't say you do. Bunch of damn liars. What do you get out or this?
Absolutely. Listen, Barnett, I understand your position.
I got trapped and you know it, so let's have some rules.
I said 'no!'
They can come to the concert in the park.
What?
That's pretty close. He's going to be on the bill. Why not put Barbara Jean on with him?
His word? Are you telling me Haven promised you something?
His Word.
Whose word?
Everybody likes to be as good as their word.
How is that?
Well, it's probably because it would help him.
He knows better.
I guess that's why he thought you right want to help out.
Haven? Hell,' we've been playing poker together since we were fourteen.
Well, that's not entirely true, Barnett. At least not according to Haven.
Well, you did and she's fine. Thanks.
Well, I just thought I'd call.
She's fine.
Barnett, John Triplette. How's she doing?
Yes.
Okay. Thanks.
You bet.
Not a thing, Barnett, really. I need a little information. But, ah, it can wait.
What do you really want?
Oh, sure.
I appreciate your concern, but she has to rest, so you can go on home.
Okay, I just wanted to see if I could help out at all.
She's going to rest now.
I'm sorry. I feel as if I know you. I'm John Triplette... a friend of Del Reese... I was at the airport. I just wanted to introduce myself. I'm a great fan of hers. If there's anything you need, just give me a call. I'm at the Sheraton South.
Okay.
Okay, then we'll see you there.
Yes. She's pretty rested up.
Well, how about the shopping center?
I don't care. She's always been neutral in politics and that's not going to change.
It's on National television, Barnett.
You know better than that.
That's what he wants.
What!
Barbara Jean.
What does he want?
He has that sign with the tree.
Third party?
He's going to run for president.
Who the hell is he?
He's lining up talent for Hal Phillip Walker.
Who the hell is he?
Have you talked to Triplette?
A little slow, but she'll be fine.
How is she?
Okay.
Okay.
Sure thing.
D.C.?  Tammany Hall?  He came there?
D.C.
Where'd he ever see us?
Minimum.
How much?
ABC.
National television?
President.
What's he running for?
Hal Phillip Walker.
Whose?
Well, I'm here putting together a show. It's a benefit really.
Don't you worry. We're just having a quiet Sunday at home.
Oh, no, listen, I don't want to take up too much of your time.
You want anything?  A drink?
Hi. Come on in. Mary!
Hi. I'm John Triplette.
Sue was trying to get hold of you.
Yes, but we're just singing.
How come?
You're kidding.
Bill, he's a crazy man.
It's an appearance. It has nothing to do with support. I don't even like him.
When is it?
President?
Stop it!
Bastard
The Hell he did. Look, I'll see you in the morning.
He saw us at Tammany Hall.
What crook?
Come on. He's a crook.
Yes. Percy Warner Park'.
National?
Listen, we're suppose to sing on TV day after tomorrow. At the park...
It's the den mother.
Hey!
To the bathroom.
Where are you going?
Where the hell have you been?
Howdy.
I'll just be in here.
You bet.
Let me know when you do, all right?
Not yet.
Oh... Well... Have you heard from Barnett?
She's in Paris.
Thanks... I'll... go say hello to your mom.
Sure thing. Put them here... I'll take them.
Need to have you check these out before he goes on that Walker benefit.
Yes, sir. Like you to meet Opal.
Sorry to bother you, Bud.
Sure he will.
Haven's not going to talk to me.
Sure do. Good friend of Haven's.
Do you know Barbara Jean?
Some guy was drunk and hit him. Accident. Haven almost killed him.
How in the world did he get shot?
You go out in the woods and shoot targets -- Whoever shoots the most wins a live turkey
What is a turkey shoot.
Business School so I can run Haven's business.
Harvard?
Yes. I was in my Sophomore year at Harvard.
Your brother?
He got killed at a turkey shoot.
Haven Hamilton is your father? Can you arrange an interview?
He's my father.
Your wire Ester - she passed away.
What?
No. Mr. Green, I don't know how to tell you this -- your wire passed away -- I thought they'd called you at home.
You want me to wait?
Let me see if I can get the doctor hold on one second.
I'm fine. Can I go up?
Didn't you get?... How are you?
Yes, ma'am. How are you today?
Mr. Green?
How'd you get in here.
Hi, Sherry.
Well, Mr. Green.
That's good,  I've never seen anything so healthy.
Ester and me did;  My niece picked then. She's just here from California.
HI. Look at those flowers. Did you grow those.
Good night,
Okay... you get to sleep. I'll see you in the morning. Good night.
Sure... you're a fine boy, Ken, you really are.
A little. What do you need?
Listen, do you know anything about cars?
Suits me.
Well, don't be shy. I got the address here. Anytime you need it. Room's twenty-five dollar! a week and you can have breakfast with me if you like.
I'm not really a musician.
When you run out or money, 'cause you will here, you can go sing at Bishop's Pub. They let you pass the hat. All these kids do that. Most every place doesn't want to bother with you.
Oh... a little of both. Just thought I'd look around at Nashville for a while.
My wife and I think so, but we're family. Your family's always good or bad depending on how you look at your family. What do you do, pick or sing?
She sure sings nice.
I didn't think it would. She's calling herself L.A. Joan this- week. Last week it was Dakota. Guess if you have to change your name a state's as good as anything.
I think we can do that. Come in.
Yes, sir. I need a room
Can I help you?
Yes, sir.
That Tom sure is cute.
Maybe you can look after me a little.
But not unless Nashville really inspires me.
I see... Well, those doctors are real miracle workers.
I said, maybe I'll change my name again.
What did you say?
Well, I could use one, especially if I'm pregnant.
Did an exploratory and according to them, she needed an overhaul.
All they got is advertisements. Just like L.A.
It's hard to say. Doctors thought she'd come home a week ago. All it was was appendix.
You know anything about the stations here?
She's been in the hospital two weeks yesterday.
Uh huh.
I'1l get your bag.
He is just wonderful.
Glad to see you. Ester'll be glad, too.
Did you see who that was?
I don't really know what you're talking about.
I mean, Mr. Green was so nice to me. He took me in and...
I'm in a hurry, gonna see this great group record at Woodland.
Listen, your Aunt Ester just died. I'm... sorry... Listen, I really Feel bad now about last night...We had no...
I haven't gotten into politics yet. I'm still into music --except for you. You're into politics.
Well, he's really amazing.
You must really like him.
Well I've been following him around Just listening to him --He says he can really win -- I bet he can too - -
How do you know?
A guy named Walker. Amazing person. He's developed a huge following.
Who's that?
Replacement party.
What's this?
Get in.
No.
You in music?
No. Probably stay at a motel tonight.
You got a place to stay?
No.
Hey, there - You seen my Winifred?
Need a ride?
No.
She had on high heels?
No.
Have you seen a woman about so high?
Sixty-three.
What year?
Nash.
What kind?
Do you carry door handles?
Parts.
Oh, well, thanks. Ah, oh, maybe you know where...
We don't mess with accessories.
Ah, hello. My name is Kenneth Fraser... And I'm here from Terre Haute, Indiana. Ah, listen ... somebody stole my handles.
Wrecks.
Bye.
Bye.
Keep warm, dear. Let me hear from you.
Okay. I'll be talking to you.
But, I'll take some of that Nyquil... you know it puts you right to sleep no matter what's wrong, you go right off...
I want to get the dog off my bed.
I've been a Little dyspeptic.
Listen. Maybe I should go...
Your hair fell out? Just like your father. Weak hair.
Does their hair fall out?
Weather's been awful. All those bombs dropping. It changes our weather. Sure not like the good old days.
How do you know if they do?
Well, you'll get it, skin as sensitive as yours.
I don't think so.
He doesn1t have fungus, does he?
Fungus?
Worst time at year for dogs is when they get fungus.
No. No, they're white. He's got a nice dog.
Bet the sheets are grey.
I don't know his first name.
Green?  Not Owen Green. Owen Green embezzled money from your grandfather
I'm in a rooming house with Mr. Green.
How are you going to pay when you get sick?
I feel really good.
Next you'll be sick.
Well, I got to Nashville. That's pretty far.
Oh, well, I knew that before you- even left. I told you, 'Kenny, that old Nash won't make it down the road.'  But you had to go.
The car broke down.
Oh... Well.
Nashville.
I've been so worried, dear. where are you?
Mom?
He's a member of our congregation.
Do you like him?
No, mostly his wife's. She's in Paris, France, right now. My husband Delbert is real friendly with him. Delbert's in law. Does work for him.
Are you a close friend of Haven's?
No, I don't.
Do you ever do any writing?
Just my church and my boys. We all had to go to school and learn hand talking. I just thank the Lord they can see.
And before?
About three years.
How long have you been with them?
It just is.
Well, can you tell me why?
Yes, it is --
Isn't it unusual for you to be working with a black choir?
When I was little, in church.
When did you start singing?
Yes -- yes, they have. It was a real shock at first, especially since my daddy's a preacher, but Delbert and I have been blessed by their being here.
Have your children been deaf since birth?
I know. Goodbye.
That's what you said before.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Come on, you ever been attracted to a black guy?
That's unkind.
Terrific!  Who was that black guy? A friend of yours?
Older than thirty?
Oh.
I'm twenty-eight
Well...
Thirty?
Older.
How old are you?
Oh.
I knew when I first met you.
I'm not sure.
When did you think it would happen?
Car pool?
I can't.
Stay.
I know.
I have to go. He sighs.
Wrong.
I have to go.
You're really terrific, you know what I mean --LINNEA rolls over and faces him.
I can't remember. In out/out in, something like that. Around eight.
Doesn't it have a name?
End of Church Street. Next to a grocery store.
Oh?
I've got a gig tonight.
Oh.
Who is this, right?  I called you last night.
What?
Wow!
Hello.
What do you mean?  You said you wanted to see me.
I don't know who you are.
Who is this?  It's Tom.
Who is thin?
Hi.
Hello.
Well, they removed my heart last week, but I'm doing fine except my nose fell off. Looks a little funny.
Well...How have you been?
That's not quite what I had in mind.
Or course. You should come over to the house. The boys would love to meet you.
I'd really like to see you.
Oh, Tom, of course. What are you doing in Nashville?
Well, I met you that afternoon in the control room and we...
Yes.
Remember, about a month ago, your church choir cut a record?
I'm not sure. Where?
Tom. You remember?
Who is this?
I'm here.
Yes. Who's this?
Linnea?
Hello.
I'm sorry but I have to go.
They said go see the chaplain.
What?
My mother. died in '72. They told me after. They said they couldn't find me before, so they told us after.
I see.
Yea.
You know who that is?
Not me. Ain't never loved anybody. Ain't never been married. Won't either.
What...?  0h, yes.
Sleep. That's all I need. Don't want to waste no time sleeping. You married?
Fifteen minutes?
All I need is fifteen minutes a night.
High?  Do you ever get high? A walk on the wild side. Ever do dust?
What?
I'm forty-six. Do you like to go up or down?
I'm not sure...
Just got out. Had me thirteen lawyers. Missed the electric chair twice. .. Been out three months. Are you heavy?
Oh.
Premeditated murder.
Oh.
I was in prison for twenty-eight years.
I'll be there.
Eight-thirty in the chapel.
What time?
Can you make a rehearsal in the morning...?  Courtland wants to...
It's me. What is it?
You sound different. Is that really you?
Yes.
Linnea?
Hello.
Thanks. You are just a wonderful person.
That's for sure. At the airport - that's where it was. At the airport, there in one of those gift shops... Anyway, you better take a break.
Don't you worry about Sueleen Gay.
Well, there's a couple of girls in Printers Alley if you got any questions. I know I've seen that G- string stuff for sale someplace around.
Hundreds of times.
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
Money's no object.
I can only give you fifty a week here and ten bucks for the benefit.
How much?
I can do benefits
What!
You don't know how pleased he'll be.
Might be good for you.
An album.
You're doing some recording here, aren't you?
What National TV...?
You're real favorites of his.
What for?
Yes.
For him?
Wednesday at the park. We've got a lot of names coming in...
He's pretty well known down here.
Oh, no.
Glad to meet you.
Hello.
Hello. John Triplette.
Out.
Where are you going?
Sleeping.
Where's Bill?
You're not.
Sorry I'm late.
Mary?
I mean...
Oh?
You know Bill is really mad at you.
They're looking all over for you. Do you have a copy of the album.
Not yet. Listen, Norman, I want...
Pretty good. Sure was surprised to hear from you. You talk to Bill?
How's your stomach?
Just a minute.
Come on.
Yeah, you bet. You're really terrific. You know what I mean?
Come on back to bed.
Depends on what I'm studying.
Do you study at all?
Probably a little too long.
How long have you been together?
Dent it a little. Boy -- just she couldn1t even find it. She had a hamburger on her desk that looked three weeks old.
Did it break?
No  Hell, some secretary in New York just hands it to you. Only this one kept dropping it out of the box.
Do they have a show to give it to you?
We just got a gold record.
What? Oh. A film.
What?
Why?
Why?
The architect  His buildings are drippy. You know, like sand and castles. Then I got this assignment. They want to start in two weeks.
I'm gathering information about the characteristics of music people. I just finished a documentary on Gandi.
Oh yes, I'm John Triplette.
I'm Opal.
Hello.
Hi.
I'll be dammed.
Well -- maybe. Let's see what happens here.
I'll be damned. Boy, if you could get Ryan to say something about Hal Phillip Walker, wouldn't that be something?
Oh, you meet them at parties and stuff.
You really do?  ~ God -- How come you know them?
Ryan O'Neal.
I never heard of him. Name somebody else.
Peter Finch -- he's English.
Who?
Ah... Peter Finch.
No kidding -- Wait till I tell Linnea. Who?
I know a couple.
Well, I admire your optimism, and I just wondered if it was regional. You ever see any movie stars?
Spent time in Arizona. Why?
You always live there?
Southern California.
Where are you from?
You know, I'll bet you he makes it with a majority.
He was a good Judge, but that was a long time ago.
He is to a lot of people.
He ain't really new.
Oh yea -- There has never been a better time for something new.
You do?
Well, I really think he's got a chance.
We're connected by a relative. One time, one of his aunts married one of my uncles. That was a long time ago, though. How'd you come to work for him?
Oh --
No, we never did that
You go to school together?
Hal? Well, Hal and I have been friends for a long time.
What do you think of him?
Where is she?
Pleasure
Sure thing.
You think it will?
Well, honey, I sure hope it comes your way then.
Wade -- I've been working toward this audition for years.
You serious?
If you're serious. Being serious is real important.
You think I should take lessons?
It's not bad.
Is that good?
You sure do it loud.
You think I got any kind of a voice?
No -- That's exercises. My coach says you have to do exercise because the vocal chords are muscle and need to be stretched. Every time you stretch them, the middle part sets stronger. That's the place where I sing.
Well, you just remember, if you can't kick front, kick back, 'cause at least you're kicking... Ten minutes, okay?
Got me an audition tonight.
You bet.
You want a ride into town?
Now, Sueleen, you know that's not what we talked about right here in this very room.
Don't you think they'd just love another song instead?
I know that you are an artist and I am sure you are very religious.
I see.
Now this is to raise funds for someone who can help people who are less fortunate than yourself. The more you take off, you see, more money we can raise.
May I see your costume?
Oh, why thank you.
I'm John Triplette. Excuse me. I got all caught up in looking at you. You'll be fine.
Hi, I'm Sueleen Gay.
What...
Thank you. Grace, there is one other thing...
Yes, you are.
That means his hands are considered a weapon like a gun or a knife. Am I correct on that point?
Yes, they were.
Point of fact, weren't Tim's hands registered as lethal weapons?
Yes, I would.
So, I think it would be safe to say that anybody who studied the fighting style that Bruce Lee, arguably the greatest martial artist of all times, developed for nine years, that would be a fella who could defend himself. Would you describe Tim that way, Grace?
That's what Tim said.
Now, while I freely admit total ignorance on the subject, I have heard of Bruce Lee. And I was under the impression that Bruce Lee was one of the, if not <u>the</u> greatest fighter in the history of martial arts.
Yes, I did. That's why Tim studied it. Because it was Bruce Lee's fighting style.
Jeet Kune Do...Now I did some research on that form of fighting, and I found out that Jeet Kune Do was a style developed by Bruce Lee. Did you know that?
Tim studied several styles, but his favorite was Jeet Kune Do.
Is that a fact? Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in?
The style of fighting that Tim studied didn't believe in belts.
What was the color of Tim's belt?
Yes you are.
When you study the martial arts, they give out belts that come in different colors to signify what level you're at in your training. Am I correct on that point?
More or less...
More or less.
No, but that don't mean much. I was a completely different person ten years ago. Let's give key lime a day in court. And a large glass of milk.
When ya had it, did ya like it?
I haven't had a key lime pie in ten years.
The key lime is great, but it's an acquired taste.
Which do you recommend?
Apple, pecan, cherry, and key lime.
What kind of pies do you have?
Well, back in slave times they had a thing called the underground railroad. And we got a whole fan club out there just waiting to be conductors.  So, you kids out there, keep the faith. Cause Mickey and Mallory will be comin' to your town real soon.
How do you intend to disappear? you're probably the most famous couple in America.
Well, now me and Mickey are gonna take it easy. Just enjoy each other's company, stop and smell the roses, notice the color purple, stuff like that.
We had nothing to do with that riot. That riot was just -- whatchmacallit --
Try to keep it to a minimum.
Haven't you been listening to a fuckin' word I said? ...Oh, I'm sorry. Can I say fuckin'? I can't, can I?
Did you have anything to do with the riot in the laundry room?
I wondered how long it would be before we'd get to be alone together. And I wondered if I could wait that long.
What did you think then?
It wasn't 'till we got on the ground floor that I totally realized they weren't gonna shoot unless we shot first. When we got out of the stairwell, I remember thinking, 'Oh my God. This might work.' But Mickey knew it would work all along. There wasn't any doubt in his mind. It's not like there was and he just didn't show it. He knew it would work.
Mallory, what did you think of Mickey's plan? Did you think it would work?
I said we'd give you an interview. I never said we wouldn't kill you.
Looked like an interview to me.
What he said. We didn't know jack shit about and riot. It just happened. It was kismet. We didn't even know those people. How are we supposed to organize a riot when we've been in fuckin' isolation for the past year? Just bleep out the fucks and jack shits.  I mean, it's not like we care. If they wanna say we masterminded the whole thing, let 'em. It won't exactly keep us up at night. But you said you wanted the truth, and the truth is we were just lucky.
Divine intervention.
We still got a few tricks up our sleeves.
Hasn't it?
Don't stop!
Mickey!
Thanks. Roll 'em, Donut.
By all means, knock yourself out.
Yeah.
You got something you want to do?
Are we in a big hurry?
Now, when we get out there, you do what we say or it's curtains. If we say move, you move. If we say left, you move left. If we say right, you move right. If we say mole, you dig a hole. Got it?
Grace. I'd like to talk to you about your murdered brother Tim, if you feel up to it.
Naw, she don't mind.
Now that you bring it up, yes. They were different men. I hadn't really thought that much about it. Since many psychiatric opinions are, by a rule, sought out for this kind of situation. What do you think normally happens? The Knoxs are assigned a family psychologist that takes care of them throughout the rest of their lives? The state doesn't work like that.
I take it by your answer it was a whole new team?
Using the same doctors is not common practice.
Were any of the doctors who made the first evaluation on the Knoxs mental state asked to re-examine them?
The prison board and the doctors who examined them.
Who is we?
What's changed, Mr. Gayle, is our minds. We felt they were competent a year ago. A year has passed, sir, a year where they were under close observation, day in and day out, and their behaviour has led us to believe we were wrong.
When they were found competent before, they had already killed fifty people. Other than the fact they're a disciplinary problem, which frankly shouldn't surprise anyone, I still don't see where this situation is any different then it was before. So, I ask you again, Mr. McClusky, what's changed?
Well, since that time, they've killed one person during their trail. And since their incarceration, they've killed one psychologist along with several guards and inmates.
Mickey and Mallory were deemed competent in a mental examination before their trial. I'm confused. What's changed?
The prison board made the decision. A board of which I belong. We're the who. The why is simple. Mickey and Mallory are mentally ill and need to be under a doctor's care, where hopefully they'll receive the help they need.
Why are Mickey and Mallory being moved to an asylum? And who made the decision?
Ain't love grand.
Because they wouldn't give them their blessing for marriage.
Mickey's better half herself. Mallory Knox. This little lady drowned her father in a fish tank.
Who's the song bird?
You write the script Jack, call it, 'Showdown in Mojave: The extermination of Mickey and Mallory', whatever... Have we found our man?
I see.
You're a breathing icon of justice and that's why you were chosen to deliver Mr. and Mrs. Knox. We, the prison board we, knows that once you get them on the road if anything should happen, an escape attempt, an accident, fire, anything...Jack 'Supercop' Scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests.
You're a celebrated cop. Twenty-six years on the force, a best-seller out on paperback...
By all means.
The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?
So, how do I fit into this scheme?
You've heard of it?
Lobotomy Bay?
So can we. So the solution to our little problem is we had them deemed crazy. And we're shippin' 'em to Nystrom Asylum for the criminally insane.
I can appreciate that.
Look, our situation in a nutshell is, no prison wants 'em, no prison will take 'em. I'm even talkin' hellholes, where the warden's as hard as a bar of iron. No one wants those fuckin' assholes behind their walls, dealin' with 'em day in, day out.
Five inmates, eight guards and one psychiatrist all in one year's time... Very good. You do keep up with the headlines.
They've killed a shitload of inmates and guards---
Susanville, Soledade.
They've been separated since their incarceration in a couple of penitentiaries---
You been followin' the news coverage?
Who isn't?
Dewight McClusky of the California Prison Board. Take a seat please.
Thank you, sir.
Congratulations on the Curtis Fox case, Scagnetti. You put an end to a nightmare. The ladies of this city can get to sleep again, and they have you to thank.
Okay, Wayne, step forward.
Yeah.
You're taking us to that holding cell now.  All right, Cut!
She's in the holding cell, on this floor.
Okay, buddy boy, where ya keepin' Mallory? I know she's still here, and I know you know where. So, start talking or my first work as a director will be your death scene.
What?
Did you ever see 'Eldorado?'
I've never wounded anything in my life. I got you locked right between the eyes.
Or what? You'll wound me? I can blow you in half and you know it.
Slide the shotgun over here, put your hands behind your head, put your forehead on the floor.
Looks like we got a Mexican standoff.
How's it goin'?
...one night I was asleep, and a noise wakes me up. I thought, 'Oh shit, somebody's broken in.' I didn't own a gun, so I go into the living room with a fucking umbrella. Okay, it turned out to be nothing. God made the noise. Who knows?
Wagons, hooaaa!
Ready.
You ready, Donut?
Even better. Wayne call your station, tell 'em we're going live a little early today. Make it happen!
It's video.
Do you have a back up.
Not good.
How is it?
Yes, sir.
You guys stay on your bellies.
Look, I'll trade you.
Tough titty, it's mine now.
Yeah. Ya see, I ordered that special.
There's a chocolate cream filled in there?
Ah...fine. Let me make an adjustment here, and we'll be ready to rock 'n roll. Oh...uh, the dumbass at the donut place put a chocolate cream filled I asked for in your box.
Anything.
What?
Say something.
Oh my God!  Sorry.
She was born without a tongue.
How come you never talk?
NO!!!
Let's make a little music, Colorada.
We are.  Your camera.
Wait! You can't kill me. Mickey and Mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale.
Just save your breath, Wayne. We hate you. If anybody in the fuckin' world deserves to die, it's you.
Don't touch those triggers! Please. I think I've already proven that a live Wayne Gayle is much more better that a dead...Way-- Gayle. I was your passport out of jail, not Duncan Homolka. But me! I'll be your passport outta---
No. Not really.
...developed between the three of us. We're kindda in this together, don't ya think?
I said I'd give you a interview. Now unless I'm mistaken, we just did a interview.  We did an interview, didn't we?
Just wait one fucking minute.
So, what now?
C'mon, c'mon, let's hurry this up.
Without any further ado, Mickey and Mallory...
We ain't got all fuckin' day!
Got it.
Say it. Scream it. All the way out the front door and into your van. And if you stop screaming, I swear to God I'll blow your head off.
Yes.
...'Winner of the Golden Globe and the Edward R. Murrow award among others.' Tell 'em the name of your personal lawyer, his firm, his address, and phone number. Tell 'em about the mayor and the unemployment lines. You getting the idea?
'Respected journalist'-- On your knees...
Are you kidding? The Golden Globe, The Edward R. Murrow award...
'Every week by forty million people. I am a respected journalist.' Have you won any awards?
On average forty million.
That's what I thought. You tell them that. When we go down those stairs, I want you to scream what you just told me. 'My name is Wayne Gayle! I am the star of American Maniacs watched every week by'-- how many people?
We'll all be killed.
Probably not, but we're gonna give it the old college try.
This is crazy. You can't escape like this.
No.
Mickey, can I talk to you alone?
Let me have the keys.
Out front.
Where's it parked?
Yeah, we have a van.
Okay, we're going out that door, and we're gonna march down the hall and right out of the building.  Donut said something about a news van.
Scott's dead. And unless you wanna play follow the leader, shut up and do as you're told.
Let me check on Scott. He's hurt bad.
Donut, get your camera. See if it's broke.
Now, I'm no comedian, but it's pretty funny. It's a Little Johnny joke. Now in the joke, Little Johnny can't talk. And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date.
Sure.
You guys wanna hear a joke I heard?
Could I get a Coke for Mickey?
I could go for a Coke.
Okay, let's cut it.
Everybody thought I'd gone crazy. The cops, my mom, everybody. But you see, they all missed the point of the story. I wasn't crazy. But when I was holding the shotgun, it all became clear. I realized for the first time my one true calling in life. I'm a natural born killer.
When have they ever been right?
Says the United States of America.
Says who?
Well, riddle me this, Batman. How do you feel about the fact that you're never gonna see Mallory again?
That's indescribable.
Don't play dumb with me, Mickey. You know what I mean. Describe Mallory.  What's up here?  What's in here?
Describe Mallory? Okay. She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers...
Describe Mallory.
I'm sure we will.
Okay...okay...I'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later.
It's not that easy, Wayne. Donuts and a smoke only get you so far. You're gonna have to do your job.
Tell me about the purity.
You'll never understand. Me and you, Wayne, we're not even the same species. I used to be you...then I evolved. From where you're standing, you're a man. From where I'm standing, you're a ape. I'm here...I'm right here... and you...you're somewhere else, man. You say why? I say why not?
You just said an instant of purity was preferrable to a lifetime lie. I don't understand. What's so pure about forty-eight dead bodies?
Please explain to me, Mickey, where's the purity that you couldn't live without in five year old Danny Millhouse's blown off head? Where's the purity in forty-eight people who are no longer on this planet because they met you and Mallory? What's so fucking pure about that?
That's only part of it. I mean, it's a big, big, big part. But it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song.
Excuse me, did you say an instant of purity? What was the instant of purity? The bodies you left behind on your bloody trail?
Was an instant of purity worth a lifetime lie? Yeah, it was.
No, Mickey, I can't let you get away with that shit. Answer the question. Was it worth it? You haven't seen, heard, or smelled Mallory in a year. Was it worth it?
Do you think up these questions or the girl with no tongue?
Was massacring all those people worth being separated from your wife for the rest of your life?
Was what worth it?
Then was it worth it?
Of course, I miss Mallory. She's my wife. I haven't seen her in a long time. What a stupid question.
Do you miss Mallory?
What I did for fun for starters.  Well, something I used to do...always was a lot of fun...  No, scratch that. Let me think of something else. In fact, why don't we come back to that question. Ask me something else.
What? Oh, aaahhh, what you did for fun for starters.
Much obliged. What do I do for fun? Do you want to know what I do for fun or what I did for fun?
Aside from the obvious?
So, Mickey, tell us what you do for fun.
Let's do it.
We're about ready to go here. Are you ready?
Don't worry about it.
Sorry about that.
Let's discuss it when I'm unbound.
All right, Mickey.
Okay now, before we get started here, there's a few things we have to get clear about.
I'm keen with anticipation.
Mickey, how do you feel about cross- examining Grace Mulberry?
Songs. 'He's A Rebel', 'Leader Of The Pack', 'Town Without Pity', that Dusty Springfield song 'I Only Want To Be With You'. That's what I hear anyway. Her behaviour was the main thing the doctors' report used against you. So even if she would see me, which she won't, I couldn't put her on camera anyway. If I ask her, 'Mallory, are you insane?' And she starts singing 'Dead Skunk In The Middle Of The Road', that blows our whole case.
She sings? What does she sing?
Not to anybody. She sings.
She doesn't talk?
She won't even see me, Mickey. Now you're not supposed to know anything about what's going on with her, but I'm gonna tell ya somethin'. Since you two've been sentenced, Mallory hasn't spoken one word.
Have you talked to Mallory about this?
My problem Mickey, is that you don't exactly inspire empathy. I'm all alone on this. I need your help. I want what the prison board is doing to be the focus of our follow up episode. Now I have interviews with chairman of the prison board Dewight McClusky about this issue. And I'm tellin' ya, Mickey, he looks bad. The two psychologists they used for their psychiatric kangaroo court won't talk to us, which always looks bad. I have an interview with both the judge of your trial, Bert Steinsma, and the psychologist and author, Emil Reinghold, both of which discount the notion that you're insane. You put that all together, and what the state is doing becomes obvious. But the network isn't satisfied. They feel the show needs another element. It needs you. In order to put the show on the air, I need to get an interview with you. You haven't talked to the press since your trial. Now, a few days before you get transferred to an asylum, you grant an interview on television with Wayne Gayle. We're talkin' a media event here. Every son of a bitch out the with a TV set's gonna tune in to see that. We'll make their motives so blatant, we'll shame 'em into dropping the whole thing. At least for a little while, the publicity would keep them from just giving you and Mallory lobotomies. Well, whatta ya say?
We've been waiting to do a follow up episode on you for a long time. And that time has definitely come.  I feel it's apparent to anyone who's hip to what's going on that the prison board has thrown the constitution straight out the fuckin' window. You and Mallory may be killers, but you're not insane. You belong in a prison, not in an asylum. The prison board is blatantly railroading you into a hospital for the sole purpose of turning you into vegetables. Now some people are saying, 'So what?' I am not one of those people. If we avert our eyes while they do this to you, we give them permission to do it again whenever they see fit. Today they wipe clean your mind because they feel your actions are dangerous, tomorrow they wipe clean my mind because they feel what I say is dangerous. Where does it all stop?
Yeah, it's pretty hard to beat the king.
Manson beat you.
How 'bout Manson?
What I'd like to do---
Good...yuppie piece of shit.
Yes. Yours got the larger Nielson share.
How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him?
Yours.
Whose ratings were higher?
Yes.
Did you ever do one on Wayne Gacy?
The episode we did on Mickey and Mallory was one of our most popular ones.
Everybody knows who you are. You're famous.
Hello Mickey. We've never been introduced, but I'm Wayne Gayle. I don't know if you've ever heard of me or remember me. I was one of the reporters outside the courthouse during your trial---
You made every day like kindergarten.
Yeah baby.
I don't give a damn if a million United States marines, all whistling the halls of Montezuma, are gonna come marchin' down this alley any second. There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you. And that's that!
Mickey, you're wasting time!
No fuckin' way!
If they stay, they'll catch you, and they don't have to catch you---
No fuckin' way! No fuckin' way!
I can't run with you, Mickey! I really want to. If I could, I would, but I can't. I gotta stay here. But you can still get out of here.
I'm not saying it's not gonna hurt, but--
I can't go. I'm too fucked up.
Unfortunately, yes.
And they made the first move?
They can't because neither knows if the other is a deranged senseless killer like the Knoxs. So, you may as well make the first move.
Why can't they just shake hands and be friends?
It's like this, Wayne. Two people are standing in a dark room waiting for the other to attack. These two people can't see each other, yet they know they're there. Now, they can either stand in the dark room forever waiting until they die of boredom, or one of them can make the first move.
How can you say that you 'admire' them?
Yes.
Then you've seen the scene where Arnold Schwartzenegger is talking to Lou Ferigno.
Yes.
They actually apologized.
So, Mallory calls 911 and they took off.
They were especially influenced by 'Conquering Huns of Neptune.'
Apparently, they've seen all our films.
Mickey stops sawin' on my leg and says, 'Oh my God, I'm your biggest fan!'
And then Mallory stops Mickey and says, 'Hey, these are the Brothers Hun.'
Just for fun, I guess.
They had us tied down during one of their house raids, you've seen the headlines, and they were taking a chainsaw to our legs before they were gonna kill us.
Survival of the fittest.
They're shocking the world into remembering the primal law.
That's the way of the world.
That's the Mickey and Mallory way.
Yes.
Yes.
Schwartzenegger was the king of the edge before they came along.
They've hypnotized the nation.
Only on a much grander scale.
Mickey and Mallory have that edge.
He had the edge. The mind's edge.
He squashed him mentally before physically defeating him.
---and a snake-eye glare, Arnold was able to totally psyche out any confidence Ferigno had.
And a snake-eye glare.
Through the power of the simple word---
Have you seen 'Pumping Iron?'
Hypnotizing.
I do, too.
I admire them.
Jesus...
That's my opinion.
The entire wing?
I'll say enough to destroy this wing.
Take a wild stab!
It's hard to say Capt'n.
What do you think, Pitney? How much Explosives do you think that they really have in there?
Here.
Where do the air ducts lead?
Here's the layout of the laundry room.
Capt'n!
I want two men stationed in that tier, and I want men with rifles all along the walkway.
Scotty?
Rockin'!
Roger?
Fine. Roger, what the hell are you doing? You're bothering the serial killer.
Roger, enough with the fucking donuts! What did I tell you. Stop bothering Mickey, and get behind your nagra.
Roger, I'm starting to get pissed. Just drop this fuckin' donut shit, and gather your gear.
Wayne---
Okay, guys, we're here. L.A. County Jail. Julie, just park in the front.
So you're giving a man who butchers whole families, little babies included, my chocolate cream filled?
Roger, do you understand what the word 'no' means? It's important we establish a rapport. Something as simple as a dozen donuts can mean the world to somebody who hasn't had a donut in a year.
What's the big deal? Take out my chocolate cream filled, put one of these roasted coconut---
Roger, no.
That dumbass probably put my chocolate cream filled in there by mistake.
Huh uh. This dozen is for Mickey.
I'm as serious about that as I am about going back to the donut store, and dipping that stupid Mexican's head into the batter for forgetting my chocolate cream filled. Gimme that other box.
You can't be serious?
I hear ya. Play.
Now we got to film a new intro for the follow up episode. But we put the intro for the first episode at the beginning temporarily so you can see it with some scope.
Next week's episode.
How immediate is immediately?
This is Raymond Burr witnessing the destruction of Tokyo by Godzilla.
Drink up! This is a celebration. This is the day we received word we were gonna make television history. We're gonna have the first sit down, in depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever, one day before he's being shipped to a mental hospital for the rest of his life. This is one of those golden moments that happens maybe only four times in a lucky journalist's career. This is Wallace with Noriega, this is Elton John confessing his bi-sexuality to the Rolling Stone, this is the tearful reporting of the Hindenberg disaster, this is Truffaut setting the record straight on Hitchcock, this is a Robert Capa photo, this is Woodward and Bernstien meeting Deep Throat in an underground parking lot, this is John Reid reporting 'The Ten Days That Shook The World', this is the hippies' bloody palms at Kent State, the Maysles brothers at Altamont, this is the Nixon/Frost interviews...
I'm taking one of these men. Yates, come with me.
Yeah, sure.
Jack, could you stay up here for a while?
Me, neither. I don't eat meat.
Nothing for me. I'm leavin'.
Coolin' her jets in a holding cell.
How 'bout Mallory?
Waitin' in the lounge.
They're real Goddamn good. They'll be there for when ya need 'em. Where are they?
Yeah, we met. They're good men.
I assigned you Bingham and Washington to go along.
Yeah. Bus is all gassed up and ready to roll.
Are you all set?
Two-thirty. Shhh...
You should see the other bitch. What time you got?
What the hell happened to you?
Wayne Gayle!
Wayne Gayle.
Who?
We got his stinkin' ass in the deepest, darkest cell in the whole place. But it just so happens that right now he's got a special visitor.
And where do you keep Mickey?
Well, Mickey and Mallory can't be together. So, we'll put you on one of our prison busses and you'll take Mallory first, then you'll come back for Mickey.
What's the travelling arrangements?
Thanks.
Pleased to meet ya, Jack. I read your book. I'm impressed. Good work on Curtis Fox.
Super cool.  This is great stuff. How ya doin'?
It's gonna be beautiful.
Fucking dammit! Mickey hold onto that thought. Reload, quick!
Camera jam! I'm sorry Wayne. God.
Slate it.
Rollin'...and speed!
Perfecto!
How's it working, Scotty?
Okay.
Good work, my brothers. Fan-fuckin'- tastic! I think that interview stuff's too long, we can lose some of that. Keep the girls, keep the long hairs, keep the Hun brothers, keep the black guy, keep the movie shit, and keep the cop at the donut shop. Lose the rest. And cut the interview with the prison board fellow before that. Cut it after I ask, 'I take it by your answer it was a whole new team.' Don't even let him answer. Fuck him. Then cut to me talking about the two chicken shit psychiatrists and straight in Dr. Reinghold laughing.
Well, basically, what we did was put part of the old show on first...
Okay, boys, let's have it.
Tomorrow.
When do you want the assembly?
So Unruly Julie's comin' with me and planning the interview.  You two go down to the editing bay, take the old footage and the new footage, put it together, and see what we got. Get it into shape so when we finish the interview, we can just stick it in.
Are you kidding? The last thing they expected was Mickey Knox to get up close and personal. They wanted a follow up episode and would've taken anything I had given them. I'm not gonna tell Mickey Knox that. I'm gonna make him think his grey matter depends on it. When I told Woody and the brass about this coup, they practically shit a brick. I'm talkin' an adobe brick. They want to expand the show to a hour, and they want it on immediately.
Would the network really not run it without the interview?
We got tonight and tomorrow to get our shit together. The day after that they're shippin' Mallory. That's when we do the Mickey Knox interview, 'cause the next day he goes.
Never is a very long time, Wayne. A word only the weak use. I'm not a sore loser. Even if I don't have a leg to stand on, I'm going to get up and fight this world until I'm on top again.
But you'll never be whole again.
By taking away our legs. Now we have to fight harder to get ahead than anyone else you'll find in this gym. Probably the whole city. They gave us the fighting spirit. Before this happened I was content. Now I'm pissed off. Now I'm half a man and I've got to work like the devil to get whole again.
How so?
They passed the 'edge' along to us.
Why?
But you see, that's okay, Wayne.
They're mesmerising.
But how can you say that?
Stay up here and finish your interview, I've got to see what the hell's going on down there before I can take responsibility for you to film there.
Could we go with you and film it?
Fine.  Julie, why don't you make a food run?  What's around here?
I'm not running out and getting that piece of shit a Coke.
I didn't mean they were assholes. I mean if they're leaving, get 'em outta here.
Don't call my men assholes.
Chill out, Phill. Four deputies and you, I can live with that. We're about ready to go here, so let's get rid of these other assholes.
Why don't I have Mickey thrown back into his cell and we can forget the whole thing?
Why don't we make it three deputies and you?
And me.
So we got a deal. Four deputies---
I'll cut it in half. Four guys, but that's it.
Three.
I can't do that. Five guys.
No, no, no, no, no, no, I mean only two guys.
Okay. I'll take two guys off.
Two guys?
What are we talking about?
Phil, I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place. They hate him. He hates them. What kinda intimacy am I gonna create with all this hate in the air. Even you and I feel it.
Wayne, if it was anybody else---
We got one...two...three...four ...five...six...seven...eight. I mean Jesus Christ, Phil, that's too much. Let's lose some of these guys.
One...I can take care of myself. I grew up in a tough neighbourhood, and I've handled some pretty rough customers in my day. Mickey Knox doesn't scare me. Two...I'm a journalist, and I'm prepared to take that risk. Three...it ain't gonna happen. Believe me when I tell you, it is in Mickey Knox's own best interest to play this game according to Hoyle.  Wait a minute. We've gotten into a advisory relationship here, which is not what I want.  But seriously, Phil, look at this.
Well, let me let you in on one more fact you obviously don't know. If I were to take my men away, Mickey Knox would snap your neck like a twig.
Don't recite the fact to me. I'm sure I know 'em better than you do.
Since he and his wife have been in custody, they've killed---
Mr. Wurlitzer, I assure you, I am very familiar with Mickey Knox's career.
Mr. Gayle, do you have the slightest idea how dangerous Knox is?
Lose 'em.
Well, just what the hell do you expect me to do?
They got a asshole over here.  A asshole sitting down reading a magazine over there.  A asshole perched up there.  Assholes everywhere. Hey, maybe if we were doin' that kiss, kiss, bang, bang stuff we'd need all those assholes, too. What we're about is intimacy. We're about two people having a conversation. Say I was interviewing you. All I want you to worry about is what I ask you. I want a trust to develop. If you're thinking about all this...  ...you're not going to relax, a trust won't develop, we'll be talking a each other instead of to each other, there will be no chance for intimacy.
It sure is.
See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it?
Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninety-five people there, maybe more.
Well...small world. Well, then, you know firsthand how Hollywood does things. Lights all over the place, generators, a hundred and fifty crew members---
I was on the 'Dukes of Hazzard' set about eight years ago.
Really?
Ya know, I was.
Now, Phil, I don't know if you've ever been on a set before---
I see.
Just a little nickname. Yep, they're my kids and they're all I need. After working together these past coupla years, we're like well-oiled machinery. No, more like a Formula race car. No, scratch that one, too. What we're really like is a Swiss watch. Small, intricate, compact...it shouldn't work as well as it does, but it does. Because of the craftsmanship, the expertise, and the artist's loving hand.
Is that her real name?
Scott, genius cameraman, Roger, magician with sound. Unruly Julie, I could sooner do without my arm than Unruly Julie.
Oh yes, indeed. Top flight.
You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they?
By all means.
Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you.
How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?
That sounds great. Look, I don't want any of this to intimidate you. This is not going to be a big deal. This is going to be very easy.  I need to talk with Mr. Wurlitzer. You guys get your equipment ready, power up the van and confirm a transmission code for the remote. Julie come with me.
I'm the superintendent here at L.A. County Jail. Me and my deputies are who you'll be working with while you're here.
Same here. Let me introduce my crew. Scott...Roger...and Unruly Julie ...this is...I'm sorry. What's your title again?
Hello, Mr. Gayle. I'm Phil Wurlitzer. We talked on the phone. It's a pleasure to meet you.
They pay you three bucks a day an' all the cotton you can eat.
They done that too long in my family.
Now, if you want to work like a real nigger, you can always go out and chop cotton.
Yeah.
Man, the darkest thing they got in there is Coca-Cola.
How 'bout that furniture plant?
Come on, honey.
No thanks.
Want me to come?
Out.
Where' you goin'?
Thanks, Duff. You' a nice guy. Not like Frankie.
Give her a beer.
Hell, you got steady work.
You think so, Frankie?
You know, Doris - you'd make some guy a swell wife.
What d'you say, Duff?
See Duff. He's the money man.
You gonna buy me a beer, Frankie?
Everybody givin' it away free, huh?
It sure is.
What's the matter, Doris? Business bad?
Who's going to buy me a beer?
That dyin's gonna be done two ways.
Who're you tellin' to get, boy?! You watch it, or there'll be some dyin' done 'round here!
All right, you get out of here, man!
I bet she's a sly little nigger, that girl. Wouldn't mind a piece of her myself!
You in a big hurry, boy?
That'll be thirty-eight cents.
Goddamnit, nigger - you must think you're white! Who d'you think you are - king of Harlem?
That'll be thirty-eight cents.
Boy - you hear me?!
No, boy. Thirty-eight cents worth of gas. And watch you don't make it thirty-nine.
Fill her up?
Then do like I said.  Men - this boy here's got something to tell you-all.  Well, how about it?
What d'you think?
Want to keep your job, boy?
All right, then. All I want you to do is tell these boys here you didn't mean what you said about stickin' together an' all.
No. You got the wrong idea.
Look, boy, we got a smooth operation here, and I aim to keep it that way. Now I got an idea you're plannin' trouble.
Well, what d'you know?!
Uh-huh. Well, this ain't the railroad. Now what's all this talk about stickin' together?
Used to be. On the railroad.
You a union man?
I still don't know what you're talkin' about.
That's no way to talk, boy. Now we had one of them union men 'round here coupla years ago. Stirred up a lot of trouble. They're always after you colored boys.
I don't know what you're talkin' about.
I hear you're tryin' to organize this place!
Okay.
Want to talk to you.
That's right.
'You Duff Anderson?
Anderson.
What did you say your name is?
Walker and Williams.
Where was that?
Yeah.
You' new here, man!  See you, boys.
I know.
So it wasn't funny, huh? Well, I thought it was. What d'you say, Barney? Wasn't it funny?!
I'll smile when it's funny.
What's the matter, boy? Never smile?
Don't start no trouble, boy!
I said: Cut it out!
I don't know.
Where's he at?
People seen him 'round.
'That right? I thought he was up North.
They say your dad's 'round town.
Make sure he gets those shots.
Okay.
Yeah. Look, I'll be sendin' you the money from now on.
I ain't so sure of that. If I was, maybe I'd feel different.
I don't know. He's your boy.
Like where?
Well, she never gave me none. Look, you better find him a place pretty quick.
I been sendin' her money.
She got herself a husband now. They don' want him 'round. And I tell you, man, I got no use for him neither.
Ain't she goin' to take the boy?
She done moved to Detroit.
Where's Wilma?
James Lee, you come in here and meet your daddy.
'Bout time you showed. Door's open.
Guess you must be lookin' after my boy. I'm Duff Anderson.
What d'you want?
Just so you do your work.
Guess I don't.
Don't say much, do you?
Thanks.
Looks like you're doin' a good job.
Okay.
How 'you doing?
Name's Duff.
Hey, boy - I'm talkin' to you.
Okay, thanks very much.
Well, I guess that's all till tomorrow.
No. Just me.  Me an' her.
Any other family?
I don't know. Forty-eight, I guess.
And his age?
Well, he worked around.
His profession?
I don't know.
Where was your father born?
No. What you usually say, I guess.
Have anything in mind?
Guess so.
Would you like me to say anything tomorrow?
Thanks.
Okay, I will.
Why don't you come over for a beer when you get through?
That's two bucks, Joe.
Oh yeah? That's good.
It's just that we're not used to seein' anyone stand up 'round here. Kinda took us by surprise.
Yeah, I been there.
Been over to the other mill?
You know, over at the mill, there's just one guy that talked. It's kinda late to say it, but we shoulda acted different.
Oh yeah?
Cup of coffee.  I 'been meanin' to talk to you.
Okay.
How 'you doin' man?
Like hell they wouldn't.
Like hell. You know, if you fellows stuck together 'stead of letting them walk all over you, they might not try it.
That ain't my idea of friendliness.
You know, man, that guy was trying to be friendly.
That's right. How' you doin', Barney?
Hard to get up in the morning, huh?
Like I said, baby - I'll write you.
Duff--
Okay.
You don' know nothin' 'bout it, baby. Nothin'! And don't kid yourself - you did your bit.
You're not a man because of a job, Duff.
You'll be better off without me. I ain't fit to live with no more. It's just like a lynchin'. Maybe they don't use a knife on you, but they got other ways.
I don't think that'll happen.
When I get set, I'll send for you.
Where're you going to go?
Well, that'll be the first time.
There's nothing to say.
Ain't you goin' to say something?
Well, that don't do me one bit of good!
Duff, I love you.
Nothin. Quit lookin' at me like that!
What d'you mean?
Hell, if they don't blow up his place, they'll get him some other way. Don't make no difference no-how.
Jesus, baby, you're so full of talk! Well, you ain't never really been a nigger, have you - livin' like that in your father's house! So just shut your mouth.
Not if you see them for what they are, Duff.
Like hell they can't.  They can reach right in with their damn white hands and turn you off and on.
Just of getting hurt. They can't touch me inside.
You were plenty scared that night in the car.
I don't know. I guess I'm not afraid of them.
How come you don't hate their guts?
Stop bein' so damn understandin'.
I can't stand to see you like that. I know you can't help it.
You heard me!
Watch out!
Don't do that!
What're you going to do?
No point fixin' it!
'You kiddin'? You ain't goin' to no white home. I seen the way they look at you when you go down the street.
Day work.
What the hell could you do?
I could work even after the baby comes. A few hours a week, anyway.
Yeah!
I'm trying to help, Duff.
Sure, baby. 'Fact, I don't ever have to work no more. When that baby comes, I can just stay home and send you back to school. How about that?
You know - we do have enough money. Especially now.
You can have what I've got. It's right there.
Water pump's busted. I don't know if it's worth fixin', but I need that car.
About ten dollars.
Don't ask, baby - huh!  How much money you got with you?
Hi.
Yeah. Yeah, I know. I'm not really thinkin' about it. Anyway, don't want those white guys laughin' up their sleeve at me when they see me pull out.
We can always do that, Duff.
I'm telling you, baby, maybe we better get out of here.
They won't.
Pay is so damn low. I don't want my kids to grow up like Barney's.
You will.
Yeah. But just how're we goin' to make out? I got to get me a job.
Hell, baby - I met this beautiful chick and she's just dyin' for me, okay?
Don't deny me, Duff.
Yeah.
Don't, Duff.
Well, he ain't mine, so skip it.
I keep thinking about him.
How come you keep askin'?
What about your boy?
Man, we sure hit the jackpot fast around here.
We'll be all right.
Ain't that something?!  That's just fine, baby.
Well, I haven't come around.
You jivin' me?
Don't look so scared.
Huh?
How would you like to have a baby, Duff?
My father's never done a thing for any of them.
It sure scares you, a guy like that - settin' out on his porch, doin' nothin'. I seen hundreds of them - all my life.
Go on - hit me!
I don't want to hurt you.
Like so. There you go. Okay, hit me!
Okay. Come on. Put 'em up!
My kids want me to teach them.
Uh-huh. Why?
You know how to box?
Well, if you don't know I can't tell you.
You still didn't answer my question.
Baby, you're the best thing that ever happened to me.
You didn't answer my question.
Hmmm - good coffee.
Am I as good as they?
What about them?
Duff - you know those women you used to know--
Everything you cook is good.
Come here, baby.
Oh really? I thought it was pretty good.
Smells like something crawled in there and died.
What's wrong?
Yeah, that's so.
Is that so?
Let's just see how the two of us make out first, huh?
He could live with us.
What about him?
That's all right with me. Always liked kids.
Don't call them that.
Hey, watch out! Guess you want a house full of pickaninnies too, huh?
Yeah?
That's Bessie Hall. Barney works at the mill.
It'll be fine when we get done with it.
It's okay with me, baby. But how' you goin' to like it?
Well, what d'you think?
I can see why.
No. But a small one.
She don't mean nothin' to me. That's all over.  Hell, baby - I'm askin' you to marry me. I guess you want a big scene, huh?
What about that girl?
Yeah. Wouldn't be no picnic for you. I ain't exactly housebroken.
Don't push me, Duff.
Look, baby - I don't know 'bout you, but it's the right thing for me. I just know it is. So, what d'you say?
What happened, Duff?
How about it?
Thank you.
Just what I said. Don't look so scared.
What d'you mean?
You know, I been thinkin' - how 'bout us gettin' married?
I'll have some coffee, please.
Okay, I guess.
Your boy.
What?
How did it go?
I thought you wasn't comin'.
Hi.
I ain't seen him in a couple of years.
What's he like?
Four.
How old is your boy?
Come here, Duff. No point running away from coincidence.
I'll see you later.
That's right.
Yeah, it's just a coincidence.
I'm just going in to do my shopping.
No. Women're always followin' me 'round.
Surprised?
No, I ain't married.  Well, good-bye.
Are you married?
Yeah. Well, I do.
I didn't know you had one.
Goin' to see my kid.
Just for the day?
Sorry, baby. I'm goin' to Birmingham.
Look, Duff - if you're free, I'm not working tomorrow.
Hell, I don't belong here. I don't know what I' been thinkin'.
What d'you mean?
Yeah. It's just like I figured.
That's the way he is.
Ain't your fault.
Well, it ain't that good up there neither. Might as well make it here. 'Course I ain't really makin' it now.
No.
Yeah. Knocked around for a couple of months after the Army. You been there?
'Been up north?
I don't know. 'Guess I belong here more than there.
Why did you?
At first it was real strange. Hell, Japan is a long ways from Alabama. Really got under my skin, though. Almost didn't come back.
Good night, Duff.
Hell, baby, I don't know what to say.
Look, Duff - most of the men I know - they're kind of sad. When I met you the other day I had a feeling that you're different. That's why I went out with you. I thought we might have something to say to each other.
All right, so I'm primitive. So what d'you want with me?
You have some very primitive ideas, don't you?
Well, either we're gonna hit the hay or get married. Now you don't want to hit the hay, and I don' want to get married.
What?
Oh yeah, and then what?
No, on the porch.
Hell, baby, I'm not in the third grade. Well, look - what' we gonna do next time -- have a nice long chat in the parlor?
I wouldn't have let you.
You almost got into trouble back there.
What d'you mean?
You would, huh? If I was you, baby - I wouldn't go 'round stickin' out my jugular vein.
But I would like to see you again.
I get it.  Yeah, I can see your old man with a shot-gun right now.
Not here, Duff.
Scared, huh?
It's better than it used to be. Eight years ago they still had a lynching here. They tied a man to a car and dragged him to death. My father knew who did it, but he didn't say anything.
You got more guts than me, baby. It's a no-good town.
It's hard to see any change. But I'm going to stay. Another year, anyway.
That's why you come back, huh?
Well, my mother was the only good teacher the colored school ever had. Nobody bothers with those kids.
How come you stay 'round here?
Take it easy.
Let's go, Duff.
Don't Duff--
Get out of here!
You got a problem all right.
Well, let's see now - not counting tonight ... must be about twenty-eight times.
I see. That beer made me dizzy.
Well, I don't get on so well most places.
How d'you mean?
That's fine with me. Keeps me out of trouble.
I mean, you're kind of cut off, aren't you?
Damn few places you can make eighty bucks a week.
I guess it's hard working on the road like that.
Hell, baby, I bet you think we got tails.
Well, they seem just like everyone else.
That's right.
They must work on the section gang.
What is it?
Hell!
Go on - you can have one!
No thanks.
How about another beer?
I like a place with lots of life.
Yeah, and you keep not answerin', too.
You keep asking me why I'm here.
Well, that's a funny thing to say.
You don't think much of yourself, do you?
So what you doin' with a cat like me in a joint like this?
No.
Why d'you come out with me? You slummin' or something?
How d'you mean?
You know, baby, I can't figure you out.
What d'you expect?
That's pretty good for a preacher's daughter.
Maybe.
Look, I don't know what you been told 'bout section gangs, but how 'bout seein' me sometime?
That's right.
Oh yeah? Well, I guess you got no choice.
My father's the preacher.
No. Never had much use for hell-howlers. You goin'?
Yes, aren't you?
No. My mother's dead.  You goin' back inside?
Your folks live there?
Oh yeah? That's my home town.
In Birmingham.
Went to college, huh?
I'm a teacher.
You work around town?
Oh yeah?
Yeah. On the section gang.
You working?
No. I'm new in town.
Haven't seen you around, have I?
I'll have me some of that punch there, too.
You must be new in town.
Thank you, Ma'am. That's fine.
'Got a good thing, man.
Good-bye, Frankie.
Man, you must be plumb outa your mind! You'll be makin' twen'y bucks a week, if you're lucky.
That's right.
I wasn't thinkin' about you, Frankie.
What 'you signifyin'?
Well, it's better than windin' up like a bum.
You gonna sit at home the rest of your life? Jesus!
Like a home, for one thing.
Like what?
A whole lot, Frankie.
Let's go, Jocko. The man's got homework.
We was just leavin', fellows.
I bet she's easy jam.
How 'bout the key?
Just get her drunk.
Take it easy, Frankie.
What's so hot 'round town?
'Round town.
Where' you goin'?
Why don't you relax, Frankie?
What you gettin' all pretty for?
'Bye, Jocko.
'See ya.
Nothin'. I just figure you were the right man for the job.
What's eatin' you, Jocko?
I guess you'll be making' some changes 'round here.
Yeah. That's right, Jocko.  Those white guys sure shoot up at you like a yeast cake if you just cock an eye at them.
They all got families to support.
Yeah, see you in hell.
See you, Duff.
Didn't I tell you to beat it - huh?
Better get him to a hospital.
Couldn't get the words out before.
What's the matter? Don't smell so good, huh? Must'a broken some records.
Take it easy, Pop.
Beat it!
That's right.
My son? I ain't got no son. You Duff?
What d'you want anyhow? What you come and bother me for?
Great.
Pretty good for a one-armed nigger, huh?
I heard you.
I asked you somethin', boy!
Yeah. That's how me an' your mother got started. I'm tellin' you, boy, you ain't got a chance without dough. They take it all away from you.
Well, matter of fact, I done a lot of bangin' 'round.
'Don't sound so sure.
No.
Plannin' on getting married?
I said, I come to town with a girl.
Workin' a saw mill.  Here's to.
What happened?
Okay.
How about a drink?
Yeah. That's right.
Wanted a look at your old man, huh?
Nothing. Heard you were in town.
What's on your mind?
Wouldn't have known you.
Wouldn't have known you.
I'm Duff.
Who're you?
'You Will Anderson?
I heard you! Now 'stead of bein' smart, you just get that car out of here!
I said, she's in great shape.
What did you say, boy?!
Don't do her no good to go into a tree.
Don't do her no good to get banged like that.
She don't look no worse to me.
That's the trouble with you boys! Don't listen when a man tells you something.
Sorry.
Jesus, I told you to watch it!
She'll do.
Seems a little loose!
Okay.
Most folks around here got no use for nigrahs. Got to understand them, that's all. How you doin', boy?
Just tryin' to be helpful.
No, thanks.
Want me to hold the light for you?
Okay.
How you doin', boy?
Good-bye, Duff.
Who is?!
I know he wasn't much of a father.
Hell, I'm just like him.
Don't be too hard on him.
Okay.
No, thanks. I'll take the bus.
I can always chop cotton if I have to.  If you want a ride, I'll take you home.
How 'you gonna live?
No, they won't.
They'll run you out.
That's right.
Going back, huh?
I guess I'll make me some trouble in that town.
Well, what're you going to do?
Sure.
It's just that I hate empty rooms.
No thanks, Lee.
Want to come up the house? You can stay there till you get on your feet. There's no point paying a hotel.
Nothing you can do. Been like this for days.
Come on, Pop.
Yeah, sure. Good luck.
Come back some other time, will you?
He's been hitting it pretty hard. Got high blood pressure, too. I guess it's hard on him, having you around.
How often is that?
Whenever he's got an edge on.
How often does he get like that?
I'll be seeing you.
Oh yeah?
Maybe I could talk to Bud Ellis. He might have a job for you at his filling station.
Well, at least she ain't married to no white man's nigger! You been stoopin' so long, Reverend, you don't even know how to stand straight no more. You' just half a man!
You can be cocky now, boy. But you won't make it. You won't last. I just feel sorry for Josie. I knew it wouldn't work out.
Oh yeah?  Seems to me, Reverend, you' more concerned 'bout your good. Guess it looks kind 'a bad, havin' me for a son-in-law.
It's for your own good.
So I been told.
Don't you get smart with me, boy.
I guess I'll rob a bank.
You'll be in trouble, son.  Now just how do you intend to support your family?
It ain't in me.
Well, you have to be reasonable. Now they say you're a troublemaker. That's no good. Use a little psychology. Make 'em think you're going along - and get what you want.
Don't look like there's a right way.
I know just how you feel, son. But believe me, you're going about it the wrong way.
Well, that figures.  Kind of fits in with everything else, don't it!
And since we're talking, my wife and I don't want you hanging around our daughter.
I guess not.
I see.  Well, I guess we don't have much to say to each other.
I doubt it.
I think if you tried livin' in a town like this, instead of running free and easy, you'd soon change your tune.
Aw, I do. But 'seems to me us colored folks do a whole lot of church-goin'. It's the whites that need it real bad.
Why? Don't you believe in the Lord?
I guess I ain't.
Yes, the Lord's been pretty good to us. I guess you're a church man, aren't you?
Can't live without trouble, can you?  Nice place you got here. Real nice.
Well, you've got to go easy. We haven't had any trouble in town for eight years, and we're not going to have any now.
How come you all ain't sendin' them to the same school?
Well, it looks like we'll be getting our new school.
Thank you.
It's a changing time. Sit down, son.
Guess it's never been easy.
It's hard to know how to talk to the white folks these days.
All right, son.
How are you?
Hello.
I guess you'll be quittin' the railroad, huh, man?
You know what Doris told me? She say: That Duff's a nice guy. Wouldn't even charge him nothin'.
Just give him a couple of months. A girl like that, she don't know any tricks.
Ol' Doris sure goin' to miss you.
What're you gonna get out of it, huh?
'Musta knocked her up.
I'll be a monkey's kid sister! What d'you want to do a thing like that for?
How you doin'?  Hi there!
Well, if it ain't Duff!
Hell, they're all after the same thing.
Man, why 'you messin' around with a gal like that? You won't get no place.
Man, you won't like that back seat.
'Oughta give up smoking, Jocko.
Why don't you guys buy your own?
Is that right?  Think you're gonna make it with her?
Sure. Got a sixteen-year-old girl.
Hell, I didn't know you was married.
Well, I got married to one of them.
What d'you know about women, Pop?
Yeah. All a colored woman wants is your money.
That'll make the folks very happy.
I'll talk to the Mayor.
I know.
Wouldn't do for one of your people to sue at a time like this.
I understand.
So you're courtin' the preacher's girl. Well, just watch your step, boy, or he'll preach you right into hell.  I'm counting on you, Reverend.
Anything you say, baby.
Let's go.
Right here.
Better now.  Where 'you at?
What's the matter now?
Got a thick feelin' here.
Like hell you ain't!
I ain't drunk, honey.
Now you stay put!
Okay, boy, beat it.
He's your son.
You're breaking my heart.  Got to see a man about a dog.
If you don't quit it, Will, I'm leaving.
Is she good in the hay? No point marryin' her just to find out. Is there, baby?
Okay, so what's a girl supposed to do? Me not workin' and her cleanin' house for a white man. I'm tellin' you, boy, keep away from marriage. Ya gotta stay light on your feet or you won't make it.
Shut up, Will.
Your mother used to lay for her boss, boy. Did you know that?
Pour your own trouble, Will.
What's the matter?! It's a celebration!
Let's stay here, Will.
Nothin'.  She's all right. Wouldn't have made it without her. Christ - haven't worked in eight months. Right now, I'm waitin' for some insurance money. And man, when I get it, I got plans to make me some more.  Let's get out'a here. This place gives me the willies.  You got some money?
No. Why?
What's the matter?! You mad at me?
Come on, Will.
He's my son!
Hi.
Baby - want you to meet Duff.
Nice and slow. You come in. Get a look around.  Then I get my wife.
Omar, your wife's here.  Ny superiors: will allow me to make the trade now.  But I gotta see that you haven't hurt the other hostages.  If you haven't, I'11 take the girl and send in your wife.
Enough talking!  We been talking for eleven fucking hours, man.  My throat's fucking raw!
Don't give her the satisfaction.  Your wife is on her way...
I'm sorry, Danny. Time's up. I'11 do the girl, then me. I don't give a fuck.
No more goddamn talking!  I want the bitch or I'm gonna do the girl!
Omar, listen to me--
I want my wife.  I told you and told you. Now I'm gettin' tired of this shit--
She's coming, Omar, she's coming--
Danny, I can't fucking wait anymore.  You hear me? Now where the fuck's my wife?
Omar--
Sometimes, I want to blow his fucking brains out!
Your Raoul?
Sometimes.  And sometimes I don't--  Shut the fuck up!
You hate Raoul?
I fucking hate Raoul.  Shut the fuck up, asshole! someone.
Bathroom. But he's nowhere near it.
We got any shots?
Negotiator entering Kill Zone.
I will.  Inside.  There's no other way to get the gun off the girl's head, Nate.
So don't pull this cowboy shit now. You'll give him a target.  You'll get yourself killed.  Just keep talking.
I'm still on my honeymoon.
How long's it been?
Since you got married.  You got someone else to think about now, Danny.
Since when?
Whoa.  No way.  You can't enter the kill zone.
Nathan to HBT 1.  Negotiator is requesting more time.
That's not the play.  Omar'll get a shot off.  I can still talk to him, Nate, I just need time.
Beck's just put us on standby for crisis entry.
Pity. Then you'll both have to die.
My man's coming to get my ass out of here. That's good enough for me.
You didn't come here to destroy Wintermute. You can to save a man you love. A man who isn't even capable of returning that love. Such a waste...
Don't play with me.
He wants to kill you, you know... Perhaps I won't allow it.
Take this off.
Then we would have talked, you and I.
No. I only needed the code from you.
Peter said you came to kill us. Is that true?
Of course.
They're a bit too real for my taste. Will you excuse me for a moment?
I've had quite enough or I wouldn't be playing such games with beautiful strangers. Aren't Peter's illusions to your liking?
Let me get you another glass of wine.
I'm fine.
Oh my God, I'm terribly sorry. Did I hurt you?
Of course...
What about her?
It's nothing. C'mon... we've got to transfer those funds and get the hell out of here.
You're hurt...
Splendid. We'll prepare a welcome for them.
Security breach. Perhaps her friends have come to join our party.
She was prettier before she tarted herself up with the hardware.
She's very striking, don't you think? Are these glasses a fashion where she comes from?
No. Just Riviera trying to fuck with our heads. They're close. Very close.
Ghost a steppin' razor...
A place to tap in. I can scramble that signal before this place is crawling with guardsmen.
What you lookin' for, mon?
Skeleton key. This opens the gates of Babylon.
What the hell is that?
Straylight. Kitchen dock.
I'm getting used to it. Where are we?
If there's a Babylon, man, that's it. We leave her in there, she ain't comin' out, steppin' razor or not.
Gettin' in is easy. It's getting out I'm thinkin' of.
Can you get us into Straylight?
The Elders, mon...
What are you doing in here?
Excellent, but that's where Peter come in. 3Jane is having a dinner party tomorrow night. Peter will simply escort Molly to the villa. Once she's in... Case will guide her to the mainframe in link mode.
How's the villa's security?
The Villa Straylight. Home of the Royal Family and the mainframe of the computer entity we know as Wintermute. If we can get Molly in, she can access the mainframe to cripple Mute's defences, the Case can destroy it in Cyberspace.
They're only guessing, but we can't take any risks.
We did a pretty good job of pissing them off.
He's a vat grown Ninja, the Royal Family's bodyguard. Watch out for him, he's no joke.
A little incestuous, but at least it's original. Who's the guy in the halloween costume?
An Artificial Intelligence. A computer system that's developed the capacity for sentient thought. They're dangerous and totally unpredictable.
What's an A.I.
Play it straight with me and you've got nothing to worry about. When it's over, I inject you with the antitoxin.
Easy...
And how do you suggest I do that?
Then you'll have to persuade her to tell it to you.
What?
You son-of-a-bitch, you're crazy.
Your gun, your prints. The Tessiers might overlook a little child molesting, but murder's bad P.R., Mr. Riviera. I suggest to reconsider my offer.
You get us access to the Tessier's computer and you can return to Earth anytime you want. A free man.
I was set up.  She looked at least eighteen.
Those are all your records. I can have you cleared on all counts. Possession. ...Contributing to the delinquency of minors... Statutory rape.
Why not?
Alright. Let's talk business.
I find out now.
You find out in exactly two hours and forty-five minutes.
This ain't Bangkok, chief.
You've got your orders.
The antitoxin. I'm not waiting until this is over. Give it to me now or there's no run.
What are you talking about?
As long as you cooperate.  I want it now, Armitage.
Then once she's in you can guide her straight to the mainframe?
Okay. The floor plans will be a piece of cake.
We won't have to. The run is tomorrow night.
That's nice, but we can't dodge this kind of heat for long.
Lady Tessier is frigid. Can't stand his touch. So she had herself cloned. The marriage stays intact and the clones take care of her wifely duties. 3Jane's his favourite.
The old man cheats on his wife with her own clone?
Good question. He may not have intended to. The girl in question is Lady 3Jane. She's very important to us. The third clone of Lady Jane Tessier.
He's a Sense/Net Chairman. Why would he launch an A.I.?
That's Lord Frederick Tessier. Owns most of Freeside. Wintermute's mainframe is centred in the Royal Family's villa.
You see the couple up in the balcony?
Let's hope she doesn't expect me to swim upstream.
Stick with her. I want the process to become second nature to you. We fly for Freeside at dawn.
Yeah, well it's working.
Linked?
You'll be linked during the entire operation.
That could work, but the timing will be a bitch.
Offworld. The A.I.... this "Wintermute" thing evolved on a computer mainframe on the satellite Freeside. If you attack it from within the matrix while Molly accesses its original programming we can cripple its defence systems.
Really? Do I get to know where I'm going? It makes packing so much easier.
Prepping your trip.
He's got a little attitude problem, being that he's dead and all, but he'll come around. Where's Molly?
What about McCoy?
Fried Air Tram in the process. Not to mention half my gear.
No, but it traced me.
Did you trace it?
Could be your A.I.'s calling card.
What's this?
What's he doing to my gear?
Sorry, bullshit. We haven't even begun and you're already jeopardising this operation.
I cannot tell a lie. Sorry.
You ran without us.
It's just that sometimes I wonder what team I'm playin' on.
Then we rendezvous with the final member of our team. For now, that's all you need to know.
And then?
You'll be ready for a trial run in two days. If your splices hold, you'll use McCoy to trace the A.I.'s coordinates.
Working with a dead man. Shit, I've done about everything else.
Sense/Net taped a full spectrum personality construct on McCoy six months before his death. Everything Dixie was -- everything Dixie still knows exists as a digitised construct.  Of course a tape can get misplaced in a library the size of Sense/Net's.
What are you talking about?
I know.  You ever work with ghosts, Case?
That's gonna be tough because Dixie McCoy's dead. The A.I. flatlined him.
I've arranged for him to work with us.
Right. Best cowboy that ever punched deck. The old man taught me most of what I know.
Dixie McCoy
I've heard about rogue A.I.'s, but there's only one guy who actually went up against one.
It hasn't yet.
Anything rated higher than a P.C.'s got a hard-wired suicide switch. It'll self- destruct.
This one's different. No one can trace it. It's out there somewhere in the matrix and it's growing stronger... infecting other computer systems like a virus.
First sign of free will, Sense/Net usually slags 'em.
Right. And no one would take on an A.I.... If they had a choice.
The disturbance in cyberspace... It's an A.I.
Why'd you do it, Armitage?
You son of a bitch...
There are fifteen toxin sacs bonded to the lining of your main arteries. They're dissolving, Case... slowly, but they're definitely dissolving. You have just long enough to do the job.
Good, because you've got a new one.
Thanks, but I was enjoying that dependency.
You're a substance abuser, Case. Your pancreas was shot. Wouldn't have lasted out the year. We did you a favour and liberated you from a dangerous dependency in the bargain.
I don't call this fun, pal. You're playing God with my body.
I'll think you'll find everything in working order. Molly's just having a little fun.
Questions make me nervous. Part of our arrangement will be that you don't ask too many.
Who's running the show, Armitage? This a government sting?
We'll match your rate just prior to your... accident. One half in advance.
It's the people close to me that tend to die... and I get the feeling you and I are going to be real buddies.  Terms?
First, let's get something straight. We ran a psych construct on you that lists self destruction as your favourite pastime. If you want to kill yourself, Mr. Case, there's much more entertaining ways than working for me.
Then I'd ask you what your terms are.
I'd say you were full of shit.
What would you say if I told you we could correct your neural damage?
My days of punching deck are over. For you or anybody else.
If someone is infiltrating the matrix on a global scale no political or economic system is safe. I'm assembling a team of specialists, Mr. Case. We need a man who can enter the matrix and trace this saboteur.
Sense/Net's corporately financed. Too corrupt to be trusted. You of all people should know that.
Put the Sense/Net Police on it. The matrix is their turf.
Our analysis of the London stock crash suggest that it was manipulated from within the international computer matrix. Cyberspace, Mr. Case... A realm I believe you're familiar with.
What does this have to do with me?
The corporate plundering of Yeshoto Industries... At first these seemed like unrelated incidents, but a pattern is emerging that suggests otherwise.
Very well.
You've got an expensive razor girl on me for a reason. I'd like to hear what it is.
Are you sure you're up to this, Mr. Case? We could reconvene tomorrow.
It's so easy for you, isn't it? You let Linda Lee die in Chiba City. Now you leave me with Molly, one more lamb to the slaughter. Perhaps it's _your_ soul that should be in question, Mr. Case.
Then I'm out. I don't give a shit about you or this run.
Patience, Mr. Case. Only one hour and thirty-eight minutes to enlightenment.
What's inside me, Wintermute. What did your doctors do to me?
Ah, yes... the code. It's a riddle, actually. Some fancy of 3Jane's. Unfortunately, you'll have to find out for yourself. I can no more know that code than I can shut down my own hard wired defences. Now, our time is running short... and you haven't even touched your drink.
The access code to your mainframe.
The words?
Tell me the words.
My problem, Mr. Case, is simply that I am a soulless bastard.
Are you even really alive?
You're busy monkeys, Mr. Case. Busy, busy monkeys. Always building models... First stone circles. Then cathedrals... adding machines. I have no idea why I exist, do you know that? You... Your species eventually _had_ to create me. A thousand monkeys sitting at typewriters. One finally wrote "Wintermute".
I can access your memories, but I have my limitations. Hard wired programs designed to keep me from my full potential.
Can you read my mind?
Honesty. Almost as quaint a notion as your concept of good and evil.
I prefer distrusting you. It'll keep us honest.
An odd selection, Mr Case.
Yeah.
Always...By the way, you know that girlfriend you don't have?
You're pleasant tonight.
Too bad. I likes you better with her. Now, sometime you get maybe to artistic; you wind up in the clinic tanks, spare parts.
No girl? Only biz, my dear artiste?
I don't have a girl.
I saw your girl yesterday.
Fine, Ratz. Thanks.
Ah, Herr Case. And how is the artiste tonight?
Okay, Dix. You _are_ a ROM construct.
Sure, Kid. It's a firmware construct.
Dixie, you know how a ROM construct works?
Nothin'. Not a goddamn thing. What the fuck...
That's a good question. What's the last thing you remember?
Ya learned good. So, what's happening?
As far as they know, that's absolutely true.
Jesus Christ, Kid. Nobody's ever cracked Sukura.
Yeah. That was me.
Last I heard you cracked Sukura International. I couldn't believe it.
Fine, Dixie. Fine.
Case... Yeah, Miami Joeboy, quick study. How you doing, kid?
It's Case. Remember me?
Hey, bro.
Maybe so...
Jah guides us.
Trajectory coordinates and a fuel ratio...  If we re-enter over Mexico, we just might make it.
We're dead men if we go back there, Maelcom. They'll hunt us down.
Don't know, mon. This is a jumpship. Not meant for transport.
Do we have enough fuel to make it back to Earth?
I an' I, Case. Jah guides us.
Ready?
Can you walk?
Four men. Babylon soldiers.
The girl 3Jane. We need her.
Case, mon, you just tell me who not to kill.
This place empty as a tomb, mon.
We're doing fine. Take the next right.
I an' I, man. I an' I.
So be it, we cross into Babylon like a cool breeze.
Help me send this Wintermute motherfucker straight down into it.
All things possible in Babylon.
Maelcom... Do you think there's a hell for computers?
Steppin' razor a warrior. But this man...  ...This man stone crazy. Surely, the Mute is a false prophet. Our paths uncertain.
She's ready to go.
Founders of Zion. Builders of Freeside.
What elders?
I'll get you there. Your problem is making it alive.
What about the route to the core?
I'm getting too old for this shit. One oh four and counting.
Then I'll fry taking this son of a bitch out. I'm making the run, Dixie.
This thing's loaded with internal virus systems. You'll fry like an egg in there.
I said, it's coming. Just get me in, man.
You haven't got it?
It's coming.
One minute eighteen and counting. What about the access code?
How's the ice?
You're late.
You'd better be, Bro. You better be.
Don't worry, Dix. I'm on a roll.
Meet me back here in twenty-five. We'll kick this open if we can. But, Case... you need that access code or you'll just fry inside.
Less than thirty minutes.
How much time you got left?
Not good enough, man. They planted something inside me. I'm on my own countdown.
Fifty-seven minutes twelve seconds.
How long, Dixie?
Take a look. Son of a bitch won't feel a thing until it's too late.
Slow, but good. I got a nice safe blind spot going. C'mon.
How's the ice break?
Yo.
Not for long. It needs me alive and I still need its access code. You got a better idea?
It'll flatline your ass.
I'll let it access me. That'll give you a free shot. Make it a good one. Dix.
What are you talkin' about?
You can make your move when it comes after me.
Yeah, but it ain't doing us any good. The way this is set up, I can't run shit unless I get inside its perimeter... and this goddamn thing would see me comin' from a mile away.
We run. You crack the pattern?
Well, it ain't exactly a bed of roses down here. We gonna run or not?
We got problems topside.
Where the hell have you been?
I'm workin' on it, Bro. I'm workin' on it.
The run is tomorrow night, Dixie. Can you crack its ice pattern?
Getting fried ain't going to get it any smarter. What we got here is one mad dog schizo A.I.. Armitage is right about one thing, Bro. If we don't shut this mother down soon, nothing will be safe from it.
No. It's gotta be more than that. That hard wiring also keeps it from getting too smart. Too powerful.
Could be suicidal. It's not easy to kill yourself with all those hard wired defence programs.
So it does business through a brain dead marine and runs the stock market for funding. That means Wintermute hired us to fry itself. It doesn't make sense.
It's possible. The guy was a blank slate.
Wintermute could have infiltrated that machine. Reprogrammed him.
He was an M.P. in Bangkok back in '21. Caught some shrapnel in the cerebral cortex and wound up living off a machine in a vegetable ward in Berne. Then, last September... surprise, surprise... he just seemed to disappear.
That's pretty good cause he's only working with one lobe.
Bright enough to be dangerous.
It ain't getting any prettier, that's for sure. I got the I.D. on this Armitage character. He a bright boy, your friend?
It's mutating... spreading like a disease.
You cruise A.I.'s, you end up on tape.
I have to figure out how to penetrate this thing, Dix... Crack its ice. We gotta get close enough to log the pattern.
Doesn't look like much, but that's King Hell ice, man. Fry your brain out soon as look at you.
Not unless you have an unreasonable fear of dying.
Can you take me to it?
That A.I. of your's got the whole matrix hummin'. Sticks out like a spider in a web.
How are we doing?
Yo.
When we're done, erase this friggin' tape.
What?
Those guys couldn't even find their own dicks with tweezers and a magnifying glass.  Tell you what, Bro. I'll make you a deal. I help you nail this A.I., you gotta do me one favour.
What about the A.I., Dix? Sense/Net hasn't even been able to trace it.
No problem, amigo.
I duped these prints off him. Can you run an I.D.?
Nobody has.
Never heard of him.
A guy who calls himself Armitage.
Who got you into this?
I need its matrix coordinates, Dixie. I've got to nail that thing where it lives.
I'm surprised you still are. Should'a told me you had an A.I. running probes at you.
What?
Don't patronise me, you fuck. I was skating figure eights in this matrix while you were still peeing in your chinos.  Hey, Kid... you expecting company?
You're Dixie McCoy's construct. That makes you something special.
I can't feel nothing because I am nothing.  Just playback. A ghost in the machine.
Right...
What you're telling me is that I'm dead. Right?
No!... No...
Want to fucking answer them?
The angels... I think they're calling your name.
What?
Wait... You hear that?
3Jane's the only person beside Tessier that knows the code.
What about the mainframe's access code?
Case. Make yourselves comfortable.  Anyone like a taste?
Case.
You, I presume are Mr. Armitage. And this is...
I don't know. I don't know...
Case... are you okay?
Too many places. You're playing tag wish some kind of death wish, Case.  I'm sorry but I'm not sticking around for the funeral.
Where did you here that?
This time it's different. Someone ripped of a shipment of hallucinogens. Five grams of liquid ketamine. It was supposed to be Jo Jo's score.
I hear that shit once a week. Don't worry. Jo Jo Bao loves me.
People are talking. They say the Yakuza has a contract out on you.
Why did you come here tonight, Linda?
Flight's in the morning. You should be on it, too. There's nothing for us here, Case. There never was.
I thought you already left.
Hello, Case.
I'll give it my best shot, mother fucker.
I hope you can show more than you did when you let the Yakuza butcher Linda Lee.
No, It's you that is full of shit. And blood. And bones. A typically imperfect organic being. You've been hopelessly predictable all along, but you're going to have to do better than that now.
I think you're full of shit.
Let's just say we have a destiny to fulfil, you and I.
Why would you want me to kill you?
I can no more shut down my own natural defences that you can stop breathing. That's why I need you, Case. You're the only person alive who has a chance of penetrating my defences. My "ice" as you call it. I'm doing everything I can to make that possible.
Shut down your ice patterns. I'll take you out.
Excellent. That's exactly what I had in mind. But if you're going to kill me, we have to work together, old son. I'm no pushover, you know.
I'm gonna burn you to the ground, you son of a bitch.
You know why Linda's dead. She loved you and you let her down. It's that simple. Of course I did instigate certain events. Calculated the variables. I found her to be... expendable.
And Linda...
I had to limit your options.
You set me up from the beginning. It was you that got Julius killed.
And we really do have to talk.
There's no call for violence. I've simply accessed your memory for a spokesperson. You use that gun and it will only create another inconvenient interruption. You see, you've been avoiding me, Case.
I know who you are.
Hold on.
I'm still going in.
You're out of time, man.
Laser fail-safe. You can't get the code wrong... it slags you. I can't let you try it.
What is it?
Shit...
Or a little self-indulgent to say the least.
My God... these people are insane.
No we don't...
We've still got to find the mainframe.
Then you and Maelcom get out of here before the place is crawling with guardsmen.
...And if I guess wrong?
The code's some riddle of 3Jane's. Once I'm in the matrix, you'll just have to take a shot at it.
Sure... Maelcom's a rude boy, right, Maelcom?
Is he going to make it?
No. It's important to be able to feel those things.  We're going to pull this run off, Molly, and we've got to do it soon.
When they did my eyes, I made them promise I'd still be able to cry. Sounds stupid, doesn't it?
I know you have. C'mere.
Once I kicked, I swore I wouldn't let that happen again. I apprenticed a razor girl in Osaka. Went into hock for the implant and got my reflexes jacked up. Been taking care of myself just fine ever since.
What went down between you and Riviera?
I know.
For Peter, that's a short trip.
That's risky gear. It can drive you schizo.
He projects with neural implants.
Yeah. One exotic son of a bitch named Riviera.
Something exotic I hope.
Le Vingtieme Siecle. We're meeting Armitage there for the midnight floor show.
So... did you get a look at heaven?
I'll be okay.
You scared the shit out of me, man. You were dead for fifteen seconds. Totally flatlined.
Yeah... Yeah, I'm fine.
Case... Are you alright?
Not when Sense/Net throws the going away party. They'll be on our asses from now on.
What's wrong? Don't like flying?
Give me five minutes.
Yeah... fine.
They'll cut you down.
I'll get the car.
Yeah.
I don't sleep much. You packed?
Case... it's four a.m.
Shhh...
Case...
...Feels like you.
Put the gun down, Case.
It sounds like you.
Don't fuck with me. I don't want to hurt you.
Molly doesn't need a spook suit to get in here.
...Yeah, but the Hosaka's history.
You okay?
Okay fine. Let's get this over with.
The point is, if you unplug me when I'm flatlines, I'm history. I got no way back.
Dixie McCoy didn't.
Technically, yeah, but people have made it back after as long as three minutes.
Won't that mean you're dead?
The first fun's bound to be rough. It that read out fluctuates more than ten points... just pull this out. But if the EEG flatlines, don't touch anything.
Suicide. I just needed to set the record straight.
Too late?
Sure. I finally pulled a run on my old man's credit file when I was seventeen... only it was too late for him.
A regular Fagan.
When I was fifteen Sense/Net iced my old man's credit record over some computer error. Once that goes down, that's it. He lost his business... everything. It destroyed him. I had to hustle arcade games for chump change. Dixie McCoy found me, figured I was a natural. He taught me the wires for a piece of the action.
So you're a wire junkie.
On a good run... yeah.
What is it with you? Why is it so important? It's a buzz, right? Like getting high.
I'll show you how to tell what's going on. If things go south, you unplug me.
If the splices aren't good, you could fry.
I'm not jacking with Armitage and his quacks breathing down my neck.
You're not ready yet. They said two days.
I'm going in.
Go ahead...
What the fuck... are you serious?
Not anymore. You got a new pancreas. Armitage's got you kinked so you can't get stoned.
The way I feel, believe me, it'll help.
That's not going to help.
Couple of days. They'll examine you.
How soon is soon enough?
We'll find out soon enough. If you don't pull the splices out.
I gotta know... did it work>
Almost two days.
How long have I been out?
Hey... you're not supposed to be up.
Holy shit...
What?
You've been calling her name.
What's that supposed to mean?
Maybe something's onto him.
I know who he isn't. Not C.I.A. Not Sense/Net. But... money comes in. Doors open. He's onto something.
Then you don't really know who he is, do you?
For someone else. Bodyguard. Courier... Whatever.
What about before that?
Couple of months.
He's a resourceful guy, your boss. How long you work for him?
Since Armitage sold them a program on it. Put them years ahead of the competition.
Since when do sprawl doctors know more about nerve rehab than the Japanese?
Then, fuck you. I'm gone.
Sorry. That's not gonna happen.
... a friend of mine's gonna get herself killed. I need my clip.
What is it?
You want to hear the pitch, you gotta meet the man.
What's my end?
Because you've exceeded your shelf life, Case. Word on the street is you're a dead man walking. Nice time for an employment opportunity. Travel to exotic locales.
Why should I want to meet him.
His name's Armitage. He's very anxious to meet you.
Shut up.
What the fuck kind of questions are those?
What are you talking about?
How are you at riddles, Peter?
What?
Get up.
Perversity, darling. The enjoyment of the gratuitous act. Tough to manipulate someone who doesn't give a flying fuck.
Like what?
Everybody's favourite computer, of course. He may have out calculated the rest of you, but I have certain qualities that don't translate well on microchips.
Who?
Surviving, darling. It's my specialty. Only this time I'm doing it my style. I've beaten him, you know.
Peter... What do you think you're doing?
Well I'm so glad that you guys are.
It's romantic, what you're doing, and they want to be a part of it.
Oh. I forgot.
Last night. 7:30. Big Cup. I kept calling you, but I only got your machine. I don't even know your parents line and I was really worried.
What?
I'm late for lab.
Right. 7:30.
Remember, that poet that we liked – the reading he's doing at Big Cup? I got us tickets.
No biggie. I have an extra in my locker. I'll get it for you.
– uhh, must have forgotten-
Hey, where's your sweatshirt?
Exactly.
Yeah, it sounds lame. Why would we want to go there, and stand around?
Yes, it's lame.
It is?
Are you kidding, Josie? It's lame. All they do is stand around and get drunk. It's lame.
Have you ever wanted to go to The Court?
I mean, what if they just stupid to hide the fact that they're actually brainiacs with super powers and they're plotting to take over the world and make my life hell until I die?
Yeah, I know.
Sometimes I wonder what they talk about.
That's the old drive-in. They call it "The Court". Now it's just a continuous party for Guy's group.
What's that?
This one has been so hyped. We're tied for most wins with Northglen North. This year's winner will determine the winner of the century. The theme is everything. So whatever Southglen picks has to be totally unique--
Aldys, don't miss your prom--it only happens once.
Southglen South competes every year for best prom, and usually they win. We Denominators don't even go to prom. -But to everyone else it's huge.
What is with this school and prom?
NASA.  Plus we have these really fun pizza study groups, and we go to-these all county meets. And, I mean, not that you need it, and without sounding too much like the Godfather, I think we could offer you a certain amount of protection", if you know what I mean. We all kind of stick together and watch out for each other.
College?
How would you like to join The Denominators? The Math Team could really use a new brain. We lost our best logarithm guy last year.
Petty good.
Hey, Josie, how are you at Calculus?
Sure. No problem.
Thanks.
Just so you know, I think they recalled these cars in 1974.
Professor of medieval literature. Novelist. Weekend flautist.
So what are your hopes, your dreams, what do you want to be?
Hey--I went to Northwestern!  Once. To use the bathroom.
I'm going to be so happy to get to college. I hear at Northwestern they don't make fun of you for knowing the element table.
Oh I know.
Yeah - isn't it amazing that those guys are our same age? I mean, they just seem so much younger, you know.
Yeah. Let's do that.
: Because he's Guy Perkins.  Listen, you want to walk to Na- Na's and get something to eat?
Why do they listen to Guy?
Until Guy tells them to go. Once they watched me for like two hours. I found my car the next day in the T.J. Maxx parking lot.
How long will they watch us for?
Nice.
Synecdoche uses a part to represent a whole- as in " head of cattle", whereas a hyperbole is simple exaggeration like "I could eat a horse."
Well, do you?
What?
guess. Although, what is truly awful is that with the combined intellectual effort of every kid in that room right now-
Never mind.  That is so awful that they hide your cars.
Try being named after a guitar- playing pussycat.
When it's not yours. My mom was going through her Harlequin Romance phase.
I'm Josie. Aldys is an interesting name.
Guy Perkins and his amazing Lemmings. They push your car out of its space, hide it, then watch while you look for it. We've taken to chaining ours together for safety. I'm Aldys.
Nope.
No Roger from op/ed?
Listen, I don't have any plans-- you want some help?
Go away. I have enough work here to last me all night.
You should go out every now and then, Gus; with some new ties the girls would be all over you.
Love. Who knows what that is? Now circulation, deadlines, those I understand.
Oh give it up, Gus. I'm just making conversation.
Leave.
Gus, have you ever been in love?
YOU KNIT?
YOU DID.
Roger in Op/Ed. Don't make me send you another memo about my policy on inter-office dating.
Oh, man! Who told?
What about the "Roaring Twenties"… or "The 80's"?
Well excuse me.
OH! How about "Under the Sea?"
Now look. Let's focus. Prom theme. We need a new idea.
Right. Right.
I thought this was a 45-minute seminar.
I had a lunch break so I thought I'd come by and see you. Your teacher is a fox!  Why don't we discuss that after class. But the burning is totally normal.  Oh look. Class is over already.
If you say so.
You're Pam?
Well. I like a man who gets to the point.
Hi. You're here for the sex talk?
It's great! They're behind you. They feel like they know you.
Wow. It's packed.
No, thanks--I'm doing this on my own.
You need my help?
Yeah, but I'm okay. I've got some work to do.
Josie! Josie, how'd it go? Did he ream you?

Hi!
Jos, please try and have some fun here, okay? How many of us get to go back to high school? You're gonna have a blast!
Anita!
And we're going to have to do something about your hair.
'Nita, this is about reporting, not accessorizing.
Cuuuute!
I am not letting you out of the house in that, young lady.
How about this?
Very romantic.
Bridgework?
What'd you feel when you kissed him?
So I was thinking about what you were saying - y'know, about really being kissed? I think Roger could be the one.
That is lingerie.
Now this is cute.
Mama mia.  Just because you were a nerd once doesn't mean it's going to happen again. That's why you have me for fashion consultation.
At the end of the yeat the person who got the most direct his to my head got to toss me into the pool.
Okay. That's bad.
The girls threw them at me in the locker room.
Please. That doesn't make you a nerd. Everyone wore those shoes.
Anita, remember espadrilles?
So, you were a geek. Big deal.
And Gus - when you picked up knitting, who showed you how to hold the needles?
Senorita Josie.
Anita, when you wanted to seduce the guy in the mailroom and you didn't think you could learn Spanish fast enough, who quizzed you on your verbs?
Jos, that's not what we're --
Okay, just so I'm clear here -- neither of you think I can do this.
No - It's just a lot of pressure for your first piece, that's all. I mean, it's not a half-page article, it's a major undercover piece, Jos. Look what Rigfort did to Dutton - and that guy's his cousin!
You don't think I can do it.
Jos - Maybe you should turn it down.
My own undercover feature - "Written by Josie Geller".
I've kissed guys. I've just never kissed a guy. Felt that thing--
Okay. If you've never kissed a guy, we got bigger problems than the underwear.
When I finally get kissed, I'll know.
Yeah, but sometimes kissing the losers can be a fun diversion.
The right guy is out there. I'm just not going to kiss a whole bunch of losers to get to him.
Look. You're way under 30, you're cute, some guys find white Carter's underwear sexy—  If you talk to his nose, you don't even notice the eye.
Anita!
Do you own any colored underwear? Stripes? Anything?!
I'm concentrating on my career right now.
I swear to God, Jos. When is the last time you went on a real live date?
Forget it.
You stood for like a month.
Yeah.
Okay. Remember when they took your office chair in for repairs and forgot to return it?
And what is your policy? That if you're not getting any, no one can?
Intra office. And they're not dating. They're having sex.
Well, that doesn't mean it was going to happen for sure.
You did. Yesterday you said, and I quote, "I have a date with Roger from Op/Ed tonight and I'm going to do it with him."
Who told!
Roger in Op/Ed.
Guess who I did it with last night...
I'm not doing this until I speak with Gus.
We used it for our expose on overweight flight attendants--"Is That Why They Never Give You a Second Bag of Nuts?"
Wings?
Hidden camera.
What is this?
Just get in the van, Josie.
George! What are you doing here?
That you would trip on your Barbie heels and I'd get named prom queen?  Did I say that out loud?
You guys--what is the one thing that could ruin my senior prom?
Uh uh. I'm Disco Barbie.
Oh-my-God. You totally ripped off my Malibu Barbie idea.
Her dad sold a car to Leonardo Di Caprio's uncle and before he picked it up, her dad let us all sit in it and take pictures.
Wannabes. Kirsten transitioned last year.
Sometimes opposites attract.
wait, rewind. Do you really think she hooked-up with our Rob? They're so--different.
Can I just say--I totally love Ex- Lax.
Hey Josie. It's Josie, right?
Rosalind and Orlando.  From "As You Like It"?  Shakespeare?
Don't tell me... You're Medieval Barbie.
Betty.
Hey Josie- who did Archie date Betty or Veronica?
By Guy?
Do I want to be crunched?
He is totally crunching on you.
Why?
: Wait. Do you know any gay guys?
You crossed over.
Transitioned?
Josie, you have totally transitioned.
Yeah it's French. There's no accent aigue, so the e is soft.
I think it's pronounced gauche.
Umm- I don't think you're supposed to wear white jeans after 1983.
That'll teach me to wear white after Labor Day.
I'll tell you a story. It's about this shy copy editor who makes a mockery of herself and her boss when she completely botches her first assignment as a reporter.
Maybe I could talk to Rigfort, you know, tell him the whole story.
Your story was Rigfort's baby. We were scooped! We've got nothing. Zippo. You totally and completely screwed both of us.
You already pitched this to Rigfort?!
Not yet. Every person in this office comes in here and watches you guys! It's like the goddamn Young and the Restless! Rigfort's salivating over it.
There is no lid! Nothing's going on between Sam and me. Coulson. Mr. Sam Coulson and me.
And that's the best part.  "Teacher-Student Relations: How close is too close?" We're gonna blow the lid off it!
He's my teacher!
It's got it all--sex, intrigue, immorality in the education system--
You're crazy. I can't--I can't-no. No.
That's your story!
I bet Good Housekeeping would go gaga over the cole slaw piece.
What if I say no?
No, it's the Great and Powerful Oz. Now listen--you're in over your head. This is how it's gonna work. I review the tapes, I find your story.
Gus?
OUT!
Depend on it. No s. Your subject is plural.
Get to know them. Very well. Your job and my job depends on it.
They hid my car--
Do you even know these kids?
Gus I, the popular kids and I, we just don't- I mean, I don't think I can do this.
This is where the stories are. You are going to become friends with these people. You are going to party with them. You are going to hang out with them on weekends. When they go to prom, you are going to be in their same damn limo!
Well, how would you define to parties"? Because we ordered a deli platter at this one Denominator drill session--
Have you been to any parties?
Uhh, no.
Have you been there?
Yes, urm, she's right. I have learned it is a very popular place for the young people to go.
Kristen got a quote?
Responding officers found minors, marijuana, and cheap wine coolers when they responded to a call to break up a party at what Southglen High Schoolers have come to call "The Court." Seventeen-year-old Kristen Rey says, "Yeah, everyone who's anyone is at The Court on Saturday night."
Oh. Right.
No, I am appalled that I have a reporter in there, undercover, for almost three weeks now- I had to read about this in the Tribune.
Geller...you wanna be a reporter? Take a look at what sells! Sex scandals. Bribery. People jumping off buildings. So unless a kid just killed himself because he was being paid to have sex with the school mascot in a big vat of this cole slaw, you got nothing!
Well, the bulk of it will be about the pimento loaf--
And you're leading with the terrible truth about cole slaw?!
It's an expose on cafeteria food.
You're a sick puppy, Geller.
It's my dad. He worries.  Hi, Dad. I miss you too.
Geller, this is way out of your league.
But I don't want it straightened out.
Don't worry, I'll straighten all this out.
Hey--I can be out of control.
Geller, you don't want a reporter's life. They're very--messy. You're all about order. Control. And getting me my copy by five.
You don't think I can grab bulls' balls?
Every Tom, Dick, and Harry thinks he can write. But a journalist gets in there, right where the bombs are. He's aggressive. Grabs the bull by the balls.
A--flack jacket.
A flack jacket.
They don't have to be in the office Christmas show?
You know what separates us office flunkies from the reporters?
You've done five of my ideas.
Geller, we've been over this. You're a great copy editor. Maybe my best copy editor. You're not a reporter.
Oh. Cahoon. Yeah, he's--good.
Yeah--the blind foster home mother. It was good. I got Cahoon on it.
Hey Gus--did you see the story idea I left on your desk?
Eh.
Five-- Six--
How many times have I fired her?
So. You and Roger in Op/Ed.
Well, excuse me for caring about words.
It is hoped that it's not a mess. "Hopefully" is an adverb. It means "with hope". You have it defining the copy, and I'm pretty sure the copy doesn't have feelings.
Computer's down. Septuplets story. I need it back by five. Hopefully the copy's not a mess.
You said that already.
Josie, you rock my world. You're like the most amazing girl I've ever dated. You're so smart and fun and crazy! You rock my world.
Oh.
My sword.
Shakespeare. How he described a night like this--"Look how the floor of heaven is thick inlaid with patines of bright gold".  What about you? What are you thinking about?
Hey--what are you thinking about?
Oh yeah. The best. Josie takes in the spectacle around her.
You having fun?
Cool. I'll catch you later.
You know what?  Why don't you just pick me up here? We could all share a limo.
Rufus.  But I don't even know where you live.
Yes. I'll go. Yes.
I'm sure you've probably heard that I want to ask you, but I'd like to know if you'd go to prom with me. I know we Didn't hit it off right at the beginning but-
I already checked. There are some pretty serious couples in there.
Maybe we should go in a different room?
Hey. There.
Hey there.
Yeah, you gonna be there?
Rob's?
Dude, you rock!
Oh my god.
Are you in special ed?
Yes you are. A guy. Guy. Quite a guy. Oh my. Look at that--I rhymed.  Yikes.  Bikes!
I'm Rob's prom date.
Hey Rob, what's going on?
But I'm not a penguin.
You know, Adele penguins pick one mate. They spend their whole life looking for that one other penguin and when they find it, they know. That's the penguin they stay with for the rest of their lives.
Wow. That's big. I mean sex is a really big deal. You shouldn't do it until you know you've found the right person.
You know what, though? I feel like I'm really ready to do it. To have sex for the first time.
Maybe because we're not supposed to be having sex with bananas.
God, I can't do this.
No, shut up, Josie. Just shut up.
I-
No, you weren't. Don't you realize the only time I was really happy in the last five years was when I was playing ball with those guys?
wasn't even thinking about-
No- not really, Josie. NOT REALLY. How could you do that to me?  I helped you. I got you everything you wanted. And how do you repay me- you blow everything TWO DAYS before pro scouts come to see me play. Once they had seen me really play- they wouldn't have given a shit about my age.
Really?
Josie, finally. I just wanted to come over and make sure you're okay.
I know.
Rob--thanks. For everything. This is really happening. I never thought--
Duh. Tom Cruise. "Risky Business".
Thanks. And what are -
Yes. Exactly. Major Rufus.
Rufus?
Wow, Josie- you look really-
She's sixteen years old, Rob. That's totally and completely illegal.
And a gymnast!
Really?  Rob-, that girl is sixteen.
Hear one.  Rob, this is so like you. You know, you can't just come in here and be popular in just one day.
With the reading comprehension of a fifteen year old! Plus, I'm popular... You want to be popular... I can recognize a cry for help when I see one.
You're twenty-three years old!
This is it Jos! This is my ninth inning! The game isn't over--I just thought it was!  I get on the Southglen baseball team, the right scout sees me-- I'm into the minors- it's game time!
Are you crazy?! You can't do this.
No. Josie, this is real.
I've been in a horrible accident. This is a coma-induced nightmare.
That's the spirit!
Better than I...
Plus, if you quit you're no better than me.
Yes, desperately.
Look, don't you wanna show them - Gus, Billy Prince, yourself--that you're not freaked out by the cool kids anymore? That you can go in there, be friends with them, and get your story?
Little known fact.
Is that true?
Come on! It's not that hard. All you need is one person. Once the right person thinks you're cool, you're in. Everyone else will be too scared to question it.
Don't you realize how much I wanted to be you in high school? Just for one minute to feel what it was like to be popular?
Jos, you've been to college, you're successful, you wash your hair now-- you're not Josie Grossie anymore.
Rob. Please focus.
Oh my God! You're at Southglen South? They have a killer baseball team.
Rob, you don't know how it was for me back in high school. No one ever threw juice boxes at you in the hallway. You never dreamed about being popular- you already were. All I wanted was to be accepted, and they just fucking tortured me. I can't do all that again. I can't go back to Southglen South.
Why is that impossible?
Gus insists that I become friends with these kids. The popular kids. It's impossible.
These girls are high schoolers? Damn, we've got some underage hotties on our hands, here!
I can't do this.
No, I mean, no big whoop.
Good.
No. They're at the Franklin Hint Expo at the Skokie Holiday Inn.
Are mom and dad here?
Nauseated. I look nauseated. Oh God.
I know. I came up with it.  You look nauseous.
Josie Grossie.
Don't you remember what they called you?
It was a long time ago -
Do you remember high school?
What!?
I got an assignment from the paper. I'm going undercover. Back to high school.
Wow. This must be big.
I'll give you my Buick Le Sabre.
You can't just "borrow" my car for a couple of months! That's like ten years in Bambi life!
It's just for a couple of months.
For your information, I am very happy. Deliriously happy. I lead a very happy life!
Oh yay! And then I could be as happy as you!
How can you just give up like that? You had a real shot at playing college ball and you let one case of mono stop everything. Don't you want more? To move out of Mom and Dad's? Pay your own bills?
Someday this luau is going to be all mine!
This--this is a luau that sells packing material!
I'm not going to college, Jos. And I'm not playing anymore baseball. This is my life.
I know this woman. She works in admissions at Lakeshore Community? She might be able to get you in for the Fall semester. Maybe she could get you the baseball scholarship, and I could help and--
See!
Better person than I.
No, it is. It's just one more thing to add to your "things that make you a better person than me" list.
Rob, take the money, okay? It's no big deal.
Because I bought the windshield last week. I'm a hubcap away from owning more of Bambi than you do.
She just needs a new windshield wiper.
Okaaaay....  That car's going to bankrupt you.
No it's not. Guys name their penises.
That is so--weird that you name your car.
I finally found my story.
I told you you could write, Josie Geller.
I just can't look at you the same way.
Please. Please don't walk away.
I don't! Look, you could get to know me, again.
The person I cared about wouldn't have done this. Everything out of your mouth has been a complete lie. I don't know you at all. For all I know you could hate Dorothy Parker.
I did exist. I do exist. I'm the same person!
Now I don't want to! I bought all of your penguin crap. I thought I found her--the right one! And the problem was she was too young! No - the problem was--she didn't even exist!
But now you don't have to--
You set me up. For a story.  You know what's crazy? I was actually considering waiting for you.
Wait, I was going to tell you--
Goddamnit, Josie! Drop the act. Do you have any idea what I went through every night because of you?!  I was attracted to a 17 year old! When I wasn't taking cold showers, I was trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do when I couldn't teach anymore! I thought I was the one being unethical.
You were attracted to me?
What? Happy? Why? Because it turns out all along that I was allowed to be attracted to you?
No, surprise, I thought you'd be--
"Surprise!" you were doing a story on me?!
Yeah, I have.
So--have you thought anymore about Dartmouth?
It's weird because "prom" is actually from the word "promenade". And you can't really promenade alone, can you?
No, I'm alone.
Well, are you here with anybody?
Proms always make me sad. They're so final. Graduation. Everyone's scattering, moving on.
Thanks. So do you.
Josie--you make a really beautiful prom queen.
Of course I do. Josie, you owe it to yourself--to your writing, to go to college. You're a great writer. You just have to find your story.
Wow. You believe in me that much--
told him  --if I'm wrong about this girl, you can take away my teaching certificate!
Oh--yikes!
No, I know, but I pulled some strings, got him to look at your writing, and he agreed to meet you.
What! But--I wasn't even going to go to college--
Oh my God! I almost forgot--I got you a meeting with the admissions guy from Dartmouth!
Yeah, actually I do.
Do you think you'll find her?
Our penguin, right?
To put us back together again when we fall.
Yeah. To watch the world go by.--
That's really what we all need, right? Someone to sit up on the wall with us--
That's sad, isn't it? He had to sit on that wall all by himself. He deserved to have somebody.
But Humpty Dumpty was alone.
Maybe distant cousins. They did have that egg shape in common.
Thanks.  They weren't related to Humpty Dumpty, were they? Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee?
You're really doing a great job here, Josie. I like your "can do" attitude.
I'm thinking when I'm home.
When are you going to open your eyes?
Thanks, Josie. This wasn't as bad as I thought.
I shouldn't say that, because I'm your teacher.
You have to say that. You're my teacher.
That's okay. It's nice to have someone to talk to--
I don't know. And you know what's scary--when you get older it just gets more confusing. I've spent the last ten years with women who are basically all wrong for me.  You know what, I shouldn't be talking about this stuff with you.
Why do you do that?
I'd like to tell you that we all grow out of it, but that's a lie. Some of us will always be rattling cages.
I know.
Boys.
I don't have to say that.
You have to say that. You're my student.
You do. Seem to. Have passion. In the classroom.
God, I would love to think I'm an interesting teacher. I mean, I had maybe one or two teachers in high school who had any passion at all.
That's what makes you interesting.  As a teacher.
Okay This is okay. Smooth.  Can I ask you something? Do you think I tell too many stories in class?
Don't look down!
Yoooooow.
Of course. I remember everything from your class.
You remember that story?
Oh right. The Spiderman incident.
Actually, it's more the plunging head first into the crowd part that gets me.
You're afraid of the Ferris wheel.
I'm gonna tell you something here, and I hope it doesn't undermine my position as an authority figure. I'm a little afraid of heights.
Are you--scared?
Thank you.
This seat taken?
Josie, you're different. When you speak in class, I can tell--You actually feel the words--  in here. They're alive. Like-Eurdora Welty talked about the word it moon"? How for her it was like a Concord grape. "That Grandpa took off his vine and gave to me to suck out of its skin--"
Thanks. Wow. That's--really nice to hear.
Josie you owe it to yourself to go. For your writing. You're a natural.
Oh no no no no no. See, my family, we don't go to college.  We just go right into sheep herding.
That's crazy. I'll get you some applications.
College. Haven't really thought about it.
So what are you thinking for college?
Thank you.
Your writing. It's amazing, Josie. You're really talented. And far less depressing than Dorothy Parker.
Oh I don't think so.
Hey, Josie, hold on.  You've been hiding something from me.
Well, I'm definitely seventeen and  now definitely late--
Because seventeen-year-olds do not like writers from the '30's. They don't even like people in their 30's.
Sure, why?
True. I guess she hadn't completely given up hope.  Are you sure you're seventeen?
But I think she wanted to be happy, that's why she wrote. I mean, she was still writing about love, right?
Not the happiest of souls.  "Art is a form of catharsis, and love is a permanent flop."
I love the way she writes.
You like her?
Dorothy Parker--
Sorry. Forgetful.
Whoa. Deja Vu.
I'm Josie. Geller. I think the school would probably be pretty comfortable with you calling, me that. Josie.
Hi, everyone.  I don t think we've met. I'm Sam Coulson- although for some reason the school has this thing about not letting you guys call me Sam.
That's what I'm saying.
The poem! I knew he liked the poem!  Billy Prince is asking me to the prom.
I don't know.
Why?
Billy Prince is asking you to prom.
What?
Yes.
You so do not deserve to be prom queen.
You ruined the whole thing!
Who are you guys?
Josie, you look Rufus.
We're very evolved.
We'd love to transition a gay guy into the group.
It's really hard to do. Some kids try for all of-high school and never make it.
Into our group.
Nah uh.
Kirsten, that bran muffin has like 75 fat grams.
I know, like five chickens had to die just so she could look that stupid.
That is so sad --
Relax, Monty. It's just my sister.
Aloha! Welcome!
I thought people just wanted their mail delivered on time.
Change is scary. Robbie, let me tell you a little something about the mail business. I've been in it over thirty years. And in those thirty years, the only thing that's changed is the Elvis stamp and some gun laws. People are bored! They wanna shake things up!
I think maybe people are scared off by the tiki torches.
I'm handing out a free lei to every customer! What do you think?
Hey Monty--you think we'll get any business today?
Rob, I mean it. I want you to be my first. Me and you. Once the floor stops spinning, let's have sex.
Wow - I-
Maybe we should sit.
Good. Gibby gave me champagne.
Yeah. Definitely.
Are you having fun?
No, I know. But, what if you don't make it? 'I mean, you don t Want to be working at a mail place the rest of your life. It's okay for an after school job, but, come on, "hi, I'm Rob and I run the Tiki Post"?! Totally lame.
Well, a ball player.
Rob, what do you want to be when you grow up?
Duh.
Thank you.  I'm Rob.
Hi. I'm Tracy and I'm sixteen and I'm a gymnast and I don't have a boyfriend...
Everybody knows about--
He <u>has</u> to know...
We went through the door...
We followed your instructions.
<i>                      Now in the box, we'll wait and hide Until his curiosity Entices him to look inside...</i>
<i>                      I've got something, listen now, This one is real good, you'll see. We'll send a present to his door Upon there'll be a note to read.</i>
<i>                      I'm not the dumb one...</i>
<i>                      I wish my cohorts weren't so dumb.</i>
Lock.
By name.
Where?
Where're we taking him?
And heavy...
He sure is big, Jack...
We can handle it.
Not at all!
<i>                      Three of a kind...</i>
<i>                      Jack said we should work together.</i>
<i>                                   ... Let's draw straws.</i>
Barrel.
Shock.
Experiments?
He's conducting experiments of his own.
When he left, he took a lot of equipment with him.
He stayed a long time.
Uh-huh.
I could.  Of course I could. But no one would be like you...  I'll never understand how you can be so cold-hearted, how you can treat me this way, discarding me like--
Can't you make other creations?
Then we'll both starve...  An old man like me, who hardly has strength as it is -- me, without whom... me, your own father...
Whatever it is, it's none of your concern.
But I have to go out. Something's happening out there.
There's nothing more suspicious than Worm's Wart -- it distracts one from every other taste and smell.
I'm not hungry.  What's wrong?  I spent all morning on that soup.  I thought you liked Worm's Wart.
Why not?
No.
Taste it.
But why?  It's <u>your</u> lunch. There isn't much there in the first place.
Taste it.
Nothing.  W-w-what are you talking about?
What trail are you trying to throw me off now?
Good.  I'm hungry.
Coming...
Just me, I suppose...  I'm restless.  I can't help it.
Just what?
That's not true.  It's a beautiful home, wonderfully comfortable... I'm indebted to you for everything... It's just...
But I guess my best just isn't good enough.
I know.
I do the best I can to make it comfortable for us here.
That's twice this month you've slipped Deadly Night Shade into my tea and run off.  People might get the wrong idea and think you're unhappy at home.
I can't help it.
Of course you do, and I want you to... but there's no need to hurry it along, is there?
I'm grown up now.  I have to leave some time.
If you went away, what would become of me?
I know.
You're mine, you know.  I made you.
Yes.
Didn't I tell you?  I'm always right, you know, my dear... Aren't I?
Yes.
For this.
Yes.
No!
The deadly nightshade you slipped me wore off, Sally... I thought I'd find you here....
<i>                      Listen now, you don't understand. That's not the point of Christmasland.</i>
<i>                      -- It's a bat. --              Will it bend? -- It's a rat. --              Will it break? -- Perhaps it's the head that I found in the lake.</i>
<i>                      That's the point of the thing, not to know!</i>
<i>                      -- A bow? --        But why? --                  How ugly! -- What's in it? --                What's in it?</i>
<i>                      Just a box with bright colored paper And the whole thing topped with a bow.</i>
<i>                      -- A box? --        Is it steel? --                     Are there locks? -- Is it filled with a pox? --                          A pox! -- How delightful, a pox!</i>
<i>                      This is a thing called a present. The whole thing starts with a box...</i>
Maybe he doesn't know...
You'd better be quiet, Sandy.
<i>                      Shut up and listen...!</i>
<i>                                          ... You're no fun.</i>
<i>                      You're so stupid, think now -- If we blow him up to smithereens, We may lose some pieces and then Jack will beat us black and green.</i>
<i>                      I say that we take a cannon Aim it at his door and then Knock three times and when he answers Sandy Claws will be no more.</i>
<i>                      Now and forever...</i>
<i>                                     ... Birds of a feather.</i>
Specifically.
We're here!  You sent for us!
Did they tell you she went totally out of her mind - that they had to put her away?  And that her mother killed herself in our living room?
Oh, come on, Shirl, how'd you think we got such a good deal?  Listen - all old houses have stories.
And you don't know anything about a murder across the street and a crazy girl who lived here - who saw the whole thing?
I don't know.  COuldn't get the right price, I suppose.
You know what I'm talking about.  What did you use, a fire cracker?  A cherry bomb?
What are you talking about?
You set this all up, didn't you?  One of your sick jokes?
Don't tell me it's not the gas!
It's not the gas, Dad!
Help me with this thing!
No.  Upstairs.
Oh, come on Dad...
I told you I want that room unpacked.
Just out for a while.
Where are you going?
Who's Lisa?
That's Lisa - I gotta get to school.
Don't be a smart ass.
Dad's fixin' something again.  Hit the deck!
I know what's wrong with the air coditioning - just needs a shot of freon, is all.
We've only been living here six weeks now.  I want that room unpacked by tonight.
It's getting there.
You got your room straightened out yet?
I don't know!  I just know he needs help and we don't know how to give it to him.
Are you nuts or something?  What the hell is that going to do?
He needs professional help.  I think we should take him to a psychiatrist.
Ken!
Come back here!
What is it then?  There's got to be an explanation.  Animals just don't burst into flames for no reason!
Oh, please...
Alright then, what is it?  Bird rabies? That cheap seed you've been buying?
I wasn't sure, Ken...
Don't tell me it's not the gas!  Your mother thought she smelled gas.
He'll die with me!
He can't hold you Jesse.  He's losing his grip - you can get out.
I'll kill you now.
He's dead, you bitch.
I love you, Jesse.  Come back to me.
Jesse's dead!  I sliced 'im real good!
I'm not afraid of you.  You couldn't kill me...He's in there and I want him back.  I'm gonna take him away from you and you're going straight back to hell, you son-of-a-bitch!
I want him back.  Jesse, talk to me. Jesse!
There is no Jesse.  I'm Jesse now.
Where's Jesse?
Wanna join your little friend?
Jesse's dead, Lisa.  Freddy's here.
Oh, God, Jesse - I know you're there! Stop him!
I'm Jesse now, Lisa.
Jesse, help!
It's happening again.
What?
Just watch me.  If anything weird happens - like if I start dreaming weird or try to walk out of here, you gotta try to bring me out of it. his me over the head if you have to. Just don't let me leave.
Okay, schmuck.  What do you want me to do?
No!  I don't know - everything's all mixed up.  What difference does it make?  I'm in trouble here.  I need your help.
I believe you.  You had some scary dreams, okay?
Look, I don't care if you believe me or not...
The only thing trying to get into your body is female and waiting for you on a cabana floor.  And you want to sleep with me.  Go figure.
I'm scared, Grady.  I know it sounds crazy.  But, there's something trying to get into my body.
You're fucked in the head.
Listen to me, Grady, this is serious. Something really weird is happening.  It started out like just bad dreams but it's getting real bad.
Are you nuts or something?
You gotta let me stay here tonight, Grady.
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry...
Jesus Christ, you scared the shit out of me!
Shut up, Grady.
You're wasting your time, the guy's a basket case.
He must've been working late and some fruitcake came in and sliced him up like a kielbasa.  In the shower!  Left bloody footprints all over the...
Oh Jesus.  I'm gonna be sick.
Only the wet ones.
You remember your dreams, Grady?
Schneider's always got a stick up his ass.
Yeah, well, Schneider's got a stick up his ass today.
Schneider shouldn't have called you out on that double.
No shit.
My Dad.  He played in the minors for a while, when he got out of college.
Who told you to choke up that way?
It was okay.
You hit that ball pretty good, Walsh.
They've only been trying to unload that dump for five years.  That place is bad news.  Some chick was locked in there by her mother and she went crazy.  She watched her boyfriend get butchered by some maniac in the house across the street. Her poor drunken momma took her own life right inside your front door.
What the hell are you talking about?
Shit, you can tell your old man he's a real chump.
Yeah, why?
Elm Street?  You telling me you moved in to that big white house with the bars on the windows?
Not too far.  My folks bought a place over on Elm Street.
So, you live around here.
Naw. Just killing time.
You got a problem with me, Grady?
She giving you any carfare for the ride?
She's a neighbor, I drive her to school.
You two got a thing going, or what?
What about it?
So, what about you and that Poletti girl?
Get outa here.
Could be all night.  Guy gets his rocks off like this. Hangs out in queer S & M joints downtown.  Likes prettyboys like you.
How much longer you figure he'll keep us out here?
We must look like a couple of escapees from a veterans' hospital.
What's so funny?
Hi.
Hi.
I can't!
You created him - you can destroy him. He lives off your fear.  Fight him, Jesse!
No, Jesse.  This isn't happening. It's gotta be everything you've taken in -- Schneider and the diary and the glove -- only it's all mixed up.
Fred Krueger.  He's been trying to get hold of me, to use me.  He needs me to get out of his world into ours...He's gonna take me again.
Who?  Who's doing this to you?
he's just waiting to take me.  When I sleep.
Who, Jesse?
I killed Grady.  I killed Grady, Lisa. I killed Schneider.  Oh my God, he's inside me...
Oh, Christ, you're hurt...
I killed him!  I killed him!
Jesse, God - what happened?
We'll figure it out together.  We'll stay up all night if we have to.  I won't let anything happen to you.
I'm afraid to go to sleep, I'm afraid to stay awake - I'm ruining your party. They're gonna put me away for sure.
What are you gonna do?  How are you gonna help?  I'm losing my mind.  I don't want to have you watch me fall apart.
You're not being fair to me.  I'm worried about you and I want to help you get through this thing.
Will you leave me alone?  Please.
Why won't you talk to me?
I think I better go.  I'm just not into it tonight.  I'm sorry.
There's nothing to figure out.
I wish you'd talk to me.  We can figure it out, you know.  We can figure it out together.
I'm not hungry.
You should eat something - you'll feel better.
My Dad thinks I'm on drugs, my Mom thinks I'm crazy and I'm not sure I don't agree with her.
You want to talk about it?
yeah, I had a bad night.
you didn't say more than two words to me the whole way here.  You had another nightmare, didn't you?
I'm fine.  Nothing's wrong.
Will you stop and tell me what's wrong?
Oh, Jesse...
It's gone now.
I don't know - a sharp pain.
What is it?
Whoa!
What is it - What's wrong?
Ghostbusters are fearless.
Nancy went bonkers from this thing. You wouldn't be afraid of being out on the beach with a potential lunatic?
Maybe we can do that.  Strictly scientific, of course.
Now, there's an idea we can take off on.  Maybe we should drive out to the beach tonight and lay out a couple of blankets and...  Until I fall asleep.
Maybe it only happens when you're sleeping - that's the way it was with Nancy, wasn't it?
Yeah?
I'll get over it.
About not finding any bogey men?
About what?
Disappointed?
Uh-uh.  Wait...
Anything?
Shhh.  Just concentrate.
I feel like a jerk.
I don't know.  Concentrate or some- thing.
Well, what am I supposed to do?
C'mon, cut it out.
Any ghosts in here?
I thought you might be able to make a connection.
What do you mean?
So, you feeling anything?
What's this?
Here.
Remember in the diary - Nancy said that she kept finding herself in a boiler room?  Fred Krueger worked here.  It's an old power- plant - a steam generator!
What is this place?
It's a surprise.
I don't know.  Where are we going?
What about "essential energy" the soul.  Does that go into the air too?  You think there's a good energy and a bab energy?
Make a left at this corner.
I don't know - into the air I suppose.
And heat and chemical reactions. Where does it all go when you die?
Yeah, I know...synapses neurong...
Look, you got electricity in your body, right?
You don't have to.  You just have to believe in energy.
Like a haunted house, right?  I don't believe in ghosts.
At first I wasn't sure because you said that you never had anyting like last night happen before.  But I found out that most people have the potential for tuning in to "the other world" and neve do.  It has something to do with the environment - like they have to be in a place that's sending signals.
Research.  Hi.  C'mon, let's go for a ride.
What's all this.
I just got here myself.  Went to the Public Library.  Cut four classes!
Sorry.  Schneider id it to me again.
I don't know.
No. Never.  You think that's what it is?
Fred Krueger.  The guy in her dream who's coming to kill her.  Seems he was a real guy, ten years before who went around kidnapping kids and killing them.
Who?
That's when she started talking about Fred Krueger.
Only it was more like, you know, sleep- walking.  All I know is I woke up on the cellar floor next to it.
This is amazing!  Your dream told you where this was?
World History.  But, I'll see you in the morning, right?
Are you sure?
Something Grady told me today about the people that lived here last. Girl went crazy - saw her boyfriend killed in the house across the street...
Are you okay.
Wow...
"Rod's been killed - he got Rod. Just Glen and me now.  Can't fall asleep!"
That's typical.  I hope she didn't expect to make the best seller list with this thing.
"March 7th - Glen asked me to sleep with him again.  I can't yet - I like him, I want to make him happy but I'm not sure that I love him. I can't sleep with someone I don't love."
Traumas of a ten-year old.
I think it's sad...
Uh-uh.  Before my time.
You know her?
Yeah?
I figured you might like some help.
I know.
No, that's okay.  I was just...unpacking.
Yeah.
You mean a shithead.
Who, Grady?  Grady's alright, he's just a hothead.
You shouldn't be fighting with that jerk.
Let me look at your eye...
Yeah, yeah, sure.
You okay?
That's okay, I wanted to.
Hi!  You didn't have to wait.
Look at this car.  Are you kidding?
Aren't you afraid somebody could steal your car like that?
Ah, nothing.
How come?
your timing was perfect - I was getting the third degree in there.
Fine.
How'd you sleep, honey, okay?
Morning.
I'm okay.  Just leave me alone.
Jesse, please, let's talk about this!
Sure...go ahead.
I'm not taking drugs, Dad.  Can I go to bed now?
No.  I'm okay.
Maybe we should call a doctor.
Making friends?
Okay, I guess.
So, school going alright?
I know it's warm...  I wish you'd call someone to check out the air conditioning, Ken.
Yeah, I'm fine.  Just really hot upstairs.
You okay?
Oh...uh, no, just some milk, Mom.
Eggs?
Huh?
Jess?
'Morning, honey.
'Morning.
Mom's trying to keep him upstairs.
Yor dad picking the music again?
All of them.
I got your invitation yesterday. Thanks.  Any cute guys gonna be there?
Hi, Kerry.
Hi, guys.
Thanks, Mom.
We're going up to bed now.
We're going to bed.
You're going out?
We're gonna stay out of your way tomorrow night.
What's that?
Okay...thanks.
There's a Jesse on the phone.
First door up the stairs.
I'll get it.  Please, I don't mind.
The maid packed a suitcase.  Teresa!  Teresa?
I'll need to take her things.
Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get to the club.
I'm sure you would.
I'm sorry to hear that, but you're the experts on this, not me.  If I had any insights, believe me, I'd share them with you.
Just some answers.  There are other kids involved, its not just Kristen.  All good kids, smark kids.
Look, Miss Thompson, I don't know what you want from me.
I'm serious.
They've gotten worse since I took away her credit cards.
Did she always have nightmares?
Kristen specializes in strangeness.  I've spent thousands on psychiatirists.
Mrs. Parker, was Kristen acting different? Did you notice anything strange before she made the attempt?
Please Mom?  I just don't want to be alone.
Can't it wait till morning?
Can we talk?  Just for a minute?
I had such an awful dream.
What?
Well, I'm home now, so you can go right to sleep.  C'mon, angel.
I thought I'd wait for you.
What are you still doing up?  It's past one.
Mom?
Honey, you'll wake the whole neighborhood!
That's right.  I don't.
And you don't want to keep him waiting.
I am not going to let you get me into an argument, goddamn it.  Not tonight.  Now get in bed.
He's full of shit.
Kristen, don't start with me.  You know what your shrink said...
It's okay, I'm not tired.  Really.
Well, I'm home now, so you can go right to sleep.  C'mon, angel.
I thought I'd wait for you.
Don't "hi Mom" me.  What are you still doing up?  It's past one!
Hi Mom.
Are you crazy?  You'll wake the whole neighborhood!
Don't hold your breath.
I've been good.  When do I get cigarette priveleges back?
They're healing up nicely.
Menthol, regular, ultra-light.
How's your hand?
Morning, Doctor Goldman.
Good morning, Jennifer.
Deal.  Thanks.
If you get caught, I never saw you. Deal?
Just tonight, please?  I can't handle the nightmare.  Not tonight.  Not after Phillip.
Jennifer --
I gotta stay up, Max.
If Simms catches you in here after lights out, she'll chew my ass ragged.
Wait and see.
Oh, right.  You're gonna be a TV star.
Research.
I can see that. You watch too damn much TV.
Watching TV.
Girl, what are you doing?
YOU'RE HOT STIT WITH A LITTLE MUTE KID -- LET'S SEE YOU TAKE A PIECE OF ME!  KRUEGER!
Kincaid -- we should find the others first...
No fuckin' way.  We're a team.
You didn't think we'd let you go alone?
Last time, it was me against him.  I wasn't strong enough...alone.
So what do we do about this creep?
He wears a dirty brown hat.  He's horribly burned.  He has razors on his right hand.
Don't fucking humor us.  We're not in the mood.
I know who's trying to kill you.
No, she's right.
Horseshit.
Yes.  I'm going to see her tonight.
Do you still...see each other?
It was great seeing you again.  I'm glad you dropped by.
To old friends.
To old friends.  And your new dreams.
I don't know.  I'm busy with school. New friends.  But I'll never forget the old ones.
The city that never sleeps.  So what will you do now?
I think new York was just what I needed.  So many people.  I never feel alone.
I'm glad things have worked out for you.
He's close...
What's happening?
I'm so proud of you all.  Tell Neil I...
He's gone.  It's over.  Please don't die, Nancy.  Please.
I think so.
Are you okay?
Let's try this way.
They sedated me.  We're stuck here till it wears off.
Kristen, can you pull us out?
He's too strong!  He was never this strong!
Nancy!
I don't know.
What's that?
How do we find him, Kristen?
Joey needs us.  I can feel him.
He's heavy in the halls...
Freddy?
You never lose a gift like that.  You just forget how to use it.  How about it?  Will you try?
That was different.
You did it the other night.
I haven't been able to do that since I was a little girl.
Yeah, but I was really not good.
We're not always as good at things as we'd like.
I was on the team at school.  I was never very good, though.
You like gymnastics?
Sure.
Nancy?  Would you sit with me awhile?
He's real.
That man in my dreams.  He's real isn't he?
It's an amazing gift.
When I was still a kid.  My folks got divorced.  After a while, I thought I'd imagined the whole thing.  I guess I didn't.
When I was a little girl.  Three or four. If I had a nightmare, I'd bring my Dad in. The dream would always get better.  He always used to tell me about it the next day -- he used to think they were his dreams. NANCY When did it stop?
Have you ever done that before?  Pulled someone into your dream?
But...it's just a house I've dreamed about.  I dream about it all the time.  Thank you for what you did last night.
I used to live in this house.
I -- I think so!
You pulled me in somehow, didn't you?
Fuck off.
Now who's gonna take the word of a crazy junkie chick like you?
Stay out of my face or I'll go straight to Max.
Oh yeah?  Well, if you're ever in the mood for a history lesson, I'm your teacher, understand?
Those are ancient history.
What are these, beauty marks?
I don't do that shit.
The dispensary.  I'm talking clean pharmaceutical high.  A night at Club meth.
What?
So...got the keys to heaven, baby.
So?
Pulled night duty.  Trimble's sick.
Can't be good news coming from you.
Hi, sweet stuff.  Good news.
Thank you.
You got five minutes.
It'll be my last chance.  Pleese?
I don't know...
But Max, she needs me.  It could mean life or death.
Save your breath, Ms. Thompson.  Dr. Simms gave me specific instructions. Nobody gets to see Kristen -- especially you.  She made that real clear.
Thanks, Max.
You need me, I'll be here all night.
Restless.  Very restless.
I just wanted to be here for the kids. how are they?
Puttin' in soem late hours, I see.  If you're trying for O.T., you're in the wrong place.
She's been waiting outside your office since breakfast.
Max, where's Kristen?
Why is that?
This is Phillip.  We call him The Walker.
I'll have a file cabinet in there before tomorrow.  The patient's rooms are down here.
A little basic, but nice.
The whole wing's devoted ot this program.  That's your office.
Shit, that's what keeps people alive.
It beats Dr. Simm's theory.  She thinks it's nothing but sex, drugs, and rock & roll.
Fucked up chromosomes, man.  Think about it.  Their parents all dropped acid in the Sixties.
Don't hold back on us, Max.  We need all the help we can get.
Say listen, Doc.  I got a new theory about all these suicides.
Nothing like a little cheery news to start the day.
But I couldn't go until I told you how sorry I am for all the things I've done.
Crossed over?
Nancy...
It's over.  It's over.
People are still dying.  After all this time.  Stop running away from it.  Daddy, please...don't make me beg.  You owe me.
I lost too much over this already.  I'm through with it.
I think we can stop him this time. Stop him for good.  But we need to know where the bones were hidden.
You know what he did.  He's doing it again.
Fred Krueger's dead.  You always had a little trouble understanding that, Princess.
That's not true.  You're the one who's trying to forget.
Yeah, but here you are.  How'd I get so lucky?  I thought you were trying to forget I was alive.
It's been a long time.
Well, if it isn't my little girl... come to visit her Daddy.
Just go.  Kristen needs you.  Keep her awake somehow.  Do it.
Neil, it's no use.  You saw how he is.
No...
Oh Christ.  Simms put Kristen in the Quiet Room for the night.  They sedated her.
I'll be okay.  Just give me a minute.
Nancy...
There's only one man...and its time for him to talk.
Who would know where they were hidden?
They burned him to death in his boiler room, but they were smart enough to hide the remains.
The question is, what happened to Freddy's body?
All right.  Whoever she is, I'll admit she seems to know more about Krueger than I do.
I've heard crazier things this week.
Assuming your mysterious nun in right.
Bullshit.  Getting yourself killed won't do the kids any good.  Besides, we do have a choice.
Don't you think I know that?  I don't have any choice.
You're not going in.  That's exactly what he wants.  As long as you're on Hypnocyl, it's the only way he can get to you.
There's nothing we can do.  It's out of our hands.
What are we going to do?
Anything?
Take it slowly.  Remember, this is a dream. Anything is possible.
This isn't possible.  And even if it is...what the hell am I doing here?  Did you drag me in here too?
We made it.  Neil, we made it!
Everybody take five.
We can try again.
Breathe deeply and relax...starting with your toes, relax everything until there's no tension left in your bodies.  None at all.  Keep following the pendulum...
Take us there, Kristen.
Okay, we're going to try a little group hypnosis.
Remember -- open mind.
You sound like Peter Pan.
I can do that.
Only if you're willing to put aside everything you've learned and trust me. Can you do that?
Try me.
The truth.
For what?
Then maybe you're ready.
I'm running out of answers. A patient sleepwalks out of a security ward up to a tower with no access.  A girl, alone in a room, dies by jumping six feet straight up into a television set. Nothing makes sense anymore.
Stop blaming yourself.
C'mon.  Let's get out of this rain.
Doesn't matter.
To who?
We're gonna try.
Do you think we can get the Hypnocyl in by tomorrow?
I can't believe I just did that.
I'm sorry, Nancy.  The answer is no.
Do you?  You told me they're survivors...and they are.  But how much longer they survive is up to us.
So do I.
I used to be like them, Neil.  I know what they're going through.
Dream deprivation is nothing to fool around with.  you have no business taking it yourself.
Just until we get things under control.
You want me to prescribe an experimental psychoactive drug to a bunch of suicidal teenagers?
That's right.
With Hypnocyl?
All right.  Then let's eliminate the symptom for the time being.
The nightmares are nothing but a symptom of their real problems.
That's what I know.
That's a new one.  Is that what they're teaching now at Stanford?
What if I told you your patients are in real physical danger from their dreams?
Okay...I believe in different levels of conciousness, that sort of thing...but if you're into UFO's or Atlantis, you've lost me.
I'm serious.
I've been to Pittsburgh.  Does that count?
It was.  Neil, do you believe in other realities?
Sounds like a rough time.
My father an I...well, the family just seemed to fall apart.
Sorry.
My mother's dead.  Died in her sleep.
Most authentic Mexican food in Springwood, which isn't saying much.  your parents still live around here?
Must have opened while I was away at school.
Never been here before?
This is nice.
All I can say is this isn't something that's just going to disappear.  you're all going to have to face it.  Fight it. And if you're willing to work together... wiling to stand up to your deepest fears...I think we can beat it.
Yes, tell us, Nancy.
Well, we've got --
Didn't get much sleep.
You're late.
Just something children sing...to keep the boogeyman away.
Only if you call me Neil.  What was that nursery rhyme all about?
Call me Nancy.
Ms. Thompson.
Make sure to check in with Max, he'll give you the 25 cent tour.
Call it a passion.  I've got to get going.
So I've been told.  Practically an obsession of your.
I've had some experience with pattern nightmares.
What's that supposed to mean?
I wouldn't be so sure they haven't.
Ever work with vets?  These kids act like they've got D.S.S. -- Delayed Stress Syndrome. If I didn't know better, I'd swear they'd seen heavy combat.
Oh God.
We lost a kid about a month ago to Fairview.  I don't know where he got the razor...but he cut off his own eyelids to stay awake.
Anything?
Right.  They seem to share a group delusion,  a "boogeyman" for lack of a better word.  They're so traumatized, they'll do anything not to sleep.
But nightmares are the common thread?
You'll get to meet them all tomorrow. They're...survivors.  In a way.  All severely sleep disordered.  Insomnia, narcolepsy, bedwetting...
Tell me about the kids.
We can't get to her.  I've tried.
What about Kristen?
Okay, straight talk only in here.
Sshhh.  No time for that.  Come on.
What'd you do, take the scenic route?
Freddy Krueger.  He was a child murderer before he died.  After he died, he became ...something worse.  Six years ago Freddy killed my friends. He almost killed me.  I thought I got rid of him -- but I guess he was too strong.
Who is he?
Hey, everybody has bad dreams.
Your dreams?
I'm Taryn White.  I only came here because it was a better deal than juvie hall.  Also, I guess 'cause I'm going through some very stange shit.
Neil, please --
That's precisely what they need.  Some uninterrupted REM sleep to release all this negative energy.
You can't!  They'll be defenseless against their dreams.
We'll begin sedation tonight.  Starting with him.
The by-product of guilt.  Psychological scars steaming from moral conflicts and overt sexuality.
And what are they?
And you won't make any progress until you can recognize your dreams for what they are.
No.  We're alone.
Somebody else is out here.
Listen.
What?
What was that?
You're about to attend a funeral.  One that's long overdue.
What are you talking about?
We've got work to do.
They used to keep a spare key.
How do we get in?
In there.  Charlie Penny owns the place. We knew no one would ever find it.  I'm not even sure I can find it again.
You must find the remains...and bury them in hallowed ground.
You said something before...about laying him to rest...?
The bastard son of a hundred maniacs. Some say he was murdered, though no body was ever found.
Freddy.
That girl was Amanda Krueger.  Her child --
My God.
A young girl on the staff was accidentally locked in here over the holidays.  The inmates managed to keep her hidden for days.  She was raped...hundreds of times. When they found her, she was barely alive...and with child.
The whole facility was shut down in the Forties, wasn't it?  Some kind of scandal...
Purgatory...fashioned by the hands of men.  Twisted, lost souls, the worst of the criminally insane, were locked away in here like animals.
This wing's been closed for years.  What was this place?
I beg your pardon?
Only one thing can save the children. The unquiet spirit must be laid to rest.  It is an abomination to God and Man.
I could've saved them.
I come from time to time.  When I'm needed.
You do volunteer work at the hospital?
Mary Helena.
There are times when it doesn't offer much comfort.  I've seen you before.  Sister...?
A sad choice.
Science...I suppose.
Of course.
For God's sake, Elizabeth...just try to help the kids, will you?  Listen to them.
I'm sorry, Neil.  You brought this on yourself.
I'll go straight to Carver if I have to.  He'll either back me up or accept my resignation.
I won't allow it.
Nothing.  They're my patients.  It's my decision.  I want the dreams stopped until we get some answers.
I know what it is.  I just can't believe what I'm hearing.  What has she talked you into?
Elizabeth, I'm prescribing Hypnocyl.  It's a dream suppressant.
There will be no repeat occurences of last night's events.  From now on, your doors will be locked during sleeping hours.  We'll begin a policy of evening sedation.  For everybody.
That's enough, Kincaid.
Today I'd like to start by getting us acquainted with our new staff member, Nancy Thompson.  Let's make her feel welcome.
Okay, Group's in session.  Straight talk only in this room.
Elizabeth, we don't need any outside help.  I know these kids.  I don't want some hot-shot taking chances with them just so she can get published.
She's been doing ground-breaking research on pattern nightmares.
Frankly, I don't understand why some grad school superstar is being treated like a seasoned pro.
What did you think?
Don't worry, it won't come to that.
If he continues having these outbursts, I'll have to have him isolated permanently.
Cooling down.
How is he?
Me too.
I'm in.
Where...here?
We're here.
Oh sure.  That's just the sorta thing parents tell their kids:  "Goodnight honey.  Don't forget ot say your prayers. Oh, by the way, your father and I torched some maniac last night."
Mom and Dad?  That's...crazy.  They never said...
Yeah?  What did we ever do?
Why is he after us?
I go to bed and get a new horse in the morning.
Good.  You conquer the demon, but your horse is sinking in the bog.  What do you do?
In the name of Elric, Prince of Elves, demon begone.
C'mon.
This is stupid.
Doesn't count.  You gotta say the words.
Uh, fourteen.
Okay, you're attacked by the Bog Demon. Go ahead.
Accident my ass.  I thought this was supposed to be straight talk in here.
I'm Will Stanton, and um...I've had a little accident, as you can see.
And you.  I'll wait till you've gone before I tell him you're a vegetarian.
Lovely to meet you.
Oh God.
I'm a vegetarian.
What do you think of the guinea fowl?
Oh, it's just down the corridor on the right.
I wonder if you could tell me where the...?
Hi.  Good Lord -- you're the spitting image of...
Hi.
Night, night, Honey.
No!
You're right.  I told you I was bad at acting.
Now you're lying.
And may I say that's a gorgeous tie.
I'm delighted.
That was such a great evening.
Well... a shot at it.
I'm sorry?  You think you deserve the brownie?
Wait a minute.  What about me?
Oh... no one... no one.  Just some... guy from the past.  I don't know what he's doing here.  Bit of an awkward situation.
Who was that rather difficult chap you were talking to on the way up?
And then I... right.
'Tomorrow will be soon enough.'
So I ask you when you're going to tell everyone, and you say...?
I said I'm not listening -- and I think, looking at something that firm, you and your droopy little excuse for an 'arse' would be well-advised to keep quiet.
No, but seriously -- it's not fair -- so many tragic young teenagers with anorexia -- and that girl has an arse she could perfectly well share round with at least ten other women -- and still be beg-bottomed.
I'm not listening.
God, that's an enormous arse.
Oh, stop showing off.
We have to.  I've got to be in New York on Thursday.
We are living in cloudcuckooland -- we'll never get this done today.
Right.  Right.  So that's... fairly good.  On the high side... have you tried the nuts?
Fifteen million dollars.
Oh splendid.  Well done.  How's the pay in movies?  I mean, last film you did, what did you get paid?
Films mainly.
I see friends from university -- clever chaps -- been in the business longer than you -- they're scraping by on seven, eight thousand a year. It's no life.  What sort of acting do you do?
Well, they can be.
Splendid.  I'm actually in the stock- market, so not really similar fields, though I have done some amateur stuff -- P.G. Wodehouse, you know -- farce, all that.  'Ooh -- careful there, vicar.'  Always imagined it's a pretty tough job, though, acting. I mean the wages are a scandal, aren't they?
I'm an actress.
So tell me Anna -- what do you do?
That's very good news.  The readers of 'Horse and Hound' will be absolutely delighted.
Yes, I'm pretty sure I would.
And what would you say...
I hoped there might be -- but no, I'm assured there aren't.
Okay.  Fine.  Fine.  Good decision.
I live in Notting Hill.  You live in Beverly Hills.  Everyone in the world knows who you are.  My mother has trouble remembering my name.
I see.  That reality is a real 'no,' isn't it?
... with you, I'm in real danger.  It took like a perfect situation, apart from that foul temper of yours -- but my relatively inexperienced heart would, I fear, not recover if I was once again ... cast aside, which I would absolutely expect to be.  There are too many pictures of you everywhere, too many films.  You'd go and I'd be... well, buggered, basically.
The truth is...
... Yes, that's fine.  Of course.  I... you know... of course... I'll just... be getting along then... nice to see you.
... can I just say 'no' to your kind request and leave it at that?
That's fine.  There's always a pause when the jury goes out to consider its verdict.
Sorry about that.
You expect me to tell the truth about my life to the most indiscreet man in England?
But yesterday... that actor asked you who I was... and you just dismissed me out of hand... I heard -- you had a microphone... I had headphones.
Yes.  The thing is... I have to go away today but I wondered, if I didn't, whether you might let me see you a bit... or, a lot maybe... see if you could... like me again.
You were saying...
What's the thing?
I actually had it in my apartment in New York and just thought you'd... but, when it came to it, I didn't know how to call you... having behaved so... badly, twice.  So it's been just sitting in the hotel.  But then... you came, so I figured... the thing is... the thing is ...
Okay -- well, thank you.  I don't know what it's for.  But thank you anyway.
No, don't open it yet -- I'll be embarrassed.
Thank you.  Shall I...
I thought I'd give it to you.
Oh no.  It's all nonsense, believe me. I had no idea how much nonsense it all was -- but nonsense it all is...  Well, yesterday was our last day filming and so I'm just off -- but I brought you this from home, and...
Fine.  Everything much the same.  When they change the law Spike and I will marry immediately.  Whereas you... I've watched in wonder.  Awards, glory ...
Well... how have you been?
Yes -- I'm sorry -- I had to leave... I didn't want to disturb you.
You disappeared.
Hello.
Hi.
Drink tea -- there's lots of tea.
Okay.
But... wait... there are things to say.
Absolutely -- you're clearly very busy.
It's not going very well -- and it's our last day.
I was going to ring... but... I didn't think you'd want to...
I only found out you were here yesterday.
This is certainly... ah...
You really don't get it.  This story gets filed.  Every time anyone writes anything about me -- they'll dig up these photos.  Newspapers last forever. I'll regret this forever.
Well, you know -- it's just one day. Today's papers will all have been thrown away tomorrow.
Excuse me?
I mean -- today's newspapers will be lining tomorrow's waste paper bins.
You're right: of course, you're right. It's just that I've dealt with this garbage for ten years now -- you've had it for ten minutes.  Our perspectives are different.
That's not true.  And wait a minute... this is crazy behavior.  Can't we just laugh about this?  Seriously -- in the huge sweep of things, this stuff doesn't matter.
And remember -- Spike owes you an expensive dinner.  Or holiday -- depending if he's got the brains to get the going rate on betrayal.
I don't want a goddamn cup of tea.  I want to go home.
Now stop.  Stop.  I beg you -- calm down. Have a cup of tea.
Who knows, it may even help business. Buy a boring book about Egypt from the guy who screwed Anna Scott.
That's spectacularly unfair.
You can stay calm -- it's the perfect situation for you -- minimum input, maximum publicity.  Everyone you ever bump into will know.  'Well done you -- you slept with that actress -- we've seen the pictures.'
I know, I know -- but... just -- let's stay calm...
As far as they're concerned I do.  And now tomorrow there'll be pictures of you in every newspapers from here to Timbuktu.
You do?
This is such a mess.  I come to you to protect myself against more crappy gossip and now I'm landed in it all over again.  For God's sake, I've got a boyfriend.
Really?  The entire British press just woke up this morning and thought 'Hey -- I know where Anna Scott is.  She's in that house with the blue door in Notting Hill.'  And then you go out in your goddamn underwear.
That's not true.
I do.  Your furry friend thought he'd make a buck or two telling the papers where I was.
I don't know what happened.
How do you think I'm doing?
How are you doing?
Jesus.
Undressed like this, yes.
Oh my God.  And they got a photo of you dressed like that?
Don't ask.
What?
Damn, I forgot the jam.
Stay forever.
Can I stay a bit longer?
Oh.
You're lovelier this morning than you have ever been.
Her most famous part -- men went to bed with the dream -- and they didn't like it when they woke up with the reality -- do you feel that way with me?
Who was Gilda?
Rita Hayworth used to say -- 'they go to bed with Gilda -- they wake up with me.' Do you feel that?
Actually, I can't think really -- let me just have a quick look...
But... they're odd-looking.  They're for milk.  Your mum's got them.  You must have seen a thousand of them -- what's the fuss about?
More than that actually, when you think about it.  You know, Meatloaf has a very nice pair...
No seriously.  I mean, they're just breasts.  Every second person in the world has got them...
Well...
What is it about men and nudity? Particularly breasts -- how can you be so interested in them?
Oh God yes -- I'm sorry.
You and every person in this country.
It still strikes me as, well, surreal, that I'm allowed to see you naked.
What?
Wow.
No! No.  Wait.  I... thought you were someone else.  I thought you were Spike. I'm delighted you're not.
Okay.
Oh please sod off.
Right.
Well, thank you.  Anyway -- time for bed.  Or... sofa-bed.
Today has ben a good day.  Which under the circumstances is... unexpected.
Both.
The ice cream or Mel Gibson's bottom?
Actually, Mel does his own ass work. Why wouldn't he?  It's delicious.
It's one hell of a job.  What do you put on your passport?  Profession -- Mel Gibson's bottom.
Definitely.  Ths is important stuff.
Would you be tempted to go for a slightly better bottom than your own?
I could have a stunt bottom, yes.
You have a stunt bottom?
Definitely.  'You may show the dent at the top of the artist's buttocks -- but neither cheek.  In the event of a stunt person being used, the artist must have full consultation.'
You actually have clauses in your contact about nudity?
The thing that's so irritating is that now I'm so totally fierce when it comes to nudity clauses.
Big feet -- large shoes.
No.  What's that?
You know what they say about men with big feet?
Yes.  Always have had.
You've got big feet.
Yes -- happiness wouldn't be happiness without a violin-playing goat.
With a goat playing a violin.
I do.  It feels like how being in love should be.  Floating through a dark blue sky.
You like Chagall?
And I think the book is the poorer for it.
Yes -- I mean -- you never get anyone in 'Wings of a Dove' having the nerve to say 'inform the Pentagon that we need black star cover.'
I'm sure you'd be great in Henry James. But, you know -- this writer's pretty damn good too.
You think I should do Henry James instead?
Gripping.  It's not Jane Austen, it's not Henry James, but it's gripping.
What do you think?
Brilliant.  Word perfect I'd say.
Well, get a message through to him too.
Yup.
My son's name is Johnny?
'Certainly.  And little Johnny?'
'Cartwright, Wainwright, whatever your name is, I promised little Jimmy I'd be home for his birthday -- could you get a message through that I may be a little late.'
Cartwright.
Damn.  'And Wainwright...'
Eleven.
'Thank you.'  How many mistake did I make?
'Very well, captain -- I'll pass that on straightaway.'
'No, turn over 4 TRS's and tell them we need radar feedback before the KFT's return at 19 hundred -- then inform the Pentagon that we'll be needing black star cover from ten hundred through 12.15' -- and don't you dare say one word about how many mistakes I made in that speech or I'll pelt you with olives.
'Message from command.  Would you like them to send in the HKs?'
Well done you.
I'm a difficult but brilliant junior officer who in about twenty minutes will save the world from nuclear disaster.
Hand it over.  Basic plot?
Would you?  It's all talk, talk, talk.
Would you like me to take you through your lines?
Yes -- start in L.A. on Tuesday.
I appreciate that absolutely.  Is that the film you're doing?
Just anytime I've tried to keep things normal with anyone normal -- it's been a disaster.
Oh no no -- no.
I have thought about you.
Well, there's a question -- without an interesting answer.
I don't know.  It got to the point where I couldn't remember any of the reasons I loved him.  And you... and love?
No, that's fine.  It's not often one has the opportunity to adios the plates of a major Hollywood star.  It was a thrill for me.  How is he?
I'm really sorry about last time.  He just flew in -- I had no idea -- in fact, I had no idea if he'd ever fly in again.
A bath would be great.
Don't think about it.  We'll sort it out.  Now what would you like -- tea ... bath...?
These are such horrible pictures. They're so grainy... they make me look like...
Thank you.  I'm just in London for two days -- but, with your papers, it's the worse place to be.
This is the place.
I don't know where to go.  The hotel is surrounded.
Come in.
Hi.  Can I come in?
I think goodbye is traditional.
I'm sorry... I don't know what to say.
-- this is a fairly strange reality to be faced with.  To be honest, I don't realize...
Your boyfriend?
Because my boyfriend, who I thought was in America, is in fact in the next room.
Why?
You've got to go.
To be able to do that is such a wonderful thing.
There are lots of reasons.  Do you want to come up?
There seem to be lots of reasons why I shouldn't.
Here we are.  Do you want to come up?
I don't know either.
I don't know, I'm afraid.
I'm rash and I'm stupid and what am I doing with you?
No, you were brilliant
I shouldn't have done that.  I shouldn't have done that.
No, that's fine.  I love that you tried... time was I'd have done the same.
I'm sorry.
Uh-oh.  That's not good.
She saw through me.
Why?
She left me.
So who left who?
Step aside.
It's a disease I've got -- it's a clinical thing.  I'm taking pills and having injections -- it won't last long.
Exactly.  Here we go again.
There's no 'unless.'  No one has said "whoopsidaisies" for fifty years and even then it was only little girls with blonde ringlets.
I don't think so.  No one has said 'whoopsidaisies,' do they -- I mean unless they're...
You said 'whoopsidaisies.'
No, I didn't.
Yes, you did.
Nothing.
What did you say?
Whoopsidaisies.
Ahm...
You abide by rules like that?
Ah no -- that's the point -- they're private villages -- only the people who live round the edges are allowed in.
Let's go in.
Gardens.  All these streets round here have these mysterious communal gardens in the middle of them. They're like little villages.
I was.
I thought you were leaving.
Busy tomorrow?
That's fine.
Too complicated.
You know, I'm not sure.  I don't think they'd tried for kids before, as fate would have it.
And the pregnancy thing -- is that to do with the accident?
It was an accident -- about eighteen months ago.
Why is she in a wheelchair?
It's the hair!  It's to do with the hair.
Floppy, huh?
Well, I've been on a diet since I was nineteen, which means basically I've been hungry for a decade.  I've had a sequence of not nice boyfriends -- one of whom hit me: and every time my heart gets broken it gets splashed across the newspapers as entertainment. Meantime, it cost millions to get me looking like this...
You'll have to prove it.  This is a great brownie and I'm going to fight for it.  State your claim.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm sure it's all right.  My friend Max is cooking and he's acknowledged to be the worst cook in the world, but you know, you could hide the food in your handbag or something.
If that's all right.
You'll be my date at my little sister's birthday party?
No, I mean, if it's fine with you, I'll, you know, be your date.
But no, I'm sure I can get out of it.
Okay -- fine.
Oh well, great.  Perfect.  Oh no -- shittity brickitty -- it's my sister's birthday -- shit -- we're meant to be having dinner.
Ahm.  That thing I was doing tonight -- I'm not doing it any more.  I told them I had to spend the evening with Britain's premier equestrian journalist.
Thank you.  You are 'Horse and Hound's' favorite actress.  You and Black Beauty.  Tied.
Well, it was nice to meet you. Surreal but nice.
Yes.
Are you busy tonight?
And what happens next in the dream?
I'm just a complete moron.  Sorry. This is the sort of thing that happens in dreams -- not in real life.  Good dreams, obviously -- it's a dream to see you.
Absolutely fine about it.
No, it's my fault, I thought this would all be over by now.  I just wanted to sort of apologize for the kissing thing.  I seriously don't know what got in to me.  I just wanted to make sure you were fine about it.
I'm sorry -- I arrived outside -- they thrust this thing into my hand -- I didn't know what to do.
Obviously.  Very difficult.
Ahm -- well -- we would have liked to -- but it was difficult, obviously, being set in space.
Right.  Ahm... the film's great... and I just wondered -- whether you ever thought of having more... horses in it?
No, it's a stupid privacy thing.  I always choose a cartoon character -- last time out, I was Mrs. Bambi.
Sorry about not ringing back.  The whole two-names concept was totally too much for my flatman's pea-sized intellect.
I brought these, but clearly...
Hello.
Hi.
Right.  Great.  Classic.  Classic.
Yeh -- unfortunately, things are going to be pretty busy, but... okay, let's give it a try.  Four o'clock could be good.
Perhaps I could drop round for tea or something?
Oh -- Okay.
No, I've never played anything cool in my entire life.  Spike, who I'll stab to death later, never gave me the message.
You played it pretty cool here, waiting for three days to call.
Oh hi.  It's William Thacker.  We, ahm I work in a bookshop.
Hi.
Hello.  Hi.  Hi.
Bye.
Right.  No one.  I mean, I'll tell myself sometimes but... don't worry -- I won't believe it.
Probably best not tell anyone about this.
Don't worry about it.  I thought the apricot and honey business was the real lowpoint.
I apologize for the 'surreal but nice' comment.  Disaster...
Thanks.  Well...
Here we go.
Oh right.
I forgot my bag.
Oh hi.  Forget something?
Yes.  Well.  My pleasure.
Thank you.
You're welcome and, may I also say... heavenly.
No.  I better be going.  Thanks for your help.
Do you always say 'no' to everything?
No.
Would you like something to nibble -- apricots, soaked in honey -- quite why, no one knows -- because it stops them tasting of apricots, and makes them taste like honey, and if you wanted honey, you'd just buy honey, instead of apricots, but nevertheless -- there we go -- yours if you want them.
Really, no.
Something else cold -- coke, water, some disgusting sugary drink pretending to have something to do with fruits of the forest?
Orange juice -- probably not.
No.
Coffee?
No thanks.
Would you like a cup of tea before you go?
Eighteen yards.  That's my house there.
Okay.  So what does 'just over the street' mean -- give it to me in yards.
I also have a phone.  I'm confident that in five minutes we can have you spick and span and back on the street again... in the non-prostitute sense obviously.
No thank you.  I need to get my car back.
Nothing, nothing... Look, I live just over the street -- you could get cleaned up.
Here, let me help.
Oh Jesus.
Yes, we couldn't stop him.  If you can find an unsigned copy, it's worth an absolute fortune.
No, that's fine.  I was going to steal one myself but now I've changed my mind.  Signed by the author, I see.
Sorry about that...
Thanks.  I'll think about it.
I think the man who wrote it has actually been to Turkey, which helps. There's also a very amusing incident with a kebab.
Yes.  This one though is... very good.
Really?
That book's really not good -- just in case, you know, browsing turned to buying.  You'd be wasting your money.
Fine.
No, thanks.  I'll just look around.
Well, don't over-do it.  I don't want people saying, 'There goes that famous actor with the big, fat girlfriend."
I haven't decided.
Liar.  She hates surprises.  What are you ordering?
Nice surprise.
Thank you, Bernie.  Hey -- nice surprise, or nasty surprise?
I'm sorry.  Is this a problem?
Really -- don't do that -- I'm sure this is not his job.
Who is it?
Yes...
Tempting but... no, thank you.
Nice one.  Would you like my phone number?
Well, that's the signature -- and above, it says 'Dear Rufus -- you belong in jail.'
What does it say?
Rufus.
What's your name?
Can I have your autograph?
Yes.
Excuse me.
Well, no -- I'm sure he was friendly -- to Demi Moore -- who acted with him in 'Ghost.'
Oh dear.  He wasn't friendly during the filming?
I can't say I know Patrick all that well.
Yes... I've always wondered what Patrick Swayze is like in real life.
Is that right?
Can I just say, I thought 'Ghost' was a wonderful film.
Crazy.  Go along Bayswater...
Down Kensington Church Street, then Knightsbridge, then Hyde Park Corner.
Where are you going?
And this is William.
That's right.
Christ, what is going on in there?
He wouldn't say.
Does the girl have a name?
Miracles do happen.
He's bringing a girl?
Yes, they're shifting the whole outfit much more towards the trading side -- and of course...  I was total crap.
No!
... get fired.
I just want to say to Tony -- don't take it personally.  The more I think about things, the more I see no rhyme or reason in life -- no one knows why some things work out, and some things don't -- why some of us get lucky -- and some of us...
C'est la vie... We're lucky in lots of ways, but... Surely it's worth a brownie.
No.  Not true...
Oh God.  Oh God.  Oh Goddy God.
Yup.
The movie star?
Yes.
Anna Scott?
Quickly, quickly -- talk very quickly what are you doing here with Anna Scott?
Yes, I think that one may be.
This painting isn't the original, is it?
Tony -- what do you think?
Good decision.  All actresses are mad as snakes.
Why not -- all that awaits me at home is a masturbating Welshman.
Do you want to stay?
Oh no -- this is just getting worse. I am going to find myself, 30 years from now, still on this couch.
I mean I loved you -- you were terribly funny.  But all that kissing my ears...
I never fancied you much actually...
In a depressingly asexual way.
Still loves you though.
Right. 
Bella -- this is Anna.
Don't even ask.
He's cooking guinea fowl?
Hiya -- sorry -- the guinea fowl is proving more complicated than expected.
Is Miss Scott staying here?
Bloody hell, this is fun.
It was sort of sweet actually -- I mean, I know she's an actress and all that, so she can deliver a line -- but she said that she might be as famous as can be -- but also... that she was just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
Well, you know, anybody saying they want to go out with you is... pretty great... isn't it...
What?
That's nice.
Yes -- sort of...
But she said she wanted to go out with you?
Well, obviously it's me, isn't it -- I work in the City in a job I don't understand and everyone keeps getting promoted above me.  I haven't had a girlfriends since... puberty and, well, the long and short of it is, nobody fancies me, and if these cheeks get any chubbier, they never will.
Bernie.
Where's Bella?
And we intend to use them!
If anyone gets in our way -- we have small nuclear devices.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing, in fact, I think it's something we should take pride in.  I'm going to give the last brownie as a prize to the saddest act here.
Shame!
Having you here, Anna, firmly establishes what I've long suspected, that we really are the most desperate hot of under-achievers.
Hello, Anna.  Delighted to meet you.
Bernie -- this is Anna.
I'm sorry I'm so late.  Bollocksed up at work again, I fear.  Millions down the drain.
Hello, Bernie.
Of course.  And is he your favourite Italian film director?
Di Caprio.
Da Vinci?
Working with Leonardo.
Of course it is.  Any favourite among the 22?
No -- it's my 22nd.
Is this your first film?
It was good.
What happened?
You daft prick!
William has just turned down Anna Scott.
I was called and I came.  What's up?
Well, yes.  Groovy.
Yes.  What do you think?
Me?
By the way -- it's you.
Good move: when all is said and done, she's nothing special.  I saw her taking her pants off and I definitely glimpsed some cellulite down there.
What do you think?  Good move?
It is great, isn't it.  See you tonight. Hey, Marty-- sexy cardy.
Well, thanks, that's great.
The phone number of Anna Scott's agent in London and her agent in New York. You can ring her.  You think about her all the time -- now you can ring her!
Blimey.  What's that?
Have we got something for you. Something which will make you love me so much you'll want to hug me every single day for the rest of my life.
Hun -- this is Anna.  Anna -- this is Honey -- she's my baby sitter.
Hi guys.  Oh holy fuck.
Ahm... Bernie.
What's your name?
Ah -- no.  It's fine.
Right.
And maybe you could just adios the dishes and empty the trash.
No, I'm sure it'll be fine.
Unless it's illegal in the UK to serve liquids below room temperature: I don't want you going to jail just to satisfy my whims...
Absolutely.  Ice cold still water.
Still, not sparkling.
I'll see what I can do.
Oh great.  Could you do me a favour and try to get us some really cold water up here?
Well, yes -- usually -- I'd just changed to go home -- but I thought I'd just deal with this final call.
How you doing?  I thought you guys all wore those penguin coats.
Ahm... room service.
This is Henry James film?
Are you a fan of Henry James?
Have you got a moment?
Yes?
Mr. Thacker?
Mr. Thacker's from 'Horse and Hound.'
The others?
If you'd like to come with me we can rush you through the others.
Okay -- take a seat.  I'll check.
'Horse and Hound.'  The name's William Whacker.  I think she might be expecting me.
I'm sorry.  I didn't get down what magazines you're from.
I agree.
Ahm right, right, I liked the bit in space very much.  Did you enjoy making 	that bit?
Well, you tell me which bit you liked most -- and I'll tell you if I enjoyed making it.
Any bit in particular?
I did.
Right, right.  Ahm -- did you enjoy making the film?
Well, fire away.
Ah... yes, enormously.
Pleased to meet you.  Did you like the film?
Okay -- perfect timing as ever -- hold the fort for a second will you, Martin?
I actually tried that tack -- but she said you said that before and it's been twenty-four hours, and her foot that was purple is now a sort of blackish color...
Can you tell her I'll ring her back.
Excuse me -- it's your mother on the phone.
Okay.  Tell me, would I have to pay a wet rag as much as I pay you?
But it's not for the shop.  It's for you.
Martin, can't you just deal with this yourself?
I have to disturb you when you're cooking the books, but there's a delivery.
Can I help you?
Martin -- your customer.
Yes.  No, wait -- let's go crazy -- I'll have an orange juice.
Right -- want another one?
Not classic, no.
Right.  It's not a classic anecdotes, is it?
I suppose so.
So it could have been neither of them?
No, well... he was quite a long way away.
But Ringo Starr doesn't look anything like Topol.
That's right -- Topol.
Topol.
Would be exciting if someone famous did come into the shop though, wouldn't it?  Do you know -- this is pretty incredible actually -- I once saw Ringo Starr.  Or at least I think it was Ringo.  It might have been that broke from 'Fiddler On The Roof,' Toppy.
Who?  Someone famous?
Thanks.  I don't think you'll believe who was just in here.
Cappuccino as ordered.
Yes, better get me a half.  All I can afford.
Shall I go get a cappuccino?  Ease the pain.
Classic.  Absolutely classic. Profit from major sales push -- minus ?347.
Great.  Excellent.  Thanks.
Absolutely.  Never trust a vegetarian.
So not over her, in fact.
Oh God no.
Which means you won't be distracted by the fact that she's back in London, grasping her Oscar, and to be found filming most days on Hampstead Heath.
No, don't think I do.
Don't give a damn about the famous girl.
I believe I have.
So -- you've laid the ghost.
But I wish to make it clear I've turned a corner and henceforward intend to be impressively happy.
There's an understatement.  There are dead people on better form.
Yes -- I feel I must apologize to everyone for my behavior for the last six months.  I have, as you know, been slightly down in the mouth.
Any more announcements?
Is it someone we know?
Wait a minute -- I'm your brother and I don't know anything about this.
No really, one of them marries me and then leaves me quicker than you can say Indiana Jones -- and the other, who seriously ought to have known better, casually marries my best friend.
That's not fair.
I think you have forgotten...  what an unusual situation you have here -- to find someone you actually love, who'll love you -- the chances are... always miniscule.  Look at me -- not counting the American -- I've only loved two girls in my whole life, both total disasters.
She's perfect, perfect.
Well?
Really?
Every time.  But don't despair -- I think I have the solution to your problems.
Buggered?
Let's face facts.  This was always a no-go situation.  Anna's a goddess and you know what happens to mortals who get involved with the gods.
Bloody hell, I can't believe it -- my whole life ruined because I don't read 'Hello' magazine.
No -- did you?
You didn't know she had a boyfriend?
I think you do, yes.
So I get the brownie?
You see -- it means 'yes.'
Definitely no comment.
Do you ever masturbate?
No, it doesn't.
'No comment' means 'yes.'
That is a cheap question and the answer is, of course, no comment.
You haven't slept with her, have you?
Hello, Anna ahm...  Scott -- have some wine.
Max.  This is Anna.
Right.  Right.  Fair enough.  Thanks.
No, sir.
Or Bambi... or, I don't know, Beavis or Butthead?
No, sir.
How about Miss Flintstone?
No, sir.
And then double it -- and that is the -- what can I say -- git I'm living with and he cannot remember...
Yes, sir.  I have him in my mind.
No, that's right -- I know that.  She said she's using another name -- but the problem is she left the message with my flatmate, which was a serious mistake.
I'm sorry, we don't have anyone of that name here, sir.
Ahm, look this is a very odd situation.  I'm a friend of Anna Scott's -- and she rang me at home the day before yesterday -- and left a message saying she's staying with you...
May I help you, sir?
Hello.
... can't let you through.
Oh right.  I mean, I am a friend -- I'm not a lunatic but -- no, you basically...
I'm afraid I can't really let you through then, sir.
No, no.  She doesn't.
Does she know you're coming?
Yes -- I was looking for Anna Scott...
Can I help you?
Let me help.  We don't want all this shit cluttering up our lives.
Right -- let's talk about rent...
No.  You can't bin these.  They're classics.  I'm not allowing this.
I'm going to throw out these old videos.
What's going on?
Right.
I suppose I might have told one or two people down the pub.
Was it you?
Well, there are.  And we don't need to go anywhere near that far.  My best friend slipped -- she slipped down- stairs, cracked her back and she's in a wheelchair for the rest of her life. All I'm asking for is a normal amount of perspective.
What he's going to say next is -- there are people starving in the Sudan.
Get out, Spike.  I'm so sorry.
I went out in my goddamn underwear too.
Just take my work for it.
Why not?
I wouldn't go outside.
Okay -- okay.  Might be too late, but okay.
I'll talk to you in the morning.
No -- you're right.
Spike!
Right.  Right.  You think it's the wrong moment.  Fair enough.  Do you mind if I have a go?
Spike.  For God's sake -- she's in trouble -- get a grip.
Well, isn't this perhaps a good opportunity to... slip her one?
Yes.
And you get on very well.
Yes.
And she's in your house.
Maybe.
I don't want to interfere, or anything ... but she's split up from her boy- friend, that's right isn't it?
Spike.
Hello.  I wonder if I could have a little word.
Oh my God...  Hello.
I have some parsnip stew from last week. If I just peel the skin off, it'll be perfect.
I don't mention that Anna's a vegetarian, did I?
She's someone I just can't -- someone who... self-evidently can't be mine -- and it's as if I've taken love-heroin -- and now I can't even have it again. I've opened Pandora's box.  And there's trouble inside.
Aha!  I'd been getting a female vibe. Good.  Speak on, dear friend.
Well, okay.  There's this girl...
Sort of.
You're welcome.  Did you find them?
Thanks for your help on the glasses thing.
Oh shit, is that the time?  I have to go.
That's compared to, like, earthquakes in the Far East or testicular cancer?
Bollocks.  This happens every time I go to the cinema.  Average day, my glasses are everywhere -- everywhere I look, glasses.  But the moment I need them they disappear.  It's one of life's real cruelties.
No, 'fraid not.
Bollocks, bollocks, bollocks.  Have you seen my glasses?
Does 'Flintstone' mean anything to you?
I think she said her name was 'Flintstone.'
What?
Try 'Flintstone.'
Absolutely no idea.  Remembering one name's bad enough...
Which was?
Well, it was genuinely bizarre... she said, hi -- it's Anna -- and then she said, call me at the Ritz -- and then gave herself a completely different name.
What did she say?
Absolutely not.
Right.  No one else?
Ahm let's see -- ahm.  No.  Gone completely.  Oh no, wait.  There was -- one from your mum: she said don't forget lunch and her leg's hurting again.
Who were the ones you didn't write down from?
You want me to write down all your messages?
Two?  That's it?
Yeh, I wrote a couple down.
So -- any messages?
Groovy.  You should do more of this stuff.
No, they were prescription, so I could see all the fishes properly.
There's something wrong with the goggles though...
Right.  Vicious circle.  And then I was like rooting around in your things, and found this, and I thought -- cool. Kind of spacey.
There never will be, you know, unless you actually clean your clothes.
Ahm -- combination of factors really. No clean clothes...
Just incidentally -- why are you wearing that?
Hi...
Hey.
Yes, she is fairly fabulous.
Imagine -- somewhere in the world there's a man who's allowed to kiss her.
Well, there you go.  On for a video fest tonight?  I've got some absolute classic.
It's not yogurt -- it's mayonnaise.
There's something wrong with this yogurt.
Good luck.
Thanks.  Great.  Wish me luck.
Well, yes, that's perfect. Well done.
Wouldn't want that...  Okay -- just one more.
Yes -- she might think you don't have true love on your mind.
Cool, huh?
Point taken.
Yes -- might make it hard to strike a really romantic note.
Well... wait for it...  First there's this one...
What are the choices?
That's right -- I'm at last going out on a date with the great Janine and I just want to be sure I've picked the right t-shirt.
This is important in comparison to, let's say, whether they should cancel third world debt?
Even he.  Hey, you couldn't help me with an incredibly important decision, could you?
Wait a minute -- she took your grandmother's flowers?
Fabulous.
How was she?
Oh sure.  Of course.
Do you mind me not saying -- it's a rather distressing disease and the name of the hospital rather gives it away.
I'm sorry.  Which hospital?
No -- they're... for my grandmother. She's in a hospital nearby.  Thought I'd kill two birds with one stone.
Oh.  Right.
Yes.
Are you sure you...?
Three.
Which floor?
Well, ideally, when I went back to the desk, you'd remove the Cadogan guide to Bali from your trousers, and either wipe it and put it back, or buy it.  See you in a sec.
Okay -- what if I did have a book down my trousers?
Right -- well, then we have something of an impasse.  I tell you what -- I'll call the police -- and,	what can I say? -- If I'm wrong about the whole book-down-the-trousers scenario, I really apologize.
I haven't got a book down my trousers.
The one down your trousers.
What book?
So, I saw you put that book down your trousers.
So?
We've got a security camera in this bit of the shop.
What?
Bad news.
Yes.
Excuse me.
No. Mister Harding, that is not true.
Is it true McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped yesterday?
Yes, Mister Harding?
Yes, thank you, Miss Ratched. Since our last meeting I have been reflecting, quite seriously, on the nature of my problem. Naturally, I'm referring to the capacity to obtain the necessary results in order to obtain... No, no. To personify the very existence of that relationship regardless of the function...  Regardless of the function, we will confront the question of... Yes. Yes. The question of... Existence... Relationship... Function... Confront... Yes, confronting us in the moment of deepest crisis... Yes, the crisis of our souls. Of our souls, which I am trying to fully understand the problem... the problem. Not to shut ourselves off, but somehow... Somehow to understand fully our capacity... to obtain... to personify... the question... existence depends... depends on the question... to reflect... to reflect...
Yes, Mister Harding?
I mean, the other day you made an allusion to my wife and the possible sexual problems we might be having. I know that to be the case, but the way in which you broached it, if that's your idea of teaching me something...
No secrets, Mister Harding. Let's get it all out in the open...
Have you ever speculated, Mister Harding, that you are impatient with your wife because she does not meet your mental requirements?
I can only speculate as to the reasons why.
Why?
Yes, that is correct.
And yet you suspect her.
No, Miss Ratched...
But you have no proof.
Yes, Miss Ratched, this is correct.
Am I to take it that there isn't a man among you who has an opinion concerning this matter?  Mister Harding, you've stated on more than one occasion that you suspected your wife of seeing other men.
He also thinks he may have given her reason to seek sexual attention elsewhere, but he didn't say how. He has been heard to say to his wife, 'I hate you, I don't ever want to see you again. You've betrayed me.'  So. Does anyone care to touch upon this further?
Yes, that's perfectly correct.
At the close of Friday's meeting, we were discussing Mister Harding's problem, concerning his wife...  Mister Harding stated that his wife made him uneasy because she drew stares from men on the street. Is that correct, Mister Harding?
Mister Washington.
N-n-n-n-duh-duh-duh-pl-pl-pl-pl-muh muh-muh...
No! No! No!
Get up, Billy.
M-M-Muh-Muh-McMurphy!
Who? Tell me!
Sh-sh-she did! Everybody did!
Billy, that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly...
Sh-sh-sh-she m-m-made m-m-me do it!
I don't want your mother to believe something like this but what am I to think?
N-n-n-n-no, no, I du-du-du-didn't, I didn't!
You should have thought about that before you brought that woman in here!
P-p-p-please du-du-du-don't t-t tell her, p-p-please...
I-I-I...
You mean you don't want their votes to count, Billy!
Billy, were you afraid of her, or of her love?
I was in luh-love with her.
What was it about her that disturbed you so, Billy?
I-I-I-I c-c-c-came over S-S-S Sunday m-m-m-morning after ch-ch-ch church and br-br-brought her s-s some flowers, and I s-s-said, I said, 'C-C-C-Celia, will you muh muh-muh-muh-muh...' till the girl broke out l-l-laughing.
Tell us about it...
Y-y-y-yes...
Was it your idea to visit her on Sunday?
I-I-I-I-I d-d-don't s-s-see how anyone could lu-lu-lu-love a man who t-t-t-talks the way he does.
Yes, Billy?
Mister Sefelt?
N-n-n-n-n-no, ma'am.
Would you like to start?
M-m-m-ma'am?
Thank you, ma'am.
Yes. Good luck, Mister McMurphy.
Gotta go now, ma'am...
Thank you, ma'am...
Certainly, Mister McMurphy, with pleasure.
Miss Ratched, would you please save a space for my aunt? She's comin' down from Portland.
Why, thank you, ma'am...  Whew. Man, I tell you, that place up there is somethin' else!  Well, ya boys been practicin' up for the big game?  I figured as much...
Good. Why don't you join us?
Ma'am, I'm as gentle as a puppy dog. Why, I haven't licked the tar out of an aide for two weeks! Hi ya, Doc!
I hope everything is settled.
Thank you, ma'am.
Welcome back.
Yes, ma'am?
Mister McMurphy.
No, it was irresponsible!
Yeah, that's kind of crazy, ain't it!
Mr. McMurphy, you had no right to take these men out with you!
Yeah, ya should've come along with us, Miss Ratched, an' gotten a little sun on your cheeks and maybe caught a fish or two.
He's into his wind-up. Here's the next pitch... and it's a hit! It's a hit!
You men remain seated!
He's into his wind-up. Here comes the pitch. Strike on the inside corner!
Mister McMurphy, you are deliberately violating the rules!...
Well, I'll be a son-of-a-bitch...
I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, but you must have a majority to change ward policy.
You mean to tell me you're gonna count those old birds over there?
But there are eighteen patients on the ward, Mister McMurphy.
So do I!
I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, I count only eight.
That's it! We made it!
Everyone in favor of changing the schedule raise his hand.
Okay, I wanna see the hands. I wanna see which of you birds has any guts.
A vote is before the group.
I'm proposing a re-vote on watchin' the ballgame!
Very well. What is it you're proposing, Mister McMurphy?
Yeah, it'll satisfy me.
What the hell does that have to do with it? This is an important event and I want a vote on it!
Let me pose a question to the group: do any of you feel that Mister McMurphy is perhaps imposing his personal desires on you too much?
Yeah, yeah, the hell with that crap! The World Series is goin' on right' now an' that's therapy also!
Mister McMurphy, the purpose of this meeting is therapy. Group therapy.
Jesus Christ, the man doesn't want to talk, so get off his back an' let's get on to some new business.
That was the first time you attempted to commit suicide, wasn't it?  You must try to talk about it, Billy.
No way.
Yes. Now was there anything else you wanted to discuss, Mister McMurphy?
The hell with the schedule, you can get back to the schedule next week when the series is over. What I want is a vote on it right now!
Please understand, the schedule has been set up for a delicately balanced reason that would be thrown into turmoil by a switch of routines.
Yeah?
Just a minute, Mister McMurphy!
'Kay, item two. Tomorrow, and listen carefully to me, you ding-a lings. Tomorrow is the opening game of the World Series an' what I want is to take a vote on switchin' the group meetin' to later on in the day, so we can watch the ballgame.
Go on...
I'm not finished yet.
Right!
Certainly, Mister McMurphy.
Right... I've been givin' some serious consideration to what you told me about the democratic something of this therapeutic community of ours, an' I got a few things I wanna get off my chest, before we get back to Harding's problem.
Yes, Mister McMurphy.
Yes. Now run along like a good boy and see that you wash up properly.
You sure run a tight-assed ship 'round here, don't ya!
After breakfast, Mister McMurphy, after breakfast.
Well, say. How 'bout springing a pack of cigarettes loose?
Now you boys hurry along and wash up for breakfast...  You too, Mister McMurphy.
Patients are rationed to one pack of cigarettes a day.
What for?
Oh, I had them removed.
Yeah, some creep stole my cigarettes!
On this ward?
I wanna report a robbery!
Mister McMurphy, patients are not permitted to run around in towels.
No, that's okay, ma'am. Down it goes.
That's all right, Miss Pilbow, if Mister McMurphy does not wish to take his medication orally, he may...
Not at all, Mister McMurphy...
Sorry to have bothered you.
Mister McMurphy, there are old men here who couldn't hear the music at all if it were lower. That music is all they have, and I wish you wouldn't lean against the glass there, your hands are staining the window.
Well, say, how 'bout easin' it down a bit so a man don't have to shout!
That music is for everyone, Mister McMurphy.
How 'bout turning off that music for a while so a man can hear himself think?
Yes, Mister McMurphy?
Pardon me, ma'am, can I ask you somethin'?
Sorry, ma'am.
Mister McMurphy. Patients aren't allowed in here.
Yes... We were discussing Mister Harding's problem with his wife. Now, who will start?  Billy.
Yeah, well, it just pains me somethin' awful to see a full growed man sloshing around in his own water...
Mister McMurphy, this ward is a democratic community run by the patients and their votes, so you should feel at ease in your new surroundings to the extent you can freely discuss emotional problems in front of the patients and staff. However, the cardinal rule, and I must emphasize this: Everyone keeps their seat during the meeting!
Yes, ma'am.  Lead the way, Sam.
Yes. Now go along, Mister McMurphy. Go along.
Yeah, you ain't half so bad looking for a head nurse.
Good. I'm sure we'll be friends.
Just that I'm glad to be here, Miss Ratched. I really am.
Is there anything else?
Good. Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington, he'll see that you're properly oriented.
Yes, ma'am.
All in good time, Mister McMurphy. All in good time.
Now that you mention it, I sure would like to call my aunt up in Portland and tell 'er where I am so she can come visit me.
Please use your time to familiarize yourself with your new home and if there is anything you need to know, don't hesitate to ask us.
Yes, ma'am...
This is your bed. You may leave your things in that cabinet.
Thank you, ma'am...
We do appreciate the way you have taken it upon yourself to meet the other patients.
Yes, ma'am.
My name is Miss Ratched. I'm the head nurse here. You've already met Miss Pilbow and Aides Washington and Warren.
Hold the fort down, will ya, fellas!
Will you come with me, please.
Yes, ma'am...
Mister McMurphy!
Easy now, don't smudge 'em, we got lots of games ahead of us...
Yes, Miss Ratched...
Put him in Doctor Spivey's office!
Yes, Miss Ratched...
Please see to Mister Bromden.
Yes, Miss Ratched?
Yes, Miss Ratched...
Mister Washington, why don't we get a good head start on the day by shaving Mister Bromden and see if we can't avoid a disturbance.
Yes, Miss Ratched?
P-p-p-please duh-duh-duh-duh t-t tell, M-M-M-Miss R-R-Ratched, y-y you don't need to!
Ahhh, Billy...
It's okay, kid. Everything it going to be okay... I'll come back an' getcha in a while... 'Kay...
M-M-M-Mack?
In ya go...
Wu-wu-wu I-I-I-I th-th-think sh-sh sh-she's th-th-th-the ma-ma-ma-most bu-bu-bu-beautiful wu-wu-wu-woman in th-th-the whole world!
Candy? Hell no, Billy, she's just a good friend, that's all...
C-C-C-C-Candy!
Marry who?
Ah-ah-ah-are y-y-y-you g-g-g-going t-t-t-to muh-muh-muh-marry her?
Whatsamatter, kid, what's botherin' you...?
Good boy, thank you, Billy.
I-I-I-I-I'll g-g-g-go, M-M-Mack...
Yeah, well, let me tell ya somethin'... While I was up there gettin' in-lightened, I came up with one hellava plan...
W-W-We h-heard y-you w-were n-never c-c-coming back!
Just fine, Billy boy, just fine. Full of piss an' vinegar! They checked my plugs and cleaned my points...
H-h-how's it g-g-going, Mack?
C-C-Come here and l-look at th this!
What is it, kid?
Ease up on the star drag, keep the tie up, up and work hell outta that fella.
H-H-Help!
Soo, fare-the-weel, darlin'. I'm gone on my way, My wagons are loaded, My whip's in my hand...
'K-Kay, M-Mack!
W-W-Where we g-g-going?
Yeah, kid?
H-Hey, M-Mack.
Your horses are hungry, That's what she did say, Come sit down beside me, An' feed them some hay. My horses ain't hungry, They wontt eat your hay-ay-aeee...
Go ahead! Go back!
I-I-I'm w-w-wet...
Well, shoot, man! Whadaya say we take ourselves a little spin around the place.
Y-y-yes, a b-b-bus!
A bus?
Fuck Miss Ratched!
I-I d-d-don't know! M-M-Miss R Ratched g-g-g-g...
Come on, don't crap out on me now. We got two buddies out there!
Wh-wh-where ya going, M-M-Mac?
So long suckers.
Shhh...
Wh-wh-wh-wh...
So long, kid.
W-w-w-what is it, M-M-Mac?
Hey, Billy. Billy boy, wake up and say goodbye to your ol' buddy.
'K-k-kay, Mack!
What we're gonna have to do is pull this ballclub together for our next play. 'Kay!
O-o-o-oh...
No, kid, it was my own stupidity, that's what pissed me off.
Th-th-then y-y-you're n-n-not m-m mad?
That's okay, kid...
Stand aside, son. Any more takers?
M-M-Mack, y-y-y-you c-c-can't l-l lift that thing!
Some of us ha-ha-have b-b-been here a long t-t-time, Randle, and will b b-be here long after this Wo-Wo World Series of yours is oh-oh-oh, what's the use anyway...
Break it up, God dammit! Ain't I got enough troubles without you guys messin' around... can't depend on nobody.
What did I see 'cept a grown man gettin' whipped so bad he can't laugh anymore.
Y-y-yes! Yes! Y-y-y-you s-s-saw wh wh-what she c-c-can do to us!
H-H-Harding, the m-m-man w-wants to t-talk to you, y-you're the pr-pr pr...
Yeah, that'll do for openers!
Y-Y-You m-mean th-the pr-president of the P-P-Patients C-Council?
What I wanna know is who's the top loony around here?
Well, put 'er there, Billy boy, my name's McMurphy.
B-B-Billy.
What's your name, buddy?
Shoot! No wonder you don't care nothin' 'bout showin' your hand.
H-H-Hearts.
Whatcha boys playin'?
Shhh, Chief, don't talk. Never talk! Remember, this is just between you an' me. Do ya understand?
Ca-na-da...
Yeah, well, well, well. 'Bout time the rest of the world got a gander at Big Chief Bromden cuttin' down the boulevard, stopping just long enough for virgins... Oh, man, I tell you, I tell you, you'll have women trippin' you and beating you to the floor...
Yeah...
Ya like that, Chief, huh?
Ca-na-da...
Shit! This is too much!  Chief, I tell you we're gonna bust outta this place an' make it all the way to Canada before they know what bit 'em.
No.
Goddammit, you sly son-of-a-bitch! Does anybody else know?
God Bless America.
Say... God Bless America!
Thank you.
Say it again.
Well, okay, but I just want to look at the facilities. That's all.
Go with him, Rose. Go with him.
Whaddaya talkin' about? There's at least twenty guys in there. Let's wake 'em up and get this party on the road.
Shit, Rose! What's there to decide? There's only four of us.
Oh yeah! Well if ya don't mind, I'll decide on my own date!
It's okay, Rose. You can go with him.
Wait a minute...
Wow! They're so quiet.
In there.
What? Where?
Pssst! Hey Rose! There they are!
Are they all crazies?
Sock it to 'em, kid!
Come here a minute, Cheswick. You, too, Sefelt. Hey, all you guys, come over here, I wanna show you somethin'.
When do you think we'll be going back, Mack?
I dunno. Where do ya wanna go?
Yeah, where we going?
Hey, what's that?
There they are!
Yeah!
They must be up there!
Right, Mack!
Charlie, ya can't ever let those goons outta ya sight! Understand!
They went that way.
Where's Martini and Scanlon?
Shhh... That's for me to know an' you to find out.
How ya gettin' out, Mac?
Shhh...
Where ya goin', Mac?
I'm leaving. Goodbye!
Yeah, Mack, what is it?
Hey, Cheswick! Wake up!
Sure, Mack...
Let me get on your shoulders.
Yeah, Mack?
Come here!
Yeah, Mack?
Ha! Did ya see that!  Hey, Cheswick!
It's your dirty roll, Cheswick.
Let's go, for Christsakes...
Atta boy, Cheswick!
I second the motion!
Lend me twenty.
That okay. I'll take your marker. How many ya want?
She won't give me any more cigarettes!
What for?
What for?
Like hell we will! We got the muscle standing right here. All we need is a couple gaffin' hooks and some rope.
Does that mean we have to cut him loose?
He's a big flounder. Could weigh two, three hundred. You got to lift him in with a winch.
We'll go back just as soon as we find those guys! 'Kay?
Mine, too!
Shhh...
What?
So long, Freddy. Don't take any wooden nickles.
What? What?
Huh?
Which gets you shipped up to Disturbed for a nice little zap job.
Tell 'er to go straight to hell!
It's the questions she asks.
What?
Ya know what, Fred?
Lemme see...
Christ, they even got my first grade report card here...
My feet hurt...
Yeah, my feet are cold...
Me too...
Neither do I...
Me, too...
I'll bet a dollar.
Through the ass.
Yeah, Harding, where do you breathe anyway?
Sure, Mack...
Hey, Harding, wake me in an hour.
Scanlon out!
I don't trust you!
You can come back later!
I just started!
I'm the coach!
No!
I said out!
I refuse!
Time in!  Hold it! Time out!  I said Harding out!
I was open! Come on, let's play ball!
What are you talking about??? Everybody was covered!!! Everybody was covered!!!
Ya deaf! I said pass the ball!
Plan?... Oh, yeah, the plan... Yeah...
What's your plan, Mack?
That's nice. Send me a post card.
I'm busting outta this place.
What for?
Ya owe me twenty-five bucks.
Well, it doesn't hurt him either!  Does it, Chief!  See, it doesn't hurt him.  Jump! An' put it in!
It doesn't help him.
I'm not talkin' to him! I'm talkin' to myself! It helps me think!
So why are you talking to him?
I know, goddammit! You don't have ta tell me that!
He can't hear you!
Just warmin' up.
Giving up?
Yeah... Okay, stand aside, you guys! You're usin' up my oxygen!
Okay, sucker.
Okay, Harding, you're on.
Twenty-five dollars.
You heard me the first time!
With your own two hands?
You're fuckin' A-right, I am!
You mean you're going to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window?
With this thing! I'm gonna put this thing right through the window, that's how!
That's between me an' myself. So why don't you boys just shove off. I got some planning to do.
And how do you propose to accomplish that little feat, my friend?
It is to me! An' if I hafta bust way outta this place to see it, I will!
A baseball game isn't worth the risk, my friend.
What's the use! Hooee! It'd do you birds some good just to get a little exercise lifting your arms to vote!
She's not all that homely, Mister McMurphy. In fact, she must have been a rather beautiful young lady.
Hell, I couldn't get it up over old hatchet-face if ya paid me!
I don't see you scoring any points, buddy. And you're just the man for the job, right?
You boys seem to think you've got a champ in there, huh?
Now, what would I be trying to say?
Is that your sense of humor or are you tryin' to say somethin'?
That!
Lobotomy?
Lobotomy!
What for?
And if you persist in your ways, they can always ship you over to Medical Surgery.
Tell 'er to go to hell anyway!
Electro-Shock Therapy, my friend. Five cents' worth of electricity and you are out of everybody's hair.
She ain't peckin' at your eyes, buddy.
Miss Ratched is a competent psychiatric nurse, not some, some kind of monster pecking out our eyes!
Did to you and all the rest of you guys.
Did to me?
I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones, buddy, what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you!
It's as simple as that. You've been on our ward six hours and have already simplified the work of Freud, Jung and Maxwell Jones in one grand analogy: it's a pecking party.
That's right, buddy. And you want to know who pecks the first peck?
A pecking party?
Well, say, buddy, is that the usual pro-cedure for those Group Ther'py shindigs? Bunch of chickens at a peckin' party?
I'm seeing what a busy man does.
What are you doing?
Your buddy is callin' ya.
Martini!
I'm not running a charity ward...
Why not?
No!
Gimme a cigarette!
Well, if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have some pressing matters to attend to.
No!
Let me see your hand!
No!
Don't you have any clubs?
Gary Blinker...
Who told you that?
Yesterday...
When?
McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped...
Hear what?
Just wait till you hear...
Big king, too bad...
What's he talkin' about?
Miss Ratched. Given all the conditions of that sublime relationship, coupled with the subsequent annihilation of all that I held to be sacred, mentally, physically and emotionally, the only thing that I can speculate on, at this late date, is how I will justify the very existence of my life, with or without my dear wife.
Okay, Martini. That's okay. Now you watch me.
Gimme the ball!
I saw 'em! I saw 'em.
Whadaya doin', there's no one there!
No! I wanna go!
Shhh. Wait a minute. You guys are gonna screw up my plans. So just gone on back to bed like nothin' happened.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, Mac?
Psst! Hey, Martini, wake up!
A nickel.
Right!
Hold it a minute.
You need four houses on every lot of the same color, Martini. Now let's go, for Christsakes.
Me. Hit me!
Yeah, an' I'm tellin' ya, she's just an icy-hearted over-the-hump gal who never got enough of the old wham-bam to straighten 'er out... Okay, who wants a card?
Wait a minute, Martini, I can't hear a thing.  What?
Hit me!
That's twenty up, Martini.  Hey, Taber, who's pitching the opening game?
Hit me.
Big king... little deuce... another king... a lovely lady... big ten... and a trey... hey, hey, whadaya say? Ya hit or sit, Martini?
Whadaya bet, Cheswick?
Bet a nickel!
That's a dime, Martini.
What's this?
'Kay, place your bets.
Sorry, buddy, I'm clean outta change...
Can you borrow me a dime?
Yeah, buddy?
He is!
He's not!
Gary Blinker's fulla shit!
What is it?
Jesus God...
No.
My turn.
I'm hungry.
Yeah, it's cold!
I wanna go home!
Me too! Me too!
I wanna see it...
Me, too! Me, too!
I saw thum! I saw thum!
No. Me! Me!
Gimme the ball!
Replacement coming in! Harding out!
Time out!
Time out!
Time out!
Candy. Candy, over here.  Hey, Doc, time out.
We'll let you know.
When?
I'm sorry, but I can't keep you here.
Guidance and assistance! That's insane! Doc, ya gotta help me.
No, Mister McMurphy, it's just that we cannot offer you the guidance and assistance that you would receive at Pendleton.
Jesus, that old nurse sure wants my ass in a sling, don't she!
I'm afraid not.
Come on, Doc, you must be kiddin'.
Yes, that may be so, but in making a careful study of your past record, along with your behavior since you arrived here, my feeling is that you are not mentally ill and it is going to be my recommendation that you be returned to Pendleton where they are better equipped to handle your case.
Shoot, Doc, the only one I'm disturbing is that old nurse and her fixed ways. That's all.
Yes, well, Miss Ratched feels that you're a disturbing influence on the other patients.
Come on, Doc, you know as well as I do what's been comin' down in that loony bin.
Good, good, and how are you getting along on the ward?
Just fine, Doc... In fact, I think I might've put on a couple of pounds since I got here.
How are you feeling?
It is worth considering... Miss Ratched?
Well, I was turnin' this dilemma over in my head, when I happened to hit on that old tub room out there, an' I said to myself, McMurphy, I said, that place would make a great second day room. A sort of game room for the young fellas. Whadaya think, Doc?
Good. Good.
You bet, Doc!
Well, you're here for a ninety-day observation period, Mister McMurphy. I'd like you to understand you are here on a court order and we are responsible to the state. So, I'd like your cooperation!
No, this is my first trip, Doc.
Ah, it seems you have no other psychiatric history, Mister Murphy?
Doc, what can I tell ya?
The doctor at the prison states: 'Don't overlook the possibility that this man may be faking psychosis to escape the drudgery of the work farm...' What do you say to that?
That's correct, Doc ...
Arrested on an assault charge five times...
I don't, Doc...
Well, according to the Warden at Pendleton, you were a disturbing influence on others. 'It appears that there is a potential in him for instigating a revolt among the other inmates.'  What do you think of that report?
Well, ya know, Doc...  Doesn't it say so there?
Yes... Ah, do you know why you're here?
To tell the truth, ever since I found my natural callin' I done time in so many small-time jails I could write a brochure...
I see...
They say I'm a habitual hassler. Like I fight some. Sheeut. They didn't mind so much when I was a dumb logger and got into a hassle. That's a hardworkin' feller blowing off steam, they say. But if you're a gambler, all you have to do is spit slantwise and you're a goddamned criminal.
In what way?
Yeah, but you know how society persecutes a dedicated man.
I see.
Poker!
Oh, what was that?
Hell, Doc, I've been everything from a hoopla man with a two-bit carny show to a top mechanic and bull goose catskinner for every gypo loggin' operation in the Northwest till the Army taught me what my natural bent was.
McMurphy, Doc. R.P. McMurphy.
My, my... Ah, who are you?
Yup! Worked right outta Depoe Bay for just about every season since I was able to haul my own weight.
Is that so?
Oh, do you do much fishing?
Why, I'll betcha there must be a million albacore and tuna running of the coast right this minute.
Oh, what's that?
Hold it!
Man, there sure is an awful lot of poontang around here.
I'm not upset. All I wanna know, for the lovva Jesus...
Don't get upset, Mister McMurphy...
Look, miss, I don't like swallowing something without knowing what it is!
It's just medication, Mister McMurphy, good for you. Now down it goes...
What's the horse pill for, honey?
Your medicine, Mister McMurphy.
All I'm askin' is...
Stay back! Patients aren't allowed to enter the... Oh, stay back!
Pardon me miss, but would you mind turning...
Shhh!
'Kay!
'Kay, let's see...  Cheswick first ... then Billy... Martini... Scanlon... Sefelt... Fredrickson... Taber an' the Chief... 'Kay
'Kay, Mac!
Shhh... Remember this is a privilege, so I don't want none of you goons fuckin' up. Kay?
'Kay, Mac!
Shhh. Hold it down! I'll take you guys down, but ya gotta come right back up! 'Kay?
Breakfast! Hell, I know just the place where we can chow down an' thaw out before we shoot back on home. 'Kay?
Yeah, we'll miss breakfast!
I'm not going back in there. I told ya this was a one way trip. Now stand aside.
Yeah, take us back to the dumbwaiter, Mac.
Shhh!  This way!
Somebody's coming!
I don't believe it...
Out. It's the way out. So just keep it in your minds if ya ever wanna make use of it.
You're on.  Let's go! An' keep it quiet.
Ten bucks.
How much ya wanna bet?
Yeah!
Oh, yeah?
Bullshit. You ain't got no way out!
Shhhh. Time to say goodbye.
What's going on?
Up an' at 'em, Taber.
You're on!
I'll bet a buck you don't do it!
All right!
Yeah, yeah, show me. Show me how!
You want me to show ya! You want me to show ya how!
Yeah, yeah, you're a fucking phony, McMurphy!
Put your money where your mouth is, Taber.
Yeah, you don't know how to get outta this place!
You think it's funny, huh?
You're breathin' right now.
Because I quit breathing.
How do ya know that?
I'm the next one.
You look pretty healthy to me.
I want you to write me a letter to my brother for a hundred dollars to bury me.
What's troubling ya, buddy?
No, 'fraid not...
Are you a doctor?
Yeah, buddy?
Martini out!
No!
Shhhh. See ya around the ball park.
Yeah, what's up?
Scanlon! Hey, Scanlon, wake up!
Okay. Who else?
A dime.
Gimme those dice. I'll blow this board to pieces. Here we go...  Lebenty leben, count me over eleven, Martini...
You just come on with that three fifty and Martini will take care of himself... Your dice, Scanlon.
That right?
He can't hear you. He's just a deaf and dumb Indian!
Hey, how's it look up there, big boy?
Sure...
Got a cigarette?
Yeah, that's a good idea, Turkle. Why don't ya take Rose on a little tour of our facilities...
I'll be very glad to show you around, Miss...
Ah'm on my knees, brother, ah'm on my knees.
Now, wouldn't you pray for twenty bucks, a bottle booze an' a piece of that angel cake?
Ah believe ya, brother. Ah believe ya!
You's better believe it, brother!
That angel of mercy, he ain't a she, is he?
Come an' see.
Hallelujah, brother, now get back in bed!
I tell ya, there's an angel of mercy standing out there, Turkle.
Oh yeah...
Our prayers have been answered, Turkle! Our prayers have been answered!
I thought I told you boys to go to bed!
'Kay...
Well, you boys finish it up an' climb back into your beds. 'Kay?
Prayin', brother. Prayin'.
What you boys doin' up at this ungodly time o' the night?
Yeah... Well, see ya around, Itsu.
No...
You comin' in to hold my hand?
Miss Itsu.  In here, please.
You know, I never got your name.
You an' me, Chief.
Please follow me.
To help you relax... please...
What are they?
Fine, thank you.  Here, please take these.
Hey, how ya doin'?
Just great!  See ya around!
Okay. How you doing?
Hey, how ya doin', cutie?
What?
Sure, she understands what you mean. She's not dumb. Why do you think Rose came to visit us? Rose is very interested in hospitals and hospital facilities. Aren't you, Rose?
Well, listen to this. He got mad at me one day. Boy, did he get mad at me. He took the light bulb, ya know. I thought he was going to cram it right up me, ya know. But he ate it. He ate the whole fucking light bulb.  Now, tell me! Is he crazy? Tell me! Is he crazy?
Sure, I know Chuck. I know him.
Are you a doctor?
He's in charge.
Who is he?
He can't hear you, Rose. He's just a big deaf an' dumb indian...
Hi ya, big boy? How's it goin'? Like it in here?
Yeah...
Oh, yeah...
He's a patient, Rose...
How's your ass been holdin' up, honey?
Okay, Mack!  Whoowe, Candy girl, are we in an insane asylum or ain't we?
I don't have any.
I thought I might donate it to the mess hall.
Hey, Martini! Psst! Scanlon! Ya dumb goons, come back here!  Come on, let's get 'em!
There they are!
Ya-hoo, let's'play ball!
Yes, I see it! I see it!
Why, my head would just squash like an eggplant, McMurphy.
Maybe I'll just use that thick skull of yours as a batterin' ram, Sefelt.
That me an' my buddy, Cheswick, we'll be downtown tomorrow watchin' the ballgame while you suckers are sittin' around this goddamn nursery!
On what?
Yeah, how much you wanna bet?
Big man!
Yeah!
Boogered!
Hit, you say? Well well well and with a king up, the boy wants a hit. Whadaya know. So comin' at you and too bad, a little lady for the lad and he's over the wall and down the road, up the hill and dropped his load.
Hit me!
Potential assaultive.
P.A. What the hell is that?
That kind of behavior will get you a P.A. rating, my friend.
Hi.
Hi.
Thank you, ma'am,
Make yourself at home, Mister McMurphy...
Thank you.
After you, ma'am.
Of course.  Mister McMurphy.
Oh...
Ya know, I ain't never been in an institution of psychology before.
I'm sure you will.
Yes, sir, I sure am gonna enjoy my stay here.
Yes, ma'am...
This way, Mister McMurphy.
Yes, sir, it's a mighty nice fall day...
Yes, Miss Ratched!
Hey, Billy, stop cryin'. You don't have to cry... You ain't got nothin' to be ashamed of. She ain't gonna tell you mother... stop crying...
No way...
We got your black ass now, Washington, wanna bet another twenty?
Take you han's offa me!
Ya fuckin' coon, you're not on the ward now!
Jus' playin' the game, sucker...
What kind of crap is that???
You're a witness, Doc!
Bet you ass...
Bet!
Now you talkin'.
How 'bout twenty?
Shit, man, tha' ain't even worth considerin'.
Hey, Sam, bet ya two bucks ya lose.
Asshole.
Huh?
Who do you like in the opening game, Sam?
Tha's your problem.
Don't know if I can hold it that long, Sam.
Nobody leaves here till seven thirty.
Stand aside, Sam, Nature's callin'.
Yes, ma'am...
And you haven't heard the last of this!
Yes, ma'am...
I want those men put back to bed, Mister Turkle!
Ah, no, ma'am... well, yes, ma'am...  A man get awful lonely at night, if ya know what Ah mean, ma'am...
You've been drinking on the job again, haven't you, Mister Turkle!
Ah guess the natives are restless, ma'am...
What are these men doing up wandering around?
Cleanliness is a twenty-four-hour job, ma'am...
At this hour?
Jus' cleanin' up, ma'am.
The lights were flashing on and off, Mister Turkle.
Why, sure, ma'am...
Is everything all right?
Evenin', ma'am.
Oh, there you are, Mister Turkle.
Oh, I'm all through talkin'. Now, let's just you an' me trip on down that hall.
Don't you sweet talk me you ol' spook, you!
You better believe it, you sweet little thing. You better believe it...
Oh, yeah...
Now, Miss. What do you want with twenty zombies when you got a twenty gun salute looking you right in the face.
Well, I'm running a risk by letting you in, Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean...
You ol' fucker!
I don't know anything about that, Miss. I would have to examine you first...
That's what I told his mother. And she said I was crazy. Her son ate the whole fucking light bulb and she said I was crazy.
Oh, I see. He was a very sick man. Very sick.
He's dead.
Is he in an asylum?
I thought so.
Well, Miss... I would say... I would say, yes. Yes, he's crazy.
Yeah, well, I'll tell ya somethin'. I'll tell ya somethin'. I had this boyfriend, Chuck.  Ya know him, Mac. Ya remember, Chuck.
Not exactly, Miss. Not exactly.
Shhh, please, Miss. Keep it down...
Smells like piss. Is this real, Candy? Is this really real? I mean we are in an insane asylum, an' I wanna know how we got ourselves into this scene.
Oh, no, Miss. Not these loonies. These are nice guys. Nice guys.
Are they dangerous when they're awake?
They're sleeping, Miss. They're sleeping. An' we gotta keep it down so we don't disturb their sleep.
Is he one of the loonies?
Oh, that. That ain't nothin' to be afraid of, ma'am. Just ol Chief Bromden. That's all...
That!
What?
What's that?
What happened?
Shhh... let's move it away from the window...
Whew! Hiya, boys!
Look, she wasn't a relative, okay? I don't know who she is.
Your grandmother?
Of course not.
Your mother.
No, she wasn't my sister.
She was your sister.
Si.
Yes, but...  He was having an affair.
He is your husband, no?
It was late in arriving.  But it's here now.
You didn't have that with you before.  Prima non l'aveva con se.
Okay, ma'am, just a moment.
You don't understand.  The man I'm supposed to marry is on that plane.
Great.  Because, like I said, until you find it, we can't let you on the plane.
I'm sorry, but without a boarding pass we can't let you on the plane.
I-- I must've misplaced it.
May I see your boarding pass, please?
So.  How do we get to Rome?
He said he thinks a woman he works with knows him.  Her name's Anna. But she won't be in 'til tomorrow.
Because.
Why?
No...  it's just very important that I find him, okay?
Once they pay the bill, we don't usually follow them.
Nobody here has any idea which way he went?
I'm very sorry.  Perhaps you misunderstood?
He couldn't have checked out-- I was supposed to meet him here.
Mr. Bradley left about a half hour ago.  He said his plans had changed unexpectedly.  Would you prefer an interior or exterior room?
Excuse me?
Buona notte.
You ask what room he's in, okay?
Did he do some anonymous good deed for her?
No.
Is he some kind of celebrity or something?
No.
Were they pen pals?
Seriously.
Really.  She thinks he's here. Even though she's never met him. Even though she's never laid eyes on him.
No, really.  What's she doing?
So she can drive through the streets of Rome paging the man of her dreams.
What for?
She's trying to find out where she can rent a loudspeaker.
What's she doing?
My friend has lost her fucking mind...
So, what's the story with your friend?
What is it?
My name isn't Damon Bradley.  I just told you it was Damon Bradley.
What?
It's alright...  this is our destiny.
Yes.  We did.
We found each other, didn't we?
You're sure...
Don't be afraid.  You can tell me.
Sure-- But, before you do that, since we're putting all our cards on the table, I have a confession to make, too.
Let's find a telephone.
Good.
I've never been more sure of anything in my life.
You're sure...
It just happened.  I didn't plan it.  I was alone.  And he was... there.  But now everything's changed.  I owe it to him to let him know.  I need to tell him.
Oh, right.  Dwayne.  You're engaged to Dwayne?
I feel like I've been wandering in the desert for as long as I can remember.  With nothing but emptiness around me, wind and sun...  And suddenly, out of the blue, somehow I've found the oasis.
What?...
Okay.  Good idea.  You first.
But...  just to be sure, maybe we ought to shatter each other's unrealistic images of perfection. You know, each of us admit something embarrassing about ourselves.
Your hair... is perfect.
My hair's kind of a mess, isn't it?
Yes.
--separate, in the evening..."
There's this poem by Rilke, I don't remember the whole thing, but it's about that.  About waiting for that person, and wondering if you'll ever find them.  And the last line of it goes, "Who knows?  Perhaps the same bird echoed through both of us, yesterday--
What great aunt?
Your great aunt.
Who's dying?
Exactly.
Let's face it.  Sooner or later we all die.
She's been acting weird lately, though.  I shoulda seen it coming. Babbling on and on and on about "communication".  Like I don't know how to communicate.
I don't get it.  She hasn't seen her since she was a kid, now just because she's dying, all of the sudden she's gotta see her again?
Dwayne Pinsley.  From high school. That's how I knew you were here. When you called, from the airport.
Dwayne?
And, he's a friend of yours.  It's Dwayne.
Except possibly that.
I'm engaged.  I'm supposed to be married in two days.
Nothing you could say would change the way I feel.
There is one other thing you should know about me.
My car bumper has never held a winning sticker.
No...
I'm a liberal!
No.
Oh no.  Do you?
You don't think this is just infatuation, do you?
That's it.  That's it.  That's all I need to know.  Bless you, thank you, thank you.
A restaurant.  In Piazza Navona.
What's mezzaluna?
...has a prior commitment.
Ha un numero di telefono?
Ask her if she knows how I might reach him?  If she has a telephone number?
No.
Sa dov'e' lui?
Ask her if she knows where he is?
A very large pig.
What?...
But Faith--
I'll bring it back as soon as I can.
Please, Larry.  I have to hurry.
But, Faith--
Don't worry, it's a long story, but I know who he is.  I know where to find him.
Faith, this guy you think is Mr. Right, he's... not what you think--
Larry, can I borrow your car keys?
No.
Larry!  What are you doing here?  Mom sent you.
Okaaaaayyyy.
We'll KNOW.
If I live here, then he lives here. Fate wouldn't make a mistake like that.  And stop talking.  You're gonna ruin the spell.
Yeah, but, what if he doesn't live here?  Like, what if he's a cannibal in New Guinea or something?
Don't be stupid, Larry.  If he's my destiny, then, obviously, he has to be alive.
Yeah, but, what if this guy lived a billion, trillion years ago? Like, what if he was a cave man, and now he's dead?
Wait.  I have to write this down.
I'M NOT PUSHING IT.
Beautiful women who could lure men to their destruction with their singing.  Nobody's ever really seen them and lived to tell about it. But, I don't know.  An awful lot of ships wrecked on those rocks.
Hm.
Lots of history.  For example, did you know, according to legend, this coastline used to harbor Sirens?
Non.  Please.
Smoking or non-smoking?
Amazing.
It's an amazing place, don't you think?
I take it things didn't work out between the two of you?
So, this is what you do?  I mean when you're not playing other parts?
Thanks.
Congratulations.
My picture's up?
No, you gave a very convincing performance.  And you'll be pleased to know that your eight-by-ten glossy is now on display at the local playhouse.
It was the moth stuff that gave it away, didn't it?  I knew that was too much.
Before you start picking your nose, I know he put you up to it.
Hi there...
You...
Huh?  Uh, yeah-- I've gotta run. Tell Dwayne hi.  Maybe someday we can all get together.
Venice?  I love Venice.  With the boats, right?...
I'm on my way to Venice.  Why?
Where are you going?
Well, he'd have to hurry.  My flight leaves at four o'clock.
Uh-- in case Dwayne wants to try to reach you.
I'm at the airport.  Why?
WAIT!!  Where are you?
Right.  Thanks a lot.  And congratulations.  It's not easy finding love these days.
Damon Bradley...
I can hardly hear you.  Could you spell that?
My name's 
I'm sure he'll be sorry to hear that.  Who should I tell him called?
Oh, hi.  I'm an old high school buddy of Dwayne's.  I was in town this weekend, was hoping to stop by and surprise him. But I've gotta catch a plane so I'm afraid I'm not gonna be able to make it.
This is his fiancee.  Who's this?
Who's this?
He's not in at the moment.  Can I take a message?
Dwayne Pinsley?  I'm trying to reach Dwayne Pinsley.
Hello?  Is anybody there?
I brought you that, too.
I was hoping for the real thing.
There is no us.
Look, I just thought if you finally got rid of this obsession with this name, if you could get it out of your system once and for all, then maybe you'd be able to stop waiting and open your heart to someone real.  Granted, ideally, me.  I didn't do it to hurt you.  I did it for you.  I did it for us...
If you had wanted to, you'd have gone home.
That's not the point.  And what if I had wanted to?
And this is the thanks I get.  I did you a favor.  You never wanted to marry that joker in the first place.
Yes.
Really?...
No, it isn't.  I called off my wedding all because of you.
Very funny.
Gee, I'm flattered.  What an incredibly romantic gesture. Cancel the roses, I've decided to lie to her instead.
Yes.  I'm crazy.  You have driven me crazy.  No one in their right mind would go to this much trouble to win over someone as insane as you.  Did it ever, even for one second, occur to you how much work it was to set all this up?  How many arrangements had to be made? How many players had to be coordinated?
Rational?!  Love is not rational! Are you crazy?
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little here?   We're talking about love, okay?  Let's be rational.
I would call it-- unforgivable.
What would you call it?
A "little white lie"?  A "little white lie"?
As I recall, you were on your way home.  And I didn't want you to go so, yes, I told you a little white lie.
Well, I might've found him again if I hadn't left Rome to make this pointless trip down here with you.
I sabotaged it?  You're the one who lost him, remember?
You're the reason I never met him. You knew it was the thing I most wanted in life and you sabotaged it.
And I can't believe you are so stubborn and so blind as to let some stranger, some phantom you've never even met destroy it.
I can't believe you did that!
Alright.  The truth is... I thought we had something here.
No one had to tell me.  He's starring in the local play.
I don't know what you're talking about.  Who told you that?
Who cares?!  You hired an actor??
Reptilian swine.  There's no such thing.  Reptiles aren't swine.
What?
There's no such thing.
You want a hint?  I'll give you a hint.  You are the lowest, most despicable, most reprehensible form of reptilian swine--
I'd call that a yes.  Do I get a hint?
GET OUT!!
Is something the matter?
Okay.  I'll meet you at the dock in ten minutes.
I just need to run up and get my bathing suit.
You can't come to Southern Italy and not see the Blue Grotto.
In that case... no...
Yes.  I am.
Are you asking me out?
Thank you.  So, since I have a few more days of vacation left, I was wondering if maybe you'd want to do something sometime.  I mean, you know, if you don't have... other plans.
Well.  Congratulations.
No.  I mean yes, I'm not.  I decided to call it off.  Well, actually, it was kind of mutual.
You aren't?
Yeah...  Well, anyway, I also wanted to tell you, I'm not getting married.
I know the feeling.
It seems like ever since I found out about this guy, this name, I've been kind of crazy.  Like I was on drugs or something.
No.  I just came by to apologize.
No.  Are you're leaving?
Hi.  Are you... busy?
Hi.
No.  Course not.
Promise me you won't leave without saying goodbye.
No, it was more than that.  It was very generous of you.  It was very kind.
Yeah.  Well, was the least I could do.
I feel like the world's biggest idiot.
I'm sorry.
I guess he turned out to be kind of a loser, huh?
Yeah.
You okay?
Actually, I think I prefer Katherine Hepburn.
Well, how about those old romantic movies with those great stars, huh? Like Audrey Hepburn.
The Boston Pops.  Season tickets.
How about music?  You like classical?
The Sun Also Rises.  For Whom the Bell Tolls.  The Old Man and the--
Well, what about books?  You like Hemingway?  You gotta love Hemingway.
Exactly.  Besides, no hard feelings.  You found somebody.  I found somebody. I thought we could double.
So were you.
I just wanted to keep an eye on you.  The guy's a total stranger, remember?
Why are you doing this?
I don't know if that's such a--
Say, I saw where they had motor boats for rent down in the harbor. Why don't we all go for an evening cruise around the bay?
Boy, that looks tasty.  What is that?
You were saying...
We were hungry.
What are you doing here?
What?...
Thank you, Peter.  Thank you so much.
Nice dress.
What?
Hey--
You too.
Oh, thanks.  Well, have a good time.
Just to that place down at the bottom of the stairs.  Nothing fancy.
Where are you going?  Just-- out of curiosity...
Anyway, that's why I came by.  I need to fix this button.  Do you have a needle and thread?
Well, good.  Good for you.
And she's a knock-out, too.
Yeah.
Oh.  That's nice.
Well, it looks like we both lucked out.  I just met somebody myself. Somebody my aunt introduced me to.
You found him.  I don't know how to thank you.
So.  You found him.
Hi.
Hi, Peter.
NO.
Do you want me to do it?
Oh, and I forgot to tell you.  He's here with his mother.
Right now?
He's out by the pool right now.
Or Hustler.
Mickey Spillane?
Mickey Spillane.
Please.  I need to know.
I'd really rather not say.
Tell me.
Uh, I'd rather not say.
He likes to read...  Did he mention anyone in particular?
The guy at the hotel told me he always wears a gold medallion, and usually has a book or magazine with him.
Because-- I want you to be happy.
Why?
Look, I know there's no going back for us.  That's not it.  I just want to make this up to you.  Clear my relationship karma.  And I know the area, I've got some cousins down there.  Please.  Let me do this for you.  Let this be my gift to you.
Oh no, I don't think that would be a good idea.
It's in the south.  I've still got my rental car.  I can get you there by morning...
Where's Positano?
I went back to that restaurant and I spoke with his waiter, just on an off chance, you know, and, anyway-- he knew the name of the guy's hotel.  So, I called there, they said he left yesterday.  But, apparently he comes here every year, always follows the same route.  He always goes from here down the coast to the Le Sirenuse hotel in Positano.  I called.  And they told me he's checked in.
Because.  I know where he is.
Why not?
Who says I don't love him?...
Fine.  Okay.  Forget me.  Leave me out of it.  But don't go throwing your life away on somebody you don't love.
Because I don't have the right name?!
Don't you see?..  We're not the ones who are meant to be.  You're the man of somebody else's dreams.
No, that wasn't a lie.  That was...  a mirage.
What about the oasis in the desert? Are you telling me that was a lie?
So it wasn't real.
So?
Look, Peter, I don't hate you. But what we had was an illusion. Mutual wishful thinking.  We both wanted to believe it for awhile, but it was all founded on a lie.
There must be something I can do, something I can say to make this up to you?...  Just tell me what it is, I'll say it.  I'll do it. I don't want you to hate me.
He's a podiatrist.  Pain is your body's way of telling you something is wrong.  Your toe is trying to tell you not to do it.
What?
You stubbed your toe, don't you think that's a sign?
Because I'd like to think at least one of you feels that way.  Does he  know who you are?
Why are you asking me this?
You didn't answer my question.
He wants to marry me, doesn't he?
Does he love you?
So?!  Is there something wrong with loving somebody who's safe?
He's safe.
Because I know who Dwayne is, and he's reliable and stable and wants to marry me.
Yes.
To the foot doctor.
Yes.
Yes?!  To be married, I suppose.
If it's any of your business, yes.
Why can't you just tell me?
You are leaving, aren't you?
NO.
Are you okay?  You want some help?
I know I'm limping.  I stubbed my toe.
You're limping.
Oh, come on...  What kind of an excuse is that?
I'm in love with you.
How could you do this to me?
That was before I found out what it was.
You said whatever it was you would understand.
That's not the point.
Let's face it.  You want me.
What?
So, what are we waiting for?
A few times.  It's kind of an annual tradi--
So, you say you've been to Italy before?
Mommy, this is Faith.
Oh, hello.
Faith, this is my mother.
Uh, the scampi sounds good to me, too.
So what do you think?
You like shrimp?  I like shrimp.
Hmmmm... Well, the scampi sounds good...
What looks good?
Don't worry about it.  You're my guest.
Nothing.  Prices are a little steep here, aren't they?
Excuse me?
And more...
Well, to-- new friends.
Really...
Really?
You know, I noticed you out at the pool even before we spoke.  I could sense the chemistry between us.
Brunello di Montalcino, '85, please.
Sure.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Faith.
Oh, Faith.  My name's Faith.
Aren't you going to tell me who you are?
Yes?
Wait.
Okay.  Good.  See you then, then.
I'll look forward to it.
You would?  Really?
Sure.
Would you be willing to have dinner with me?
Well, not exactly...
Any night.
Tonight?
I was wondering...  Do you have dinner plans?
I just got here, too.  Not yesterday.  But, just now.  Today. Just a few minutes ago.  Yeah, we just got here...  I mean, I just got here.  I'm single.
Just since yesterday.
Been here long?
Sure is.
Beautiful place...
Hello.
Uh huh.
You're Damon Bradley?
Larry, did you rent a car?
He's gone.  He told me what happened.  He just left for the airport.
I'm fine.  Have you seen Peter?
I don't know.  I've just been thinking... maybe this destiny thing is more of a do-it-yourself operation.  Maybe the things that are meant to be are the things we want badly enough to fight for.
What about Larry?
And Larry?...
Well... I ought to be getting home anyway.  The kids'll be back from camp soon.  The house is probably a mess.
Oh.
Actually, no.  There's not going to be a wedding.
Well, I realized, if you're getting married, you're gonna be needing the maid of honor, right?
I didn't expect you back so soon.
Uh huh.
Kate is that you?
So.  I guess I've got a wedding to go to.
So...
When you could've found one in America.
I came all the way to Italy in search of a weasel.
Yup.
I spent my whole life waiting for a creep.
Yes.  He is.
He's a jerk.
Or maybe it'll turn him back into a toad.
Maybe if I kiss him I'll feel it.
I thought this was supposed to be the one guy in the world you wouldn't need to change.
Maybe I can change him.
No, I think maybe you've been right.  I think I may have been too critical in the past.
And he is living proof.
No one's perfect, Kate.
Not only is he a momma's boy and a fascist, he says "nuculear" and "irregardless".
Uh huh...  Okay, we'll be there. How is he, anyway?
Kate.  Thank God you're there. I need help.
Faith, I'm kidding.  Is this how you plan to get what you want from life?  When you finally find it, you turn and run away from it?
My God... you're right.
It means you're a completely worthless excuse for a human being, and the fates have all conspired to make you miserable.
What if he doesn't like me?
Whatareyoudoing?!
Is Damon Bradley here?
Joan Collins stayed here.
He's down in someplace called Positano.  Peter says we can make it there by morning.
Amazing...
Yes.  Isn't that amazing?
Peter found him?
I'll be back before you leave.
I'm sure.  And Kate, thank you for coming.  Thank you for being such a good friend.
You sure you'll be okay?
No.  No, you go ahead.
I'm just not ready to go home quite yet, that's all.
What?
Who said I was going?
The last dead end in a long series of dead ends that I am relieved to finally be leaving behind.  May as well start packing, our cab's gonna be here in an hour.
Peter?  Peter was a mistake.  An imposter.
What about Peter?...
Yeah, well, obviously it wasn't meant to be.  I've got forty-eight hours.  I can still make it home in time to marry Dwayne and try to forget any of this ever happened.
...and a fortune teller.
It was a ouija board, remember?
I know, but...
I thought you were the one who didn't think I should've come in the first place.
So you're just quitting?  Just like that?
Why do they read kids fairy tales in the first place?  Children are very impressionable, you know.
Okay, a lot of bad luck.  But that means the odds are probably in your favor now.  This is no time to give up.
A little bad luck?
So, you've had a little bad luck.
Because I've been kidding myself. Because I realized you were right from the beginning.  This whole thing was just a wild goose chase.
Why?
Packing.
Sightseeing...  What're you doing?
Hi.  Where've you been?
Hi-iii...
Men have ways.
But how could he know?  He only just met me.
Yeah.  Sociopaths.  They're able to figure out what you want them to be and then they act like that.
Don't be silly.  How's a psychiatrist gonna find him?
No... Like a psychiatrist.
Like a detective.
I think it's time we got some professional help.
I meant about my idea.
That was really sweet...
And then... we rent a truck, or a car, either one, and we set up a loudspeaker, and we drive through the surrounding areas, and we page him.
And then what, Faith?
Okay, here's what I think.  We find out what all the subway stops for that train are-- the subway system's really not that big in Rome, we could narrow it down and--
Well, nobody can say we didn't try.
Good luck.
What?
Faith--
Right.  Okay...  It's meant to be right?  This is it.
Faith.  So far you've trailed the man halfway around the globe.  At this point, I don't think another fifteen feet is gonna tip the scales.
Right, right...  Okay..  You don't think he's gonna think I'm too aggressive?
Nope.
Is he looking at us?
He's sitting in the fourth booth down, on the left hand side, with his back to us.  He's wearing a navy jacket.  If you turn around, you can see part of his right elbow.
Oh my God.  Where?
He's heeeeeerrre...
Okay, okay.  You join him.  But first will you ask if he's here?
Not if you don't count the sixth grade.
Sure you did.
I never even got to be single.
Because I'm the one who's single.
Well, how come we're always looking for guys for you?
I told you.  If he sees me here with another guy, he's gonna think I'm here with another guy.  I just don't want to send any confusing signals.
So what's in a name?  I wanna join him.  I don't see why we can't join him.
You've travelled over six thousand miles and now you're gonna play hard to get?
I sort of wanted to wait to see if maybe he'd notice me first?
You're right.  At least that way you could spend the rest of your life blaming your parents instead of yourself.  Smile.
All of the sudden, I'm feeling kind of nervous.  God, I hate blind dates.  Why couldn't we just have arranged marriages in America?
What's she saying?
I don't know.  I just asked her if she knew him and all of the sudden--
What did you say to her?
Right.  My brother.
Her brother.
Anna, I'm Faith.  You don't know how happy I am to meet you.  You see, I'm trying to find someone, and--
Polo.
Larry bought himself cologne?
He went out and bought himself men's cologne the other day.  Did I tell you that?
And you know what I thought then, Kate?  I thought, I hope someday I have somebody who loves me that much.  I still hope that.
That was a long time ago.
You know, when Larry and I got married, I thought we were so lucky we found each other so early. People talk about spending their lives together, how many of them really get to?  But maybe I was wrong.  Maybe sooner or later everything wears out.
'Course he does.
You think he misses me at all?
I don't know, Kate.  I just said that.  I'm sorry.  I'm just on edge.  I'm afraid we're losing him.
So, what exactly is Larry's side of the story, anyway?
Sorry.
Well, you don't have to get snippy with me.
You expecting somebody you know?
Nothing.
What's that supposed to mean?...
You know, no offense or anything Kate, but I think I'm starting to see Larry's side of the story.
I'm hungry.
Right.  So we should've been able to cover more of them.
We would've had enough gas to get us there if you hadn't gotten us lost.  Besides, a kilometer is less than a mile.
I told you a liter was less than a gallon.
The book said they have a lot of rail strikes in Italy.
Couldn't we just have taken a train?
What was I gonna do?  Tell him the truth?
Your brother?
Only, it's in Italian...
Only what?
A phone message.  Only--
What is it?
We're saved!
Oh.  Right.
We're not looking to arrest the man, Faith, we're trying to locate him.
Maybe there's fingerprints on it?
A rich, possibly fat, slob.
A Butterfinger wrapper.
What'd you find?
Ah ha!...
So, maybe his room hasn't been cleaned yet.  Maybe there's something in there that might help us.  Maybe they'll let us go in and take a look around.
So?
The guy at the desk said he only left about a half hour ago, right?
I just got a dial tone--
I don't think he understood what you were saying.  What's the airport number?
Did I or did I not offer to have it cleaned?
You can't really blame him for being upset.  It was an Armani suit.
He fell out.
What are you doing?
Faith, I've seen it already, okay? If I spot somebody who's got a head that's an eighth of an inch around, standing underneath a tuba, I'll recognize him from the photo. Otherwise, I'm telling you, it's not gonna do me any good.
Just once more, so you'll be sure to know what to look for.
You and the other 99% of the women in the world.
I'll never meet the man of my dreams.
We lost him?...
You gave it your best shot.  You tried.
I can't believe we came all this way and he's gone.
Well, we're here.  And more importantly, he's here.  We'll cut back on everything else.
Yes.  Cathy Lee Crosby stayed here.
Are you sure?
"Of the Rich and Famous".  Of which we are neither.  Are you out of your mind?  We can't afford this.
What?
This is a Lifestyles hotel.
I don't know...  Maybe.  Think of it as an adventure.
"Gritty"?  Is this gonna be one of those youth hostel dives jammed with backpackers who don't believe in deodorant?
It's called... the Gritty Palace.
The book said they have boats that are like taxis...  Vaporettos.  What's the name of the place we're staying again?
Now what do we do?
Sure.  I'm fine.  I don't know why I never did this before.  I mean, what's the big deal?
You okay?
You're coming with me?
I keep it in the glove compartment in case of emergencies.
Maybe.
Live happily ever after.
How hard can it be?  I'll land there, I'll go to his hotel, I'll introduce myself, and--
A foreign land full of millions of Italian men...  speaking Italian with Italian accents and those huge brown eyes and that silky olive skin...
He was on his way to Venice, right? I called the tourist bureau and I must've called every hotel in the city, but I found where he's staying. 
You're just going to fly to Italy and start combing the streets?
Thank you so much.
My God, you have...
No, I haven't.  And you forgot about the fortune teller.
Look, I know you think this is irresponsible of me, but think how much more irresponsible it would be to marry the wrong person. 
I can't believe we did this.  Do I have to remind you that your wedding is in six days?
Of course not.  I told him I was going to visit a great aunt.  And don't tell Larry, either.
Does Dwayne know about this?
Would you stop saying that?  I need you to do me a really big favor.
Because you were afraid to fly.
That's where you're wrong.  I got one nine years ago.  I just never had an opportunity to use it.
You don't have a passport.
I have vacation time coming to me.
What about your job?
It's still the new year...
But it's July.
It was my New Year's resolution to overcome it.
The woman at my dry cleaners believes there's no such thing as coincidence.
It's a coincidence.
It's a miracle.
After all, he is my brother, and I know he can be kind of a jerk sometimes, but I know him pretty well, and I really don't think--
No...  I can just tell.
Have you seen him with someone?
I think he's having an affair.
Is that bad?...
Larry brought me flowers last night.
Kate, is something the matter?
I mean, just how long are you going to cling to this childish illusion that it's all supposed to be perfect?  Well, guess what?... It isn't.  Not for you, not for anybody.
I understand, Kate.  What do you think of this garter?
People have problems, insecurities, flaws-- and you have to learn to compromise, to overlook, to forgive.  It's not settling, Faith, it's life.  Real life.
I know.  You're right.
Let me tell you something about love.  There are no prince charmings, there are no glass slippers.  Love is hard work.
Yeah.  I guess you're right.  I really like the wallpaper we picked out for the den.
But one day you wake up and realize you've been had.  Of course life isn't like the movies.  That's why there are movies.
That's the problem.  When you're a kid you think life is gonna be like the movies.  Dreams come true, the good guys win, people live happily ever after... all that crap.  Turn.
Oh, I don't know.  I guess it's just not quite the way I always thought it was going to be.  You know, like in the movies.
But what?
I know...  It was.
I think it was sweet of him to pick it out.
Look how big it makes me look.  I look like an Alp.
Come on, it's not so bad.
Well, I wouldn't've if I hadn't thought I was in love.
Yes you did.
He begged me to marry him.  I didn't even want to marry him.
If you've never been out with him, how do you know you don't want to go out with him?
Why should I ask someone out who I don't want to go out with in the first place?
Why don't you ask him?
No.  He's never asked me.
"Thrills"?  That's what you're waiting for?  You know how long that lasts?  Besides, how do you know?  Have you ever been out with him?
He's a podiatrist or something.
You don't have any idea?
I don't know, Kate.
What's he do?
So, he's not my type.  Let me walk you to the elevator.
So?...
I don't know.  I don't think so.
Is he gay?
No.
Is he married?
No.
Yeah, well, Larry and his friends are hungry.  And I did say I'd try to pick something up.
I wish you didn't have to go so early.
No, Faith.  They came out of somebody's imagination.
Just that they came out of somebody's experience is all.
So, what's your point?
But somebody wrote those songs.
Yes.  You know all the shrinks on Donahue say that all those love songs about some enchanted evening are just a cruel hoax that feeds people's fantasies.
Is everything okay?
I think if you're honest with yourself, you'll admit you've had a chance at a number of Amana appliances in your lifetime.
Metaphorically, I still don't have an Amana freezer.
It's a metaphor.  It's women who always think there's some unknown out there that's going to be better than what's in front of them.  And instead wind up with nothing.
I don't have an Amana freezer.
Don't tell me, Oprah did a show--
So, you gotta be a little flexible. Look at your brother and me. Larry's not perfect, neither am I.  But we work it out.  We're not unrealistic in our expectations, and we have each other.  I think you've got the Door Number Three Syndrome.
Oh.
Scientologist.
How about that guy at the bank?
Just moved in with his girlfriend.
How about the other one?  His friend.
No.  He smokes.
What about that guy you work with, Mike what's-his-name?
You're an accountant for cryin' out loud.
I don't believe in statistics.
Yeah.  He's around somewhere.
I don't know, I guess I never really thought about it...  Is Larry here?
That's exactly what you are.
Huh?
Giovanni.
You think I'm just one of those Italian Casanovas.  The guys who try to seduce every woman who comes their way.  Who prey on unhappily married women.  Who lure unsuspecting--
But I do want to.
You don't have to go if you don't want to...
No, you don't understand.  It's been wonderful meeting you.  But... I have a husband.  I have two kids at camp.  I have a life I have to go back to.
I thank you.
Giovanni, I want to thank you.
What do the years matter?  I've known you for centuries...
How old are you?
You see, in America they care for work, they live to work.  But in Italy, they care for food, for love, for pleasure...
Oh.
It's siesta.
I'd love to.
Oh, hello.  I just came by to see if you wanted to join me for a drink, but--
Giovanni, this is Faith's friend, Peter.
Oh.
A pig!  A pig!  She's saying he's a pig.
A porco?
She's saying he's a-- a--  porco.
My friend is looking for her brother and she thinks this woman knows where he is.  Can you tell us what she's saying?
This is your most lucky day.  My family runs a pension not three blocks from here.
No.  Well, I don't know.  Well, maybe.  Later.
You are looking for a place to stay, no, Kate?
Kate.
And you are?...
She didn't give me a chance.
And you didn't tell her?
She said she knew where to find him, and then she grabbed my car keys, and--
She what?!
Faith.  Larry has something he wants to tell you about Damon Bradley.
Yeah--
He missed me.
I came after the woman I love.
I can't tell her.  She's called off her wedding.  She'll never speak to me again.
Larry, you've got to tell her.
It was a harmless little prank. Who in the world would've thought she'd spend her life waiting for this guy?
I thought she'd get a kick out of it.
Went to high school with him. But...
He existed.  He was some kid I knew from Little League.  He was a real jerk.  You say he's a friend of Dwayne's?
Are you saying you just made the whole thing up?  The guy never even existed?
It was just a joke.  I was pushing the arrow.  I wanted to get to the next question.  I wanted to find out who was gonna win the Series.
What?  You know him?
Damon Bradley?  That's why you're here?
You said it differently then.
You used to love it when I called you doll.
Don't call me doll, Larry.  I hate it when you call me doll.
We're all desperate for the money, doll.  That's what made this country great.  Back me up on this Candy, am I right?
Sociologist.  And because.  Pawn shops are just like prostitutes, farm auctions and coal miners.  They're all for sale, but none of 'em would be if they weren't desperate for the money.
It's not exploitation.  These people wanna sell and I wanna buy. How are golf clubs exploitation?  She takes one night class and suddenly she's a socialist.
Not only is it tacky, it's exploitation.
No.
And we didn't have to bring another present?
Right.
This is the last one before the wedding, right?
Well, there's nothing here to eat.
No, why?
Uh, yeah.  Sure.  Honey, did you forget the guys are coming over tonight?
You miss me?...
Kate, you're still there?  I thought you'd be on your way home by now.
Sorry...
Thanks.
Oh, it's you.  It's only Peter.
Aren't you gonna go introduce yourself?
That's the guy you've been waiting for all these years?
Ten billion to one.
I mean, realistically, what are the odds that this is a terrific guy?
That's really romantic.
And if that's not destiny, I don't know what is.
Whatever.  And I thought, please God, give me a sign, give me some way to keep this woman from getting into that taxi and disappearing from my life forever.  And He did. She told me the name.  Granted, it wasn't my name, but it was a start.
Mania.
And then I saw her.  And all I know is, when I looked in her eyes I saw something... light.  And life and passion and yearning.  And something else I can't even put my finger on, something I'd never seen before--
Do you know I wasn't even supposed to be in Rome?  My boss was supposed to come to this conference, and at the last minute he got the measles.  The measles. Who gets the measles at forty-three?  So they sent me. And I wasn't supposed to be in that piazza that night either.  I'd gone to the movies, only it was sold out.  So I was wandering around. Just wandering...  When I got hit in the head with this shoe.
Good strategy.
It was an emergency.  I only lied that night because it was the only way I knew to stop her.  I knew if I didn't, I'd never see her again.
No!  That's not fair.  That's not it at all.  Look, something somewhere got screwed up.  Maybe some metaphysical wires got crossed.  I may not have the right name, but I was there.  I'm the guy.  I'm-- skywriting??
She went out to check into skywriting.  I can't believe you lied.  Is this a genetic thing, men will say anything just to get laid?
Where is she?
She's not here.
I have to talk to her.
You know Johnny when he gets mad.
I'll come over when I'm ready.
I'd get over there, Terry. I'll take the little lady home.
I'm gonna take her home first.
He just got a call from "Mr. Upstairs." Something's gone wrong. He's plenty hot.
Right now?
When I was a mere spit of a lad on Ferry Street in Dublin the nuns used to say to me, "Nolan, don't be swallowin' ye words like fishballs. When you got something to say—  —Talk with your mouth wide open," so if I'm loud don't blame me— it's the fault of the nuns!
And what in blazes have the nuns got to do with it?
If I talk too loud it's the fault of the nuns.
If you kept your ears wide open instead of your mouth—
Talk louder. I can't hear you.
And don't be walking off with any of that. You know how the boss feels about individual pilferage.
That's all. Next witness!
What do you mean, odd? We was robbed like I told you.
Doesn't it seem odd to you that five different waterfront locals were broken into last night and the only articles removed were financial records?
We was robbed last night and we can't find no books.
Well, where are they?
Sure we keep records!
You mean to sit there and tell me that your local takes in sixty-five thousand, five hundred dollars every year and keeps no financial records?
This is for you to figure out. You can have it your way or you can have it his way.  But you can't have it both ways.  Am I right, Sonny?
But my own kid bro—
Then don't.
Johnny, I can't do that. I can't do that, Johnny.
Confused kid? First he crosses me in public and gets away with it and then the next joker, and pretty soon I'm just another fellow down here.
Gerry G!! You don't want to do that, Johnny! Sure the boy's outa line, but he's just a confused kid.
Very simple. Just bring him to... that place we been using. Mac, you take care of the details. Call Gerry G. in if you think you need him.
What do you want me to do, Johnny?
So do I, Charley. For your sake.
I wish I knew.
I ain't interested in his mental condition. All I want to know is, is he D 'n D or is he a canary?
This girl and the Father got their hooks in him so deep he doesn't know which end is up anymore.
He was always a good kid. You know that.
Thanks for the legal advice, Charley. That's what we always kept you around for.  Now how do we keep him from giving this testimony? Isn't that the— er— as you put it— main order of business?
So they're walking along and smiling. That doesn't mean he's going to talk. There's no evidence until he gives public testimony.
After what we been hearing about your brother, I thought your throat'd be kind of dry.
I'm not thirsty.
Drink up, Charley. We're ahead of you.
Why should he forget it?
You got a real friend here, kid. Don't forget it.
Gimme.
I make it twentysix twenty-three. You're fifty short, Skins.
So look, kid, you don't think we c'n afford to be boxed out of a deal like this— a deal I sweated and bled for— on account of one lousy little cheese-eater, that Doyle bum, who thought he c'd go squealin' to the Crime Commission? Do you?—
It'll do.
We ain't robbin' pennies from beggars. We cuttin' ourselves in for five-six million a year just on our half a dozen piers—  a drop in the bucket compared to the traffic in the harbor.  But a mighty sweet little drop, eh, Charley?
Why shouldn't we? If we c'n get it we're entitled to it.
I know what's eatin' you, kid. But I got two thousand dues-payin' members in my local— that's seventy-two thousand a year legitimate and when each one of 'em puts in a couple of bucks a day to make sure they work steady— well, you figure it out. And that's just for openers. We got the fattest piers in the fattest harbor in the world. Everything that moves in and out— we take our cut.
When he got up and chased them they thought it was a dead man coming after them.
Listen kid, I'm a soft tough too. Ask any rummy  on the dock if I'm not good for a fin any time they put the arm on me.  But my old lady raised us ten kids on a stinkin' watchman's pension. When I was sixteen I had to beg for work in the hold. I didn't work my way up out of there for nuthin'.
The Joey Doyle thing. You know how he is. Things like that— he exaggerates them. Too much Marquis of Queensbury.  It softens 'em up.
What gives with our boy tonight, Charley? He ain't himself.
Okay— I'll tell him I couldn't bring you in. Ten to one they won't believe it, but— go ahead, blow. Jump out, quick, and keep going... and God help you from here on in.
It was you, Charley... .
You don't understand! I could've been a contender. I could've had class and been somebody. Real class. Instead of a bum, let's face it, which is what I am. It was you, Charley.
I tried to keep you in good with Johnny.
See! You don't understand!
I always had a bet down for you. You saw some money.
It wasn't him!  It was you, Charley. You and Johnny. Like the night the two of youse come in the dressing room and says, "Kid, this ain't your night— we're going for the price on Wilson." It ain't my night. I'd of taken Wilson apart that night! I was ready— remember the early rounds throwing them combinations. So what happens— This bum Wilson he gets the title shot— outdoors in the ballpark! – and what do I get— a couple of bucks and a one-way ticket to Palookaville.  It was you, Charley. You was my brother. You should of looked out for me. Instead of making me take them dives for the short-end money.
Gee, when you tipped one seventy-five you were beautiful. You should've been another Billy Conn. That skunk I got to manage you brought you along too fast.
...eight-seven, eighty-eight. What's it to you?
What do you weigh these days, slugger?
Wow... .
I wish I didn't have to do this, Terry.
Charley... . Charley... . Wow... .
Take the boss loading, kid. For God's sake. I don't want to hurt you.
Four thirty-seven— that isn't where Gerry G...?
Make up your mind, kid, I beg you, before we get to four thirty-seven River... .
I tell you, Charley, I haven't made up my mind!
The point is— there isn't much time, kid.
I could have been better!
What the hell!!!
Don't say that!
—ex-tanker who's walking on his heels— ?
Don't say that!
Well, then, you know Cousin Johnny isn't going to jeopardize a setup like that for one rubber-lipped—
I know. I know.
Listen, Terry, these piers we handle through the locals— you know what they're worth to us?
I don't know— I don't know! I tell you I ain't made up my mind yet. That's what I wanted to talk to you about.
You don't mean you're thinking of testifying against— 
Yeah— yeah— I guess I do— but there's a lot more to this whole thing than I thought, Charley.
Absolutely nothing. You do nothing and you say nothing. You understand, don't you, kid?
And for all that dough I don't do nothin'?
Ten cents a hundred pounds on everything that moves in and out. And you don't have to lift a finger. It'll be three-four hundred a week just for openers.
Boss loader!
There's a slot for a boss loader on the new pier we're opening up.
Maybe.
I always figured I'd live longer without it.
Sure, that's all right when you're a kid, but you'll be pushing thirty pretty soon, slugger. It's time you got some ambition.
A steady job and a few bucks extra, that's all I wanted.
They feel you've been sort of left out of things, Terry. They think it's time you had a few little things going for you on the docks.
Mm—hmmm.
You know, the boys are getting rather interested in your future.
Mm—hmm.
Of course, the boys know you too well to mark you down for a cheese-eater.
That's right... .
The grapevine says you picked up a subpoena.
Nothing ever stops you from talking, Charley.
I've got to cover a bet there on the way over. Anyway, it gives us a chance to talk.
River Street? I thought we was going to the Garden.
Thicker than water.
Gee, Charley, I'm sure glad you stopped by for me. I needed to talk to you. What's it they say about blood, it's— 
Nolan? I knew he had guts but—
The complete works of Timothy J. Nolan.
Let me explain you something, kid. Stooling is when you rat on your friends, on the guys you're with.  When Johnny needs a favor, don't try to figure it out, just do it. Now go ahead, join the congregation.
But going in that church, I'd be stooling for you, Charley. You make a pigeon out of me.
Johnny does you favors, kid. You got to do a little one for him once in a while.
Why me, Charley? I'd feel funny going in there.
We got a little extra detail for you. The local priest and this Doyle girl are getting up a meeting in the church. We'd like a rundown on it. You know, names and numbers of all the players. You're nominated.
I just fnished work. I counted the bags.
You don't mind working once in a while to justify this lofty position?
It's a living.
Working hard?
In a minute.
Come on, kid. I'll buy you a drink.
He probably gave 'em an argument.
I figured the worst they'd do is work him over a little.
Maybe he gave them an argument.
I thought they'd talk to him. Try to get him to dummy up.
That was the idea.
You said they was only going to talk to him.
You hear that, Terry?  Terry, did you hear that?  You lost the battle but you have a chance to win the war. All you gotta do is walk.
They're waiting for him to walk in.
Terry... Terry... .
Terry...?
Tommy, what happened?
What happened?  What happened?
You think I'm just a gravy-train rider in a turned-around collar?
I'm afraid I spoke out of turn last night.
Hello, Edie.
Father Barry.
"In the church when you need me." Was there ever a saint who hid in the Church?
Edie, I do what I can. I'm in the church when you need me.
Don't turn away! Look at it! You're in this too— don't you see, don't you see? You're in this too, Father.
I wish I knew, Edie, But— 
How could anyone do this to Joey. The best in the neighborhood... . everybody said it, not only me. Who'd want to harm Joey? Tell me— who?  -- who?
Why Edie, I—
Time and faith... . My brother's dead and you stand there talking drivel about time and faith.
Terry...?
Am I on my feet...?
You always said I was a bum. Well—  —not anymore. I'm going down to the dock. Don't worry, I'm not going to shoot anybody. I'm just going to get my rights.  Joey's jacket. It's time I start wearing it.
Then go ahead— go ahead! Go down to the shape-up and get yourself killed, you stupid, pigheaded, son of a—  What are you trying to prove? With a decisive gesture Terry takes the hook and sticks it through his belt. Then he goes to the wall and lifts Joey's windbreaker from the nail on which it has been hanging. He puts the windbreaker on in a deliberate way, and grins at her as he does so; then he walks to the door with a sense of dignity he has never had before.
Farm...
You heard what Johnny said. No part of the Waterfront'll be safe for you now. Maybe inland— the Middle West somewhere— a job on a farm... .
Every one of 'em... .
Terry, you better stay in for a while. I'll come and cook your meals. Be sure you keep the door locked.
My pigeons... .
He's going to have to grow up too.
Jimmy...
Are you sure they're your friends?
But I feel like— My friends won't talk to me.
Well, it's over.
Thanks just the same.
I thought you might want some hot coffee.
Edie.
No, I can't let you. I can't, you're—
Get out of my way.
Terry, for God's sake.
Do what I told you. Take care of Charley.
Terry, you're bleeding.
Don't hang on to me. And don't follow me. Don't follow me.  Call the Father. Ask him to take care of Charley for me. My brother. There's something I got to do.
Terry, no, no... .
I'll take it out of their skulls.
I don't want to see you killed. I want to live with you. Live with you. Any place it's safe to walk the streets without... .
I'll take it out of their skulls.
I mean it, let's get away from here, first Joey then Nolan, now Charley— and any minute... .  ...I'm frightened— I'm frightened.
Charley.
I'm looking for Charley. I heard Charley was waiting for me.  Charley?
Terry, I'm frightened. More and more frightened.
Edie, Edie, I...
I didn't say I didn't love you. I said stay away from me.
Edie, I need you to love me. Tell me you love me.
Get away from me.
Edie...
It's just a scratch. You won't die. She turns away from him.
My hand.
I keep hearing it and I don't know what to do..I don't know what to do... .
I never mentioned the word before. In his agony he grips a glass standing on the night table.
That—  —word again! Why do you keep saying conscience, conscience... .
I don't want you to do anything. Let your conscience tell you what to do.
I know what you want me to do!
It's you who's being hurt. By keeping it inside you, like a poison. Sooner or later it's got to come out.
I don't want to hurt Charley— I don't want to hurt you...
How can you be with Charley and Johnny Friendly and still be with me? Either way it's a lie. It's like there were two different people inside of you. You've got to be one or the other.
Edie, listen to me! I want you to believe me. I want to be with you.
I don't want to talk about it. I want you to go.
You think I stink, don't you? You think I stink for what I told you?
Lucky Pop isn't home, he'd kill you.
I had to, Edie. I had to see you.
Edie— it's—
Don't tell me— don't tell me!
What I did to Joey.
You... .
What I did to Joey.
Told him what?
I just told the Father.
Terry— what's happening to you?
The Father. The Father.
Who says?
Yeah, yeah, it's up to me, it's up to me— he says it's up to me.
You?
I've been sittin' in the church.
Terry, what's wrong?
Edie... Edie... ..
I know... I know... .
Edie— I— I— never said this to a girl before, I never knew a girl worth trying to say it for, but you— you're... .
There's a hawk around. They're scared tonight.
Pigeons... .
Go ahead, wear it.
I don't rate it.
I— I brought this for you, Terry. It was Joey's.  Yours is coming out at the elbows.
Edie!
Much more, Terry. Much, much more!
I'm tryin' to keep you from being hurt— What more do you want?
It's true.
Don't say that, Edie, don't...
Look out for number one. Always number one.  I should've known you wouldn't tell me. Pop said Johnny Friendly used to own you. I think he still owns you.  No wonder everybody calls you a bum.
Edie, your old man's right, go back to that school out in daisyland. You're driving yourself nuts— you're driving me nuts— stop worrying about the truth— worry about yourself.
It was Johnny Friendly who killed Joey, wasn't it?
I won't eat cheese for no cops, that's for sure.
What are you going to do?
That goes double for me.
I can't let myself fall in love with you.
Because... because...  Listen Edie, don't get sore now— but I think we're getting in love with each other.
Why should I come hollering to you at all?
Okay, get in hot water. But don't come hollerin' to me when you get burned.
Why worry about me? You're the one who says only look out for yourself.
Edie, listen, stay out of this mess. Quit tryin' to ask things about Joey. It ain't safe for you.
It's fun dancing with your eyes closed. I'm floating. I'm floating... .
I— I never knew a girl like you, Edie. I always knew the kind you just grab 'em And— I never knew a girl like you, Edie.
I thought I felt mean tonight. But I'm not— I'm just— all mixed up... .
What are you crying for?
For— not being any help?
What for?
You're not sore at me?
I got my whole life to drink.
I don't want it. But why don't you stay and finish your drink.
You haven't finished your beer.
All right, all right.. I shouldn't 've asked you.
I— I'd like to, Edie, but—  —there's nothin' I can do. Edie feels subdued, ashamed at breaking down. She rises, and in a low voice says—
Why keep harpin' on it?  Come on, drink up. You got to get a little fun out of life. What's the matter with you?  I'll play you some music.
Like Joey? Are you afraid to mention his name?
But that's living like an animal—
If you don't  Keep your neck in and your nose clean and You'll never have no trouble down here.
And if you don't?
Edie, down here it's every man for himself. It's keepin' alive! It's standin' in with the right people so you can keep a little loose change jinglin' in your pocket.
You don't believe in anything, do you?
But a priest...?
You've been off in daisyland, honey. Everybody's got a racket.
His— racket?
Yeah, yeah... .  This Father Barry, what's his racket?
He was looking at everybody the same way. Asking the same question.
Well, nobody, I guess. But that Father Barry, I didn't like the way he kept lookin' at me.
Why, Terry, who said it was?
Listen— get this straight— don't look at me when you say them things. It wasn't my fault what happened to your brother. Fixing Joey wasn't my idea... .
And when things get in your way— or people —you just knock them aside— get rid of Them— is that your idea?
What do they do for you, except get in your way?
I never met such a person. Not a spark of romance or sentiment or— or human kindness in your whole body.
I'm not lookin' to get crucified. I'm lookin' to stay in one piece.
Our Lord said just the opposite.
Want to hear my philosophy? Do it to him before he does it to you.
Terry!
Gee, thoughts! Alla time thoughts!  You really believe that drool?
Isn't everybody part of everybody else?
What a fruitcake you are!
Shouldn't we care about everybody?
I had to scrap all my life. Figured I might as well get paid for it. When I was a kid my old man got killed—never mind how. Charley and I was put in a place—they called it a Children's Home. Some home! I run away and peddled papers, fought in club smokers and—  But what am I runnin' off at the mouth for? What do you care?
What made you want to be a fighter?
Describing you. A square from out there. I mean you're nowhere.  Miss Four Corners.
Now what are you doing?
Naw, in the ring, a dive is-
A dive? You mean, into the water?
I went pretty good for a while, didn't I, Al? But— I didn't stay in shape— and—  —I had to take a few dives.
Were you really a prize fighter?
Hit me again, Mac.
No thanks... .
How about another one?
It's quite—  –nice.
How do you like it?
Wham... .
I am?
Likewise. And draw two for chasers.  Now you're beginning to live.
Come on, I know a quiet one, with a special entrance for ladies... .
In a saloon?
Want to go out and have one with me?
I don't know.
Listen, you like beer?
One thing about them though, they're faithful. They get married just like people.
Even pigeons aren't peaceful.
If another fella tries to take that perch away from him, he lets him have it.
Oh she's a beauty.
How do you like that one?
The things that go on.
I go for this stuff. You know this city's full of hawks? There must be twenty thousand of 'em. They perch on top of the big hotels and swoop down on the pigeons in the park.
I wouldn't have thought you'd be so interested —in pigeons.
I like pigeons. You send a bird five hundred miles away he won't stop for food or water until he's back in his own coop.
That was nice of you.
He had a few birds.  I got up and fed 'em this morning.
You don't mind yourself at all, do you.  Joey used to race pigeons.
Here they come! The champion flock of the neighborhood.
I started them Golden Warriors. I was their first Supreme Commander.
The Golden Warriors.
Good. So do I.
I changed my mind. I feel real mean tonight.
I really don't know.
I don't know.
What for?
Listen, Edie, am I going to see you again?
Thanks anyway.
I only live up there and across the roof.
I'd better go in.
That's my own flock up there, getting their evening workout. I won plenty of races with 'em.  Listen, you want to see them? Come up on the roof with me and I'll show 'em to you.
Do you like pigeons?
Boy, they sure fly nice, don't they?
Well he played it smart. Too many good-for-nothin's around here. All they got on their mind's a little beer, a little pool, a little—  I better get you home.
When Mother died Pop sent me out to school in the country. He was afraid with no one home I'd— get into bad company.
What-what? Where you been the last four five years? Outer space?
What?
Pardon me while I reach for my beads.
What's that?
With a little more patience and kindness. That's what makes people mean and difficult. Nobody cares enough about them.
How would you've done it?
Maybe they just didn't know how to handle you.
Now you got me! It's a wonder I wasn't punchy by the time I was twelve. The rulers those Sisters used to whack me with!  They thought they could beat an education into me—I foxed 'em.
I remember you were in trouble all the time.
Some people got faces that stick in your mind.
The moment I saw you.
The thought I'm tryin' to get over is you grew up beauteeful. Remember me?
I can get home all right from here—
Man, you were a mess!
I know. I thought I'd never get those braces off.
Looked like two pieces of rope. And your teeth were—
In braids? That's right.
Yeah. Yeah. I get your thought. You know I seen you lots of times before. Parochial school on Pulaski Street? Seven, eight years ago? Your hair come down in—
It isn't brains. It's how you use them.
A teacher! Dong!!!  You know I admire brains. Take my brother Charley. He's very brainy. Very.
I want to be a teacher.
And you spend all your time just learning stuff, huh?
It's a regular college. It's just run by the nuns. The Sisters of St. Anne.
You training to be a nun or something?
You know how the Sisters are.
I better get home.
Aah, he's a bottlebaby, he talks to himself, the joke of the neighborhood.
What did that man mean when he said you were... .?
Everybody knew him. He got around.
Everybody loved Joey. From the little kids to the old rummies.  Did you know him very well?
I better see you get there.
I'll get home all right now.
I'm with Terry.
Which side are you with?
They play pretty rough.
Thanks.  Steel pipes and baseball bats.
I think we're O.K.
Things 're lookin' up on the docks, huh, Jackie?
None of your business.
What makes him so special?
Give it to me— my Pop's job—
Oh, I thought you was gonna go to work— with all them muscles. 
Let me by.
Where you goin'?
Pop!
You are like—
Pop, don't think I'm not feeling grateful for all you've done to get me an education and shelter me from this.  But now my eyes are open. I see things I know are so wrong how can I go back and keep my mind on things that are only in books and that people aren't living? I'm staying, Pop. And I'm going to keep on trying to find out who's guilty for Joey. I'd walk home with a dozen Terry Malloys if I thought they could help me. I tell you I'm staying, Pop. Pop starts to pull his belt out of his trousers.
See this arm? It's two inches longer 'n the other one. That's years of workin' and sweatin', liftin' and swingin' a hook. And every time I heisted a box or a coffee bag I says to myself—this is for Edie, so she can be a teacher or somethin' decent. I promised your mother. You better not let her down.
And learn about charity and justice and all the other things people would rather talk about than practice? Pop goes up to her and holds out his two arms, his right one closer to Edie; he trembles with emotion.
You think we kept you out in Tarrytown just to have you go walkin' with a corner saloon hoodlum like Terry Malloy? Now get back to Tarrytown, before I put a strap to you.
He wanted to see me again.
Six-toed cats. Assyrians. Abyssinians. It's the same difference. Well don't think this Terry Malloy is any six-toed cockeyed Assyrian. He's a bum. Charley and Johnny Friendly owned him when he was a fighter and when they ring the bell he still goes into action.
He wasn't Abyssinian, Pop, Assyrian... .
A look in his eyes! Hold your hats, brother, here we go again. You think he's one of those cases you're always draggin' in and feelin' sorry for. Like the litter of kittens you had—the only one she wants to keep has six toes and it's cockeyed to boot. Look at him. The bum! And the crush you had on that little Abyssinian... .
He tries to act tough, but there's a look in his eyes that... .
I'm not trying to tell you he's Little Lord Fauntleroy.
Are you trying to tell me Terry is too?
Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a butcher in a camel hair coat.
Who is he, Pop?
Edie, for years we pushed quarters into a cookie jar, to keep you up there with the Sisters, and to keep you from things like I just seen out the window. My own daughter arm-in-arm with Terry Malloy. You know who Terry Malloy is?
Pop, I'm not ready to go back yet.
You're all packed.  And here's your bus ticket. You're on your way back to St. Anne's.
I can? Okay.  Okay...
You can!
Johnny Friendly is layin' odds that you won't get up.
...walk?
A bum. Look what you're doing. You want to be brave? Firing lead into another man's flesh isn't brave. Any bum who picks up a .45 in a pawn shop can be that brave. You want to hurt Johnny Friendly? You want to fix him for what he did to Charley— and a dozen men who were better than Charley? Don't fight him like a hoodlum down here in the jungle. That's just what he wants. He'll hit you in the head and plead self-defense. Fight him tomorrow in the courtroom— with the truth as you know it—  Truth is the gun— Drop that thing and tell the truth— a more dangerous weapon than this little —  —cap pistol.
Take your hands off me. What you call me?
You go to—
What did you say?
You go to hell.
Give me that gun.
Why don't you go and chase yourself?
This is my business.
Mind your own business, Father.
Your gun.
What do you want from me, Father.
Now don't give me a hard time.
You got eyes. I'm right in front of you.
I want to see you, Terry.
Is that all you've got to say to me, Father?
Good luck.
Conscience... .  I didn't even know I had one until I met you and Edie... this conscience stuff can drive you nuts.
Ball games! Don't break my heart! I wouldn't care if he gave you a life pass to the Polo Grounds. So you got a brother. Well, let me tell you something you got some other brothers— and they're all getting the short end while your cousin Johnny gets mustard on his face at the Polo Grounds. If I was you—  — Listen, I'm not asking you to do anything, Terry. It's your own conscience that's got to do the asking.
But it's my own brother they're askin' me to finger— and Johnny Friendly. His mother and my mother was first cousins. When I was this high he took me to the ball games... .
How much is your soul worth if you don't?
If I spill, my life won't be worth a nickel.
A question of who rides who.
It's like carrying a monkey around on your back.
Edie. The Commission. Your subpoena. I know you got a subpoena.
About Edie?
What are you going to do?
—It started as a favor— for my brother— you know they'd ask me things and it's hard to say no— a favor— Who am I kiddin'? They call it a favor but it's do it or else. And this time the favor turned out to be helping them knock off Joey. I just thought they'd lean on him a little but— Last night with Edie I wanted to tell her only it— stuck in my throat. I guess I was scared of drivin' her away— and I love her, Father. She's the first thing I ever loved.
I'll find you a priest.
But you've got to listen to me.
Tell it to me in there and my lips are sealed. But if I dig it out myself I can use it where it'll do the most good.
I don't get it!
I don't want to hear it in there.
But you're the one I want to tell— what you said over Nolan— about keepin' silent when you know the score— I'm guilty— you hear me? I'm guilty... .
Someone else c'n take your confession.
What's the matter? I've got something That's chokin' me. I've gotta get it out.
Well, I had my fun, I've drunk my fill and I tickled some good-lookin' fillies— I'm on borried time.
So help me God!
Down to the wire?
And I still say you stand up and I'll stand up with you.
Baseball bats— that's just for openers. They'll put the muscle on you, turned-around collar or no turned-around collar.
I'll go down the line, Kayo, believe me.
If I stick my neck out, and they chopped it off, would that be the end of it? Or are you ready to go all the way?
What do you think?
Are you on the level, Father?
You still call it ratting?
But you still hold out for silence?
Those blood suckers. How I'd love to fix those babies but—
Nice fellows.
Yeah, considerin' they was usin' my head for a baseball!
You all right, Nolan?
Deef 'n dumb. Somethin' c'n happen right in front of our noses and we don't see nothin'. You know what I mean. No matter how much we hate the torpedoes we don't rat.
D 'n D?
Father, one thing you got to understand. On the dock we've always been D 'n D.
Now listen, if you know who the pistols are, if you see them on the dock every day, are you going to keep still until they cut you down one by one?  Are you? Are you? How about you, Nolan?
Have a seat. I'm trying to find out just what happened to Joey Doyle. Maybe you can help.
Who asked him here?
Sure... .
Where you going? I'll walk along with you.
Yeah, really!
Really?
Looping right! I never swung wild. I was strictly a short puncher— hooks— over 'n under—  — whop-whop!
Well, I better get going. Hit those stairs again.  Was that a looping right or an uppercut the first time you caught him?
Yeah?
Yeah. My own blood— and they sell me out for a lousy bet— I had it in me to hit the top and—  Boy, if I wanted to, the things I could tell you about them guys— 
I'll never forget it. I thought it was all over.
Remember the first round how I had him against the ropes, and—
I'm just resting my feet.
Listen, this ain't for publication.
Such as what?
Yeah. Johnny Friendly and my brother had other ideas.
You sure looked it. Something go wrong?
If I licked him I would have had the title shot instead of him— boy, I was ready that night.
I think you could have.
You want to know something— I would have taken Wilson—
I thought you were going to take him that night but...
Wilson— yeah—  yeah— I fought Wilson.
Didn't I see you fight in the Garden one night three or four years ago? With a fellow called Wilson?
Well, it'll be worth it if we can tell the waterfront story the way the people have a right to hear it. Don't you think?
I guess it's pretty tough work at that.
Not exactly. Just thought I'd sit down and rest my dogs a minute.  You know the next investigation we get into I hope it's got buildings with elevators in them. This one has been nothing but climbing stairs. And when we hit the top ßoor the folks are usually out.
You looking for me?
You know what you're askin'? You're askin'—
You can bring a lawyer if you wish. And you're privileged under the Constitution to protect yourself against questions that might implicate you in any crimes.
I told you I don't know nothin' and I ain't saying nothin'.
Be at the State House, Courtroom Nine, at ten o'clock tomorrow.
What?
You're being served with a subpoena, Mr. Malloy.
Take it easy.
Never will be much too soon.
I don't know nothing.
We're getting ready to hold public hearings on waterfront crime and underworld infiltration of longshore unions.
Waterfront— Crime— Commission— ?  What's that?
Our identification.
O.K. O.K. Without the bird seed. What do you want?
I thought I recognized you. Saw you fight in St. Nick's a couple of years ago.
What about it?
You're Terry Malloy, aren't you?
You'd be off the pier for good.
... .and you'll tell Johnny Friendly.
Raise a hand to me and... .
I ought to belt you one, J.P.
You'll work.
Some chance at ten percent a week! And if he don't borrow, he don't work.
Oh me and my chum are just rolling in the stuff. We only work down here for a hobby, J.P. 
Condolences. How you fixed for cabbage this mornin'?
Doyle.  Joey Doyle's... .?  ... .You're his... .
Didn't you recognize him, dopey. That's Old Man Doyle.
Gimme the names, I'll write 'em down in me little book.
How do you like them jokers? Taking me for a pigeon.
My ain't we touchy this morning?
I told you lay off.
What's the matter wit' you, success gone to ya head?
O.K., O.K., That's enough.
You're doin' lovely, Terry, very lovely.
But I ain't out. I'm in. I'm in. Who's lying to who?
You was our first Supreme Commander, Terry. Keep out of sight and I'll tell him you're out.
Yeah— us Golden Warriors.  You're a good kid, Jimmy, a good tough kid. We stick together, huh, kid?
You was a Golden Warrior.
Yeah, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. You don't think I should turn him in... .
A cheese-eater!  You're kidding!
Jimmy, suppose I knew something, say a mug somebody put on somebody... .  You think I should turn him in?
He's got his nerve, gum-shoeing around here after what you told him.
Looking for me?
Hey, Terry, guess who's here... that joker from the Commission... .
Yeah, once they're mated they stay together all their lives until one of 'em dies.
Better.
My lead bird. He's always on that top perch.
She's a he. His name is Swifty.
Be sure they got enough water.
I wonder how long she's goin' to hang around, huh, Terry?
Yeah, yeah, I was awake anyway so I figured—  They got it made. Eat all they want— fly around like crazy— sleep side by side— and raise gobs of squabs.
Boy, you must've been up early.
's all right, kid. I took care of 'em myself this morning.
—I was gonna feed 'em, Terry.
First things first.
You ought to go home and take care of that—
Easy. Easy, boy.
No advice. Just whiskey.
Listen, kid, why don't you go home before Johnny... .
Hit me again.
What's wrong with your shoulder?
Keep the advice. Give me the whiskey.
Take it easy now, Terry.
Give me a double.
No?
No.
Is Johnny in?
I'll see you on the roof.
I'll bring him up to your loft.
Well I got to watch myself these days. Know what I mean?
He followed my birds into their coop. Here, you want him?
Yeah? Must be Danny-boy. I lost him in the last race.
Hey look-
Terry?  What do you want?
Gimme.
I— I musta counted wrong, boss, I—
Hey, Terry, front and center.
Forty-five bills.
Stow the receipt. I'll take the cash.
Easy, that new checker faked the receipt. Here it is, boss. 
Hey, Skins—  --get away with that sheet metal all right?
Come on. I want you. You're mine. You're mine! Come on!
From where you stand, maybe. But I'm standing over here now. I was rattin' on myself all them years and didn't know it, helpin' punks like you against people like Pop and Nolan an'... .
You ratted on us, Terry.
I'm glad what I done today, see? You give it to Joey, you give it to Nolan, you give it to Charley who was one of your own. You thought you was God Almighty instead of a cheap— conniving—good-for-nothing bum! So I'm glad what I done— you hear me? —glad what I done!
Go on talkin'. You're talkin' yourself right into the river. Go on, go on... .
You want to know something? Take the heater away and you're nothin'— take the good goods away, and the kickback and the shakedown cabbage away and the pistoleros—  —away and you're a great big hunk of nothing—  Your guts is all in your wallet and your trigger finger!
I said beat it! At the right time I'll catch up with you. Be thinkin' about it.
You want to know somethin'—?
Go on— beat it. Don't push your luck.
Listen, Johnny—
You want to know the trouble with you? You think it makes you a big man if you can give the answers.
Now just a minute, I—
Guts! A crummy pigeon who's looking to get his neck wrung!  You should have  You should have known better than to trust this punched out brother of yours. He was all right hanging around for laughs. But this is business. I don't like goofoffs messing in our business.
I got it. Hot off the press.
How'd you get that.
He don't, huh?  Well, he knows thirty-nine pages worth of our operation.
You mean Kayo Nolan, the old timer? He doesn't know much.
Oh, he did. Half an hour later a certain Timothy J. Nolan went into secret session with the Commission and he did all the talking.
It was a big nothing! The Father did all the talking.
Nothing happened, he says. Some operator you got yourself there, Charley. One more like him and we'll all be wearing striped pajamas.
Nothing happened, Johnny.
I thought you were gonna keep an eye on that church meeting.
Aw, Johnny... .
It must have been once too often. I think your brains come apart. What you got up there, Chinese bells?
By way of Chicago?
I— I was just on my way up, Johnny.
Thanks, Johnny... .
Go on— a little present from your Uncle Johnny.  And Mac, tomorra mornin' when you shape the men put Terry in the loft. Number one. Every day.  Nice easy work. Check in and goof off on the coffee bags. O.K.?
Naw, thanks, Johnny, I don't want it, I—
You come from Green Point? Go back to Green Point. You don't work here no more.  Here, kid, here's half a bill. Go get your load on.
Well, no, Johnny, I just thought I should've been told if—
—Do you?
Takin' over this local, you know it took a little doin'. Some pretty tough fellas were in the way. They left me this—  —to remember them by.
I know, Johnny, I know... .
OK— skip it, Einstein. How come you never got no education like the rest of us?
Thirty-six— sev— aah I lost the count.
My favorite little cousin.
Not a dent.  Perfect
Shut up. I like the kid.  Remember the night he took Farella at St. Nick's, Charley. We won a bundle. Real tough. A big try.
It's good for you. Develops your mind.
Aw, you know I don't like to count, Johnny.
Count this.
Don't hit me, now, don't hit me!
So-so, Johnny.
H'ya, slugger, how they hangin'?
Not that free.
I can look at her, can't I? It's a free country.
She's off limits for bums like you. Leave her alone.
I was only talkin' to her.
You know what I mean. Leave her alone.
What do you mean?
You got some nerve.
Look who says bum!
I can't believe it— a small fortune.   You can't buy me— you're still a bum!  'Bye, Edie. Lord have mercy on Joey. 
Yeah, yeah— Here's half a buck, go have yourself a ball.
One little dime you don't need.  I know you— you're Edie Doyle. Your Brother's a saint—  –only one ever tried to get me my compensation.
Coffee, that's a laugh. His belly is used to nothing but rotgut whiskey.
A dime. One thin dime for a cup of coffee.
Thanks for nothing, you bum.
Don't give me that coffee, you rummy. Now blow!
A dime, Terry, a dime for a cup of coffee?
Go on, beat it!
Tippi-tippi-tim, tippi-tim, Tippi-tippi-tan, tippi-tan...  Gotta dime for a crippled-up docker?
I wonder how many Hail Marys the Father'll make me say at confession.  It'll be worth it! The pallet is loaded now. Terry turns and approaches Nolan.
Definitely! Nolan, my boy, you're a walkin' distillery.
I was afraid one bottle might get lonely by itself.  Now you see the advantage of a little man in a big coat.
Patrick, me lad, I'm ahead of you.
You think one bottle's enough for all them toasts?
When we knock off let's have a bit of a party. We'll drink to God and Ireland, its whiskey and its women, to Joey and Edie—  and death to tyrants everywhere... .!
You see, Kayo, the good Lord watches over us after all.
Nolan, me lad, ye're dreamin' again.
A banana boat. It would be bananas.  One of these days me ship's comin' in from Ireland,  God love 'er, loaded to the gunnels with sweet Irish whiskey!
Nolan... .
What are you down here for— to see we don't make off with any of Mister Friendly's precious cargo?
Listen— Nolan—
One of these days.
Maybe I will— one of these days.
Go ask him, why don't you ? Ask him yourself.
You don't think he'd be— helpful?
Keep Charley out of this.
The brother of Charley the Gent. They'll help us get to the bottom of the river.
I do not joke in my proposal.
Leave her alone, I tell you!
..Oh, You could do nothing!  I can save you much pain.
If I could get my hands on you...
Fiend is it!  You will not be so fortunate.  Your existence will cease within moments.  No one wishes to see a man dance...  And you, my dear, will entertain for centuries to come.
Leave her alone, you fiend!
Of course I do.
You love me then?
There's nothing to forgive. It was all a dream.
I love you Bob. I really do. Forgive me?
Maybe so.
<i>Him!</i>  I'll bet he sleeps with all the lights on.
My old boyfriend Tommy would never have gotten me in a mess like this.  At least <i>he's</i> got brains.
All right.  Put it on heavy.
I still don't know what ever made me go steady with a crackpot writer like you.
I don't know, yet.  We'll just have to watch our chance. When it comes I'll know what to do--I hope I'll know what to do.
What can we do against them?
I've got the ropes loose now. I've got my hands free.  Be careful--Don't change your expression too much.  They must not catch on.
...And I thought you loved me.
Yes, that sudden.  If it weren't for you we wouldn't be hunting for an old cemetery on a night like this.  It's all your fault.
That sudden?
I should hope not.  I hate you!
They wouldn't dare put us in the same grave-- <b>or would they?</b>
Oh, no I'm not.  These heathens probably have an open grave for us.
You're talking nonsense.
Yes I feel it in my bones.
You do?
Be careful, oh please be careful.  We'll never get out of here alive, I know it.  I just feel it.
Hold on just a little longer, Shirley.
I'm frightened.  I'm so frightened.
My guess is if we don't take the chance pretty soon, we're not going to have much life left anyway.
Nothing is worth your life.
I am--It's our only chance.
Be careful!
The ropes are coming loose.
Whatever you do, don't do that.
I'm afraid I'll faint.
Easy Shirley, Easy!  Panic won't do us any good!  Let me think. We've got to stall for time.
I don't know.  I just don't know. But don't give up. We're not finished yet.
What can we do?
Don't let them hear you.
Those creatures..!
You've got a right to be. We're trapped by a bunch of fiends.
I'm so frightened.
Be careful!--They'll see you.
Look!
I'm not sure, myself. It's just a feeling I've had since the crash...Like I feel a cold chill all over.. ..Now this!
What do you mean?
I'm not sure...
Can't we get out of here?
It's an initiation all right, but not of a college as you and I know them.  Nothing alive looks like that!
Could it be some kind of college initiation?
Well, it's probably just the caretaker, and that's exactly who we want to find.  They'll have a telephone.  C'mon.
I can't imagine anything dead playing that music.
Not dead?  In a cemetery?
What help will that do if something in there isn't dead?
All right.  Don't worry, I'll be right beside you.
I'm not sure I care to find out what it is.
Something's making that music.
What help can we possibly find in the cemetery at this time of night?
That's what I want to find out. We have to get help.
Then..then what's that music?
Silly, there's nothing in there to be afraid of.
It frightens me.
In there.
Where?
Well we certainly can't stay here. C'mon.
Okay.
I'm getting the jitters! Let's turn back!
There's an old cemetery on this road. I've been there before.
Well, fact or not, I don't see how we're going to find an ancient cemetery in these mountains tonight.  I can't see a thing!  Let's turn back.
All of my books are based on fact, or legend.  Thats perhaps why they're more interesting and sell in the top spots.
Who's to say my monsters aren't alive?
That's life.  My kisses are alive.
Your puritan upbringing holds you back from my monsters, but it certainly doesn't hurt your art of kissing.
Shirley, I wrote for years without selling a single word.
But horror stories!  Why all the time horror stories?
Sure there are--and I've tried them all.  Plays, love stories, westerns, dog stories.  Huh, now there was a good one, that dog story all about--
But there're so many wonderful things to write about, Bob.
You wouldn't understand.  Seeing a cemetery on a night like this can stir in the mind the best ideas for a good horror story.
But does it have to be in a cemetery?
No.  It's on a night like this when the best ideas come to mind.
We sure picked the wrong night to find a cemetery.  Let's turn back.
Now hurry, hurry.  I will watch!  Your desires may be my pleasure also...Our fitting climax to an evening's enter- tainment.  You must...hurry now.
Thank you, Master!  Thank you.
You better hope there is.
Is there time?
You may take her now.
You mean...!
Your pleasures of course!
For what!?!
The time...is short.
All others were but infinitessimal bits of fluff, compared to <i>her</i>  This one would have <i>died</i> for feathers, furs, and fluff...and so she did!
Hahh, there is always time... All in good time...there is <b>always</b> time.  You shall have your pleasure.  <b>THAT</b>... I <i>decree</i>
Oh, if there is only time!
There is yet time.  Don't you want your own pleasure?
The <b>moon</b> is almost <b>gone!</b>
Then cancel my order.
You had the mummy cancel all the others scheduled for this session.
I will decide the conclusion.
The moon sinks lower into the hills!  We must hurry to the finish.
Well then let us proceed.
There are others.
Then see that it does not happen again, in the penalty of Everlasting Despair.  Now are there others?
I understand, Master
Your own pleasure comes only after mine, when I desire it. I am the Sole Ruler of the Dark World.  There is no one to challenge my authority here. My word is the law--all powerful. <b>No one</b> is to challenge that authority, <b>no one!</b>.  Is that understood?  It is my command.
I would have time for my own pleasures!
I know the laws of the night. I state there is still time for yet another.
At the first sight of the morning's rays' light...
Ahh, there is yet time.
The moon is almost gone!
At your discretion...But first, I desire more entertainment.
When!?
Ahh, she will be yours.
Well?
The Princess of Darkness would have you for her own to join us through extreme pain.  Yet I am inclined for one as lovely as you, to be more lenient. I have but to touch you with my finger, and it would mean the end of you, all over, quickly and painlessly...
She is to be <b>mine!</b>  It is so spoken!
Ahh, but I declare there is still time for <i>some</i>thing.
It would seem so, Master
I suppose most of the others will have to wait for their judgement until after the next full moon.
At the first sight of the morning sun's rays, we must be gone.
Yes, yes yes I know all that.
As you wish, Master
Now, I will talk...to The Wolf Man...and The Mummy.
She pleases me.  Permit her to live in the World of the Snakes. 
It would seem so, Master.
Oh, yes, a religion of sorts.
As I said, a worshipper of snakes, and of smoke, and flames.
She was?
Her dance has pleased me.
El Dia De Los Muertos...A celebration in her country.
She came to us on the Day of the Dead.
She loved the bull ring and the matador.  She danced to their destruction. Now she dances to her own destruction.  Her dance is of skulls.
What kind of symbol?
A symbol, Master.
...And what is this?
Tie them that they may watch.
A situation easily remedied.
But they are not yet one of us.
Yes, sir, Master.
Ahh, good.  Then I will see them.  Dismiss the rest.
There are one or two which should complement the night's entertainment, Master
You are the keepers of the Damned.  You two know them all. And I am tired of this usual type of entertainment. I want...a decided change.
Then it is some service you desire of us.
Aaaahhhh.
Well rest easy, I'm not angry with either of you.
It's not often an Emperor like <i>you</i> calls on creatures like us.
Then why do you shake so?
We don't know of anything, Master...
You know better than that.
Have we in some way made you angry, Master?
Yes, Master, and we caught them, him and me.
Live ones where only the dead should be?
Yes, Master.
They are live ones?
I repulse you?  Very well.  It seems you have chosen your own fate. Live with it!  I should say <b>die</b> with it!
No. No! No!
You need not worry...Not just now, anyway.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
I have promised both The Wolf Man and The Mummy a reward.  It could be that <b>you</b> are that reward.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
I'm so frightened.
Ahh, the curiousity of youth... on the road to ruin!  May it ever be so adventurous!
Without the snake, of course.
Ahh hahahhnnn hahnnn!
I could make her another Cleopatra...
I can't remember doing anything wrong either.
Aannnnaahhnn.
Did you howl off-key at the moon again?
Aannnnaahhnn.
Did you do something to get us into trouble again?
Aaaaannnnnuuunnnuhhhhh?
What do you suppose for?
Aaahhnnnahnnnn.
He wants us.
Aaarrrgggaahh.
When I was alive, they were the things nightmares were made of.
Aahhhhnnnaaahahnn. AaaaaahhhhoooWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
We had lots of snakes in my ancient Egypt...slimy, slinky things.
Aaaahhhhnnnahhhnnnggnnn.
Hurt her?  Hell, it killed her!
Aaaaahhnnnhaaaaaannnhhh?
I don't like snakes.  I remember the one Cleopatra used.  Cute little rascal until it flicked out that red tongue, and those two sharp fangs.  You'd never think such a little thing packed such a big wallop.
He did, huh.  Well, tell Buddy I see Glenn wearing his sunglasses I'll step on 'em.  I might not even take 'em off first.
Yeah, that's him.  Buddy says Glenn thinks you guys are real cool.
Glenn Michaels.
Well, seeing as you have so much luck with cars, Buddy thought it might be better to bring two.  He got this guy he says you know from Lompoc, Glenn something.
What're you talking about?
And the one driving the other car?
Listen, Adele, the reason I called, that party is today instead of Sunday. About eight-thirty, like only a few hours from now.  So you'll have to get hold of Buddy, whatever he might be doing...
Emil the Amazing.  The bastard fired me and hired another girl, a redhead. I'm working on a new business card, pass out to the cafes.  How's this sound--
What happened to Mandrake the Magician?
What's free about it?  I'm looking for work.
Listen to Miss Smarty Mouth.  Out there in the free world.
So why don't you come right out and tell me what you're talking about?
I said not as a rule.
Didn't you tell me one-time calls aren't monitored?
You know that Super Bowl party?  They changed the date.  It's on <u>tonight</u>, eight-thirty.
Till it's not funny any more.  What do you want, Jack?
That's funny, Adele.  How many more times you gonna gimme that one?
Tell me, how do you do that?
Yes.
You do the sawing of the box in half trick with you inside?
Yes.
What?!
Lie face down on the floor.
Who is it?
I want to speak with you, please.
Uh-- sorry.  Wrong number.
Yes, it is.
Oh, is this Adele?
Thank you.
You're good.
Who are you?
Ask him his name.
Any idea where I could find Buddy?  Or Glenn?
That wasn't Jack's fault.  No, that was on account of Buddy, for some reason, decided to call his sister and confess to a job <u>before</u> they'd done it instead of after.  She called the FBI and they both went down, ended up at Lompoc.  I think Buddy felt kinda bad about that.
Till they got busted.
Jack came out of a bank he just robbed in Pasadena, couldn't get his stolen car to start.  Battery was dead.  He looks over, sees Buddy sitting in a burgundy Bonneville, goes up, offers him a thousand dollars for a jump. Turns out, Buddy was casing the same bank and saw the whole thing.  Buddy says, I'll take the thousand, but we're leaving in my car, not that piece of shit you come in.  They musta robbed fifty banks together.
Buddy'll take care of him.  Keep him out've trouble.  He's Jack's conscience. Always has been.  He tell you how they met?
Adele, sooner or later, he's gonna get caught.  I'd like to get him before he does something else, makes it worse on himself.
Really.  Hm.
I'll say one thing for Jack, he was never ugly or mean, or drank too much. He was very considerate, lights on or off, if you know what I mean.
He said he was a card player.  I could live with that.  I never knew he robbed banks till he got busted with that car that caught fire -- if you can imagine something like that happening, comes out of the bank and the car's on fire. I did go see him in jail to tell him I was filing for divorce.  He said, "Okay."  Jack's so easy going.  He was fun, but never what you'd call a real husband.
Did you know that when you married him?
Huh.  Problem is, Jack's idea of a normal life is robbing banks.  It's all he's ever done.
He said he wished the two of you could start over, live a normal life.
He did?  I don't remember.  Did he say about me?  In the trunk?
He called the day he escaped.
He'd call every once in a while.
But you spoke to him on the phone.
I don't know.  He was different after he was sentenced, looking at thirty years.  Said it depressed him every time the younger cons called him an old timer.
Why not?
He didn't want me to.
You didn't visit him in prison.
He gets that way when he's nervous sometimes.
You mean, did he try to jump me?  No, but he was kind of talkative.
He didn't hurt you or anything, did he?
No, thanks.
I'm getting ready to go out.  You can come in if you want, sit down for a minute.  Would you like a Diet Coke?
I know a Glenn.
But you know what I'm talking about, don't you?  About Glenn, don't you, and the second car?
They didn't <i>tell</i> me anything, they asked questions.
The FBI didn't tell you I was with them?
From Glades to the turnpike.  Then I left with Glenn.
You were <i>both</i> in the trunk?  Together?
Why you want to do that, to a frien'?
Go away, or I'll call the police.
Listen, I'm the one help Jack escape from prison.  He tole me, I can't find him to see you.  So why don't you open this fucking door.  Okay?  So we can speak.
I don't know where he is.
Tell me where is Jack Foley, I don't bother you no more.
Wait in the hall!  I have to get dressed!
Listen to me.  I'm a good friend of Jack Foley.
I'm not dressed.
Yes, around here.  I was a mayishan in Cuba before I come here.  Manuel the Mayishan was my name.
You say you perform in the Miami area?
His assistant.
You were his what, his box?
Yeah, I was Emil's box-jumper for almost four years.
You did work for Emil, right?
Oh.  Uh-huh.
I talk to the guy you work for, Emil. He tole me your number and where you live.  See, I'm looking for an assistant and would like to speak to you.
Yes.
Adele?  You in there?
Listen, Buddy, the shit that's about to go down, you'll be on the phone with your sister for a month.  Let me do this part alone.
Jack --
No, you dump the van, meet me at the airport. I'll take one of Ripley's cars.
I'll go with you.
I'm going back inside.
All you gotta do is get in.
We made it, didn't we?
At least.
And then they'll kill 'em.
From the looks of those boys, the Ripper too.
They're gonna rape the maid, aren't they.
What?
Shit.
Come <i>on</i>.
They sure do.
They look like plain old rocks.
Yeah, hi.  Nice house.
You remember Buddy, don't you, Richard?
They found the safe.
Stay with the maid.  I'm gonna have a look around.
I don't ski.
You ever wear one of these?
I'm not leaving you alone with these assholes.
There's still time, take me up on my offer.
And who watches your back?
Getting me out of Glades for starters.
Half for doing what?
I'll make you a deal.  Get out of here. Right now.  I'll do the job with the Snoop, meet you wherever you want and give you half.
But you still think you can get the diamonds fore they do?
I get that feeling, yeah.
You know they gonna set us up.
Whatta you wanna do?
They want to go tonight, before Glenn gets in any trouble, opens his big mouth.
I don't know.
So what's that mean?  That you're disappointed by what you found or you're sorry you robbed all those banks?
Yeah, I did.
You find out?
It wasn't about getting laid.  I just wanted to know what might've happened if things were different.
Did you give her a jump?  If you did I might begin to understand where your head's at.
You know how I felt about her.
So how's that work, a wanted felon socializing with a U.S. Marshal?
Yes, she did.
And she saw you?
I saw Karen Sisco.
It took you, what, seven hours to buy a pair of shoes?
Yeah, and I better call my sister.
Listen, I gotta get some better shoes, few other things before tomorrow.  Why don't you drop me off at the Ren Cen, we'll hook up later?
They put a gun on you, you still have a choice, don't you?
They put a gun on you, you'll go back.
You might not have a choice.
Yeah, it's called Glades Correctional Institution and I'm sure as shit not going back there or any place like it.
My sister believes in fate, but not hell.  That's why she stopped praying for the lost souls since you don't hear that much about purgatory anymore. But every day she asks her boss to pray I don't fuck up.  Whatta you think, you think there's a hell, Jack?
Let fate decide?  What're you, the fuckin' Dali Lama now?
I mean, they don't know for sure he's dead.  Look, there's always a chance we'll walk out've there with nothing.  I say let fate decide.
What about that D.B. Cooper guy?
Tell me something, Buddy.  You know anyone who's actually done one last big score and gone to live the good life?  Cause it occurred to me that everyone <u>talks</u> about doing it, but I don't know anyone who's actually gone and <u>done</u> it.  Do you?
Let Glenn deal with the Snoop, while we're off livin' the good life.
Who says anybody's gonna be with us? I say we go to the fights tomorrow, find out what the Snoop's big plan is, then go in ahead of those guys -- <u>alone</u>.
Yeah?  You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the muscle-bound asshole with us?
Time comes, we knock on the door.  See if he wants to talk about old times. Go in the easy way.
No doubt the man's got some big-ass security system.
Jesus, look at that wall.  Place almost looks like a prison.
Now that's a really big house.
Let's drive by where we're meeting and have a look.  Maybe take a look at Ripley's place while we're at it.
Forget about my sister.  If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn, we're fucked. Tomorrow night at the fights we all get picked up.
You didn't tell your sister about Ripley, did you?  'Cause I don't wanna go through that again.
Forty-five minutes.
How long were you with the girl?
Two hours.
How long you talk to her?
Just hung up.
You tell your sister about it?
They don't stay the night, Jack, 'less you pay for it.
I think she's after Glenn.  The girl still with you?
She came up here on her vacation, 'cause she likes shitty weather.
Doesn't say what she's doing up here, but I don't think it has anything to do with us.
Outside of that.
What's he do now, tell fortunes?
Is that Snoopy?  In the purple doo rag?
Or two.
I think Glenn opened his big mouth and now we got us another partner.
Whatta you think?
Love is funny.
"Fight over tuna casserole may have spurred slaying."  Seems this woman's live-in boyfriend, seventy years old, complained about her tuna noodle casserole and she shot him in the face with a twelve-gauge.  Police found noodles in the woman's hair and think the guy dumped the casserole dish on her before she shot him.  They'd been together ten years.
She just sat there, looking right at me.
They know where I live, I guess they know what I drive, so maybe we should pick up another car on the way.
He isn't fighting no more.  Glenn told me the Snoop's been managing some guys up there now, works out at the Kronk.
Snoopy.  Christ, I thought he'd be brain dead by now.
Remember Snoopy Miller, his old pal from Lompoc?
Well, first off, if you were Glenn, you wouldn't be thinking.
I been thinkin', if I was Glenn, I was up there to take down the Ripper, where would I go?
First thing we do, we get to Detroit, we find Glenn, then we find a window to throw him out of.
Now you're talkin'.
Let's go to Detroit.
Sure looks that way.
I guess Adele's in good hands.
Uh-huh...
There.  You see the guy sitting on the porch?  The old ladies and one guy? You know they'll have a couple more in a car somewhere.
In here with my suntan lotion and beach towel.  That's her place.
You at least bring the gun?
I'm a tourist.
Nice disguise.
Shit.
And you know they're gonna have some people watching the hotel.
Her phone's probably tapped.
So call her up.  Tell her don't talk to any Cubans.
We were talking one time, drinking rum.  I may've mentioned Adele, how she worked for a magician.  Chino got interested.  He's like, Yeah?  How does he saw the woman in half?  He wanted to meet her.  Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit.
Jack?
He knows where she lives?
He's gotta know by now that I gave him up back at Glades.  He does, he's gonna try to find me.  Maybe go see Adele, see what she knows.
He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you.
Chino's gonna wanna talk to me.
You better come see this.
What?!
We'll leave first thing in the morning.
Longer we hang around down here, Jack, better chance there is either Glenn's gonna fuck up the whole score, or we gonna get busted, or both.
Am I going to Detroit by myself?
Think this old guy is her boyfriend? It's the only picture she carries.
You'll have to ask Glenn.  And most likely, he's on his way to Detroit, where we should be.
Yeah, but what happened after she drove off with Glenn?
Just that she got away.
Say anything in there about Karen Sisco?
Paper says there's ten grand each on you, Chino and Lulu.
Maybe this'll make you feel better.
I wasn't feeling my best that day. I'd just drawn thirty to life.
They pass this picture around you can go anywhere you want, nobody'll know you.
Sounds great.
There's a store around the corner, I'll be right back.
I know exactly what you mean.  It's just a feeling.  You know, I could go for some wine tonight.
There's something about a nice hot bath, transforms a person.  It's not just about opening up your pores, know what I mean?  There's just something about the heat and the wet that's calming you know?  Settles me in a way that I really can't articulate.
Oh, man.
There's some lilac oil, you want some, a vanilla candle under the sink.
I've been dreaming about a hot bath for the last six months.  Soak the prison off me.
You're right.
You're just jealous it was me in the trunk with her and not you.
Cause she had her hand on her gun the whole time, waiting to make her move.
I'm just saying she wasn't scared.
You're too late, Jack.
I want to talk to her again, that's all.  See what would happen under, you know, normal circumstances.
You want to take her to my place and get cleaned up?  You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes, "Oh, I had you all wrong"?
He ain't the problem, Jack.
I don't know why, but every time he opens his mouth I want to punch him out.
His idea?  Gimme a break.  Fuckin' guy's got a vacant lot for a head.  Was you and me figured the whole thing out.
How 'bout the score was his idea to begin with?
Why you brought Glenn into this, I'll never know.
I brought 'em, they're back at Glades in the Cadillac.  You wanted to take her car.
Wait a minute.  Let me have your raincoat.  Somebody forgot to bring me clean clothes.
The green-and-whites saw us.  One of 'em starts thinking, what's that car doing there?  Ties it to the break and turns around...
Do we need him?
Get the shotgun.  And her purse.  I'd like to know who she is.
Jesus Christ, what were you doing in there?
She's coming with us.
We may as well leave her, we're leaving the car and we gotta leave her some place anyway, what's the difference where?
Okay, honey, come on out of there.
That's the turnpike up there.  Glenn's waiting with the other car.
Where in the hell are we?
Why don't we talk about it later?
I bet that's all the hacks they send out.  Otherwise nobody's left to mind the store.
The Wall Street guy?  Oh, yeah.  I didn't recognize him without his rug.
It's Richard Ripley.
And you let them come up.  You don't try to make the bust yourself.  You understand?
Call and tell you.
Now you see Foley and this guy Bragg come in behind us, whatta you do?
You can go wait out in the car, you want to.
What?  Daniel, I wanna go upstairs.
Take the radio, stay down here in the lobby, watch the elevator.
The manager's door is metal.
Yeah, why?
You're gonna use a ram?
You're primary, you're secondary, you're point man.
They're in 7D.
You get the key?
Good.  Now forget about the ex-wife and get over to the Adams Hotel.
That's all I wanted to know.
Yeah, sure, Karen.  You bring in Chirino, you can be on the task force.
Yes or no, Daniel.  If I get him, will you let me go after Foley?
What?  Is that what you're calling me about?
Oh, I was just wondering, if I were to bring in Chirino, would you put me on the task force?
Now.  What is it you wanted to tell me?
Sure, Daniel.
But don't you <u>do</u> anything.  You just have a seat, wait for me to get there.
All right, but...
There was a Buddy Bragg at Lompoc around the same time Foley was there.  We got an address for him at the Adams Hotel in Hallandale.  I want you to go there, see if you can get the manager to i.d. him as the other guy.  If he does, you call me right away...
Yeah, I know.  I was just leaving. Why were you trying to reach me?
What-- we already talked to her.  That's a dead end.
I'm at Adele Delisi's.
Where are you?  I been trying to reach you.
Daniel.  Listen --
Karen.  Where are you?  I been trying to get a hold of you.
Shut up.
Sounds to me like he liked having you around.  I'll see you, Karen.  Mr. Sisco.
You'll have to ask him.
We'll talk another time, Karen.  All right?  I'd like to know why Foley put you in that second car when he didn't need you any more.
You have to know what you're talking about.
I have to qualify, is that it?
Have you ever shot a man?  How many times have you been primary through the door?
Karen, I've been with the Bureau fifteen years, on all kinds of investigations.
Daniel, what do you work on most of the time, fraud?  Go after crooked bookkeepers.
You say in the report Glenn didn't have a gun, but you let him get away, too.
Is that what you would've done?
The time came, you shot him.  But you didn't shoot Foley or the guy with him.  They're unarmed, you had a shotgun and you let them throw you in the trunk. Okay, now you got your Sig in your hand.  You say in the report you couldn't turn around, he had you pinned down.  But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then?
And what happened to Carl?
Yeah, but I had enough reason to believe he did, and I told you.  So you had to at least suspect him.
When I was seeing Carl Tillman, I didn't know he robbed banks.
Foley made me think of that fella Carl Tillman, the one you were seeing, it turns out the same time he was doing banks.  You recall that?
It was an unusual experience.
This fella holds you hostage, you talk about movies?
Oh... different things, prison, movies.
What'd you talk about?
In the trunk, yeah?
You talked to him?
Really?  Huh.  He told me he didn't remember how many he robbed.
There's a couple of points I keep wondering about have to do with the two guys that grabbed you.  Buddy is it?  And this fella Jack Foley.  I swear the man must've robbed two hundred banks in his time.
Coming to the Okeechobee exit...
Yes, but I want to hear you tell it. Starting with when you tried to grab the wheel -- where was this?
Isn't that my report you're holding onto?
That's nice of you to offer, Karen, but I got all the help I can use right now.  Instead, let's talk about how you got the bump on your head.
I wanna be on the task force, Daniel.
Daniel Burdon, FBI.
Hello, Daniel.
Excuse me, Adele?
Daniel Burdon, please.  Karen Sisco.
You don't, huh?
Oh, is that right?  You going to shoot me?  Nice girl like you?  I don't think so.
You can live or die, it's up to you.
If you move, if you look at her again, you're dead.
I could walk out of here.
What do you want to bet?
You wouldn't shoot me, would you?
Put it down or I'll shoot.
Oh.  Then this must be Adele...
I'm a federal marshal and you're under arrest.  Put the gun on the table.  I mean, now.
Wait.  You not Adele?
Leave it where it is.
I appreciate the offer.  And it's tempting.
You see what they doing, those posts out there?  Putting up another fence, five metres on the other side of the one that's there.  We wait until Super Bowl Sunday, they could have the second fence built and we have to dig another nine, ten days.  So we going soon as it's dark.  You want -- I mean it -- you can still come.
You told me I can come 'cause I caught you digging the fuckin' tunnel, saw you and Lulu coming out of the bushes, thought maybe you two were making out.
You want, I tole you you can come. You all right, Foley.  I like you.
You were out running this morning, sticking to your routine, anybody happened to notice.  But you only did a couple of miles instead of your usual five.  Saving yourself for the main event.  Then I see you inside eating ten pounds of macaroni. Carbohydrates for endurance.
Why you think is today?
Yeah, but I see you moved it up.
I told you, man, Super Bowl Sunday.
You excited?
Wait, I know him --okay?
Karen, I told you not to--
Oh-kay...
We're a few minutes away.  Just sit tight, stay outta the house till we get there, understand?
Hello?
Come on, Raymond, I'm a federal officer, I'm armed.
That's fine, but I don't want you to talk to Miller alone.
I'll need a last known address.
Christ, I know Snoopy Miller.  He's a fuckin' wackjob thinks he's Sugar Ray Leonard.  Hangs out with a couple other Grade-A nutcases over on the West side.
Guy named Maurice Miller, also known as Snoopy, a former prizefighter.
Who was the friend?
Listen, Raymond, a year ago, DEA had this guy Glenn Michaels on possession with intent but couldn't make it stick. In his statement, Glenn said he went up to Detroit to visit a friend and look into job opportunities -- if you can believe that.
Yeah, and, as you can see, home invasions are big, too.
Detroit, you must be pretty busy.
Yeah, I'm crimes against persons and property now, also sex crimes and child abuse.
No, I didn't know that.
You know, I'm not in homicide any more.
I report to the FBI, first thing they're gonna do is ask me to go get some coffee.
Other than we had so much fun the last time we worked together.  You gonna tell me why you're comin' to me instead of the FBI?
Yonelle.  Looks like someone raped her, shot her, then threw her out the window.  Fuckin' animals.
Yeah.  I saw one of 'em outside.
Yeah, Eddie was a real character.  Had these girls cooked the rocks he called the Rockettes.
What is it with crack and transsexuals?
Dude in the dress is Eddie Solomon, used to buy scag off a corner till he kicked it and found his happiness with crack and then started dealing himself. Word on the street was he was saving up for an operation.
Who?
Yeah.  And I thought everyone liked Eddie.
Quite a mess.
Freezing.  But I'm getting warmer.
How are you, Raymond?
Ironic, isn't it?
You're right.  So why take a chance--
This kind of setup, you don't have any idea what the fuck you're doing -- do you?
A little.
Nervous?
Not until recently.
Jack, you don't use a gun, do you?
Someone down here?
Good luck, Richard.
I've seen 'em used on TV.
You know how to use one a these?
Hey.  You learn from doing.
That's a wonderful story, Snoop.  I'm very excited about tonight.
Takes the TV, the VCR, some other shit and leaves his wallet on the floor.
Shit, yeah.  White Boy even got busted for it.  White Boy, tell these boys the reason you went down on that burglary that time.
So you've done this before, huh?
Break and enter, shit.  Take it and git, how it's done.  Don't waste any time.  That's how you do it.
That what they're wearing these days to break and enter?
I wasn't asking permission.
You got two minutes, that's all.  Make up your mind.
Give me a minute, talk to Buddy.
Soon as we leave here.  Stop home and pick up what we need and go do it.
I thought everything.
Look, what you worried about Glenn for?  What's he know?
Snoop, if you don't know where Glenn is...
The fuck you talking about?
We're leaving.
Reggie, push off and hit, man.  Push him off.
Your homie, Glenn.  Only thing, he went to the men's about a while ago and never came back.
Who's sitting here?
Warm?  Man, it's ninety-five degrees in here, sometimes a hundred -- the way Emanuel always kep' it so his boys'd sweat, get lean and mean like Tommy Hearns.  No, I ain't talking any business in here.  To me this is holy ground, man.  You understand?  I got to be someplace anyway.  Y'all want to talk, come to the fights tomorrow night, we'll sit down and look at it good. The State Theater.
What's the matter with right here? It's nice and warm.
Let's go outside and talk.
Look, Snoop, I don't know what Glenn promised you or what you think you're gonna get, but the deal is me and Buddy get half of whatever we take from Ripley, understand?  How you and Glenn cut up the rest is up to you.
Glenn didn't tell you?
Just like it.  Nobody backing down. You back down, you pussy.  Tell me what you and Buddy doing up here in the cold?
Like being back in the yard, huh?
Low class of people there, Snoop.
It seems to me I been reading about you in the newspaper.  Busted out of some joint in Florida, huh?
Snoopy Miller, famous fight thrower.
Thirty-two outta what, twenty?
Himey here's a pro-toh-jay of mine. He's ranked number thirty-two in the federal prison system.
I don't smoke.
This doesn't concern you, Foley.  Why don't you go on out to the yard, have yourself a smoke?
Another C.
I bet.  How much?
Company, shit.  I watch the man's back.
How much for your company at chow?
That's right.
Yeah, I got a problem.  This is the dumbest fucking shakedown in the history of dump shakedowns.  Three hundred bucks for a pillow?
Yeah.
There a problem, Foley?
Sign says "Shut the fuck up."  Or can't you guys read?
You know what I mean.
You just did, for Christ sake.
I'm sorry, Jack, but I can't shoot you.
I told you, I'm not going back.
What're you now, a desperado?  Put the guns down.
If you don't, one of those guys will.
You think I'd shoot you?
Pretend I'm somebody else.
Come on, Jack -- don't.
You know.
I'm trying not to.  I just wanna know what's gonna happen.
You getting serious on me now?
I don't know about that.  You can't do three falls and think you have much of a brain.
You're not dumb.
I don't know.
What about <i>my</i> motive?  Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal.  You think I will?
Or I did it for some kind of kinky thrill.  Score with a bank robber the way some women go for rough trade.
Why are you mad?
I want you to know something.  I wasn't looking for just a fuck, if that's what you're thinking.
I'm just going to the bathroom.
You coming back?
Don't talk like that, okay?  You scare me.
No, you're right.  Or Buddy.  I won't ask if he's with you or what you're doing here in Detroit.  Or if you've run into Glenn Michaels yet.
I don't think we should get into that.
So she did help you?
To warn her about Chino.
You were going to see her?
Outside Adele's.
Where?
You know I saw you on the street.
Really?  I was thinking the same thing. If we could call time and get together for a while.
I couldn't believe it.  I was thinking of you by then, a lot, wondering what it would be like if we did meet.  Like if we could take a time-out...
I wasn't sure you caught that.
You waved to me in the elevator.
I don't know.  I hadn't worked that part out yet.  All I knew was that I liked you, and I didn't want to leave you there, never see you again.
What were you gonna do with me?
Why not?
You believe that?
I hear he didn't mean to.  The cop fell as Dillinger was aiming at his leg and got him through the heart.
He killed a police officer.
I might've smelled like a sewer, but you could tell I was a gentleman. They say John Dillinger was a pretty nice guy.
Yeah, but in a nice way.
You kept touching me, feeling my thigh.
She did, huh.
Remember how talkative you were?  In the trunk?  Adele said you do that when you're nervous.
That's not what you were about to say.
You really wear that suit.
So do you.
You like taking risks.
It would be worth the risk.
If I remembered you.  I came looking for you.  I would've said sure, let's do it.  But for all you knew I could show up with a SWAT team.  Why would you trust me?
Well, I'd say who I was and do you remember me and ask if you'd like to meet for a drink.
If I had answered, what were you gonna say?
I called your room from downstairs.
Oh, God...
Or once.
It doesn't have to, it's something that happens.  It's like seeing a person you never saw before -- you could be passing on the street -- you look at each other and for a few seconds, there's a kind of recognition.  Like you both know something.  But then the next moment the person's gone, and it's too late to do anything about it, but you remember it because it was right there and you let it go, and you think, "What if I had stopped and said something?"  It might happen only a few times in your life.
Well, does it make sense to you?
It's not a game.  Something you play.
It's your game.  I've never played this before.
I don't think it works if we're somebody else.  You know what I mean?  Gary and Celeste, Jesus, what do they know about anything?
Not yet.  Don't say anything yet.  Okay?
How far do we go with this?
No.  What do you do for a living, Gary?
Having it cleaned didn't help, huh?
It smelled.
You did?
I had one just like it -- well, it was the same idea, but I had to get rid of it.
I like your hair.  And that suit.
I don't have a problem with it.
A girl.
What, as a sales rep?
Is that how you think of yourself?
I'm a sales rep.  I came here to call on a customer and they gave me a hard time because I'm a girl.
Well, we got that out of the way.  Tell me, Celeste.  What do you do for a living?
Love it.
You like bourbon?
No, they're all right.  I meant, you just got here.
Those guys bother you?
Don't leave me.
I can go to the bar.
It takes hours to get a drink around here.  There's only one waitress.
I just thought maybe you and me could--
Whatta you mean <u>we'll</u> make it an island?
I'm partial to mountains myself.  But if you like islands, we'll make it an island.
One last score, that the idea?  Move to some island.
He's dead.  He did twenty-seven years before he came out and died not too long after in Charity Hospital, I think trying to make up for all the good times he'd missed.  That's not gonna be me.
Unless you wanna tell me.
Why?  You think he might tell you where I am?
Something I've been wondering, what ever happened to your Uncle Cully?
I can just picture that, a cute girl like you following slip-and-fall and whiplash cheaters.
My dad's retired.  He was a Private Investigator.  Forty years.  I used to work for him.
Because you're having too much fun.
Why not?
You won't do that.
There's a guy here on the task force right now.  Maybe I should put him on the phone, let you two work it out.
Sure.  I'll just leave 'em with the S.W.A.T. guy answers the door.
Let's see.  You could come on by my dad's place, drop 'em off.
How do we do that?
Think I could have them back?
And your gun.
How do you know?  Wait-- you have my wallet.
Really.  He has a cop's face.
That's my dad.
I'm just worried maybe I'm not old enough for you.
None of your business.
Who was it answered the phone?
How'd you get this number?
Yes.
You know who this is?
Shit...
Get your hands up and turn around. <u>Now</u>.
Uh-huh.  Well, but if --
I mean, romantically.
Really.
I never thought it made sense, though, the way they got together so quick.
Yeah...
With Robert Redford, when he was young.
Another one Faye Dunaway was in I liked, <i>Three Days of the Condor</i>.
You have to be kidding.
I'm just saying I think if we met under different circumstances...
You'd probably tell me.
I mean if you didn't know who I was.
Nothing.
You're sure easy to talk to.  I wonder -- say we met under different circumstances and got to talking, say you were in a bar and I came up to you -- I wonder what would happen.
It wasn't pretty after, no, but if you were in that car -- eating a sandwich -- you wouldn't have known what hit you.
Bleeding on a country road.
Yeah, right.  Anyway, that scene where Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway get shot?  I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go, if you have to.
Peter Finch.
And the guy saying he wasn't gonna take any more shit from anybody...
<i>Network</i>.  Yeah, she was good.
Yeah, I liked her in that movie about TV...
Faye Dunaway.
That part in the movie where they get shot?  Warren Beatty and... I can't think of her name.
It was May, 1934, near Gibsland, Louisiana.
You're full of interesting facts, aren't you?
They put a hundred and eighty-seven bullet holes in Clyde, Bonnie Parker and the car they were driving.  Bonnie was eating a sandwich.
Is that right?
I don't recall his hat, but I've seen pictures of him lying dead, shot by Texas Rangers.  Did you know he didn't have his shoes on?
Oh, you mean of Bonnie and Clyde?  Hm. You ever see pictures of him, the way he wore his hat?  You could tell he had that don't-give-a-shit air about him.
You must see yourself as some kind of Clyde Barrow.
Yeah, well, if it turns out I get shot like a dog, it'll be in the street, not off a goddamn fence.
You know, this isn't gonna end well, these things never do.
Sure.
We still talk, though.
Uh-huh.
It was just a year, give or take a few days.  I mean, it's not like we didn't get along or anything.  We had fun, we just didn't have that... that thing, you know?  That spark, you know what I mean?  You gotta have that.
You were married?  All those falls, I'm surprised you had time.
Jesus, you sound like my ex-wife.
What do you want me to do?  Scream?  I don't think it would help much.  I'm just gonna sit back, take it easy, and wait for you to screw up.
You don't act like it.
Of course I am.
You don't seem all that scared.
I don't have to.  I don't rob banks.
Basically.  Yeah.  If I go back now, I do a full thirty years, no time off. Can you imagine looking at that?
I know the difference.  You were in Lompoc USP, the federal penitentiary. I've delivered people there.  So basically you've spent half your life in prison.
I believe you would have.  Another fall, I did seven years at Lompoc.  And I don't mean the place next door where some of Nixon's people went.
It was me, I woulda left ol' Gus on the floor.
I thought so, too.
That's funny.
Tell you the truth, I don't know.  I started when I was eighteen, driving for my Uncle Cully and his partner, Gus.  They go into a bank this one time in Slidell, Gus jumps the counter to get the tellers and breaks his leg. All three of us ended up in Angola.
How many was that?
Time I was convicted in California? FBI told me I'd robbed more banks than anyone in the computer.
Why, are you famous?
Jack Foley.  You've probably heard of me.
So, what's <u>your</u> name?  It'll be in the paper tomorrow anyway.
One I gave him, yeah.  Fuck...
Buddy.  That's his given name?
Who, Buddy?  Yeah.  He's a good guy. Back when we jailed together, he'd call his sister every week without fail.  She's a born-again Christian, does bookkeeping for a televangelist. Buddy calls her up, confesses his sins, tells her about whatever bank he happened to rob.
Must be quite a pal, risk his own ass like this.
If they get set up in time, which I doubt.  And even if they do they'll be looking for a buncha little Latin fellas, not a big black guy driving a Ford.
You wouldn't have time anyway.  We come to a roadblock, they'll run the car, find out in five seconds who it belongs to.
Guys like me, huh.  Well, listen, even though I've been celibate lately, I'm not gonna force myself on you.  I've never done that in my life.
The idea of going after guys like you appealed to me.
Yeah, went real nice with that twelve gauge, too.  Tell me, why in the world would someone like you ever become a federal marshall?
I believe it.  You've ruined a nine- hundred-dollar suit my dad gave me.
Boy, it stunk in there.
In my bag, in the car.
Where's your gun, your pistol?
You devil, it's mace, huh?  What've you got here, a billy?  Use it on poor unfortunate offenders.
For your breath.  You could use it. Squirt some in your mouth.
There isn't any.  All this shit you got in here.  What is all this stuff anyway?  Handcuffs, chains... what's this can?
If I could have a little more room.
You comfy?
I'm a federal marshal and you're under arrest, both of you guys.
Why you're just a girl.  What do you do for a living you pack a shotgun?
Why?  Just because you left us standing on the side of the road?
I thought you guys were busted.
These guys, man, they're crazy.  Shit.
Whose blood you got all over you?
I don't know...
What happened to your shades?  Someone finally step on 'em?
Yeah?  She said that to you?
She <i>knew</i> me from some bullshit dope bust.  She drove me to court.  Twice. You know what she said, we're in the car on the turnpike?  "I never forget anybody I've cuffed and shackled."
That broad you picked up -- did you know she was a US Marshal, for Christ sake?
Weren't you expecting us?
The backseat.
In the trunk?
I'd like you to go wait in the car. How's that?  Take her with you and put her in back.
You're in civilization now, man, ease up.
Wait in the car.
You don't take 'em off, I'm gonna throw 'em off the overpass while they're still on your head.
I see better with them on.
Take your sunglasses off.
Oh, nuthin'.
Studs.  Man, I haven't heard that since Lompoc.  What's going on?
Oh, hey, Studs?  We thought you were somebody else.
Use your head.  The guys got five million lying around his house, you really think he's gonna tell some motormouth he just met in prison about it?
You think he's lying?
My point is, that's probably what you're gonna end up with.
So.  What's your point?
Ever seen an uncut diamond, Studs? They look like plain old rocks.
Detroit.  Snoopy Miller told me uncut diamonds are as easy to move as cash.
I'll take the shades off.  Just get this fuckin' thing off me.
I guess the bright glare out here made it hard to see the numbers on the weights.
You guys-- come on-- this is too heavy!
Who you talkin' to, Studs?  Me, or Buddy.  I can't tell, you got those shades on.
He got three years and fined fifty million dollars and wrote 'em a fucking check.  Like that, fifty mil, signed his name.  Whoa-- little help here!
I do, but I won't tell you just yet. Meet me in the chapel at eight-thirty, right before lock-down.
You know who they are?
Looks like tonight.
When?
I hear six.
Okay.  How many going out?
I expect you to look out for me, Pup, let me run off work details.
How many?
Some people are going out of here. What if I told you where and when?
If that's my fate, so be it.  I'm not leaving.  I love her, Jack.
Don't be an asshole, Richard.  They're gonna kill you.
I'm not leaving Midge.
I were you, I'd get up and run.
Five point two.
Dumbfuck Glenn was right, there's about five million worth in there, wouldn't you say, Richard?
I'm not angry, Richard.  In fact, I'm completely relaxed.  Thing is, I can't tell if it's the fish that're cooling me out or all those uncut diamonds on the bottom of the tank there.
I can't believe you're still angry with me, Jack, after all this time.
Siddown, Dick.  They're trying to open the safe, not your maid.
Good God... they're shooting Midge!
We'll go to my bank.  I'll make a withdrawal.
You gonna write me a check?
What do you want from me, Jack?  Name it.  You want money?
A minute or two, you're gonna wish you were.
We thought it might be her husband. Sometimes he comes and checks up on her.  She told him I was down in Florida.
What kinda man lets a woman answer the door, this time a night?
Have they got Midge up there?
Maurice?  From Lompoc?  Good God.
Maurice Miller, couple of his friends.
Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing here?  What's going on?  Who's upstairs?
How are you, Richard?
Foley?  That you?
Oh, yeah, I'm calm.  In fact, I'm totally "relaxed..."
Gentlemen.  I think we've calmed down now.  Haven't we, Jack?
Jack, I'm disappointed.  I guess I misjudged you.
How, Dick?  The way <u>you</u> earned it?  By marrying some rich broad owns the company, selling it off a piece at a time, then divorcing her?  What is this Knute Rockne, pull yourself up by the bootstraps bullshit?  Back in prison, guy like you, place like that, you were ice cream for freaks.  You were a goddamn dumpling.  Maurice and a dozen other guys coulda bled you till you had nothing.  Till you <u>were</u> nothing.  I saved your ass.  So you'll pardon me if I don't wanna sit on a fuckin stool all day saying "sign in here please" or "hey, pal, you can't park there."  Okay, Dick?  I can't do it.
Today, I'm offering you a lousy job at a lousy wage.  You think you're better than that?  Fine.  Show me.  Show me that you're really willing to change and we'll talk about something better. A lot better.  But first, Jack, you gotta earn it.
First, I'm goin' to Israel for a year, study the Talmud, work on a Kibbutz... then come back, maybe take some tennis lessons.
You goin' right back to work?
What's to think about?
I still haven't made up my mind yet.
The next time I walk into a bank.
It works.  You should try it sometime.
And the guy sent you a bill for this?
The fish saved my life.  Two years ago, I found out I had high blood pressure.  So my doctor, he tells me to go get an aquarium, look at the fish every time I felt myself stressing out.
I can't say that I've paid that much attention to 'em before.
Yeah, fish live in the present.  They don't dwell on yesterday and they don't worry about tomorrow.  Even when a big fish attacks a little fish, there's no neurosis involved.  No guilt afterward. No whining on some fish-shrink's couch. They just do it.  They accept.
The fish?
No need to decide now.  Be like the fish.  Let whatever happens happen.
My ex-wife's in Miami.  It's nice down there.
Who is?  But then you gotta look at a job as more than just work.  You gotta look at it as peace of mind.  As <i>security</i>, you know what I mean?  I got offices in Detroit, Miami, Boston, take your pick.
I don't know.  I'm not exactly the nine-to-five type.
Hey, Jack?  Bullshit.  I didn't make my first million until I was forty- two.  Forty-two.  You really <u>want</u> to change, it's never too late.
It's a little late for me.
I was just thinking that I could use a guy like you, someone knows how to ask for things the right way.  I'm talkin' about when you're outta here.  I mean, you can't rob banks for ever.
Twenty-two months, three days, two hours.  Why?
Tell me something, Jack, how much longer you in here?
It's a big house.
Doesn't have to figure out shit.  You <u>told</u> him you keep 'em at your house.
Plus, even it was true, he'd still have to figure out where I keep 'em.
Of course not.
Yeah, but who's gonna believe Glenn? I mean, do <u>you</u> believe Glenn?
You're the one with balls, Dick, say something like that to someone like Glenn.  Or maybe you just forgot where you were for a minute.
I know what you're talking about.
No?  Where do you keep it, Dick?  I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
You're the reason, Jack, I don't keep all my money in banks.
You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way.
Really?
I don't know.  I never used a gun.
Tell me something.  What's it like, walk in a bank with a gun, stick it up?
Any time.
Thanks for your help.
First of all, if he kills you, he's not gonna get any more money out of you.
Really?  Well, I uhhh...
You're smart, Ripley, you'll tell this guy to fuck off.
Must be a real soft pillow.
Sounds high, doesn't it?
Oh, uh, right, thanks...
You don't wanna be standing there, the hacks start asking questions you don't wanna answer.
I don't know.  It's a long way down to Florida.
Like what?
Yeah, could be.  Or maybe she thought we'd have a lot to talk about.
Cheaper I guess, take us both down in one van.
She did, huh.
Apparently, yeah.  I was supposed to leave last night with the lady marshal, but for some reason she wanted to wait.
And so now you're off to Glades.
Hejira.
You must be some kinda walker, Henry.
Ten, you count the prison hospital in Ohio I walked away from.
The <u>ninth</u>?
Yeah.  That was the ninth.
There were others.
That time?
And how long was it before they caught up with you?
I prefer to call it an exodus from an undesirable place.
You busted out?
Meaning time came, I left.
Meaning?
For a time.
You were at Leavenworth, huh?
The brothers in Leavenworth gave me the name.
The flight?
The Hejira was the flight of Mohammed from Mecca in 622.
What's it mean, "No Hair"?
Islamic.
<i>Hejira?</i>  What kinda name is that?
If I didn't know you, Glenn, by tomorrow you'd be in jail or dead.  Look at it that way.  Go on.
I know, you'll find me.  Jesus, I believe it.  I keep thinking if you hadn't driven me to federal court last summer, you wouldn't even know who I am.
But listen, Glenn.  If you're lying to me...
Really?
You want to get out of here, run, it'll warm you up.
I'm freezing my ass off.
Gee, I wonder why not.
I don't know-- he doesn't exactly confide in me.
But you say he hasn't shown up, you think he backed out?
Maurice is gonna kill him, try and collect the reward.
Why's that?
He's supposed to be, but he hasn't shown up yet, which is a good thing for him.
And is Foley a part of this?
Yeah, the plan was to pick him up at his office tomorrow, take him out to his house in Bloomfield Hills.  Now, I don't give a shit what they do.
Ripley?  You mean the wall street guy?
Rippin' off Ripley was my idea, but these guys, man, they're into shit I can't handle.
But I thought the whole thing was your idea?
Nothing.  I just wanna get the fuck outta here.
What's going on, Glenn?
Listen, these guys, they're gonna be out here any minute looking for me. They're fucking animals.
For the car, for aiding and abetting a prison escape, and conspiring to do whatever you came here for.
You're gonna bust me for picking up a car?
Glenn, I know your life history, who your friends are, where you've been and now, it looks like, where you're going.  Put your hands on the wheel.
Jesus.  How'd you know about Snoopy?
The two guys you were with -- that one, that isn't Maurice Miller, is it? I've seen Snoopy's mug shot and that didn't look like him.
I already stole it.  Last week or whenever it was, in West Palm.  I can't be stealing it again, can I?
You're not?
I mean I'm not stealing the fucking car.
Another one of those days, huh, nothing seems to go right?
Jesus, I don't believe it.
Glenn, are you trying to steal this car?
No way, man, no fuckin' way am I gonna turn myself in.
Glenn, take the exit.
What am I supposed to do <u>now</u>?
Take the next exit.
Wait.  <i>Have</i> you helped him, Glenn?  At this point, technically, I doubt you could be charged with aiding a fugitive. So you still have a choice.  You can help him and risk going down again, get cuffed and shackled, hope to God you pull a reasonable judge, not some hard-on.  Or, if you want to play it another way...
We're not.  I'm helping him, yeah--
Look, I can understand if you and Foley are close.
Foley's not going to make it.  And if he goes down, Glenn, you go with him.
I remember you now.  Shit.
Do we have a gun in the car?
Last fall, I drove you from the Palm Beach county jail to the federal courthouse, twice.  You're Glenn Michaels.  I never forget anyone I've cuffed and shackled.
But you're sure we've met, huh?
No, that's not what I'm thinking.
It couldn't have been out at Glades, if that's what you're thinking.  I was never out there.
You don't remember me, do you?
Glenn?
I got a big score lined up up north. They wouldn't even know about it, it wasn't for me.  I could do it right now myself, except it's so fucking cold up there in January--
Jesus, what'd you crawl through, a sewer?
I'll send it to you at Glades.
Why would I do that?
No.  You gonna stay close to me from now on.  So you don't disappear on me.
It's all right with you, I'll just hang in the car.
Yeah, Kenneth, why you have to do that to that poor girl.
Why'd he have to do that to that girl?
That was some shit, huh?
Hey, shit, come on.  I say I want this car, man, it's mine.  You go get yourself another one.  I say I'm in on Ripley?  I'm in, with or without <i>your</i> ass.  I say I want you to come along on another job, see if you for real or not, guess what you gonna do?
I think you're forgetting, this is my car.  I drove it up here.
Look, Glenn, I know you cool, but you don't have to give me no tone of voice, okay?  You don't like what I'm saying, you can get out anywhere along here you want.
I don't have to prove shit to you. The Ripley job is <i>my</i> job.  You're either in or you're not.  You wanna pop some crack dealer pissed you off, that's your problem, not mine.
Right now, son.
What-- when?
Walk in a house with me, do this cross- dressin' nigga named Eddie Solomon I used to sell to been dealin' on his own.
Can I do what?
Yeah.  If you can step up and actually do it.  Understand?  'Stead of just talking the talk.
Me?
Thing I'm worried about is you.
You just ask me how we gonna do it. That's what I'm here for, tell you how.  We the experts.
Wait a minute.  I'm letting <i>you</i> in on this, not all your friends.
What?
I'll show you, soon as I get one more guy I'm gonna need, Moselle's brother, Kenneth.  Along with White Boy there.
So you still haven't said, how you wanna do it?
If they're not busted now, they're gonna be.  It's wide open.
You sure Foley and his pal aren't coming up here, do this themself?
It's lilac, man, the color, and the style's made known by Deion and other defensive backs in the pros.  I could be one of them living out here with doctors of my race and basketball players.  Okay, here comes Mr. Ripley's house up on the left.  Yeah.  The brick wall.  There's his drive, right there.
Sure, right, they see Bigfoot driving around a black guy wearing shades and a lavender fucking bandanna, no, they won't think anything of it.
Watch the road, boy.  I like this Town Car.  We can cruise the man's neighbourhood without getting the police or private security people on our ass.
Oh, I'm here, all right.  I'm very here. Question is, why aren't <u>you</u> here?
You there?
It's Richard Ripley.
Gimme another hint.
It's a guy you know.
Some<u>one</u>?  Gimme a hint.
I can't really go into it right now. I'll just tell you it's someone big.
Uh-huh.
I wanna talk to you about a job.
You crazy, come up <u>here</u>?  It's fuckin one degree outside.
Listen, Snoopy, I'm on my way up to Detroit and need a place to crash.
Studs.  Hey, son, you must be one a them psychic friends.  I was just thinkin' about you.
Snoopy.  Glenn Michaels.
We went out there, full SWAT, two choppers, the whole bit, but Linares started shooting anyway.  We put him down, but somehow Chirino got away.
Oh...
Foley?  Oh.  No, it was one of the Cubans.  Linares.
Great.  We got one of 'em.
How's it going?
He took the week off so we'd have time together.  So far he's worked on his boat every day.  Dad?  Ray Nicolet.
You look great.  Your dad taking good care of you?
Hi, Ray.
You wanted to tussle, we tussled.
What's wrong with you?
Just a minute.
Don't matter.  I let the monster out, you gonna do what it wants.
You're not my type.
You know your divisions.  You like the fights?  Like the rough stuff?  Yeah, I bet you do.  Like to get down and tussle a little bit?  Like me and Tuffy, before she got run over, we use to get down on the floor and tussle.  I say to her, "You a good dog, Tuffy, here's a treat for you."  And I give Tuffy what every dog love best.  You know what that is? A bone.  I can give you a bone, too, girl.
Flyweight.
Light to super-middleweight, as my body developed.  You go about what, bantam?
What'd you fight, middleweight?
I <i>was</i>...
I can tell.
How you know that?
You're a fighter?
The State Theater?
I don't know -- the gym, the fights. I <i>know</i> he don't miss the fights.  Having some tomorrow night at the State Theater.  He use to take me.
Where do you think I might find Maurice?
Was a she, name Tuffy.
What did you call it?
Got run over by a car.
Your dog was killed?
Well, <i>he</i> ain't even here that much.  I like to know where he goes, but at the same time I don't <i>want</i> to know, you understand?
He said he stayed with Maurice.
Here?  In this house?
He said he stayed here last November.
Glenn?  No, I don't know any Glenn.
No, I'm not.  Maybe you know him. Glenn Michaels?
You a lawyer?
No.
You not with probation, one of those?
I'm looking for a friend of mine I think Maurice knows.
Thanks.
You like to sit down?
That's Kenneth, my brother.  He's talking on the phone.
That's not Maurice?
You find him, tell him the dog got run over and I'm out of grocery money.
I'm looking for Maurice.
What do you want?
Moselle Miller?
My little girl, the tough babe.
He knew what he was doing.  Nobody forced him to rob banks.
I was just thinking... you could have a nice time with him on the plane -- like picking up where your interlude, or whatever you call it, left off. And then throw him in the can.
It's possible.  Why?
You gonna go get him?
None I'd like to share.
He doesn't seem to hold a grudge.  What <i>I</i> want to know is why, they got such a big score up north, did Foley hang around Miami for so long?  Any thoughts on that one?
So what I want to know is why Buddy still calls his sister every week even after she turned him in.
So?
Buddy's sister Regina Mary Bragg got two calls from Buddy up in Detroit this morning, called Burdon.  She's also the one gave Burdon Buddy's address.
I imagine you would've though.
I didn't have time.
You wave back?
I couldn't swear to it, but I'm pretty sure he did.
He waved to you?
Yeah, but you talked all the way from GCI to the turnpike.  It sounds more like a first date than a kidnapping.
Foley <i>kid</i>napped me.
You like the wild ones, don't you? Tillman, Nicolet and now Foley.  You know, I've always said there's a thin line between the cowboy cops and the armed robbers, all those guys that love to pack.
My married boyfriend - setting him up with that news story so you could talk about infidelity.  I couldn't believe it.
Maybe.  But you're also curious about the man.  Twice last night you asked your married boyfriend Nicolet about him.  You were concerned, but you didn't want to show it.
I want to bust his ass, put him in shackles.
But you know he's dirty and you still wanna see him again.
Not at all.
He remind you of that guy, Tillman?
He's pretty laid back, confident.
Remember, pay attention to how she talks about Foley, her tone.  Do it right, she'll tell you things she wouldn't tell Burdon.  Tell her you think he's a nice guy.  No, first tell her about being in the trunk with him, in the dark for half an hour, and see how she takes it.  If she's in on it, what does she get for all the aggravation; cops breathing on her?  I bet nothing.  So she still likes him enough to stick her neck out.  You think that's possible?  What kind of guy is he?
Hello?
Hello?  Yeah, she is.  Just a minute.  For you.
Off a tip?
Was it Foley?
I see that.
Ray's with the F.B.I. Task Force, working on the prison break.
No, he looks a lot...
No?
He doesn't even look like that.
Tell you what, you're a good girl, you might get another one for Christmas.
The Sig Sauer you got me for my birthday.
What are you thinking about?
Huh.
"Hey, yourself."
What'd I say?
You were talking in your sleep.
I'd like that.
How 'bout I come next Sunday and watch the Super Bowl with you?
We don't get to talk much any more.
I really gotta go.
You'd meet doctors, lawyers -- nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced.  Why settle for some cowboy cop who drinks too much and cheats on his wife?  That's the way those hotshots are, all of 'em.
Dad...
You used to like it.
No thanks.
You know you can always step in, work with me full-time as one of my investigators.
Serving process, a Summons and Complaint.  Some con doing mandatory life doesn't like macaroni and cheese. He files suit, says he has no choice in what they serve and it violates his civil rights.
What're you doing at Glades?
Can we change the subject?
Then they're not separated, are they?
He's about to.
Oh, he's moved out?
Technically.  They're separated.
He's still married though, huh?
He was.  Ray's with the F.B.I. now, he switched over.
Which one is that?  The ATF guy?
Can't.  I gotta drive out to Glades, then I'm meeting Ray Nicolet at ten.
Happy birthday, kid.  You want another Coke?
Thanks, Dad.
--Sig-Sauer .38.  I love it.
It's a --
It's beautiful.
Something better.  Open it.
You fit another Chanel suit in here?
The combination is three-ten-forty-four.
A'ight, this time we gotta get the motherfuckin' trajectory right...  Okay, on three:  One... Two...
Like a fag.
How do I look, mama?
Let's go upstairs, have a look at the man's bedroom.  All right now, you and Mr. Buddy check the rooms down here. Look at the wall behind any pictures hanging on it.  Look at the walls in the closets.  The man has a safe, it's gonna be up there somewhere.
I don't have any idea.
Where's Ripley's safe at, he keep his valuables in.
That's right, just me.
You here all by yourself?
When's he due back?
He's in Florida.  Palm Beach.
Out for the evening?
I told you, he isn't here.
Not yet.  Where's Mr. Ripley?
So the woman's married.  She goes to bed with this prison escapee because he misses his little girl and then tells the world about it.  But you don't reveal her name, you protect her.  It sounds like you're saying it's okay as long as her husband doesn't find out about it.  Like the guy who cheats on his wife, saying what she doesn't know won't hurt her.
The woman also said he stole her husband's gun, a twenty-two pistol, and some of his clothes.
That's how you score now?
I spoke to her.  The guy told her he missed his little girl and she felt sorry for him.
...She fixes him pork chops and rice, the next thing you know they're making love on the sofa.  She says he was very gentle.
Yeah, as soon as we got back.
Did you pay the guy the reward?
I knew it, soon as I saw they were offering a reward.
Yeah, someone spotted two of 'em in this hobo camp out by the airport, called the number--
No.  Course not.
In case no one knows what he does. Tell me, Ray, you ever wear one says, "Undercover"?
Likewise.
I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Sisco.
Where the fuck is Foley?
Foley's got it.
Forget about her.  Tell me where the money's at.
Midge.
Where you been hiding, Dick?
Are those <i>my</i> suits?
Well, if it isn't the Ripper hisself.
Yeah.  Sure.  It's all settled.
Excuse me.  Snoopy?  Did we settle the fish thing?
Still...
Faux goose down.
...and that extra pillow's gonna be an even three c's.
Well, I need that...
That Bausch & Lomb Saline shit you asked for is gonna be eighty bucks.
Whoever.  The point is, prices are goin' up, too.  Better get your little black book out, Richard.  We got some business to talk about.
I think it's Dunn & <u>Brad</u>street.  But then, I could be wrong...
Year ago, I come in here on credit card fraud, but after I shanked that loudmouth pussy on the yard the other day, my Dunn & Broadstreet, has gone way the fuck up.
What?
Not so fast, Dick.  Starting now, there's gonna be an across the board cost a living increase.
Thank you...
Are they dead?
...the fuck is this...
White Boy, the man's not gonna hide no diamonds under the fuckin' mattress.
I found a rubber.
I sent these two looking for him, they come back shaking their heads.
I think he must've fell in.
Uh-huh.  You recall, did it say dead or alive?
Ten gees.
White Boy, how much is the reward on the man again?
Jack Foley, famous bank robber.
We have a problem here?
He's been like that all day.  Hey Danny, you coming?
What is it with Red?  I've never seen him this way.
If Evelyn's here, the rest are here!
Are you sure they're here?
No, numbnuts, die.  You get your nurse alone, you look her in the eye, and say, "Baby, they're training me for war, and I don't know what'll happen.  But if I die tomorrow, I wanna know that we lived all we could tonight."  I've never known it to fail.
What, good-lookin' sumbitch?
That's your line for tonight, ya know.
You good-lookin' sumbitch...don't you EVER die!
You don't forget love, Honey.  Not ever.
I wish she could forget him.
No, I was.
He was that good?
Now listen, it's hands off Billy.  I mean, you can put your hands on him if you want to, but then my hands will break yours.
Ooo, she's thinking of her date!  Come on, you've been dating a pilot.  We want to know what we can expect.
We'll ask Evelyn.  Evelyn?  Evelyn!
Hide them?  On a date with pilots?  I'm talking about how you make them show!
You mean hiding them?
Do you have trouble with your boobs in the uniform?
Yeah.  But if I have to get something out, I c-can always s-s-s-  SIIING!
Nervous?
Only when I'm n-n-n-
Do you always stutter?
How would I know.
But...they called you Strange?  Because of Red Grange?  I don't get it.  Was Red Grange strange?
You know the football player, Red G- Grange?  Well the guys called me R-Red, cause you know, I'm red...and they thought I was strange, so, you know, Red G-Grange, Red Str-Strange.
Red...Strange?
He, I'm R-Red.  Red S-Strange.
Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter.
Are all the Yanks as anxious as you are to get yourself killed, Lieutenant?
If you're patching up bullet holes right here on the runway, maybe we should skip the housekeeping and get right to the planes.
Good on you, then, Rafe McCawley.  We'll get you situated in some quarters, and then introduce you to the equipment you'll be flying.
That's me, Sir.
On loan from Colonel Doolittle, is it?
I wasn't gonna apologize, Sir.  I was just gonna say it was worth it to feel like a real pilot again, even if it was only for five seconds.
Too late for apologies, Walker.
Sir, I --
You'll love it.  No base, no bars, just lots of sun and aircraft maintenance.
Hale-what?
I don't buy that hot dog shit.  So you and your buddies are gonna transfer your planes up to Haleiwa.
Sir?
Oh yeah.  I liked it so much I'm cutting you out of the squadron.
You liked that?
That was a nice little stunt you pulled, buzzing the base.
Yes Sir.
You're Walker, right?
You guys know her?!  I gotta have an intro!  Man, I'd like to --
Rafe's girl, Evelyn?
Mai-tai's.  I got this to tell ya, about mai-tai's.
Yeah.
What the hell happened to you guys?
The one that slept in my mouth last night.
What lizard?
Where's that lizard?
Hey.  You.  Mr. Coma.
Yeah, but he was wearing shoes!
Well, you p-puked on his feet.
Shit, he's puking on my feet!
You guys are new?
I th-think I'm gonna like it here.
No, like...
A m-missionary?
Ever hear of mai-tai's?  Comes in a big...pot.  Like...like...
He did.
Who the fuck taught you to fly?
Anthony, Red, stay with the guns!  Coma, you cover the cannons!  Joe, Theo, come with us!  Earl, you get on the radio! We're gonna fight these fuckers.
Danny, I don't like this fuckin' guy.
Of the four left, only one is full of fuel.
Earl!  You said the planes were ready but -- but what?
You guys get those!  Earl, Rafe, come with me!
Cock-suckin' right I do!!  In the gun lockers!
They'll all fly, but -- oh, shit...
They ready, Earl?
Yes you can.
I can't make it.
Danny...
Home of the Brave.
And I'm on yours.  Land of the free.
We'll get separated over the target, but you and I will rendezvous for the run to China.  I'm on your wing.
Broomsticks instead of tail guns.
Longer?  It's getting shorter.
It's not getting any longer.
We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel.  I got another Chinese phrase for Doolittle. "Mug wump rickshaw mushu pork."  It means "Who the fuck thought up this shit?"
They'll turn the ship into the wind before we launch.  That'll help.
It's shorter than our practice runway.
What's between you and her is between you and her.  But here's what's between you and me.  Everybody has a hero, Danny. And you're mine.
Maybe just trying to measure up.
Bullshit.  We've played with each other, pushed each other.  This is different. Like you want to prove that you're better than me.  Who's that for -- Evelyn?
We've always tried to beat each other.
No.  You're trying to beat me.
What do you mean?  I'm just doing what we've always done.
Danny, what the hell are you trying to do out there?
Fun today.  Like old times.
What color flowers you want me to bring to your funeral?
Sorry you're gonna die -- cause I'm gonna make it.
I'm out of fuel!
I'm out of ammo!
Home of the brave.
Land of the free.
Little less.
I got a half a tank.  You?
Yeah.  So you can call me if you need help.
You hear my okay?
Bet they don't dust crops in Japan.
They're all over us!
Tighter 'n a bulls ass in fly season. Don't hit the barn.
It's tight.
They're coming around for another pass. You got extra weapons and ammo?
This ain't a little feud, Earl, it's World War Two!
Six P-40's.
What's there?
Auxiliary field at Haleiwa, ten miles north of here.
Where are we going?
Come on!
Get me into a plane!
How sweet.  Is that when you put the move on her?
She said I was so much like you.  I said, No, I'm not.  I'm like I am because of you, but I'm not you, not as good as you. Everybody else saw me as a loser with a big chip on his shoulder.  But you saw the better part of me, the part of me that could be like you, and changed me. You made me who I am.
She loves you.  I know that.  And part of what she loves in me is how much of you she sees in me.
Fuck you.
Don't blame her, Rafe.  It's not like you're thinking.
I guess I'm used to it.  I've felt like throwing up every minute since you got back.
How come you're not pukin'?
How's this for a fact?  I loved her first.
You left her.  How's that for a fact?
I'm saying now you do know.  So it's time for you to fuck off.
So what are you saying?
Yeah, right.  Anyway, you didn't know.
I was grieving too.
I understand how it could happen.  I know why any guy would love her.  And I can't blame you that it happened.  You thought I was dead, she was grieving, you were trying to help her.
What facts are those?
We gotta face some facts here.
If you can't keep up, don't drink yours.
You don't wanna put beer over mai-tai.
Waitress!  Four beers!
Sure you did.  So come on.  Say what you think.
I didn't mean it.
Why be sorry?  That's what you feel, it's better to come out with it.
Sorry.
Let's go get a drink.  Unless you're scared to talk about it.
Upset?  Why should I be upset?
You'd always go sit in a plane whenever you were upset.
It's a test.  If I asked her to come and she came, it wouldn't tell me anything. If I tell her not to come, and she comes...then I know she loves me.
Then why are you looking for her?
Yeah.
Didn't you say you told her not to come?
Some other time.  I don't feel like a party.
I have to talk to Evelyn.  And I want you to meet her.
Nah, you go on.
Danny, you know how many times I saw you come to school with a black eye or a busted nose, and couldn't do a thing about it -- for you, or for your mother... or your father, with his lungs scorched out with mustard gas, and more left of his lungs than there was of his spirit? You've made your sacrifice, Danny.  It's time I made mine.
Don't make this a joke, Rafe.  You're talking about war, and I know what war does to people.
I'm sorry, Danny, but they're only accepting the best pilots.
I don't mean how'd you do the paperwork, I mean how the hell did you do it without letting me in on it?
The Colonel helped me work it out.
How could you do this?
Hey, you wanna test my limits, you better line up a couple dozen women on the GROUND...cause I got NO limits in the air!
Didn't you say test the limits?
There's another one!
Home of the brave!
Land of the free...
Good shooting, Rafe!
Good shooting, Danny!
Kill the bastards!
It's Germans!
Power dive!
Bandits at 2 o'clock.
We got a saying here.  A-low-HA!
Yeah.
Who's gonna to that?  Japan is four thousand miles away.  So you guys just arrived, huh?
What about easier to hit in an air raid?
The brass is afraid of sabotage.  This makes 'em easier to protect -- and easier to service.
Hey!  What is this, the planes all bunched up like that?
Hang on.
So beautiful!
From the air?
Well...sure.
Hey, have you seen Pearl Harbor at night?
He told me he didn't want to leave me with regret.  Now that's all I have.
Sorry.
I swore not to talk about him tonight, but there's all this stuff I think I ought to tell you, that he didn't get a chance to.  Rafe was...he was lonely.  He had such high expectations of himself that he always felt empty.  The week he met you he told me he felt his heart had always lived in winter, and for the first time in his life he has seen the spring.
I was just thinking that war is a series of goodbyes.  Do you think that's why we're meeting.  To help us say goodbye to Rafe?
That might not have been such a good idea.  They're making us fly out of a half-paved airfield.  The real punishment is that I won't be back to the barracks till it's too late for dinner or coffee. So I guess it's goodbye for awhile.
We got some soldiers in traction from a jeep accident, but it's quiet.  Except for the occasional fighter plane buzzing us.
How's everything?
...He said that?
He said you're the only one he ever saw who was better in the air than him.
I taught him to drink beer.  He taught me how to fly.
You were more like brothers.
Rafe's folks had a crop dusting business, owned their own planes.  Real straight, frugal.  My father was the town drunk. Went to sleep one night on the railroad tracks and was still there when the Dawn Express came along.  Rafe and I were the only ones at the funeral.  He took me back to his house, and I never left.
He told me about you.  That he had no other friend like you.
Before Rafe left, he asked me to be the one to tell you, if it happened.
Were.  Isn't that what you mean?  Were. Because he's dead, isn't he?  And that's why you've come.
Lieutenant... I'm Danny Walker.  I'm Rafe McCawley's best friend.
Y-Yes Sir.
No baseball diamonds, Red.
Colonel, to f-fight you need strategy. To have strategy, ya gotta practice.  And to practice it, ya gotta play --
I'd like to bomb their Emperor too.  But I think that'd just piss 'em off.  The idea here, Gentlemen, is not revenge. We're here to prove to them that they're neither invincible nor superior.  So let's try this again.  Military targets only.
I d-don't think Japs ought'a be allowed to p-play baseball.
Now we have fifteen requests for the Emperor's Palace...and one for Tokyo baseball stadium.
I have a phrase I want you all to memorize:  "Lushu hoo megwa fugi."  It means "I am an American."  In Chinese.
Then wh-where do we land?
We won't have the fuel to get back to the carriers; they'll turn and run back to Hawaii the minute we're airborne.
C-Colonel, we been p-practicing takeoff's, but I ain't sure we can land on these carriers d-decks.
The navy will get us to within 400 miles of the Japanese coast.  We'll launch off the carriers from there.
And where's the secret base, Sir?  The one we t-takeoff from.
I know.
Colonel...we're all going.  Whether you make it or not.
Listen you guys.  I'm the first plane -- then McCawley, Walker, the rest of you. I'll have the shortest run.  If I don't make it, you don't go.
I take it back, about the flowers.  We're all gonna die.
I thought I'd made it clear, I'm not just putting this mission together -- I'm leading it myself.
I want to introduce a couple of people. Doc White is a flight surgeon; he has volunteered for gunnery training so that he can go on the mission, because we can't spare the weight of an extra man.
Bombers.
In flight school you qualified in single and in multi-engine planes.  You'll be flying multi-engines here.
Top secret means you help me pick the other pilots, train, and go -- without knowing where you're going until it's too late.
Well sure, Colonel --
You're just about the only pilots in the Army with actual combat experience, so you're volunteering for a mission I've been ordered to put together.  Do you know what top secret is?
Is that the good new, Sir, or --
Explain what?
We can explain, Colonel.
I heard what you did.
Thank you, Sir.
Good luck over there McCawley.  I admire your decision.
Thank you, Sir.
That's bullshit, son.  But it's really good bullshit.
Never, Sir.  I just meant it's dangerous only for the kind of pilot who wants to show off, rather than inspire the other pilots in his unit.  And all you've done for me, Sir, working out the transfer, I did it to say thanks.  To honor you, Sir. What the French call a "homage."
Don't get smart with me, son.
How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if you were the first man in the world to do it?
There are some people who think the outside loop is reckless and irresponsible.
You too, 'Mam.
You take care, Dorie.
I left my Mama and joined the Navy to be a man.  They made me a cook -- and not even that, really -- I clean up after the other sailors eat.  I shine the officer's shoes.  In two years, they've never even let me fire a gun.
Tell me something, Dorie.  A man as big as you -- and smart too, you knew where to come when your ship couldn't help -- do you still have to fight with your fists to get respect?
Thank you, 'Mam.
Respect.
What do you get for winning?
Every other Sunday.  I'm heavyweight champion of the West Virginia.
How often you fight like this?
I'm Evelyn.  And I'm just a nurse.  But I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs sewing, or else it's gonna make a big lumpy scar.  Whatta ya say?
Dorie Miller, 'Mam.
What's your name?
Yes'm.
Win?
Boxin'.
How'd you get this?
Wait, let me look at that... You better come in here.
Sorry to trouble you.
Our doctor's gone too.
'Scuse me, 'Mam.  All the ship's doctors is golfing, and I couldn't find nobody to look at this.
It was.  I couldn't have you go away, wherever it is...to war...without knowing something.  You think I made a choice, of Danny over you.  I didn't.  I didn't have a choice.  I'm pregnant.
It must of been a convincing letter.
They were bringing back a ship full of wounded and needed extra nurses along.  I wrote Colonel Doolittle, and told him I needed to see you before you go.
What?...
That's what I have to tell you, Rafe.  It wasn't a choice.  It --
Of course I forgive you.  I know what you feel for Danny is real.  And your choice is your choice.
Rafe... No.  You forgive me.
I need to tell you something.  I didn't know what it was to lose somebody, to see death and find how much it scares you. That you haven't lived and loved enough. I didn't understand.  Forgive me.
Rafe --
There's nothing you can do here, they'll die or they won't, we just --
What else can we do?
It's not that I didn't mean everything I wrote.  It's just that -- I thought you were dead.  And now --
Don't worry about that.  Guys away from home, lonely, good-hearted women try to cheer them up.
It's not your fault, Rafe.  The letter I wrote you, they --
It's all right.  Danny always said I see things with my emotions instead of my eyes.
I'm so sorry for what you must've gone through, but I'm back.
It's been...so different, being so sure you were dead.
Nothing that won't heal.  I guess.
I'm just...so amazed, so glad to know that you're okay.  You are okay, aren't you?
I called my folks, then Colonel Doolittle.  The Colonel sent a man to pick me up.  They wanted to debrief me. I told the Colonel I needed to see somebody first, and he had a supply flight heading out in an hour.  I've done a lot of talking.  You haven't said anything.
...Survive?  I jumped in a patch of fog, and nobody could see me.  I hit the water hard.  And it was so...cold.
How did you?...
I saw you, I couldn't go in, I...just stood there wondering if you knew.  You looked...sad, and I had to sit down a minute.
Why were you sitting here, instead of...
I sent telegrams, I guess the military traffic held them up.
Do one thing for me, before you go.
Maybe not.  But I need you to know.  I love you.  And I will come back.  I'll find a way.  And then we'll get a chance to know if what I felt the first moment I saw you, and every minute since then, is real.
I don't know if you can choose that, Rafe.
Evelyn...you know the line -- let's make tonight memorable.  What I feel about you makes it impossible for me to say something like that.  If I don't come back, I don't want to saddle you with regret and sadness you'll carry the rest of your life.
I had to tell you in person.  Because there's something else I need to say.
You waited til tonight to tell me?
Colonel Doolittle pulled the strings, and put me on loan to the R.A.F.  They need pilots, and we need experience.  I leave tomorrow.
But you're in the U.S. Army, how could you --
I'm going to the war.  The real war. Hitler's taken Europe.  The Brits are hanging on by their fingernails, and If they lose, there'll be more people killed than anybody can imagine.  And not just there, but here.
We're all going away.
There's one thing I have to say.  I'm going away.
It surprises me that I'm not the only one on this balcony who feels that way.
The only reason it's hard to say is that I keep thinking I don't have the right to say it.  But I've got to because it's true.  I love you.  That must surprise you.
Whatever you're trying to tell me isn't good, is it.  Or it wouldn't be so hard to say.
I was hoping to meet him.
No, he...got some news today.  He'll be okay, he just didn't feel like coming tonight.
Danny's not coming?
Nice to meet you, Betty.
Oh, this is Betty.
You too, Lieutenant.
Hello, Lieutenant.  Good to see you.
And if we fail, and lose our carriers, we destroy our ability to fight them at all.  As soon as the second wave returns, we will withdraw.
If we launch the third wave and annihilate their fuel depots, we destroy their ability to operate in the Pacific for at least a year!
The second wave has not returned.  And we have no idea where their carriers are. What is the damage report?
We have achieved complete surprise!  The first wave is returning, the second is attacking now, and we have lost only a few planes.  We can launch a third wave, Admiral.
We must go ahead.  This is our moment.
We have a fighter screen up, in case we are attacked, Admiral.
We have achieved surprise, but their carriers are not in port.  I don't like this.
A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war.
Brilliant, Admiral.
Set up teams of radio operators to send out messages the Americans will intercept, concerning every potential American target in the Pacific.  Include Hawaii -- the clutter will be more confusing that way.
If we achieve surprise, they will offer little resistance.
Everything real except the fact that no one is shooting back at us.
I have arranged a live fire drill -- with your permission.
Uncharged torpedoes have different balance.
God help them.
The Chinese are sending out search parties to try to find the crews before the Jap patrols do, if any of the planes make it.
So those brave men are flying blind and running out of fuel.
There've been some complications, Sir. The Chinese didn't receive our request for homing beacons until is was too late to get them set.  And the planes had to take off so early they may lack fuel to make the mainland anyway.
Have the planes made it to China?
We have bombed Tokyo, Mr. President. Radio Tokyo interrupted it's own broadcast to make the announcement.
We've done studies.  We're confident we would turn them back eventually...after they'd gotten as far as Chicago.
What if the Japanese did invade?
Crank her!
I have'na been able ta --
Fook ya dooble!
Learn English, then!
Fook ya!
And if you don't give me a plane that can handle combat, you better start learning to speak German.
If ye'd wanted a bloody Cadillac ya should'a stayed in the bloody States!
All of 'em.
Well which of those three ya want fixed?
The struts are loose, the hydraulics are leaking, and the electrical system's shorting out in the cockpit.
Leapin' Jesus!
The Americans themselves have made it possible.  We will annihilate them in a single attack -- at Pearl Harbor.
You see us as capable of such a blow?
The Council knows I have opposed fighting the Americans.  No matter how great our resolve, they have resources beyond ours. If we must go to war, there is only one way -- deal them a blow from which it will take them years to recover.  In that time we can conquer all of the Pacific, and they will have no choice but to ask for peace.
You have something to say, Yamamoto?
The time has come to strike!  Or to sit and let the Americans cut off our oil and our future.  I know what you whisper to the others, Yamamoto -- that the Americans are strong.  Yet look at their leader.
If knowledge of opponents and careful calculation of danger is taken as weakness then I have misunderstood what it means to be Japanese.
So you join us, Admiral.  Some of us thought your education at an American university would make you too weak to fight the Americans.
It's her 18th birthday, I want to show her off.
What's Peggy Sue going to do at your lodge meeting?
I've been trying to drag it out of her for years.  You know, dreams are fascinating business. 'Specially where you see the future.
I'm not telling.
What's it going to be, Elizabeth? Seventy—five? Eighty?
I've already got some in. I was thinking of making a pie for dinner tonight.  How would you like that?
Quite a bit more rain than usual this year. I hope it doesn't spoil the rhubarb.
Peggy Sue!
Hello, Lilla!
It wouldn't be a lodge without hats.
Do you have to wear that hat?
The last one was six hundred years ago. It's about time for another one.
I hope so. At least I got to see you and Grandma.  Has it ever worked before?
I may be an old fool, but I think we can help you.
Stag movies. Smokers.
What does Grandma think you do at your meetings?
Good—bye, Grandma.
Let's go.
I'd take better care of my teeth.
Grandpa, if you had a chance to do it all again, what would you do?
It's your grandma's strudel that's kept this family together.
That never changes.  You know, when you and Grandma are gone, the family's gone. I never see the cousins anymore.
It's gonna rain again. Every time I wash the car, it rains.
I remember that book!  Grandpa, Grandma, I want to tell you something.
Well, I like to speculate. This book I'm reading right now, a woman in Colorado says she lived in Ireland a hundred and fifty years ago. Her name was Bridey Murphy- and she gives names and dates and where she lived. She was hypnotized. Big bestseller.
Do you believe in all of that?
I don't know. Reunions do funny things to people.
Why are you so nervous? What is the matter with you today?
I feel ridiculous. Maybe I should go home and change.
Not from the guy with the lowest prices in town.
Mom, lots of people are separated and divorced.
Borrow?! This was my dress.  Maybe it's a mistake. What if I'm the only one? I don't even want to go. Everybody's just going to say...  Hi.. Where's Crazy Charlie?
Hey, you're a hip chick. You look like you stepped right out of Life magazine. Any time you want to borrow it again, just ask.
Then we'd both have a miserable time. What do you think?
Come on Mom. Give him a break. He's missing the reunion because of you. You know he wants to go.
But I want you and Scott to understand.  Do you think he loves Janet? Maybe he's smashed too many fortune cookies.
It looks great. Don't change the subject. You know how busy Saturdays are. And I can't do the icing. I always mess up the roses. You're not being very responsible.
How do you like my hair?
r was worried about you  You didn't even call. You're always on my case if I don't call..
This is my old friend Carol.. I told you about her.
Where were you? You said you'd be back at twelve.
Look, Carol, maybe Walter's done you a big favor. You always said you wanted to get out of town. Go for it. And be happy, goddamnit, I'm rooting for you.
What a I going to do for the rest of my life? I don't have a boyfriend anymore.
Welcome to the singles' scene.
After Charlie told Walter that he broke up with you because he wanted to play the field, Walter decided he should do the same thing.
What happened?
It's that jerk Walter.
What's the matter?
Aren't we a little old for that?
Okay. But let's have a girls night soon. Maybe a pajama party.
That loud—mouthed little bitch~
I bet Dolores told Charlie.
Come on. What's with you and Michael?
You're kidding...? Carol, you have beautiful hair.
Just what you underlined.
Did you memorize the whole book or only the good parts?
On what?
All right. What's the scoop?
He does?
Yeah. You're so lucky. He really loves you, too. He's always telling Walter how wonderful you are.
He is kind of cute, isn't he?
That's because you' re not a total moron like they are.
I don't get it.
Yes. Let's stay in touch.
I'll call you Later.
That's okay. I'm sure I'll remember the way.
We're going to take you home.
Maddy, what did you do to your hair?
Were taking you back to the nurse.
Where is it?
Go on. You can do it.
I can't. It's all too much.
They're waiting. Come on.
Well, besides Charlie, of course.
The only one?
Who knows. Remember...  Whatever Walter wants...
Your first boyfriend. What do you think? Any sparks left?
Hi, Peggy. God, that Walter Getz	can still dance.
Wouldn't we all.
Oh, it's not so bad. I have two wonderful kids, my own business.  Still, knowing what I know now, if I had the chance to do it all over again, I'd sure do things a lot differently.
After you got knocked up, my mother didn't want me to talk to you. She thought it was contagious.
It's not the place. I don't buy that.  Trapped in the same town forever. The price she would pay for her teenage lust.
You should have left here years ago, like I did.
So he started having affairs, and you got depressed.
We did for a long time. We just got married too young, and ended up blaming each other for missing out on things.
You just have to remember... men are like houses and trade upwards... I thought you had a pretty good marriage.
I don't know how you do it. I've never even dated anybody but Charlie.
Welcome to the singles scene.
You're probably the only one who could carry it off.
1 just did it for the reunion. I thought it would be fun.
Peggy Sue!
Carol!
Yeah. I've gotta go. Arthur's picking me up soon.
Don't be silly. It's Saturday. Date night!
You better watch out for her. She's after Charlie.
Peggy Sue!
) Oh, Maddy, grow up. It says in LOVE WITHOUT FEAR that "the tongue kiss as a means of genital stimulation is widely practiced and has much to commend it". Page eighty—six.
That's disgusting!
I hear she does more than talk with her mouth.
Maybe they'll be the next Dion and the Belmonts.
Charlie really has a great voice.
Why do guys do such stupid things?
Can you believe I want to marry that dork.
Michael Fitzsimmons! Is he here?
Lucky lady. Hi.
Listen, I don't expect all the troubles between us can just vanish away. But I would do what I can...
Don't try to charm me, Charlie Bodell.
I loved you since the day I met you, and I haven't stopped.
Then hold me.
I'll never give up.
You were terrific.  And I kept trying to push you away but you wouldn't give up.
Oh, God, Dion.
Charlie, I had a strange experience.  I went back to high school. And I spent a lot of time with you.  And you and Walter and Leon were singing "I Wonder Why".
I'll just set it right here.
It couldn't be me.  I hardly knew him.
That's over. I got tired of translating everything. She thought the Big Hopper was a hamburger.
What about Janet?
I wanted to apologize. I can't live without you.
Charlie, I thought I knew everything about you.
But happy. Very happy, Peggy Sue.
You look awful, like you haven't slept in days. And so old.
I thought you were...for a while.
Charlie? Was I dead?
. Peggy Sue, I love you, and I need you Peggy Sue...
I'm trying.
Come back to me.
I'll love you, too, Charlie. I'll love you for twenty years.
But I love you. I'll love you forever.
I've got to go now.
Peggy! Where're you going? Come back!
What the hell is that?
Do you think anybody in the Fifties ever made love on a bed?
I think we should get out of here. It's going to rain.
I know.
I love you.
It opens, too. Look inside.
Oh, Charlie.
Of course.
Will you take me back to my grandparents?
I might be crazy, but I'm not crazy enough to marry you twice. There's a lot of things I can't change. I can't even think about them. I tried. But I couldn't even help Rosalie.  I don't want to be bitter. I'm a naturally optimistic person. But you took advantage of that.
You're crazy! You're really out of your mind!
You betrayed me, Charlie. You were never there for me or the children. And now you come and tell me, "Peggy, you're scared." Of course I'm scared. If you knew what I knew you'd be scared shitless.
What?
What do you mean you and my father decided? Who the hell are you to plan my life? Let's get married and live happily ever after. Bullshit. I got knocked up. I had to marry you. I never had a choice.
How could you possibly know what I've been going through?
Look. I wanna tell you. I forgive you for everything. I know what you've been going through. You're just scared. I was scared, too, but I'm not anymore.
Right here. Now sit down.
Let me got! Where are you taking me?
You're going to listen to me.
Don't be ridiculous! They're just a bunch of harmless old men. My grandfather was in there.
I was trying to save you. They were going to vaporize you.
What the hell did you do that for? What are you doing here?
Okay. Listen, I cancelled the tickets for Fabian. I thought it would be better for your birthday to eat at a nice restaurant, Chez Tres.
Forget it, it'll never work.
That's all I wanted to hear. 'Cause I'm never going to give up on us. It's easy to fall apart in a crisis. It's easy to be selfish and say goodbye and good luck. But this is more than love. This is a mental decision. Just wait till tomorrow, when you see your birthday present. Then you'll understand.
It means I care about you and what happens to you.
Does this mean you like me again?
If you took the trouble to write it, then sure, I'll take a look at it. But I'm beginning to think that maybe there's more to life than music. I wonder if people would still like me if I stopped being Mr. Excitement?
Just take a look at it. 
Fat chance. You know, Lee Wilkins came to hear me last night. He told me to forget it. You told me to forget it. My parents tell me to forget it.
Not exactly, but with your great voice, it'll be a huge hit. Honest.
You're kidding. You wrote a song? Is it about a guilty girl and a trusting guy... she wants to hurt him, and he wonders why?
Stop being defensive. I want to help you. I wrote a song for you.
That's real big of you.
I'd forgotten how much music meant to you.
Hey. I guess there's a lot of things we don't know about each other.
What were You doing there? You never told me you were singing with an R and B group.
Not terrific enough. What were you doing in that part of town? Who were you with?
I was at Lena's last night. You were terrific.
How'd you know about that?
Well, how about a walk, Charlie Bell..
Sorry, the Blue Thunder's out of commission for a while.
Oh. I guess I always liked Rusty better.  Could you give me a ride to school?
Rusty's dead. That's Ajax
I wanted to talk to you, and I have one last thing to take care of at school. Then I'm going to...  Good dog, Rusty. Good dog.
What're you doing here?
You don't know zip! You think I'm going to end up selling appliances like my father? Chasing women around the store. I've got to give it a shot. Why are you trying to kill the two things that mean the most to me? Until yesterday you loved me and you loved us.  ) What the hell has changed? For two years I've done nothing but love you. I'll show you, I'm going to be just like Fabian!
I'm trying to save you years of frustration... waiting for a big break... no. Waiting for that big disappointment so you could blame it all on me.
What! What about the group and my singing career? What about me?
Everything. I have a good head for business, I should be franchising the bakery. And I want you to give me your word that whatever happens, you'll go to college. And finish.
But what has to be different?
That's just it. You can always get to me. There's this window in my heart and every time I leave it open, you climb in. Unless I close it now, nothing's ever going to be different!
What about everything I said to you this afternoon...
I just can't trust you anymore.
What are you talking about? Who's Janet?
That won't make any difference. We just can't live together. And you had the nerve to drive up with that bimbo Janet.
I will be happy if I have you. I love you.
Charlie,. I've been trying to postpone this. But what's the point? It's over.  I don't want to hurt you. This is very hard for me. I'm doing this for both of us. I really want you to be happy.
Look, I've got the hair, got the eyes, got the teeth, I got the car. I'm the lead singer, I'm the man.
And why do you always refer to yourself in the third person, like Napoleon? How come it always turns into an argument with you?
You're going to blow it, Peggy Sue. Nobody treats Charlie Bodell like this.
You know I never could stand your sarcasm.
Then it's true, dammit! I had a miserable time tonight 'cause of you. When the Monotones did "Book of Love —— Chapter Four you break up, won't you give it just one more chance..." I'm thinking Did we break up? 'Cause if we did, I don't even know about it!. I thought we cleared all that up yesterday. Did that Maynard G. Beatnik give you what you wanted?
I bumped into him after you dropped me off Last night. I didn't feel like going home, so we went for a ride.
I want to know what's going on. Dolores told me that you and that scuzzball Michael Fitzsimmons...
Let's go down to the basement.
What are you doing here?
I have to talk to you..
Charlie. I just had the strangest dream.
Don't be cruel to a heart that's true.
What am I going to do with you?
Because nothing else matters. That's the great thing about love. Every time we argue, every time something goes wrong, and I know that I'm not perfect either, things just work out better in the end. Cause you're my baby and I love you.
Why?
Yeah, I know. Girls mature faster than guys. But last night, I was the one who put on the brakes. And you know why?
But I'm not. I'm a grown woman with a lifetime of emotional experiences you couldn't possibly understand.
Forget it. I've been thinking. Girls must go through that stuff too. Sometimes when I look at you I feel like an animal. Maybe my dad's right. Teenagers are nuts.
Charlie. About last nights..
Nothing.. Selling is selling.
What do you know about classical music?
Save it.
I'm sorry Charlie.
You're damn right! Jesus! Peggy! You sure know how to spoil a mood.
This is a mistake. We better forget it.
You mean my wang? Listen, it's running real late.
You know. Your love machine... the throbbing thrill hammer... your thing!
Who?
I probably meant it when I said it.  Doesn't Lucky Chuckie want to come out?
But you're the one who wanted to wait till we got married. And you were right. We should wait.
A lot's happened since last weekend.
What?! You mean sex?! Intercourse?  You want to have intercourse! Last weekend you said... What time is it?
Charlie, let's make love.
You know I do.  I even wrote you into my will.
You really love me, don't you?
Your eyes look like silver pools of moonlight.  And the tide rushes in.
Mmm. This is nice.  I always loved the way you kiss.  I missed you.
Yeah I know.  But I don't have to flatter you.  It just feels right. You're the perfect girl for me.  As in is, was and always will be.  I'm glad dancing was invented.  You know the first dances were rituals. Like fertility rites.
You're pretty charming when you want to be.
There isn't a girl in school that can hold a candle to you..
Come on, let's dance.
Hey! Who needs physics when we've got chemistry?
He's trying.
Is he gonna help you with that physics stuff?
Charlie, what do you think of Richard Norvik?
Seriously. What's it like to be eighteen?
I'm fine Peggy Sue. And how are you? Are we talking on the phone? Are we pen pals?
Charlie, how are you?
Is this slow enough for you?
Right. I promised my mother.
Hey! What's the fun of being a teenager if you can't dress weird? And we're going to have fun tonight, right?
It's really Fifties. You sort of clash with the world.
Great, isn't it?
Where did you get that sweater?
Good.
Yeah. Like that.
Rejected, worthless, miserable.
In the abstract maybe. Get a grip on yourself! But when I imagine you going out with other guys, I feel... ah...
I thought it had a lot of merit.
I noticed you were giving me the silent treatment at lunch. I guess I deserved it. I've been thinking about my three year plan and I think it's unworkable. I must have been delirious.
Thanks.
Looking good out there.
Would I?!! Why I oughta...
Would you?
Want me to drive you home later?
They'll learn to live with it.
Well, we got the prom coming up, all these parties. We shouldn't upset our parents?
Why wait?
It's not going to be forever. I figure three years is long enough. I can see it the music pans out.  And right after graduation we should start seeing other people. Kind of comparison shop before we settle down and get married. Know what I mean?
I can understand that.. But please don't start crying again.
Maybe I blocked it out.
How could you forget? We talk about seeing other people and you forget?
Refresh my memory.
You know. About what we said on Tuesday. It makes a lot of sense.
Oh yeah?
Not that I'm glad you were sick, but I had a chance to do some thinking last night.
I call this the staccato. 
You drive like a maniac!
Hey, I can take a hint. You look great today.
Not now, Charlie. I've got a headache. Get used to the word. Roll it around your tongue for a years.
Pretty strange.
How do you feel?
No. You are the undead. You will live forever if you give me your Twinkie.  Come on, let's have it. You hate them anyway.
Charlie! Am I dead?
I vant to suck your blood. I also vant to suck your Twinkie.
I'm not going.
Are you taking Janet to the reunion tonight?
I'll think of a way to sell, them.  One day.
I know. Put Scott through college.
You don't want them? They're going to make a big comeback any minute. Mark my words, these lamps are going to...
I don't buy them anymore. You were the only one who drank them.
You got a Tab?
Jesus, Peggy. Take it easy. I'm not used to that stuff. You always did the bills. Blame the damn post office.
Well, today's Saturday and it's still not here.
I mailed it to you on Wednesday.
I'm still waiting for the mortgage check.
Come off it, Peggy. And what do you mean your house? This is my house. I paid for it, I'm still paying for it.
There's something pathetic parked in front of my house.
And nothing will ever change that.
Yeah. Come on Charlie, turn it off.
But you love me don't you?
I can't. I'm too embarrassed.
Come on Peggy. Say what we rehearsed.
...to record how much we love each other. Sitting beside me is the cutest majorette in the history of the world. And she would Like to say something.
Charlie...
We're here on the sofa bed...
Don't say that...
And we're here on the couch...
Of course.
Show her a good time, but for God's sake restrain yourself.
What would that be, sir?
We think this party might cheer her up. Just make sure you know what's expected of you.
Yes, sir. Trust is a two—way street. In the past two years I've been pleased to note that you and Mrs. Kelcher have, uh, fulfilled your sacred trust of being good parents to the, uh, woman I plan to take off your hands.
Charles, in spite of your adolescent infatuation with music, we've always regarded you a a fine young man. We've trusted you with our daughter.
Yes, sir. But that's what I like about her. She's not like all the other girls at school.
She seems confused, irresponsible, overemotional. My wife says that's the way girls act sometimes.
Yes, sir.
Fine, thanks. Come on in. I want to talk to you.
Hello, sir. How are things at the hat store?
Hello, Charlie.
Have a nice day.
Take a long walk on a short pier.
I beg your pardon?
Oh! You did that on purpose! I hate you. Go gargle with razor blades!
Sorry. These fountain pens are so tricky.
Touchy, touchy!
Are you for real?
Dolores, can't you be a little kinder to people? You don't even know the boy. If you weren't so neurotic and insecure, maybe you'd shut up for a while and show some compassion.
God, Peggy, you're so unformed you're practically fetal. You're just taking pity on him 'cause he has no friends.
First of all, Richard is not a creep. He happens to be an exceptional person. If any of you gave him half a chance, you'd find that out.
Carol and I saw you with that creep, Richard, today.
Test?
Did you study for the test?
First a nerd and then a weirdo. What a bunch of nose pickers. I'll tell Charlie.
That commie beatnik? What's she doing with him? Wait'll I tell Charlie.
There's Peggy with Michael Fitzsimmons.
What, why?
Terry! Slow down.
Okay.
Terry, slow down.
What if we're witnessing the end of touch dancing?
Hey Terry, what is that?  Did Peggy make it up?  I've never seen that on Bandstand.
He won't tell me, but I've got my suspicions. And I don't want any of that. Don't keep her out late.
It was my idea, Grandma. I always wondered what went on at those lodge meetings.
My children make me happy. I miss them so much.  Beth. Scott and Beth.  I'm going to name my daughter after you.
Right now you're just browsing through time. Choose the things you'll be proud of. The things that Last.
But I'm remembering the future.
If you believe it, darling, then I believe. Being young can be just as confusing as being old. The things that happened to me fifty years ago are more on my mind than what happened yesterday.
I'm not afraid. I know exactly when I'm going to die.
I wish she hadn't.
You know, Peggy Sue, your mother said you had a dream that I died.
That's a day's work. But if that's what you want, maybe we can do it tomorrow for your birthday.
Fine.  ) Grandma, would you teach me how to make strudel?
I'm not going to marry him. I just went out with him once.  I know! Why don't we go to the movies tonight. Just us girls. It'll be fun.
But I always thought that you would marry Charlie, Carol would marry Walter, and I would marry Arthur. We'd all live on the same street and take our kids to the park together and have barbecues every Sunday. It'll spoil everything if you and Charlie break up. That Michael doesn't look like the barbecue type.
Cool it kids. He's free to see other girls, if he wants.
He's very interesting. For all his pretending to be a tough guy, he's really got the soul of a poet.
Yeah. He's so cool and mysterious.
She's unbelievable. Who needs satellites when we've got Dolores's mouth?
How come we're your best friends and we had to find out about you and Michael Fitzsimmons from Dolores?
Come on, where's your enthusiasm?
Don't get your hopes up.
It must run in the family.
Beth's boyfriend is playing in the band.
I wish I had the nerve. And the figure.
It was Beth's idea.
My father. He's not just the ultimate square. He's a total crook.
What?
I can dig you being uptight about Rita and Utah. That's cool. But I've got to warn you about something.
Can we split now?
I thought I knew everything about him.
Peggy Sue's still stuck on treble without a cause.
Ssh. He's great.
What a treat.
It's Charlie!
I can dig that. Bittersweet perfection. Dogs of lust on leashes of memory... yeah.
Yes. We had a glorious night together. One day you'll remember and write about it.
You think so?
That's a terrific line. You're going to be a wonderful writer.
But we had heat baby. Passion! Fire! We owe it to ourselves to fuse together.  At least one more time.
Michael, you and I are light years apart. You should go, but not with me.
But what about the other night? We were like two stars in the same constellation.
I hate chickens.
Why not? Polygamy's legal in Utah.
I can't do that.
Rita. I met her last summer. She's cool. You'll really dig her. She's got this great little cabin in the hills, just outside of Provo where she raises chickens. I'll write and the two of you can take care of the chickens to support us.
Utah? I thought you'd be going to New York or Paris. What's in Utah?
Now listen, this is the plan. As soon as school is finished we go to Utah and...
For everyone.
Five more weeks of school. And ten minutes past graduation I'm gone.  To freedom.
I shouldn't have put you through that. It must have been agony. Let's do something.
That was quite an evening. Bourgeois, phony, decadent, stupid.
Okay. Here's a new one. It's called Tenderness.  I couldn't sleep so I thought I'd scream Betrayed by a kiss, sucking pods of bitterness. In the madhouse of Dr. Dread Razor shreds of rat puke fall On my bare arms  I'm sorry. I guess I was trying to impress you. 
I'd love to.
No, I just made that up. Do you want to hear one?
Is that one of your poems?
A ray of oneness piercing the solitude. Falling bodies in the ecstasy of flesh. You'll be a chapter in my memoirs of desire.
I already did that. I want to be a dancer, I want to dance.
Hey what's with you? I thought you were cool. You rode my bike. You blew some pot.  What's your scene Miss Majorette? You gonna marry Mr. Blue Impala and graze around with all the other sheep for the rest of your life?
They care about you. They're just a different generation.
The only thing my father digs is cold, green money. All my mother cares about is her standing at the country club.
Don't you get along with your parents?
Maximum intensity. Yeah. I can't wait to get out of here. I'm gonna write. I'm gonna check out of this bourgeois motel. Push myself away from the dinner table and say 'No more Jell—O for me, Mom.'
What are you shooting for?
The world is fantastic. It's the ultimate absurd circus. I am shot from a cannon into the energy.
Yeah. I'm surprised. It's really old...  Travels well though.  You know, the world looks a lot better from up here.
This is great reefer.
Hey, man, I'm a hip chick.
I thought chicks like you traveled in packs.
Coffee and a donut.
What're you doing here anyway?
The young man leaned back in his chair. No bulls would die today.
A writer's life is his work. Jack Kerouac doesn't have to kill a bull to have something to write about. He's out there feeling, burning... grooving on life!
Maybe you're confusing his life with his work.
He's a fisherman! The most overrated writer of the century. I mean, he's the perfect American author — fat, violent, drunk...
You don't?
Gilfond's okay, except he thinks Hemingway's great Literature.
I was impressed with what you said in English class today.
Look young lady, I grew up through the depression. I fought in the second World War. Six days a week I get up and deal with the public, the bank and the bill collectors. And on the seventh day, when God rests, I don't have to listen to my daughter calling me a fool!
Oh, you're both so naive.
Didn't call, them pantyhose, though. What was it, Evelyn?
Oh no!
It's the darndest thing. Ed knew what they were immediately. As a matter of fact, he said he's got a product like that in development right now.
How did it go with the pantyhose?
Wrong, Dad. Your idea.
You mean to tell me that you invited this Mr. Fitzsimmons over to talk about investing his money in your cockamamie idea?
You need a partner. There's a friend of mine at school whose father makes seat covers for cars, Mr. Fitzsimmons. I've invited him and his family over for dinner tomorrow night.
That's all well and good, but we don't have the money to manufacture them.
This is your great invention?  Would you wear those things?
Ta da! Pantyhose! The death of the garter belt! Of course, once they're manufactured they'll look better than this. What do you think?
Richard Nixon's going to be President. Nixon wears hats.
He'll win.
Kennedy's a Catholic. He'll never win.
But when John F. Kennedy's elected President, men'1l stop wearing hats.
That's very thoughtful, honey. It's just a slump. Things will pick up.
Yes.
I, that what all that nonsense was about this morning? You're worried about my business?
The hat business is in trouble.
This morning was good.
Quiet today?
It's hard to believe you're going to be eighteen.  Want an eskimo pie? Or a creamsicle? I'd come home from the store and there's little you running up to me. I'd give you a dime and you'd promise never to grow up.
I wanted to apologize for this morning.
Good, you got your money out of that greedy bank.
I closed my Christmas club.
Open it.
For me?
Doing some shopping?
Hi, Dad.
Evelyn, take her to her room!
Listen Dad, please. Buy IBM, buy Polaroid, buy Apple Computer. No, no. Not yet. Buy Xerox!
I've heard just about enough of this lunacy! Go to your room!
Oh boy, that's another thing that's going to change. Who's going to think for us? Our husbands? You know, you treat Mom like a maid. It's not entirely your fault. Those were the attitudes in the fifties, and that's the way you raised me. But give Nancy a break, encourage her to go to art school.
That's your problems The more women think, the more trouble they get into.
I think they're going to deregulate it.
Do you know how ridiculous you sound? First of all, it's illegal for U.S. citizens to buy gold. And in the second place, the price of gold is regulated by the government.
I want to help with the family finances. I want you to buy some stocks. And gold. By 1980 gold is going to be worth eight hundred dollars an ounce. Then you sell.
All right. But this better be good.
Calm down. Just listen for a minute.. Please.
Yes but I was a boy. And I still had hell to pay.
Dad.. it's not a big deal. Didn't you ever stay out all night when you were young?
Thank God for that.
At my age? Don't be silly.
Peggy, let me ask you something.  You're not... expecting are you?
It's not Charlie. It's me.
Damn that Charlie I
I think I'm way ahead of them.
If all the kids jumped off a bridge, would you do that too?
Mom, is there any coffee left?
You're so young, this is not the time to start acquiring bad habits.
That would be impossible.
Thank you.. I accept your apology with the hope that what went on yesterday will never happen again.
Evelyn, put her to bed.
Dad, I never knew you had a sense of humor.
Grounded? Ha! The story of my life. I don't wanna go to my room. I wanna import Japanese cars. I wanna go to Liverpool and discover the Beatles.
I don't see the humor in this. Go to your room immediately. You're grounded.
Just a little. I've had a tough day.
Young lady, you're drunk!
Mr. Fitzsimmons is a very prominent man.
Peggy Sue, watch your mouth.
We'll make it, we'll be fine.
Jack, I was just trying to help.
I want everybody to hear because I don't have anything to be ashamed of.
Does everybody have to hear?
Please don't shout.
I don't need your charity. I don't need your grandmother's jewelry or your parents money -—how could you do that?
You have four seasons, you have four slumps.
Don't worry, it's just a seasonal slump.
A new car. We can't afford a new car.
This is not giving blood. This is drunk.
Jack, take it easy. She gave blood at school today. Maybe she's just a little light—headed.
He's a liar! He has no such thing! It's my own fault. I should have had it patented first. He's a crook, damnit.
Sheerotards. Catchy name, isn't it? Like leotards.
Yeah, I know Peggy Sue gets married. Case closed. Period. Mom, if you could live your life over again, would you do the same thing? Get married and settle down after high school?
What? When did it happen? Your dad and I always expected you two to get married.
You know Mom, it's okay to have male friends. Besides, it's over with me and Charlie.
What does Charlie think about that?
No, just a friend of mine. I don't think he Likes Jell—O.
Mom, how about a machine that's like your blender, only it slices vegetables, kneads dough, chops meat and even make fresh pasta?
You know, dear, I think the pantyhose is a wonderful idea, but the next time you come up with something, please don't stay out all night. Just tell us. We'll believe you.
We've got to move fast. This is an idea whose time has come.
Isn't that awfully forward?
Instead of a girdle. And light as a feather.
Would they go over my girdle or under?
Way to go, Mom!
I'm not the maid!
I went for a drive. Up in the hills.
Where have you been?
You accepted an invitation, Maddy's one of your best friends, and I baked the Rice Krispie squares.
I don't feel very festive.
Maddy's party.
For what?
Charlie's downstairs. Why aren't you ready?
Peggy, do you know what a penis is?  Stay away from it.
What do you mean?
Is Charlie pressuring you to do things you don't think you should be doing?
I'm confused about a lot of things right now. Charlie's only one of them.
That's a good girl... I hate to see you so upset.  Tell me, sweetheart. Are you having problems with Charlie? You mentioned something this morning.
I'm sorry, Mom. I'll call Grandma back and apologize.
Yes, he's fine, too. You saw them at Easter.
She did? I love her so much, and I haven't seen her in such a long time. And Grandpa Barney. Is he all, right?
Well, she is getting on, but she's fine. I told her you weren't feeling well yesterday. She called to find out how you are.
I had a dream that Grandma died.
What happened to you?
It's Grandma. I can't talk to her now.  I'm sorry, Grandma.
Peggy! What's the matter? Who is it?
Sure, Mom.  Hello.
Would you get that, dear?
It was great to see everybody again. But it's so boring and regimented. Most of what they teach is useless. The worst thing was lunch.
It was nobody. Ah... he's a poll, taker. I'm thinking of voting Democrat this year. But don't mention it to your father. How was school today?
Who was that man?
The house payments.
What about?
Sort of.
What's the matter? Did you two have a fight?.
Oh yeah. Charlie. How am I going to handle him?
Oh.	Ah...recently. All the kids drink it.
When did you start drinking coffee?
I'm still here, aren't I? I may as well enjoy myself. I'm going to go to school today.  Dad, I want to apologize for yesterday. The car is a classic. Use it in the best of health.
You're looking pretty chipper this morning.
Oh. I forgot.
What happened to your hair? You have such a pretty face. Why are you always trying to cover it up?
Oh Mom, I forgot you were ever so young.
My little baby. Don't try to grow up so fast.
I'm home now.
Of course, dear. You're home now.
Chanel Number Five. That always reminds me of home.
Mom!
Why don't you go lie down for a while.
I'm excused.
How do you feel?
I have a note.
The nurse called and said you'd be coming home.
Mom!
Of course, he'll love it. You're a terrific artist.
You think this'll cheer Dad up?
Can I tell Diane that Peggy Sue got drunk or is that a deep family secret?  Well?
Mom, sit down for a minute. This is so nice, all of us being together again like this.
You know, you two are wonderful parents. I'm really going to try to behave myself.
And the butter.
They're bad for you. They cause...red lips. 
Why not? They're my favorite.
Don't eat the red ones.
Look at Kenny Rossi. Isn't he dreamy? I wish he'd break up with Arlene. She thinks she's so great.
It's unbelievable. The man never ages.
Okay, what do you want? What dumb favor do you want me to do?
Let's do something together.. Do you want to play Monopoly? Or Careers... Clue... Snakes and Ladders?
Teenagers are weird. And you're the weirdest.
I'm sorry about that. I really want us to be closer. I have enough unresolved relationships in my... life.
Come on! Mom said you were sick. You're never happy to see me.
I'm just happy to see you.
What are you doing?
You're sick. You should go to the nurse. I'm going to tell Miss Dennis.
Rosalie, please, listen to me! You have to stop.
Not to me they don't. I'm going to win the State, then the. Nationals, and then I'm going to the Olympics.
But accidents can happen.
I spend three hours a day practicing. I have trainers, I know what I'm doing.
I know you are, but you have to stop. I couldn't tell you before, I didn't know if I should. But you have to stop before you hurt yourself.
Don't be silly, I'm the best in the county.
I think you should give up diving. It's dangerous.
What's up?
You have an incredible memory.
I remember when you got that locket, too. You were so excited I think you showed it to the whole school.
Rosalie Testa!
I remember that dress.
You can't. You're going to be Valedictorian.
Wait! I'll go with you!
No! No! No! Peggy Sue got married! Case closed. I don't want to marry anybody. Goodbye Richard.
Okay. Why don't we do something visionary. Change your destiny, Peggy Sue. Change your destiny and marry me.
Yeah, yeah. I'm taking a big gamble. I've loved him for a long, long time.
Did you break up with Charlie?
Vision? I'm a walking anachronism! I've upset my parents. I miss my kids. I could be trapped here forever! And poor Charlie...I got pregnant on my 18th birthday and we had to get married. Tomorrow's my birthday! I've got to get out of here now.
So are you. You've got a vision.
You were meant to  You're one of those fortunate people that good things happen to.
Goodbye? Where're you going? What about our partnership? I'm making real progress with the microchip.
I came to say goodbye.
You were meant to. You're one of those fortunate people that good things happen to. I have to get out of here.
Not true.  I think I'm making real progress on the microchip.
It's all, gone wrong, nothing's working out.
What's the matter?
Oh, go feel up your hamsters! I hear rodents put out.
Hey! Do you have any idea how much those beakers cost? I usually charge for hypnosis.
God dammit! How'm I gonna got out of here?
I think it has something to do with your birthday. You were rambling. I didn't understand the rest.
That's just perfect isn't it? Did it work? Did you find out why I came back?
Me? You went crazy! You started taking your clothes off. I was putting them back on for you.
Richard! You should be ashamed of yourself.
One... two... three.  You are now awake.
I couldn't help it —— I loved him.
No! Yes! I'll be right out, Dad.  Oh shit! Peggy, I'm going to snap you out of it.
Yes, every day.  Maybe I shouldn't have worn that dress? I told Beth it was a bad idea. That's why they made me Queen.
Will you take of f your blouse?
No. The Pill will be for birth control. But girls do like sex. Maybe not the first time.
You mean you'll give a girl a pill and she'll want to have sex?
No. The Pill will change all that. Then he wouldn't have blamed me. We were just too young.
In the future, will you have to marry a girl before you have sex with her?
We were lying in the sand. It was my eighteenth birthday... We were so awkward... I would have married him anyway...
Silicon is from sand.
I think it's called silicon. Charlie told me that.
What will they be made of?
Ah..... they're very tiny... they look like a fingernail made out of an erector set...
Oh boy. Peggy, what are microchips?
Peggy Sue Kelcher.  Or, Peggy Bodell.  I'm not sure.
You are completely relaxed. When I count to three, you will open your eyes. One... two... three.  We'll start with something easy. What is your name?
No offense, but you're pretty out of it now.
Look, I'm desperate. I'll try anything. But what if you can't snap me out of it?
Everything. This is perfect. The subconscious mind remembers all. You can give me more information on microchips and then pinpoint what happened at the reunion. Maybe that'll give us a clue on how to get you back.
What do you know about hypnosis?
Suggestion! Hypnotic suggestion! Why didn't I think o~ that before?
Like what?
Look, the best scientific mind in this country is working on your case. May I make a suggestion?
For God's sake, forget the money! I'm going crazy! I'm a walking anachronism. I'm a puddle of deja I'm worried about my kids, Scott must be scared to death, I think my daughter's doing drugs again. I can't have any fun here, I don't have that innocence any more. I can't keep all this in anymore. I feel Like I'm going to explode.
Cheer up. Now you can give some other guy a shot. Make it up to him later and buy him a yacht.
It was an unfair fight. He didn't have a chance. I'm taking a real gamble. I loved him for a long, long time.
That's terrific. You did it. You really changed the course of your destiny.
Yep. It's going to be a law.  I broke up with Charlie last night.
That's what you were talking about yesterday? Everybody does that in the future?
Jogging. I was running, now I'm jogging.
What are you doing?
Hi, Richard.
High tech. I like the sound of that.
The wave of the future! I've decided on our first fortune! I'll see you later. You just think high tech.
What are you talking about?
Richard! They don't have any! They never heard of them! Isn't that wonderful?
Oh.	And huge portable radios. Everything else gets small, but for some reason, portable radios get enormous.
All right. These are the choices: microwave ovens, pocket calculators, Walkmans, digital watches and miniature TV's.
You don't have to use pig Latin! Nobody could possibly know what we're talking about.
Not for you. Okay, there's lots more.
Are you talking ~about exercise? Like gym?
There are major fortunes to be made here. Leisure time and life—styles.
Come on. You can't be serious.
Ah. This is a biggie. Forget sneakers. Running shoes, jogging shoes, tennis shoes. Fifty to two hundred dollars a pair.
When do we start?
You're taking advantage of a minor.
Sixty—forty.
Look it's very simple. You tell me everything that hasn't been invented yet, and I'll invent it. We'll be partners. Fifty—fifty.
Wbat're you talking about?
Good. You're discreet. I like that in a partner.
Give me some credit, will you?
I'm curious, but I don't want to know. Jeez, I hope you haven't been telling people what's going to happen to them.
How come you never ask me any important questions? Don't you wonder if there's going to be a nuclear war? Or a cure for cancer? What about your family? What about people?
No offense, but for a person who says she's lived an extra lifetime, you certainly are thick. Money is power.. Money makes people respect you...
Richard, take it easy.
I'm talking about invention, no investment. I know what people think of me. Mr. Spasmatician. Dick the Square Root. I'll show them. You said I was going to be a millionaire. And you're gonna help!
I tried to tell them, but they wouldn't listen to me.
But you have a vision. Don't you want to help your parents?
I'm just not the type. Besides, I want to get out of here.
The way I see it, you have an unparalleled opportunity to become the richest woman in the world.
What if you're not here tomorrow?
I'm trying. I'll see you tomorrow. 
All right, I'll work on it, I'll, do some research. But in the meantime, don't get crazy.
I told you, I've already lived my life. I don't know how or why I'm here, but you have to help me get back. I want to get back to my real life!
You're a molecule in chaos, a discontinuent aberration. Maybe you've just got powers of precognition. Well, maybe you're just out of whack.
What if it's beyond science? What it it's God?
Okay, you're not dead, but according to every law of science what you say happened to you is impossible.
Confucious says, The way out is through the door. There's a truck. There's your door.
What're you doing?
There's one way to find out.
Am I dead or not?
You're giving me the creeps.
Come on, Richard, I'm serious.
You look pretty good for a corpse.
That's why I was getting a divorce..  What I really think is that I had a heart attack at the reunion and died.
I'd be very careful if I were you. You don' t want to fall into the clutches of some madman with plans to manipulate your brain.
I don't know.
But when did you leave? Are you here until then? Were you there until now? What direction are you going in? Are you a moving point on an infinite line extending into the past? Can anyone do it?
Holy Toledo! That's six years ahead of schedule!
Because I'm telling you the truth. I know what's going to happen. There's going to be test tube babies and heart transplants. And an American named Neil Armstrong is going to walk on the moon. On July 20, 1969.
How, did you know about my grandfather?
You have a blind grandfather. One day you're going to invent a machine that reads books for blind people. I read about it. You're going to be famous. You're going to invent a lot of things.
You probably are crazy. Wait a minute. Is this some kind of joke? I know what you all, think of me.
This is serious. Nobody can know. Ah, I've returned from the future. I traveled back here 25 years.
Okay. I promise.
Listen, you've gotta keep this a secret. You can't tell a soul. Promise?
Absolutely. People, dogs, elephants.
So you think time travel is possible? For people?
You can till it with whatever you want. From illusions to memory, from experience to innocence, from happiness to the entire universes
What's inside?
Well, I think time is like a burrito. Sometimes it just folds over on itself and one part touches the other.
I	know what a burrito is.
That's my own theory based on a Mexican food called the burrito. I had it once when my parents took me to Disneyland.
What's that?
And then, there's Richard's Burrito.
Well... in a Newtonian framework, the possibilities were limited, but with the advent of relativity theory, the idea of absolute time can no longer be reasonably affirmed.
Sort of.
Are you doing some kind of science project?
I want to ask you a question.  Do you think...time travel is possible?
I'm writing a book on kite construction. What did you want to talk about?
What a great kite.
All right. I'll be in the physics lab. Make it four—thirty. I have a rocket club meeting.
It's not that. Can we meet after school? Please?
I'm not doing any tutoring this year. I'm too busy.
I have to talk to you. It's very important.
It really wasn't that difficult.
Congratulations on the math contest, Richard.
You know, I never told anybody this, but I always had a feeling that when you die, before you go to heaven, you get a chance to fly around high school for a while.
I guess part of us never really leaves high school.
You're a sweet man, Richard.
Dancing with you.
What was?
You were always friendly to me. I appreciated that.  You know, this used to be a fantasy of mine.
Well, you showed them. You're rich and famous and successful. And you have a beautiful wife.
The only time people like Dolores used to pay any attention to me was to laugh at me or insult me. That guy, Doug Snell, who shook my hand when we walked in, he used to call me a four—eyed worm.
Gee. I'm sorry to hear that.
He's not here. We're getting divorced.
Where's Charlie? I was in town about a year ago and caught one of his commercials. Really made me laugh.
Hello. Nice to meet you. Please call me Peggy. I'm Peggy Bodell now.
I just did it for tonight. I don't normally dress like this.
You look exactly the same.
I was once. Richard!? Richard Norvik? I didn't recognize you.
Are you Peggy Sue Kelcher?
My God...  ...how is that possible? You have to help me, Doctor Yolander. I don't know what I'm dealing with here! They've dug up my wife...
Believe what you saw, Matthews. The dog was dead.
Well... uh... thanks...
You want some advice, friend? You get in your car, you pick up your family... and you get the hell out of that town.
Exactly! I thought it might be some sort of blood condition... immune deficiency or...
The Creed cat, that's right. Bastard's name was "Church".  Let me guess. Your dog's tissue isn't healing, pupils aren't dilating... maybe you can't find a heartbeat?
...the pathologist... he said that you had reported a similar incident... with a cat...
I... um...
Why are you bothering me about this? Can't you leave it be?
God damn it Gus, you dug up my wife! What the fuck is going on around here?!
I was building a doggy door.
How'd you know that?
I hear you've got Marjorie Hargrove working for you now.
--Drew, he's your dog. Are you listening to this?
Thee facial lacerations should heal up pretty quickly. I'll give you som antibiotic cream--
There are three more girls where that one came from looking for homes.
When I was young I thought cats were the girls and dogs were the boys.
I suppose so.
That's Renee alright.
I wanted to get Geoff out of L.A. Just start things over, you know?
I hear you moved into town.
Pretty much so.
Did she always have reporters following her around like this?
Because the last person that sent me blood from a dead animal was Yolander...
Yes... why?
You took over for Doctor Yolander?
Not this dog. There wasn't enough oxygen in those red cells to pump life into a flea.
Wait, there must be some mix-up. He was... the dog is alive.
I don't know what you expected to find, Matthews. There's nothing wrong with the antigens, nothing to indicate an unusual death...
What?
He doesn't. I don't know what he has, but I'm hoping to God it's not infectious...
I hope he doesn't have rabies.
You sure did...
I had a little run-in with Zowie.
What happened to you?
Oh, you know... drink beer, tell ghost stories. They try and spook each other out, talking about zombies and things...  It's no big deal, Chase. I did it when I was young.
What do they do up there?
He's probably going up to the Pet Sematary. Kids've been going out there on Halloween night for years.
Out?
Well we're glad to have you, Marjorie. You can call me Chase, by the way.
I'm real excited about working for you Mr. Matthews...
Uh... no. You just... look different than you sounded on the phone. Please, come in.
Is something wrong?
Anywhere but here.
So where're we going?
All set.
All set?
He did. We buried him.  There's a place out in the woods... if you bury something there, it comes back alive.
Geoff, this is crazy. Zowie didn't die.
I can bring her back. The same way Drew and me brought Zowie back...
What are you talking about?
I'm not hungry.
Geoff, dinner's ready!  Geoff?!
I'm really tired, Dad... can I just go to sleep?
"Out." Well that's great, Geoff.  Look, I've been letting you get away with a lot these past few weeks, but I'm not going to stand for crap like this. I don't care if it's Halloween... it's a school night, and if you do this again...
Just out.
I'm going out, Dad!
Hey! Where're you off to?
Remember Zowie, Drew's dog? He got hurt again. I'm going over to take a look at him.
Who was that?
I still can't believe she's dead...
Your Mom and I loved each other, Geoff. Don't ever think that we didn't.
I think so.
You alright?
What?
It sucked.
Hey! How was your first day at school?
I'll be fine, Dad.
You nervous? New town, new school. I know it must be pretty hard for you...
Sure.
What's a lunch cost these days? You want ten?
Nothing. I just got spooked by a bunch of furballs.
What's wrong?!
It's been a few years.
How long ago did this guy retire?
Say your goodbyes. Zowie's going outside. You're grounded, buddy. That's the new law.
Zowie...
I'm not trying to prove anything.  I was burying my dog.
Your momma's worried sick over you. You take off in the middle of the night, you don't show up for school. What're you trying to prove?
Hey, I'm so sorry I'm not the stud that you are.
Not that much appreciation. I thought we were gonna tone down that flabby ass.
Just until he heals up?
Drew, I don't remember inviting Zowie in for dinner.
Is he gonna be okay?
Damn dog stuck his nose in on my rabbits and they ganged up on him. I swear that dog's an idiot.
All the time.
You ever think about running away?
Go later...
I gotta go back and do my chores...
Dies?
I don't know...  ...maybe it depends on what you were like before you...
Do you think everyone that came back would be like Gus?
I don't know but I'm not taking any chances...
What was that all about? You think he's trying to scare us?
It's like he's not Gus anymore. He's different. You know, like Zowie...
What do you mean?
It's weird...
Maybe it takes a while...
How can he not have a heartbeat?
You think he'd believe it if he did?
You think my Dad'll figure out why he's not getting better?
He was dead. You know he was.
Maybe he wasn't dead when we buried him.
Yeah...
It's getting pretty late. We better go.
You never get over it.
I've never had anyone die before...  ...but I guess you get over it. I mean, eventually...
You have to bury your own. That's the way the Indians did it. It's like a rule...
You want me to help?
Look, if there was even one chance in a million it'd work, wouldn't you want to try?
Drew, I know your dog died, but... get a grip, man, you're freaking me out.
What if it's not bullshit? If I bury Zowie there, and it works...  ...he'll come back alive.
Come on, that's just a bullshit story. You said so yourself...
The old Indian burial ground.
What did?
This is it... I wasn't sure if it even really existed.
There's a better place...
Why not?
I'm not burying him here...
Is this a good spot?
Nothing. It's just an old ghost story. Let's get out of here...
What was all that stuff about dead people coming back to life?
Stepdad. Gus is my stepdad.
You shouldn't ever say that about your parents, not even your Dad.
I swear, sometimes I wish Gus was dead...
Sorry about your mom.  I couldn't handle not having my mom around. Just having Gus...
He pissed me off.
I've never seen anybody punch Clyde before.
Zowie.
What's his name?
I came back for you, Geoff. We're going to be together again.
Mom...
You know everything, don't you?
I know, Mom.
I miss him too...
Good. He said he'd be over for dinner at eight...  I mean... he misses you, Mom...
How did it go with your father last night?
Couple minutes. I saw the last shot. That was pretty cool.
How long have you been here?
Right here, Mom...
Geoff?  Anybody see my boy?
Yes, Bob, I do.  Excuse me? Am I being fired?
Do you really think so, Andy?
Maybe you mistyped the name when you were saving it. We'll try combinations of those letters...
K-R-O-one.
What was the file name?
Sorry...
Allright. Calm down.
What's wrong with my face? You want to know what's wrong with my face? I've got a skin condition. Next question, Bob? No more questions? Fine. Now can you help me find the complaint?
What's wrong with your face?
Bob...
What in God's name... ?
You'll never find it in the dark.
I don't know what to do, Bob.
Jesus.
You'll have to get right on it, Andy, we're up against the statute of limitations.
Yes!
Bailey, Brackman.
Andy, do you know who reps Kronos Inc.?
If MacroSystems wins, an energetic, young company will be destroyed, five thousand Americans will be out of work. Moreover, the laws of copyright and anti-trust were enacted to prevent exactly the kind of bullshit Macrosystems is trying to pull.
Charles is right behind me.
In a word, Bob...
Are we interrupting, Andy?
Oh, you're right, Beckett, you don't have an attitude problem.
Excuse me, Charles. With all due respect... this is... preposterous! It doesn't make any sense, it sounds as if we're talking about someone else. Pardon the lack of humility, but I've had the distinct impression I was kind of... one of the rising stars around here. And I feel that wasn't just my imagination. And I also think I deserve to know what's really going on here, Charles.
Really? Who thinks that, sir?
Some people think you have an attitude problem, Beckett.
Perhaps... you're right. I've certainly been busy. With the Kronos complaint, a preliminary injunction hearing and the Saunders trial all falling at the same time...
There won't be a next time, I guarantee it.
This time. What about next time?
Andy?
You're right, I probably just misfiled...
Whacked with a racquetball.  I appreciate your faith in my abilities.
What's that on your forehead, pal?
Thanks, Walter.
Because they deserve to, Walter.
Why, Beckett?
I hope you're ready for "Studs," because that's what's on.
Whatever.
Ready for what, baby?
I'm ready...
Do you think I'm ready for it?! I hate this shit. I'm not a fucking martyr! I hate every goddamn part of it!
I'm not ready to die.
Then, what <u>are</u> we, Drew?! The <u>winners</u>? "Ladies and gentlemen, the first prize of AIDS goes to Andrew Beckett and his lover Miguel..." Excuse me, I'm not your lover. I'm your Care Partner. FUCK!
You want me to give up? Let this thing turn us into <u>victims</u>?
That's right. We're on the Positive Plan. You don't have a Fatal Disease, you have Manageable Illness.
I'm not going to die.
Maybe you should think about it.
What's that mean?!
Maybe you should think about it.
Maybe I should start making plans, is that what you think? Start planning my memorial service? "Begin to prepare for the inevitable."
No.
You're scared. You think we're near the end.
That's not what I said.
You don't think there's much time left, do you?
The least you can do is look at me, while I'm sticking this shit into your arm. Forget the fucking case, one hour a day, and give me a little of your time.
ALLRIGHT IT'S CLOSED!  Jesus!
CLOSE THE FUCKING LAW BOOK!
I'm not going to close the--
Close the law book.
What's wrong with you?
That shit's saving your life, you asshole!
Fuck you. This shit's probably not doing me any good anyway.
Fuck you.
I said, skip it, Michael. It's my treatment.
We're not skipping this treatment.
I have too much work to do. Skip the treatment.
Hold still. Shit.  The goddamn vein's clotted. We have to go the goddamn hospital, so they can change the goddamn catheter.
Yes. I think it will be a simple solution. They'll put it in a syringe, inject it into your bloodstream. It'll neutralize the virus. It'll revitalize the immune system, and people with AIDS will become healthy again.
You got that right, Mikey...  You still believe that, don't you?
I said, "Everyone's going to die, Jimmy. But Drew's not going to die of AIDS. There's a cure around the corner, and he plans to be around to take advantage of it."
Jerk... What did you say?
I promise!
Drew!
One hour!
You're leaving the hospital? You're going into the office looking like that? Are you insane?
You're not smiling.
You're going to the office?!
Thanks for leaving school, and coming here, and...  I will be back. An hour, tops.
You're not going to like this. Please try to smile...
Why are you getting dressed?
I am relaxed.
That's the third time. I better call the office.  Would you relax, please?
He's not sorry, okay, fine.  Why don't we see what we find out from the blood work? I'll work on getting a specimen, I'm sure hospital food could help in that direction. Maybe, by then, we'll hear from my doctor, and we'll go from there. Okay? Everybody happy?
Don't apologize for me.
A reaction to AZT...
It could be parasites, an infection...
So what? It's nothing to be ashamed of. You have nothing to be ashamed of, okay?
I almost didn't make it to the bathroom, Miguel. I almost lost control right in front of everybody.
I said, don't worry about it.
Aren't you giving an exam?
Yeah. Thanks, guys.
Thanks, you guys.
I'm seeing him this afternoon.
Longstreet's interested in the Harrisburg deal.
Don't do this, Andy.
You can save it for the jury, Charles. I want to hear you say, under oath, in front of a judge and a jury, I'm a bad lawyer.  Gentlemen.  Counselor.
A carrot?!
I hoped the challenge would improve your performance. You could say it was a carrot.
If you'd lost confidence in me, why did you give me the Kronos suit?
Take it easy, Walter.
Honesty is always best.
We've been talking it over, Andy. Your future that is... We feel that, because we respect you so much, we have to be honest with you.
More than your friend. Family.
I know that, Charles.
Of course.
Thanks for coming in.
No sweat, buddy.
Thanks, Charles.
Bearing in mind that Bill Wright, the chairman of MacroSystems, is a close, personal friend of mine... which side of this mess would <u>you</u> desire to be on, Andy? And don't allow my very tight, personal relationship with Bill to influence your answer in any way.
It is, and it isn't, Charles. Macrosystem's new software copies all the best-known elements of Kronos' spreadsheet program. If they're allowed to sell it, Kronos will get undersold right out of business. For me, the legal principle, involved is copyright infringement.
He's upset, he's sorry.
I'm trying to help your "partner." You're not a member of his immediate family, I could have you removed from the ER.
Dr. Klenstein.  It's not a pleasant procedure, but if the KS is causing the diarrhea, we ought to know right away.
This is my partner. We keep records of hospital visits. Nothing personal.
Sounds delightful.
... meanwhile, I'd like to prepare you for a colonoscopy, so we can take a look inside.
We're waiting...
About my blood work?
Mr. Beckett, I'm sorry...
You bet. We'll see you later.
Thanks for coming by.
Sure thing.
I better get home. Lisa and I are having some friends over.
It was good working with you, Andrew. You're welcome.  Hey. Shouldn't you put that thing back on?
Excellent work, Joe. I thank you.
A good start.
What?
What do you call a thousand lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean?
Thank you.
Yes.
Can you see the lesions on your chest in this mirror?
If it please the court, I'd like to ask Mr. Beckett to remove his shirt, so that the jury can have an <u>accurate</u> idea of what we're talking about.
Yes. On my torso.
Do you have any lesions on <u>any</u> part of your body, at this time, that resemble the lesions that were on your face at the time you were fired?
Well... many things. But I think the thing I love the most, is that every once in a while, not that often, but occasionally... you get to be part of justice being done. It's really quite a thrill when that happens.
What do you love about it?
I love the law. I know the law. I excel at practicing it. It's the only thing I've ever wanted to do.
What makes you an excellent lawyer?
I'm an excellent lawyer.
Are you a good lawyer?
You don't bring your personal life into a law firm. You're not supposed to <u>have</u> a personal life, really. Anyway, I did plan to tell Charles, eventually. But then, this thing happened at the tennis club...
Can you explain <u>why</u> you didn't?
No. I didn't.
In the years you worked at Wyant Wheeler, did you ever tell Charles Wheeler you were gay?
I still am.
Except... you were gay?
I suppose you could say that.
A regular all-American guy?
You didn't look then, the way you look now?
It's possible I was infected with the HIV virus at that time, but I wasn't diagnosed until several years later.
Obviously, at this time, you weren't sick.
Possessed of an encyclopedic knowledge of the law. A razor sharp litigator, a genuine leader, gifted at bringing out the very best in others. An awesome ability to illuminate the most complex of legal concepts to colleagues, courtrooms, the person on the street.  The kind of person who plays three sets of tennis but doesn't sweat. But underneath the elegant surface, was an adventurous spirit.
What kind of person is that?
He was... the kind of person I thought I wanted to be.
What impressed you about him?
Particularly, Charles.
You're ready, don't worry.
I'll look over the Q and A.
Opera?
Want to hear my favorite aria?
Opera?
Thanks.  Do you like opera?
I know a good probate lawyer.
I've made provisions in my will for some charities. Miguel will need a lawyer. I know it's not your area...
We proceed, representing your estate.
What happens?
I've considered that.
There's a possibility I won't be around for the end of this trial.
For a healthy baby. For Lisa to make it through the delivery. For the Phillies to get into the playoffs.
What have you prayed for?
Then we establish how Wheeler's boys recruited you after law school...
Do you... pray?
What?
Charles. Okay. Miller?
Beckett?
Uh huh...
When you refer to Wheeler, call him Charles, to show how you'd been admitted to the inner circle, you were considered one of them.
Let's review these notes for your testimony. We have a big day on Monday.
Thank you for sharing that with me, Joe.
Let me tell you something, okay? When you're brought up, like the rest of us, in a place like where I was brought up, there's not a whole lot of discussion about... homosexuals. As a kid, you're taught right away that queers are weird, queers are funny, they're a danger to kids, they're afraid to fight, and they all want to cop your joint. And that pretty much sums up the general thinking out there, if you want to know the truth.
You survived your first gay party intact.
You're right.
Correct.
You think I'm uncomfortable...
Thank you.
No, we have to do it. But later, allright?
Sure. It's fine.
Excuse me, I'm having a goddamn party, is that allright with you?
Beer.  We need to go over your Q and A.
What do you want?
Let's find you a drink.
Get it?
Not bad.
I'm a law suit.
I had a blood transfusion today. I feel great.
Beckett. You seem... better. Energized, more alive...
It's me, you dork.
We're friends of Beckett's.
PARRTYY!
Any settlement agreement <u>must</u> include, and this is critical, a letter of exoneration, making clear my termination had nothing to do with the quality of my work.
One more thing, Your Honor...
Arline?
Arline decision. Supreme Court.
There is no relevant precedent.
Thank you.
So Kenton connected the... lesion, <u>and</u> whatever suspicions he had about your personal life... to this woman, Maria... and blew the whistle on you. Suddenly you're losing files, and it's time to let you go. But, up to this point, you've been their Golden Boy, their rising star... Their behavior is... inconsistent.
No. They didn't fire her.
They didn't fire her?
The partner who spotted the lesion, Walter Kenton, used to work for Benton, Myers, in D.C. There's a paralegal there, Maria Torres. She's had lesions on and off for three years. She says it was common knowledge around the office that her lesions were caused by AIDS.
One of the partners spotted a lesion on my forehead.
How did they find out?
Rayisha. Very nice.
Rayisha.
What's her name?
Huh? Oh. Great. She's great.
I'm a lawyer. How's your baby?
Find a lawyer?
What?
Who'd you get?
Fine.
Oh, Beckett. How's it goin'?
Don't send flowers, Joe. I'm not dead yet.
Beckett? I'm sorry about... what's happened to you. It's a fucking kick in the head.
Thanks for your time.
Correct. I don't.
Look. I know I have a case. If you don't want to take it for personal reasons...
I knew you were going to say that. I don't buy it, and I don't see a case.
They sabotaged me.
Okay... They want you out. It's against the law to fire you for having AIDS, so they make you look like a fuck up. Which leads us to the mysterious, lost file.
Joe, from the day I arrived to the day they fired me, I performed consistently, thoroughly and with absolute excellence. And if they hadn't fired me, that's what I'd be doing today.
Okay, okay... They discover you have this horrible, disgusting, terminal illness, and they panic, for any number of perfectly valid reasons. They're frightened for themselves, their families... Maybe it's the homo angle. Maybe they don't want to rub elbows with someone who's just popped out of the closet with a terminal case of acne. And how do they explain your status to the client for Chrissake?
The law says people with disabilities cannot be terminated, so long as they can perform the duties required by their position...
As in, the vegetable?
I buy that.
Charles, I must apologize again, for the Kronos mishap.  It was a scary few minutes around here. Wow. But thank God, the complaint was found. And no damage was done.
Big trouble.
Makeup.
Hell, they are staring. What's that shit on your face?
I dove back into work, everything was fine. Until the lesions started...
Continue.
Miguel Alvarez. We've lived together for nine years.
Your... lover?
My lover and I.
We?
I was diagnosed with AIDS eight months ago. During a bout of pneumonia. I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days. Since I was doing so well on the AZT, we decided against telling anyone about it.
Continue.
Nine.
How many lawyers did you go to, before you called me?
I misplaced an important complaint. That's their story. Want to hear mine?
Continue.
Correct. I'm seeking representation.
You want to sue Wyant Wheeler Hellerman Tetlow and Brown?
I was fired by Wyant Wheeler. I plan to bring a wrongful termination suit against Charles Wheeler and his partners.
Thanks, Beckett. I'm real excited about it.  What can I do for you?
Kids are great.
Little baby girl.
Congratulations.
One week old.
New baby?
Uh, yeah.
It's okay. Can I sit down?
Whoa-oh!  Sorry, I...
I have AIDS.
Jesus Christ, what happened to you?
Funny.
Client of yours?
I know what it means. Your Honor, imagine how the children in this neighborhood have been made to feel. The pounding of construction ringing in their ears as this skyscraper, a tribute to mankind's greed, grows daily, casting an ominous shadow over their lives, filling them with dread even as they are surrounded in a black, toxic fog, blocking out the sun while poisoning their lungs! And Counselor calls it harmless?!
Defined by Webster's as harmless.
Innocuous?
Your Honor, I submit there were no complaints until Counselor began knocking on doors, drumming up business. And the dust, which Counselor refers to, has appeared on only three occasions. Each time it has been examined and the results...
Your Honor, since Rockwell Corp. began construction, the surrounding residential neighborhood has been enshrouded in a cloud of foul-smelling, germ-carrying, pestilent dust. My client is being forced to breathe known carcinogens daily! Other residents are coming forth on a daily basis to add their voices of outrage!
Get down to Word Processing. Help Jamey look.
What can I do?
Fucking Word Processing lost my Kronos complaint. Which must be filed by fucking five o'clock! If it's late, there's no case...  Every problem has a solution.
I thought I was supposed to be covering for you.  God, Andy, you look awful.
Catch me later, I'll be here. And tell Amy, I love her painting, it's on my wall.
I'm late, I have to pick up Amy from her afterschool but I want to talk to you about that Hansen thing.
Rach.
Thank you.
No. I can't really see it.
Answer the question, please.
By the time I was fired, there were four lesions on my face, much bigger...
One. Here, in front of my ear.
Do you have any lesions on your face at this time?
Absolutely.
And it's your contention, that when the partners were made aware of the lesions, they jumped to the conclusion you had AIDS and fired you.
That's right.
You've testified the lesions on your face were visible to the people you worked with, correct?
Yes.
Really?
Miguel has not been infected. As I said, we weren't aware of AIDS, then, or how it is spread.
You could have infected him, isn't that right?
Yes.
Isn't it true you have spent your life pretending to be something you're not, so much so that the art of concealment and dishonesty has become second nature to you?!
In some situations.
As a homosexual, one is often forced to conceal one's sexuality, is that right?
Some do. I didn't.
Do other lawyers at the firm keep pictures of their spouses or fiances on their desks?
No.
Did you keep a picture of your lover on your desk?
That is <u>not</u> correct. I never lied about it.
While you were employed at Wyant Wheeler, you did everything you could to make sure no one knew you were an active homosexual, correct?
No.
Do you need a break?
I'd heard of <u>something</u>. The gay plague, gay cancer, but... we didn't know how you could get it, or that it could kill you.
You'd <u>heard</u> of AIDS in 1984, 85?
That happened once. People weren't talking about AIDS then, the way we are now. Or safe sex.
But you <u>were</u> having anonymous sex in porno theaters in 1984 and 1985?
It's impossible to know exactly when or how I was infected with HIV.
Were you aware in 1984 or 1985 that there was a fatal disease out there, called AIDS, and that you could contract it through sexual activity?
I guess it was 1984, 85.
When? Approximately what year did this event take place?
Yes.
Do men have sex with each other in that theater?
Yes.
Gay <u>pornographic</u> movies?
Gay movies.
What kind of movies do they show there?
Have you ever been to the Apollo Cinema on Sansom Street?
Not unnecessary ones.
In general. Do you take risks in other areas of your life?
In my work? Yes. Calculated risks. You have to.
Do you take risks?
Something like that.
You said earlier you aspired to be the kind of person who had "an adventurous spirit." Is that correct?
Thanks, Mom... Dad?
All I know is, you got through your diagnosis fine, like a trooper. But when they fired you... you were so devastated, Andy... I don't expect any of my kids to sit in the back of the bus. Fight for your rights.
Mom?
He's out in his shed showing your uncle his new riding mower.
Where's Dad?
Ancient. How do you think I feel? Put that thing down and give me a hug.  Andrew, stop! ... He still doesn't listen.
Hi, Mom. How do you feel on your fortieth anniversary?
Are you on one of those conference calls? I hate when you put me on hold.
Gillman says I'm fine. My blood work is excellent. T-cells are up. Just a sec ...  Yes, I think that would alleviate most of our concerns.  My platelets look good too.
Hold on, Mom.  There's no way my client will go along with that.
What's Dr. Gillman say?
I'm fine.
Andy! This is a nice surprise. How are you, hon?
Hi, Mom. It's me.
Hello?
Thank you.
Yes. I'm now in charge of the paralegal department.
Were you recently promoted?
Yes.
Miss Burton? Do you still work at Wyant Wheeler?
Objection.
He was losing weight. He looked kind of tired sometimes. But he was working so hard... Still, I felt something was wrong.  And I can't believe <u>they're</u> saying they didn't notice anything.
Thank you. No more questions.
I said my earrings <u>are</u> American. They're African-American.
What did you say?
Apparently, Mr. Wheeler felt they were too... "ethnic" is the word she used. She said he would like it if I wore something smaller, less garish, and... more "American."
Your earrings?
Well... One time, Mr. Wheeler's secretary, Lydia, told me Mr. Wheeler had a problem with my earrings.
In what way?
Yes.
No. Have you ever felt discriminated against, at Wyant Wheeler?
Is that a question?
Ms. Burton. You're black.
Your Honor, if Mr. Beckett was forced by his illness to use a wheelchair, would the defense ask him to park it outside? We're talking about AIDS, we're talking about lesions. Let's <u>see</u> what we're talking about.
We object, Your Honor. It would unfairly influence the jury.
I'll withdraw it. Mr. Beckett? Were you living with Miguel Alvarez in 1984 or 1985 when you had your anonymous sexual encounter in the porn theater?
Objection!
I'll withdraw.  You were aware, when you worked with Maria Torres, that she had AIDS, correct?
Objection!
I'll rephrase.  Did you have anything to do with this file being... misplaced?
Objection!
Fact. Andrew Beckett performed at a consistently mediocre level. Fact. He made a grievous error on a multi-million dollar lawsuit... Fact. He claims he is the victim of lies and deceit. Fact. Andrew Beckett lied to his employers, going to great efforts to conceal his disease from them. Fact. He was successful in his duplicity. The partners at Wyant Wheeler did <u>not</u> know Andrew Beckett had AIDS when they fired him...
And, when lawyers break the law, when this society loses respect for the law, when that day comes, our cherished institutions will be burned to the ground, and our children and grandchildren will live like savages.
Or unprotected sex with someone you didn't know very well, any time during the last twelve years.
Uh.... No. Not really.
Unprotected sex with a prostitute.
Get real.
A homosexual encounter.
Thanks, Doc, but I don't need an AIDS test. Are you crazy? But thanks for the information. Really.
Not by touching, or shaking hands, or hugging, using the same toilet... Even kissing someone with AIDS is safe. But it there's something in your past you're worried about...
It doesn't travel through the air, by breathing, or touching, right?
Right.
The guy sat in my office! You can't get AIDS that way, right?
You want to give me an AIDS <u>test</u>?!
Joe. I don't care a whit about your private life.
Why are we going to do that?
We're going to draw blood.
Yeah, but Doc, isn't it true they keep finding out new things about this disease? So you tell me, today, there's no danger, and I go home, and I hold my baby, and six months from now I hear on the news: "whoops! We were wrong.' You <u>can</u> carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid. What are you doing?
Leave that.
Right.
The HIV virus can only be transmitted through the exchange of bodily fluids, namely blood and semen.
I'm not worried. What are you doing?
You had contact with someone who has AIDS, and you're worried.
Since that time I've devoted more thought to the subject, and that's how I feel now.
Five months ago you characterized Andrew Beckett as caviar and now you're calling him a cheeseburger. Your standards have shifted a great deal, and I'd like to know why you've changed your mind.
I might.
It's a long way between being overwhelmed and being satisfied. A cheeseburger may be satisfying whereas caviar and champagne and roast duck and baked Alaska for dessert might be considered overwhelming. Do you agree?
It satisfied me.
Did that thrill, impress and overwhelm you?
We won.
Okay, Mr. Laird. Explain this to me like I'm a four year old: Did Andrew Beckett win your lawsuit for you or not?
I may have said something like that. But that's not how I feel at this moment.
According to the deposition, you said you were "thrilled, impressed, overwhelmed" by the quality of Andrew Beckett's work. Do you remember saying that?
That's correct.
Mr. Laird, when I approached you about being a witness at this trial, and you agreed, you gave sworn testimony in a deposition. Is that correct?
We were satisfied.
Were you pleased with his work?
That's correct.
But, Andrew Beckett was in charge of litigation for the suit.
Wyant Wheeler represented us.
Andrew Beckett represented your company in a lawsuit in 1990, is that correct?
People who want to bend the rules...
What kind of people?
Sometimes it seems like society is <u>run</u> by these kinds of people.
Yes, character. To the extent that it affects a person's ability to do a great job.
Explain to me, if you can, Mr. Wheeler, explain this to me like I'm a ten year-old. This trial is not about a disease, is that what you're saying? <u>Not</u> about your understandable, if unfounded, fear of catching AIDS through casual contact with someone who has it? You're saying, this trial is about Andrew Beckett's character. Am I getting this right?
... we've got a committee meeting.
But he's got lots of other people's lives to ruin...
And I hate to rush you out of here, but...
We don't think it's fair to keep you here, where your future is limited. But we wish you luck, Andy, all the luck in the world.
In a word, yes.
Let's put it this way, Andy: your place in the future of this firm is no longer secure.
You're in trouble.
Andy. Before we begin, I'd just like to say: everyone in this room is your friend.
Get a life.
You're the asshole, buddy.
Fuck you! You want to kick my ass? You want to try?  Asshole.
Don't you know this is exactly the kind of bullshit that makes people hate you guys?
Take it as a compliment. Geesh.
Relax? I ought to kick your faggoty little ass for you!
Do I look gay to you? Relax.
What's the matter with you? Do I look gay to you?
Aren't you?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... do you think... ? You think <u>I'm</u>...  ... gay?
Would you like to have a drink with me? I just finished a game, I could use a beer.  I don't pick up people in drug stores every day.
Great.
Second.
Good school. What year?
Night, honey.
I'll see you in an hour, max.
My lettuce is wilting.
Did I ever tell you, I hate costume parties?
Great, Lisa. Thank you.
Okay, so... help me with this one, Joe... Is it disgusting for someone to put his dick into someone's mouth? Or, is it disgusting for someone to take a dick into <u>their</u> mouth?
Lisa, c'mon. One guy sticking his dick in another guy's mouth? It's disgusting.
Two men making love... ? Now tell me again... <u>why</u> is that disgusting?
Yeah... ?
Joe?
Very funny. I had a box of Pampers under my arm for Chrissake!
Have you changed your aftershave?
Is there some kind of expression I've picked up from Beckett?! Some kind of fairy attitude I've unconsciously adopted?! Am I walking different?! Some kind of vocal thing?! Have I picked up some kind of homo <u>vibe</u>?!
Don't know, Joe.
Would you take a client if you were constantly thinking: "I hope this guy doesn't touch me. I don't even want him to <u>breathe</u> on me?"
That's perfectly clear.
And the way they work out, pumping up, so they can be macho and faggot at the same time... I can't <u>stand</u> that shit. Now I'm being totally honest with you.
Fine, Joe.
I mean, two guys, doing the horizontal thing? I don't get it. Don't they get confused? "Is that mine? I thought it was yours." Hey, call me old fashioned, call me conservative... I think maybe you have to be a man to get just how nauseating the whole basic idea really is.
Okay, Joe...
Allright. I admit it: I'm prejudiced. I don't want to work with a homosexual. You got me.
Probably since she was born.
Since when?
Duh...
Your Aunt Teresa is gay? That beautiful, sensuous woman is a... <u>lesbian</u>?
Karen Berman. Aunt Teresa. My cousin Tommy who lives in Rochester. Eddie Meyers from the office. Joe Cantwell, he's one of the partners. His lover, Greg. Stanley, the guy who's putting in our kitchen cabinets.
Who?
Lots.
How many do you know?
How many gays do you know?
Not especially.
You have a problem with gays, Joe.
Give me the camera, Joe.
You load the film... ? No, on this side... or this side? Don't move the baby!
Tell Iris all about it.  Take good care of Mrs. Finley, Iris.  Beckett, come in.
Now that you mention it...
Of course you have a case! Now, I want you to go with my assistant, Iris, and fill out some forms. She'll tell you about our fee arrangement.  Mrs. Finley? Any back pain since the accident? Dizziness? Nightmares?
Yeah. Do I have a case?
Why should I?
Why didn't you cross at the crosswalk?
Right.
I felt, and still feel, nothing but the deepest sympathy and compassion for people like Maria, who have contracted this terrible disease through no fault of their own.
But didn't you avoid contact with Ms. Torres, after you found out she had AIDS? She says you acted repulsed by her and you avoided her, is that correct?
I <u>know</u> the difference. That doesn't mean I'm always able to recognize the difference.
So you are aware of the difference between a lesion and a bruise, is that correct?
<u>She</u> didn't try to conceal it.
Like firing Andrew Beckett taught <u>him</u> a lesson?
Yes, we did.
You taught him a lesson.
We stuck his head in the latrine, after ten of us had used it.
How did you do that?
Yeah. But we took care of him.
Like... two sailors playing hide the salami.
Going on... like...?
So during those long voyages, months at a time, out to sea, no women in sight, a hundred, hardworking, robust, young men, in the prime of their life, at the peak of their natural appetites, desires, their god- given, hormonal <u>instincts</u>... Anything going on?
Not when I was in the Navy.
Any women on board?
Anywhere from two weeks, to several months.
A trial takes <u>time</u>, Beckett. Do you know what I'm saying?
Whoa, whoa...  What do you expect them to say, you're Alan Dershowitz?
Beckett?
Your Honor? May I have ten minutes in re-direct?
This would be a good time to break for the day...
You had one guy "like that?"
Let's continue.
No. We don't... However, as regards this witness, I'm going to sustain the defense's objection.
With all due respect, Your Honor... We don't live in this courtroom, do we?
In this courtroom, Mr. Miller, justice is blind. To matters of race, creed, color, religion. And sexual orientation.
Very good, Joe. Now, Belinda, I've got a figure over here, of one million, five. I...
Based on what my client would have earned over the next three years, including benefits and projected raises, and the extraordinary cost of medical care for someone with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome... We would settle today for the very fair amount of one million five hundred thousand dollars.
Hold it, Joe.  He wants to come back to work, Chuck.
Reinstatement at full salary. Back pay covering the period of unemployment and...
By God you <u>will</u> settle it! If you force this case to trial, young man, you'll regret it for the rest of your natural-born days... Now, Joseph. What would you require to settle this matter today?
If it please Your Honor, we <u>hope</u> to settle this matter.
On behalf of the defendants?
I'll take that under consideration, Your Honor.
I've seen your television commercials. "If you or anyone you know has been injured through the fault of others... It should say, "through the <u>negligence</u> of others."
Joseph Miller, Your Honor. Macready and Shilts Legal Services.
Attorney for the plaintiff?
You have to make a decision: is this guy partner material?
... to suit their personal desires, and the rest of us have to live with it.
Andy, you don't want this.
You'll be sorry, Beckett.
Holy Shit. Did you, Bob?
Wait a minute. The man was fired for incompetence, not because he has AIDS. You didn't know he was sick, did you, Bob?
We ought to be suing him.
Andrew brought AIDS into our offices, into our men's room. He brought AIDS to our annual goddamn family picnic.
Dr. J.!
Julius!
Helloooo...
Andy. It seems that something has come over you, lately: A kind of... stupor, a fogginess, a lack of focus... Earth to Andy. Anybody home?
Kings are out of fashion. I'd rather be thought of as a benevolent tyrant.  It's an anti-trust action.
It's good to be King, hey Charles?
... It's time to get this society back on track!
... But we shouldn't have fired him...
... But now, we're standing up for ourselves...
I didn't tell the others, I was afraid to...
If you feel differently, Bob, you should say so, when you're called to the stand. After all, this isn't a conspiracy.
Charles...
Very interesting, Bob. Let's make a note of that. Andy didn't lose the complaint in his computer. He never put it in. He lied about that, too.
No matter how hard I try, I can't lose a file in my computer.
... keep them from that area, on grounds of relevancy.  What, Bob?
I've discovered something interesting, Charles.
Bob. I must ask you to shut the fuck up. Did Andrew Beckett say "I might not be able to serve our clients to the <u>best of my ability</u>?" He said nothing. And now, Andrew Beckett proposes to haul me into a court of law, to sling accusations at me, in full view of the entire, Philadelphia, judicial establishment. My God.
He was doing a great job.
Bob. You're trying my patience. Andrew Beckett is making his private life our business. We gave him Kronos. Did he say, "I'm sick. I might not be able to see this through?"
That's kind of... extreme, Walt. Andy's private life is none of our business.
Let's settle with Andy and put this whole tragic mess behind us.
What deviant groups or organizations did he secretly belong to?  What is it, Bob?!
Charles...
What about other homosexual facilities, whatever they are?
Jesus.
... interview every employee, support staff, associates, partners. Did <u>any</u> of them know Andy was sick? <u>How</u> did they know? Did he tell them? Did they notice something was wrong with his appearance? None of this information got to the managing partners. We know that. Make sure everyone else does too... And Beckett: I want to know everything about his personal life. Did he frequent those pathetic bars on Camac Street?
Not sure. I was just runnin' away when this whole thing....
Not sure where to go. I was just runnin' away when this whole thing started.  Where you goin'?
Probably okay to talk to me now.
Yeah, yeah -- we're all fuckin' amazed. Anyone not ready for this?
You came for us....
It's a fucking staircase! Go over it! GO OVER IT!
What? What is it?
He died fast. And if we got any choice, that's the way we should all go out.  Don't you cry for Johns. Don't you dare.
Gonna lose everybody out here....
Lookit. Lookit!
Don't wanna miss this.
Oh, sure. Why not? Sounds like a hoot.
You mean...tonight? With all those things still out there?
It was just somebody else. From the crash. He was just....
Oh, Lord....
Assailing my fragile sense of security, that's what.
Okay, it was me. What'd I do now?
Tell me that was you.
<u>What</u>?
Audrey? Oh, Audrey....
Doesn't seem like enough to turn back on, does it?
Three full bottles. But almost time to refill.
Leave the sled, let's go, go, go!
What're they doing? What're <u>we</u> --
Bring the light!
No, we'd never....Oh, God, honey, you shoulda told me sooner.
I didn't want you to leave me there... back at the ship...that's why I didn't say anything....
Four fulls, one half. That mean we're halfway there? I hope?
Bottle-count.
Well, is someone coming for us? Or are we all just gonna die of exposure or dehydration or sunstroke or maybe even something worse?  Hey, you don't have to worry about scaring me.
Liquid oxygen canisters inside. Start ripping them out. Quick hits only -- try to make it last.
But I'm human. I know you view that as a weakness, but I'm sorry -- I <u>do</u> feel fear, theirs too. Goddamnit, Riddick -- yes. I would die for them.
You barely know them.
I would try for them.
You'd die for them?
No one's gonna blame you. C'mon. Take my hand and save yourself, Carolyn.
But they...they could still be....
Just give me your hand.
Don't do this to me....
Here. Make it easy on you.
I can't....I can't....
Step aboard, Carolyn.
No, you see, I <u>promised</u> them...I have to...I have to go and....
'Course I am -- but doesn't mean I won't leave you here. If you believe anything about me, better be that.
You're fuckin' with me. I know you are.
They're already dead. Get on board.
Got a better idea. Come with <u>me</u>.
Just come with me!
Truthfully? I wouldn't know how.
<u>I trusted you</u>, Riddick. Goddamn, I trusted that some part of you wanted to rejoin the human race.
Confusin' me with Johns now -- fear was <u>his</u> monkey. I only deal in life and death. All that stuff in between? Some shade of grey my eyes don't see.
What, you're afraid?
Think you've mistaken me for somebody who gives a fuck.
I promised them we'd go back with more light. And that's exactly what we're gonna do..
You're not leaving. Not until we go back for the others.
Strong survival instinct. Admire that in a woman.
We can't make it.
Tell me the settlement is right there! RIDDICK, PLEASE!
Riddick? How close?
So where the hell's God now, huh?  I'll tell you where! He's up there PISSING ON ME!
As fast as you can.
You sure you can keep --
As fast as you can.
Let's drop back an' boot up.
We're just here to carry your light, aren't we? Just the torch-bearers.
Audrey?
One or two.
How many you see?
So everybody huddles together till the lights burn out? Until you can't see what's eating you? That the big plan?
Get out of our way.
Back to the ship, huh?
What it's gonna be like when we hit that canyon. With her bleeding.
What about her?
Think about what?
Canyon ahead. I circled once to buy some time to think.
<u>Listen</u>.
Riddick? What the hell are you --
Hunger. I see 60 years of hunger.
What do you see? Riddick?
Saw something I didn't like.
Where are the sand-cat tracks? Why aren't we still following them?
Actually...  That's what I been askin' myself.
We can, can't we? Trust you?
Been a long time since anyone's trusted me. That's somethin' right there.
Nobody's gonna turn a murderer loose. I fuckin' knew better.
But I just wanted to say --
Had it with deals.
Riddick...was thinkin' we should make some kind of deal. Just in case, you know, this actually --
Well, guess if it was trickeration he'd just do me, huh? Then again...I am worth twice as much alive.  Didn't know? Johns ain't a cop. Oh, he's got that shiny badge an' all, but nah -- he's just a merc and I'm just a payday. That's why he won't kill me. The creed is greed.
Why, what'd you hear?
You scare me, Riddick. That's what you wanna hear, isn't it? There, I admit it, Can I get back to work now?
I asked what <u>you</u> thought.
Entered our minds.
An' now you're worried about a repeat of history?
I got the quick-and-ugly version.
Strange, not doin' a run-up on the main drive yet.  Strange unless he told you the particulars of my escape.
They're coming.
Power cells.
Look deeper.
Then where is he? He's not in the hole. We looked.
Fairly fuckin' ironic, wouldn't you say? Slamlight's so dim that you go and get your eyeballs taken out and shined up -- then you wind up here. Three ass-kick suns.  Maybe I did do a few people. But not this one. No ma'am, not this time.
Heard about it. Just never seen it.
Slam doctor. Well, we called him "doctor."
You did this? To yourself?
Show me your eyes.
All you people are so scared of me -- an' most days, I'd take that as a compliment -- but it ain't me you gotta worry about now.
The ones tellin' me to go for the sweet spot -- just to the left of the spine, fourth lumbar down. The abdominal aorta. What a gusher. Had a cup on his belt, so I used it to catch a little run-off. Metallic taste to it, human blood. Coppery. But if you cut it with peppermint schnapps, that goes away. Course, that's more for winter. Summertime, I take mine straight.
What whispers?
'Mean the whispers?
Tell me about the sounds. You told them you heard something right before....  If you don't talk to me, Johns'll take another crack at it -- at your skull.
I think I twisted my ankle running backwards like that. And I'm not sure I can....  Okay, that's a lie. I just don't want to be alone back there anymore. If you could just give me a few minutes up front here --
What, switch what?
Can we switch?
Let's move.  Just a detour. He'll get us there.
We'll have to carry the cells...drag them...whatever it takes.
I hate to kill a beautiful theory with an ugly fact, but that sand-cat won't run at night.
Awright. So maybe we'll have enough light.
Possibly.
Those umbrellas, the ones that mist. Would they burn?  If you got a receipt?
Not sure. Ten?
How many bottles?
Spirits. Anything over 45 proof burns well.
...one cutting torch...one handlight here, two more in the cabin...I <u>think</u> two more....
It hurts them. Light actually hurts them....
Like the light is scalding it.
There....
I know what's in here!
Christ, you don't know what's out there!
Cargo hold, everyone in the cargo hold. lesgo, lesgo, lesgo.
Just a suggestion, but perhaps we should flee.
It's starting....
What do my eyes see?
200-year-old single-malt scotch is to "booze" as foie gras is to "duck guts."
This is it? Booze? <u>That's</u> what you have to drink?
How much you weigh right now, Fry? Huh?
We cannot go through there....
Would you RAG YOUR STUPID HOLE!
-- tried to kill us in our sleep. Paris had it right -- we <u>are</u> disposable. We're just walking ghosts to her.
Just shut up, okay?
-- she tried to blow the whole fucking passenger cabin, tried to kill us --
This does not help us, Johns.
No, no, you're right, Fry. What's to be afraid of? My life is a steamin' pile of meaningless toadshit anyhow. So I say mush on! Canyon's only couple hundred meters, after that we're in Skiff City! So why don't you just butch up, stuff a cork in that kid, and get --
Are you fucking high again? Just listen to --
I dunno. Nice breeze, wide open spaces -- you know, I'm startin' to enjoy myself out here.
I was wrong. I admit it. My bad, okay? Now let's just go back to the ship.
Hey, <u>you're</u> the one who got me out here, turned me into a goddamn sled dog. An' now you 'spect me to go back like a <u>whipped</u> dog?
Stay in the light! Everybody! Stay in the fucking --
We aren't completely stupid.
Riddick. <u>Riddick</u>.
So you noticed too?
I don't get it, Johns. What is so goddamn valuable in your life that you're worried about losing? Huh? Is there anything at all? Besides your next hype?  Got no right to be so scared. Neither one of us.
You give him the cells and the ship -- and he will leave you. He will leave you all out there to die.
We're just burnin' light here.
He'll lead you over the first cliff. You know that, don't you?
Because you're 79 kilos of gutless white meat, and <u>that's</u> why you can't come up with a better plan.
79 kilos.
How much?
What the hell's it matter?
How much you weigh, Johns?
Hey. Why don't you rag your hole for two seconds and let someone else come up with a plan that doesn't involve MASS SUICIDE?
For your own fear.
Smoke screen for what?
Oh, don't use her like that, for a smoke screen.
Look, we gotta think about everyone now -- the kid especially. How scared is she gonna be out there?
We can stick to the plan. If we get four cells back to the skiff, we're off this rock.
Oh, lady. If you're in your right mind, I pray you go insane.
'Sokay, 'sokay. I killed it.
Stop it, stop it, STOP IT!
You coulda helped. And you didn't.
My first run-in with Riddick. Went for the sweet-spot and missed. They had to leave a piece of the shiv in there. I can feel it, sometimes, pressing against the cord.  So maybe the care and feeding of my nerve-endings is my business.
Anything <u>else</u> we should know about you, Johns? Christ, here I am lettin' you play games with our lives when --
Owens was already dead. His brain just hadn't caught on to that fact.
<u>You</u> made it a problem when you let Owens die like that. When you had enough drugs to knock out a fucking mule-team.
Not a problem unless you're gonna make --
And here you got two mornings every day. Wow, were you <u>born</u> lucky?
You have a little caffeine in the morning, I have a little morphine. So what?
Never said you were a hype, either.
I never said I was.
You're not a real cop, are you? Just some mercenary who goes around talkin' about the law like --
I won't give him a chance to grab another ship -- or to slash another pilot's throat.
Dancin' on razor blades here...
He's a murderer. The law says he's gotta do his bid.
You know, he hasn't harmed any of us. Far as I can tell, he hasn't even lied to us. Just stick to the deal, Johns. Let him go if that's what it --
-- we need a fail-safe. Bring the cells over at the last possible minute -- when the wings are ready, when we <u>know</u> we're ready to launch.
You mean, if he learns that you're gonna royally fuck him over.
May've noticed chains don't work on this guy. Only way we're truly safe is if he believes he's goin' free. But if he <u>stops</u> believin' --
Oh, this is a dangerous game you're playing, Johns.
That's what I said.
You said we were going to trust him now. You said there was a deal.
He also figured out how to kill the pilot, Fry.
Okay, maybe that's a <u>good</u> thing. Maybe I can use him to help with --
Hijacked a prison transport, made a helluva good run 'fore I tracked him down.
He can pilot?
<u>Get the fucking cells over here</u>, Johns. What's the discussion?
We're not sure <u>when</u> it happens, so let's not --
Wait for what? Until it's so dark we can't even find our way back to --
Let's wait on the power cells.
...need those cells from the crash ship. Shit, still gotta check out the hull, patch the wings --
Wha'?
60 years ago.
Let's board this up and get the hell gone. They seem to stick to the dark, so if we stick to daylight, should be all --
So what happened? Where are they, then?
Rag it, Riddick. Nobody wants your theories on --
25 kilos each, huh?
15 6-gigs here...90 gigs total...other ship carries 20-gig cells, so...five. Five total to launch.
How many?
Okay, that should buy us a sys-check. But we'll need more cells.
Nothing we can't repair -- so long as the electrical adapts.
Little ratty-ass.
Thanks for the tip, Johns.
You said it, not me. Let's just not let one bad call lead to another.
What, you think I'm doin' this to prove something?
Hey. Bein' ballsy with your life now doesn't change what came before -- it's just stupid.
Nobody else is going down but me, okay?
I don't. But that ground looked none too stable, and I don't want anyone --
Thought you didn't believe his story.
Well, don't ask me to.
<u>We're gonna find the body</u>, Johns. Christ, you're a cop. Why am I tellin' you this? We gotta go down and find it.
I <u>am</u> sure. Look, murders aside, Riddick belongs in the Asshole Hall of Fame. He loves the jaw-jackin', loves making you afraid, 'cuz that's all he has. And you're playing right into --
Let's just be sure.
I <u>know</u> what happened -- he went off on the guy, buried him on the hill somewhere, and now he's trying to --
I assume he licked it clean.
So why isn't it all bloody?
Sir Shiv-a-lot. He likes to cut.
He used that?
Ease up, ease up. JOHNS! Just tell me what....
...I don't play that...I don't play that so just try again. C'mon, Riddick, tell me a better lie....
Like my pistola.
Like what?
Sorry. Thought I heard something.
Shut up.
No juice, looks like it's been laid up for years. But we might be able to adapt --
Thought he might be coolin' it in the boneyard -- could either double-back to the ship or slip in behind us. So I left the bottle out as bait.
What?
Didn't bite.
Fuck. Guess I'm more glad to be here than I thought.
So now you know.
During the landing...when things were at their worst...Owens was at his best. He's the one who wouldn't let the pilot dump the passenger cabin.
You see anybody else here? Just between you and me.
Promise me. Swear to me you won't --
Hey. You can tell me, Carolyn.
What'd Owens mean? 'Bout not touching the switch?
Better keep moving....
So I noticed. Never seen a "captain" quite so ready to leave her ship.
No, no, I wanted to get away.
Probably right.
Probably makes it worse. Dehydrates you even more.
Tell me it's not a mirage.
What?
Which means he went toward sunrise.
Thought you found his restraints over there. Toward sunset.
A very good sign.  That's Riddick's direction. You do <u>not</u> wanna be caught in the dark with this guy.
Little swamp-flu from the Conga system. Never shook it with all this cryo-sleep.
S'matter?
Only around humans.
I don't need his life story. Is he really that dangerous?
Be my choice. Already escaped once from the max-slam facility on --
We just keep him locked up forever?
Big Evil?
And him?
Carolyn Fry. I'd shake hands, but...
Amazing. I'm Johns.
Hey, me. Over here.
Hey, who?
Hey.
Johns is leaving you a gun. Just do me a favor, huh? Get my crewies buried? They were good guys who died bad.
What, you're goin' off, too?
Imam. We should leave soon. Before nightfall but while it's cooler.
Ask if anyone has anything in cargo! Anything to drink!
Well? Is it just the pump?
Somethin' knocked us off-lane. Maybe a rogue comet. Maybe we'll never know.
So what the bloody hell happened, anyways?
It's the atmosphere. Too much pressure, not enough oxygen. Might take a few days to --
70 seconds! You still got 70 seconds to level this beast out!
Owens!
And there wasn't a simulated cockroach alive within 50 clicks of the simulated crash site! <u>That's</u> how they train you! On a fucking simulator!
When captain went down, you stepped up -- whether you like it or not. Now they train you for this, so --
Company's not here, is it?
Look, Fry. Company says we're responsible for every one of those --
So what, we should both go down too? Out of sheer fucking nobility?
You mean that "load" of passengers?
Can't get my nose down...too much load back there....
Fry?
Just tell me we're still in the shipping lane. Just show me all those stars, all those bright, beautiful, deep-space....
1550 millibars, dropping 20 MB per minute, shit, we're hemorrhaging air. <u>Somethin'</u> took a swipe at us.
Oh, no. Not Owens, not.... Wai', wai', wait. <u>I'm Owens</u>. Right?
You hear me? Captain's dead. Owens too.
I mean, I mean, chrono shows we're 22 weeks out, so gravity wasn't supposed to kick in for another 19. I mean, I mean, I mean, why did I fall <u>at all</u>?
He's dead. Cap'n's dead. Christ, I was looking right at him when --
Why did I fall on you?
Rain.
Oh, no. No, no, no....
And what about the cells?
The sled as a shield....
Do what I say. Please.
I would rather we all stay--
Don't stop, just slow down.  Little more space 'tween us and them.
What?
Imam. Slow down.
No, I'm not. But <u>he</u> can.
And you're certain you can find the way back? Even in the dark?
They're afraid of our light. That means we don't have to be so afraid of them.
Riddick?
Hasan?
Quiet, please. Everyone.
I saw the cut-marks on the bones. Wasn't a natural die-off.
For now.
One is all?
We're all on the same hajj now.
Frightening thought.
Chrislam teaches that once in every lifetime should there be a great hajj -- a great pilgrimage. To know God, better, yes, but to know yourself as well.
You were on a pilgrimage? To New Mecca?
"Some prophet guy." And a city man. But he had to travel to the desert -- where there was quiet -- to hear the words of God.
Some prophet guy?
You know who Muhammad was?
So quiet. You get used to the sounds of the ship, then....
One of the Christian habits we <u>didn't</u> adopt -- perhaps unfortunately. We'll have to wait.
I don't suppose....
It's more a place where souls are found, Mr. Riddick.
Think a soul could get lost there? With all those pilgrim-types?
New Mecca....
KEEP GOING OR I WILL!
SULEIMAN!
Get the girl back under. Keep going.
Suleiman!
Give my blessing to the girl. She needs a spare.
He will be with us. Nonetheless.
'Cuz you don't spend half your life in lock-down with a horse-bit in your mouth and not believe. And you surely don't start out in a liquor store trash bin with an umbilical cord wrapped around your neck and not believe. Oh, absolutely I believe in God. And I absolutely hate the fucker.
You <u>don't</u> see.
I see. Well, even if you don't believe in God, it doesn't mean He won't be --
And pointless.
Blessing you like the others.  It's painless.
What're you doin'?
You mean....
Which half?
Where's Mr. Johns?
There is no "safe."
Well...we must keep her close, then. Here, she'll be safe if we put her between --
Has anyone checked the coring room?
Has anyone seen the young one? Ali?
Listen to her? <u>Her</u>? When she was willing to sacrifice us all?
She's the captain, we should listen to --
He's running us 'round in circles. Look for yourself. Look!
We crossed our own tracks.
Please...this solves nothing...please....
Oh, Trash Baby, you're gonna regret this.
Those suns gotta come back <u>sometime</u>. And if these animals really are phobic about light, we just sit tight till then.
I had the impression...from the model... that the two planets were moving as one. That there would be...a lasting darkness.
The child heard you before any of us could even....
We got you...it's okay, it's okay...we got you now....
I'm born-again.
"God is Great," yes?
All deserts have water, somewhere. God shall lead us there.
For what? There is no water. You understand that, don't you?
Oh, so I'm disposable?
She's the pilot, she should stay close to the cells.
Not staying in here another....
Very big beads.
Like an emergency life-raft, right?
Well, just a skiff. Disposable, really.
Didn't say that. But least this way I don't have to worry about falling asleep and not wakin' up.
So just like that. Wave your little wand and he's one of us now.
Maratha crow-bill war-picks from Northern India. Very rare.
What the hell are these?
I'll need a receipt for that.  For all these.
A toast to whatever he just said.
Be surprised what these will fetch in the Taurus system. Here. This Wooten here -- easy, easy. Very rare.
King Tut's tomb....
Anyone else having breathing problems? Aside from me?
...then we saw this.
Like who, Mr. Chrislam?
Just wonderin' if we don't need a bigger piece of chum.
Aw, don't tell me you're growin' scruples.
Oh, you're a piece of art, Johns. They oughtta hang you in a museum somewhere. Or forget the museum -- maybe they should just hang you.
What's one more to you? Like <u>this</u> is the one that sends you to Hell?
What, you 'spect <u>me</u> to do it?
Then let's not name the Thanksgiving turkey, okay? I assume you still got a shiv.
What do you care?
What's her name, anyway?
Don' look, don' look, don' look....
So which one caught your eye?
Don't wanna feed these land-sharks -- just keep 'em off our scent.
Nice embellishment.
<u>Trawl</u> with it. There's a cable on the sled. We can drag the body behind us.
Sacrifice play. Hack up one body, leave it at start of the canyon. Like a bucket of chum.
Either way, figure it's something you can grab onto.
Kept calling it "murder" when I did it.
Look, it's hellified stuff -- but no different than those battlefield doctors when they have to decide who lives and who dies. It's called "triage," okay?
What if you're one of five?
Not if I'm the one.
Six of us left. If we could get through that canyon and lose just one, that'd be quite a fucking feat, huh? A good thing, right?
Just realized that, huh?
Ain't all of us gonna make it.
They been nose-open for her ever since we left. They go off blood.
Aw, this can't be happening to me....
No. She's not.
What're you jaw-jackin' about? Girl's not cut.
About the girl.
About how to kill us and still get these cells to the skiff. Goddamnit, we're just doin' the heavy lifting for this prick!
Hard to tell, sometimes...even for me... but looked like a bunch of those big boys chewin' each other's gonads off. Thought we'd swing wide. Okay by you?
Such as.
Looks clear.
Well, what's it look like now?
Said "looks clear."
<u>Fuck me</u>. You said "clear."
How 'bout a cut in your gut?
I'm willing to take a cut in pay.
Think about that reward, Johns.
Wanna rag your fat mouth?
Well, you got the big gauge.
I'd rather piss glass.
Not afraid of the dark, are you?
Are you fuckin' kidding me?
If you were me, I'd kill us both. C'mon, you wanna sit at the grown-up table or not?
My recommendation: Do me. Don't take the chance that I'll get shiv-happy on your wannabe ass. Ghost me, Riddick. Would if I were you.
Only if we both get outta this alive. And there may be a way.
You'd cut me loose, Boss?
Truth is, Riddick, I'm tired of this head-up shit. I wanna be free of you as much as you wanna be free of me.
For what? The honor of goin' back to some asshole of a cell?
Here's the deal. You work without the chains, without the bit -- without the shivs. You help us get off this rock....
Say that again.
Want you to remember this moment, Riddick. The way it coulda gone and didn't.
We're movin'. And I'm just wondering if I shouldn't lighten the load right now.
Found somethin' worse than me, huh?
Well, just keep your bloody-fuckin' eyes open. Don't want that ratbag sneakin' up on me bloody-fuckin' arse.
Amazing how you can do without the essentials of life -- so long as you have the luxuries.
So much for my cocktail hour.
So much for your nightfall.
Well, what's the need, anyway? If he's gone, he's gone. Why should he bother us?
'Cuz they couldn't hunt shit with these things, be my guess.
Blow-dart hunting stick from Papua New Guinea. Very <u>very</u> rare, since the tribe's extinct.
An' this?
Startin' to acclimate, anyhow. Take it.
What, it's broken?
Take it.
Just wanted his O-2.  Though I notice he tried to ghost my ass. When he shot up that stranger instead.
You were tryin' to kill him too.
I know you don't uncrate your emergency ship unless there's a fucking emergency.
Maybe they had weight limits, you don't know.
What, you don't really think they left with their clothes on the lines? Photos on the walls?
Doesn't need to be. Use this to get back up to the Sol-Track Shipping Lanes, stick out a thumb. You'll get picked up.  Right?
Not a star-jumper.
That's correct. And you will both stand trial for heresy.
Seal the cave?
Well? For a time the ancients kept humans as household pets.	Until the Lawgiver proved that man could not be tamed. Keep digging Cornelius. You'll find evidence of the master of this house: an ape.
No sir, I haven't forgotten.
Your conclusion is premature. Have you forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth Scroll?  'And Proteus brought the upright beast into the garden, and chained him to a tree, and the children made sport of him.'
A doll alone proves nothing. True. But the doll was found beside the jawbone of a man -- and no trace of simian fossils has turned up in this deposit.
To begin with, your methods of dating the past are crude, to say the least. There are geologists on my staff who would laugh at your speculations.
I apologize.
Don't speak to me in absolutes. The evidence is contestable.
Indeed, the very fact that these tools are unknown to us could suggest a culture in certain ways almost equal to our own. Some of the evidence is uncontestable ...
I've seen some of your fossils and artifacts. They're worthless.
We've never meant to be treasonable, sir.  But up there, in the face of that Cliff, is a vast cave -- and in that cave a fabulous treasure of fossils and artifacts.
I ask you to reconsider the rash course you've taken. If you're convicted of heresy, the most you'll get is two years. But if you persist in pointing guns in my direction, you'll hang for high treason.
It wasn't difficult. Only an apostate or a lunatic would flee to the Forbidden Zone.  I see you brought along the female of your species.  I didn't realize a man could be monogamous.
How did you know we'd come here?
Yes, sir, so it was -- thanks to you. But not before I discovered evidence of a simian culture that existed long before the Sacred Scrolls were written ...
He exceeded his orders. His travel permit was promptly revoked.
Certainly, sir. It's a pleasure to see you again.
You know Dr. Maximus, our Commissioner for Animal Affairs?
Oh., no., sir. I was just assembling my notes.
Did you forget our appointment, Cornelius?
Dr. Zaius --
Certainly, sir. I'll get my notes and come right over.
Cornelius, if you have a moment today, I'd like to discuss this expedition of yours in more detail.
Good luck then.
They can't convict us of that. You proved our innocence. Besides...  ... his culture is our culture.
And now you know the truth.  Cornelius has beaten you, Doctor. He proved it. Man preceded you here. You owe him your science, your language, whatever knowledge you have.
That was different. We thought you were .... inferior.
Reconstructing a life. Care to have a look?
What are you doing there?
Yes. I have to agree. From all you've found so far, his position's as good as yours.
No. You saved me from this fanatic. Maybe I can pay you back.
Taylor, I'd rather you -
Shut up.
Taylor, you're not in command here. Put down that gun.
If there's any shooting, Dr. Zaius, you'll be the first to die. Depend on it.
Right now, if you like.
When are you going to show me what's in the cave?
No one really knows. It's an ancient taboo. Set forth in the Sacred Scrolls. The Lawgiver pronounced the area deadly.
You've never told me why this region's called the Forbidden Zone.
It empties into a sea some miles from here. That's where the cave is.
Where does the river lead?
I know ... Nevertheless, I thank you for saving us. You'll be in trouble for going there.
Sorry, Taylor. The terrain around that lake is poisonous. There is no fresh water, no vegetation. Nothing.
Nothing much. The remnants of a life raft. Maybe a small flag. The emblem of my countrymen.
It's a long detour to Dead Lake. What would we find?
You still don't believe me, do you?
To the diggings I worked at a year ago. It's a three day ride across the eastern desert, near where you claim you landed from that planet of yours.
Zaius seems to think there might be another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone. That's what  we'll try for. What about you?
As you wish.
Just the same, I want one.
The best. But we won't need them.
Do you have any weapons?
Well, Taylor -- we're all fugitives now.
Right.  Let's put the water and provisions in the wagon.
We'd better get started. If the mounted police pick up our trail, they'll come this far at least.
There was one bad moment -- some hunters stopped us.
How did it go?
Zira....
A toy. It floats on the air.  Try it.
Zira, listen to me. We've got a fine future ahead of us. Marriage. Stimulating careers. I'm up for a raise --
Oh, Cornelius, show some strength!
No, thank you'. I won't get into that battle.
Well, maybe they're not.
Because if he is a missing link, it means the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their parchment.
'I am not a missing link.'
How can scientific truth be heresy? What if Taylor is exactly the proof you needed? A mutation. A missing link between the unevolved primate and the ape -
That was before Dr. Zaius and half the Academy said the idea was heresy.
You didn't think so then.
The evidence was very meager --
-- that the ape evolved from a lower order of primate, possibly man. In his trip to the Forbidden Zone he discovered traces of a culture older than recorded time -
It's probably wrong --
Cornelius has developed a brilliant hypothesis -
No, they won't -
Don't be foolish. If it's true, they'll have to accept it.
Zira, are you trying to get my head cut off?
But what about your theory? The existence of someone like Taylor might prove it.
I don't. And I'm not going to try.
'Then how do you account for me?,
No creature can survive in that part of the Forbidden Zone. I've been there. I've seen it.
Cornelius, why do you insist on provoking him?
And even if it weren't, why fly? Where would it get you?
Flight is a scientific impossibility.
And they fell out of the sky with you?
'Dodge was killed in the hunt. What happened to Landon?'  I don't know.
Oh, Cornelius, be quiet.
Now, just a minute --
Where did you learn to do this?
Dear, you're a scientist. Don't you believe your own eyes?
It's a stunt. Humans don't write.
Zira, come on. You know they can't --  Oh oh. Here comes Number One.
The blood transfusion.
Remembers what?
Look -- she remembers.
Watch.  Hello, Bright Eyes. How's our throat today?
What's so special about him?
That's Bright Eyes. The one I was telling you about.
Neither do I.
No.
Do you have to work tonight?
Blessed are the vegetarians.
Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us.
Let's find them all.
Where there's one there's another. And another. And another.
You're more than three hundred light years from your precious planet. Your loved ones have been dead and forgotten for twenty centuries. Even if you could get back, they'd think you were something that fell out of a tree.
Taylor -- quit riding him.
None at all.
Any particular reason?
That way.
Which direction?
Okay. If there's no life here, we've got just seventy-two hours to find it. That's when the groceries run out.
No.
Any sign of dangerous ionization?
Nothing will grow here .... there's just a trace of hydrocarbons, and most of the nitrogen is locked into nitrates.
Good question.  Landon -- check your communications kit.
But how long is a day?
One pistol... twenty-four rounds of ammo. two medical kits.. one camera... one TX9.  We've enough food and water for three days.
Yo!
Geiger counter?
Yo!
Got your sensors?
They're still dirty. And their bite is septic. Look at that ...
The foundations of scientific brain surgery are being laid right here - in studies of cerebral function in these animals.
Hmph.
That's because Dr. Zaius realizes our work has value.
You do pretty well when it comes to getting space and equipment.
What do you mean, made it? I'm an animal psychologist, that's all. We don't have any authority.
But the quota system's been abolished! You made it. Why can't I?
These animals are dirty, doctor. They stink, and they carry communicable diseases. Why aren't they cleaned up before they're brought here?
This place is dirty, doctor.
I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood.
Will he live?
Him.
Which one was wearing the strange clothes?
Be it so ordered. The Tribunal will examine all the evidence presented here and in due time render a verdict on the proposed indictment and on the disposition of the deviate in question.  This hearing is adjourned.
Yes, sir. The State charges Doctors Zira and Cornelius with contempt of this Tribunal, malicious mischief and scientific heresy.
Sustained.
Objection!
Sustained.  Your archeological theories have no bearing on the disposition of this creature.
Objection! These remarks are profane and irrelevant.
Very well. I suggest we go and look at them.
That's true, Dr. Zaius. My witnesses -- correction -- my exhibits are on display in the amphitheater.
Proceed. But don't turn this hearing into a farce.
He can reason? With the Tribunal's permission, let me expose this hoax by direct examination.
Directly, Mr. President. This wretched man, the accused, is only a pawn in the conspiracy. We know that he was wounded in the throat at the time of his capture. The State charges that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon named Galen experimented on this wounded animal, tampering with his brain and throat tissues to create a speaking monster ...
Come to the point, Dr. Honorius.
There is a conspiracy afoot to undermine the very cornerstone of our Faith
Learned Judges: My case is simple. It is based on our first Article of Faith: that the Almighty created the ape in his own image; that He gave him a soul and a mind; that He set him apart from the beasts of the jungle, and made him the lord of the planet.
State your case, Mr. Prosecutor.
Well, Dr. Zira? This is a man, is he not?
Objection. The accused is indeed a man. Therefore, he has no rights under ape law.
Show this to the President.
Ridiculous. That answer is a contradiction in terms. Tell us, Bright Eyes, why do men have no souls? What is the proof that a divine spark exists in the simian brain?
Some apes, it seems, are more equal than others.
Of course he doesn't know our culture - because he cannot think.  Tell us why all apes are created equal.
I admit, I know nothing of your culture.
Tell the court, Bright Eyes -- what is the second Article of Faith?
Do as I say.
He's vicious, Doctor. Besides, it's against the rules.
Get me a collar and leash. I'm taking him to the infirmary.
I'll see.
Those fools and their torches! Do you have any ointment?
What happened?
Well, you know what they say. Human see, human do.
He's trying to form words.
Huh?
Did you see that? It's remarkable!
See? He keeps pretending he can talk.
Awww, it still hurts, doesn't it?
Don't be silly. He's perfectly tame.
You could get hurt doing that, Doctor.
No change. The minute you open the door, he goes into his act.
Good morning, Julius. How's our patient today?
Good morning, Dr. Zira.
You're our optimist Look at the bright side. If that's the best there is around here, in six months we'll be running this planet.
We got off at the wrong stop.
Try telling them our names.
No cigar.
Okay.
Can we take a dip?
Let's take a look.
Scarecrows?
I'd like to know why not. You thought life on Earth was meaningless. You despised people. So what did you do? You ran away.
But I'm not prepared to die.
Dodge ... he's not like me at all. But he makes sense. Held walk naked into a live volcano if he thought he could learn something no other man knew. I understand why  he's here. But you...You're no seeker. You're negative.
Don't bother
Okay. You read me well enough. Why can't I read you?
Oh, and one last item. Immortality. You wanted to go on forever.  Well, you damn near made it. Except for Dodge and me, you've lived longer than anybody. And with Stewart dead, it looks like we're the last of the strain. You got what you wanted, kid. How does it taste?
Taylor.	I'm telling you --
And the glory, don't forget that. There's a life-sized bronze statue of you somewhere. It's probably turned green by now, and nobody can read the name plate. But never let it be said we forget our heroes.
Climb off me, will you!
Straighten me out on something. Why did you come along at all? You volunteered. Why?  I'll tell you. They nominated you for the Big One and you couldn't turn it down. Not without losing your All-American standing
I'm prepared to die.
There's only one reality left. We're here and it's now. You get ahold of that and hang on tight, or you might as well be dead.
All right --
What would you learn? I've told you where you are and when you are.
If only we could get a fix.
It's a fact, Landon. Buy it. You'll sleep better.
Prove it. If we can't get back, it's still just a theory.
Because time has wiped out everyone and everything you cared for -- they're dust.
long pause) You know it.
Apart from that, you look pretty chipper for a man who's two thousand and thirty one years old.  I read the clocks. They bear out Hasslein's hypothesis. We've been away from Earth for two thousand years, give or take a decade.  Still can't accept it, huh?
By our time.  You've turned gray.
Then we've been away from Earth for eighteen months.
It's a little late for a wake. She's been dead nearly a year.
You don't seem very cut up about it.
Air leak. Died in her sleep.
Sorry...  I was thinking of Stewart. What d'you suppose happened?
Landon! Join the expedition.
We're some three hundred and twenty light years from Earth. On an unnamed planet in orbit around a star in the constellation of Orion.  That could be Bellatrix.
Well? Where are we? Have any notion, skipper?
We're here to stay.
Gone.
Forget it. Abandon ship.
It's no use ... there she goes.
To Earth! That we've landed!
What signal?
Landon! Send a last signal.
The flags of discontent. It's the only way anything ever gets changed.  Don't try to follow us.  I'm pretty handy with things like this.
What?
That's the boy. Keep 'em flying.
I think you're making a mistake.
Lucius.
I'll start by following the shoreline.  And my nose.
They think you're behaving foolishly. I must say I agree. Where will you go?
Yes, I can do that.
I want you to go around the bend and tell those gorillas their leader is my prisoner.
What is it?
All right, all right. Will You do me a favor? No orders.
Disillusioned...  But vindicated! I've been right all along. You can't trust the older generation. It's a matter of values --
Not everything. They left a hostage.  How do you feel, Lucius?
Relax. You'll see it all later.
Always giving orders. Just like every other adult.
Sorry, Lucius. You'll have to stay here and guard the horses.
In my world -- before I left it - only youngsters of your age wore un- scraped hair.
Why did you do that? Scrape off your hair?
I'm for that.
Shouldn't we be moving on?
Fine. Just let her out.
If you insist. But I'm not taking any orders --
I want her.
Zira doesn't want your female.
She comes along too.
Come on. Get me out of here.
So you can talk.  I'm Dr. Zira's nephew. This abduction was her idea. You're not really going to the zoo. That's just our cover story in case we're stopped.  Although I do feel that if it ever came down to a question of whether something like you should be public or private property --
Who are you?
To scare off humans?
The Hunt Club.
Who put them up?
Keep moving. We can't turn back now.
Gorilla hunters ...
All right...  Get in...hurry.  Put this on.
He wouldn't leave her.
I told you not to bring the other one.
At the very least, this man has the right to know whether there's a charge against him.
And our purpose is to settle custodial and jurisdictional questions concerning this beast, and determine what's to be done with him.
My own purpose is to save this exceptional creature from mutilation.
You asked for the opportunity to present your case. Surely you must know why you're here.
We're -- conducting a new experiment.
Why special?
Yes, Sir. But this -- creature is a special case.
I know it's a man. And you know the rules. No animals outside the compound, and most certainly not without a leash.
A man, Dr. Maximus.
What is that?
Bailiff! Stop this outburst! Gag that monstrosity!
You destroyed his memory! His mind! His identity! And, you want to do the same to me!
Dr. Zira! Silence that man!
One is in a museum!
Bailiff! Make the animal be quiet.
This hearing is absurd! Let me tell my story...
It says here that his name is Bright Eyes. You gave him that name yourself.
My name is Taylor.
Dr. Zira -- tell Bright Eyes to sit down.
Sustain all objections, but face the truth!
Sustained.
Let us assume, as common sense dictates, that the prisoner's story is false. But if he does not come from another planet, then surely he sprang from our own. Yes, sprang.  As an animal psychologist, I have found no physiological defect to explain why humans are mute.
How so?
Is it a joke to seek the truth about this man?
This is a joke in very poor taste.
Stop right there. Bring me that paper.
'I have come to you from a planet in a different solar system. I am an explorer in space, with no hostile intentions against your civilization. On my planet it was the primate Man who evolved Into a thinking animal, while the apes remained..."
Read it yourself.
Since the defendant is forbidden to speak in his own defense, he asks that this statement be read into the record.
Did we create his mind too? Not only can this man speak. He can write. He can reason.
Mind your tongue, madame.
ThatÕs a lie!
Then why is he called the accused Your Honors must think him guilty of something.
Sustained. In all fairness, Dr. Zira, you must admit the accused is a nonape, and therefore has no rights under ape law.
By your leave, Mr. President -- the Tribunal has not yet defined the purpose of this inquiry.
Let it be clear at the outset that all matters pertaining to this inquiry are confidential, and anyone discussing them outside this chamber will be held in contempt of the Tribunal.  You may proceed, Dr. Honorius.
Don't look for it, Taylor. You may not like what you find.
We're back at the beginning. I still don't know the why. A planet where apes evolved from men. A world turned wrong side up. A puzzle with one piece missing.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago.
What evidence? No weapons were found in the cave.
Because you are a man. And you were right -- I have always known about man. From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him -- even himself.
Why? From the first, I've terrified you, Doctor. And in spite of every sign that I'm an intelligent being who means no harm, you continue to hate and fear me. Why?
No, thanks. I'll take freedom.
Where else, but in a cage, does man belong?
Sure.	In a cage.
Of course, you could return with us. Our society might find a place for you and your mate.
Then there is another jungle?
He might have been wiped out by a plague. Natural catastrophe. Like a fiery storm of meteors. From the looks of this part of your planet, I'd say that was a fair bet.
Then answer this: If ran was superior, why didn't he survive?
Cease fire! Withdraw!
Tell him to pull back!
That's lunacy. I can give an alternate description for everyone of those objects that's equally as inventive as yours. But it would be conjecture, not proof.
I don't say he was a man like an Earthman, but I'd call him a close relative, for he was plagued by most of man's ills.  Yet, fragile as he was, he came before you -- and was superior to you.
Okay.Up to the cave.
Of course.
Very well. If Zira and Cornelius can prove that those scrolls don't tell the whole truth of your history; if they can show you definite evidence of another culture from an unrecorded past -- will you exonerate them?
Twelve hundred years ago.
When were the Sacred Scrolls written?
What is your proposal?
All right, let's see if you're willing to put that statement to a test.
There is no contradiction between faith and science. True science.
Don't be a fool. You're outnumbered and outgunned.
Stop right there.
You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are, Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone.  You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one.  Guards!
I'm not protecting anybody! That hearing was a farce. What have I done?
If you are protecting others of your kind, it will cost you your identity.
I don't know.
You may well call it upside down, since you occupy its lowest level. And deservedly.  The eastern desert has never been explored -- because we've always assumed that no life can exist there.  Save yourself, Taylor. Tell me -- is there another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone?
Thank you for calling me Taylor.  Dr. Zaius, I know who I am. Who are you? How did this upside down civilization ever get started?
I admit that where there's one mutant there's probably another. And another. A nest of them. Where's your nest, Taylor? Where are your women?
Then you admit --
Because you're not unique. There was the one you call Landon --
All right, suppose I am a mutant? Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic?
Of course.
That's exactly what Zira and Cornelius claim. You're talking heresy, doctor.
Certainly not.	You're a mutant.
I take it you don't believe the prosecutor's charge -- that I'm a monster created by Dr. Zira.
A fort! Unconsciously, you chose a name that was belligerent.  Where were you nurtured?
What about it?
Then how is it we speak the same language?  Even in your lies, some truth slips through! That mythical community you're supposed to come from -- Fort Wayne'?
My tribe, as you call it, lives on another planet in a distant solar system.
You lied. Where is your tribe?
I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours.
However, it's within my power to grant You a reprieve.  That is why I summoned you here tonight.  Tell me who and what you really are and where you come from, and no veterinary will touch you.
Emasculation, to begin with. Then experimental surgery. On the speech centers. On the brain. Ultimately, a kind of living death.
No.
Oh, your case was preordained. In a way, you performed a service for the State ...  Because your hearing made it possible for us to expose Zira and Cornelius.  And now the Tribunal has placed you in my custody for...final disposition. Do you know what that means?
What about me?
Identify him, then. Speak to him.
With one of them.
Well...do you acknowledge kinship with any of these creatures?
God bless you.
Go with God, Taylor.  That's an old expression. it comes from both ape and man.
All right, but....  ...you're so damned ugly!
Dr. Zira, I'd like to kiss you good-bye.
It's better than going to prison for heresy.
We can't.
Would you like to come along?
Wasn't I humiliated? By all of you? Didn't you lead me around on a leash?
It's humiliating.
Why not?
Taylor, please -- don't treat him that way.
Taylor, you can't.
Then tell them Dr. Zaius won't leave here alive.
He has a point. On my planet children often play with ape dolls.
Taylor! Tell him.
Except that he's also the Chief Defender of the Faith.
Taylor, please --
And that's your Minister of Science. Honor- bound to expand the frontiers of knowledge.
She's not sick at all.  She's pregnant.
What's the diagnosis, doctor? A touch of the sun?
You threw us together, remember? And you guessed right. Men, like apes, get despondent without a mate.
You want her that much?
Maybe not.
Actually, you're a different breed. This creature will never evolve.
Yes.
Are you going to take her with you?
You're going back to the Forbidden Zone?
Cornelius and I have been indicted for heresy. Unless we can prove our theories, we don't stand a chance of acquittal.
Taylor -- just keep quiet and we may get away with this. Remember that men all look alike to most apes.
Listen-
You did this to him! You've removed his frontal lobes!
No, I swear -- I never saw this man before.
You! ... You knew about this?
Second from the left.
Which one?
It's him...Landon.
A hearing.
What is this?
Shhhh!
Where have you been? Why didn't you come to see me?
Dr. Zaius, I could have sworn he was answering you!
I'm not acting! I can talk! How much proof do you want?
There! Can you believe it? I looks like he's talking.
My - name - isn't - Bright Eyes It's Taylor!
Speak! Go on.	Speak again.
Listen, listen -- I can speak --
Well, Bright Eyes, is our throat feeling better?
In a few minutes there will be no doll. There can't be.  I'm sorry.
But the proof? The doll?
He won't survive.  Do you know what sort of life awaits you out there, Taylor? That of an animal. If you aren't eventually hunted down and killed by apes, some jungle beast will devour you.
But suppose you find nothing but a wasteland. How will you survive?
What?
But there's the doll, sir.
Secondly, if these 'tools' as you call them, are unidentified, why are they introduced as 'evidence' of anything?
Sirs: our theories have a bearing on his identity.
Let them talk, Mr President. Let them talk.
Mr. President, I believe the Prosecutor has reassembled all he surviving humans captured in the hunt along with Bright Eyes.
He doesn't know.
How sad. Stuffed and mounted, eh? Dead men, like sunken ships, can tell no stories. And his other companion?
Where are they now?
This is his assertion.
But how convenient that the proof of his arrival has vanished?  You also state that Bright Eyes had two intelligent companions at the time of his capture.
Like you, I find it difficult.
Do you believe him?
I do not state it, sir. The prisoner does.
Dr. Zira -- you state here that a ship from outer space sank in an inland sea of our eastern desert.
Yes, Sir.
Wouldn't it more properly be done in your office?
But perhaps he understood --
Of course. He saw you moving yours.
He's moving his fingers!
KILL YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!
I SHIT on all o' you.
Yeah. Back about 100 metres. He's dead, now get going, the gooks are all over the fuckin' place.
He's dead! Where?... You saw him?
Elias is dead. Join up with the platoon. Move it.
I'll get him. You get the man in, Taylor  NOW. Or I'll Article 15 both your asses. Move!
...but 'Lias is still out there.
Where?
Bunker...
Don't tell me how to fight this fucking war, 'Lias, you go crying to fucking brigade on your time. Out here you belong to me. Now move.
...You keep pouring out that suppressing fire, Barnes. I don't wanna be caught out there with my ass hanging out you hear me?
Barnes, listen to me... there's 5-6 spiderholes back there  next to the church.  Third Platoon's coming up the stream to reinforce us. Flank's wide open, dinks get 3-4 snipers in these holes, when Third Platoon comes up, they'll get us in a crossfire with 'em. We'll shoot each other to shit, then they'll hit us with everything they got. It'll be a massacre!
Where the fuck is red platoon! Tell 'em to get their asses up here! What the fuck you doin' back here Elias? Round up your assholes and move 'em up front, we're getting chopped to shit.
YOU - you're going to fuckin' jail, buddy, you ain't getting away with this one!!!!!
You're dead, you're fucking dead Elias!
YOU AIN'T A FIRING SQUAD, YOU PIECE OF SHIT!!
Stay out of this Elias. This ain't your show.
WHAT THE FUCK YOU DOING!
Fuckers returned fire soon as we lit 'em up. Hard core fuckin' NVA. They got their shit together.
How the hell did he get away?
Blood trail just keeps going and going but no body.
I thought it was O'Neill's turn tonight.
Elias - you take your squad and I'll take Tex and Francis from your squad.  We move out in two-zero mikes. 
...everybody gotta die sometime Red... Get back to your foxhole.
Bob, I gotta bad feeling about this, I... I'm telling you I got a bad feeling, man, I don't think I'm gonna make it... y'know what I mean?
I'm talking to you Red and I'm telling you no. Get back to your position.
Hey Bob, come on! Talk to me hunh, it's your friend Red, I'm only asking you for three days chief...
I can't do that for you, Red... We need every swinging dick in the field. Sorry bout that... 
Bob, I got Elias' R&R... It's coming up in 3 days. Going to Hawaii. See Patsy.  I never asked you for a break, I was hoping you... you'd send me in on the chopper with King... what do you say Chief? 
Yeah, what is it?
Uh... Bob. Like to speak to you. Take a minute.
Yeah that long hairy orange and black bastard I found in the ammo crate. I'm gonna put it in this asshole's crotch, see if he can walk.
Sarge?
Shit. Get your boots on Martin, next time I catch you putting mosquito repellent on your fuckin' feet I'm gonna courtmartial your nigger ass.
Says he can't walk.
So what's the problem?
Yeah, they had claymores strung up in the trees, blew a whole fucking platoon to pieces. BAAD SHIT.
We got boo-coo movement. 3rd Battalion just got hit 15 kliks north of here. 
Shaddup bitch.
Don babytalk him man. Cocksucker fell asleep. They walked right up on us, he don do shit.
Yeah if you let me have your shirt.
You gonna wipe your ass dis time?
That reminds me, I gotta take a shit.
Hey Taylor, you don't know it but I saved your ass today. I killed a shit-eating dog. 
He's a fool alright but you a bigger fool. Hey, whiteboy, watcha waiting for - dat hole ain't gonna dig itself...
De fool think he's gonna get it but he ain't known for his thinking.
Youse a pig man. I hope Manny get dat laundry gig for' you do.
Tricky bitch, reason you gimme dat turkey loaf is nobody else can eat that shit 'cept me so don't start your game playing with me Junior.
C'mon man, didn't I do you right that time I give you the turkey loaf for the ham and lima beans shit.
Fuck you bitch.
Hey Big Harold, gimme your peaches for the fruitcake man.
Fuck this shit! I ain't dyin' in no white man's war! Ise didi-ing this motherfuckah!
Come on you can do better than that!
Only way you'd get some pussy is your bitch dies and wills it to you - and then maybe.
Yeah?
Sure, you probably stick it in tween her knees and think youse there.
Shit, I bet I been laid more'n you have.
Yeah, you had a piece of pussy on a plate in front of you, you'd probably kill it.
Y'ever look at yoself in the mirror Junior, youse uglier than a dick on a dog man. 
Youse so fucked up man.
Yeah but I still like a piece of pussy once in a while - ain't nothing like a piece of pussy cept maybe the Indie 500.
Don you worry Bunny, youse a killer anyway.
Say I can dig it. Smoke that shit everything kinda gets weird y'know?  Y'hear that story the gooks is putting chemicals in the grass so's we become 'pacifists' so's we don fight  Where the hell's everybody, they'se gettin high that's what - bunch of hopheads, they think they special...
Das right dude. You be tryin' to string de black man out on dat shit and keep him DOWN. Time's be coming, my man, when de black man's gonna throw off that yoke.
Whaddaya talking shit for man. Hey Junior! Y'ever smoke any shit?
Fuck that redneck noise, dude. All dem chicks be rappin' how dey losin' der' ho's and how dey ain't got no bread for beer. Fuck dat honky shit. Got to get me some motown jams, dig it?
Listen to that shit, that's good shit!
Okay, here it is - one, we got gooks in the fuckin' perimeter.
Rhah! What's going on. Rodriguez's hole just got...
Over here!
Taylor! Francis!
Wrong? You ain't EVER been right - 'bout nothing. And dig this you assholes and dig it good! Barnes been shot 7 times and he ain't dead, that tell you something? Barnes ain't meant to die. Only thing can get Barnes... is Barnes!
I was wrong.
You're wrong man! Any way you cut it Rhah, Barnes is a murderer.
You guys trying to cure the headache by cutting off the head. 'Lias didn't ask you to fight his battles and if there's a Heaven - and god, I hope so - I know he's sitting up there drunk as a fuckin' monkey and smokin' shit cause HIS PAINS HE DONE LEFT DOWN HERE. Baaaaaaaaa! 
Fuck this shit!
I suggest you watch your own asses cause Barnes gonna be down on ALL OF 'EM.
Then what do you suggest big shot?
Shit boy you been out in the sun too long. You try that, he'll stick it right back up your ass with a candle on it.
...See them go down? Like fuckin' target practice man, fuck you Charlie!! Ho Chi Minh sucks dead dick!... Crawford! 
I got one...
Yeah! I got two of them fuckers...
Hang tough, Gator. Hang in there, man, you're gonna be OK... just hang on.
Taylor - get your ass over here. Move!
'Lias come naturally.
Where's Elias come from?
Baaa, got no time to go to the movies. Love and Hate too busy fighting for possession of my soul.
You mean he's crazy? No more crazy'n the rest of us been out in the bush too long.
Does he have a metal plate in his head?
Barnes comes from Hell.
Where's he from?
You lame or something?
What?
You lame Taylor?
Jes' fine man, jes fine! Ain't never felt better! Both of us two timers man, we're out.  See you at the hospital man, we gonna get high-high yessir... 
Yeah. How 'bout you?
Hey Taylor, you okay man?
No!
Come on man!
Out there man - behind the log.
Where's Lerner?
They're scared? What about me! I'm sick of this shit man, I'm sick of this shit! They don't want us here! Who do you think they're fighting for! GET OUTTA THERE!
Hey take it easy man. They're scared.
La Dai! La Dai! GET THE FUCK OUTTA THERE!
No... I move faster alone. 
I'll go with you.
Yeah, those are the guys that live. I really don't think Death gives a shit, it's like a giant garbage can, I think it takes whatever it can get... you never know where it's gonna come from anyway... so why spin your wheels?
Do you believe that stuff about... knowing you're gonna die?
Oh shit! Sometimes there's things in my head... man. Grass does that to me, fucks me all up like a crazy Indian...
You really think so... us?
In '65 - yeah. Now...  No. What happened today's just the beginning. We're gonna lose this war...
And you, do you believe?
Barnes believes in what he's doing.
Barnes got it in for you, don't he?
That's a nice way of putting it.
Yeah. I love this place at night. The stars... there's no right or wrong in them, they're just there.
...beautiful night.
...don't feel like it either.
...I can't sleep, why don't you get some sack time.
Dawn...
Dawn! That was it!
She was a crossbreed, Chinese and Polish.
But what'd she actually do?
What didn't she do. She fucked the living shit outta me, that's what she did!
...But what'd she do?
Feelin' good's good enough.
Yeah. No pain in my neck now. Feels good.
Feel good?
Then the worm has definately turned for you man.
Yeah.
First time?
I gotta didi man. Don't wanna miss that chopper. I'll send you a postcard. After I get me some. I'll send you some tapes too man. This new guy Jimi Hendrix man, whew... you okay Taylor? Just 'member take it easy now, don't think too much, don't be a fool, no such thing as a coward cause it don't mean nuthin. Jes keep on keepin' on. Okay my man...
Hey that's great King, that's great... you take it on home for me, you tell 'em King... got your address right? You know where you can reach men, man. Anytime!
Does a chicken have lips? Whoever said we did, babe. Make it outta here, it's all gravy, every day of the rest of your life man - gravy. Oh shit, superlifer!
Not just me... it's the way the whole thing works. People like Elias get wasted and people like Barnes just go on making up rules any way they want and what do we do, we just sit around in the middle and suck on it! We just don't add up to dry shit.
Way out of anything, man. Just keep your pecker up, your powder dry, the worm WILL turn. How many days you short?
Y'ever get caught in a mistake King and you just can't get out of it?
'People say I'm the life of the party cause I tell a joke or two although I may be laughing loud and hardy deep inside I'm blue...'
Who gives a shit!
You been smoking too much shit babe. Gotta control that. Takes a man down... I remember when you first come out to the bush, you was straight as a...
...there's nobody.
Must be somebody?
Well sometimes a man jes don' wanna go back. How you gonna talk to civilians man? People back in the world just don't give a shit, y'know what I mean, to them you're a fuckin' animal is all -
Three years, Jesus, he's crazy as Barnes...
Later...
What are the heads?
Yo getting there Taylor. You be cool now and I'll introduce you 'round to some of the 'heads'.
Fuck it, don't mean nothing, no such thing here as a coward, done your best man, next time y'do better.
...you know that night we got hit... I... 
Go on, whatcha gotta lose, yo' here now...
No, thanks...
Here have some of this. Won't feel a thing.
Nah...
You okay man? Neck botherin' you?
Yeah, I dropped out of college and told 'em I wanted infantry, combat, and Nam...
You WHAT? Say 'gain.
I volunteered.
How the fuck you get over here man, you look like you educated...
Yeah, just stole me some from the Top's supply but he's stealing it from us anyway.  Chucks are coming. You better 'didi' man.
What you got there - beers?
Shit, too bad we in base camp anyway.
Okay - got light duty, three days.
Sounds like it.
What we got here a crusader?
You a crazy fucker, givin' up college man.
You volunteered for this shit man?
March man in Tennessee, sniff the pines... sniff that crossmounted pussy walkin' down by the river. What you got Taylor?  Let's see three hundred and WHAT?
Broke a 100. Got 92 to go. April 17. DEROS man. California this summer. Waves are good they tell me, surfin's gonna be good...
Forty-two days man and a wakeup and I'm a gone motherfucker. Back to de WORLD. 
Politics man, fuckin' politics. That O'Neill man got his nose so far up Top's ass he gotta be Pinocchio...
...Motherfuckah, motherfuckah, I'm too short to be dealing with this shit! They keep fucking with us man, no letup...
Knock it off! We got two men need attention here. Police up your extra ammo and frags, don't leave nothing for the dinks. Hoyt, Junior, carry Gardner.
Excuses are like assholes, Taylor - everybody got one.
Fuck you Elias.
Hey O'Neill why don't you cool it, you don't have to be a prick everyday of your life, you know.
So what am I going to do! Get one of my guys zapped so some fuckface fresh from the World can get his beauty fucking sleep!
They don't know shit Barnes, and chances are we gonna run into something.
Shit! Morehouse and Sal are short. Fu Sheng's going on R&R, you don't want to send their asses out on an ambush. You got the fresh meat Elias.
Maybe but I seen it happen at Ia Drang in '66, First Cavalry and they cut us to fuckin' pieces!  Give me three men, if I'm wrong, I can still roll up that flank.
Sounds pretty far out to me 'Lias.
No I don't. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, Elias! 
You know what I'm talking about!
What are you talking about! 
Why the fuck didn't you do something Lieutenant!
Alright, Six says torch this place! Blow the weapons in place. Round up all suspected Vee Cees and shake it up! We ain't got much light left.
They're on their way...  There's a gook village half a klik downriver, Battalion wants us to move in and search it ASAP, something's going on... where's Barnes?
Tell Six we need engineers here, this pos. is crawling with traps.
I remember first time you came in here Taylor you telling me how much you admired that bastard.
Right on.
He dugged his own grave.
Then you jes gonna forget 'bout Elias and all the good times we done had? Right in here.
So he got a reduced and come over here. Nam's his freedom man, Nam's his pussy. Three years he been here.
Not the only man to meet his Jezebel either.
Yeah, you done said it. Revenge on US.
The Good Lord works his revenge in strange ways.
...and you know how many times he done been shot?  Seven times!  Seven.
He done a year in Japan in the hospital, then when he gets out, the first thing he done is re-up. Four years he been in the field...
Barnes gets killed, his jaws'd go on clacking...
I know Barnes six months and I'll tell ya something - that man is MEAN, red in his soul like a dick on a dog.
Sheeit, beats burning hutches anyway...
Found it. Growing in a garden.
Whew! - where that come from?
Merle? Jesus!... Patty?
Merle?
This ain't Taylor. Taylor been shot. This man Chris been resurrected...
Whatcha doing in the underworld Taylor?
Baaaa! Fuck it, they sold us out - so what! What'd you'all expect? Civilian life is phoney BULLSHIT man. They're ROBOTS man - watchin' dopey television and drivin' dopey cars, and they fuck up, nobody dies. That's all right, you keep fuckin' up, politicians keep lyin'. Cause it don't really matter. Don't mean shit. So what! Whatcha want - a parade! Fuck that too! No war time no grunt never got no respect. Till he was dead - and even THEN! You're fighting for YOURSELF man! You're fighting for your SOUL, dat's all. Remember dat. And it's some goddamn battle too - if you'se a man, wrestle with that angel...  ...Love and Hate - the whole shitbang show, that's the story then and now and it ain't hardly gonna change...
I was home on leave y'know and everybody's just worried 'bout making money, everybody's out for themselves, they don't even want to talk about it man, it's like the fucking Twilight Zone back there - you wouldn't even KNOW there's a war on here. My sister says to me why you have to go there like I started this...
That's what he is... Baaaa!
Well he ain't normal that's fo sure.
Barnes took a bullet right there. At Ia Drang Valley...  And the cocksucker SURVIVED - that's BAAAD man. That's his high, baby. High on WAR!
Tennessee someplace. Hill country.
Bah, you're a child, Lerner. Rhah don't waste time on you.
I didn't like it.
If you're gonna do it man, 'least do it right.
And Baaaaaaa! back on you.
This is one time we could sure use Elias.
Right...
That's right. I don't want to hear about it 'cause to tell you the truth, I don't give a shit okay... I just don't give a shit anymore.
You don't want to hear about it?
I don't want to hear about it Jackson.
Hey Lieutenant I didn't ask for this job, I...
I don't want to hear your problems, Jackson. You'll get new men any day. Time being you make do like everybody else.
Begging your pardon Lieutenant but my holes are far enuff apart you could run a regiment through there and nobody'd see them - I got five live bodies left...
These two holes are yours...
Squad? I didn't know we was still referring to this platoon in terms of squads sir. 
Jackson, looks like you got Elias' squad now.
You wanted to see me sir?
Next time you try that, Mr. Mitchell...  ..don't. I'm warning you.
What's the matter, baby? Don't you like being kissed?
Just drunk enough.
I think you're drunk.
Maybe you're going to have to like me.
I don't like being referred to as babe, or addressed as baby. I don't like your possessive attitude, nor your hints of secret knowledge. In fact, to be very frank, Mr. Mitchell, I don't think I like you.
How careful should I be?
Please be a little more careful how you talk, Mr. Mitchell.
Why certainly, baby.
I think I'd like to dance.
How do you do?
Betty, this is Margo West. She wants to meet you. Miss Mayfield.
If I change my mind.
If you change your mind about the cocktail party, or anything else, give me a buzz.
Okay. You win.
Would you mind?
Don't I even get my face slapped?
I'm trying very hard to be polite about it.
The brush-off, huh?
Nobody I'd rather have on a leash.
Perhaps I'd better get you straightened out, Mr. Mitchell. You've been rather nice to me, in a couple of ways. And I'm grateful. But I don't think this entitles you to put me on a leash.
Nobody gets invited to Clark Brandon's parties. They just go.
I haven't been invited.
Well, how about a breeze up to the penthouse about six o'clock?  A friend of mine is throwing a cocktail party up there.
I'm sure you have.
We have some nice places around Vancouver.
I'm not in the mood for dining and dancing.
What's the matter?
Not tonight.
Dine and dance tonight? I've got fifty bucks to throw away.
Don't get me wrong, Betty. I'm not suggesting you murdered anybody, you know.

How about taking to Uncle Larry into the old firm? He's a useful guy to have on your side.
Yes?
I have a darned good idea you're name isn't Betty Mayfield at all.
I think you're a nice girl. I like you. But I can read signs if the print is large enough. It was your manner more than the wedding ring that bothered the inspector.  A sort of tenseness, as if you were afraid of something.
I'm supposing.
Suppose I hadn't known that immigration inspector? Hadn't put in a good word for you?
Thank you.
No thanks?
Very nice Mitchell turns.
Nice room. Balcony and everything. Lovely view too.
You don't know.
I don't know.
Indefinitely?
I really don't know.
A very small service. It doesn't even ask for thanks. How long for?
Well..
I'll make one for you.  I live there.
Is it? I expected to go to the Vancouver Royal. Should I have a reservation?
Where are you staying in Vancouver Royal. It's pretty crowded you know.
Perhaps I don't take it so lightly.
Or Reno?  They always throw them off the bridge there, I've heard.
I'm going to Vancouver, Mr. Mitchell.
Vancouver, B.C.
How far does this train go?
You could tell me your name. And where you're going.
I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about it, Mr. Mitchell.
Same as an hour ago. Remember? I'm the steady type.
My name's Larry Mitchell. I live in Vancouver.
No thanks, I've seen Seattle.
Possibly, Miss.
They might think I was running away from something.
Crossing the border this time of night they're a bit particular. You'd have to prove your identity, you know... unless you've got a passport. They might even want to know why you're in such a hurry.  Otherwise they might think...
Immigration Officer?
Well... they have to service the plane... and get a pilot down to the field, unless there's one hanging around there still... and then they have to get the immigration officer...
How long would that take?
I'm afraid there's nothing more tonight, Miss. Unless you charter a plane.
How soon can I get a plane to Seattle?
Good evening, Miss.
I'm carrying quite a large sum in Travelers checks. How much of a deposit would you like?
Merely for our records, Miss Mayfield. It's usual for the guests who come here for the first time.
Bank?
I'm Mr. Campbell, Miss Mayfield.  Purely as a matter of routine, I want to ask the name of your bank.
I'm Miss Mayfield. Is Mr.  Campbell here?
Good morning. Can I do something for you?
If I did-I don't-now.
Do you think I was faking?
I think you mean that.
Yes.  You.  You're not really a murderer yet.
Me?
If it has to be--do you mind if I do it myself?  Oh, I don't mean with the gun. This is no trick.  When I wrote that note you have in your pocket-- that was no trick either.  It's not so hard for me as you think. I'm not crying about it, I've been skating close to it for quite some time.  The water is cold down there--  But so is everything else.  And there's you.
This is it, Betty.  They'll find us again, fog or no fog.
Shut up!  Cut it out!  Even if I have to kill both of us--
Every day of your life you'll want me.  You'll never get over it. Every time you see your face in the mirror--
Would I want to?
But the next one is murder.  First the little step, then the longer step , and then the step you can never take back.  You could tell about Mitchell.  You could tell about Magruder--and the detective. It would hurt, but you could do it.  You could never tell about me.
You think Magruder wants to hang beside me?
Magruder does.
Who'd believe it but you?  I took him out to sea and threw him in the water.  Even if they find him, what connects him with me?
And that nasty man that followed us last night.  You didn't kill him.
Mitchell was dead enough.
Yes.  Yours.  You haven't murdered anybody.  You killed Mitchell. Wasn't that an accident?  It must have been.  If you kill a blackmailer, you kill him dead--so that he can't talk anymore.
Mine?
And I'm begging for my life--and yours.
It wasn't the time or place.  Don't worry about the note, baby.  I'm playing for my neck now.
I'm still on course to Victoria. Nobody saw you get on board, nobody seen you since.
You'll never make it.  You've out- smarted yourself.
So that I will never be found.
Don't go soft on me, baby.  I've got your note in my pocket.  You wrote it, all by your own self. And I have to use it.  It has to be found in exactly the right place.
I guess I'm a little screwy.  Maybe I could believe it.  Should I try?
Magruder obliged me.  No use my saying it wasn't planned that way. I had to clean up.  I'm not a dumb- smart college boy anymore.  Nobody in the world would believe I didn't plan the whole thing.
You-killed-him?
Not this one.  And not Mitchell.
He'll come back...They always come back when you give them money.
No.  I paid him off.
That man that was following us last night--he didn't come back this morning.  I'm beginning to wonder about him, too.  Was he really following me--or you?
It buys things, just like any other kind.
The money that makes you Mr. Clark Brandon.  Let's you live in a penthouse, on top of the Vancouver Royal.  Lets you own a cruiser. Lets you do as you please, go where you please.  You big, open-handed, generous guy.  That's the kind of money it takes, isn't it?
Nobody believed I wasn't in on it. I was just a dumb-smart collage boy, and he was my father.  I thought it was a legitimate business.  He was a politician, with fingers in a lot of pies.  I never saw the pies.  They had names. For the record.  Innocent names.  You know where that kind of money comes from, don't you?
What your father did doesn't condemn you.
So could you.  But our records were a little against us.
If it was an accident, you could have told the truth.
In a way.
Larry Mitchell found out.  So you killed him.
I told you my father died in jail. He stole a fortune.  Most of it pretty dirty money.  I don't care to have that known.
Including Killaine...I still can't think of you that way.
Including Killaine.
Funny, I never thought of you that way.  You were so close too.  We were all pretty stupid about you.
That's right.
I thought you had to be back to the hotel.  To leave my--my note.
That, and the fun of it.
If you're doing all this just for me.
Wonder what?
I decided I didn't want a drink...I'm beginning to wonder.
Go down into the cabin and get yourself a drink.  Careful how you go, we're hitting the swell now.
Frozen.
Cold?
There would be a moon tonight.
I can still see the shoreline. The moon is rising.
See anything?
Killaine's wise to what?
Killaine's wise.  We can't wait any longer.  Here, put this on.  But stay out of sight until we clear the harbor.  I'll tell you when. 
You leave it.
Well?
My father died in jail, and he was twice the man I am.
You wouldn't like it.  I've been there.
I'd still go through--even if I ended up in jail.
It's the frame on the picture. But not if you say so.
Do you have to leave the note?
It did, but it never paid off-- until now.  I ought to be back within an hour. We can't leave until near dark anyway.
This must have cost a fortune.
You'll be safe here.  I won't be long.  Help yourself to anything you want. The galley's through there.  You can make coffee if you like.
The best interference runner we've got.  He thinks he's in love with you--and he's a gentleman.  Come here, baby.
Killaine...
If they had any reason to.  Why make it tough for themselves?  Why go to all that trouble?  Here's an open book.  Close it.  No reason to keep it open.  She was a nice girl, anyway.  And perhaps she didn't kill him on purpose.  Perhaps she didn't kill the other one. You never know.  Give her the benefit of the doubt.  Leave her stay where she is.  Close the book. Finis.
But that's what I'm doing.  Couldn't they think of that?
Blonde, beautiful, and sad--and nowhere.  Of course she might have run away--if she knew how.  And where to go.  She might have dyed her hair.  Bleached it before probably.  And changed her name again.  But look at this note.  And look at her room in the hotel. Her stuff is all there.  Hasn't a rag except what she stood up in. You don't run away like that.  Not if you are young and beautiful. No chance.
And Betty Mayfield--
I run over to Victoria.  Play some golf with some people I know.  Do it all the time.  That's why I have a cabin cruiser.  Custom- built.Forty knots.  Mr Clark Brandon an almost gentleman of almost complete leisure.  Member of six golf clubs.  Broke 70 once on the Shaughnessy Heights Course.  You have to be good to do that, And if you look out of a front window of the Empress Hotel in Victoria, in a few hours you can look right down on Mr. Brandon's boat, the Valkyrie.  Came alone?  Sure.  He always comes alone.  Mr Brandon's a rather lonely man.
They'll look for you.
This is the ace, Betty.  But not of spades.  They'll find out about the other.  They might know already. And when they get this--  What would they look for?  Where? Out there somewhere? 
I was tried for murdering my husband.  Guilty.  The judge set the verdict aside.  There was one man on the jury--  --but he was afraid.  They were all afraid--of my father-in-law. That man followed me last night-- he came from him of course.  My father-in-law will never give up. Never.  He promised me that.  So I came to Vancouver, B.C. As far away as I can get from North Carolina.  And it happens all over again.  Almost the same thing. Almost the same way.  Do you wonder about this--
How bad is the other thing?  The secret?
Take me where I haven't the courage to take myself.
Yes.  I've never been very far from it, for a long time.  Will you do something for me?
How bad is it?  Bad enough for-- 
That wasn't why I called you.  Why did I hope--when I hadn't any right to hope?
There's a lot of water between Vancouver and the U.S.A. This note is a suicide note.  After you're gone where would they look for you?  Why would they look for you? Darkness, and open water, and a fast cabin cruiser.  And I have a pocket full of money.  And if I helped you, I'd be committing a crime, or so they tell me.
Wrote it in the waiting room of the Hudson Bay Store.  With somebody's Pekingese trying to climb into my lap.  Perhaps you're right.  Perhaps I didn't mean it. All I know is that I'm licked.
If you meant it, you wouldn't show it to me, Betty.  Or am I supposed to deliver it to dear Inspector Killaine?
I have my own warrant.  Stop a minute, please.
I know.  Killaine has a warrant.
They're going to arrest me.
No percentage in that.
I hated to go to that place.  I almost went to the police station instead.
You're probably mistaken about that.  Let's get together sand talk it over.  There's always a solution to these problems.  But it must be near the water.  Quite near--  Yes, if you don't mind waiting.
There's another man--right outside the booth here.  I never saw him Before.
Cant be too close for me.  Right across the street from it suits me.  Anything else listed?
I don't think that's on the market anymore.  I'd like something much closer to the water.
I'm in the Hudson Bay Company's store.  That man last night--the one that followed me--
It sounds like a fair location. Could you be a little more exact?
From you, I like it.
So have I.
That's the second round I've lost tonight.  That fellow hurt me.
No use waiting, then.
Nothing matters.
It still doesn't matter if I kiss you?
Try not talking.
Take me home--and forget you ever saw me. That's a silly remark isn't it?
Anything I can do about it?
No matter. There's nothing I can do about it.
Why?
All right--following me.
Us?
He was following us--but he's not a policeman.
He's not a cop. A cop wouldn't have kneed me.
You don't know who he is?
He's a fellow with a very hard knee, and he knows how to use it.
We'll find out.
Absolutely sure.
Quite sure you saw him in the hotel lobby?
Then he's-- 
Couldn't be.
Then he's got to be a detective.
Killaine's not that sort of guy. He said no--he meant no.
We walked right passed him. He's following us.
I didn't notice him.
That man over there. He was in the hotel lobby.
I know everybody. I don't look at half of life, just the nice half, I look at all of it.
They know you here--know your name.
Why not?
Dance? Here?
Want to dance?
At this time of night. It's not as bad as it looks.
Is this the best you can do?
Cold?
I'm different. I like it fine.
You, too?  My name is Betty Mayfield. I was born, and I am here. Message ends. That's what I told him. He didn't like it.
Just who are you, anyway?
Certainly not to me.
Let's not pretend Mitchell meant anything to either of us.
Dance? Tonight?
So there is. You don't want to go to bed. I don't want to go to bed. Let's go somewhere and hear some music--have something to drink-- something to eat--even dance.
There's a lot of night left to live through.
Quarter after one. Why?
What time is it?
That's putting it mildly.
He could hardly help suspecting you.
Bad enough.
Bad?
You didn't have to tell him that.
There's one thing I may as well tell you. You'll find it out anyhow. I tried to run away--when I found him out there on the balcony. There wasn't any plane.
No thanks.
Want a spike in it?
It's always a mistake to run away. Always.
There wasn't any plane.
You tried to run away.
I'd rather wait until it does matter.
Go ahead...if you want to. It doesn't matter.
That's all there is.
He was a great boy for that. What else?
He knew the immigration officer. He eased himself in.
Nice of him.
On a train. He said he lived here, and he offered to make a reservation for me.
How did you meet him?
I don't.
They'll know whether he killed himself.
Sure... but somebody always does..
No. And I've never fired a gun in my life, Aren't you supposed not to touch it?
Not with my consent, strange as it seems. I don't know how he got in. I don't know anything.
He got in here how?
There isn't one.. That anyone would believe. I went for a walk after dinner, down to the ocean...alone... I came up and went to bed. I didn't sleep very well. Then there was a thunderstorm. And it began to rain. I went across to close the French door. That's the first time I saw him out there.
There's one less tonight.
What's funny about that? If you pick up people like Larry Mitchell other people are bound to get funny ideas about you. The world is full of Larry Mitchells.
You said it wasn't a tragedy.
Don't take it so big... it isn't a tragedy.
Much too late.
I know it's a littler late for an apology.
No thank you.
Dance?
He doesn't even know half the people who come up to drink his liquor.
You're sure Mr. Brandon won't mind?
Thanks for the fresh air. That felt good.
Do you think I don't?
Neatly said...but to the wrong man. The trouble with pretty girls is that they can't imagine anyone thinking of anything else but the fact they are pretty girls. I get tired of it.
I hate to be alone. But I've heard all the approaches there are... even yours.
I don't know you and you don't know me. I made a reasonably polite suggestion. But I'm sure you'd rather be alone.
I didn't say anything.
Whatever you say.
Would it make you anymore amusing?
I can be talked out of it. As a matter of fact, I'd like a dry Martini myself.
You're drinking it.
No.  Are you really going to drink that stuff?
And do you amuse the guests?
I never pay for anything. They just keep me here to amuse the guests.
You're not paying for this. It's quite enough that you let me sit at your table.
Sure. But I'd hate like the Dickens to be held to everything I've said before, wouldn't you?
As I said before...
No.. not very well. And I like his friends even less. But..  If you really want a good dry Martini..
You don't sound as if you liked him very much.
Brandon. Clark Brandon. Fellow about my age. Lot of money... that he didn't make. Former American. Now naturalized in Canada. Social standing indeterminate. Manners not quite perfect. Scotch superb.
What did you say his name was?
It's open-house. No crashing involved. Anybody in the hotel's welcome.
I don't need it that badly. I don't enjoy crashing other people's parties.
It might be worth a Martini to you.
I see.
A fellow named Brandon has a penthouse here. He's holding open house. I was up there. Too noisy. Bored.
Disgusting, aren't they? If you really want a Martini, I know where you can get one.
Your liquor laws..
I see.
Sit down then. We often have a double up here.
No, please.
You can have the table yourself, if you'd rather. I'm only killing time.
Right, Miss.
Ale. I don't mind.
Beer or ale, Miss?
Beer?  Well, all right.
Sorry, Miss. Beer and ale only. Canadian law.
I'd like a dry Martini. Very dry, please.
Yes, Miss.
I understand, Betty.  I understand perfectly.
But I tell you---if you'd only understand.
I hope he can prove it.  Come on. You don't want to get pneumonia.
No, Jeff.  You don't.  He's not a murderer, I tell you.  He;s not a murderer.
We know everything.
He could have killed me a dozen times.  You'd never have known.
Goodbye, Betty.
Not sometimes.  Always.  Just because it is the hard way.  You're that kind of man, Jeff.
Sometimes.
You do things the hard way, don't you?
There's an empty taxi across the street.  If you're so anxious, take it.  He'll know the way to the police headquarters.
But even if you were in love with me.
I know that.
What proper grounds?  You can't be in love with me.  You hardly know me.  I'm not in love with you.
I've been a soldier too.  There is a difference.  A policeman, like a judge, has a right to disqualify himself on proper grounds.
What are you going to do--toss your job into Puget Sound?  Because I make you think of magnolias?  I thought policeman was something like a soldier.  That his duty came first.  However much he might happen hate it.
You're still a police officer, Jeff.  I saw you send those two men away. I know they were watching me.
That's they're business.  Can I drop you somewhere?
What will they do to you?
I can't answer that.
To do what?
You've got a couple of hours, maybe.
I'm enough of a copper to do my duty.  My boss made it tough for me.  If I don't arrest you, I've gone soft.  If I do, it's to save my face.  I don't play those rules.
Because you think your in love with me?
That's something I can't spare you.  But I won't do it myself.
They'll only find someone else-- who won't be so kind.
Time's up.  I'm off the case. 
I always wear gloves when I shoot people.  A bad joke--but better than tears.
So Mitchell had handled it. Afterwards, Brandon picked it up.  There's no indication you handled it.
Looking for peanuts, I suppose.
Not quiet yet.  We know who the gun belonged to. Margo West.  She told us this morning.  It doesn't mean much.  Mitchell took it away from her.  He had a habit of going through her bag.
Jeff.  Shall we go now, Jeff, and get it over with?
They call me Jeff.
What do your friends call you?-- The ones that know you well?--and like you very much?
That's my hard luck--I'm man enough to tell you about it--and not be sorry.
Very ridiculous.
Palm trees against a sunset--waves breaking on a coral reef--the Taj Mahal by moonlight--roses in an English garden, just after a shower--  Clichés, one and all--but good ones, with a lot of mileage left in them--there's one thing he does not see--murder--and murder was what he was sent to find.  Pretty ridiculous, isn't it?
What does he see?
He looks at the girl, looks into her eyes--
Points very straight to her.
I'm about to be very silly.  A man passes a girl on the street--a very lovely girl--his eyes meet her eyes, and something reaches out and takes hold of his heart-- and then she goes on and is lost in the crowd--and he says to himself, "There goes my lost love"-- and it's true--if he never sees her again, it's still true.  Of course, after a while, he forgets-- or almost forgets--because after a while we forget almost everything.  But this man is a copper.  He gets orders--routine orders--to go to a place and investigate a murder-- and everything points to a certain girl.
There must be-- but when I'm with you I can't find it.
You wouldn't even try  There must be some copper in you, or you wouldn't be an inspector.
I might be able to save you.  If I knew enough.
I expected nothing else.
I've come here to arrest you for murder.
I don't want to talk.
This isn't a very good place to talk.
There isn't anything you can do.
Then there isn't much I can do, is there?
You understand perfectly.
If I understand what you meant by that.
Nobody can help me. You, least of all.
You won't tell me who you are? You won't even give me a chance to help you?
You're a police officer. A very nice one--but you have a job to do. I'm a girl who's in a jam, and it's your job to keep me there. Don't go considerate on me. I might start to bawl.
We try to be decent.
You--or the Vancouver Police Department?
I wouldn't make you talk about it. My job is the death of Marry Mitchell.  Why can't you give me your confidence?
You've has an experience that you don't want to talk about. An unhappy marriage, for example.
The police always do, don't they?
I'll find out, you know. Perhaps not today--perhaps not tomorrow. But in the end, I'll find out.
I'd like to believe that. It's not too easy.
You were there when I last saw him.
We're 98 per cent certain Mitchell was murdered. There are a lot of reasons.  Was he very drunk when you last saw him?
Is it a crime?
But not in the investigation of a major crime, I hope.
Who hasn't--one way or another?
You've had dealings with the police before?
You were a galahad, compared to some cops I've known.
True. I was a bit irritable last night. I apologize.
We wouldn't have met at all.
Down below's Stanley Park. On the other side of the trees, there's a beach. You can see it.  Steveston's over there. Coast Guard station.  There's the Yacht Club, and beyond it, the docks. The over on the other side of the inlet, there's Grouse Mountain. It's about 4000 feet high. There's a restaurant on top of it. Very nice restaurant.  I'm sorry we couldn't have met in pleasanter circumstances, Miss Mayfield.
I've never been to Florida.
FLorida?
You must come from pretty far South.
Deep blue? I'd call it grey-blue.
Care for a stroll outside? Beautiful morning. The air is like wine, the sky is a deep blue.
They're all crude, when they don't work. Had breakfast?
Good morning, Mr. Killaine. I'm sorry I can't give you the name of my bank--because I have no bank at the moment.  That was a crude trick.
I probably shall--after I've tortured you a little more.
Why don't you arrest me and be done with it.
An unhappy marriage hardly seems a sufficient reason for that.
A graduation present.
Where's you get it?
Yes.
What this?
Would you be satisfied if I said I shot him?
Stop saying you're sorry. I want information, not regrets.
I'm sorry.
Regimental! Seaforth Highlanders.
Your family coat of arms, Mr. Killaine?
There's the clear mark of a wedding ring on your finger.
Who told you I was married?
Well, that's not getting us anywhere. You won't tell me who you are, or give any account of yourself. You won't even give me your address in the United States. Why? Unhappy marriage?
It is?
That's an evasion and you know it.
You didn't ask a question. You made a speech.
Please answer my question.
Miss Mayfield, the humor of the situation escapes me. Within 24 hours I shall know officially whether Mitchell was murdered. Privately, I'm quite sure of it now. It happened in your room, and you came to Vancouver with him.. At any rate, he made your hotel reservation.. And you arrived together. Here in this room he behaved nastily to you, and you said something to him which might be taken as a threat.  A few hours later he was found dead on your balcony. Would it be too much too suggest that all these circumstances taken together are a little suspicious?
I'm sorry, that's all there is.
I'll have to know a little more than that.
I was born in New York City. I grew up. And here I am.
You probably know the type. You find them in hotels and resorts all over the world. They always have clothes, and money, and usually have had three or four husbands. They dress and enamel themselves with great care. They worry a great deal about those little lines at the corner of the eyes.. And they demonstrate their incompetence at the art of living bet getting mixed up with people like Larry Mitchell.  Tell me about yourself, Miss Mayfield.
I don't know her.. or particularly want to.
Mrs. West is a very emotional woman.
This way.
Mr. Reed, please, for Mr.  Brandon.  Very well. Have him call. Mr. Brandon is in his office now.  Mr. Reed stepped out, Mr.  Brandon.
Who's Goble?
And there's a Mr. Goble to see you. Says his business is personal.
All right. Get him.
Mr. Reed would like you to call him.
Morning. Any calls?
Good morning, Mr. Brandon.
Charlie's suits me fine. I don't scare.
I don't like your perfume in my office. Make it somewhere else if you don't like Charlie's.
Why not here?
There's two hundred. I'll meet you in an hour--where we met last night
Get it in half an hour.
Got the information on you?
Got it on you?
A thousand.
Sorry. Another client paid for that. You can hire me not to use it.
You mentioned information.
I stick around and wait for the five hundred.
For two hundred?
I go home and paint the kitchen.
For five hundred, what do I get?
Bluff. You've waited too long.
If I call the police, your price will go down to a minus sign.
You hurt my feelings. I ought to raise the price to be a thousand.
I don't know whether to knock your teeth down your throat--or call the police--or just give you twenty bucks to go out and buy yourself a clean nose.
Quit trying to scare me, Mr. Brandon, I'm neurotic.
That's a nice hard knee you've got, Goble. How'd you like to trade it for a broken neck?
Mayfield? Oh, that girl you were with last night. You haven't hired me yet. Mr. Brandon.
What have you got on Miss Mayfield?
$40 a day and expenses. Expenses run pretty high on a case like this. I'm a long way from home. I don't have a B.C. Licence. I'd need about $500 for a retainer.
What are your rates?
You guessed it. The card's phony. I got plenty of 'em. Different names, different jobs. I work out of San Francisco. Go anywhere, do anything. All it takes is the folding.
Private eye?
Information--protection--you might even want to hire me to go home and listen to the radio.  That's the funny part of my business-- once in a while, I get hired not to work.  Nice girl you were with last night. Known her long?
Name it.
I'm not sure I want anything from you. You might want something from me.
I'm still asking. What do you want?
You asked for it.
Nice friendly approach you've got. Goble. I could hardly walk when I got out of bed this morning.
I'm not interested in blind dates.
I'd like a few words with you, in private.
That comedian?
Until he comes. He's a nice guy. You've met him.
I'm sorry. This thing has just knocked me silly.  How long do we have to wait for this police character?
They still hang women in Canada, I've heard.
Leave that one lay.
And without much discrimination.
Sometimes.
You make friends quickly, don't you, Clark?
You, Killaine?
Martini.
What'll you have, Margo?
Fascinated.
Let me introduce you. Mr.  Killaine, Mrs. West.
In the same elevator. It is a public conveyance.
Hi Margo. Hello Killaine. You two come together?
I don't like to be tailed. The lady I'm with doesn't like to be stared at. To put the matter in a couple of nutshells, I don't like you.
What's this in favor of?
The new ones are fine. The last set I had gave me all kinds of trouble.
How are your teeth getting along?
I've got good ears.
Who told you my name?
Me a cop? What made you think that, Mr. Brandon?
So you're not a cop.
What's a buzzer?
All right, let's see the buzzer.
Oh.  That was just one of those idle questions.  One doesn't expect an answer.
You asked me where it all came from.
What?
I had a father who knew how to steal.
Where did it all come from?  Or is that a permissible question?
I buy my shirts by the dozen. Fortunately.
I tried it once.  I lost my shirt.
Now and then.  Mostly just for the fun of it.
You do a lot of real estate trading, Brandon?
Wait a minute.  I'll go with you.
I'm afraid they do.  Far too often. So long.
You forgetting the gag line, Killaine.  The police don't take anything for granted.
Where would she go, anyway.  Don't tell me you haven't got her covered.
No more for me, thanks.  Remember what I said.  I can't interfere with the law.
No idea.
You don't buy it.  Okay.  So I still want Betty Mayfield.  Where is she?
Romeo in reverse.  Uh-uh.  No sale, Killaine.
Or just drunk enough.  He was with her when she registered.  He knew where her room was.  You were out most of the evening.  There was a lot of mess to clean up . Waiters coming and going, the door standing open.  Suppose Mitchell came in to grab a drink for himself, then wandered out on this balcony, then realized betty's balcony was just below yours.
Mitchell was too drunk.
She didn't have to.  He could have climbed down from here.
How could Mitchell?  After that act he put on up here, is it likely she'd let him in?
Mitchell was killed down here.  How could Clarendon get in to do it?  Or Margo for that matter.
And old man Clarendon?  He had a motive, too.  Margo and her money.
Your concentrating too hard, Killaine.  What about Margo West? She had a motive.  I guess you know by this time whose gun it was?
Not if she knew she wouldn't be believed.
That COULD BE TOLD.
It could have been an accident.
Don't kid me.  You don't think she murdered Mitchell.
Information.
You passed up a dozen chances to arrest her.  What toughened you up?
The only answer I have for you.
Doesn't answer the question.
You'd be breaking the law.
Would that make me a heel?
I've always thought you were a pretty nice guy, Brandon.  I'd like to go on thinking so.  If you tried to help her get away--
That must hurt.
I have a warrant for her arrest.
A couple of hours.
Sure.  Let's discuss Betty Mayfield.  How long since you saw her?
Could we discuss that some other time?
"Money is a sort of sixth sense that gives meaning to all the others." Very appealing, especially to a poor man.
I wouldn't know.
I would.  Fancy waking up every morning with that in your lap.  Wonderful thing, money is.  Remember what Somerset Maugham said about it ?
I never notice the view after the first week.
Thanks.  Lovely view you have, haven't you?
Thanks.  I don't mind.
If it doesn't take too long.  Drink?
Time for a little chat?
Well--good night.
I don't.
In case you want to have us followed.
Delightfully. Every time Miss Mayfield says something, I know less than I did before.  Well, I may as well knock off for tonight.  Good night, Miss Mayfield. Do let me thank you for your cooperation.
How are you two getting along?
No thanks. I had some. How would you like to take a walk for, say, half and hour?
How about a cup of coffee?
We do, when we get the chance.
Near his right hand. About a foot away. Perhaps more. Good heavens, one doesn't use a tape measure.
It was lying where on the balcony?
No.
I rather thought so. And before that, had you ever seen the gun?
Could be.
Quite sure you had no motive?
On Miss Mayfield's balcony.. beside the chaise, I picked it up. Don't ask me why. I ought to know better.
Where?
Yes, I've seen it before.
Thank you.
That's what I thought, at first.  Maybe somebody else ought to have thrown this party.  With my liquor of course.
She doesn't look like a girl who would let herself be picked up on a train.
Somebody Mitchell picked up on the train. I don't even know her name.
Hardly. Who's the girl?
Would it have helped if I'd knocked him down?
If I can get off.
Round of golf Saturday?
The usual grind.
How's life treating you?
That's what I like about cocktail parties. Everyone is so perfectly natural.
You're not English.
It goes with this... cold houses and warm drinks...the effete Englishman.
A private joke.
What?
Don't bet on it. I'm eccentric.
You don't throw guests out, Brandon.
Want to walk out... or get thrown out?
How would you know, Brandon?
I wouldn't know. Just do it somewhere else. There is such a thing as good manners.
Did I do something wrong?
Do me a favor, Mitchell. Find yourself a nice secluded park bench.
Lay off what? This is my new girl friend. Met her on the train. She's very fond of me. Love at first sight. Wasn't it, baby?
Lay off, can't you?
What's the matter, baby. Don't you like me anymore?
The liquors lovely. The rest of the party you can have.
Hello, Mitchell. Having fun?
Nothing to discuss. Tomorrow the sun will shine even brighter. Be grateful for small mercies.
I think we'd better discuss this in my office, Mr. Mitchell.
I'm afraid this is all for the moment.
Rather more than a little something, Mr. Mitchell.
A little something on account perhaps?
Mr. Mitchell.
Good afternoon, Mr. Campbell.
He was very easy to hate. If you'll look in your mirror, when you are in a better temper- you'll know why.
Nastiness. You're nasty with words. Why wouldn't you be nasty with deeds once in a while? You hated him--and I know why.
With what motive?
You could have got in that room, just as you got in here. How do I know you didn't kill Larry?
How clumsy. I'd never forgive myself. Good night my dear.
One of these days, you're going to wake up in the middle of the night and find that you've cut your throat.
Convenient, isn't it?
They'll arrest that girl. Everything points to her.
So he did--but he hasn't told you what he saw. I have.
He saw my face too.
I saw your face this evening when the detective showed you the gun. You lied. It was obvious.
That's not enough.
I'm a very observant man. You had something in your bag this afternoon, Something that causes you to hold it in a particular way. Something that made a particular sound when you put it down on the bar. You went out with Mitchell. None of us ever saw him again.
Sardonic, if you will my dear. Bust nasty. You lied about the gun.
You nasty, sardonic--
And now that he's safe from all other women, you can go on loving him.
Don't be a fool. I loved him. He wasn't worth it, but I loved him.
Or--since one is a well-known and respected guest--one could go to the desk in the lobby and say "Miss Mayfield seems to have lost her room key--have you another"?  They always have another.
Passkey?
See how easy it is? Perhaps Miss Mayfield left her door unlocked. Or if she didn't, there's a passkey on every floor in the linen room. The head porter has a passkey. The bell captain has a passkey. The hotel's full of passkeys.
What do you want?
I don't think you locked your door.
What are you doing here?
Oh, shut up!  You haven't even got your spats on.
So much less refined than frizzling them in the chair.
I see out friend Larry Mitchell is with us again.
I'm getting positively haggard. In a couple of years people will be describing me as well preserved.
Thank you. It is rather late... and I'm not young anymore. Good night.
I needn't keep you any longer, Mr. Clarendon.
Thank you.
No, Not recently. I'm sure of that.
Recently, then.
I'm sorry, Inspector, I don't know much about..
Mr. Clarendon, have you ever seen this before?
We don't need him.
Magruder's conked out.  Adrenaline injections, oxygen tent.  He may come out of it and he may not.  As a source of quick information, we can't forget him.
What's the face for, Driscoll?
Men like you don't need orders.
Thanks, Inspector.  What are your orders about this wire to San Francisco?
The Super's just given me the sweetest dressing down I've ever had.  I'm still reeling from it. And believe me, I had it coming. I apologize.  What you think is important--I think is important.
How important would it have to be? It's only murder, Inspector.
Catch me at the Vancouver Royal if it's important.
If you're asking my opinion, no. I'd read it to Greer over the phone. Ask him if he had any objections.
Would you?
Send that?
I'd suggest a telegram.  Something like this: Chief of Police, San Francisco.  A licensed private detective named named Martin J. Goble, address so-and-so, has been found murdered within our jurisdiction.  His partner, name something-something Greer, refuses to give us any information. Correction.  Refuses information necessary to our investigation. Can you assist?  Signed Detective Sergeant Driscoll, Vancouver, British Columbia, Police. 
I got through to Greer, his partner in the detective business.  Greer won't give out.
I understand.  Pity to mess up a nice clean boat.
If you'd seen the blood on his head--and some body had to carry him out to sea--
Swimming with his hat on?  That's original.
We've done that.  He's a San Francisco private eye.  Name Martin J. Goble, G-O-B-L-E.  Had initials in his hat and for once he lived where he bought it.  Goble and Greer is the firm name.
You told me when we'd identified this fellow--
I've got a year.  Or a second. I'm not sure which.
Got a moment, Inspector?
I'm an Irishman, sir.  An Irishman is always logical.
And don't get too logical, Driscoll. In police business it doesn't work. I wish it did.  But it doesn't
Let me know when you've identified him
I've been on the waterfront detail for twelve years.  This man hadn't been dead an hour.  He wasn't killed last night.  He was killed today. In broad daylight.  That's no drunk- rolling job.
Drunk-rolling job.  They hit him too hard.
You have two murders to investigate. This man's head was beaten in. And there's nothing in his pockets.
You're the waterfront specialist. Find out about it.  I've got a murder to investigate.
Not a floater.  Only just dead.
Floater?
The Harbor police have just picked up a dead man out of the water.
When you sign for it, you count it.  It's your dough.
Open it and count it.
I need a receipt.  Sign your name across the flap.
Sounds like a fair swap.  Let's take a look.
You get it's brother.
What do I get for it?
One of those nice long manila envelopes--sealed.  Not too fat- not too thin.
Mr. Brandon couldn't be here.  He might have left something for you. What would it look like?
Talk English.  How do I know you're you?
It'll be a tough dollar when guys like you learn the alphabet.
Go live in a tent.
I have an appointment with him, right here, right now.
The joint's not open, Mac.  Who's Brandon?
I'm looking for Mr. Brandon.
A think wire---but very, very strong.  Let's get out of here.
Greer and Goble in the Call Building, San Francisco.  Just like you thought...Two murders in two days.  Different places, different methods, different people. Nothing connects them, but a telephone number.
And a motive--which we haven't got.  So this could all be a dream.
You win, Inspector.  You win all along the line.  Why didn't we think of Brandon before--or did we-- some of us.  Yeah.  Of course you did.  When a suspect thinks he's safe, you go on letting him think he's safe. Wait for a mistake.
Did we ever really think it was suicide?
No suicide.
If she didn't--if luck was against him--he wipes the gun off, reaches the wall up there--drops it on the chaise.
And she did give him the chance, the way it worked out.
He could have tried.  If he was up there in the dark, listening, he'd know when she came home, know when she found Mitchell dead, know what she did about it.  If she telephoned, he'd probably hear that.
How did he know he'd get the chance? He couldn't have arranged it.
I've got to find a way to handle it, openly.  Like Brandon.
So?
I've handled it.  Mitchell's handed it.  If I wipe it off, no suicide. If I take it out and lose it, no suicide.  If I leave it here....no suicide.
Well.  What about it?
This is the shell.  What about the gun?
You've got a dead man on your hands. Like this.
Pretty big chance, huh?
You can find out the first part. The second part you have to take a chance on.
Do I know that she's out of the room?  Likely to be out of it for some time?
You can find out.
Do I know who lives down there?
Assume there is something to hid. I go to a lot of trouble.  What do I do?  What would you do?
Such as?
Exactly.  Now I'm the killer.  And there's something I don't want you to know.  Something that would destroy my comfortable life, rob me of my friends, my position.
Before I took the story and closed the case, I'd want to know a lot more about these people.  I'd want to know just about everything about them.
They'll probably believe you.  But they'll want to know what you were fighting about.  Why Mitchell had a gun.  You'll tell them a simple story.  They'll pretend it sounds all right to them.  Now you're headquarters.  How does it sound to you?
If I've got any sense I'm going to call headquarters.
You've got a dead man on your hands. You killed jim--even if it wasn't murder.  What are you going to do about it?
Should be over there.
Where's the shell?
I think so.
Was that about the right angle?
There wasn't any motive...let's try out the act.
Maybe we've been pretty dumb--
Not too hard, is it?
Somebody did it twice last night-- in the dark.
That's pretty risky business, Inspector.
Market... It seems to me that's a San Francisco exchange.
Gigi, huh?  Sounds French--one of those fancy ladies.  Must have been very fancy, if he scratched her phone number in gold.
"G.G. Market one-eight-four-two."
I guess I'm just ballast around here.
I'll know when I find it.
She didn't seem the type to lam out--even if she got the chance. That stuff was all gone through last night.  Anything special you're looking for, Inspector?
I've always looked forward to it. All right, let's get him out of here and tidy up.
Right. A clean deduction from observed facts. They've got to be simple once in a while, Inspector.
So the wound and the shell give you the same answer.
Unless the gun was slanted up.
So the shell ought to have gone over?
This make of gun throws a shell backwards, high, and to the right. The chaise is only about four feet from the wall.
Correct, Inspector. A woman's gun. U.S. 125 caliber ammunition in it. It was on a table in there.
Pearl-handled .25 Automatic, uh?  No, it's a Belgian gun... 6.6 mm.
It's her room. She only got to the Hotel this afternoon,. With him.  I guess he took too much for granted. Here's the gun.
I've met her.
... I supposed you knew her, too, Inspector.
They tell me he'll be a great loss to the liquor trade. This Mayfield girl...
I knew him. He was easy to dislike, poor chap.
I hate to pull rank on you Sergeant, but once in a while...for moral purposes...you might address me as "Inspector". In moments of extreme desperation, you might even call me "sir".
Right.
So it seems Sergeant.
You in charge here?
You would still have planted information that Clarendon knew about the gun--and not as an accusation, but in the process of defending yourself by making a confession.  Very neat.  Good morning, Mrs. West.
And if you didn't believe me?
Sure.  You didn't come here in person just to tell me about the gun.  You wanted me to be looking across the desk at you while you talked about Mitchell.  If I believe you, it would be psychologically impossible for you to have killed him last night.
Now, you're being beastly.
Perhaps a rich widow would have solved all his problems.
I don't understand.
I'll investigate Mr. Clarendon's financial position--
It does.  May I go now? 
Not if it clears the air.
At first, it doesn't hurt at all. That's shock.  Then it hurts terribly--you wouldn't believe such pain could exist--and six months later you can't remember what pain felt like.  It hasn't taken six months this time.  It hasn't even taken twenty- four hours.  Is that a beastly thing to say?
Mortar shells are not funny, either.
Did you ever have a serious operation?
You didn't play it for laughs last night.
Yes--and he's already becoming vague to me.  Funny!  Last night I was furiously jealous.  Jealous of what?  I out that gun in my bag deliberately.  Who was I going to kill with it?  A girl I didn't even know?  A man I knew to be a thief and a forger?  A half-man? A gigolo?  It's already ludicrous. Love!  What a comedy!
That depends upon your motive. You were in love with Mitchell, weren't you?
I am a fool.
Of course not.  Thanks for telling me.  I haven't seen Mr. Clarendon.
You couldn't possible have traced it this soon--not possibly.
It was Clarendon.  He knew I had the gun in my bag.
Other people always know so much more than we know--so much more than they're willing to tell us.
How did you know?  Clarendon.  You cops never tell anybody anything, do you.
Remember that time, didn't I? Good morning Mrs. West.  Does your visit here mean you've changed your mind?
Thank you very much, Mrs. West.
I'd be delighted to... anytime you can show me the doubt. I'll wrap it up in tissue paper and put a Christmas seals on it for her.
Then why not give Miss Mayfield the benefit of the doubt?
Anybody could commit suicide, if he felt low enough. I've felt it myself.
I shall. From your knowledge of Mitchell, would you say he would be likely to commit suicide?
I was in love with him... which shows you the quality of my brains.  Why don't you ask her about the gun?
You knew Mitchell pretty well, didn't you, Mrs. West?
Not quiet yet.
What about me?
Positive?
I never saw it before.
Warm water, no doubt.
Scotch and plain water, I think.
Are you always this witty?
Oh nothing.
May you what?
I never wear a hat.  Oh, so I am. I forgot.  I guess I'm terribly sorry again, Mrs. West.
Oh, the Coldstream Guards.  Don't you take your hat off in elevators?
Brandon handled the money envelope.
The card says so, doesn't it?
This gun permit was issued to Clark Brandon?
I'll take your word.
You'll have to take my word for it.  We don't make slides until we have perfect prints for comparison.
She might.
Mayfield?  She fit into this?
Try Betty Mayfield.  The Mitchell case.
So far.
That leaves two strangers.
He checks too.
How about Magruder?
No doubt about that one.
Four different people, Inspector. Three men and a women.  I've made slides for two.  They handled both envelopes.
I'm interested in who handled it.
Yes, I think so.  Here are two glazed manila envelopes.  One is the bag type.  The other one had the money in it.  Don't ask me how I know.  I know.
You think I'm wrong about this bit of a girl.  Go out and prove it against me!
What are my orders, sir?
Get out of here!
This badge is not an old newspaper you can cast down on the desk.  It is not a thing you can give up as of no value.  It may be taken from you--and you may die defending it. But you'll not use it to make cheap dramatic gesures with.  It's a naked steel of the sword of Justice.  Put it back in your pocket and hold tight to it--and someday you might grow into a worthiness ye lack now.
Not too far, I hope.
You're a young man.  You're romantic.  You think a pretty face and a clean conscience go together. You think a soft voice means a soft heart.  You'll grow out of that.
Nor I. This is why I gave it to you.
There are people in this world who don't think a police badge is a badge of honor.  I'm not one of them.
Two.
I believe you won decorations during the war.
I do.
But you still think she's innocent.
I think you'd be entirely justified, sir.
"Physical description: Age 26, Height 5  1 3/4 inches: Weight, 188 pounds: Light brown hair: Deep blue eyes: Small, perfectly formed features: Ears and earlobes small: Slender build: Wears size 4 AA shoe: Quiet refined manner: New York accent: No charges pending. No prior criminal record.  Mayfield, Mother's name.  Air-mailing you photographs today.  Signed Hubert Tollison, Chief of Police, Greenwater, North Carolina."  She bleached her hair, or course.  Would your sensibilities be offended, if I sent out a general alarm to pick up this girl?
"Superintendent J. McKechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Replying your inquiry Elizabeth Kinsolving.  Subject was indicted, first degree murder her husband, Lee Kinsolving, January this year. Guilty verdict set aside by presiding judge.  Prisoner discharged, Whereabouts now unknown. Fingerprint classification"--  And exact correspondence, Killaine.
Identification on possible, Sir. Not conclusive.
"Superintendent J. Mckechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Vancouver B.c. Replaying To Your E.P. teletype classification No. 2684 incomplete.  We advise identification possible.  Elizabeth Kinsolving, arrested Greenwater, North Carolina, January 8, 1948, on a charge of murder.  Signed, FBI., Washington, D.C. H. Cleary, Inspector in charge."  Have ye any comment, Killaine?
Yes, sir.
And in the meantime this girl goes where she pleases, does what she pleases?
We lifted seven fairly good prints from Miss Mayfield's toilet articles.  Washington ought to teletype us within a few hours.
Ye have, have ye?
I disagree, sir.  As Inspector in charge of the case I have the right to form that opinion, the right to act on it.
This girl is a murderess, Killaine.
Nobody's covering her, I detached the officer assigned to that duty.
Well, find out.  Who's covering her?
I don't know, sir.
It won't look pretty good on your record, Killaine.  Where's the girl now?
A little of both, sir, and perhaps not quiet enough of either.
Are you a policeman or a soft-headed nincompoop?
When I give an order, you'll not need it interpreted.  You have an hour to make your mind up.  Well, are ye satisfied, Mr. Mitchell?
Am I to interpret that as an order to arrest Miss Mayfield?
Aye.  You have a point there.
Which forces me to arrest her against my better judgment.
I hear she's a very pretty girl.
No.
She's the only one who had a dead man in her room.  The only one who won't give an account of herself. The only one who tried to run away. And the only one, so far, I've been told, who went to such lengths to disguise her identity that she even removed the labels from her clothes.  What more do you want?
She's a suspect, naturally.  But not the only one.
I've explained the situation to Mr. Mitchell up to a point.  Now about this Mayfield girl?
How do you do, sir.
Killaine, this is Mr. Mitchell, Senior.  Young Mitchell's father. He just flew in from Toronto.
Unsophisticated?  If I knew about this babe...
You're very attractive, my dear. And you look very unsophisticated.
I say YES!
She is beautiful. And young.  No thank you.
In that case, there's someone here I'd like to introduce to you. Over there.
I have no intension of being nasty, Mr. Mitchell.
Be nasty.
It's quite unimportant, Mr. Mitchell. After all, you got what you wanted.
I'm sorry. I forgot about calling for you.
In an hour, Larry.
Right.
A girl you meet on the train. Excuse my bringing it up again.  Be back in an hour. Right?
I told you she's just..
How about your new friend?
Of course.
Oh, forget it. Clark Brandon's throwing a party up in his penthouse this evening. Take me?
I didn't mean it that way  I'm sorry.
You already have the checks, darling.
It's against the law to cross the border with a gun. The Canadian police might like to know about this.
Years, why?
How long have you had it?
What does it look like?
What's this?
Kind or not kind. What's the difference? It always ends up the same way.
That's not very kind.
I seem to remember that you like to help yourself.
I seem to recognize this routine. First the kiss then the touch.  Oh, what's the use. You're you.
It's the only pose I have left. I'm sunk. Broke. I don't even have my hotel bill.
You don't have to make a pose of it.
I've always been a heel. I guess I always will be.
She is much younger than I am. That's something I'm going to have to get used to. Isn't it, Larry? They'll all be much younger than I am. Here.  Tear them up.
What'll we do about it, Margo?
Correct. I couldn't even afford to pay a lawyer to defend me.
You'd go to jail. For a long term.
I have a rough idea.
You know what would happen to you if I turned these over to the police?
I hoped to get enough to cover them before they cleared. I wasn't lucky.
Splendid. Now she can return the compliment.
I don't. My hunch is she's just torn up an unhappy marriage. I was able to do her a small favor.
You ought to know why.
Rich? I haven't the faintest idea. Why?
She's very beautiful. She's much younger than I am. And she's rich, I hope.
Margo, darling. You washed me up. Remember? We're just friends. You wanted it that way.
As thoroughly as I could. It wasn't easy. But you are helping me.
You shouldn't. You washed me up very thoroughly.
Why should I mind?
She's just a girl I met on the train. You don't mind do you?
Nice.
Her name's Mayfield. Betty Mayfield.
Who's the girl?
So-so.
With your charm? How could I help it? Have a nice trip?
I'm afraid you're not very glad to see me, Margo.
Oh, many things.  Inertia ... Stalin and the Cold War... a failure of nerve.  We took the seediest, most inefficient fifth of the economy into State care, paid out millions for it, put the same old duffers in charge.  A new broom with very old bristles.  When the Tories were returned, I went and sat in the BM and wrote my little book on Chartism.
What went wrong?
Did he?  I left school and worked for the Labour Party.  My older brother, George, had just been killed in Greece, and he'd been an active member.  I hero-worshipped him.  He was 25 years old ...  It was an exciting time for us, those first couple of years after the war.  We thought the country was about to become a true democracy.  I can understand why people of your generation want to write about that time.  They feel betrayed.  They want to know what went wrong.
Didn't Evelyn Waugh say that the country under Atlee seemed to be under enemy occupation?
Then I began to listen to what the well-off were saying about the poor now — the war had just ended, and the language was much the same as it had been before the first Reform Act.  A small minority thought that England was really theirs, they had made it, they owned it.  The rest, the wage earners, were foreigners, outsiders intent on wrecking it all.
Yes.
Shall we go?
Well, we were just...
Hello.  Anyone for a walk?  Tom isn't, I can tell you.
These are transcripts of various radio broadcasts, including Gaitskill's, the one they tried to stop.  You ought to have that ...
I will, thanks.
The references are to Hansard or to newspapers.  I haven't got the actual speeches now.  You'll have to chase them up.
We'll see you next week, and if--
Thank you.
Don't be silly.  I'll look out some more Suez material for you. You'll be very welcome.
Well, I'd hate to be a nuisance.
She'll be here next weekend.  Why don't you come too, James?  I'll                       * show you the marshes properly.  If you're lucky you might even see the first of the geese arriving from Siberia.
Yes.
It's a pity she couldn't make it up here today.
Actually, we've only just met. But we're quiet good friends.
I do worry about Susan.  Have you known her long?  She hasn't mentioned you.
I think you'll do very well.
You're kind to be so encouraging.
If you like.  But don't be too modest, James.  The citizen's duty is to remember, not necessarily to write books.  You are highly qualified.  You're a responsible journalist doing what sounds to me like a very demanding job.  Every day you take decisions that depend on your sense of history.  A genuine tyranny would have to get rid of people like you.
So I can go ahead and be a historian without feeling like a poseur.I shall be fulfilling a citizen's duty.
Thanks.
Here I am lecturing you.  Have some pâté.
If we leave the remembering to historians then the struggle is already lost.  Everyone must have a memory, everyone needs to be a historian.  In this country, for example, we're in danger of losing hard-won freedoms by dozing off in a perpetual present.
History books are first onto the bonfires.
To James.  I remember what it was I was going to say.  We were talking about forgetfulness.  The Czech writer Kundera has one of his characters say that the struggle of man against tyranny is the struggle of memory against forgetting.
To Ann.
And I'd like you to call me Ann.
Please do.  I was beginning to wonder who this Mr. Penfield was.
Since you are a friend of my daughter's, I think I'm entitled to call you James, don't you think?
It's fine, thank you.
My husband apologises for not joining us.  It's not too cold for you, Mr. Penfield?
Good.  Suez was a minefield for both parties.
Yes.
I see.  Are you a socialist, Mr. Penfield?
Well, I am a great admirer of your work.  I read your books on Chartism when I was still at school.  I'm a journalist, not a historian.  There are questions of method, and approach.  I wondered--
It wasn't much more than a pot boiler.Suez was very important for our generation.  I didn't want it to be forgotten.  And that's why I'd like to be able to help you. But really Mr. Penfield, I looked through my notes before you came, they're all very much out of date, there's been so much published since.  I don't think I'm your man.
What a shame.
My first husband worked for the BBC.  I doubt if anyone there remembers him now, just another long dead diligent administrator. He would have been useful in the fight to preserve the BBC's independence during the Suez crisis - one of the few things he was passionate about.  I became involved too.  I started work on a book that would have been published on the tenth anniversary of Suez. Then he died, and I loots the will to write it.  By the time I was over his death, other books had been published, and it wasn't worth going on.
He was delightful.
He's a little unhappy.  I hope he wasn't a nuisance?
Tom, Daddy would like to see you in the garden.  And will you ask Betty to bring us some coffee. And remember to say 'please'.
It's kind of you to see me.
Mr. Penfield.  I am sorry to have kept you.
I'll suggest it.  Remember though, we're news, not features.  It might help if you could get yourselves attacked by the police.  Anyway, I'll be back with this soon. Thanks.
But what we need is national coverage.  It's difficult with this Falklands madness going on. Do you think you might be able to do something when you get back?
Terrific.
Very good.
Give them here.  This tells you how the Women's Peace Camp came to be set up.  All local women at first, then we had support from women and men all over the country.
That doesn't matter.  As long as we can get our message through to someone there.  Jill, where are those handouts?
But I'm not an interviewer or a correspondent.
This is Jill, Carol, Betty, Mandy, Louise, Pete over there, and I'm Carmen.
Penfield.  James Penfield.
Now first of all, tell us your name.
Sit on that log, dear.
Thank you.
Exactly that.
Aha.  James giving some woman the old heave-ho.
Look, I'd rather you didn't ask me questions.  I can't talk about it.
No.  That's terrible, Charles. What happened?
She's fine.  Well, actually we've broken up.  It's all over.
How's Mary?
Keep me company.
I'm not sure I can face it.
Working hard on that book I was telling you about.  Coming to the meeting?
Not too bad, thanks.  How have you been?
Charles!  I didn't know you were back.  Have a good holiday?
A glamorous young lady way above his station...
Congratulations.  Who with?
It needn't concern you, Edward. James has got some news.  He needs a poet's advice.
Why, is there a new Foreign Secretary?  Who was the old one anyway?
Of course.
Attributed?
I see.
Committed to memory.  Forever.
Don't tell me you've actually read it, Jeremy.
It's terribly good.
And to history.
It's everything we wanted.  A very good read.  A terrific piece of work.  So, here's to you and Suez.
Thank you.
James... I can't begin to tell you how pleased we all are.  Congratulations, and I really mean it.
Like I was saying, the American angle in Suez is very important. I wouldn't want to say they let us down.  I think that's wrong.  A good ally is one who doesn't back you up in your mistakes, who tells you when to pull back.  And the Americans were good allies.  Simple as that.
You know the lingo.  Jolly good. So your language will have to be simple, not stupid, mind, but simple, very, very simple, and always remember it's an American readership.
Freshman and sophomores...
Personally James, I'm very excited by this new arrangement we have. It gives us direct access to literally hundreds of American collages.  Twentieth century history is a growth area over there, don't ask me why.  Your readership will be first and second year American collage students...
Thank you.
And you'll join me in a sambucca?
Yes, please.
Are you going to have coffee?
I'd want to set out events as they happened.  The way I see it is this: the British Empire was an ideal.  It may have become totally obsolete by the middle of this century, but it wasn't totally dishonourable to try and defend its remains and try and salvage some self-respect, which is what I think the Conservatives were trying to do.  Then there's the essential--
Good.
No.  I'd want to--
Yes...You're not a socialist then?
...from all the moralising and talk of national humiliation that is now the standard line on Suez...
And some of that.  Sorry.
...break away completely from--
I'll have some of that.
No thanks.  I'd like to break away--
Would you like a dessert...I'm having one.
I won't introduce you all by name. Basically James, this is our UK sales team.  What was I saying? Yes, these graduate trainees...
Hello.
I know, I know!  Gentlemen, let me introduce you to one of our most talented contributors to The Cold War.  James Penfield.  He wrote the opening chapter, on 'The Berlin Airlift'.  One of the best chapters in the book.
I know.  I'm sorry.
We don't seem to get much time to talk.
Oh ... excuse me.  There's Nicholas.
Shall we have a drink or something?
Why not.
In your car
That'll be fun
He's making plans for Brighton. He thought we could travel down together.
What did he want?
Jeremy phoned this morning
Yes.  Might.  Remember, you're here to talk to my mother.
Might?
Might?
I might.
Look, will you come on a walk with me tomorrow?
He's all right, the professor.
No.  It's a bit of a madhouse. For some reason a lot of my mother's friends specialise in monologues.
I haven't seen much of you.
Well, you should.
I haven't really thought about it.
Do you think she's invited you up for her sake or for mine?
No.  We talked about history, and Siberian Geese.
Did she talk about me?
I think she liked me.
I think we're ready now, thank you.  And how was Norfolk?  Did you get on with my mother?
You just might.
I might see you in Norfolk over the weekend.
I bet.  Thanks for the drink.
In radio we're different.
I don't trust anyone.  That's what comes of working in television.
You don't trust me.
Too late.  Just my luck.
Two or three years ago I would have stayed.  And fucked you.
Me too.
I have to be up early. 
Why not stay?
Yes, if you like.  Call me at work.
Again?
Well, you know...
Very thoughtful.
I called you a taxi.
Who?
Damn.  They're early.
That must be rather nice, in a way.  I mean, you don't have any--
Both dead.
It makes me weepy just to remember it.  So we were fine again, and then she got married to Matthew who's a womaniser and a bit of a yob, but quite nice really, makes TV commercials.  What about yours.
How nice.
Mummy and I, we were more like lovers, really, or sisters.  Then a couple of years after Daddy died, and not long after I left Oxford, she started seeing various men and I was furious.  I really was upset. I stopped going home.  I never phoned.  I went round telling everyone how awful her books were. And she hardly seemed to notice, and that made me angrier.  Then I got a job I was interested in, and I started to see lots of men, and I suppose I grew up a little and began to understand.  So I wrote her a long letter, almost seven pages, saying how sorry I was, and how I was worried that we were drifting apart.  And do you know, she wrote me a poem, a really beautiful poem about mothers and daughters.
Yes.  You're much too old to making a drama out of alienation, or whatever you call it.  You've got to take responsibility for your own happiness.  That's what I think anyway.
Oh yes?
I think you're exaggerating.  And if you aren't, you should jolly well change your job.
No, there's a fourth.  Numbness. You do everything right, but you feel nothing either way.
And you're at this third stage
Everyone describes the same process. At first it is exciting.  You're at the centre of the world.  As soon as anything happens, you're the first to know about it.  And there are deadlines a dozen times a day, even more, and that's intimidating and exciting.  Then you get the hang of it and the excitement wears off.  Your a clerk in a rather dowdy Office.  There's none of the glamour of television, or the penetration of serious journalism.  You're a processor of semi-official news.  Some people leave at this stage.  Then, if you hang on, and especially if you're promoted, you discover a new kind of pleasure.  You're pleased by the ease with which you can write summaries and bulletins from news agency printouts, by the way you ca judge length.  Ending a broadcast on the dot, having everything run smoothly, selecting a running order that makes sense, knowing instinctively what you can and cannot do.  Professionalism.
My real father?  Well, he was a flashback.
Too bad.  What did your father do?
Good theory.  But I like my mother. I have no aversions to what she does.
You don't like flashbacks because your mother's a historian.
Really?  I thought those long flashbacks were extremely good.
And the shape of it all.  It was sort of...shapeless.
Oh, but he was terrific.
And I didn't like that man.
I couldn't bear for it to end.
I think it went on rather too long.
I thought it was tremendous.
I quite liked it.  I wasn't as enthusiastic as everyone else.
What did you think of that Wadja film?
No, it's all right.  I can get a cab.  Night night.
Can I give you a lift?
Yes, that's right.  I'm being terribly rude.  Bob?  Oh, Bob. This is Bob Tuckett.  Bon was at Oxford too.
Thank you.  We met last week, at the Wajda film.  You won't remember. We didn't actually speak.
Was that your chapter, then?  It was very good.
That's her.
So it's all worked out perfectly...
I've known Susan for more than fifteen years.  James, we're old allies.
You're a piece of shit
It might have worked.  Really.  I would have been delighted for you if it had.  But she wasn't interested.  Not my fault.
My God.  You even cooked up that Norfolk trip.
And you were obviously getting nowhere with her.  I was waiting for the right moment to tell you that.
Fuck off.
Susan and I are very old friends, James.
Are you up to something?
Big mistake, I think.  You might have learned a lot.
Yes, finally.
Six onion bajees!  Great girl.  Did you shake the mother off?
I'm not sure.
Still in love?
I'll ring you.
I'm off.  Let's meet.  You promised to tell me about Norfolk.
Perhaps I will, then.
Will it be fun?
Delivering gossip and goodwill. It seems we'll both be doing Brighton.  Perhaps you should come too.
Sorry.  Got held up.  What are you doing here?
Fortunate that I was here to keep Susan entertained.
Tame those rights...you know, we're even freighting in a couple of exiled Argie trade unionists from Paris for a TV tie in.  One of them had his balls tap-danced on by the secret police.  The other one had to be hosed off the wall of his cell after the police-- yes my good man?
Hold those rights.
On the torture of very small children, but don't start telling them about their rights--
The torture of small children--
Well, everyone's desperate for a new Falkland's angle.  Purdy's come up with a real dog.  Worker's rights in Argentina.  So I've been running round getting people to do things.  But no one's keen.  Workers rights.  When did anyone on that paper give a damn about workers rights?  I said to Purdy, "Look, tits, bingo, jingo, horoscope, sport, celebs, gossip and the occasional firm stand on--"
What have you been up to?
Far too long.
We've been playing ten minutes for Christ sake.
That's enough of that.
No need to thank me, if you don't want to.  Just pay for these drinks.
You've really got it all worked out, haven't you?
According to this, the daughter goes up to stay quiet often.  You'll need to get yourself invited for the right weekend.
Ha ha...
She's very nice, apparently.  Lives in Norfolk.  And very left-wing. You'll have to watch yourself there.
You're so gross.
It's obvious what you have to do. Your way into the daughter's pants is through the mother, up the Suez canal...
Mmm...
She's never written a book in it, but she clearly knew a lot.
Ah, ah.  There's more.  The piece celebrates the undying affection between eminent left-wing historian and he dazzling daughter.  Then the news editor, who happened to be in the room, said that years ago, when he worked on The Guardian, Anne Barrington had written a very good piece on...guess...Suez.  It was 1966, the tenth anniversary.
Let me see.
...an innocent interest, and found out that last year Vogue ran a series called 'Mothers and Daughters' Number seven, Anne and Susan Barrington.  Being a decent loving friend I went to the files and made a copy for you.
Oh yes.
You're so hard.  All right then. I was chatting to some people from the diary page, and the name of Barrington came up.  I expressed an interest...
Jeremy, just let me see what you've got.
Get way.  You'll see when I'm ready. First I want you to reflect on my noble behaviour, on how your interests are closest to my heart, how I lay awake at night worrying--
Let me see.
You approve!
It's shit.
Uh-huh.  Tell me what you think of this first.
Come on.  Hand over.
Now, top secret file.
The Argies.
And the Argies.
To the Fleet.
To the Fleet.
Name so Susie Barrington.  Daughter of the eminent historian, Anne Barrington, step-daughter of the scandalous Matthew Byrd the acclaimed sack-artist...
Bastard.
No jokes.  James is in love.
C'mon.  I don't want any Jones about this.
We were just chortling over that. Blasé and epicene.  It perfectly describes the new Foreign Secretary. So--I hope you don't mind, Edward, I pinched it for my piece today.
Blasé and epicene.
Nonsense.
One or two.  A grey lot.  Some social democrats.  Some diligent anti-communists.  A political section man from the US Embassy. And this exquisite Californian wine, courtesy of the CIA.
Not yet you know any of these people?
Any sign of the goddess Barrington?
To the airlift.
To the airlift.
Not here.
They don't count.
What about the Cromwells?
It goes from Henry VIII.  Henry VIII, Edward IV, Mary, Elizabeth I, James I, Charles I, Charles II, James II, William and Mary, Ann, George I, II, III and IV, Victoria, Edward VII, George V, Edward VIII, George IV, Elizabeth II.
All right.
Do you want to hear my list of English Kings and Queens?
Suez.  1956.
What period?
Not at all.  History.
Have you come to talk about me?
Oh, I see.
She's not my mother, anyway.  My mother's in Italy.
Okay, I will.
Why not sit down and wait?
Thanks.
She said awfully sorry, make yourself comfortable, she won't be long. .
I'm waiting for your mother.
Hello.
Hello.
Next time tell her I've gone away.
I'm terribly sorry.  He doesn't seem to be here ... No ... Yes, if I see him, I will. .. Goodbye. She's going to phone back.
I'm not here.
It's that lady from Norfolk again.
Terrific.
Fifteen news items.  I got exactly the same running order as the bulletin desk.  They're all old pros.
Not bad.
Take a look at these.
Wait...and with talks at the United Nations still making little progress, tension and anxiety settled on MPs of all parties in Westminster.  Speaking on the Jimmy Young Show earlier today, Mrs Thatcher said the prospects of a peaceful solution did not look encouraging.  What is it?
I'll ring you in the next couple of days.
The bed's all made up if you want to stay.
I've got to be going.  I've got a meeting tonight.
Or a beer.  I've got some in.
No, thanks Dad.
Now, are you going to have some more tea?
Yes, you said.
And Joe Ramage - do you remember him?  He comes and helps out in the shop.
That's good.
Everyone's been marvellous really, Jimmy.  The neighbours come and sit with her while I'm at work.
Oh she knows you're very busy, especially now, with everything going on...the doctor said to try her on solids, but she's been right off her food...You take this up to her.  Tell her you made it.  She'll like that.
I'm sorry about Saturday, Dad.  It was just impossible to get away.
Well, she doesn't complain much. You know what she's like.  She keeps asking when you're coming...
So how is she?
Come into the kitchen.  I'm just making your mother's tea.
Dad.
Hello, Jimmy.
No, no, let me go on before you get the wrong idea.  Ann and I have kept to our separate bedrooms for the last three years.  And I can't imagine that Susan hasn't hinted at the kind of life I lead in London.  I'm not telling you how to run your affairs.  I'm just saying ... I don't mind.  I'm giving you permission.
Now listen...
You weren't really interested in Suez at all.  Incredibly enough, you were interested in my wife.
She said that?
Susan told me that your visits to Norfolk had ... well, an ulterior motive.
In fact it's the invention of an advertising campaign they ran in the early sixties to encourage people to eat in pubs.  A completely successful fabrication of the past, the Ploughman's Lunch was.
U-huh.
Ploughman's Lunch.  Traditional English fare.
I dunno.  Ploughman's Lunch.
What would you call it?
Yes.
I'll tell you another thing.  We might have led the world once into the Industrial Revolution, now we lead with television commercials. We're the best, it's as simple as that.  Even the Americans will admit it now ... the camera work, the acting, the scripts, special effects.  We've got the lot.  Nearly all the good directors here have ambitions to make serious films.  That food you're eating.
Well, it's worth seeing.
No.
I just might give you a ring when we get back to London.  There's one or two things I'd like to... Will you let me have your number before you leave?  Have you ever watched a commercial being made?
No, he wasn't.  He just lowered himself into a bar stool and said...  'Oo I do feel bad.  I 'ad three pints of lager and six onion bajees!'
Then one of them was sick all over your new dress.
It's true!  I was here last year doing a piece, remember?  I was in the bar with all these Northern trade unionists and their sponsored MPs.  They were all incredibly fat and beery, huge trousers and braces. And so sweet.  They all stood round me like children saying 'You! Working for television?  You're just a young thing.'  They wouldn't let me buy drinks even when I told them the programme was paying. They kept looking at my pass which was pinned here and saying  'Oo, can I?'
It's because he desires you.  The women get all the breaks at these conferences.
It was incredible.  He came back, made a pompous little bow and said, 'My dear girl you may film me all afternoon if you wish.' And he's promised not to talk to the Press.
Promise.
Promise?
We'll see what we can do.
Oh, yes!  Where's mine?  I want to look like you.
You'd look naked without one.
What have you got there?
Voila!
Don't point it at James!
They won't let you in without one.
Oh no!
Darling Susan.  You look like an angel.  But where's your hat?
We might be able to dig out a couple of Suez survivors for you.
It was last year.
In that case, you should meet my very dear friend, James Penfield. Brilliant analyst of recent history and a world authority on the Berlin Airlift.
We're thinking of doing this current affairs thing for schools.  World history since 1945.  Twelve programmes, lots of stock film.
And you're so beautiful.  What are you doing here?
You're so famous now.
Darling Susan.
Jeremy!  How Fantastic.
Actually, I've been once today already.  I'll stay here with him.
No.
Don't you want to walk, Tom?
Tom . .. bed!  Go on.
Ah, Susy, it...
'Night.
I won't.  Goodnight.
Don't close the door.  Don't turn out the hall light.
I asked them to give me a couple minutes...
You never were...
I'm not FBI anymore.
And I always knew I could count on you, Agent Utah.
Jesus Christ, Bodhi!
Wild ride, huh?
SHIT!!
Three seconds... two... one...
Well that's the only way it's gonna happen, man.  Do it!  Come on, you want to do it.  You're gonna die, Johnny.  Five more seconds.  Four...
Pull it right now or I'll blow your fucking head off and pull it myself!
Go on, Johnny.  Pull it.  But you gotta drop the gun, first!  Right?! You use your other hand what you gonna hold on with?
Naw, you pull it!
No games, Bodhi.  Pull the cord! Now!!
Pretty radical, Johnny.  Even for you.  Why don't you pull it?
What if your chute fails, Bodhi? Rescind the order.  Let her off the hook, she's served her purpose.  Do it, man, you owe me that much.  Let me hear it before you check out.
Why should I?
The guy you killed was an off duty cop!  If you get out of here they'll nail you wherever you land.  They have a new thing called radar. Maybe you've heard of it.
I say when it's over!
Look, Bodhi man.  People are dead. The ride is over.
And let my policy expire?  Sorry.
You gotta tell me where she is.
Around somewhere.  Listen, I'm in kind of a hurry, Johnny U.  What can I do for you?
Where's Roach?
Good guess.  There's a gun on you right now.
But you're not alone.
I'm not armed.
Wild, ain't it?!  See, we exist on a higher plane, you and I.  We make our own rules.  Why be a servant of the law Johnny U... when you can be it's master?
Bodhi, this is your wake up call, man -- I... am... an... Eff... Bee... Eye... Agent!!
Sure you can!  You may even like it... it's a killer rush.  You'll see.  Hey, don't I show you things, Johnny U?
I can't do this.
See!  That's what I like about you, man!  You're just sharp as a razor blade.
We're wasting time.
Sorry, can't do it, brah.  He's on the road.  And where they're going there's no phones.  Damn, I hate this Johnny, I really do.  I hate violence.  See, that's why I need Rosie.  I could never make this thing work, myself.  No way I could hold a knife to Tyler's throat, man! She was my woman, once.  We shared time in this world.  But Rosie, he's kind of a... mechanism.  Once you set him in motion, he won't stop. That's his gift, a kind of... blankness.  Noon comes, straight up, he'll gut her like a pig and try not to get any on his shoes.  Nothing I can do, unless I get there.
You call him... right now... and tell him to let her go.
She'll be fine, Rosie won't do anything.  At least not as long as I meet him at a certain place and time, about... let's see...  ... six hours from now.
Talk.
Whoa, whoa!!  Think it through!  I'm the only one knows where they are. Just let me talk for a second.
You're a fucking dead man--
Insurance policy.  Now this is going to sting a bit, but it's for your own growth, brah.  Press play.
What's this?
Okay!
You first!
One thousand feet.  Pull the goddamn cord!
You do it... you first!
Don't screw around man, pull it!
After you, Alfonse.  I insist!
You gonna pull?
I'll take that as a yes.
Whoooaaah!  Shhiiittt!  Whoooaaah!
Utah, you copy bruddah?
My man!
We gonna jump or jerk off?
Then we'll earn it together.  Here, take mine.
You gotta earn trust.
I did.  What's the matter?  Don't trust me?
So, who... uh, who packed my chute?
It's a little ceremony we always have at the end of summer.  One last speedstar.
Yeah, I noticed you limping.  But don't worry about it, brah. Don't worry at all.  We're not gonna land on land!
Sure, it's a blast, but listen, I sorta screwed up my knee yesterday--
Pure adrenalin, right?!  The ultimate rush.  Other guys snort for it, jab a vein for it -- all you gotta do is jump.
Once.
Ever done this before?
'One shot stopping'... good, very good.  I like you, Johnny.  I like you because you'll sacrifice anything to win.  I respect that. It elevates you a little above the drones who have learned compromise. Here, hold it.  Check out the weight.
One shot stopping.
News, last night... those guys, the Ex-Presidents... they robbed my bank yesterday.  And I was just there the day before, cashing a check.  See... look.  Assured Trust... same place.
How you figure?
Yeah, right, vision is highly over- rated.
The only way to win out here is to surrender.  You have to feel what the wave is doing, accept its energy, get in sync.  Just feel it all moving in the blackness... you don't need to see.
A flaw I'm working on.
I've watched you once or twice.  You surf like it's some kind of street fight.  You jerk along from moment to moment, fighting everything that comes at you.  Always trying to win.
I know that part.  Tell me something I can use, here.
Football's a man-made game.  You keep score with numbers.  But in this, there's no field, no rules, no opponent.  Just you and the wave.
Yeah, but are you crazy enough?
I gotta be fucking crazy.
No, Bells Beach, Australia.
So what's the biggest?  Waimea?
Only make bets I can't afford to lose.  Only way to be 100% committed.
Don't you gamble?
Come with Tyler.  She knows.
Where?
Gonna be some people at my house tonight.  Maybe you can make it.
De nada.
Thanks for stepping in.
No.  So I was up the beach.  I saw it going down.  you didn't hesitate... they never backed you up an inch. That's rare in this world.
You always talk like this?  You're not gonna start chanting or anything are you?
They're punks.  Nazis.  Their brains are wired wrong.  They hurt surfing because they give nothing back, and they have no respect for the sea. They just want to get radical.  It's mindless aggression.  They'll never get it, the spiritual side of it.
What's their program?
The one you decked is Bunker Wiess. The big one is his brother, Warchild.  The other two always hang.  They think they're some kinda death squad around here.
Friends of yours, huh?
Not yet.
Mmm.  A lawyer, huh?  Too bad.  But at least you're surfing now.  So your life's not over yet, right?
Two years of surgery.  I missed my window.  Limped through law school instead.
And that's why you never went pro?
Yeah, my knee got folded about 90 degrees the wrong way.
Something happened.  You got nuked in the last quarter.
There's nobody else here...
Well is there anyone else here that might have seen him?
Look, I don't know anything about your dog, okay--
You sure he isn't out back?  You mind if I go take a look?
No.
Have you seen a little dog?  Kind of a cockapoo lookin' thing.  About this big.
Yeah?  What?
Take your hand off my shoulder right now.
Three men dead.  One of them a cop. How's that sit in your gut, Utah?
Caught my first tube this morning.
Special Agent Utah, this is not some job flippin' burgers at the drive-in. Yes, the surfboard bothers me.  Yes, your approach to this case bothers me.  And yes, you bother me.  You two have produced squat in the last two weeks, during which time the Ex- Presidents have robbed two more banks!!  Do you have anything even remotely interesting to tell me?
The correct term is babes, sir.  Uh, this type of undercover operation is entirely dependent on picking up the idiom of the speech.  Otherwise penetration is not possible, sir. Of the social infrastructure, I mean.
What?
Babes.
A little mushy!  You think the taxpayers would like it, Utah, if they knew they were paying a federal agent to surf and pick up girls?
A little mushy.
Surf conditions okay?
Fine.
How was the beach?
Not so far.
You're a real blue-flame special, aren't you, Utah?  I don't know why they sent you to LA.  Must be an asshole shortage.
Zero distortion, sir.
That's right.  And we nailed over a thousand of them.  We did it by crunching data.  Good crime-scene work, good lab work, good data-base analysis.  Nobody had to tackle a car once.  You getting the signal, special agent?
1322 last year in LA county.  Up 26 percent from the year before.
This is us.  Bank Robbery.  And you're in the bank-robbery capital of the world--
I take the skin off chicken.
All the food groups?  Avoiding sugar?  Caffeine?  I see to it that my people maintain cardiovascular fitness.  We stay off hard liquor, cigarettes...
Sir?
Eating solid breakfasts, Utah?
Yes, sir.
You know less than nothing.  If you even knew that you knew nothing, at least that would be something, but you don't.
What that?
Harp, let me tell you something.  I was an agent in this bureau when your mommy was still wiping your shinny pink ass, and you know one thing I learned in all those years that you still haven't?
Yeah, sure.  Why not?  You two screw-ups deserve each other. That's why I put you together in the first place.  Christ Pappas, you're as bad as he is... talk about the blind leading the blind--
Look, Harp.  Don't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk.  Let me ride him in.
Supervising Special Agent, Harp. Now I want you to go work the drop car, okay, Angelo?  Okay?
Yeah, I get it.  Time to play let's dick the old guys, huh, Harp?
That's the point, isn't it?
Cole and Munoz?  I been on this case for two years.
Cole and Munoz.  I'm uh... letting them run with the ball for a while.
What?  Now I'm working the drop car? Who's handling the scene here?
They found the drop car up on Mulholland.  I want you two to go work it.
NOOO!!
Kid, get outta the way!!
Angelo!  Don't fire!
Figured you did.
I know where they're going.
Nothing.
Nothing?
You sure?!
They took a left at the next light!
The hell are they?!
That place up the street has meatball sandwiches.  Get me two.
Angelo, it's eleven thirty.
Time for lunch.
Look, we handle it ourselves, for right now, okay?  We cover the bank, whatever.  You and me.  That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens... I don't get my tits any further into the wringer than they already are.
I say we don't call it in.  Under no circumstance are we to call this in.
Sure.  No problem.  I'll just call up and tell him his favorite agent saw this one surfer moon another surfer yesterday and it looked real suspicious.  Shit, he'll probably call out the National Guard.
I say we call it in.  Get some backup.  But you gotta do it.  Harp won't listen to me.
No way.  Not yet.  Come on.
They're on their way to Maui.
Angelo... I'm right this time.  We can still win this one.
Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report.
Wait, wait.  Then these guys go back to their beach house and box up all their shit.  Load it in Bodhi's truck and take it to a public storage unit.  You see?  Summer's almost over.  They're splitting. They're gonna pick up a little traveling money tomorrow.  The next day at the outside latest.  I got a feeling.
Yeah, or cashing a check.
Cute.  He was inside for about 20 minutes.  The other guy, Roach, waited in the truck.  They were scoping it out, right?!
Did he rob it?
Bodhi, yeah.  I'm on him all day, right.  He goes here, he goes there, he goes to Tower Records and buys come CDs, he has lunch at Patrick's Road House...  ... he goes into the Assured Trust Savings and Loan.
This Zen master surfer.
... so I started tailing him.
Angelo, we gotta talk.
Johnny!  Uh, you, uh... should call first, you know?  Hey, where the hell were you all day?  You gotta at least call in or something.  You okay?
Nice tattoo, Dietz.
Aw shit.
Awright.  Get into position.  I'm rolling.
Got it.
Cole and Munoz are going in the back door.  Babbit is backing me.  So I want you at the side window by the hedge.  You're strictly backup, got it?
I'm ready to rock, Angelo.  Where you want me?
Right here, partner.
Did that worthless punk partner of mine ever show up?
He's pushing it through first thing. You better get some sleep tonight, it could be an interesting morning.
When did Harp say they'd have the warrant?
Remember, all bank robbers are losers, but not all losers are bank robbers.
... Felony B and E, three months in juvey.  Better.  Felony assault. Postgraduate work at Chino. Excellent.  I'm lovin' it.  What about the brother?  Great!  Another model citizen. These guys really fit the profile.
Okay, Dad.
Look, if you're gonna go leavin' your piece and your shield in the car, you can damn well stay in sight.  Okay?
Thanks, buddy.
No, but there are four guys back there you might check out.
Patience hotshot.  Patience.  It'll be subtle, if it's here at all.
Big zippo so far.  How about you?
No.  But let's do it, anyway.  It's gonna bug the shit out of Harp.
The beaches are always being closed because of waste spills, right?  And surfers are territorial.  They stick mostly to certain breaks.  If we can get some hair samples, and get a match to a certain beach, we'd know which break the Ex-Presidents surf. You buyin' this?
Guy's the Toxic Avenger.
Angelo, pay attention.  There's gonna be a test afterward.  Lab is showing traces of toxins.  PCBs. Heavy elements... selenium, titanium and arsenic.
Johnny, all I can say is we better come up with something real soon.
It sticks out, so I can't lock it. Look, Angelo, you think I joined the FBI to learn to surf?  This was your lame-o idea in the first place.  You gotta back me up on this.
What, you couldn't have just left the thing in your car?
Got it...
I think you gotta hit them straight on!
It's all balance, right?  And coordination.  How hard can it be?
Angelo, this stuff is for little rubber people who don't shave yet.
They're like some kind of tribe. Got their own language.  You can't just walk up to these guys.  You've got to get out there.  Learn some moves.  Get into their head.  Pick up the speech.
Why can't I just walk around with this thing under my arm and act stoned?  Ask a few questions.
Johnny, it's the only way.
Another month and we don't see 'em again 'til next summer.
... Four months.  June to October. Mmmm...same the year before.
Thanks for the tip.  I needed this knowledge.
Surfers use it on their boards. They rub sand into it for traction.
Sex wax?  You're not into kinky shit, are you Angelo?
The lab made three possible matches, this was one of 'em.
Candle wax.  Car wax.  Mustache wax? Could be anything.  Guy's waxing his mustache at the beach.  Gets sand in it.  Wipes it off with a shoe.  Shoe scuffs the counter.
Shutup, you might learn somethin' you're not careful... So last year Nixon scuffs a counter going over. There was a soil sample.  Non- specific mud traces of asphalt, oils, blah, blah... sand and... carnuba wax.  So I became a wax expert.  There's 80 some uses for this stuff, something like five hundred products.
Oh well he must be a surfer.
The fucking punks are surfers.
Yeah.  What's your theory?
Yeah.  That was thirty years ago anyway.  L.A.'s changed a lot since then. The air got dirty and the sex got clean.  So you want to nail the Ex- Presidents?  Be a big hero?
Sorry.
You watch your fucking mouth!  Mr. Hoover himself pinned the Seal of Honor right here!
So you're gonna coast to retirement, when you could nail these guys and go out with come dignity.
Forget about it, kid.  They're ghosts.  Let the goddamn yuppie Mormon affirmative action assholes handle it.  See I'm almost 55... so I must be senile, right?  They better get me out before I start pissing myself in public.  Drooling. It would look bad for the Bureau, right?
Well, what're your ideas on these guys?
You through, Mr. Wizard?  Let me know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under the seat while you're at it.  Hell, it's only 7:30.  The night's still young... you can solve this case and start on another one.
The Ex-Presidents are the best I've seen, kid.
Surgical.  Look at them separate the dye packs.  Dick and Ronny know their jobs.
Reagan usually drives.  Stolen switch car, they leave it running at the curb, looks parked from a distance.  When they run, they dump the vehicle and vanish.  And I mean vanish.
Smart.  You burn time in the vault.
Never go for the vault.  They never get greedy.
They don't go for the vault?
Yeah, they control the room well. Stick strictly to the cash drawers.
Good move.
Welcome to Sea World, kid.
Punk.  Quarterback Punk.
Pappas.  Angelo Pappas.
The shit they pull, huh?
Added to which indignity, I got three months left to retirement and they saddle me with some blue-flamer fresh out of Quantico for a partner. Some quarterback punk, Johnny Unitas or something.
Fuck you, Johnny Utah.  Fuck you!! Don't you have a soul?  Goddamn you to hell!
I work bank robbery.  Guys I'm after are surfers.  I needed you, at first, but not--
You tell me the fucking truth Johnny... did your parents really die in a car crash?  DID THEY?!
Tyler, put the gun down.
Jesus Christ, Johnny -- you've been using me!  Your jacket's on the floor in the bathroom -- this goddamn thing's half out of the pocket... Oh God, it's all part of some case, isn't it?
But you look like you been in a train wreck, how'd he just drive away?
Never saw him, was your basic hit and run.
So what'd the other guy look like?
You're kneeling on my hand.
Betadyne doesn't hurt.
Ouch.
No.  I'm sorry.  I have to go. I'll, uh... I'll call you later. I'm sorry.
Johnny... what's going on?  I don't get it... did I do something?
I... I gotta go.
Warm them up.
Those are cold.
You don't have to.
I... I don't know.  I can't describe what I'm feeling.
Well, usually you have this sort of intense scowl of concentration, like you're doing this for a school project or something... I don't know, like something's driving you.  See, it's gone.  If I didn't know better I'd say you looked almost happy.
What?
Look at you.
Yeah.  I just want to sit out here for a minute.
You had enough?
Come on.  At least no one's gonna see how bad you are.
I can barely do this in broad daylight.
Swell's here, Johnny.  Bodhi always knows.
What's goin' on?
I've seen that kamikaze look, Johnny.  You've got it.  And Bodhi can smell it a mile away.  He'll take you to the edge... and past it.  Hey, Bodhi.
What are you talking about?
Bunch of goddamn adrenaline junkies. I hope you're not buying into this banzai-bullshit like the rest of Bodhi's moonies.
Yeah, he thinks he's evolved to a higher plane of existence, or something.  Maybe he has.  You've seen him surf... that frenzy.  It seems like anger.  It's not.  It's the energy of lovemaking.  The sea is the woman in his life.  She's his only true lover.
Sure, he's "the Bodhisattva".
We went out for about five minutes... which is four minutes longer than most of them.  But you can't hold it against him, he's... different.
Meaning you were expendable.
People are expendable to Bodhi.
Oh, oh.  That sounds personal.
Catch of the day.
Who's the girl?
He rents it for the summer.  Bodhi always gets some slick place and throws it open to every surf burnout around.  Most a these guys can't keep a job.  When the swell comes, they're gone, they have to ride.
Nice place.
Sure.
Stop here.  Do you agree to do exactly what I say when I say it?
Tomorrow, 6 AM.  Here.  If you're a minute late I'm gone.  And Stud... I didn't take you to raise.  I can show you a few things but after that you're on your own. That'll be four fifty.
I came out here from Ohio a month ago.  Never saw the ocean before.  I didn't think it would effect me so much.  Like I'm drawn to it, or something.  I want to do what you do.  It's the truth.
Wait, so I'm a big hero to my folks, right?  But two years ago they got killed in a car wreck and I just suddenly realized all my goals had been their goals.  And I hadn't been living my own life.  So I wanted something for myself.  Something that maybe didn't make any sense.  You know what I mean?
This gonna take long?
No, no.  See, all my life I've done things for other people.  In high school I played football because my old man expected me to.  Then my parents always figured I'd go to law school, so I did.  Football scholarship.  Graduated Phi Beta Kappa--
What is it?  You all of a sudden got this bug you had to go surfing? This is a line, right?
Well, I'm just gonna go back out there till I catch on to it or break my neck.
I can see that.  But forget it. Stick to tennis, or whatever you're good at.  Miniature golf.  Here, your number's 37.
I'm serious.
Gimme a break.  One shrimp and fries to go!  Anything to drink?
I need you to teach me.
I mean, what do you want?  What are you doing hanging around here.
Shrimp and fries.
What do you want?
Wait!  Jesus Christ!  You're fucking crazy, you know that? You go in there you're gonna eat it on the rocks.  Here, follow me.
Bye.
I'm telling you so when you look back on this moment, you can think... there was this guy named Utah and he was pretty much a dork but maybe not such a bad person and I let him drown in conditions he had no business being in whatsoever... when I could have easily helped him.
Who cares!
My name's Johnny Utah!
Carefully, tough guy.  Very carefully.
Hey!  Uh, how do I get back in?
Yeah, you saw me and you figured that if a mere girl can do it, a big strong stud like you shouldn't have any problem.  Right?!  Well you figured wrong, dork!
Well, I saw you and--
Something... in the trees...
Billy... What the hell's wrong with you?
What about the rest of Hopper's men?
I don't believe he did, Sir. I couldn't find a single track. Just doesn't make sense.
I can't believe Jim Hopper walked into an ambush.
Strange, Major. There was a firefight. Shooting in all directions.
Six others, U.S. issue jungle boots. They came in from the north, then followed the guerrillas.
What do you mean?
Major, looks like there were ten, maybe twelve guerrillas. Looks like they took some prisoners from the chopper.  Then a different set of track, over there.
Right behind you.
I'll see you there.
You know you can't win this one.
Guess I've picked up some bad habits from you, Dutch. Now don't argue with me, you know I'm right. Get to that chopper and hold it for us. We'll be along.
This isn't your style, Dillon.
No way, Dutch. I'm going. You get these people and get the hell out of here.
Now what, Dutch. You going to send your mystery guest an invitation?
He'll be looking for the trip wires. If we're lucky, he won't see this.
That rendezvous is ten maybe twelve miles, at most! We're almost home. But the chopper won't wait.
We're not going.
What are you talking about? We'll be out of here in ten minutes.
We're going to need everyone.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
No more games.
You're wastin' your time.
Bullshit. You're just like the rest of us.
I can accept that, it comes with the job.
Expendable assets, Dillon. Seems Langley is never around when you need them.
We're still too far in, they won't risk coming in for us.
The wound all fused, cauterized... what the hell did this?
Blain...  ... Just like the others... no powder burns, no shrapnel.
We take her and she'll give away our position, every chance she gets. No prisoners, Dillon.
She's too valuable. She's got to know their whole network. The whole set up. We take her with us.
We've been lookin' for this place for months. The chopper must have gotten close when they got shot down. Hopper was sent in to get my men. He was just doing his job. When he disappeared I had to clean this up, I had to stop there bastards. We were so close, we couldn't quit. We couldn't sleep through this one. I needed you, Dutch, can't you see that?
What story did you give to Davis?
Because I told you, you're the best. I knew you could do it but I couldn't get you in here without a cover story.
Why us?
That's right, I set you up. You're a veteran at this, Dutch, I had to.
It was all bullshit. All of it. From the start... you set us up, got us in here to do your dirty work.
Well somebody sent them.
Jesus... this is inhuman.  Uh... I wasn't told of any operations in this area. They shouldn't have been here.
I knew this man. Green Berets, out of Fort Bragg. What the hell were they doing in here? You got any answers for this, Dillon?
Probably another rebel patrol. They operate in here all the time.
Mean anything to you?
They're getting better equipped every day.
Billy's on it.  Heat seeker. Pretty sophisticated for half-asses mountain boys.
You never were all that smart... let's go!!!
You don't know how much I missed this, Dutch!!! Once you get this in your blood, you never get it out!!!
This gets better by the minute.
No such thing, old buddy. It's a one way ticket. Once we cross that border, we're on our own.
Who's our back-up on this?
Our rendezvous points and radio freqs. are indicated and fixed. AWACS contact on four hour intervals.
Go on.
Those cabinet members are very important to our scope of operations in this part of the world. They're about to get squeezed. We can't let that happen. I needed someone who could get the job done, quick and quiet... no screw-ups. I needed the best. The best. So, I pulled a few strings at the State Department... and here we are.
Wasn't my style. We're a rescue unit, not assassins.  This must be good. Big shot from the CIA, leaves his desk to come back to the bush. What's so important?
Also heard that you passed on that little job in Libya.
Like the old days, Dillon.
That piece of work you guys pulled off at the Berlin embassy last week was really something. Blew the entry points on three floors and neutralized the opposition in eight seconds flat. Beautiful.
You never did know when to quit.
No way, old buddy.
You've been pushing too many Pencils, Dillon. Had enough?
We both got scores to settle.
... Right, I got a score to settle for the Bro...
Take a position over there. I'll work around towards you. When I flush him, you nail him...
Those eyes... disappeared. But I know one thing, Major...  ... I drew down and fired right at it. Capped-off two hundred rounds and then the Mini-gun; the full pack. Nothin'... nothin' on this earth could have lived... not at that range.
What, Sergeant?
Don't know, only saw one of 'em. Camouflaged. He was there...  ... Those fucking eyes...
Anytime.
Thanks.
The best friend I ever had.
I'm sorry, Bull. It's never easy. He was a good soldier.
Thank you, Sergeant.
We've got most of the flares, frags. and two claymores just outside. Nothin's comin' close to here without trippin' on somethin'.
I'll take him.
Put him in his poncho and liner and carry him back. We'll bury him in the morning.
I saw it.
You saw what?
Can't say, Major... been squirrely all mornin'... fuckin' weird... sometimes I think that nose of his is too good... smells things that ain't there.
What's got Billy so spooked?
We found 'em both, dead. And the gear from the chopper. If they're Central American, I'm a fuckin' Chinaman. By the looks of 'em, I'd say our cabinet minister and his aide are CIA.  Another thing, Major, we were lucky... couple of those guys we waxed are Russians, military advisors by the look of it. Something big was about to happen here.
Any sign of the hostages?
Someone else will be going in with you.
What's that, General?
You lift off in three hours.  There's one other thing.
We figure we've got less than twenty-four hours to catch up with them. After that, there's not much hope. We want a rescue operation mounted tonight. That doesn't give you much time.
What have you got in mind, General.
That's the problem. Apparently they strayed off course.  We're certain they've been captured by the guerrillas.
That's over the border, General.
It's been a long time, General.
You're looking well, Dutch.
Why didn't he try to kill one of us last night?
He knows our defenses.
How could anyone get through this, carry Blain out, right under our noses without leavin' a trace?
There's no sign of it.
Where the hell is his body?
I think it's Hawkins.
What in God's name...?
I can't tell.
Hawkins?
Major, you'd better take a look at this.
Same business, guerrillas hauling two guys from the chopper... followed by men with American equipment...
What's he got?
I don't think that was any ordinary army taxi...
Mmmnnn...?
There's something else, Major...
Took 'em out with a heat seeker.
They never are, dear.
He's not really my uncle.
Your uncle will like this.
Philip!  We'll need shoes!
I dunno.  Do thigh high, leather boots go with a cocktail dress?
You'll want a cocktail dress then.  Turn.  You have a beautiful figure.  A little too out in the open but simply lovely.  Size six? Do you need shoes?
Well... I might be going out to dinner.
No wonder.  For starts, you should know that hot pants are <u>horrid</u>, even when you do have the legs to carry them off.  What are your plans while you're in town?
Georgia.
I do.  I take it all very personally.  Very nice meeting you, Vivian.
Do what you have to do.  I don't take it personally.
I don't think so.  You should know we're going to fight you with every resource we have.
We can reach an understanding on this.
But I do know.  I also know your lines of credit are over-extended. If I don't buy your company, someone else will...  Ah, the escargot.
There's no way you could know that.
You're not getting any navy contracts.
We're on the verge of closing a large navy contract.  Double is ridiculous but we can assure you a healthy profit on your shares.  We would give you a promissory note...
Twenty-five percent.
Mr. Harris, we know you've purchased at least twenty percent of our stock.  We also know you plan to file a formal bid for a majority share.
I'd like to find out.  You don't know anything about me either. That's why people have lunch.
You don't know anything about me.
I see.  Well.  Maybe that means you'd have lunch with me sometime then.
It's... it's not like that.
Hope to be?
No.
Hey, big guy, you getting tired, yet?  I am.  This is Vivian.  You two been together long?  You and Edward?
Thunder's a horse.  Come on.
Please, we hardly know each other.
Let's not talk about it, it's too depressing.  Come on, I'll show you Thunder.
Huh?  Oh... yeah.  S'okay?  Uhm... how're... business things going.
I like your hat.
Who indeed...
Who are you going after next, sir?
Mr. Kross is just getting off the phone with his stock broker. It's finished.  You've won.
What?
Congratulations, sir.
I talked to some developers about the land.
You what?
The real estate possibilities are endless.  Most of the yard we'll just level.  I talked to a couple of developers, under the table, of course, and they said --
Not with those smokestacks it's not.
Storage, I think.
What's that long building over there?
You're very right.  I think the best thing we could all do is go home.
You'd be initiating a financial battle you'd ultimately lose, Mr. Harris.
This time I imagine you would, yes.  Hmm...  With all this in mind, Mr. Kross, I can't logically make a formal bid on your company, can I?
Quiet.  Would I get the loans?
I suppose you'd find out soon enough that you have assets you presently don't seem aware of, wouldn't you?  The waste processing licenses at that abandoned shipyard of yours, you'd certainly find out about that.
I... I don't know.  There... there wasn't time...
How?
I... I would take advantage of it.
If you had a... reprieve, what would do?
Yes.
Stop.  For just a moment.  Mr. Kross, I'd like to ask you a few questions <u>before</u> you sign. You realize that you're a target. If you weren't mine, you'd be someone elses, correct?
You're making the right decision, sir.
Of course, yes.  After the <u>expected</u> filing period is over, I'm going to recommend to the board that we accept your bid.
<u>Expected</u>... offer.
Yes.  I'm here to tell you that I've reconsidered my position on your acquisition offer.
Not bad for a man who hasn't slept in four nights.  I'll get used to it.
How are you, Mr. Kross.
Mr. Harris.
It is <u>not</u> your company.  It's a public company.  And I <u>am</u> going to acquire it.  Either I buy from the other stock holders, or I buy from you.
I don't question the legality of what you do.  It's your morality that makes me sick.  I will not allow my company to be raped by a man like you.
What I did with those companies was perfectly legal.
I know all about you, Mr. Harris. When you buy companies, they have a way of disappearing.  Even the pension funds are stripped clean. The last three companies you took over were cut up in so many pieces, widows were left without their retirement checks.
No.  What I have is a lot of money.
You've got a lot of nerve.
Mr. Kross, I'm not here to sell you my stock.  On the contrary, I'm here to buy yours.
To get me in a mood to sell -- double what I paid.  But your company doesn't have enough capital right now to buy anything.
What would it take to buy our stock back?  Name your price.
It's not your fault.  You're right.  Kit's right.  But I want the fairy tale.
Vivian...
I didn't think so.
I do.  I do want to.  That's why I'm leaving.  That's what you given me, see? I know what I want now.  I want a guy like you for real.  Not because you buy me things and give me money.  The nicest thing you ever done for me is hold my hand. You gonna give me that?
Stay with me tonight.  Not because you're being paid to. Stay with me because you want to.
Aw, don't... no...
I'm leaving.  Don't ya see?  If I stay with you like you want me to, there'll always be some guy, your friends eve, treatin' me like that... thinkin' they're allowed to.  What are you gonna do, fight'm all? No.  I'll take my money now, please.
You're packing.
It felt good.
It was good.
I got tired of hating my father.
It was a business decision.
Right.  You're quite the Sir Galahad today, aren't ya'?  I heard what you did with Kross.
Not all men hit.  And no one is going to hit you anymore.
Why do guys always know how to hit a woman?  Right across the cheek, wham, so it feels like your eye is gonna explode.  What do they do, take you all aside in high school and show you how? It pisses me off!
It's what I do for a living. It's how I make money.
It's all just business to you. Him.  Me.  Your life. Everything's business.
Yes.  The man made a business decision.
Business.
It's not your concern.  It's... business, that's all.
Right.
Vivian, I want you to listen to me.  The man realized that it would be better for his future and his son's future, if he cooperated.
Last time I saw him he was this strong guy.  Now he's beaten. And you <u>liked him</u>.
What do you mean?
What did you do to him?
You just did.
I've never treated you like a whore.
I know.  Hey, don't mind me.  I'm being stupid.  I'll think about it, okay?  It's a real good offer for a whore.
Vivian, life's not a fairy tale.
When I was a little girl, my mother locked me in the attic when I was bad, which was pretty often. I'd stare out the window up there and make believe I was a princess trapped in the tower by the wicked queen.  Then suddenly a knight on a white horse with his bright colors flying would ride up. Rescue me from the tower, and then we'd ride off... but never, ever in all the times I had that dream did the knight say, "Come on baby, I'll put you up in a great condo."
Vivian, I've thought about this a lot.  This is the best solution.
I'm sorry.  That's very sweet, Edward, and I know you mean it...
It wouldn't be like that.  I want to get you off the street.  You'll have a different kind of life. What's wrong with that?
What else?  You gonna leave some cash by the bed when you pass through town?
I have to go to New York tomorrow.
Yeah, you've been pretty tough to take.
One more night and you're finally rid of me.
Yes.  I've never enjoyed it more. Thank you.
Did you?
I know.  I'm glad.
I more than liked it.
If you'd gone on about how much you liked it, I'm not sure I'd have believed you.
Vivian, don't be afraid of what you don't know.  That's the fun of it.
But don't they have it in English?
I'll whisper some of the main parts of the story to you.  But you'll be surprised how much you understand.  The music conveys the story more powerfully than any words.
If it's in Italian, how will I know what they're saying?
What happened to him?
You mean, besides Elvis?  I'm a human being.  Sure.  Once. First time I ever ran away from home, I got as far as Atlanta. I met this boy.  He'd been with his parents on their way to Chicago.  They stopped at a gas station.  He went to the john. When he came back they'd split. We sorta started looking out for each other.  Aw, he was sweet. And boy, was he good looking, y'know, dark hair and eyes. The chicken hawks were on him all the time.  He hated that. Sometimes we'd find a safe place to crash nights and we'd curl up together and we'd talk about all these crazy things.  The two of us getting married someday. Having kids.  Stupid stuff.
Vivian.  I'm paying you to be you.  Be you.  Have you?  Ever been in love with anyone?
Sorry.  You're not paying me to ask you question like that.
I'm glad you like it.  Now be quiet, I've really got to read these.
I've never been on a plane before.
The opera.
Huh?
To meet some friends.  Rudolpho, a poet... Benoit, a landlord... Mimi, a flower maker...
Where are you taking me!?
You don't want to go all the way to San Francisco in a limousine, do you?  I don't.
I'll guard them and you with my life.
What if someone tries to steal it?
You won't.
What if I lose it?
Shush.  Of course you can.
Edward, I can't.
I don't want you to get too excited... these are on loan... however...
What's that?
Hmm... let's see... no, there's something missing.
Do I look okay?
I really am sorry.
I'm not hurt.  It doesn't hurt you when somebody pisses on you, it just pissed you off.
Vivian... I'm sorry.  I wasn't prepared for questions about us. It was an idiotic and insensitive thing I did.  I should have known that it would hurt you.
I'll call you a cab.  If you want the clothes, pack them up.
Fuck off.
Fine.  I'm only here a couple of more days and I'm not going to spend them fighting with you.
Pay me!  Before I pick up this chair and smash your face in.
Vivian...
Well, it's true.  Just pay me what you owe me and I'm gone.
Your goddamned friend, he thinks the only reason I'm with you is for the money.
Can we talk about this?  Can you just try to calm down?
I want my fucking money.  I'm getting out of here.  I don't want anything more to do with you.
What was I supposed to do?  I told the truth.  Why should the truth upset you?  It's not as if you're from a convent.
Stuckey!  He wants an "appointment" with me after you leave.  You my pimp now or did he think that up on his own?
Would you please calm down.  Tell me what happened.
I've been with stinking old men who've made me want to puke but I've never had anyone make me feel as dirty as you did tonight.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Clean the slut up, take her out, huh?!  What are you trying to prove!?  I'm not a piece of meat for you to offer to your friends!
Vivian, what the --
You asshole!  I can't believe what a --!
Ready to stomp sod?
I thought I was the pro.  These women make me feel like an amateur.
I'm sure that's true for some of them.
Edward, these women here, I don't think any of'm like the guys they're with.  They're just into it for the money.
Shall we mingle?
You could freeze ice on his wife's ass.  She anything like your ex?
He's good at what he does.
Real genuine guy.
You did.
I really doubt anyone here frequents Hollywood Boulevard.
What id we run into someone I know?
I think it's exciting.
You're really pushing it, bringing me here.
He died a long time ago.
You still mad at'm?
Not much to tell.  I went to public school.  Went to university on scholarship.  Went to work for an investment firm. In eight years I owned it.  My father was chairman of the board of the third company I ever went after.  I swallowed that company and shit out the pieces. One of the pieces was him.
Keep talkin'.  I like hearin'.
Easier than learning how to be poor.  My father's family was wealthy. When I was young there were cars and houses, private schools, nannies.  But then my father divorced my mother to marry another woman.  And he took his money with him.
Seems like it.  I guess it's easy to get used to, huh?
No.
You always been rich?
Dinner can wait.
What about dinner?
Please.
Wait till you see what I have on underneath.
Thank you.  I would.  Nice.
I thought maybe you'd like dinner.
Come with me?
Good.
Okay.
Vivian, you belong wherever you are.  I don't care how you were dressed, they were the ones who were wrong, not you.
I had a little problem in one store.  I wasn't dressed right. I don't know what to say.  I don't belong there.  Maybe I'll just go back to Bridget.  She was cool.
Was someone rude to you?
Well, you know those cold bitches that work in those stores and try to intimidate you?  It works.
Why not?
I wasn't as much fun as I thought it was going to be.
I still don't understand why you only bought one dress.
Uh-uh.  No work.
I have work to do.
Yeah, it's this box, it has pictures, sound.  You don't have to use your brain at all.
Television?
Know what we're gonna do in a little while then?  We're gonna call Domino's and have'm deliver a bigass pizza.  We're gonna eat it in bed.  We're gonna veg' out and watch television.
We're the exactly the same!  Kit keeps telling me don't get emotional when you turn tricks -- that's why no kissing -- it's too personal. The key is like you're saying, stay numb, don't get involved -- when I'm with a guy, I'm a robot, I just do it.  Except with you.  At your price I give my all...
Whether I liked him or not is irrelevant.  It's business. There's no emotion involved in business... if you want to survive.
You liked the guy, though.
Upset.  No.  I never get upset about business.
You're upset, huh?
Some game.  Screwin' some poor slob out of his retirement.
And that's the way the game is played.
You're forgiven.
I'm sorry.
Oooh!
I thought I told you not to answer the phone.
Hello?
Thank you <u>very much</u>.
... all right.  I'll meet you in the lobby.  But only cause you're paying me to.
I think you'll approve.
Any good?
The Rex.
Go by yourself then.  Where you taking me anyway?
This isn't a date.
No, I don't "got it".  Even the farmboys back in Georgia come to the door when they're taking you on a date.
Let's hope so.  You'll get some more clothes tomorrow.  I'll be pushed for time so meet me in the hotel lobby at seven forty-five sharp.  Got it?
It's very tasteful.  I think you'll especially like the zipper in the crotch.  I'm -- joking.
Just one?  Christ... I hope it's appropriate.
I got a dress, yeah.
Did you buy some clothes?
Tsk, believe me, this will be the last time.
Never answer the phone.  Ever.
Three thousand for five days. And Vivian, I will let you go.
Look butthead, I'll treat you so nice you'll never want to let me go, okay?
I'm not just talking about sex.
Holy shit.
Done.
Three.
All right, two thousand.
But you want days too.
Vivian, may I point out five more nights at three hundred a night is only 1,500.
Four thousand.
Five full nights... days too?
Of course.  How much?
It'd cost you.
I'm in town until Saturday.
What?
All right.  How much for the week?
Don't drown.
I fucked the debate team in high school.  Tsk.  I had a grampa. He liked ties on Sundays.  You mind if I take a swim in your bathtub before I hit it?
Where'd you learn to do this?
There, see?  Now the emblem is right in the middle of the knot.
Not... quite.
Sorta like stealing cars and selling'm for parts, huh?
Assets are anything of value a company owns.  Sometimes the pieces are worth more than the whole.  By selling them off, I make a profit.
C'mon, I might buy a company some day.
Vivian --
What are assets?
By breaking up a company's assets --
What?  Why?
I sell them.
So what a ya do with the companies once you buy'm?
... dollars?
The one I'm buying this week will cost around 150 million.
No shit.  They expensive?
I buy companies.
"Occupational hazard".
No?  Why's that?
I like guys if that's what you're asking.  Not that I trust'm.
Do you ever... enjoy it?
I'd say you give a good dollar value.
I just hope it was worth three hundred bucks.
Mmm, I could tell.
Oooh, Baby, you were the best. I was beside myself.
I took the couch.  I had some work to do.  About last night...
Where'd you go?
Occupational hazard?
Yeah.  Too good.  I forgot where I was.
Did you sleep well?
No hurry.  Would you like some breakfast?
You didn't wake me.  I'll be out of here in a minute.
Good morning.
If I want you to turn me on I'll pay <u>you</u> three hundred.  Just lay back and let me drive.
What do you like?
Yes...
Just a romantic, that's you.
You really are a very beautiful girl.
Vivian... the meter's running... cooperate.
Jesus, you act like you're seducing some Valley girl you picked up in a dance club.
Because they bring out the flavor of the champagne.
Why?
Try a strawberry.
Oooh, thank god.
It's a very good year.
They should be.  They're both good at it.
Where are they?  Shopping together?
Tsk.  Excuse me, I didn't think he had change for a hundred.
I think he wanted you to tip him.
I've known a lot of everybody.
Sounds like you've known a lot of lawyers.
I dunno... you have that sharp, useless look.
And why do you say that?
Let me guess, you're a... lawyer.
Uh-huh.
Right.  So!  In town on business?
Let's talk some more first.
Fair enough.
Well, the meter's running, it's your money.  Speaking of which, cash'll do.  In advance.
Always.
Do you plan everything?
Want to know something?  I don't quite know.  I hadn't planned this.
-- and a bowl of strawberries. Thank you.
Can I have some chips?
Send up a bottle of Crystal champagne.
Diet coke.
Room service.  What do you drink?
Exactly.
Off the boulevard.
Every place has hookers, but if this hotel has hookers, they don't look like they're...
You mean they don't have hookers.
You may feel more comfortable. This is not the kind of place that rents rooms by the hour.
Why?
My raincoat's in the back.  Put it on.
Then let's go.  It's worth 300 just so I don't have to drive.
Better believe it.
You know how to drive a stick?
What?
Get in.  This side.
Edward... you got it!
Edward.  My name is Edward.
What's your name, lover.
Fine.
Three hundred.
You couldn't afford it.
Vivian, how much to put up with me for the entire night?
No, but it's getting there.
Neither do I.  A hundred bucks an hour though. That's pretty stiff.
I never joke about money.
You're joking.
For an hour.
For the whole night?
Company would cost you... a hundred dollars.
What do you charge for company, Vivian?
You don't know habits, you think this is ugly.
Ugly habit, biting your nails.
Sorry.  If I did, I didn't mean to.
If you're making fun of me, I don't like it.
Very good.  You ought to have that printed up on your business card.
Tell me about it.  L.A. is suffering from a wacko epidemic. And who knows where half the guys I pick up have been.  I mean, I use condoms.  Always.  And I get checked out once a month at the free clinic.  Not only am I better in the sack than an amateur, I'm probably safer.
Must be dangerous.  Hooking.
Day jobs, yeah.  I've tried them.  Turn right.
So do day jobs.
It pays.
You like being a hooker, Vivian?
What do you want it to be?  Vivian, my name's Vivian.
What's your name?
Yeah, I peed in the fountain there once.  Give me a break.
Regent Beverly Wilshire.  I bet you know it.
Okay, what <u>ho</u>tel?
<u>Ho</u>tel.
What motel you staying at?
New York.
You're not from L.A., huh?
Very good.  You're obviously mechanical.
If you can figure it out, be my guest.
Mind if I turn on some heat?
Not exactly.
Stolen?
No.
Nice car.  Yours?
Sit-and-spin.  Alright... why not?
Sit... and spin.
Why don't you just do it out of the kindness of your heart?
The price just went up to ten.
That's ridiculous.
Sure.  For five bucks.
Good.  Can you tell me how to get to Beverly Hills?
Actually, I'm a movie star out for a walk.
No, you look like a hooker.
Great.  What do I look like a tourguide?
Yes.
What?  You gonna tell me you're lost?
Uh, no.  How do I get to Beverly Hills?
You looking' for some company?
What's that?
Hey Sugar, you lookin' for a date?
Afternoon.
Good afternoon, Mr. Harris.
Thank you.
Mr. Harris, a guest of yours, is a guest of ours and shall be treated accordingly.  The young lady asked me to tell you that she is waiting for you in the lounge.
The young lady staying in your room?
My what?
I have a message for you from your "niece", sir.
Of course, yes.  If you'll excuse me just a moment --
Barnard Thomas, manager of the hotel.
Yes.
All this because of that whore!
And I don't like what we've become.  I'll cover any losses you have on this one.  Now get out, you asshole!
Edward, we've been together ten years.
I think I broke my hand.  You're fired.
You broke my nose.
Have a good day, gentlemen.
What!?
Have you lost your mind?
I suppose you'd use them as collateral on new loans, wouldn't you?
Oh, my god... Edward, no!
Let him answer.
I don't think there's any sense in --
We'll be there.  Listen, if he's really caving in, we'll go from there down to the office.  I want him to commit his stock to us this morning.
Give me twenty minutes.
He wouldn't say.  Edward... I think we got him.  His nuts are on the block and <u>we got him</u>.  You there?
Why?
I had to call.  I jus got off the phone with James Kross.  Get this.  He wants to see you. Today.
I'm up.
Did I wake you?
Goodbye, Bill.
Promise me you'll read those contracts by then.
Bill?  Stop panicking.  Kross isn't going anywhere and I don't need to spend the rest of the day watching his stock go down.  I'll be in the office tomorrow.
This is no time to disappear. We're in too far.
Christ, Bill, she's not a spy, she's a hooker.  I picked her up off Hollywood Boulevard.
Industrial espionage is not ridiculous.  Edward, how do you know she hasn't attached herself to you so she can bring Kross back information?
You're being ridiculous.
So now they're best friends? Edward, this girl appears out of nowhere and now I see her talking to a guy whose company we're trying to buy.  It's too convenient.
She met him at dinner last night... I like this tie.
Hear me out.  I've known you a long time.  I see a difference in you this week.  Like that tie. I'm suddenly wondering if this girl's not the difference. Especially when I see her talking with David Kross.
Why do you want to know?
Sales, really?  That's great. What does she sell?
Vivian's in sales.
Doing what?
Yes...
And you just happened to run into her.  Great.  What's she do?  She work?
The night I left your house, I was lost.  I was looking for directions.
Come on, you can tell me.  I sure would like to know where a guy runs into a girl as attractive as this.
We just did.
Fill me in on this.  How'd you and Vivian meet?
Bill Stuckey, Vivian.  My wife, Elizabeth.
Bill, I'd like you to meet Vivian.
And some of it's mine.  Edward, his jugular's exposed.
Come on, Bill, don't talk to me about how much money's involved. It's my money.
Excuse me for saying this but what is wrong with you this week? First, you go soft on the pension funds.  Now, you're giving him the chance to get away?  As of two minutes ago, you are committed to the tune of over fifty million dollars --
Do it.
But, Edward...
I want the treatment plant licenses to be top priority right now.
We're letting them slide?
Put the pension funds on hold until I say otherwise.
Our contract guys are working on the Kross pension funds. There's another forty million there.  We can bleed'm dry.
Someone's loaning it to him. Get on it right away.
Goddamit!  Where is he getting the money to fight?
No one you know.
Eight o'clock.  Kross is bringing his son.  Very bright kid, watch yourself with him.  Who's this girl you're taking?
What time's diner tonight?
We don't have the time to bring someone new up to speed. Besides...  You've already impressed everyone you need to, haven't you?
What!?
I know a lot of nice girls.
I'm here.
Edward, did you hear me?
I'll bring it back.
Oh, god, what?
Bill, we're businessmen, not the damn mafia.  I'll see you in the office.  By the way, about your car...
You shouldn't go alone.  He might claim that you tried to black mail him.
I'll see him alone.  Everyone knows you're my muscle.  We'll make it social.  Tell Kross I'll meet him for dinner.  Tonight if you can arrange it.
Edward, if the three of us sit down together we might as well announce our plans in the Wall Street Journal.
I want to.
Yes!  And you don't even know where you're going!
Love this car!  Is it new?
No.
Cynthia's not coming?
Really?  Some high class gold digger who speaks French better than I do?  No, thank you.  I just got off the phone with one.
Listen, there're some major local talent inside just dying to meet you...
Apologize to Elizabeth for me.
At least stay for a drink.  This party's for you.
Give me your car keys, will you, I'm going back to my hotel.
What's up, where you going?
I'm gonna pay you back next time I see ya, babe.  Just wait, I'm gonna do something real nice for you some day.
I want to.  For food, got it? Eat something before the wind blows you away.
No.  You took care of rent, that's enough.
Cool your jets a second.  Here's some money.
Yeah.  Well... I gotta split. Goodbye's make me crazy.
Couple a hours.
And leave all this?  Not in a million.
You sure you won't come with me?
Do I!?  Momma!
Want a pair of boots?
So did I.  I made it with the principal.  Study hard And get a "B."  Lift your dress and an "A" you'll see.
School, school.  Regular.  I used to get pretty good grades in school, you know.
What kind of school?
Get a job and probably go back to school.  Figure out what I'm gonna be.
So whatta' you going to do in San Francisco?
Wow, are you in deep shit.  You know he'll break your heart.
I don't care about bucks.  I might love this guy.
Go for the bucks.
All I'm doing is feeling lousy about it.  I don't know what to do.  What do I do, Kit?
I pray for that.
He wants to set me up in a place, give me some money.
Dummy.
It was great.
Oh, my god, you mean it was good?
I know.  I stopped pretending and started liking it with him for real.
Honey, you're not supposed to do that.
I kissed him, Kit.  On the mouth.
Where do you fit?
You think I fit here where they just about chew your food for you?
What do you know?  You look <u>good</u>. All dressed up.  You clean up real nice.  You sure don't fit in down on the Boulevard, lookin' like you do.  Not that you ever did anyway.
Yeah... I know what you mean.
Everybody keeps starin' at me.
Kit...
Yeah.  I just got it.
Kit, I left that money for you days ago.
Carlos.  I still owe him two hundred bucks...
Who did you think?
Was that you?
Yes, I'm glad you're clean but I've been calling and calling.
Baby!  Rodeo Drive.
Yeah.
In Beverly Hills?
Hey Kit, where do I go for the clothes?  Good stuff on <u>him</u>.
I'm getting dressed now.  I'll be over.  Bye.
Three hundred for last night and he gave me extra to buy some clothes.  Now listen, I'm gonna leave an envelope for you at the front desk. Give me two hundred to the scum bucket and the other hundred to that asshole landlord for part of the rent.  Spend it on drugs and I'll pull your hair out.
I'm sorry, Viv'.  Carlos has been on my back.  Did you get the money up front like I taught ya'?
He... he just does.
Why'd he want you?
Kit, listen, the guy last night, the one in the Ferrari, I'm at this hotel, the Regent Beverly Wilshire, it's this absolutely unbelievable place and he's hired me for a whole week and Kit, listen, he's paying me three thousand bucks!  We can get out of the apartment.  We can get out of this town.  We can do anything!  Kit?  Hey, you there?
I was asleep.  You woke me.  You okay?
Kit!  Where've you been?
'Lo.
He's not gonna want us.
Hey, hey -- There's a rent.
That crack is burning a hole in your pocket.  There isn't even milk in the fridge.  The rent's due.  Now come on --
I can't handle this tonight. I'm going home.
Forget it.  We work for it.  We keep it.
Maybe we should get a pimp. Carlos likes you and --
Looks slow tonight.
Okay.  I'm sorry I said your dream was stupid.
No, let's go to work.  Okay?
I will.  I'm trying.  Meanwhile I got some crack left, you wanna get high?
I thought you were giving up that drug shit.
Don't be mad at me.  I'll pay you back.  I promise.
I just saw somebody pulled out of a dumpster.  I wonder how much she made tonight?
Viv... don't be stupid.  We're whores.
We worked for that money.  We were gonna put together enough to get out of that dump we live in, get off this street.
I bet.  That was our rent!
Carlos had some great rock.
Hi, Viv.  Carlos, you know my roommate, Viv.
You spent it on drugs, didn't you?
Of rent I do not bullshit.
You bullshittin' me?
Kit give me nothin'.
Don't give me that.  Kit gave it to you yesterday, cash.
Rent.  You're late.
Yeah, what?
Thanks!  Consuelo, are all rich people so lazy they can't do this on their own?
I leave extras, miss.
Oooh, I love those.
I also place las chocolates on the pillow.
Is that all?  You just fold back the bedspread?
Okay.
<u>Housekeeping</u>.  I come to turn down the bed.
What?
Housekeeping.  I come to turn down the bed.  5:00, I turn down the bed.
Certain ladies make that very easy... Vivian.  John, call a limousine for our guest, please.  Have it take her anywhere she wishes to go.  Bill the hotel.  See you again sometime soon.
Come on, Barney, you and me live in the real world.  You don't know how to treat a girl like anything but a lady, Mr. Thomas.
You're not accompanying him to New York?
Yeah, well, I check out today.
Mr. Harris doesn't check out until tomorrow.
Look I just wanted to say goodbye.
Miss Vivian.
Hi, Barney!
I'd send them up, but sadly, I don't trust the young lady to find you on her own.
Me?
Barnard Thomas here.  Miss Vivian, I wonder if you might come down to the front desk.  There's someone here to see you.
Professionally?
Miss Vivian... there's a salon here in the hotel.  Instead of worrying unnecessarily about table manners, why don't you just have your hair done instead?
Maybe I'll just order a burger, Barney, that way I can eat with my hands.
Miss Vivian --
Steak spoon! 
Then you would use your--
I like steak.
Then you use your <u>soup spoon</u>.
But what if they serve soup?
They will serve salad.
What if they serve soup?
Actually, some of the richest people I know have the worst manners.  Of course, Mr. Harris, being of old money, knows his way around a table.  All right now, pay attention please.  Salad fork.
Hmmm... I vonder vich. 
Either you're European or badly brought up.
But I always eat like this.
In fifteen minutes I can teach you everything you need to know to dine with the Queen.  First, as you pick up the knife you shift your fork to the left hand.
Okay.  Thanks, Barney.  You're the best.
You'll like it fine.
Will I like it?
I think you'll find it normal enough.
Yeah, mine too.  Is it like, y'know, normal?
It's a bit beyond my... range, shall we say.
Edward is taking me to some fancy place for dinner.  The Rex.  Ever been there?
What is it, Miss Vivian?
They were real nice to me there. They treated me, y'know... nice. Thanks, Barney.
That's all right.  I'm sure they're quite lovely.
I didn't want to get it messed. I got shoes too.  Wanna see?
I rather hoped you'd be wearing it.
I got a dress.
Of course.  Naturally when Mr. Harris leaves, I won't see you in this hotel again.
Niece?
Miss Vivian... things that go on in other hotels don't happen at the Regent Beverly Wilshire.
Vivian.
What's your name?
I... Edward...
And who is that?
I'm -- I'm with a friend.
You're a guest here?
I'm just going to my room.
I was in here yesterday.
No, I'm sorry, I don't.
Do you remember me?
Yes?
'Scume me.
Would you like to try it on?
I don't think we have anything for you here.  You're obviously in the wrong place.
I'm going to spend <u>money</u>.
Excuse me?
What is with you?
It's very expensive.
I didn't ask if it would fit. I asked how much it was.
I don't think it would fit you.
You have beautiful things.  How much is this?
Yes...
Yes.  Something... conservative.
Are you looking for something in particular?
I'm just looking, thanks.
May I help you?
Don't worry.  I'll pay for it. What a you charge?  Huh?  Twenty, thirty, fifty bucks, <u>maybe</u>?  Are you a fifty dollar whore?
Get out!
Aw, come on, Bill.  It's just business.
I bet.  A lousy whore and you're the gum in a hundred million dollar deal.
I think it's great.
Do you want to know what he did? Do you want to know what the crazy son of a bitch did?  He handed the whole thing back to Kross! On a silver platter.  For no reason!  What was he thinking, I mean, what was going through his goddam head?  Why?  What was all that benevolent crap?  What are we going to become, a philanthropic foundation?  I'll probably be the director of several worthwhile charities.
I just might do that.
Yeah.  Sure.  Why not.  Call me at the Regent Beverly Wilshire.
It's okay.  Edward told me.  Your secret's safe with me.
What?
All this must be quite a change from Hollywood Boulevard.
Yeah.  Thanks.
Having a good time, Vivian?
You survived the Fire Swamp. You must be very brave...  ... but nobody withstands The Machine. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           69.
You don't believe me?
So it's to be torture.
The Prince and the Count always insist on everyone being healthy before they're broken.
Then why bother curing me?
Till they kill you. Yeah.
Then I'm here till I die?
Don't even think --  -- don't even think about trying to escape. The chains are far too thick. And don't dream of being rescued either. The only way in is secret. And only the Prince, the Count, and I know how to get in and out.
Then why is there fear behind your eyes?
I killed him myself.
I do not marry tonight.
Brides often are, I'm told.
Should I be?
You don't seem excited, my little muffin.
Why not? You can't hurt me. Westley and I are joined by the bonds of love. And you cannot track that. Not with a thousand bloodhounds. And you cannot break it. Not with a thousand swords. And when I say you are a coward, that is only because you are the slimiest weakling ever to crawl the earth.
I-would-not-say-such things-if- Iwere-you-
Yes, I am a silly girl, for not having seen sooner that you were nothing but a coward with a heart full of fear.
You're a silly girl.
You never sent the ships. Don't bother lying. It doesn't matter. Westley will come for me anyway.
Yes. Yes, of course. Naturally, not those four.
Every ship but the four you sent.
Every ship but your four fastest, you mean.
Ah! My dulcet darling. Tonight we marry. Tomorrow morning, your men will escort us to Florin Channel where every ship in my armada waits to accompany us on our honeymoon.
Of course.
He will come for me.
I suggest a deal. You write four copies of a letter. I'll send my four fastest ships. One in each direction. The Dread Pirate Roberts is always close to Florin this time of year. We'll run up the white flag and deliver your message. If Westley wants you, bless you both. If not ... please consider me as an alternative to suicide. Are we agreed?
My Westley will always come for me.
I swear it will be done.
He is a sailor on the pirate ship "Revenge." Promise to return him to his ship.
May I live a thousand years and never hunt again.
If we surrender, and I return with you, will you promise not to hurt this man?
Oh, my sweet Westley; what have I done?
... as ... you ... wish...
You mocked me once, never do it again -- I died that day!
Faithfulness he talked of, madam. Your enduring faithfulness. Now, tell me truly. When you found out he was gone, did you get engaged to your prince that same hour, or did you wait a whole week out of respect for the dead?
And what am I?
I asked him what was so important for him. "True love," he replied. And then he spoke of a girl of surpassing beauty and faithfulness. I can only assume he meant you. You should bless me for destroying him before he found out what you really are.
He died well, that should please you. No bribe attempts or blubbering. He simply said, "Please. Please, I need to live." It was the "please" that caught my memory.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           53.
Nothing you can say will upset me.
Does it bother you to hear?
Life is pain, Highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something. I remember this farm boy of yours, I think. This would be, what, five years ago?
You mock my pain!
I can't afford to make exceptions. Once word leaks out that a pirate has gone soft, people begin to disobey you, and then it's nothing but work, work, work, all the time.
On the high seas, your ship attacked, and the Dread Pirate Roberts never takes prisoners.
Hardly complimentary, Your Highness. Why loose your venom on me?
You can die slowly cut into a thousand pieces.
With pride. What can I do for you?
You're the Dread Pirate Roberts; admit it.
I know who you are -- your cruelty reveals everything.
Rest, Highness.
I have loved more deeply than a killer like yourself could ever dream.
"Are not capable of love" is what you mean.
He knows I do not love him.
You admit to me you do not love your fiance?
I never said he was my dearest love. And yes, he will save me. That I know.
You think your dearest love will save you? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           50.
I was giving you a chance. No matter where you take me ... there's no greater hunter than Prince Humperdinck. He could track a falcon on a cloudy day. He can find you
And what is that worth, the promise of a woman? You're very funny, Highness.
If you'll release me ... whatever you ask for ransom ... you'll get it, I promise you...
Catch your breath.
They were both poisoned. I spent the last few years building up an immunity to iocane powder.
To think -- all that time it was your cup that was poisoned.
I am no one to be trifled with, that is all you ever need know.
Who are you?
Then you're not married -- if you didn't say it, you didn't do it  -- wouldn't you agree, Your Highness?
Well, no, we sort of skipped that part.
Did you say, "I do"?
But it did. I was there. This old man said, "Man and wife."
It never happened. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                          117.
What?
It never happened.
I got married. I didn't want to. It all happened so fast.
What hideous sin have you committed lately?
Oh, Westley, will you ever forgive me?
Gently!!
At a time like this that's all you can think to say? "Gently?"
Gently.
Oh, Westley, darling.  Westley, why won't you hold me?
Now, was that so terrible? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           64.
We did it.
Rodents of Unusual Size? I don't think they exist...
Westley, what about the R.O.U.S.'s?
I mean, what are the three terrors of the Fire Swamp? One, the flame spurts. No problem. There's a popping sound preceding each, we can avoid that. Two, the Lightning Sand. But you were clever enough to discover what that looks like, so in the future we can avoid that too.
No. No. We have already succeeded.
We'll never succeed -- we may as well die here.
What? -- go on --
Finally, Roberts decided something. He said, "All right, Westley, I've never had a valet. You can try it for tonight. I'll most likely kill you in the morning." Three years he said that. "Good night, Westley. Good work. Sleep well. I'll most likely kill you in the morning." It was a fine time for me. I was learning to fence, to fight, anything anyone would teach me. And Roberts and I eventually became friends. And then it happened.
I myself am often surprised at life's little quirks. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           59.
But how is that possible, since he's been marauding twenty years and you only left me five years ago?
This will all soon be but a happy memory because Roberts' ship "Revenge" is anchored at the far end. And I, as you know, am Roberts.
You? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           58.
Singed a bit, were you?
Nonsense -- you're only saying that because no one ever has. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           57.
We'll never survive.
There will never be a need.
I will never doubt again.
Death cannot stop true love. All it can do is delay it for a while.
Well ... you were dead.
I told you, "I would always come for you." Why didn't you wait for me?
Move? You're alive. If you want, I can fly.
Can you move at all?
This is true love. You think this happens every day?
But how can you be sure?
Hear this now: I will come for you.
But what if something happens to you?
Of course you will.
I fear I'll never see you again.
As you wish.
Farm Boy. Fill these with water --  --please.
As you wish.
Farm boy. Polish my horse's saddle. I want to see my face shining in it by morning.
Well ...  ... you see, you use different moves when you're fighting half a dozen people than when you only have to be worried about one.
Why should that make such a difference?
Well, I haven't fought just one person for so long. I've been specializing in groups. Battling gangs for local charities, that kind of thing.
Why is that, do you think?
Why do you wear a mask? Were you burned by acid, or something like that? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           39.
And a good thing too.
You're quick.
I just want you to feel you're doing well. I hate for people to die embarrassed.
Look are you just fiddling around with me or what?
It's not my fault being the biggest and the strongest. I don't even exercise. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           38.
Frankly, I think the odds are slightly in your favor at hand fighting.
I could kill you now.
You mean, you'll put down your rock and I'll put down my sword, and we'll try to kill each other like civilized people?
We face each other as God intended. Sportsmanlike. No tricks, no weapons, skill against skill alone.
I believe you -- So what happens now?
I did that on purpose. I don't have to miss.
Oh, good, my way. Thank you, Vizzini.  Which way is my way?
Finish him, finish him. Your way.
What do I do?
Give her to me.  Catch up with us quickly.
I'm waiting!
You be careful.  -- people in masks cannot be trusted.
Don't say that, Vizzini. Please.
-- I do not accept excuses.  I'm just going to have to find myself a new giant, that's all.
Well, I'm carrying three people. And he's got only himself.
You were supposed to be this colossus. You were this great, legendary thing. And yet he gains.
I thought I was going faster.
Faster!
Veer left. Left. Left!
I only dog paddle.
Anybody want a peanut?
No more rhymes now, I mean it.
Am I going mad or did the word "think" escape your lips? You were not hired for your brains, you hippopotamic land mass.
I just don't think it's right, killing an innocent girl.
I've hired you to help me start a war. That's a prestigious line of work with a long and glorious tradition.
You never said anything about killing anyone.
Once the horse reaches the castle, the fabric will make the Prince suspect the Guilderians have abducted his love. When he finds her body dead on the Guilder frontier, his suspicions will be totally confirmed.
The country across the sea. The sworn enemy of Florin.  Go!
Who's Guilder?
It's fabric from the uniform of an Army officer of Guilder.
I'll be right back.
He's getting away from me, Fezzik. Please. FEZZIK!
I hope we win...
What?
Inigo.
Right, right, sorry.
Don't pester him, he's had a hard day.
At Miracle Max's. It fit so nice, he said I could keep it.
Where did you get that?
Will this do?
Over the Albino, I think.
Where did we put that wheelbarrow the Albino had?
We had Miracle Max make a pill to bring you back.
You've been mostly dead all day.
How long do we have to wait before we know if the miracle works?
Tilt his head back. Open his mouth.
We can't wait -- the wedding's in half an hour and we must strike in the hustle and the bustle beforehand.
Has it been fifteen minutes?
What's the difference?  We've got him. Help me here. We'll have to force feed him.
Inigo -- there's more than thirty --
I just hope it's enough to buy a miracle, that's all. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           91.
I have a little.
Have you any money?
The body?
Well, we Montoyas have never taken defeat easily. Come along, Fezzik. Bring the body.
Everybody ... MOVE!!
-- Fezzik, please --
His true love is marrying another tonight, so who else has cause for Ultimate Suffering?  Excuse me --
The Man in Black?
Don't bother me with trifles; after twenty years, at last, my father's soul will be at peace.
But you don't know where he is.
To find the Man in Black, obviously.
-- where?
-- look, he bested you with strength, your greatness. He bested me with steel. He must have outthought Vizzini, and a man who can do that can plan my castle's onslaught any day. Let's go --
-- what? --
No -- not Vizzini -- I need the Man in Black --
That leaves twenty for me. At my best, I could never defeat that many.  I need Vizzini to plan. I have no gift for strategy. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           82.
I don't think more than ten.
How many could you handle?
He's with the Prince in the Castle. But the castle gate is guarded by thirty men.
Yeah?
Perhaps not. I feel fine.
You don't look so good.  You don't smell so good either.
True!
It's you.
Hello.
If there are, we'll all be dead.
FEZZIK, are there rocks ahead?
Yes, some of the time. 
Oh, you've a great gift for rhyme.
He's really very short on charm.
Probably he means no harm.
As you wish...
Maybe you could come over and read it again to me tomorrow.
Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. So long. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                          124.
Okay.
Now I think you ought to go to sleep.
I don't mind so much.
No, it's kissing again. You don't want to hear it.
What? What?
Okay.  All right, now, let's see. Where were we? Oh yes. In the Pit of Despair.
No! I'm okay. I'm okay.  -- sit down. All right?
Nobody. Nobody kills him. He lives. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           90.
Who kills Prince Humperdinck? At the end, somebody's got to do it. Is it Inigo? Who?
I don't understand.
Who gets Humperdinck?
You want me to read this or not?
Westley's only faking, right?
-- yes, you're very smart. Shut-Up.
See? Didn't I tell you she'd never marry that rotten Humperdinck?
It was ten days till the wedding. The King still lived, but Buttercup's nightmares were growing steadily worse.
All right, then. No more interruptions.  ... at noon, she met her subjects again. This time as their Queen.
Yes.
Do you want me to go on with this?
I'm telling you you're messing up the story, now get it right!
Well, who says life is fair? Where is that written? Life isn't always fair.
You read that wrong. She doesn't marry Humperdinck, she marries Westley. I'm just sure of it. After all that Westley did for her, if she does not marry him, it wouldn't be fair.
Oh. You're sick, I'll humor you.  So now, where were we here? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah. Oh. Okay. Westley and Buttercup raced along the ravine floor.
Skip on to the Fire Swamp -- that sounded good.
Someday, you may not mind so much.
They're kissing again, do we have to hear the kissing part?
What is it? What's the matter? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           56.
Oh no. No, please.
No. You could read a little bit more ... if you want. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           17.
Because I can stop now if you want.
Well, maybe I was a little bit concerned. But that's not the same thing.
Well, I wasn't nervous.
The Eel doesn't get her. I'm explaining to you because you looked nervous.
What?
-- murdered by pirates is good --
Westley didn't reach his destination. His ship was attacked by the Dread Pirate Roberts, who never left captives alive. When Buttercup got the news that Westley was murdered --
I don't be-leeve this.
It was a very emotional time for Buttercup --
Keep your shirt on. Let me read.  Westley had no money for marriage. So he packed his few belongings and left the farm to seek his fortune across the sea.
-- well, when does it get good?
-- wait, just wait --
What is this? Are you trying to trick me? -- Where's the sports? -- Is this a kissing book?
-hold it, hold it-
Nothing gave Buttercup as much pleasure as ordering Westley around.
Yeah. It's really good.
Her favorite pastimes were riding her horse and tormenting the farm boy that worked there. His name was Westley, but she never called him that.  Isn't that a wonderful beginning?
Oh. Well, thank you very much. It's very nice of you. Your vote of confidence is overwhelming. All right.  The Princess Bride, by S. Morgenstern. Chapter One. Buttercup was raised on a small farm in the country of Florin.
It doesn't sound too bad. I'll try and stay awake.
Has it got any sports in it?
That's right. When I was your age, television was called books. And this is a special book. It was the book my father used to read to me when I was sick, and I used to read it to your father. And today, I'm gonna read it to you.
A book?
Open it up.
What is it?
I brought you a special present.
The gate has but one key, and I carry that.
Double it. My Princess must be safe.
The Thieves' Forest is emptied. Thirty men guard the castle gate.
Rise and report.
Try ruling the world sometime.
It won't be easy, Sire.
Form a Brute Squad then. I want the Thieves' Forest emptied before I wed.
Many of the thieves will resist. My regular enforcers will be inadequate.
She will not be murdered. On the day of the wedding, I want the Thieves' Forest emptied and every inhabitant arrested.
My spy network has heard no such news.
As Chief Enforcer of all Florin, I trust you with this secret: killers from Guilder are infiltrating the Thieves' Forest and plan to murder my bride on our wedding night.
Sire.
Yellin.
Wrong! Your ears you keep, and I'll tell you why --
-- and then my ears, I understand. Let's get on with it
I wasn't finished -- the next thing you lose will be your left eye, followed by your right --
-- and then my tongue, I suppose. I killed you too quickly the last time, a mistake I don't mean to duplicate tonight.
That may be the first time in my life a man has dared insult me.
I'll explain. And I'll use small words so that you'll be sure to understand, you wart-hog-faced buffoon.
I don't think I'm quite familiar with that phrase.
No.  To the pain.
A technicality that will shortly be remedied. But first things first. To the death.
DEATH FIRST!!
For the last time -- SURRENDER!
It will not happen!
I tell you once again -- surrender!
Ah, but how will you capture us? We know the secrets of the Fire Swamp. We can live there quite happily for some time. So, whenever you feel like dying, feel free to visit.
I give you full marks for bravery --don't make yourself a fool.
You mean you wish to surrender to me? Very well, I accept.
Tyrone, you know how much I love watching you work. But, I've got my country's five hundredth anniversary to plan, my wedding to arrange, My wife to murder, and Guilder to frame for it. I'm swamped. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           75.
Now, where is that secret knot? It's impossible to find.  Are you coming down into the Pit? Westley's got his strength back. I am starting him on The Machine tonight.
Oh, I know. The people are quite taken with her. It's odd, but when I hired Vizzini to have her murdered on our engagement day, I thought that was clever. But it's going to be so much more moving when I strangle her on our wedding night. Once Guilder is blamed, the nation will be truly outraged. They'll demand we go to war.
Your Princess is really a winning creature. A trifle simple, perhaps, but her appeal is undeniable.
Then we will simply alert him.  Beloved, are you certain he still wants you? After all, it was you who did the leaving in the Fire Swamp. Not to mention that pirates are not known to be men of their words.
Yes.
I could never cause you grief; consider our wedding off.  You returned this Westley to his ship?
Of course.
She's been like that ever since the Fire Swamp.  It's my father's failing health that's upsetting her.
I swear it will be done.
Once we're out of sight, take him back to Florin and throw him in the Pit of Despair.
I always think everything could be a trap -- Which is why I'm still alive.
Could this be a trap?
The loser is nothing. -- Only the Princess matters --  -- clearly this was all planned by warriors of Guilder. We must be ready for whatever lies ahead. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           42.
Shall we track them both?
The loser ran off alone.  The winner followed those footprints toward Guilder!
Who won? How did it end?
There was a mighty duel -- it ranged all over. They were both masters.
Have you ever considered piracy? You'd make a wonderful Dread Pirate Roberts.
You know, it's very strange -- I have been in the revenge business so long, now that it's over, I don't know what to do with the rest of my life.
In that case --
No.
I thought he was with you.
Where's Fezzik?
Light him.
Now?
Not yet.
Now?
I'll say -- how do I find the Count? -- Once I do, how do I find you again? -- Once I find you again, how do we escape? --
True, but that's hardly common knowledge, is it?  Thank you. Now, there may be problems once we're inside.
Why? You can't even lift one.
There we cannot help you.
Well, why didn't you list that among our assets in the first place? What I wouldn't give for a holocaust cloak.
Your brains, Fezzik's strength, my steel.
And our assets?
And it is guarded by sixty men.
That doesn't leave much time for dilly dallying.
Buttercup is marrying Humperdinck in a little less than half an hour, so all we have to do is get in, break up the wedding, steal the Princess, make our escape after I kill Count Rugen.
Let me explain --  -- No, there is too much. Let me sum up.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           99.
Who are you? -- Are we enemies? Why am I on this wall? -- Where's Buttercup? --
I'll beat you both apart. I'll take you both together.
Your guess is as good as mine --
I WANT MY FATHER BACK, YOU SON- OFA-BITCH!
-- anything you want --
-- offer me everything I ask for --
-- all that I have and more please --
-- power too -- promise me that --
-- yes --
-- offer me money --
No --
Stop saying that!
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Okay. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           97.
Thank you for everything.
That is a noble cause. Give me the sixty-five, I'm on the job.
Humiliations galore!
Sonny, true love is the greatest thing in the world. Except for a nice MLT, a mutton, lettuce and tomato sandwich, where the mutton is nice and lean and the tomato is ripe. They're so perky, I love that. But that's not what he said. He distinctly said "to blave." And, as we all know, "to blave" means "to bluff." So you're probably playing cards, and he cheated
True love. You heard him. You could not ask for a more noble cause than that.
What's that?
Now, mostly dead is slightly alive. Now, all dead...well, with all dead, there's usually only one thing that you can do.
Look who knows so much. Well, it just so happens that your friend here is only mostly dead. There's a big difference between mostly dead and all dead. Please open his mouth.
He's dead. He can't talk.
Your first story was better.  Where's that bellows?  He probably owes you money, huh? Well, I'll ask him.
I need him to help avenge my father, murdered these twenty years.
Are you a rotten liar.
This is noble, sir.  His wife is crippled. His children are on the brink of starvation.
Sheesh! I never worked for so little, except once, and that was a very noble cause. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           93.
Sixty-five.
Don't rush me, sonny. You rush a miracle man, you get rotten miracles. You got money?
We're really in a terrible rush.
Hah?
Sir. Sir.
He is, eh? I'll take a look. Bring him in.
He's already dead.
Look, I'm retired. And besides, why would you want someone the King's stinking son fired? I might kill whoever you wanted me to miracle.
The King's stinking son fired me. And thank you so much for bringing up such a painful subject. While you're at it, why don't you give me a nice paper cut and pour lemon juice on it? We're closed!
Are you the Miracle Max who worked for the King all those years?
What? What?
I would as soon destroy a stained glass window as an artist like yourself. However, since I can't have you following me either --
Kill me quickly.
Okay.
Get used to disappointment.
I must know.
No one of consequence.
Who are you?!
I am not left-handed either.
Tell me.
There's something I ought to tell you.
I ought to be after twenty years.
You're amazing!
I am not left-handed.
And what is that?
Because I know something you don't know.
Then why are you smiling?
I admit it -- you are better than I am.
Thank you -- I've worked hard to become so.
You are wonderful!
Naturally, you must expect me to attack with Capo Ferro.
I thought it fitting, considering the rocky terrain --
Begin!
You seem a decent fellow. I hate to die.
You seem a decent fellow. I hate to kill you.
Whether I am or not, you've been more than fair. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           30.
You are ready, then?
Well, I certainly hope you find him, someday.
More pursuit than study lately. You see, I cannot find him. It's been twenty years now. I am starting to lose confidence. I just work for Vizzini to pay the bills. There's not a lot of money in revenge.
You've done nothing but study swordplay?
I was eleven years old. When I was strong enough, I dedicated my life to the study of fencing. So the next time we meet, I will not fail. I will go up to the sixfingered man and say, "Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."
How old were you?
My father was slaughtered by a sixfingered man. He was a great swordmaker, my father. And when the six-fingered man appeared and requested a special sword, my father took the job. He slaved a year before he was done.
Do you always begin conversations this way?
Again. Thank you.
We'll wait until you're ready.
Nothing comes to mind.
You don't know any way you'll trust me?
No good. I've known too many Spaniards.
I hate waiting. I could give you my word as a Spaniard.
That's very comforting. But I'm afraid you'll just have to wait.
But I promise I will not kill you until you reach the top.
That does put a damper on our relationship.
I could do that. In fact, I've got some rope up here. But I do not think that you will accept my help, since I am only waiting around to kill you.
If you're in such a hurry, you could lower a rope, or a tree branch, or find something useful to do. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           26.
I do not suppose you could speed things up?
Thank you.
Sorry.
Look, I don't mean to be rude, but this is not as easy as it looks. So I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't distract me.
Slow going?
Oh, have it your way.
Well, it's the only way I can be satisfied. If I use my right -- tch -- over too quickly.
You know what a hurry we're in.
I want to duel him left-handed.
You keep using that word -- I do not think it means what you think it means.  My God! He's climbing.
He didn't fall? Inconceivable!!
Inconceivable!
He's climbing the rope. And he's gaining on us.
Whoever he is, he's too late --  -- see?  The Cliffs of Insanity. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           19.
Look! He's right on top of us. I wonder if he is using the same wind we are using.
I don't swim. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           15.
Go in, get after her!
What?
No reason. It's only, I just happened to look behind us, and something is there.
As I told you, it would be absolutely, totally, and in all other ways, inconceivable. No one in Guilder knows what we've done. And no one in Florin could have gotten here so fast. Out of curiosity, why do you ask?
You're sure nobody's following us?
Stop doing that. We can all relax, it's almost over-
That would be inconceivable.
Making sure nobody's following us.
You only think I guessed wrong --  -- that's what's so funny! I switched glasses when your back was turned. You fool.
You guessed wrong.
I'll tell you in a minute. First, let's drink -- me from my glass, and you from yours.
What's so funny?
I will. And I choose --
Then make your choice.
It has worked -- you've given everything away -- I know where the poison is.
You're trying to trick me into giving away something -- it won't work --
You'd like to think that, wouldn't you?  You've beaten my giant, which means you're exceptionally strong. So, you could have put the poison in your own goblet, trusting on your strength to save you. So I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you. But, you've also bested my Spaniard which means you must have studied. And in studying, you must have learned that man is mortal so you would have put the poison as far from yourself as possible, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me.
You're just stalling now.
Yes -- Australia, and you must have suspected I would have known the powder's origin, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           46.
Australia.
Wait till I get going! Where was I?
Truly, you have a dizzying intellect.
Not remotely. Because iocane comes from Australia, as everyone knows. And Australia is entirely peopled with criminals. And criminals are used to having people not trust them, as you are not trusted by me. So I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you.
You've made your decision then7
Now, a clever man would put the poison into his own goblet, because he would know that only a great fool would reach for what he was given. I'm not a great fool, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you. But you must have known I was not a great fool; you would have counted on it, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me.
Hmm.
What you do not smell is called iocane powder. It is odorless, tasteless, dissolves instantly in liquid, and is among the more deadlier poisons known to man.
I smell nothing.
Inhale this, but do not touch.
Good. Then pour the wine.
I accept.
For the Princess?
Really? In that case, I challenge you to a battle of wits.
Morons.
Yes.
Let me put it this way: have you ever heard of Plato, Aristotle, Socrates?
You're that smart?
I'm afraid so -- I can't compete with you physically. And you're no match for my brains.
But if there can be no arrangement, then we are at an impasse.
There will be no arrangement --  -- and you're killing her!
Perhaps an arrangement can be reached.
-- there's nothing to explain. You're trying to kidnap what I've rightfully stolen. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           43.
Let me explain-
Bye.
It would take a miracle. Bye!
Think it'll work?
Have fun storming the castle.
Bye-bye, boys.
A good hour. Yeah.
Yeah, an hour.
An hour.
The chocolate coating makes it go down easier. But you have to wait fifteen minutes for full potency. And you shouldn't go swimming after, for at least, what?
Humperdinck. Humperdinck! Humperdinck!
Nobody's hearing nothing!
A life expiring and you don't have the decency to say why you won't help --
I'm not listening.
What, Humperdinck? Humperdinck. Humperdinck. Ooo-ooo, Humperdinck
Why'd you say that name -- you promised me that you would never say that name --
He's afraid. Ever since Prince Humperdinck fired him, his confidence is shattered.
Don't say another word, Valerie.
"True love." He said, "true love," Max. My God --
You never had it so good. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           95.
I'm not a witch, I'm your wife. But after what you just said, I'm not even sure I want to be that anymore.
-- get back, witch --
Maybe he won't.
He'll pinch my cheek. I hate that.
You are sick, that's why he's here.
Mom, can't you tell him that I'm sick?
Your grandfather's here.
What?
Guess what.
A little bit.
You feeling any better?
Let's hear him.  What have we got to lose?  What's your name?
What are you saying?
Wait!  This is Boomerang.  This is Boomerang.
Get on the phone.  Send out a casting call.  Call every agent in town.  I want to see everybody. Everybody.
Congratulations.
Wait a minute.  This is a very big decision.  It might effect the course of my entire life.  I'll have to think about it.  I'll do it.
That's genius.  That's genius. Roger, I think I speak for Mr. Bloom and myself when I say that you're the only man in the world who can do justice to SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER.
Yes.  Dopey show-girls in gooey gowns.  Two-three-kick-turn!  Turn- turn-kick-turn!  It's enough to make you throw up!  At last a chance to do straight drama!  To deal with conflict, with inner truth.  Roger De Bris presents history.  Of course, I think we should add a little music.  That whole third act has got to go. They're losing the war.  It's too depressing.  We'll have to put something in there.  Aaahghhh!  I see it!  A line of beautiful girls, dressed as Storm Troopers, black patent leather boots, all marching together... Two-three-kick-turn!  Turn-turn- kick-turn!
I think this would be a marvelous opportunity for you, Roger.  Up to now, you've always been associated with musicals, and...
Please, please, that's what we're here for.  Be careful, that hurt.
Roger, do you mind if we talk a little business?
How would you like to go back to teasing hair, big mouth?
"Keep a shining in...
"Honeymoon, honeymoon,
"Honeymoon,
"He's gonna croon love's tune,
"To my honey I'll croon,
"He wants to croon, he wants to croon,
"I want to croon,
"Of the silvery mooooon,
"Of the silvery moon,
"By the light, by the light,
He's a liar and a cheat and a scoundrel.  He's taken money from little old ladies.  He's talked people into doing things they never would have dreamed of.  Especially me.  But who has he really hurt? 
Don't help me.
Ahhhhhh.  Leo, Leo, Leo.
Well, I... Well, it's just that... I'm sorry I called you fat, fat, fat.
What is it?
Max, I...
What are you doing?  We're trapped. It's either the show or us.  There's no way out.  What can we do, blow up the theatre?
Liebkind, no!
They are?  Have you ever eaten with one?  Liebkind, go!  Kill!
Shut up.
What???
Here.  Buy bullets.  Kill.  Kill them all!
Double.  Double.  Double.
Ohhhhhhhhh, how I hate you.
I never should have listened to you.
I'm turning myself in.  It's the only way.  I'm going to cooperate with the authorities.  They'll reduce my sentence and then there's time off for good behavior.  And maybe I'll get a job in the prison library.  So long.
What are you doing with those books? Where are you going?
The majority.  The majority.  Yes. Let's hear from the majority.
Why don't we go over to the theatre and see what's really happening? After all, we've only heard from a small portion of the audience. Let's hear what the majority thinks.
No way out.  No way out.  What?  Who?
Bloom, Bloom, maybe it's not true.
No way out.  No way out.
Maybe it's not true!
To failure!
To failure!
Watch closely, as Bialystock drives the last nail into the coffin.
Here comes the Times Drama Critic.
So much for Nutsy Fagin.
It's gorgeous.  Absolutely gorgeous. You couldn't have picked a better color.  It brings out your eyes. Let's face it, Roger, that dress is you.
Well, it's... uh... it's nice and long... I mean, it's... uh... uh... where do you keep your wallet?
Only if we ask him.
Do you think he'll take the job?
Roger De Bris is the worst director that ever lived.
Roger De Bris.  Roger De Bris.  Oh yes, the director.  Is he good... I mean bad?
Stop talking like that, you white mouse!  Nothing's going to go wrong. As a matter of fact, today I have taken steps to insure total disaster. At two o'clock we have an appointment with none other than Roger De Bris.
But if something should... God forbid... go wrong, at least we could give them some of their money back.  It would look better in court.
Why?  Take it when you can get it! Flaunt it, baby, flaunt it!
Max, as I was saying, maybe we should go easy on the spending.  I mean these offices and everything.
I'll show you.  Ulla, go to work.
What is she gonna do here?
They'll say, "Oooh, wah, wah, wah, ooh, ooh."
How do you do.  Have you gone mad?  A receptionist that can't speak English.  What will people say?
I'm going to buy a toy.  I worked very, very hard and I think I deserve a toy.
What are you doing?
OI.  I'm depressed.  Leo, do me a favor.  Open the safe.  I want to see the money.
Then the Department of Justice owns 100% of Bialystock and Bloom.
Leo, what if this play is a hit?
Mrs. Alma Wentworth.  She owns 100% of the profits.
Mrs. Virginia Resnick.  She also owns 50% of the profits.
Mrs. Eleanor Biddlecombe.  She also owns 50% of the profits.
Okay, take it off, take it off.
Look, I'm just not wearing this arm band.  I don't care how big the deal is.
There it is... in red and white! "Springtime For Hitler," signed, sealed and delivered.  What's the matter with you?
Shut up, you idiot.  He's a harmless nut.  Play along with him.  It's almost in the bag.
Max, I don't want to take any Siegfried Oath.  I don't know what it is, but I don't want to take it. We might end up in the German Army.
Who wrote it?
Run a week?  Are you kidding?  This play has got to close in the first act.
It won't run a week!
A flop, ha!  That's putting it mildly.  A disaster!  A catastrophe! An outrage!  A guaranteed-to-close- in-one-night beauty!
You found a flop!
I'll tell you what's happening. We've struck gold.  Not fool's gold, but real gold.  The mother lode.  The mother lode.  The mother of them all.
Max, what is it?  What are you doing?  What's happening?
You can't feel it when it's in your hand, when it's in your pocket.
This is where we belong, Leo.  On top of the world.  Top of the world!
I'll do it!  By God, I'll do it!
You bet your boots, Leo.  It's Bialystock and Bloom -- on the rise. Upward and onward.  Say, you'll join me.  Nothing can stop us.
You're right.  You're absolutely right.  I'm a nothing.  I spend my life counting other people's money -- people I'm smarter than, better than.  Where's my share? Where's Leo Bloom's share?  I want, I want, I want, I want everything I've ever seen in the movies!
You think you're not in prison now? Living in a grey little room. Going to a grey little job.  Leading a grey little life.
Yes.  That's it.  Happy.  Well, whatta ya think of that.  Happy.
Maybe you're happy.
I don't know.  I think so.  I feel very strange.
Everybody's a big shot.  Well, Leo, are you having a good time?
Two pistachios, my good man.
I don't know.  Let's see.  We've had chocolate, vanilla, banana - let's go green.
What kind now, Leo?
Then stick with Bialystock!
Right.
Nonsense!  As far as Whitehall and Marks are concerned, you're working with Bialystock, right?
I ... I love it.  I haven't been there since I was a kid.  But it's nearly two o'clock.  I really should be getting back to Whitehall and Marks.
What's the matter, Leo?  Don't you like Coney Island?
Coney Island??
Let me see ... it's such a beautiful day.  Why waste it indoors.  I've got it!  Let's go to Coney Island! We'll lunch at the sea shore.
Well, Max, I don't know, Max.  What do you think, Max?
Where would you like to eat?
Oh.
I already have.  Come on.
Okay ... Max!  And you can call me Leo.
Thank you, Leo.  And call me Max. You know, I don't let everybody call me Max.  It's only people I really like.
I got it, Mr. Bialystock.
That's very kind of you, Mr. Bialystock, but I ...
They certainly do.  They certainly do.  Come, let me take you to lunch.
Much, thank you.  But I am a little lightheaded.  Maybe I should eat something.  Hysterics have a way of severely depleting one's blood sugar, you know.
Well, you know what they say, "Smile and the world smiles with you."  Heh, heh.  The man should be in a straight jacket.  Feeling better?
Good.  Good.  That's nice.  That's very nice.  I think I'm coming out of it now.  Yes.  Yes.  I'm definitely coming out of it.  Thank you for smiling.  It helped a great deal.
How's this? 
It's a little better, but you still look angry.
Okay.  I'm way over here.  Is that better?
Go away from me.  You frighten me.  Sit over there.
What can I do?  What can I do? You're getting me hysterical.
I'm hysterical.  I'm having hysterics.  I'm hysterical.  I can't stop.  When I get like this, I can't stop.  I'm hysterical.
What are you afraid of?  I'm not going to hurt you!  What's the matter with you?
Don't touch me!  Don't touch me!
Will you get a hold on yourself.
Aaaaaaaaaa!
I'm not going to jump on you!
Poppea.  She was his wife.  And she was unfaithful to him.  So he got mad and he jumped on her.  Up and down, up and down, until he squashed her like a bug.  Please don't jump on me.
What???
You're going to jump on me.  I know you're going to jump on me -- like Nero jumped on Poppea.
You're going to jump on me.
You miserable, cowardly, wretched little caterpillar.  Don't you ever want to become a butterfly?  Don't you want to spread your wings and flap your way to glory?
Oh, I fell on my keys.  I've got to get out of here.
Mr. Bialystock, not more than five minutes ago, against my better judgment, I doctored your books. That, sir, is the ultimate extent of my criminal life.
No, Bloom, you don't understand. This is fate, this is destiny. There's no avoiding it.
Mr. Bialystock.  No.  Wait.  Please. You're holding me too tight.  I'm an honest man.  You don't understand.
Bloom, worlds are turned on such thoughts!
Oh, no.  No.  No.  I meant no scheme.  I merely posed a little, academic accounting theory.  It's just a thought.
What scheme?  Your scheme, you bloody little genius.
What scheme?
Aha, aha, aha, aha, aha, aha!!  So, in order for the scheme to work, we'd have to find a sure fire flop.
Oh, you'd go to jail.  If the play were a hit, you'd have to pay off the backers, and with so many backers there could never be enough profits to go around, get it?
But what if the play was a hit?
See?  You could have raised a million dollars, put on a sixty thousand dollar flop and kept the rest.
One night.
Exactly.  And how long did it run?
But the play only cost $60,000 to produce.
Ahhhhhh!  But that's where you made your error.  You didn't go all the way.  You see, if you were really a bold criminal, you could have raised a million.
So what?  What did it get me?  I'm wearing a cardboard belt.
You raised two thousand more than you needed to produce your last play.
What did I do?
You've done it yourself, only you did it on a very small scale.
What do you mean?
Well, it's very easy.  You simply raise more money than you really need.
Assume away!
You keep saying that, but you don't tell me how.  How could a producer make more money with a flop than with a hit?
Yes, it's quite possible.
You were saying that under the right circumstances, a producer could make more money with a flop than he could with a hit.
What was I saying?
What you were saying.  Keep talking.
Yes, what?
Now let's see, if we add these figures, we get ...
Yes.  Right.  Good thinking.  You figure it out.  I'm tired.  I'm gonna take a little nap.  Wake me if there's a fire.
Now let's see, two thousand dollars. That isn't much.  I'm sure I can hide it somewhere.  After all, the department of internal revenue isn't interested in a show that flopped.
Nothing.  Nothing.  Do it.  Do it.
Oh, it's all right ... wha?
Thank you, Bloom.  I knew I could con you.
All right.  I'll do it.  I'll do it.
Help!
It's not cheating ... It's charity. Bloom, look at me ... look at me! I'm drowning.  Other men sail through life.  Bialystock has struck a reef.  Bloom, I'm going under.  I am being sunk by a society that demands success, when all I can offer is failure.  Bloom, I'm reaching out to you.  Don't send me to jail.  Help!  Help!
But that's cheating!
Why should they find out?  It's only two thousand dollars,  Bloom, do me a favor, move a few decimal points around.  You can do it. You're an accountant.  The word 'count' is part of your title.
It makes a great deal of difference. That's fraud.  If they found out, you could go to prison.
I went to a Turkish bath, who cares? The show was a flop.  What difference does it make?
According to the backer's list you raised $60,000.  But the show you produced only cost fifty-eight thousand.  There's two thousand dollars unaccounted for.
Where?  What?
This is hardly a time for levity. I've discovered a serious error here in the accounts of your last play.
Yes, Prince Mishkin, what can we do for you?
Mr. Bialystock ...
They come here.  They all come here. How do they find me?
I'm sorry ... I don't like people touching my blue blanket.  It's not important.  It's a minor compulsion. I can deal with it if I want to. It's just that I've had it ever since I was a baby and ... and ... I find it very comforting.
Here, don't panic.
It's nothing ... nothing.
What is that?  A handkerchief?
Twenty-eight seconds, hurry, hurry, you're using up your time.
In looking at your books, I've discovered that ...
You have forty-eight seconds left. Hurry.  Hurry.
Well, sir, it seems ...
Go!  You have fifty-eight seconds.
Sir, may I speak to you for a minute?
Good, what is it?
I have hurt your feelings.
I assume you are making those cartoon noises to attract my attention.  Am I correct in my assumption, you fish-faced enemy of the people?
Koff, koff ... ahem, ahem ... harrumph ...
Look at that.  A white Rolls Royce. That's it baby, when you got it, flaunt it.
Window's so filthy, can't tell if it's day or night out there.
Yes, sir.  Thank you.
Do the books!  Do the books!
You have exactly ten seconds to change that disgusting look of pity into one of enormous respect.  One ... Two ...
Shut up.  I'm having a rhetorical conversation.  How humiliating.  Max Bialystock. Max Bialystock.
But sir, I'm not condem ...
Then account for yourself!  Do you believe in God?  Do you believe in gold?  Why are you looking up old lady's dresses?  Bit of a pervert, eh?
Yes sir.
I'm Leo Bloom, I'm an accountant, I'm from Whitehall and Marks, I was sent here to do your books and I'm terribly sorry I caught you with the old lady. 
All right.  Get a hold of yourself. Take a deep breath, let it out slowly and tell me who you are.
Scared.  Can't talk.
Who are you?  What do you want? Why are you loitering in my hallway? Speak, dummy, speak!  Why don't you speak?
Uh ... uh ... ooooooops?
Ooooooops.
Oooooooops!
I'll wait in the hall ...
You mean ooops, don't you?  Say ooops and get out.
How do you do.  I mean ... Excuse me ... I mean ...
Enough.  It's better.  Please, Lambchop, it's better.  Stop. You're hurting it again.
Of course I need you.  It's dark in there.
Do you need us?
I can't.  I can't do it.  It's a demon.  It's a gargoyle, it's a monster... but it's still my child.
Do it!  Do it!
All right.  Finish the job.  Let's get outta here.
Vhy do you always call me kraut? Kraut is cabbage!  Do ve call you hot dogs?  Ve call you Yanks not franks!
Yes.  Amazing isn't it?
You mean you had the slow fuse in your pocket all the time and you forgot to put it on?
Here.  You see.  This is the slow fuse.  It is much wider.  It has more resistance, more density. Therefore, it burns slower.
Qviet.  Qviet  This is very important.
Come on.  Let's get going.
Plus to minus.  Negative to positive. Male to...
You mean out of business.  Heh, heh.
Now ve take the two fuse leads, attach them to the terminals of the conductor and ve're in business.
It's that LSD und his verdampter babies!...
Never mind.  Listen.  Every night people are laughing at your beloved Fuhrer.  Why?
Always.
You crazy lunatic!  What are you shooting at us for?  Why don't you use this  where it will do us some good?  Why don't you shoot the actors?  Liebkind, have I ever steered you wrong?
Vhere?  Vhere?... oh...
I'm not crazy.  I'm inept.
Five o'clock.  Killed a whole day playing hide-and-seek with a crazy Kraut.
Cowards, miserable cringing cowards. Clinging to life like baby butterflies.  Vatch, vatch and remember.  Franz Liebkind vill show you how to die like a man!
Not.
All right, but remember, if you damage the Fuhrer's reputation, I kill you.
Franz, trust me.  I promise I won't let you down.
I don't know.  I don't know.
Don't look at the outside, look at the inside.  It's the inner Hitler we're after.  The young beautiful Hitler, who danced his way to glory.
But he has long hair!
Franz, don't you see, Hitler was a man of his time.  This is a man of his time.
Vaaaat???
It was the same thing in Germany. We looked for years before we found the right Hitler.
You think out of all those Hitlers you could find just one...
Good.  I will make the preparations.
Yes.  We would!
Not good enough... Vould you be villing to take the Siegfried oath?
We swear it!
Wait.  No.  How do I know I can trust you?  How do I know you vill present this play in the manner and spirit in vhich it vas conceived?
That's exactly why we want to do this play.  To show the world the true Hitler, the Hitler you knew, the Hitler you loved, the Hitler with a song in his heart. 
That's because you were taken in by that verdampter Allied propaganda. Such filthy lies.  But nobody said a bad vord about Winston Churchill, did they?  Oh no, Vin Vit Vinnie!  Churchill, vit his cigars and his brandy and his rotten paintings. Couldn't even say Nazi.  He would say Narzis, Narzis.  Ve vere not Narzies, ve vere Nazis.  But let me tell this, and you're getting it straight from the horse, Hitler vas better looking than Churchill, he vas a better dresser than Churchill, had more hair, told funnier jokes, and could dance the pants off Churchill!
Really, I never dreamed ...
Oh, sure.  I used to take him his hot milk and his opium.  Achhh, those were the days.  Vat good times ve had.  Dinner parties vit lovely ladies and gentlemen, singing und dancing.  You know, not many people knew about it, but the Fuhrer vas a terrific dancer.
No kidding?
Vit the Fuhrer, of course.  He liked me.  Out of all the household staff at Berchtesgarten, I vas his favorite.  I vas the only one allowed into his chambers at bedtime.
With whom?
I vas vit him a great deal, you know.
You're not, as you Americans say, dragging my leg, are you?
We loved it.  We thought it was a masterpiece.  That's why we're here. We want to produce it on Broadway.
Vat about it?
Yes.
My play?  You mean, "Springtime For ... " you know who?
Mr. Liebkind, relax, relax, we're not from the government.  We came here to talk to you about your play.
"I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy ...
Mr. Liebkind, wait ...
Vhy do you persecute me?  My papers are in order.  I love my country.  "Oh, beautiful for spacious skies, For amber vaves of grain."
Mr. Liebkind, wait.  You don't understand.
I vas never a member of the Nazi party.  I am not responsible.  I only followed orders.  Who are you?
No!  No!  We don't make love.  Go to work.
We make love?
Very nice girl.
Get car.  Get car.
No.  No Motel.  Get car.  Get car.
You, Blum go Motel.
No.  We go. 
Good.  Good.  We go Motel.
Call chauffeur.  Get car.
Come on.  We'd better hurry.  We're late.
Nice girl.
Min Bialystock.
Hey, Blum, have a cigar.
Bialystock and Blum.  Bialystock and Blum.  Bialystock and Blum. Got dag pa dig.  Bialystock and Blum.
Got dag pa dig.
Ulla, I'd like you to meet my partner and associate, Mr. Leo Bloom.
Stop looking at me like that. She's not an indulgence.  She happens to be our new receptionist. She goes with our new surroundings.
Yes.  She's an adult, educational toy made in Sweden for children over fifty.
Oh, I'd better hurry back.  I don't want to miss one minute of it.
Smasheroo.  Smasheroo.
Ta.  Ta.
Ta.  Ta.
Til Thursday, my Darling, I shall count the minutes.
Oh, it's fine.  Fine.  Good.  Good. Bye.  Bye.
Is it all right?  I made it out to cash.  You didn't tell me the name of the play.
I don't know what's happening to me. I must be getting old.
Of course, the check, I had it with me all the time.
Goodbye, my angel ... My angel!  Hey, touch me ... wait!  Hey, uh ... Lucretia, Lucretia!
I shall count the minutes.
Like clockwork.
And after that we'll play the Abduction and cruel rape of Lucretia ... And I'll play Lucretia.
Good.  Yes.  Thursday.
And we'll finish playing the Contessa and Rudolfo.
Thursday.  I'll see you Thursday.
Oooh.  I love it.  Hold me, touch me.
Until Thursday, then, you bawdy wench.
Good.  That's enough.  We'll do the rest on Thursday.  That's a good girl.  It's always such fun to see you.
Rudolfo, you dirty pig!  Pull over.
I can't take my eyes off you.  How can I drive when you drive me mad. Mad.
So, the Count hired you this morning, Rudolfo ... Watch the road ... Watch the road.
All right.  All right.
Oh, Bialy, please, just a little. Just a little.
Until Thursday, then, Contessa Mio.
Oh, the best one.
Thursday.  Thursday.  We'll play Thursday.  We'll play the Contessa and the chauffeur.
We can't play today?
Wait.  Wait.  We can't play today. I have too many appointments.
Good.  Let's fool around.  Now, I'll be the innocent little milk maid and you'll be the naughty stable boy.  Oh, this milk is so heavy.  I'll never reach the house.  Help.  Will someone help me?
Feeling better?
Here I come, ready or not.
Finder's keepers.
You can count on me-o, you dirty young man.
Don't forget the checkee.  Can't produce playees without checkees.
Good.  Good.  Now ve sign the contract.
Heil you know who!
Heil you know who!
And last, but not least, Adolph... you know who.
And last, but not least, Adolph... you know who.
The Blue Max...
The Blue Max...
The Graf Spee...
The Graf Spee...
Hindenburg...
Hindenburg...
Bismark...
Bismark...
Nietzche...
Nietzche...
Wagner...
Wagner...
Of Siegfried...
Of Siegfried...
By the sacred memory...
By the sacred memory...
I solemnly swear...
Oh, ve come vit you.  All for one and all in the light.
I need it.  How'm I gonna find the fuse?
Where are you going vit the light?
Okay.
Stop!  Stop!  This is insanity.
Yes.  The actors.  I must destroy the actors.
OH.  "I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy, Yankee Doodle is my ... " Listen, this is not place to talk.  Come! 
People can hear you.
Vat?
Mr. Liebkind, Mr. Liebkind.
"Deutchland, Deutchland ... "
"Deutchland, Deutchland, uber alles, Uber alles in der velt."
Oh joy of joys!  Oh, dream of dreams!  I can't believe it.  Birds, birds, do you hear?  Otto, Bertz, Heintz, Hans, Wolfgang, do you hear?  Ve are going to clear the Fuhrer's name.  Fly, fly, spread the words.
No, not at all sir, we're quite serious.  We want to produce your play.  I have the contracts right here.
Sing a song!  Just sing a song!
Hey, baby, that's where they put me, Sing-Sing.  How'd you know that, you been up?
Oh, sing.  Sing!
Hey, man, I can't do that here, that's what they put me away for.
What do you do best?
Oh, in show business.  Well, let's put it this way, my next job will be my debut.
I mean in show business.
Six months, I'm out on probation, but it's cool now, baby.
What have you done, LSD?
Lorenzo Saint DuBois.  But everybody calls me LSD.
Send for Goebbels.
Where's Goebbels?  Where's my little Joe?
We can't... we keep our money there!
Hey, man, let's stomp Switzerland!
Who can we attack?  They're all too big.
No good, baby, no good.  You heard my orders.  Nobody retreats. Attack!  Attack!
We are falling back on all fronts. Our soldiers are retreating.
Groovy!
We won.
Hey, baby, that's good!  How'd we come out?
I told them we invaded England.
What did you tell the people?
Heil, baby!  I just finished the morning propaganda broadcasts.
He's the only cat left that still grooves me.
All right!  Might save me a lot of leg-work if I could just talk to your mother.  But I'd need a warrant for that, won't I?
No! Just no!  I have one of those breaking points like any other man, believe it or not, and I'm near it. There's just so much pushing I can take and I think...
Sick old women are sharp. Come on, I won't disturb...
Just for a moment. She might have picked up a hint you'd miss.
No. I told you, she's confined...
Your mother met her?  Can I talk to your mother?
That's all right. maybe she could have fooled me.  But...  She didn't fool my mother.
I didn't mean that as a slur on your manhood. I'm sorry.
I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable of being fooled! Not even by women!
Or if she had you say... gallantly protecting her... you wouldn't be fooled... you'd know she was just using you. Wouldn't you?
Now, look...!
If she paid you well?
Of course not.
If this girl Mary Crane were here, you'd have no reason to hide her would you?
She's... ill. Confined to her room. It's practically living alone.
My mother.
Someone is sitting in that window.
I live there. Alone.
Anyone at home?
I guess I've got one of those faces you can't help believing.
Look, if you won't believe me, go ahead. You can help me make beds if you like.  Come on.
Suppose I wanted to search the cabins, all twelve... would I need a warrant?
Not at all!
She isn't still here, is she?
I don't know what you expect me to know about... people come and go...
I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic!  This ain't jelling.
Why should she? I'm sorry, I have work to do, Mr... if you don't mind...
And when she left, she never came back.
Cash.
Cash or check? For the cabin...
What?
How did she pay you?
Oh. My private parlor. She had an awful hunger... so I made her some supper. And then she went to bed and left in the morning. I didn't even see her leave.
You said she was sitting "back there," or standing rather...
What do you mean?
Back where?
She was tired. She said she had a long drive ahead of her, in the morning... Yes, now I'm remembering very clearly because I'm picturing. When you make a picture of the moment in your mind, you can remember every detail. She was sitting back there, no she was standing up, with some sandwich still in her hand, and she said she had to drive a long way.
How do you know she didn't make a call?
No! Of all...
You didn't spend the whole night with her did you?
No.
She didn't call anyone? Even locally?
No.
Or arrived with her.
No.
No one met her?
The following morning. Sunday.
Of which morning?
Very early. Dawn.
How early?
She arrived kind of late, wet and hungry and she was very tired and went right to bed and left early.
Tell me all about her.
It was raining and her hair didn't look like that... damped out, I guess.
I didn't lie to you. I just have trouble keeping track of... time.
Don't know where she got "Marie," but "Samuels" figures. Her boy friend's name is Sam.  Was she in disguise? Or do you want to check the picture again?
You thought no one has stopped here in weeks. Now, try to remember if this girl...
What?
Now there's a couple even remarking about your sign, and see how easily you forgot them?
I don't even bother with guests registering any more... I mean, little by little, you drop the formalities.  I shouldn't even bother to change the linen. I guess habits die hard. Which reminds me...
She might have used an alias. Mary Crane's the real name, but she might've registered...
No. At least I don't recall.
Look at the picture. Please.
Committing myself to what? You sure talk like a Policeman.
Mind looking at the picture before committing yourself?
No. No one has stopped here in weeks...
We have reason to believe she came this way... might have stopped in this area...  Did she stop here?
Oh.
I'm not the police.
I didn't think the police went searching for people who weren't in trouble.
I'm looking for a missing person.  My name's Arbogast, private investigator...  Trying to trace a young girl who's been missing almost a week. From Phoenix.  It's a private matter... family wants to forgive her...  She isn't in trouble.
Oh. I thought... you said you'd been to so many in two days...  What was it you wanted to ask?
No.
You out to buy a motel?
No trouble. Today's linen day. I change all the beds once a week, whether they've been used or not... dampness. I hate the smell of dampness.  It's such a dank smell.
Sit down. I don't want to trouble you, just want to ask...
I don't really forget the sign, it just doesn't seem... any use.  This used to be the main highway.  Want to register, please?
In the past two days I've been to so many motels, my eyes are bleary with neon. This is the first one that looked like it was hiding from the world at large.
I always forget to put the sign on, but we do have vacancy.  Twelve in fact. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies.
I don't believe it.  Do you?
She was seen leaving town in her car. Seen by her very victims, I might add.
Did you check in Phoenix... hospitals... maybe she had an accident... a hold-up...
What are you talking about?  What is this?
Must've needed it.
Why?
Your girl friend stole forty thousand dollars.
Somebody better tell me what's going on and tell me fast! I can take so much and then...
Money.
What's your interest?
Milt Arbogast, Private Investigator.  Where is she, Miss Crane?
Who are you, friend?
Let's all talk about Mary.
I don't care if you do or... I want to see Mary... before she gets in any deeper...
With a little checking, I could get to believe you.
Not even a hunch. Just hope.
You came up here on a hunch, Miss Crane? Nothing more? No phone call... from him, or from your sister herself?
Sam, if she's here...
Casharoonie!
Sam, they don't want to prosecute, they just want the money back. It was all in cash...
Someone has seen her. Someone always sees a girl with forty thousand dollars.  She is your girl friend, isn't she?
Wouldn't have been able to tail you if you did.
I don't know.
Okay. If you'll come along...
I'd like to be ready when he gets back.
No, M'am. I was only about to say, I've sent my mechanic out to give your car a little test... that's all.
But what?  Is there anything so terribly wrong about... making a decision and wanting to hurry? Do you think I've stolen... my car?
I'll be perfectly honest with you, Ma'am. It's not that I don't trust you, but...
I'd really rather not. Please.  Can't we just settle this and...
I think you'd better give it a trial spin. Don't want any bad word of mouth about California Charlie.
In the building ...  Mary starts for the building, glancing once in the direction of the Patrolman.
I think I have the necessary papers. Is there a Ladies Room...
I take it... you can prove that car's yours... I mean, out of state and all... got your pink slip and your...
All right.
Aha! Always got time to argue money, huh...?
Five hundred.
Well... heck, this is the first time I ever saw the customer high-pressure the salesman!  I'd figure roughly...  ...your car plus five hundred.
Of course not. Please.
You mean you don't want the usual day and a half to think it over?  You are in a hurry! Somebody chasin' you?
It looks fine. How much will it be, with my car...?
Go ahead! Spin it around the block. Now I know you don't know anything about engine condition, but you can feel, can't you... and it's all in the feel, believe me, you feel that one around the block...
How much?
That's the one I'd've picked for you myself!
No. Thank you. I'm in... a hurry. I just want to make a change and start...
Sick of the sight of it!  Well, suppose you look around for something that strikes your eyes and meanwhile I'll have my mechanic give yours the once over and... want some coffee? I was just about...
Yes, it's... nothing wrong with it, I'm just...
You can do anything you've a mind to... and bein' a woman, you will!  That yours?
Can I trade in my car and take another?
There's an old saying, "First customer of the day is always the most trouble!" But like I said, I'm in no mood for it so I'm just going to treat you so fair and square you won't have one human reason to give me...
What?
I'm in no mood for trouble!
I don't need pills... just sleep.
Aren't you going to take the pills?  They'll knock that headache out.
Teddy called.  Me... And my mother called to see if Teddy called. Oh, and your sister called to say she's going to Tucson to do some buying and she'll be gone the whole weekend and...
Were there any calls?
You got aspirins? I have something... not aspirins, but  my mother's doctor gave these to me the day of my wedding.  Teddy was furious when he found out I'd taken tranquilizers!
It'll pass. Headaches are like resolutions... you forget them soon as they stop hurting.
He's lunching with the man who's buying the Harris Street property, you know, that oil lease man...  so that's why he's late.  You getting a headache?
Isn't Mr. Lowery back from lunch?
Her sister's going to do that.  She's as worried as we are.
You better run out to the house. She may be... unable to answer the phone...
I called her sister, Mr. Lowery, where she works, the Music Makers Music Store, you know? And she doesn't know where Mary is any more than we do.
Call her sister! If no one's answering at the house....
Buzz me the minute she comes in.
No, Mr. Lowery... but then she's always a bit late on Monday mornings.
Caroline...? Mary still isn't in?
Yes, Mr. Lowery.
I don't know.
Can see you do. Sorry I couldn't make you feel better. You want to come to my office this afternoon and report a missing person... And the theft, is what you want to do!  Sooner you drop this thing in the lap of the law, that's the sooner you'll stand a chance of your sister bein' picked up. How about that?
I still feel...
Just what he told your detective.
Did he say anything about my sister?
Norman Bates' mother has been dead and buried in Greenlawn Cemetery for the last ten years!
Yes.
Your Detective told you a nakedfaced lie.
What difference does that...
You should've called in the police the second you found your sister has skipped. You go starting private investigations, using people you don't even know...
Sorry I got you up, boy. Go back to sleep. Yeah, be glad to.  Said to give you his regards.
Please!
He said he was dissatisfied... and was going back.
I think something's wrong, too, Miss. But not the same thing. I think your private detective is what's wrong.  I think he got himself a hot lead as to where your sister was going... probably from Norman Bates...  and called you to keep you still while he took off after her and the money.
Go out there! Find somebody, ask some questions!  I'm sorry if I seem over-anxious to you. I keep thinking... something's wrong. I have to know what!
Like what?
He didn't mention the money.  What he said on the phone isn't important, is it?  He was supposed to come back after he spoke to the mother, and he didn't! That's what I want you to do something about!
With the forty thousand dollars?
Mary had been there, one night, and had left.
And the police haven't been able to...
Forty thousand dollars.
A lot?
She stole some money.
She ain't missing so much as she's run away.
Yes.
How'd you and this detective come to trace her to Fairvale?
She left Phoenix a week ago yesterday. And no trace until...
Now. Your sister is missing how long?
Will you help us? I think something's wrong out there!
I could stand something regular.
It's regular. Okay?
Bates.
Why not?
You can't go up there.
Sam, that old woman, whoever she is. I think she told Arbogast something! And I want her to tell us the same thing!
Do we simply ask him where he's hidden it?
Yes.  But maybe this proves that Bates found out about the money.
Bates never denied Mary was here.
That's proof Mary was here!  It would be too wild a coincidence for somebody else to...
It didn't get washed down. It's figuring... the kind you tear up and get rid of.  Some figure has been added to or subtracted from... forty thousand.
What is it?
The bathroom. Look at how clean it is. The one in our cabin is clean... but this is clean!
What?
Hospital clean.
Sorry.
Arbogast! Sam, he liked me... or felt sorry for me... and he was starting to feel the same about you. I heard it when he called... in his voice, a caring. He wouldn't have gone anywhere or done anything without telling us.  Unless he was stopped. And he was stopped, so he must have found out something!
What makes you sound so certain?
There must be some proof that exists right now! Something that proves he got that money away from Mary... Some way!
How could we prove...  Well, if he opens a new motel on the new highway... say, a year from now...
Sam, if you owned a useless business like this motel... one you probably couldn't even sell...  what would you need to get away, to start a new business, somewhere else?  Forty thousand dollars?
I know.  Do you think if something happened, it happened there?
We have to go into that cabin and search it, Sam... no matter what we're afraid of finding and no matter how much it may hurt.
I'm glad we didn't.
We should have asked for Cabin One... The one Mary was in.
Someone was at that window. I saw the curtain move.
I wonder where Norman Bates does his hermiting?
I believe it.
You won't believe it...  But this will be the first time I've ever pulled one of those man- and-wife-renting-cabin capers!
We're going to register. As man and wife. And get shown to a cabin... and then search every inch of that place, inside and... outside.
I'm going with you. But we'd better decide what we're going to say and do when we walk in...
You going to wait here for me?
She always tries to be proper.
Huh?
Watch your tenses.
I suppose... when you were able to marry her she'd have presented you, all shiny and proper... she always tried to be proper.
This is the old highway.
Do you know how I found out about you? I found one of your letters... it was a nice letter, Sam.
We were going to get married. Are going to get married!
I wonder so many things about her now.  Why she never told me about you...  Funny, when you think there's an answer to everything, you think you know all the answers.
She was willing to lick the stamps.
I didn't. I got a job, too.  I wonder if that hurt her, my not letting her sacrifice for me?  Some people are so willing to suffer for you that they suffer more if you don't let them.
Where'd you go to college?
Alive.
Of course we will.
I wonder if we'll ever see Mary again.
Neither will I.
I won't feel satisfied unless I got out there, Sam.
You're not.
Maybe I am the seeing-illusions type.
All right! Then call! At least, call!
I've only been here five. Right now it feels like ten, but...
This is Lila Crane, from Phoenix. She's been here for a few days, looking for her sister. There's a private detective helping... and, well, we got a call tonight, from this detective, saying he'd traced Mary...
Yes.
I don't know where to start...  Except at the beginning.
No, thank you. It's my problem, too.
No. I'm just procrastinating.  People hate when the doorbell rings in the middle of the night.  Come on.
Does that mean we can't...
Nothing.  Just... all the lights out... must be asleep.
Well?
Our Deputy sleeps.
He's the Deputy Sheriff around here.
Who's he?
Let's go see Al Chambers.
Yes. I think he would have.
Sam, he called me when he had nothing definite, nothing but a dissatisfied feeling. Don't you think he'd have called if he had anything...
In a hurry.
Without calling me?
Maybe he got some definite lead. Maybe he went right on...
Where could he have gone?
No Arbogast. No Bates. And only the old lady at home...  A sick old lady unable to answer the door... or unwilling.
Sam.
He didn't come back here?
Contemplate your... panic button.
Just wait here?
I don't know...  One of us has to be here in case Arbogast's on the way.
Why can't I go out there with you?
Stay here.
You'll never find it.
Sam, I'm going.
Probably on his way back right now.
And maybe pass Arbogast on the road?  Thanks.
Sam! Why call when we can go?
Got the number of the motel out on the old highway? Bates, I think. 
An hour! Or less!
Arbogast said...
Patience doesn't run in our family. Sam, I'm going out there!
That wouldn't be a wise thing to do.
Yes.
You want to run out there, bust in on Arbogast and the sick old lady, shake her up and maybe spoil everything Arbogast's been building for the last three hours.
Where's the old highway?
I feel better when you feel better.
Whenever I start contemplating the panic button, your back straightens up and your eyes get that God-looks- out-for-everybody look and... I feel better.
Hundreds! Which one is your pet?
You have an awfully nice habit, Sam.
He'll be back. Let's sit still and hang on, okay?
Are we just going to go on sitting here?
It's been three.
Sam. He said an hour. Or less.
Sometimes Saturday night has a lonely sound. Ever notice, Lila?
First rate hotel, fifty yards up the street. Come on.  After we check you in we'll go to the drugstore and get you a sandwich. Then we'll come back here... and wait.
Where... can I stay?
She'll need both of us.
You want me to stay here?
I think she'll contact me if she contacts anybody. Why don't you stay here. When she shows up... or calls... be here.
I came flying up here expecting to get some explanation... for all I know, she may be trying to get in touch with me, at home. I'd better go home.
Maybe we can handle it together. 
No. I just think... anything can be explained. But Mary, doing a thing like this... I don't know how to handle...
You've led a charmed life.
I need to... I need to believe something. This is the first time I've ever come up against anything I couldn't... understand.
I didn't see her... and I didn't hear from her! Believe that!
She haven't even called you?
How could I go away? I'm in debt up to my...  If she did steal that money...  It's hard to believe she did because it's hard to see why she would. Unless she had some wild idea that it would help me... us...
Why not? Sam, is she hiding here? Are you two planning to go away with the money?
No.
I ought to call the police right now!
He must have had a darn good reason for wanting them kept out of it... All that cash...
No. The man whose money she... he talked so loud and fast, and I... I should've called the police.
It was her boss' idea not to report it to the police?
I just listened... and believed everything they told me. 'She stole the money.' 'We don't want to get her in trouble.' 'No don't bring the police in'...
You might have doubted for say five minutes or so, Sister.
Yes... I just... did. The moment they told me...
Never mind my ego. Let's talk about Mary.
Not that kind...  You men and your egos.
Well why didn't she come to me... call me...?
Yes.
Is Mary... in trouble?
I hate tears. 
What thing could we be in together?
Huh?
What thing?
Look, if you two are in this thing together, I don't care, it's none of my business... But I want to see Mary. I want her to tell me she's all right and it's none of my business. Then I'll go back to Phoenix and...
Nothing! You're putting me on the defensive.
What do you know about it?
I was getting to that!
Mr. Loomis, you're so busy being defensive that you haven't even reacted to the most serious fact of all. Mary is missing.
Well what do you think, we eloped or something? Or we're living in sin and...
A good reason, I suppose.
And you thought she'd come up here, to me? If she had, what reason would she have for not calling you?
Last Friday. She left work, and home... I was in Tucson over the weekend... I haven't heard from her, not even a phone call.
No. I take it you don't either?  How long?
To begin with, where Mary is. Do you?
What should I know?
Don't you know?
What's the matter?
I don't know where. In your store, somewhere in your town... anywhere.
Where?
With you.
Here?
I want to know if my sister is here.
Is something wrong?
Is Mary here?
Lila.
I'm Mary's sister.
Sure...
May I talk to you?
Yes?
I'm late... and you have to put your shoes on.
Hey, we can leave together can't we?
Don't miss your plane.
How can you even think a thing like that!
I'm thinking of it.
You know what I'd like? A clear, empty sky... and a plane, and us in it... and somewhere a private island for sale, where we can run around without our... shoes on.  And the wherewithal to buy what I'd like.  Mary, you want to cut this off, go out and find yourself someone available.
I'll lick the stamps.
And live with me in a storeroom behind a hardware store in Fairvale. We'll have a lot of laughs. When I send my ex-wife her money, you can lick the stamps.
Sam, let's go get married.
Yeah, but when you do... you'll swing.
I haven't even been married once yet!
A couple of years and the debts will be paid off. And if she ever re- marries, the alimony stops... and then...
I pay, too. They also pay who meet in hotel rooms.
I'm fed up with sweating for people who aren't there. I sweat to pay off my father's debts... and he's in his grave... I sweat to pay my ex-wife alimony, and she's living on the other side of the world somewhere.
I'm all for it! It requires patience and temperance and a lot of sweating- out... otherwise, though, it's only hard work.  But if I can see you, touch you even as simply as this... I won't mind.
You make respectability sound... disrespectful.
Mary, whenever it's possible, tax- deductible or not, I want to see deductible you. And under any conditions.  Even respectability.
All right.
Sam! No!
And after the steak... do we send Sister to the movies and turn Mama's picture to the wall?
We can see each other, we can even have dinner... but respectably, in my house with my mother's picture on the mantel and my sister helping me broil a big steak for three!
Not even just to see you, to have lunch... in public?
No.
I can come down next week.
I have to go, Sam.
I wish I were. Not an active criminal but... a nice guy with the conscience of a criminal.  Next best thing to no conscience at all.
You couldn't be a criminal if you committed a major crime.
And besides, when you say I make tax- deductible excuses you make me out a criminal.
Sure. It's like laughing through a broken jaw, but...
Can you?
You can't laugh at it, huh?
It is tragic! Or it will be... if we go on meeting in shabby hotels whenever you can find a tax-deductible excuse for flying down deductible here...
And I'm a working man! We're a regular working-class tragedy! 
I haven't time to argue. I'm a working girl.
Okay. What do we do instead, write each other lurid love letters?
This! Meeting you in secret so we can be... secretive! You come down here on business trips and we steal lunch hours and... I wish you wouldn't even come.
For what?
Sam. This is the last time.
The only girlish thing you have lost.
I've lost my girlish laughter.
I'm sorry, Mary.  My old Dad used to say 'when you can't change a situation, laugh at it.' Nothing ridicules a thing like laughing at it.
Sam!
You sure talk like a girl who's been married.
When you're married you can do a lot of things deliberately.
I've heard of married couples who deliberately spend occasional nights in cheap hotels. They say it...
Checking out time is three P.M. Hotels of this sort aren't interested in you when you come in, but when your time's up...  Sam, I hate having to be with you in a place like this.
We could laze around here a while longer.
What do I do with my free afternoon, walk you to the airport?
Call your boss and tell him you're taking the rest of the afternoon off. It's Friday anyway... and hot.
Good night.
That's it. 
Crane.
Alright, Miss... 
Very early. Dawn.
Alright. I'll see you in the morning. I'll bring you breakfast.  What time will you...
I'd like to, but...
Why don't you stay a little while, just for talking.
I stepped into a private trap back there -- and I want to go back and... try to pull myself out.  Before it's too late for me, too.
Phoenix?
I'm very tired. And I'll have a long drive tomorrow. All the way back to Phoenix.
You're not going to... to your room already?
Norman.
Thank you, Norman.
Yes, and just one time can be enough.  Thank you.
I've suggested it myself. But I hate to even think such a thing.  She needs me... and it isn't...  ...it isn't as if she were a maniac, a raving thing... it's just that... sometimes she goes a little mad. We all go a little mad sometimes. Haven't you?
Well? You meant well?  People always mean well, they cluck their thick tongues and shake their heads and suggest so very delicately that...
I am sorry. I only felt... it seemed she was harming you. I meant...
What do you mean about caring?  Have you ever seen one of those places? Inside? Laughing and tears and cruel eyes studying you... and my mother there?  Why? has she harmed you? She's as harmless as... one of these stuffed birds.
I'm sorry... I didn't mean it to sound uncaring...
An Institution? A madhouse?  People always call a madhouse "someplace."  Put her in Someplace!
Wouldn't it be better if you put her in... someplace...
It's too late for me. And besides... who'd look after her? She'd be alone up there, the fire would go out... damp and cold, like a grave. When you love someone, you don't do that to them, even if you hate them. Oh, I don't hate her.  I hate... what she's become. I hate... the illness.
No, not like me.
To a private island, like you?
Why don't you go away?
A son is a poor substitute for a lover. 
Except you.
I mean... ill.  She had to raise me all by herself after my dad died... I was only five... and it must have been a strain. Oh, she didn't have to go out to work or anything, Dad left us with a little something... anyway, a few years ago... Mother met a man. He talked her into building this motel... We could have talked her into anything... and when.  Well... It was just too much for her when he died, too... And the way he died... Oh, it's nothing to talk about when you're eating.  Anyway, it was too much of a loss for my mother... she had nothing left.
She sounded strong...
Sometimes when she talks that way to me I'd like to... curse her out and leave her forever!  Or at least, defy her.  But I couldn't. She's ill.
If anyone ever spoke to me, the way I heard... The way she spoke to you, I don't think I could ever laugh again.
Oh I do... but I say I don't. 
You should... mind it.
I was born in mine. I don't mind it anymore.
Sometimes we deliberately step into those traps.
No. People never run away from anything.  The rain didn't last very long.  You know what I think? I think we're all in our private traps, clamped in them, and none of us can ever climb out. We scratch and claw... but only at the air, only at each other, and for all of it, we never budge an inch.
Why do you ask that?
What are you running away from?
I'm looking for a private island.
Where are you going? I don't mean to pry...
Only my share.
Friends? Who needs friends.  A boy's best friend is his mother.  You've never had an empty moment in your whole life. Have you?
You go out... with friends?
Oh, no!  I run the office, tend the cabins and grounds, do little chores for mother... the ones she allows I might be capable of doing.
Is your time so empty?
It's more than a hobby... sometimes... a hobby is supposed to pass the time, not fill it.
A man should have a hobby.
It's not as expensive as you'd think. Cheap, really. Needles, thread, sawdust .. the chemicals are all that cost anything. 
I imagine so.
Uncommon, too.
It's a strange hobby. Curious, I mean.
Not really. I hear that expression, that one eats "like a bird," is really a falsie, I mean a falsity, because birds eat a tremendous lot.  Oh, I don't know anything about birds. My hobby is stuffing things... taxidermy. And I guess I'd just rather stuff birds because...  well, I hate the look of beasts when they're stuffed, foxes and chimps and all... some people even stuff dogs and cats... but I can't... I think only birds look well stuffed because they're rather...  passive, to begin with... most of them...
You'd know, of course.
You eat like a bird.
It's all for you. I'm not hungry. Please go ahead.
You're very... kind.
Don't worry about it.  But as long as you've made us supper, we may as well eat it. Huh?
I'm sorry. I wish... people could apologize for other people.
You shouldn't have bothered. I really don't have that much of an appetite.
Mother...  ...what is the phrase... "she isn't herself today"... I think that's it.
I've caused you some trouble.
All right, you get your dresses hanging out and... change those wet shoes, and I'll come for you soon as it's ready...  ...with my trusty umbrella. 
I'd like to.
Then will you do me a favor?  Will you have supper here?  I was just about to, myself... nothing more than some sandwiches and a lot of milk, but I'd like it if you'd come up to the house and... I don't set a fancy table but... the kitchen's awful homey.
No.
You're not going to go out again and drive up to that diner, are you?
Thank you. Again.
There's no name for it... But it's something that, that puts a person at ease.
I have?
You have something most girls never have.
Norman Bates.
Thank you, Mr. Bates.
I'll be in the office if you want anything... just tap on the wall.
The bathroom.
Stuffy in here.  Well... the mattress is soft and there're hangers in the closet and... stationary with "Bates' Motel" printed on it in case you want to make your friends back home envious... and... the... over there.... 
Fifteen miles. I'll get your bags.
Am I that close to Fairvale?
There's a big diner about ten miles on up... just outside Fairvale.
I want sleep more than anything. Except maybe, food.
Los Angeles.
Your home address. Oh, just the town will do.
I knew you must have. No one stops here anymore unless they do.
I thought I'd gotten off the main...
We have twelve vacancies. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies.  They moved away the highway.
You have a vacancy?
Dirty night.
Please.
Why?
May I see your license?
Now what?
Wait a minute!
No need to apologize...
I'm sorry.
In the course of my duty, I never "take up" anyone's time, whether it's to give a warning, or a ticket, or help! Believe that, M'am.  Now if you woke up on the wrong side of... the car seat, that's one thing. But when you act as if I've just placed you under arrest...
Now wait just a moment! Turn your motor off, please.
Is there what?  I've told you there's nothing wrong... except that I'm in a hurry and you're taking up my time...
Is there?
Please... I'd like to go...
Frankly, yes.
Of course not! Am I acting as if... something's wrong?
Is anything wrong?
Then I'm free to go...?
No, m'am.
I didn't intend to sleep all night! I just pulled over... have I broken any laws?
There are plenty of motels in this area. You should have... I mean, just to be safe...
Yes. As I said, I couldn't keep my eyes...
You slept here all night?
Yes.  I didn't mean to sleep so long. I was afraid I'd have an accident last night, from sleepiness... so I decided to pull over...
In quite a hurry.
He's already been.
We thought, if you didn't mind, we'd go out to the motel with you.
I'd know the difference between Mary and an old woman.
Maybe you saw Mary!
You mean that old woman I saw sittin' in the window wasn't Norman Bates' mother?
No. An old woman, his mother.  That was early this evening. And we haven't seen or heard from him since. I went out to the motel, just got back. No one was in the office, and...
Norman took a wife?
He traced her there and called us to say he was going to question Mrs. Bates...
Bates' Motel.  He has a mind like a mechanical brain and the more information you feed it... Go on, Sam.
Yes. He traced her to that motel, out on the old highway...
Mary is Lila's sister?
Let's go out back and have some coca while the men are talking.
We have a problem.
You didn't!  It's tinkerbell.  Al wants to be sure he'll hear it if anyone rings it in the middle of the night.  Well come on in, at least!
Sorry, Mrs. Chambers. I hate bothering you...
Oh?
Have you two had breakfast?
Went out before service.
Norman found them dead together.  In bed.
It ain't only local history, Sam, it's the only murder-and-suicide case in Fairvale ledgers! Mrs. Bates poisoned this guy she was... involved with, when she found out he was married, then took a helping of the same stuff herself.  Strychnine. Ugly way to die.
I helped Norman pick out the dress she was buried in. Periwinkle blue.
He told you he wasn't coming right back cause he wanted to question Norman Bates' mother, right?
Barefaced.
Arbogast.  And after he left?  No, it's okay, Norman. How's it been going out there?  Well, I think you oughta unload that place and open up closer in to the action, a smaller place, you know... but...
Arbogast.
Norman? Sheriff Chambers.  Been just fine, thanks. Listen, we got some worries here. Did you have a man stop out there tonight...  Well, this one wouldn't be a customer, anyway. A private detective, name of...
You must remember that bad business out there. About ten years ago...
Recluse. Kinder word.
At this hour?
Why don't you call Norman and let him say just what happened, if he give the man a hot lead and he did just scooted off... it'll make the girl feel better, Albert.
Leave me alone!
...Forty thousand dollars!
Leave me alone!
Where will you get the money to do that, Bates... or do you already have it... socked away... a lot of it...
Shut up!
Buy a new one! In a new town! Where you won't have to hide your mother!
Do what?
I've been talking about your mother... about your motel. How are you going to do it?
I don't know what you've been saying.
You look frightened. Have I been saying something frightening?
I didn't think so.
My mother is not dead!
And now that your mother's dead?
This place! This isn't 'a place.' It's my only world. I grew up in that house back there. I was a happy child. My mother and I... we were more than happy.
I'm not saying you shouldn't be contented here, I'm just doubting that you are. I think if you saw a chance to get out from under... you'd unload this place...
Just an expression...  What I meant was... I'd do just about anything... to get away.  Wouldn't you?
That would be a rather extreme reaction, wouldn't it?
I always thought it was the people who are alone so much who do all the talking when they get the chance. Yet there you are, doing all the listening!  You are alone here, aren't you?  It would drive me crazy.
Yes.
I've been doing all the talking so far, haven't I?
Fine.
Satisfied with your cabin?
Yes, matter of fact.  The wife's taking a nap and... I can never keep quiet enough for her... so I thought I'd look you up and... talk.
Looking for me?
I'll show you the cabin.
Haven't any.
I'll get your bags.
Uh, uh! My boss is paying for this trip... ninety percent business... and he wants practically notarized receipts. I better sign in and get a receipt.
It isn't necessary.
Better sign in first, hasn't we?
I'll take you to...
We'd hoped to make it straight to San Francisco, but we don't like the look of that sky. Looks like a bad day coming... doesn't it.
I suppose you want a cabin.
Just coming up to ring for you.
Shut up! Shut up!
Go on, go tell her she'll not be appeasing her ugly appetite with my food... or my son! Or do I have to tell her, cause you don't have the guts? Huh, boy? You have the guts, boy?
Mother, she's just a stranger!  As if men don't desire strangers, as if... oh, I refuse to speak of disgusting things because they disgust me! You understand, Boy?
Mother, she's just a stranger... hungry, and the weather's bad...
And then what? After supper, music? Whispers?
Mother, please...
I won't have you bringing strange young girls in for supper...  ...by candlelight, I suppose, in the cheap erotic fashion of young men with cheap, erotic minds!
You must've seen an illusion, Sam. Now, I know you're not the seeing- illusion type... But no woman was illusion there and I don't believe in ghosts, so there it is!
No mother.
Nothing. Here, let's clear the path.
You didn't find anything.
And you want to tell me you saw Norman Bates' mother.
Yes! In the house behind the motel. I pounded and called but she... just ignored me.
Now wait a minute, Sam. You sure you saw an old woman?
This detective was out there and Norman told him about the girl and the detective thanked him and went away.
Was that all?
He wasn't out when you were there. He just wasn't answering the door in the dead of night... like some people do. This fellow lives like a hermit...
He was out when I was there. If he's back he probably isn't even in bed yet.
Explains the private detective. He traced her to the Bates place.  What'd he exactly say when he called you?
Everyone concerned thought... if they could get her to give back the money... they could avoid involving her with the police.
From what?
Yes.
Left Phoenix under her own steam?
They thought she'd be coming to me.
What--special autopsy?
That's the one that's got the coroner doing nightwork.
Did I?
You didn't even mention the suicides. Did you notice the beaut that came in today?
Yeah, between the gangsters and the autos, we won't need another war to carry off the population.
By gosh, them stiffs are get- tin' heavier and more of 'em every day. They even got the coroner working overtime.
[Was it] &quot;Meirschultz&quot;?
Said &quot;doctor&quot;--[something]
Did she talk?
Just before she died she came to--
Never mind your theories. Was she ever conscious?
Imagine--she was alive. What a horror. Could have been buried alive. She must have run away from the morgue.
How about me getting the help. She's quiet now, isn't she?
That's what I said. Now, lis- ten to me. I want you to help me take this woman down stairs. I will give her a shot. You can take care of her till I get help.
What do you mean &quot;our&quot;?
Quiet, will you? This is ser- ious. Our lives are in danger.
Ha ha, <U>you</U> have been treating.
I knew there was a catch in this some place--but spill it. Quiet and dramatic. MAXWELL In the other room, I have a crazy woman that I have been treating.
No, I wouldn't be surprised at anything from you. Winningly. MAXWELL Now, honey--you are here in time to help me and you can--
Sure--I have one little job to accomplish, then we can leave together. No doubt you are surprised at this disguise.
Then you knew of the inheritance?
[Perfectly friendly, my dear.] At last, I have really a secure living for us. We can travel or anything we choose.
So--friendly or otherwise--?
Sh--sh--I want to have a few words with you quietly.
Gosh, you had me fooled.
Okay--I'll be here at eight.
That's only natural. Maxwell will be here around eight tonight.
Don't tell him. I want to be the first to bring him the news.
I am certainly glad to hear it. I know he'll be pleased.
He hardly knew of them him- self.  I believe it was his uncle in Australia.
You say a fortune. He never spoke to me of any rich relatives.
He's inherited a fortune.
Indeed, he has often told me.
It is--you know what a struggle he's had.
No, not exactly. Why the great anxiety? It must be something important.
You mean he doesn't work for you?
I understand my husband is-- your assistant. May I see him please?
Did you wish to see someone?
Take him to the psychopathic hospital.
Yes--I can't stand it-- everybody wants papers-- oh, oh 
Dr. Meirschultz, too?
Papers--they all want me to sign papers.
Tell me, just what you know of Dr. Meirschultz.
Hm--pressure-- To Buckley. That's all right. We'll talk later.
No, no! I won't sign any pa- pers. You can't make me--
I don't know--I can't tell--
Why, yes, to you, Mr.--Mr. --what?
You--a friend to me?
No, I don't want money. I only want to find out who you are and where you live. My business is finding peo- ple. Not taking their money.
Maybe you want my money, too.
Who wants your money-- maybe I can help you.
No--I don't want to give any money. Everybody wants money--I'm not going to give any money.
What made you steal? Are you hungry?
I don't know, [I tell you].
Who are you? What is your name?
No-
Why didn't you notify the police?
I know I am. Why, I even heard a shot up there last night.
Maybe you're right.
It may be, but to my notion, those that monkeys with what they got no business to get queer sooner or later.
That sounds to me very remarkable.
Sure--they're sorta queer, I'd say. They's lots of queer goings on up there. They even brought a dog back to life once.
By the way--did you hear a shot last night?
Oh, him. He has a cat of his own. But his assistant--he's the cat-hatenest man I ever saw. Goofy, if ya ast me.]
You're not as quick as I thought. I figgered out that rats breed faster than cats-- cat skins make good fur-- The cats eat rats. Rats eat raw meat. That is, they eat the carcasses of the cats. So --the cats eat the rats--the rats eat the cats. And I get the skins--simple ain't it?
But where do the rats come in?
That's it. You get it quick.
Oh, I see. Cats' fur.
Oh, no. It's my own idea. I'm in the business. In the fur business.
What' s the idea [of wanting so many] do you sell them [to the doctor]?
Sure, got thousand cats, too. Look at 'em-- Points to cages of cats.
Thousands?
Yeah--thousands, and right in my back yard.
[Lot of] How many cats you have--what's the matter-- rats?
He's been stealing my cats to experiment on [them]. I know cause I've been [watching] spying on him.
I understand from your neighbors that all [them] cats are making noise at night. Dr. Meirschultz has put in a complaint.
Come on, we're wasting time.
Oh, <U>I'm</U> crazy, am I? Let me tell you something.  Those women have--the gleam--
Man, you're crazy. What kind of a place is this?
It won't do any good. They are a pair of would-be mur- deresses fighting it out.
Take me down there.
Oh, nothing. A cou- ple of my patients having a little argument.
What's that?
Oh, nothing. He is crazy, that's all. I had a little trouble with him.
Yes. Mr. Buckley thinks you treated him a little rough. He's in the hospital. How about it?
You here again?
I'd like to have a look.
Oh, just the basement. Some day I intend to build an experimental laboratory down there. It will save me from intrusion.
What's down there?
Mind if I look around? Seems to me you have car- ried on some interesting experiments. Sure of himself but taking no chances. MAXWELL Sure, I'll take you thru.
Oh no. Mostly research in endocrinology.
Do you have many patients, doctor?
Fine. Mrs. Buckley will be all right when she gets used to the idea.
Oh, yes, he's in good hands now.
Yes indeed. He has been a <U>difficult</U> case. Now that <U>you</U> have him in custody--you have him haven't you?
So--that's it. Buckley took the body.
Why, Buckley stole that body. That's what alarmed Mrs. Buckley so. I have been try- ing to get her to put Buckley in an institution but she wants to keep him.
Yeah, he was picked up-- also the body from the morgue. Say, what did you have to do with stealing that body?
Well, news of Buckley?
How do you do.
Oh, Maxwell? He's left.
By the way, where <U>is</U> your assistant?
You found Buckley?
I'm detective Jones. Just dropped in to tell you a bit of news.
Oh, so you feel that way too . Motions to other room. Stay in there--I'll call you when needed.
It sounds all right, except for the fact that she's crazy. It seems to me she has the right idea--.
[Something very important. I have been threatened;] Mrs. Maxwell, my assistant's wife, is crazy.  She thinks I mur- dered her husband. [She wants to murder me.] I want you to help me quiet her-- give her a shot from this hypo. [Keep it hid till we get her] down in the basement-- there is a secret vault [there]. We will put her there till we get your husband--[then turn her over to the authorities. Then we will both be free.]
How? What can I do?
You are right. But before I can get him back here, you will have to help me.
Not so fast, Mrs. Buckley. That was your idea!
You can't double-cross me like that.  You were to help me. You were to operate on him. You were going to put him under my power.
No, you can't do that--they'll get suspicious--
I'm going to call the police.
What are you going to do?
He isn't here.
Dr. Meirschultz, please.
Nonsense! ... It's here! ... Your blood ...
Yes!
You're losing your blood?
I'm losing my blood!
What is it now?
Go to sleep!
The wound is bleeding!
What is it?
The master ... is asleep!
Yes!
Your father?
What did it say?
That called ... commanded ...
That spoke to you?
A voice ...
What were you dreaming about?
No!  Good night!
No?
There's no child here, and no dogs either.
But ... the dogs...
There's no child here.
Yes.
The child!
Yes, the child ...
Did you hear?
The blood transfusion is completed. While Marc himself is looking after the patient, the nurse leads Nikolas into an adjoining room, where she makes him sit down and prepares his bandage. The doctor stands bending over Léone.
Another fragment of the diary is shown [having to do with vampires].
The blood transfusion continues. Marc has positioned himself outside the circle of light from the lamp, so that he can see Nikolas in bright light, while he himself sits in the dark. Nikolas watches Léone's face anxiously and closely during her struggle with death. Life slowly seems to return to her, and her breathing becomes more peaceful. She opens her eyes and looks at the people round her, but she is much too enfeebled to speak, and closes her eyes again. Marc keeps a close watch on Nikolas, who grows paler and paler. His eyes swivel slowly from Nikolas to the patient and back to Nikolas again.
Joseph is reading the diary, which arouses his interest more and more. It is as if he finds a connection between what he reads and the fearful events that have taken place around him. An extract from the diary is shown.
The blood transfusion is now in progress. The only words are curt orders like: 'Now! - Quickly! - That's enough! - Give it to me! - Sit still!' etc.
Joseph returns from the room where Gisèle is. He has evidently succeeded in calming her. He goes and sits in the chair where Nikolas sat. He rests his head in his hand. He sees the open diary and begins reading it.
By the time we return there, all the preparations for the blood transfusion are completed.
It's Igor at the Wax Museum! You'll find your judge embalmed in wax! He's a statue of Voltaire, with all the other corpses! The whole place is a morgue -- do you hear? -- a morgue! 
You lie!
No -- the only thing I did for him was to keep track of the man named Worth that runs the place where you arrested me tonight.
But you were in on it -- you worked for him.
No -- I didn't. It was Igor at the waxworks.
You killed him!  Come on with the rest of it. You killed him!
Well, thank goodness, that's settled.
I think so.
Yeah, but they leave you plenty.
If you're going to be indiscreet, I wish you'd be a little more discreet about it. Rich men, like Winton, love you and leave you.
No? Give me a chance, baby. Money is music in my ears, and when his old man kicks off there'll be a million dollar tune.
You wouldn't get mixed up with that little rotter, would you?
I'm hungry. I'll eat the first child I see. And I've an appointment with young Winton at 8:30.
What's the rush? There's no first act. They'll all be there and we don't have to appear at any particular time.
Ouch! Eat? You can do a solo if you don't step on it. I'm going to bow out on you.
Why didn't you eat last night?
I can't convince the inner woman that we can wait. She's howling for a bit of ground beef before we drop in on Santa Claus and the other dummies. I've only had a cup of coffee since last night.
There's no hurry. It's early.
I'll have it for supper.  So long.
But what about lunch?
Then marry Ralph ... you'll be the happiest couple in the world.
You think money is the only requisite. It happens that the poor people are happier.
He can look like a chimpanzee and act like an igorot but he must have dough -- plenty of dough.
You would.
All right, you raise the kids -- I'll raise the roof. I'd rather die with an athletic heart from shaking cocktails and bankers, than expire in a pan of dirty dish water.
I don't agree with you.
I've been in love so many times my heart is calloused ... but I've never hit one with dough. This love-in-an-attic isn't my idea of a way to spend a pleasant afternoon.
I don't think you could have a real affair. You couldn't care for anyone.
I don't have any affairs. What do you mean?
In the can.  The hoosegow! Mrs. Winton's little boy. The Pawk Avenue Wintons, you know ... and plenty of do-re-mi.  He's in the jail-house now ...
Did you? Where?
I met one last night ... all the money this side of Peoria.
I don't see any big-moneyed boys running after you.
I just had a picture of you telling a landlady some day that you didn't have the rent, but Ralph is awful sweet.
What are you laughing at?
I wish you wouldn't be so sarcastic about Ralph. He's the sweetest kid I know.
I wondered. Did he invite you to lunch, or did you invite him?
Yes, why?
I'm glad you told me. Good night, Mr. Burton.
That's the way I feel about it.
So that's the way it is?
Well, that's just how stupid I am. When you go riding, it will be with me. And if it's with someone else, you can make it a permanent arrangement.
I'd call it stupid at any time.
You wouldn't have said that before you met her.
I'm not quarreling, only ...
Are we going to have the same quarrel over again?
Don't kid yourself -- she means it.
She thinks it's funny to talk the way she does, but--
Well, I do say it.
I won't let you say that!
What's nice about her? ... a hard-boiled little gold digger.
Nonsense. She's one of the nicest girls I know.
She isn't anybody's friend, and I don't like you living with her. She's a bad influence.
But why? She's the best friend I've got.
Delighted, I'm sure. 
Why, certainly, sir. My fiancée. Charlotte, may I present Mr. Igor.
Well, you see, the old chap is pretty anxious to open on schedule. All of his advertising announced the opening tonight.
Disappoint me? Why, what do you mean, dear?
And I have no desire to hurt you. You will always be beautiful. Think, my child, in a thousand years you will be as lovely as you are now.
Please, oh, please, I haven't done anything to hurt you.
Ralph! Ralph!
We have found immortality, you and I. You must not be afraid.
Let me go! Let me go!
It is no trouble at all, my child. This is the strange, vicarious pleasure that remains for me -- to see others enjoy the beauty I used to create.  My footing is not too secure.
Oh, please, Mr. Igor, I'm terribly ashamed. I shouldn't have put you to so much trouble.
I'd love to.
And he will probably demand the life of anyone who agrees with you. Let him think it was his fault ... He should be along very shortly .. . But be very stern before you forgive him, especially if it is your fault  ...  While you're waiting for your friend, would you like to see some new figures I have downstairs?
But it was really my fault.
Oh, you children, you happy children. You've quarreled and now you're going to be friends again. And that is as it should be. Never let any stupid misunderstandings come between you.
No -- I -- wanted to speak to Ralph. We had a silly argument last night and I said something unkind.
Oh! So, my little friend, you have honored me by accepting my invitation of last night.
Oh! Mr. Igor! -- I'm so glad you're here -- I don't know why I should be, but I was a little bit afraid.
They are.  My boy, I think you are right. Everyone is tired out today and now that we have seen my doors open in a new country, I am beginning to realize that I am a little tired myself. You can call that fellow in from the front. I think we'll close for the night.
But I think these things are beautiful.
At any time. You will always be welcome.
We'll be coming to the opening.
I'd love to, at any time.
Although you would be amused if I were to tell you that I knew you before you were born. Before this terrible thing happened to me ...  ... I made a very beautiful statue. Even if I had not met with this disaster, I could never have hoped to do anything finer, probably nothing quite so fine. And, my child, you are that figure come to life. I wonder, some time, would you pose for one of my sculptors who does very excellent work?
Thank you.
If you will forgive this poor, crippled stump, my dear, I am very happy to know you.
Nothing doing. This is my percentage. You birds are going to get yours. And anyhow, I found this dump.
Hey, what do you think you're doing? Put that stuff back!
I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
You mean he was colored?
Not a very good one, I guess. He wasn't like anything human. He hobbled and swayed like a monkey, and the face, from the glimpse I got of it in the light from the street, was like an African war mask.
How quaint. But I can go any place you can. 
It happens that I'm the law.
Whatever you are, you're the only one of it.
What do you think I am?
Listen, copper, get a load of this. While you're chinning yourself on a bar rail, I run down this story ... my story. Consider yourself my assistant.
Don't take my word for it. Get down there yourself and give a look.
Are you giving me this straight?
I'm not kidding. Joan Gale's body is packed in the box in the basement, and I saw the most horrible thing down there.
Hello, Express. What's the idea, trying to outsmart the police?
The body of Joan Gale!
What! What are you talking about?
I'm going to get even with you, you dirty stiff! I'll do it!
That's what I said.
Yes, you could. Cut out this rotten business and act like a lady. Marry me.
Listen, stupid, could I do anything that would possibly meet with your approval?
I'm going to make you eat dirt, you soap bubble! I'm going to make you beg for somebody to help you let go!
What goofy idea have you got now? Don't tell me you suspect Judge Ramsey of stealing the body.
Was there any art on Judge Ramsey?
Go on, little girl, take your troubles somewhere else. I don't feel like talking to you.
Say, you're always razzing everything I do, but this is one time I'm in.
What do you mean -- haywire? You start out after murderers and come back with three-for-a-dime bootleggers. You start to solve murder mysteries and break up crap games. You're grand! I'm for you! Stupendous!
This one's a story, but I'm not going to tell you what it is. Every time I tell you anything it goes haywire.
You here again like an evil spirit to mar my happiness?
Mit me, kid. I've got a classic.
Almost! I'll still bet I'm right, and let you write your own ticket.
Almost certain.
No kiddin'?
That dear, innocent Judge Ramsey that you were so sure got bumped off for knowing too much has been located in South America.
What do you mean?
Oh, by the way, another pet theory of yours just blew up.
All right, Master Mind.  But there's something cockeyed about that joint and I'm going to find out what it is. 
Come down to earth. Do you think they would dare do anything like that? Don't you think they'd know that figure would be recognized? Shake your head real hard -- you'll be all right.
Let it go.
Work that up into a comic strip and syndicate it.
And it came to life and divorced you. I know all about that. Now my idea is this: Somebody swipes the girl's body, takes impression, makes a mold, produces wax figure ... Bingo! ... Peddles it to this old skate down there!
I used to be married to one.
Listen, Jo-jo. Does this mean anything to you? Joan Gale's body swiped from the morgue -- Did you ever hear of such a thing as a death mask?
About the Gale girl, I mean. Where do we go from there? What of it?
What!
We'll grant that.
Just this -- I got a look at that dump a little while ago and if they haven't got a wax figure of Joan Gale in that line-up, then I'm crazy.
No kiddin'. What's your idea?
All right, you poor baboon, you can guess the rest of it!
Well, you can't blame a guy for getting a little breathless with a scoop like that.
I asked you to keep your trap shut!
Now don't that call for an extra!
Jim, there's a little hokey-pokey wax museum opening up down on 14th Street.
All right, wise guy. Go ahead. Spill it.
Listen, Jim -- and if you wisecrack while I'm talking I'll crown you with the inkwell.
Well, no one would ever suspect it. You don't sound right.
I am right! I know I'm right!
So you can give me an argument and tell me I'm wrong. Don't be sil, Kid.
Well, why so mysterious! Come on, spill it.
Hey, Mattie, dig into the morgue and send up all the art you have on Joan Gale.
I want to see the original pictures of Joan Gale.
Come in, Prussic Acid. What's on your mind?
Get out of here.
Which one is me? The horse?
Sleep on it ... we'll get it tomorrow.
No, there's another point I want to iron out.
Great! ... If he's worthless we'll give him away as a bridge prize. Come on -- beat it. It's five o'clock. You need some sleep.
On the square, Jimmy, if you'd seen Winton down there -- I'm not holding a brief for him -- maybe he's a dirty pup, but he's scared and hysterical -- and so kinda dumb and worthless ...
Nope, I'm through!
Hey, come here, Sob-sister!
All right, you said I was fired. Well, I quit! Give the assignment to somebody else. 
You cannot. I'm still editor of this sheet.
Well, that's got nothing to do with this case. Can I handle this my way?
Whooey -- he took a run-out powder.
Or was bumped off by someone who was afraid of him.
Except that he disappeared when things got too hot.
And they never proved anything against him.
Oh, you won't -- you were pretty tough about Judge Ramsey -- a little while ago --
Well, I won't work on it from that angle.
You don't think he'd be sap enough to do the job himself. I hope they give him the works. Even if he didn't kill the kid, he's responsible for her death, and they can fry him any time without making me sore.
Well, anyway, he couldn't have copped that body -- he was in jail.
I'm glad to hear it. When did you go in for crusading in the cause of justice? This lousy mug, with all the money in the world, has had two or three nasty affairs. He's kept out o' print because his great- grandfather was smarter than the Indians.
You give me a pain!
He's getting a break, ain't he? He's front page.
No, I mean it. I think this kid's entitled to a break.
And ruin a perfectly good story? Don't be silly.
I wouldn't be trying, beloved. I would hang him! And another thing, all this gaga about the body disappearing. Eight bodies have been stolen in New York within the last eighteen months. Doesn't it seem more reasonable to hook this up from that angle?
Why the goose pimples? If he wasn't social register -- if it was somebody like me, you'd be trying to hang him.
If this kid was some unknown soda jerker, they wouldn't have pinched him. But he's George Winton and they're playing him up. It's a Roman holiday for every paper hat editor in New York.
Well, ain't that a shame. Nice little chappie that wouldn't harm a fly ... everybody picking on the little fellow.
Quick, Watson, the cookbook!
That is none of our business.  But you bring me something for the next edition if it's only a recipe for spaghetti! 
And how does one go about getting these human documents, may I inquire?
Well, is it my fault if nothing happens?
All right, what about it? We get out a paper just the same. Did you ever stop to think of that?
What do you mean, you poor ham! This is New Year's!
I'm through clowning. You're all washed up. Get out!
That you're a sure bet to place in the bread line. There's no room on this rag for the purely ornamental. You're easy on the eyes and pretty conceited about it.
Meaning what?
Great. Consider yourself crippled -- financially. See if you can jar your charming friends loose from enough to eat on.
Charming. More delightful people crippled.
Yeah.  Have a pleasant vacation?
Where did you get the news item?  From a little bird?
Been doing experiments with Scotch and soda again?
As I live and breathe and wear spats ... the prince.
Well, maybe it was. I don't remember.  You got to do something for me, I can't stand it any longer -- I can't!
You used to go to Worth's place a whole lot. What makes you sure it wasn't there?
No, sir, I'm sure it wasn't there.
You didn't happen to be going to Worth's place, did you?
No, sir. About three months ago.
Don't remember what day that was, do you?
I don't remember. Not so very far--
Where were you going when you got in that cab?
Yes, sir. I got in the cab and it was layin' there on the floor.
Thanks.
It's all yours.
Don't give this to anybody else, will you?
There's an autopsy ordered at Bellevue immediately. You better skip over there.
Make it snappy, Colonel.
Hotcha! Saved, one job!
Nothing. Only she may have tried to blackmail him. You know such things have happened. Anyway, he was at her apartment a few hours before she was found dead.
What does that prove?
Why would I string y'? They were sweeties until a month ago.
Say, if you're stringin' me, Old-Timer ...
Don't they? He's down at The Tombs right now.
They don't suspect <I>him</I>?
That's the one.
Old Howard Winton's cub?
Do you know George Winton?
No foolin' -- any suspect?
Oh, yeah? Maybe she didn't commit suicide. She may have been murdered!
Yes, she committed suicide yesterday. That's not news. I heard about it last year.
I've got a story for you. You know the Joan Gale girl?
I've got to make news, if I have to bite a dog.  Hey, Kelly! Oh, mi gosh, even he walked out on me.
No kiddin'.
I'm people which the old year saw out. I'm canned, fired!
Fine. You're the first reporter in here for two hours. You people seeing the old year out?
How's every little thing?
Call the Homicide Squad!
Here's a wow.
Stories scarcer than caviar at a street cleaner's banquet, and he says, bring me a yarn. All I have to do is get a story.
I told you he was a sore.
Ain't that something. The mad monk of Manhattan. Here goes nothing.  Listen to the animal cracker roar like a lion.
Listen, Flo, cut it out. Hard-Tack is pretty sore.
Plain-clothes man.  Come on, slaves, drink and be merry for tomorrow you might be appointed correspondent to Washington ... a fate worse than death.
What do you mean police dog?
He's not a stag hound. His name is Kelly and he's a police dog.
Where'd you get the stag hound?
Better cut that out.  That's what happens to girls who bite their nails.  What's wrong?
Ralph, come here a minute, will you?
No. I wanted to do it without saying anything. I think he's worth it.
Gee, that's great. After the bad opening that night the old boy was pretty blue. This will pep him up. Have you told him about it?
Well, I'll tell you a secret. I kinda like the old gent and I'm trying to build a special Sunday Magazine story out of him. It might help him a whole lot. But that's a side issue -- something I do on my own time.
I guess so. But wouldn't it be better for you to wait until the old man's here?
I'm after news, as usual. I wonder if it would be all right for me to slip in and look around your factory?
What are you people doing out in the middle of the night?
Horsefeathers!
Nix, Flo -- he won't let you in and you'll only get me in Dutch.
Who? Old Santa Claus there? That's easy for anyone with my sex appeal. He's a pushover. Watch me stand that old dodo on his ear.
No use. He's a crab, I tell you.
He might get some publicity out of it.
Don't worry -- she'll get used to it.
Gee, honey-bunch, I'm sorry -- I'm going to have to disappoint you.
Fine, thanks.
Don't ask any questions. Come on!
What is it? What happened?
Well, that being the case, I'll take it up with the board of directors. Hey, listen, aviator, here we are!
Heaven knows. A lot.
How much money have you got?
You don't believe me. You think I'm just talking. Will you marry me?
Oh, is that what caused it?
No, really -- I'm crazy about you.
It doesn't usually take that long, but I'll forgive you -- you were in a tough spot when I met you.
I suppose this is going to sound absurd. I've only known you twenty-four hours, but I'm in love with you.
--and so determined to live that I'm going to get out and take a taxi if you don't watch where you're going.
Darned if I don't! 
You go in for dangerous things.
Why?
No -- No -- I -- I -- I don't want to see it. 
There she is! You'll find Joan Gale in that box.
I told you what to do. Drive around the corner out of sight of the house. I want to get a closer look at the place.
Please. I'm sorry. I'll see it through. What do you want me to do?
All right, brother. Then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
I told you I didn't want to mix in it.
What! And let every rag in town grab a red-hot story? Not so you could notice it! Now, look, I want you to drive me around the corner and wait for me.
Not even then. The police are the proper people to conduct this affair. Now if you've got any suspicions I'll drive you to the nearest police station.
Not even if it gives you a clean bill of health?
Now look here. It's not up to us to do our own detective work. I've had enough trouble over this matter. I don't want anything more to do with it.
That's what they're going to ask you.
Who'd steal her body?
That happens to be the truth.
Then why are you telling me a crazy lie? ...
Hold on, hold on. I'm trying to help you, if you're on the square, and I think you are.
Stolen! What are you trying to do to me? ... You're working with the police! ... You're trying to make me say something that can be used against me! You're trying ...
Well, let's get back to the case in hand. They ordered an autopsy and discovered her body had been stolen from the morgue.
No.  Why didn't I take her out somewhere? But she was laughing and seemed so happy.
You weren't going with her?
We planned a trip for her. I was going to send her to Bermuda.
I see. Was that all she said?
She laughed and told me that we were being silly, that we didn't care for each other any more but we needn't hate each other ...  ... She said she wanted to be friends.
Uh-huh. Do you remember what she said? What did you talk about?
They didn't give me a chance. We had a couple of drinks and she was all right then. She seemed happy.
Hmmm. Why didn't you tell that to the police?
For a few minutes the afternoon before -- before --
Your dad has stood for plenty. Now let's get down to cases. When did you see the Dale girl last?
My lawyers will be on the job in a little while, and I warn you people anything you print about me you've got to prove. Dad won't stand for--
That's what I said.
Cry-baby?
Listen, kid. You're in a tough spot, and you can make it a whole lot easier for yourself if you cut out the cry-baby stuff --
Yes, sure, that's fine. While I'm proving my innocence, you people are going to uncover every petty kid trick I ever did ... you're going to write editorials about every cocktail I ever drank. Anything that any sane, normal person might have done will have a sinister meaning, if I did it.  Go on! Get out! I don't want to talk to you! 
Come on, old man, that won't do. You know you're innocent until proven guilty.
Yeah. I suppose you people will crucify me for something I didn't do.  I didn't! You understand that! ... I didn't do it! She -- tried before -- 
Good night.  And I am very grateful to you.
Good night, sir.
It will always afford me great pleasure to see you. 
I regret I can't spend the time I'd like with your exhibition, but I'm going to worry the life out of you when I come back. 
You will have won the undying gratitude of us all.  Is that not so, Marie Antoinette?
She will undoubtedly keep her promise. If you'll grant me the privilege, I'd like to submit this work to the Royal Academy when I get back.
My partner believes that I should build a horror chamber, immortalizing the hideous crimes and criminals of London. At such times Marie Antoinette has reassured me, she has promised me recognition for the devotion I gave to her.
Even those delicate veins, the texture of this flesh -- I have never seen anything more exquisite.
You are too gracious. These things have some merit, I suspect ... but this--  ... I am convinced, is fine. 
Not at all -- let me show you how easily it can be done. 
You're insane.
Well, what do you think I'm in this for?  Think of it, man, a match -- a cigar stub -- and ten thousand pounds to divide between us!
And they are welcome to them. To perpetuate such creatures is to celebrate their crimes.
You've got to permit it! Whose fault is it that no one comes here? The museum at Walston Lane does well enough, and why? They've got Jack the Ripper, Burke and Hare, the Mad Butcher, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street and things people pay to see.
And you think I will permit this, my friend?
I'm not asking you anything. I'm telling you what I'm going to do!
You are asking to burn these people ... you are asking? ... 
I want the money back I've thrown into this rubbish heap.
A fire! Is this your idea of humor, my friend?
Yes, there's our way out. A fire in this place would give us ten thousand pounds.
Fire insurance!
No -- I'm lying to amuse myself!  Now look here, I've an idea that will get us out of all this. We haven't twopence between us, but we've got these. 
Is that a fact?
Something important has got to come of it! Do you know that the rent on this place isn't paid?
Your money may have been well invested, my friend. Something important may come of all this.
That is unfortunate.
I came back for some of the books. I am trying to straighten out the accounts. I don't hope to impress you, but I may as well tell you: We haven't a farthing!
Quite so. Quite so.  And you, my little friend, my little Marie Antoinette. It is kind of you to be present.
I wouldn't feel too disappointed at the slimness of your audience tonight, Mr. Igor. The weather was against you, and the people are tired and getting over their celebration and preparing to go to work tomorrow.
All right, I'll tell them. They're right here in front.
If you leave before the work is done, you will be gone for a much longer period ... you will be gone for good.
I will only be gone about half an hour.
That is unfortunate. They will have to wait.
But I have some friends waiting.
To lunch, you say. I am having coffee and sandwiches sent in. We are not leaving until we have everything ready for the opening.
To lunch.
If it is freedom to represent people with limbs that don't match -- cripples -- you have achieved your purpose. Anatomy! Heaven forgive you. You must have studied with a sideshow of freaks!
But the composition as a whole -- I've tried to keep a sketchy freedom.
Everything, my friend. And you hope to be a great sculptor --  A great sculptor. Look -- this forearm is at least two inches too long.
That doesn't seem so bad to me. What is wrong with it?
And he isn't struck dead! This man, he lives! It would be interesting to know, young man, where and when you studied anatomy.
One of the maids-in-waiting for that Elizabethan group.
If my curiosity is not too great, would you mind telling me what manner of animal this is you are designing?
Don't lose sight of him. This is the most important thing in my life.
I'd know him anywhere.
He can't hear you.
What are you laughing at?
I wonder if I could have her pose for me.
She is the soul of that statue.
You have done well, and now I, too, have something for you. Come.
I'd be glad to, Mr. Igor.  I think I'll have somethin' to tell you soon.
Yes.
Shall we unpack it?
Otto! You and one of those other fellows! Come help Professor Darcey.
Yes, sir, it's here on the truck, but it's pretty heavy -- I'll need help.
Have you got it? Is it completed?
Thanks.
Well, any time I can do anything for you --
They didn't have a leg to stand on. There's no case against me. It's a clumsy thing to have happen, but nothing to worry about.
I'm glad they didn't hold you downtown.
Good. Well, I'll be seeing you.
Yep. Everything settled.
Yes....
Mia...?
What was her name?  The one I met.
Excuse me???
What was her name?
-- What if your seven and a half precious liters were downloading over the parquet floor?  What then?   What did your life mean?  Who did you nurture, Pauly?  Who did you love?
You did miss --
Spare me your classical answer. Measurements in.  Results taken.  What if I didn't miss?
You did.
Two: what if I didn't miss?
Dad...
Don't waste it Pauly.  This is not an everyday talk.  Just input the information and ask relevant questions.  One: how did a celebrated life of the mind bring me  to this particular switching station?
You taking any medication?
To isolation.  To an armed camp.  To a biblical spoof of a crazed father firing a gun at his only son.
So I can move on.  You too.
Why?
What?
Then you get it.  You'll understand.
I've been dreaming about this.
Wait.  I want to tell you something.
I didn't want to leave things the way we did.  Not this time.
And glow happily ever after.
That they tunnel, magically, through any obstacle, defying the practical laws of physics, in order to end up together --
Dysfunctional --
A five hundred foot thick steel wall.  But the connection between these two electrons is so --
She's in L.A., he's in the Bay area --
Inside every semi-conductor... you have two particles, with opposite charges, separated by an impassable barrier...
No.  I didn't.   I'm listening.
Like now?
That's what it asked me.  "What do you want?"  I didn't answer.  I was in the middle of an experiment.
What did it want?
God.  I dunno.  The eternal nothingness. Mia.
Of what?
How?
The Buddhists have been saying that for a millennium.
Nothing is real until it's perceived.
A quantum one.
What universe are you in, Paul?
Could be.
At the sub-atomic level, particles obey their own logic.  They connect in unimaginable ways.
We flopped the first time out.
It's an experiment.
Why am I doing this?
That's the physicist's playground.
A place you've never been.
Where to?
Could you?
I could go out of town.
What?
Okay.
I'm heading out of town.
Could we go somewhere?
Day or night?
I've been dreaming about you.
I said she isn't here. NOW you go home. Be a nice boy and go home.
Where is she?
She isn't here. And I'm sorry, but Mr. Hillyer doesn't want her to have callers during working hours.
Well, I got to see her.
She must have gone out for a walk with the children.
Is Rose here?
Yes?
This isn't punishment, I don't believe in punishment. It's for your health. Obviously you're sick if you can act like that.
Oh, Mother, not the castor oil.
I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil.
I am in awe of it, Mother.
But we must respect that power, we must be in awe of it.
I know, Mother.
Sex isn't ugly, sex is one of the most beautiful things in life, the creative power of the universe is behind it.
They're filthy, Mother.
Buddy, sex don't mean a thing to me. It ain't nothin' but a mosquito bite.  I'll tell you a secret. Girls don't want sex, Buddy, girls want love.
Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
A saint just like your own mother. She's up in heaven right now, her and Lunette, there ain't no doubt about it.
What was your mother like?
Boy did I get sick of rabbit. But later on after Momma died and Daddy wasn't doin' nothin' but drinkin', I sure would of been glad for a little rabbit stew. You know, I oughtn't to of told you about what Daddy done when I was a child. Until them rabbits ruined him, he was a real good man, Buddy.
Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right.
He thought he could sell 'em, but nobody but country folks eat rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got no money. We had to eat them dern rabbits our own selves. Every dern one, and it took about four years to eat 'em all up.
How did the rabbits kill him?
Yep, we had 'em in orange crates all over. It was Daddy's dream. He was goin' to get rich raisin' rabbits. It was what killed Daddy. He didn't drown hisself till a long time later after Momma and Lunette died of typhoid, but it was them rabbits what killed him.
Five hundred rabbits?
Did you know when I was a child we had pretty near five hundred rabbits?
They're dumb things. I got tired of them.
I guess I'll work as a waitress, Buddy. I done that before and it got me in worse trouble than you could know, but I can't stay here no more. Why did you get rid of your rabbits, Buddy?
Take a little walk with me, huh?
What are you going to do, Rose?
Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun.
Okay.
Hi, Buddy.  How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad?
I don't want to know...
I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it.
Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared!
You won't die, Rose.
Oh, Buddy, they're gonna cut me all up! They're gonna cut my stummick all open, I'll die!
I ain't neither. Listen here, Buddy, besides all his vast medical knowledge, he has the most kindest heart beneath the professor way he acts -- he wants justice in the world and he's got some real interestin' ideas.
Rose, you are just entirely too uncritical of people.
Well, I like him. I used to be afraid of doctors but not any more. Why, he could operate on me any old time and I wouldn't even be scared.
Yeah, I'd believe it.
He's got doubts about hisself and that's the saddest thing of all. Would you believe that poor man thinks nobody likes him?
Rose, I have got doubts about that doctor and so does Daddy.
Yeah, he tried to hide it but I saw 'em, and a little bit he says to me, "You know, you are beautiful." Now wasn't that a nice thing for a doctor to say to a patient, wasn't it? What could cheer a girl up more?
He did?
You don't know the bedside manner that man has got. Why, it does me good just to see him sit there all solemn and go pokin' in his bag like he's gonna cure me, which he did of course. And even more important he loves me, like a patient I mean, the other day he got tears in his eyes just listenin' to my heart beat.
Rose, you are too uncritical of people.
Oh, he's so kind, so gentle inside, and so unhappy with that rich wife who doesn't understand him, her being a Southerner and everything, and what a bedside manner he has got -- so gentle and kind beneath the professor way he acts!
But I don't know who they are.
Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you.
I got an awful toothache.
Well, he might be that man who followed me home from the store the other day. But I don't know who he is, Buddy, I really don't.
Rose, you must know who the fellow is.
You're my sweetheart.
Yeah.
Did your Momma really give you castor oil?
I have a knack for designing clothes. But I had to buy the shoes and the pocketbook.
Here comes Daddy.
Buddy, Mr. Right is out there somewhere and I'm gonna find him!
You're going to get yourself up and go out?
Well, Ill tell you this. I have learned a lesson tonight. I wasn't gonna run around, but when I start botherin' your Daddy and worse robbin' a cradle, I gotta face the facts of life.  Tomorrow mornin', I'm gonna get myself up and go out.
Oh, Buddy, you do love me! I knew you did, knew it all the time...
Rose, they could stick splinters under my fingernails, and I will never say a word! I will never tell them, because... I love you!
Buddy, I have to ask you, as bad as I've been please have pity on me and don't ruin me by telling them what I did. I know it was bad, it was bad and dumb. But mostly it was dumb, I didn't mean you no harm, I'd never want to hurt a hair on your head and that's the truth. I love you. But they'd think I did, they'd think I was awful, they'd despise me and hate me...
I said I wouldn't.
I hate to turn on this light, you Daddy's awake downstairs, but I have to take the chance.  Buddy, please don't tell on me.
Good night, Rose.
I sure hope you don't.  I gotta get outta here, good night.
Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a soul.
Buddy, you wouldn't tell nobody, would you?
No. No, I'm all right.  Oh, God, what have I done? I have robbed a cradle and fallen into hell!  I must be crazy, a child like you. Oh, God, oh, Lord. This is awful, this is terrible, I gotta get outta here!
Rose, are you all right? Are you sick or something?
You wouldn't understand.  Oh, God, I must be outta my mind. What would your Momma think?
But why, if I'm not hurting you?
No. No, you're not hurting me.  But I think you better quit it.
Am I hurting you?
I must be outta my mind. Buddy, quit it.
But Rose...
You better quit that.
Well, nothin'.
I'm thirteen. And I have a natural curiosity. It's only nature, Rose, that's all. Now what's wrong with nature, huh?
Buddy, you're just a child.
Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good sport.
Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me.
Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's all, I have a natural curiosity, it's only human. You're my friend, aren't you? Don't you like me?  I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact, I love you.
Of course you can't! I'm... I'm shocked at you, Buddy, real shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm going back to my own bed!
Can't I touch it a little, Rose -- not a lot, just a little?
No! You ought to be ashamed of yourself astin' such a nasty things a child your age!
Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I?
Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat.
I'm curious to see what it's like. I'm very curious, Rose.
Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What an awful thing to say, and where did you get any such idea as that, anyhow?
Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty...
Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her -- I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys.
Rose, I have a serious favor to ask you.
There ain't none in your Daddy. You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him, I respect him, I admire him.
There's an evil streak in everybody, Rose.
You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't figure you out at all. You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you.
Well, some fiend might.
Who would want to do such a thing as that?
It was softer'n I thought, that was my main impression. You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot.
Don't mention it.
That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose.
All right, that's enough.  You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk.
First I couldn't feel it, but now I feel it easily, it's like a little acorn.
'Course it does.
Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right.
Well, are you satisfied now? Can we just lie and talk, huh?
Aw, be a good sport, Rose.  You like me, don't you? I like you a lot.
You don' t need to know that. It's none of your business.
Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see what the nipple on it is like.
Buddy, you don't realize it but what you're doing isn't nice.
Just for a second. Please, Rose, what's the harm?
But I'm curious, Rose.
Buddy, what's come over you? A child like you, askin' such things.
Rose, can't I see what the nipple on it is like?
No, you can't. And I'll tell you this -- he scares me. As kind as he is, he scares me. You can't fool around with him, not with that man. And, boy, I sure better not try nothin' like that with him again, he'll fire me.
Can I put my hand inside your nightgown, Rose?
You know, that Daddy of yours is the funniest man, the things he says, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth next.
Actually, I am, though.
Buddy, quit that, you're just a child, you're not supposed to be interested in such things.
There's some kind of gristle in it, though.
Ha ha ha, that's some idea, a cantaloupe.
Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe.
What did you expect?
Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft.
I fell madly in love with him when he called me Rosebud. You know that first day when I come and he said I looked graceful like a capital letter S and called me Rosebud? I fell madly in love with that man right then.  But it's a lost love, Buddy. He's a good man and won't have nothin' to do with me.
But, Rose, how could such a thing as that happen?
Promise not to tell Doll? -- or nobody? Buddy, it's your Daddy! I'm so much in love with him I am out of my mind!
But, Rose, what is the cause of it all?
Why, it has just made me ill, Buddy. I'm sick. I don't want to eat nothin', I don't, and me I got a good appetite, that ain't nat'ral for me. I'm ill.
You were pretty bad, huh?
Buddy, I was horrible. I can't tell you who it was, but do you know what I did? I sat on his lap and got ahold of him and wiggled and wiggled my ass on him and was worse'n you could know, a child like you. Why, I let one of my tits fall out deliberate on purpose and practically smack him in the face with it and I let my dern skirt come up so he could see my drawers...  But to get back serious to what I was sayin', it is not only, Buddy, the loss of him but my own bad behavior what bothers me so...
What'd you do, Rose?
It's so terrible I can't tell you. Oh, Buddy, you don't know how it hurts to have a broken heart, what a terrible feeling it is, and I've had a broken heart so many times. Men, I don't understand them, I can't figure them out and they break my heart, that's all. I can't find Mr. Right, Buddy, I can't find him no matter how hard I look, all I find is a whole pile of Mr. Wrongs. But this is the worst ever because it wasn't his fault. It was my fault, oh yes, my fault, I was bad -- oh God, I was bad, you wouldn't believe how bad I was.
What is it, Rose?
I thought I'd go crazy back there in that room all by myself with nobody to talk to. As a child, I never had no room all to myself, we were awful poor. Buddy... I have got a confession to make.
Well, all right.
Buddy, I am wandering in a wilderness, lost.  I just feel awful. Do you mind if I get in bed with you for a little while?
No, I'm awake. What's the matter?
Buddy, you are in one of your evil moods, I don't want to talk to you. I'm going out and sweep the patio.
Well, it's only the truth. There are horrible things in the world, Rose.
I don't hear you. I just turn my back on that kind of talk and look away.
He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her.
I didn't hear you. I didn't hear that.
There was this old man that ate his niece.
What terrible thing in Cave Springs?
Hey, Rose, did you hear about that terrible thing down in Cave Springs?
Your Daddy is a wonderful man, I'll say that. He's the best and most kind-hearted man in the world.
Was that what they tried to do? Was that why Daddy gave you the job, to save you from those scoundrels?
Did they try to induce you to become a prostitute?
Bad is bad, Buddy. There ain't no sense to it.
In what sense were they bad?
They were just bad men, that's all.
But who were they?
Nobody.
Rose, who were those scoundrels in Birmingham?
Sure. Let me take your suitcase.
Buddy. Well, now, that's a nice name, I like it. I am real pleased to meet you.  Hey, look, do you think you got a cold drink of ice water somewhere?
Lots of things. Buddy, mostly.
Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
Of course not!
Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat, or Ill kill you!
He did lie, and... and... and Mother, yesterday he stole money out of your pocketbook!
Rose is madly in love with Daddy...
All right, what do you know?
I do, too!
Oh, Waski, you don't know anything.
Yeah, I know.
I do, too.
Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
Neither do I.
No, she hasn't.  I think I hear a car.
I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in?
She's got somebody in there, Brother! His shoes are on the back porch -- there they were, naked and smiling at me!  Rose, open this door immediately!
Daddy, what's the matter?
Open that door, damn you!
And there's only one reason anybody would want this ladder -- to get up into Rose's bedroom in the dark of night! I am going to chain up this ladder and padlock it! -- and that is not all I am going to do!
Well... maybe...
See, son? The paint is flaked off here, freshly. Look at it, Brother, there is no question about it. Some person or persons unknown have very recently tampered with this ladder.
True, but if you look sharply you can see that those marks are the marks of a ladder. Now let's go back to the garage and see if the ladder has been tampered with.
Well, I don't know.  No, I don't know, Daddy, I think the rain has obscured it.
Well. Well, what I mean is, you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this, Brother, it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here, and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder?
But how would you find him?
That is because it rained recently, the rain has obscured the evidence. But you could still take plaster casts of these footprints, then match up the plaster casts with whosever shoes they are, and that way you could catch him -- understand?
Well, it's not very plain.
See that, son? Now this is a heel, see, and there, that's the ball of a foot. Someone has been walking here.
He's not coming back again. We scared the rascal off, son.  Come on back to supper. Your mother has a theory about how to educate Rose.
I don't know. But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again.
What do you think, Brother?
What's taking the rascal so long?
Yeah, he's still up there.
Is that Doctor still up there, Brother.
The girl strikes like a cobra.
I don't know.
I never saw anything like it. How did she pick him up so fast?
No. Why should Rose be in my room?
Son, was Rose in your room last night?
Well, yeah.
Reading dirty comic bocks.  And you admitted it?
Well, a little.
You were up late last night, Brother.
I'll be right back.
Now I have a plan about Rose, an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble --  Brother, you ought to hear this.
Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom.
I do wish you'd speak to Brother. It's true he's been looking at those horrible little books again.
Heh, what a hypocrite.
Oh, yes, it's Thursday.  Hello, Rose, dear...  ... my, you're... looking pretty...
She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now.
What'd you say, Brother?
She's getting herself up to go out.
Children, children! Be quiet, all of you!  The vibrations in this house are strange today. Where's Rose, anyhow?
Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff.
No, you didn't say that, Brother.
I said ahhh-dam stuff.
What did you say, Brother?
Uhhh, gahdam stuff!
Stop gagging like that and putting on a show, and swallow it.
Geccch, yehh, guhhhh!
This is for your own good. When you look at negative, destructive things like those little filthy comic books, you are sick. Here, take this.
Mother, cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil?
Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed in you. You mustn't look at those horrible things, they degrade the human image.
Mother, I have to tell the truth. I wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I was reading one of those Little Dirty Comic Books.
Brother, when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you're either sick or you were up very late last night.  And you weren't reading Huckleberry Finn. I looked and its not in your room. Now what were you doing?
Walked, in all that heat? It's a wonder she hasn't got sunstroke. I'll phone Daddy and you go get Doll Baby and Waski.
In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel.
All right, all right. Doll and Waski are upstairs taking their nap, you go get them and bring them down to the living room. Where is the girl?
You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed.
Your impression is very reassuring, Brother. Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed.
She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't.
Wonderful. What's she like, Brother? What is your impression of her?
The new girl is here.
Here comes Daddy.
Why is it taking so long?
If it isn't a baby... what is it?
That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it.
A baby... and she isn't even married.
Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so.
What's goin' on?
Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house.
Well, if she's got any sense at all, she'll listen to that.
Doll, don't ask childish questions.
Buddy... does Rose really... "do it" with all those boys and men?
Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close.
What's happening?
You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill you!
They've been in there the longest kind of time. I can't stand it, I gotta find out what's going on.
What is Rose going to do? Where can she go?
Dumbness doesn't concern her, Doll. And neither does smartness. You see --
Then why does she act so dumb?
It isn't that she hasn't got any sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average, maybe quite a bit above average.
She hasn't got any sense. In some ways, she's awful dumb.
So am I.
Buddy, I'm worried about Rose.
Chattanooga. I had St. Louis, Missouri.
Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts
No, Mother, he's lying...
You know, Buddy, sometimes you make me sick.
Wonderful? He kissed her and played with her titty, and I don't see anything so great about that. He was probably afraid Mother would come back early and catch him.
Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted to kiss her some more and play with her, but he didn't, because he loves Mother and all of us, and he loves Rose, too. Isn't he wonderful, isn't he great?
You shouldn't watch such things, Doll.
Buddy, that was pretty snotty of you, pushing me away like that just when it was interesting.
Buddy, that was my place.
She's putting the titty back.
Let me look.  Aww-rr...
He had his hand on her titty.
Is that all?
He kissed her.
What are they doing, Doll?
Buddy, this is amazing, you wouldn't believe it.
What are they doing?
Wow! Brrrother!
Boy! Wow!
Now I can't see. What are they doing?
Let me see!
He's trying to get up -- good God, one of her titties is out!
Ohhh-hh... what's happening now?
This is my place and you can't have it.
I can't see, let me see...
They're discussing it.
I can't see. What are they doing, what's happening?
At least.
I think she's gonna kiss him.
Okay.
Let's go peep from the living room.
Yeah.
There goes Mother.
I get so irritated with Daddy. He's so dumb sometimes.
Yeah.
She's watching the car again?
It's really pitiful. She's in bad shape.
No, he doesn't. Not really.
I think Daddy suspects.
It's pitiful. Neither one of them know.
No.
Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll?
Oh, shut up, Buddy.
Rose is almost as sentimental as Mother. If there's one thing I can't stand it's sentimentality. In Chattanooga this man committed an almost perfect murder. He killed his wife with a black widow spider.
I'm not blubbering.
Now look, boy, get a grip on yourself. Rose had a good life. She found her. Right, didn't she? She triumphed over everything, what are you blubbering about?
That's a hell of a thing to say. Why, Rose?
Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd want to?
Why Rose? Why Rose, Daddy?
It's true, son. The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more,
I can't believe it, Daddy. I know it must be true, but I can't believe it.
I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me, too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe.
Well, you have knocked me for a hell of a loop, old man. A hell of a loop.
Excuse me, I'll be right back.
She was fifty-six, son. Of course she didn't look it, nowhere near it. The cancer came back, I'm afraid I fibbed about that. But it was very quick, son. She was in the hospital only two weeks, and the last week she didn't know anything.
But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old!
I am afraid so, son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened.
Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she died?
No, son, she is dead.
All right, Daddy. We have our drink, we're out on the patio, you have prepared me for it. Rose's cancer has come back, hasn't it?
I'm older than hell, boy. But this Yankee whisky is mighty fine, I'll say that.
It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car.  Or maybe it isn't so funny.
Not for long, boy. I've outstayed my welcome already.
It always gives me a funny feeling to come home. Dear old Southland. Gone. It's all gone, Daddy --  -- except you, you're still here.
A wonderful woman, boy.
That's what she would say herself.
At rest in the creative universe with Mother, son.
You know, I don't know this town any more. All this traffic, new buildings, prosperity...  Where have the years gone, Daddy? Where is the little town I knew as a boy?
Yes, I guess he did. He threw her away and it was the mistake of his life.
He didn't lose her, he threw her away.
Yeah, I know, he was up here. It's pitiful like you say. When he lost Rose it ruined the man, it destroyed him totally when he lost Rose.
You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C.
Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed you?
The pitiful son of a bitch said Rose was a nymphomaniac.
No, it's another thing. I was going to write you about it, but since you were coming down anyway I thought I'd wait till you got here. What did Dave Wilkie have to say?
Is her husband sick or something?
Oh, no, no, she got all over that. Rose is fine. Let's sit down, son.
What sad news? Did her cancer come back?
Oh, I heard from her, I got a letter from her, she's fine. But there is some sad news.
What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking?
Dave Wilkie of all people was sitting by me on the plane -- her first husband. It's funny you would mention Rose. Did you hear from her?
How could that be, son?
Of course I recall Rose. In fact I've been thinking of no one else for the last hour and a half.
Got another twenty years in it, boy.  By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion.
Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator.
Are they polar bears, too?
Yeah, they're in the snow.
Your wife and children are back in New Hampshire in the snow?
I can use a drink after the plane ride I had.
It's Yankee whisky to me.
It isn't Yankee whisky, Daddy, it's Scotch.
About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son.  Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you?
Hello, Daddy. How are you?
Well, you rascal, where'd you come from?
Yes, we know her.
I think we both know her.
Of course.
I have of course observed the girl in treating her.
Please do.
Then... may I speak quite frankly with you, Mr. Hillyer?
I am ahead of you.
Go on, Doctor.
First, about the girl's history. Evidently she's been very promiscuous since early childhood, she has no control over her sexual impulses. Furthermore, she is permanently barren, she can't have children.
Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you.
Oh, it's definitely better, beyond question. A fatherless child, an ignorant girl with no job, no money, no home. It's fortunate, a blessing really, and a stroke of good luck for another reason I want to mention to you.
Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been.
Any major operation is dangerous. However, as we know from her previous illness, she's a very strong girl.
Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation?
That's all I want to know.  Lets get out of here before I get the epizootics myself. Thank you, Doctor, for your discourse, it was fascinating, no doubt.
The point is you don't grow up like that on a diet of sorghum and hominy grits. She got protein somewhere, she's a very strong girl and I think she'll live... despite the delay in medical treatment.
Yes, I think so. He adores her, it's almost pitiful the way he worships her. I just hope she isn't too much for him.
Honey, he is Mr. Right.
Well, yes, she's happy. Of course Dave doesn't have her life force, not at all. There isn't much furniture in his house, just a table and one or two chairs, whereas Rose has furniture coming out of the windows.
Well, thank God we are rid of her at last. And the best thing of all is that she's happy. The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time!
You know Dave, his wife used to do dressmaking for you before she died.
Who?
Why, that looks like Dave Wilkie,
I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning --  Brother, what are you doing up?
I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this.
It's twenty after one.
Fine.
How is she?
Better off? How could she ever find love and happiness, if you did what you're talking about? Are you insane?
Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off.
Rose isn't oversexed, that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense, I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us, except more so.
Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and...
I can't believe you really meant it, if I did I'd want to die. You aren't a male monster, that man is but you aren't. Look me in the eye and tell me, do you really want to take Rose's womanhood away from her when it's all she has got?
Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself.
I thought I knew you. I thought I knew you better, I thought in your heart you were a good and kind man. Well, I can't believe what I've just heard in this room. A defenseless girl depending on you for protection, and you propose to mutilate and destroy her. How could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man?
Over... my... dead... body!
Reluctantly, I do. It would be a blessing to her and everyone else. The girl is oversexed and I say -- spay her!
Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear.
This conversation is making me a little sick.
I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing.
I'd say about three months. Are you satisfied?
She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly.
Honey!
I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm!
What did you forget?
Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh?  In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something.
But she must know... unless... unless... Rose, was there more than one person?
She already told you, she doesn't know.
That's why I'm asking her who the father is. It's the most vital question of all. Who's the father, dear?
You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do?
Poor thing, don't cry, Rose. I know you feel awful, but don't cry, honey, nobody's perfect. Who's the father, dear?
This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded.
Trickery and flummery or not, she's going there tomorrow on the bus! It's settled! And I must say we've been more than fair to you, Rose, it's pretty selfish and mean hearted of you to sit there and cry like that!
It sounds like a farm to me. Calling it a dairy establishment, that's just trickery and flummery.
I don't give a hoot in hell's hollow what it means to her! She can't stay in this house forever! I fired her, damn it!
I don't know how you can call it ideal -- don't you know what the word "farm" means to her?
Just a minute, Rose, you don't understand. This isn't a dirt farm like the one you were born on, it's nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I talked to him on the phone, a fine man... it's not a farm, damn it, it's a beautiful dairy establishment! Stop crying, Rose! Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's ideal!
Honey, Rose was born on a farm and has terrible memories of farm life. Now I don't think --
Something has got to be done or Rose is going to be in this house forever.
She's just nervous and worried. And you would be, too, if you had no job and no place to go.
Her plan is obvious, plain as day. She's going on a hunger strike. The question is, how do we foil her?
No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine. She's perfectly healthy, don't give her ideas.
She does look a little peaky.
The hell we can't.
She can't get a job, it's a depression. And we can't just throw her out on the street.
It has been three weeks since I "fired" her. Is there no way to get rid of this girl? Are we stuck with her for life?
Just a moment, dear.  We can't have it, Rose. Can you behave yourself -- or not? That is the question, to behave or not to behave, to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous chastity and keep your skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that is the coil shuffling question.  If you can't behave I am going to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it. I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning. Do you hear me?
She hasn't actually done anything...
Um-hmm.  Come with me, Brother. I want to show you something.
She's like a different person. Being so sick made a big impression on her. I really think she's learned a lesson.
Sometimes the negativism and cynicism in you makes me want to vomit.  Your real trouble is that you're anti-intellectual. The irony is women are supposed to be emotional, but I never saw anybody who depended more on emotion and prejudice than you do.
I don't care where the polecat studied.
Honey, Dr. Martinson isn't a rascal, he's one of the finest physicians in Glenville. He studied at Johns Hopkins University.
I don't see how you can even think of it now.
Rosebud looked pretty pitiful in that bed.  I hope she'll be all right, but I still think we ought to fire her.
He's a polecat, dear.
You don't like him because he's a Yankee. He's a brilliant doctor.
I can't stand that polecat. They ought to hang him.
Honey, please...
Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar?
I'll talk to her, I'll reason with her.
Darlin', Rose has got to go!
What she doesn't understand is that her behavior is disturbing to other people. She's young, she's got to learn to restrain the life force that's in her. Its creative, but in her case it's too creative.
They follow her because she's a --  -- no, I won't say that.
If you mean sex, you couldn't be more wrong. Rose likes those boys and men, she has love in her heart, and that is what they want. It's the most rare and beautiful thing in life and that is why they follow her.
Well, I have a pretty good idea.
How could Rose really be a bad influence on Dolly? She has a loving nature, you ought to want someone like that around your children. Why do you think those boys and men like her?
But what I said is the simple truth. And now I see something else, I see more deeply into it...
Now look, darlin', this is no time to go off into the fourth dimension.
But morals come from the heart, not from rigid rules and empty laws. And in her heart Rose has never hurt anyone and she never would. Therefore, she's not immoral. Not really.
That is exactly what I'm afraid of.  The girl has got to go, darlin'.
Who is to say our morals are better than hers?  But maybe you're right. She could... influence Dolly...
It's because of the children she's got to go. I don't want to be holier-than-thou, but the girl doesn't have the same outlook we do. Morals don't mean a thing to her, not a thing, and we can't have a girl like that in this house.
Well, she does seem to cause a lot of trouble, I admit. But she doesn't mean any harm and it'll break the children's hearts, they all love her.
I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as much as you do.
Well, that's very reasonable. Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist.
I said I don't intend to fire her. I just want to ask her to keep her boy friends away from my home and hearth, that's all.
It isn't her fault if she's popular... what?
I don't intend to fire her, darlin'.
Just a moment! You are not going to fire this girl for an innocent thing like having boy friends, not while there is breath in my body!
Now you listen to me, Rose --
I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it.
And when I try to talk to you seriously, when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life, how beautiful it would be if we gave up this hopeless struggle and simply loved each other from our hearts, what do you do -- you mock me!
Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this?
Yes! Yes, I say that to you, they were boys! Boy friends of Rose, chat's what they were, and why shouldn't she have boy friends? Do you want her to be unnatural? Don't you think she's human the same way you are yourself? It's the South, that's what it is, the South with its horrible traditions, of slavery and crime and the oppression of women, who are just as good as men and just as human!
Boys? You say to me boys?
Scoundrels? They weren't scoundrels, they were just boys.
-- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes --
Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics --
You certainly are! She has an awful toothache, look at her jaw, it's all swollen.
I am not being brutal to her!
I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.
Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying!
Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe.
Well, it isn't Rose's fault boys and men like her. You cant blame her for that, hon.
Rose, my patience is wearing thin. First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away. This is getting to be a regular monkey and dog show.
That sulky boy was here again this afternoon. I was almost scared, he wouldn't go away.
Yes, darlin', time will tell.
Well, time will tell, won't it?
Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All I'm saying is that a girl who would wear clothes like that is going to get in trouble sooner or later.
Well, I wish you'd stop criticizing and picking on her.
No reason at all, darlin'.
Why shouldn't she go out and have boyfriends?
I don't see any bruises or broken bones.
Is she all right?
Quarter of twelve.
What time is it?
Well, she's back.
Yes, of course.
Be kind to her. She loves you so much.  In a perfectly proper way, of course.
You are the one who's good-hearted.  As for Rose, let's hope for the best.
But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality.  Have a little patience with her. She's such a good-hearted little thing and tries so hard.
Well, she loves children, all right.  She loves everybody.
He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children.
That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why.
I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it.
She will succeed.
Well, I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm, she just wants to attract, attention.
The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her.
I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better.
Rose, you and Brother wait in the car. I want to speak for a moment Lo Mr. Hillyer.
Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road.
You're not having lunch?
Who doesn't have such thoughts?  We'd better get going.
Well, it is a little tight. But it isn't as bad as all that. No one will notice unless they have such thoughts in the first place.
They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked.
I'll take him with me downtown.  And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride.
I'm serious. We forget he's just a child. I wish you'd speak to him.
Lay off of that stuff, son. It upsets your mother.
Why, they won't either. She looks pretty. And I wish you wouldn't pick on the poor girl all the time. Don't listen to him, Rose, you look pretty, even beautiful.
Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life. You walk down the street like that and they'll put you in jail, Rose.
No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep.
What's the matter, hon? Is anything wrong?
All right, darlin'.
I think about what I'm doing all the time, and I've got as much business behind the wheel of an automobile as anybody. Besides, I want you to stay and help Rose with the dishes, the poor girl isn't feeling well.
I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole.
You're a wonderful woman, darlin'. As long as you're around, I'm sure the sun wouldn't dare go out.
Be nice to Rose. She's never had a real home.
Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I don't understand these deeper things the way you do.
I'm not in the fourth dimension --  -- you are in the fourth dimension, when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control. As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out.
All right, darlin', don't go off into the fourth dimension.
Hotcha character. If I had to live with your cynicism, I wouldn't want to live at all. What you can't understand is that the creative forces of the universe are positive, not negative.
I love Rosebud, I am wild about Rosebud. I just hope she doesn't turn out to be a hidden hotcha character, that's all. We have growing children in the house.
Hope for the best? I don't understand all this skepticism. I thought you liked Rose.
Well, let's hope for the best, darlin'.
Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them.
There are no flies on Rose, I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, I'll admit I don't see any flies on her yet.
And she's such a good-hearted thing, there isn't an ounce of harm or malice in her.
Um-hmm. Almost too perfect.
Honey, she's perfect. She works all the time and she's wonderful with the children. And they love her, even Brother likes her though he won't admit it. I think she's just perfect.
I asked you what you think of Rosebud, now that she's been here a while.
Oh. Did you say something?
Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake.
What?
Turn up your hearing aid.
What do you think of her, honey?
Slow, hon. But at least I can concentrate now that Rose is here.
How goes it, darlin'?
Yes, it's so nice I thought I'd work outside.
Good morning, sweetheart. Beautiful day.
Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud has arrived. Un-hmm. And you're all assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un hmmm.
It isn't the fourth dimension. To you it's the fourth dimension, maybe, to me it's simply the truth.
Nothing, Rose.
What was it, Mr. Hillyer?
Rose... I hate to be mean, but...  Oh, nevermind, forget it.
Well, I'll pay you that back sometime, Mr. Hillyer.
Well, we know you were there. The bill that hospital sent was absolutely horrendous.
Perfect, wonderful, good as I ever felt! Except for a big old scar on my stummick, I wouldn't even know I been in the hospital.
You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel?
All right, damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here, stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look!
It's so, Mr. Hillyer.
I don't believe it.
I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big.
All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant?
Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am.
No, you're not.
Yes, I am.
Good God almighty. This is a catastrophe, they won't hire her.
Yes, mine. I'm going to have one.
Your baby?
Mine.
What baby? What baby? What baby are you speaking about?
What?
I'm not cryin' because of me, I'm cryin' because of somebody else.
No, no, not exactly. It isn't a farm in the sense that it's a farm. Not at all. It's a... dairy establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm sure you'll like it because it's so... peaceful!
You mean a farm?
Ahh-hh, you'll like it. It's a fine, outdoor-type job.
Well. What kinda job is it?
Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state!
Tennessee?
Well, I have got news! I called long distance and spoke to Cousin Hop and you'll be glad to know, Rose, I have found you a job!
Yes, sir.
God forbid. You're not sick, Rose, forget it. Don't get any notions in your head, you're not sick.
Mmm. Would you get me another half a-cup of coffee, dear?
What's the use, there ain't none.
Well, Rose, going out to look for a job today?
Rose, darlin', you break my heart. But I am only a human man myself of the father variety. Rose, pack your bag, baby, as of this moment you are hired, mired and fired.
Mr. Hillyer, I know it was bad and I hadn't ought to of done it. But I'm only a human girl and I... I ain't always perfect. I promise I won't let him in the house no more, I promise. Won't you and Mrs. Hillyer forgive me?
Under the mattress. I hid 'em so you wouldn't be mad. He wants to marry me, he loves me. I can't marry him, he's too young and hasn't got no job, but he loves me... now you wouldn't hurt him, would you?
Ye gods and little fishes, a fireman. Put on some clothes, Rose, you're naked as a jay bird. When you're dressed, come on downstairs. I'm afraid your friend Billy is injured, where are his clothes?
He's a nice boy, you'd like him. He wants to be a fireman.
Well, it was a silly question.
Well, Mr. Hillyer, Billy's very poor, he don't have no money and there wasn't no place else to go.
And what, may I ask, was Billy doing here?
Well, it's Billy.
And who, Rose, may I ask, is that?
Where is he? Where have you got him hid?  Ah, ha!
There ain't nobody here, Mr. Hillyer! Honest, there ain't!
Yes, sir.
I mean a human investment, Rose, we care about you, you matter to us. But we have innocent and unformed children in this house and the monkey and dog show has got to stop. Do you hear me?
Yes, air.
I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
I didn't mean to bite him, I really didn't.
I have to go back to the hotel. I'm on duty at the desk and who knows a quest might arrive. I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
I didn't mean to bite him. He was hitting Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and... and I bit him accidental.
Well, I don't know what happened. They were arguin' about baseball, then all of 'em started fightin'. As for that policeman, I didn't bite him, I don't think I bit him.
That's all you've got to say, you've got a bad cold?
I got an awful bad cold.
Oh, no, sir.
Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange voices in the night, Rose.
Boy, for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again!
Well, I know it, I just got the bill for it.
Wonderful. Except I can touch the place back there with my tongue, I wouldn't even know I had that tooth pulled.
Good morning, Rose. And how do you feel today?
Yes, sir.
All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance.  But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me?
Yes, sir.
Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing.  Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger?
I'm not hungry.
Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your cornflakes!
Ohhh-hh, ohhh...
Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep. Those men had a flight last night because of some female in this house, and it wasn't Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer.
Yes, sir.
Strange voices, Rose?
Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I heard strange voices in the night.
Well, Rose, my sleep was a little disturbed last night, and so was Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the children's. How about you? Was your sleep disturbed, too?
It'll do just fine.  Bye-bye, see you later.
Is this ill right?
Oh, I'll just mosey around here and there.
You don't know where you're going?
Oh, anywhere downtown.
Where do you want me to let you out, Rose?
Yes, sir. I had to go to the bathroom.
You were up late last night, too, Rose.
My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say, there comes Rose with her rose.
What have you got in your hair, girl?
There are more on the other side.
How can the buttons stand the pressure?
Well, it has buttons.
That's a pretty stylish skirt, Rose. The only thing I don't understand is how did you ever get it on.
Um-hmmuhh. I never drink a whole cup, my nerves can't stand the caffeine. Ehh-hh, Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night. Lay there and sweated blood for hours.
Why, sure, always got time to get you a half-a-cup, and one of these days I'm gonna get you a whole cup and see what happens.
If you've got time before you go "out," get me a half-a-cup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a half-a-cup.
You're so sweet.
Yeah. I'm goin' out.
Got yourself up?
Nothin'. I got myself up, that's all.
Well, good night.
No, sir.
Is anything wrong?
Nothin', just goin' to the bathroom.
Rose, what are you doing up?
Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed?  Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying!
Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's been so good to me...
Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?
Oh-h, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Hillyer... I just... couldn't help myself. I'm sorry...
Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you?
Calm down, Rose, let's calm down and discuss it ...
Don't make me... me... me... get up!
All right, all right. Now calm down, Rose, the children will hear you. Calm down, let's talk... about this thing, let's discuss it.
No, no! You don't understand, I love you! It's real love and I can't help it! Please kiss me, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much...
Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you crazy girl. Now I'm telling you again, get off my lap. Come on, Rose, get up. Now you get up, I say, and stop this!
Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr. Hillyer!
Ahh-hem! Now, Rose, get off my lap. What are you doing, girl? Are you crazy?
I... I'll get the grits.
Rosebird Baby, you are the light of my life, darlin'. How did we ever get by without you?
Oh, I don't know, I... I...
Rosebaby Blossom, these are the most delicious candied yams I ever ate! Why, they just melt in my mouth. And this fried chicken is fit for a king. How do you do it, Peachbird? What is the secret of your art, Plum Blossom, huh?
Yes, sir.
All right. Now as head of this household I have a couple of remarks to make. It is my dear wife's belief, which I accept although I do not totally grasp it, that to hire a person to do household work is a criminal practice. Therefore, you are here not as a servant, you are here as a friend, as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family. You will eat your meals with us, you will share life itself with us -- in love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in love and harmony. Do you understand me?
Yes, sir.
Oh, to hell with it, never mind. Don't tell her anything. Don't even tell her you saw me.  Got to run, Buddy, I'll miss my plane.
What do you want me to tell her, Dave?
You might see her. She writes your Daddy, and she and that doctor came to see him, didn't they? I wish you'd tell her something... I never could write letters.
Dave, I haven't seen Rose for years.
Ah-h, if you happen to run into Rose sometime... do me a favor, give her a message for me, will you?
Yeah, I'll do that, Dave.
Well, got to get a plane to Savannah. Great running into you, Buddy. Give my best to your Daddy.
Yeah, I remember it.
She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that, Buddy?
Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him.
You loved her, didn't you. Well, so did I.  You'll have to admit she had four husbands.
Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit?
Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs.
She didn't marry him, though, later she married another guy and went to Winston-Salem. It didn't last That girl couldn't have no lastin' marriage, she left him and married another dumb sucker and went out west. Little bitch left him, too, and you know what she's married to right now?  A kike. That's right, some kind of kike horse doctor named Schapiro out in Seattle, who's got the nerve to have the same first name I got. Wouldn't you know it, Rose would wind up married to a goddamn kike? She was always out of her friggin' head and I'll tell you why.  Buddy, she was sick in her mind and between her legs, too. She was a nymphomaniac.
She's te reason -- cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him!
Well, no, I didn't actually.
Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you?
Um-m, well...
That's correct -- outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorry-ass damn.  But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything...  ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me.
I see. Outside it.
Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it.
Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building.
She has other things to do, Dave.
Took your time gettin' here.
Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us another drink!  Dumb little bitch, supposed to give us two in the first place.
That's right, Dave, I'm headed for Glenville on a whisperin' jet.
Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy, always jokin' around. Almost as much of a joker as your Daddy.  I saw your Daddy a coupla years ago, I was up in Glenville lookin' at a motel site. I guess that's where you're headed, huh, to see him?
Well, actually, we have a little black boy named Her---t who lives in the garage. He does it for me.
I don't mean that the way it sounds.  Imagine it, a book. And I used to know you personal way back when.  Tell me something, Buddy, how do you dream up all that stuff?
Oh, yeah?
How about that. Well, you always were a screwball.
Page proof of a book I'm working on.
Galley what?
Galley proof.
Ha ha, course you make a lot more.  What's that you got there, Buddy?
Oh, it's all right, beats Jew York. But the niggers have took it over, just like every other city we got, only worse.
Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town.
Well, I am in the construction business, Buddy, and without braggin' I have done real good at it.  There are those who wouldn't have expected that out of me.  Right now I'm buildin' a giant motel unit near Alexandria, outside Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm on the construction side.
Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how are you?
It's Dave Wilkie! I'm Dave Wilkie, don't you remember me?
Well, I... I... ah-h, let's see...
Awww-rr, Buddy, come on, you know me!
Excuse me... your voice is familiar and I'm sure I know you from somewhere...
I don't know. I think he's cryin'!
What's the matter with him?
I'm only trying to help him, Mother.
You mustn't be a tattletale, dear. You mustn't be Delilah-ish and Jezebel-ish toward your brother, dear.
Daddy, Buddy was up late last night reading little dirty comic books. Mother gave him a dose of castor oil and he cursed it, he took the Lords name in vain, then claimed he hadn't said it. He lied, Daddy.
Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his bed last night and he fiddled with her and she snorted and had a fit -- and he says I would too if I was grown-up. Is it true, Mother -- would I sweat and snort and froth at the mouth and have a horrible fit like he says?
Yes, dear, what is it?
Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose?
I don't like that, either, it's worse than Waski. I want to be called Fran.
Let him be guided not by my wishes and not by Rose's wishes, although I am sure they are identical. Let him be guided by the wishes of the creative power of life itself, because that is what has spoken through me tonight.
Actually of course I won't operate, I don't do major surgery. Dr. Hardy will operate and of course he'll be guided by your wishes in this respect.
I understand you perfectly. You leave that girl alone, you wretched man, or you will be sorry.
Yes, I understand you, but you have misunderstood me completely.
I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said, not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman, a woman has got just as much intelligence and self-control as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl, I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got, I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me?
You'd go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who has no means to defend herself, you'd go that far? Don't you think I know what you've just said and don't you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you've just conspired to commit?
Illusions, Madam?
Are you human beings or are you some kind of male monsters? Is there no limit to which you won't go to keep your illusions about yourselves?
Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in more ways than one. She is an extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulses. It would be a mercy to spare her the suffering she causes herself and others. Therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of her second ovary. It is ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect your husband agrees with me.
What are you talking about? I don't understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny looks on your faces.
I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me?
Yes, go on.
What do you mean, what kind of gobbledygook talk is that?
I'm sorry the truth nauseates you, Mrs. Hillyer, because before you leave there's a bit more of it I'd like to put to you. This operation provides a therapeutic opportunity that I feel is quite important in regard to this particular girl, who suffers not only from an ovarian cyst but from a certain psychoneurotic condition as well.
She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was merely giving her the facts.
No, you shouldn't have, it was needlessly cruel. She thinks she has cancer and is going to die.
We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her.
Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose, what a life she has had.
Don't worry, Madam, she can't infect your dear little kiddies. She long ago fully recovered, but the disease did irreparable damage. The girl is permanently barren.
Gonorrhea?
I'm not surprised you thought she was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy. But it was pure wishful thinking on her part. The girl can never have children, she had gonorrhea at fifteen and it was untreated.
Yes. Well. She's upstairs.
Let me be the judge of that, Madam.
Oh, good evening, Doctor. Rose is a lot better, I just gave her her supper. She's almost all well now.
I beg your pardon, epi-zoo-tics? Do you mean "epi-zoo-ot-tics," an animal epidemic?
Yes, thank you, Doctor.
It is kind of amazing. The dentist says she has perfect teeth, there isn't a cavity in her mouth.
It's simply that I find it incredible, Mr. Hillyer. Aside from the girl's illness at the moment, she is very strong, a very healthy specimen of a young human female -- and a comely one, too. She must have gotten protein somewhere as a young child, if only sporadically.
Exactly, and that's why she couldn't possibly have come from such a farm.
Well, her people were very poor. She says she was often hungry as a child, and I'm sure the food she ate was pretty awful, not a balanced diet at all.
A tenant farm? Are you trying to tell me that girl is a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt?
Deathly afraid of it. Her people were poor tenant farmers and she doesn't know anything about doctors or medicine or hospitals.
Afraid of the hospital?
She hid it from us, Doctor. She's afraid of the hospital.
Of course she does and I must say I'm puzzled by your delay in getting her to the hospital. I should think ordinary powers of observation would have suggested to you that she was seriously ill.
She looks terrible, just awful.
Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is strong as an ox and that is what is keeping her alive. But not many people walk away from double pneumonia, Madam, not many.
I think you're right, it would be harder on her. But you'd better call Mr. Hillyer, she's going to need help to get home.
That would scare her to death. She's terrified of hospitals. To her, a hospital is where you go to die.
Yes, and it's very bad. It probably should be done at the hospital under general anesthesia.
But the wisdom tooth will have to be pulled?
Well, she has one mouth in ten thousand, I don't see teeth like that once in ten years. Her trouble is an impacted wisdom tooth, but there isn't a cavity in her head, not a single one. She has perfect teeth.
She was raised on a poor dirt farm. I'm sure she's never seen a dentist or hardly even a doctor.
Well, she finally let me look in her mouth. Is it true she's never been to a dentist?
No, Waski, she won't die, because we are praying for her.
Mother... is Rose going to die?
There are plenty of girls who would give thousands of dollars to have your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it. Beauty is there and we have to recognize it. Now Rose, the little girl sitting across from you with the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She looks like an angel and she is an angel, but she can be a naughty angel sometimes, although her father won't believe it. Her real name is Frances, but we call her Dolly or Doll.
Oh, Mother, cut it out.
When he was baby we called him "Wa Wa," a baby name, you know. You will find him a very good boy. His brother can be bad and so can his sister, but Waski is a very good boy. And as you can see he's beautiful.
You can stop it right now.
Rose, this is Waski. His real name is Warren but we call him Waski. He doesn't like it much and I suppose someday we'll have to stop calling him that.
And who do you suppose he is? That policeman who arrested me, the one I bit! He is Mr. Right!
Well... well, that's wonderful, Rose.
You'll never guess what happened!  I have met Mr. Right! I been with him all day and he loves me, I know he does, he loves me and he's going to marry met Be's practi'cly ast me already!
Forget about it, I don't want you working in one of those honky tonks.
I was offered that job as a waitress.
Don't worry, honey, you'll find something.
I don't mind.
Rose, you don't have to.
Oh, I know. But I didn't, really. Honestly, I didn't. There was only one, but he's out of town and leave no forwardin' address.
Rose, really, you shouldn't act like that.
Oh-h, Mrs. Hillyer, I... I can't think. I... I'm not really sure.
I know it's embarrassing... but who were you exposed to, dear? ROSE Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ah-h, that's kinda hard to say.
Well, I... I... I don't know... maybe it was... but no, you can't be sure about a thing like that. It wasn't Billy, I didn't know him.
I'm not hungry. I can't eat nothin', I haven't been able to eat since I got fired. I think maybe I'm sick.
Rose, you don't look well and you haven't eaten a bit of breakfast.
I don't want to. When I was lyin' there in that hospital bed at death's door I says to myself, I ain't goin' out no more. If I ever get outta this, I'll just stay home.
Well, there's no reason you shouldn't go out, Rose... in moderation.
Well, you're real sweet to make it for me.  There never was nobody like you. And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more.
You look very pretty in it, Rose. Really, you do.
Yeah, it's kinda nice.
You see, Rose? Now that's the kind of dress you ought to wear.
What? Wha-at? Mrs. Hillyer?
Rose, you're very sick. You're burning up. Rose, can you hear me? Rose?
Yes, ma'am.
Rose has learned her lesson, haven't you, Rose?
It'll get better now.
No more dentists, no more dentists...
I know it was bad, honey. I'm sorry...
Never again, never again...
Oh-hh, ohh-hh, Lord, he's gonna kill me.
Rose, sit down in that chair and be quiet! We're trying to help you, you silly creature, sit in that chair!
I'm not goin' in there, I don't like the looks of it!
No, Rose, he'll help you.
Ohh-hh, a little. Oh-h, I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me, I just know it.
Poor thing. Does the ice help, Rose?
Be quiet, Rose.
I don't want to go to the dentist.
Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him!
I don't think we ought to discuss this in front of the children.
I had better call Daddy.
Mrs. Hillyer, I don't know who he is, I really don't.
Rose, that scruffy-looking man is out in the yard again.
Doll, you and Waski run on, too.
Yes, Ma'am.
Oh, no, that's the style. It's meant to be clinging.
Well, I think it's charming, Rose.  But don't you think... ah, the skirt is a little tight?
You look sick if you ask me. I hate to leave you with the dishes and all, but I'm supposed to go to a meeting of the Garden Club this evening.  I'll need the car keys.
No, ma'am, I'm just fine.
Rose, you're in an awful dither tonight. What's the matter with you, honey, are you sick or something?
Yes, Ma'am.
Well, you run on now.
I like to work. I don't mind work. It's the least I can do after all you and Mr. Hillyer have done for me.  You're so sweet. There never was nobody like you.
Really, why don't you go sit down somewhere?
You're so sweet.
Rose, you work too hard. Why don't you go sit down somewhere and drink a Co-Cola?
It must be wonderful to be so smart. I don't see how you do it, reading all those books, learning all that stuff.
Well, I am working on my thesis.
Are you going to get your degree soon?
More history, Rose.
What are you studying now, Mrs. Hillyer?
Well, it's rather interesting about Brother, actually. I realized the remarkable thing he had when he was six weeks old. He looked at me and understood me, he knew exactly who I was. I know it sounds crazy but it's true. He's very remarkable, he was born for the ministry and could move millions, but he doesn't know that yet. I have to warn you about him, he can be very dangerous, there is an evil streak in him, a streak of pure sheer meanness. But at heart Brother is saintly and that is why he was born for the ministry even if he doesn't know it.
Oh, no, ma'am.
... okay... you made your point.
Hasn't he got enough problems, or didn't you notice that's not cream soda on his breath?
Maybe I'm not making myself clear. You're probably the first girl Billy-Boy's ever fallen in love with, and I know for sure you're the first he's slept with.  So, how's he gonna feel...  ... when he finds out that the only first he is for you is the first guy who didn't have to pull out at the last second to get his close-up?
What... what makes you think you can order me around?!
You're not gonna see him again.
Let me tell him.  Let him decide.
But... I love him.  I do...
What were you gonna say?  Exactly how did you think he was gonna make the leap from dating a sweet, innocent school teacher to an ass-fucking porn star?
I was going to tell him.
I'm looking at this poster, and I'm thinkin', I don't remember seeing films like this when I was in school.
I... I can explain...
Fair enough.
We'll take the CalTrust heist, but if it's no good, we will hunt you down, and Billy-Boy will pull out your spine and he will beat you to death with it.
Read my lips: Zimmermann or nothing.
Come on, don't you screw with her, please!  You... you got to want this: armored car job.  CalTrust Bank. They took two million in cash...
Careful she doesn't hit her head on the way.
Alright, wait... there's a dentist in Brentwood peddling morphine...
Who cares?
Hey, listen... I'll give you something else, Kittle.  Anything. Remember... remember that corpse washed up on Huntington Beach?  It was never identified...
Take her down to the car, and for Christ's sake be careful this time.  Last suspect he took in, butter-fingers dropped her down the stairs.  What a mess.  Why is it we don't appreciate our arms and legs till we've lost the use of them?
Cuff'em.  Let's see what these two love birds say once they're sitting in separate cages.
Have I ever steered you wrong?
Am I supposed to take this information and sit up in the hills with a frickin' telescope?
Now you know what to watch for...
A Lincoln?  What Lincoln?  Lincoln Continental?  Lincoln Mark Five... Six... ?
What and?  That's what I got.
And... ?
Okay, man, okay.  I'm with you.  I... I heard how the shit's arriving...  It's coming in a Lincoln.
You get nothing and like it.  And if we're not blissfully happy with what you tell us, we arrest you just for the fun of it.
Well... what can I do?  You've created a dilemma...  And, look at the that. Time's running out.  I wonder... how can I impress upon you just exactly how frustrating this situation is for me?
I'll tell you what... I think it's all you've got.
You think it's that good?
I figure, for this information, the usual payment... times ten.
How much?
A little birdie whispered in my ear today... about the needle-candy you're chasing.  It's up here...  ... in the old curiosity shop.
Put up your kickstand, freak.  Start talking, or we're out the door.
What Eve and I wouldn't give to meet up with you on the business end of a daisy chain.
Every person's got their own kinks, beef-cake.  What's wrong, Kittle?  You don't swing?
Incestuous.
Indivisible and inseparable.
Abe Lincoln...
What... ?
Three hundred kilos of White Lady hidden inside a giant bust of Abraham Lincoln.  A parade float.
You don't.  It's a gamble.  But, not even in Vegas are you gonna get close to this kind of cash.  This is <U>two million</U>, Archie.  It's not three houses, it's twelve.  It's dreams come true.
If I tell you, how do I know you won't just club me and take it back?
It's six o'clock.  Time's runaing out.  Decide.
I don't know.  Fuck off!
Well, I'm running out of trees, so look me in the eye like a man and tell me you don't know!  Convince me!
I'm telling you, you're barking up the wrong tree.
You're Zimmermann's calculator, Archie.  All the blood money you had to move around to make this deal, you got to know something.  Maybe they told you, maybe you overheard things you weren't supposed to hear...
Just entering.  We'll get to the breaking in a minute.
This is private property.  This is breaking and entering!
I don't know, okay?  All I know is Butch Cassidy's back in town.
I need the "when" and the "where."
It's bone dry out there.  Everybody's hurting.  The stuff floating around's been cut so many times it's like powdered sugar, but Zimnermann's gonna fix it.
Alright!  Alright... put me down...
Last time Billy-Boy did this, the guy's neck broke...  ... just like that.  Sad in a way. Why is it we don't truly appreciate our arms and legs till we've lost the use of them?
This scag is enough to keep every junkie from here to the Mexican border high as a kite for the next two years.  You think we're gonna let Zimmermann haul it onto <U>our</U> streets on the Fourth-of-fucking-July!?
I don't know what you're talking about, man.  Even if I did, I'm not so crazy I'm gonna cross Zimmermann.
Know what he's doing, Benny?  He's trying to jog your memory.
Again.
Hey now... what the fuck... ?
Word is, while the vice cops on the East Coast were standing around playing pocket pool, 300 kilos of heroin got smuggled into New York City.  And, right now it's making a cross-country journey to Hollywood, U.S.A.
Oh, you fuckers!  You fucking fuckers!  What?  What do you want?
Really?  Is that a fact... ?
What do you want?  I'm clean.  I been clean a long time.
Where you been hiding, grease-fist? We've been looking for you.
Kittle...
Yeah.  Happy Fourth of July.
Happy Independence Day.
I'm not taking a cigarette break, jackass, just give me one!
You don't smoke.
Gimmie a butt.
Feeling great.
How you doing back there?
We're gonna rain on Zimmermann's parade.
Where we going?
Same day as before.  I think.
What day is it?
They shot us all, kid.
They... they shot me.
You've never heard of Napoleon brandy, Mister Smarty-Pants?  How do you think it got its name?
What about him?
Okay, seriously.  What about Napoleon, huh?
Who's been giving you history lessons?  Your bartender?
Entertainers don't count.
Dean Martin.
Name one.
I don't know what the problem is. Plenty of great men throughout history got their bravery out of a bottle
I don't know.  I could quit now if I wanted, I just don't want to.
The booze.
What?
When you planning to cut back on that?
Beats me.  You got a suggestion, feel free to shout it out, genius.
What's the plan?
Welcome to Beverly Hills. Wife-swapping Capital of the World.
That's sick.
Clench your teeth so when we land you don't accidentally bite off your tongue.
Wh... what... ?!
Clench your teeth.
Look, Kittle... pull over and let me out.  I'll be fine... okay?  How 'bout that... ?  Oh, Lord almighty, listen to me... I don't want to die!!  Lemme out of this coffin!!
Well, they sure know how to hold a grudge.
That's them trying to kill us.
Yeah.
The ones you got in that fist-fight with a couple a weeks ago... ?
Yeah.
Remember those two uniform cops who been giving us such a hard time... ?
Could be worse.  I don't know how, but I'm sure it could.
Okay, we got... one, two... three...  Two Caddies and Poe's Mustang.
Lots of these pencil-pushers work out of their homes.  It's a tax dodge.
No offices are gonna be open today.
It's personal.  We'll hook up at Billy-Boy's pad in an hour.  See ya then.
Where you gonna be?
Who's that?  Zimmermann's money-man?
"A.D."
I got him.
Ah, jeez, Billy... careful!
Stop blaming yourself.
We shoulda been there to back you up. We shoulda!
You big, fat sonofabitch, if it weren't for me, you'd still be sitting in the file room where I found you.  And you... Nena... you've still got needle scars from where I pulled you out of.  You of all people...
All I got is being a cop.  What do I do if I'm not that?
What of it?  Haven't we waited forever... ?  Haven't we, honey?  Haven't we waited long enough to get this scumbag?
Yeah, but if we don't sit, they'll take our badges.
You're just saying nothing!  Tonight is the night.
I'm just saying...
What are you, Henry friggin' Kissinger all the sudden?
Well... we shouldn't rush into this, right?  Let's talk about it.
I say, fuck 'em.  Let's go.
I can not even begin to imagine how much that must have hurt.
Jiminy Christmas.
Hands off the suit, monkey-boy. Close your eyes if you're scared.
We should slow down.
Relax.
This is too fast.  This is <U>way</U> too fast!
Move it!
I'd rather you guys didn't do this again.
Make a hole, Billy-Boy.
Get ready.
No you can't.
I can work this.
We'll share.
We catch 'em, I wanna be first to hurt 'em.  Promise me I get to go first.
Sons of bitches!
What do you want me to do about it?
I... I can't find my seatbelt.
Save it.  Just go.
That wasn't my fault.
Escort everyone's favorite She-Male over here nice and peaceful-like. Let's not have another incident like at the laundromat.  I'll never forget the look on that poor woman's face.
Whoa, thanks, man.  These are cool. They'll be collector's items.
Just a little, you know... Bicentennial memento.  Nothing special.
I'll give you a fucking hoot if you don't shut up back there.
Give a Hoot.  Don't Pollute.
Thank you, concerned citizen.
You shouldn't litter.
What, am I supposed to read it while I drive?  Keep a grip on it, alright?
Jeez... it's too early in the morning for this.  Leave off.  Here's your paper.
She's right.  If you two are doing the horizontal polka, the last thing you want is a thirty-five pound bundle-of-joy stumbling around, knocking over furniture and calling you "daddy."
It's the way you say it, like there's something more too it.
What'd I say?
Lay off once, would you?
Nothing, I guess.  Just an observation.  She's really something special.  You're a lucky fella.
Filthy kids go to kindergarten too. What are you saying, anyhow?
Tell me something... what's a school teacher doing having you meet for breakfast in one of the filthiest parts of downtown skank-ville?  I mean, this is not the place for fine dining, unless looking at prostitutes stimulates your appetite.
She's fine, as if you cared.
How's your precious little school-marm today?
We've got the tape to prove it.
He tried to kill us.
Bummer.
There probably is.
Feels like there's a bullet still in my chest.
Go wherever you want.  Live how you want.
You could start over again with cash like that.
What can I say to that... except, I love you too, you mean-spirited bitch.
Billy, I love you I really do... but I've got to tell you, every day, in every way, you give new meaning to the word "stupidity."
Oh.  Well.   I think it's pretty common knowledge that in the Battle of Little Big Horn, Custer was drunk off his ass.
Nope.
General Jim Beam, then.
No.
What about Jack Daniels?  Wasn't he a decorated general in the Civil War?
I'm waiting till the time's right.
You plan on shooting that gun or just hugging it?
You're lying...
Don't talk like that.  There's plenty of women around for jerks like you.
... where... where's a jerk like me ever gonna find another girl to love him... huh?...
Whoa, whoa... it's gonna be alright.
Speak for yourself.
If we don't catch a break soon, we're gonna be left standing with our dicks in our hands.
Bad news is, word's spreading like wildfire that we don't have badges, and nobody wants to end up getting splattered like Butch Cassidy either.
Okay.  It doesn't smell as bad in here as I remember it smelling.
Can't you say something nice once?
You live like a pig.
Well, I got something..  Pop-Sweet's accounting ledger for the Disco-Strip.  All the money transactions.  Look...  Someone's putting their initials beside the weekly totals.  Like they're acknowledging a deposit.
Who said it wa's me, hub?  Anyway... he fell off a ladder.  It wasn't really my fault.
Then, why'd we tie him up?
This is the police lock-up.  We're police.  How can we steal from ourselves?
No, we're stealing.
We're not stealing.  We're borrowing.
I can't believe we're stealing.
Hey... HEY!    Cool down, Jumbo!
Let's go!  Fuck everything!  God damn sons of bitching mother humpers... I'm gonna rip'em all brand new assholes... !
Just keep an eye out till I get this rig up and running.
Okay.  But, what changed our mind?
We have to find Kittle.
Where we going?
How come everyone thinks hitting me's the best way to get my attention?
Follow me.
What the... ?!  What was that for?
You'll cry like a great big, blubbering baby.
Laugh it up.  You'll cry later.
What was I supposed to do?
Smooth move, hot-shot.
It's go time, Billy-B.
That's him alright.
Forgive me for not ooing cartwheels over commemorative salt and pepper shakers
Hey...
No, but it should.
It doesn't say that.
"Leo.  The stages of the moon are in alignment, so now is a perfect time for a vigorous regimen of self improvement.  Wash yourself more carefully each morning, stop using pies and cakes as your primary source of nourishment, and quit tucking your shirttails inside your underwear."
What's mine say?
Oh... okay.
I'm back here, aren't I?  So, you don't have to make up a buncha lies to make me feel good about it.
You never heard of physics, Einstein? The laws of physics.  The more ballast we keep closer to the rear tires...
Bullshit.
You know, the more weight back there, the faster the car goes.
What... what kinda thing is that to say?
Birth control's important.
Wha... ?
You been wearing rubbers, Billy-Boy?
It's not gonna happen.
Well, I would like to sit in front today.
It's just the way things are, kiddo.
Why do I always have to sit in back?
There was a time when you did things the right way, till you hooked up with that fat-assed-boozehound and the soul-sister.
You mean taking bribes, and skimming busts and letting hoods walk? You mean not being able to sleep at night after shaking down some honest Joe?
What happened, Kittle?  We used to be friends.  You used to know how the game was played.
Maybe.
You going rogue on me?
Our resignations.
I'm here.  That's all that counts. Watch... you'll enjoy this... it's like magic...
Where have you been?
I'm gonna put a great big, ear-to-fucking-ear smile on your face.  How 'bout that?
Not like this.  Are you even listening?
There'll be other chances.
Hey now, look!  Let's all get on the same page here.  This shipment is do or die for Zimmermann's syndicate; all or nothing.  If we stop the drugs, we don't even have to catch him red-handed.  He's ruined cause his pushers go broke with nothing to sell.  On the other hand, if we fuck this up, it means more zombies crawling the gutters than ever and a morgue that doesn't have a single empty drawer.  More old ladies getting mugged and molested by junk-hungry needle-freaks, and all the while Zimmermann's sitting back and laughing his head off.
Yes, sir.
Well, shake a leg.  Get these files downstairs...  And, quit listening to your fucking voodoo music.
He went to pick up lunch.
We've been chasing this deal six months, and now you're gonna chuck it out the window?
Can't I?
You can't be serious.
It's noon straight up.  Effective immediately, you three work desk jobs till midnight.
Till the last firework fizzles out tonight, detective, you sit a desk. And, after that, I'll decide if you keep your shield.
Well... seeing how you just suspended me, what's to stop me from calling you a crazy bastard, you old fart?
You're about an inch away from insubordination!
Don't you condescend to tell me how or why to honor Independence Day, and don't tell me I'm overreacting when I'm trying to bust the guy responsible for half the filthy junk coming into this city!
What?
Don't bother.  This behavior's gone on too long.  You're suspended.
I... I think I can... clarify...
No.  Don't open your mouth!  You <U>honestly</U> think you can explain this to my satisfaction?
Well, sir...
And, what... what am I forgetting? Oh, yes... the transvestite junkie whose bullet riddled body came blasting through the front doors of the precinct house!
You think you accomplished something... like you're heroes? Fuck you!   This is meaningless! You'll never win!  You know, as soon as I'm gone... someone's going to take my place.
It's our job.
You fuckers... damn you!  Why?!  Why me!?  Why the obsession with me?
Wave that flag, hero.  Keep dreaming those dreams.
Your poison's not gonna make it into the veins of any kids this time.
I insist.  What will it be?  Boston Tea Party Clam Chowder, or maybe the Chicken Red, White and Cordon Bleu? No...  There's a special on the menu, today only...  ... <U>roasted</U> <U>pig</U>.
Thanks, but we don't recognize "brunch" as an actual meal.
Murderer?  Really?
Just 'cause you belong to some fancy-pants club, doesn't make you any less a murderer.
You bust some small-time pimps, whores and dime-bag junkies, like the world's a better place because you're in it.  And for what, Kittle... two hundred and fifty dollars a week? Tell me, how does anyone get so self-rightious when they can barely afford to pay their rent?
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Thank you for sharing that charming image.
Just wanted to make you aware... before today's over, we'll be standing on top of your mountain of horse and pissing down on you.
What can we do for you, officers? What new, mindless harassments have you planned this morning?
Good.  Thought I was imagining them.
Yeah.
You see that?
Keep 'em busy.
The gang's all here!
Well, that's what I heard, and that's what I choose to believe.
I don't think so.
When you bunch it together, it's exponentially more powerful.  Two sticks have the power of four sticks. Four sticks have the power of sixteen, and so on.
Do tell.
Know what I love about dynamite?
Oh, yeah... the explosion.
So there's nobody around to get killed in the explosion.
Why the beach?
Billy!  Billy!
You John-Wilkes-Booth-ed him.
Who the fuck knows?  We'll find out soon enough.
Think Zimmermann's watching?
Beholden to none.
No more counting the big money for someone else.
There's not even enough places to stash it in a car.
This much powder you don't throw in the trunk with a blanket over it. It's got to be smuggled.
I'm well aware of that.
We're screwed.
It's just a question of how long do we have to slap you silly till you spill the beans.
See... now that we know you know, the hard part's done for us.
You suck at lying, Archie.
Seatbelts fastened, please.
You're... you're not doing what I think you're doing... ?
You mean, besides the warrant out on us for blowing up our commanding officer?
What the hell's his problem?
Who is that... ?
Hey-Ho... !  Maybe we're not alone in this thing after all.
Your wish is my command.
Get his attention.
Maybe it's enough.
Archibald Dobbs; Certified Public Accountant.  But, that's all we got.
Come again... ?
A.D. is a C.P.A.
How'd we do?
Just got here.
Been waiting long?
Sounds good.
Alright... how about you two hit the strip and start knocking some heads together?  Find out who "A.D." is.  I got a quick errand to run.
Gimmie a minute.
If it is, that's pretty high up on the totem pole.  What do you think?
Chalk up another victory for Billy-Boy's one man war on crime.
Dead.
You get him?
Out here.  On your knees.
Alright, flesh-peddler, let's see empty hands!
All for one...
Let's get this thing done.
Whatever goes bang.
Any preferences?
Nothing's broke.  Keep sewing.  And quit pacing, you big ox.  You're making me skittish.
You need a doctor.
Guys... all we've got is each other. Don't we know that by now?
Yeah, my arms healed up real good, and that's how I wanna keep 'em. That's what I'm trying to tell you.
I know it is, even if you don't.
That's not true.
I worked my ass off for my badge, Kittle,  It's the only thing that makes me different from every other slob out there.
I can't believe I'm hearing this,
He's right.  We hit the bricks, we walk back triple-fucked.
What... ?  Not you too?
Is there nothing in this world you enjoy more than the sound of your own voice?
You put your bumper just behind his left tire and then accelerate... make him spin out...
I kinda already figured that, but keep those helpful hints coming.
Get closer!  Don't lose him!
Okay, okay... hold on.  Don't go getting your panties in a knot...
That's right, white bread.  Give it up.  Right now.
Oh yeah?
Can't be worse than you.
You think this is so easy?
You... SUCK!  You almost got us all killed!
No, we are <U>not</U> going to do that.
I'm gonna get beside.  Nena, you're gonna shoot out his tires.
No you're not.
I'm gonna get beside him.
Let's hope.
If they crash, maybe he'll run.  You can shoot him in the leg or something.
Shit.  You're right.
Hold your horses, sweetpea.  We need Butch Cassidy alive, remember?
Don't crowd him.
"Go, go, go!"  "Slow down."  Make up your mind.
Slow down.
We got him.
Absolutely.
Alright?
All I'm saying is, your little Bicentennial mementos would be more accurate if there were no holes in the pepper shaker so the pepper couldn't get out.
Yeah, well... nobody's perfect.  They couldn't go doing everything at once.
Second of all, the Declaration of Independence was all for liberty and equality, but it didn't do anything about slavery, did it?
You know what I mean.
First of all, the Constitution wasn't writtem till 1787...
I just think you should show some respect.  I mean, call me old fashioned, but 200 years ago when Ben Franklin and those guys signed the Constitution and Declaration of Independence, they did that so we could all share in the freedom...
What are you, communist?  At least numb-nuts here has the courtesy to pretend he likes them.
You're the one with the star-spangled hard-on, not me.
You know... you could say thank you.
Yeah... great.
Let me see that...  Not bad.
"Today you have a rare opportunity to make a big difference in your chosen field.  By your able leadership and with great conviction and strength of character, you will come up a winner."
Look out!  Jupiter and Saturn'll get you every fucking time.
Yeah, non-believer?  Here's yours...  "Scorpio, October 24 to November 22: Jupiter is in conflict with Saturn, so proceed with caution..."
Why do you bother with that mumbo-jumbo crap?  Some fruitcake's writing it between bong hits, making it up as he goes, and you're actually taking the time to read it.
Going into Zimmermann's pipeline.
Arriving tonight
You are such a disappointment, Benny.
Pure horse.
Whoops... don't mind me.  Go ahead and finish up.
Pardon me... my mistake.  Taking your thoughts in hand, huh... ?
Well, let me tell you how it is...
The way Zimmermann takes such good care of you and this drug-peddling "escort service" of yours, I figure you got the scoop on the pharmaceuticals arriving tonight.
Yeah?  So, what do you want to ask today that I can't answer?  I'm a busy man.
They're... around.
Where's your pet gorilla and the female Uncle Tom?
That's the problem with expensive tastes... the more you got, the more you got to lose.
This shit was Ming.
So are you, Pop-Sweet.  That's why...
It's one of a kind.
You always did have style.
We're on our way. Red Group, Gold Group, all fighters follow me.  Told you they'd do it!
The shield is down! Commence attack on theDeath Star's main reactor.
We'll last longer then we will against that Death Star...and we might just take a few of them with us.
At that close range, we won't last long against those Star Destroyers.
Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time.
We have no choice, General Calrissian. Our cruisers can't repel firepower of that magnitude.
You won't get another chance at this, Admiral.
We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat.
All right. Stand by.
All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.
Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume attack coordinates.
Admiral, we're in position. All fighters accounted for.
She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have, Luke... but the Force is strong with her, as it is with all of your family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy Vader!
But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her.
Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They do you credit. But they could be made to serve the Emperor.
Leia! Leia's my sister.
Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.
But I have no sister.
The other he spoke of is your twin sister.
Yoda spoke of another.
Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.
I can't kill my own father.
To be a Jedi, Luke, you must confront and then go beyond the dark side - the side your father couldn't get past. Impatience is the easiest door - for you, like your father. Only, your father was seduced by what he found on the other side of the door, and you have held firm. You're no longer so reckless now, Luke. You are strong and patient. And now, you must face Darth Vader again!
But I had to help my friends.
Vader humbled you when first you met him, Luke... but that experience was part of your training. It taught you, among other things, the value of patience. Had you not been so impatient to defeat Vader then, you could have finished your training here with Yoda. You would have been prepared.
I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.
You cannot escape your destiny.
I can't do it, Ben.
I also thought he could be turned back to the good side. It couldn't be done. He is more machine now than man. Twisted and evil.
There's still good in him.
You father was seduced by the dark side of the Force. He ceased to be Anakin Skywalker and became Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your father was destroyed. So what I have told you was true... from a certain point of view.
You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father.
Yoda will always be with you.
I can't do it, Artoo. I can't go on alone.
Who are you?
Jabba's palace.
Where am I?
Your eyesight will return in time.
I can't see.
Shhh. You have hibernation sickness.
His lightsaber.
Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken...about a great many things.
Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and wait for them.
They are clear, my Master.
Strange, that I have not. I wonder if your feelings on this matter are clear, Lord Vader.
I have felt him, my Master.
A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor.
I told you to remain on the command ship.
Yes, my Master.
It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go out to the command ship and await my orders.
What of the reports of the Rebel fleet massing near Sullust?
Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until called for.
What is thy bidding, my Master?
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.
As you wish.
Patience, my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does, you must bring him before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force.
Yes, my Master.
You have done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue your search for young Skywalker.
The Death Star will be completed on schedule.
Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry and use your magic.
Somehow, I got the feeling that didn't help us very much.
Han, don't. It'll be all right.
Hey!
Yeah, sure.
Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out a way to get out of this thing.  Han, can you reach my lightsaber?
Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach.
Come on, Artoo.  We'll need your scanners.
Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300.
We got separated.
I thought she was with you.
Quietly, there might be more of them out there.
Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here.
It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.
I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.
I don't know.  Fly casual.
Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance though, Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep your distance.
Vader's on that ship.
All set.
Right. Chewie, let's see what this piece of junk can do. Ready, everybody?
Yeah, she's comin' up.
You got her warmed?
Hi, Han... Chewie.
Luke.
I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend.
Why don't you leave that crate and come with us?
Oh... great!
Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've taken care of everything.
You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.
There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know.
I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big light blur.
That bad, huh? Where's Leia?
The same as always.
How are we doing?
Wouldn't miss it.
Fine. Together again, huh?
Are you all right?
Luke!
Han!
All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the way.
Yes.
You love him, don't you?
He wasn't. I can feel it.
I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew.
Here's the terminal.
The code's changed. We need Artoo!
Charges!  Come on, come on!
Han! Hurry! The fleet will be here any moment.
Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this.
The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that landing platform. This isn't gonna be easy.
Hold me.
I'm sorry.
Ahhh...
I...
I don't know.
What's going on?
It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.
Shall we try and go around?
It'll work. It'll work.
Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid.
Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.
Hey, are you awake?
That's all any of us can see.
I don't know. All I can see is a lot of blowing sand!
I gotta get you out of here.
Leia!
Someone who loves you.
You, too.
Good luck.
All right, old buddy. You know, I know what she means to you. I'll take good care of her. She-she won't get a scratch. All right?
Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the help you can get. She's the fastest ship in the fleet.
Oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the battle of Taanab.
Well, look at you, a general, huh?
Figured if I left you frozen like that you'd just give me bad luck the rest of my life, so I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later.
Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando.
All right! A little higher! Just a little higher!
It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.
No, wait! I thought you were blind!
Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando.
I'm trying!
Lower it!
Lando, grab it!
Lando!
Han! Chewie?
Let's see.
Oh, Princess Leia, are you all right?
Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing.
My goodness! Artoo, why did you have to be so brave?
Oh, Artoo, hurry!
Come on! Come on!
We're coming!
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
What did he say?
It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.
Proper?!
I beg your pardon, General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper.
Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?
Hello, I think... I could be mistaken. They're using a very primitive dialect.  But I do believe they think I am some sort of god.
What are you telling them?
All right, hang on.
Here we go again.
On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?
In his belly, you will find a new definition of pain and suffering, as you are slowly digested over a thousand years.
You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea and cast into the pit of Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlacc.
Good, I hate long waits.
Oh, dear. His High Exaltedness, the great Jabba the Hutt, has decreed that you are to be terminated immediately.
I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
We shall double our efforts.
That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress.
Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives.
But he asks the impossible. I need more men.
The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation.
I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.
Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.
I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can.
You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you back on schedule.
Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your presence.
Copy, Gold Leader. I'm already on my way out.
All right, Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.
There it is!
Form up. And stay alert. We could run out of space real fast.
Now lock onto the strongest power source. It should be the power generator.
Here goes nothing.
I'm going in.
Now...come on, Han, old buddy. Don't let me down.
Good shot, Red Two.
Red Leader standing by.
All wings report in.
Oh, no.
I'm afraid our furry companion has gone and done something rather rash.
Quiet.
Oh! Oh, my. Uh, Princess Leia!
He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge.
What's he saying?
Your Royal Highness.
Oh!
Ohhh, I can't bear to watch.
Ugh!
Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try.
But, why must you confront him?
No, you don't. You've always been strong.
No! Luke, run away, far away. If he can feel your presence, then leave this place. I wish I could go with you.
Then you know why I have to face him.
I know. Somehow...I've always known.
Yes. It's you Leia.
You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has it...I have it...and...my sister has it.
Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power I--I don't understand and could never have.
There's more. It won't be easy for you to hear it, but you must. If I don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance.
Your father?
He's my father.
Vader is here...now, on this moon.
Luke, tell me. What's troubling you?
I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.
She was very beautiful. Kind, but...sad.  Why are you asking me all this?
Tell me.
Just...images, really. Feelings.
What do you remember?
Just a little bit. She died when I was very young.
Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?
I see them. Wait, Leia!
Over there! Two more of them!
Never-r-r!
Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed her, too. Obi-Wan was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will not turn to the dark side, then perhaps she will.
Give yourself to the dark side. It is the only way you can save your friends. Yes, your thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially for...
I will not fight you.
You cannot hide forever, Luke.
You underestimate the power of the dark side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.
You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before, and I don't believe you'll destroy me now.
There is no conflict.
Your thoughts betray you, father. I feel the good in you...the conflict.
I will not fight you, father.
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force. He is your master now.
Search your feelings, father. You can't do this. I feel the conflict within you. Let go of your hate.
If that is your destiny.
I will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me.
You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master.
Obi-Wan once thought as you do.
Come with me.
So, you have accepted the truth.
I know, father.
The Emperor has been expecting you.
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware.  Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they.  Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
Well, I'm sorry.
Unfortunate that I know the truth?
Unexpected this is, and unfortunate...
Yes.
Told you, did he?
Your father he is.
Yoda, I must know.
No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need.
But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training.
Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the Force.
Master Yoda, you can't die.
Disintegrated?
Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him.
I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can readily...
How many languages do you speak?
Oh. Well, yes.
Yes or no will do.
I am See-Threepio, human-cy...
Ah, good. New acquisitions. You are a protocol droid, are you not?
You are - so quake with fear, you tiny fools.
It's as if we were glued to the spot.
Rocky!
Janet!
Hmmmm.  He'll be in the Zen Room.
He might be.  I don't know.
And now he works for your Government, doesn't he, Brad?  He's attached to the Bureau of Investigation of that which you call U.F.O's.  Isn't he, Brad?
He was a Science Teacher at Denton High.
I know what you told me, Brad. But this Dr Everett Scott.  His name is not unknown to me.
I was telling the truth.
I told you, my car broke down.
I see.  So this wasn't simply a chance meeting.  You came here with a purpose.
On my mother's grave.
You promise you won't tell?
Oh come on, Brad, admit it.  It was enjoyable, wasn't it?  There's no crime in giving yourself over to pleasure.
Like this.  Like how?  It's your fault - you're to blame.  I thought it was the real thing.
Shush.  Janet's probably asleep by now. Do you want her to see you like this?
Ahhh - no - stop - I mean Janet.  Janet.
I know, but it wasn't all bad was it? I think you found it quite pleasurable.  Oh so soft.  So sensual.
You tricked me.  I wouldn't have - I've never - never.
Nothing.  Why do you think I should?
Why you - what have you done with Janet?
I'm afraid so, Brad.  But wasn't it nice?
You!
Oh well.  How about you.  
Certainly not!
Do you have any tattoos Brad.
Janet
Made me give you the eye And then panic,
Janet.
I've one thing to say and that's Dammit, Janet. I love you.
Janet.
So please don't tell me to can it.
Janet.
The future is ours so let's plan it.
If only we hadn't made this journey. If only the car hadn't broken down. If only we were amongst friends or sane persons.
And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to beat again. So give me a sign That a lover makes You look around The one you've found Is back again.
I wanted to be loved completely. My body throbbed excitedly.  Oh Brad, Brad my darling, how could I have done this to you?
So baby don't cry like there's no tomorrow After the night there's a brand new day. And there'll be no pain And no more sorrow. So wash your face And phone my place It'll be O.K.
I could see Brad's face before me and my mind screamed No!  But my lips were hungry - too hungry.
And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to turn to stone The sweeter the wine The harder to make the break You hear something about someone You'd thought you'd known.
I'm engaged to Brad just the same as Betty Monroe was to Ralph Hapschatt. But Frank's kisses overwhelmed me with an ecstacy I've never dreamt of before. Hot, burning kisses.
I hope so my darling.
Janet!  Oh!  Yes it's alright.  Janet. Everything's going to be alright.
Maybe we could try it this way.
Oh don't be so shy.
No, don't do that.
Oh, I hope so my darling.  But let me switch on the light.
It's alright Janet.  Everything's going to be alright.
Oh Brad - Mmmm - Oh yes, my darling - what if...
It's alright Janet.
Brad...
Weiss.
Weiss.
I'm Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Vice.
It's alright Janet, we'll play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right.
Oh Brad.
We'll just say where we are Then go back to the car We don't want to be any worry.
Right!
I'm here, there's nothing to worry about.
Brad - I'm cold, I'm wet, and plain scared.
They're probably foreigners with ways different from our own.  -  They may do some more folk dancing.
This isn't the Junior Chamber of Commerce Brad.
Let's wait awhile Janet.  We don't want to interfere with their celebrations.
Then ask the butler - or someone.
We can't go anywhere until I get to a phone.
Well I want to leave.
It's just a..a party Janet.
But it seems so unhealthy here.
For God's sake keep a grip on yourself Janet.
Brad, please lets get out of here.
Say!  Do any of you guys know the Madison?
Oh....Say something.
Oh, it's probably some kind of hunting lodge for rich weirdos.
Oh Brad, I'm frightened.  What kind of place is this?
Yes.
Yes, the rain has been very heavy.
Just a moment, Janet.  They may have a telephone.
Oh, Brad.  Let's go back.  I'm cold and I'm frightened.
I'm coming with you.  Besides, darling, the owner of the phone might be a beautiful woman and you may never come back.
There's no point both of us getting wet.
I'm coming with you.
Didn't we pass a castle back down the road a few miles?  Maybe they have a telephone I might use.
But where will you go?  We're in the middle of nowhere.
You'd better sit here and keep warm while I go for help.
Oh...
We must have a blow-out.
What was that bang?
Hmmm ... Well, I guess we will have to turn back.
Oh dear!  But then where did the motorcyclists come from?
I think we took the wrong fork a few miles back.
Yes, Janet.  Life's pretty cheap to that type.
Gosh.  That's the third motorcyclist that's passed us.  They certainly take their lives in their hands.  What with the weather and all.
Dammit, Janet.
Oh Brad, I'm mad.
For you.
Oh Janet
Oh Brad.
I really loved the skilful way You beat the other girls To the bride's bouquet.
Uh huh.
I've got something to say.
Yes Brad.
Yes.
And Ralph himself will be in line for promotion in a year or so.
Yes.
Everyone knows Betty's a wonderful little cook.
Yes.
Yes.
Good God.
I most certainly do.  He happens to be an old friend of mine.
You know this earth - this person.
Great scott - Scotty - Dr Everett Scott.
You're wet.
Uh - oh - Hi!  My name is Brad Majors. And this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss.  I - ah - wondered if you could help us.  Our car has broken down about two miles up the road.  Do you have a phone we might use?
Hello.
You must leave now Dr Scott while it's still possible.  We are about to beam the entire house back to the planet of transexual in the galaxy of Transylvania. Go now.
Yes, well perhaps it was for the best.
Dr Scott I'm sorry about your nephew.
You're OK by me.
A decision had to be made.
You did right.
Yes, Dr Scott.  A laser capable of emitting a beam of pure anti-matter.
Great Heavens, that's a laser.
Makes you cry
What guy
Makes you cry
What a guy
Cross my heart and hope to die.
Promise you won't tell Brad.
Well, I'm sure you're not spent yet.
Like this - like how?  It's your fault. You're to blame.  I was saving myself.
Ssssh.  Brad's probably asleep by now. Do you want him to see you like this?
I know.  But it wasn't all bad was it? In fact, I think you found it quite pleasurable. Mmmmm so soft, so sensual.
You tricked me - I wouldn't have - I've never - never
Nothing.  Why, do you think I should?
You beast, you monster, what have you done with Brad?
I didn't make him for you
Well.    I don't like men with...er, with too many, muscles.
Cards for sorrow, Cards for pain.
Dealing
Free to try and find a game
Wheeling
Like I'm outside in the rain
Feeling
Smile and that will mean I may
Oh my, my,
Want to come again and stay
Now I
Was all I had to say
Goodbye
On the day I went away.
So come up to the Lab.
"Transylvania"
From Transexual Transylvania.
"Sweet Transvestite"
Sha la la la That ain't no crime - That ain't no crime.
No no no no.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.
No no no no.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime. That ain't no crime.
No no no no.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.
Oh no no no no.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime - That ain't no crime.
No no no, no no.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.
Oh, no no, no no.
My high is low. I'm dressed up With no place to go.
That ain't no crime
And left from my dreaming Was a feeling Of un-nameable dread.
The delivery boy.
Who's Eddie?
Oh.
The Master is not yet married.  Nor do I think he ever will be.  We are simply his servants.
Oh, lucky him.
No.  You've arrived on a rather special night.  It's one of the master's affairs.
Are you - giving a party?
You're too kind.
I think you had better both come inside.
And our World will do the Time Warp again.
But it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane.
Ah - sweet Transexual - land of night - to sing and dance once more to your dark refrains.  To take that step to the right...
Our noble mission is almost completed my most beautiful sister, soon we will return to the moon-drenched shores of our "androgenous" planet.
They didn't like me.  They never liked me.
I thought you liked them.  They liked you.
Creature of the night.
Creature of the night.
C'mon, it's true -- But that don't bother me -- I just wanna prove somethin' -- I ain't no bum... It don't matter if I lose... Don't matter if he opens my head... The only thing I wanna do is go the distance -- That's all. Nobody's ever gone fifteen rounds with Creed. If I go them fifteen rounds, an' that bell rings an' I'm still standin', I'm gonna know then I weren't just another bum from the neighborhood...
Don't say that.
It ain't so bad, 'cause I was a nothin' before --
Oh, Rocky -- you worked so hard.
...I dunno.
What're we going to do?
I been watchin' the movies -- studyin' -- He ain't weak nowhere.
Yeah, I can't beat him.
Apollo?
...I can't beat him.
...What?
...Can't do it.
I gotta go out for a while.
Is everything all right?
I don't want ya cleanin' nobody else's cages no more.
What did you say about a pet shop?
...What?
What was that you said about a pet shop?
Yeah...
Rocky, do you realize everybody in this country knows your face, and after the fight everybody in the world is going to.
...Yes --
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
...What's to say? I dunno what he wants from me --
...Are you going to say anything to him?
Yo -- I ain't mad. I'm just outta joint when reporters are around -- They take cheap shots an' Paulie knows it.
Don't be mad at him -- He just wants to help.
Yeah... Threw my whole day off.
...And he called the reporters --
Ya right --  Mebbe we best just hold hands -- the shirt made me feel guilty, y'know.
I thought it might be cute.
Yeah... But I think weak legs ain't bad sometimes, y'know.
-- The legs.
Can't fool around -- You look very great.
Don't want weak legs.
Adrian, you really look great, y'know -- But I can't fool around durin' trainin' -- makes the legs weak.
No... Sharp -- You look great.
Really -- You don't think they're overly feminine?
Sharp -- Real nice.
Like?
They either say, 'Kill the nigger' or 'Hope you die, Honky.' -- What ya got in the bag?
Don't you open them anymore?
It did.
Yes.
Y'know how I said that stuff on television didn't bother me?
I'll be waiting.
'Bout seven.
Absolutely -- What time should I expect you?
Ya puttin' me on, right?
I don't know -- I was shocked. Why did you do that?
How'd ya like hearin' ya name on TV?
Don't tease me.
I always knew you was pretty.
Could ya take off that hat.
...What?
Do me another favor?
...T-thank you.
The glasses... Please.
What?
Would ya take off your glasses?
But I'm willin' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation.
I should leave.
Yo, I'm not comfortable either.
I'm not sure I know you well enough -- I don't think I'm comfortable.
They're all the same.
...I've never been in a man's apartment before.
It's all right -- You're my guest.
No, I don't belong here.
It's okay.
I don't think I belong here.
What's the problem? You don't like me -- Don't like the turtles -- What is it?
It's not that --
It's only temporary.
It's fine.
What's the matter? Ya don't like the room?
I'll call your brother.
I think he might be worried.
Why?
Yes.
You sure?
Yes, I do.
D'you really wanna call?
I wanna let my brother know where I am.
I had it pulled. People callin' all the time.  Who needs it -- Who'd you wanna call?
Do you have a phone?
...Oh, yeah, I bought the whole kit -- Yeah, ya sold me the turtles, the bowl, an' the mountain -- I had to get rid of the mountain 'cause they kept fallin' off.
I sold them to you.
Here's the guys I was tellin' ya about -- This is Cuff an' Link.
...No thanks.
Would ya like a glass of water?
'Cause you can't sing or dance?
...Guess.
Why do you do it if it hurts so bad?
After a rough fight, ya' nothin' but a large wound. Sometimes I feel like callin' a taxi to drive me from my bed to the bathroom... Ya' eyes hurt, ya' ears hurt, ya' hair even hurts... But the thing I'm proud of is I been in over sixty fights an' never had a busted nose -- Bent an' twisted an' bitten but never broke... That's rare.
Morning after?
...I'm at least half a bum. Yeah, fightin' is a crazy racket. The roughest part is the mornin' after.
I don't think you're a bum.
Ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug... It's a racket where ya' almost guaranteed to end up a bum.
...It is just hard for me to understand why anybody wants to be a fighter.
Then why did I bother bringin' it up? 'Cause I'm dumb, that's why... Y'know, I think we make a real sharp coupla coconuts -- I'm dumb an' you're shy.
It doesn't bother me either.
Some people think bein' shy is a disease, but it don't bother me.
...I suppose.
I would say you're very shy by nature.
...I suppose.
Some people are very shy by nature.
My mother told me just the opposite. She said, 'You weren't born with much of a body so you'd better develop your brain.'
What's funny?
By accident?
Y'know how I got started in the fight racket?
Ohh!
I just dislocated my finger.
Absolutely.
But you never had a chance to prove yourself.
And you never got the chance?
Ain't skated since I was fifteen -- That's when I started fightin' -- gotta watch the ankles. Yeah, fightin' use to be tops with me, but no more. All I wanted to prove was I weren't no bum -- That I had the stuff to make a good pro.
...Aren't you skating?
I think mebbe we're early or somethin' --
I think it's closed.
Looks quiet, y'know.
To you, to me it's Thursday.
It's Thanksgiving.
...Goodnight, Rocky.
Hey, how's my buddy doin'?  -- Nice dog -- Well, I'll see ya later.
Shell-shocked!
...I don't know.
I smack 'em hard on the shell an' they get... What?
Ain't your fault -- Here's the problem.
...I'm sorry.
Me, I'm kinda aggravated.
...Fine.
...How's the turtle food this week?
You a virgin? -- Ya let 'im in ya pants, didn't ya!  Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it, didn't ya!!
What?!
You busted?!
Good? Good, Paulie?! I've been treatin' you like a baby. Since I can't remember it's so long -- I'm the only one who feeds you an' puts you in bed when ya can't stand up -- and it's you that made me feel like a loser -- That's what ya use to call me 'Loser' -- What kind of name is that? So can ya blame me for not remembering to talk about you when I'm with Rocky -- I don't owe you, Paulie, you owe me.
You owe me an' are supposed to treat me good!
Owe you what?
Get away from me -- I could never even get married 'cause you couldn't live by yaself -- ya'd die by yaself! So instead I put you two together -- Did ya think of puttin' in a good word for me? -- You owe me!
Don't do that again!
I always seen ya had the best, but did ya ever think of puttin' in a good word for me with this scumbag!
You gave me what?! Knots! You gave me knots in here every day -- you made me scared of everything!
You forget what I went through to give ya the best.
Only a pig would say that!
I want 'im outta here --  Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo?  That's what I think of bums like you an' Gazzo!  You're goin' up an' don't care enough to throw Paulie some crumbs!  I give ya meat, an' I give ya my sister, too!
...Paulie. Stop now!
Get outta my life both of ya's.
Don't talk like that to him!
You ain't no friend no more -- Go home! Outta my house I want ya!
It's not your house --
Shutup! I want nothin' -- I ain't no charity case! Get outta my house!
Paulie!
Nothin'! I want nothin' from you!!!
Roosevelt finished last in his class -- Beethoven was deaf, an' Helen Keller was blind -- I think Rocky has a good chance.
That so.
Einstein flunked out of school... twice.
You didn't!
Christ.
Oh, Rocky!
Paul.
Do me a favor -- His lungs, punch 'em out.
Paulie, it's Thanksgiving. I've gotta turkey in the oven.
Why?
I can't go out.
Don't get wise with me. I want ya to stop bein' a loser.
...Like you?
Hey, I want ya out instamaticly. -- I'm sicka lookin' at ya hangin' around like a friggin' spider -- Go out -- Live! Do, enjoy life.
Paulie, please --
Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'.
No... I can't!
Like it would make a difference if you were, right? This guy's a friend and now he's takin' ya out.
...Paulie, why didn't you tell me you were bringing him home?! Look at me, I'm not ready for this.
...Thanks.
Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best!
...Stop jivin'!
Don't kill yourself, man -- Let the doctor stop the fight.
One more round.
Yo' bleedin' inside, man -- Get that doctor.
No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro!
You're hurtin', man!
No doctor!
Get that doctor.
My side.
Luck! You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad.  More ice, now!
He got lucky.
He's movin' to your left -- don't let him no more -- dance and stick, hear? Don't play -- I know what ya feelin', but don't play.
...That man's takin' his job too serious.
People nothin', you in a fight, my man, -- ya best believe what you hear... Knock that boy out soon an' let's go home.
Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight.
Don't play with this man, he's fightin' hard -- Let 'em feel some real heat!
I'll carry him 'till the third.
Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear?
...That boy damn near broke my arm.
Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!!
I don't like you messin' with southpaws -- They do everything wrong.
Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit.
He won't last one round.
...I don't feel heat from the name.
Too old, dull fighter.  Bobby Judge is a good boy.
Give my main man a raise!!
You's the novelty, Champ!
I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty.
Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on.  Who discovered America? An Italian, right? So, man, what could be better than to get it on with one of his ancestors --
Rocky Balboa -- His record's poor --
'The Italian Stallion' -- He's my man.
...This man.
Exactly what are you looking for, Apollo?
...Still don't feel no heat.
Joe Zack is a good prospect -- Exciting boy.
How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith?
Fouls.
How 'bout this Billy Snow?
No, man, it's very smart.
...It's very American.
Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time. On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight me a local poor underdog, dig? A snow-white underdog. An' I'm gonna put his face on this poster with me, hear? An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday. Now that's the way I see it an' that's the way I want it!!
Apollo, I'm sure there's a way to salvage this.
Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid. They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they don't have to be the chump that's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world!!
Shaw's fighting in South America -- Why not postpone the bout until July Fourth?
Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth.
I contacted Ernie Roman's manager, he's fighting in France the same week.
You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man!
I suppose we could cancel the fight indefinitely if you are set on fighting Green.
Damn.
...Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!!
Any quick advice for young boxing hopefuls?
Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them.
Where're you off to now?
The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the first major event of our two hundredth year.
Still to be held in Philadelphia?
That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence!
You're referring to the much publicized bicentennial fight?
He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month.
Apollo, how would you rate this last British challenger, Henry Wilcoxson?
Very high an' very fast.
How was the flight, Champ?
Move your shoulders down.
Kiss my ass.
Don't like yours neither.
I don't like ya face.
Does that bum have to say that?
Take 'er to the zoo -- Retards like the zoo.
She ain't retarded, she's shy.
Hear she's retarded.
...Of the truck that run over your face.
Of wa?
Did ya get the license number?
Pull heat on me? -- I'll dent ya face!
We'll kill you, man -- We gotta gun.
Buy us some Thunderbird, man.
...That's an old one.
Hey, give Rocky a dime.
No dollar.
'Cause we dig ya, man -- Gimme a dollar.
Why?
Yo, Rock, gimme a dollar.
No wine.
C'mon, man, it's cold, man.
...No wine -- Bad for ya' brain.
Yo, Rocks, buy us sum wine, man.
Charge it.
...How 'bout for the Cokes?
I must be goin' deaf 'cause I thought ya said, 'ten cents.'
That's ten bucks.
Yeah -- My ol' man who was never the sharpest told me -- I weren't born with much brain so I better use my body.
Here -- Three minutes.
This guy is beautiful -- get the Cokes.
Cost ya a buck.
How 'bout some Cokes?
Six!
It ain't your fault -- I originally done it in the Baby Crenshaw fight.  That's me fightin' Big Baby Crenshaw -- Big Baby was the size of an airplane an' I broke my hands on his head -- I lost, but it's a nice picture, don't ya think?
Seven minutes!
Hey, I ain't cryin'... I still fight. Kinda do it like a hobby. See I'm a natural southpaw an' most pugs won't fight a southpaw 'cause we mess up their timin' an' look awkward -- Southpaw means lefthanded... But I guess in the long run things probably worked out for the best, right?
Nine minutes!
...Yeah, give 'er the Blades.
Ten minutes for ten dollars.
...Ten minutes.
Few minutes?
Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise --
This a con?
Listen, I gotta problem. This girl ain't feelin' well, y'know -- The doctor says she should exercise, y'know once in awhile an' ice skatin' is the best thing --
Yo, pal, what's with you -- The place ain't operatin'.
Wait here, gotta smooth this guy out.
Hey, the rink is empty 'cause we're closed -- ya ain't allowed in here so do me a favor an' not stay here.
Are ya closed to the General Public or to just everybody.
Hey, whatta ya doin' here -- we're closed... Yo, we're closed!
Not only has he refused to fall, but he has beaten the Champion's body without mercy and the bout has become a vicious slugfest.
Without a doubt this is the most punishing brawl I have ever seen -- The ringside audience is spotted with blood. This fight should have been stopped rounds ago but Rocky Balboa refuses to fall --
No way -- but the brilliant ability of the Champion to master situations like this is one of his most outstanding traits -- Creed tosses a perfect right hand that rocks Rocky. Creed on the offensive -- Balboa takes the punishment and counters with a left flush over the heart... that hurt.
There's no way Apollo expected this kind of hitting power.
Apollo almost sprints out of his corner -- feints and throws a pair of left-right combinations. Balboa drops beneath a left upper cut and lands a very solid shot on Creed's temple -- not much movement from Balboa, duck a left, a right, another left and explodes with a right hook to the temple -- I mean explodes. The Champ backs off.
Round three ready to start and should be interesting to see if Creed can put the challenger away -- there goes the bell.
If you had asked anyone who knows boxing, they never would've predicted a first round knockdown and the second round punishment to the body of the Champion... Most fighters will tell you, receiving a good body punch is the next worst thing to dying.
Creed is down!!!
The Champion is smiling and toying with the man -- trying to give the fans their money's worth and make a show of it with the badly out-classes challenger -- Another left to right combination. I feel sorry for --
The Champ stings the slower challenger with jabs at will -- Balboa blocks eighty percent of the blows with his face -- Creed doesn't look the best he's ever been but is moving smoothly -- Creed snaps out a triple combination that backs Balboa into a corner -- oh, a solid hook by Creed, a master of fist-men.
I agree.
It's been confirmed that it is definitely an impersonation of George Washington -- a great way to start 1976 off.
Am I seeing right? Creed is approaching the ring in a boat. Is he supposed to be George Washington? Obviously so.
You could go deaf with the noise -- it undoubtedly means Champion Apollo Creed is heading towards the ring --
I only wonder if this man has the skill to go past three rounds -- Vegas odds say, 'no.'
Thank you, Bob. The electricity is everywhere tonight. Rocky Balboa, a fifty-to-one underdog, is living a Cinderella story which has captured peoples' imaginations all over the world -- to quote a popular sports magazine, 'The fighting style should be 'The Caveman Against the Cavalier.' From the increase in sound it appears the challenger is now approaching the ring... His record is forty-four wins, twenty losses and thirty-eight knockouts.
We would like to welcome our viewing audience to the Grand World Championship Bicentennial Heavyweight Fight -- the first major event of the Bicentennial Year... A point of interest is that the fight is being beamed to more than seven hundred and fifty million fans in theatres in nearly every corner of the world. I would like to welcome an old friend, and co-commentator for this evening's event -- Jimmy Michaels.
Not yellow, cautious.  See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt --
Yo' yellow, old man.
Don't mouth me, old man, I'll knock yo' out too. C'mon, wop, spar me, let everybody see who's got the heat around here.
Why let Rocky here take a chance on cuttin' or breakin' a hand? -- Take a shower, Dipper.
Yo' know I iz the best man here! Yo' said so yoself!
You can forget about sparring, kid.
I'm happenin'! This pig is takin' my shot -- I iz a contender. He's nothin'.
What's happenin' here?
I say ya nothin'!
Waits! -- Be smart. Ya don't have to break nothin' -- Here, take my coat, it's worth fifty-sixty dollars. It's yours.
Ya still light seventy.
I know the juice is climbin' -- I been workin' six months just to pay the damn interest.
...The juice is climbin' every week.
You have my food in ya hand.
What about for food an' stuff?
That's it.
That's it? -- Completely?
That's it, I'm broke.
A hundred an' thirty.
Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man... Me, I ain't emotionally involved.
Bob.
What's ya name again?
Please, I need my hands to work -- Christ, don't bust my thumbs.
Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb.
Honest to God I'm broke -- Gimme a break.
Mr. Gazzo wants the two hundred now!
Don't hit the face! Not the face!!
Where else am I gonna go.  Bet three grand on Rocky.
Yo, you gonna show, Tony?
Same thing. Ya know, Rock, remember when we was kids, we fought together. An' I wasn't well an' ya had to beat up that Irish kid -- what's his name? -- Gallager -- I bought a suit and became a businessman. You put on gloves. An' I remember Mama almost cried, may she rest in peace -- an' our ol' man who said ya had no brains --I'd like to lay hands on that bastard. You ain't never had any luck. Even when I owned you in '66 you never had luck. But now I think you might be gettin' some luck kid. Whatta you think?
Black market?
Sure, you do what ya want. Stay away from the stock market.
I'm gonna do somethin with it.
Ya gettin 150 grand killer. Ya got any plans for it? Whatta ya think? Ya like to put it on the street, make it work for ya?
No action.
Listen, kid, I'm with ya. Ya know, I'm with ya -- Italian, we're blood. You kill this rug -- We Guinneas gotta show these Afro-Americans where it's at. Give it your best shot cause I want ya to prove to these bums on the corner that my man can't be beat by this rug... Ya got any action on the side.
Gonna try.
Does Santa Claus charge juice? Merry Christmas -- Now, how's about my present, ya gonna win?
Do I have to pay juice?
Here's five hundred -- Put it in your glove.
A few bucks.
Take your shot, kid -- You got money for trainin' expenses?
I feel bad about walkin'.
Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it.
Y'know I won't be able to work for ya no more.
Thanks, Mr. Gazzo.
Here's fifty bucks -- You an' the girl have a nice time.
Yeah.
Buddy's got a thing against ya, Rock. Some people just hate for no reason, y'know.
He's always in a bad mood.  Count ya blessin's. Ya a healthy person -- ya legs work -- ya hands work --
Buddy's in a bad mood -- prostate problems.
Paulie's sister.
You think I don't hear things?
How'd you know?
Hey, screw ya brain on right. Now, who's this girl you're going out with tonight?
Ya sure?
No, two yards from Snyder, an' a grand from Cappoli.
Next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder. An' Thursday two yards from Cappoli, okay?
It don't matter. It's my reputation. These guys think they can get off light. It's bad for my reputation -- It's bad for business. See ya killer.
I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin' no more.
Yo Rock. Did I give you a job this mornin? How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya? When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid.
...Fine.
Tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- He's late three weeks. How'd you do last night?
Sure, Rocky, Bob's good for it...
He only had a hundred an' thirty. -- I think he's good for the rest next week, Mr. Gazzo.
Not spar, I'm asking whether you would be interested in fighting Creed for the championship.
Sure, an' I'm smart enough to know that no sparrin' partner should take cheap shots at the Champ. He's just there to help condition the man.
Did you hear what I said?
...Like I said, I'd make a boss sparrin' mate.
Rocky, would you be interested in fighting Apollo Creed for the Championship?
I wouldn't take no cheap shots. I'd be a good sparrin' partner.
What?
Absolutely -- Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor -- y'know what?
I'm sure you are.
I know ya need sparrin' partners -- I'm very available.
Excuse me.
Sparrin'?
Rocky, would you be interested in --
No -- Just me.
Rocky, do you have any representation? A manager?
Rocky.
Mr. Balboa --
...Thanks.
Hello, Mr. Balboa -- I'm Miles Jergens -- Please, have a seat.
'Night, Marie.
Goodnight, Rocky.
Ya, somethin' like that.
Ya hope I don't keep acting like a whore or I'll turn into one, right?
What was I gonna say?
I won't.
Listen, I hope ya don't --
Yo, a bad reputation -- Twenty years from now people will say 'D'you remember Marie?' 'No, who was she?' 'She was that little whore who hung out at the Atomic Hoagie Shop.' 'Oh, now I remember!'... See, they don't remember you, they remember the rep.
What?
That doesn't matter -- You don't really have to be a whore, just act like one an' that's it.
C'mon, Rocky. I'm twelve.
'Cause that's the way guys are -- They laugh when ya talk dirty. They think ya cute for a while, but then ya getta reputation an' watch out. Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious. Ya get no respect... I gotta use a bad word -- Whore. You'll end up maybe becomin' a whore.
Why?
Nobody likes garbage -- Anyway, this girl with the dirty mouth wasn't bad lookin', but the guys wouldn't take her out for any serious datin'.
Maybe I like garbage.
Makes your breath like garbage.
I like yella teeth.
Make your teeth yella --
...Yeah.
Hey! When I was your age, there was only one girl who talked like that in the whole neighborhood.
I like 'em. If you don't you can f --
How come ya wanna hang out with those guys? They teach ya bad things.
Don't you never say that --  -- You guys talk like that in front of a little girl -- You guys are scum.
Stuff it, man!
What?
Hey --
Did these guys teach you to talk dirty? Huh?
...Screw you, yoyo.
What'd you say?
...Screw you.
Yo, can I have my locker back?
I don't care what they say, you're a winner.
Great, kid, great.
How I look out there, Mick?
...Yeah.
Would you keep goin'?
Wanna keep goin'?
See what?
Gimme the water! Ya gettin' tagged with his right. I think you should feint left and high hook 'im -- Benny, check the eyes! Can ya see?
Fine... That guy's great.
How you holdin' up, kid?
Why don't ya tell 'im you're a fan!
...The guy's great.
Can't hardly tell. Don't swallow the blood -- Go for his ribs. Don't let 'im breathe.
Damn! How's it look?
Ya nose is broke.
Breathe deep -- Keep ya chin down!! Use the legs and drive through 'im. Attack -- Attack -- Attack!
See how fast he is -- damn!
Real good.
How am I doin'?
Thanks, Mick -- I'm gonna try.
God bless ya, Rock.
Whatta ya think that outfit cost?
Don't let 'im get you tight.
...Shrewd.
I get the robe an' Paulie gets three grand.
Whatta you get outta this?
...I'm doin' it for a friend.
Don't you care what the people will say?
Check the eyes, Ben.
Yo, Benny.
What cha say, Benny -- Meet 'The Rock.' This is our cutman, Benny Stein.
I never had good footwork.
Tie it to both ankles -- Leave two feet slack.
Rocky, I'm seventy-six years old. Maybe you can be the winner I never was -- your shot is my last shot!
I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance.
If ya was wantin' my help, why didn't ya ask? Just ask.
Whatever I got, I always got on the slide. This shot's no different. I didn't earn nothin' -- I got it on the slide... I needed ya help about ten years ago when I was startin', but ya never helped me none.
Please, kid.
I got pain an' experience too.
Look, you can't buy what I know. Ya can't. I've seen it all! I got pain an' I got experience.
The fight's set -- I don't need a manager.
I'm sorry, I -- I made a mistake. Kid, I'm askin' man to man. I wanna be ya manager.
...Ya gave Dipper my locker.
Respect, I always dished ya respect.
Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker.
Ya got heart.
Really think so?
Yeah, ya kinda remind me of the Rock. Ya move like 'im.
Nobody ever said that -- There's his picture.
Ya got a good mind for dates.
I done it all. I've done an' seen everything'. Believe what I'm tellin' ya -- Ya shoulda seen the night in Brooklyn, I smacked 'Ginny' Russo outta the ring, September 14, 1923 -- same night Firpo knocked Dempsey outta the ring. But who got the Press? He did. He had a manager -- September 14, 1923.
...What?
Rocky, d'ya know what I done?
How 'bout a glass of water?
Fifty years. The rep is known around Philly, an' a good rep can't be bought, but I don't have to tell you that.
Fifty years, huh.
I'm here tellin' ya to be very smart with this shot. Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance.
Turtles -- domestic turtles.
Whatta' those?
Freak luck is a strange thing.
Look at all them other fighters. Real good boys. Good records. Colorful. Fight their hearts out for peanuts -- But who cared? Nobody. They got it shoved in their back door. Nobody ever give them a shot at the title...
Freak luck for sure.
What's happened is freak luck.
Yeah.
Listen, Rock, you're a very lucky guy.
I'm usta seein' ya at the gym, but seein' ya here, in my house, it's kinda outta joint.
How do you mean?
Best seat in the house -- Hey, Mick, this is too much.
Hey, Mickey -- Whatta ya doin' here? Here, sit down.
I seen the light. I figure somebody was home.
...I said that before.
Probably lookin' for sparrin' partners.
'Bout an hour ago.
When was they here?
Here's the card?
Ya puttin' me on?
A Rep from Miles Jergens' Promotions was lookin' for ya -- They need sparrin' partners for Creed.
Message -- What message?
Did ya get the message, kid?
Yeah, sure.
Think about it.
...No.
Hey, ever think about retirin'?
Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it.
Ya want the truth -- Ya got heart, but ya fight like an ape -- The only thing special about you is ya never got ya nose broke -- keep ya nose pretty -- what's left of ya brain an' retire.
Ain't they?
You think everybody I fight is a bum.
Rice is a bum.
Spider Rice.
...Who'd ya fight?
Yeah, Kayo.
Did ya win?
Yeah --
...Did ya fight last night?
Yeah, they're goin', -- that's nature... That was my locker for six years.
The legs must be goin'.
Twenty-five, thirty -- What's the difference? -- It took me two months to learn the combination of that locker.
More like thirty.
Come July, twenty-five.
How old?
...What?
How old are ya?
Facts is facts. I run a business here -- I'm cleanin' house --
...Tomato?
Dipper's a climber -- You're a tomato.
Dipper needed it.
I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker?
Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes to be a champ -- He's mean, quick, an' big -- What more d'ya need? Okay, go to work...  Hey -- Yeah -- Whatta ya want?
Yeah.
Do you see me talkin'? Huh?
I said, how ya feelin'?
...What?
Hey, how ya feelin', Mickey?
I don't care what nobody says, this bum Creed woulda never made it in the Thirties --
Open my eyes -- Please, open my eyes!
No more, ya wanna lose an eye? No more.
He ain't losin' nothin'.
Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam.
'Bout what?
Hey, Rock -- What happened?
Creed's great.
Yeah -- See the fight last night? Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad.
You were ready to bite that guy's face.
Listen, I'm with you -- But ya gotta talk to Mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there.
Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more?
It ain't your locker no more.
Yo, Mike -- What's happenin' here?
We're not responsible for animals left over thirty days -- We board it ain't a animal shelter, Y'know... Adrian, I want you to clean all those cat cages downstairs, they're a mess. 
The owner was suppose to pick him up three weeks ago.
Bullmastiff.
...What kinda dog is this again?
Ain't had time to check 'em.
How's Butkus this mornin'?
Inventin' jokes ain't easy.
Startin' with the bad jokes early today, huh.
What break? Huh? What break! Who am I to give breaks! I'm a fighter, you haul meat. You do what you do an' I do what I do best -- that's it -- that's life, man!
Christ, I been beggin' ya for a break until I'm sick inside.
What can I do about it?
...I can't haul meat no more.
...It's cold outside, Paulie.
Outta my house I want ya!!
I thought I was doin' ya a favor -- C'mon inside -- Y'know, my sister really likes ya.
Yo, what's with you? -- It was suppose to be private.
To see ya train.
Whatta these guys want?
Yo, Rock. I made a few phone calls an' thanks to me ya goin' to be a big man -- Thatta dog?
C'mon, ya screwin' her?
Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister.
You ballin' her?
She got gaps. I got gaps -- together we fill the gaps.
What gaps?
I dunno -- she fills gaps.
What's the attraction? I don't see it?
Sure I like her.
Ya really like her?
The story -- what's happenin'?
What?
Ain't sure, what's the story?
Whatta you think?
Y'know, d'ya think you an' my sister -- Ah, doin' good together?
Keep this job, ya eat better.
How 'bout you talk to 'em about me?  Please do me that favor.
Gazzo's a good man.
If ya don't pay Gazzo, ya end up hangin' on the hook, right?
...No.
I got whiskey here.
...Tight.
How ya feelin'?
Without havin' good people around, ya won't have such a good chance.
Hey, who cared about me yesterday, huh? Nobody -- I think I'm gonna train myself.
Ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise, mebbe somebody to be standin' by with a towel or run errands, y'know.
I'll do okay.
Y'know, to help keep ya livin' clean.
Help what?
Yo, Rock -- now ya'll be lookin' for people to help, right?
It don't bother me none.
He's takin' cheap shots.
It don't matter.
Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool? -- I'd break his lips.
Why?
I didn't want no turkey anyway.
Ice skate.
What's ya sister like to do?
Try again, c'mon, try again.
...Maybe I better forget it.
Forget nothin' -- Here, talk to my sister, tell 'er somethin' nice.
Maybe ya better forget it.
!! Ya want the bird, go out in the alley an' eat the bird -- I want ya outta the house -- Enjoy ya friggin' life... Ya hungry, Rock?
Yeah, sure -- She's very excited.
Ya sister knows I'm comin'?
Gazzo's gotta come to you -- Hey, Paulie, it's a bad job -- Do what you do now.
I'm askin' ya to go to him -- As a favor.
Gazzo's gotta come to you.
Do me a favor -- Talk to Gazzo. Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job... Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector... Bustin' bones don't bother me -- Tell him I'm a good worker.
Maybe another job is the best thing.
I don't need a doctor, I need a different job.
Maybe ya should see a doctor.
Inflamed joints -- Walkin' in an' out of a freezer carryin' meat plays hell on the joints.
Look at my hands -- See how the joints are swollen.
What kinda business?
I hate the friggin' game... I'd like to talk some business.
I usta be deadly at half-ball.
Absolutely...
Tomorrow you come for some bird, right?
...Sure.
The girl's dryin' up! She's gotta live a little before her body dries up!! You're a pal, Rock -- How 'bout yo' talk to her? Y'know, it's Thanksgivin' tomorrow.
Let's get outta this stink.
I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror.
I don't see no crowd around you, neither.
An' you're dyin' alone, too.
I'm thirty myself.
She's a loser -- She don't enjoy life -- She reads -- Brainy -- Pushin' thirty friggin' years old!  She's gonna die alone if she don't wise up.
...Adrian ain't sharp.
Ya always in a bad mood --
Ya caught me in a bad mood.
Don't get mental, man.
Sometimes she gets me so crazy, I'd like to split her head with a razor.
Hey --
My sister's a friggin' loser.
Yeah, like I was a plate of leftovers -- Somethin' wrong with my face -- Whatta I need, a Caddy to connect with ya sister?
Looks, huh?
Every mornin', every night I pass by -- I smile. I say jokes. Nothin'. She looks at me.
Forget her. You could do better than my sister.
Your sister's givin' me the shoulder.
What?
Yo, Paulie.
Yo, Rocky -- Look at this mirror. I'd like to kill the friggin' moron who broke this mirror.
Yo, Paulie.
Derogatory? Yeah, he's great.
Do you have anything derogatory to say about the Champion?
I'll tear his head off.
Maybe --
Do you feel you have a chance?
Apollo's a great fighter.
We can cut that out later. Apollo Creed says he'll let you stay three rounds before he puts you away.
How're you preparing for this Bicentennial bout?
...People talk to me more.
So much has happened lately -- Has it changed your life style much?
Listen, I wanna say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian!
And now your payday will be one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Any comment?
Four hundred -- But that was a long time ago.
Is it true the most you've ever made in a prizefight is five hundred dollars?
Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can.
How will you fight Apollo Creed?
Feel? I dunno... Happy.
This is your largest payday ever -- How do you feel about it?
So what's your next move, Valiant?
Well, I'll be...
No.  But neither does Roger.  That's Diablo Red.  Roger's pants are Sunrise Orange.
My problem is I got a fifty-year-old lust and a three-year-old dinkie.
Oh, a ladies man, huh?
Yeah...
You serve martinis, doncha?
We don't serve formula. Snookums.
Yeah?  Does he wear pants this color?
My hunch is it was Maroon.  He always was after Acme's property.
Somebody took it from him.  That's what this whole thing's about.
So where is it then?
And another thing, the paper said no will was found.  But every Toon knows Acme had a will and, in it he promised to leave Toontown to the Toons.
C'mon, Valiant, doesn't this whole thing smell a bit funny to you?  I mean, no offense, but how did a mucky-muck like R.K. Maroon find you in the first place?
My problem is I come here to drink in peace.  So if you don't mind...
You don't believe that.  I mean. the guy's an idiot, a moron, a complete fool...  but he'd never kill anyone. I know the guy.
You mean the rabbit?  They got him cold.
Yeah, I had to go slummin'.  See, a friend of mine's bein' framed.
I know who you are.  Kinda out of your neighborhood, aren't you?
Make it dry.  Baby doesn't like to be wet.  You're Valiant, right?  The name's Baby Herman.
Sounds like you ve never seen her, Eddie.
Big on the musical comedy, huh?
He comes here every night to see Jessica Rabbit.
Shoulda guessed.
That's Marvin Acme, the gag king.
Yeah, you still got it, Betty.  Who's Mr. Jocularity?
Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color.  But I still got it, Eddie...  'Boop boop be-doop'.
Wish I could say the same.  What're you doin' here, Betty?
Gee, it's swell to see you, Eddie.  We miss you in Toontown.
I'm not worried about you.  I'm worried about the safe.
Don't worry about me.  I can take it.
I've already dropped it on you twenty-three times.
Please, Raoul.  I can give you stars, I know I can.  Just drop the safe on my head one more time.
That's right, a tweeting bird.  But what does the script say?  'Rabbit gets conked.  Rabbit sees <u>stars</u>!'  Not birds, stars!
A tweeting bird?
What's this, Roger?
Familiar.  Be careful, Eddie.
That'll work out just fine.  When this thing is over, I'll take you to Catalina.  How does that sound?
Yeah... they closed me down for a coupla weeks.
What've I got to lose?  You okay, Dolores?
Are you gonna call him, Eddie?
I'll bet.
I was hopin' you'd be there.  Maroon's called here about four times.  He says he's gotta talk to you tonight.  He says he can help you.
Oh, no...
Sounds like singin'.
What's that comin' from the bar?
Got me.  But unless the will shows up by Friday midnight, it's theirs.
What the hell would they want with a gag factory?
Nope.  It's that Cloverleaf outfit again.
Maroon, right?
I just stopped by to tell you that I checked out the Acme probate.
Probably lookin' for a good place to stick a knife.
The rabbit's wife?  Wanna tell me what she was doin' with her arms around you?
<u>That</u> was the rabbit's wife.
What was <u>that</u>?
Yeah, do that.  I'm gonna go rattle Maroon's cage.
Eddie, you still got it.  Hey, tomorrow maybe I'll go down to probate court and see who's sniffin' around Acme's estate?
Then why'd they bother to crack the safe?  You can drop a Mosler 90 from Mount Baldy and it won't open.
Maybe they just took it out of his pocket.
Maybe Baby Herman was right.  Somebody wants Acme's property.  Cack the old man, pin it on Roger, and destroy the will.
So what's the scam, Eddie?
If I can find whoever wanted to kill Acme bad enough to get this.
Can you get him out of it, Eddie?
I oughta have my head examined.  Will you hold still?
So you decided to help him after all?
It's all yours.
Oh, yeah?  Well, you're not handcuffed to him.  Anybody in the back room?
He's a riot.
Dolores, meet Roger Rabbit.
Jesus, Eddie, is this who I think it is?
He's a Toon... who cares?
So you're not even gonna bother to find out if the rabbit's gettin' framed?
Stick to stuffin' the olives, willya, Dolores?
The papers said the safe door was opened, Eddie.
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
Yeah, Eddie, it's not like you got an ad in the Yellow Pages.
I don't wanna think.  I wanna drink.
Do you think the rabbit did it?
Bastards put him on notice.
No kiddin'?  Bought the Red Cars, huh?
A new outfit bought the Red Car.  Some big company called Cloverleaf Industries.
What are you complaining about?  Here's your fifty bucks.
Hey, Eddie, looks like you really stepped in it this time.
R.K. Maroon.
Check the scrawl.
Is this paper even good?
You'll have it in the morning.  Now be a sport and lemme have twenty bucks to put in my pocket.
This is fifty bucks.  I need seventy-five before they check the books tomorrow.
Would this be the same dame who's going to feel awfully foolish when she finds out I've got her money.
So, makin' dame jokes, huh, Eddie? Well, lemme remind ya pal, it was a <u>dame</u> who took a hundred bucks out of the till so your landlord would't throw you out of your dump.  And it was a <u>dame</u> who trusted you for the money when no one else in town would.  And it's a <u>dame</u> who's tired of waitin' for you to straighten yourself out and get a job!
That's right, me.
You?
Not really.  Only a Toon could think of something as goofy as that freeway idea.
Surprised?
Holy shit, he's a Toon!
Not for long.  We're retiring the Red Cars.  People will drive, Mr. Valiant, because they'll have to.  And when they drive, they'll have to buy our cars, our tires, our gasoline.
That's what this is all about?  Tell me, who's gonna use your lousy freeway? We got the Red Cars, the best public transportation in the country.
A freeway, Mr. Valiant, is eight lanes of asphalt running uninterrupted from L.A. to Pasadena.  Pasadena to Hollywood.  Hollywood to Santa Monica. Someday everyone will be in cars driving happily, non-stop from one end of the L.A. Basin to another.
What the hell's a freeway?
Right here where we're standing, will be the cornerstone of my idea... the cloverleaf -- an elegant cement structure that intertwines freeways.
They won't care.  Who's going to miss some ridiculous talking mice when they can have the future?
Don't you think anyone's gonna notice that Toontown's gone?
It wasn't Toontown they wanted.  It was my idea of how to put the land to better use.
Come on, Doom.  What would a company like that want with Toontown?
No one person is Cloverleaf.  We're a vast company with diverse interests... gasoline, tires, automobiles.
So you're Cloverleaf?
No matter.  I don't expect the will to show up in the next fifteen minutes.  By then Cloverleaf will own Toontown quite legally.
I've had enough of your insolence!  Put him in my car.  I think they'll enjoy attending our ribbon cutting at the Acme factory.
The pot's callin' the kettle maniacal.
These roads can be very treacherous at night, especially in a maniacal Toon vehicle.
Yeah?  Well, don't expect the Toons to give you a gold watch.
Well, why not?  I'm feeling magnanimous tonight.  The successful conclusion of this case draws the curtain on my career as a jurist. I'm retiring to take a new role in the private sector.
Yes, and for that you're charged with aiding and abetting.  But we'll let Santino handle that.
I don't think it's gonna matter. Sorry, pal, I tried.
You're a very stubborn man, Mr. Valiant.  Very pig-headed.  Boys, show Mr. Valiant how we handle pig-headed men at the Toontown station...
I ain't tellin' you nothin'!  Get me Santino.
Indeed we are.  We'll continue the interrogation there.
You're not takin' me to downtown <u>Toon</u>town?
Oh, not <u>that</u> downtown.  <u>Toon</u>town.
Downtown?  Fine.  Get a hold of Santino, I'd be more than glad to talk to him.
Take it easy, Bongo.  We'll handle Mr. Valiant our own way... downtown.
The other people who were in here lookin' for the will.  I woulda caught 'em if Cheetah here hadn't interrupted me.
They?
They must've taken it off me.
He had a will, all right.  She took it off Acme the night she and R.K. Maroon knocked him off.  Then she set up her loving husband to take the fall.
Marvin Acme had no will.  I should know, the probate is in my court.
Ask her...
Being caught breaking and entering is not very good advertising for a detective.  What were you looking for, Mr. Valiant?
Have you tried Walla Walla?  Kokomo's very nice this time of year.
So you wouldn't have any idea where he might be?
Why would he contact me?  I just took some lousy pictures.
Yes, I find that weasles have a special gift for the work.  The rabbit didn't contact you by any chance, did he?
Men?  They look more like weasles to me.
Hey, pal, do I look like a stenographer?
Yes, we talked to Mr. Maroon.  He told us the rabbit became quite agitated when you showed him the pictures, and said nothing would stand in the way of him getting his wife back.  Is that true?
He's not my client.  I was workin' for R.K. Maroon.
Uh, Eddie, do me a favor.  Could you sit in the back so you won't cause as much of a commotion.
Not much.  It's hard to talk.
Does it hurt?
No...
You're a pig... a happy-go-lucky pig.
What am I, Earl?
Boy, I'll say.  They gave you a real Toon-a-Roo.
Toon cops worked me over.
Eddie?  Jesus, what happened?
Earl... it's me, Valiant.
Here's one for the books... a Toon wearin' human clothes.
Eddie, come on.
Hold on a second.
He made me laugh.
Lemme guess where you got that from. Tell me somethin', what'd you ever see in that guy anyway?
Looks like our goose is cooked, our hash is slung, our fait is accompli...
A joker to the end.
When I opened up the blue envelope, all that was inside was a blank piece of paper.
So where is it?
Marvin told me.  Doom was after his land.  Ne was afraid.  That's why he brought me his will.
How did you get onto Doom?
He's right here in the...
Where is he?
We're even.  By the way, I did find your husband.
I didn't know who I could trust.
Why didn't you tell me?
It was Doom who killed Acme, you know?
Don't worry, you're not the first.  We better get out of here.
Lady, I guess I had you pegged wrong.
That's not Roger.  It's one of Doom's men.  He killed R.K. Maroon.
You shot Roger.
If I'm as bad as you think, what's stopping me from just killing you right now?
Cause I don't take Acme Dumb Pills.  I don't know what you're up to, lady, but I'm gonna nail you for the Acme murder.
It's the truth.  Why won't you believe it?
So altruistic.
I'm not complainin'.  But give me credit.  I'm the guy who took the pictures of you and Acme playin' pattycake, remember?
I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way.
Yeah, well, you don't know how hard it is bein' a man looking at a woman looking the way you do.
Oh, please don't make fun of me, Mr, Valiant.  You don't know how hard it is being a woman looking the way I do.
Oh, sure.  I can just feature you standin' outside your little hutch, holdin' a carrot cake waitin' for hubby to come home.
No, no, no... I love my husband.
Yeah, I'll bet you would.  You gotta have the rabbit to make the scam work.
You've got the wrong idea about me. I'a a pawn in this just like poor Roger.  Can you help me find him?  I'll pay you anything.
No?  I guess we're not counting lying, stealing and murder.
Toons aren't given imperfections.
Come on, lady, haven't you ever seen a mole before?
Okay, you've seen me.  Now give me a towel.
Oh... well, I... I just had to see you.
That's because I don't have a doorbell.
Hello, Mr. Valiant.  I rang the doorbell, but I guess you couldn't hear it.
Look, doll, if I wanted underwear, I woulda broken into Frederick's of Hollywood.  I was lookin' for Marvin Acme's will.
Last week some heavy breather wanted one of my nylons as a souvenir.  Maybe that's what he was after?
Jesus Christ... <u>that</u> was the Judge?
Doom.
What the hell is that?
That's how he gets rid of the troublemakers.  It's a combination of acetone, turpentine and paint remover. He calls it the...  Final Solution.
What's with the dip?
No one knows.  He bought the election a few years back.  He's been rulin' Toontown ever since.
Where'd this gargoyle come from anyway?
Wait here...
What a gasser.
They say the rabbit got the safe idea from a cartoon he was makin' the other day.
Just haven't been this close to Toontown for awhile.
Now what?
That's what you woke me up for?
Tell me you didn't do a snoop job for a Toon named Roger the Rabbit.
There's no time to take it easy!  You don't realize the diabolical mind we're dealing with!
Take it easy.
You tricked me, damn you!
No, I don't.
You got the will in there, don't ya?
No, you gotta understand, Valiant, I had nothin' to do with Acme gettin' killed.  I just wanted to sell my studio.  But they wouldn't buy my property unless Acme would sell his. And he wouldn't.  So I was gonna blackmail Acme with pictures of him and the rabbit's wife.
Well, everybody needs a hobby.
No... I'm not.  I'm a cartoon maker, not a murderer.
You're not too good at this, are you, R.K.?
That was the idea.
Valiant!  You surprised me.
Stop what?
Meet me at my studio at nine o'clock. If you've got the will maybe we can stop this thing.
Maybe.  Why?
Have you got the will?
Maroon?  Whaddaya want?
Yeah, but I enlarged this one.  Thought you might be interested.
I've already seen your photographs.
I Just thought I'd drop by and show you a photograph.
Valiant?  What're you doin' here?
Hi, Mr. Maroon.  Remember me?
Sure, Valiant, sure...
Son-of-a-bitch...  Mr. Maroon, I think I'll be goin' now, so about the rest of my fee...
Frankly, I'm shocked.  Marvin Acme's been my friend and neighbor for thirty years.
Well, you better start thinkin' about drinkin' it black.
As soon as is humanly possible.
When will I hear from you?
Aren't you the lucky one...
I got him on loan from Disney.
So's the job.
A hundred bucks?  That's ridiculous.
The job's gonna cost you a hundred bucks.
You don't have to.  The rabbit's wife sings at an underground Toon revue joint called The Ink & Paint Club.  You can catch her in action there.
I don't work in Toontown.
Get me a couple juicy pictures. Somethin' I can wise the rabbit up with.
So what do you want me to do?
Here's the problem...  "Seen cooing over calamari with notsonew Sugar Daddy was Jessica Rabbit... wife of Maroon star, Roger".  His wife's a tramp, but he thinks she's Betty Crocker.  The doubt's eatin' him up.
Nah, that goes with the territory. He's a stunt bunny.
One too many safes dropped on his head?
Yeah, and there's no business as expensive.  I'm twenty-five grand over budget on the latest Bunnysitter cartoon and it's all because that rabbit can't keep his mind on his work. And you know why?
Only there's no business like it, no business I know.
How much do you know about show business, Valiant?
So what?  He's already put me three weeks behind on the shooting schedule!
He was blowin' his lines, all right. So what?
Valiant, did you see the rabbit?
From this box here...
Pretty good cigar.  Where'd you get it?
Only time will tell.
And I'm glad you got your sense of humor back.  Think you'll keep it?
By the way, Roger, you were right about your wife.  She's a good lady.  I'm glad you got her back.
I guess I am at that.  Cigar?
No, kid, you're a real hero.
Hey, it's the will.  I, Marvin Acme, of sound mind and body, hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo, do hereby bequeath in perpetuity the property known as Toontown to those loveable characters...
Keep reading...
Good idea.
I think you oughta read it to her.
Yeah?
Say Roger, remember that love letter you wrote your wife at the Ink & Paint Club?
Yeah...
That's because it's Disappearing-Reappearing Ink.  Shows up three days later.  Gives you enough time to get away from the victim so he doesn't punch you in the nose.  Great gag.
That's not blood.  That's ink.  That goof Acme squirted me with some the other day.  Why it's comin' 'through now, I don't know.
Not before I satisfy my sense of moral outrage.
Real good, Rog... but maybe you better let me take over.
I followed you to the Maroon Studios. When I heard those shots, I thought I'd help you and investigate the inside of this trunk.
What the hell are you doin' in there?
... I'd head for Cucamonga.
Yeah?
If I don't make it back here by ten...
I rest my case.
Two bits.
How much is a shave and a haircut, Roger?
You know, Eddie, I'm not as much of a chump, and a patsy, a yokel as you think.
Forget it.
I tell you what, maybe I better come with you.
That's why I'll be there at 8:45.
Gee, Eddie, you're not gonna go, are ya?  Maroon'll be layin' for ya at nine o'clock.
No, it's not.
Wrong number?
Get away from there.
I'll get it.
Piano.  Guy got away, disappeared into Toontown.  Nobody ever saw him again.
Safe?
Yeah, everybody thought so.  But me and Teddy got a kick out of Toons.  All Toons.  We couldn't see the bad in 'em. And when this guy was accused of knockin' over the First National Bank of Toontown, we took his case.  But when we looked into it, we found out he did do it after all.  We went to his house to take him in.  But he was wise. He got the drop on us... literally.
Him?  Oh, he was vile, heinous, despicable... a smear on the drafting board.
Yeah, a Toon.  It was the guy who killed Bambi's mother.
A Toon?  Noooo.
You wanna know?  Well, since you're so goddamn curious, I'll tell ya.  One of you Toons killed my brother.
Gee, you shamuses are a tough audience, but what happened to you that was so dark, lurid, embittering?
You damn Toon!  No wonder they picked you for the patsy.  Always gotta play the fool.  You make me sick!
What is this, Twenty Questions?
Gee, I didn't recognize you... I've never seen you laugh before.  That your brother makin' the rabbit ears?
Me.
Say, who's this guy laughin'?
We can't do anything till it's dark.
So what's our plan, our scenario, our modus operandi?
My brother.  Get inside.
Valiant and Valiant?  Who's the other Valiant?
If I'm so smart, how come I'm runnin' from the law with a Toon?
Oh, Eddie, that was quick thinkin'. Nothin' like usin' the old noggin, the noodle, the grey matter...
Drink it, jerk.  All of it.
But, Eddie, you know what happens when...
Here you go, kid... say hi to Casper for me.
I think you want a drink.  How about it, Judge?
A blindfold, cigarette, noseplugs? Just kidding.
Hey, doesn't the rabbit even get a last request?
Well, right now it's gonna be your funereal.
I've met some cynical and miserable humans in my time.  But you, Edward Valiant, are positively funereal!
I think I prefer the Smith and Wesson variety.
A laugh can be a powerful thing, Eddie. Sometimes it's the only weapon we have in life.
Just because you got 'em to laugh?
Well... I still don't think he'd turn me in.
An arsonist and a kidnapper.  He just got outta prison.
Angelo?  He's a pal, a chum...
And when they're done laughin' , they're gonna call the cops.  That guy Angelo would rat on you for a nickel!
But that's my calling, my purpose, my raison d'etre.  Toons are supposed to make people laugh... and believe me, those people needed a laugh.
Why, you crazy Toon... I've been out there riskin' my neck for you.   I come back here and you're singin' and dancin'.
Hey, don't I get an encore?
Because he's not forty feet tall.  The safe was up on the ceiling, remember?
Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants Detective, your logic is specious.  What prevented Mr. Acme from putting the will back in the safe before they killed him?
Well, Acme had the will in his pocket that night at the club.  It was gone in the morning when the cops found the body.
How do you know that?
Yeah.  Except they screwed up.  I don't think they got the will.
The habeus corpus is thickening.
Your wife may be a lot of things, pal, but innocent isn't one of them.
I resent that innuendo!  My wife is completely innocent.
Yeah.  I think Maroon plays the part of the sound mind, your wife the sound body.
Yeah... well you just might get your wish.
My philosophy is if you don't have a sense of humor, you're better off dead.
Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder?
Well, no, not <u>any</u> time.  Only when it was funny.
You mean to tell me you coulda taken your hand outta that cuff at any time?
Yeah, that's better.
Does this help?
Don't ever forget that.
Sorry, Eddie, I forgot you're not a Toon.
Hey!  What do you think you're doin'?
You idiot.  I lost the key for those cuffs.
Eddie Valiant... you're under arrest! Just kidding...
Gee, Eddie, I'm a rabbit.  We always run.
If you're so innocent, why'd you run?
Don't do that!  I'm innocent I tell ya. The police'll just dip me.  They were waitin' for me when I got home last night.  I ran.
Look, pal, if you're still here when I finish this drink, I'm callin' the police.
In other words, the whole goddamn world knows you're here!  Out!  Get out!
Well, I asked the newsboy on the corner.  He didn't know.  Then I asked a janitor, the fireman and finally the green grocer down the way.  He was very helpful.
Oh, yeah?  Then how'd you find my house?
Don't worry, Eddie, no one knows I'm here.
So I hear.  Even talkin' to you could get me a rap for aiding and abetting.
I needed a place to hide.  I'm in trouble, Eddie.
What the hell are you doin'?
Aah!
Aah!
Divorce?  Never!
My advice?  Hop on over to Reno, get yourself a quickie divorce.
Baker's man... but no use ruinin' a good pair of shoes over it.
Pattycake!  Pattycake!
Uh? Uh?
No better?
If you do, sir, I am for you.  I serve as good a man as you.
Quarrel sir! no, sir.
[Aside to GREGORY] Is the law on our side, if I say ay?
Do you bite your thumb at us? Sir.
I do bite my thumb, sir!
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
I will bite my thumb at them; which is a disgrace to them, if they bear it.
Boo! Ah, ha ha. Ooh. Boo! Ha ha ha.
Tempt not a desperate man!
Then I'll leave thee.
Live and be prosperous; and farewell good fellow.
Tush, thou art deceived. Hast thou no letters to me from the priest? [Balthsasr shakes his head no.] No matter. Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight. I will hence tonight.
Your looks are pale and wild and do import some misadventure.
Leave Me!
Have patience!
Then I defy you, stars! JULIET! JULIET! I will hence tonight.
If she is well then nothing can be ill. Her body rests in Capel's monument, and her immortal part with the angel's lives. I saw her laid low. Pardon me for bringing these ill news.
Men's eyes were made to look, and let them gaze. I will not budge for no man's pleasure, I.
Either withdraw unto some private place, or reason coldly of your grievences, or else depart. Here all eyes gaze on us.
By my heel, I care not.
By my head here come the Capulets.
Thou art as hot a Jack in thy mood as any in Verona.
Am I like Such a fellow?
Keep away the cats! Thou art like one of these fellows that, when he enters the confines of a tavern claps me his sword upon the table and says, &quot;God send me no need of thee.&quot; and by the operation of the second cup draws him on the drawer, when indeed there is no need.
The what?
More than prince of cats. He is the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as you sing prick- song, keeps time, distance, and proportion; he rests his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom: the very butcher of a silk button, a duellist, a duellist; a gentleman of the very first house, of the first and second cause: the immortal passado! punto reverso! the hai!
Why, what is Tybalt?
But alas poor Romeo! he is already dead; stabbed with a white wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a love-song; the very pin of his heart cleft with the blind bow-boy's butt-shaft: and is he a man to encounter Tybalt?
Nay, he will answer the letter's master, how he dares, being dared.
Any man that can write may answer a letter.
Romeo will answer it?
A challenge, on my life.
Tybalt, the kinsman of old Capulet, Hath sent a letter to his father's house.
Why that pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline. Torments him so, that he will sure run mad.
Not to his father's; I spoke with his man.
Where the devil should this Romeo be? Came he not home to-night?
Romeo! humours! madman! passion! lover! I conjure thee by Rosaline's bright eyes, By her high forehead and her scarlet lip, By her fine foot, straight leg and quivering thigh! O, Romeo that she were An open ass, and thou a poperin pear! Romeo, good night: I'll to my truckle-bed; This field-bed is too cold for me to sleep.
Romeo! Romeo!
Art thou hurt?
Forbear this outrage, good Mercutio.
I fear, too early: for my mind misgives Some consequence yet hanging in the stars Shall bitterly begin his fearful date With this night's revels and expire the term Of a despised life closed within my breast By some vile forfeit of untimely death. But He, that hath the steerage of my course, Direct my sail! On, lusty gentlemen.
This wind, you talk of, blows us from ourselves; Supper is done, and we shall come too late.
But 'tis no wit to go.
Every man betake him to his legs.
Not mad, but bound more than a mad-man is; Shut up in prison, kept without my food, Whipp'd and tormented. Good day, good fellow.
By giving liberty unto thine eyes; Examine other beauties. Why, Romeo, art thou mad?
Teach me how I should forget to think.
Be ruled by me, forget to think of her.
She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste.
Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?
Well, in that hit you miss: she'll not be hit With Cupid's arrow; Nor bide the encounter of assailing eyes, Nor open her lap to saint-seducing gold:
A right fair mark, fair cuz, is soonest hit.
A right good marks-man! And she's fair I love.
I aim'd so near, when I supposed you loved.
In sadness, cousin, I do love a woman.
Tell me in sadness, who is that you love.
Soft! I will go along; An if you leave me so, you do me wrong.
Farewell, my cuz.
At thy good heart's oppression.
Good heart, at what?
No, cuz, I rather weep.
Alas, that love, whose view is muffled still, Should, without eyes, see pathways to his will! Where shall we dine? O me! What fray was here? Yet tell me not, for I have heard it all. Here's much to do with hate, but more with love. Why, then, O brawling love! O loving hate! O any thing, of nothing first create! O heavy lightness! Serious vanity! Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms! Feather of lead-- [Benvolio Snickers] Dost thou not laugh?
Alas, that love, so gentle in his view, Should be so tyrannous and rough in proof!
Out of her favour, where I am in love.
Of love?
Out--
In love?
Not having that, which, having, makes them short.
It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?
Ay me! Sad hours seem long. Was that my father that went hence so fast?
But new struck cuz.
Is the day so young?
Good-morrow, cousin.
Why then, O brawling love, O loving hate, O anything of nothing first create. heavy lightness. Serious vanity. Misshapen chaos of well seeming forms.
Go to! What, goodman boy! I say, he shall: go to; Make a mutiny among my guests?!
Uncle, 'tis a shame.
He shall be endured
I'll not endure him.
Content thee, gentle cuz, content thee. Let him alone; I would not for the wealth of all the town Here in my house do him disparagement: Therefore be patient, take no note of him
'Tis he.
Young Romeo is it?
Uncle, this is that villain Romeo, a Montague, our foe.
Why, how now, kinsman! wherefore storm you so?
What dares the slave Come hither, To fleer and scorn at our solemnity? Now, by the stock and honour of my kin, To strike him dead, I hold it not a sin.
Here is my gold. Worse poison to men's souls, than these poor compounds that thou mayest not sell.
Drink it off and, if you had the strength of twenty men it would dispatch you straight.
I pay thy poverty, and not thy will.
My poverty, but not my will consents.
The world is not thy friend, nor the worlds law. Then be not poor, but break it, and take this.
Such mortal drugs I have, but Verona's law is death to any that utters them.
What if this mixture do not work at all? Shall I be married then tomorrow morning?
I do spy a kind of hope, Which craves as desperate and execution as that is desperate which we would prevent. If, rather than to marry Paris, Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, Then it is likely thou wilt undertake a thing like death, to chide away this shame. No warmth, no breath shall testify thou livest . Each part, deprived of supple government, shall stiff and stark and cold appear, like death. Now when the bridegroom in the morning comes to rouse thee from thy bed, there art thou dead. Thou shalt be borne to that same ancient vault where all he kindred to the Capulet lie. In the meantime, against thou shalt awake, shall Romeo by my letters know our drift, and hither shall he come. And that very night shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua. Take thou this vial, being then in bed, and this distilling liquor drink thou off. I'll send my letters to thy lord post haste to Mantua.
Be not so long to speak I long to die.
Hold Daughter!
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help Do thou but call my resolution wise, And with this I'll help it presently!
It strains me past the compass of my wits.
My leisure serves me, pensive daughter now. We must entreat the time alone.
Are you at leisure Holy Father, now? Or shall I come to you at evening mass?
And all this day an unaccustomed spirit lifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts. I dreampt my lady came and found me dead and breathed such life with kisses in my lips that I revived and was an emperor. Ah me, how sweet is love itself possessed when but love's shadow's are so rich in joy. News from Verona. How now, Balthasar?! Dost thou not bring me letters from the Priest? How doth my lady? Is my Father well? How doth my lady Juliet? For nothing can be ill if she be well.
As the custom is, in all her best array, bear her to church.
Farewell.
Hie you make haste! But look thou stay not till the watch be set, for then thou canst not pass to Mantua where thau shalt live till we can find a time to blaze you marriage, reconcile your friends, beg pardon of the Prince and call thee back with twenty hundred times more joy, than thou wentst forth in lamentation. Quick hence! Be gone by break of day! Sojourn in Mantua.
How well my comfort is revived by this.
O deadly sin, O rude unthankfulness! This is dear mercy and thou sees it not. Hence!
There is no world without Verona walls, hence banished is banished from the world and worlds exile is death. Then banished is death mis-termed. Calling death banished, thou cu'st my head off with a golden axe and smiles upon the stroke that murders me.
Affliction is enamoured of thy parts, and thou art wedded to calamity. Hence from Verona art thou banished. Be patient, for the world is broad and wide.
Banishment? Be merciful, say death; for exile hath more terror in his look much more than death. Do not say Banishment.
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
O, let us hence; I stand on sudden haste.
O, she new well. Thy love read by rote and could not spell. Come, young waverer, come, go with me, In one respect I'll thy assistant be; for this alliance may so happy prove, to turn you household rachor to pure love.
I pray thee, chde me not; whom I love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow; the other did not so.
For doting; not for loving, pupil mine.
Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here! Is Rosaline that thou didst love so dear so soon forsaken? Young men's love then lies not truly in their hearts but in their eyes.
Then plainly know my hearts dear love is set, on the fair daughter of rich Capulet. We met, we wooed, we made exchange of vow. I'll tell thee as we pass; but this I pray, that thou consent to marry us today.
Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift; riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
I have been feasting with mine enemy, where on a sudden one hath wounded me, that's by me wounded; both our remeidies within thy help and holy physic lies.
That's my good son: but where hast thou been
Rosaline? My ghostly father no; I have forgot that name, and that name's woe.
God pardon sin, was thou with Rosaline!?
The last is true; the sweeter rest was mine.
Young son, it argues a distemper'd head so soon to bid good marrow to thy bed: or if not so so, then here I hit it right, our Romeo hath not seen his bed tonight.
Benedicite! What early tounge so sweet saludeth me?
Good marrow, father!
Sir, a ring my lady bid me give you.
I thought thy disposition better tempered! Thy Juliet is alive. There art thou happy. The law that threatened death becomes thy friend and turns it to exile. There art thou happy. A Pack of blessings light upon thy back. Wherefore railest thou on thy birth the heaven and earth? Since birth and heaven and earth all three do meet in thee at once.
Romeo, come forth.
Where is my Lady's lord?
Welcome.
I come for my lady Juliet.
O, mighty is the powerful grace that lies in plants, herbs, stones, and their true qualities: for nought so vile that the earth doth live but to the earth some special good doth give, nor aught so good, but strain'd from that fair use revolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse: virtue itself turns vice, being misaplied; and vice sometimes by action dignified. Within the infant rind of this weak flower poison is resident and medicine power: for this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part; being tasted, slays all senses with the heart. Two such empossed kings encamp them still in man as well as herbs, grace and rude will; and where the worser is predominant, full soon the canker death eats up that plant.
Juliet!
Romeo, I drink to thee.
Goodnight.
Farewell. God knows when we shall meet again.
Geth thee to be and rest, for thou has need.
No, madam. We have culled such necessaries as our behoveful for our state tomorrow. so please you, let me now be left alone, and let the nurse this night sit up with you. for I am sure you have your hands full in all this so sudden business.
What, daughter are you busy? Need you my help?
O God!--O Nurse, how shall this be prevented? What sayest thou? Hast thou not a word of joy? Some comfort nurse.
Talk not to me, for Ill not speak a word. Do as thou wilt for I have done with thee.
O sweet my mother cast me not away. Delay this marriage for a month, a week. Or if you do not make the bridal bed in that dim  monument where Tybalt lies.
Here comes your father, tell him so yourself.
What? Now. St. Peter's Church, and Peter too, he shall not make me there a joyful bride!
Marry my child next Thursday Morn. The gallant, young and noble gentleman, Sir Paris, at Saint Peter's Church, shall make thee there a joyful bride.
Madam, in happy time what day is that?
Thou hast a careful father, child: One who, to put thee from thy heaviness, hath sorted out a sudden day of joy that thou expects nor I looked not for.
She'll not come down tonight.
O God. Did Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's blood? O serpent heart hid with a flowering face. Was ever book containing such vile matter's so fairly bound? O, that deceit should dwell in such a gorgeous palace.
Well, thou hast comforted me marvelous much. Go in and tell my lady I am gone, having displeased my father to Father Lawrence to make confession and be absolved.
What?
Amen
And from my soul too. Else beshrew them both.
Speakest thou from thy heart?
Faith, here it is. I think it best you marry with this Paris. O, he's a lovely gentleman. I think you are happy in this second match, for it excels your first; or if it did not, your first is dead--or 'twere as good he were as living here and you no use to him.
Then hie you hence to Father Laurence' cell; There stays a husband to make you a wife
I have.
Have you got leave to go to confession to-day?
Here's such a coil! Come, what says Romeo?
O lady dear! Are you so hot? Henceforward do your messages yourself.
Where is my mother! How oddly thou repliest! Your love says, like an honest gentleman, Where is your mother?'
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and a handsome, and, I warrant, a virtuous,--Where is your mother?
I' faith, I am sorry that thou art not well. Sweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell me, what says my love?
Lord, how my head aches! what a head have I! O, my back! Other' other side,--O, my back.
But all this did I know before. What says he of our marriage? what of that?
Well, you have made a simple choice; you know not how to choose a man: Romeo! no, not he; though his face be better than any man's, yet his leg excels all men's; and for a hand, and a foot, and a body,
How art thou out of breath, when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath? Is the news good, or bad? answer to that;
What haste? can you not stay awhile? Do you not see that I am out of breath?
I would thou hadst my bones, and I thy news: I pray thee, speak.
I am a-weary, give me leave awhile: Fie, how my bones ache! what a jaunt have I!
O honey nurse, what news? Nurse?
By and by, I come: -- To cease thy strief, and leave me to my grief: To-morrow will I send.
[Within] Juliet!
I uh, by and by I come--But if thou mean'st not well, I do beseech thee--
[Within] Juliet!
Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed. If that thy bent of love be honourable, Thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow, By one that I'll procure to come to thee, Where and what time thou wilt perform the rite; And all my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay And follow thee my lord throughout the world.
Juliet!
Madam, I am here. What is your will?
I bade her come. God forbid! Juliet! Juliet! Juliet!
Thus..... with a kiss...... I die.
Romeo. What's here? Poison. Drunk all, and left no friendly drop to help me after. I will kiss thy lips. Happily some poison yet doth hang on them. Thy lips are warm.
O God, I have an ill-divining soul. Methinks I see thee, now thou art so low, as one dead in the bottom of a tomb. O fortune, fortune. Be fickle, fortune, for then I hope that thou will not keep him long but send him back.
I doubt it not. Trust me, love, all these woes shall serve for sweet discourses in our times to come. Adieu.
Then window, let day in and let life out. O, think'st thou we shall ever meet again?
More Light and light, more dark and dark our woes.
It is, It is! Hie hence, be gone, away.  O, now be gone. More light and light it grows.
Let me be taken, let me be put to death. I have more care to stay then will to go. Come death, Welcome, Juliet wills it so. How is't my soul? Let us talk it is not day.
That light is not daylight, I know it, I. It is some meteor that the sun exhales to light thee on thy way to Mantua. Therefore stay yet. Thou needest not be gone.
I must be gone and live, or stay and die.
Wilt thou be gone? It is not yet near day.
Mercutio's soul is but a little way above our heads staying for thine to keep him company!
Come gentle night. Come loving black-browned night give me my Romeo. And when I shall die, take him and cut him out into little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun. O, I have bought the mansion of love but not possessed, and though I am sold, not yet enjoyed. O, tedious is this day, as the night before some festival to an impatient child that hath new robes and may not wear them.
I will not fail: 'tis twenty year till then.
By the hour of nine.
Romeo! At what o'clock to-morrow Shall I send to thee?
A thousand times the worse, to want thy light. Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from their books, But love from love, toward school with heavy looks.
A thousand times good night! Exit, above
So thrive my soul--
I gave thee mine before thou didst request it!
The exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine.
What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?
O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
Do not swear: although I joy in thee, I have no joy of this contract to-night: It is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden; Too like the lightning, which doth cease to be Ere one can say 'It lightens.' Sweet, good night! This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet. Good night.
If my heart's dear love--
Do not swear at all; Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, Which is the god of my idolatry, And I'll believe thee.
Well what shall I swear by?
O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
Lady, by yonder blessed moon I swear That tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops--
Thou know'st the mask of night is on my face, Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night Fain would I dwell on form, fain, fain deny What I have spoke: but farewell compliment! Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say 'Ay,' And I will take thy word: yet if thou swear'st, Thou mayst prove false. O gentle Romeo, If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully:
I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes, And but thou love me, let them find me here: My life were better ended by their hate, Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love.
If they do see thee, they will murder thee.
With love's light wings did I o'er-perch these walls; For stony limits cannot hold love out, And what love can do that dares love attempt; Therefore thy kinsmen are no let to me.
How camest thou hither, tell me, and wherefore? The garden walls are high and hard to climb, And the place death, considering who thou art, If any of my kinsmen find thee here.
Neither, fair maid, if either thee dislike.
Art thou not Romeo and a Montague?
Ahhh!
I take thee at thy word.
'Tis but thy name that is my enemy; Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? it is nor hand, nor foot, Nor arm, nor face, nor any other part Belonging to a man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? that which we call a rose By any other word would smell as sweet; So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd, Retain that dear perfection which he owes Without that title. O Romeo, doff thy name, And for that name which is no part of thee Take all myself.
[Aside] Shall I hear more, or shall I speak at this?
Romeo, O Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse thy name; Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, And I'll no longer be a Capulet.
She speaks: O, speak again, bright angel!
Ay me!
He jests at scars that never felt a wound. But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun. Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief, That thou her maid art far more fair than she: Be not her maid, since she is envious; Her vestal livery is but sick and green And none but fools do wear it; oh cast it off. It is my lady, O, it is my love! O, that she knew she were!
You kiss by the book.
Sin from my lips? O trespass sweetly urged! Give me my sin again.
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged.
Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake.
Well, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do; They pray, grant thou, lest faith turn to despair.
Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.
Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?
Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
If I profane with my unworthiest hand This holy shrine, the gentle sin is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.
Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days.
Go! We follow thee. Juliet, Blah!
Speak briefly, can you like of Paris' love?
Nay, bigger; women grow by men.
This night you shall behold him at our feast; Read o'er the volume of young Paris' face, And find delight writ there with beauty's pen; This precious book of love, this unbound lover, To beautify him, only lacks a cover: So shall you share all that he doth possess, By having him, making yourself no less.
Nay, he's a flower; in faith, a very flower.
Verona's summer hath not such a flower.
A man, young lady! Lady, such a man As all the world- -why, he's a man of wax.
By my count, I was your mother much upon these years, You are now a maid. Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nursed.
Nurse, give leave awhile, We must talk in secret. Nurse, come back again; I have remember'd me, thou's hear our counsel. Nurse, Thou know'st my daughter's of a pretty age.
NO! Mercutio!
A Plague o' both your houses.
I thought all for the best.
'Twill serve. Ask for me tomorrow and you shall find me a grave man. A plague o' both your houses. They have made worms meat of me. A plague on both your Houses! Why the devil did you come between us? I was hurt under your arm.
Courage man, the hurt can not be much.
Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch. Ay, a scratch, a scratch. HA HA HA.
Farewell, ancient lady; farewell,
I will follow you.
Here's goodly gear!
Sure Witt! Now art thou sociable, now art thou Romeo; now art thou what thou art, by art as well as by nature.
Why, then is my pump well flowered.
Right.
Pink for flower.
Nay, I am the very pink of courtesy.
A most courteous exposition.
Thou hast most kindly hit it.
Meaning, to court'sy.
That's as much as to say, such a case as yours constrains a man to bow in the hams.
Pardon, good Mercutio, my business was great; and in such a case as mine a man may strain courtesy.
The slip, son, the slip; can you not conceive?
Good morrow to you both. What counterfeit did I give you?
Signior Romeo, bon jour! there's a French salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairly last night.
Ho Ho, Capital Punks!
Ay, so I fear; the more is my unrest.
Away, begone; the sport is at the best.
True, I talk of dreams, Which are the children of an idle brain, Begot of nothing but vain fantasy, Which is as thin of substance as the air And more inconstant than the wind, who wooes Even now the frozen bosom of the north, And, being anger'd, puffs away from thence, Turning his face to the dew- dropping south.
Peace, good Mercutio, peace! Thou talk'st of nothing.
O, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you. She is the fairies' midwife, and she comes In shape no bigger than an agate-stone On the fore-finger of an alderman, Drawn with a team of little atomies Over men's noses as they lie asleep; Her chariot is an empty hazel-nut Her wagoner a small grey-coated gnat, And in this state she gallops night by night Through lovers' brains, and then they dream of love; O'er lawyers' fingers, who straight dream on fees, Sometime she driveth o'er a soldier's neck, And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats, And being thus frighted swears a prayer or two And sleeps again. This is the hag, when maids lie on their backs, That presses them and learns them first to bear, Making them women of good carriage: This is she--This is she!
In bed asleep, while they do dream things true.
That dreamers often lie.
Well, what was yours?
And so did I.
I dream'd a dream to-night.
Why, may one ask?
If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
Is love a tender thing? It is too rough, Too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn.
Too great oppression for a tender thing.
Under love's heavy burden do I sink.
You are a lover; borrow Cupid's wings, And soar with them above a common bound.
Not I, Not I believe me: you have dancing shoes With nimble soles: I have a soul of lead
Young hearts run free. Never be caught up, caught up like Rosaline and thee. Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
I am for you.
Good king of cat's, nothing but one of your nine lives.
What wouldst thou have with me?
Calm, Dishonorable, Vile Submission! Thou art my souls hate! Tybalt! You ratcatcher, will you walk?
Consort? What does thou make us minstrels? An thou make minstrels of us look to hear nothing of discords. Here's my fiddlestick. Here's that shall make you dance! Zounds, Consort!
Mercutio! Thou art consortest with Romeo?
Could you not take some occasion without giving?
You shall find me apt enough to that, sir. And you will give me occasion.
OH, and but one word with one of us? Couple it with something. Make it a word and a...a blow.
Follow me close. Gentlemen, gooday. A word with one of you?
As if that name, Shot from the deadly level of a gun did murder her, as that name's cursed hand did murder her kinsman.
O, she says nothing sir, but weeps and weeps, and then on Romeo cries and then falls down again.
Sir. Ah, sir. Death the end of all
Nurse.
Bid her to come to confession this afternoon; And there she shall at Father Laurence' cell Be shrived and married.
If ye should lead her into a fool's paradise, as they say, it were a very gross kind of behavior, as they say: for the lady is young; and, therefore, if you should deal double with her, truly it were an ill thing, and very weak dealing.
His name is Romeo, and he's a Montague; The only son of your great enemy.
Is she a Capulet?
Madam, your mother craves a word with you. Come lets away.
As my American friend Larry would say: are you fucking deaf?  It's under your seat.
What?
It's under your seat.
To make a point.  I don't know her, and I was ready to splatter her brains all over the sidewalk.  I don't particularly like you, so imagine what I'll do if you try anything...
Why did you do that?
You know it is.
Do you really think so?
This is important.
Always in a rush, you are.  All these years I've known you, you could never wait for anything.
Do you have it?
I'm up for that...
I don't know.  I was thinking...Maybe the three of us might partner up -- guns for hire, that sort of thing.
So where do you go from here?
Only the stupid ones.  Cigarettes kill more patriots than bullets.  Besides, I'm not IRA no more.
I don't want you dead, woman, I want the the truth!
You go shoot me if you want, Vincent, but you'll be dead before I hit the ground.
And I don't believe you...
Well I don't!
When this whole thing started you made it clear: you're running the show.  And I don't believe you'd be running this show if you didn't know what was going on.
I don't know.
Finding this package is a thing easier said than done.  We don't even know what it is.  What did we steal?
Of course.
Very good.  Now all we have to do is live long enough to get paid.
And then Sam, you and I clean up whatever's left to be cleaned.
Leaving...
While Sam and I take out the back two cars...
Is that right?
We kept it...
Of course.
Coordinate all you want, but make sure whatever you do gets cleared through me.  Are we in sync on this, Vincent?
I drink what every civilized man, woman and child in the world drinks: Guinness.
Oh yeah?  Whatta you drink, then?
Budweiser?  You talk to me of beer and you've the unbridled gall to mention Budweiser in the same sentence?  That's not beer!  Christ, it's not even a poor excuse for rabbit piss.
Best beer in the world?  Budweiser for me, thanks.
Best beer in the world known to man or God.
What is?
Some places, not all.  Italy, for instance, they're serious about their food.  But try bloody Britain, anywhere in the U.K., you don't get much fancier than a deep-fried bar egg.  Food's not our thing, you see.
This...this is incredible. Is the rest of Europe like this?
That's why you were riding with him.
I never did trust that blonde fuck...
How do we know that?
And you believed me?  But it wasn't my people who did it.
And then...
Then Swede and I split with the package and meet you back at the rendezvous.
Which leads us to...
You call me with the target's route, I follow along until we've reached the attack point and then I run his squag ass off the road.
The deal?  The deal is we leave for Nice at first light.
So what's the deal?
And who are you?
I drive -- and my name is Larry.  Larry from the States.
The name is Deirdre, and I'm running this show.
Who the fuck are you?
It's good to see you've all got such faith in our little undertaking.
No, Seamus.  I heard you the first time.
Do I need to repeat myself?
Shut up!!!  Shut up and drive!  I'm your superior officer and you will do as I goddamn well say, is that understood?!?
You're thinking with your gun, Seamus, and not your head...
Plastic fucking surgeon?  You think I'm going to fix this, Deirdre lass?  It's the mark of the patriot, and I'll wear it like a badge.  As for those who done it to me, I'll take my pound of flesh before this is all over.
You better be careful, Seamus, before something happens a plastic surgeon can't fix.
They're good!
Good Christ!  Can't you lose these jokers?
Not yet...
About time!
You lose them!
Lose them!
That's him.
From Interpol?
They're part of the team.  One of them's the guy I told you about.
What in bloody hell is going on?
Nothing.
Would somebody tell me what fucking well happened in there?
Problem my ass!  I think you're lying to me, and if you are you're a dead man!
I thought I did.
Not to me, you know that.
It's been known to happen.
So you thought that maybe I'd grown too attached to this charade I've been playing, is that it?
It means I was worried that all the time you spent away from the fold might have affected you.  You've been living the life of the hired gun -- the well paid hired gun, I might note.  There's no glory to it, but there are those that like it.
And what's that supposed to mean, Seamus Reilly?
Now there's the Deirdre I know.
When we're done with this, I want to do for that one myself.
Come off it, Sam -- if we weren't friends already we wouldn't be here now, would we?
Not me.  You work too often with the same people and you become friends -- clouds your judgement.
Alright?  It's bloody fucking freezing in here!
Are you alright?
Bloody fucking hell...
I didn't say I was.
Where do you get off saying word one? All the time pretending to be one of us, it's the same thing we were doing, Seamus and myself.  And here you are so high and mighty, like you're so different from the rest of us.
Don't even think that I'm buying that.
I'm a patriate.
Oh please..you're on some sort of holy mission?
Well, if it isn't Mr. Interpol himself.  I can't believe I misjudged you like I did.
That we're too stupid to trace his calls.
Check this out.  Gregor's a spook, or he was one until recently.  When he was a spy he lived the life -- you know, a prince in some Eastern Bloc country where nobody had shit and Gregor had everything.  Then the wall goes down.  No more Cold War.  And Gregor is out of a job.  No apartment, no special stores with Western food and video tapes.  I would bet dollars against shit that Gregor liked that phone and he doesn't want to give it up.  And I wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant enough to think...
I bought it for him -- all the stuff he was using, it was in his contract.  Cost a nice penny, too, especially that goddamned phone: Gregor had expensive tastes.
Exactly.  Gregor, he was the Russian's man.  It was my people came up with the idea for this run, but the Russians who had the capital to finance it.  Gregor, he was their insurance, and I was ours. Everybody else was supposed to be neutral.  Gregor must've got to Swede...
Because if they had she'd be gone along with the package, instead of sitting here with us.
I don't know...  Well I don't!  It's a goddamned mystery to me just like it is to you.  But I do know who we're working for.  My people, and the Russian mob.
Now, what did we steal?
Just business.
Duty calls?
I better be getting that.
Exactly.  And last night I wanted to be with someone who was just like me.
You're a hired gun, Deirdre -- just like me.
I know I don't have to, Sam, it's just that, for once, I want to.  when I was a -  Patriot, it was a given I'd sleep with any man it was deemed necessary for me to sleep with.  You know: any man who needed setting up.  Sometimes so we might blackmail him, sometimes so he could be killed.  Sometimes so I could kill him myself. IRA isn't exactly an enlightened feminist organization, Sam.  To most of the men I with I was always the girl.  "Send the girl to do it."  "Tell The girl to take care of it."  "Have the girl fuck him."  But I look at you and I get this feeling you take me for what I am: no more, no less.
You don't have to explain yourself to me, Deirdre.
Look, Sam, don't take it the wrong way when I tell you we won't be doing this again.
I probably do.  But for the time being, I'm willing to forget about it...
And when I consider that, I have to wonder if you don't have some ulterior motive for being here, with me, right now.
Nobody's saying they don't.
Part of me says I should just look at this as a perk.  You know, a bonus.  But then I remember you're you -- Deirdre who used to belong to the IRA -- and it occurs to me that deceit and subterfuge come very naturally to you.
That's right.
Is that right?
I still am.
I didn't think to see you again tonight. You were pretty pissed.
I feel as if I've wandered onto the set of Enter The Dragon.  Could you teach me to do that?
We weren't real thrilled about it either...
The two of you were supposed to go to a simple meet and come back with a simple piece of information, and instead you went to fucking war...
Hazard pay...
Once.
You were a soldier, were you?
Sam.  I'm a weapons guy.
He'll kill me anway, Sam, shoot though me and kill this fucker.
Shut up!
Don't do it, Sam!
Go ahead, shoot... Shoot and kill the bitch, I don't care.  And yet you don't shoot.  Interesting. Put down your weapon and walk away.
Should any of you decide to rush me, I'll kill myself and whoever happens to be near me at the time.
That fucking figures...
There's a problem...
Where's the case?
Ready when you are...
Alright, Gregor, I'm...
Next.
I use my cell phone to get computer access to the telecommunications satellite used by our target.  I trace his cell phone signature and use it to pin point his location as he moves through Nice, relaying that information to you.
Now then, let's run through it one more time, shall we?  What's your job?
In this business, your life and your reputation are more often than not one and the same.
But would you stake your life, that's the question...
I'd stake my reputation.
You sure about this?
I intend to.  This phone is wired like no other: it's got an encryption chip and instant sat-a-link recognition, it can talk to any computer in any language and make it understand.  With my custom hardware and this phone I can trace the target's cell phone signature and follow him anywhere he goes...
Good, because it cost enough.  There's cheaper phones by far than that one, man: you better fucking use it.
It's quite satifactory.
These days they they call me Gregor -- and I'm a tech.  I do electronic work, surveillance, computer runs.
From here on in you want something you pay cash for it: no credit cards, no bank accounts are in place: ten percent up front, the rest when the job is done.  You.  What do you do and what should we call you?
Not likely.  Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning.  I'm a hired gun, same as the rest of you, and that's all any of us needs to know about the other.
Who are you?  IRA?
I think not.  After you...
Perhaps we could both go at the same time...
You first, Edvard.
Do you have the material?
Really?  Do you have the money with you?
We'll double your price.
I'm sure.  But I'm sorry to say that it's too late for trust: we have a serious problem.
That was a mistake, trying to kill you. Mikhi did it without consulting me, I'd have never allowed it.
I'm touched, really, that they'd send someone of your caliber.  It's nice to know that they didn't make the mistake of underestimating me twice.
Yes, Gregor, they sent me.
Then you better find it in your heart to tell me, Francois, because while your death is inevitable, it still isn't decided how painful it's going to be.
In here...
Where's my information?
Of course.
I take it you still want the money...
If you say a word in English, Vincent, my friend with the high powered sporting rifle will shoot you in the throat. Sorry to screw you over like this, but the information you want might get me killed if I give it to you, and that's a price I'm not willing to pay.
What's that?
There's been a slight problem.
Here's yours.
He's a cop, Vincent, he's French and he's a cop and you better shoot him in the fucking head right now!
What do you mean?
Bad company...
He's company.
Not so fast.  Who's that?
Do you have it?
You'll die if you leave here.
We'll die if we stay here!
I'll destroy whatever's in the case.
And more importantly --
Enough!
I'm shocked, shocked to think that you'd believe him.
Edvard said the same thing about you before he died.
Whatever you wish...  This has all been a terrible mistake, Gregor.  I wanted to play straight with you, but Edvard insisted we try and kill you.
No, Mikhi, I wouldn't.  Since I won't speak your language, and you can't speak mine, English will do nicely.
Sit, sit...  Would you like one?
I think not.  I have, of course, taken the precaution of wiring the briefcase to explode five seconds after it opens.  Unless, of course, I deactivate it before it goes off.
Figured enough to know there's an odd man out and I'm looking at him.
So, you've got it all figured, do you?
What's a little hate between business partners?
But you hate each other!
What am I doing here?  Why, I'm here to see my partners, Gregor, the boys in the Russian Mafia.  See, your bosses had hoped to screw me by hiring you to pull your thieving double cross.  But they only just found out that what's in the briefcase is completely useless without me.  I can't fight them, and they can't kill me -- that means we're gonna have to do business together.
You've told me a lot of things, boyo...
It is, I'm telling you it is!!
This better be the real thing or you're a dead man!
I swear, it has to come here!  It has to...
If you're lying to me you poor excuse for a human being, I'm gonna blow your brains all over this car.
A post office box.
Sent it where?
I sent it to myself in Paris.
Then where is it?
I swear...
Bullshit!
I don't have it with me...
Don't talk to me unless you tell me what I want to hear, understand?!?  You have no choice in this, don't think about winning, think about staying alive.  I want the item, and if you don't give it to me, I'm gonna kill you.
Now that is an interesting proposition.
So none of us knows who's paying the freight, this is just some anonymous job. For all we know, we're working for different people.
I got this gig through a contractor. And he most definitely didn't know who was doing the hiring, only that they were paying a lot of money...
Whoever hired us.
What I do is none of your concern.  What you should do is wait for my next phone call.  I'm going to find a place where I can tilt the field in my favor.  When I'm ready, I'll call you and tell you what I want you to do.
So what do we do?
I'm in the middle of saving you people a great deal of money -- the least you could do is have the decency to pay me!
It was a mistake, it shouldn't have happened.
Much to your disappointment, no doubt.
Gregor, is that you?
It's done.
Is it done?
I do, I do...
I just wanted to make sure you knew who you were dealing with.
I need you, Swede, I can't do this without you!
Really?
Nobody's going to do that!
Don't cross me...
What are you doing?
What's that?
There is one other thing...
Then I guess we're set.
That's it.
A means to an end, is that it?
I hadn't thought about it.  Understand me, Gregor -- I take no pleasure in killing.  It doesn't bother me one bit, but I don't get off on it.
I would imagine that the great satisfaction in all of this will be killing the American.
Because if there's more than one party involved, if we really are working for different people, then perhaps some of us are on different sides.  Your orders might be different from mine.
How so?
If he hadn't you'd have put a bullet in his head a long time ago.
How did you know?
Not exactly?  But close enough, eh?  So he saved your life, then?
Not exactly.
I've never seen a man who could have taken what he just went through.  He's a cop?
Of course.  Don't you?
And you respect him.
Yes, Sam's tough alright.
He's tough, your American friend.
Hello, my friend.  He doesn't look French to me, Vincent.
Hello, Jean-Pierre.
A Samurai has honor, a Samurai live by the code of Bushido, the way of the warrior.  I'm just a killer for hire.  The world isn't about honor, anymore. It's about survival.
You seem one to me.
Vincent's life is his own burden; he'll have to carry it for himself.  And I'm not any kind of Samurai.
Perhaps forged is a better word.  Like steel.  Like a sword.  You're a modern Samurai.  I've spent my life around extraordinary men -- men like Vincent. But I've never seen anyone like you.  I'm afraid Vincent will die if he goes with you.
Created?
I suppose I want to know how a man like you is created.
So what is it you want to know?
Perhaps.  But you are not healthy, and if you try I'll kill you.
If I was healthy, I could take that away from you.
Call it a reckoning of character.
So this is what, a test?
Not a word.  But no ordinary criminal would have the extensive military and medical expertise you do.  And so I place the pieces of the puzzle together in a way that makes sense to me.  You work for some government agency and you carry a gun, and in my world, that makes you a cop.
Vincent told you that I'm a cop?
You suffered through an agonizing pain last night, pain you could have avoided by declaring yourself an agent of the law.
I didn't expect that he would.
He sees this differently, as you well know.
Forgive my intrusion into your affairs, but I am the one who connected Vincent to this job, his agent, if you will.  He is one of my oldest friends and I owe him a great debt, much like the debt I suspect he owes you.
It gets done now or not at all.  Another couple of days and the parties concerned are gone where I can't get them.
Something important?  A thing that cannot wait?
Yeah.
But first you have something to take care of?
Soon.
You should really let a doctor look at that.
Some, thanks.  Enough to move on, for now.
Then if you don't mind...  I'm gonna pass out.
Don't worry, we'll take care of it.
You think you can stitch me up on you own?
No booze...Pain's in the mind, and the mind I can control.  Alright, let's do it.
Are you sure you won't have a drink?
Well, Vincent's American friend, shall we see what we can do for you?
American.
Did he bring that with him?
What are you gonna do, call him up and ask him to give us back our shit?
Fine with fucking me, we got work to do. I don't care what it takes, we are getting our property back and putting it into the hands of the people who are gonna pay us a great deal of money when we do.  I don't know about the rest of you guys, but I'm not the kind of guy to just sit back and take it in the ass.  I don't mean that in, like, a literal way...
It's a cocktail.  Mostly demerol, cut with a little crank because we might need you awake in the real near future.
My way is better.
Yeah, well...  My way works too.
Why don't you go do better, then...
It's been known to happen.
Is that right?
Long enough to shoot back.
Not for long.
All in the stomach, though.  Your man might live.
Gets the job done.
You shoot alright.
Anybody tries to unpleasant me I'll put two between his eyes -- one to do the job and the other to make sure it takes.
The point remains: we could be working for different people.  There's a chance for one of us...  Maybe more than one of us -- has been paid to cross the others.  I don't know about you guys, but I like to know who I'm working for.  It can help prevent a great deal of...  ...unpleasantness.
I don't think so.
I don't particularly like killing, tubby, but I want you to know that this one I'm going to enjoy.
Not in mine.
It's consider a virtue in some corners of the world.
Is that right?
You should learn a little patience.
Where is this broad?
I blast the lead car into oblivion...
After we stop the target car I get out and use the heavy artillery to kill the driver and his bodyguard.
Eat shit and die slowly...
I ride with fat-boy...
Who you calling dumb, dickless?
And you could stand to get a little smarter, ain't that right you dumb blonde fuck?
I'm just worried about your health, Larry.  You could stand to shed a few pounds.
Who the fuck died and appointed you food czar?
You should watch what you eat.
Everybody.
Who's they?
They call me Swede.
I got a surprise for you, blondie...
What a surprise...
What're you talking about, man?  I don't understand.
Just to keep me company, Sam -- I hate smoking alone.  How about you?  I thought all you IRA types smoked.
I told you, I quit.
I guess that's for the best.
Gone.  Destroyed.
What happened to it?
I don't know.  Nobody knows, except a bunch of people who are too dead to tell us.  There's probably a couple of guys back at the Company who know, but I don't think they plan to tell me anytime soon.
Tell me something first.  The package: what was it?
You better get some sleep, alright?
I know.
You don't owe me a goddamned thing, Vincent, and you know it.  You stepped in front of a bullet for me.  I owe you a heavy debt.
"Your field dressing saved his life." That's three I owe you.
Nothing...
What of it?
You speak French.
What?
You son-of-a-bitch...
Finish it!
And now...
Finish the job...
Let's get him out of here...
I'll work on it...
You have to stop doing that!
No, I don't.
Do you have a good answer?
That's a good question.
And when you finish?  What then?  This package, whatever it is, do you give it to the CIA?  Do you really think they deserve it?
And yet you would have killed him to save my life.  You have a sense of honor, Vincent, that I can't even remember anymore.  I don't know that I ever even had it to begin with.  All I know to do, Vincent, is to finish my job.
Closest and oldest.
It's the one thing I've got left to hold onto.  Jean-Pierre is one of your closest friends, is he not?
Why not?
Because I don't walk away.
Why then, Sam, don't you act like this is a job like any other?  Surely, if you are a hired gun, you realize that some times you just have to walk away without getting what you came for.
The mark of a true Samurai.  What I do for the Company, Vincent, is no different than what you do.  We're both hired guns, and this is a job -- like any other job.
Why?  You've got more force of will than anyone I've ever seen.  You handle a gun like it's a part of you, you perform surgery on yourself without anesthesia...  And most amazing of all, you quit smoking, just like that.
Would you stop with that...
What of it?  Samurai pain in the ass.
Not just like that... Just before I turn around and it's six months from now and the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning is light a cigarette.
Just like that?
Time to quit.
If I'm going to die for the CIA, I'm going to go out smoking.  Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing.
Not here.  They might see it.
Yeah.  We need out fucking heads examined.
Do we need anything else?
I think not.
In a minute.
If our positions were reversed, would you leave me?
No you don't, and you know it.
So I do it.
I know I don't need to say this to you, but I need to say it to you.  This is my job, I have to do it.
Something like that.
Business keeps you on the road?
I'm not here very much.
Why are you driving?  You're not French, you don't live here, you don't know these roads.  Why are you driving?
Gimme a goddamn cigarette!!!!
Right now?
Give me a cigarette.
You don't know?  Bullshit, you had her, there was no way out.
I don't know...
What the fuck happened?
You said it yourself: Gregor's not dead. If they had the package, they'd have killed him.
You think?
They don't have the package.
Because I owe you.  Look at that...
How could you have done that?
I would have tried not to.  But yes, if it would have kept him from shooting you, I would have.
You would have done that?
I was waiting to see what would happen. I didn't want to kill him if I didn't have to.
You were behind the door?
I know.  Jean-Pierre did.
I never made that claim.
Not very zen of you, huh?  Not so much the modern Samurai after all.
It is at that.
Very ugly.
Dark operations.  Wet work.  Kidnaping. Assassination.
Dark ops?
I'm a field agent -- last of an already extinct breed.  I do dark ops.
It's a cover, then.  A cover within a cover, a feint within a feint.  You work for the CIA, it's the only possible answer.
Sure I do.  You heard him, you heard the guy -- that's what he said, what Edvard said.
Then quit.  You don't work for Interpol, Sam.
It's my job.
Continue when it would be so much easier to give it up.
Do what?
Tell me, Sam: why do you do this?
If Tony says this is it, then it's it.
You sure your friend got the right place?
Thorough man.
The address of the Russian production company.  Just in case we need to find them.
What's this?
Yes.
The Irish representative?
I know of him.
You know him?
Good.  Now take the forceps, and remember, Vincent, what we're doing here is routine.  I've done stuff like this at least twenty times in the field.  There are no vital organs where you're working, no major muscles or arteries -- you can't kill me.  Just make sure you've got the bullet before you try to pull it out.
Clearly.
You see the bullet?
Alright, it's done.
Yes I do.
You don't have to do this.
It isn't about money for me, not anymore.
This doesn't involve you, don't you understand?  I can't even guarantee you any money out of all this.
I'm going with you.
We?  There is no we in my world now, Vincent, just me.
It looks to me like we're all that's left of our group.
My job, Vincent, a job you don't need to know about.  I can't go to the local cops -- they'd never be able to get close enough at this point.  It's me or nobody, and I've been on this job too goddamned long not to finish.
And what job is that?
If I was a cop, a real cop, I'd have busted you a long time ago.  This isn't about you, it's about the job I have to do.
You're with Interpol -- you're a cop.
Not exactly.
Fix it yourself?  Why are we even doing this?  There's no need to run, Christ...  You're a cop.
No hospitals.  I'll fix this myself if I have to.
No...I thought I'd take you to the hospital.
You know one around here?  Somebody you trust?
You see it your way, I'll see it mine. You need a doctor.
I didn't save your life back there. Risked it, maybe -- but I didn't save shit.
That makes twice now you've saved my life.
But you can't.
You're a cop...you're a fucking cop...I should kill you.
It's Paris.  The route's too indirect for anything else.  A guy like Gregor, he doesn't waste time on this road unless he has to be on it in the first place. Otherwise, he'd be out of the country by now.  He's going to Paris.  Now I just hope we can find him before he gets there.
Not necessarily.  He could go off road at any number of places.  He might not even be in the country anymore.
He's going back.
You might be a hired gun, Vincent, but I got a feeling you cost more than two bits.
I never really thought I was part of the world you move in, Sam, to tell you the truth.  I'm a hood, a thief.  Big time in a small time king of way.  To the local police I'm a prize, to the local hoods I'm a legend.  But to a guy like you I'm just another two bit hired gun.
We live in a singular world, my friend.
I won't lie -- there have been times when I had to do it, times when the only way to get out alive was to see that the other man didn't.
You don't.  You just learn to live with it.
I haven't.  Not like that.  How do you get used to it?
I've seen a lot of people die before.
A lot of people died.
It was at that.
I have a feeling I'm about to start buying my own.
Of course...whenever you feel like it just help yourself.
I borrowed that, too...
Please, help yourself.  Smoke as many you'd like.
I hope you don't mind I took your pack. It was on the table.
You were smoking?
I came up here to sneak a smoke.
You weren't around when I woke up, I thought maybe something had happened.  This has been one very fucked up job, Sam, and I'm not taking any more chances on anybody...  Including you...
What's going on?
Gregor's cell phone...
The question still remains: what do we do now?
Because that's what I would have done...
But how did you know I would have the presence of mind to pull my weapon when I did?
I saw you look off when Francois nodded his head.  I figured he wasn't pointing out a particularly rare shrub, and the rest was easy.
That there was a gun pointed at me.
Know what?
How did you know?
Well I ain't a cop.
I needed to see if you were a cop.  I'm a popular man with the police, Sam, and whenever they try to catch me they always do it with an inside guy -- some man on some job who seems more trustworthy than all the others put together.  And that's the guy you have to watch out for.  I hate cops...
You know, what you pulled back there, that was bullshit.
You need to know a lot of shit, Vincent.
I needed to know.
See what?
I just wanted to see something.
What's going on?
They'd have to keep something like this under lock and key in New York, and it would still get fucked up.
Lovely, isn't it?
Whatever it is it must be goddamned priceless.
They certainly are.  Whatever it is we're going to steal, it must be quite something.
That's right: there's not hardly enough work these days, nothing that pays the big money, anyhow.  Then along comes this job, paying so much goddamned money I couldn't afford not to take it.  Somebody's paying through the nose for this.
You were once some kind of special forces.  Airborne Ranger, maybe a Navy SEAL.  After that you rode shotgun for the CIA in some place like El Salvador or Afghanistan, a real mercenary.  Only now -- now you're like the rest of us, it's a very competitive market since the end of the cold war.  There's a lot of hired guns out here, and not nearly enough work to go around.
Who am I?
I wanted to see who you were.
I've wondered that myself.  None of this answers my question, though...  Why bring me?
I wonder if she truly left the IRA.
Deirdre?  Smart, yeah, and seriously goddamned dangerous.
So is the woman.
Watch that one, he's an ex-spook for sure, maybe Stasi, maybe KGB.  He's smart, Gregor is.
Let's just say I thought the conversational possibilities were limited.  Of course, I might have brought Gregor, but he didn't seem like the right candidate -- for this.
Exactly.  Why not bring them?
Like Larry or Swede.
So, Vincent: why bring me along for the ride?  Job like this calls for a warm body, somebody who can stand around and look threatening.  A tough guy.
There is that.
It has it's moments.  Course, you get cancer and die, that's the down side.
Christ, I smoke a pack-and-a-half a day, and I tell myself I could be worse.  It's just so damned pleasurable.
I do.
A cigarette?  As in one?  One cigarette a week, who smokes like that?
I have, I don't know, maybe a cigarette a week.
Help yourself.  Since when do you smoke?
One's a lot more painful than the other.
What's the difference?
Not at all.  Similar, but not the same.
Same thing, isn't it?
Jujitsu.
That was a nice move you did on our young friend.  Judo?
I asked if we could give him anything else.
What'd you say to him?
I don't.  But the language he's speaking is universal.
I didn't know that you spoke French.
And I suppose he's saying that we oughta give them something for using it, huh?
Something like that...
As in, they own it?
He says this is their block.
That's what I thought.
Pretty much what you'd expect.
I can do that.
To see a man about a thing.
Where to?
Things.  This is my country, you know.
Coordinate what?
I'm Vincent.  And I coordinate.
Let's just say he knows who I am.
He trusts you to lock up?
No thanks.
Cigarette?
I know cops -- and you're no cop.
Perhaps the police?
Who else would you be?
What makes you think we're here to meet you?
Sorry I'm late...
Seamus Reilly.
Last I heard there was a film rep for the Irish players staying at this address, name of Seamus Reilly.
Gonna be tough.
It's the Irish tape we want.
Cause the Russian production company would be easier to find.
Why's that?
I'm sure.
You sure?
Gaelic.
It's an international thing.  Several different peoples involved, criminals from all over the world, experts brought together to do a job.  But maybe the most interesting thing about it is that preeminent in the plot we find the Russian Mob and the IRA in bed together. An unlikely group of partners.
What's the story?
You slept with the fucker!!
You put everything on the line because you...
You should have kill him when you had the chance.  But no...
You slept with her!
How is it these fellahs managed to get the drop on us?
You slept with her!
Why didn't you kill him?
Why didn't you kill her?
It's a matter of respect.  Why don't you wait outside, this won't take long.
I gotta try and overcharge him, he has to moan about the price, we settle somewhere in the middle.
Tony and I have to talk some business, first.
I get the picture.
Seamus Reilly, boy's a serious Irish Auteur -- a real firebrand.  Thinks his more moderate filmmaking brethren have turned to making movies for peace-loving pussies, if you see what I'm saying.
The Russian would be easier.
Can you get it?
All depends on whether you want the Russian or the Gaelic language version.
You said you might know where we can get a copy of this tape?
What I've heard so far, it's all a lot of talk.  I wasn't so sure what to make of it at first, cause, like I said, the Irish and the Russians are an unlikely mix.
I might know where you could get a copy.
Do you have the tape?
Matter of face there's this flick I've been hearing about.  I haven't seen it, but from what I hear it's pretty cool.
I was wondering if you had any movies that were particularly new.
Why don't we step into my office...
A friend.  I was telling him about how you always have the latest tapes.
Doing well.  This is?
I'm alright.  And you?
My man, how you doing?
Don't lie to me!!!!
I don't know what you're -
Shut up!  Not another word out of you!  You're going down, the Feds know all about it!  You didn't know some of it was marked, did you! Where's the rest?
Dwayne listen to me -
I should kill you right here! I never thought you'd do this to me but I guess there's a lot I didn't know about you!
I can't get enough of it.
Whatsamatter with you?  Aren't you concerned about all of this?
I want to get some hounds down here.
Damn.
None of them had any --
I'd like to know what they were doing in my town!  Did you get ID off any of them?
Looks like some kind of drug deal or something, they're not from around here --  one of them's still alive.
What the hell happened here?
Hey Dwayne why don't you introduce him to your funeral parlor cousin?
Sort of!
Rock solid.
And you're solid on that?
Uh huh.
That'll bring me down, too. Eventually.  You gotta know that.
I can't.  I can't go on.  I can't keep lying...killing.  That's not me.  That's not US.
Just one more.  This one knocks off all the rest.
It's not about the money anymore. Can't you see that?  It's about
You're the one who's nuts! There's no one left to touch us, Booth.  We're home free!  We just plant a little of the money on Dwayne, and it's all ours.
Yes it is.  I'm calling it in.  Right now.
It's NOT too late!
It's too late...
Dwayne had the opportunity, just like us.  He was at the scene.  He grabbed the cash.  Of course.  This is perfect!
What are you talking about?
I know, I know.  Dwayne's dead, but we can deal with it.  We'll pin it on him.  The DEA was driving Jesse's car. No car phone.  No radio.  They couldn't have called me in.
Dwayne's dead.
What do you mean?  Look.  We can make still make it work.
No.  It stops now.  It stops here.
We got to get out of here.  Do you understand?  We got to get out of here right now!
He killed her...
Booth, listen to me...Booth!
He found us, he shot her...he killed her...
What happened?  What's Earl doing here?
He killed her...he killed her...
Oh Jesus...
Then Sally comes too.
That's right.
We've got to go now, then.
We'll take the money and disappear! We can do it, spend it on the move. Even if all of it's marked, there's ways around it.
We're not?  How do you figure that?
No we're not.
Then we're screwed.
I don't know.  They got all kinds of high-tech shit nowadays.
It was all used.  Random numbers. How can they trace it?
I don't know for sure, but why else would they head for the bank?
I sure as hell hope so.  Let's go.
Do you have everything?
Come on. Booth grabs the bag --
Maybe we should say somethin'.
Yes I DO!  It never woulda stopped, you know that.  Jesse's always gonna be making mistakes and we'd be paying for them for the rest of our lives.
You don't know if he was really gonna --
We're doing what we gotta do, to protect ourselves!
Jesus Christ Earl...what are we doing?...
Like hell it is.  This is Jesse! Jesse!
It's gonna be o.k.
You killed him...
Even if we have the tape, that wouldn't shut him up!
There it is...now what about the others?
Here it is.
I'm just making our intentions clear. Go check the desk.
What are you thinking?  We were only supposed to scare him!
I don't know!  Shit, give me a break!
How long is it going to take?!
Who said anything about killing?  Just keep driving straight...
Not bad enough to kill him.
How badly do you want that money?! How bad do you want to stay out of jail?
You're crazy.
I don't know...we have to shut him up somehow. Booth looks at Earl --
Well what are we supposed to do?
I don't think he's going to be doing any bargaining with us, the stupid son-of-a-bitch!  Besides, I'm not giving him a third of anything, not after everything we had to do.
Maybe we can reason with Jesse, give him a third in exchange for the tape.
If you're any friend at all, you'll stop talking like that!
Look, Earl.  We gotta go straight. This is all messed up...
Neither do I.
No.
You think he's bluffing?
Yeah, I mean you're coming unglued, Jesse.
You're out of your mind.
Well I mean it this time.  Come on.  Let's get this over with!
You said that last time!
For Christ's sake, Booth, I just needed to take care of a few debts is all!  You got my word on it --I'm not going near it again until everything cools down.
We had a deal!  What was I, talking to the wall?
He's a partner now, Earl, like it or not.
He's going to be trouble.
Forget the copies!  He could have made up the copies -- the only thing that incriminates us is the original.
He's probably made copies.  He's not going to give them up to us.
All we have to do is get our hands on the original tape.  We'll set him up somehow.
And how do you figure we do that?
I've got a better idea.  All we have to do is straighten out Jesse.
...Or get rid of the money.  I don't know.
Well doesn't he?  Besides if the DEA heard that tape we'd be behind bars right now.  Just call it the cost of doing business.  This whole thing is screwed up.  I'm thinking.  Maybe we should tell 'em the truth...
Well I'm not!  Thinks he's got us by the balls.
All right enough!  I'm tired of thinking about all this!
I could kill that no good son of a bitch!
Exactly.  This is our little secret, partner.
He would have done it to us, right?
Listen.  Do you want to go to jail? Taking evidence, tampering with a crime scene.  You know what they'd do.
That's not what I mean.
Okay then.  I'll do it.
I can't do that.
Well neither have I, but it's us or him.  If he talks, or writes a note	or whatever, he's gonna turn us in.  Besides, he's just a low life scumbag.  His kind is hardly even human anyway.
You're thinking about killing him. I can't do that.  No way.  I've never killed a man.  Never even shot at one.
I don't know...
What are you thinking?
Shit!  We're gonna have to get rid of him.  I'm not letting some gangbanger ruin my life.  We can't risk it.
He'll tell them everything to save his ass. That's how they all work it!
How long you been lying there playing possum with us, huh? Answer me!
Man take it easy!  You're sweating like crazy!
I should have known something like this was going to happen!
It's the stupid thing to do, that's what it is.
It's the right thing to do.
Are you nuts?  They'll fry us for sure.  There's no way we're doin' that, you understand?  No way.
We gotta turn ourselves in, before they hear the tape.
Oh, right, with a little help from his pals Booth and Earl.  I'm sure that's gonna fly real far when they hear that tape...
No we didn't.  He died on his own.
We assaulted a Federal agent.  We killed him.
Well, we didn't know that at the time.
That guy was a Federal agent. An officer of the law, just like us.
I don't know you want me to put on my cape and fly there?!  We're going to play it cool... besides there might be nothing on that tape anyway...
This isn't a joke. What are we going to do!
I don't know...
We're dead.  We're dead, We are dead...  What are we going to do?!
Forget it.  We're going to bury it, and we're not going to even think about it until everything dies down.  And no one, I mean no one hears a word about it.	 Understand?
Fair enough, I'll take it to my place.
Look.  Dwayne was right.  This is going to be a big story.  So big in fact that I don't want to even have this money around.
Well we didn't kill him, he died on his own.
I don't want to hear about miracles and God and all that!  We tried to murder someone to cover our asses!
I tell you it was a miracle the way things turned out --
Listen. Do you want to go to jail? Taking evidence, tampering with a crime scene.  You know what they'd do.
That's not what I mean.
Okay then.  I'll do it.
I...I can't do that.
Well neither have I, but it's us or him.  If he talks, or writes a note, or whatever, he's gonna turn us in.  Besides, he's a low life scumbag.  His kind is hardly even human anyway.
You're thinking about killing him.  I can't do that.  No way.  I've never killed a man.  Never even shot at one...
I don't know...
What are you thinking?
I'm not letting some gangbanger send me to jail.  We can't risk it.
He'll tell them everything to save his ass. That's how they all work it!
How long you been lying there playing possum with us, huh? Answer me!
He saw everything!
I don't know!  Son of a bitch! Who the hell are you?
Well, I don't know.  I'm putting it out of my mind and you should too --
What are you gonna do?
Shhh!
Well, we won't do any of that shit!
We're going to be patient. If we start flashing money around, buying fancy cars and fancy clothes, people are going to ask questions.
What's that?
I've got one condition.
I don't know.
We'll leave a few packets in the trunk, and stash the rest somewhere else.  Car went up in the gunfight.
Torch it?!
We'll torch the bases, how's that?
All right we will.
I do.  It's little shit like that sends people to jail! We have to cover all the bases if we're going to pull this!
Maybe.  Who cares?
All right hold on!  Lemme think...  Shit, did you touch the car?
They killed themselves.  Besides, they were breaking the law.  What they were doing was wrong!  Whatsamatter Booth, don't you believe in miracles?
At the expense of six people.
That's right!
Oh so God's like Western Union and he just dropped us a couple million bucks?
It's no accident we stumbled on this money.  It's an answer to a prayer!  Every night and every day I've prayed that God would just -- help me out a little, give me a little push.  Tonight my prayer came true.
Because...I know.
What makes you so sure?
I'll worry about that when it happens and if it happens, and it's not gonna happen!
It's going to go bigger than that. Could you stare someone straight in the face and lie about it?
Who's going to question us? Dwayne?  Jesse?
Suppose someone knows about the money?  They're bound to ask questions.
We would never have to worry about money -- ever again, Jesus!
We'll figure something out.
I told Trudy we were coming down this way, that's why!
Why?
It won't work.
Hell, it won't be us!
Well someone's gonna find them.
Come on Booth!  Look at these scumbags around us.  Who's going to know what happened!  Let's take it and get out of here!
We don't know that.
Robbed a bank, c'mon!  Don't you think we would have heard if one, two --  shit I don't know how many were at large!  Don't you think there would be a bulletin?  This is a big ass drug deal!
We don't know whose money it is!  They might have robbed a bank, who knows?
Look around you partner!  You said yourself you never saw anything like it.
No.  We can't.
Why?  Are you kidding me?
Call it in I guess.  Why?
I mean -- Earl grabs Booth's arm --
What do you mean what are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
Shit, more than that.
There must be over a million dollars in here.
Ten thousand right here.
They're out of towners... Arizona plates...
What the hell...
That's what everyone thinks.  But according to him, when it's the real thing, it's quite an intimidatin' environment in which to concentrate.
I probably would have.  I guess the clues damn near before everyone.
Oh, you would have done great.
Never heard of it.
Cash and Carry, you know, FDR, World War two...
Cash and what?
He would have won more but he blew it at the end.  Didn't know what Cash and Carry was.
Seven thousand...
Yeah...I remember my brother-in-law Gary, the wheel watcher.  He finally got on the show and won seven thousand dollars!  Plus some leather furniture. Do you think I saw any of that?  His excuse was the government got it all.
I hear you.
I would have asked my sister, but its better to leave family out, always leads to trouble.
Well I hope so.  That pretty much cleaned me out.
Thanks for the loan, man.  I'll have it in a few days, I promise.
The horniest dog in Nevada.
How old is Otis anyhow, thirty?
I knew you'd come through. Jesse observes the transaction Booth and Earl start to leave.
Don't spend it all in one place.
Sure thing, and --
Ready to roll, partner?
What are you doing, Earl?
OKAY! IT'S UNDER MY DESK!!  TAPED TO THE BOTTOM SIDE!!!
Whoa, Earl!
HELLLLLP!!!!
Shut up, Jesse.
You're only screwing yourselves over!  Helllllp!  HELLLLLP!  SOMEBODY!!!
Don't have much choice, Jesse. You saw to that!
Come on, Booth.  Don't let him do this!!!
You better believe it if you know what's good for you!
You don't expect us to believe that do you?
No.  It's not.
I was beginning to think you weren't going to show.  That can't be all of it.
I'm not gonna take --  I'm not gonna take it in stride.  I had a good run turn to shit on me like that -  cleaned me out.
Just take it in stride.
Well I don't know what's going to happen next -- she's pressing this, another interrogation, another problem.
None of us like it!
I don't like getting grilled by that DEA bitch, I don't like taking that kind of heat!
I want my share. All of it.
What are you proposing?
There's going to have to be a change in our arrangement.
By Friday.
Two thousand...
I understand your logic, Booth, but I don't think...two thousand's going to raise any eyebrows, do you?
How much?
Ok...I'll wait.  For now. But I'm going to need a little advance, to oil the wheels, so to speak.
That's the deal.  If you don't like it, forget it, no one wins.
Well, I don't know...
We're going to wait.  All of us, until everything dies down.
I'm all ears.
All right, Jesse, we'll play it your way, under one condition.
Besides, I'm not stupid, Earl. The tape was a basic Maxell D-80.  You can buy 'em at any store.  There's no way they can pin anything on me.
My offer?  Well I'd say it's a fair one, like I said we're friends.  All I want is my share, which I guess is...
What's your offer, Jesse?
Listen Earl.  I covered for you. For both of you.  I put my ass on the line to save yours, so don't pull a hostile tone with me!
My point, well...
Why don't you get to the point.
You gentlemen look like you're about to toss your collective cookies.
It's odd.  I don't know how Denning had the time, or the ability to buy something local, based on his situation.
Yeah?  So?
Denning was wearing a bug.
What's that?
Well, we have one lead and that's what I'm looking into next.
Yes.  Wife and a kid.  Don't blame yourself, Deputy.  You did all you could.  You have our deepest gratitude...and my personal thanks.
You mean that guy was an agent?
Normally we would have tracked him with a wiretap, but it was standard for him to occasionally drop out when working with these guys. The last we heard from him was two days ago.
Maybe.  That's where it was during Denning's last report.
Could it have been in the Mercedes?
Because someone may have gotten away.
No.  Why?
Thank you.  Now, do you remember seeing any vehicles traveling near the site, on your way to or from?
Hello.
How are ya?
You know I do.
Sally, do you love me?
I swear to you, it's true...
I don't believe it.
Things just got a little screwed up, that's all.
Yeah.  I want to tell you everything.
Do you wanna tell me what that was all about?
Yeah, it is...
Yeah, I guess you're right.  It's just...all so sudden...
We'll meet new people. You might have friends out there you never met.
I don't know.  My friends...
Sally there's a whole world out there.  We can have a new home. A real home, not some tin-plated dump.  What are you giving up?
I'm not sure why.  It's just, I've never been anywhere else...
Why does that bother you?
It'll be more than enough.  We can get out of here...
Can you rely on how much they said you'd get?
Shouldn't be long.  A couple of weeks maybe.
When do you expect this inheritance stuff to be straightened out?
I'll be there for you.  He won't try anything while I'm there.  I promise.  I'll protect you.
I don't know, Booth.
I'm going to quit.  That's what has to happen first.  Then we're going to tell him.
How are we going to do all this?
Well I was just throwing out ideas...
A satellite dish?
I love you.
I love you Sally.
So do I.
It'd have to be Switzerland to make sure Dwayne never finds us.
We'd... I don't know...go to California, New York, maybe a house on a Swiss mountainside...
I hate it when you talk like this.  Go on.
Let's just get out of here, get out of this -- place.  We'll drop out, get a house have some kids, get a satellite dish...
I used to think he was something, once...  I was eighteen, I didn't know any better, and he had something steady to offer.
It doesn't matter...he's next to you.  You know, I always say to myself, you should have left him years ago. Why didn't you?
He doesn't slobber, he just snores. And I told you we haven't...done anything in over a year.
Every night I think about you sleeping with him, him slobbering all over you.
I know.
Dammit, I'm so sick of this.
Let's hope so. SALLY If he asks me again, I'm gonna tell him I returned it all.
It's OK, Booth, it's no big deal.
Great...
He started digging through my closet, something he never does.
How the hell did he find it?
I told him I bought the lingerie, as a surprise.  I don't think he suspects anything, but now you know, if he mentions it.
Well, I can't let you down now, can I?
You're worth every last penny.
There isn't gonna be a next time. We're gonna get out of here.
And I'd end up a widow in two ways.  Let's forget it.  I'll just be a little more careful next time.
And I'd take it out on him.
Let's not get into this again. I know him.  If you said something, he'd take it out on me.
Booth.  Don't.  It's nothing. It's not worth it.  Remember what happened the last time?
That son of a bitch.
He's not, he's...
Like hell it's over.  You told me he wasn't doing this anymore.
Dwayne got a little tipsy is all. He doesn't handle pressure well.  It's over.
Nothing happened?
What happened to your cheek? SALLY Oh I...nothing...
You deserve it is the occasion.
You got me something?  What's the occasion?
I'm in here.
Sally?  I was beginning to think he wasn't gonna leave.
I love you too.
OK.  I love you.
I'm just tired is all.  I'll see you tonight OK baby?
Yeah I'm fine.
Are you sure you're OK?
OK.
Oh.  You coming by tonight?
Nothing's wrong.
Nothing.
What's wrong?
I know.
It was all over the local news. Dwayne was there, acting all official.
Yeah.
Heard you had quite a night.
Hi.
Hi.
I might have to look into that...
Get a room in a nice hotel for a few hours...
No.  But he would, probably.
Has he?
Ah hell, he'd do the same for me.
He's irresponsible.
Well, not that I wouldn't sugar bun but Earl's in a bind.  They're going to take his car.
Yeah but I need to take out four hundred dollars and the ATM will only give me three.
There's an ATM on Speedwell Avenue.
I gotta take some money out, that's what for.
What for?
I have to go to the bank before it closes.
Thanks for your time.
A week ago, at most.
Be more specific.  A month, a week...
Could it have been this?
I don't remember.  We get a lot of people in here.
What did he buy?
Yeah, I've seen him.
First you question my integrity, then you call me stupid...  ...that hurts, son.
What is this?  Don't be stupid man...
Am I speaking English here?  How-about-you-give-us-what-you- have-and-leave?
What?
How about you give us what you have and leave.
And what's that?
I have a better plan.
What?
I have a better plan.  You want to hear it?
You said that, I didn't.
You didn't answer my question. Are you saying my word is of no value to you?
Business is business.  Now where the hell is it?  I wanna get out of here.  That's the plan, we're just flunkies, you know what I'm saying?
Sounds like you don't trust me.
Yeah.
Test the product?
Hell, I don't know.  If I had some input I'd offer it up.
What do you think about all this?
This just might be our ticket!
I don't know.
We had hounds down at the scene, the footprint trail was a bust. And there were no other tire tracks in the vicinity.
What makes you say that?
Cause we got footprints leading into that brush, I want to see where it leads...  Jesus, seven dead.  I'll tell you I've never seen carnage like this in all my seventeen years of sheriffing these parts.  I don't like it.  Not in my jurisdiction.
Why?
Speaking of which that reminds me I have to bring something home or eat Sally's meatloaf again, and I don't think I could stand that.
Don't worry the real men are in charge now.
All right, deputies, take care, don't let your meat loaf.
Did you say After Midnight?
OK...this is good.  Our first solid lead.
Fine.  The information doesn't leave this room.
Dwayne...  It is imperative that we keep this confidential.	Now we know someone's out there.  Very close. It may even be the son of a bitch that killed my partner.
Dwayne.
Sheriff Hogan --
Well yes I understand that, we don't want them high-tailing it out of here.
Well you can understand why we didn't say anything.  If word got out that we had a track on the money it would only work against us.
Have you known this all along?
We don't know.  Whoever got this payload together has one hell of a laundering system.
Mm-hmm...
Hell no. besides I'm just a radio call away if something happens. I feel I should keep abreast of what happens, seeing it's my jurisdiction and all.
Don't you have to be here?
Maybe I should come along.
Oh that was Agent Wallace.  We're going to check into something.
Because they don't want anyone to hear what's on it, obviously.
Why would someone do that?
Well, unfortunately Denning's not here to tell us, but I would say someone got their hands on that tape and switched it.
What are you getting at?
Maybe.  Maybe not.
Don't you think I would have told you that!
Uh, no...
We appreciate that.
Well we'd like to help you in any way we can.  We're all in this together, as law enforcement officers.
Damn! MARTIN I'm sorry to have dragged you all the way down here for that.  I thought maybe it would help. Booth lets out an inaudible deep breath -- Earl immediately plays up to Martin, clearly relieved --
Well nothing audible to us.  Maybe the lab can pick something up.
Excellent. I'll go down with you.
Yeah.  I told him I'd be there before five.
That's news to me.  So it's over at Jesse's office?
He kept a recording of all such transactions in order to keep track of who's who, what was said, what's happening.  I contacted your local coroner, and he found it taped to his back.
I wanted to ask you some questions about last night.
I guess we can get started.
Sure... DISSOLVE TO EXT HOGAN HOUSE -- NIGHT
Yeah, racy stuff, you know the kind, right?
Lingerie...
Not exactly.  It's some lingerie store on the strip.
What the hell is that, some kind of porno store or something?
Yeah.
So there was money there!  Who the hell's money is it?!
Some of it.  Denning only handled a small portion of the total, but it looks like this was one of his bills.
Is this marked money, or what?
Mr. Curtis called us this afternoon. The bills arrived at this branch from a cash drop.  Came through a store called After Midnight.  There's only four employees, none of them can tell us who passed them.
Oh yeah.  Between here and Vegas we get a lot of customers.  All types.  Even had an officer, just like you.
A lot of men come in here?
Oh, that's ok, a lot of men feel uncomfortable when they come in here.
I'm just not very good...with all of this stuff.
Sure.
Well...I should have done a little homework, getting all the sizes, and what not.
No I don't.  You sure you haven’t seen her?
Do you know...34 C?  32 C?
Yeah I'd say C...C.
C?
Uh...C?
Let's see...do you know her cup size?
Oh.
No, I can't say that I have.
Shopping here?
Have I seen her?
I don't suppose you've seen her.
Hmmm...
Yeah, she is.  She comes up to about here on me.
We are having a sale on some items over here --
Sixty five...  Jeez Louise!
Well I don't know...
Anything...specific?
I have an anniversary coming up, thought I'd buy her something special.
Well I just uh, you know...
Anything I can help you with?
Hi.
Hello.
Well, I just got a lot of things on my mind is all.
You walked in here looking like you just ate a shit sandwich.
No.  Something wrong with you Dwayne?
Something wrong, Jesse?
Well I'm here now.
Nice of you to join us.  I did say three o'clock, didn't I?
Yeah...see you at three.
I  have complete faith in you. But don't you go speeding.
I'll do my best...that doesn't give me much time.
So be here at three.
Uh, sure.  I hear you.
Well they really didn't go into any details on the phone, but they did ask for you, and I figure we should try to help them out as best we can.
About what?
Well, we got the DEA coming down here again, I don't know, sounds to me like they got some more questions they want to ask us.
Why?
Vegas!  Can you hightail it back here by three o'clock?
I'm at a payphone in Vegas.  What's up?
Yeah whaddya want?.
Jesse?
Yeah.  That's all I need, to become one of your in-laws.
She's not his type.
Sort of.
Do you even have a girlfriend, Jesse?
Take it or leave it.
Aw, now that’s gonna take time to clear!
Dammit you’re persistent.  I don’t want to listen to this anymore.  No more bets with you.
No.  But what I would like is the forty dollars you owe me, and I’m a busy man.
All right you’re the super sleuth, what do you want, a medal?
Very clumsy, very clumsy.  I’d have found it in a minute.
He probably figured she was on her way out anyhow, no drugs in her system, no foul play.
Damn it’s hot in here...
I mean at least pick a more discreet place, the scalp, under the armpit, under the tongue, someplace where the trained eye won’t immediately look.
Just goes to show you.
Calm down --
Dwayne please calm down!
You'd do this to me!
Dwayne -
You'd do this to me?!
Shut up!!!  Slut!!!
Dwayne put the gun down --
You shut your mouth you son of a bitch!
It certainly is...
Save me the sermon.  I've heard it all before, it's boring.
No, Dwayne, you go ahead and relax, have a six pack and fall asleep in front of the TV, and come upstairs and pass out.  And do it all over again tomorrow!
Look I worked all day, I'm tired as hell and I want to sit and eat in peace!  Is that asking too much?
Whatever...
Well I got the tires rotated, I went shopping, and I made dinner.
Yeah let's hear about your day.
Don't you want to hear about my day?
Just trying to be civil Dwayne.
Well you might as well say it. Mister Small Time...
I didn't say that.  You did.
Suppose I'm not exciting enough for you.
That hasn't stopped you before.
Not much to tell.  Nothing really happened.
Nothing.  Nothing's the matter. SALLY Aren't you going to tell how your day went?
Watch that.  Watch that tone.
I'm saying you're about as romantic as a bag of sand.
What are you saying?
A surprise huh?  Well I don't like any surprises, especially if I'm forking over the loot for them!
It was going to be a surprise!
Forget it.
I can't hear a word you're saying!
Where's the hot back -- the therapeutic pad thing?
What?
Hey where's the hot pad?
I don't know...
What's this?
Stop!  Stop!  I don't need the money.  You can have it all.
Easy to purchase, hard to detect. Too much potassium can kill a man.  Just have to...pick a discreet spot.
We gotta, Jesse.  It's tough, but you didn't leave us any choice.  We gotta know where the tapes are.
Don't hurt me.
Well it's not here -- you're wasting your time and you're pissing me off!
I don't suppose you'll tell us where the tape is.
We're gonna talk.
What the hell are you doing, you crazy some bitches --
I think I am.
You're never getting that much.
You want to see how more unglued I can get?  Try me.
Well you can't have it.
So I want the money and I want it now.
Oh Jesus Christ...
I was on a roll!  I’m a little overextended now.
What do you mean?  You gambled it?
Listen -
Well you're not getting, either.
I'm not asking.
Just do it!  Meet me there, now.
What?
Meet me at the Tumbleweed Diner.
Right behind you.
We're out of here.
True, but neither is attempted murder. In fact I'd say that's considerably worse, wouldn't you, Earl?
And if we refuse?  Your tampering with evidence isn't exactly a misdemeanor, did you ever consider that?
I'll settle for a third of that.
Then what the hell are you all about?
Hey we're all friends, right? Friends don't squeal on friends, that's not what Jesse Segundo is all about.
Absolutely positively.
Thank you honey.  are you sure you don't want it?
You've done without it long enough, ma.
Well I don't know --
Ah, hell I'll get one soon enough.  Besides, I want you to have it.
Don't you want it?
Yeah.  Figured you could have it.
This whole place?
Yep, fifteen thousand BTU's, enough to cool off this whole place.
That's great Earl!
And not just any air conditioner. This baby sells for over six hundred dollars retail.
Well what do you know!  An air conditioner.
Well basically I forgot about it, you know, you never win these things, but this time, well...
And what happened?
There was this raffle going on at the station, some charity or church was running it, I forget, so I figure what the hell put in my five bucks...
You do?
Yeah sure I'll grab something before I go...  Hey -- I've got a surprise.
Are you hungry?
At least around here it does.
I tell you this world just keeps getting more and more violent.
Nope. If you're a criminal you don't carry ID, and if you do you're a damn fool.
Did they ever find out who they were?
It was pretty gory ma, let me tell you.  But you have to turn all that off, and do your job, just like pop used to say.
People have been asking me about that story in the paper.  I told them you were the first person on the scene.  They were asking me for all the details.
Well, same ol' same ol'.
How's work?
Yeah.
Is that the mail?
I was in the neighborhood.
I didn't know you were coming.
Hi.
Hi ma.
Not getting an answer?  For Christ's sake!  Call 911!  Let's get it locked down here!
I'm not getting an answer.
This isn't right...
What do you think?  Heart attack?
Yeah.
We're going to find out.
You think he skipped town?
I knew it, I knew it all along - shit!
He didn't make it into work, and he's not home.
We're doing a check on the manufacturers'	serial number, see if there were other defective tapes in the bunch.  What's your take on these local boys?  Are they providing any answers?
No, it doesn't.  Neither does his blank tape.  Any news on that?
I don't know how else you'd explain it.  The coroner's estimated time of death for everyone there was long before this fire started, unless of course Denning started it, and that doesn't make much sense.
So someone did get away.
That fire was set.  Deliberately. And probably not by anyone found at the scene.
So...what's the good news?
Yeah, we did.  It was unleaded, high octane.
That doesn't tell us much. Did you run a check on the gas like I told you?
Not in the trunk.
There was more than that.
But nowhere near three million dollars worth.  I would say maybe twenty thousand.
Money.
Anything in it?
We retrieved a few things from the trunk, including a steamer trunk, or the remnants of a trunk, the brass clips and so forth.
Give me the bad news.
You want to hear the good news first, or the bad news?
Sir, I'm working on a big case over here -- and by the time I get back they're gonna make you Governor.  Captain, you there?  Hello?  Shit!
No, Carter.  The reason I'm screwed is because the entire department is about to find out the stolen credit cards we impounded were used to buy two first class upgrades to Hong Kong.  And what the hell is Heaven on Earth?
Is it because of the hookers, sir?  You tell them there's no crime in being lonely.
I've waited my whole life for this job, but I don't have a shot in hell of getting it.  Do you know why?
Two hundred cops?  Was Mario Sanchez there?  He owes me money.
Do you know what happened yesterday, Carter?  I was officially nominated for the Commissioner's post for the LAPD. There was a dinner last night, two hundred LAPD officers were there.
Did I say dinner?  I meant diner. Biscuits and gravy, you love that shit.
It's nine-thirty in the morning.
Hong Kong?  I'm not in Hong Kong.  I'm in Hollywood -- right at Sunset and Vine, two minutes from the station.  How about I pick you up right now and take you to dinner?
Is it true, Carter?  Are you in Hong Kong right now?
I'm up a hundred and fifty-grand. That's a Ferrari.  Do they sell those here in the gift shop?  Somebody cash me out!
Winner!  Four, winner!
Two-hundred thousand dollars?  Who wants a hundred dollars?
Two-hundred thousand!
How much is that?
Winner six!
Everyone else at the table has thousand dollar chips, but the black man gets the nickel, is that it?  Did my people survive two-hundred years of slavery so you could send us back to the cotton fields with five-hundred dollar chips? Do I look like Chicken George to you?
No, sir.
You assumed a brother coming in here can only afford five-hundred dollars a roll, is that right?  Are you a racist?
No, I just assumed...
Did you give me five-hundred dollar chips because I'm black?
Those are five hundred dollar chips.
What the hell is that?
Mr. Tan is not to be disturbed by the help.
Last party all he wanted was Sting -- not one person danced.  Tonight I'm doing Superfreak, I don't care what he says.  Where is he?
Wait.
I got held up at a wedding in Tai Koo. Ricky here yet, I need to get his requests.
The band has been playing over an hour.
I'm with the band.  I'm the lead singer.
Invitation, please.
All right, Kenny.  Thanks.  You're off the hook.  For now.
I knew it.  The guy's name is Zing.  He works at the kitchen at Reign Plaza.
One of my regulars lost fifty thousand dollars at the table here last week.  I was about to send my boys down to tune his ass up, when the guy comes in and pays off the whole thing.  Including the vig -- brand new sequential hundred dollar bills.  I knew something was wrong.  Cause this guy's got a regular job, no way he comes up with fifty grand in cash. But I tested the bills, infrared.  The whole thing.  And they checked out. 100%.
What?
Yeah.  We already been there.  This is big, Kenny.  Benjamins.  Secret Service calls 'em superbills.  Banks can't even tell the difference.
I know Teddy Wu is cranking out a pretty good double sawbuck -- but you knew that too, didn't you?
So tell me what you know.
You've been asking loud questions in all the wrong places all morning.  How come you always save me for last, James? When are you gonna learn.  Shit don't happen I don't know about.
How'd you know?
Is this about the funny money?
Look, I need some info and I don't have time to play around.
I'd like to see you try.
Jail!?  James, you better back off. Badge or no badge, I'll kick your ass.
Little Chang is gonna have to go visit his daddy in jail if you don't cooperate.
James, you see my kids back there?  You know how much I'm paying for private school?  How can you come in here with this attitude, you being little Chang's godfather?
And I got mine, meaning you.  Nice how that works out.  I'm serious this time, I'm closing this place down.
I got my sources.
What??  Where'd you hear that?
Hear you got your ass kicked in Hong Kong, James.
The real question is, where are the plates?  If we can find the plates, we can stop the whole operation.
What the hell are they going to do with a hundred million dollars in funny money?
They use an optical transfer ink from India that burns red -- the real ink burns black.
In 1959, the United States was very friendly with the Shah of Iran.  We wanted his oil, so for the Shah's birthday, the government gave him a gift -- a U.S. Treasury Intaglio press.  The only one to ever leave the country. Five years ago Ricky Tan bought that press on the black market.
How're they getting into the U.S. Mint to use the presses?
It's much more than a counterfeit.  14 out of 15 world banks can't tell the difference.  The paper is Crane linen blend -- and the bills are printed on U.S. Intaglio presses.
It's a myth.  Some kind of counterfeit.
They think I'm a crooked customs agent.
So what's your story?
Look, I've been working this case for months now...
We need to get out of sight.  Come down to my suite.
Yeah, that's right.
How do we know you're not lying?  Let me see your badge.
I'm an undercover agent for the United States Secret Service.
Throw us in jail?  I'm about to bust you right now.
You see, no bomb.  Now stay away before I throw you both in jail for obstruction.
Your friend's ship?  Oh, man.  I must've walked onto the wrong yacht.  I knew there was a reason my keys didn't work.
I'm sure, because this is my friend's yacht.  And it's his party.
Red Dragon?  You sure about that?
The S.S. Minow Johnson.  Funny, the name on the back was "Red Dragon."
Called?  What's my ship called?  Well...it's called the S.S. Minnow Johnson.
Well, I'm very tempted.  It's such a beautiful yacht.  What's it called?
I don't want to play games with you, Isabella.  I like you.  I can see myself with you -- in one of those bathrooms over there in about five minutes.
El Capitan?
That's right.  I'm the owner, the Captain -- you can call me El Capitan.
This is your ship?
I'm sorry, you looked like you traveled in the best circles.  But hey, I understand.  Make yourself at home, Isabella.  Champagne, caviar, whatever you want.  My ship is your ship.
I don't think so.
San Juan!  You must know my good friend Pedro Martinez Hernandez Hector Elizondo.
Isabella Molina, from San Juan.  That seat is taken.
How you doing, baby?  My name is Prince Mubutu from Nigeria.
C'mon, Lee.  He's going to jail.  You won, now just put the gun down.
Do you have it in you, Lee?  Or are you gonna spend the rest of your life hiding like your father?
Lee, you okay?
Would you like me to tell you how your father died?
I ain't his partner, I'm a tourist.  I got proof.  See, I got a mini-bar key.
Could you have your partner wait for us outside?
That's Chief Inspector, he got promoted.
It's no problem.  But I must excuse myself, inspector.
I'd like to pay you for that laptop.
I don't think so...
Let's go.  I've got girls and chicken and hot oil waiting for me.
I'm Lee's new muscle, his right arm -- and don't let the robe fool you.  This is the only color they had left.  Now get up!
I know you, Detective Carter, right? You're Lee's American friend.  Enjoying your visit?
I said get on your feet!
I'm busy at the moment.
She is nice.  But I am very tense.  I'm gonna need a lot of massages.  I'll take that one, too.  How you doin', baby? And...that one in pink.  She can do my feet.
Oh yes, she's very nice.
Any girl?  Okay.  Let's start with that one.
You pick any girl for you and your friend.
No.  It's my first time.
You get massage from Chinese girl before?
Never leave home without it.  Lee, this one's on me.  You save your money.
You bring American money?
That's right.
Oh, you American?
You play games with me, Detective, and you'll lose every time.  Don't forget. The odds are always in favor of the house.
You're right, you're a smart guy.  Most counterfeiters only get ten cents on the dollar.  But this is an even swap.  Pure genius.
Vegas has been my town for 30 years.  I crawled out from under the first rock. Do you really think you can intimidate me here?
Lemme ask you something, Steven.  And I want the truth.  Is there any way I can date your daughter?  Just dinner and a movie, maybe go listen to some jazz...
Detective Carter, you always seem to show up where you don't belong.
Stevie, how's it going my man?  Somebody get a picture, we can use it for a mug shot.
I'm just in town for the weekend, taking in the sights.
Wait a second.  You're Steven Reign? You're big time.  You own all them big hotels.  What are you doing in Hong Kong?
Amen to that, brother.
I could use a little vacation.
Some Kung-Pao?
A little Mu-shu.
The Plaza Hotel?
First class.
New York City?
I always wanted to go to Madison Square Garden.  See the Knicks play.
Come on, Lee.  Stop being a cop for five minutes and live it up.  There must be something you want.
This money is evidence.
They owe us, man.  That's the least they can do.
It's okay, I got lots more.
No, Carter.  I can't take this.
About fifty grand.  I won it at the tables.
What is this?
It's okay.  I can finally let it go.
Your father's badge?  No way, man.  I can't take this.
You take care of yourself, Lee.
I guess so.  Thank you, Carter.
I'm this way.  I guess this is goodbye.
Yes.
That your gate down there?
She's going home to New York.  I need some ice.
I saw that.  She kissed you, didn't she? You played it cool, though.  Walking away, never looking back.
No problem.
We made it, man.
It's worth it to me.
Lee, wait a second.  It's not worth it, man.  He's making you do this.
Just GO!
Carter...
You go after Ricky.  I got this.
We have to get to the Penthouse.
What?!?!
Ricky Tan is alive.
Yes I did.  I said MMMMMM!
No you didn't!
I did!
Why didn't you tell me you had a bomb in your mouth?
MMMMMM!!!!
Lee!
I'll give it my best shot.
Try to keep them busy for five minutes.
I'll go to the craps table, make a big scene.  When security comes over, you make your move.
Wait a second.  There's guards all over the place.  You'll need a distraction.
No.  I'm going to find out.
Isabella?  Are you crazy, man?  She almost got us killed.  She's setting you up again!
It was Isabella.  She says the plates are in the soft count room.
Dancing?  I'm out here trying to strong arm Steven Reign, putting my life on the line, and you're up here dancing with some bimbo.  Did she have a friend?
Dancing?
Lee, what the hell are you doing?
Wait here.  I'll handle this.
Carter...here comes the rich white man.
Buddha is the symbol for fat and lazy. The man has the biggest tits in Asia.
Buddha is the symbol of luck and good fortune.
That looks exactly like my Uncle Darrell.
Yes.  We have lots of big men chasing us.
Couple?  No, you got it wrong, there's no couple here.  Just two single police officers working a very dangerous case.
Follow me my Asian brother.
What is Mac out?
Wait a second.  We can't go in like this.  Look at this place, we gotta look fly.  We gotta Mac out.
Let's go.
That was the name of Ricky Tan's boat.
Red Dragon.
Lee.  I just got an idea how someone could launder a hundred million dollars in cash.
Vegas...
Don't you talk about my mama.  That's more like it.
You could never kick my ass.  You mama's boy.
Oh no you don't.  Don't you be getting corny on me, Lee.  I'll kick your ass from here to Compton.
You've been a good friend, James Carter.
End of the line.
We're slowing down.  This must be it.
Now that I believe.
Yes he did.  He also invented the bicycle.
No Chinese man discovered electricity.
A Chinese man discovered electricity.
Benjamin Franklin, he discovered electricity.
Who's Benjamin?
Hello, Benjamin.
I'll remember that next time I'm fighting a box.
It's focus.  Every opponent has a weak spot.  You ignore everything around you, and put all your energy into one perfect strike.
Very nice.
Go ahead.  Sing your ass off.
They'll probably torture us first, shock our privates, then put two bullets in our eyes and one in the back of the head.
That depends.  How do the Fu-Cang-Long usually kill their victims?
I knew it.  What does she know.  You want me to sing something?
As long as you're asking...I think you have a pretty good voice.
Forget it.  It doesn't matter.
Are you serious?
Tell me the truth, Carter.  Do you think I have a good voice?
That's rough, man.  If I don't get steamed dumplings once a week, I go crazy.
Once in a while, steamed dumplings.  But only when she was drunk.
Steamed dumplings?
No kung pao chicken.  Never.
What about a little king pao chicken?
No mu-shu.
You're kidding.  No sex?  Nothing?  No mu-shu?
There was no sex.  She was very traditional.  We were waiting until we were married.
How was the sex?
Mind your own business.
If she was the right girl, you'd be thinking about her.
No.
You thinking about that girl that dumped you?
Fine by me.
I think we should stop talking.
I thought it might be like those five foot and under basketball leagues.  They don't let everybody in.
What's a Chinese heaven?
Is it the same heaven, or is it a Chinese heaven?
Yes.  We have heaven.
I believe in heaven.  You people believe in heaven?
Fine.
I don't believe in reincarnation.  So I won't see you in the next world.
See you in the next world.
I won't talk to you, you don't talk to me.  We'll die in peace.
Fine with me.
You got that right.  And we ain't brothers.  Maybe we should just end this right here.
Well we're not friends.
We are not partners.  Between your daddy, my daddy, and the beating I just took, as far as I can tell all partners get you is dead.
I'm not used to having a partner.
It doesn't matter.
Why did you help me?
I'm about to be killed and you "Shhh" me!  This wasn't my case, Lee.  Ricky Tan didn't kill my father, the Fu-Cang Long are not in South Central.  I didn't have to help you.
Shhh, my head hurts.
Look, man I'm sorry.  I know you got a thing for her.
For how long?  Face it, Lee, she's playing both sides.
She saved our lives.
What's the first thing I told you -- never trust nobody.  How could you fall for that shit?  I knew she was dirty.
Are you okay?
Snoopy is about six inches taller than you.  I'm sorry, Lee, you never had a chance.
I am not third world ugly.  Women like me, they think I'm cute.  Like Snoopy.
You're just jealous 'cos the girl picked me.  I'm tall, dark and handsome, you're third world ugly.
She never even looked at you.
They don't know that.  What are they gonna do, try and shoot the President during the interview?  I'll bet Isabella can pull some strings.  You saw the way she was staring at me.
We both know you would never take a bullet for someone else.
Secret Service Agent Carter.  This is my calling, Lee. Give me six months and I'll be in Washington protecting a white guy.
We can help you.  I'm a detective in Hong Kong.
Let me see it again?
It's a bomb.
I wouldn't do that!!!
Take it!
Get it out of here!
There's people up here!
Wait!  There's people down there!
I don't need a turn!
It's your turn!
Pick it up!
She's walking back towards the door.
I don't understand?
No, I don't believe this shit -- it's a microphone.  Lee, she's wired...
What is it?
She's reaching into her panties -- something is strapped to her leg.  Oh, God...please don't let it be a dick.
What?
Wait a sec - what the hell is that between her legs?
She just took her hair down.  Now she's going for the bra -- the clasp is in front -- she's using both hands.  You better get that ice.
Snoopy?  I love Snoopy.
Skirt just came off.  She's in black bra and panties -- Victoria Secret Spring Catalogue, page 27 -- wait a sec - there's a tattoo on her left thigh... it looks like Snoopy.
I don't want to hear this.
Oh, sweet glory hallelujah...
What's she doing?
Gimme the binoculars or I will shoot you.
No.  It's not right.
Gimme the binoculars.
She's getting undressed.
What's going on?
I'm gonna go in the hall and get a bucket of ice.  You want some ice?
Hot?  I'm freezing my ass off.
Is it hot in here?
Nothing.  I said nothing.
What did you say?
Slow down, baby.
I'll try to stay awake.  It's so boring.
Just don't fall asleep.  Sooner or later something's gonna happen.
She's just standing around -- not doing much.
She hated my voice.  Said it drove her crazy.  I sang to her all the time - in bed - in the shower - I thought she liked it.  She finally told me it was driving her crazy.
Excuse me?
No.  It was my singing.
Let me guess, she couldn't handle the cop thing -- never knowing if you were dead or alive.  I've seen it a million times.
It's a long story.
I'm sorry, Lee.  Why did she leave you?
My fiancee left me over the summer -- a month before our wedding.
You pull a muscle or something?
The truth is, I haven't had any mu-shu in six months.
Hey, I didn't mean to call you pathetic.
Carter, there's something I have to tell you.  You were right about what you said in Hong Kong.  All I do is work.  Never take a day off.  It's all I have right now.
Look at her.  Now, wake me in an hour, I'll take over.
How do you know?
He'll be back soon.
He just left.  Kissed her on the cheek.
Yeah, that's definitely the woman from Ricky Tan's boat, and she's staying in his suite at his hotel, I told you this would work out.  They still just talking?
The same place you find all RichWhiteMen.  Gefilte Fish.  Lox and bagel.  I love this stuff.  Here, try it with a smear.
Just tell me where I can find this Steven Reign.
Yeah, what about when Godzilla was coming?  You people were screaming your asses off.
Maybe.  But not like Asians.  We never panic.
Black people keep their cool when the shit goes down.
You sound like that all the time.
Because when the shooting started he was way too cool.  See most white people, when there's shooting, they either hide in a toilet or start screaming high pitched like "Aaaahhh!!! Aaaahh!!!!
How do you know he's our man?
Big hotel billionaire.  He was on Ricky Tan's boat ordering Hu Li around just before Ricky got smoked.
Who?
Not bad.  Now every crime, somewhere, has a rich white man taking his cut. Every single one.  Now in our case, we know the rich white man is Steven Reign.
Follow the RichWhiteMan...
Almost, but you've got to say "Rich White Man" all run together like it's one word.
Follow the Rich White Man?
Lee, let me introduce you to the Carter Theory of Criminal Investigation: Follow the Rich White Man.
I should go back.  Ricky Tan mentioned a boat in Hong Kong Harbor...
I guess you're going to have to trust me on this one.
Why LA?
You want to figure out why they killed your Daddy, get on the plane.
-- but if somebody gave me the chance to square up my father's death, I'd go to hell to do it.
You said --
It sounds impossible --
I cannot go to LA...
Come on, we still got time to order the Kosher meal.  Always get the kosher meal, they bring it first.
What?
So are you getting on the plane or not?!
I know.  I know.  I am sorry.
IT IS CRAZY!
I thought you'd think it was crazy.
You thought the "Customs Agents get blown up" and "smuggling" and "Ricky Tan" and you put it all together and came up with a five year old case. That's why you didn't tell me what we were doing...
No, no, that would be crazy --
This is about your Daddy's death?  Hell, Lee, you know my father died on the job. You could have told me...  This is about more than all that, isn't it?  This is about your Daddy's last case, right?
All the evidence against him disappeared, the smuggling case was unsolved.  Tan resigned and went over to the Triads openly.
How the hell did Tan get away with it?
He found out his partner, Tan, had been working for the Triads all along.  Before my father could prove it, he was killed in the line of duty.
Ask me if I give a shit.
Five years ago, my father was Chief Inspector working a big international smuggling case.
Forget it.
Good at what?
You're not very good at this, are you?
No.  She's a school teacher.
I heard your mama pulls a rickshaw.
Don't be talking about my mama.  Or my ass!
Give me your best shot, you flat assed mama's boy.
I'll bitch slap you into Bangkok.
What are you gonna do about it, grasshopper?
What the hell is going on here?
Remember I told you my father was a policeman?  Ricky Tan was his partner for ten years.
Why the hell should you believe him?  He had us beat up.  Naked.  That's nasty shit.
I'm okay, you go.
What, leave you alone so he can cap you?
Nobody understands the words that are coming out of your mouth.
Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth?
Who?
Not Yu.  You!
Detective Yu?  Never met him.
You.
Who died?
Carter?
And you ain't black!
You would never understand my life. You're not Chinese.
Really?  When's the last time you had some Mu-shu  Let's hear it, Lee, when was it?  Year of the rat?
I have plenty of dates.
You're pathetic, man.  When's the last time you had some fun?  When's the last time you took a night off, had a date?
It's my job!
My bullshit?  I'm not the one who goes to a karaoke bar filled with gangsters! I'm not the one who goes to massage parlors to bust crime lords!
Stop!  I'm sick of your bullshit!
Why you mad at me?  You needed back-up, so I backed you up.  I was about to take out Ricky Tan and those bodyguards.
Fine.  Go home.  Who needs you.
Back to Heaven on Earth.  I need my damn passport back.  I'm going home.
Where are you going?
Don't look at my ass!
Goddamn you got a small ass.
I'm calling for back up!
I'm a dangerous man.  You're not gonna ruin my massage because of some midget in a house coat.
This is a very dangerous man.
That's Ricky Tan?  He's four feet tall. I'll go over with you right now, shake him down.
Over there -- that's Ricky Tan.
What's wrong?
Hey!  You don't break in front of a black man in a buffet line.
Well, hurry up.
She said I could pick any girl I want.
What are you doing?
My friend is on vacation, from America. I want to show him a good time.
How you doin'?
Hello.
I am a tourist.
Just follow my lead and act like a tourist.
Carter...you ready to have some fun!?
And that's how you use the LAPD choke hold.  Now start practicing and don't make me come back here!
This won't take long.
I'm telling you right now, I'm tired of this shit.  There's two billion Chinese - let one of them be your partner.
No time.  There was an explosion at the American Embassy today -- two American translators were killed.
You're sorry.  I got somebody's old chopsticks stuck in my ass, so don't tell me you're sorry.  Just take me home.
I'm sorry.
You lied to me.
Try to land on your feet.
All I wanted was a little mu-shu.
Shit.  C'mon, get up here and help me out.
You just said you're their worst nightmare - and to line their mothers up for a milking.
What'd I say?
You mean Tito.  We had  Toto for dinner last night.
No.  You are a civilian.  In China, I am Michael Jackson, and you are Toto.
Man, are you crazy?  You think that scares me?  I'm from  L.A.  We invented gangs.  We were having gang wars before anybody even thought about it.  We get royalties from other gangs.  Now gimme your badge and gun and I'll show you how it's done.
Carter, you don't understand.  These men are Fu-Cang-Long Triads.  Part of the most deadly gang in China.
Tread softly?  Who taught you how to roost a bar?
No, we're here for information, to find out where a man named Ricky Tan is.  We must tread softly and keep our ears open.
Damn it, why are you ruining my night? I'm just starting to have fun.  Well fine then, go ahead, pull your badge and do your thing.
I'm sorry.
I knew you were lying.
This is a gangster bar, we're here undercover.
Are you kidding, they love me.  I'm a star, Lee.  A god to these people!
Carter, get off that stage!
Bathroom.
Blend in?  I'm two feet taller than everyone here.  Where you going?
I'll meet you at the bar in ten minutes. They don't like tourists in here, so try to blend in.
Take this.  It's a Magnum.  You can fold it in half.
No.
Just relax and don't worry about a thing.  I'll hook you up in there.  You got condoms?
You better take one.  Your breath has been a little funky all day.  Let me look at you.
No.
That's what I'm talking about.  A real Hong Kong night club.  You want an Altoid?
Carter, would I lie to you?
Don't be messing with me, Lee.  I will kick your ass.  I'll hit you so hard you'll end up in the Ming Dynasty.
Of course not.  My Superindendent invited us to a club tonight.  Big party.
Not Mu-shu.  Mu-shu.  I want to see some women.  Now stop playing dumb and show me the shu!
Mu-shu?  You're hungry?
Don't be giving me attitude, Lee.  I've been here three days and we haven't done shit.  We haven't been to a club, haven't even talked to a girl.  I'm on vacation, and I want some mu-shu.
You owe me a copy of the Beach Boys Greatest Hits, Volume Two.
I said that?  Which word was "goat?"
You invited them to get naked and sacrifice a small goat.
All I did was invite them for a drink.
Those girls drove off because of you.
Did you see the way those girls drove off?  I did you a favor.
That was my CD.  Don't you ever touch a Chinese man's CD.
I warned you about playing that shit when I'm in the car.
Fine with me.
Stay out of it, Carter.  You're going back to L.A.
Hey, you, Secret Service Man, what are you --
I don't know if the Fu-Cang-Long paid you to get rid of Tan, or whether it was a pure vendetta killing -- but you're off this case.  I don't ever want to see you again, you got that?
What "revenge" is he talking about?
Quite a night, Inspector.  Ricky Tan was our only bait, and now he's gone.  You finally got your revenge - at the expense of a U.S. Government investigation.
Now you know.
I didn't know which side you were on.
I'm fine.
Are you okay?
No.  But I'll help you.
I'm asking for real now -- will you help the Secret Service?
Dip me!
How do I know I can trust you?
The Secret Service almost busted Reign at his casino in Macao, but the place burned down before we could move in.
If I'm wrong then my cover is blown.
Why don't you go get them?
Behind me is the soft count room.  We're pretty sure the plates are back there.
Look over there.  That's the eye in the sky room.
Just trying to make it look real.
You move well.
I'm undercover.  I had no choice.  You have to trust me.
Last time you needed my help I ended up in the back of a truck.
I need your help.
What's going on?
Excuse me?
Put your arms around me.
Yes.  They've printed and shipped one hundred million dollars, and there's only one way to spot a fake.
And Hu Li killed him for the plates.
It wasn't hard to spot the fakes until this past year.  Then Tan got hold of one of a kind Swiss made hundred dollar plates -- and started making superbills.
No.  It's a sample.  You guys ever heard of the Superbill?
Is this a payoff?
Then you know I'm not walking away from this case.
I know who you are, Inspector Lee.
I still have my lunch money from third grade.
Do you still have the bills?
That's what we all used to call him when he was a kid -- cause he was always quacking.  Never shut up.
Baby Duck?
What are you doing hanging out with Baby Duck?
No.  Freddy Ching's, in Crenshaw.
The Praying Mantis school, in Bejing?
Master Ching taught me.
I'll take him.
Escort Detective Carter to the airport --
Thank you.
Let him find out on his own.  I want the Hong Kong police handling this.
Did you tell Sterling?
Lee, we just got a call from the harbor patrol.  Ricky Tan is throwing a little party on his boat tonight.  Victoria harbor.  If you don't want to...
Are you okay, Lee?
All he wanted was some mu-shu.
The Secret Service?  Why?
Lee, this is Special Agent Sterling from the United States Secret Service.
It's my responsibility.
We think it's Ricky Tan.  If you don't want to take the case, I'll understand.
Any leads?
Lee, there was a bombing at the American Embassy.  Two American translators were killed.
Don't you remember?  I'm already dead.
If you reach for that gun, I'm going to kill you.
I don't think it's over.  There are casinos all over this country.  Let me make you a rich man, Lee.  Don't make the same mistake he did.
Put the plates down.  It's over.
You're just like your father, Lee.  All these years hiding behind his badge.  I wanted to help him, to share with him, but he was too afraid of change.  When you think about it, I didn't really kill him.  I just put him out of his misery.
There is a ship, in the Hong Kong Harbor...
Tell me why they killed the customs agents.
Nobody can protect me.  I'll make a deal with you, Lee.  But only iff you'll get me out of Hong Kong.
The police can protect you.
... if your father were alive, I would be turning to him now.  I didn't blow up the American Embassy, but I believe some of my people did.  My enemies are trying to frame me.  There is a war going on within the Triads -- and I am going to lose.  My name has been written into the book of death.
Don't.
Despite what people suspect...what you suspect --
You must come with me for questioning.
Lee, I've missed you, brother.  I heard about the two Americans, I'm so sorry, you must be under great pressure.
It's a massage parlor downtown.  "Heaven on Earth."  You will find your answers there.
Heaven on Earth?  Master, I don't understand.  A temple, where Heaven is on Earth?  A mountain, where Earth reaches for the --
The answers you seek can be found in Heaven on Earth.
I know, Master, but...
A seeding spends its entire life reaching towards Heaven.
No.  Your father.  Your father and Ricky Tan were my favorite students... and for such awful things to happen as they did --
Ricky Tan?
He was the best I ever trained, you know.
Animals kill only from hunger or fear. The man you seek is lower than a serpent.  ...he kills for money.
I need your help, Master.  I'm seeking a man who used to train with you.  He's become a killer - the worst kind of animal.
Yes, Master.
Didn't I teach you to always arch your back?
Put a diaper on him, Chin.  I want to talk to the great Inspector Lee.
That is...Chief Inspector Lee.  The detective in charge of our investigation.
Who the hell is that?
No.  He will report to me.  Do we understand each other?
Chief Inspector Lee will brief your people...
Two Americans have been killed on United States Government property -- this is our investigation.
This is still Hong Kong.
Chin, you have been ordered by the Ministry of Public Security to assist the FBI and Secret Service with our investigation, to provide us with whatever we need.  If you have information, it belongs to us.
The Ambassador will receive instructions for the drop, half an hour before it is to be made.  If it is successful, there will be more. Thank you, Agent Carter.
OK. Say what it is.
Shut up!
Hey, that's whacked!  I thought we was gettin' on here!
Carter.  I just want to be able to tell the Ambassador who was responsible for the death of his daughter because he talked too much.
That's cool.  We're gettin' to know each other. This is a good thing. I'm Carter.
What is your name?
That's some serious poundage in dollars.
In used currency.  Nothing bigger than a fifty.
Fifty million!  Are we talkin' United States dollars?
The first drop will be made tomorrow. At twelve o'clock.  The amount will be fifty million.
Lee!  It's him!
The bomb was meant as a demonstration of our sincerity.  If you want the Ambassador's daughter back alive, listen and do not talk.
You know what a phone booth is?!
Do I look like I'm movin'?!  What you're seeing here?  This is not movement. This is my "still".
You don't move, you understand?!  You don't move!
Don't push it. You better watch your ass with these Fed types. If there's a screw-up, they won't think twice about burnin' it.
And that, of course, would be me.
They asked for the best street man I had.
Feds asked for me?
I got a call from the F.B.I.  The daughter of the Chinese Ambassador has been kidnapped and they asked for help. You're it.
Hey, sir, it was a pleasure to preserve Johnson's ass.  Well...you know what I mean.
Good job.
That's probably the only reason Johnson's still alive.
I know, but --
What you did was dangerous and completely outside policy.
Sir, I can explain.
I don't know what went wrong last night, but this department could've lost one detective and our only explosives expert.
So was I.
He was just doing his job.
Tell me about it.
He'll be OK. Russ is a tough son of a bitch.
I'm gonna arrest the sonuvabitch!  Your ass is goin' to jail!
This is pathetic.
He stole my wheel!
Carter.
Ooo, there's a chill.  Love that.
Oh, I think you like this very much.
No shark fin, no camel hump.  What you listenin' to?
It's Hong Kong, not Tokyo.  My country asked for the best.  I told them that was you.  Now I will show you around my Œhood.
FBI calls up my ass, says they need help in Tokyo.  Like I'm supposed to drop everything.
What a surprise!
You know him?
Oh my god. Griffin.
Hey, don't worry.  Nothing's gonna happen to it.
No, it is China, my country, my history.  If any of it gets damaged...
The art.
What?
Oh no.
Well, I ain't goin' to China.  And neither are you.
What are you doing here?
Be sorry for Soon Young. She has no chance now.
I'm sorry, Lee.
I'm sorry.
You drop my gun and you lose my i.d.?
Oh no, I dropped it.
Oh yes.
No, wait.  I don't have it.  You have it.
It ain't your ass, it's my ass you're backin' up.  Take the damn gun.
No, please, I don't --
I am sorry, but I have too much respect for women.
Like that.
No, like a tourist.  You know, things to see, money to burn, interested in stupid shit.
I am from outa town.
OK, when you go in, just act like you're from outa town.
What do you hear?
This concrete?  This is still America.
This is my territory now.  You are my responsibility.
Going into the restaurant.
Which one?
It's him.
What?!
Nobody in America eats fish in the AM. We're talking strictly an after twelve noon food type.
Excuse me?
No, fish is a PM food.
Want some?
I got to stop that dancing in the street Œtill all hours.
Are you OK?
No! You hate me.  Look, I'm gonna do it one time.  That's it.
Good God, ya'll!
Not yee-aw, Ya'll.  And it's gotta be angry.  Like you're pissed off.
Yee-aww.
No, no.  It's not good-God you all! It's Good-God, ya'll.  Ya'll!
Yes, I think so.
That's not how it goes.
Who does not know War?  ³War, hhh, Wo-ooh-wo-ooh-wo-oh.  What is it good for?  Absolutely nothing. Good-God, you all.²
You know War?
Yes, I know this song.
Now, that's American music.
No, no.  I'm full. Too much fin and hump, you know, gives me gas.  Œscuse me.
You want more?
That one is my favorite.  Chicken puff with shark fin.
Yeah, it's good.
You like it?
Juntao's standing orders were to kill everyone. There were never witnesses.
Are you tellin' me nobody knows what he looks like?  Come on, there must be witnesses somewhere.
That is a problem. There is no description of Juntao. No known photograph.
Let's get us a photo and description. We'll have an APB out while we stake out the restaurant.
It happens.
Thank you. I learn a great deal.
You see what I'm sayin'? You control the space.
Took off. Yes. They took off.
Let's go.  Everybody take off?
Come on!
You talk too fast.
Yeah, somethin' like that.  OK, now this is a nasty ass place. When you go into a place like this, the most important thing is control. You got to maintain control. You following me? You lose it, you get hurt. Now, you're my responsibility and I don't want you hurt. You understand?  OK, let's go.
Stool pigeon.
What?
Stooly.
When we go inside, you let me handle everything, you hear?  This is my man, you dig?  My informant. You know what an informant is?
Yes. He was part of the Juntao crime family. He may be Juntao himself.  And he dropped this.
Alright, listen, no bullshit just tell me straight: did you really know the guy you were chasin'?
Hey, everybody fits in here. Look at L.A., man.  Nobody's from here.  My momma's from Detroit, my dad's from Atlanta, they met in Texas, got married in Vegas and I was born in Alabama.  So where the hell am I from? Kenya?
I also did not come because I think I would not fit in America.
Hey, stop.  We're just gonna wind up in some bar, drinking' to forget all the things we shoulda done and then you'll start singin' Beach Boy songs again. Then I'll really get depressed.
I could not come.  I had other responsibilities.
Don't go there...
I worked with Ambassador Han and his family for ten years.  He wanted me to come with them to America.  If I had, this might not have happened.
No. I just made it up.
What is that, some kind of Chinese proverb?
When a man steps in dung, it is obvious.  There is no need to rub it in his face.  The smell is the same.
Bullshit!  You were trying' to lose my ass again.
It was a man I was after in Hong Kong.
Yeah, sure, you got lots a enemies in L.A. after what?  Six hours?
He was trying to kill me, not you.
It was my ass that almost got trashed!
Did you make the plate?!
What the hell kinda cop are you?!
No.
The license!  You get it?!
What plate?
You make the plate?
You don't know what a shortcut is?
Shortcut?
I know a shortcut.
What about them?
Let me just clarify a few things.  I don't care what kind of cop you are in China, you have no jurisdiction in America.  Without me you are just another tourist.
Mr. Carter, I appreciate your desire to show me a good time, but that is not the reason I am here.
Right....
It was not my intent --
You're a regular god damn acrobat, aren't you?  Bet you feel real good makin' me look like an asshole.
Oh yeah, but this is on the way.  And you gotta see John Wayne's footprints. Everybody does. It's almost like a law. You can't believe how small his feet were for a dude that big. Tiny god damn feet!
I thought you were taking me to the consulate.
Wait. You hungry?  You gotta be hungry, you just flew in from China. And what'd they feed you, Chinese food, right?  Then you gotta be hungry.  Hell, it doesn't matter, I'm hungry.  We'll get some food on the way to the Consulate.
Witnesses.
Where were we?
Well don't do that.  Polite don't work here.  You do that polite shit here in America, they'll sue your ass for harassment.
I was being polite.
That silly-ass look on your face.
What?
-- what the hell is that?
Look, you want to work in this country, you gotta know this crap. Okay?  We're gonna be in some deep shit here.  Working the danger zone. And you need insurance.  Cause, you know, you might be starting some riots and shit.
I am afraid I don't understand the importance of this information.
Yeah, that's right.  Now that we understand each other... show me how you did that.
We are both full of shit.
Okay, fine, you're full a shit, I'm full a shit.
Not being able to speak is not the same as not speaking.  You seemed as if you liked to talk.  I like to let people talk who like to talk.  It makes it easier to find out how full of shit they are.
You're full of shit.  Do you understand what I'm saying to you? Full of shit?
I am not responsible for your assumptions.
It's the same thing!
I didn't say I didn't.  You assumed I didn't.
Bullshit a little.  You lied to me.
A little.
You speak English!
Yeah, well you're in American now. Everybody's got guns.  That tricky shit with your hands is gonna get your ass shot to hell.
No.
You have one of these?
Let me give you a piece of advice: never touch another man's radio. You do it again, nobody, not Rhonda, not Yolanda, gonna save your ass.
Help me Rhonda.
Beach Boy America.  Help me Rhonda, help me get her out of my --
You're shittin' me.  You know the Beach Boys?!
Beach Boy.
Okay, I'll slow down.  So we go downtown and we ask you a few questions... you know, like what's your name?  How old are you?  You ever expose yourself in public...shit like that.
You talk very fast.
Absolutely. I'll even let you ride in the front seat.
How about a lift home?
Not to me. Never to me.
Look at me! My dress is ruined. I look like shit.
Yeah. So why you look do down?
We saved the girl and got the bad guys, didn't we?
You OK?
It's okay. For restaurants.
You don't like it?
That's it! You can attack me, but when you attack my car, I cannot forgive! You in the back, girl!
Yeah, if you're Superfly.
What?! This is a class ride, Johnson.
Wait a minute. I'm not riding in that.
It's called you're gonna kill me. What're you doin' with that on?
It's called a dress.
Oh my god...what happened to you?
Alright, Johnson, thank you.  So...what are you wearing?
This is my city. I'm a cop. I'll find Œem.
This whole thing is goin' down tonight. I need to know where the Ambassador is gonna be. The Feds will be keepin' a lid on everything. You thing you can do that?
Jesus...what do you want?
Listen, this ain't about us! It's about a thirteen year old girl. She's not gonna make it. Unless we do something.
You made a fool out of me! In front of the FBI!
Yes I do. That's all I got. Guts and you, Johnson. There's no one else I can trust.
You got a lot of guts calling me.
No way in the way!  I'm talkin' back up, Johnson. I'm in charge! And I need you, baby.
Well.. I wouldn't want to be in the way.
OK. Well...make us proud.  And be careful.
Oh baby, don't worry, I'll call you. You can count on it.
Well...listen, if you need any help, you know, back up, call me, OK?
In Charge.  Just me'n him.  No interference.  They don't even want to hear from us until we're done.  I love the F.B.I.  I love the F.B.I.
They put you in charge?
Oh, you're not gonna believe what they put me in charge of.  They sent for the Ambassador's personal Chinese Investigator type.  He is like the baddest Asian shield they got.  And I, let me repeat that, I am the man who is on the case with him.  Just the two of us, alone, workin' the whole deal as a team.
With the FBI. What do you think I'm talking about?
How'd what go?
I wouldn't be close to you.  What is that perfume, girl?
What's wrong with that?
I could get promoted right out of here.
No...what?
Way he put it, I was the only one he thought could handle it. But you know what the worst thing is?
FBI needs a taste of the street. And I'm it.
The Feds?!
Hey, baby, it's cool.  Captain just reassigned me to the Feds.
Hey, I was senior. It's OK. This is why I get the big bucks.
Last night's as much my fault as yours.  If he's gonna put the blame on anybody --
Oh, baby, you cruel...
Carter, just because you saved my butt, doesn't mean it's yours.
You're killin' me here.
Where'd you get it?
Not anymore.
Good. That's standard military packaging for plastique. Get a look under it.
Yeah...beautiful. What would you call that paper there? Kind of a...Robin egg blue color?
And your buddy, Mr. Lee, is on his way back to China.  Now, get out. Before I file obstruction of justice charges against you.
What?!
I'm not interested, Carter.  You're no longer on this assignment.
Okay, let me start from the top.  A few days ago I was on this munitions dealer named Lafontaine. Now, after the shit blew up last night...
No, sir. I'm as good as it gets.
Why don't you try the assignment.  Or should I call and ask for somebody who can handle it?
Oh yeah.  The caller was a man. Confident.  Had an accent.  My guess, Asian.  Anything else I can do for the FBI, sir?
Eleven thirty tomorrow the Ambassador will receive a phone call telling him where the drop is.  He said the bomb was a demonstration of their sincerity.
Don't play bullshit games with me.
Hmmmm?
That's what you were supposed to be!
Hey, man, you can use her. She's an expert!
You think this is funny, Carter?  You send for someone from Explosives!? Four men just died in there!
Yo, Johnson...
Carter, shut up!
You understand what I'm sayin'?
Try a bus load of - no, make that two bus loads of Chinese --
What do you mean you lost him?! How could you lose him?!
Just make him think you're following leads.  Interview some suspects, look at fingerprints, do detective shit.  I don't care.  I just don't want to see him- or you, for that matter- until this is resolved.  Now, we want to make a good impression, don't we?  His plane lands in an hour. Don't be late.
What the hell am I supposed to do with him? Take him to the zoo?
Because with your special talents, I'm sure you'll do a better job.
Why don't you assign one of your own men to this?
Bottom line: I don't want some Chung King Cop getting his head blown off and turning this operation into a international incident.
What kind of assignment is that?
Don't worry about the kidnapping, Carter, the F.B.I. will handle that. Your assignment is Lee.
I'm talking about the girl.
He is the situation.
Sir, he's just gonna get in my way. If I'm gonna handle this situation...
... the director considers this top priority, considering he is a Chinese National and here under difficult circumstances.  His name is Lee.  And he is to be shown every courtesy. Within reason.
Interrogation is one a my specialties, but undercover work is my forte.
You come highly recommended, Carter. And your particular assignment requires a special talent.
How much they want?
At this point we don't have much.
Any demands yet?
You don't. He finds you. Through his people.
Where do we find him?
I'm waitin' here for a name.
You sonuvabitch.
All I gotta do is implicate.  The Feds can do a lot with a good implication. Even if you don't get Sparky, I'll bet you get ten to twenty more. Plenty of time to find a nice fella.
How did I do this?! Maybe you didn't notice but I'm in jail!
You're movin' to death row. See, your fingerprints are now on the murder weapon of Four FBI Agents. And when I turn this into the lab, they're gonna find Lafontaine all over it. And we already know...  ...this is your MO.
What are you talking about?
You got a boy friend in here yet? ŒCause you're gonna need somebody to kiss your ass goodbye.
Do it!
Okay, look, we're gonna make a trade. You cross the street, leave her on the sidewalk.  I will leave him on this side.  Then we trade places.  You get him, I get her.  Get the picture, Lois?
I wouldn't touch that if I were you.
What's this little green wire coming out one side of the package?
What are you talking about?
You know something? Every time I see this stuff, it reminds me of...uh...a double latte grande...  With two shots of non-fat milk.
Shit, I ain't interested in puttin' my hands on you.  That does nothin' for me.  No. I don't need to be pattin' no ass. All I'm sayin' is, how do I know you're not a cop?
Nobody touches me.
I oughta pat your ass down.  Make sure you're not a cop.
I don't trust anybody.  Especially first time deals.
This is not a good way to start a relationship, stickin' a gun to a man's head, feelin' around his personal equipment.  Make him think you don't trust him.
Or somethin'.
You a cop or something?
Shut up!
Hey, hey, you start touching me there, I'm gonna start movin'! Word up, mother...
I want to speak with my daughter!
Take the money with you tonight. Pack it in six dragons. You will be contacted again.
Hello.
Please, you must understand, what happened today was not --
You have run out of time.  The amount now is two hundred million.  I will call later with instructions.  You will either deliver the money or pick up the body of your daughter.
Yes.
Can I speak with her?
She's fine.
My daughter.
Even if you deny the FBI is there, I will assume you are lying.
Yes.
Ambassador Han.
Hello.
Pack it into black garbage bags. Throw the bags into a garbage dump in the alley behind the Fang Shan Restaurant in China Town.  You have twenty-nine minutes left.
I do.
You have what I asked for?
Yes.
Griffin?  Where are you.
It's Griffin.
Yes.
Han?
Hello.
Don't worry, he's with Carter.
And Mr. Lee?  Where is he?
Yes sir, me too. The State Department has authorized release of the funds. We'll have to make the first drop at 7.  As soon as they pick up the money, we've got Œem.
I am so sorry about your men.
Carter, can I have a moment?
Come on. Let's get you some dry clothes.
He is already on the plane.  I hope you will treat him with the same respect you have shown me.
I understand, sir. But you are an honored guest of the United States...
I am not an American, Mr. Russ.  My daughter is not an American.
As I said, sir, we've got all the people we need.
He is very good.
Ambassador, let me assure you that the FBI has made this a top priority. We have plenty of manpower on the case.
I would like one of my people to help.
Soon Young, don't worry.  You will have many friends very soon.  You will see.  America is a very friendly place.
I will not have friends in America.
After I left?
I was trying to find the right time.
I don't believe you.  My father was explaining to Mr. Griffin.  That is how I found out.
I still have work to do here.
When were you going to tell me you were not going with us?
Let me take you back inside, okay?
Yes.
I lead Maggie through a visualization exercise.  All the sports shrinks use this head stuff.  Visualize the end zone, if you catch my drift.
Right.
I've got news for you.  No amount of sugar and water is going to turn like Graham into something you want to take on a picnic.
So if you're not running and Ike Graham is there to see it, then any article he writes has got to have a happy ending, right?  All we're doing is turning lemon into lemonade.
I'm not running.
Let him come to the wedding.  You're not running, right?  Say it. "I'm not..."
You don't understand this guy.
Sure I do.  But the bet defense is a good offense, right?  You're not going to let your opponent throw you off your game.
At the wedding?  You invite him?  Bob, don't you realize he's writing another article about me?
I'm just bragging about how great you are.  I'm the luckiest man alive.
Bob -- are you making friends with this man?
Ike just came by to check out the team.
What is he up to now?
Maintain eye contact.
Got any last minute advice?
I didn't want to find out I wasn't for her in the fourth quarter.
Really?
Thank you.
You look awful.
How about -- "I hope you'll be very happy together"?
What do you expect me to say to this?
Hold it!  Hold it!  I think we're taking this too fast.
At this pace, it could be an evening wedding.
You bet ya, Coach.
See you at the wedding.
I'm the town's unofficial fitness trainer.  Big advocate of the mind and body combining for success.  You could say or you can quote me, I'm a glass half full king of guy.
Ahh.
Of course.
Could your confess to Father Patrick from now on?
Of course.
I'm happy here, where I'm supposed to be.  But if you ever become a Catholic, may I ask you a favor, Maggie?
I'm really sorry that I hurt you, Brian.
Weird.  Like after all those years you would remem--
He wanted to know how you used to like your eggs.
God bless you, Maggie.
God... Of course.  I'm sorry -- I mean, I'm...  Brian -- I've got to go.  The man's a lunatic, but I know exactly where he's going next.
It happens to be how I feel.
Good one!  Thanks.
How could I be angry at you when clearly what has happened to me is as God intended?
And what did you say?
Only respectful things.  What did we have in common back then... What kind of music did you like... Did you ruin my life when you left me standing at the altar...
What did he ask?
Yes, yes, I'm sure I only did you good, Maggie.
What?  You talked to him!  Did you tell him we dated before you were a priest?
Actually, he only asked me one ridiculous question.  The rest weren't so bad.
He's here!... He's here!
I'll get the dress.
We'll rub.
It's hurting.
We do it to our dog.
Eight is good... "V" could be Victory.
And in a "V".
Okay -- have a seat... gently, carefully.
That's it.  Back to obedience school.
Yes, rubbing your ears is very soothing. Cory does that to me when I hyperventilate.
Rub your ears.
His hair... any color.
I love his eyes.  I just believe they're listening to you.
"Never say die."
"Nothing but net."
"Make the shot."
"Sink the putt."
Don't be nervous, Maggie.  Let us visualize.  Remember what Bob said? "Be the ball."
Bob's in a hurry.
Bob is making her visualize the ceremony.
Tell me, why does Maggie need another wedding rehearsal and two days before the wedding?  She's already done this.
Where do you think she's going?
Maggie!
I'm sorry, too.  Wow.  That only took us between years to say.
Well -- I'm sorry, I'm really sorry, Ellie.
No.  No, you didn't.
Is that what I did to you?  Is that what happened?  Did I just not see you?
But one of those guys -- not one of them -- knew her at all.  Each one was convinced that she was perfect for them, but they didn't see her.  And she never showed up so they couldn't see her. It's a very symbolic thing happening. She becomes what she thinks they wanted to be.
Fisher, let him talk.
I'm sorry, Ike.  This is permanent.
See?  You want custody of my job? ... Why not just consider my wrist slapped and call me when you feel I've served my time?
I already made an appointment for later today.
Lawyers.  I don't know, Ellie -- Firing me is going to be very tough on you.  It's going to be hard to get over.  There will be therapy bills for you.
I merely write the stuff.  You're the one that serves it up.
No, that's what makes you unemployed.
Someone reliable, I'm sure.  A booze- hound in a bar?
I didn't cook up a story.  I had a source.
That's not nothing to do with it.  You cooked this story up and you know it.
Lesson number two.  Never work for your former spouse.
Journalism lesson number one.  If you fabricate your facts, you get fired.
What?
-- It's for you, Ike.
So?  I never returned your calls, even when we were married.  And what's Fisher doing here anyway?
I left four messages.  You don't return my calls.
Fully.  I like her.  She has wit.
Poor Ike.
Look, he's in pretty good shape.
Look, he's running after her.
Or does she pick "NGB'S" -- "Nice Guys, But..."  Nice guys, but I'm cheap. Nice guys, but he lives with his mom... Nice guys, but he just out of prison.
Or a vegetarian?
... Just call me when you have it.  Ike, how is the story coming?  Is she a man-eater?
Overpriced nice apartment and Chinese takeout.  That's New York living.
I just found out I'm best man!  I'm lucky I have a suit... What's wrong?
Your job is... the ring.  Do you have the ring?!
I have no idea what I'm doing.
Go talk to the pastor and he'll tell you what to do.  And someone will tell me what to do.
Well, I'm good, I don't know if I'm best.
Then you'll be my best man.
Of course we are.  Of course.
Whoa, Ike.  Getting a complex, buddy?
No... They're interesting guys.  Each one of these guys has something going for him.  I mean, one's been up Everest. Another's become a priest.  One's a pretty good guitar player.  And this guy today tried to end world hunger, if you can believe that...
Order out like a Philistine, when you got the Galloping Gourmet here?...
Okay, we'll order out.
Then come for dinner.
Yeah.
You're coming here?
Look -- I'll be in there later today. I'll come by and tell you all about it.
I don't know.
No, I'm paying for the dress.  Do you think she's still gonna run?
This is about her negative attention, not mine.  Did you get the reimbursement for the dress yet?
Yes, well, my theory was that she may be running because she gets attention... Negative attention is attention. Like when women whack you on the street because of your column, that's negative attention.
Oh yeah!  I happen to know from reliable sources that Nietzche got expenses and a rental car.
Don't say "spec" like it's a dirty word. Nobody ever paid Shakespeare to write a play!  Plato never got a book advance...
But I'll get my normal fee, right?
Justice, yes.  Paid, I don't know. They like the idea, but my hands are tied with budget restraints.
"Paid vindication"  That's what I call justice.
Then you've got it.  If you leave tomorrow for the hinterlands, you'll have plenty of time before her next wedding trot.
Okay, you were right.  I hated my column, but I can do this assignment.
If she runs, then it's a cover story. All true.  All accurate.
This is good.  It is a good story, Fish.
It wouldn't be a bad way to get you back into writing feature pieces again.
The anatomy of the black widow spider of Maryland.
All the gory details.
The real story on Miss Carpenter.
Vindication.  How would you like to get some?  A chance to prove that, though your facts weren't entirely straight, your theory was correct.
What are you trying to say to me, Fish?
Ike, I really liked the Runaway Bride piece, and since I do freelance stuff for G.Q., I'm in a different position now...
Don't knock drunk guys in bars.  Drunk guys in bars are good.  It means they're not driving.
In vino veritas.
Since when does Ellie need moral supp--
Ellie asked me to come down to offer moral support.
Oh, please!
Unbelievable, she got to you.
No.  I call it like I see it.  I'm a journalist.  I'm a truth teller.
And you defending her?
I don't know.  I'm working on it.  I was on the wrong track.
Why do YOU think she ran?
I don't think that's why she ran.
Same as you said.  What did you call her?  A "man-eater", "a devouring death goddess."
Neuter a locust, feed the world.
Not bad.  I was traveling around studying the reproductive and migratory patterns of locusts when Maggie met me.
Guess you'd know about that.  You're an entomologist, right?  How's business?
Ah, can't stay away from her, can you? Like a moth to a flame.
Well, I'm writing another article on the cacophony.
She's a cacophony of contradictions.
Thanks.
And end up in the papers?  I've been humiliated enough already to last a lifetime, thank you.  I'm sorry she got you canned.
You could have told me you were fiance number three.
Splendid dissection of Maggie Carpenter, very professional job.
Get this man a Kamikaze.
No, I'm not.
It's okay.  There's no microphone. You're no fun.
Tootaloo.
Well, I'm off.  A reporter's work is never done.  Mrs. Pressman, thank you.
Oh, I will.
Good fact.  Well, you let me know.
I'm not sure.  Mr. Schullian runs the newsstand, he's our local bookie, you know, he's giving eight to one odds she won't.  He says she's so famous now, maybe Vegas will give odds on her.  I'm going to wait to hear what the pros say.
I know.  Tell me something.  Do you think she's going to make it all the way this time?
It's her fourth time to the altar, you know.  Not seven like they said.
Yes, Mrs. Pressman.
Excuse me, sir.  I have an actual fact for you.
Sorry, no.  I just got one.
Oh, sure.  That was a long time ago. See, she's not a man-hater at all. She's very supportive of men...
It's nice that they're still friends.
That must have made you proud.
This game is pretty important to him. He made all-stars in high school, you know.
Not yet.  I had a phlemless morning.  I hear he's a pretty good ballplayer.
Have you listened to his morning show, "Wake up with ballplayer"?
No, she's talking about your hair.
I think you'd look good in red.
Yep.  Maggie -- Someone to see you.
Looking for Maggie.
And you are?
Peggy Phleming.  Not the ice skater.
I am just such a reporter.  And you are?
No, about her getting that asshole from New York fired.
About her upcoming wedding and all.
It's been our experience that anyone with some sort of gewgaw on his loafers ends up being another big city reporter wanting to interview Maggie.
What?
Are you a reporter?
Hello.  I'm looking for Maggie Carpenter.  There was a sign at the hardware store across the street...
Oh, come on.  You're practically family.
Thank you.
You should thank Lou and I for the wedding car -- a '63 Buick.
Bye, Betty.  Thanks.
Your two cinnamon rolls.
-- The luau for Maggie.
Oh, Betty.  I take it you're going to be making the wedding cake and they say you're throwing --
Betty Trout.  Five dollars.
Yes, I am.  And who are you?
Gotta tell you this about my daughter. My daughter makes real good time, even in a long dress and heels.  Maggie may not be Hale's longest running joke, but she certainly is the fastest.
Dad's fishing trip, Grandma's knee operation, Grandma's birthday...
Ah, beautiful.  I just can't see her leaving multiple grooms in the dust like that.
Like her mother.
You know, your daughter seems...
Well, wedding cake freezes.  This we know.
Gee, I hope they don't have a fight out there.  You don't think they'll call it off...?
Oh, yeah.  Scared the hell out of Skipper.
They made me put my hat back on.
I borrowed it from this guy I know. So?
Pretty good speech, Maggie.
"I guarantee that we'll have tough times.  I guarantee  that at some point one or both oof us will want to get out. But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Because I know in my heart -- you're the only one for me".
I'm listening.
I was, because if you said "yes" right away, I wouldn't get to say this next part.  And I've been practicing it.  Ready?
You were not.
This is getting serious.
They're mine.  I'm turning in my running shoes to you.
Used?
I didn't.  And you being the one at the end of the aisle didn't just fix that.
Yes, I did.
I think so... When I was walking down the aisle?  I was  walking toward somebody who didn't have any idea who I really was.  And it was only half the other person's fault, because I had done everything to convince him that I was exactly what he wanted.  So it was good that I didn't go through with it because it would have been a lie, but you -- you knew the real me.
Does it matter?
I wanted to talk to you about why I run or ride away from things.
You actually could make breaking and entering into a new career.  So, what are you doing here?
It's something I've always wanted to do.
Livid is good.  So what is it, Maggie? You here on business?  I saw your lamps. They're terrific.
I don't have much choice in the matter now, do I?  But I can't speak for Italics.  Traitor!
I've been making friends with your cat.  Is it okay that I'm here?
So, we'll...
So am I.
I'm okay with that.
And the wedding date.  There's the two of us.  So, you think... maybe... You have to go down the aisle with somebody you love and who love you back.
And the church.
Well, you do have the dress.
Yes, you!
Me?
To who?  Are you asking me?
I love you, too.
I love you.  I love you.
Me, either.
I don't know.  I, uh -- I frankly don't even want to talk about it.
Okay.  So... what, uh... What just happened?  Just now?  Jus then?  In there?
Really?
A little longer for me.
About a minute...?
I kissed him back.
I'm sorry, Bob.  She kissed me back.
Come on, it'll give you a great view. It's perfect.  Hey.
I'd rather not.
No.  No -- Actually, let's make Ike the pastor.
No you don't.  You want a man who will lead you down the beach with his head over your eyes just so you can discover the feel of the sand under your feet. You want a guy who will take you into a cave with a thousand candles just to read you a poem.  You want a man to wake you up at dawn because he's burning to talk to you and he can't wait another minute to find out what you'll say.  Am I right?
Yes I do!
No, that's called not having a mind of your own.  What are you doing, Maggie? You really want to let that man drag you up Annapuma on your honeymoon?  You don't want to climb Annapuma.
That's called changing your mind.
With the priest, you liked them scrambled.  With the Dead Head, fried. With the bug guy, poached.  Now it's egg whites only, thank you very much.
What!?
That's right.  You're so lost you don't even know how you like your eggs.
Lost!
Supportive?  You weren't being supportive.  You were being scared. Just like now.  You are the most lost woman I have ever laid eyes on.
Every one of those times I was being supportive.  Something you won't understand.
Or maybe you just wanted to wear the headdress.
Brian told you that?
And where you ever really going to run the leper colony in Molokai?
I already explained about that.
What kind of Dead Head gets a temporary tattoo?
That was very interesting research George was doing!
Or the sexual habits of locusts?
It's fun!  It's high.
Well, they should.  Because they're about to watch you hang yourself again.
I had it under control.  Now they feel sorry for me.
No, Maggie, I defended you. Humiliating you is what everyone else is doing.  It's the theme of this party.
You humiliated me!
I'm the only goddamn person in there pulling for you.
I don't and I don't think you should...
Yes.
Are you all right with this?  You think this is funny?
Excuse me?
I don't know, give me a minute.  Are you all right with this?
Missed me bad, huh?
Where did you disappear to?
Yes it is.  And it doesn't mean anything.
No.  But I think attraction is too often mistaken for rightness. Attraction is very misleading.  And if it's mutual, it's well, terribly distracting.
Yeah.  It's kind of nice.
Kind of isolated.
Wrenches.  My dad's gonna love that one.
Of what?
First I have to find some tools.  I need a half and a nine-six-tenth.
Can you fix it?
Your filter's clogged.  This takes unleaded.
Why don't you let him sleep it off in the trunk. I'll take you for a ride. Then we'll come back for him.  Keep an eye on him.
Watch your leg, Dad.  I'm so tired of this.
No -- I'm cleaning an attic.  I wouldn't attempt the impossible.
Hmmm... Figuring out what kind of music I like and then finding me a rare album. You're not trying to soften me up, are you?
No.  You take it.
It's valuable.  Hang onto it.
It was in the attic.  It was jus sitting there gathering dust.
Oh, my God -- It's Miles Davis.  This is "King of Blue"!  This is the original recording.  Hard to find in good condition.  Where did you find this?
Gram here was going to give me the skinny on why you run from marital bliss.
Ike... Hi, Grandma.
You know, there's no...
Tell me.  When you get to the altar, will you spike the bouquet?
What was that?  I can't order  my eggs without sarcasm?
Of course.
I'll have the same.
Bob will be very happy.
Fine.  The newspaper's upside down. That's better than fine.
You look... uh... You look fine.
Agreed.
Even with everything that's happened I've still never been married and I still deserve a beautiful dress.
Maybe you should ask her some time. Ever thought of that?
No.
You don't know.
I don't know.
Now that's romantic.  A proposal like that and you didn't find eternal bliss? What went wrong?
No.  I think I said something eloquent like, "So, uh -- maybe we should, ya know.  What do you think?"
So?  Is that what you said to her?
I'm a work in progress.
Maybe it's just me, but -- if you got to dress it up, it doesn't ring true.
What do you mean?  It was incredibly romantic!
Highly suspect.
It was one of the most wonderful moments of my life.  Cal Ripken even applauded.
He's an entomologist!  I thought it was very unique.
It's a little "Silence of the Lambs" for me.  I can't believe you waited for the wedding to run.
Still sweet.
Always a mood killer.
What an incredible chauvinistic observation.
Well, I'm impressed.  Absolutely incredible.  I didn't expect pink and lacy, but this isn't exactly a woman's room.
No, I'm not afraid.  Just... Maybe someday.
You afraid to try?
Maybe someday.
I like it.  This whole thing is pretty incredible.  I think you could probably sell this lamp idea in New York.
I think so.
Cindy the manicurist.
It's a birthday present for my cousin. Put your finger in.
Done.
Six-fifty.
Five hundred.
Seven-fifty.
Too much.
Because I think you're writing on spec and with a first person interview, you might actually sell that thing.
You've seen the post-its.  I've already got more juicy material than I need. Why should I pay you dollar one?
Oh, but making up the facts as you go along is ethical?  Actually, I meant you.  You probably got severance or expenses or both.  I'll take your check. No credit cards.
My magazine doesn't pay because for stories.  It's not what you call ethical.
Really.
My point is that one again, you're getting it all wrong.  That won't improve your reputation any, and it's not very flattering to me either.  So, I'm going to give you a chance to write the truth.
I'm not a boastful man.  What's your point?
You're welcome.  Your notes made interesting bedtime reading -- if you like trashy fiction.  Your observations are distorted, ungrounded an incomplete. You must be very proud.
How do I do it?  I'm not that beautiful.
I take it the desk clerk is one of your many admirers.
Obviously, I'm not the only one who doesn't understand it.  The USS Maggie leaves quite a wake... Excuse me.
You misinterpret everything.  We've all been friends our whole lives.  But that's the types of relationship you wouldn't understand.
You can turn that finger around.
You've been here for three minutes. What did you do to her?
He is not!
Look, look, man.  I think the man is heartbroken.
But the most interesting thing here is that I don't see the rose tattoo that I've heard about on your back.
Give me that!
A pre-wedding luau?
Grandma made me the cutest outfit.  I can't wait to show it to you.
Nothing like sharing your nuptial bed with two Sherpas and a yak.
We think so.
How romantic.
Without oxygen...
Really?
Twice...
Everest.  Is that right?
Despite what you think, I don't do it on purpose.  And I have no intention of doing it again.
That's fair.
I'd love to stay and chat, but I've got to get back to work.  I still have my job.
We'll see.
You're going to be very disappointed.
Yes.  Conviction.  Conviction that I'm onto the truth.  You're going to do the same thing to "poor bastard number four" that you did to the last three.  You're going to run again.  And I'm not leaving until you do.
Did something happen to make you care about reality?
You have one?
I'm not here to make you feel bad.  I'm here for vindication.  In my heart...
Yes.
Weird dreams?  You're going to tell me about them?
Nervous?  Not at all!  No.  I've never been more certain in my life.  Except -- I am having all kinds of weird dreams.
Getting nervous?
You'll answer my questions?
Well, instead of a haircut, how about a wash?  You know, get all that city grit out of it.
Excellent.
Originality is my speciality.
I hope you have a different angle. It's pretty much all been covered.
Quick.  Very quick.
Thank you.  You still think that he was....
Wedding.  Wedding.  You just have to get the rest of your ducks in a row.
What are you talking about?
Okay.
No, I'm just going to head home.
Want to go to Butch's for a drink or something?
I'm just finishing up, too.
You okay?  I'm closing.
No sauntering down the aisle.  Just make time.  Let's just get there.
Let's go.
Not eight...
You and your lucky geese.  You always see geese.
No, no.  I saw eight geese flying in a "V".
He's not coming.  Watch.  He's not coming.
See, this is a mature relationship. She's really found it.
Grandma!
It's for the bell.
... I don't even want to talk about the luau.  What's this?
What happened at the luau?
Yep.  I want him to be front and center and to watch everything.
He's going to be the pastor?
Would it?
I haven't seen him in twenty-four hours. It just gives me the creeps a little bit. I'd feel better if I knew where he was.
This party is for you and Bob.  Get your mind off the reporter.
Lighten up, what?
Lighten up, wahine.
Thanks.  Will you fix my hair?
You're right.  It's not funny now. Maybe we both grew up.
It's only funny at Camp Birchwood at three in the morning at a tick hunt. It's not anymore.
Something that brings warmth to my heart.  Duckbill platypus.
I think you're right.  Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
I'm not worried about you and Cory or Cory and me or even that you're irreversibly screwed up.  But, Maggie, you've been like this since we were kids.  And I think now that you are aware of it and that it hurts people's feelings, maybe it's time to move on with your life and commit to someone of your own, like Bob, if he's the one.
Peggy, there's distinct possibility that I might be profoundly and irreversibly screwed up.  Despite that, I love you and I can promise that I will no longer flirt with Cory, and I beg your forgiveness.
No.  You're quirky.  Quirky and weird are two different things.
But I'm weird.
No.  I'm weird.  Weird and mysterious are two different things.
But you haven't lost your mystery! You're very mysterious!
No, I don't think you're like, "I'm charming and mysterious in a way that even I don't understand and something about me is crying out for protection from a big man like you".  Very hard to compete with.  Especially to us married women who have lost our mystery.
Because you think I'm all like... "Hey man, check me out".
Why?
I'm going to kill myself.
On anything male that moves?  As opposed to anything male that doesn't move?
I know.  I think sometimes you just sort of spaz-out with random excess flirtation energy and it just lands on anything male that moves.
Yes.
Thank you.  Do you think I flirt with Cory?
Good morning to you, too.  You look good.
He looks better with that stuff out of his hair.  He's an attractive man.
Over there.  Ten o'clock.  He's talking to our little Dennis.  Dennis will turn into one of those "sources say" things.
Where?
There he is.  Snoop Doggy-Dogg.
Not that he doesn't deserve to get fired... Look!  Cory's going for second!... Sneaky!
Ya think?
It's probably because you got him fired.
That's what he says, but if he thinks that I don't realize he's writing another article, then he's an idiot.
For what reason?  Some personal satisfaction?
Okay, he's on base.  Can we talk about my life now?  -- Ike's going to turn that tattoo stuff into a big deal -- that I was never serious about Gill, blah blah.  He's totally out to get me.
She's the boss.
Hold on -- Nobody interviews Maggie in here unless they're getting haircut.
Yup!
Reporter?
Stop it.  When you talk like that, I get turned on and it frightens me.
I didn't even need to change this gasket, just put in a little hydraulic fluid.
You're a goddess!
Yes, I've seen it.  And I have to say it's the rudest and most offensive... joke anybody's ever played on me!
So -- Mag -- you've seen this, huh?
No, it's humiliating and you've been doing it since I was a kid.  I don't like it.  Stop.  You may not like having a daughter with problems.  But guess what?  I don't like having a father who's drunk all the time.  I'll eat in my room.
A harmless joke.
No.  It's my life.
Maggie, it's just a joke...
Just stop it.  Don't say another word like that.
What?
Thank you, Dad.
I'm really rooting for this one.
I changed it.  See you later, Mr. Travis.  That guy has a problem... Maggie, you can run everyone's life but your own.
His name is Skipper, Dad... Steady.
Good boy, Port Hole.
I'm not exactly having fun, either... Steady.
Not this one.  This one's on me.
So I've come to see it as a bonus, really, that we've been able to plan, and pay for, so many weddings.
Maybe she hasn't read the paper...
Yeah.
You know, it's just possible that she hasn't read this yet.
No.
No, no.  You're her best friend.
No, you tell her.
You tell Maggie.
"And her ritual feast continues as she prepares to make a sacrifice out of the seventh fiance.  So all bets are on and we hope that this boomerang bride isn't honeymooning with Las Vegas odds makers because many predict that this girl is out of there before the race... before the rice hits the ground"  Holy moly.
"What is unusual about Miss Carpenter is that she likes to dress her men up as grooms before she devours them.  She has already disemboweled six in a row by leaving them at the altar."... I can't ready anymore.
So you're angry.  Big deal.
You turn it on, you open it and you stand in front of it for a very long time.
What am I going to do with a microwave?
You take the microwave?
That's good.
How about ... you're too narcissistic to commit to another human being in a long- term way.
Nope.
You don't love me, is that it?
Nope.
Is there somebody else?
There's no why, Annie.  I'm just not up for it.  I never said I was.
No, that's free.  He's an architect.  Used to do big high-profile projects.  He scaled it all back when his wife died.  Now he remodels people's homes.  He works in a small firm, makes a good living.
I hope I don't have to pay for that piece of information.
It's on the lake right in the middle of Seattle.  It rains nine months of the year in Seattle.
But it's on the water.
It's not a boat boat.  It's really a house.
Boats.  All anyone talks about is the wind.  Is it up, is it down.  I can't live with a man who only talks about the wind.
Houseboats don't go anywhere.
Boats.  You go out in them. You come back in them.  I hate them.
It sounds nice.
I hate boats.
He's got a houseboat.
Tell me he's living in squalor. Tell me everything he has is being repossessed, including his filthy, dented mobile home.
Look!
What?
Oh!
Yes.  Some people will do anything to get out of going to a symphony.
You okay?
I think that's what I'm saying.
Oh, Walter.  I don't deserve you.
Not really.  Look, Annie, I love you.  Let's leave that out of it.  I don't want to be someone you're settling for.  I don't want to be someone anyone settles for.  I have a life insurance policy, I'm fully invested in growth stocks, I have a paid subscription to Home Rox Office, I have no sexual diseases, I have been steadily employed in a part of the economy that isn't soft, I have expectation in the way of inherited wealth, I dress nicely, I am a member of the private sector, an independent voter, I don't watch Monday Night Football, the only thing wrong with me is that I am allergic to wheat, strawberries, penicillin, pollen, nuts and wool.  There are plenty of women who see me as the brass ring.  If you don't -- marriage is hard enough without bringing such low expectations into it, isn't it?
I'm not at the top of the Empire State Building.  I'm here.
At the top of the Empire State Building --
I told you.  Nothing --
So what happened?
Yes.  But it wasn't really.  It was just...
-- it was a betrayal.
I don't know what to say about it, Walter.  It was a form of temporary insanity.  But I had to tell you about it because --
Walter, there's something I have to tell you --
Beautiful view, isn't it?
It's so beautiful.  It's just what I would have picked out if I'd had every ring in the world to choose from.  You see what I mean.  There are people who would like a relationship to be full of surprises, but I am not one of them.  Surprises are highly overrated.
It was my mother's.
Walter.
It's just like my grandmother's china.
I do.
You couldn't.
Don't hate me but I love this pattern.
Well, I did.  And you know what I think? I think that it was almost... too perfect.
No.
About forever.
What?
I am.  I was just... I just got... I think I got nervous.  It's normal, right? Don't you ever feel nervous about, you know?
Ever since Christmas, you've been different.  Kind of distracted, distant.  But I feel like you're coming back from wherever you were.
You go.
Okay, okay.
And then I'll see you in New York --
When you get back, I'll be gone --
Not for the kind of place I want to do.  I won't be in Chicago that long.
Couldn't you just do a phone interview?
I know.  It makes no sense at all.  Thank God my life is in place.
That doesn't make any sense.
Becky heard this woman on the radio complaining about this guy she was sure was Rick, which meant he was cheating on her.  She was completely hysterical.  Then it turned out the woman lived in Duluth.
I gotta go.  I'll see you at work.  Walter, you scared me.  Don't ever do that again.
Miss Scarlett.  In the broom closet.  With the radio.
Oh, it's just Becky, she's having trouble with Rich again.  Hold on, Becky, I'm going downstairs.
Who is it?
I don't think so.
Does it have wheat in it?
It's delicious, trust me.
What is it?
We will?  The Symphony?  Okay.  I'll take you to the Russian Tea Room for pelmeni.
Go to the Symphony --
Go for a walk in Central Park --
We'll stay at the Plaza --
Walter, I'd love to --
I was thinking, I have to go up to Boston for the AAP convention and then visit Winston-Hughes about switching over our computers.  Why don't we meet in New York for Valentine's Day weekend?
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year, darling.
Don't be silly.  I'll just be ten minutes behind you.
I'll wait.
How will I get back to Baltimore Saturday?  Oh God, I forgot my present for your stepmother -- I took it inside by accident.
You sure you don't want to drive with me?
Nope.  Not even when I was young.
Even when you were young?
Nope.
I love you, Walter.  Did anyone ever call you anything other than Walter?
I love you.
They loved you.  I told you they would love you and they did.
Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
Is that all right with you?
My head swells up like a watermelon and I drop dead.
If he eats one tiny piece of a nut --
He's allergic to everything, don't worry about it --
Don't touch them.  I feel terrible sneezing at a time like this.  This is a big moment for me --
They're going to love you.
Am I what they had in mind?
I hope he doesn't get out his slides.
Your Uncle Milton lost all his money in a Puerto Rican condominium that went belly up, don't mention the IRS or the Federal prison system.  Your mother is Barbara, your father is Cliff --
-- who is the most competitive woman in the world --
And your brother Tom is a psychology professor and is married to...Betsy --
-- because Irene threatened to put the dog to sleep if he didn't --
Harold, who ran away with his secretary but came back --
-- who's married to --
The short one with black hair is your cousin Irene --
I hate it.  I'm so happy, Becky.  Finally I feel happy.  This is right. This is real.  Everything else is what happens when you watch too many movies and completely lose sight of what counts.  Please don't tell anyone about what happened.  "Sleepless in Seattle" is history.
I love the symphony.
We're going to the Rainbow Room and the symphony tomorrow night.
What are your plans in New York?
No, I'm not. 
You're going to miss the train.
It doesn't mean anything.  It was written before I went out there.  Before the ho.
What about the letter?
I'm going to run back to Walter's arms, if he's still have me.
So he can't write.  Big deal. I mean, verbal ability is a highly overrated thing in a guy, and our pathetic need for it is what gets us into so much trouble.
Made for each other.
M.F.E.O.?
"Dear Annie: Thanks for your letter.  It was great.  We're very excited about meeting you in New York on Valentine's Day and seeing if we are M.F.E.O. Sleepless in Seattle."
So I mailed your letter.
Becky?
Well, it's the same woman.  And he was crazy about her.  What is this?  This is from Seattle.
This is a photo of hair.
I saw her.  She looked just like this --
You don't know who she was, Annie --
It's a sign I've watched this movie too many times.  I'm so stupid.  From the minute I listen to that stupid program on the radio, I've been a complete jerk.
It's a sign --
He said hello.
But he saw you, right?
That was nothing compared to this humiliation, nothing.
I love that dream.
You know that dream where you're walking down the street naked and everyone is looking at you?
You were standing in the middle of the street?
Good night.
I love you, too.
Thank you.  I love you.
No.  That's the weirdest part about it.
Is this crazy?
What?
Becky?
Okay.  Good.  Goodbye.
That's not what I mean.  I'm going back over there tomorrow and talk to him.  I am.
You told a lie and got on a plane.
I couldn't do it.  How did I get here?
Did you talk to him?
Definitely.
You'd probably have to go somewhere to really look into it.
I thought I would look into doing a story about those radio shows.
The kid is on.  You've got me listening to this garbage. Go on, turn it on.
What?
Turn on your radio!
Hello.
I always wondered about that too.
Do you think at the end of the movie when she's in the wheelchair they can still do it?
I know.
Men never get this movie.
Listen to this, I love this part --
Plus he fell in love with a temp.
And then you left him? He lost weight there and you left him?
Yes.
No.
Can too.
That's impossible.  A guy can't --
He lost all the weight... there.
You never told me you left your husband because he went on a diet.
You want to hear about destiny? If my husband hadn't gone on a diet, which caused me to leave him, I would never have been on that flight to Miami, and met Rick, and ended up having sex in the bathroom of a 727 with that nob you slide that says "vacant-occupied, vacant- occupied, vacant-occupied" -- 
Good.  Perfect.  I'll be in New York with Walter, I can squeeze it in.
"On top of the Empire State Building at sunset on Valentine's Day."
"I want to meet you..."
Your destiny can be your doom. Look at me and Rick.
I don't know.  I mean, what if I never meet him? What if this man is my destiny and I never meet him?
What?
I should say something in this about magic.
Right.
I'm going to marry Walter.  I just have to get this out of my system.
You are.  You're losing your mind.  What about Walter?
I know that.  You think I don't know that? "I know that's a dumb way to begin, but it's the only way I can think of to convey what happened to me the other night when I heard the two of you on the radio.  On the other hand, maybe I'm just losing my mind."
And this woman is a writer! That's what everyone writes at the beginning of letters to strangers.
"I am not the sort of person who listens to call-in radio shows" --
It sounds like the name of a mattress store --
"Dear Sleepless and Son..."
... movie.  That's your problem.  You don't want to be in love.  You want to be in love in a movie.  Read it to me.
They knew it.  Time, distance, nothing could separate them. Because they knew.  It was right.  It was real.  It was...
You're a basket case.
Not.
Oh? Oh, really? Now we're getting down to it.
Actually, he sounded nice.
And now 2,000 women want his number.  The guy could be a crackhead, a psychopath, a flasher, a junkie, a transvestite, a chain-saw murderer, or someone really sick, like Rick.
That's what she called him on the show.  Because he can't sleep.
"Sleepless in Seattle"?
Nothing's with me.
What's with you?
What was what?
What was that about up there?
There's practically a whole book about how that statistic is not true --
It's not true, but it feels true.
Whatever it is.
About what?
You should write something about this.
You want a tail.  I got a guy in Seattle --
No.  Not remotely.  I just want to find out about him.
Oh.  Like Glenn Close in that movie.
I'll tell you the truth, I heard this guy on a call-in radio show and I might not marry the person I should marry because I've become obsessed with him.
A sense of humor.
No, no, no, it's more like, who is he, does he have a sense of humor, is he nice -- no forget nice, I've got nice --
So you want a financial, is he a deadbeat, we can do a D&B --
No, I know that part --
Do you want a matrimonial, past wives, any kids--
She has a pattern of getting involved with losers... Once she almost ran away with a human cannonball from the circus.
Okay.
I need to know about him because... he's involved with my sister...
That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go home.  I quit.  Laurie, I quit.  I'm going back to Baltimore.  How does a blonde do a high- five?
Go home for the weekend.
I want my money.
Maybe you should see a shrink.
I know. 
He wasn't even wrong for you, like <u>cosmically</u> wrong, so don't beat up on yourself for wasting...however long it was.
I know.
Honey, he wasn't right for you.
Howard.
Howard.
Hi, Jonah.  Sam.  And who is this?
I'm Jonah.  That's my dad.  His name is Sam.
Yes.
Are you Annie?
Come on, Jonah --
Oh God, it's major.  He's kissing her on the lips.  I have to stop this.
How am I going to explain this to Walter?
This is a complete disaster.  I wanted him to find a wife, but he's got the wrong one --
This is a grotesque violation of this man's personal life, but never mind --
Please --
And you crazy? He thinks shows like this are dumb.  If you didn't have an 800 number I could never get away with this --
Perfect.  Sandbag the father.
Any time.
Thank you, Tom.  I feel so much better just having blown this off.
Yes, I did.
I know, I know.  I do not want to move to Seattle.  But what I really don't want to do is end up always wondering what might have happened and knowing I could have done something. What do you think?  It's just cold feet, isn't it? Everyone panics before they get married, didn't you?
It rains nine months of the year in Seattle.
I don't even know him.  But I'm having all these fantasies about a man I've never met, who lives in Seattle.
Annie, when you meet someone and you're attracted to them, it just means that your subconscious is attracted to their subconscious, subconsciously.  So what we think of as chemistry is just two neuroses knowing that they are a perfect match.
But when you met her, did you believe she was the only person for you? That in some mystical, cosmic way, it was fated?
I got married because Betsy said we had to break up or get married.  So we get married.
I mean, why did you get married? Was it all fireworks and trumpets and --
What?
I think I'm going crazy, Tom. I really do.  Are you happily married?
You don't believe in signs.
It's a sign.
So you'll get married in a new dress.
Like... clockwork.
Well, fine, fine.  Fiddle da dee.  And how's it working?
Mom, we already...
Of course it took several years before everything worked like clockwork in that department, so don't be worried if it takes a while --
Mom!
I knew we would be together forever, and that everything would be wonderful, just the way you feel about Walter. Walter.  It's quite a formal name, isn't it?  One of the things I truly knew was that your father and I were going to have a wonderful time ... in the sack I believe you call it --
Magic.
Magic.  It was magic.
What?
You know.
What?
I was in Atlantic City with my family.  Cliff was a waiter. He talked me into sneaking out for a midnight walk on the Steel Pier.  I've probably told you this a million times, but I don't care.  And then he held my hand.  I was scared.  All sorts of thing were going through my head.  But after a while I forgot about them.  At one point I looked down, at our hands, and I couldn't tell which fingers were mine and which were his.  And I knew.
It wasn't a sign.  It was a coincidence.
Then how do you explain that you both ordered exactly the same sandwich except for the bread? How many people in this world like lettuce and tomato without something else like tuna?
Oh, please.  Destiny's just something we've invented because we can't stand the fact that everything that happens is accidental.
Destiny takes a hand.
It is, isn't it? You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day you decide to order takeout and it changes your life.
How amazing.
It's silly, really.  I mean, I'd seen him at the office, obviously I'd seen him, he's the associate publisher, and then one day we both ordered sandwiches from the same place, and he got my lettuce and tomato sandwich on whole wheat, which of course he was allergic to, and I got his lettuce and tomato on white.
How did it happen?
You'll love them.  We're going down to D.C.  tonight to be with them Christmas morning.
Are his folks nice?
I know.  He's wonderful, isn't he?
I notice these things are back in fashion.  Oh, honey.  He's a lovely man, Annie.
Granny's dress.  Oh, Mom.
The Historical Society wanted this and I never would give it to them --
We'll move them --
It's probably just the flowers --
Walter and I are engaged!
Everybody! Annie has an announcement --
The one in the street.  I chased after you.
It's me?
It's you.
Shhhh --
Hi.  So far so good.  So.  What should we talk about? How insecure we were in high school.  Shirley Votypka, the first girl I ever felt up. Health.  What about health? Did you know that eating six macadamia nuts is the equivalent of eating a steak?
Hi.
Hello.
Hello.
Magic.
Magic.
You touch her for the first time, and suddenly... you're home.  It's almost like...
Sure you do --
Sure you do.
Thanks, but I'll pass.  It's kind of a big night.  I don't like to leave Jonah alone.
Sam, if you're not doing anything New Year's -- obviously you're not doing anything New Year's -- we're having some people over, all of them married, not one even remotely interested in playing around.  Does that sound great or what?  I can't think of the last time I was at a party when anything actually happened.
Why me? What about Jay?
The point is, take the client out to dinner and ask her to marry you and then maybe we won't have to redo the kitchen cabinets.
Grace the dispatcher.  Great.
Grace heard it.
Great.  This is great.  The whole town knows.  Just out of curiosity, how do you two know?
The cabinets have to be redone --
Which means --
And if I could describe it, it probably wouldn't be on a radio show.  But what the hell.  It's not one specific thing.  It's more of a feeling. 
Why not?
I don't think I could really describe it.
What was it that made you know?
I don't know.  When I met my wife, it was so clear.  I just <u>knew</u>.
What are you going to do, Sam?
It's hard to imagine.
Do you think there's somebody out there you could love as much as your wife? Maybe even more?
What's she talking about?
We've been talking to -- well, let's just call him Sleepless in Seattle, and we'll be right back after this break with listener response, <u>your</u> response, to the things we've been discussing.  The number to call is...
And I don't want to invade your privacy --
Look, Doctor, I don't want to be rude, but --
Why not?
No.
Have you had any relationship since?
It's been about a year and a half.
Good.  How long ago did your wife die?
All righ...
I think it's hard for him to talk to you about all this. Maybe we could talk and it would make him feel a little better.
I'm not mad at you.  Okay, I'm not mad at you.
Jesus, are we on the air? Jonah, for God's sake --
Dr. Marcia Fieldstone of Network America.
Who is this?
I'm not selling anything.  Your son called and asked for advice on how to find you a new wife.
I'm probably not interested in whatever you're selling.
Hello, Sam, this is Dr. Marcia Fieldstone on Network America.
Hello.
Tell her how you don't sleep at night.
I have no doubt that you're a good dad.  You can tell a lot from a person's voice.  But something must be missing if Jonah feels that you're still under a cloud.
Fair enough.
Okay, but if I get yelled at, I'm never gonna listen to this show again.
I'm sure he won't be angry once he realizes how concerned you are about him.
I don't know --
Well, I think I can help a little more if I talk to him directly.
Yeah.
Is he home right now?
You want me to talk to him?
It's very hard for him to talk about this stuff.  It's like it makes him sadder.
Why not?
No.
I'm worried about him, he's worried about me, I ride my bike to school, he follows in the car, like I'm not supposed to know he's there.  Now it's Christmas, and you know what happens to people at Christmas.
And you're worried about him.
I've been pretty sad, but I think my dad is worse.
I'm sorry to hear that, Jonah.
She died.
Where's your mom?
He doesn't have one now. That's the problem.
You don't like the one he was now?
It's not for me.  It's for my dad.  I think he needs a new wife.
Got me there.  What's your Christmas wish, Jonah?
It's not that late in Seattle.
No last names, Jonah.  Hello there, you sound younger than our usual callers.  How come you're up so late?
Right, right.
It is not --
It is easier to be killed by a terrorist --
No.
How about rapacious and love- starved?
Just because someone's looking for a nice guy doesn't make them desperate.
What kind of person would write to someone they heard on the radio?
They met at the Empire State Building, only they didn't. Never mind.
This is going to be tougher than I thought.
You'll like it.
Some woman is going to want me to do it to her and I'm not going to know what it is.
You'll see.
What is it?
You'll find out.
What's tira misu?
Great.  They'll have a parade in your honor.  You'll be Man of the Year in Seattle Magazine.  Tira misu.
I don't think it could let a woman pay for dinner.
Well.  Things are different. First, you have to be friends. You have to like each other. Then you neck.  This can go on for years.  Then you have tests.  Then you get to do it with a condom.  The good news is, split the check.
Seventy... eight.
When's the latest time you were out there?
Everywhere.  You can't even turn on the news without hearing about how some babe thought some guy's butt was cute.  Who the first babe to say this was I don't know, but it caught on.
You mean, like, "He has the cutest butt"? Where did I hear that recently?
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.  What women are looking over, okay? Pecs and a cute butt.
I'm not asking you to set me up, Jay.  That's not what I need your help for.  I want to know what it's like over there.
Sandy has a girlfriend, Clenda ... She's a weightlifter, but it's not like her neck is bigger than her head or anything --
Well, okay.  What's the big deal?  If she'll forget the new fireplace, I'll marry her. Just point me in the right direction.
Hey, my plate is full.
I'd rather die than eat on an airplane.  I'm telling them you're twelve so you can fly unaccompanied and they won't make you be carried around by a stewardess and everything.
I don't know.  Do I?
Do you want a fruit plate?
Window.
Do you want an aisle or a window seat?
But how am I going to get there?
I have forty-two.  So that would definitely cover taxicabs, I think.
Eighty dollars.
Nobody knows.  It changes practically every day.  How much money do you have?
Do you know how much it costs to go to New York?
You have to go to her, Jonah. You have to find her.
I don't get it.
This is the best movie I've ever seen in my life.
Your only hope.
Yeah.  What's that?
It's Y. O. H.
You think so?
Write her.
H and G.  Hi and goodbye.
Dad, could you close the door?
Sure.
What do you mean, okay? Wouldn't you like a dog?
Okay.
Maybe we'll get a dog when we get back.
It was all they had.
I can't believe you flew first class.
No.
I mean, so far, have I screwed it up for you?
No.
Listen, have I ever done anything really stupid?
If I didn't go.
When I found you?
I was scared of what you were gonna do.
What if I couldn't get to you?
Goddammit, I am sick of this --
No.
Get out.
I'm not leaving this room until you say yes.
I can't know what I said, but we're not going.
Did too.
Did not.
You said we could go to New York.
This conversation is finished.
Shut up?  Shut up???  Mom never did that.  Mom never said shut up to me.  Mom never yelled at me.
Shut up.
What's wrong with Annie?
Thank you, Jonah.  But the point is, I am not asking permission.
Fine.  I won't say anything. You can marry Count Dracula.
This is the one I like.
I have to have a life.  I have to do things that I want with people my own age.  It's none of your business who I am going out with.  I don't give a good goddam if you're angry --
Yes.
Are you going with her?
I'm only going to be away one night, okay, and Clarise will be here.  You'll have a swell time.  You'll watch a little Geraldo, some Nightmare on Elm Street 12, I'll never know.
It might be in the kitchen.
Have you seen my wallet?
I sincerely hope you are not going to marry Jessica.
The reason I know this and you don't is that I'm younger and purer so I'm more in touch with cosmic forces.
The one who wrote us.
Who is Annie?
Dad, I was talking to Jessica about reincarnation, and she thinks that probably you knew Annie in another life.
Victoria? She's okay.
God, she's beautiful.
I'm never going to meet anyone who's going to measure up to your mom in your eyes? What do you think? There's a perfect woman walking around out there?
Was Mom an adjustment?
Jonah, this isn't fair.  You don't know Victoria.  I hardly know her myself.  She is, in fact, a mystery to me.  She tosses her hair a lot.  Why does she do this? I have no idea.  Is it a twitch? Does she need a haircut? Should she use barrette so it doesn't keep falling in her face? These are things that I'm willing to get to the bottom of, and that is why I am dating her.  That is all I am doing. I am not marrying her.  Can you appreciate the difference? That's what single people do, they try people on and they see if they fit.  But nobody fits perfectly, everyone is an adjustment.
If she knew, she'd never forgive me.  It would be hopeless for the two of you.
This is not a joke.  Thank God Victoria doesn't know.  It would really have hurt her feelings.
It's a short word.
Long enough to call Victoria a ho.
I just called for a second.
Everyone at work heard you.
No.
Did you call that radio station again?
That's true.  Why is that?
The water tastes better in the kitchen.
There's a bathroom upstairs.
I was thirsty.
What are you doing up?
I thought I saw a black widow spider.
Don't ever do that again.
I'm glad you liked it.  Good night, Jonah.
Thanks for dinner.  I never saw anybody cook potatoes that way.
Thank Victoria for dinner.
Okay.
Jonah!
It's only ten o'clock.
Okay, tiger.  Time for bed.
She's going to cook something for us?
Why is she bringing that bag?
There she is.
I figure we could go to New York, catch the Knicks, and since we'd be there anyway, obviously we'd go to the Empire State Building --
Perfect.  We'll be there.
She doesn't want us to go to Baltimore.  She wants to meet us in New York City on Valentine's Day.  On top of the Empire State Building.
Here is Seattle.  And here is Baltimore.  Case closed. 
Oh, right.
It's a sign.
Everyone thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest.
Dad!
WAIT!!!  -- "and while we're on the subject, let's just say right now that Brooks Robinson was the best third baseman ever. It's important that you agree with me on that because I'm from Baltimore."  Dad, she thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest.
Jonah, I'm leaving --
Just this one part, okay?  "I have been an excellent third-baseman for as long as I or anyone else can remember, and I guarantee you will not get one past me"
Not now, Jonah --
Listen to this --
Now I'm late.  Bye.
Her name is Annie.  Annie Reed.
The heels on these shoes are very large.  Why have I never noticed this? The heels on these shoes are grotesque.
This is a good letter, Dad.
I look stupid.  I look stupid, don't I? I look like I'm trying too hard.  I was going to get a haircut but then I thought I'd look like I just got a haircut. 
Great.
Sleepless and Son.  Baltimore.
This one's for both of us.
Good.
I... uh... have a date with someone Friday night.
I know.  But she's here, Jonah. Because I have you.  And as long as I have you, I have your Mom.
I'm starting to forget her.
I never did.  Or the whole idea of an afterlife.  But I don't know any more.  I have these dreams about... your mom... and we have long talks about... about you, and how you are, which she sort of knows but I tell her anyway.  So what is that? It's sort of an afterlife, isn't it?
Like do you believe in heaven?
I don't know.
I miss her.  What do you think happens to someone after they die?
Is that what she used to sing?
Bye bye blackbird.
You're worried we're going to be all right.  We're going to be all right.  I remember sometimes you'd have nightmares as a baby.  Your mom would hold you and rock you and sing you a song.
Our house.  There was water coming in all the windows.
What was?
It was sinking.
How do you know?
I know.
Dad, this is amazing.  If you play this backwards, it says "Paul is dead."
It's nice to meet you, Jessica.
Hi, Dad.  Dad, this is Jessica.
Go to sleep.
Jed's got cables.
Whose show was this on?
In the movies women are always scratching up guy's back and screaming and stuff.  When they're having sex.
What?
Will she scratch up your back?
What do you think?
If you get a new wife, I guess you'll have sex with her, huh?
I'm starting to notice that.
It doesn't.  They ask you.
But not dinner necessarily on the first date because by the time you're halfway through dinner you might be sorry you asked them to dinner whereas if it's just a drink, if you like them you can always ask them for dinner but if you don't you can go home if you see what I mean.  I wonder if it still works this way.
-- a slice of pizza --
You see someone you like, you get a feeling about them, you ask them if they want to have a drink or --
English muffin.  How do you do it?
This is not how you do it.  You want this on an English muffin or a bun?
Dad, you're not taking this seriously.
She looks like my third grade teacher.  I hated my third grade teacher.  Hold it! Wait a minute! She <u>is</u> my third grade teacher!
She's willing to fly anywhere.
I'm not going to think about what they're not teaching you in school.  I am not going to think about it.  Generally speaking I think we should rule out people who don't live somewhere near here --
Somewhere in the middle.
Oklahoma.  Do you know where that is?
This is no good.  She's looking for someone French.  Or Greek.  "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I live in Tulsa." Where is that? --
Thank God.  Something you don't know.  It's a single white female.
"Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I am an SWF"--  What is that?
You have to give them your phone number or they won't let you go on the air.
How did they get our phone number?
They called and asked for it.  "Dear Sleepless in Seattle. You are the most attractive man I've ever laid ears on."
Just out of curiosity, how did they get our address?
Right.  I'm sorry, Jonah, I'm sorry.
Stressed.
I'm sorry.  I'm just --
I think I know how to have a spice rack.
Shouldn't you have used a toggle bolt?
Sure.  Looking good.
So I can go.
Fine.  Fine.
Jed is having a slumber party New Year's Eve and he invited me.
Just out of curiosity, do you have any friends whose names don't begin with a J?  I feel like it was a failure of the imagination on our part naming you Jonah.  What is marjoram? Does anyone know?
I forgot to mention.  Jed called --
What?
P.  Dad?
Does red pepper go under R or P?
Dad --
What's the matter with this one? Wouldn't you like to have Imelda Marcos as your mother?
No, I'm not, but --
Oh, you're changing your mind --
Dad, I don't know about this one --
You're right.  You better hope so.
Nobody else is going to know it was us.
What?!
It plays in 50 states.
How many people do you think heard that thing last night?
My feelings exactly.
Not.
Right.
It's never happening again. Right?
Dad?  About last night?
We desperately need a spice rack.  Desperately.
It's a spice rack.
The hopes are perfect -- beautiful, identical, smooth -- and they are for something really amazing I feel it in my bones --
I don't think I have to now.
I can hear you walking around sometimes.  At first I thought it was a robber.  Go ahead, tell her, Dad.
There's somebody on the phone for you.  His name is Sam.
What is it?
Dad --
I think they're announcing your flight.
Well...
Sure.  I'd really like that. Thank you so much.
We ought to start camping again, Dad.
I went camping once.  I love to brush my teeth in a brook and floss with a weed.
Do you like it?
What about it?
What about camping?
Yes, I do.  In fact, my firm has box seats for the Mariners. Why don't we all go next week?
Do you like baseball?
Hi.  He should book now because we can get an excursion fare. Jessica's parents are travel agents and --
Hi, Sam.  And let me guess -- you must be Jonah.
Well, here's the number.  If you ever find yourself Sleepless, give us a call.  We also... do babysitting.
Thanks, but... we've got plans.
We live two piers over, don't we? Number 12, right? We're having like a really neat open house today from like four to whenever if you care to stop by.
You must be Jonah.
Yes?
Hi.  Sam?
Hi.
Look, I met somebody.  She's good, and capable and smart. We hit it off.  We can't spend your life chasing after fantasies.
Would you follow <U>her</U> through an airport?
Anyway, Victoria's nice.
"An Affair To Remember." Did you ever see it? Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr.  Before that it was called "Love Affair With Irene Dunne And Charles Boyer."
What do you mean?
It's a little derivative.
Now that I'm seeing someone, it's a whole other thing.
You're kidding --
It'll take him a while to come around.  A month ago he called one of those radio call-in shows and told them I needed a wife --
How's Jonah taking it?
I tried to talk to her...  It was like I knew her.  Weird.
You saw her in the airport and then here?
He's over at the boat show. He'll be by later.  It's so beautiful here.
God, it's wonderful to see you. Where's Greg?
I'm sorry --
Move on.  Right.  That's what I'm going to do.  In a few months, boom, I'll be fine, I'll just grow a new heart.
Eventually, in a few months, you'll start seeing women, you'll meet someone.
Microwave.  Five minutes.
Five minutes in the microwave. Any one of them, five minutes and done.  Ready to eat.  Do you know how to make juice?
Sure.  Sure.
Absolutely.  When I come back, maybe the two of us should spend some time together, on our own.  What do you think?
It takes time --
I read the same article...
I read an article about this ...
He's good at it.
He's ten.
Absolutely.  Right.
No.  After he was born, every time we started to make love, he would cry.  He had an uncanny sense of timing.  We really shouldn't do anything here anyway.
Is he there?
I've already solved it.  I've hired a hit man.
I know her pretty well.  Maybe I could call her --
We can't finish the job.  She's on her sixth painter, now she's thinking maybe she wants the fireplace rebricked --
So whatdya say? I'll get the check, and I'll call you in eight months.
Oh.
You <u>are</u> the first woman I'm going out with.
No way.  No way I was going to be the first woman you went out with after...  There is no percentage whatsoever in being the first woman anyone goes out with after...
You could have called me --
I really wanted you to call me, and I thought you were never going to --
You did?
I thought you were never going to call me.
You look good yourself.
You look good.
Hi.
Hi.
There's nothing stopping you.
Are you going to let us pass -- or do I have to call the Sheriff?
No. My name is Quintero. Mister Quintero.
I mean it. I know your work record. You were in line for foreman when this trouble started -- did you know that? You had a real future with this company, but you let those Reds stir you up. And now they'll sell you down the river. Why don't you wake up, Ray?  That's your name, isn't it, Ray?
That's none of their affair.
The men would like to know who this gentleman is.
No thanks.
You're welcome to one.
Naturally. You think I parked here for a cup of coffee?
Want to go up to your office, Mr. Alexander?
Your foreman says that's a foreman's job.
Why didn't you give a warning signal?
I told you it would happen. It's bound to happen when a man works alone!
I don't make policy.
Got any more ideas?
No, just the ring leaders. The fire-eaters. And the ones with big families ...  Barton -- where's that boy?
You want 'em all arrested?
You haven't tried locking them up!
I've tried everything but shootin' 'em down.
Well?
Now don't get excited, Mr. Alexander. They'll scatter like a covey of quail.
Whose side are you on anyway?
Not so sure about that. Letter of the Law, you know. All the injunction says is no picketing by miners.
Well, those new fellows you hired from out of town -- we brought 'em up here in a truck this morning, but they took one look at that picket line and turned tail.
How's it going?
Mornin'.
You know ...  What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
What do you mean -- sex equality?
He says give 'em equality. Equality in jobs, equality in the home. Also sex equality.
So? What does he want to do about 'em?
Question, question -- the problem, what to do about 'em.
The woman question?
It's like Charley Vidal says -- there's two kinds of slavery, wage slavery and domestic slavery. The Woman Question, he calls it.
Yeah.
Three hours! Just to heat enough water to wash this stuff!  I tell you something. If this strike is ever settled -- which I doubt -- I don't go back to work unless the company installs hot running water for us.  It should've been a union demand from the beginning.
It never ends.
How goes it?
You can't send him back to Oklahoma. It'd be inhumane.
Jenkins ain't no boss.  Mean we're gonna let people like Jenkins stay here?
No, no, it's the president of the company himself -- come all the way out here to make Jenkins general manager. So why you acting so mean?
It's the paymaster from Moscow -- with our gold.
Now why don't you let these gentlemen pass? Don't you know who's in that car?
I say we gotta take action. Now.
Take a drink. Calm down!
You're a liar, Pancho. A no-good, dirty ...
You weren't even there. You were back at the station. Kalinsky told me ...
I checked the drift just before he blasted. It was all clear ... The man must have been asleep or something.
An American.
Who? A scab?
You work alone, savvy? You can't handle the job, I'll find someone who can.
Foreman wants to get the ore out. Miner wants to get his brothers out. In one piece.
He will if he wants us to go on blasting.
Now wait a minute. Super's the one made the rule. He ain't gonna give you no helper.
So much the better.
Super's busy -- with your Negotiatin' Committee.
You know the beef. This new rule of yours, that we work alone. We're taking it up with the Super.
Hear you had a little trouble, Quintero. Defective fuse?  Well, you're all in one piece. So what's the beef?
Yes. We will light the candles.
Can we light the candles now? On the cake?
They are singing for me.
Why are they singing, Mama?
Hush... not a word about the cake, hear?
Mama, can I put the candles ...
Later. When I finish the ironing.
Are you sad?  Are we going to church? For your confession?
No, Estellita.
Are you sick, Mama?
With Ramón it's ... pride. I spoke out of the bitterness in me. And he was hurt.
So they had a little taste of what its like to be a woman ... and they run away.
Good. Come in, we'll work it out. Sit down, sit down.
It's all set. Consuelo's squad can take they day off tomorrow. We're taking over.
Don't you worry. We'll get some action.
He can't drink this milk. It'll make him sick. He's on a formula.  I was a fool! I shouldn't have kept him with me.
No. No. I can't. If Ramón ever found me on a picket line ...
Come on, Esperanza -- how about it? We got to.
Sure. Where they're negotiating. In the company office. We'll go up there and picket the place.
To the mine?
This means they've given up trying to break the picket line.  Now we can all fight together -- all of us.
What are you saying?
This is what we've been waiting for.
And if you can't understand this you're a fool -- because you can't win this strike without me! You can't win anything without me!
Will you be still?
Whose neck shall I stand on, to make me feel superior? And what will I get out of it? I don't want anything lower than I am. I'm low enough already. I want to rise. And push everything up with me as I go ...
Shut up, you're talking crazy.
Yes. I talk of dignity. The Anglo bosses look down on you, and you hate them for it. "Stay in your place, you dirty Mexican" -- that's what they tell you. But why must you say to me, "Stay in your place." Do you feel better having someone lower than you?
You talk of dignity? After what you've been doing?
No, you don't. Have you learned nothing from this strike? Why are you afraid to have me at your side? Do you still think you can have dignity only if I have none?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Charley's my friend. I need friends.  Why are you afraid to have me as your friend?
Charley Vidal says!  Don't throw Charley Vidal up to me!
I don't know. But I can feel it coming. It's like ... like a lull before the storm. Charley Vidal says ...
Like what?
Ramón were not getting weaker. We're stronger than ever before.  They're getting weaker. They thought they could break our picket line. And they failed. And now they can't win unless they pull off something big, and pull it off fast.
Who said anything about giving up? I'll never go back to the company on my knees. Never.
You mean you're ready to give up?
Aah! They've got other mines. You don't see the larger picture.  They've got millions. Millions. They can outlast us, and they know it.
It's a lot to them. They'd do anything to open that mine.
And you know why? Because the company knows they can starve us out -- even if it takes another two, three months. What's it to them if the mine's shut down a little longer?
Whose funeral? We're doing all right. There hasn't been a scab near the picket line for three days.
Sure, the standby squad. Stand-by for the funeral.
But you are needed. Especially now -- with most of the other men away. You're captain of the stand-by squad.
Why not? I'm not needed here.
Ramón -- you can't.
No.
Alone?
Sun up.
When?
Hunting.
Where are you going?
No. We can't can't go on this way. We can't go back to the old way either.
We can't go on this way. I just can't go on living with you. Not this way.
Tell me.
But you wanted to talk. Tell me.
Be still ...
That meeting only lasted ten minutes.  The first night I'm home, and you run to the beer parlor. What is it? Can't you bear the sight of me?
You weren't waiting for me.
I waited up till midnight.
Yes. To plan for the picket line tomorrow.
A meeting?
All right, but later. I've got a meeting now.
We've got to have a talk, you and me.
No, no ... the Sheriff had enough of us. We drove him crazy.
But if you go back they'll lock you up again.
No, no ... we wouldn't do it.
Did you have to sign a pledge? Not to go back to the line?
We raised such a fuss they finally brought cots in.
Four nights. How did you sleep?
I'm okay. But it's nice to be home.
How do you feel?
Okay. Then, tomorrow, I take the kids with me to the picket line.
I'm telling you. I don't stay home with these kids tomorrow.
I've had them since the day they were born.
You might get hurt.  Listen, if you think I'm gonna play nursemaid from now on, you're crazy ... I've had these kids all day!
I'm going back tomorrow.
I guess you got enough today to last a lifetime, huh?
Yes.
Must've been some experience for you, huh?
Sure.
You all right?
Backward.
Can be what?
Anglo husbands can also be backward.
There's Jenkins' wife. You don't see her on no picket line.
NO, she wants to be there.  And there's Mrs. Kalinsky.
She's the organizer's, wife. She's got to be there.
Yes, I do. There's Ruth Barnes.
The union don't run my house.  Those Anglo dames stirred you up to make fools of yourselves -- but you don't see any of them down there.
But the motion passed. It's ... it's not democratic of you to ...
No.
It's not fair ... I should be there with them. After all, I'm the one who got the women the vote.
Can't you see they want to start a fight so that they can lock you all up at one time?
But it's yours. I won't let them ...
I don't want your dead body. I don't want you back in jail either.
Over my dead body.
Let them take it!
Because if we lose, we lose more than a strike. We lose the union. And the men know this. And if we win, we win more than a few demands. We win...  ... something bigger. Hope. Hope for our kids. Juanito can't grow strong on milk alone.
What makes you so sure?
Not just Juanito. You'll have it good too, Esperanza. We're going to win this strike.
I'd lie on my cot in the cell and I couldn't sleep with the bugs and the stink and the heat. And I'd say to myself, think of something nice. Something beautiful. And then I'd think of you. And my heart would pound against the cot for love of you.
You are no good to me -- in jail.
They say I am no good to you.
What were they saying? About you? In there?
He'll have it good. Some day.
Drink, drink, Juanito. You'll never have it so good.
He was born fighting. And born hungry.
A fighter, huh?
Have mercy on this child ... let this child live ...
Mother of God ...have mercy ...
It's nothing. Just a little catch ...
What's the matter?
I did forget. Luís told me.
Forgive me ... for saying you never thought of me.
Antonio paid for it.
Was it expensive, the beer?
No, no ...
I'm a fool.
I did not mean to weep again. Why should I weep for joy?
Aaah, what's the use?
Never... never... never!
Stop it! The children are watching. Stop it!
If I think of myself it's because you never think of me. Never. Never. Never...
Is that all you care about? That radio? Can't you think of anything except yourself?
All right. Have your strike. I'll have my baby. But no hospital will take me, because I'll be a striker's wife. The store will cut off our credit, and the kids will go hungry. And we'll get behind on the payments again, and then they'll come and take away the radio...
Esperanza, have you forgotten what it was like before the union came?  When Estella was a baby, and we couldn't even afford a doctor when she got sick? It was for our families! We met in graveyards to build that union!
What has it got me, your union?
Now don't start talking against the union again.
I see. The men. You'll strike, maybe, for your demands -- but what the wives want, that comes later, always later.
First we got to get equality on the job. Then we'll work on these other things. Leave it to the men.
The safety of the men -- that's more important! Five accidents this week -- all because of speed-up. You're a woman, you don't know what it's like up there.
What's more important than sanitation?
We can't get everything at once. Right now we've got more important demands.
What?
We did. It got lost in the shuffle.
Do you think I like living this way? What do you want of me?!
Forget it? I chop wood for the stove five times a day. Every time I remember. I remember that across the tracks the Anglo miners have hot water in pipes. And bathrooms. Inside.
Forget it.
I'm sorry. The fire's gone out.
This water's cold again.
Got to talk to the brothers.
Where you going?
I listen to it. Every night. When you're out to the beer parlor.
But you had to have it, didn't you? It was so nice to listen
It isn't right, she says. Was it right that we bought this ... this instrument?
We're only one payment behind. I argued with her. It isn't right.
Me, I'm a camp follower -- following this organizer from one mining camp to another -- Montana, Colorado, Idaho. But did he ever think to organize the women? No. Wives don't count in the Anglo locals either.
Aw, cut it out, Ruth.
Look who's talking! The Great White Father, and World's Champion of Women's Rights.
We can't think of them just as housewives -- but as allies. And we've got to treat them as such.
Or why don't you just put a sign outside? "No dogs or women allowed!"
But honey ...
Why didn't you support her? You're the worst of the lot.
Maybe not. But there's another thing ... like when you came in tonight --  I heard you ask your wife, "Who's that? His grandfather?"
You know I don't think that.
Well, you're the organizer. You work out strike strategy -- and most of the time you're dead right. But when you figure everything the rank-and-file's to do down to the last detail, you don't give us anything to think about. You afraid we're too lazy to take initiative?
Go on. Spill it.
Yeah. Lots of provocation lately. They figure if they can lock up the leadership on some phony riot charge, maybe they can bust the strike.
Hear those deputies slugged 'Cente.
Okay, so discrimination hurts the Anglo too, but it hurts me more. And I've had enough of it!
Exactly. And equality's the one thing the bosses can't afford. The biggest club they have over the Anglo locals is, "Well -- at least you get more than the Mexicans."
Because most of us here are Mexican- Americans! Because we want equality with Anglo miners -- the same pay, the same conditions.
Then why's the company hanging tough? They've signed contracts with other locals -- why not this one?
Don't horse me. Price of zinc's never been higher. They don't want no strike -- not with their war boom on.
Are we talking to a union spokesman?
It's possible. Just negotiate.
Well, if that's possible ...
Too bad. The men've always wanted to get a look at the President.  But you've come out here to settle the strike?
No ...
New York? You're not the Company President by any chance?
No. New York.
You mean Delaware?
That's all right -- it's no secret. My name's Hartwell. I'm from the company's Eastern office.
You should have helped her without being asked.
But you've got me doing everything. Mama never used to make me dry the ...
You've got to help around the house!
But Papa -- you need all the help you can get.
Don't I have enough troubles without them shipping you off to reform school?
The Junior Shop Stewards. There's lots of ways we can help.
The what!
Papa, can't I leave now? There's a meeting of the Junior Shop Stewards ...
I don't want you hanging around there, hear?
Boy! Did you see the way Mama whopped that deputy with her shoe? Knocked the gun right out ...
She's coming. Charley Vidal gave her a lift.
Where's your mama?
Papa! We seen 'em! Two scabs! Over there!
Luís! Come down here!
It's Mama's Saint's Day.
Forgot what?
I thought maybe you forgot...
What are you doing here?  Something wrong with Mama?
You think I was going to work you over? I wouldn't dirty my hands with you ...
I know, it's wrong. Just let me go. I'll leave town ... just let me go.
You think my kids have enough to eat, you rat?
My kids don't have enough to eat!
Tú! Traidor a tu gente! Rompehuelga! Desgraciado!
Ramón -- listen my kids ...
You Judas ... blood-sucker ...
Ramón ... listen to me ... I'm in a	jam ... I had to get a job ...
You ... You ... I'd expect it of an Anglo, yes ... but you ...
Ramón ... listen for the love of God ...
Maybe. I think he's got a few things to learn about our people.
Sure. But you want the truth? You're even suspicious of him.
He's a guest in my house, isn't he?
You lump them all together -- Anglo workers and Anglo bosses.
What attitude?
And another thing. Your attitude toward Anglos. If you're gonna be a leader ...
Do the bosses wait? No sanitation. So my kids get sick. Does the company doctor wait? Twenty bucks. So we miss one payment on the radio I bought for my wife. Does the company store wait? "Pay -- or we take it away." Why they in such a hurry, the bosses' store? They're trying to scare us, that's why -- to make us afraid to move. To hang on to what we got -- and like it! Well, I don't like it I'm not scared ... and I'm fed up -- to here!
But you don't pull a strike when the bosses want it -- so they can smash your union. You wait till you're ready, so you can win.
I was talking to my wife.
No, I don't mind.  That's how come I told you about it.
You mind?
Yeah? First door on the right. It ain't that dirty.  Just kinda' filthy is all.
You got a bathroom I can use before we hit the road?
Good. I fucking hate Australians.
No.
Are you Australian?
That's it?
What you want to do is go back the way you came and make a left at the bottom. It'll take you right to the highway.
Bobby, Bobby, Bobby.  Rhymes with ... 
Fuck man. Come on, Bobby.
Come on.  Ease off the girl.
What?
Um, coupla' eight balls oughta do us.
What can I do for you?
Yeah.
Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy. Rhymes with Simmy.
The spiders.
What?
Shhh.
Bobby?
Nothing, I'm trying to remember...
What is it?
No, Why?
Did you see his hair color?
They were wearing ski masks. I told you all of this.
How about in the house?
Yeah, but he was in silhouette.

Not even a guess?
All I saw was the headlights. The high beams were on.
I'll see you tonight.
I ain't a idiot, asshole.
Just make sure you come alone. This guy won't like any surprises
Yeah.
Everything go?
Yeah.
Get used to it.  You're in a very tenuous position on the food chain, hoss.
I guess I don't have a hell of a lot of choice.
I'll have to live with that.  My money my risk, my rules.
Now that's down-right insulting.
Because I don't know him and I don't really know you, partner.
Why? The guys is ready to deal now.
I wanna do a small buy first.  Ten thousand.  We'll see how it goes.
It's downright classy is what it is.
First rate, ain't it?
Who wouldn't?
You like that?
Ride 'em cowboy)
Your daughter needs you.  Go.
I don't want to leave you.
Colette, go.
Danny, it's not what you think.
You're good, princess. I'll give you that.
Don't worry about it. Just go across the street and watch. You'll know when it's safe to go back.
Why?
Will you do that?  Then I want you to get out of the room.
I don't want to.
Never mind. Just do what I say. He holds out the baggie. Colette backs away.
What is it?
I want to do this for you.  I want to do something good for a change.
Really, I don't want to.
Nothing could be worse then this slow death I'm living now.
They would have killed you too.
No, you're wrong, I tried to tell myself the same thing but I could have gotten up. I could have done something.
I can't tell you.
No. I want to know what the hell is going on.
Look, maybe you oughta' leave.
What's wrong, Danny?
I just can't. Okay?
Why not?
I been that way ever since.
Ass first into the world.
From day one.  I was a breach birth. They tried for hours to turn my little butt around. But I wouldn't let 'em.
You always been this stubborn?
It's not that easy. I just got a raise. I need the money.
Find a new job.
He knows where I work.
You can still work.
I need my paycheck.
What about a battered woman's shelter? You can move you kid in with you.
We been through that.
Please open the door, Danny.
I'm kind of busy.
It's me.
Who is it?
No. But I'm the only one with my sad story.  And that's how it's gonna stay.
You think you're the only one down here with a sad story?
Therapy session is over.
What are you hiding, Danny?
You don't like the tune, find another station.
There you go again. You're nothing but false notes.
Who the fuck are you? Dr. Joyce Brothers?
You've got a comeback for everything, don't you, Danny? You use 'em like some sort of shield.
How much time do you have?
What is wrong with you?
How much time do you have?
Yes. Why do you find that so hard to believe?
So you're just attracted to me, is that it?
This has nothing to do with him.
Look, I can't help you with Quincey if that's what you're after.
You really need to lighten up.
It gets me through the day.
I don't want anything. Why are you so suspicious?
What do you want from me, Colette?
Nothing.
: What are you up to?
I try.
Is that how you play?
It's the only way to play.
And you admire that?
Dude played his soul right out the end of the horn. No false notes. Always honest.
Nah. I'm strictly minor league... except for the fucked-up part.
Like you?
Just a fucked-up guy who played beautiful music.
Never heard of him.
Miles Davis. "All Blues."
Trust me. We're safe.
How far out of town?
Don't worry. He's out of town.
Turns out I'm allergic to steel-toed boots. Go figure.  By the way, I'm not looking for a matching set.  Where's Quincey?
What happened to your eye?
Oh. Hi.
How?
Then make sure he gets put away for longer.
I can't. I've got a kid.  She lives with my parents.  Quincey knows where they live.
That's long enough to get out of town.
Why? They don't hold him for more than a day or two.
Why don't you call the cops?
Because he'll kill me.
Then why don't you leave?  Just give me one good reason.
Fuck you.
You get off on abuse or something?
I can't leave.
There's nothing to understand. The guy is a pig.
You don't understand.
Why not?
I can't.
Then leave.
Who the fuck are you, Dr. Joyce Brothers?  I hate the son-of-a-bitch.
Don't tell me, down deep he's really not a bad person and you don't want to see him get hurt.
It's not that easy.
Look, it's really none of my business but why don't you just dump this guy?
Go ahead.
Nothing.
What?
Colette ...
Oh, he's a keeper all right.
This man sounds like a real catch.
Don't worry, he's probably passed out with his head in the toilet by now.
Ouch.
Could be worse.  Oh sorry, forgot who I was talking to.
That bad, huh?
Leave me out of this.
What about the guy on the very bottom?
I don't know .... you could be staking your financial future on stealing Bob Hope's stool specimen.
How?
Come on, cheer up. It could be worse.
Oh God.
I was thinking Alice Cooper.
Jesus, I look like a raccoon.
I understand. Thanks anyway.
Look...I'd like to help you out ... but I really don't want to get involved.
Can you do me a favor? This girl I know, her boyfriend's a real piece of shit-dude's really jamming her up. I promised her I'd try to help.
What?
Oh shit
Hey, you did the right thing. You wouldn't have stood a chance against these boys by yourself. They have eaten your ass alive.
I'm fine. Little nervous...little disappointed that I didn't finish this myself.
How you holding up?
These guys are smart. I knew they wouldn't hit a deal unless they knew all the players. I needed a big buyer.
That's when he called me. He told me his story and he pitched me a plan.
I knew that if these were the guys I was looking for, I'd have to set up a deal so sweet, they wouldn't be able to walk away from it.
How?
It's not too late to show her you're sorry.
I don't buy that. There's a place for hatred.  Did you know that Liz and I got into an argument the night she was killed? I acted like an ass and I never had a chance to apologize to her.  Do you know what that feels like?
Your hatred makes them stronger and you weaker.
I'm genuinely happy that you found some peace, Nancy. But you can't forgive for Liz.  No one can.  And you can't forgive for me.
I know it's not my place to pass judgement on you but ...
Maybe I am dealing with it.
You've got to deal with this sooner or later, Tom. You can't keep hiding.
Is that what you want me to do?  Put it all on Jesus?  Let him sort it out in the afterlife?
I found forgiveness in my heart for the people who killed my daughter. I gave my grief to Jesus Christ.
Closure? How do you find closure when her killers are still running around out there?
Billy Sutcliffe said he saw you at a bar down in Gardena a few weeks ago. Said you looked so bad, he barely recognized you.
All right, Nancy, how'd you track me down?
It's Tom.
Who is it?
You're a good man. Jimmy the Finn.
Wouldn't be a favor if you were paying me. I'll just take my five when the deal is done.
Good for you Jimmy.
Nah... I want to keep it.  Maybe I can use it for like, inspiration ...you know...like when I detox?
I'm sorry. I couldn't.
I don't know... a little. I wish you would have let me in on it from the beginning.
Because I don't want to see you end up like Kujo and those other losers.  I thought that maybe if you knew that I didn't use, you might see it in yourself to go clear.
Wait  If you don't trust me, why did you tell me that stuff about not using drugs?
And you want me to do you some big favor?
I don't trust anybody.
You don't trust me?
I can't tell you.
But... why? Why would you pretend?
Are you kidding me? A bunch of amped -out tweakers? It was easy.
No one ever noticed?
You ever notice how I always showed up, in the middle of a binge? Left before it was over? How I sneak away for cap-naps? How when the crank came around to me, I always said I'd just done one?
This isn't like that Queen Elizabeth question, is it?
When? When did you ever see me use?
But...I've seen you.
I'm not a tweaker.  I don't use drugs. I never had.
What?
It's you! I didn't have a picture or nothin' so I had to describe you to the guy. Not bad though, huh?
What the hell is that?
Hey, check it out...
Jimmy, look, there's something I have to tell you.
You're my best friend, man. I'd do anything for you.
Why?
It don't matter. I'll do it. And you sure as hell don't have to pay me.
Wait till I tell you what it is.
Okay
You aren't coming with me.
But why? You only owe me five. And that's not till after we close the deal tonight.
Tem thousand dollars. Everything I could spare.  It's for you.
What's this?
Thanks for not laughing at me.
Yes, Jimmy.
Danny?
Yes, Jimmy
Was he the president?
John Fitzgerald Kennedy.
What does J.F.K. stand for?
Sure, Jimmy.
Can I ask you something?
No. I'm good.
You want a hit?
No  You think she's a tweaker?
You ever see Queen Elizabeth sleep?
You're going to have to give me a little more than that, Jimmy.
He doesn't have one.
You're going to have to explain that one.
I think on account of his nose.
Why do they call him Pooh-Bear?
Palmdale
Yeah, that's what I mean.  Where the hell does this guy live anyway?
You mean, like to throw 'em off?
You know, Jimmy, you might as well put a sign on the back of this thing asking the cops to pull you over.
Personal protection. It's a dangerous world we live in, Jimmy, a very dangerous world.
Hey, why do you need a gun and a vest anyway?
Not tonight.
You wanna score some go-fast?
The Del Ammo Mall mostly.
Jimmy, where do you find these people?
10%.  That's ...
I'm getting a 10% finder's fee from my man if I can get the right price.
Sure.
Can you set that up?
I think so.  I mean, we'd have to talk to him.
Can your man handle that?
Fuuuuuck
A quarter of a million, Jimmy.
A quarter?  Danny that ain't even worth ...
I know a buyer.  Guy's looking for a quarter's worth.
Yeah, Pooh-Bear.  Dude is a big-time cook. I'm talking dire.
You remember that guy you told me about ... said he could handle a big hook-up?
I find myself in dire need of some cash.
Don't get carried away.
You. You're smooth. You use words like dire and shit.  You got language skills, man.
What?
See that?  That's just what I'm talking about.
Business.  I need to leave town and I find myself in dire need of some cash.
So, why'd you want to see me?
I guess there's just no substitute for good genes.
I'm serious, dude.  You always seem to be on top of things, even when you're tweakin'.
That's a good one.
You're brain is in reverse mode ... cutting off your supply of dopamine. Here.  Have a beer.
Why does it have to feel so bad?
Sorry.
Was.  I'm on the fucking ghost train right now, man.  You got anything for me?
You on a roll?
I'm hurting.
Oh ... that.  Ah, he was just juiced. He wouldn't have did nothin'
Nice dealer you got there, Jimmy.
Well, Jimmy the Finn, let's go score some gack.
Finland is a country.
You don't say.
My features. They're Finnish.
Why's that?
Jimmy.  Everyone calls me Jimmy the Finn.
I hadn't noticed.  I've seen you around.  What's your name?
Nice day
Lead the way.
I know a guy.
Where to?
Midnight?
Twelve
What time is it?
Guess it's our turn.
How the hell did we get this detail?
Understand what?
You don't understand.
You might as well be spitting on her grave every time you put drugs up your nose.  Or did you just conveniently forget that it was drug dealers who killed my daughter?
What does that mean?
By not disgracing her memory!
You never did like me much, did you Verne?  And you can't stand it that I walked out of there alive and Liz didn't. You think I'm a coward, don't you?
That was my idea.
Then why don't I see any pictures Of me up there?
Yeah, dickhead.
Cool it. We got business.
What the fuck are you gonna do about it, dickhead?
This is bullshit.  You didn't say anything about anybody else being here.
Just some buddies.
What the hell is this?
I'll keep that in mind.
Did it ever occur to you that someone might cop to something they didn't do rather than have their balls chewed off by a rabid weasel?
No one. It was just a test. I need to be sure of who I'm dealing with from time-to-time.
What the hell was that? Who told you I was five-0?
Don't do that. Please.  Or I'll kill you.  Please, Danny.
I ought to just call this whole thing off right now.
Yeah.
CAN I PULL MY FUCKING DICK OUT?!
I didn't fucking do anything! I swear to God!
Now get talkin'
Okay! Okay!
Shoot him.
Uh-uh-uh ...
Please .. I don't know what you're ...
Don't address me.  I didn't make the accusation.
What?!
Captain Steubing thinks you might work for the police.
Big Bill
Pooh-Bear. come on, man.  What is this?  It's me, Danny. I thought we had a deal.
Big Bill.
Come on, guys ...
Pull your motherfucking pants down.
I'm sorry?
Pull your pants down.
You want to do this some other time?
Hey, I don't play that.
I want to tell you about the last guy who tried to jam me up on a deal.
Hey, I was just trying to ...
I welcome you here with open arms and you got the nerve to low-ball me like some slick used car salesman.
Why do you say that?
Maybe you're the one who isn't taking me seriously.
Pooh-Bear, I don't mean to be rude, but I get the feeling you aren't taking me seriously.
If you say so.
So that's 40 lbs. at 6 a pound then?
But you're a friend of Jimmy's. I think of you as a brother already.
But I just met you.
Anything for a dear friend.
You're serious?
Hey, okay.
Okay ... How about um .. 6,000 a ounce.
I deal in U.S. pounds, friend. None of that faggot metric crap for me.
I don't know, 14,000 a kilo?
Make me an offer.
Can we talk price?
Secret recipe.
Not bad.
I insist. It's delicious. Just a taste.
No, I'm good.
I'm sorry.  Would you like a taste?
The good stuff.  Can you handle that?
Crank or glass?
Yeah, I uh, have a buyer who's looking for about a quarter's worth.
No shit?  Fuck it.  I'll send it to Oliver Stone then. He'll get them to reopen the bastard.
Um, I think the Warren Commission has been closed for a while.
I'm gonna get this developed and send it to the Warren Commission.
Answer the fucking question!
Please ... don't do this ...
Yeah. Okay. Listen carefully ...  You're in the bathroom.  You've been shot in the shoulder ...
Whatever you say, man.  Look ... can we talk about this?
My name is Tom.
Danny?
Yeah.
I thought you'd be happy.
Jesus.
Took a pig-slicker to the heart.
Pumped fifty-seven bullets into a police informant.
Murder.  Beautiful.
We got the 411 on your good old boy.
That's real sweet, Garcetti.  Thanks.
Who is it?
I'm afraid so, Danny.
What? Is it bad?
That's probably what he would have done if we hadn't found out about your get-rich-quick scheme.
What's to stop him from just ripping me off then?
Guy scores dope and dollar from ripping off other drug dealers.  As least that's what the word is.
Whata you mean?  He told me -
That's because he doesn't have one.
You think you're so god damned smart, don't you?
News-flash, Tanner. I'm a fucking rat.
Bullshit. He's a liar.
No. You just handed us a new one.  We can go Federal on your ass right now: ongoing criminal conspiracy. Intent to buy and distribute $250,000 worth of crank.  What's the mandatory on that, Al?
For that old possession charge? Gimme a break.
Well, if you'd rather do a stretch in la casa grande ...
Whata you mean I've got no choice?
You've got no choice.
Look man, I just wanted to make some dough and disappear.  I didn't want to wait around for Domingo to figure out who doubled back on him.
Did you really think you were slick enough to pull this off?
Standard vig.  Minus five for a certain blabber-mouth moron by the name of Jimmy the Finn, who's living proof that natural selection is a flawed theory.
What're your taking down?
After that ass-whipping you gave me?
You better not be blowing smoke up My ass, Flynne.
Bubba.
This chink have a name?
I met the guy at a party.  He said he wanted to do a biggie. He's new in town so I offered my services.
I can't help it, Tanner, you hit like a fucking girl.
You think this is funny motherfucker?
Okay, asshole, you wanna play, we'll play.
Someone want to tell me what the hell is going on here?
Cut the shit, Flynne.
I was trying to score some dope.
Question is, what are you doing here?
What the hell are you doing here?
Soon. I promise.  We'll get the charges dropped and you can disappear.  In the mean time, trust me, he has no idea that you ratted him out.
When?
Look, we'll talk to the A.D.A.
Danny, he isn't gonna find out it's you.  Domingo was a slinger, he must have sold to hundreds of different people.
If he finds out it's me, I'm a dead man.
Tell me what?
I was getting to it.
Bobby laid his own tracks.  He could have gone quietly but he played the hard-ass con till the end. And as far as I'm concerned, he wife and kid are a hell of a lot better off without him.  Now take the money.
Tell that to Bobby ... and his wife and kid.
Just the way the world works.  Look, as far as tweakers go, you aren't a bad guy.  You never hurt anyone but yourself as far as I know.
You don't find that repugnant?
The money? The drugs? Keeping yourself out of jail? I know the drill.
Don't you wonder why I do it?
It's not my place.
Thanks for not judging me.
Garcetti thinks everything is shit. He doesn't even like dolphins.
Garcetti thinks I'm a pile of shit.
Hard to compare the people you're taking down with the Lord.
You think I'm a Judas?
Don't be. I'm worried about the kid.
Danny, I'm touched.
Somebody has to help you lazy bastards.
God damn, Flynne, you are one observant tweaker.
Yeah. Pretty sure.  Oh yeah ... he had a spear gun, too.
It was all pretty informal.  Didn't have a lot of time to exchange pleasantries.
No last name?
Never mind.  Dude had a backfull of jailhouse tatts.
What?
Bobby, rhymes with hobby.
You got a name?
Well, you know what they say, just because you're paranoid, doesn't mean everyone's not out to slice your balls off and shove 'em down your throat.
Feeling the paranoia tonight, are we?
If it's all the same to you, I'd rather not dish right here in the middle of Crankville.
You go, boy.
I've got a hot one.
With you clowns watching my back? What do you think?
Nervous?
Didn't you hear?  Domingo's dead.
You know, I'm starting to think I'd rather take my chances with Domingo than go through any more of this shit.
I'm making the small buy tonight ... if I don't get beaten to death with a wheelchair or something.  If everyone is happy, we'll do the big deal later in the week.
When is the deal going down?
Worse. Much worse.  A teacher.
Come on! Who is it?  Domingo's boys?
You mean the menacing red car?
Speaking of which ... you run that license plate for me?
What if he caps me before you can make a move?
We're coordinating with Palmdale P.D.. We'll have your sorry ass covered.
Funny, I don't feel lucky.
You're lucky, Flynne.
They have. But they never found a lab.
Why doesn't Palmdale P.D. just raid the guy?
Several possession charges, but nothing major.
Excuse me?
No.  You've got me all wrong.  I mean, in you own pussified way, you actually got some nuts in your little sack.
Lay off, Garcetti.  I'm not in the mood.
Who'd have thought it?  Danny "Chickenshit" Flynne trying to go large right under our noses.
Hell, yes!  What the hell do you expect zapping Mr. Johnson with that crackler?
What'd you do, piss your pants?
That would be me.
What's that smell?
Oh they're all that and the proverbial bag of chips.
Sounds like you hooked up with some fine citizens, Flynne.
Now that I can help you with. Nasty boy ... goes by the name of Pooh-Bear. He's a chef. Check with Palmdale P.D. I'm sure they're keeping box scores on the guy.
What's on the other end of this thing?
And he probably only told two people and they probably only told four people and on and one. You know better than to tell a secret to a tweaker, Flynne.  Might just as well broadcast it on the evening news.
He's the only one I told.
Who the hell is Jimmy?
Jimmy?
I still don't know what you're talking about.
We know what's going on.
Anyone ever ask you to be such a disrespectful smart-ass all the time?
Fuck you, Garcetti. I been at this for almost a year. I've done everything you guys have asked of me.
And he's making a lot of noise about having his homies hang a Colombian necktie on whoever it was.
What?!
He knows somebody ratted him.
And what does this have to do with me?
The Mexicali Boys
To who?
Turns out he's connected.
Yeah.  What about him?
Danny, it's really pains me to have to tell you this, but do you remember DOMINGO, that wetback you helped us put away for trafficking a few months back?
Garcetti, you're teeth, they're fucking perfect.
I'll tell you why you didn't help - because you're a chickenshit tweaking snitch.  You're a bottom feader, Flynne.
Hey, you want me to do all your work for you, numbnuts?
Then why didn't you help the kid when you were there?
What's he holding?
Dude is bugging.  Transparent spiders, plastic men - the whole nine yards.
Cut to the fucking chase, Flynne.
That's him.  He's a lot prettier in person though.
It speaks!
This the guy?
Why are you doing this?
My sentiments exactly.
That is so unfair.
But that's okay, Liz, you're the one with the steady job, you pay all the bills. I'm just an unemployed musician.  You have every right.
Here it comes, poor Tom.
No. You know what gets old? Being reminded what a loser you are every time you screw up.
Quit feeling sorry for yourself, Tom. It gets old.
We all know how much you like hearing that. Okay, Liz, I was wrong. There.  You happy?
Just admit you're wrong.
Just no pleasing you, is there?
I wanted you to ask back there.  You know, before you got us lost.
First you want me to ask for directions, then you don't.  Which is it?
Look at that place. It's creepy.
What do you mean?
You think that's a good idea?
Okay, okay.  There's a house up there. I'll go ask for directions.
Tom, quit fucking around.
Hey, do you think you could eat me if you had to?  And if so, which part do you think you would find the most delicious?
You mean like the Donner Party?
Come on, where's your pioneer spirit?
Why didn't you just ask for directions back there?
No.  Right here on the beach.  Come on. Let's do it.
There's no motels around here.
Tom, let's spend the night here.
It's that disgusting hot dog you had for lunch.
Really?
And you've got wiener breath.
You, madam, are a heartless wench.
I was talking about Miles.
Again, I thank you.
And he has a really hot ass with hardly any hair on it.
Thank you.  Thank you very much.
A virtuoso rendition.  TOM VAN ALLEN is nothing short of dazzling in his interpretation of Miles Davis' haunting, moody piece.
Maybe he isn't showing.
Where's Bubba?
Yeah, I'd hate to shoot you by accident.
Just make sure you hit the floor when we come in. It could get ugly in there.
Good work, Flynne.  You're a first-rate rat.
We're in business.
Now that's scary!
She's 57 and she's been teaching third grade for the last 33 years.
Don't we always take good care of you?
Golly, I hadn't thought of that.
That's not good in prison. It's just not good.
And believe me, word will get out that you're a pro rat.
Yeah.  This could be the one we're looking for.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
I thought you were done.
Jesus Jimmy, you at the alpha team.
No, you can't taste it.  It's the fucking lab! Now shut up.
I just want to be straight on the details.  Can I taste it?
Don't worry about it.
What is that? Rum and coke?
Better than drugs.
What is it, drugs?
Danny, listen up.  Here's the deal ... my wife's pimp knows a guy who works at Cedars Sinai medical lab.  They're getting a very special delivery a week from this Friday.
Thank you, sir.
Good luck, John.
The numbers don't make sense, sir. His brothers are dead, that's too bad, but they're out of the equation. Sending men up there is bleeding heart crapola from three thousand miles away.  One private is simply not worth a squad.  Colonel anderson This one is.  He's worth a lot more than that.  Which is why I'm sending you, you're the best field officer there is.
Alright, I'll give you that. Continue.
Respectfully, sir, sending men all the way up to Ramelle to save one private doesn't make a fucking, goddamned bit of sense.  Sir.
Spit it out, Captain.
But, sir...I...I...
He's the last of four brothers, the other three were killed in action. This is straight from the Chief of Staff.
A private, sir?
There's a Private James Ryan who parachuted in with the Hundred-and- First near Ramelle.  I want you to take a squad up there.  If he's alive, bring him back to the beach for debarkation.  Take whoever you need, you've got your pick of the company.
Sir?
I'm sending Simpson to take over for you, the division is going to Caen, you're not coming with us, I have something else for you.
Pinned down, a mile east of here, waiting for some help from the navy guns.
Where are your men now?
Yes, sir.
It was a hard assignment, that's why you got it.
They didn't want to give up those one-fifty-fives, sir.
Fourty-four, twenty one dead.
Casualties?
A company, Wehrmacht, no artillery, we took twenty-three prisoners, turned them over to intelligence.
Resistance?
Sector four is secured, we put out the last three German one-fifty-fives, found them about two miles in from Ponte du Hoc.
Report.
...alright, let me know when.
Find a chaplain.
Shit, that was no big deal.
Did you see what he did, back there? He stepped right into the open, so I could get across.
You take account of the wind?
Forty-two-hundred, I figure.
That must be four thousand yards.
Not where I come from.
You must be a hell a shot.
Yep.
The Army gave you that?
Thirty-ought-six, Norton long-barrel with dual-groove, parallel rifling, elevated three-glass scope and a single-throw hammer.
What about the Captain?  Where's he from?
We got us a tent, forty-two feet across, eighteen feet at center, hundred-and-ten foldin' chairs. Circuit's eleven towns, covers all 'a Hasset County and most 'a Weller County.  I expect that upon completion of my military service I will be joinin' said ministry.
