So they travel around from place to place and preach?
I don't make jokes about things of, or related to, the preaching of the Holy Gospel, including the ministerial calling of my family.
No kidding.
In the back of a nineteen and thirty- one stretch Hudson with a big ole' trailer.
In West Fork?
I'm Jackson.  I'm from West Fork, Tennessee.  My pappy's a preacher. Him and his two brothers got a ministry, The Blessed Church of the Wandering Gospel.
Figured.
As a matter of fact, I am.
You writin' a book or somethin'?
So, where are you from?
I am, but I like imported whiskey. So there I am and I hear the biggest ole' coon you ever did hear, 'a rustlin' right there in front of me. That ole' boy comes right out of the brush, I got a clear shot and he knows he's 'bout to meet his maker. I aim, I got my finger tight on the trigger and then I just smile and say to that ole' coon, go on, now, you get out 'a here.  Then I sit down on a hollow log and take me a right long pull a' that mash whiskey.
Jackson, how many times I got to tell you, you're from Tennessee.
Me?  I'm walking with my hound, Lucy, it's about an hour 'fore sunrise and we're out huntin' coon.  I got me a flask of pure Kentucky mash whiskey...
What deal?
No kiddin'?
Like hell, you did.
Well, I'll be goddamned, I knew it.
Nope, he ain't Wade.
He ain't Wade.
I guess.
He ain't half-bad, I guess.
I mean, Ryan, what do you think of him?
I think I'm we got that eighty-eight.
What do you think?
Hell, no!
Reiben, are you makin' fun 'a the way I talk?
Y'all come back.
Of course, sir.
Yes, sir.
Cap'n...?
He's right, we can't shoot him...well, we could but we'd get in an enormous amount of trouble.  And he's right about the bridge, it's a hell of a lot more important than he is.
Looks like a flaming asshole to me.
So, that's Ryan.
Yep, you step on a rusty nail, get lockjaw, never say another word as long as you live.
You know what the best possible thing that could happen is?
The hell he didn't.
Just shut up, Ryan didn't kill Wade.
You shut up, this is the most fucked up mission I ever heard of.  Goddamned Ryan, fuck the little bastard.
Shut up, will you?
Fuck Private James Ryan, fuck him, just fuck the goddamned son-of-a- bitch.
Wade, Sarge, Corporal Insect, all of us, hell, I'll bet even the Captain has a mother.
Last I knew.
They got squirrels there, too, right?
Reiben, how many time I got to tell you, I'm from Tennessee.
You know what a B.A.R. weighs? Nineteen and a half pounds, not counting ammo.  And you think these things are comfortable?  They may look good but they weigh twelve pounds each, that's thirty-six pounds, right there.
Army life is too dang easy, my feet have gone soft.  Back home, we go out squirrel huntin', I walk forever and a day and then some, don't even raise a blister.
If we find Ryan and he's still alive, that son-of-a-bitch is gonna carry this goddamned B.A.R. back to the beach for me.
Hell, no.  I think he's the best officer in the whole goddamned army, bar none.
You got somethin' against the Cap'n?
No one's gonna win the money for the simple reason that the Captain never was a civilian.  They assembled him at O.C.S. out of spare body parts from dead G.I.'s.  I know this for a fact.
Hell, no, last time I shot a corporal, Cap'n Miller near bit my head off.
Jackson?
To each, his own.
It's worth it.
Don't that get kind of expensive, Cap'n?
You see, I've got the best house in all of Addley.  It's not the biggest house, but it's got the best location, right next to the junior high baseball field.  The garage windows face left field.  The guy who owned the house before me had these heavy screen S put over them.  The first thing I did when I bought the place was take off those screens.  Two-hundred-twenty- two yards from home plate to my garage windows.  It takes a hell of a junior high kid to hit a ball that far.  I look at my garage windows as a Motivator and a way to scout the kids coming up, the ones who are going to give us a shot at the state championship.  I lay there in my hammock and every time I hear the sound of breaking glass, I know we're one step closer to winning it all.
Say what, Cap'n?
I'm in my backyard, lying in my hammock, with my arm around my wife, listening for the sound of breaking glass.
Keep trying.
Not yet.
Good, now get your goddamned gear.
Sir, I understand.  I don't like it, but I understand.
You'll grieve the way I tell you to goddamned grieve.  There is no Wade, there was one, but he died a long time ago, he's been dead for so long you can hardly remember his name, you understand?
Sir, I understand what you're doin', but I respectfully request permission to grieve in my own manner.
Who's Wade?
Sir, I ain't feeling so chipper on account of Wade.
What the hell's the matter with you, Jackson?
Gives Wade the second shot.
Watching.
They don't send planes to put out machine guns.  Two flank runners with surpressing fire.  I'm going right, whoever goes left has to be fast.
We left them eighty-eights.
My guess, too.
In the shadow by those two trees.
Where?
Wade?
Yes, sir.  It seems to me, sir, that the entire resources of the United States Army oughta be dedicated to one thing and one thing only, and that is to put me and this here weapon on a rooftop, smack-dab in the middle of Berlin, Germany.  Now I ain't one to question decisions made up on high, sir, but it seems to me that saving one private, no matter how grievous the losses of his family, is a waste of my God-given talent.
Reiben, I want you to listen closely to Jackson.  This is the way to gripe. Jackson, continue.
Seems to me, Cap'n, this mission is a serious misallocation of valuable military resources.  Miller Go on.
I'd love to hear it.
Sir, I have an opinion on this matter.
I most likely would have, sir, had I been given the opportunity.
You didn't volunteer, Jackson.
Captain, my feet are most uncomfortable.  If I'd 'a known we was gonna have to walk all the way to Ramelle, I never would 'a volunteered for this here mission.
No, three brothers of his were killed in action.  Command wants him out of there.
Senator's son?
A paratrooper named Ryan.  He's going home, if he's alive.
That's General Gavin's.  His lap dog told me if anyone breathes on it, I'll get busted and if anyone so much as touches it with their little finger, I'll get court marshaled. If you were to take it, they'd shoot me.
How about that jeep?
Sorry, sir.  Division is using everything on wheels to get up to Caen.  How come you guys aren't going?
A half-track, anything.
No white-walls, sir, there's a war on.  NOT THERE, YOU GODDAMNED IDIOT, OVER THERE!  I can't help you, sir.
White-walls?
Sorry, sir, fresh out of trucks, how 'bout a '38 Ford Roadster, hard-top, red with black interior.
I changed my mind.
Captain, what about our deal?
I teach English at Addley High School in Addley, Pennsylvania.
What'd you say, Captain?
That's better, but you've still got a long way to go.  Talk to Reiben, he's a natural and works at it, he'll give you some pointers.
Goddamn it, sir...
There you go again, that's whining, that's not okay.
But, sir...
Upham, you've got to learn the difference between whining and griping.  You can't just rely on natural ability, you've got to study and practice.
The Germans do.
Sure, you got one?
Would they notice and eighty-eight?
Those are Tigers, they have six-inch armor, they don't even notice grenades.
What about our grenades?
Those guns are close.
I can tell what the gunners had for dinner.
You don't count.
I'd like to stay, too, Captain.
Same place we are.
I wonder where they're going.
Plenty.
That only leaves three.
What do they know?  I had nine, but I feel through the ice when I was seven, my brother pulled me out.  Then I used one when a grenade landed in my foxhole in Sicily, it was a dud.  I figure one on the beaches, one on the cliffs and two getting here.
The men said, nine.
Don't need it, I'm a cat, I've got five lives.
Good luck, Captain.
A machine gun.
What is it?
Thank him and tell him we're sorry about his loss.
No, but he heard firing, just east, less that a kilometer.
Did he see any sign of them?
Five nights ago, he found this paratrooper caught in a tree with a broken leg.  The leg got infected. Last night he went to Ville Cholet to get a doctor.  The doctor refused to come and when he got back, this is what he found.  The Krauts must have shown up while he was gone.
I don't expect to live that long.
If that's the way you feel, why don't we wait until it's up to a thousand.
I'll tell you what, if I'm still alive when it hits five-hundred, I'll let you know and we'll split the money.
Over three-hundred.
Where are you from, Captain?
Some.
You know classical music?
It seemed appropriate.
I heard.
I've been humming it.
Yes.  Do you know Sibelius' Fourth Symphony, The Normandy?
It looks like a Renoir.
You think the rest of us were?
I wasn't made for this.
Sarge?
Pass.
Upham?
Like I said, it was nothing.  Don't bunch up.
But you could have gotten killed and I...
It was nothing.
Sir, I'm sorry about what happened, I...
DASHES across the street.
On the other side of the street, crouches in a doorway with Jackson. Upham is a bit in shock, less from the nearness of the bullets than from what Miller just did for him.
Glad of it.
That's not all.  There were nine gunners on the eighty-eights, one had a broken heel on his boot, two had bratwurst for supper last night, one of them is named Fritz, the other, Hans, maybe, I don't know, it's hard to tell.
You can tell all that, just by the sound, sire?
FORWARD!  FORWARD!  NOW REVERSE!
I know about bracketing.  I read about it.  The next one is going to land right on us.
Yes, sir.
Reiben, I don't know what I'd do without you.  Sarge, keep Ryan close to you and alive.
Out of the mouth of babes.
Uh, oh.
We're going to hope like hell the tanks were on their way somewhere else.
What are we going to do?
Well, if we had ten times the men and a lot more ammo, we might stand a chance, but not against those tanks.
What do you think?
Yes, sir.
Sarge, see what you can do to make those buildings inhospitable.
But, that's my personal brand of stupidity, I feel kind of proprietary about it, if you do it again, you're busted.
You're welcome, John.
Thanks for drawing that machine gun off me.
I'll do my best.
Don't let yourself get killed, if you do, they might make me give back the medal and then I won't be able to lip off to colonels anymore.
I know.
You know Wade was the eleventh of the twelve, you're the last one still alive.
Just what I want to do.
No, but if I get any worse, you'll have to relieve me.
You want me to take over?
I think you're right, Keith.
John, I've got to tell you, I think you're about used up.
That's the rub.  I liked Wade.  Who's Ryan?  If they're both standing in front of me and I have to shoot one or the other, how do I choose?  Look at my hand, there it goes again.
Except this time, the mission IS a man.
Simple, numbers.  Every time you kill one of your men, you tell yourself you just saved the lives of two, three, ten, a hundred others. We lost, what, thirty-one on the cliffs?  I'll bet we saved ten times that number by putting out those guns.  That's over three hundred men.  Maybe five hundred.  A thousand. Then thousand.  Any number you want. See?  It's simple.  It lets you always choose mission over men.
And how do you bluff yourself?
Not in so many words, but they tell you you can have all the firepower in the world and if your men don't have good morale, it's not worth a damn.  So if you're scared or empty or half-a-step from a Section Eight, do you tell your men?  Of course not.  You bluff, you lie.
Oh, yeah?
It could be worse.  You know the first thing they teach you at O.C.S.? Lie to your men.
No problem.  A pair of deuces?  Less? So what?  I bluff.  It used to tear me apart when I'd get one of my men killed, but what was I supposed to do?  Break down in front of the ones who were standing there waiting for me to tell them what to do?  Of course not, so I bluffed, and after a while, I started to fall for my own bluff. It was great, it made everything so much easier.  Sarge Is that why your hand's been shaking?
And what about your own hand?
She's the best poker player you ever saw.  My father used to go to these Saturday night games and lose his shirt.  Finally, my mother gave him an ultimatum, either she gets a regular seat at the table or she locks him in every Saturday night. He squawked and so did his buddies but after a while they gave in and from the first night she sat down, she never lost.  She could read those cocky bastards like they were playing open hands.  And he bluffs?  He had sixteen levels of bullshit.  Her eyes, the tone of her voice, her bets, her jokes, the way she sipped her coffee, she was a master.  She won more money on shit hands than anyone in the history of the game. Every Saturday night, my father would lose two, three hundred bucks and she'd win it all back and then some. And I'd stand there, glued to her shoulder, from the time I was five years old, watching every hand, every move, studying how she did it.  That's why I'm such a good officer, I can look at a man's face and tell you exactly what he's holding, and if it's a shit hand, I know just what cards to deal him.
Bits and pieces.
You know why I'm such a good officer? Because of my mother.  Have I ever told you about her?
Yeah.
Yeah, Vecchio, I couldn't remember his name, he was a good kid, remember how he used to walk on his hands and sing that song about the man on flying trapeze?
Vecchio.
What was the name of that kid at Anzio, the one who got his face burned off?
Let's just find someplace.
You alright?
Snatches the morphine from Sarge. Quickly and efficiently prepares a second shot.  He's done this before.
Hesitates.  Then drops his sulfa. Fumbles in his pack.  Finds the morphine.
More morphine, hurry up, come on, come on...
SHOVES THE NEEDLE into Wade's neck. Thick vein.  Pumps the morphine straight to Wade's brain.  Motions impatiently to Sarge.
About to pour his sulfa.  Sees the wound.  Stops.  Knows it's fatal.
Pulls Wade's hands from the wound. Pours sulfa powder.
Rolls to his feet.  FIRE another BURST.  KILLS the last of the German riflemen.  Doesn't pause.  RUNS onto the field.
HOLD YOUR FIRE!
How about you shut up and take your position?
How about...?
How about you take your position?
How about I go right, sir?
Yeah?  What rule of thumb is that?
I'll be alright.
You may have to find yourself a new line of work, this one doesn't seem to agree with you anymore.
No.  It comes and goes.  It stops when I look at it.
Is it getting worse?
A couple of weeks.  It started in Portsmouth when they brought us down for loading.
It doesn't take this.
Makes you feel small, doesn't it?
Yup, hell of a mission.
Now you're the one kidding yourself.  Hell of  a mission.
I hope this boy Ryan is worth it.
You never know.
You're kidding yourself.
If we stayed, we could make a difference.
Three for three.
Command isn't going to let them withdraw and the Germans sure as hell aren't going to let them surrender.
Nope.
They guys here aren't going to be able to hold out until battalion shows up.
And what about you?
They're fine.  As long as they can gripe, they'll be alright.
You think they'll be alright?
Good news?
Nope.
You got me.  Afraid of bad news?
Since when have things been normal?
It's not normal, not reading letters from home.
Maybe.
You ever going to open those letters? Miller keeps his eyes on the maps.
Tell that to Private James Ryan. We've got our orders.  Let's go.
He's right, Captain, it might be kind of dangerous for those flyboys.
That's not what we're here for.
Got it, sir.  We gonna go take care of those eighty-eights?
Uh, Captain...
PUSH!
Uh, Captain...
Yep, hell of a mission.
Hell of a mission.
A fucking mess, two maybe three Kraut divisions, no fronts, no lines, the drops were completely fouled up, we've got little pockets of paratroopers all over the place, trying to hang on.  Command says we hold St. Mere, but north of that, it's all Krauts.  Even if Ryan's where he's supposed to be, he's more than likely dead.
Somebody put the wrong crystals in every one of the Hundred-and-First's radios the night before the drop, not one of them works.  We're going in blind.
We in radio contact with anybody up there?
Now we've got a straight shot, due north, to Ramelle, twenty-six miles, two villages between here and there, St. Mere, then Bernay.  We'll take the jeep as far as we can, then go on on foot.
I've got a line on one.
You get a translator, Captain?
Twenty minutes ago.  Miller Damn, I'll go see if I can find another one.  You get Reiben, Jackson and Wade, meet me at transport.
What about Talbot?
Fresh out.
Okay, Wade.  Translators?
Beasley's dead.
I want Reiben on B.A.R; Jackson with his sniper rifle; Beasley, demolition.
Simpson?  Jesus Christ on a fucking pogo stick!
Simpson.
What about the company?
Some private up there lost three brothers, got a ticket home.
You?  Leading a squad?
I wish.  You and I are taking a squad up to Ramelle on a public relations mission.
Caen?
Don't need to, the Krauts go that covered.
You tryin' to get yourself killed?
Worked, didn't it?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY MOTHER.
CAPTAIN, IF YOUR MOTHER SAW YOU DO THAT, SHE'D BE VERY UPSET!
Rolls his eyes, takes a breath. Scrambles into the gap.  The other five right behind.
GO!
More tanks...  Ryan Lot's of them The fear on their faces turns to resignation.  They know that they are dead men.  They settle into their positions, and prepare to fire and die.
Goddamn it!
Knows what that means.  He hears the RUMBLE OF THE TANKS.
Continues FIRING.  CUTTING DOWN the advancing Germans.
FIRES a burst.  More Germans drop.
FIRES a burst.  Germans drops.
Here they come.
Hears the FAINT DISTANT RUMBLE OF THE TANK.  Barely has time to react. Sees:
That's not where I am.  Miller No? Where are you?
I wonder if his cabin is still available?
I coach the baseball team, too.
What deal?
Get back to your positions!
Goddamn it...Goddamn it...Goddamn it...
OPENS UP with the MACHINE GUN.
HERE THEY COME!
Cocks his Thompson.  Settles down behind some sandbags.
See to it.
Leave him to me, Captain, I'll have him pissing and moaning with the best of us.
Let's hope, because we're sure as hell not going to do any damage to them with what we have here.
Maybe Caen.
You're goddamned right, I give the order.  Vote!  Jesus Christ!  Listen to me, you little pissant pieces of shit, I am the ranking officer here and what I say goes, is that clear?
Yes, sir, of course, sir, I was merely speaking hypothetically.  IF this was a voting situation, then the vote would have been unanimous.  But of course, it's not a voting situation, you're the captain, and you give the orders, sir.
Have it your way, Captain.
You're only allowed to shoot at Germans, that's one of the rules.
What if our guys open up, sir?
I HAVE NO FUCKING IDEA.  HERE WE COME.  Cover me.
ON THE BRIDGE!  WE'RE COMING IN.
Looks like they've been having a hell of a party, here, Captain.
Looks like tea time, maybe they're Brits.
Scans the Germans with his binoculars.
That's a mystery to me.
No, sir.
Has anyone ever told you, you're officer material?
Maybe.  But what if he dies on the way back?  you see what I'm saying, sir?  The best possible situation is, he's dead, we find his body, more or less intact, we grab one of his dog-tags and high-tail it back to the beach, or better yet, we head over to Caen and catch up with division.
But we accomplish the mission.
Neither do I, sir.  C:  And this is the worst one, we find Ryan and he's wounded.  Not only does he not carry my gear, we have to carry his gear. And him.
I don't like that one.
B:  Ryan is dead.  He's been blown up by the German equivalent of Wade, whose name I know you don't want me to mention.  There's nothing to find. The biggest piece is the size of a pea.  We wander around, looking for him until the Germans pick us off, one after another.
Except for the last part, that one's not bad.
Well, sir, consider the possibilities. A:  Ryan is alive.  We have to take him back to the beach.  Knowing you, you don't let him carry my gear, even though he really should, and we all get killed, trying to keep him alive.
Why's that?
I've given this a lot of thought, sir.  The best thing that could happen is, we find Ryan and he's dead.
Well now I'm saying we're moving out.  Get off your ass.
I thought you said we had an hour, sir?
Up.  We're moving out.
Is silent.  Motionless.  He gently closes Wade's eyes.  His hand quivers slightly as he unclips one of Wades dogtags.  He fumbles and drops it. Sarge notices.
Goddamn it...Goddamn it...Goddamn it...
We can't leave it here.
Sir, I've got an idea, let's go around.
I'll make a note of your suggestions but I'll leave that last one to you, especially if he's already dead.
Yes, sir, as a final note, I'd like to say, fuck our orders, fuck Ramelle, fuck the cheese capital of France and while we're at it, fuck Private James Ryan.
Any further thoughts on the subject?
But I am a captain.  If I were not a captain, I would thank you for the compliment and tell you that the ability to lie comes from being a top-notch poker player, which I am, having learned at the side of my mother who is, by popular acclaim, the best poker player in...
Sir, if you were not a captain, I would compliment you, now, for being an excellent liar.
In addition, as I pointed out earlier, I have a fondness for cheese and I hope to have the opportunity to sample some of the Ramelle products, when we arrive there, to see if they live up to their excellent reputation. Moreover, I feel heartfelt sorrow for the mother of Private James Ryan and I'm more than willing to lay down my life, and the lives of my men, especially you, Reiben, to help relieve her suffering.  The men thoroughly enjoy the performance.
I'm sorry, sir, I apologize.  But if you weren't a captain, or if I were a major, what would you say?
Reiben, what's the matter with you? I don't gripe to you.  I'm a captain. There's a chain of command.  Griping goes one way, up, only up, never down.  You gripe to me, I gripe to my superior officers.  Up, get it? I don't gripe to you, I don't gripe in front of you.  How long you been in the army?
You have orders, too.
Well, maybe not the Captain, but the rest of us have mothers.
Easy for you to say, sir.  Fucking James Ryan, I'd like to wring his fucking neck.
Reiben, there's a fairly good chance you're not going to die at all.
I'd much rather die in Caen than Ramelle, sir.  It's a personal thing.
Never mind, don't worry, we'll pick up this kid, high-tail it back to division, everything'll work out fine.
Huh?
Ours is not to reason why.
Well, sir, in purely arithmetic terms, since when does six equal one?  What's the sense in risking six guys to save one?
Sure, what do you want to know?
Captain, could you please explain the math of this mission to me?
Upham, are you sure you've never been in combat?
Jesus Christ, he's a natural!
Stands on the edge of the woods, almost in a trance.
General Gavin is going to be very irritated at you, Captain.
Well, I, for one, like cheese.
I'm listening, sir.
There's always a bright side.
Sir, you know what Ramelle is famous for?  Cheese.  The rest of the company is going to Caen and we're going to the goddamned cheese capital of France.  There is no bright side.
There's to be a bright side, look for it.
I should be on my way to Caen, sir. It's like Beethoven, the guy's one of the greatest composers ever lived and he goes deaf.  Go figure, I mean, who'd he piss off?  And here I am, the Beethoven of ladies foundation garments, one step away from Caen, the center of the known lingerie universe and instead, I'm going to Ramelle to save some fucking private who's probably already dead.
Yeah, how so?
Captain, I gotta tell you, the irony of this mission is fucking killing me.
Where are you planning on putting Private Ryan, sir?
Sure, Reiben.
Captain, can I ask you a question?
But, sir...
Trust me, you're the best.
No, I'm not, Kaback is, honest.  Or what about Faulkner?  Or that little guy with the glasses?
Sorry, I need a B.A.R. man, you're the best.
Please, sir, you can't take me to Ramelle, I gotta go to Caen, sir, please, I told you, they make Caen lingerie there, it's beautiful, it's the best there is, it's...oh, please, sir...
Strides through the chaos, avoiding the passing vehicles.  He sees his men and walks toward them.  Reiben hurries up to Miller, pleading.
Stay at it until you get fire control.  Keep 'em down, wait for the navy.
I don't think so, Captain.
Oh, Captain, they'll always make lingerie, it's one of the three basic needs of man -- food, shelter, silk teddies.  Miller Dream on, private.
There's a war on, good chance they're not still making lingerie in Caen.
Lingerie is my life, sir.  My mother's got a shop in Brooklyn, I grew up in it, from the time I could crawl, we carry Caen lingerie, it's the best there is, it's all I been thinking about since the invasion.
Reiben, how the hell do you know so much about lingerie?
Just picture some French number been spending all day, every day, making cream-colored, shear-body negligees with gentle-lift silk cups and gathered empire waists, what the hell you think she wears at night?
So, you ever heard of employee discounts?  My uncle sells shoes, gets twenty-five percent off everything in the line, got a closet filled with the best looking shoes you ever seen.
Don't worry, we're the only Rangers this side of the continent, we've got to be first into Caen.
Sir, what if they send some other company into Caen ahead of us while we're pinned down here?
Sure, meet me at the top, we'll start the paperwork.
Captain, can I put in for a transfer?
Sarge?  He was the best friend I ever had.  Lemme tell you about Sarge...
And Sarge?
Jackson was from West Fork, Tennessee, he was going to be a preacher, his father and uncles have a traveling ministry out of the back of a stretch Hudson.
Yeah?
Upham?  Good kid, smart, he was writing a book.
Upham and Jackson, what were they like?
Yes, Private.
Races through the debris.  Trailed by BULLETS.
FIRES THE EIGHTY-EIGHT.
Looks at Miller, sees him growing weak, starting to sway.  He gently tries to move Miller aside.
Doesn't move.  He just stares at Sarge's body.
Struggling with a pair of Germans.
Is jumped on by one.  Upham FIRES. KILLS the German.
Yes, sir.
You set?  Sarge nods.
I won't need to sir, it's already here, behind the barricade so...
Don't do that again.
No, private, I want you to stay here, keep your head down, don't do anything brave or stupid.
I'd like to go, sir.
Alright, come with me.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, yeah.  I want you right next to me, no matter where I go, you understand?
Thank you, sir.
I hear you sir, but I'm not leaving.
The hell you aren't, you're comin' with me if I have to drag you every inch of the way.  You hear me, Private?
This bridge cannot be held.  The Germans have two companies less than three miles from here.  They have tanks.
Sir, if the Krauts are holding this bridge when division shows up, our guys are going to be sitting ducks.
Private.  I'm sorry about your brothers but staying here and getting yourself killed isn't going to help.
...for you to blow up, yeah, yeah, we heard that.
Hell, I don't mind this mission, sir, as long as there's something up at Ramelle for...
We all have, he's got nine lives, or he's bulletproof, or some damn thing.
Wade's right, it's some kind of scientific, magnetic thing, I can't explain it, but I've seen it.
Look at Upham, you don't hear him complaining.
You want unpleasant?  Just wait, I can do much better than this.
Reiben, you can be very unpleasant to be around sometimes.
Fine, you convince yourself you got a pack full of feathers and goddamned Private James Ryan can carry my fucking gear.
As I was saying, before I was so rudely interrupted, my grandfather got old, as grandfathers tend to do. He needed someone to take care of him.  We move around all the time, going from one mine to another, so we had to put him in a home.  Nice enough place but kind of depressing. But not for Granddad.  He just convinced himself he was on a cruise ship, going to Tahiti, he had his own cabin, first class, with room service.  It just so happened that the weather was always lousy, so he never bothered to go up on deck. Happiest guy you ever saw until the day he died.
Oh, Christ, now we gotta listen to that grandfather thing again.
No, I just happen to take the Captain's advice and look at the bright side of things.
That's because, as I have pointed out on numerous occasions, you are a happy idiot.
So what?  I've got three satchel charges, six gammon grenades, a dozen- and-a-half pineapples, and all my regular gear.  You don't hear me complaining.
Hey, I got a mother.  Jackson, you got a mother?
Jesus, Reiben, think of the poor bastard's mother.
Captain, he's fast!
Damn fool.  Sir.
What are we likely to run into?
I usually like surprises.
Yeah?  So?
Lingerie.
Frogs?
I care.  Don't you know what Caen's famous for, Sarge?
Who cares?
Out of the frying pan, into the fucking latrine.
Fertilizer, Captain, I think we're in a cranberry bog.
Shit, sir.
What about you, Captain?
I don't know, I kind of like Wade's idea about the cruise ship.  I've never been to Tahiti.
Freaked out.  Trying to keep his eyes on the perimeter.  Can't.
Goddamn it...Goddamn it...Goddamn it...
On guard, glancing back.  Pissed off.
He's fast, Captain, I saw him.
Sir, I ran the 220 in high school.
Somebody must know where he's from, what he did for a living.
We know.
But everybody's heard of him, he won the Congressional Medal of Honor, he saved a dozen men.
Get lost.
So, where are you from?
Shit, that's nothing, I ran twenty- two flat.
Twenty-four-five.
How fast?
Who knows?  It worked.
You think he really believed it?
It's easy, it runs in my family, take my grandfather, for example...
How do you do it?
Since I was nine years old.  They got a lot of explosives around mines. Me and my little brother could get into any warehouse you ever saw. Damn, we had fun!
Demolition, right?
We have records.  We have proof.  I'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you this, but it's going to get worse.  Now, if I were you, I would take that fellowship.
No, no he's not.
Because he's guilty.
How can you, how can you say that?
Don't let your father's business infect your life.
You're trying to get me to say something, that's why you're telling me all of this.
Well, take a look around the house.  Is everything nice, but not too nice?  Are there lots of, uh, rugs, pieces of art, stereo equipment, uh, furniture, a lot of things bought with cash?  Does he give a lot of gifts?  Do the major items in your house cover around the nine thousand-dollar range?
What's the profile?
Look, why don't you check it out for yourself?  See if your father fits the profile.
Pardon me?
We believe that your father operates in a large pool of cash that comes from phoney billings, phoney patients.  We've been investigating him for five years.  We believe that when they die, he takes their money.
I'm supposed to be leaving on a fellowship that I worked for my entire life.  I don't even care.  I met this boy over the summer, and I, I can't see him because of this, I can't talk to him, I can't talk to my father about... I wore these clothes, I thought, I thought that if I looked right and if I acted right then someone would talk to me.  But I look awful and I feel awful, could you, could you please talk to me?  Be a little decent.
Taking care of people isn't a growth enterprise, Mr Sims.  I hope you write that down in your report, I'd like your bosses to read it.
Why would you stay so long with an operation that is so clearly not a growth enterprise?
That's right.
Hmmm.  Your income, Mr Court, hasn't changed substantially in seventeen years.
What family?  We never heard from them.  I sold her house for them, made them money.
The, uh, Cynthia Branson estate was worth how much?  Because her family...
And your former wife.
This evening is over.
Mr Court, be aware that we will be contacting a number of your business associates...
Just come down to my place of business, for god's sake.  I have people here.
So you refuse to answer my questions?
Speak with my lawyer.
Understanding the following rights...
Jesus.  What, I live in a palace, right?  I have guests here.
Yeah, I don't want it.  Um, thank you very much.  You're very kind.
You're sure?
Keep it.
Okay, thanks.
Oh yeah, let me give you another card.
I'm sorry, but they turned down your card.
Listen, I don't know your name, but what are you doing for lunch?
Thanks, I like yours too.
Excellent.
I'll take the whole set.
Good for her.
Yeah, she won a fellowship.
For going to school?
No, I'm not married.  It's for my daughter.
Is it a gift for your wife?  Are you getting a set together? 
Hi.
I'll be home soon.
Lloyd, honey, just come home, okay?
Hello Constance.  It's me, Lloyd... nothing, I'm just driving around... she broke up with me... what do I do?  Can't she come back?  How can I get her back?... I can't think, talk to me... I fucked up... I feel like crying... she gave me a pen.  I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen.
Forget it, forget it, it's mine, it's mine!
No, no, don't go in there.
I just washed this shirt, didn't I?
I'll be in my office.
He's a mess!
You're tough, J-man.
I still am.
Yeah.
I was hilarious once, wasn't I?
Look, I'm really sorry that Mom and Dad made you take me in. Really.  If it's such a big deal, I'll go.  But remember this, it used to be fun.  It used to be warped, twisted and hilarious, and I mean that in the best possible way, I mean it as a compliment. I mean, I'm sorry T-I-M left you.  But I am not T-I-M.
Gee, it's easy.
Jesus Christ.  I get in a good mood.  How hard is it just to decide to be in a good mood, and then be in a good mood?
Why can't you be his uncle and not his playmate?
Good thing there's not a red line on you, J-man. YEAH!
Because it's loud enough so the neighbors don't complain, that's how come I know.
How do you know how to draw the red line anyway?
Why do you eat that stuff?  There's no food in your food.  Not too loud, the red line's there for a reason.
Hey, bad throat, huh J-man?
I hope you understand.
It's no problem.  I called Mom and Dad in Germany; it's like they were there.
I'm sorry. Sam had to do a new crown, we had [?], and Jason had a sore throat.  Your big graduation, and no one was there.
Hey, sis.
Lloyd?
If she wants me, she can come to me.
The world is full of guys.  Be a man.  Don't be a guy.
I am.
No, you're not a guy.
Lloyd, you have to understand her family is being ripped apart. Like you and she were ripped apart.  Like Joe and I were ripped apart.
I draw the line at seven un-returned phone calls.
Read it.
What does it say?
I already did.
Lloyd, send her flowers, write her a letter.  Something.
Alright.
You've got to do something special.  You've got to make a statement.
So, what's your point?
Lloyd, listen to me.  EVERYTHING has changed.  You've had sex. No matter what you might think, nothing will ever be the same between you two.  You might be sixty.  You might be walking down the street, and you'll talk to her about something, whatever. But what you'll really be thinking is 'We had sex'.
Alright, alright, alright, calm down, alright, calm down. Nothing's different.
I admit nothing.
Did you sleep with her?
See you.  Bye.  Bye Diane.
See you tomorrow.
Yes.
Hang in there, man.
You are such a great person Lloyd.  I'm a good person, but you are a great person.
Okay, I got it.
Wait for me for when I get round to the front. 
Please? COREY Alright. Alright, Okay, here.
That's just so embarrassing.
Please?
C'mon Lloyd.
C'mon, just do it.
Lloyd.
Do me a favor; take a picture of me with her.
Lloyd, give it up.
Look at those eyes.
Brains stay with brains.  The bomb could go off and their mutant genes would form the same cliques.
Sounds great to me, I'm going to call her, that's what's cool about her.
Diane Court doesn't go out with guys like you.  She's a brain.
I'm gonna call her.
Then what's love?
Going out as friends.
What's a scam?
That's not even a scam.
Yes I did- I sat across from her in a mall.  We ate together.  We ate, that's eating, sharing an important physical event.
But you never had a first date.
The movies are a good second date, you know, as a date?
That's unlikely.
I dream about it.
"Dear Diane, I'll always be there for you, all the love in my heart, Lloyd."  I've never gotten a letter like this, have you?
I've forgotten what I was going to say... okay, okay, I remember. Let him do what he wants.
What?  I'm sorry, talk.
You know I just sit here listening, and you never let me talk.
And above all, just because this happened gives you no right whatsoever...
Wait a minute.
You've got to show her respect, you've got to show her that you're not like Joe...
Wait a minute.
You're an inspiration Lloyd; you should go on the seven hundred club or something.
Look at his face, he did the deed.
Lloyd, it's us.
He's got that nervous talking thing.  I told him not to speak.
I told him to be himself.
Meaning that she made the second date a family audition, which is the kiss of death for Lloyd.
Meaning?
Lloyd is doomed.
I'm sorry.  It's just you're a really nice guy, and we don't want to see you get hurt.
I wouldn't get my hopes up Lloyd.
Diane Court does not realise how good-looking she is.
Trapped in the body of a gameshow hostess.
Well, where Mr Carroll uses the word 'love', I look for a new word.
He wants to leave things on a good note.
Did you see what Mr Carroll wrote in my yearbook?  Well, he ridiculed me all year long, and then he writes, "You're a real live-wire, Love Mr Carroll."  Y'know, it's all so phoney.
Come on, it's graduation.
I don't feel anything.
If you were Diane Court, would you honestly fall for Lloyd?
Hey, I know this is a strange thing to say, but maybe Diane Court really likes Lloyd.
What is wrong with this girl?
It's too much pressure, it's not his crowd.
Why?
Well, you don't have to be so dramatic about it.
I just saw Joe.  He's here.
I wrote sixty-three songs this year.  They're all about Joe, and I'm going to play every single one of them tonight.
Alright.
I'll put this past my boss
Confirm this with my office and my client.
I can put that together.
He'd like to start serving immediately.
And I want to turn the home over to the state.
I can accept that.
One hundred and twenty-five thousand and nine months.
One hundred thousand dollar fine and three months?
I can't give you that.  This guy's been ripping off grandma and grandpa for seventeen years.  He's been getting it from every end.  I'd love to hear his story.
'Cause I'm a guy, I have pride.
Lloyd, why do you have to be like this?
I'm not going back there.  I don't even know who you're talking about.
Visit her at the home.
Look, why don't you just call Diane again?
That was a mistake.  The rain on my car is a baptism.  The new me.  Iceman, power Lloyd.  My assault on the world begins now. Believe in myself, answer to no one... You probably got it all figured out, Corey.  If you start out depressed, everything's kind of a pleasant surprise.
I'm going to take out Diane Court again.
Lloyd, she's being difficult.
I don't know what to say to you, except goodbye.
Hi.
Hello.
You're right.
Don't say that, it's not good for you.  You're...
I'm so ashamed dad.
Take it easy how mad you make me, I'm the only dad you've got.
No, I will.  I don't want to leave something out because I know I can say anything to you.  You're a liar, and a thief.
That's right, work it out.
No.  I told you everything, you lied to me.  I would have done anything for you.
Why are you being so hateful to me?  Is this because of Lloyd?
I trusted you.  I stood up in court five years ago and I picked you.
Alright, alright.  Go ahead.  When I'm old, give me someone like me, but go ahead.
You let me believe you.  You knew you were guilty, and you let me become a part of it.  God, how... how could you...
I made their lives better.
No, but you stole from them.
No, you don't know what it is.  It's not for me.  This money's for you, for when you come back from England with honors to set you up, so you don't have to depend on anybody again.  Diane, I take better care of these people than their families do.  I care for them, I give them flowers, I feed them, I wipe their mouths...
Yes, I...
You think you know what this money is?
You stole from them, you lied to me.  How do you think that's supposed to make me feel?
Honey, about what?
What am I supposed to think?
Honey, it's not what you think.
But I found the money.
I swear to god.
Swear to god.
Honey!
Swear to god, I need to know the truth.
Sweetheart, no.  Don't be ridiculous.
Dad, did you do it?  Did you take that money?
What happened to you?
Just finishing up in here.
Dad, are you okay in there?
Well then don't pick it up. You know what's best.
If I pick it up, we'll only get back together.
Dad, I love him.
'I like him'?  Diane, I'm talking about being honest with people, being decent...
Dad, in a million years, I would never give him a pen.  What's wrong with having some fun?  I like him.
Diane, I'm not asking you to sever all relations with the boy. Give him a present, here, let him know you still care.  Give him this pen.
Dad, you and I have talked about this.  Lloyd and I have talked about this.  Believe me, this is well-covered territory.
Diane, you owe it to yourself to get on that plane with no attachments, no strings, because after you get over there, things are going to change.  People change.
Unbelievable.  This is a nightmare.
Well listen to me.  Now, I know you like him, I know he's nothing like those frat kids you can't stand, but honey, after the excitement wears off, then what, huh?  What are you going to talk about?  What do you have in common?  You're going to be part of an international think-tank, and he's going to be kicking punching bags.
I like him a lot.
Do you love him?
Dad, why are you acting this way?  Is this because of the other morning?
Diane!  Alright, let's stop this right now.  Let's not put our energy into something ridiculous.  This isn't even smart thinking.
You're not listening to me.
Bon voyage.
It doesn't feel right to me.  I, I don't even have the right luggage yet.
You're going.
But listen, if I had a friend in the same position, I would tell her to delay a year.
You're going.
Dad, maybe I shouldn't go with all that's happening to you.
Dad, no.  But I didn't want any problems, so I decided not to sleep with him.
Did he ever get rough with you?
Sit down.
Dad, yes.  And I'm scared to death of what you must think of me right now.
Lloyd?
I know that.
Do you wanna make things easier on me?  Now tell me where you were because this is, this is bullshit.  You can say anything to me, I hope you still know that.
I'm fine.
You've always called before, always.  Now I'm not asking what you did, I just want to know that you're alright.
Dad, I'm so sorry.  I know this is a bad time.
You bet you should have called.  You still live at home.  Don't make me call the police at three-thirty in the morning, don't make me call hospitals.
I was irresponsible, I should have called.
You should be.
Dad, I'm sorry.
Morning.
Which they did, and every once in a while on a commercial, you can hear me scream.
Oh yeah.  There was, uh, somebody on the plane worked in a recording studio, and, uh, we got this telephone call, this guy is making a sound effects record, and he'd gotten our address and he wanted to know if he could come over and record her scream.
So anyway, these two federal marshals meet the plane, and they take our address, and they ask us never to fly with 'Friendly Skies' again.
Okay, I give up.
Which they did.  Let me finish.
And then you got up and you told them to turn the plane around.
So anyway, they closed the doors, and she starts to scream.  I've never in my life heard anyone scream quite like that.
Crash paranoia.
I knew how planes flew, but I was still a little nervous.
Well, let me start it.  I'm flying down to Los Angeles on business, and I decide to take her on her first aeroplane.
Now why can't I tell the story?
Dad.
She's not the world's greatest flyer, let me tell you.  When she was eight years old, she...
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Well, I don't think he's really been embarrassed by it.
Lloyd was such a gentleman.  He was funny and nervous and strange, and I met people that I never would have met before, then I blew it.  I called him basic.  Can you believe I did that?
Wait a minute.  How was Lloyd?
Dad, I'm so glad I went.  Goodnight.
Morning honey.
No, listen to me.  You're the best in the country, don't you understand?  It's like a pyramid.  It starts out with everybody, and it narrows through your life and through everything, and all the hoopla and the competition narrows it down to one brilliant person who is so special that they celebrate you on two continents.  And it's you.  So tell me something, where's the flaw in that?  There is no flaw.
Don't do this to me. You're too good at making me nervous.
We'll worry about that later.  Now come on, tell me that you're special.
God, I'll have to go on a plane.
You're going to take a big step, a big leap, and before you do, I just want one thing from you, miss.  You stand up straight and admit you're special.
I won?
You won it.  You're going to study at the finest institute at England, the toughest fellowship in the country, and you won.
Are you kidding?  You're not kidding?  You're not kidding!
No, no, just listen.  You won the Wreath  fellowship.
Tell me, is it bad news?
I just had a phone call.
What?
I love you too honey.
I love you dad.
I'm sorry.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Diane, in a million years, you could never be a... priss.  It's all working out for you honey, don't you see?  It's all working out, just like we planned.  All the years of summer school, all the vacations you gave up, it's all working out just the way we planned...
Everybody thinks I'm a priss.
No, wait a minute.  Everybody thinks you're what?
I was standing up there and looking at all the people, and I felt like they didn't know me.  I mean, maybe I shouldn't have taken all those courses out of school, because everybody thinks I... forget it.
They really applauded you today honey.
Oh god, I don't need all these presents.  I don't know any kid who got a car, I mean...
Now this is the only thing your mother ever gave me that I kept. Now it's yours.  Go ahead, open it.
God, that's... this is ridiculous.
Well, since I'm not only your father, I'm also your friend; I had to get you two presents.
What are you doing?
Okay, I promise I will.  Just come here a minute, I want to show you something.
Dad, you have to teach me to suture this weekend.
Well, it's almost over.  We've gone to school together for three years, and we've been through a lot.  But with that training out of High School gone, what's going to happen to us?  We all know what the answers are.  We want to be happy, go to college, own a car, maybe raise a family.  But what if that doesn't happen?  I have, I have to be honest though, I have all the hope and ambition in the world.  But when I think about the future, the truth is, I am really...scared.
Ha!
Okay.
Alright, no more, I'm going to save it.
Oh no, no, it's... it's wonderful.   It's... no, don't worry about it.  You're very funny.  Go back, that's great!
I didn't think anyone would get it.
Oh yeah!
You like it?
Ha!  Go back!  What a great line!
Having taken a few courses at the university this year, I have glimpsed our future, and all I can say is... go back.
Why?  It's fine.  It's nice.
Well, it's almost over.  We've gone to school together for three years... I might cut that part out.
Okay.  Oh, here's Ray.  Just talk to him because when you don't, your mouth turns down.
You will?
Alright.
If they ask you questions, and they probably will ask you questions, would you please say something nice about him mum? Help him?
If we could just talk about boys everything would be so much easier.  You know, your room is always ready for you, you can always come home if... alright, what do you want me to do?
I just wonder what could be more important than what's going on with dad.
You know, I don't even know if you've got a young man in your life?
This is me telling you about me.
Diane, I do have a history with this man, and it's not the greatest.  I see you so seldom, I'd really rather know about you.
Mom, please?
I know.
No.  You just described every great success story.  Alright, it's alright.
Nobody thought we'd do this.  Nobody really thinks it's going to work, do they?
How's it going?
Not right now, thanks.
Alright, personalised flight care from Corey.  Books, cassettes, magazines, anything?
Okay.
Right, I'm just going to keep talking until that ding happens, which is going to be soon.
Good to know.
So when you hear the smoking sign go 'ding', you know everything's going to be okay.
Okay.
Alright, high level air safety tips.  If anything happens, it'll usually be in the first five minutes of the flight, right?
Okay.
Okay, good, this is all very noble.
I'm fine.
I love you.  Please, I love you.
One more time would be nice.
I love you.  How many more times do I have to say it?
What?
I love you.
Hurt me again?  Not a chance, don't worry about it.
Everything else means nothing to me.  If I hurt you again, I'll die.
You do?
My father's guilty.  He lied to me, he lied to everybody.  I just left home... I need you.
What do you want?
I'm sorry.
What do you want?
Oh shit.
Then don't do it.
Don't be mean, this is hard for me too.
What is that?  What are you doing with your hands?  Talk to me, you're talking like that girl Sheila.
Lloyd, I love you, okay?
What, I'm sorry I said that.  Forget I said it, it's what I thought I meant, but forget it.
You have Corey and DC.  I have my dad.
You told your dad?
Just my dad.
Did you tell anybody?
No, that's fine.  She'll tell everybody, but that's fine.
She figured it out.  I'm sorry if that upsets you.
Why, did you tell Corey what happened?
Did you talk to Corey?
No.
Is this because of your dad?
No I didn't.
You shared it with a dick.
Lloyd, we shared the most intimate thing two people can share.
Yeah you do.
No, I don't, I don't.
I feel like a dick.  You must think I'm a dick.
I think that we should stop going out on dates.
Well, if we're friends, why can't we see each other?
No.  We decided that we're friends.  I mean, I know it's a terrible word...
It sounded like you did.
No, no.
'Cause I'm worried, did you just break up with me?
We decided...
Okay, what did we just decide?
Yeah, uh-huh.
Okay.  It's good knowing this.
We'll see.
Okay, how much time do you need?  I mean, you know, I mean you'll be leaving in a little while, so that's answered some questions. 
Yeah.
You need to study?
Well, I need to study, and...
What's wrong?
I think that we should spend some time apart.
Say what?
How can I look at you and say this?
What?  This is a good level, isn't it?
I know.  Lloyd, let's not start putting things on this level.
I was just going to tell you that I love you.  I said it.
I don't know what you're going to say, but I think that...
How do you know what I'm going to say?
No, we don't have to say it.
I've never sent a letter like that, you know?  I mean, I felt like I wanted to tell you something, but I didn't put it in the letter, and I didn't say it, but I want to say it now, I'm not sure if I should say it, you know, 'cause people always say it and don't mean it, but I think that I mean it, so, um, I just wanted to tell you...
It was wonderful.
Why didn't you tell me?
Uh-huh.  It was wonderful.
It did?
Your letter came yesterday.
Check your mail tomorrow.  I sent you a letter, a letter.
Here are some blankets.  This is a good song, this is a really good song.
I don't know.  I'm happy.
Then why are you shaking?
I don't think I am.
You're cold.
I don't think so.
You're shaking.
No.
Yes.  Are you shaking?
Are you comfortable?
Yeah.
Let's get outta here.  You want to?
Well no, it's not noble, but it's a good aid to your lesson.
This is so noble.
Now, go into second.  Little more gas... Yeah!  You can get  this whole problem.  Now, maybe you downshift to first?
Yeah.
Little more gas.  Ease it up.  Hold on- minor setback.  Now you feel confident, right?
Oh.  I was putting the...
Yeah, a little bit.  Listen, this is important.  When you feel it start to give, put the clutch in.
Am I wrecking my car?
Okay, this is important...
Right.
If you'll just maybe ease it into second.
Yeah?
Yeah.  Now, when you feel like you're confident,...
I'm doing alright.
You know how it'll come out and feel... y'know... little more, little more... Yeah, yeah, that's right.  Go round just at first, keep it in first, just feel it.
Yeah.
Yeah, just keep going first, keep going around.  Get the feel of it, feel the clutch, when you put it in a little?
Friends with potential.
Yeah.  With potential.
Be friends?
Don't worry about it.  We're just having coffee.  We'll be anti- social.
I just can't have any social life right now.
No.
I just don't want it to get too heavy.  I feel really overloaded. I have this theory of convergence, that good things always happen with bad things.  But I know you have to deal with them at the same time, but I just, I mean I don't know why they have to happen at the same time, I mean, I don't know why, I just wish I could work out... Am I just babbling?  Do you know what I mean?
It's okay, everybody does that.
Well... just meet her.
What did you say?
Yes.
Wait, wait.  You told her about me?
She's amazing.  She's ninety-three, she's a writer, and I told her about you.
Okay.
You have to meet Bess.
I'll see you there.  Bye.
Okay, bye.
Okay, bye, I will.
Stop by later.
Really?  Um... I... well... you're really turning me around here,
I think that's ageism, and that's, that's being prejudiced against people because they're old.  Maybe their mouths don't work as well as yours.
Well, except for one thing.  I used to work at a smorgasbord, and, and the old people would flock there, and, and they loved to eat.  And they just jammed their mouths, you know?  The used to eat with their mouths open, and you know, it's just too much for me.  You get to be thinking about how short life is, and how maybe, maybe has no meaning because you wake up and you're frying burgers
Come on.
Me?  Sure I do.
I know you think my job is strange.  You don't like old people, do you?
Won't you see me later?
I usually have a break after the dinner service, if you want to stop by.
After work?
I had a checklist in mind.  I thought that if babies were on the plane, the plane couldn't crash.  But all the babies were crying, and I thought they knew something I didn't.
Oh.
Mmmm.
You think so?
I think you should wear that.
Yeah?
Nice one.
Yeah, I've had it forever.  I used to have this thing with marking the words that I looked up.
Boy, this is a mother dictionary.
Or, or I could always wear this one.
Yeah.
Then call me later.
Today is tomorrow.
Then call me tomorrow.
Sixteen weeks is a long time.
I only have something like sixteen weeks.
So am I. I want to see you again.  I want to see you as much as I can before you leave.  I said it.
No, I'm serious.
Job?  Being a great date.
So what's your job this summer?
Basic.  Hmmm.
You're a great date.  I've never really gone out with someone as basic as you.
What?
You know what?
Twisted?
Thanks.  But either way it still feels...
Watch out for that glass.
Well, my parents split up when I was thirteen, and... god, I actually had to... I went into court and I had to choose between the two of them.  So I chose my dad.  It just felt safer that way, you know?
Sure I do.
Yeah, but that's an old story, you don't want to hear it.
It's just you and your dad, right?
Yeah.  I'm so glad we did this.
That's cool then.
Yeah, but I feel like I fit in for the first time, you know? Like I just held them far away from me, and they did the same to me.
They knew of you.  Now they know you.
Nobody knew me before tonight.
Mine say stuff like "Lloyd, see you around maybe"
Alright, this is some of the things they wrote me; "Glad I finally met you", "You always seemed nice", "Wish I could have known you more"...
Bye.
Have a good sleep.
I hereby surrender my duties as keymaster, give me a beer.
Thank-you.
It's the worst job since keymaster.
He does this every year?
Yeah.
So we can finally talk?
No.
So it's an honor?
Yeah, I have to judge who can drive home and who can't. I have to keep their keys.
Keymaster?
No.
Oh.  Um, would it be terrible if I wanted to go home early?
They're Bavarian Death style  pretzels.
What are these?
Yeah
Would you hold this for me?
Whoa.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Eight. Eight O' clock.
Eight.
Alright.  This is really great.  Alright, we're going out. It's a date.  It's a scam.  Whatever, whatever, alright, I'll pick you up at what, eight O' clock?
You will?  Excellent, alright, this is great.  You will, really?
I'll go.
Pardon me?
I'll go.
No tips.  I won't give you any tips of any kind.
Well...
Y'know, you're not in England yet, you know that of course, and by the way, I want to just tell you that I lived in England for a few months,
Actually, I think that I...
Look Diane, I'm sorry, but I can't allow you to leave the country without going to Valhere's graduation party.  This gentleman, he's twenty-two, and he comes out of hiding once a year for this occasion, and he dresses up as the Lakeside rooster, and he,
Hmmm....
What about tonight then, are you going to that party at Valhere's?
Well, not monumentally.
So you're monumentally busy?
Saturday, I have some things to do around the house.
Are you busy on Saturday?
Yeah, I have to help my father.
Are you busy on Friday?
Yes.  Things are pretty hectic right now, but thanks.
Busy?
Oh, thanks, but I'm busy.
Okay, um, so it's Lloyd and... uh... uh... let's go out.  Do you wanna go out?
No, I read it on the message.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.  You remember?
Yes, we sat together at Bell's Square.
Quick question - do you know who I am?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.  What a day.
Whoah, what a day, huh?
Thank you very much.
Yeah.  I just wanted to congratulate you on your scholarship to England, and I wanted to tell you that I thought your speech was really incredible.
Yeah?
Yeah.  I read about your fellowship in the paper, and I'm very glad you called me back.
Hi.  You called me?
No noise, no sound, no movement, nothing!  Hello, Diane?
Look at those eyes.
Thank-you.  The real world.
You've gotta get her out of your head, man.
You're freaking out here man.
Man, you're bringing me down!
Hey man, I was in love once.  I got hurt really bad.  I never wanna go through that again.
Man, you never had a chance with a girl like that.
It's your castle, man.
Your only mistake is that you didn't dump her first.  Diane Court is a showpony.  You need a stallion, my friend.  Walk with us and you walk tall.
Man, all you gotta do is find a girl who looks just like her, nail her, and then dump her man, get her off your mind.
Work that jab, work that hook, work that jab, okay, take a break, take a break.
PAIN!
Hook up the jab, hook up the jab.
No my brother, you have to go buy your own.
He's back.  Hey my brother, can I borrow a copy of your 'Hey Soul Classics'?
YEAH!
Yeah, you gotta go 'YEAH', strength.  Poor little man.
Yeah.
Just knowing a person like that exists, knowing that for a minute that she felt that and wrote 'I still can't help loving you'. That's gotta be a good thing, right?  That's gotta be a good thing.
Just her name.
It does, it does if it's the version signed 'I still can't help loving you'.  Read that.
She can't still be angry at this, it's gotta get better.
I know this part, keep reading.
"You can't know the horrible disappointment I feel..."
I'm incarcerated, Lloyd!  I don't deserve to lose my daughter over this.  I don't deserve to have you as my go-between.  And I can't for the life of me figure out how she could choose to champion in mediocrity the way she flirts around you.
I'm the distraction that's going to England with her sir.  Are you alright sir?  Are you okay?
You're not a permanent part of her life.  You're a distraction.
I know.  But then I reconsidered.  'Cause I figured out what I really wanna do with my life, what I want to do for a living is I wanna be with your daughter.  I'm good at it.
Very talented.
I know
She's very successful.
I know.
Well Lloyd, I admire you for not hitching a ride.  You know, my daughter's a lot different to you.
Am I going?  Am I going to England?  I've thought about this quite a bit, and I've realised what I probably should do is just carve out a goal for my future and find out what I wanna do with my life, do all the stuff that I've been avoiding in a big way. I mean, Diane and I can wait for each other, right?  What's she gonna... she's gonna run off with some English guy?  There's no way.
Are you?
That's one of the things I wanted to talk to you about sir.
Are you going to England with her Lloyd?
She wouldn't get out of the car.  I brought her all the way here, she said she was going to come here, and she wouldn't get out of the car.  But I thought that is was important, that she come to see you, because I know that if you go somewhere and you don't deal with your family stuff, then you're just gonna, she's gonna, um...
I just wanted to say that I've thought about everything, and I've decided something.  I'm going to give you another chance.  Maybe no one's listening, or maybe your father's listening.  Mr Court, if you're listening to this, hello, how are you?
Go ahead, pick it up if you want.
Hi, Lloyd.  This is my eighth and final call...
You mean like career?  Uh, I don't know.  I've, I've thought about this quite a bit sir, and I'd have to say considering what's waiting out there for me, I don't want to sell anything, buy anything or process anything as a career.  I don't want to sell anything bought or processed, or buy anything sold or processed, or... process anything sold, bought or processed, or repair anything sold, bought or processed, you know, as a career I don't want to do that.  So, uh, my father's in the army, he wants me to join, but I can't work for that corporation, so what I've been doing lately is kickboxing, which is really a, uh, new sport, but I think it's got a good future.  As far as career longevity goes, I don't really know, because, you know, you can't really tell.  Your training sticks  as a fighter, you know, but it's no good, you know, you have to be great, but I can't really tell if I'm great until I've had a couple of pro fights. But I haven't been knocked out yet.  I don't know, I can't figure it all out tonight sir, I'm going to hang with your daughter.
No, really.
I'm totally and completely serious.
Seriously, Lloyd.
Spend as much time as possible with Diane before she leaves.
Yeah Lloyd.  What are your plans for the future?
Well, we pay for the [?].  That guy didn't want to part with it, a little matter of nine thousand dollars.
How do you pay for one of those?
Thanks Lloyd.
Yeah.  Honey?
How ya doing?  Is she around?
Fine Lloyd.
Hello.  Heard about that graduation present.  Really quite a car. Look, I know you're busy, you don't' have to retain me, but you can trust me.  I'll tell you a couple of things about myself, I'm nineteen, been overseas for a couple of semesters, but now I'm back.  I'm an athlete, so I rarely drink.  Kickboxing.  You heard of kickboxing, sport of the future?  Don 'The Dragon' Wilson, Lenny [?] merciless, one of the champions of the sport?  I can see by your face, no.  My point is, you can relax because your daughter will be safe with me for the next seven to eight hours.
Hello Lloyd.
Hi.  Lloyd Dobler, sir.  Pleasure to meet you.
Jim Court... no, this is her father.  I'll take...
Okay.  Good afternoon.  Goodbye.
Yeah, she is.  Good luck.
She's really pretty great, isn't she?
What?
Okay. She's really pretty great, isn't she?
Okay, I'll give here the message.
Oh.  Okay then... Lloyd Dobler, 555-1342.
Why don't I just get your phone number, that's usually how it works.
Uh, no, not really, no actually, basically, you don't know me. I'm a friend of your daughters; well I sat with her yesterday at the mall.
The truck?
No.
The guy with the Datsun?
No.
Is this the guy with the Mustang?
Uh... okay... um...
Sorry, Diane isn't here at the moment.
Hello.  May I please speak with Diane please?
Jim Court?
Dude, I can't do it!
Diane Court.
Your car?
My car.
Dude, why do you think I keep her tapes?  They're going to be valuable some day.
Stop freaking with her head man.  Just stop playing with her mind, you know?  She's a human being.  She's a person.  She's very talented, you know.
So what's up?
Joe.  Joe.  She's written sixty-five songs.  They're all about you.  They're all about pain.
Hang tough, Lloyd.
How many people really know what they want though?  I mean, a lot of them think that they have to know, right? But inside, they don't really know, so, I don't know.  But I know that I don't know.
Lloyd, everybody in that party put something down on their record except you.
We'll just make an appointment for you at Seattle Junior College.
My dad's a lieutenant colonel in the army, he wants me to join, he wants to pull some strings.  I mean, there's no possible way.
Don't make this like a counsel, Lloyd. I got statistics I can show you, I got graphs I can show you.  That's all the stuff I can show you, it all says the same thing.  You have to decide on a career.
What?
Lloyd.
No way.
You missed every one of your career counselling sessions.  Call me obsessive, compulsive, but let's do this right now.
How ya doin' Miss Evans?
Lloyd.  Lloyd Dobler, I've got you.
I don't really know where we are.
How you doin', brother?
Ooop, excuse me.
Alright.  Key?
This is great, this gives me hope.  Thanks.
I'm Lloyd Dobler.
Yeah, but how come it worked?  I mean like, what are you?
I called her up.
Yeah, hey, oh god.  Listen, I wanted to... I don't know you very well, you know, but I wanted to ask you, how did you get Diane Court to go out with you?
Yeah.
Mike Cameron.  This is one fresh jam, huh?
What?
Mike Cameron, how you doing?
Hey.
Oh boy.
I am happy to say that this bag is officially empty.
Certainly.
Diane, everybody loves that you showed up.
Maybe we'll come by tomorrow, help you clear up or something.
I don't know.  Good on you man.  Alright Lloyd.
I don't know.
You know, every year I throw this party, every year nobody helps me clear up.  Why am I yelling?
I was just going to kind of move around.
Thanks a lot Lloyd.
I was gonna...
A very responsible young man you're out with tonight.
Oh, I was just going to...
Wow, man.  Well.  Listen man, I need you to be the keymaster.
You know Diane Court?
It's gotta stay purple.  All night.  Hey Lloyd, how ya doin'?
I got a question.  If you guys know so much about women, how come you're here at like the Gas 'n' sip on a Saturday night completely alone, drinking beers, no women anywhere?
Later for you, Luke.
Yeah, alright.
We're full on bonded.
Alright, I love you too. Go to sleep.
I love you man.
You must chill!  You must chill!  I have hidden your keys. CHILL!
Give me my firebird keys!
I love you too.
I love you man
Alright!
We finally graduated, big dude guy!
Now I'm back, and you know what I'm going to do now?  I'm going to have a good time.  So are you.
Now you're back.
Things worked out.  I made some money over there, had some laughs, you know. It was good.
Nothing's changed.  Then again, something has changed, hasn't it?
How do you do?  What can I get you, what're you drinking?
Oskar - my friend Lena.
My plant manager is somewhere on this train. If it leaves with him on it, it'll disrupt production and the Armaments Board will want to know why.
The gentleman thinks a mistake's been made.
Klaus Tauber.
I didn't ask you about the list, I asked you your name.
Sir, the list is correct.
What's your name?
I'm talking to a clerk.
He's on the list.  If he were an essential worker, he would not be on the list. He's on the list.  You can't have him.
Well, let's find him.
He is.
Itzhak Stern?  He's on the list.
He's essential.  Without him, everything comes to a grinding halt.  If that happens -
It's up to you.
Should I stay?
It's a beautiful city.
Should I stay?
I feel like an old-fashioned couple. It feels good.
What?
War.
Luck.
A charade?  How could it be a charade?
It's not a charade, all this?
You would, though.  That's what I'm saying.
I don't have to like her just because you do.  It doesn't work that way.
What -
Oskar, please -
You know what, you'd like her.
Breslau?  I can't go to Breslau.  Not now.
In Breslau.
All right, okay, let's talk.
I'd love to, it'll have to wait until I get back.  I have to leave.
There are some things that are unclear. We need to talk.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Your friend Amon Goeth has been arrested.
The guards aren't allowed on the factory floor. They make my workers nervous.
Where are the guards?
All you have to do is tell me what it's worth to you.  What's a person worth to you.
Yeah, all right, don't tell me, I'll go along with it, it's just irritating to me I can't figure it out.
You did, but you didn't.
I just told you.
If you admit to making three, then it's four, actually.  But how?
Yeah, sure.
It's good for me - I know them, I'm familiar with them.  It's good for you - you'll be compensated.  It's good for the Army.  You know what I'm going to make?  Artillery shells.  Tank shells. They need that.  Everybody's happy.
You're not telling me something.
Look -
Oh, this is "good business" in your opinion. You've got to move them, the equipment, everything to Czechoslovakia - it doesn't make any sense.
It's good business.
What are you, Moses?  What is this? Where's the money in this?  What's the scam?
These people, my people, I want my people.
You want these people.
I don't know.  Soon.
When?
They're taking mine.  When I said they didn't have a future I didn't mean tomorrow.  Auschwitz.
You took my workers.
I got a shipment of Hungarians coming in, I got to make room for them.  It's always something.
What's going on?
I tried to call you, I'm running a little late, this is taking longer than I thought.  Have a drink.
I want him.  Come on, let's go inside, let's have a good time.
What do you want for him, I'll give it to you.
He's important to my business.
You held back Stern.  You held back the one man most important to my business.
I pay you too much.
It's true.  Never happen in Cracow, though, we all love you too much.
Well, you've been through it.  You know. You could make things easier for me.
Do you have any idea what's involved? The paperwork alone?  Forget you got to build it all, getting the fucking permits, that's enough to drive you crazy.  Then the engineers show up.  They stand around and they argue about drainage - I'm telling you, you'll want to shoot somebody, I've been through it, I know.
True.
That you know the meaning of the word gratitude.  That it's not some vague thing with you like with some guys.
Yeah, what's that?
Scherner told me something else about you.
Some of the boys went crazy, what're you going to do?  You're right, it's bad business, but it's over with, it's done.  Occasionally, sure, okay, you got to make an example.  But that's good business.
It's bad business.
We're going to be making so much money, none of this is going to matter -
Every day that goes by, I'm losing money. Every worker that is shot, costs me money - I have to get somebody else, I have to train them -
They're mine!
They're not gone, they're here.
I go to work the other day, there's nobody there.  Nobody tells me about this, I have to find out, I have to go in, everybody's gone -
I'd say I'd get you one but the guy who made it, he's probably dead, I don't know.
He looks great, though, doesn't he? I have to know - where do you get a suit like that?  what is that, silk?  It's great.
You're kidding.
You know, they told me you were going to be trouble - Czurda and Scherner.
Good.
We started without you.
Takes diamonds to stay on this list.
What do I got for you?
You want to stay on it?  What do you got for me?
Of course I'm on it.
Hey, Poldek, how's it going?  You know about the list?  You're on it.
Yeah, I can.
Ghetto Police.  I'm a policeman now, can you believe it?
Look it up.
This is not my problem.
I asked for metal, you gave me glass.
So I'm responsible for the weather?
My buyers sold it to a guy who sold it to the Army.  But by the time it got there - because of the cold - it broke, the whole truckload.
You asked for shoe polish.
You don't recognize it?  Maybe that's because it's not what I asked for.
What's that?
You're a good man.
Yeah, okay.
God bless you, sir.
That's great, thanks.
I work hard for you.  I'll continue to work hard for you.
That's great.
The SS beat me up.  They would have killed me, but I'm essential to the war effort, thanks to you.
You're welcome, I'm sure you're doing a great job.
I want to thank you, sir, for giving me the opportunity to work.
Yeah?  Yeah, that'd be nice, let me get my coat.
I thought maybe you'd like to come over, have some dinner, some of the people are coming over.
I've been here.  I guess I haven't been out.
I mean where have you been? Nobody's seen you around for a while.
I'm having a drink, come on in, we'll have a drink.
What are you doing?
Things are great, things are great.
Good.  How's it going?
How should I know?  It's broken. See what you can do.
What's wrong with it?
She's good.
What's the matter, everything all right at home?  Mila's okay?
Yeah.
How you feeling, all right?
I don't know, ten or twelve.  That's a good color.  Dark blues, grays.
How many?
Nice things cost money.
You have any idea what a shirt like this costs?
There's nothing in the stores.
Like this?
Pistols, rifles, carbines ...  I'd be grateful.
Pistols?
It kind of looks that way.
We're losing the war, aren't we.
One of these days the Russians are going to show up unannounced at my gate.  I'd like the chance to defend myself.  I'd like my wife to have that chance.  My civilian engineers. My secretary.
Wine?
Oh, God, you don't have a drink?
I need a drink.
Thank you.
How do you do?
Are you kidding, I never miss a party. Police Chief Rasch, my wife Emilie.
Oskar, good of you to come.
Did I threaten anybody here?  I stated a simple fact.
He doesn't deserve your loyalty.  More important, he's not worth you making threats against us.
He's got no style, we all know that. So, we should hang him for it?
He's a friend of yours, you want to help him out. Tell me this, though - has he ever once shown you his appreciation?  I've yet to see it. Never a courtesy.  Never a thank you note.  He forgets my wife at Christmas time -
So I'll talk to him about it.
The place produces nothing.  I shouldn't say that - nothing it produces reaches the Army.  That's not all right.
Done.  Lets not talk about it anymore, let's have a good time.
That'd be fine.
Whoever.  They're the ones.  They'd appreciate some kind of gesture from me.
What others?
No, look.  It's the others.  They're the ones causing these delays.
I'd never ask you for money, you know that. I don't even like talking about it - money, favors - I find it very awkward, it makes me very uncomfortable -
You did so much.
I didn't do enough.
There will be generations because of what you did.
If I'd made more money ...I threw away so much money, you have no idea. If I'd just ...
Oskar, there are twelve hundred people who are alive because of you.  Look at them.
I could've got more ... if I'd just ... I don't know, if I'd just ... I could've got more...
No, no, what, what is it?
I'll talk to you later.
You'll lose money.
You don't?  I do.  I see a difference.
I know what you're saying, but I don't see the difference.
No?
There's a rumor you've been going around miscalibrating the machines.  I don't think that's a good idea.
Well, sure.  So would I.  So would you. I wouldn't worry about it.  We'll get it right one of these days.
They're withholding payment.
Well, that's to be expected.  They have to understand.  These are start-up problems. This isn't pots and pans, this is a precise business.  I'll write them a letter.
They arrived, can you believe it?
They arrived.
Stern.
We need to talk.
Yes.
That's very generous of you.
Give or take what, Stern - how many - count them.
Eight hundred, give or take.
More.
Four hundred, four fifty -
Well, I'll talk to somebody.  I'll take care of it.
I think it's too late.
I'll talk to him.
There's nothing you can do.  I'm not asking you to do anything.  You came into my office.
I'll admit it's a weakness.  I don't think he enjoys it.  All right, he does enjoy it, so what? What do you expect me to do about it?
And killing.
You have to understand, Goeth's under enormous pressure.  You have to think of it in his situation.  He's got this whole place to run, he's responsible for everything that goes on here, all these people - he's got a lot of things to worry about.  And he's got the war. Which brings out the worst in people.  Never the good, always the bad.  Always the bad. But in normal circumstances, he wouldn't be like this.  He'd be all right.  There'd be just the good aspects of him.  Which is a wonderful crook.  A guy who loves good food, good wine, the ladies, making money...
It's dangerous.  It's dangerous, to me, personally.
What other point is -
No, I'm not losing money, that's not the point.
Are you losing money?
You think I don't know what you're doing? You're so quiet all the time?  I know.
Oskar -
I got to go, I'll see you.
Thank you.
This, I don't know, maybe you can trade it for something.
Ah, yes.
Christmas presents.
You try to be fair to people, they walk out the door;  I've never understood that.  What's next?
Do what?
Don't ever do that to me again.
There's a machinist outside who'd like to thank you personally for giving him a job.
What?
The war could end.
Any reason to think next month will be worse?
Yes.
Better this month than last?
Yes.
I could try to read this or I could eat my lunch while it's till hot.  We're doing well?
But it's less.  It's less than what I would pay a Pole.  That's the point I'm trying to make.  Poles cost more.
The Jewish worker's salary, you pay it directly to the SS, not to the worker. He gets nothing.
What was that about the SS, the rate, the ... ?
They should be.
I don't know anybody who'd be interested in that.
Something they can hold in their hands.
Pots and pans.
Well, they wouldn't own it, I'd own it. I'd pay them back in product.  They can trade it on the black market, do whatever they want, everybody's happy.
Jews can no longer own businesses, sir, that's why this one's for sale.
Jews, yeah.  Investors.
The contracts?  That's the easy part. Finding the money to buy the company, that's hard.
Get the contracts and I'm sure you'll do very well.  In fact the worse things get the better you'll do.  It was a "pleasure."
I think most people right now have other priorities.
Once the war ends, forget it, but for now it's great, you could make a fortune. Don't you think?
Simple engineering, though, wouldn't you think?  Change the machines around, whatever you do, you could make other things, couldn't you?
I was just the accountant.
Of course he's stealing from me, we're in business together.  What is this?  I'm sitting here, suddenly everybody's talking like this is something bad.  We take from each other, we take from the Army, everybody uses everybody, it works out, everybody's happy.
He's stealing from you, Oskar.
There's taking money and there's taking money, you know that.  He's taking money.
What's he done that's so bad - take money? That's a crime?  Come on, what are we here for, to fight a war?  We're here to make money, all of us.
He was a metal press operator, quite skilled.
A one-armed machinist, Oskar?
No.
Would it do any good?
File a grievance with the Economic Office, it's your right.
I lost a day of production.  I lost a worker.  I expect to be compensated.
It's got nothing to do with reality, Oskar, I know it and you know it, it's a matter of national priority to these guys.  It's got a ritual significance to them, Jews shoveling snow.
That doesn't work, sir.
We're going to bring her in. Hide her out for a coupla days. And we're issuing a campus lock-in this evening. No one is allowed out after dark.
What now?
No, we got pressure from California State. The man practically has clemency. We can't run the risk of falsely accusing him. He has to be standing over the victim with knife in hand before we make a move.
Can't we hold him?
37 usages of Himbry  located in the registar's office. 9 Tatum's, 47 Riley's. And that's just on campus. It's hopeless.
How's the name search going?
Thanks, Dewey, but I was thinking I'd pull Jesse off...
I can do it, Captain.
We're aware of that.
The killer was trying to get to her. That sorority girl was a distraction.
We know that, son.
On national television.
I would say we are now officially baffled.
Broad daylight, a crowded movie theatre. This is too much fun for one person.
You're sure about this two person thing?
They've broken their pattern.
He's broken his pattern.
Find me every variation of Himbry and what was the other name...
Jesus Christ. Captain Tyler flies out of his seat and into action.
The first two were stabbed without thought. The sorority girl was gutted with autopsy precision.
We don't know if it's random. We haven't been able to connect the victims.
Take the neighborhood.
Attic, garage, basement, nothing.
Have you checked the...
Okay, okay. I'll call now. I'll call you back.
...campus security...send someone...check out...place...
I'm losing you.
Hang up...call...
What? I can't hear you...
Don't do that. Hang up...call...
That's smart.
Outside.
I can't believe you're alone in that house.
Stop it...
Kill, kill, kill, kill, hah, hah, hah, hah...
Where?
I heard a noise.
What is it?
Shit.
It's hell week. Chill. The movie murders have brought out the crazies. It's nothing.
No, some creep asshole trying to scare me.
Alright, alright...I'll call you back.
Don't. Think Bailey.
I won't.
That shit. He only calls you when he's drunk. Don't go over there.
No, he quit - the whole God thing--he has issues. The previews for next week...
thought he was doing AA.
No, they broke up again. Bailey won't stop drinking and Sarah can't take it anymore.
Don't forget to set the alarm.
WHAAAATT?
No, it's me.
Hello? Ted?
I'm impatient. Look, do you wanna leave a message for someone?
I'm inquisitive.
Why do you always answer a question with a question?
Why would you wanna do that?
What if I said goodbye?
What if I said you?
"Drink with your brain." That's our motto. Who are you calling for?
That's too bad.
I'm designated driver. I have to be here in case a sister calls and needs a ride.
Why aren't you there?
We're co-sponsoring the Acid Rain mixer at the Sig Ep. house tonight.
Where is everybody?
Who do you want to speak with? Nobody's here.
That's okay.
Oh, I'm sorry. My bad.  I thought you were someone else.
Ted? Where are you? Are you drinking? Hold on.
Someone who wants to talk to you.
Cici. Who's this?
Who is this?
Yes.
I'll go. I don't mind. Really.
Tina, it's Dawnie. I'm  on my way. Cici follows her back into the living room.
Just some asshole trying to scare me.
I had to change. Did anyone call?
I thought you were going to the mixer?
I live here.
Jesus, you scared me. What are you doing here?
Not until youre dead.
Its over, Cotton.
I get my revenge and make some fast cash.
Please, Cotton, dont do this.
Its perfect, Sidney. No one will ever suspect me. I have proof. Im the victim.
You're a self-obsessed little cunt like your mother.
What?
It helped me realize one thing.
Did it?
I just thought if I saw you face to face, maybe it would help.
Cotton, there isn't one day, one hour, one minute when I'm not reminded of what I've done. I have not had one second of reprieve and no therapy or religion or spiritual plane can ever erase what I feel in every vein of my being. And I wish I had in me what you need to hear but I don't think the words exist.
I wish it was just a year. I lost everything because of you. I have nothing now. Look at me, this is what I've become. A long silence. Sidney is hanging on by threads.
How? What could I say that would make a difference? I took away a year of your life--how do I apologize for that?
You wrote me a letter. Very cordial. Very appropriate.
I did that.
You could start with an apology.
What do you want from me, Cotton?
Look, yesterday wasn't my idea. That was all Gale and dollar signs and ratings.
I don't think that's a good idea.
Can we talk?
Cotton.
Gale, I don't know what I'm doing from one moment to the next. I'm just taking it as it comes.
Don't do anything stupid, Cotton. You've come to far.
You've done nothing but get rich off of me. How many books have you sold, Gale? You think I don't understand points and royalties and ancilliary rights?
Cotton, I've done nothing but help you.
No, Gale, I don't have any rights. You made sure of that.
You have a right to be angry.
Now, Gale, you were so instrumental in my freedom. You're not having character doubts now, are you?
Did you do it?
You know the story, Gale. Man falsely accused, sent to prison, proved innocent, released back into the real world and never trusted again. Want the exclusive?
Enter Cotton Weary.
But youll never get away with it.
Finish what my son started.
What are you going to do?
Where do you think he got it? Mental illness is heriditary. Who do you think incouraged him to kill your mother? He was a smart kid but children need parental guidance.
Jesus, youre just as whacked as your son.
Youre all in this together?
I couldnt believe you didnt recognize me. You even interviewed me for your book.
Look, I know you kinda hold me up as your career template and it gives you some anal charge to challenge me but you win. Okay? I'm not interested in the scoop anymore. Excuse me.
Parents are always responsible. It all starts in the home.
No, I don't.
Already did. He's the perfect suspect, don't you think?
Why don't you ask them?
And are the police sure about that?
Home--where he lives.
Where is Sidney's father?
Tons and tons.
Hi, Gale, any leads?
Good for you.
I took your vulture seminar seminar at Berkeley last year.
Do I know you? You look familiar.
And much richer as a result.
Well, you know I'm dear to the subject matter.
What are you doing here? I thought you had retired from field reporting?
Fair enough.
Job hazard. Debbie Salt, stringer-- NEWSWEEK. Answer a few questions?
Look, I'm sorry about the face.
You freakin?
Yeah.
No way.
She dumped me.
Where's Sid?
Not one bit.
Are they aware of your not so positive portrayal of Greek life?
Definitely Whitney.
"And I hope life treats you kind and I hope you have all you dreamed of offffff. I wish you JOYYY."
I think he's doing Dolly.
Should we be worried about this guy? Isn't it kinda weird he just showed up and now people are dying?
I could use some therapy.
I WAS A SORORITY SLUT.
What's your subject?
My documentary is due on Tuesday.
Hey, it's cool. Hallie's into it, I'm into Hallie...
How do you put up with this Greek shit?
But nobody wants to see that. Itll never go. Theyll rewrite you. You dont want that.
Yeah, were trying to send a message to Hollywood. Im really getting tired of all the happy endings. Its just not reality. In the real world the good guys die, the innocent are punished, and the murderers inherit the earth.
Youre not going to get away with this.
Poor Cotton, could life be a little more cruel?
Good question. You took the bait.
Why?
Thats quick.
No. This is a set up.
Go on, untie him.
Then I'll make this easy for you. I like you. I'm crazy about you, Sid. But I'm gonna stay away. Until you say otherwise.
It's not you, Derek. I don't trust myself. I tend to make big selection errors when it comes to men.
I don't really know what happened in Woodsboro, Sid. But I know you don't trust me.
No, it's not.
I had the four o'clock shift. You weren't there. You had us worried. Is everything okay?
It's under control.
What about your film? Isn't it due next week? Have you even started it?
Let us decide that.
My screwed up life shouldn't have to bleed onto my friends.
I think it's out of your control.
This is exactly what I don't want.
I'll get my jacket.
Lemme take you home.
The forbidden subject.
About what?
I'm sorry honey. I got behind.
Where have you been'? You missed my shining moment. I won the macaroni sundae binge.
Sid, you don't have to.
It's okay. I can peddle toilet paper.
Don't ask what you can do. No coddling. Life rolls on status quo.
I'm sorry, baby. What can I do'?
I skipped. Too many "That's her" looks.
How are you? You weren't in class. I called as soon as I heard...
Tuitions expensive.
We had to have financing.
Tails.
Oh yeah.  We figure the one of us that actually kills you will get a little more press. Its been an ongoing discussion.  Heads or tails?
Wait a sec, Derek. We forgot to flip.
Just for you, Sid.
We have a surprise guest star waiting in the wings.
Or it found us.
So we found a compromise.
And we didnt want to do that, Sid. We wanted to give you your moneys worth.
..so we had to be different but yet the same because if you venture to far away from your orginal story you completely alienate the audience...
Yeah, we really had our work cut out for us. It really is the curse of the sequel. The Billy/Stu things been done.
A twist ending if you will.
Hope youre ready, Sid. We got one last surprise for you.
And now, drum roll please...
Were hoping for the death penalty. I have this whole DEAD MAN WALKING swan song exit planned.
A verdict and premiere all on the same day. I love it.
The way I see it. Well be arrested. Go to prison. Cash in on the home footage. Secure a book deal. If all goes as planned, our trial should coincide with the release of STAB II.
Of course not. Who wants to? Whats the point if we dont get caught? Wheres the glamour in that?
Until now.
Youre the one who got away.
Youd me amazed at how many of us there are out there. Its a whole world, Sid. Youre really popular amongst the demented.
We have our own website now. We dedicated a whole page to you.
I read her postings on the horror movie chat boards and fell hopelessly. Hook, line...
He sent me the cutest e-mail.
I find his work overwrought.
He hates Oliver Stone.
I really dont like that comparison, honey.
Ever see NATURAL BORN KILLERS? Well, Derek and I have this whole Mickey/Mallory-Woody Harrelson/Juliette Lewis thing going on.
Yeah, how can we help? Do you have any questions regarding the sequel of your life?
Yeah, you look quizzical yet pensive.
I got it..
Need some help, honey.
Aren't most serial killers seemingly harmless?
He seemed harmless.
Randy somebody.
What guy?
She's got guards with her.
I didn't say she was alone. That guy-- from her home town showed up. They went off together.
You weren't supposed to leave her alone.
Damned if I know. She ditched me.
Where's Sid?
And watch her til 8:00--I've got to edit.
So you'll relieve me at 2:30...
Two.
There's nothing. I'm coming down.
Dewey?
No, wait here.
Let's go.
He filmed his victims.
Jesus Christ!
C'mon. Let's go.
Maybe they never got here. He could have taken her anywhere.
Over here.
This is all too familiar.
Let's find out.
Ssshh! What was that?
Hallie?
Shit! It's both of them. The first murders were to throw us - using the same names as Woodsboro. But they've moved on- -they're getting closer to Sidney. They're not looking for a Himbry or a Tatum to kill. They're looking for the new Tatum.
The sorority girl was gutted with autopsy precision.
And Joel's pre-med.
They're roomates.
We'd break some furniture.
..and as lonely as I am...
Maybe not. But think about the sex. As frustrated as I am...
Dewey, you and I would never make it.
And it's sexier in the dark.
That's not the way it's done.
Can we turn the light on?
A bloody knife. A ghost mask. Something like that?
What are we looking for?
You broke my heart.
Billy had alibis too.
Solid alibis. He was with Sidney when she was attacked.
He's already gotta be a part of Sid's life. What do you know about this Derek?
Meaning?
If you were truly a copycat, wouldn't you want to emulate everything about the killer that you could?
Not good.
Not good. How you doin?
I also know that you're an aging TV reporter slash writer who, despite huge tabloid success, has some self worth issues regarding your personal life which directly effects your professional life in a non-positive manner. A coupla failed relationships with--I'm guessing balding, older men--have turned you into this bitch with a cell phone. But I bet sometimes, late at night, when you're all alone a sadness seeps to the surface and in a moment of clarity you know that all you really want is to be touched and held and fondled.
Yeah?
I know that.
And deep down I'm a good person? Make no mistake, Dewey, I'm a shit.
I think you're all an act.
You're a hard one to figure out. GALE It's that complex yet shallow quality. It's deliberate.
Mood swing. I'm manic depressive.
So what made you change your mind about Sidney?
No, I'm the one who's sorry. I misjudged you. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some oozing to do.
I'm sorry. I don't know what else to say except I'm sorry.
How do you know my dim-witted inexperience isn't merely a subtle form of manipulation used to lower people's expectations thereby enhancing my ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation?
I never meant to imply...
Page 41. "Deputy Dewey oozed with inexperience."
You have every right to be upset.
No, what you are is a money hungry, fame- seeking liar and--forgive me for saying-- mediocre writer who has a cold storage shed where her heart should be.
Oh Dewey, I'm sorry.
Page 32. "Deputy Dewey filled the room with his dim-witted Barney Fifish presence." I think you've explained yourself.
And an explanation is, of course, out of the question.
Yes, I do retain reading skills. Shock.
I see you read the book.
Yes, Miss Weathers, your name is embedded clearly between my ears.
I'm on crowd patrol, Miss Weathers, excuse me.
I've been trying to reach you but you haven't returned...
Miss Weathers.
Hello, Dwight.
Whatever.
Hey, I got stuff to do. But I'll find you later, okay.
Humor me, Sid.
Dewey, there's no such place.
The police are waiting outside. They're going to take you somewhere safe.
No. This is nothing, Dewey. I'll be okay. Go back to work and let me get back to my quasi pseudo-happy existence.
Just in case...
Dewey, I'm completely equipped with mace, alarm whistle, keyring, knife, a degree in defensive combat...
Don't worry...
You go, it's all stairs, I can take it from here.
No. I will not crawl under a rock. This is a fucked-up world and people kill people all the time. I'll just get used to it.
Look, Sid, why don't you take off? Disappear for a few days. I'll come with you.
Yeah, right.
As of now, they don't see any relation. But they're checking it out. The state, Special Task Force, FBI--they're all here. They'll find the guy.
It's a copycat killer I knew this would happen. That fucking movie.
They don't know. It was carefully planned. Earlier in the day the victims received anonymous passes to the movie.
Oh my God. How could it happen?
They thought it was a publicity stunt.
Three hundred people watched? Nobody did anything?
Watch your back.
No, wait...
No, Gale, I'm just getting started. Seeya soon.
You're getting obvious.
You are writing another book, aren't you? That's why you're here. The story's not over.
What do you mean?
It's what you want from me.
What do you want from me?
Stay away from the cop.
Oh--a God complex
I'm everywhere.
Where are you?
You're pretty when you're angry.
What do you want?
What if your life depended on it?
I don't play games.
That's not the way we play the game.
Who are you?
I'll give you one guess.
Who is this?
Oh my God.
What?
But who would operate your camera?
Sid, I'll come with you.
My morn was a Delta.
It's good to see you involved.
It's hell week. I'm pledging the Deltas.
It seems to be causing a stir. What's with the toilet paper?
Yeah, well...you are the definition of mixed emotions. I really should hate you... I see your movie's getting good reviews.
I'm sorry.
I'm okay. PEOPLE magazine won't stop calling but other than that...
Sidney. Hello. How are you?
The safety what? Fuck that!
Stay under the safety light. Help is on its way.
I dont know.
Where is your attacker?
Yes, goddammit!
Are you in danger now?
Someones trying to kill me. I need the police.
But I love you. And I want the whole world to know it.
You're going to get it. You know what happens.
"And IIIIIIIIIYEIIIII will always love you OOOOOOWUOOOOOOOO will always love you."
Don't do this.
"If I should stay. I would only be in your way. So I'll go. And yet, I know, I'll think of you each step of the way...
What?
I got a surprise for you.
Is Sid in therapy?
He tried to kill her first.
Too bad.
Sig Ep's gotta band, tonight.
Shut up. Mickey, you and I can take her late evening.
I have to watch rehearsal.
I have rehearsal.
I got. I got it. FRIDAY THE 13TH, PART 20.
Lucas and his Romper Room stage.
You fucking freaked out movie nut psychos..
Oh, Sid, youre sounding desparate. I guess fearing death makes one anxious.
It's not a good idea, Hallie.
I'm the only one who can cut him down.
No, Hallie, I'm not gonna take you down too. I'll be alright.
Can I come with her?
I'd really just like to be alone.
It's okay to break, girl. You shatter if you have to.
No, no, I hadn't planned on going, it's just Mickey will be pissed.
No, Hallie, not tonight. Parties and mass murderers don't go together. Trust me.
We're missing the Sig Ep party.
I've got my entourage. Take a break. Please.
No, girletta, I don't leave your side.
It's okay. Look, Hallie, I'll meet you outside.
Who is that guy?
Yeah, right.
That was good.
I'll cover you through rehearsal. Derek when do you get outta docu- drama?
Gotta.
What about rehearsal?
Please, I have the perfect excuse.
Okay, you're sure about skipping Calculas?
Nah...I think it'll die off. It's opening weekend. Let's see how it goes.
Time to change numbers again?
Hello?  Hello?
Knock yourself out.
The knife slices into Maureen again...then again. The theatre audience is starting to take note as the Ghost keeps slashing at her repeatedly with the knife. A horrifying, sickening sight.
The young girl is slashed again.
Popcorn flies as Maureen falls forward, into the aisle, clutching her bloody stomach. She's speechless, unable to SCREAM. She holds her bloody hand out for all to see, begging for help. She stumbles down the aisle. Someone YELLS "Sit down." Maureen turns to several PEOPLE who begin to react. She turns behind her to see the Ghost Face coming at her again...knife raised.
The young girl, clutching her bloody chest...drags herself, crawling across wet grass...the killer behind her...raising his knife again.
Maureen looks at Phil, confused...as if seeing for the first time...IT'S NOT PHIL. She pulls away when, the Ghost-masked Figure grabs her with one hand, the other one clutching the hunting knife. Maureen sees it, her mouth billowing forth a LOUD SCREAM That is matched by the entire audience as they SCREAM at the screen.
The Ghost advances on the young girl, grabbing her, pulling her to him, raising high a long, hunting knife. The young girl is helpless...
Everyone in the theater is SCREAMING. Maureen tries her best to detach herself from the movie. She eats her popcorn.
The young girl runs by a window. She looks in. A GHOST MASKED KILLER stares back. The Figure CRASHES through the window attacking her. She fights him off, getting away, running...
The crowd is really with the movie. Some even talk to the screen. "You dumb bitch. Get out of the house." etc.
A patio chair comes flying through a glass door. The young girl in the movie tears off running, SCREAMING, flying through the room.
It's documented. Most serial killers are attractive--slightly off white males in their twenties.
Easy black boy.
And white.
No, she killed her boyfriend. Randy was a friend. MICKEY Watch out, Derek.
Her old boyfriend?
Randy Meeks.  He was with Sid that night in Woodsboro.
Is that cool? Just to leave her like that?
I've been waiting for you, baby.
I counted four.
How many guys they have on you?
But...
Sid, I'll seeya tonight.
Guys, guys, I'm sorry but, no way.
Perfect. I'll be outta Micro-bio and we can grab a bite.
Thanks, Joel.
I'll stop by the Deltas tonight.
You're not allowed to ask that.
I gotta hit the library. Anatomy. Some of us have real majors. You gonna be okay, Sid?
This has nothing to do with me, Joel. There's an estimated 270 serial killers currently active in the US at any given time. I can't control that. Who's hungry?
Have they questioned you yet, Sid?
I just love being a sister.
..harmonica style is okay.
..it's really about family and tradition...
..we only promote safe rubbered sex.
It's all about sisterhood. Everybody thinks its about partying and blowjobs but...
We've set you each at a five dollar quota.
Ne ask that you sell individual squares of toilet paper for a mere nickel a piece.
..this week's TKE kegger...
Gee, let me think. "Do you want to..." Is that the best you can do? Some tired hand me down rehash? Hey, pal, no one's gonna write a book about you. No movie rights. Nothing. I've been through this before and much better I might add.
Do you want to die?
Closer than you think.
SHOWGIRLS. Absolutely frightening. What's yours? Wait, let me guess. THE HOUSE ON SORORITY ROW? FINAL EXAM. GRADUATION DAY? THE DORM THAT DRIPPED BLOOD? SPLATTER UNIVERSITY? Am I close?
What's your favorite scary movie?
What do you care? Let 'em have their fun. So, what's up?
But she's standing right next to you.
She's not here right now.
Gale?
Hello?
Sandra started without us. We can stay. He kisses her again, then breaks away.
We can still Sandra Bullock it.
I just have a hard time with insipid, sexist violence.
You gotta go with it. Scary movies are great foreplay.
I get scared really easy, okay.
Come on, baby. Lighten up a little, will ya?
You are so not funny.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry but I had to. It was too easy.
You ass.
I'm gonna pee. You want anything?
Shush.
Why doesn't she just hang up and call the police? Stupid..
Sssshhh. ON SCREEN The phone RINGS. The young girl pulls the shower curtain aside to reveal a robe hung on a hook. She grabs it, running from the bathroom, into the living room, grabbing the phone.
Now why does she have to be naked? How does that serve the plot?
Now.
But...
Take it off.
We got free tickets.
If we hurry, we can still catch the Sandra Bullock movie.
It'll be okay, baby, I'll hold your hand.
I hate scary movies.
Don't panic.
What was that?
Where you going?
I'll be right back.
He's after me.
What are you talking about?
Listen to me. We've got to get help. The Killer's here.
Sid? Jesus, where's Hallie? I've been here all night.
Anytime. Sorry it sucked. It just had that been there done that feeling.
Thanks for the movie, Randy.
I gotta coupla of those buttons myself.
I have this button I press. See? It insulates me. She mimes an air lock valve.
I'll relay it. You sure you don't wanna go home?
I guess Gale's going to be pissed she missed her exclusive.
If he's innocent he'll have an alibi.
Me, too. Randy. Me too.
Well, yeah...she gave me a job. Freelance. It got me outta Woodsboro. I'm sorry about Cotton and yesterday. It was a bad idea. I knew it was a bad idea but it seemed like a quasi harmless bad idea. Ah, shit, Sid, I'm fucked up. Sidney looks at him Long and hard, a smile slowly appearing.
Do you work for her now?
I'm sorry, Sid, please. I never should have gone along with Gale. I know I'm stupid. I wish I had some good reason to give you but I'm just stupid. Please, Sid, don't be mad at me.
What do you want?
No, the other one. The one who played his wife.
Melinda McGraw?
There's always someone out there stalking actors. Look at that woman from the Commish.
And that CICI chick wasn't that bad either but I'm really concerned about my safety now.
Oh that's right. Those poor poor people. God Ben Damon was such a hottie.
Nah I think it's doing so damn well because one of it's players got iced. I just hope none of us end up dead.
I think Jeff Bridges is getting tired.
Heh heh I bet they are babe. I bet they are. Look, my battery's dying . . .
I did. Hon, although I got a total of six minutes screen time, they're the best six minutes of the movie.
Oh I wouldn't miss it for the world. I bet you did such a great job.
All I'm saying is I'm gonna be royally p.o.'d if you don't catch my acting debut.
Look, I'm stuck on the freeway. I think there was some big accident. It could be a little while so I don't want you to start freaking if I don't get there at exactly,  Eight thirty.
No, Jennifer Love Hewitt. Of course it's me, silly. And I feel like an ass standing in this theater lobby all by myself. Where are you babe, the movie starts in twenty minutes.
Reaction to what?
To see your reaction.
Alright I'm here. What the fuck do you want from me?
Closer than you think.
Where are you?
Very good. You follow directions well. Now for the final part of the game. Put down the bat and approach the sign, slowly.
Yeah.
No! You listen to me, if you're not where I want you in fifteen minutes I'll hollow her out. Do you understand?
I swear to God if you lay one hand on her!
You're not playing by the rules Ben. Don't you want her to live?
Good bye Ben.
What?!
That's right. And you beat ROUND 1. Now we're taking the game to a whole new level.  Meet me beneath the Hollywood sign in ten minutes. I'll have your girlfriend. We'll be waiting.
What?! But I did everything you said to do!
Very good. Now we play ROUND 2.
It's CICI! Cici's the name of the character she plays in the movie!
Maybe so, but right now, we play the game. First question, Your girlfriend's counting on you, Name your girlfriend's character in STAB 2?
I swear to God if you lay a finger on her I'll fucking kill you!
You seem to be familiar with the STAB movies. Here's how we play. I ask you a question. You get it right, your girlfriend lives. You answer wrong, she dies.
What kind of a game?
More of a game really.
Listen you sick fuck, is this your idea of a joke?
I mean, I'm standing right outside the LADIES ROOM door at the PLAZA THEATER. Your girlfriend Christine is in there.  She's all alone. Everyone's in the auditorium waiting for the film to start.  I've got my knife.
What do you mean?
Now let's see you act your way out of this one.
Thanks.
Really? You're such a talented actor.
Well ya got me. That's me. I'm Ben Damon.
You almost sound like that guy from THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT CARRIE. Ben. Ben Damon.
But your voice sounds so familiar.
Asshole, Can't talk.
Wait, wait. Don't hang up.
Uh-huh. Look bro, my battery is running out. Really wish I could chat, but I can't so, later.
Do I?
I think you got the wrong number, buddy.
I don't know.
Well what number are you trying to reach?
Who is this?
Who is this?
Hello.
Jesus.  Hello?
Horror flicks. B-Movies from Milton's heyday.
What are these movies? 'Amazombies', 'Space Psychos' 'Creatures from theSan Andreas Fault'?
Well you'll find neither. Rina Reynolds, however, You will.
It may be Maureen Reynolds --
I know every face in here, respect for the unknown actor I suppose, myself included. If you're looking for Maureen Prescott --
Well if you won't work for me, will you work for the president?
Listen, I'm busy. Nobody has access to those files except studio execs. Can you please go away now?
Well can you tell me if the woman in this picture looks familiar to you.
Nope.
Does the name Maureen Prescott sound familiar to you?
I don't watch TV and I hate books. Whatta you need?
I'm Gale Weathers, author of the Woodsboro and Windsor College murders, and anchorwoman for TOTAL ENTERTAINMENT. Maybe you've heard of me?
Can I help you?
Alright, calm down. I'm going to radio in for backup right now.
He killed Milton! The killer's  inside there! Oh God!  DEWEY! Dewey's in there too! He needs medical help! He's hurt!
Jesus Gale what happened?
Wrong, this issue is Sidney Prescott!  And either Mr. Riley is going to obstruct justice or is going to put me in touch with her.  So, where is she?
Boys, boys, why don't we compare our gun calibers later?  The issue is Maureen Prescott!
Actually, there was more this time. This time, we found a picture too.
OK, look.  We all know that this has something to do with 'Stab 3'.  What we do not know is why the killer keeps leaving articles about Maureen Prescott.
Ben Damon. Christine Perkins. Sarah Darling. Tom Prinze. That's four, last time I learned how to count.
Four? There are five.
Yeah, but, if I'm not mistaken, you said in your book that Sidney got it wrong before. She accused Cotton Weary of murdering her mother, and he was sent away for it!  Maybe there is a third killer.  Sidney Might know something
But we know who killed Maureen Prescott, Billy Loomis and Stu Macher.  I mean, they even told Sidney how they did it!
Whoever it is, now is taking credit for Maureen Prescott's murder.
Deal, but I'm still Detective Kincaid,ok?
Please, call me Gale.
In my fifteen years as a homicide detective I've never met a single soul as pushy and brazen as you are Miss Weathers.
But you won't. You're a good man detective. We think alike. I know you need my help. And I know you know I need your help.
I'm not at liberty to tell you that Miss Weathers. You're no longer working with the L.A.P.D. I don't even know why you're standing in here right now. By all means I should have you thrown out.
Who?
Yes well we have a suspect, so don't get that worried.
Shit. Sarah Darling.  I interviewed her too. God, it's happening again isn't it Detective?
That's STAB 3, Miss Weathers. It looks like we're going to be getting a warrant to speak with Miss Prescott anyway.
Look, Miss Weathers, if there's a problem, give me a call. Here's my card. I'm always there.
Oh. I thought you wanted me to stick around.
I go to the police station and do my job, and you go back to being Gale Weathers.
Alright Kincaid, no where to?
And who would that be?
I'd love to help, really I wouldn't mind being sliced at again by a maniacal psychopath, but I honestly don't know where Sidney is. After Windsor she dropped off the face of the Earth. The only other person that might know is, , not going to talk.
I've tried to get in touch with Sidney Prescott, but she's keeping herself very well hidden. You're my one and only hope in finding her. Her life may be in grave danger.
There's more.
That's Sidney Prescott's mother.
A note?
I wish that was all Miss Weathers, but there's more. The killer left a note.
So is that why you're here? Is that why you're holding me from my show, to tell me about some brutal homicide I'm not even involved in?
Both of them were found brutally murdered this morning under the Hollywood sign. Autopsy reports having come back to me yet but the bodies looked like something out one of the Stab films.
Well I interviewed Damon once for the show. He was a real obnoxious fuck. Any way, the second one, Christine Perkins, she had a part in Stab 2, didn't she? She was playing CICI.
I'm sorry Miss Weathers. Allow me to introduce myself, MARK KINCAID, L.A.P.D.  Are you familiar with the actor Ben Damon, or the actress CHRISTINE PERKINS?
Jesus Christ you scared the shit out of me.
Catch him, or kill him.
Oh yeah, how?
Because, that means that we're dealing with an ordinary, flesh and blood killer.  And I know how to handle guys like that.
How is that good news?
Here's the deal, I'm off to search the soundstage. That's good news.
I used to think I had the perfect mom, perfect family.  Till I found out I was wrong.  She had a secret life, and I tried to understand that, and soon as I thought I had, more secrets.  I don't' know who my mom was.  Sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about my mother for the first time. You know, with TV and those movies and what not. God sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about myself for the first time. Like I'm watching my life instead of living in it.
What did you know about your mother?
Hmm.
Can't arrest ghosts.  But the best way to stop being haunted is to be with people.  You're here, you're not hiding, you've done the right thing, Miss Prescott.
Ghosts are tough,  you can't shoot ghosts.
I know what it's like to see ghosts that don't Go away.  To be watching a scary movie in your head, whether you want to or not,  watching it alone.
What do you mean?
I'm a homicide detective, remember?  When you see what I see day in and day out, the violence that people do to each other, you get haunted. I think you know about that.
Excuse me?
To me Hollywood is about death.
Must be exciting, Beautiful place, beautiful people.
No, they tend to put me on the ones that deal with the business.  I grew up here, and I know my way around the studios.
Did you request this case?
All I know about movie trilogies is in the third one, all bets are off.
I'll call you Mark when you catch the killer, Detective.
Call me Mark, would you?  Cause I'm gonna keep calling you Sidney.
You seem to like movies, Detective.
You mean like, movie trilogies?
What do you know about trilogies?
Absolutely.
Are you sure?
Why didn't you tell me?  This is my mother, Dewey. Why didn't you say something?
The killer leaves a newspaper clipping at each murder, Sidney. Recently he's also left a photo of your mother.
Sid, get in my car. You're coming back to the station with me where it's safe.
And what made you think it was Sidney?
Jesus Christ Sidney, what happened? I got a call on my cell from home. They told me that someone was attacked.
No.
He could've monitored the calls on a scanner. Did you call her from the set?
Sidney, do you have any idea how he could've gotten your number?
What?  When?
The killer called her.
Nice to finally meet you, Sidney.
There's someone here who wants to help.
What Rielly?
Detective Kincaid?
Is that a threat?
When it's a threat, you'll know it.
Is that a threat, Detective?
Well Sid's dad couldn't help you and he was married to Maureen.
Who knows more about Maureen Prescott than her own daughter?
What does this have to do with Sid?
Before you jump to conclusions, the man in the picture, COTTON WEARY, is out of the country on business. His alibi checks out. Seems he's got a TV show in Australia, 100% COTTON. It's supposedly the biggest thing down under since Yahoo Serious, but that's besides the point.
Police are still searching through the debris. Could be days before we find her . . . that is, if she's even there.
What about Angelina Tyler? She was there too.
That is for me to decide.  I need to talk to her Mr. Riley, she is a key element in this case.  I have a press conference in an hour, and I need to explain why there are four dead celebrities.
I told you, I don't know where Sidney is. And even if there was a third killer, Sidney doesn't know about it.
Understood.  If you'll excuse me Detective.  Gale.
That's fine Mr. Rielly, but if anyone else should die, I'm going to have to get a warrant.
Yeah. A real tragedy.
Mr. Rielly? My name is Mark Kincaid. I'm with the L.A.P.D. Are you aware	of last night's Events?
He wasn't superhuman Dewey. He wasn't superhuman at all.
Watch out Sid. Randy said the killer's always superhuman.
DEWEY! IT'S GALE!
Don't worry Sid I'd never leave you like that.
Dewey my God I thought you were dead.
Sid I want you to stay here! I'll be right back! I'm not gonna let them get Gale!
They've got her!
Where's Gale?
I'm out back. Tied up. Hurry Sid! The killer's looking for you! Quick untie me!
Where are you Dewey?
Sid I can see you!
Dewey?! OHMIGOD! Where are you?!
Help me Sid! The killer's got me!
Yeah?
Jesus Christ Dewey help me! They tried to kill me in the bathroom! The killers!
Don't worry, I've got a permit for it.
No I'll be ok. I've got my mace. My knife.  These two lethal weapons.
Do you want me to come with you Sid? I mean, remember what Randy said?
Listen Dewey I have to go to the bathroom.
No.
I can see nothing's changed.
She was Randy's only girlfriend . . . ever.
Karen Colcheck. From Woodsboro.
Mm, what a waste of Silicone.  What does my mother have to do with this all Dewey? We're a long way from Woodsboro.
Alright Sid, over there is the STAB 3 Production offices. That's where Sarah Darling was murdered last night.
Listen, Detective, I wanna see this studio where all this shit's going down.
I was afraid they were bait, something to, ya know,  trick you out of hiding.
Follow me.
I figured I'd be safe If I was at least up here with the people I care about.  Now where's this Kincaid guy the news is talking about? I found this place from a FOX 5 TV NEWS REPORT. Heh.
What?
Well it's not safe for me up there either. The killer found me Dewey. He called me last night.
What are you doing here? I told you to stay hidden! It's not safe for you up here.
Sure, why not. You did Save my life,Mr. Rielly.
Gale, I know this is a bad time and all but what if we try it out again. The whole relationship thing.
Who is it?
Paternity test results. Christ Dewey, you're never going to believe who Milton's kid is.
Nevermind, what'd you two find?
Sidney, what happened?
I work better alone.  Why don't you do some snooping around the set?
Do you want us to come with you?
I've got an idea, I'll hook up with you guys later.
Just Jennifer.  And you.
Has anyone else every used your phone?
Oh.  Yeah, I guess I do.
Do you have her number stored in your memory?  Phone memory!
Sid, this is detective Kincaid.
Thank you.
GALE BEHIND YOU!
What?
OH. OH GOD. GALE --
Amen boy scout, now answer the fucking door!
Don't worry. I'm prepared for anything.
Fuck!
Gale, your engine's still running.
Neither are you, Magnum P.I.
You're not a detective.
I happen to work for the police god dammit!
Stop following me.
I'm on duty.
Jennifer?! Wait, where are you going off to?
Jennifer needs me.
And who is that?
I've got my suspicions but still, nothing  you say can ever make me take my eyes off one person.
Right. Sorry.  Do you think he did it? 
What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand?
I'm sorry, this is too good!
I already removed it.  I think someone on the film was trying to find Sid, and that's the only reason I came here. To make do a little private investigating of my own and make sure no one here was planning anything.
Someone stole Sid's file?
The boys said no.  She wouldn't give her name. A month later, the station gets broken into, the file room ransacked.
And?
Two months ago, the Woodsboro police got a call from a woman who said she was with 'Stab 3'.  She wanted to see the file on Sid, for research.
Always.
Off the record.
All of what Dewey?  You do know something, don't you?
Brace yourself, Gale, all of this is actually not About you.
Dewey, you're not just here because of that second rate K-Mart, straight-to-video version of me, are you?
You used to say that was our strength.
It didn't work Dewey.  We tried,  we're different.
What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers? I liked her!
It was fucking '60 Minutes II'!  I couldn't say no!  I could've been the next Diane Sawyer!
So it's off to London for a week?  New York for a month? L.A Forever?
You said you'd never leave Woodsboro, 'The only place that's real!'  But now you're here. Not with me.  Dewey, I took care of you.  I waited until you were well.  I couldn't stay there, I mean, it's like dog years, one year in Woodsboro is like seven everywhere else.
What about me?
Again, I am the author of the definitive book on the Woodsboro murders.!  What about you?
Why would the police come to you?
Yes. Look, let's get something straight Dewey, I got into this shit cause the police came looking for ME. Not cause I'm out to make the SUNRISE STUDIOS SLASHINGS.
Do you really mean it this time Gale?
This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.
You mean OUR past as in Me and Sid. This has nothing to do with you Gale.
Uh-huh. Another News clipping. Another one about Sid's mom. Dewey, whether we like it  or not it looks like we're going to have to  go back into our past.
They found another note?
Show him.
What so you can just exploit her again with another book? Sid doesn't need you Gale.
Dewey, personal lives and pasts aside, this is about Sidney. We need to know where she is.
When we did the first 'Stab" I realized I'd known Maureen Prescott before, I mean as Rina. I couldn't tell anyone.  Can you imagine the press?
But you know who she was.
What the hell are you guys getting at?  I make horror films, that's what I do.  The Studio came to me with 'Stab'.  They came to me, check it out.
I remember her!  She was a bit player in a couple of my movies. A nobody! So what does it matter?
No point, I'm just gonna give Detective Kincaid a call.
What's your point?
Just what the hell do you people think you're doing, barging in here like this? I've got important calls to make. I run this studio.
So you knew Sidney Prescott's mother.
Sure.
Would you excuse me for a moment?
Well if you were in my shoes, dealing with those big Time Sunrise Studio producers like I do on a daily basis, you'd watch how quick your life goes from a Walt Disney picture to a Tobe Hooper flick.
Your life?
Honestly, my life.
Roman, from your enthusiasm it certainly seems that way.  Honestly though,  tell us, what's	your favorite scary movie?
Well it's a honor to be here amongst so many fans of the genre. And I must say that any of you worried that Jerry Rapp, or Tori or David not returning to complete the STAB trilogy, have no fear, Roman is here. Aided with my excellent cast of newcomers I believe we're going to pull off one of the best Stabs yet.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Roman.
Good morning Gale. Pleasure to be here.
Do you get any of my witty humor? I mean, you did play me for three movies.  His two hands, dingus.
Rob Reiner and Quentin Tarentino?
Milton's not a killer. He's a pervert. He probably went out to buy more KY JELLY for his jack -off parties he has with his two best friends.
I think Milton's the killer. I think he just went out to kill another cast member.
Settle down Beavis.  Why don't you tell us the truth?
Oh, Come on!  You have made millions off the story of her murder.  You're obsessed with HER and you're obsessed with her DAUGHTER!
Good twist.
Nobody said she was an actor.
Bitch.
Oh I wish I got that one on tape. It'd put a smile on my face everytime I'm down.
Look who's talking Moneybags. You got more homes than I do.
Really, you know you'd make a fascinating interview. Lifestyles of the Rich and Psychotic.
Basements creep me out.
Gale Weathers would find a way. 
Possibly.
There a story in that building?
No really?
Need to get in that building?
Ha. Maybe I should join SNL.
That's funny.
And as a sane person.  For you that must be quite a stretch.
You know in the movies, I play you as being much smarter.
None.
Here's how I see it.  I've got no house, no movie, no gun, and I'm being stalked.  Because someone wants to kill me?  No, because someone wants to kill you. So now, starting now, I go where you go.  That way, if someone wants to kill me, I'll be with you, and since they really want to kill you, they won't kill me, they'll kill you.  Make sense?
I am Gale Weathers!
Being Gale Weathers.  What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
Geez.
No! He's not dead! He's still breathing! Look!
God damn it you two! Run! Hurry! He's dead!
I dunno but I can tell you that your's will be the home video footage of me sticking my foot up your ass! Now come out and fight like a real man you pussy!
What's your favorite scary movie Gale?
Listen you sick bastard, what the fuck do you want?
Oh shit it's my cell!
Who's phone?
I don't know. Screw them. Look, what's important is that we stick together. No matter what. If anyone is next it's you or me Jen.
Shit! Where the hell are Tom and Angelina?
Still that was a much better movie, I saw it at the premiere last week. God, what the hell am I getting sidetracked with this shit for?! We've gotta get down to business.
I know right. It was kinda weak. That's cause Will Kennison only wrote a rough treatment of it. The script was written by some new guy. He wrote Arlington Street.
AND I DIE NAKED?!  UGH! This is complete bullshit. Who wrote this piece of crap?
Wait a second, whoa! Calm down! Number one there were five different versions of the script given out. Ben Damon was given a fake script because he was only being offered the role. It only had fragments of real scenes from the actual script. And what, I die in STAB 3?
God damn you Gale Weathers! Don't you see? The killer is choosing  his victims as they die in the script! Ben Damon's character was the first one to get offed. So was his girlfriend - but she wasn't cast yet so his real girlfriend was killed - then Sarah Darling's Candy, and now me!
Dewey, what the hell is she rambling about now? What's wrong Jen, see yourself on one of those USA NETWORK winners you did and realize how badly you suck at acting?
You! How can I ever get any fame playing you!
I'm saying things got out of hand.  Maybe they did take advantage of her!.  Maybe the sad truth is, this is not the city for innocence.  No charges were brought.  And the bottom line is, Rina Reynolds wouldn't play by the rules.  You wanna get ahead in Hollywood, you gotta play the game, or go home.
Are you saying she was-
It was in the 70's, everything was different. I was well known for my parties, Rina knew what they were. It was for girls like her to meet men, men who could get them parts, if they made the right impression.  Nothing happened to her that she didn't invite, in one way or another, no matter what she said afterwards.
Well how would you like his rotten carcass dug up and drug all over National TV? Why don't you start talking.
Now you listen to me, Lois Lane, let it go. It's dead and buried. Daddy took ol' Yeller out behind the barn and shot him in the head a long time ago.
I don't think so!  Just what happened to Maureen when she was in Hollywood?
Yeah.
Just because you knew her?
Get real, that would make me a suspect!
And now? I mean, murders on your set and still you say nothing?
Who?
Answer the question. You knew Sidney's mom?
They're the ones who approved it.
Listen Lois Lane, I love your show and all but last month I happened to catch your little segment on me and how my wife left me because I'm a sex addict who enjoys screwing fifteen year old girls. It was a real eye opener my lawyers are still thinking about bringing to your superior's attentions.
Oh come on! Why the hostility?
Well then, I guess I'll be leaving then.
GALE WEATHERS?! What are you doing here? No press on the set!  No press, no press on set! Get that woman out of here.
Excuse me Detective, I think we have some business to attend to.
You mean what's left of us.  Yeah I'm running on empty anyways. Gotta refuel.
I think we should go inside. I have to have a talk with the cast. ALL OF YOU.
Really, cause that stunt lost me the lead role in Roman Polanski's latest picture. Huh, what a coincide I was picked up by Roman Bridger. Well, not exactly the Roman I wanted. Get my point? STAB 3 is bullshit. Fuck, because of your big mouth I'm here, drinking piss water SCOTCH with Second rate fucking celebrities like Jennifer Jollie and yourself!  Hey, I just got an idea. Maybe I should Have a look at your break line. That your car over there?
Heh, well, that's TV journalism for ya. Stage the news to boost ratings.
Hey I really liked that piece you did on me last month. The one where you said my car accident was caused by me drinking and drugs, and how I faked the tire blow-out just so my insurance wouldn't sky rocket.
Tom Prinze, tanked as usual. That's a shocker.
Gale Weathers. What a surprise.
GALE WATCHOUT!
Let's get out of here!
I know!
I know! He killed Kincaid!
Gale he's got Dewey!
What are you talking about?
We did some researching in the archives. Sid, something dawned on me when I wrote the book on your mother's murder. For two years of her life, 1969 up until 1971 she basically disappeared off the face of the Earth.
Who's this.
Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me! What are you doing here?
Oh, you know, the usual small talk, "What's new, how ya been, how do you want to die?"
What'd he say?
Hi, Gale. I'm glad you're all right.
Oh my God! Sidney, you ran fast or what?  Hey.
Roman knock it off! Do you people even know why you kill people? You kill people cause you choose to and not because of any other fucking reason!
See Sid, now comes the part where we get away with it! The part where we win! Cause face it Sidney, in this world, the bad guys win!
I can't take it anymore. This Hollywood exploitation of the nightmare I lived has to be stopped. I did this to make you all repent for your sins, and now I'm pleased I've got my message across. Good-bye.
Wait a second Sid. Don't you go jumping the gun. You haven't seen the best part.  With the aides of the computer revolution of y2kI've been able to steal your voice.  Ain't it cool? Listen to what the police are gonna find next to your lifeless, mutilated body.
Listen, I have no time for this. I've heard this shit before! So lets get on with it!
Oh my God, Angie Crick? From English class?
I'm a director Sid, I direct. For example, Angelina over there,  She's my partner. I can convince her to do anything.  We've been dating since I met her in Woodsboro.
All the nightmares. All the hell I went through was because of you, you spineless bastard!
Roman Bridger, director. And brother.  She slammed the door in my face, Sid. Said I was Rina's child and Rina was dead. And it struck me, what a good idea! So I watched her, made a little home movie, a little family film. Seems Maureen, mom, really got around. I mean, Cotton Weary was one thing, everybody knew about that, but Billy's father, that was the key! Your boyfriend didn't like seeing his daddy in my movies. Didn't like it at all. And once I supplied the motive, all the kid needed was a few pointers. Have a partner to sell out in case you get caught, find someone to frame, it was like her was making a movie.
My movie.
What?  What movie?
It's not just a new script, it's a new movie.
Has there been another goddamn rewrite? How  the fuck are we supposed to learn our lines when there's a new script every 15 minutes?
It is in my script.
Roman that's not the line.
It's Sarah.
I'm hanging up right now.
But you know my favorite name?
Whatever.  Come on, who is this?  I think you have the wrong number.
Why don't we just read the scene?  Candy, is that like candy cane or candy apple?
This is Candy.  Hang on, let me get some clothes. See!  I don't' understand why I have to start the scene in the shower!  The whole shower things been done, 'Vertigo' hello!  And I mean, my boyfriend just died, why am I showering?
Who's this?
Who's this?
Hello.
Page 22..  Ring ring.  Hello?
Page 22, Candy's big moment.
Huh, fine.
Um hmm...  umhmm great, so let's run the lines.
I'm not happy that I'm 35 playing a 21 year old. I'm not happy that I have to die naked!  And I'm not happy that my character is too stupid not to have a gun in the house after her boyfriend's been cut into McNuggets.
You're not happy with your part.
What character?  I'm Candy, the chick who gets killed second.  I'm only in two scenes!
All right, since I got you on the phone, let's talk about your character.
Oh it's no problem, I'm just... looking at your   music video awards.
Sarah, it's Roman, I'm sorry I'm running late, I'm still on the 405, I'm about 10 minutes away.
Oh shit.  Hello? Director's office.
Damn. He called my roommate and told her he had some important things he wanted to go over with me in his office tonight.
No.
Make-up. You need it.  Hey, Roman isn't here?
Roman and everybody else went home for the night. I'm here for a make-up test.
I'm just saying, though. What if there's someone out there stalking actors? Huh? Then what?
Would you give that script a rest? It's like a friggen umbilical cord to you.
SCENE 32. INT. CANDY'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT. "What are you talking about Ricky, the murders were a completely isolated incident".
What are you talking about? The murders were a completely isolated incident.
And still the film is Number One at the box office this weekend. Beat out American Pasty and Arlington Street.
Goddamnit I am getting so fed up with these re-writes. It's like every five minutes there's a new script. God, and you just know this all because of STAB 2's script winding up on the internet two months after it wrapped shooting.
It's good to see you again Sidney. I was growing real impatient. Go ahead. Explore. I'll catch up with you later.
Alright I'm here, now show your  face so we can finish this.
I thought you wanted me here?
You're doing real good. Can't you figure it out? I wanna finish this where it all began. Woodsboro.
Alright, I'm here. Now what?
You follow directions good. Now let's wrap this production. Go to the Sunrise Studios backlot. I'll call you when you get there.
Yeah?
I'll call you, when you're on your way.
WHERE?
She'd have been so happy, Sidney, to know we'd be together.
Where?
I don't want them, I want you!  It's simple. You show yourself, they survive, you run, they die!
You're dead!
Are real?  How do you know you're not hearing things? How do you know I'm not someone in your head? Somewhere, you know.
How do I know their voices are --
Always hard being friends with you, Sidney. When you're friends with Sidney, you die! Well these friends don't have to, Sidney. It's up to you.
Go there.
Yes.
Don't do it!  If you do one thing to attract attention, one thing, I'll kill them both. Now, do you have somewhere we can be alone?
The question isn't who I am.  The question is, who's with me.
Who is this?
{ a click } I only her you too, Sidney.
Great. A spirited one. I'll be seeing you real soon Sidney. Real soon.
If you lay a hand on him I'll fucking kill you!
No. We play in my court this time. Come to Hollywood. STAB 3's going to cutting corners cast-wise.  And I've got my eyes set on a technical advisor named Dewey Rielly.
The final act? Well let's play asshole!
Heh. So you think Sidney. So you think. It's all been building up to this Sid. Every STAB. Every SCREAM. Every ounce of blood that's been spilled has all been leading up to this moment. WELCOME TOTHE FINAL ACT.
No. You didn't kill my mother. Billy Loomis and Stu Macher did.
Let them try. You'll never find me. I've already gotten away with murder before. For instance, Maureen Prescott.
You sick fuck I'm tracing this call as we speak! The police are gonna nail your ass!
I want to finish what I started. I want to finish the game.
W-what do you want?
Do you think it's over Sidney? Do you?
It's mother, Sidney, now be a good girl and turn on the news. DO IT!
Who the fuck is this?
Don't you want to know how you can help, Sidney?  Are you listening to me, huh?
I'm sorry, your voice.
No I need to call you. Just you.
Well then the people you need to call are the police.
Uh-huh I'm sure. I've killed someone! OH MY GOD I'VE ACTUALLY KILLED SOMEONE!
Are you sure?
Laura I think I just killed somebody.
Yes, hi I'm Laura, I'm a trained counselor. How can I help you.
Hello?
I can't... I'm bad off, Billy. You cut too deep.
FIND HER YOU DIPSHIT!
Where the fuck did she go?
I don't know Billy but I'm hurtin'.
Odds are -- she'll miss anyway.
She can't get both of us.
She looked dead. Still does.
I thought she was dead.
No, it's not.
It's on the table.
Get the gun. I'll untie Pops.
That's it, Billy. I can't take any more. I'm feeling woozy.
Everyone dies but us. We get to carry on and plan the sequel. Let's face it, these days -- you gotta have a sequel.
And then he killed you and then shoots himself in the head. It's a perfect ending.
Except for me and Billy... we were left for dead...
What if your father snapped? Your mom's anniversary set him off and he went on a murder spree, killing everyone...
Yeah...
Ready?
You know what time it is, Sid? It's after midnight. It's your mother's anniversary. We killed her exactly one year ago today.
This is the best part, Sid. Billy's got it all figured out. Why do you think we kept your father alive so long? Why did we save you for last?
That's right and now that you're no longer a virgin. You gotta die -- those are the rules.
Think about it. On the off chance I get caught -- a motive like that could divide a jury for years, don't you think?. You took my mother, so I took yours. Big sympathy factor. Maternal abandonment causes serious deviant behavior. It certainly fucked you up. It made you have sex with a psychopath.
And did they really ever explain why Hannibal Lecter liked to eat people? Don't think so. You see, it's scarier when there's no motive, Sid.
Nope.
Yeah, we just watched a few movies. Took a few notes. It was fun.
Tell that to Cotton Weary. You wouldn't believe how easy it was to frame him.
And if you get it right -- you die.
It's an easy game. We ask you a question. If you get it wrong -- you die.
You have to play, Sid. Don't want to disappoint your dad. He's been waiting around all night.
Oh yeah.
Where ya going? It's not over yet. We've got one more surprise -- Stu, I believe it's your turn.
I was hoping Sid and I could talk.
Dude. What are you doing here?
You know it.
You ready to party hard tonight?
Oh...
Because I'm trying to build your self-esteem. You're far too sensitive.
I was just asking. Why are you always at me?
Duh... that's quick.
So you gonna try and make up with Sid?
Thanks, butt wart. You did good.
Piece of cake. She'll be there.
How'd you do?
Sorry.
You open your mouth and stupidity pours out.
Owwww...
No one's saying you did.
I didn't kill anybody.
Sorry.
It's called tact, you fuckrag.
What? She asked.
We're gonna have to keep you, Billy. The governor's got SBI, FBI, and god knows who else on their way down here.
No, I didn't. I didn't kill anyone, Sheriff.
Did you ride past Casey Becker's house?
And last night? Sidney said you crawled through her window last night too?
Yes, sir.
You rode your bike out there?
I just wanted to see her, that's all.
Thank you, Hank. We're on it. What were you doing out at Sidney's tonight?
Gotta find me first, you pansy-assed Mama's boy.
I'm gonna rip you up bitch. Just like your slut whore mother.
Not so fast. We're gonna play a little game. It's called GUESS WHO JUST CALLED THE POLICE AND REPORTED YOUR SORRY MOTHERFUCKING ASS?
You bitch -- where the fuck are you?
Are you alone in the house?
Hello?
Got the ending figured out yet? Time's running out.
Stop it!
Jesus... fuck, that hurt.
We did your mom a favor, Sid. The woman was a slut bag whore who flashed her shit all over town like she was Sharon Stone or something.
I don't understand...
Why? WHY? Did you hear that, Stu? I think she wants a motive. Hmmm... I don't really believe in motives, Sid. I mean, did Norman Bates have a motive?
Why did you kill my mother?
We already played that game. You lost, remember?
Fuck you.
It's called GUESS HOW I'M GOING TO DIE!
It's okay. Give me the gun.
NO! Don't believe him.
I'm alright. Gotta... get... help.
I thought you were...
No, but if it were you, that would have been a very clever way to throw me off track. Using your one phone call to call me so I wouldn't think it was you.
You don't still think it was me?
Uh-huh.
Yeah... and when I called no one answered.
No, Sheriff Burke called your dad. I saw him.
I called my dad.
When you're arrested -- you're allowed one phone call? Who did you call?
What?
Who did you call?
Yeah... I think so.
Are you serious?
You heard me.
What?
Or even a good porno.
Sshh... it's okay.
Ssshh... everything's gonna be okay. I promise.
I wanna let go. I do...
Sure it is, Sid. It's all a movie. Life's one great big movie. Only you can't pick your genre.
But this is life. This isn't a movie.
Sure it does. It's like Jodie Foster in SILENCE OF THE LAMBS when she kept having flashbacks of her dead father.
Everytime I get close to you I see my mom. I know it doesn't make sense.
Oh Sidney...
I think in some weird analytical, psychological bullshit way I'm scared I'm gonna turn out just like her, you know? Like the bad seed or something...
But you're right -- enough is enough. I can't wallow in the grief process forever and I can't keep lying to myself about who my mom was.
You lost your mom...
No, Billy. I'm the one who's been selfish and self-absorbed with all of my post traumatic stress.
So... I'm sorry. I've been a selfish shit and I'm sorry.
So...
It's okay. We need to talk.
Subtlety, Stu. Look it up.
You have to move on, Sid.
Your parents split up. It's not the same thing. Your mom left town, she's not in a coffin somewhere.
When are you gonna let that go, Sid? When my mom left my dad -- I just accepted it. This is the way it is. She's not coming back.
Tomorrow. One year tomorrow.
It's been a year since she died.
No, it's me, Billy. I need time. I'm still adjusting to my mom.
Is it the sex thing? Am I being too pushy?
No...
Then what is it? Is there somebody else?
You know that's not true.
Understand what? That I got a girlfriend who would rather accuse me of being a psychopathic killer than touch me.
I'm so sorry... please understand.
See, it couldn't have been me. I was in jail, remember?
I know. He called again last night at Tatum's house.
The police say I scared him off. It wasn't me, Sid.
No... I don't... it's just... Oh God, Billy, someone was there, someone tried to kill me.
Hey, hey, it's just me.
Jesus, SHIT!
He's here. He's trying to kill me...
I heard screaming. The door was locked. Are you okay...
Oh Billy... Please... God...
What's that?
Would you settle for a PG-13 relationship?
I'm going... I'm going.
You know what my dad will do to you?
No, no. I wouldn't dream of breaking your underwear rule. I just thought we might do some on top of the clothes stuff.
So you thought you could sneak in my window and we would have a little bump-bump.
Yeah, it was edited for TV. All the good stuff was cut out and I started thinking about us and how two years ago, we started off kinda hot and heavy, a nice solid "R" rating on our way to an NC17. And how things have changed and, lately, we're just sot of... edited for television.
Oh it did?
And I was home, bored, watching television, THE EXORCIST was on and it got me thinking of you.
Now that it's out of your system.
It just occurred to me that I've never snuck through your bedroom window.
What are you doing here?
Close call.
I'll only stay a sec.
My dad's in the other room.
You sleep in THAT?
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry. Don't hate me.
Billy? What the...
Your call.
Don't make me... I can't... I won't.
There are two doors to your house. A front door and a back one. If you answer correctly -- you live.
What?
What door am I at?
Answer the question and I will.
...leave me alone... please...
Lucky, for you there's a bonus round. But poor Steve... I'm afraid... he's out.
You tricked me...
Then you should know Jason's MOTHER -- Mrs. Vorhees was the original killer. Jason didn't show up until the sequel.
It was Jason. I saw that goddamned movie twenty times. It was Jason.
Afraid not.
No it's not. It was Jason.
I'm sorry. That's the wrong answer.
Name the killer in FRIDAY THE 13TH.
...please... no...
Then answer the question. Same category.
Please go away! Leave us alone!
But you're doing so well.
NOOOO....
Now for the real question.
YES!
Michael... Michael Myers.
I can't think.
What's his name?
Please..stop...
Come on, yes you do.
I don't know...
Come on. It's you favorite scary movie, remember? He had a white mask, he stalked the baby-sitters.
No...
Name the killer in HALLOWEEN.
Don't do this. I can't...
I'll even give you a warm up question.
...please...
It's an easy category. Movie trivia.
No... please.
Come on. It'll be fun.
Please don't do this...
Turn off the light.
What kind of game?
Which is it?
NOOO!
Then he dies. Right now.
No...
I wanna play a game.
Why are you doing this?
That all depends on you.
Please don't hurt him.
Guess.
Where are you?
Go to the back door and turn on the porch light -- again.
How do you know his name?
His name wouldn't be Steve, would it?
So you better leave.
I believe you...
I'm telling you the truth. I lied before...
I'm getting scared.
I swear it. And he's big and plays football and will beat the shit out of you.
Sure...
I lied. I do have a boyfriend and he'll be here any second and your ass better be gone.
I thought you didn't have a boyfriend.
My boyfriend will be here any second and he'll be pissed when I tell him...
Or else what?
Look, enough is enough. You had your fun now you better leave me alone or else.
TO SEE WHAT YOUR INSIDES LOOK LIKE.
What do you want?
They'd never make it in time.
I'm two seconds from calling the police.
More of a game, really.
Is this some kind of a joke?
NO, YOU LISTEN, YOU LITTLE BITCH. IF YOU HANG UP ON ME AGAIN I'LL GUT YOU LIKE A FISH. UNDERSTAND?
Listen, asshole...
No-bored.
You getting scared?
Dial someone else, okay?
To talk.
What do you want?
I told you not to hang up on me.
Yes?
Don't...
Gotta go.
Don't hang up on me.
Nah, I don't think so...
Wait... I thought we were gonna go out.
I have to go now.
What do you think I said?
That's not what you said.
I want to now who I'm talking to.
What did you say?
Because I want to know who I'm looking at.
Why do you want to know my name?
You never told me your name.
No.
Maybe. Do you have a boyfriend?
Why? You wanna ask me out?
So, you gotta boyfriend?
The first one was, but the rest sucked.
Freddy -- that's right. I liked that movie. It was scary.
Yeah... Freddy Krueger.
Is that the one where the guy had knives for fingers?
Uh... NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET.
Guess.
Uh... HALLOWEEN. You know, the one with the guy with the white mask who just sorta walks around and stalks the baby sitters. What's yours?
You have to have a favorite.
I don't know.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Uh-huh.
Do you like scary movies?
Just some scary movie.
Really? What?
I'm getting ready to watch a video.
I only eat popcorn at the movies.
Uh-huh.
You're making popcorn?
Popcorn.
What's that noise?
I don't think so.
You tell me your name, I'll tell you mine.
Who is this?
Why don't you want to talk to me?
Hello.
They've got 900 numbers for that. Seeya.
I want to talk to you for a second.
What?
Wait, wait, don't hang up.
You're forgiven. Bye now.
To apologize.
So why did you dial it again?
I'm sorry. I guess I dialed the wrong number.
Hello.
It happens. Take it easy.
Do I?
I think you have the wrong number.
I don't know.
What number are you trying to reach?
What number is this?
Who are you trying to reach?
Who is this?
Yes.
I'll get my camera.
I'll call for backup.
We gotta get back. Jesus. He's here. What the fuck is he doing here?
Sidney's father?
Shit. It's Neil Prescott's car.
I don't think you're so bad.
People treat me like the Antichrist of television journalism.
What about Gale Weathers? I sound like a meteorologist...
Nah... it's just this town's way of not taking me serious.
I like it. It's... sexy.
Dwight. Dewey was something I got stuck with a long time ago.
So is Dewey your real name?
NO! I mean... I should probably take just you.
Can I bring Kenny?
Ma'am, I am the Deputy of this town.
I'd love to. If you're sure it's alright?
A car was spotted in the bushes a little ways up the road.
What kind of lead?
Sheriff just radioed me. I'm gonna check out a possible lead. Thought you might like to join me.
Mind if I join you?
Keeping an eye on things. Checking the place out.
Then what are you doing here?
Not much story here. Just a bunch of kids cutting loose.
You never know when or where a story will break.
What brings you out to these parts?
Deputy... good evening.
Evening, ma'am.
You are precious. Please, call me Gale.
I just turned 25. I was 24 for a whole year.
That's quite alright. If I may say so, ma'am, you're much prettier in person.
Am I keeping you? I'm sorry.
If you'll excuse me, ma'am.
We haven't ruled out that possibil...
He's not a suspect, is he?
No, not yet.
Really? You small town guys are good. And have you located Sidney's father?
We're tracking the cellular phone bill.
Well, we can hope, can't we? We certainly don't have any leads. A ghost mask, a cellular phone -- not much there.
Serial killer is not really accurate, ma'am. The killer has yet to strike twice.
Boy, you people sure do make fuss over a serial killer.
Twenty-five, huh? In a demographic study I proved to be most popular amongst males, 11-24. I just missed you. Of course, you don't look a day over twelve, except in the upper torso area. Does the force require that you work out?
I'm twenty-five years old, ma'am.
I know, I should be in New York covering the Sharon Stone stalker but who knew? Please, call me Gale. You look awfully young to be a police officer.
You're not supposed to be here, ma'am.
And why is that? Has something happened?
Well... uh... yes ma'am. For the time being.
Productive. So they're closing down the school?
I know who you are, ma'am. How's the eye?
Hi! Gale Weathers. Field Correspondent, INSIDE STORY.
She's with me. I just wanted to check on things.
What is she doing here?
Shit.
Sorry, police orders. I'll stay out of the way, I promise.
No, Dewey. You'll ruin the whole night.
Don't be so self-righteous. It's just a little blow out -- we'll be perfectly safe.
A party? Mom's gonna kill you. Then me.
I'm sorry, Deputy Dewey-boy but we're ready to go.
What did Mama tell you? When I wear this badge you treat me like a man of the law.
Hold up a sec...
Hey... Dewey. Can we go now?
Yes, you doofus.
Does mom know?
You can't be here, Tatum. This is an official crime scene.
Oh, God, Sid, I'm sorry I was late.
What are you doing here?
Not yet.
Should I be worried?
Afraid not.
Have they found my father?
Looks like I'm your personal bodyguard tonight, Sid.
Yeah.
You girls ready.
Thanks, Dewey. But with my luck they'd cast Tori Spelling.
I see you as a young Meg Ryan myself.
Hey, I saw that movie. True story, 'bout some killer in Texas.
God, look at this place, it's THE TOWN THAT DREADED SUNDOWN.
And my Dad? Any word on him?
I know. We're checking every cellular account in the county. Any calls made to you or Casey Becker are being cross-referenced. It's gonna take time but we'll find him.
Somebody called me, Dewey. I'm not making it up.
Billy was released. His cellular bill was clean. He didn't make those calls.
Not yet, but we're looking. If you need anything...
Any word on my Dad?
We'll find him, Sid. Don't worry.
I don't know. I guess.
He's not registered. Could he have gone to another hotel?
At the airport.
You're sure it was the Hilton?
Did you reach my Dad?
...yeah...
You gonna be able to come down to the station and talk to us a bit?
Yes, sir.
Watch her. Don't let on -- just keep your eyes out.
She'll be with her friends over at Stu Maker's tonight.
Hold off for now. Just stay close to her.
She's with my sister. Should I bring her in?
He'd have to be crazy. Where's Sidney?
You think he could still be in town?
They believe he's out of state by now. We'll keep roadblocks and curfew in effect through the night. If he's not picked up by morning -- we'll do a house to house.
Have you contacted the bureau?
There's more. Guess what tomorrow is? The anniversary of his wife's death. It all fits. He's our man.
Couldn't his cellular number have been cloned?
Listen up, Dewey, because it's bad. Real bad. Aircomp just faxed us. The calls were listed to Neil Prescott -- Sidney's father. He made the calls with his cellular phone. It's confirmed.
Keeping my eye on Sidney.
Dewey! Where the hell you been, boy?
Yes, sir, sheriff.
She's okay. Looks like some boys were teasing her. Himbry's shutting down the school though. I want you to take look around.
We haven't located her Dad yet.
She staying with you?
Twenty years ago I woulda said not a chance. But these kids today... damn if I know.
They're pulling Loomis' account. But it'll be morning before we see something. You think he did it?
What about the cellular phone bill?
That ghost mask is sold at both Kroger's and WalMart. Neither of which keep purchase records.
Have to be. The shit she's gone through.
She's tough.
How is she?
Drive by patrol.
What were you doing out here?
I was first to respond.
He's her boyfriend.
Hank Loomis' kid? Aw... Jesus...
We got him, Sheriff. Billy Loomis.
How is everything?
It's Deputy Riley today, Sid.
Not my daughter... not my...
Casey! Casey!
I can hear her. Oh Mother of God, I can hear her.
Where is she?
The phone's dead.
Casey? Where are you honey? Call the police, goddamnit.
Call the police.
Where is she?
Casey? Casey?
What is it? Where's Casey?
Jesus...
I told you to send it back.
That fish smelled strong.
As long as it records I don't give a shit. We're not doing a remote.
About thirty seconds.
What's the delay?
The control board's glitched. You know we can't carry a live picture.
Prep the compact, we'll hide it in a window and tape all of tonight's festivities.
What's the plan?
Not this time. I owe Cotton that much. Hell, even I thought that man was guilty.
But it's so much easier when we make it up.
If I'm gonna blow this up -- I need hard proof.
When did that ever stop you? You can't sit on this. This is huge.
No, not so fast. We have nothing concrete.
You want to go live?
Jesus Christ! An innocent man on death row. A killer still on the loose. Kenny, tell me I'm dreaming.
Jesus! The camera-hurry!
What? What?
But couldn't it have been someone else you saw wearing that coat? The same person who planted it in Cotton's car, framing him? The same person who really killed your mother?
I saw him leaving wearing it.
He was drunk that night. He left his coat at your house, after your mother seduced him...
He's lying. She wouldn't have touched him. He raped her, then butchered her. Her blood was all over his coat.
Not one word. He admits to having sex with your mother but that's all.
Has his story changed?
Many times.
Have you talked to Cotton?
I think you falsely identified him. Yes.
During the trial, you did all those stories about me. You called me a liar.
He was convicted in a court of law. Your testimony put him away. It doesn't matter what I think.
Do you still think he's innocent?
What is your problem? You got what you wanted. Cotton Weary is in jail. They're gonna gas him. A book is not gonna change that.
And it had to be you with all your lies and bullshit theories.
Your mother's murder was last year's hottest court case. Somebody was gonna write a book about it.
You owe my mother.
I owe you shit.
Please. You owe me.
Forget it.
Off the record. No cameras.
Kenny. Camera. Now.
I want to talk to you.
Just stay back.
I'm not here to fight.
I'll send you a copy.
I'll look for it.
It'll be out later this year.
How's the book?
Yes, that's right.
It's okay, Tatum. She's just doing her job. Right, GALE?
Ricki Lake.
Where do you get this shit?
And it fucked her up royally. Think about it. It makes perfect sense. Her mom's death leaves her distraught and hostile at a cruel and inhumane world, she's disillusioned, where's God, etc. Completely suicidal. And one day she snaps. She wants to kill herself but realizes teen suicide is out this year. And homicide is a much healthier therapeutic expression.
Cut some slack. She watched her mom get butchered.
Please, it's common knowledge. Her mother was a trollop.
You're evil.
Maybe she's a slut just like her mom.
Why would Sidney want to be with Steve? She has her own bubble-butt boyfriend Billy.
Maybe she was hot for Steve and killed them both in a jealous rage.
And why would she do that?
What if she did it? What if Sidney killed Casey and Steve?
For attention. The girl has some serious issues.
Why would she lie about it?
She was never attacked. I think she made it all up.
Who are you?
Looks like you fingered the wrong guy... again.
LEAVEMEALONE!
Poor Billy-boyfriend. An innocent guy doesn't stand a chance with you.
Hello Sidney.
Hello?
If you hang up, you'll die just like your mother.
Good try, Randy. Tell Tatum to hurry. Bye now.
What am I doing?
Uh-huh.
Can you see me right now?
Right here.
So where are you?
That's the original part.
Why would you call me from my front porch?
Your front porch.
So where are you?
The question is not who am I. The question is where am I?
So who are you?
Maybe that's because I'm not Randy.
That is so unoriginal. You disappoint me, Randy.
Are you alone in the house?
Because they're all the same. It's always some stupid killer stalking some big breasted girl -- who can't act -- who always runs up the stairs when she should be going out the front door. They're ridiculous.
And why is that?
Don't start. You know I don't watch that shit.
What's your favorite scary movie?
I like that thing you're doing with your voice, Randy. It's sexy.
Do you like scary movies, Sidney?
Aha, Randy, you gave yourself away. Are you calling from work? Tatum's on her way over.
Scary night, isn't it? With the murders and all, it's like right out of a horror movie or something.
I have no idea.
Sleep tight, sweetie.
Have a good trip.
Got it.
...so call if you need me.
...out at the airport...
No? Oh, well... I'm hitting the sack. My flight leaves first thing in the morning. Now the expo runs all weekend so I won't be back til Sunday. There's cash on the table and I'll be staying at the Raleigh Hilton...
No you didn't.
I heard screaming.
Can you knock?
Are you okay?
Twice.
I thought Blockbuster fired you.
Working, thank you.
Fuck you, nut case. Where were you last night?
Oooooh... before or after he sliced and diced.
Stu was with me last night.
You got it.
Only if it's a nice Meg Ryan movie.
Listen to me, Sid. I found Tatum. She's dead, she's been killed... I think Stu did it.
Don't come any closer.
Don't shoot. It's me.
Stop. Right there.
She's the Scream Queen.
THE FOG, TERROR TRAIN, PROM NIGHT -- How come Jamie Lee Curtis is in all these movies?
No, Sid.
Come on, Sid. Give me the gun.
Don't listen to him. It's him. He's the one.
His movie nut mind has snapped, Sid. He's gone psycho.
I'll be right back.
Yeah.
Wanna another beer?
There are certain rules that one must abide by in order to successfully survive a horror movie. For instance: 1. You can never have sex. The minute you get a little nookie -- you're as good as gone. Sex always equals death. 2. Never drink or do drugs. The sin factor. It's an extension of number one. And 3. Never, ever, ever, under any circumstances, say "I'll be right back."
Not until TRADING PLACES in '83. Jamie Lee was always the virgin in horror movies. She didn't show her tits until she went legit.
I wanna see Jamie Lee's breasts. When do we see Jamie Lee's breasts?
Like you had one.
There goes my chance with Sid.
He came to make up.
What's Leatherface doing here?
I can cry on cue.
We could be like two grief stricken students and we'll say really nice things about our good friends who were slaughtered senselessly.
I had 'em hid in the foreign section.
I thought everything was checked out.
It's 1995 -- motives are incidental.
And what would be your motive?
You're absolutely right. I'm the first to admit it. If this were a scary movie, I'd be the prime suspect.
So while they're off investigating a dead end, Billy, who's been written off as a suspect, is busy planning his next hunting expedition.
Which is you...
Because he's probably dead. His body will come popping out in the last reel somewhere... eyes gauged. See, the police are always off track with this shit, if they'd watch PROM NIGHT they'd save time. There's formula to it. A very simple one. Everyone's always a suspect -- the father, the principal, the town derelict...
I think her father did it. How come they can't find his ass?
Could be. Now that Billy's tried to mutilate her, you think Sid would go out with me?
She's saving herself for you.
Maybe Sidney wouldn't have sex with him.
So what's his reason?
There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all. Simplicity. Besides, if it's too complicated you lose your target audience.
Why would he want to kill his own girlfriend?
Because, obviously they don't watch enough movies. This is standard horror movie stuff. PROM NIGHT revisited.
The why'd the police let him go?
You're such a little lap dog. He's got killer printed all over his forehead.
It was all a misunderstanding. He didn't do anything.
If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be standing in the horror section?
What?
Yeah, I'm off early -- curfew you know.  Now that's poor taste.
You coming tonight?
We had a run in the mass murder section.
Jesus, this place is packed.
Did you really put her liver in the mailbox? I hear they found her liver in the mailbox.
I'm gonna gut your ass in a second.
Besides --  "Takes a man to do something like that."
It would certainly improve your high school Q.
What are you saying? That I killed her or something?
And are the police aware you dated the victim?
Before she dumped him for Steve.
For about two seconds.
Yeah, Casey and Steve were completely hollowed out. Takes a man to do something like that.
That was an ice pick -- not exactly the same.
Peer pressure... I'm way to sensitive.
So Stu, what's your motive? Billy's got one. The police are on their way. What are you going to tell them?
You'll never get away with this.
The official term is "psychotic".
You're crazy -- both of you.
It's all part of the game.
Why are you doing this?
Guess, I won't be needing this anymore.
You guys can go up to my parents room? To talk and... whatever.
If Tatum sees you -- she'll draw blood.
Cool. See you guys tonight. Bring food.
Yeah, okay... whatever.
Remember, there's safety in numbers.
My parents are out of town. It'll be like my hurricane bash last year. Nothing extreme. Just a few of us, hangin'.
Are you serious?
And to celebrate this impromptu fall break, I propose we have a party. Tonight, my house.
Are you kidding? This is like Christmas.
Why are they doing this?
Hey, Stu? Didn't you use to date Casey?
You heard Billy -- shut the fuck up.
Deal.
There's that sense of humor. I knew it still existed. Ohh, Sid, let's have some fun tonight.
Oh, Sidney. WHAT? A guy can talk tits til he's dead but the minute you mention an eight inch weenie. Watch out.
TATUM!
Watch the show, Sid. His basket is bigger than the one you're pushing.
What secret meaning? Like a Satanical thing?
Grant wrote the song himself. I'm convinced the lyrics had a secret meaning, "Eight is enough..."
No way.
During foreplay, I sing the theme song to myself. "Eight is enough to fill our lives with love..." It's a real turn on.
How does that get you in the mood with Stu?
Grant Goodeve -- the oldest brother on EIGHT IS ENOUGH. Remember that show? He was the one who lived off alone. He would come around every now and then with his guitar and sing "Eight is enough to fill our lives with love..." He had all these brain dead sisters and that idiot brother from CHARLES IN CHARGE. God, I was in love with Grant, he was so hot. The show came on every day after school right during my puberty years. Grant Goodeve was very instrumental in my maturing as a woman.
Who?
With Stu, there's little time to stop and reflect. But sometimes before, to relax and get in the mood, I think about Grant Goodeve.
What do you think about when you're having sex?
Billy and his penis don't deserve you.
But he's been so patient with me, Tatum. You know, with all the sex stuff. How many guys would put up with a girlfriend who's sexually anorexic?
You have a few intimacy issues as a result of your mother's untimely death. It's no big deal. You'll thaw out.
Billy's right. Whenever he touches me, I just can't relax.
He better not be. I told Stu to keep his mouth shut. I think we can live without EVERYBODY'S ALL AMERICAN for one night.
Is Billy going to be there tonight?
Oh, god...
Hey, Sid. Just think if they make a movie about you. Who's gonna play you?
Come on, let's rock.
You're right. I'm cracking up. Ignore me.
Don't go there, Sid. You're starting to sound like some Wes Carpenter flick. Don't freak yourself out -- we've got a long night ahead of us.
If I was wrong Cotton, then he's still out there.
Well... you can only hear that Richard Gere-gerbil story so many times before you have to start believing it.
And you believe it?
It goes further back, Sid. There's been talk about other men.
Created by that little tabloid twit Gale Weathers.
You can't prove a rumor. That's why it's a rumor.
If they were having an affair how come that Cotton couldn't prove it in court?
I didn't say that, Sid. But you know there were rumors. Your dad was always out of town on business. Maybe your mom was a very unhappy woman.
So you think my mom was a slut too?
Maybe Cotton Weary is telling the truth. Maybe he was having an affair with your mom.
Come on. Pathos has it's perks.
I don't know...
This could be good. What do you think, Sid?
It was him, Tatum. I know it.
It was just some sick fuck having a laugh.
Just ignore him. You had good reason to think what you did.
I bet he's pissed.
Shit, what is he doing here?
I want you to meet me here right after class, okay?
This is a mistake. I shouldn't be here.
But if it wasn't Billy it could be anybody. He could be here at school right now.
Just relax. You're at school now. No one can get you here.
Just a sec... I need to talk to someone.
Come on, Sid.
It's alright. I'll get it.
Take a message.
I knew this guy was too perfect. He was destined to have a flaw.
He was there, Tatum.
Do you really think Billy did it?
No, nothing's like it used to be.
Just like old times, ain't it?
Just another sleepover at the Riley's.
Her dad's out of town. She's staying with us.
It's okay. She was supposed to pick me up.
Bye.
Whatever. Just hurry.
Good, 'cause I wanna swing by BLOCKBUSTER and get us a video. I was thinkin' Tom Cruise in ALL THE RIGHT MOVES. You know, if you pause it just right you can see his penis.
I'm not worried.
Don't worry. Casey and Steve didn't bite it til way after ten.
It's past seven.
Practice ran late. I'm on my way.
Later.
Thanks, Tatum.
I'll be there by seven. I promise
Uh-huh, it's just... you know, the police and reporters... it brings it all back.
Yeah, yeah... are you okay?
Tell your mom I said thanks.
No prob. I'll pick you up after practice.
You sure I can stay over? My dad won't be back til Sunday.
How do you gut someone?
Or a man's mentality.
They don't know. Dewey said this is the worst crime they've ever seen. Even worse than...  Well it's bad. They're bringing in the feds. This is big.
They think it's school-related?
Fucking clueless -- they're interrogating the entire school. Teachers, students, staff, janitors...
Do they know who did it?
Not anymore. Her parents found her hanging from a tree. Her insides on the outside.
Casey Becker? She sits next to me in English.
And not just killed, Sid. We're talking splatter movie killed-split open end to end.
No way.
Oh God! You don't know? Casey Becker and Steve Forrest were killed last night.
What happened?
Do you believe this shit?
Hey, guess who's here? It's that chick from INSIDE STORY?
What am I? The beer wench?
I got it. Tatum get me a beer. They're in the fridge in the garage.
Tits -- see.
With that set of lungs -- she should be.
Where you guys been? We had to start without you.
That's mature.
Okay, but whatever you did -- the entire student body thanks you.
For once, Stu, drop it.
Is this not cool or what? Hey, Sid, what happened?
Hey, go easy, Tatum. He didn't do it.
You know if I were accused of carving up two people, I'd take the opportunity to skip school.
I did. He's full of shit.
I thought you dumped her for me.
That is so sexist. The killer could easily be female -- BASIC INSTINCT.
Because there's no way a girl could have killed them.
I don't know, they just did.
Hunt? Why would they ask if you like to hunt?
I'm in.
What do you think?
Ease back, Mills.
How is it working for a scumbag like this? You proud of yourself?
You're wound too tight, Mills.  Let it go.
He's pissing in our faces again and we're just taking it.
He wouldn't just turn himself in.  It doesn't make any sense.
You don't.  It goes to court now.
So far it's all dead ends.  No credit history.  No employment history.  His bank account's only five years old and it started as cash.  We're even trying to trace his furniture, but for now all we know is he's independently wealth, well educated and totally insane.  We may never know how he got that way.
What about the trace on his bank account and the guns?  There must be something to connect him with a past.
He cuts off the skin if his fingertips. That's why we can't find a single usable print in the apartment.  He's been doing it for quite a while.  Keeps cutting before the papillary line can grow back.
Go start picking up the pieces.  We'll shuffle some paper and try to get you a new partner.
Thank you.
That's not necessary.  You're in.
There's nothing that says I have to work with him.  If Somerset wants out, "goodbye."  Give it to me.
How's that?
Give it to me.
I don't have anyone else to give this to, Somerset, you know that.  And nobody's going to swap with you.
I'll see you.
I guess... decide for yourself.  I don't know what it says.  I'm going to go.
I read about it in the paper.
He's being arraigned tomorrow.
It would be too hard.
They're hoping you stop and say goodbye before you go, but I told them not to expect it.
Yeah, that's true.
We figure you need all the tools you can get to fix up that piece of shit you call a house.
Thank you.  Tell them, thank you.
I can breathe withour pain now, so I guess I feel great.
How you feeling?
He's not finished.
Well, there he sits.  It's not supposed to make sense.
Really?
It's always been like this.
I have no understanding of this place anymore.
I heard.
Did you read in the paper today, about the man who was walking his dog?  he was attacked, and his wallet and his watch were taken.  And then, while he was still lying unconscious, his attacker stabbed him with a knife in both eyes.  It happened four blocks from here.
You know.
What are you talking about?
Can't you feel it yet?  Can't you feel that feeling... ?  You're not going to be a cop anymore.
I'll get a job, maybe on a farm.  I'll work on the house.
Come on.  What are you going to do with yourself out there?
Good.
Yeah.
I'm sure everyone's doing their best.
I thought you might want to be filled in.
It's none of my business anymore.
Greed.  It was written in blood.
Already.
There was a second.
No, I haven't heard.
Have you heard?
Everything else was taken as close to conclusion as humanly possible.  Also... this shouldn't be his first assignment.
You've left unfinished business before.
I know what you're thinking, okay?  You don't want to get in bed with this every night, but it's different now.  You're retiring.  In six days you're all the way gone.
This can't be my last duty here.  It will go on and on.
What's this: "I'm declining this case?"  It don't work that way.
One is gluttony.
Hey, so gluttony is one of the seven deadly sins.  But, this was a fat guy.  The killer may have felt this was the just best way to torture him. And, writing on the walls happens all the time.  It's like the fashionable thing to do.
... envy, sloth, pride and lust.  Seven.
So what?  This victim...
There are seven deadly sins.  Gluttony, wrath, greed...
Announcing what?
"Dear Detectives, Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to light." It's the murderer's way of announcing himself.
He had a gun.  He had a gun... and he made it happen.  He made me do it!  He made me put that... that thing on.  Oh, Christ!  He made me wear it... and... and he told me to fuck her.  He had the gun in my mouth.
Who tied her down?  You or him?
She was... she was on the bed.  She was just sitting on the bed.
Where was the prostitute?  Where was she?
What?  What?
Where was the girl?
And... and... and he said... he asked me if I was married.  And, I could see he had a gun in his hand.
Okay...
Put it down.  Put it on the ground.
This guy paid me five hundred bucks to bring it out here.  He wanted it here at exactly seven o'clock.
I'm... I'm just delivering a package.
Who are you?  What are you doing out here?
What the hell's going on?
Turn around.  Hands on your head!
Jesus Christ, man, don't shoot me!
NO!
You didn't know.
Her pretty head.
Give me the gun.
I visited your home this morning, after you left.
David... please...
It's surprising how easily a member of the press can purchase information from the men in your precinct.
Why?
What time is it?
It's not too far away now.
What's so exciting?
It doesn't matter who I am.  Who I am means absolutely nothing.  You need to turn left here... at the traffic light.
I mean, at this point, what would it hurt if you told us a little about yourself?
What do you mean?
Hello.
I don't believe it.
Because I envy your normal life.  Envy is my sin.
Somerset...
I want you to know, I wish I could have lived like you do.
What the fuck is going on?
Here he comes.
Shut up!
You've made a good life for yourself...
What the fuck is going on here?!
I wish I could have been a normal man like you.  I wish I could have a simple life.
It's close.
Just keep leading the way.
Sit back.
And, I remember breaking your nose.  You're only alive because I didn't kill you.
I seem to remember knocking on your door.
Tell me what it was that gave me away. What was the piece of evidence you were going to use against me right before I walked up to YOU and put my hands in the air.
Really?  Just biding your time, then? Toying with me.  Is that it?  Letting five people die until you finally felt like going out and hauling me in?
We would have gotten you eventually.
You're going to be remembered, and it's all because of me.  And, the only reason I'm here right now is because I wanted to be.
And, why is that?
You should be thanking me.
Delusions of grandeur.
A woman... so ugly on the inside that she couldn't bare to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside.  A drug dealer... a drug dealing pederast, actually.  And, don't forget the disease spreading whore.  Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face.  That's the point.  You see a deadly sin on almost every street corner, and in every home, literally.  And we tolerate it. Because it's common, it seems trivial, and we tolerate, all day long, morning, noon and night.  Not anymore.  I'm setting the example, and it's going to be puzzled over and studied and followed, from now on.
Murderers like you?
A woman...
Murderers?
Innocent?  Is that supposed to be funny? Look at the people I killed.  An obese man, a disgusting man who could barely stand up... who if you saw him on the street, you'd point so your friends could mock him along with you.  Who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish  your meal.  After him I picked the lawyer.  And, you both must have been secretly thanking me for that one.  This was a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath he could muster... to keeping rapists and murderers on the streets.
You only killed a bunch of innocent people so you could get your rocks off.  That's all.
You wouldn't because you know there are consequences.  It's in those eyes of yours, though... nothing wrong with a man taking pleasure in his work.  I won't deny my own personal desire to turn each sin against the sinner.  I only took their sins to logical conclusions.
Now... I wouldn't do something like that, Johnny.  I like you.  I like you a lot.
I... I doubt I enjoyed it any more than... Detective Mills would enjoy some time alone with me in a room without windows.  Isn't that true?  How happy would it make you to hurt me, with impunity?
Oh, don't worry. You won't...
Well, I'll be standing beside you the whole time, so you be sure to let me know when this whole, complete reality thing is done.  Wouldn't want to miss it.
I can't wait for you to see.  I can't wait...  It's really going to be something.
It's going to be flawless.  People will barely be able to comprehend it.  It will seem almost surreal... but it will have a tangible reality, so they won't be able to deny it.
Spit it out.
You can't see the whole... the whole complete act yet.  Not yet.  But, when this is done, it's going to be... so... so...
In two months, no one's going to even remember this happened.
You know that's not true.
I hate to burst your bubble, but other than the fact that you're especially sadistic, there's nothing unusual about these precious murders of yours.
Not me.  I'm not special.  I'm not exceptional.  This is, though.  What I'm doing.
What makes you so special that people should pay attention?
Wanting people to pay attention, you can't just tap them on the shoulder.  You have to hit them in the head with a sledgehammer. Then, you have their strict attention.
We're not just going to pick up two more bodies, are we, Johnny?  That wouldn't be... shocking enough.  Wouldn't keep you on the front page of the newspapers.
You'll see.
Where we headed?
Put the gun down, Somerset!
Don't do this... please...
Put your gun down!!
I can't let you do this...
Tell me it's not true.
What did you say?
Throw your weapon, detective!  Now!
What are you talking about?  What happened?
Throw your gun down now!
There's no time to discuss it!
Wait!
Stay with him.
Give me a break.
Kiss me on the lips.
Slut.
Well, I have to tell you...  I think I've fallen in love with you.
What is it?
I will.
If John Doe's head splits open and a U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have expected it.
I can tell you this.  I recognize his lawyer.  His name's Mark Swarr.
No.
He's only two murders away from finishing his masterpiece, right?  Can you even conceive of what's going to happen next?  I mean, can you even imagine how he'll try to finish it?
Well... what the fuck, man?
You and I are, probably for the first time ever, in total agreement.  He wouldn't just stop.
You know he's fucking us.
When do we get to question him?
Because he is John Doe, by choice.
Big surprise.
As soon as this is over, I'm gone.
No, actually, I wasn't sure at all.
You knew I'd say yes.
I'm requesting you keep me on as your partner a few more days.  You'd be doing me the favor.
You think you're doing me a big favor by staying?
One of two things will happen.  We're either going to get John Doe, or he'll finish his series of seven, and this case will go on for years.
Oh, you want to stay now?
Call for help, and you'll live.  But, you'll be disfigured.  Or, put yourself out of your misery.
He cut her up and dressed the wounds.
That part of me is dead.
Listen to yourself.  You say, "the problem with people is they don't care, so I don't care about people."  But, you're already here.  You've been here a long time.  So, there's a part of you that knows, even if everything you say is true, none of it matters.
No I'm not!  I'm talking about common, everyday life here.  If you let yourself worry about one thing, you'll worry about the next, and the next, and it never ends. In this place, ignorance isn't just bliss, it's a matter of survival.
You're talking about people who are mentally ill.  You're...
Wrong!  I sympathize completely, because if you can't win... then, if you don't ignore everything and everyone around you, you... you become like John Doe.  It's easier to beat a child than it is to raise it, because it takes so much work to love.  You just have to make sure you don't stop to think about the abuse, and the damage, because you'll risk being sad.  Keep ignoring.
Oh, you're so much better than everyone, right?  No one's worthy of you.
It wasn't one thing, if that's what you mean.  I just... I can't live here anymore. I can't live where stupidity is embraced and nurtured as if it were a virtue.
What the fuck is wrong with you?  What burnt you out?
People don't want a champion.  They just want to keep playing the lottery and eating hamburgers.
You think you're preparing me for the hard times ahead?  You think you're toughening me up?  Well, you're not!  You're quitting, fine... but I'm staying.
Why don't you shut the fuck up for a while? You bitch and complain... if I thought like you, I would have slit my wrist already.
Just know that in this case there's not going to be any satisfaction.  If we caught John Doe and he were the devil himself, if it turned out he were actually Satan, then, that might live up to our expectations.  No human being could do these things, right? But, this is not the devil.  It's just a man.
You follow the law and do the best you can. It's all there.
Where's the victory?
You do your job...
You tell me, then... you walk into an apartment, and a man has beaten his wife to death, or the wife murdered the husband, and you have to wash the blood off their children.  You put the killer in jail.  Who won?
You're the oldest man I know, Somerset.
Don't try to focus on things as black and white, because you'll go blind.  There's no winning and losing here.
How can you say that?  Especially after today?
No.  Face it now.  Stop thinking it's good guys against bad guys.
If we get him, I'll be happy enough.
You know... there's not going to be a happy ending to this.  It's not possible anymore.
One birthday he gave me this brand new hardcover book, "The Century of the Detective," by Jurgen Thorwald.  It traced the history of deduction as a science, and it sealed my fate, because it was real, not fiction.  And, that a drop of blood or a piece of hair could solve a crime... it was incredible to me.
Sounds like a father who wanted his son to follow in his footsteps.
The irony is, after a day of the type of work he did, he'd come home and read me these morbid crime stories.  Murders in the Rue Morgue.  Le Fanu's Green Tea.  My mother would give him hell because he was keeping me up till all hours.
These murders are his masterwork.  His sermon to all of us.  To all us sinners.
He's preaching.
Looking around... I've got a bad feeling these murders are his life's work.
No dates indicated, placed on the shelves in no discernible order.  It's just his mind poured out on paper.  I don't think it's going to give us any specifics.
"What sick, ridiculous, puppets we are, and what a gross, little stage we dance on. What fun we have, dancing and fucking, not a care in the world.  Not knowing that we are nothing.  We are not what was intended."
Then, he must write about these murders.
Well, there are at least five thousand notebooks in this room, and near as I can tell, each notebook contains two hundred and fifty pages.
I'm trying, alright?  Just tell me what we've got.
We could use about fifty more men here.
We had him.
What are you talking about?
No point in arguing anymore...
You stupid son of a...
Okay... okay... get off.
Think it through.  If we leave a hole like this, we'll never prosecute.  He'll walk.  We have to come up with some excuse for knocking on this door.
By the time we clear a warrant someone else is going to be dead.
Think about how we got here!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Think about it...
We have probable cause now.
We need a warrant.
The hell I can't!  We get in there and we can stop him.
You can't go in there.
It was him.
Wait... just wait.
What happened?
I'm fine.
Are you alright?
Who told you about my silver tongue?  You been talking to my wife?
You do the talking.  Put that old silver tongue of yours to work.
What are you going to say?
Sure.  Uh, excuse me... are you by any chance a serial killer?  Oh, you are? Well, come with us then, if it's okay.
We'll take a look at him.  Talk to him.
This is stupid.  It'd be just too easy.
That's what it says.  Jonathan Doe.
You're sure you're reading that right? John Doe?
Saint Thomas Aquinas.  He wrote about the seven deadly sins.
The Writings of Saint Thomas Aqu... Aquin...
That is.
The Marquis de Sade and Origins of Sadism.
It's not what you think it is.
Modern Homicide Investigation.  In Cold Blood.  Of Human Bondage.  Human Bondage?
The Divine Comedy.  A History of Catholicism.  A book called Murderers and Madmen.
I know, I know... focusing on one little thing.
We're focusing.
This is a waste of time.
I don't.  Neither do you.
How do you know all about this?
Yeah, well... at least we're out of the office.  We've got pizza.
Yeah.  Some college student who's taking English 101 and just happens to be writing a paper on Twentieth Century Crime.
If you want to know who's been reading Paradise Lost, Purgatory, and say... The Life and Time of Charlie Manson, the Bureau's computer will tell you.  It might give us a name.
So they ran our list.
Legal... illegal.  These terms don't apply. I don't applaud it.
How is this legal?
Flagged books cover every topic the Bureau deems questionable... communism to violent crime.
You got to be kidding.
They monitor reading habits.  Not every book, but certain ones are flagged.  Books about... let's say, how to build a nuclear bomb, or maybe Mein Kampf.  Whoever takes out a flagged book has their library records fed to the F.B.I. from then on.
What?  Assessing fines?
For a long time, the F.B.I.'s been hooked into the library system, keeping accurate records.
Him?
It's probably nothing, but even if it is, it's no skin off our teeth.  The man at Hot Dog World is a friend, in the Bureau.
It's be best if you got to the point, cause I'm about ready to punch you in the face.
By telling you this, I'm trusting you more than I trust most people.
Let's go.
Well, that was money well spent.
I don't know... like fifty.
How much money do you have?
What does all that matter anyway?  It's not our job to figure him out, is it?  All we have to do is catching him.
Just, realize... this is not some common lunatic.  The type of intestinal fortitude it must take... to keep a man bound for a full year.  To connect tubes to his genitals.  To sever his hand and use it to plant fingerprints.  He's methodical and exacting, and worst of all, he's patient.
Just because the bastard has a library card, it doesn't make him Einstein.
Well, he's been right so far, hasn't he?
And so what?
This quote... his first words to us.  I looked it up.  It's from Milton's Paradise Lost.  "Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to light... "
Yes we do.  Here...
We don't know for sure...
No.  He's not depending on luck.  You've seen that.  We walked into that apartment exactly one year after he first tied Victor to the bed, to the day.  To the day! Because he wanted us to.
Sooner or later his luck's goning to run out.
No.
Hey, Freud, what brand of bullshit are you shoveling, huh?  Right now he's probably dancing around his room in a pair of his mommy's panties, singing show tunes and rubbing himself with peanut butter...
It's a fine line between insane and inspired.
Oh, blah, blah, blah.  The guy's insane.
It's too dismissive to call him a lunatic. We can't make that mistake.
There must be something in this pile of garbage we can follow.  I mean, Christ... do we have to let this lunatic make all the moves.
This is the job.  It's not an Easter egg hunt.
I'm sick of sitting around, waiting for him to kill again.
Who pays the rent on time.
A landlord's dream tenant: a paralyzed man with no tongue.
Victor's landlord says an envelope of cash was in the office mailbox each month.  He says, quote, "I never heard a single complaint from the tenant in apartment three-o-one, and nobody ever complained about him.  He's the best tenant I've ever had.
Oh, it's alright.
Sorry about that... I just...
They pay cops for the inside scoop, and they pay well.
How do those cockroaches get here so quick?
He'll string us along all the way if we're not careful.
I don't know about you, but I feed off my emotions.
We have to divorce ourselves from emotions here.  No matter how hard it is, we have to stay focused on the details.
No kidding!  No fucking kidding!
Listen to me.  He's all about playing games.
I want him bad.  I don't just want to catch him anymore.  I want to hurt him.
The way this has gone till now, I wouldn't have thought it was possible, but we may have underestimated this guy.
Call an ambulance.
It is Victor.
Sounds like he knew what he was talking about.
I think Hemingway wrote somewhere... I can't remember where, but he wrote that in order to live in a place like this, you have to have the ability to kill.  I think he meant you truly must be able to do it, not just faking it, too survive.
I expected it to be bad, you know.  I took a human life... but I slept like a baby that night.  I never gave it a second thought.
How was it?
I got him.  I got the son-of-a-bitch. See, I was doing really good up till then. Lots of street busts.  I've always had this weird luck... everything always went my way, but this was wild.  I got him with one shot... right between the eyes.  Next thing I know, the mayor's pinning a medal on me.  Picture in the paper, whole nine yards.
How did the fire fight end?
It was my first one of these.  We were a secondary unit, and I was pretty shaky going in.  I was still considered a rookie.
And?
Never took a bullet.  I pulled my gun once. fired it once.
Never in my twenty-four years, knock on wood.  I've only ever taken my gun out five times with the actual intention of using it.  Never fired it though.  Not once.  You?
Satisfy our curiosity?
Why would we?
We'll tag along.
Yes.  They were there... so, it must be.
The fingerprints.
He doesn't have the desire somehow.  Our killer seems to have more purpose.  More purpose than Victor could ever conceive of.
You tell me.  I'm new in town.
Doesn't seem like our man, does it?
Does this make it with you?
In this city, if all the skeletons came out of all the closets... if ever hidden body were to suddenly rise again, there'd be no more room for the living.
I've seen the same.  I'm not the country hick you seem to think I am.
I'm, sorry, but even the most promising clues usually lead only to other clues. I've seen so many corpses rolled away... unrevenged.
Bullshit.
We put it in a nice neat pile and file it away, on the slim chance it's ever needed in a courtroom.  It's like collecting diamonds on a desert island.  You keep them just in case you ever get rescued, but it's a pretty big ocean out there.
Oh, that's all.
All we do is pick up the pieces.  We take all the evidence, and all the pictures and samples.  We write everything down and note what time things happened...
Then, you tell me what you think we're doing.
I wish I still thought like you.
And you don't?
You meant what you said to Mrs. Gould, didn't you?  About catching this guy.  You really want to believe that, don't you?
Who the hell knows?  There's plenty of freaks out there doing dirty deeds they don't want to do.  You know... little voices tell them bad things.
It doesn't fit.  He doesn't want us to help him stop.
He just may be nuts enough.
No.
Just, honestly... have you ever seen anything like this... been involved in anything like this?
Just wait!
Oh, yeah, sure.  You got to be kidding?!
Bear with me.
What?
We're screwed.  He's fucking with us.
There must be something.
A switchblade.
What the fuck is that?
It's got to be.
Nothing.
Even if they did, those photos were taken before forensics.
You're sure your men didn't move this?
Okay.  But, what?
What if it's not that she's seen something?  What if she's supposed to see something, but she just hasn't been given a chance to see it yet?
I know.
This is the one thing.
None.  Which I don't understand.  He had to get back out.
No witnesses of any kind?
Totally unrelated victims.
Nothing.
No fingerprints?
Like, because someone's holding a gun on you.
Attrition.  When you regret your sins, but not because you love God.
Forced what?
For now, let's just consider the books as the murderer's inspiration. The books and sermons are about atonement for sin.  And, these murders have been like forced attrition.
Right.  But there, pride comes first, not gluttony.  The sins are in a different order.
Seven Terraces of Purgation.
Yeah.  Parts of them.  Anyway, in Purgatory, Dante and his buddy are climbing up that big mountain... seeing all these other guys who sinned...
Did you read them?
Like in the Parson's Tale, and Dante.
The sins were used in medieval sermons. There were seven cardinal virtues, and then seven deadly sins, created as a learning tool, because they distract from true worship.
Punishing.
He's preaching.
We put her in a safe house.
And, if it's a threat.
Gould's wife.  She was away on business. If this means she saw anything, I don't know what.  We've questioned her at least five times.
This is just to satisfy my curiosity.  I'm still leaving town Saturday.
Look, I appreciate being able to talk this out, but, uh...
He must have left another puzzle piece.
He cut along the side of his stomach.  The love handle.
All day Saturday, and all day Sunday.  The murderer would want Gould to take his time.  To have to sit there and decide. Where do you make the first cut?  There's a gun in your face... but, what part of your body is expendable?
The leather chair was soaked through with sweat.
Well, his body was found Monday night, okay?  But, get this... the office was closed all day Monday.  Which means, as long as the gluttony killing was done before the weekend, our killer could've gotten in here on Friday.  He could've spent all day Saturday with Gould, and all day Sunday.
I'm certain.  He was the biggest defense lawyer around.  Infamous, actually.
Our guy got into office, probably before the building closed and security tightened up.  Gould must have been working late.
I vaguely recall a large, angry man, and someone called Norton.
You've never seen "The Odd Couple?"  This is sick.  "The Honeymooners?!"
I just have to say, I can't respect any man who's never seen "Green Acres."
I read.  Remember reading?
You go to movies at least?
What about them?
What about sports?
All television does is teach children that it's really cool to be stupid and eat candy bars all day.
Hello.
I'd like you to meet Somerset.
Tonight.
How's that?
I'm invited to have a late supper at your house.  And, I accept.
Well?
What?
It's my wife.
Detective Mills here.  Honey... I asked you not to call me here. I'll call you back...  What?  Why?
It's a package deal.  You get the phone with the office.
Can we talk about this in private?
It's too soon for him.
Whoa, whoa... what?!
I'm declining this case.  I want us reassigned.
This is a premeditated puzzle, and it's only the beginning.
This is his stuff.  I've been out in the cold all day.
This was one sadistic motherfucker.
He ate his fill, and was forced to continue eating... till his body rejected the food. the killer held a bucket under him, and then kept serving.  He took his time.  The coroner says this might have gone on for more than twelve hours.  The victim's throat was swollen from the effort, and there was probably a point where he passed out.  That's when killer kicked him in the stomach.  Popped him.
But, why would there be so many pieces in his stomach if it were nothing?  It must have been intentional.
It could be nothing.
You always have to find one singular thing to focus on.  There's always one thing, and it may be as small as a speck of dust, but you find it and focus... till it's an exhausted possibility.
This doesn't make any sense.
Have you found any plastic scrapings near the stove or sink?  Near the food?
Same color and texture.
I just don't think we should have that sort of relationship.  We'd start quarreling over insignificant things.
Okay... sure...  It's just that, with my old partner, you know...
Is that clear?
Yeah, well, all I want is...  Just, just don't be jerking me off.  That's all I ask.  Don't jerk me off.
I made a decision, because I have to consider the integrity of the scene.  I can't worry whether you think you're getting enough time on the playing field.
The badge in my pocket says "detective," same as yours.
Good.
Anyway... I did my time on door-to-doors, and walking a beat.  I did all that shit for a long time.
No.
You've seen my files, right?  Seen the things I've done?
Guessing at this point is useless.
You think it was poison?
I don't know.  Feel free to look for yourself, okay?
Is there any blood in it?
It's a bucket of vomit.
There's a bucket.  Under the table.
What?
There's a bucket here.
Please be quiet for a while, would you?
When we found him, he was lying there with a knife in his back, so what else could it be but homicide?  Except, I finally figured out... he held the knife behind him... put the tip of it in his own back and got real close to the wall... then he shoved his body backwards...
Then, why are we wasting our time?  This guy's heart's got to be roughly the size of a canned ham.  If this isn't a coronary, I don't know what is.
No one yet.
Who said this was murder?
For now.
Drop it.
And I wonder how many times Officer Davis there has found a dead man who wasn't really dead until Davis was in the car calling it in and eating a donut.
I wonder what exactly was the point of the conversation you were about to get into?
Well, over the next seven days, do me the favor of remembering it.
I realize that.
Not here.
I wasn't standing around guarding the local Taco Bell.  I've worked homicide for five and a half years.
Let me tell you how I want this to go.  I want you to look, and I want you to listen.
Maybe I thought I could do more good here than there.  I don't know.  Look, it'd be great by me if we didn't start right off kicking each other in the balls.  But, you're calling the shots, Lieutenant, so... however you want it to go.
It's very simple.  You worked a nice, quiet town, but you fought to get here as if your life depended on it.  I've just never seen it done that way before, Detective.
Maybe I'm not understanding the question.
You just met me.
I'm here for the same reasons as you, I guess.  Or, at least, the same reasons you used to have for being here before... before you decided to... quit.
All this effort you've made to get transferred, it's the first question that pops into my head.
I... I don't follow.
I meant to ask you something, Mills, when we spoke on the phone.  I can't help wondering... why here?
I need to start getting the feel of it all, right?  Meet the people.
Actually, if it's all the same, I'd like to get to the precinct house a.s.a.p.  Seeing how we don't have much time for this whole transition thing.
Since we're just starting out, I thought we could go to a bar... sit and talk for awhile.  After that, we'll...
I'm a little thrown.  I just got in town like twenty minutes ago and they dumped me here.
Why is this painting hanging upside-down?
What?
This painting...
I can't do this now... please.
Are you absolutely certain?
I don't see anything.
Anything... anything missing or different.
Please, I need you to help me if we're going to get who did this.
I don't know why... why now?
I need you to look at each one carefully... very carefully.  Look for anything that seems strange or out of place.  Anything at all.
I... I don't understand.
I'm sorry about this, Mrs. Gould.  I really am.
I can tell you now, I know... I'm positive I made the right decision.  I'm positive. But, there's never a day that passes that I don't wish I had decided differently.
I want to have children.  It's just...
Well, I got up one morning and went to work... just like any other day, except it was my first since hearing about the baby. And, I... I felt this fear and anxiety washing over me.  I looked around, and I thought, how can we raise a child surrounded by all this?  How can a child grow up here?  So, that night, I told her I didn't want us to have it, and over the next few weeks, I convinced her it was wrong.  I mean... I wore her down, slowly.
I hate this city.
Oh, Tracy... I have to tell you, I'm not the one to talk to about this.
I don't know...
You should look into private schools.
I've been going to some of the schools, looking for work, but the conditions here are... horrible.
He mentioned it.
I can't be a burden, especially now.  I know I'll get used to things.  I guess I wanted to know what someone who's lived here thinks.  Upstate, it was a completely different environment.  I don't know if David told you, but I teach fifth grade, or did.
Talk to him about it.  He'll understand if you tell him how you feel.
I don't know why I asked you to come.
You have to put blinders on sometimes. Most times.
Perfect example.
I'm sorry, I only...
I feel strange being here with you... without David knowing.
I don't sleep very well.
It's a hard place.
I mean, you known this city.  You've been here for so long.
If you can, please call me.  Please.  I have to go now... goodnight.
I don't know, with this case.
Too long.  What do you think so far?
How long have you lived here?
Any person who spends a significant amount of time with me finds me... disagreeable. Just ask your husband.
It surprises me.  It really does.
I was close once.  It just didn't happen.
I guess I won't be showing it to him then.
You have a strange way about you... I mean interesting.  I'm sorry.  It's really none of my business.  It's just nice to meet a man who talks like that.  If David saw that paper, he'd say you're a fag.  That's how he is.
No matter how often I see guns, I still can't get used to them.
Don't worry.  I don't wear it at the dinner table.
Really?
High school and college, yes.  Pretty hokey, huh?  I knew on our first date this was the man I was going to marry.  God... he was the funniest man I'd ever met.
I hear you and Mills were high school sweethearts.
What?  Oh, yes.  I mean, thank you.  Please, sit down.
It smells good.
It's a nice name.  William, I'd like you to meet David.  David... William.
Oh... um, William.
It's nice to meet you.  My husband has told me a lot about you... except your first name.
I don't know.
Did their son see it happen?
This is a done deal.  All but the paperwork.
Yes.  Look at all the passion splattered up on the wall here.
Crime of passion.
Why always like this?  Only after the fact... this sudden realization, that if you shoot someone, or stick a knife in them, that person will cease to exist.
When the patrolman came she was trying put his head back together.  She was crying too hard to say anything.
Did the wife confess?
Neighbors heard them screaming at each other for like two hours.  It was nothing new.  But, then they heard the gun go off. Both barrels.
Don't argue!...And stay close... Maybe they're rustlers...and maybe this dodderin' old idiot ain't so far wrong...
Now, Ethan, I ain't sure...
You're my brother...You're welcome to stay as long as you got a mind to...Ain't that so, Martha?
You askin' me to clear out now?
They gave up...went back to the cotton rows...So'd the Jamisons... Without Martha, I don't know...She wouldn't let a man quit.
Passed the Todd place comin' in... What happened to 'em?
It just happened to be me...No need to make any more of it...
It was Ethan found you squallin' in a sage clump after your folks was massacred...
That old goat still creakin' around?...Whyn't someone bury him?
But Mose Harper said...
How should I know?
How's California?
I wish Uncle Ethan was here. Don't you, ma?
What, Ben?
It's all right, ma...I been watchin'... Only I wish...
It's not a sword, ma...It's a sabre!  Did you kill many damYankees with this sabre, Uncle Ethan?
Not tonight...Ben, put that sword back.
That's enough...Go on inside and help Lucy set the table...You, too, Deborah!
An' she's got a beau! Kisses him, too!
Lucy's going on seventeen now...
What you saw was a buck wearin' Lucy's dress...  I found Lucy back there in that canyon...I wrapped her in my blanket an' buried her with m'own hands...I thought it best to keep it from you -- long as I could.
It was, I tell you!
What you saw wasn't Lucy.
Huh...? No...no water.
Why'd they break off?  Was there water in that canyon?
That'll be the day!...Let's ride.
You've said that enough!...Maybe Lucy's dead...maybe they're both dead...but if I hear it from you again, I'll fight ya, Mr. Edwards!
Naw...a human man rides a horse till it dies...then he goes on afoot...A Comanche comes along...gets that horse up...and rides it twenty more miles...Then he eats it.
They got to stop <U>sometime</U>...if they're human at all, they got to stop!
Why don't you finish the job?
Let's get along...
Stealing the cattle was just to pull us out...This here's a murder raid...  It shapes up to scald out either your place...or my brother's.
Killed every one -- an' not for food either...Why'd they do a thing like that?
I ain't wearing no gun.
It's all right...Charlie, let's move outside.
AND other things...Mebbe you thought you was gettin' away with being comical about that Indian wife you took...I bet she wasn't the first squaw you...
If you're talkin' about that crazy murder charge...
What right you got to be talkin' marriage to any decent woman...
As to that, I don't know, Charlie... We hadn't got around to talkin' marriage...
She sure is!...An' don't think your comin' back is goin' to change it!
<U>Charlie</U> <U>MacCorry</U>!...You weren't fixin' to marry HIM??
Yes sir...
Ethan, you an' Martin are hereby appointed civilian scouts -- without pay...Charlie, hightail it to head- quarters an' spread the word...
Now, now...let's not grow dis- putatious...
You're goin' if the captain says you're goin'...
Well, go get cleaned up and we'll proceed with the weddin'...
Dunno...Seems so.
You all right, sergeant?
In that case, give the boys room...
No sir...pleasure.
Is this in the line of duty, sergeant?
Well, that's seven we can score up to your brother, Ethan.
This 'un come a long way 'fore he died.
Another one, eh?
Go ahead, son...But at the first alarm, we're comin' in -- and we ain't goin' to have time to pick and choose our targets when we do...
I say NO!
Now mount up, son...
I didn't <U>want</U> to tell you...but maybe it's your right to know.
There sure is! I'm going to tell you somethin'...I wasn't going to speak of it...But I'll tell you now. Did you notice them scalps strung on Scar's lance?  Did you see the third scalp from the point of the lance? Long... wavy hair...
Now son, it's a bitter thing to say, but there's more than your sister at stake here.
Enough to go around...I'd say about a dozen apiece...Mount 'em up!
How many, would you say?
We can get within 500 yards...there's a hogback to the south.
<U>Captain</U>...Nope, wouldn't say that... Likely you had your reasons for killin' Futterman...Probably needed killin'...I'm speaking as a ranger now, not as a reverend...Fact that all three was shot in the back is the only thing that's raised some question -- that and a missin' gold piece known to have been on him just prior to his demise.
This an invite to a necktie party, Reverend?
I got to ask you and Martin to ride to the State Capitol with me, Ethan.
Comanches don't use their fists, reverend...Let 'em alone...
Fight fair, son...Use your fists!
Came here for a wedding, Ethan... Until that's over, I reckon 'reverend' will do...
Evenin'...evenin' Reverend...or do I call you 'Captain'...?
You got one now!
That's all right, Captain...I don't need any formal invitation to kill a Comanch...
I didn't give any order to fire!
How far's the river from here, Mose?
If you were tryin' to surround 'em, you sure succeeded.
Just keep goin'...
You got any more orders, Captain?
Yes, sir...But if you're wrong, <U>Captain</U> Clayton, don't ever give me another!
...as you have of findin' those girls alive by ridin' into 'em... I say we do it my way, Ethan...and that's an order!
What do you know about it?...What's a quarter-breed Cherokee know about the Comanche trick of sleeping with his best pony tied right beside him...You got as much chance of stampedin' their herd as...
I thought we were trying to get the girls back -- <U>alive</U>...We jump those Comanches, they'll kill 'em...You know that!
It's what we're here for, ain't it?
You're right sure you want to <U>jump</U> 'em, Ethan?
They're camped by the river -- 'bout twenty miles from here. Soon's it gets dark we'll circle out so's to jump 'em before day- break.
By what you preach...none!
What good does that do?
...like a flower and is cut down... <U>Amen</U>!
Amen!...Put an 'amen' to it!
He cometh forth like a...
I figger a man's only good for one oath at a time...I took mine to the Confederate States of America...  So did you, Reverend...
You fit a lot of descriptions.
Got a warrant?
I'm askin' as a Ranger of the sovereign state of Texas.
You askin' as a Reverend or a Captain, Sam?
Why?  You wanted for a crime, Ethan?
You can forget that...  Wouldn't be legal anyway.
Well, swear him out again!...I'll go with you.
He sure <U>is</U> goin'...He's sworn in.
You ain't goin'...
I don't believe in surrenderin'...I still got my sabre, Reverend...never turned it into any ploughshare neither!
Haven't seen you since the surrender.  Come to think of it, I didn't see you <U>at</U> the surrender.
Yes, sir...
All right...But keep your eye on me, boy...I'm the hard case you're up against here -- not these childish savages...If you don't hear me first time I holler, you better read my mind...I don't aim to raise no two hollers on any subject at hand...
But he knows THAT, sir...Can't I stay, sir?
God forbid...No, son, you flog on back and tell your pa where we're at...and where he's at...
If there's anything I can do, sir...
Well you found me...Good work, son...Good work.
Yes, sir...Troop's about ten miles back...The Colonel sent me looking for you...
Never mind...Your pa know you're out here?
Sir?
Go on! Whyn't you have your bugler sound the charge while you're at it??
Captain Clayton...Captain!
What in...?
Sonny, yonder's a passel of murderers, complete with Texican scalps an' white girl captive...You want to protect us, you just get out of our way...Now <U>skedaddle</U>!
But...but captain, we can't possibly take the field tomorrow...for your own protection...
You tell your pa a company of Rangers -- all fourteen of 'em -- fully armed an' equipped will be in the field by daylight...headin' for the south end of the Malapai. If he can catch up with us, well an' good...
Yesterday, one of our patrols picked up a man claims he was a prisoner with Scar till only two days ago... He talks crazy but I brought him along...Says he lives here...keeps mentioning a rocking chair.
And what makes you think he's in this territory?
Yes sir...We've received information about a band of Comanches under a chief named Scar...
JOINT action?
My pa wants to know...<U>Colonel</U> <U>Greenhill</U> wants to know how soon you could put a company of your Rangers in the field, fully armed and equipped, for joint punitive action against the Comanches.
Oh...Now what's this your pa wants to know?
Why Colonel Greenhill is Colonel Greenhill, sir...Commanding Officer, Fifth U.S. Cavalry...I'm Lieutenant Greenhill, sir.
Hold on, son...Who's this Colonel Greenhill you're talking about?
Colonel Greenhill's compliments, sir. The Colonel wishes to know how soon you could put a company of Rangers in the field, fully armed and...
I'm Clayton.
Is Captain Clayton here, Reverend?
These are my people...  Unnt-meah! Go! Go! <U>Please</U>!
I've come now...
I remember...from always...At first I prayed to you...come and get me... Take me home...You didn't come...
Debbie, think back! I'm Martin... remember? Remember how I used to let you ride my horse? Tell you stories? Don't you remember me, Debbie?
You lie! All white men lie...and kill...
No Debbie! That ain't what happened! They been lyin' to you...
They have done...nothing...They are my people...
I don't care what they've done to you...what happened...
We ain't goin'! We ain't goin' without you, Debbie...Ethan, get the horses...I'll try to keep her talkin'...
Unnt-meah!
Grab hold!...
Martin! Ride me as far as the well!
Seven Fingers...ay-eh...Seven...
Scar! Where's he holed in?
Ay-eh...Made out I was crazy...  Ate dirt...chewed grass...I fooled 'em, Ethan!...an' I got away...
Mose...try to remember!...You were in Scar's camp...
Where's Scar, Mose...SCAR?
Come f'r my rockin' chai'...ole Mose.
Ethan...I found a man's seen her... knows where little Debbie is!
Told ya, didn't I?
Swear it, Ethan?...Given word?
You help me find her, you got your rockin' chair...
Don't want no money, Ethan...jus' a place -- a roof over m' head...a little grub...a bunk to sleep in... an' a rockin' chair by the fire... my own rockin' chair by a fire...
Well, the reward still stands...
You were born old...
Ain't been too good...No sir, not too good...Gettin' old, Ethan...
Leggo my arm...You look mangier 'n ever.
Ay-eh...That's jest what I tole Joe Powers...That un's gettin' kinda sassy, ain't he, Ethan?
Steady, Daniel Boone! You don't want to miss...It makes them think their medicine's stronger than yours...
SURE!...They <U>WERE</U> here...Now they're out there...an' waitin' to jump us!...
Ay-eh...They was here...
Ain't yours yet.
Don't forget to come back with my thousand dollars.
In that case you won't find her -- and I won't get my thousand dollars.
And maybe you lie...
Scar's band was headin' north...to winter in at Fort Wingate...eatin' agency beef. That's what this buck said...Maybe he lied.
Keep talking.
Me neither...But this buck claimed he was a big war chief with the Nawyecky Comanches.
Scar? Never heard of any Chief Scar.
A young buck fetched it in late last summer...  Said it belonged to a captive chile of Chief Scar...
Talk!
You got it with you?
That's what I said.
You said there'd be a thousand dollar reward.
How'd you come by this?
That'll be the day...  'As we developed the village'... Next time you develop a village, hit it where the fightin' men are... You won't get any headlines for killin' squaws.
Keefer!..Put this man under arrest!
Are you sure they didn't die of carbine shots fired by a bunch o' Yank bluebellies so scared they couldn't tell the difference between a Cheyenne and a Comanche?
Well...I know there were some captives recovered...
My name's Edwards...I'm looking for my niece...she was in that camp when you attacked...
That camp you hit was Nawyecka Comanche...Chief Scar's bunch...
I beg your pardon?
<U>Cheyenne</U>! What Cheyenne?
Sir -- we charged!..Gentlemen -- and I hope you will quote me -- I cannot say too much for the courage of the men who followed me into that Cheyenne camp...
You don't remember it, but I remember. That was your mother's scalp!
I saw it...And don't try to tell me it was Aunt Martha's or Lucy's...
She's alive...Better she's alive and livin' with Comanches than her brains bashed out...
Livin' with Comanches ain't bein' alive...
I know you are...Only it ain't goin' to be that way...she's alive...
It's what I'm countin' on.
Wait! We go chargin' in, they'll kill her...and you know it.
What's goin' on?
What's that got to do with us?
She's been with the bucks! She's nothin' now but a...
You can keep your will!  I ain't forgettin' you was all set to shoot her yourself...What kind o' man are you, anyway.
Not no more.
'I, Ethan Edwards, being of sound mind and without any blood kin, do hereby bequeath all my property of any kind to Martin Pauley...'  I don't want your property.... 'Sides, what do you mean no 'blood kin?' Debbie's your blood kin...
We won't be here...Come on!
They'll be back...
Over there!
Go on! Get out of here while you can...
Debbie, you're comin' with us! Hear me?
How? She's even forgot her own language!
I don't know...Somethin' tied his hands...maybe hospitality...
Why didn't he make his move back there?
He's got to...All these years, run- nin', dodgin', knowin' we were after him...Now we caught up...It's him or us.
You figger Scar means to kill us?
Not likely.
Stay out here.
Cicatriz is Mex for <U>Scar</U>...an' he has a white girl in his tepee...Be seein' you...
Never heard of him...
Suit yourself...While you're enjoyin' your little conversation, I'll be ridin' out with Senor Fernandez here... The Comanch' medicine country ain't far...there's one camp with a chief named Cicatriz.
You breeds are all alike -- two drinks an'...
Lemme alone...
I ain't sure...Where's that doll?
No...She's not...
What'd the soldiers have to kill her for!..
Well, you're a widower now...
Ain't that too bad...If you feel that sorry for your kinfolk, I'm surprised you didn't take up with that squaw wife of yours...
Peaceful tribes depend on the buffalo, too....
Least, <U>THEY</U> won't feed any Comanches this winter...Killin' buffalo's as good as killin' Injuns in this country.
What's the sense in it!
Nine...  Ten!
Ethan, quit it!
Yeah, I kinda figgered you'd say that...Bein' a new husband and all...
I think maybe we oughta...
How should <U>I</U> know...She's YOUR wife!
Think she means for us to follow?
She ain't goin' back to her family, that's certain...not if she took off where the arrow points.
Beats me how she could get that pony out o' camp without neither of us hearin' a thing...
Look!  Scar?...  Do you know where he went? And if he has a girl with him...a <U>white</U> girl -- nai-bist pabo taibo...
You ask her!
Look?
Says her name's Wild Goose Flying in the Night Sky...but she'll answer to Look since it pleases ya...
Cut it out, will ya...
That's the way to train 'em. Looks like Mrs. Pauley's goin' to make you a fine beautiful wife...
And have her whole family after our scalps for floutin' one o' their women?...No sir! Come on, Mrs. Pauley...
Oh no! Tell her she's got to go back...
You got yourself a <U>wife</U>, sonny!
What?
<U>YOU</U> don't understand, ya chunkhead! <U>You</U> didn't buy any blanket! Ya bought <U>her</U>!
Think it might be...?
What I heard back there was that a band o' hostile Nawyeckas came through this way less'n two weeks ago...
Forget it...
But I just bought a good blanket.
When are you goin' to learn to keep your mouth shut! Come on. Let's get out of here.
Scar?
Let's go...I think I stumbled onto somethin'...
Whatchu doin'?...
He just couldn't wait...
Futterman?
You all settled an' comfortable now?
Oh...
Sorta like 'roundabout' -- like a man says he's goin' one place when he means to go just the reverse...
What's that?
Not so funny...if you recollect what 'Nawyecka' means...
Maybe I'm gettin' like Mose Harper -- my bones is cold tonight...
Hey! What's the idea...?
Good night.
Yeah...you want me to know I ain't got no kin -- no money -- no horses -- nothing but a dead man's clothes to wear!..You tole me that already... Now shut your head!
Martin...I want you to know some- thin'...
How? You got any horses, or money to buy 'em...You ain't even got money to buy cartridges...Jorgensen's offering you a good livin' here...
All right...I ain't got no kin... I'm goin' to keep lookin' that's all.
That don't make 'em kin...
I always felt like she was...Her folks takin' me in, raisin' me like one of their own...
She's your nothin'...She's no kin to you at all!
Because she's my...my...
Why?
I ain't stayin'...I set out lookin' for Debbie...I aim to keep on...
He's agreed to take you on and share the increase from my herd while I'm gone...I'll be pushin' on tomorrow...
YOUR cattle?...<U>DEBBIE'S</U> cattle!
Jorgensen's been runnin' his cattle with my own...
Good night...
Good night...Laurie...
An Injun will chase a thing til he thinks he's chased it enough...Then he quits...Same when he runs...Seems he never learns there's such a thing as a critter that might just keep comin' on...So we'll find them in the end, I promise you that...We'll find them just as sure as the turning of the earth.
And you think we got a chance to find her?
No...our turnin' back don't change anything...not in the long run. If she's alive, she's safe...for a while...They'll keep her to raise as one of their own, 'til she's of an age to...
Say it. We're beat!
Get some sleep...Tomorrow's another day...
What you goin' to do?
Must've...Anyway, I ain't goin' back to look for it...
Say!...What happened to your blanket? Lose it?
Huh...?  Sure I'm all right...
You all right, Ethan?
No...nor build bonfires...nor beat drums neither. I'll meet you on the far side.
You want us to fire a shot if...
They're with 'em -- if they're still alive.
Sorry...We don't even know if Debbie 'n Lucy are with this bunch...Maybe they split up...
Easy on that!
If they're still alive...
Why, sure, Ethan...There's just the one thing we're after...finding Deborah and Lucy...
All right...but I'm givin' the orders...You take 'em or we split up here and now...
Leggo...
Nothing for you to see.
Easy!  It's forty miles, sonny...Horses can do with some grain and a little rest.
Well, come on!
Well, fust off...
Name's Ethan...Now what's so mighty fishy about this trail?
What you want me to call you?
Don't have to call me 'sir' neither... Nor grampaw neither...Nor Methuselah neither...I can whup you to a frazzle.
Yes, sir.
Stop callin' me 'uncle'...I ain't your uncle.
Somethin' mighty fishy about this trail, Uncle Ethan...
You've done a lot of growin'...
Not quite...Quarter Cherokee. The rest is Welsh...So they tell me.
Time's running out...But I'm obliged to you.
That's the breed...Course it might take time.
Comancheros...
There's one thing. We recovered a bushel of trinkets in that camp... cheap stuff...trade goods...Couldn't help noticing that most of it was Mexican...Maybe if you could talk to some of those Mexican traders along the border...What do they call themselves?
Well, we only got the one lead -- Scar...And where we begin to look, I don't know...
They're not white any more -- they're <U>Comanche</U>!...Let's see the bodies...
Hard to realize they're white, isn't it...
Not far from it...
Was your niece about their age?
I've seen her...and she's alive.
You've seen her!...She's alive?
She's not a little girl any more.
No...not yet...
Yes!..Yes, I remember!..Have they found her, Ethan?
You ever see it before...like mebbe on a dress Debbie wore?
Why it's just a snip of calico...
Don't go blamin' yourself...
I got your boy killed.
Well, you did all a body could, Ethan.
I am...I am...It's just that I know Martha'd want you to think of her boys as well as her girls...And if the girls are...dead...Ethan, don't let the boys waste their lives in vengeance!
I'd be obliged if you'd get to the point, ma'am.
Yours truly...  And he even has to write his full name...Martin Pauley...not even just <U>Martie</U>!...  I don't care if he <U>never</U> comes back!
They never find that girl.
A little Comanche squaw - SQUAW!
Every young man should at least once...Go on, Laurie! Read!
That means Mister Futterman is dead, by golly.
The <U>late</U> Mister Futterman?
Dear Miss Laury...I take pen in hand to let you know Ethan and me still are trying to catch up with them Com- anches the late Mister Futterman told us about...
Who cares what he spells it? Read the letter.
'Dear Miss Laury'...He spells it with a Y instead of an I...E...Wouldn't you think he'd know...
From the beginning...
Oh, all right! Well...Martin says...
Only if I'm dead!
Do you know what Ethan will do if he has a chance?...He'll put a bullet in her brain! And I tell you Martha would want him to!
<U>Laurie</U>! Shut your mouth!
Fetch <U>what</U> home?...The leavin's of Comanche bucks -- sold time an' again to the highest bidder?...With savage brats of her own, most like?...
I got to fetch her home...
It's too late...She's a woman grown now...
You crazy?
Martie...don't go! Not this time.
You do and I'll die, Martie...I will! I'll just die!
Don't cry, Laurie...I understand how it is...I'll just go 'way...
It isn't fair...
But I allus loved you...You know that, without my sayin' it...I couldn't bring myself to ask you to wait...the little I had... not knowin' how much longer until we found Debbie...
No, it wasn't...You mighta said you loved me...You mighta asked me to wait...At least that'd have been something...
It wasn't much of a letter...
One letter in five years...I read it till the paper dried up and the writing faded out...
I...I wrote you a letter...Reckon you didn't get it...
I can't help it, Laurie...I just gotta catch up with Ethan...
Take it and welcome...but don't count on finding me here when you get back...I've been dallying around this god-forsaken wind-scour almost two long years waitin' for you...I ain't cut out to be an old maid!
But that's Sweet-face -- your own good horse.
Go on then! Pa's in the barn saddlin' the Fort Worth stud... an' you can take the light gelding with the blaze...
I gotta catch up with him, Laurie!
Finish your breakfast...
Futterman!...He's got a little tradin' post on the South Fork o' the Brazos...Laurie, I just got to get me a good horse! Think yer pa would...
Shush!...Time for bed anyway...  Likely these'll need some takin' in...Oh, Martie, you're that gaunted! ...Ma's havin' a turkey for dinner tomorrow and...
Might at least have left me my pants!
Wouldn't bother me...  I wouldn't try it in front of pa, though, was I you...
You talk like a feller might just as leave run around nekkid...
I'm a woman, Martie...  We wash and mend your dirty clothes all our lives...When you're little we even wash <U>you</U>....How a man can ever make out to get bashful in front of a woman I'll never know...
Well I ain't one of 'em!
What you gettin' red-in-the-face for?...I have brothers, haven't I?
Ain't worth the mendin'...
Don't go takin' that stuff...
Sorry...  Keep the column moving!..Close ranks there!
But couldn't you...?
You'll have to wait until we reach the agency...Fall in behind the column...
Where?
We got two around that age...
She'd be about thirteen now...
You don't remember?
For God's sake, what happened to me?
I wouldn't have made it by myself.
How did you get me out of there?
I have a yearning for... smog, cars and many, many people... A real dirty... big city. What do you think?
What?
...So he's dictating you a new bestseller?  Whatever that is, it's not our son.
You know, Tommi wants me to become the man I used to be.
Your book - that's why you were always in the cellar!
It's important - he knows the last chapter.
'HE'?  Whom do you mean-
I told you, there is no way out. He won't let you go.
We loved each other once.  Have you forgotten that?
Oh, Ellen.  My sweet Ellen... Of course I knew.
What are you talking about-
Of course you'll give me the blame again.  Like back then.  Just a tiny cut and he could still be alive today - isn't that right, Ellen?
Martin, damnit, what are you up to? Let go of me!
You know what I have to do now, and believe me:  I don't enjoy doing this.
It's simply too dangerous here! But no, you always have to have it your way.
Martin, what-
Damn it, look at you!  Don't you see what's happening with you?  We need to get out of here, don't you understand?  Out of this house!
Will you finally cut it out?  Just in case you haven't noticed, I am trying to write a book here.  And maybe - even with your birdbrains - you can figure it's a pretty tough job. So why can't you just leave me alone?
Okay, so the house has a history and there might still be a couple of corpses in the moors.  "There is something negative about the place..."  What the hell are you trying to say?  Come on!  Spit it out!
This house, the whole damned area around here is one mass grave... Now you might call me crazy, but there is something negative about the place.
During the Middle Ages people were executed at every corner.  What's your point?
Hi, darling.
Let me guess:  Another short circuit?
An animal?  What kind of animal? A goddamned T-Rex, or what?
Maybe an animal.
Old?!  Come look at this!  She has wounds.  Wounds on her head.  Like thrashes.  Or bites.
She was old.
Look at this!  The dog!  She's dead!
What?
I haven't the slightest idea.
Who's that?
The house - Tommi - something just doesn't jive here...
What? What am I supposed to sense?
It's just a feeling.  Don't you sense it, too?
Ellen, what are you trying to prove, anyway?  That we've created ourselves a ghost?  Come on!
"Events commonly interpreted as haunting apparitions often result from psychic disharmonies or undigested traumatic ordeals..."
In the village.  Look what I found.
Where have you been?
Oh, baloney.  You should just hear yourself talk!
But that's not the point! What if all these things are somehow connected?
I went to see Prof. Roth!  You know, I had another one of those dreams last night.  I saw Tommi!
Where have you been all day?
Why not?  She can guard the house. By the way, I gave her a name: Clara.
Don't tell me you've made friends with that wandering flea circus?
No, thanks.  I have everything I need.  Drive safely, you hear?
Hey, you're still here.  I suppose you like it here with us.
Yeah... I have to go to town.
So, did you sleep good?
Come on, at least try one.  It took me two hours to make these.
Now, what did I do to deserve this?
Come on, this isn't about honesty. You just need a good night's sleep. The way you toss and turn all night, even I hardly get any sleep.
Well, apparently it was a big mistake to try talking to you. Don't you remember what we promised to each other?  Honesty - trust!
You know, it's not always easy for me, either.  But at least I try not to give in to each and every neurosis.
Martin, it's not funny!
Someone from the village.
Who was that?
If we stand a chance at all, it's only by sticking together.
Maybe different.  I don't know, Ellen.
Do you really think anything can ever be like it was before?
So do I, believe me.
I miss Tommi so much.
And two months later, we got married.  And all because of one sentence:  "With you, my life began and with you shall it end..."
I was so excited about meeting you. Again and again, I kept getting in the back of the line so I could be the last to talk to you.
Not a book fair.  I was signing autographs in a department store.
Cherry-red Tears, your first book. I read it at least nine times.  And then I found out you were going to attend some kind of book fair.
What?
Cherry-red Tears.
We just have to make a new beginning.
I have a funny feeling.  Do you think we'll get over all that's happened?
Hey, take your time.  You know time heals better than any shrink ever can.
Maybe I should talk to Dr. Roth about it.
I just had a really strange experience.
Is everything alright?  Aren't you feeling well?
Making our very own solstice fire.
What are you doing?
Well, if you won't let me smoke grass, then at least I'll go get myself some cigarettes.
Where are you going?
Yes, daddy.
Hey, flower child, the sixties are over.  And this stuff is hazardous to your health.
My father was a pilot.  And do I know how to fly?
My father was an electrician. Already forgot that?
You?
I'll do it myself.
Do you have a better idea?
Are you crazy?  That costs a fortune!
We'll call for someone from town first thing in the morning.
Look at this!  We'll have to fix the whole wiring.  This stuff is dangerous as hell.
In the cellar, I think. Wait, I'll take care of it.
Do you know where fuse box is?
Oh, damnit!
Hey... the fuse.
We're probably lucky that we even have running water and electricity! Damned box!
Maybe the antenna's broken.
Oh, that was upstairs.  A real antiquity!  I think it's great.
I mean the armchair!
It still worked in town.
What kind of a horrible thing is that?
Well then, I guess I'd better leave the two of you alone.  But don't forget...
Oh, the muse... we're still having our differences.  You know how it is with women.
Me and the muse, of course.  How is your book coming along?
They say it's fantastic.  At least that's what I read in a men's magazine.  So who are the two lucky ones?
So, how does it feel to be kissed by two women?
You'll never get away from me!
Stop that!
Oh God, Tommi...
Ellen, move aside...
What else should I do, damn it, he's dying!
You're not a doctor, you'll hurt him!
I have to cut his windpipe...
"With you, my life began and with you shall it end..."
Say it anyway.  Come on, how much do you love me?
Come on, say it.  You know...
Why else?
I don't know all about what happened back then.  But it always stood between me and my husband.
But what is the truth?
That's alright.  Don't misunderstand my husband.  It's only that he's already had enough problems with this case. And who would believe him if he told the truth?
Thank you.  Elisabeth, I didn't mean to...
Frank Kosinski.  Here's the address.  Go see him.  Ask him.
Oh no, no.  You're not bothering him.  He has lots of time since he's been retired.
I really hate to bother him, but...
Thank you.
Oh, Ellen!  I've been wondering when you'd come.  Why don't you step in.
You're doing fine, aren't you?  I mean... the two of you alone in that house, so far out in the moor.
Ellen.
I appreciate your concern, but we live in that house.  I need to know what happened in there.
Do yourself a favor:  Don't ask.
1976.  What happened back then?
You know, after doing that job for so many years, you learn to appreciate the simple things in life.  Flowers incorporate a beauty that I always missed in life.  But certainly, you're not here to chat about my hobbies.
Wait, won't you join me for a cup of coffee?
I guess it's too lonely for most folks.  It's time for me to get going. It's been a pleasure meeting you.
Village gossip.  You're a real attraction here.
Do I look like it that much?
It's a pleasure.  You're from the city, right?
Ellen Straub.
You know, I saw him sitting outside your gate...  Oh, I'm sorry, I'm forgetting my manners again!  I haven't even introduced myself yet. Hi, my name's Lindner. Karl Lindner.
No, I've never seen him before.
Does this dog here belong to you?
Hello.  Can I help you?
We can do all of that later, but first you need to calm down.
It all went so fast.  He was out of his mind and then all of sudden there was this screwdriver.  I only wanted to defend myself.  You have to call the police...
I think I've killed him.  Martin, my husband, I've killed him!  That is, I'm not sure, but...
What?
I've killed my husband!
Mrs. Straub!
A tumor - which could cause pressure on certain parts of the brain and, thus, influence your perception.
And that is?
There is, of course, another possible explanation which I dearly hope is not the case.
Listen, it's one thing to have a guilt complex. But I know the difference between when I'm overstrung and when I'm seeing things that are simply not there! Besides, it only began after we moved!
How could I fail to notice that! - I have to go...
Hammer?
Yes, something was...
Peculiar?  You mean, like back then?
I think it's starting again. You know... there was something peculiar.  If only I knew...
Well, it will never leave us alone as long as you ignore it.
We should leave the past alone.
You didn't tell her!
Excuse us.  But do stop by for a visit sometime!  You are welcome anytime.
Stop scaring people.  Let's go. We need to be on our way.
Just call me Elisabeth.
Oh, Mrs. Straub.  May I introduce you to my wife?
Not so bad, if I could get some peace and quiet around here.
Hey, my man!  How's the masterpiece coming along?
I wonder how you guys figure on renovating this whole place.  You can afford to spend some money.  If I was you, I'd spare myself all the hard work.  Besides, didn't you want to start writing again?
Twenty-three, to be exact.
I guess someone lost their key. You did get your tetanus shots, I hope?
Look at this.  The lock is totally demolished.
Very funny.
Tenth floor.
Damn, this thing is heavy. Where do you want to have it?
Ladies and gentlemen: The "Straub country-residence".
Well, look here!
He was the first man among us. A great light has gone out.
Ohwhat have I done?
And you are a Warwickshire shit-house.
You are a gentleman.
Thank you, Ned.
Romeo and Juliet--just a suggestion.
Ah
The title won't do.
Oh
It's good.
NedI knowI know
The speech is excellent.  "Oh, then I see Queen Mab hath been with you!" Excellent and a good length. But then he disappears for the length of a bible.
You did not like the speech?
Locked safe in here. I leave the scene in your safe keeping, Ned, I have a sonnet to write.
WillWhere is Mercutio?
Mercutio
And the title of this piece?
We are in desperate want of a Mercutio, Ned, a young nobleman of Verona
Viola De Lesseps. Known her since she was this high. Wouldn't deceive a child.
Lady?
Thank you, my lady!
Writer, is he?
Oh, Thomas! She has cut my strings! I am unmanned, unmended, and unmade, like a puppet in a box.
Sir Robert De Lesseps.
Do you know that house?
I had the Christopher Marlowe in my boat once.
Really?
Yes, I've seen you in something. That one about a king.
Yes.
I know your face. Are you an actor?
Right you are, governor!
Follow that boat!
Treachery!
You did. But Ned Alleyn and the Admiral's Men have the playing of it as the Rose.
I gave Shakespeare two sovereigns for Romeo!
Well, I am to Deptford now, I leave my respects, Miss Rosaline.
Never!
Romeo?--he gave it to Henslowe.
What is money to me like us? Besides, if I need a play, I have another waiting, a comedy by Shakespeare.
Twenty pounds on delivery
Wait!  Will you desist!
Then tomorrow you will have the pages.
Tomorrow.
You have the money?
You have the last act?
My Massacre at Paris is complete.
What do you want, Kit?
See you in jail.
We will all be put in the clink.
No Juliet?!
We have no Juliet!
Ask him.
And what favour does Mr. Tilney receive from you?
The Queen has commanded, she loves a comedy and the Master of the Revels favours us.
Burbage, I will see you hanged for a pickpocket.
Done.
Here is two sovereigns--I'll give you two more when you show me the pages.
Ned is wrong for it.
I swear it. He wants Romeo for Ned and the Admiral's Men.
You're a liar.
Ten pounds.
How much?
It's for Henslowe. He paid me.
I will play him. Bring it tomorrow.
Romeo
The title?
Romeo. Wit, swordsman, lover.
What is the chief part?
A comedy. All but done, a pirate comedy, wonderful.
Are you writing?
When I have fifty pounds.
Not from me. I only stole it. When are you coming over to the Chamberlain's Men?
I am still owed money for this play, Burbage.
There is no dog in the first scene, Will Kempe, thank you. How goes it Will?
The woman who wears the snake will dream of you, and your gift will return. Words will flow like a river. I will see you in a week.
Will it restore my gift?
yet cannot love nor write it.
So now you are free to love
Four years and a hundred miles away in Stratford. A cold bed too, since the twins were born. Banishment was a blessing.
No, your marriage bed.
On my mother's side the Ardens
And your relations?
She had a cottage. One day, she was three months gone with child, so
A woman of property?
No, no. You have a wife, children
A goodly length in times past, but lately
How long has it been?
Tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love?
It is like trying to a pick a lock with a wet herring.
Most interesting.
Nothing comes.
Interesting.
I have lost my gift.  It's as if my quill is broken. As if the organ of the imagination has dried up. As if the proud tower of my genius has collapsed.
I am here to help you. Tell me in your own words.
Aye, now and again, but what of it? I have lost my gift.
Black Sue, Fat Phoebe, Rosaline, Burbage's seamstress; Aphrodite, who does it behind the Dog and
And yet you tell me you lie with women?
Words, words, wordsonce, I had the giftI could make love out of words as a potter makes cups out of clay love that overthrows empires, love that binds two hearts together come hellfire and brimstonesfor sixpence a line, I could cause a riot in a nunnerybut now
And buys a deadly poison. He enters the tomb to say farewell to Juliet who lies there cold as death. He drinks the poison. He dies by her side. And then she wakes and sees him dead.
That's me.
I have not said all. By malign fate, the message goes astray which would tell Romeo of the Friar's plan. He hears only that Juliet is dead. And thus he goes to the Apothecary.
By heaven, I thank you! I will be your Apothecary!
Mr. Fennyman, because you love the theatre you must have a part in my play. I am writing an Apothecary, a small but vital role.
Of course, it was mighty writing. There is no one like Marlowe
Yes, I saw it.
I saw his Tamburlaine, you know. Wonderful.
Who is that?
Gentlemen! Thank you! You are welcome.
Sad and wonderful! I have a blue velvet cap which will do well, I have seen apothecary with a cap just so.
Well, that will have them rolling in the aisles.
The Apothecary? Will, what is the story? Where is the shipwreck? How does the comedy end?
Mr. Shakespeare has given me the part of the Apothecary!
Henslowe, you pound of tripe, in my business I would be out of business if I had your courage, so don't tell me about business
I want no more trouble, Mr. Fennyman. As I explained to you, the theatre business
Yes, but very well.
But nothing is happening.
Very well.
Is it going well?
Oh, it's coming, it's coming.
Where is the play?
I don't know. It's a mystery.
How?
Nothing. Strangely enough , it all turns out well.
So what do we do?
Mr. Fennyman, let me explain about the theatre business.  The natural condition is one of insurmountable obstacles on the road to imminent disaster. Believe me, to be close by the plague is a bagatelle in the ups and downs of owning a theatre.
by order of the Master of the Revels!
Oh, that.
The theatres are all closed by the plague!
What have I done, Mr. Fennyman?
This time we take your boots off!
Without doubt he is completing it at this very moment.
Romeo and Ethel The Pirate's DaughterAlmost finished?
Mr. Fennyman, I think you may have hit on something.
Of course not!
There's never any
A share of the profits.
But I have to pay the actors and the authors.
Good title.
Romeo and Ethel the Pirate's Daughter.
What's the title?
It's a crowd-tickler--mistaken identities, a shipwreck, a pirate king, a bit with a dog, and love triumphant.
Partners!
And a share. We will be partners, Mr. Fennyman!
And his ears.
A new comedy. By Will Shakespeare!
Cut his nose off.
It's a comedy.
Put his feet in.
I have a wonderful new play!
Take his feet out. Where will you get
Two weeks, three at the most, Aaaagh! For pity's sake.
When?
Every word.
Do you know it?
Thomas Kent!
Who are you?
What happened to Sam?
it will be all right, madam.
No Juliet?!
I am so sorry, Mr. Henslowe. I wanted to be an actor.  I am sorry, Will.
It is over.
Nobody knew!
Ned, I swear I knew nothing of this!
I don't know. It's a mystery.
How will it?
Juliet does not come on for twenty pages. It will be all right.
Go on.
The show must  you know
What do we do now?
Another little problem.
I don't know, it's a mystery.
How will it?
No, it will turn out well.
We are lost.
By God, Will, if you do not, who does? Let us have pirates, clowns, and a happy ending, or we will send you back to Stratford to your wife!
By God, I wish I knew.
God's teeth, am I to suffer this constant stream of interruption?!  What will you do in Act Two when he meets the love of his life?
Juliet? You mean Ethel.
What?
The one who came with your letter?
Romeo.
What? Who?
Cut round him for now.
You want to know what parts you are to receive. All will be settled as we go
It is customary to make a little speech on the first day. It does no harm and authors like it.
We are about to embark on a great voyage.
Nobody. The author.
We are at least four acts short, Will, if you are looking for disaster.
We are at least six men short, and those we have will be overparted, ranters and stutterers who should be sent back to the stews. My Romeo has let me down. I see disaster.
Tomorrow
Well, I to my work, you to yours. When can I see pages?
I did not.
My tailor. Wants to be an actor. I have a few debts here and there. Well, that seems to be everybody. Did you see a Romeo?
Yes. Nearly.  It's all locked safe in here. We need Ralph for the Pirate King. Good morning, Master Nol. You will have a nice little part.
Will! Have you finished?
Rosaline? You mean Ethel.
Romeo and Rosaline. Scene One! God, I'm good!
Is it about a pirate's daughter?
I feel a scene coming on.
To the Palace at Whitehall.
Now where? Will?
To my weekly confession.
Where are you going?
No, then.
Cut out my heart! Throw my liver to the dogs!
Burbage offers me a partnership in the Chamberlain's Men. For fifty pounds my hired player days are over.
Fifty pounds? What for?
Mr. Henslowe, will you lend me fifty pounds?
Half what you owed me. I am still due for One Gentleman of Verona.
Nobody! You are writing it for me! I gave you three pounds a month since.
Who wrote that?
No--it's comedy they want, Will! Comedy! Like Romeo and Ethel?
What piece? Richard Crookback?
Well, I am a dead man and buggered to boot. My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks, my company is playing the inn-yards of England, while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece, written for my theatre, by my writer, at my risk when you were green and grateful -
Henslowe, you have no soul so how can you understand the emptiness that seeks a soulmate?
Aphrodite Baggot who does it behind the Dog and Trumpet?
She is always Aphrodite.
Who is she this time?!
As soon as I have found my muse
God be praised!  Locked?
It is all locked safe in here
No, no, we haven't the time. Talk prose. Where is my play?
Doubt that the stars are fire, doubt that the sun doth move
Will! Where is my play? Tell me you have it nearly done! Tell me you have it started.  You have begun?
A different one you haven't written?
This is a different one.
I thought your play was for Burbage.
Good luck with yours, Kit.
Mercutiogood name.
His best friend is killed in a duel by Ethel's brother or something. His name is Mercutio.
The daughter of his enemy.
The daughter of his enemy.
Do you think?
Ethel.
Yes, that's good. Until he meets
Romeo isItalian. Always in and out of love.
Well, there's a pirate  In truth, I have not written a word.
What is the story?
Romeo and Ethel the Pirate's Daughter.  Yes, I know.
And yours?
Good title.
I have a new one nearly done, and better. The Massacre at Paris.
I love your early work. "Was this the face that launched a thousand ships and burnt the topless towers of Ilium?"
Not new--my Doctor Faustus.
I hear you have a new play for the Curtain.
I insist--and a beaker for Mr. Marlowe. The BARMAN does the business.
I have. And chinks to show for it.
Burbage says you have a play.
Wonderful, wonderful.
How goes it, Will?
Kit
"Out of her favour where I am in love."
"Of love?"
"Out."
"Not having that which, having, makes them short."
It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?"
"Ay me, sad hours seem long. Was that my father that went hence so fast?"
"But new struck nine."
"Is the day so young?"
"Good morrow, cousin."
Thank you. Let go, there's a good nurse.
God bless you!
I will.
Be good to her, my lord!
Will you ask Her Majesty to be patient?!
Be patient, my lord, she is dressing.
Not ready? Where is she?
It would be better that you tell her to get off her knees and show some civility to her six-day lord and master.
It would be better that you return tomorrow, my lord.
Piety is for Sunday! And two hours at prayer is not piety, it is self- importance!
Lady Viola is pious, my lord.
Two hours at prayer!
You will not tell. As you love me and as I love you, you will bind my breast and buy me a boy's wig!
My lady, this play will end badly. I will tell.
Oh, Nurse! He would give Thomas Kent the life of Viola De Lesseps's dreaming.
He looks well enough for a mountebank.
From tomorrow, away in the country for three weeks! Is Master Shakespeare not handsome?
Your mother, and your father
A comedy of quarreling families reconciled in the discovery of Romeo to be the very same Capulet cousin stolen from the cradle and fostered to manhood by his Montague mother that was robbed of her own child by the Pirate King!
Verona again.
He sees himself in me! Romeo Montague, a young man of Verona.
But I would be Valentine and Silvia too. Good Nurse, God save you and good night. I would stay asleep my whole life if I could dream myself into a company of players.
As a nurse.
No . . . not the artful postures of love, but love that over- throws life. Unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture. Love like there has never been in a play.  I will have love or I will end my days as a . . .
Like Valentine and Silvia?
All the men at court are without poetry. If they look at me they see my father's fortune. I will have poetry in my life. And adventure. And love. Love above all.
Well-monied is the same as well-born and well-married is more so. Lord Wessex was looking at you tonight.
I am not so well-born.
Playhouses are not for well-born ladies.
Be still.
But at the playhouse. Nurse?
When the Queen commands it.
But Silvia I did not care for much. His fingers were red from fighting and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons. Stage love will never be true love while the law of the land has our heroines played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats! Oh, when can we see another?
I liked the dog, for laughs.
Did you like Proteus or Valentine best? Proteus for speaking, Valentine for looks.
Oh, but they can!
But playwrights teach nothing about love, they make it pretty, they make it comical, or they make it lust. They cannot make it true.
Above Lord Wessex?
And I love poetry above all.
And--?
They are not acted for you, they are acted for me.
I love theatre. To have stories acted for me by a company of fellows is indeed
Speak out! I know who I am. Do you love stories of kings and queens? Feats of arms? Or is it courtly love?
Your Majesty
What do you love so much?
Your Majesty.
I have seen you. You are the one who comes to all the plays--at Whitehall, at Richmond.
Stand up straight, girl.
Your Majesty.
Give it to Master Kent. He will see it rightfully home. WESSEX gives his purse to VIOLA.
Fifty shillings.  Pounds.
Lord Wessex, as I foretold, has lost his wife in the play- house--go make your farewell and send her out. It's time to settle accounts.  How much was the wager?
As stories must when love's denied--with tears and a journey. Those whom God has joined in marriage, not even I can put asunder.
Indeed I am a bride short. How is this to end?
Why, Lord Wessex! Lost your wife so soon?
Your Majesty!
There was a wager, I rememberas to whether a play can show the very truth and nature of love. I think you lost it today.  You are an eager boy. Did you like the play?
Your Majesty
By and by I come to cease thy strife and leave me to my grief. A thousand times good night!"
"Madam!"
"I come, anon--But if thou meanest not well, I do beseech thee--"
"Madam!"
"All my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay, And follow thee my lord throughout the world."
"Go ask his name--If he be married, My grave is like to be my wedding bed."
"I know not."
I would have made you immortal.  Tell Burbage he has lost a new play by Will Shakespeare.
Will!
Burbage has my keeping but you have my heart.
Are you to be my muse, ROSALINE?
You left it in my bed. Come to look for it again.
I have lost my gift.
When will you write me a sonnet, Will?
"Parting is such sweet sorrow"
Sam! Do me a speech, do me a line.
It is not my fault, Master Shakespeare. I could do it yesterday.
Luck be with you, Sam.  Sam?
Master Shakespeare
Master Henslowe, you have your actors.
No, no, a touch of cold only. We suspect he is lying but WILL has turned away.
But your voice  Have they dropped?
I am, Master Shakespeare.
Mr. Pope! Mr. Phillips! Welcome, George Bryan! James Armitage!  Sam! My pretty one! Are you ready to fall in love again?
"The exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine."
"What satisfaction can'st thou have tonight?"
"O wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?"
I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes; And but thou love me, let them find me here.
I would not for the world!
"She speaks.
"Ay me."
"The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars As daylight doth a lamp. Her eyes in heaven Would through the airy region stream so bright That birds would sing and think it were not night. See how she leans her cheek upon her hand. O that I were a glove upon that hand, That I might touch that cheek.
"Sin from my lips? Oh trespass sweetly urg'd. Give me my sin again."
"Then have my lips the sin that they have took."
"Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purg'd."
"Oh then, dear saint, let lips do what hands to: They pray: grant thou, lest faith turn to despair."
"Ay pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer."
"Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?"
I like her.
As any mule in Christendom. But if you are the man to rider her, their are rubies in the saddlebag.
Is she obedient?
She will breed. If she do not, send her back.
My plantations in Virginia are not mortgaged for a nutmeg. I have an ancient name that will bring you preferment when your grandson is a Wessex. Is she fertile?
She is a beauty, my lord, as would take a king to church for a dowry of a nutmeg.
Yes, I know. But he was always hanging around the house.
But the plague
I have, Master Shakespeare.
You have opened the playhouses?
What does Burbage care of that? He is readying the Curtain for Kit Marlowe.
So this is the favour you find in the Chamberlain's Men.
Like you, I found him not at home!
I have to get back.
Wait, you'll see the cat bites his head off.
Oh. What is your name?
I like it when they cut heads off. And the daughter mutilated with knives.
You admire it?
I was in a play. They cut my head off in Titus Andronicus. When I write plays, they will be like Titus.
Better fortune, boy.
I'll be damned if you are!
I am Ethel, sir, the Pirate's daughter.
Who are you, master?
Write me well.
Good bye, my love, a thousand times good bye.
Nor you for me.
You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die.
I don't know. It's a mystery
How does it?
But all ends well.
and thus unable to declare her love
But fearful of her virtue, she comes to him dressed as a boy
Orsinogood name
At sea, then--a voyage to a new world?she lands upon a vast and empty shore. She is brought to the dukeOrsino.
Sold in marriage and half way to America.
An excellent beginning  Let him bea duke. And your heroine?
A comedy! What will my hero be but the saddest wretch in the kingdom, sick with love?
The Queen commands a comedy, Will for Twelfth Night.
If my hurt is to be that you will write no more, then I shall be the sorrier.
I have hurt you and I am sorry for it.
It was we ourselves did that. And for my life to come I would not have it otherwise.
I am done with theatre. The playhouse is for dreamers. Look where the dream has brought us.
A hired player no longer. Fifty pounds, Will, for the poet of true love.
"I have more care to stay than will to go. Come death, and welcome. Juliet wills it so. How is't my soul? Let's talk. It is not day."
"thou need'st not to be gone."
"It was the lark, the herald of the morn, No nightingale. Look, love, what envious streaks Do lace the severing clouds in yonder east. Night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day Stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops. I must be gone and live, or stay and die."
"Wilt thou be gone? It is not yet near day> It was the nightingale and not the lark That pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear. Nightly she sings on yon pomegranate tree. Believe me, love, it was the nightingale."
Will you read it for me?
But I will go to Wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
Nono.
If not Wessex the Queen will know the cause and there will be no more Will Shakespeare.
You cannot marry Wessex!
You were not dead before. When I thought you dead, I did not care about all the plays that will never come, only that I would never see your face. I saw our end, and it will come.
Oh, my love  You ran from me before.
I love you, Will, beyond poetry.
I was the more deceived.
Calf love. I loved the writer, and gave up the prize for a sonnet.
My love is no lie. I have a wife, yes, and I cannot marry the daughter of Sir Robert de Lesseps. It needed no wife come from Stratford to tell you that. And yet you let me come to your bed.
You lie in your meadow as you lied in my bed.
You lie.
He was not dead before. I would exchange all my plays to come for all of his that will never come.
You never spoke so well of him.
Marlowe's touch was in my Titus Andronicus and my Henry VI was a house built on his foundations.
A literary feud. Quite normal.
Will! What--?
Stage fighting!  Oh, Will! As Thomas Kent my heart belongs to you but as Viola the river divides us, and I will marry Wessex a week from Saturday.
I know how to fight!
You cannot, Wessex will kill you
Then I will go with you.
You follow your desire freely enough in the night. So, if that is all, to Greenwich I go.
To be the wife of a poor player?--can I wish that for Lady Viola, except in my dreams? And yet I would, if I were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
What will you have me do? Marry you instead?
You cannot! Not for the Queen herself!
Yes, this is not life, Will. This is a stolen season.
In heaven, perhaps. It is not a comedy I am writing now. A broad river divides my lovers--family, duty, fate--as unchangeable as nature.
Oh, but it will end well for love?
I found something in my sleep. The Friar who married them will take up their destinies.
Oh, but it is mine too!
That's my line!
"Good night, good night. As sweet repose and rest Come to thy heart as that within my breast. O wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?"
Yes, some of it is speakable.
Oh, Will!
I must. I must
Oh, do not go
It was the owl. Believe me, love, it was the owl.
It is broad day!  The rooster tells us so!
There is time. It is still dark.
Oh--no, no!
Let him be damned for his pages!
Mr. Henslowe?
Oh, let Henslowe wait.
It was the owl--come to bed
No, the morning rooster woke me.
Moonlight!
I must. Look-- how pale the window.
You would not leave me?
Well perhaps better than my first. 
And that was only my first try.
Oh
Even your play.
There is.
I would not have thought it. There is something better than a play.
It is strange to me, too.
I do not know how to undress a man.
Then kiss me again for I am not mistook.
I am.
Answer me only this: are you the author of the plays of William Shakespeare?
Wait! You are still a maid and perhaps as mistook in me as I was mistook in Thomas Kent.
Can you love a player?
Can you love a fool?
Oh, not for the world!
You can bring them with a word.
If they find you here they will kill you.
Oh my lady, my love!
Oh--I am him too!
Alas indeed, for I thought you the highest poet of my esteem and a writer of plays that capture my heart.
A lowly player.
Oh but why "alas?"
The same, alas.
Anon, good nurse. Anon.  Master Shakespeare?!
Will Shakespeare!
Who is there?
My lady!
Killed last night, in a tavern! Come, then, we'll say a prayer for his soul
He is dead?
Oh!--dear God, I did not think it would be me to tell you. A great loss to playwriting, and to dancing.
Mourning? Who is dead, my lord?
And on a day of mourning. I never met the fellow but once at your house.
It is to be expected on a Sunday.
I understand of course. It is to be expected.
I am going to church.
Bless me, I thought it was a horse.
It is not my riding day, my lord.
You look sad, my lady! Let me take you riding.
Lady Viola isyoung in the world. Your Majesty is wise in it. Nature and truth are the very enemies of playacting. I'll wager my fortune.
I meanYour Majesty, they do not, they have not, but I believe there is one who can
Ah! My lady! The tide waits for no man, but I swear it would wait for you!
Good morning, my lord!
I will do my duty, my lord.
She wants to inspect you. At Greenwich, come Sunday. Be submissive, modest, grateful and brief.
The Queen has consented?
Will you defy your father and your Queen?
It was your eyes. No, your lips.
But why me?
Why, yes! My fortune lies in my plantations. The tobacco weed. I need four thousand pounds to fit out a ship and put my investments to work--I fancy tobacco has a future. We will not stay there long, three or four years . . .
Virginia?!
How your mind hops about! Your father was a shopkeeper, your children will bear arms, and I will recover my fortune. That is the only matter under discussion today. You will like Virginia.
I do not love you, my lord.
Your father should keep you better informed. He has bought me for you. He returns from his estates to see us married two weeks from Saturday.  You are allowed to show your pleasure.
Do you intend to marry, my lord?
No. I have spoken to the Queen.  Her majesty's consent is requisite when a Wessex takes a wife, and once gained, her consent is her command.
You flatter, my lord.
I am aware of it, but it is beauty's privilege.
Lord Wessex. You have been waiting.
My lady VIOLA.
So my lord? I speak with him every day.
I have spoken with your father.
My lord.
My lady Viola.
It is, Thomas, but of good reputation. Come, there is no harm in a drink.
Oh!--it's--it's--oh, it's a house of ill- repute!
For one kiss, I would defy a thousand Wessexes!
But what of Lord Wessex?
Yes, by God! Love knows nothing of rank or riverbank! It will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king, and their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to God! So tell my lady, William Shakespeare waits for her in the garden!
I think the lady is wise to keep your love at a distance. For what lady could live up to it close to, when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine? Besides, can a lady born to wealth and noble marriage love happily with a Bankside poet and player?
Oh Thomas, a pair of pippins! As round and rare as golden apples!
What of her bosom?
Constantly. Without doubt. And plays the lute, she has a natural ear. And her bosom--did I mention her bosom?
She sings too?
Deeper. Softer. None of your twittering larks! I would banish nightingales from her garden before they interrupt her song.
And her voice? Like lark song?
Oh, Thomas, her lips! The early morning rose would wither on the branch, if it could feel envy!
And her lips?
Oh, if I could write the beauty of her eyes! I was born to look in them and know myself.
Yes, like rain and sun, like cold and heat.  Is your lady beautiful? Since I came to visit from the country, I have not seen her close. Tell me, is she beautiful?
Like a sickness and its cure together.
Yes, my aunt. But perhaps she wept a little. Tell me how you love her, Will.
Your aunt?
I  Her letter came to me by the nurse.
No. And yet she does where the ink has run with tears. Was she weeping when she gave you this?
Does she say so?
She loves me, Thomas!
It is only ours you can know.
And break her heart and mine?
If you love her, you must do what she asks.
She tells me to keep away. She is to marry Lord Wessex. What should I do?
Of course you have not! I have not written it!
I am very sorry, sir, I have not seen Act Two.
He is speaking about a baggage we never even meet! What will be left in your purse when he meets his Juliet?
No, sir.
Do you understand me?
Yes, sir.
Let me see you. Take off your hat.
Are you Mr. Shakespeare?
Wait there.
I . . .
Where did you learn how to do that?
My hat?
Take off your hat.
Thomas Kent. I would like to do a speech by a writer who commands the heart of every player.
Your name?
By God, I'll fight the lot of you
You are on my ground.
You upstart inky pup! Now I will show you your place, which is in hell!
That dog!
Marlowe? Oh yes, he is the one, lovely waistcoat, shame about the poetry.
An insolent penny-a-page rogue, Marlowe, he said, Christopher Marlowe--has he been to the house?
A theatre poet?
There was a man, poet--a theatre poet, I heard--does he come to the house?
A man, my lord?
Is there a man?
Oh, my lord, you will not shake me off, she never needed me more, I sear by your breeches!
On a more fortuitous occasion, perhaps
Her chaperone. My lady's country cousin.  My, but you be a handsome gallant, just as she said! You may call me Miss Wilhelmina!
Are you bringing your laundry woman?
Here we come at last, my lord!
Christopher Marlowe at your service.
By coveting my property. I cannot shed blood in her house but I will cut your throat anon. You have a name?
How do I offend, my lord?
I was a poet till now, but I have seen beauty that puts my poems at one with the talking ravens at the Tower.
"Poet?"
Your idea? Well, that fits. I mean, the two of you, that fits together. I should have seen that long ago.
I bought the tickets. One for her and one for me. It was my idea.
What?
Where will we go? Where will we go? Juliet?
Where do you think you'll go?
It's very kind of you to offer, but --
About the mail --
No, can't think of anything else that matters.
But more laughter than tears, I think? Yes. On balance? I mean, remember that time when -- oh, we could talk all night, but we have to go. Don't we, Juliet?
Yeah?
I mean, we've had ups and downs, right -- good times, bad times?
Not at all.
For the best. Exactly. I wouldn't want things to end on a downer.
Oh, no, no, no. Don't let it worry you. Not at all. It's probably for the best.
No, really, I am sorry, sorry to be ducking out on you like this. I hope you won't take it personally.
It's all right. I'll forward your mail.
Yeah, I'm sorry, but that's the way it is.
So I gathered.
You old devil. Well, anyway, as you can see, we're leaving.
Yeah, I was phoning your mother.
Sex lines? Is that it? Triple X-rated interactive fantasy? Old habits die hard.
Except the money.
They know? So what? They have nothing, there is nothing, to connect us to that bodies stuff.
They know.
They can know all they like, it won't do them the slightest bit of good --
But they know.
I beg your pardon?
I'm glad you're so certain, Alex. It makes us feel a whole lot better.
It doesn't neccessarily matter. They don't even know who those people are, and even if they did, they have nothing to connect them with us, nothing at all.
It wasn't deep enough. I told you it wasn't deep enough, but you wouldn't listen.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Your friends.
Who?
We just wanted to speak to you.
What for? What did you want? The money? Was that it?
Looking for you? Yes.
You looking for me?
Secure it? What do you mean -- you're gong to take it to a bank? You're not going to take it to a bank? You're not going to take it to a bank Or what, you want to bury it? Is that it?
I want to secure it.
If you give me the plate, I'll eat.
Not eating like you used to, that's what.
Not eating what?
You're not eating.
Nothing.
What's wrong?
No, I'm sure, that'll be enough.
You're sure? There's lots more.
What? Yes, that's fine.
Oh, that'll come in useful.
I fitted a lock up there. On the inside.
What's all this for, more security?
No, it doesn't. I tried to let it worry me but it won't. I've worked on that paper for three years. There is a pensioner's terror ordeal on page six every day. Every day. Maybe when I'm a pensioner it'll worry me.
Doesn't it worry you?
Downstairs, I know. Pensioner's terror ordeal: page six.
There was a break-in.
From what? Jehovah's Witnesses?
Security.
What is this?
I don't know.
How much?
I don't know.
How much did you pay?
I don't know.
How much did you pay?
You think so?
Yeah, but you were good, you were really good. Fucking bin-bag', I liked that. You were good. You explored your maleness to the full there.
Anyway, what I was wanting to say was this --
Good luck. I love that guy, but why does he have to follow us around?
After.
Now.
After you drink to love and happiness forever.
I want to talk now.
What's the problem?
Just stop worrying.
Listen, it's important. We need to talk about what we're going to do --
Not now. I have an idea.
Can we talk about something?
That was good.
Yes. Now come on, all or nothing.
Is this necessary?
Don't you worry about that.
Is that going to be deep enough?
But not quite.
Finished.
Look, if I draw the short straw, then I'll do it, but I'm not going to do it just because you won't.
I don't know.
Take his legs.
I just thought we should discuss it.
Family? Family? Friends? Drugged-up wandering suicidal search of the self fuck-ups don't have families, David.
I'm just telling you I can't cut him up.
You're telling me you want out? Already? You're telling me you don't want the money? Hugo is going off. He smells. The flat smells. We can't wait any longer.
I won't be able to.
I don't hear this.
I can't do it.
We all are, David, we're all going to do it. Each of us, you, me and Juliet, will do his or her bit. Is that fair enough?
You know what. Who's going to do it.
Do I? What? What? What are you talking about?
You know what I'm talking about.
Then what? Who's going to do what?
No, not that.
Dig the pit, I don't know.
So who's going to do it?
A spade, we need a spade -- I wish you would concentrate -- we need a spade if we're going to dig a pit.
Now what else? DAVID I don't know.
And what about you?
You call them if you want.
When are you going to let the police know?
He couldn't get his car started.
He's still here.
All right, then, go ahead, telephone. Telephone the police. Try again. No one's going to stand in your way. Go ahead. Tell them there's a suitcase of money and you don't want it.
You think so?
But don't tell me that you're not tempted by it. Don't tell me that you're not interested. I know you well enough.
It's asick idea, Alex. It's sick.
I'm only asking you both to think about it.
You mean immoral.
Juliet?
No.
Come on, David.
No.
Think about it.
No.
Can I show you something?
I saw my grandmother, of course, but I don't suppose that counts. I mean, she was alive at the time.
No.
Yes or no, yes or no, yes or --
Alex, I don't have the time --
Have you seen him?
No, she's not in. Without waiting for any more, he replaces the reciever and walks to the door, where he picks up the mail. On his way back from the door, David emerges, ready to go to work.
It's true. A newspaper is paying for all this. A newspaper...
Only on expenses.
Why, thank you, David.
He made it clear.
I don't have time to discuss it now. I don't care so long as he's not a freak.
I'm only asking what you think.
I don't have time.
About this guy, this Hugo person.
About what?
What do you think?
Discussion group, Alex, discussion.
You learn that in your psychotherapy group?
Victory is the same as defeat. It's giving in to destructive competitive urges.
I don't want to devalue your victory, but I just want you to know: I wasn't trying to win.
I haven't lost yet.
You're a bad loser.
Will you shut up and play.
Chess. Chess is often used as well.
What?
In the same fashion as chess.
Just serve.
I was trying to educate you.
Serve.
Squash is often used as a metaphor to represent a struggle for personal domination.
With which of the following figures do you most closely identify: Joan of Arc, Eva Braun or Marilyn Monroe?
Turning very briefly to the subject of corporate finance -- no, this is important. Leveraged buy-outs -- a good thing or a bad thing?
Or maybe just phone out for a pizza?
Do a little freebasemaybe, from time to time?
I'd like to ask you about your hobbies.
All right, just a few questions.
I don't know -- Campbell or something?
What's his name?
Well, I've got this story, it's really good, I'm working on, that is good, I feel it could be big, it this, eh, and it's, you know, it's incredible. Am I right, did you say beyond recognition'?
Don't know what?
I don't know.
Animals involved? I know, but you need a change. And besides, we're short.
But there's no --
Well?
Cover it?
Of course you don't know anything about it. If you knew anything about it, I wouldn't have to send you over there to cover it.
I don't know anything about it.
Out in the woods. Three bodies. Decomposed. Mutilated. Beyond recognition.
Tell you what. If you do remember seeing any of these guys, maybe you could give me a phone, on this number, any time you like.
Right.
I see.
What? Uh, no, no, it's a fake. I picked it up in Thailand. The second hand doesn't sweep, you see.
Yes.
Just one thing.
Oh, no problems. Don't worry.
Sorry to waste your time.
That's all?
That's it, then.
No, not any more. I just wondered if it would surprise you.
Parked outside?
What?
Well, is it?
Yes, I suppose so.
And if I told you their car was parked outside, would that surprise you?
I don't know them.
Take another look at these two.
I've never seen any of these men before.
Well, then?
No. Why should it?
That's because he is. Does that upset you?
It looks like he's writing everything down.
What does it look like?
Are you recording it?
This is just an informal discussion.
Is this being recorded?
Nothing. We thought you were someone else.
What?
So tell me, Cameron, what on earth -- just tell me, because I want to know -- what on earth could make you think that we would want to share a flat like this with someone like you?
Well, yes.
Spacious, quiet, bright, well appointed, all that sort of stuff, all that crap.
Yes.
Yes. It is, isn't it? We alllike it. And the room's nice too, don't you think?
Oh, yes, it's great.
And you like it?
Yes.
Good. Well, you've seen the flat?
Yes, thanks.
Well, Cameron, are you comfortable?
What?
That's right.
Let him go. Let him take it all.
Stop him, Alex. You've got to stop him.
No.
Don't you ever stop?
Don't worry about it. I'd do exactly the same, but I don't think I'm his type.
You mustn't take it so badly.
The perfect couple, I should say.
It's about me and David.
That's what I thought he said.
It makes us feel a whole lot better.
Oh, shut up, Alex.
Of course, but I think you'll find the print medium provides a more lucid and detailed --
We were just sorting things out.
I don't know. I thought maybe I was --
Yes, of course. Why wouldn't I be?
Are you all right?
As smart as you are, you'll need a little help.
What?
Alex.
Everything. Except maybe that it was his idea and not mine in the first place. OK? That's important to me. I need to die misunderstood.
Everything.
And if it sounds like I'm being killed, you'll phone the police, you'll tell them everything?
I'll wait there.
You'll wait in the hall?
No, I'm not frightened. A little terrified maybe. Did you see what happened to the last two who tried that? They went up alive and they came down dead -- the difference, I mean, alive dead dead alive, that sort of thing. It wasn't difficult to spot. He killed them both: he cut them up.
You're frightened.
I refuse.
It's the only way.
No, definitely not. And that's that. I refuse to discuss it further.
Well, I'm not expecting anyone either.
Aren't you going to answer it?
Oh.
No.
Expecting anyone?
Forget it -- he'll come down.
Now you thought of that, not me.
Where he can't get it?
We could put it somewhere.
And the money?
He isn't safe up there. If you really cared about him, you'd use your influence to get him down, then he'd be safe.
Forget it.
He won't do anything for me, but for you --
Oh, good.
Exactly. Now I've been thinking --
David?
Later. But first -- him.
Your painful groin?
We have to talk.
What are you doing here?
Boy, am I glad to see you.
Looking after it -- he's probably fucking well eating it.
No, but he's looking after the money, so what's the problem?
Yeah, he's got to go to work, hasn't he? You think he'll come down for that?
He'll come down. Leave him alone.
He can't stay up there.
Leave him alone.
Because that's no good. Remember, we did what we did, we took the money. It was a material calculation. But what's the use if it's underground, or in some funny bank in some funny place? If you can't spend it, if you can't have it, what use is it? None. It's nothing, all for nothing, if you do that. I didn't get into this for nothing, so that I could have nothing --
I don't see the point in that.
Don't you?
You know we're right.
Be like a weight off your shoulders.
Once it's spent you won't have to worry about it.
He's right. You'd feel much better about it.
You know, you should spend some of that money instead of worrying about it. That's my advice.
I don't want it to taste different. I don't know why I bother. Is that enough for you? Hey!
It tastes different.
I hope it tastes better than the other stuff.
No, no, it's different.
Is this the same stuff you made last week?
Yeah, you're making us all nervous.
Will you calm down.
Then let's spend some money.
No.
Are you all right?
Don't know. No one said anything. ALEX Rendered speechless with desire. I recall that feeling, from the days when I had such a thing.
Who was it?
Hello. Hello.
You were magnificent.
Well, you certainly had a good look around.
Yes, it is. It's him. Cameron, Cameron, come on over.Yo!
That's not him.
What's he doing here?
No, I don't.
Cameron. You remember Cameron.
Who?
Look over there. It's Cameron.
It's not for me. It's for love and happiness forever.
David, I promise we will. Keep him happy.
For ever and ever.
Love and happiness for ever.
I want my money back. Excuse me.
Sshh.
I don't know why we couldn't stuff it in a mattress or put it under the floor like any normal human being. We could have hid it in the fridge.
Stop nagging.
Yeah, we don't want another stiff on our hands. Don't fall through the ceiling. OK? Is he listening to me?
Be careful.
David?
OK.
Whoever draws the short straw does it all. That way, you either do it or you don't. All or nothing.
And now you tell me.
I don't want to. It's different.
But you're a doctor. You kill people every day.
I don't thinkI can.
I thought we all were.
Who's going to do it?
Is that all?
Unfeasible.
What?
No, Alex. It's, it's --
Old newspaper proverb says dead human being is living story. Be rational, please, and failing that be quiet.
Thats not a story, Alex. It's a corpse.
It's not every day I find a story in my own flat.
No.The guy's dead.What more do you need?
Why not? What's wrong, Juliet? Aren't you curious? Don't you wonder what he died from?
No.
Don't look?
Don't.
I'm just looking.
What are you doing?
What? What's wrong?
Alex.
I wonder how he killed himself. I presume that that's what happened. What do you think?
Did what?
I wonder how he did it?
All right. No problem.
Yes.
Now?
Yes.
You want me to kick it open?
Open it.
So?
Alex, the key is in the keyhole on the other side.
Hugo. Hugo. Sorry about this, but can you open the door? It's us, Hugo, your flatmates and companions. Your new-found friends. He's not in. He's left and we'll probably never see him again.
A blue one, OK. And it's still there.
I will ask you once more, what sort of car --
Alex, how shouldI know? I'm just a girl.
What sort of car?
So what's wrong with that?
He's got a car?
His car's still there.
Hugo.
David?
Maybe he didn't like us.
So I gathered.
David hasn't seen him either.
No. Any idea which channel he's on?
Have you seen Hugo?
No, Alex, we don't really love you.
You see, they don't really know me.
You're right.
I think you're lying.
Yeah.
Know and love?
A miserable, burnt-out, empty shell of a -- Alex pauses, looks at his drink, then at Juliet.
The man we know and love.
-- which is a hack.
-- which is --
What I am.
-- instead of what he is --
It was you, Juliet, it was you --
In a moment he's going to tell he could have been someone --
Not usually this drunk.
I'm not usually drunk.
He even signs them, in his own name, can you believe it? I'd sign someone else's name. I'd sign his name. If I wrote them, that is. Which I don't.
Alex.
Aroused and inflamed.
What? Oh, yeah, sure, if you want. I tell you, every letter this guy writes to you is the same: they all begin like pure love and descend into open pornography. I dream of your thighs, the soft touch of your white skin leading me in desire, while I, aroused and inflamed --'
So we'll meet him, then?
I don't know. He sounded Swedish. Do you know any Swedish men? Maybe it was just the emotion.
Who was it?
He seemed like a nice guy, Alex.
Has he tried down the back of the fridge? I mean, that's where I normally find things.
-- I'd be the first topoint that out. In all kindness I would. But, like they say, you know, she's got to want to change, hasn't she?
-- more than anyone she has ever met. In her whole life.
Well, she had problems --
She hated you --
No. Be someone else like him. One is enough. And what happened to that girl, that friend of yours, the one that came round. I liked her. I really felt we had something. She could have moved in. We had chemistry.
For the flat.
For my life? At a discussion group? I think not.
Maybe you should go, Alex.You'll meet someone wonderful.
God, you two are sensitive. All I'm doing is implying some sort of sordid, ugly, sexual liason. Why, I'd be proud of that sort of thing.
Yeah, he had one too many of thise urges. You of all people should know that.
I thought you stopped going.
Just serve.
Did you know --
OK, so A has left you, B is ambivalent, you're still seeing C but D is the one you yearn for. What are we to make of this? If I were you, I'd ditch the lot. There's a lot more letters in the alphabet of love.
And when did anyone last say to you these exact words: You are the sunshine of my life'?
Now, let me get this straight. This affair that you're not having, is it not with a man or not with a woman?
When you get up in the morning, how do you decide what shade of black to wear?
I mean, what are you actually doing here? What is the hidden agenda?
When you slaughter a goat and wrench its heart out with your bare hands, do you then summon hellfire?
Really?
Yes.
Cameron?
Cameron.
Yeah.
Can you afford this place?
Well, that's what I said, isn't it?
You mean I can have the room?
It's OK. There's no problem.
What was I trying to say? Oh, yes, I think, we think, or at least I suppose we think -- am I right?
You were going to say something.
What?
What?
So, uh...
Yeah, well, that's what she said. Interesting. That's why you're here, you see.
I see.
Interesting.
That wasn't a question.
Yes.
You're sure of that.
No, I've never seen them.
Yeah, that's right, that's it.
Is this where no one stays?
Someone lost the key.
Loks like you had a break-in up here as well.
I don't know. Maybe I'm a light sleeper.
Yes. Why do you think you woke and they didn't?
No, they were asleep. They didn't even wake up.
I doubt it. And these two other people, did they hear anything?
I see.
Take a note of that, Mitchell. Only three, rather than four. Write it down. You can use numbers or words, I have no preference. Which are you using?
Yes, absolutely.
How strange. And how unsatisfactory to have misleading information. Only three people here. You're sure?
No, three. Who said there were four?
We understood there were four people living here. Not always, of course, but now, four.
Who said there were four?
Two?
There are only two other people in the flat.
And the other three people on the flat, did they hear anything?
Of course.
Well, if you do, you'll let us know?
No, nothing, sorry.
Have you seen anything or anyone suspicious around here in the last few days?
No, not that I recall, I was asleep.
did you hear anything before he cries?
So I just heard her cries for help and all that, and when I went downstairs there were already those other people there, so I just stood around really, waiting -- you know how people do -- and then when your colleagues arrived I came back upstairs. And that's about all, I think. I didn't actually see anything useful, I don't think.
Can we come in?
Of course.
Downstairs.
Burglary?
It's about the burglary.
What about?
Good evening. I'm Detective Inspector McCall and this is DC Mitchell. I wonder if we could ask you some questions.
Don't lie to me. Don't treat me like that.
It wasn't like that.
But I bet you didn't say you were going to split on him.
That's right. You're going to Rio. Rio de Janeiro. On your own. Come on, you should know. You bought the fucking ticket.
What?
Oh, don't be so coy, dear. You're going to Rio.
Eh, I don't know.
And you need your sleep.
Yes.
You and me?
So let's go.
It was on the television.
We already know. All about it.
I should hope so.
I'm sorry.
With a face like this?
I thought you'd gone to work.
If I think you're lying --
No one.
Who have you talked to?
No one. I promise.
Visitors? Some friends maybe? Someone you talked to?
No.
Were you expecting anyone? Tonight?
What?
Expecting anyone?
No, no, no. That's what you paid for it. Two hundred pounds is what you paid for it. We don't know what it cost us yet, for you two to have a good time, we don't know the cost of that yet.
That's what it cost, David.
You paid two hundred pounds for this?
Two hundred pounds.
Two hundred pounds?
Two hundred.
That was stressful. I found that stressful.
It's alright. I think he got the message anyway.
I'm sorry.
Do you think you could be a little more forceful next time?
Yes. They're my friends.
Do you know many of these people?
No.
Would you like to talk about it?
Oh, yes, I'm fine, thanks, just fine.
Are you all right?
Alex, I think it's time for you to stop.
I've never seen a dead body before.
Yes.
Is this what they always look like?
Keep it going, Alex. You're unstoppable now.
Just get on with it, Alex.
Did you ever kill a man?
It's just that you strike me as a man trapped in a crisis of emotional direction, afflicted by a realization that the partner of your dreams is, quite simply, just that.
OK, I'm going to play you just a few seconds of this tape -- I'd like you to name the song, the lead singer and the three hit singles subsequently recorded by him with another band.
Look, it's a fairly straightforward question. You're either divorced or you're not.
Do you smoke?
Why do you want a room here?
Which is why I'm trusting you with this account.
Oh, I see, I thought you meant --
You get the job done.
I'm boring?
And that's why I think you fit in here.
Yes, sir.
Oh, it's unfashionable, I know, but, yes, we're methodical, yes, we're dilligent, yes, we're serious, and where's the crime in that, and why not shout it from the rooftops, yes, maybe sometimes we are a little bit boring, but by God, we get the job done.
I'm not sure --
But they sneer, don't they?
Eh --
There's a whole wide world out there, and it all needs to be accounted for, doesn't it?
Not any real sneering as such, no.
-- is often sneered at. Are you aware of that?
Exactly what I was --
Accounting, David, chartered accounting --
Well, it's a wide range of, eh --
In this firm.
Right here?
Here.
Sorry?
What do we do here, David?
That's what I thought.
Oh, him. Well, he died.
Yeah, here, I mean, where else?
Here?.
That one, last week.
What guy that died?
That guy, the one that died.
What guy?
What happened to that guy?
Hello.
No, but like all novelists, I'm in search of the self.
And that's not the same thing?
I write about it?
You know about it?
The human condition.
A certain weakness.
For what?
No. But he needs treatment.
And he's a patient of yours?
I'm a doctor.
Working nights?
No, just leave it. He knows I must be at home. I'm working nights this week.
Shall I answer it?
It's an improvement.
A little bit. Is that good or bad?
Did he sound upset?
It was some guy called Brian.
All right.
No.
Yes, the telephone, but if it's for me, I'm not in. HUGO You're not in.
The telephone? It continues to ring.
Do you think you could answer that?
It's a breeze.
Writing seems easy.
Yes, I mean, who wants to read about another dead priest? It's about some other guy, some guy who's not a priest, who doesn't die. You see, it's better already.
No.
Yeah. Well, maybe I'll change it.
I see.
A priest who dies.
What's it about?
Well, I've been away for a bit, travelling, that sort of thing, and now I'm trying to write a novel.
What do you do?
Would you like to see the rest?
It's nice.
I'd be delighted.
Would you like to come in?
You must be Juliet.
You must be Hugo.
Well, it's up to you. Seven six five. How will you be paying?
The first one was fine.
It's up to you. Air Patagonia. New outfit: via Caracas and Bogot . No catering. Four hundred and eleven pounds. Four one one. Good value, but refueling at Bogot  is variable.
Yes, the first one's fine. Heathrow direct.
Air France. Glasgow. Direct, but then you're looking at the wrong end of nine hundred and twelve pounds. That's nine one two. It's up to you.
What?
Air Portugal, on the other hand, via Lisbon, same day, five hundred and sixty-five. Five six five. It's up to you. Catering important?
That sounds fine.
October 15th, direct flight, London Heathrow to Rio de Janeiro, British Airways, you are looking at seven hundred and sixty-five pounds. Seven six five.
And you said you supposed so, but I wasn't offering it for debate.
Sorry?
I mean, that's what it's like.
I suppose so.
Like recognizing criminals by their crimes.
Diseases.
And what do you recognize, names or faces?
Yes.
But in your work you must meet lots of different people, every day -- new people, new faces. No?
Same as everyone else.
Do you think you have a good memory for faces?
No. I haven't seen them.
Look again if you like.
I'm sorry, I've never seen any of them.
Take all the time you like, doctor.
Or a fake?
Is it real?
Your watch.
One other thing. Do you have any tattoos?
You can tell by the intonation.
It's like recognizing criminals by their crimes.
Offering it for debate.
Excellent. DC Mitchell is a rising star, Mr. Stevens. Under my tutelage he will undoubtedly make the grade.
Both, sir.
Well, it's a small town. Sooner or later things catch up with you... don't they?
What're you talking about, George?
She's a very groovy girl. That's the problem.
Then what's the problem?
No, it's a very groovy girl.
Don't you like her?
I am... except I've gotta do somebody at their house.
I thought you were in a good mood.
No.
Look, would you argue with your doctor?
I don't know, I think...
It's great.  You wanna speak to Mary? Hold on...
Don't you think there's too much gold?
Yeah, baby, how's it going?
Anyway, you remember Harold?
Chicken salad, Devra!
Chicken salad.
Yeah, baby. Things are great. Listen, there's Devra, whatta you want?
You're in a good mood today, George.
-- think what you have time to think, Lester.
What are you talking about?
Lester, you're a miserable man. You're not helping anybody. You're just twisting arms to raise money for a lot of silly son of a bitches that are out for themselves -- this is just business, don't kid yourself. And you know the worst thing about it, even if it does somebody some good somewhere which I can't possibly imagine, you'll never know the difference. You're just sweating and kidding yourself - and you're kidding yourself if you think your new business partner is going to keep his hands off that girl -- or that she'll keep her hands off him.
Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it, that's a beautiful thing he's doing -- some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks --
-- is that what this is all about?
-- yes, we're all trying to do something to make this a better country to live in, believe it or not.
-- is that right?
You make me sick. Just be straight for once in your life.
That's okay too.
We cannot go into this later.
Can't we go into this later, sweetheart?
-- cause she's going to be very, very expensive.
-- what, who? Oh she's very nice, yes -- I mean normally ---
-- I hope you like Miss Shawn --
Yes, sweetheart, shh.
Lester.
Why would I like to know if there's nothing I can do about it, goddammit --
I just thought you'd like to know --
What do you expect me to do about it?
That girl's making an awful spectacle of herself.
Lester, don't you think that uhh --
-- yes, Senator -- just a minute, dear --
It's just -- fabulous.  Think you could do anything for me?
That's George.
No, doll, I listen to you. And if a deal loses money that's not so bad either if it's handled right.
That you were just indulging me.
What?
Yes, but... I thought...
You suggested it, don't you think it's a good idea?
I don't know. He's a hairdresser.
Maybe he's too flighty and irresponsible. That's why I asked if he was a fairy.
Why?
I'm thinking of investing with him. He worries me.
Maybe... why do you ask?
Maybe he's just a kooky guy who likes doing something kooky like that.
Well, I don't know for sure... he's a hairdresser.
That kid... the hairdresser.
Who?
Do you think George is a fairy?
Don't be silly. I'll just tell Lester we were smoking a couple of joints. See?
Holy Christ. You want to get us killed?
Sweetheart, it's a bore out there... let's lock the door.
And who's Jill?
She's a friend of Jill's.
She what?
Well she...
Why didn't you come alone? Lester invited you. Did you have to bring her?
Right now, I just don't care.
But aren't you...
No, baby... I'm glad you're coming tonight.
No, that's okay, I'll do It now.
Comb my hair out later, honey.
Hello, George.
Hi.
That's great. You look great, baby, great. Dennis, look at Felicia's hair.
I mean it or I wouldn't say it.
I know.
And I certainly wouldn't tell Lester.
No, I know.
I wouldn't say so if I didn't.
She's fine. You really think I'd be a good investment?
I hope she's all right.
-- Anyway.
I don't know. Just a minute...
Is she all right?
Hey, listen, baby, I'm a star.
The shop. I think you're a good investment, and I don't mind telling him.
What about?
Yes.
Your husband?
Why don't you see Lester?
All I ever do is play. I should be doing something to get my own shop open.
What about?
I don't know. I'm beginning to feel guilty.
We have this political thing tonight. Could you comb me out at the house?
Whatever you say.
What're you doing later?
You're looking great, baby.
I can see that.
Jesus, I don't know, baby, I been cutting too much hair lately. I'm losing all my concepts...
I've never been treated that way, and I'm not going to start now.
What kind of treatment?
I'm not used to that kind of treatment.
I'm coming, baby --  How's Otis doing, anyway?
George --
I'll have Mary wash you. Mary!
-- to be put in that kind of position...
I don't want to place you in any position --
-- I like myself far too much, far too much.
-- Numbers, and I don't need to place myself in that kind of position.
What?
Nummers.
-- What?
I'm perfectly calm, George, I'm simply saying you have no respect for me, that you're incapable of distinguishing between me and one of your average Hollywood... mummers...
Calm down, baby.
I don't care about that girl, I don't care if she's dead.
I don't care.
But you don't know what happened.
I don't want to talk about it...
I gotta talk to you.
You're late, George.
I'll be right back, baby, really.
I don't want to see you anymore.
I'll be back in a while.
You're very rude... if you don't come back --
And listen, I'll be right back and I want your ass in that bed when I get back.
I've gotta give her some pills. Percodan, she ran out.
So what are you doing going over there? You're not her doctor.
Wow.
It turned out to be cancer.
She did?
Ruth Lesserman had a pancreatic ulcer.
I know.
Gee, that's very serious...
I don't know.
That's very serious. Who's her doctor?
Yeah, I think so.
Does she have a pancreatic ulcer?
She's got a...
These attacks... it's got something to do with her... uh... pancreas.
What?
I'll be right back, it's just that this girl is a different girl... she has attacks.
Why not?
Listen, baby, don't leave, really.
Thanks a lot.
You mean that girl, don't you?
I'm not. I mean I've gotta see this friend of mine for a few minutes.
I thought you said you weren't going anywhere.
My keys.
What're you looking for?
No.
Whoever she is, she doesn't give up, does she?
Hello.
Shit.
God, I adore you.
Okay.
Don't worry, honey, I'll protect you.
I guess so.
How do you expect to get anything done if you allow yourself to get sidetracked? Particularly in your business... you deal with women every day...
I guess so.
No. You know too many sick ladies.
It isn't?
Then it's not your problem.
No.
Are you?
Her?
Are you in love with her?
No.
Well, is she your girlfriend?
I don't know, kill herself. She's O.D.'d four times.
Like what?
No, baby. Now look, that girl that called -- I have to talk to her, she'll do something.
You know what I'm talking about.
Hey, I tried to get her off the phone.
You're rude. I mean, you're very rude.
Let it ring.
Want me to?
Uh-uh.
You going to answer it?
Nobody can hear it.
That headboard.
... what?...
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Right now?
Yeah.
Look...  Do you wanna fuck me?
I am not!
You are.
I am not!
You are.
I am not like my mother!
That you're just like your mother.
Then what do you think?
No.
Beverly Hills hairdresser... what kind of a thing is that to do... you might as well be a faggot... think that's funny too?
Yeah...
You live a phony cheap cop-out existence.
Yeah.
You think that's funny, don't you?
No shit.
In fact, I don't think I've ever been to a beauty parlor in my whole life.
No kidding.
I never get my hair done.
Yeah, it is.
You don't have to make conversation with me, I'm not my mother... do you have a thing about older women... that's sort of faggoty isn't it?
What?
Don't make conversation with me.
... just, you could look very heavy...
Why?
I'd like to do your hair sometime.
Making it with my mother?
Am I what?
Well, are you?
Yeah... I've made it with a girl...
I asked you first.
Have you ever made it with a girl?
Nothing, I guess... have you ever made it with a guy?
What would my being a faggot have to do with that?
See if you've been making it with my mother.
Why do you wanna know so bad?
C'mon, tell me. Don't be afraid.
Gee, this is great.
C'mon, are you or aren't you?
... yeah.
Well, are you? Are you queer?
Yeah.
Did you hear me?
No thanks.
Are you gay?... baked apple?... they're cold but they're good.
No thanks.
Chopped liver?
I do her hair, yeah.
You're my mother's hairdresser?
No thanks.
This is the one thing I like about this house... want some lox?
A little.
Hungry?
She's out, but you're supposed to wait.
Yeah.
You here to see my mother?
Look, Mr. Roundy, why don't you make out a financial statement? It'll save us both some time. Miss Michaels here can show you... have it notarized and we'll see where we go from there. Miss Michaels, would you get me a couple of forms?
I've got the customers... that's my point. I'm the one they want. If I had my own shop, they'd leave and come to me. I have a lot of customers.
I mean credit references, Mr. Roundy.
Her hair, I do Barbara Rush.
Pardon me?
Well, I do Barbara Rush.
What sort of references do you have?
It's got nothing to do with inflation. Rates, for example, rise independently of tight money if you look at interest curves carefully. Historically, that's always been true, though most people don't realize it.
I guess not...
After all, Mr. Roundy, we're paying six percent. Six percent. FHA's at eight and a half -- no, we won't be going back to the old days.
They are?
Jesus, look at this. Nine, nine and three quarters -- that's our prime rate. And I'll tell you something else: the big boys are going for it.
Well, yeah... you know.
You do know what money's like these days.
Right, that's right.
And you need money?
Right.
So you want to go in business for yourself?
Great.
I went to school with her husband.
She is.
Wonderful woman.
Great.
How is she?
Right.
Oh yes. Mrs. Shumann called about you.
You are today.
Look, Norman, I'm not the shampoo girl.
You do it.
Somebody's going to have to wash Mrs. Young. Mary's not here.
What!
Devra, try Jackie Shawn will you? And if you don't reach her, keep trying.
You're late, George.
Don't use that tone of voice with me... never mind, I'll take Gordon.
Oh fuck, Norman!
You promised you'd do the show.
I've got heads here, Norman.
Yes, Buffums.
Buffums?
You're late, we're all backed up and you're supposed to go to Buffums.
Yeah.
George!
I don't know -- I've got to.
What for?
I've got to... I've got to tell him where I am.
Don't leave me...
I can't just let him stand by the door...
Don't go, Jackie...
God, there's Lester...
What?
I don't know... Jackie?
What's that supposed to mean?
So what? You don't love him, do you? Answer me.
Lester's left Felicia. He's taking me to Acapulco on the five o'clock flight. He's asked me to marry him.
What's too late about it? Look, we're not dead, are we? That's the only thing that's too late.
It's too late...
So I'm saying it...
If you knew how many times I wanted to hear you say that...
Jackie... Jackie?... answer me, for God's sake, answer me.
I want to marry you. I want to take care of you and I want your children, and I want you to be my girl. That's all I want. That's all I want out of my life, and it's a lot.
Well then what are you trying to do-
No --
You're going to kill me.
That's it, then I'm leaving.
-- It's Malone's.
Look -- either you leave or I leave because I don't want the two of us here when Lester arrives. I just don't --
It's not okay, I mean we've got to talk now. Where are you going?
Forget about last night, it's okay, we'll talk when I get back --
Look about last night --
Please, we'll have to talk later --
Where are you going?
Lester's on his way.
Why?
-- yes, honey, you've got to get out of here.
I've got to leave?
-- you've got to leave.
-- good afternoon --
-- well you better go after her.
-- Jesus --
I can't imagine being with Jill when she's fifty years old. I can't imagine not being with you.
Why?
-- last night I dreamt I was fifty years old and Mary told me I was supposed to meet Jill at the shop. It seared me shitless.
-- we are?
-- we're kidding ourselves.
-- do you want ice?
What's wrong?
Not me, pal.
Well of course. Who loves a big fanny on a man?
-- yes, you --
Me?
Look who's talking.
-- ass and legs --
Mmmm --
-- but you never were much of a tit man --
-- mmm --
-- very nice, very nice.
Nothing.
-- what?
-- oh I thought you were --
-- where'd you go?
-- well, if you feel like playing, go play...
-- sure.
We're friends.
Am I entertaining you?
-- look, you don't have to entertain me...
-- yeah.
The lawn -- it looks like it goes on forever, doesn't it?
What are you looking at?
He never stopped.
He still having parties?
Sammy's?
Where do you want to go?
I am you, you little bastard.
That sounds like me.
You always say that... I really care for Lester, don't I?
You were great.
You don't think so? I do.
No you didn't.
No, I blew it, I blew it with Lester.
You were great.
I don't know what gets into me.
-- what?
-- gee...
Fuckin' A --
-- you are.
Who's the greatest cocksucker in the world? C'mon --
Jackie, can we --
-- don't you want to --
-- why not? C'mon, take me out of here, somewhere I don't have to lie to anybody and I'll fuck your brains out, you little fiend, I adore you --
-- we can't now.
-- Just get me out of here, baby. I can't stand it. It's killing me.
Sweetheart, you're drunk.
He just completely ignores me. He could have at least said something, introduced me or something.
C'mon, cunt, you're going for a walk.
That son of a bitch, everything he says is a phony piece of shit, what does he think, I'm some cigar butt he's got between his teeth --
Don't do it.
You don't do that anymore, do you?
We're upstairs, George. Now come on. Behave yourself, and for Christ's sake, do me a favor. Don't let me drink too much.
Looks like somebody took a dump in it, that's the worst color job I've --
What about it?
Jesus Christ, there's Norma Stern. Look at her hair.
He's a director.
-- this guy with Jill.
-- what guy?
-- oh yeah... what do you know about this guy?
-- you'll be the prettiest thing in the room -- light's green...
Shut the door, Lester. What do you think this is, a picnic?
Look, either come in or stay out!
Sit down!
What are you talking about?
Sit down.
Don't, don't, don't...
I know... you don't know, I know.
It'll ruin everything.
I don't want to... I swear...
No! Don't! Please!
You're a genius.
Yeah, baby...
George...
You just can't stand to miss one of them, can you?
One of my few virtues is discretion.
You did, I know you did.
Baby...
You did, didn't you?
Now, baby... if I told you about her... then you couldn't count on me not telling anymore... could you?
Well, did you or didn't you?
Yeah?
Can I count on that? I just want to see Lester with me and that cunt in the same room tonight.
Hey, I don't tell.
You know what I'm talking about.
Did I what?
Did you?
What?
George... how about Felicia?
I won't screw you up.
If you screw me up for tonight, I'll kill you, I swear to God, I'll kill you.
I just have to do one little thing.
George...
There was nothing to know. Anyway... if I can't have love I have to at least have money. I have to have some pride I can do something.
Did Lester know about him?
Anyway, he offered me a silver cloud. At least he should give me a Ferrari and pay off my house and give me a nine carat ring or something...
No... Lester likes it on all the time in case he wants to use it.
Boy, that sauna is really... can't you turn it down or something?
It was after you, baby. After you.
Did you?
And what?
And?
... he tried to... uh... make it with me.
Why not?
Why not?
No.
Do you? You still see him?
Bernstein... seemed to think I hated men.
The shrink? Many times.
Jackie, would you argue with your doctor.
Not too much, don't cut too much.
Yeah... wow.
It's the sauna, I keep the sauna on and it makes the whole bathroom hot.
It's hot in here.
What's wrong?
Whew.
... I don't get it done often.
Yeah... I mean great.
She's incredible...  She loves you, George.
Great.
Jill's coming with us.
Okay.
Okay... but I want you to know one thing.  I've got to look great tonight, I mean I have to look great, okay?
No, I'm sure.
You don't seem very sure.
Yeah, I think so...
You would?
I'd cut it...
Well, what do you think?
Can't you do it out here?
Probably the bathroom.
Where do you want to do this?
Well, I do.
No, thanks.
Shut up, it's all right.  Do you want a drink?
-- What for? Honey, I'll see you later.
You going to tell him?
-- Well no. It never came up.
Yeah -- he doesn't happen to know that we went together, does he?
He's a very private person, actually.
I'm sure.
Oh, about six weeks now... Lester -- well, he's very sweet.
How long you had this?
Great... so how's everything with you?
Jill's really great, isn't she?
I don't know. Probably not.
-- Maybe she'll come with us. If I tell her how important it is to me, I don't think she'll mind. Do you?
-- Listen, I'm supposed to take Jill to El Cholo tonight. She's really going to be pissed if I don't.
-- Yeah... your car down here?
Jesus...
Great. Who's been doing your hair?
So how's Norman?
Don't talk like a child. You're a pro, now get out there and cut!
If I have to touch her again, I'll throw up!
I'm busy, man.
She's murdered her hair... you do something with her, I'm never going to touch her again.
Yeah?...
You were supposed to handle that bitch, she's always asking for you, and she was furious you weren't here.
Oh yeah?
Wanda...
Hey, what's happening?  Mary! Telephone.  What's the matter?
She's heavy.  See, Norman expects me to get in here, take care of all the customers and then do his show out in Norwalk. I gotta have my own shop, just out of self defense.
I can't even stand to talk to her on the phone.
She touched it! Then she played in it and got it all into something else. Now I don't know what it is!
What?
-- Right after I sprayed her?
No, man.
Do you know what that Lillian Bercovici just did?
-- c'mon, I'll get you home...
-- took a bus.
-- how did you get here?
-- left my bag, didn't have no money...
-- why did you come in today?
-- you know better...
-- please, please forgive me...
-- you shouldn't do me like that...
-- oh -- sweetheart...
-- you shouldn't talk to me like that no matter what, George... you know better...
-- Otis?
Otis is dead.
What's wrong, Mary, are you drunk? Look, I've had a rough night, one of the roughest I've ever had, now I'm not in the mood for any sulking bullshit, what's wrong? Are you sick? Are you drunk? Can you work?
I don't know if you don't know --
That boy always does great. He's a corporal or a squad leader or something, just wrote me from some place called Kwang Due?
-- Oh my yes.
-- White ladies?
But then again you ask for it -- you just like my Otis -- can't keep his hands outta ladies' hair either.
-- Oh yeah.
-- You takin' a lot of shit lately, George.
-- A brillo pad, I don't care, anything.
What with?
Wash her.
Yeah!
Okay... thanks...
Not yet.
I guess you haven't heard from her yet.
-- yes, George.
-- yeah, this is --
Jackie Shawn.
Okay!
I don't have your number, stop by the shop.
Call me!
Great, great. I hope you make it.
Nothing, I reconciled with Ron, you know, the guy I divorced last summer.
Hey, baby, what's happening?
Hi, George.
Hey, stop by the shop.
I have to see you.
That's too bad.
Nothing, my sister's back from Vegas.
I said you were a loser!
What did you say?
George...
What did you say?
George, if you keep this up I'm going to scream.
What did you say?
Yes, yes, I did.
Did you?
Stop it.
Did you?
George, now cut this out.
Yeah, I know. Did you?
Please!... that's not like you.
Did you?
George...
-- tell me something -- did you talk about me?
-- yes.
That's all you've got to say?
I wish you'd go now.
Does it make you happy?
... honest. At least you're honest with me.
What? What? What? What? What?
Jesus.
... well I'm glad you told me.
I'll know you've lied to me... all along. I'll know you're incapable of... love... that'll help me... not now, but eventually.
How?
-- no, it'll help me, really --
-- please, baby --
-- it'll help me if you'll tell me.
Baby, don't do this --
I don't want to be a fool!... I want to look them in the eye and say, I know!
Baby, please don't... I love you.
I just want to know while we were seeing each other... I just don't want girls looking at me and knowing and me not knowing...
What difference does it make?
I just want to know, that's all.
What do you wanna know for?
How many?
Obviously.
Obviously there were others, weren't there?
Baby, don't do this. I do love you.
So who else was there besides Jackie? Huh?... huh?
Who knows, I'm sure you don't -- but if it'll help any, I found it in your bed.
Where did this come from?
-- and take this with you.
I'd like you to leave now.
Well, did you get a job out of it at least?
Yes.
You told him I was here and he wanted to know if I was beating you up.
Yes.
That was him.
Oh, Christ.
Let go of me or I'll scream, I'll call the police.
Let go of me.
Didn't you, baby?
I'm very tired, George.
You did fuck him, didn't you?
You didn't plan on fucking him tonight.
What is.
Well that's something.
I didn't want him meeting me here.
How come you took your own car?
I do, Jill.
Bullshit.
I don't want to fight either. Look... uh -- I love you.
I don't want to fight, George.
-- okay --  -- I'll see you later. Your house.
-- what?  -- I'll see you later...
-- well aren't you --
-- go ahead.
I've got to get her out of here.
-- she's a very compulsive girl.
Now, Jackie --
Commercials.
Television or movies?
Ha, ha.
What does he direct besides traffic?
Oh, honey. If we had one place, we could have a nicer place and I could take care of it. We're almost never here.
Maybe I should get a dog... no, it would just shit all over the house and I'd never clean it up.
I know, honey.
Wait a minute, God-damn-it. Do you think I want to go to some God damned party? I'm trying to get that God damned shop open. I'm trying to get a little bread together. That's all I'm doing.
I have to have Jackie ask me? Don't you think you could call me and let me know? Look at my hair.
What do you mean, what is it? It's some political bullshit.
I've been trying to reach you all afternoon. You weren't in the shop. What is this thing tonight?
Look at the way I live.
What business meeting?
A business meeting, I told you that.
Never mind. Where've you been?
Who?
A friend dropped me off.
Where's your car?
Jill says nothing.
... Okay...
Nothing, I'll call you, okay?
What?
Neither do I, baby.
But I never know when you're working and when you're not working!
I'll call you.
When is that, George?
I'll call you.
When is that?
When I get off work.
When?
Look, baby, can we talk about it later?
Look, either we have a meaningful relationship or we don't, I've got to know.
Right now?
I want your feelings about it.
They didn't offer you the job yet.
Your advice!
What do you want?
Just a second, I'll be right with you...
No, but I think they might.
Honey, have they offered you the job?
Egypt.
Going where?
Whether or not I'm going.
About what?
I know but this is important. I have to make a decision.
Baby, I'm in the middle of work.
When can I talk to you?
Yeah, baby.
George.
Okay.
I already said hello.
Hey, baby, say hello to Felicia.
George.
Great... can we talk later?
Okay, but how did it go at the bank?
Oh, great, listen, baby, I gotta get back, okay?
Egypt!
Go where?
I said I wasn't sure if I could go.
Yeah.
Could I?
Hey, I'm, you know --
Could I talk to you for a second?
Great.
How did it go at the bank?
Yeah, baby...
Hello.
Jill, say hello to Felicia.
Great.
They want me to go to Egypt for three weeks.
Hey, baby, what's happening?
George.
Jackie says she wouldn't bring children into this world. That it's hypocritical and overpopulated.
Okay, baby. Okay...
Not right now, I don't mean right now... but eventually...
What!
George?
Okay...  Night, baby.
Yeah.
I'm around you and I like you, don't I?
You've never even been around one.
Of course I like children.
Maybe you don't even like children.
-- Sure.
But in the same house, you know, one house.
We live together now.
Will we live together?
Why am I great?
Yeah, baby.
Honey?
Hey, baby -- I'm gonna retire with you.
Do you really mean that?
Yeah.
I am?
You're great.
I am?
You're different.
What about me?
I am, I am. But I've had it with chicks. They're like an occupational hazard. Six guys working for me... I'm gonna retire or settle down or something.
I thought you said you were at the epitome of your life.
I just came from a meeting... I can't talk about it now, baby. But in a few days -- see I'm disgusted with my life.
Honey, what happened?
When I was a little kid, I used to want to go to Europe but right now wherever I am I'm gonna be in Europe.
Right now -- I'm at the epitome of my life. Right now I feel so good I'm afraid something's gonna happen.
How?
I'm gonna open the shop, baby, I'm gonna open the shop. I'm getting it together.
What?
Great, great, fantastic. Fantastic. Incredible. Incredible, really incredible.
Fine. How are you?
How are you, baby?
Nobody's gonna get you but me!
Now, George --
Keep moving --
George --
You'll do what I tell you. Now get the fuck inside.
George, I don't --
Nobody's gonna get you. Now get inside.
No shit?
I don't know. I can't remember. It was just in my dream.
You said somebody... who?
I just... who what?
Who?
They're dumb, somebody... I don't know...
What?
I've had these dumb dreams lately.
I don't know... just... somebody's going to get me.
Well, like what?
I don't know... every once in a while I just get the feeling something awful's going to happen.
What's gonna happen?
Let me come, too.  Please don't leave me alone.
Well, it's a big canyon.  Honey, I'm sorry but I've gotta get back... just for a minute.
Here in the canyon.
Where?
Gunshots, there were some gunshots.
What're you talking about?
There were some shots.
Well, baby, I'm George and it needs to be cut.  But I don't want to place you in that position either.
I just needed a wash and set, a wash and set, that's all.
Said what!
But Mr. Norman said --
You need a cut.
No?
No.
-- A wash and set.
What're you here for?
Yeah, the clap. That's what she thinks. But who knows -- I don't know.
What?
Oh, by the way, I think you oughta know -- Lorna thinks she's got the clap.
I'm finished with her.
Yes I do.
You really think so?
No, man, no. You can say everybody's a whore. She's okay. I mean Jackie'll fuck around but not that much. Somewhere she really likes you, Lester, and it's not just the bread. She's okay.
Just a whore, I go over there, have a few drinks and get my gun off. I'm through with her, she's nothing but a whore.
No --
She's nothing but a whore.
Lester, it just happened.
I mean, how did that happen?
What about her?
What about Jackie?
I don't either, Lester, I swear to you I don't.
Yeah,, it goes up a little and then it goes down, maybe Nixon will do something. What's the difference, they're all a bunch of jerks. I wouldn't let 'em run my business, I can tell you that much. Not if I had any choice in the matter.  I don't know what to do with you. I don't know, I don't know what's right or wrong anymore.
Oh yeah...
... You can lose it all; you can lose it all no matter who you are... I don't know, what's the point of having it all. Look at me. I don't have a goddam thing... the market's terrible right now, went down ten points last week, goddam Lyndon Johnson!
I was gonna give you the money. Probably I was. Shit, I don't know, I don't know anything anymore.
Hey, you were never going to give me the money.
Me!
Who?
Hell of a way to treat a business partner, that's all I can say.
I'll have to wash one out.
I know.
You don't have a clean glass in the house.
Okay, thanks.
Have a drink.
No thanks.
Want a drink?
Well, I don't know.
Oh, fuck, Lester, how should I know?
Why, why do you think that is?
Oh, are you kidding, man? She hates her.
Do you think Lorna hates her? I don't think she hates her. I mean she may resent her a little...
We're always trying to fuck them... they know it and they like it and they don't like it... that's just how it is... look, it's got nothing to do with you, man. It just happened. Felicia's got nothing to do but shop and get her hair done and she knows she's getting older... her daughter hates her, what's she going to do, go to PTA meetings?
... yes, I follow your thinking on that.
... how am I gonna tell you what they have against you? I mean Jesus fucking Christ, they're women, aren't they? Have you ever listened to women talk, man? Have you? Well I do, I do 'til it's fucking coming out of my ears. I'm on my feet all day, every fucking day, listening to women talk and you know what they talk about, don't you? Being fucked up by some guy. That's all that's on their minds. I'm sure you've done something they could get pissed off about, what's that got to do with it? All women are pissed off, man, all of 'em. They fucking hate us! Don't you know that?
I wanna hear it from you!
Didn't they tell you?
Did they have something against me?
What, do you think I planned it?
Was it me, did you have something against me?
No, not yet, not yet. You worry about it for a while, I've been worrying all night, now you can worry.
Then don't... just have 'em beat me up or whatever you're gonna do.
That's got nothing to do with it... You're so beyond my comprehension I can't even discuss it with you.
I'm not anti-Establishment.
I wanna know your thinking, I wanna know how someone like you thinks. Did you think you could get away with it, did you think you could put something over on me? Does a guy like you get his kicks sneaking around behind people's backs and taking advantage of them? Maybe that's your idea of being anti Establishment!
What can I say!
I wanna hear about it.
Hey, have 'em put me away, or whatever you're gonna do, okay?... I'm too tired to lie, I'm too tired to tell the truth... I'm too tired for anything.
I wanna hear about it, George.
Oh Jesus Christ.
I wanna hear about it.
I said sit down!
But...
Sit down.
Now wait a minute...
Godammit, George...
Well, what?
Yeah, I'm unhappy with you about something.
Look, Lester... are you unhappy with me about something?
What do they look like?...
Well... who are those guys?
All night.
Yeah.  How long have you been here?
You live like a pig.
Well yeah, otherwise it just sort, you know, lies there -- layer so it kind of fluffs out --
Layered?
This really ought to be layered...
No it keeps the skin peeling. You've got to keep the follicles open. You lose hair and the skin grows over the follicle and that's how you lose it.
Isn't that bad for it?
Well -- I could try. Do you wash your hair every day?
Your hair looks -- well fabulous.
Well anyway...
See she doesn't drink too much.
-- yeah?
-- do me a favor, kind of keep your eye on Jackie, she's a little high strung tonight --
Son, we'll do business, I can tell you that.
I don't know what to...
It's a difficult situation, and I want you to know I appreciate it. Tonight's going to be real tough for me --
Oh, hey...
George, I know you have to deal with Felicia and you're caught in the middle, and if you can just bear with me tonight, well, I appreciate the way you've handled the situation.
I know it, son. But tonight's going to be even tougher.
... this doing hair it's...
I know it, I know it.
It's nerve wracking sometimes... women can get you very upset.
You look like you've had quite a work-out.
That, and... I'll be done in a minute.
What about, tonight?
... she's very upset...
That's okay, that's okay, just shut the door.
Sorry, honey, I...
I know what you mean.
-- Anything, I don't care what it is, just so it's something.
Oh yeah?
I wish my son knew what he wanted to do.
Okay.
-- maybe you could, on your way, you know, pick up Jackie here.
Yeah, little election party I'm giving at the Bistro. It's a pain in the ass but -- I have to do it. We'll have a little time to talk there.
Tonight?
When?
When?
So I'm going to want a little more of your thinking on the subject.
Oh yeah? I mean I know.
Well, George, you may not think ten or fifteen grand means much to me, but I invest for myself and a lot of particular people.
Oh yeah.
Felicia's really interested in the shop, isn't she?
Sure.
George, could you -- excuse us for a minute?
Who needs that kind of aggravation? Who needs that kind of aggravation at my age? When I finish work I want to...
You're right.
No, they're a pain in the ass, there's no way of keeping track of anything. It's a cash business and you've got to watch your operators or they'll steal you blind, am I right or am I right?
They're not?
But personal services are not the kind of thing I usually get into.
Thank you.
It's good you want to do something, George.
After a while that hurts... doesn't it?
Well, George, I invest for a lot of people. I make a lot of money for them. More than they could do for themselves.
I'm better than the guy I work for.
But what?
In a way. But...
But the important thing is you're successful at it.
Yes it is.
It's an unusual trade.
I see.
Oh, well, I went to beauty school... you know you go to beauty school... and you get your operator's license... and you graduate... and you're a hairdresser.
I didn't say it, she did. How'd you happen to get in that line of work?
Thank you.
She says you're a fabulous hairdresser.
Well, yeah.
Felicia says you're a very good hairdresser.
Okay, okay...

I'll call you back...
Come on by.
I'll call you back.
Awww --
No.

No.
All right, who're you with? Jill?
I... uh... I... uh... can't.

Wasn't sure it was you.
What took you so long?
Yeah, yeah -- 'bye.

Okay.
I told you I get 'scared up here, so if you're not coming right now...  I'm not kidding.
What do you mean?
No you won't.
I'll call you back.
I'm coming over.
Yeah.
You're home.
Somebody's mother.
What was it, somebody's daughter?
I was too old.
And?
A daytime soap opera.
A soap?
Well, commercials. I read for a soap the other day.
-- well, more than anything else --  -- I'd like to suck his cock.
Yes.
You do?
Well, whatever I am, I think I can get you whatever you'd like.
Sid. You must be a very important executive.
Sid.
That's very sweet of you, Mr. Roth.
Well maybe I can get you something.
Oh, dear that's too bad.  -- get her out of here, get her out of here.
-- you phony asshole --
Yes, Jackie Shawn, my wi -- Felicia.
Jackie Shawn.
You know what's wrong.
Hi, doll, what's wrong?
C'mon, Jackie, I'm only trying -- George --
I don't know. Why don't you ask him?
Who's the guy, George's boyfriend?
Jesus, she's my best friend.
Does she know about us?
Jill Haynes, Jill Haynes, I've told you about Jill a hundred times, Lester, you never remember anything I say.
Who are they?
Glad to meet you, Jill, Mr. Pope.
Lester, this is my friend Jill and this is Johnny Pope.
George, glad you could make it, son. Hi, doll.
Because I don't want one.
Why not?
No.
Aren't you going to have one?
Here.
They're Yorkies and they don't shed.
They get hair all over the place.
You ought to get rid of those dogs.
Just a second, I've gotta clean this mess up or the dogs'll have it all over the house.
I'd like a drink.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Shut the door, shut the door!
Fine.
Maybe he ought to go to beauty school. Anyway, see you tonight, doll, okay?
You're still jealous.
What's that?
You're lying about one thing, Lester.
Look... you do well for people, they don't ask you to stop. Nobody wants you to stop making money, doll, not even Uncle Sam. They all want their share.
You and your touchy investors.
Really? How about starting with tonight?
It's very logical, it's the most logical thing in the world. You wouldn't feel this confined if we could go out with people and have dinner, and a little conversation and so forth...
That's not very logical, Lester.
Of course not.
So I can't talk to some broken down actor, what do you think, I'm going to tell him I'm screwing Lester Karpf!
Now listen, Jackie, I'm not jealous of anybody, I just can't afford to get caught... off base.
I'm not jealous of the dogs.
I'm always on the phone because you never let me see anybody, I can't even bring my girlfriends over to the house because they might run into you. You're driving me up the wall, Lester. You're even jealous of the dogs. I mean I've gotta have somebody I can talk to.
I ran into him at the 76 station on little Santa Monica, what was I supposed to do, hide in the ladies room? Yes, I was talking to him.
Then you were talking to him.
Steve Slutes, and he's not a boy.  Steve couldn't get arrested as an actor. He couldn't get arrested as a boy.
Whatever his name is, that actor.
Steve?
My secretary saw you with that boy.
Who do you think I was talking to?
Who were you talking to?
I am?
I called to tell you I was sending one over but the line was busy, you're always on the phone.
No kidding? Your own shop?
George is going to open a shop.
I go to the blue'n gold barber shop in Westwood. The guy in the third chair's dynamite... nobody much.
Is that right?
Well, yes, George is a wonderful hairdresser.
Is that right?
Oh, hi, I mean hello, we've met.
How did you lose that key? Oh, George, this is uh Miss -- this is Jackie.
The man from Sloan's is coming. I called you about it.
Anyway, you're crazy.
See you later.
Fine.
I'll call you.
That's right.
Oh yeah?
Poster-Kleiser.
I have to meet a client... who're you dating?
Going for a pony ride at Kiddielands, want to come along?
Jackie, what're you doing?
Hi, Leonard.
No, he picked me up and carried me out to the sundeck -- God, it was hot. The wood on the sundeck, everything.
No, it sounds very sexy -- did you just stay by the sink all that time?
Well... I just kept wiping that dish. Maybe it doesn't sound very sexy but it was.
What did you do?
-- He reached up and tore them.
Didn't you have any panties on?
-- He came up behind me and I was wiping a dish and he just... lifted up my skirt, and, you know, right there...
... Mmm-hmmm.
-- Well it was very hot so I'd left the door open and the water was running so I didn't hear him come down the stairs...
-- uhh-huhh...
-- I was in the kitchen doing the dishes and George was out in Long Beach doing a show...
-- Yesss?
Well, there was this one time --
C'mon.
-- I guess I just blocked it out, that's all.
-- Well -- not going in and out, I don't mean just that. Why are you asking me? You went with George longer than I have.
-- When you say forty-five minutes or an hour, do you mean continuous time? Just continually, without stopping?
-- See, I just know that if I go to Egypt, well, things happen, I just don't know what'll happen to us, he just never seems to think ahead, does he?
I think you're going to hit that car in front of us.
What?
Honey?
I would say so, yes.
Quite a while... an hour, an hour and a half -- sometimes forty-five minutes -- that's quite a while, isn't It?
It's been so long I don't how long?
Well yes -- you know that about George.
He does?
Well... it's not so much the number of times he does it, it's... he does it for a long time.
What?
Jackie --
How much?
I'm exaggerating.
After four years? No I don't... and I don't know too many girls who do.
Well, you know what I mean.
Really, Jill, aren't you exaggerating just a little? Five times a day?
-- I guess it's all got to do with this shop.
Five times a day?
I don't know. One minute he's up in the air and makes love to me five times a day and tells me everything's going to be great and he's getting his own shop and then suddenly he disappears and he won't even talk to me. It's driving me crazy.
-- Yeah, honey...
But you have problems?
We don't think marriage is important.
Well they are. But we have problems. You say things are great with Lester. Is he going to marry you?
I thought you said things were great with George.
Well, it's George.
It must be something.
Nothing.
Well, what is it, honey?
-- No. No really.
You're really a love -- you sure?
Don't be silly.
Jill, you're a real sweetie pie. You really are.  You're sure you don't mind?
I guess not.
Face it, you can go around with cute guys and get hung up on their sexy bodies and things like that but sooner or later you've got to find somebody. Face it, time isn't on your side.
George is great but I know what you mean.
I spent three years with him. I just couldn't take it not knowing who was gonna pay the rent... his unemployment or mine. George was adorable but it drove me crackers. Now at least I'm comfortable. Lester does what he says he'll do. Maybe you're happy living like a gypsy. Are you?
I know, I'm sorry.
Jill, I'm just trying to be helpful.
So what's your point?
Well, he is.
No, listen. He's a very good hairdresser.
I'm not. Maybe I am.
Oh, honey, don't be totally naive.
I am? I mean why?
A real swinger. He's been trying to fuck me for about two hundred years.
Who is that?
I think you're crazy. Don't look over, it's Lenny Silverman.
I'm telling you he won't know the difference.
-- still -- at least we should tell him we're going. C'mon.
-- he'll never know the difference.
We can't really leave that poor man here alone.
What's wrong?
-- just before I ask you out? I can't do that. Let's get out of here before good old Les catches up with us again.
Johnny!  Why didn't you tell me before?
Those Arabs won't be when they start chasing you around the sand dunes.
You're kidding.
You're going.
You're going?
Two weeks from tomorrow.
Now I didn't mean that, you rat.
You mean when are you going to Egypt?
-- so when are you going to Egypt?
Of course not.
Oh, Johnny, Mr. Karpf needed a ride home and I said we'd take him. Do you mind?
-- these bastards have me hemmed in.
-- why?
Let's do that.
Well -- as I see it we've got two choices. We can hang around here and wait for the bomb to go off, or we can go to my party.
-- oh I don't know --
-- Jackie really shouldn't drink --
George is a hairdresser, isn't he?
That bastard.
Well did he go in there with Jackie?
I don't think so.
George? Was he alone?
Then maybe you can tell me why George would be going into the ladies room.
Well... sure...
This other couple that we're here with, do you know them very well?
Not with your hairdresser.
Getting your hair done...  Would you like to go to a party?
-- oh, sure. A hairdresser. How... how do you a... meet a hairdresser?
He's a hairdresser.
Good for you.
-- no.
What does he do? Is he an actor?
-- never mind.
I'm terribly sorry.
My God, did I say that? I don't believe it.
Johnny!
I see. You mean he just sort of fucks you.
Sort of.
-- sort of a boyfriend?
Of course not... he's sort of a boyfriend.
Is he an enemy?
Well he's not exactly a friend.
All right, forget this filth. Continue about your friend.
... my friend doesn't like it here either.
Are you kidding? His hair's probably the most nutritious thing in here. See, you've reduced me to eating weeds.
Why don't you ask for another one?
Sure.
Oh. thank you.
Now I'm embarrassed to tell you.
Go ahead, Jill, you can say it.
Well, that's where the pyramids are and we want real pyramids in the ad.
But why Egypt?
That's right.
Egypt?
-- just wonderful.
Thank you.
Gee... that's wonderful, Jill.
-- yes, Jill.
Jill.
Jill.
What did you say your name was, sweetheart?
That's fine --
-- there's not much room --
-- oh no, honey, I'll do that...
-- I'll get in the back --
Sure thing, Mr. Karpf. C'mon.
-- listen, I wonder if you kids could give me a ride? I'm kind of stranded here.
Oh that's no problem.  -- take care of this boy's problem, will you, Gene?
-- his car. They have it blocked.
-- what's the problem, honey?
Thanks for coming by.
Please don't misunderstand... I'd really like to go.
We'll let you know tomorrow.
John...
No!
No.
Do you have something against traveling?
No.
Are you married?
No.
Do you have children?
No, it's not that...
Look, is there somewhere else you'd rather go? Maybe we can change our location.
Three weeks.
No... how long did you say?
You seem disappointed.
Well... that's wonderful -- I'll stop by there for a drink.
Well we'd love to, but we're going to another party.
Oh, say, how would you kids like to stop off for a drink?
Where to, Les?
Call me Les.
Terrific. Now all I have to do is find my car keys.
Everything okay, son?
-- we're going to be here all night.
No of course not.
Everybody but us.
Have they sat down?
I think they're waiting for somebody to start dinner.
Good.
Yes, Dad.
I love you, Danny.  I love you more than anything else in the whole world, and I'd never do anything to hurt you, never... You know that, don't you, huh?
Yes, Dad.
Are you sure?
No, Dad.
Did your mother ever say that to you - that I would hurt you?
What do you mean?
You wouldn't ever hurt Mummy and me, would you?
What?
Dad?
Good.  I want you to like it here. I wish we could stay here for ever, and ever... ever.
I guess so.
Yes I do.  I love it.  Don't you?
Do you like this hotel?
Yes?
Dad?
I can't.  I have too much to do.
Then why don't you go to sleep?
No.  I'm just a little tired.
Do you feel bad?
Yes.
I am, Dad.  Dad?
Good.  I want you to have a good time.
Yes, Dad.
Are you having a good time?
Okay.
How's it going, Doc?
Come here for a minute, first.
Can I go to my room and get my fire-engine?
They had to, in order to survive.
You mean they ate each other up?
There were a party of settlers in the covered wagon times.  They got snowbound one winter in the mountains.  They had to resort to cannabilism in order to stay alive.
What was the Donner party?
I think that was farther west in the Sierras.
Well you should have eaten your breakfast.
I'm hungry.
Yes?
Dad?
Nothing.  There ain't nothing in Room 237, but you ain't got no business going in there anyway, so stay out!  You understand, stay out!
Mr. Halloran, what is in Room 237?
No I ain't.
You're scared of Room 237, ain'tcha?
Room 237?
What about Room 237?
Not things that anyone can notice, but things that people who shine can see.  Just like they can see things that haven't happened yet. Well, sometimes they can see things that happened a long time ago... I think a lot of things happened right here in this particular hotel - over the years, and not all of them was good.
Well, maybe things that happened... leave other kinds of traces behind.
Well, you know Doc, when something happens it can leave a trace of itself behind... say like is someone burns toast.
Is there something bad here?
No, I'm scared of nothing here. It's just that you know some places are like people, some shine and some don't.  I guess you could say the Overlook Hotel here has something about it that's like shining.
Try to think what it was.
Maybe he showed me something.
Now think real hard, Doc.  Think.
I don't know.
Do they know he tell you things?
Yes.
Does your Mum and Dad know about Tony?
It's like I go to sleep, and he shows me things but when I wake up, I can't remember everything.
How does he tell you things?
Yes.
Is Tony the one that tells you things?
Tony's the little boy who lives in my mouth.
Who's Tony?
Tony.
Who says you ain't supposed to?
I'm not supposed to.
Why don't you want to talk about it?
Chocolate it shall be.  Come on son.
Chocolate.
Yeah.
Do you like ice cream, Doc?
French Fries and Ketchup.
You don't?  Well what's your favorite food then?
No.
Now this is where we keep all of out meat.  You got fifteen rib roasts - thirty ten pound bags of hamburgers.  You got twelve- turkeys, two dozen pork roasts and twenty legs of lamb.  Do you like lamb, Doc?
Oh!
Mommy!
Danny!
Mommy... Mommy...!
Danny, come here!
Mommy...
Red Rum.  Red Rum.  Red Rum.  Red Rum.
Danny.  Danny, stop it.  Danny!
Are you having a bad dream?
Red Rum.
Danny... what's the matter, hon?
Red Rum.
Red Rum.  Red Rum.  Red Rum.
Danny?
Red Rum.  Red Rum.
If Jack won't come with us, we'll just have to tell him that we are going by ourselves.  That's all there is to it.
Okay, Mom.
Make sure you come right back, 'cause I'm going to make lunch soon. Okay?
I won't, Mom.
Well all right.  But really don't make a sound.
I won't make a sound, I promise. I'll tip-toe.
Come on, Doc.  He only went to bed a few hours ago.  Can't you wait till later?
I won't make any noise.
Not right now, Daddy's asleep.
Can I go to my room and get my fire-engine?
Yes?
Mom?
No.
I didn't think it was going to be this big, did you?
Yeah.
It's so pretty.
Yeah.
Oh what a Maze.  Isn't it beautiful.
Yeah.
Give me your hand.  Oh, isn't it beautiful.
Okay...oh!
Okay Danny, you win.  Let's take the rest of this walking, huh?
And you're gonna lose.  And I'm gonna get you - you betta run fast! Look out - I'm coming in close. All right?
All right.
The loser has to keep American clean, how's that?
Okay.  You behave yourself.
Yeah.
Danny, come on over here.
Yeah.
Don't worry, Mom.  I know all about cannabilism, I saw it on T.V.
Jack...
Hey, wasn't it around here that the Donner party got snowbound?
Okay, Mom.
We'll get something as soon as we get to the hotel, okay?
Okay.
We're just going to go into one of the other rooms for a few minutes and talk - then I'll come back and check on you, okay?
What about Tony?  He's looking forward to the hotel, I bet.
Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, I know.  It always takes a little time to make new friends.
Yeah, I guess so.  Anyway, there's hardly anybody to play with around here.
Sure, Danny, it will be lots of fun.
Do you really want to go and live in that hotel for the winter?
Yeah.
Yes, I'd like you to.
Do I have to?
Now I'm going to ask you to do me a favor, and stay quietly in bed for the rest of the day.  Okay?
Does Tony ever tell you to do things?
To my stomach.
Where does he go?
Because he hides.
Why not?
No.
if you were to open your mouth now, could I see Tony?
Oh,
No.  It's the little boy that lives in my mouth.
Is Tony one of your animals?
Talking to Tony.
Now Danny, can you remember what you were doing just before you started brushing your teeth?
Mommy saying, 'Wake up, wake up, wake up Danny, wake up.'
What's the next thing you remember after you were brushing your teeth?
Yes.
Do you remember when you were brushing your teeth?
No.
Now Danny, when you were brushing your teeth, do you remember if you smelled anything funny, or saw any bright flashing lights, or anything at all strange?
Well it's just one of those things. You know... purely an accident, um. My husband had oh... been drinking, and he came home about three hours late, so he wasn't exactly in the greatest mood that night.  And well Danny had scattered some of his school papers all over the room... and my husband grabbed his arm, you know, and pulled him away from them. It's...it's just the sort of thing you do a hundred times with a child - you know, in a park or on the streets - but on this particular occasion my husband just... used too much strength and he injured Danny's arm.
How did he manage to do that?
Ah he dislocated his shoulder.
What sort of injury did he have?
No, um let's see I guess Danny started talkin to Tony about the time we put him into nursery school.
Did Tony's first appearance happen to coincide with your arrival here?
Tony.
Did the appearance of Danny's imaginary friend...?
Only about three months.  Eh we're from Vermont.  My husband was teaching school there.
Have you been in Boulder long, Mrs. Torrance?
Mrs. Torrance, most of the time these episodes with kids are never explained.  They are brought on by emotional factors, and they rarely occur again.
But eh what was the matter with him?
Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah, he seems absolutely fine now, but you should have seen him.
Mrs. Torrance, I don't think you have anything to worry about.  I'm quite sure there is nothing physically wrong with Danny.
Thank you.
Please...
Yes.
Shall we go into the living room?
Great.  Sit down.  Oh these marvellous doughnuts, help yourself. Coffee will be ready in a few minutes.
Sure.
Well I'm going to have some coffee. Would you like some?
It's okay, really.
Well how can I repay you?
Oh I wouldn't think of it.
You give your word on that do you, Mr. Torrance?
There's nothing I look forward to with the greater pleasure, Mr. Grady.
I fear that you will have to deal with this matter in the harshest possible way, Mr. Torrance.  I fear that is the only thing to do.
For the moment, Mr. Grady.  Only for the moment.
Your wife appears to be stronger than we imagined, Mr. Torrance. Somewhat more resourceful, she seems to have got the better of you.
Just give me one more chance to prove it, Mr. Grady.  That's all I ask.
Will you indeed, Mr. Torrance.
No need to rub it in, Mr. Grady. I'll deal with that situation as soon as I get out of here.
Grady... oh.
It's Grady, Mr. Torrance.  Delbert Grady.
Perhaps they need a good talking to, if you don't mind my saying so. Perhaps a bit more.
She eh... interferes.
Well, he is a very willful boy.
Your son has a very great talent. I don't think you are aware how great it is, but he is attempting to use that very talent against your will.
How?
A nigger cook.
A nigger!
A nigger.
Who?
He is, Mr. Torrance.
No.
Oh, they're somewhere around.  I'm not quite sure at the moment, sir.
And, er... where are they now?
Yes, sir.  I have a wife and eh two daughters, sir.
Why no, sir.  I don't believe so.
Eh... Mr. Grady... weren't you once the caretaker here?
Ah ha, it's coming off now, sir.
Why no, sir.  I don't believe so.
haven't I seen you somewhere before?
That's right, sir.
Delbert Grady.
Yes, sir.
Grady?
Fine.
Won't keep you a moment, sir.
Awfully nice of you to say.  Of course I intend to change my jacket this evening before the fish and goose soiree.
That doesn't matter, sir.  You're the important one.
Yes sir.  Look um... I think the best thing is to come along to the gentlemen's room, sir, and eh...
Advocaat is it?
I'm afraid it's advocaat sir.  It tends to stain.
Hallo, this is Dick Halloran again. I called a while ago about the folks at the Overlook Hotel.
Good evening.  Forest Service.
All right, sir.
Thank you very much.  I'll do that.
I'd be glad to do that, sir.  Oh why don't you call me back in about eh twenty minutes?
Sir, I've been trying to make an urgent phone call up there,
Good evening, Mr. Halloran.  What can I do for you?
Hallo.  My name's Dick Halloran. I'm the Head Chef up at the Overlook Hotel.
Good evening.  Forest Service.
No problem, Mr. Ullman.  I was just getting to the ice cream.
Dick, can we borrow Mrs. Torrance for a few minutes?  We're on our way through to the basement - I promise we won't keep her very long.
It will be a pleasure.  Right this way Mrs. Torrance.
Dick, if you're ready to do it now, I think it would be a good idea if you could show Mrs. Torrance the kitchen, while I continue on with Jack.
Oh, that's just great.  How do you folks like our hotel so far?
The Torrances are going to take care of the Overlook for us this winter.
This is Dick Halloran, our Head Chef.
Sure.
Oh Dick, come on over and say hello to Mr. and Mrs. Torrance.
Sound good to you, Danny?
Good.
No, we don't mind.
Well I guess I probably heard you call him that.
Yeah.  We call him Doc sometimes, you know, like in the Bugs Bunny cartoons.  But how did you know that?
I did?
Doc.  You called Danny 'Doc' twice just now.
Beg pardon?
Well one thing for sure, you don't have to worry about food because you folks could eat up here a whole year and never have the same menu twice.
I wouldn't know what to do with it if I did.
Don't let it get you down Mrs. Torrance - it's big but it still ain't nothing but a kitchen... a lot of the stuff you'll never have to touch.
Yeah, this is it.  How do you like it, Danny?  Is it big enough for you?
God.  This is the kitchen, huh?
Oh Wendy.  That's nice.  That's the prettiest.
I'm a Wendy.
Mrs. Torrance, your husband introduced you as Winifred.  Now are you a Winnie or a Freddie?
Nice to meet you.
Glad to meet you, Winifred.
Well, I'm looking for a change.
Well this ought to be quite a change for you.
I'm a writer um... Teaching has been more or less a way of making ends meet.
What line of work are you in now?
Eh - formerly a school-teacher.
Pleasure to meet you.
Pleased to meet you.
Bill, how do you do?
It's not a matter that concerns you, Mr. Torrance - at least not at this point.
I'm the kind of man likes to know who's buying their drinks, Lloyd.
Your money's no good here.
No charge?
What'll it be, sir?
It's good to be back, Lloyd.
It's good to see you.
Good evening Mr. Torrance.
Hi Lloyd.  I've been away.  Now I'm back.
Women!  Can't live with 'em.  Can't live without 'em!
Nothing that I can't handle though, Lloyd.  Thanks.
I hope it's nothing serious.
Things could be better, Lloyd. Things could be a whole lot better.
How are things going, Mr. Torrance?
Thank you for saying so.
Best goddamned bartender from Timbuctoo to Portland Maine - Portland Oregon for that matter.
That's swell.  I like you, Lloyd. I always liked you.  You were always the best of them. 
Your credit's fine, Mr. Torrance.
How's my credit in this joint anyway?
Now I'm awfully glad you asked me that, Lloyd, because I just happen to have two twenties and two tens right here in my wallet.  I was afraid they were going to be there until next April.  So here's what: you slip me a bottle of Bourbon, a glass and some ice.  You can do that, can't you, Lloyd?  You're not to busy, are you?
What'll it be?
Wendy...
I'm gonna go now.
Wendy...
I'll bring back a doctor.
Give me the bat.
Go away.
Give me the bat.
Go away.
Wendy...
Go away from me.
Give me the bat.
Get down.
Stop swinging the bat.
Jack, stay away from me!
Give me the bat.
Stay away from me.
Give me the bat.
Stay... stay away!
Wendy give me the bat.
Stop it!
Put the bat down, Wendy.
Stay away from me.
Stop swinging the bat.
Stay away from me!  Please...
Stay away from me!
I'm not going to hurt you.
Stay away from me!
Darling, light of my life, I'm not going to hurt you.  You didn't let me finish my sentence.  I said 'I'm not going to hurt you... I'm just going to bash your brains in!'  I'm going to bash them right the fuck in.
Stay away...!
Wendy!
Stay away from me,
I'm not going to hurt you.
Don't hurt me!  Don't hurt me!
Why?
I just want to go back to my room.
Why?
Stay away from me!
Have you ever had a single moment's thought about my responsibilities? Have you ever thought for a single solitary moment about my responsibilities to my employers?
Oh Jack, what are you talking about?
Have you ever thought about my responsibilities?
Of course you are.
Of course I am.
Jack...
As soon as possible.
When do you think maybe he should be taken to a doctor?
Yes...
You think maybe he should be taken to a doctor?
Well I... I think maybe he should be taken to a doctor.
I don't think that's true.  I think you have some very definite ideas about what should be done with Danny... and I'd like to know what they are.
I don't know.
You can't remember.
I can't really remember.
I...
How do you like it?
Jack!
Wendy, I have let you fuck up my life so far, but I'm not going to let you fuck this up!
Jack...
Shovellings out driveways, work in a car wash - any of that appeal to you?
Yes.
You mean just leave the hotel?
Yes.
Get him out of here?
I think he did it to himself.
Somebody did that to him.
Good.
He's still asleep.
Absolutely nothing.  How is he?
And you didn't see anything at all?
Yes, I did.
You went into the room Danny said - to 237?
No, nothing at all.
Did you find anything?
Which room was it?
No.  It's the truth, really.  I swear it.  Danny told me.  He went up into one of the bedrooms, the door was open, and he saw this crazy woman in the bath-tub.  She tried to strangle him.
I dreamed that I... that I killed you and Danny.
It's okay.  It's okay, now.  Really.
I had... I had the most terrible nightmare I ever had.  It's the most horrible dream I ever had.
Fine.  Why don't you start right now and get the fuck out of here, hmm?
Yes.
or whether you don't hear me typing, whatever the fuck you hear me doing in here, when I am in here that means that I am working - that means don't come in.  Now do you think you can handle that?
Fine.  Now we're going to make a new rule.  Whenever I am in here and you hear me typing,
Yes.
and it will then take me time to get back to where I was, understand?
Wendy,  let me explain something to you. Whenever you come in here and interrupt me, you're breaking my concentration.
Okay.  I understand.  I'll come back later on with a couple of sandwiches for you and... maybe you'll let me read something then.
I'm not being grouchy.  I just want to finish my work.
Ah, come on hon.  Don't be so grouchy.
What do you want me to do about it?
Yeah.  It's amazing how fast you get used to such a big place.  I tell you, when we first came up here, I thought it was kinda scarey.
I love it.  I really do.  I've never been this happy, or comfortable anywhere.
It's really nice up here, isn't it?
Yeah... that's all it is.
Well, something'll come.  It's just a matter of settling back into the habit of writing every day.
Lots of ideas.  No good ones.
Any ideas yet?
Oh I suppose I oughta try to do some writing first.
It's really pretty outside.  How about taking me for a walk after you've finished your breakfast?
Hmm, nice.
I made 'em just the way you like 'em, sunny side up.
I know it.
I guess we've been staying up too late.
Eleven thirty - Jesus!
It's about eleven thirty.
What time is it?
Good Morning, hon.  Your breakfast is ready.
Yeah.
Perfect for a child.
God, I've never seen anything like this before.  Are all of these Indian designs authentic?
Sure is.
Uh...huh.
Boy, we must be really high up. The air feels so different.
Great.  Look, I'm at the hotel and I still have an awful lot to go through.  I don't think I can get home before nine or ten.
Hi, hon.  How's it going?
Hi, babe.
Well, it's very... homely.
Yes, very cosy for a family, and if you feel like spreading out you have the rest of the hotel to move around in.
Oh...
I'd better collect my family first.
Oh fine.  Well in view of all the ground that we to cover today, I suggest we go and have a quick look at your apartment and then get started straight away.
Right there.
Oh... Has your luggage been brought in?
No, my son's discovered the games room.
Good.  Glad you made it before they shut down the kitchen.  Is your family having a look around?
No problem.  In fact we had time to grab a bite to eat.
Good morning Jack.  I hope you haven't been waiting too long.
Well, you can rest assured Mr. Ullman, that's not going to happen with me, and eg as far as my wife is concerned, I am sure she'll be absolutely fascinated when I tell her about it.  She's a confirmed ghost story and horror film addict.
put off by the idea of staying alone in a place where something like that actually happened.
Well, obviously some people can be
Well, that is eh quite a story.
shut in together over long periods of time.
The police eh... they thought that it was what the old-timers used to call cabin-fever, a kind of claustrophobic reaction which can occur when people are
Well, my predecessor in this job
I don't believe they did.
I don't suppose they eh told you anything in Denver about the tragedy we had up here during the winter of 1970?
I'm intrigued.
been known to give a few people second thoughts about the job.
Great...
They'll love it.
How about your wife and son?  How do you think they'll take to it?
Not for me.
can of itself be a problem.
That's very good Jack, because eh... for some people eh solitude and isolation...
five months of peace is just what I want.
Well, that just happens to be exactly what I'm looking for.  I'm eh... I'm outlining a new writing project, and eh... 
Physically, it's not a very demanding job.  The only thing that can get a bit trying up here during the winter is eh... the tremendous sense of isolation.
Well, that sounds fine to me.
...the winters can be fantastically cruel, and the basic idea is to...to cope with the very costly damage and depreciation which can occur.  And this consists mainly of running the boiler, heating different parts of the hotel on a daily rotating basis, repairing damage as it occurs and doing repairs, so that the elements can't get a foothold.
Well...
Only in a very general way.
Oh, it sure would be
Do you mind if I ask why you do that?  It seems to me that the skiing up here would be fantastic.
Let's see, where were we?  Yes.  I was about to explain that eh... our season here runs from oh May 15th to October 30th and then we close down completely until the following May.
Susie.
Well, if you are going to have some, I wouldn't mind.  Thanks.
JAck, just make yourself at home. Would you like some coffee?
Well, that's very good time, very good.  Please sit down a minute.
Oh, no problem at all.  I made the trip in three and a half hours.
Have any trouble finding us?
Nice to meet you, Mr. Ullman.
Very nice to meet you.
Oh, well - come on in Jack.
I'm Jack Torrance.
Yes?
Mr. Ullman?
Yes.
Just like a ghost ship, huh?
By five o'clock tonight, you'll never know anybody was ever here.
Yes, well the guests and some of the staff left yesterday, but the last day is always very hectic - everybody wants to be on their way as early as possible.
It's amazing how much activity is going on today.
How're you getting on?
Hi.
Hi.
Thank you, Susie.
Thanks.
Boy, I bet you we could really have a good party in this room, huh hon?
We can accommodate up to three hundred people here very comfortably.
Oh, I'll say.
Oh...well this is our gold ballroom.
Oh well he sure did a beautiful job. Pink and gold are my favorite colors.
As a matter of fact we eh... brought a decorator in from Chicago just last year to refurbish this part of the hotel.
Oh!
This is the staff wing of the hotel. None of the other bedrooms are heated during the winter.
All the best people.
Royalty?
even before anybody knew what a jet set was.  We've had four presidents who stayed here, lots of movie stars.
Oh well they're really gorgeous. As a matter of fact this is probably the most gorgeous hotel I've ever seen.
Yes, I believe they are based mainly on Navajo and Apache motifs.
Oh, it's beautiful.  My God, this place is fantastic, isn't it hon?
This is our Colorado Lounge.
Fine.
Bill, would you have the Torrances' things brought in their apartment.
Well, that still gives up plenty of time to go over everything first.
Eight thirty.
What time does the plane leave?
Jack is a schoolteacher.
Fine.
Jack is going to take care of the Overlook for this winter.  I would like you to take him around the place as soon as we are through.
How do you do?
Bill, I'd like you to meet Jack Torrance.
Damn near. Now I'll sit up with this stupid gun in my lap because I promised, but you two are going to bed. Go on, now, scoot.
The moon's not down yet...
When me and sissy were kids, we were just like you two.
Sure, Uncle Al.
Can I tell you kids something?
I don't know. Maybe he doesn't know, either.
Would you kids mind telling me how this guy Lowe became a werewolf to begin with?
Jesus.
Blue. This blue.
Lowe's car-?
Why hasn't he picked up the phone and told Constable Haller that someone is sending him poison-pen letters?
I don't accept the idea that he knows who his letter writer is, Jane. Because I don't accept the idea that there was a big bad wolf who saw Marty in his wheelchair.
If Father Lowe is an innocent little lamb, why hasn't he picked up the telephone and called Constable Haller to tell him Marty's sending poison-pen letters?
Uncle Al-
Holy-jumped-up-baldheaded-Jesus-CHRIST!
You're a real booger, you know it?
All except my legs... I don't think I can walk.
Are you all right, Marty?
Jane-
Don't you touch me, snotbrains!
Will you?
Please, Uncle Al.
Will you marry me, Jane?
Don't tell me what I have to do and what I don't, booger-brains.
Jane... you don't have to do that.
Jane, I have to talk to you.
Went shopping. Why?
Where's Mom?
Marty? You okay? You've just been sitting here all morning.
Let me help you up.
Yes. Go away.
Stop it!
What do you expect, when he comes in smelling like a brewery and looking like an unmade bed?
Mom was really mad at him this time, wasn't she?
It was Brady's idea, Jane. Honest to God. Please take the money. I want to make up.
I don't want your money. You're a booger.
A new pair of panty hose. Is it enough?
What's the money for?
If you don't stop it I'm going to vomit. I mean it.
Did he really get his head cut off, Dad? That's what Brady said.
Brady's a booger and so are you!
Come on, Jane- it was Brady's idea. I couldn't stop him.
You always take his side because he's a cripple! Well, it's not my fault that he's a cripple!
Okay. Have you got enough gas to get home, Marty?
Yeah... but if you hear any more noises, tell your father. Okay?
Well, it's probably nothing. I'm just spooked since... you know.
And my dad says it's kids. But it's not rats and it's not kids. It's-
Rats...
Rattling. Rustling.
What kind of noises?
I've been hearing noises in there.
What?
There's something else scary.
Hey, take it easy. I know how you feel.
I used to see her every day, and she never knew what was going to happen to her, and neither did I! I mean I know how stupid that sounds, but...
Well... it is his third.
For getting a divorce?
Glasspack. He said he'd come over sometime this summer and we'd soup up the engine... but now I dunno. He's getting a divorce and he's in the doghouse with my mother.
What's that?
Not bad, huh? My Uncle Al took off the regular muffler and put on a Cherry Bomb.
That's what my sister says, too. Pretty soon I'm going to start checking the mirror to see if I'm turning green.
You booger.
Then I'd have to kick your ass, dear boy.  Go on, now.
What if I say no?
I know what I said, Marty- but it's ten past one. He's not coming.
But Uncle Al! You said-
I suppose so. You kids ought to go up to bed.
Yeah. Really. The bitch of it is, we still are. Learn from your elders, dearies.
Yeah? Really?
Will you do it?
Dear boy, you have gone right out of your mind.
I think he's going to come for me. Not just because I know who he is, but because I hurt him. Only I don't think he'll try again as Lowe.
The kid is eleven years old and already he sounds like a Jesuit. A French Jesuit.
No one knows how cancer begins, either- or exactly what it is- but people still believe in it.
Marty, the moon wasn't even full!
I saw what I saw.
You're not going to let it go, are you?
I want you to turn this into a silver bullet.
And what do you suggest I do about it, dear boy?
Mr. Haller said he'd check him out, and guess what? No one sees him again!
No.
What about Father Lowe chasing me in his car and trying to run me down? You don't think that was a dream, do you?
It could have been anything, Marty.
There! You see!
No... but I found some blood, smeared on a tree trunk in that grove.
I told you!
After Marty called me with his latest Thrilling Tale of Wonder, I did.  He's had no poison-pen complaints lodged at all.
Shut up, dear boy- no gloating allowed.
I told you!
Well... it's a lot easier to swallow without the hair and the foaming jaws. Also, I checked on the otic solution. It was counter brand. No prescription needed.
When he was a werewolf. Yes. Right. Jesus. Jane, you don't really believe this madness, do you?
I didn't shoot him when he was a man. I shot him when he was-
Do you really think that a man who took a rocket in the eye three nights ago could be out mowing his lawn? He'd either be in the hospital... or dead.
Marty, do you see your suspect?
I'll bet you a quarter that eyewash stuff was nonprescription. And I'll bet you another quarter he hasn't said anything to Mr. Haller.
Watch it, dear boy. I think it was a hallucination. Probably a broomstick, or something.
No- we just got you out here so we could admire your pretty face.
You want to know what I think?
What about the baseball bat Jane saw in his shed? You know who used to have a baseball bat like that? Mr. Knopfler! He was so proud of it he used to carry it in the Fourth of July parade! Jane said it looked like the Green Giant used it for a toothpick!
I don't know. But I know you didn't see any werewolf the other night, Marty. You had a dream, that's all. An extremely realistic nightmare brought on by what's been happening in this town.
Well... was it a prescription?
Marty, Marty, you should hear yourself!
It wasn't- I'll bet you it wasn't. Because to get a prescription he'd have to see a doctor.
What the hell does that matter?
Was it a prescription?
I called Peltzer on my way over here, Marty! Father Lowe came into the drugstore two days ago for a bottle of otic solution. That's a fancy way of saying eyewash. He's got a corneal inflammation.
It came for me! I shot it in the eye! Now he's wearing an eye-patch!
You're welcome a million, Marty. Stick 'em in the bushes for now.
Thanks a million, Uncle Al!
A tracer. You'll like it.
What is it?
Save this one for last.
Yeah... sure.
One of the reasons I love you, Marty, is that you're almost as crazy as I am. Please don't set off anything that goes bang tonight, okay? Just bright colors. Can you tell the difference?
Yeah, I know. It's great!
Stay near the house, for Christ's sake- someone's killing people. I have to be out of my mind to be doing this, you know.
Yeah! What is it?
Now I said I had something for you, as I believe you will recall.
Good.
Sure.
I know you don't. But I want this to be our secret. You get that, don't you?
I don't get you.
It goes fast, all right- and if your mother finds out just how fast, Marty, I will have a new job. Singing soprano with the Vienna Boys' Choir.
It really goes fast. Thanks, Uncle Al.
You gave me a heart attack, Marty. I'm dying. I hope you're happy, because you are looking at a dying man.
We're gonna find out. Take it down the road a ways and back. Be careful.
Do I need one?
You got a pilot's license, Marty?
Wait, dear boy. Just wait. Hand me those pliars.
What?
Yeah, Winesburg, Ohio, was never like that... but I got something that just might cheer you up.
Uh-huh. Only in her case I guess it would be Queen Shit of Turd Mountain. Hand me that adjustable.
She and dad are out back lighting the barbecue. Jane's walking around like she's King Shit of Turd Mountain. Like always.
Your mom's not around, is she?
But you are, you know- you are my dear boy.
Don't call me dear boy.
I'll give you the telephone numbers of my ex-wives, dear boy- they'll be interested to hear that.
Well... I like it that you always know how to say things, Uncle Al.
It's just an outward symbol of everything that's inwardly wrong in this town. Not bad, huh? I read Sherwood Anderson in college. I can jive that shit all day.
Yeah, okay, the fireworks. Jane thinks that's all I'm mad about, but it's not. Them doing that is just a... a...
And the fireworks. Hand me that box, Marty.
It isn't enough that the monster killed all those people- that he killed Brady. Now he's got them to cancel the fair.
A bunch of men getting ready to pretend they're Clint Eastwood... Marty, didn't anybody ever tell you that the only monsters are in comic books and drive-in movies?
What's going on at Owen's, Uncle Al?
What if it's some kind of monster?
Huh?
Uncle Al, what if it's not a guy?
Well, I'm not sure that was. Christ! They better get the guy.
No.
There's a saying- so-and-so was better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick. You ever hear that one?
Yeah.
You all right, Marty?
Let the boy finish the game, Nan.
Mom-!
Piss on him. Piss on all the Red Sox.
Okay, okay. Dwight Evans.
Ralph Houk! You can't bet a manager! Stone the crows!
I will- be good, kids.
If you keep doing that, you're going to bump your head, sissy. Give my love to Mama- tell her I'll see her Thursday.
You kids go to bed on time! You've got school tomorrow!
We won't!
And don't open the door for any trick or treaters even if they come!
-and Babcock, I remember. Now go on!
Remember, Al... we'll be at the Ritz-Carlton in Boston tomorrow night! Or at the funeral parlor. It's Stickney and-
See me around to my car, Marty, and make sure I stay out of trouble at least that long.
So have I, actually... I wish it could always be like this.
Yes... you've always been that to him. But if you can't leave your booze in whatever dump you call home, you better just stay away.
I come here because Marty needs a friend.
Really?
I must tell the Cardinal.  I.11 send him a personal letter, describing your efforts, your bold new fight to keep your little convent alive.
Perhaps.
I can't wait until next Sunday, when the choir performs again.  Did you see the people walk right in from the street? That music, that heavenly music -- it called to them.
Well... thank you.
I haven't enjoyed Mass this much in years.  What a marvelous program. Innovative.  Inspiring.  You are to be commended.
Oh?
Reverend Mother, I just wanted to congratulate you.
I said I was a nun, not an asshole.
What about crack?  You a user?
Okay, so maybe I'm a nun -- so, you want to ask me something?  You want to listen, for once in your little lives? You want to pay some attention?
Yeah, you learned a whole lot, I can tell.
Yeah.  We all got caught.  Shoplifting. Cuttin' school.  Cuttin' up some bitch with a blade.  So we gotta come here.  So we'll be good, in the future.  So we'll learn valuable lessons.  And I learned mine.  I will be incredibly good, I will never rip out nobody's nose-ring by accident ever again.  Can I go now?
Well... yes.  Yes it is.
Yeah.  Sister Mary Pat was discussing it.  You know she thinks it's a sin.
Really.
YES I'LL SING AND KNOW JOY EVERMORE
SING!
And I'm tearful!
SING!
But I'm fearful!
SING! SING AND YOUR SPIRIT WILL SOAR!
Were you tempted?
SING!
HE'S SO FINE...
Yes, Mary?
He's... dreamy.  He's...
I think they hear you!
LET THY SPIRIT
You know what we're saying!
LET THY SPIRIT
LET THY SOUL BE HEALED
You know, I just might!
LET THY THOUGHTS BE GUIDED
I think I hear it!
BY A VOICE YOU HEAR FROM ON HIGH
But how?
LET THY SOUL BE HEALED
What you say?
LET THY THOUGHTS BE GUIDED
You know it.
Hey, Sisters.  Are you going in there?
How are you doing.
Just tell him, I do love you, but I can't -- I'm a nun.
What you do?
Hey, I know, it's hard.  But do what I do.
No, but... I don't know... sometimes.
And you listen to that?
Well, what about the sex stuff?  What if some dude is after you, and he's always saying stuff, commin' on sweet and mellow.  Like, oh, baby, you know you'll love it.  Oh, baby, if you loved me, you'd stay.
Probation?
'Cause we love it so damn much.  And cause we gotta come here.  Probation.
Excuse me -- just what are you all doing here?  At Sunday School?
Well... because it's in the Bible. "Thou shalt not..."  Thou shalt not.
How come?  Sister?
We were talking about the wild thing. Teen promiscuity.
So, hi there.  I'm... Sister Mary Clarence.  And you're... young Christians.  I guess I should assign you this passage.  What's good?  What were you talking about?
That... thing.  That nun thing.  Take it off.
What?
Okay, Christy -- strip.
You can handle this.
What?
Mary Robert, don't panic.  Remember what we talked about?  Experience?
Yeah, right to the cops.  No way.
With love.
His ashes?
Then stop trying to memorize it.  Hit the road.
You ain't got nothin' I ain't seen.
What do you want?  This is a private area!  Get lost!
That used to be true, Vince.  I was with you.  But something happened.  And I'm different now.  Real--different.  I've had, well, you might call it -- a religious experience.  And I've got just two words for you.  And those two words are...
I was good to you! You re nothing but no-talent garbage! You're a two-bit Tramp!
Joey -- do it.
Right here.  Let the others go -- they have nothing to do with this.
I feel sorry for you, Vincent.  And I forgive you.
She's afraid.  Come on, tell the boys you're afraid.
I am sorry for all my sins.  And yours.
What, Vincent?  This is me, doll.  I know you.  What did you think you were doing?  Running to the cops.  Hiding out. No, no.  You're sorry now, aren't you?
Good evening, Vincent.
Babe, what happened here?  Look at you.
Right.  Yeah.  Forgotten.
And to say you're sorry.  About this afternoon.  And the things you said. Forgotten.  Completely.  Do you understand?  Forgotten.
Sure.
Is that why you came up here, Christy? To thank me?
Thanks.  A lot.
Yes?
No... it's fine.
You lying sleazeball!  The best years of my life!  What am I, garbage?  Am I lint?
Babe, it's not me!  I love you!  It's God!
You pig!
We can still see each other.  Just like always.  It's a different kind of sin. Smaller.
You bastard!
You want me to go against a priest?  Get excommunicated?  You think I'm nuts?
What? 
He said that if I got a divorce I'd burn in Hell.  For all eternity.
You said that?  And what did he say? Did he say you could leave her?  Did he say we'd be happy?
For the first time in I don't know how long.  I wanted everything done right. Open and above board.  I told Father Antonelli I was in love.  I told him it was a special love, for all the ages.
You did what?
I want us to be together.  Like people. Honest, decent people.  In the eyes of God.  Babe, today... I went to confession.
Today was the deadline, Vince.
How did I get so lucky?  What is it now, five years we've been together?  Who do I thank?
Vince...
You are so damn sexy.
Who?  The other woman.  Your wife.
What did who say?
Come on -- stay.  Just a little.  We can talk, I'll get a pizza.  Pizza in bed, we'll have fun.  And you still haven't told me what happened.  What did she say?
WISH HE WAS MINE.  THAT HANDSOME BOY OVER THERE, THE ONE WITH THE WAVY HAIR.
D00-LANG, DOO-LANG, D00-LANG.
HE'S SO FINE.
Yes, Betty?
He's so dreamy.  He's like... a Greek god.  He's the cutest guy here.    He's boss.  He's fab.  He's...
Oh my! 
Look at that.  Get a gander.
What is it, Betty?
Oh my! 
Oh-huh.
This prom is a real drag.
Yes, Betty?
Oh, girls.
Were you wicked?
SING AND THE DEVIL WILL FLEE!
Pay attention...
BUT THEN CAME AN ANGEL WHO WHISPERED THESE WORDS
What a shame!
DAMNATION WAS ALL I COULD SEE
It's true -- I know her.
MY SOUL WAS IN DANGER I'D FALLEN FROM GRACE
Get moving.  I'm right behind you.
Hurry, Sister!
This is so exhilarating!  All week long, I can't wait till Sunday, when we sing.
Jackpot!  Two buckets
That man -- who is he?
What is it, Mary?
And we know that, even though most people would call you a leech and a parasite, the lowest slug of humanity! We know that deep down inside, you're probably even worse.  And so you truly need our prayers.
We know you don't want to bring pain and misery to your friends and neighbors. We'll pray to find you some honest work.
Because we're
SPRING IS HERE THE SUN WILL SHINE I'LL BE HIS AND HE'LL BE MINE WE'LL LOVE UNTIL THE END OF TIME AND WE'LL NEVER BE LONELY ANYMORE
So use it.  When we sing hymns, they're usually about rejoicing, right? Celebration.  Most music is.  So don't hold back.  Let all that joy go right into your voice.  Make me happy.  Let me hear it.  Perk out.  Perk down.
All right, I am, I know it!  All my life, I've just been... upbeat. Optimistic.  Perky.  I can't help it. Even when I was little, I remember my mother used to say, "That child is pure sunshine.  She'll either be a nun -- or a stewardess."
Am I?
Hold it.  Mary Patrick, you're a pretty cheerful person, aren't you?
The Dixie Cups?  Oh my.  I was just a girl.  Of course.  SPRING IS HERE THE SUN WILL SHINE
Mary Patrick -- do you remember the Dixie Cups?
It's a rhythm section.  The beat.
I know.  It's ancient.
That machine.
No way.  We're a choir, right? Headliners.  The big room.  Two days a week won't cut it.  Every day.
Two days.  An hour or so.
The goods.  The sound.  The sale.  Let's rearrange a few things.  Mary Patrick, you re not a natural soprano, you're an alto.  Get over here.  Mary Robert --with the sopranos.
Chops?
You see?  We've got the voices.  They're just allover the place. I've heard all of you, in the shower --you're decent. Better than me.  We just need charts -- harmony -- chops.
Mary Clarence, could you?  Mary Lazarus, you're terrific, but...  Could you help us?
Hold on.
Sure is!  Come on in, and sing a spell.
Is this... choir practice?
I love my heddles.  Show me again.
Shuttle, beat, shed.  And watch your heddles.
You betcha.
Just about.  Show me again.
Isn't it lovely?  Now I'll demonstrate, and then you can hop right in.  You just draw your beater in, keep it pressed against the pick, and open the shed.  Then pass your shuttle, beat, and open the next shed.  Shuttle. beat, beat, shuttle, beat, shed.  Keep tension on the warp.  Is that clear?
Oh, right.  At my old place, we used to... wash cars.  Groom dogs.  So... nice loom.
Mary Clarence.  Goose.  We're completely self-supporting.  Like all convents. Like yours.
But don't you get money?  From the Vatican?
To sell, of course.  I hate to say it, but we're in terrible trouble here at St. Katherine's.  We need a new roof, the furnace is going, and there's no money.
Why?
Well, it all comes back, in just a jiffy.  I'm working on a wall-hanging, of the convent.
Not in years.
The minute I saw you. I said to myself, she's a weaver.  Have you ever used a loom?
No. HEY -- HE KNOWS THAT YOU BEEN CREATING NOW YOU'RE GONNA GET A BEATING
1961?  '62?  Mary Clarence, that's when many of us took final vows.  It's the last secular music we recall.
I haven't heard that song in ages.  The Ronettes?
Where did that come from?
Right.
Isn't it a glorious morning?  Good morning, Mary Clarence.  sleep well?
Sing!
JUST SING!
You re okay -- for a civilian.
Hey -- you re supposed to be the cheerful one.  Why do I suddenly feel like Snow White?
You know?  About me?  About everything?
Van Cartier.
That's true, wouldn't that be great.  Of course, we never know when things are going to change.  Any one of us could be transferred to another convent, tomorrow.
We could cut a demo.  Look for a label.
Well... see, at my old convent, I wasn't always... real popular.  I was sort of selfish and... not real helpful.  Okay, I'll say it -- I wasn't much of a nun. But now, thanks to all of you... maybe I'm shaping up.
Is there any syrup?
What?
She's a pro.
Again!
Babies
Amateurs 2
Hopeless I
Right, right, cross with the left, spin and turn!
Don't look at your feet, and I don't want to see anybody counting.  Make it look easy.  Again!
Tell me about it.
It'll be hell.
A bunch of real mama's girls.
Wet behind the ears.
I don't know.  Mary Lazarus, what do you think?  They're pretty raw.
I hear you.  How many days a week do you rehearse?
Of course.  I'm a nun.  Four Popes now. The Lord hates a loafer.
Mary Lazarus, I get the feeling that you like discipline.  Hard work.
I knew that.
Yeah, for one second.  That was the blend -- you've got to listen to each other.  Be a group.
Mary Robert.
Very nice.  Sisters, have we learned our lesson?  I won't hold this little episode against anyone.  I'll try not to.
You're a ringer.  She brought you in to replace me.  Out with the old.
What?
Free-lance?  Oh really?  You think I don't see?  You think I took vows yesterday?  I know what you're up to. You and Reverend Mother.
Sure.  Kind of... free-lance.
Um, I don't really know this one...
Mary Clarence, are you with us?
Whatever.
Soprano or alto?
You know that song?
Shirelles.
I like my old convent, in Vancouver. Out in the woods.  It wasn't all modern, like here.  No electricity.  Cold water. Bare feet.  Those were nuns.  It was Hell on earth, but I loved it.  This place is a Hilton.
Like this place?
Progressive convents.  Vanity.  It sounds awful.  It sounds just like this place.
What?
Enough jabber.
Which convent?  It was, um, the Little Sisters... of the Moonlight.  In Vegas. Everybody used to come to Mass.  Frank. Dean.  Sammy.  Right at ringside.
HE SAID, SING THE DEVIL AWAY!
What did He say?
BUT THE LORD CAME TO ME
Don't you know it!
I WAS HELL-BOUND, YES THAT'S WHAT THEY SAY SATAN WAS WAITING
It's true!
I WAS DOWNHEARTED
Bless you.
Mary Clarence!
She's got nothing to do with this.  Let her go.
But what do they want?  Where are we going?
Again?
Run!  Take off!
They're from my old convent.
Wait, this isn't the way.  Who are you?
Right to Hell.  Just kidding. Where is that bus?
The Council of Cardinals!  I'm so nervous!  What if I forget the words?
Oh no.  We'll always be together.
Are you leaving us?
A thank-you?  For what?  You're the one we should be thanking.
It's contraband.  Don't ask.  But I wanted to give you a treat.  A sort of... thank-you gift.
We're nuns!
Yes, prayer is the answer, and prayers free  We're going to give free prayers to everyone who drives up to this house.
HONOR THY MOTHER AND THY FATHER TOO DON'T KILL, DON'T STEAL, IT'S BAD FOR YOU
WE'RE THE SISTERS OF THE SACRED HEART WE DO OUR BIT, NOW DO YOUR PART
Give me a C.  A C!
I don't want to mess anyone up...
Mary Robert, I've watched you.  You never really sing.  You whisper. Nothing comes out.
What?
Now stop that.  You didn't shoot at me. You were only trying to help, to give me experience.  I tried to explain that to Reverend Mother, but -- I don't know if she understood.
Mary Robert, I am so sorry about last night...
We could have been killed!  But you saved me!  Thank you, Mary Clarence!
I don't know, some people just don't like nuns.  I wish I had a ruler.
What was all that?  Who was that man? Why would he shoot at us?
Experience!
Oh my Lord!
Mary Clarence!
Goddamn it!
Keep moving!
Mary Clarence!
Well, you know, you don't have to tell her everything.  I mean, nothing really happened.  We just... took a walk.
I can't wait to tell Reverend Mother about all my experiences.  I've learned so much.
Honey.
Mary Clarence!  You're so... different from the other sisters.  Sometimes, well... sometimes you sound more like a layperson.
Good point.  Especially that dude you were with.  I'd like to see him down front.
Those people are wonderful!  Why don't we ever see them in church?
You watch yourself!
I'm getting experience.
This is your neighborhood.  Your turf. You should get to know 'em.
Who are all these people?
Really?
Initiation.  You understand.  Later on, we make her wear her underwear on her head.
I have to do this.  So I can become a nun.
Right.
Experience!  Right?
Bobs
It's part of St. Katherine's new community outreach program.  How old are you?  You shouldn't be smoking.  Have you ever seen a diseased lung?  Hand 'em over.
We need experience.
Now you.
Mary Clarence!
Are you sure?
We must... get you some experience.  We must... leave this place.
Of course!  We must do it!  It's the will of God!  What is it?
We must do this sacred thing, Mary Robert.
Reverend Mother says you need experience, right, in life.  In order to make a responsible decision.  This is going to be very painful for me.  You know how much I love this little room. This whole convent.  Wait.
What?
Well, then there's only one thing to do.
She said that?  Reverend Mother?
She says I should wait.  She says that no one should become a nun as an escape from life.  She says that I'm not experienced enough to make the decision yet.  In a mature manner.
She won't?  Why not?
Oh. Mary Clarence, I'm so unworthy.  I want to take my final vows, I would do it tomorrow, but Reverend Mother won't let me!
Excuse me?
No, you don't understand -- I don't want to get out!  I want to get in?
Right, sure, but what's the problem? Are they keeping you a prisoner here? Do they drug you?  Did Reverend Mother like, kidnap your parents?  We can call the Enquirer.
You have to help me
Yeah, like a learner's permit, right? When do you hit the big time?  You know, when do you take the final vows?
A novice.
Three years.  A rookie.
Three years.  Sister.
So, Bob, how long have you been in? St. K's?
Right.  Okay.  Bob.  Nice to know you.
Mary Robert.  I'm... Mary Robert.
Thanks.  So which one are you? Sister Bruce?  Sister Doug?
An extra heel of bread.  Please take it, you need your strength.  You've been working so hard.
A cigarette?
I... I brought you something.
What?
I... I...
What?  What does she want now?  I did the dishes.  I oiled the pews.  I dusted the hymnals.  Two hundred hymnals.  Why can't people share?
Five a.m.?
It's after five.  We have to bathe.
What?  What time is it?
Come on, we're late.
Don't push it.
Really?  And maybe shorter habits, and women priests, and sleeping late?
Perhaps not.  Perhaps we can all use... a little Spandex.
What about me, Reverend Mother?  I think you were right.  I'm just a bad influence.  Sister show biz.
You have evidenced great maturity, Mary Robert.  We shall have a serious discussion.
I don't think so.  What about skydiving? A crank call to Billy Graham?
Very well.  I hold you responsible for all of this, For introducing a lounge act into my convent.  For utterly disrupting our way of life.  And for placing all of us in mortal danger.  Thank-you.
Then I guess you're stuck.  Life sentence.  No parole.
I'm a Christian.
You saved my life.
Oh?
Reverend Mother -- Thank-you.
Saving you.  Move!
What are you doing here?
Good day.
But...
I am sorry, Mary Clarence.  I seem to have misplaced my tambourine.  Good day, Mary Clarence.
Okay, so I just got things started.  But you could build on that.  You could keep it going.
You and I know that life is not so simple.  There will be disappointments. Rude shocks.  And you will have vanished. How... fortunate.
A part of what?  Mary Clarence, it is one thing to rabble rouse, to sweep into town and declare a holiday.  You have raised the Sisters' expectations, you have excited and confused them.  They imagine this neighborhood to be some sort of delightful ongoing block party.
But everything that's happening is good! You can be a part of it!
Indeed.  After how long?  A few weeks? I have been here thirty years.  And yet, it would seem, I know nothing.
But -- there's so much more to do right here.  And look, if it's about me, I mean, I'm gone.
I must go where I can be of use.
But -- why?
I have submitted my resignation to Bishop O'Hara.  Privately.  I have asked to be relocated as soon as possible.
What?
Really.  Well, that makes two of us.
Hey -- your prayers have been answered. I'm leaving.  In just a couple of days.
You have a phone call.
You sent for me?
The majority has spoken.
But... wait a minute...
Of course.  Mary Clarence, a convent is not a totalitarian state.  Most major decisions are made by the membership as a whole.  A membership that, I am certain, will vote in a rational and pious manner. All those in favor of allowing Mary Clarence to select a program?
A vote?
I believe this can be settled by a simple vote.
Isn't that why we were asked to sing for those Cardinals?
The council of Cardinals is perhaps the most esteemed body in the entire Catholic church.  They command the utmost respect. Your more... secular entertainment would be wholly out of place.
What do you mean?
And on such an occasion, I feel a completely traditional program will be best.
And I am refusing.  As of tomorrow, Mary Lazarus will resume her leadership of the choir.
Please let me try.  I'm begging you.
Out of the question.
Hold on.  That's not fair.  I worked hard with them.  They gave up their free time, and they loved it.  Those women are happy.  And we can get even better.  We can wake this place up.
Through blasphemy?  You have corrupted the entire choir!
Exactly.  People like going to theaters and casinos.  But they think church is for Grandma -- we could change that. Pack the joint.
And what next?  Popcorn?  Curtain calls? This is not a theater.  or a casino.
I was thinking Las Vegas.  Get some butts in those seats.
The choir, Mary Clarence.  Go for the gold.
Not the choir, please, anything but that.  The choir -- I mean, have you heard them?  I'll do anything, scrub floors, toilets, you name it, but not that I
You're my Olympic event.
No.  No.
You will sing, and you will sleep,' that is your schedule until you depart.  As almost no one attends Mass, you will be unable to cause further damage.
You have, I believe, some minimal background in music.  Therefore, you are to join our choir.
What?
You may stay.  But I shall restrict your activities to but a single task.
I am?
Mary Clarence, perhaps you are correct.
But you can't kick me out!  Guys want to kill me!  You're a nun!  A big nun! Aren't you supposed to have compassion? For the wayward sheep?  I mean, I'm a major sinner!  All-time great!  Hall of Fame!  Aren't I, like, your dream come true?  Your Olympic event?
Clearly, you have learned nothing. And you present an ongoing threat, both to this convent and to yourself.
A decent life?  Excuse me?  As what?  A janitor?
Mary Clarence, I have given you every opportunity.  To change.  To make a decent life for yourself.
I know!  I'm sorry   I didn't mean for it to happen!  And I was the one they were shooting at!
Mary Robert's life was in danger! Your behavior was inexcusable!
Look... I know I shouldn't have, I'm incredibly sorry about Mary Robert, I wasn't thinking, I didn't know that would happen!
I don't believe we have anything to say to each other.
So... hi there.
Look, this isn't my kind of thing!  I wasn't cut out to make little tapestries, or knit little sweaters! I don't do that! I'm a star!
Months of work, and the loom, absolutely ruined!
I'm sorry, I'm not a weaver!
Good.  Mary Patrick, I need you in the office.  Mary Clarence, carry on.
Really catching on.
How to put it... ah, Of course, Mary Clarence.  "No pain, no gain."
In English?
Do your recall the words of Saint Peter, in Ecciesiastes 1:27?  He spoke unto a wastrel youth.  He said, "Take up thy task, and know ye the path of contentment."
It never solves anything.
You are correct.  Sometimes prayer alone cannot help a situation.  Such as your own, for example.  How do you feel about physical labor?
Sometimes it's not enough!
We are nuns.  We seek solutions through prayer.
Have you been out in those streets?  Do you know what those kids are up against? You should help them!
This is a convent, not a clinic.  We offer moral guidance, not hardware.
Those girls were asking questions. They've got it rough.  I wish somebody had talked to me about that stuff when was their age.  I wish somebody would talk to me about it now.
A balloon and a banana!  Tell me, Mary Clarence, what were you thinking?
Mary Clarence!
Deal with it, sweet thing.  It's important, nowadays.  You just practice at home, with a balloon and a banana.
Come, Sister.
I got it.
Girls, this is Sister Mary Clarence. She'll be minding you until Sister Mary Patrick's return.  Mary Clarence, please assign a biblical passage.  Do not attempt discussion.  Am I understood?
Yeah?
From all I've heard, just about everything.  Your singing career seems all but nonexistent, and your married lover wants you dead. 
What's wrong with my life?
I'm sure.  If I were you, I would use this time, to think about my life.  And its direction.  Or lack thereof.
Wait.  No.  You're kidding.  Lights out? At nine?  My day's just starting.
It is nine p.m.  Pleasant dreams.
Right.  So what do we do now?  Ping- Pong?  Row over to the monastery?
Your cell is more than adequate.
Oh, I don't know... Satan?
And whom would you call?
It's like the Stone Age.  The room time forgot.  What about a phone?
Useless distractions.
Right, sure thing.  But what about, like, appliances?  Like a little color portable?  Boom box?
Our lives are simple.  We have little need for material possessions.
You were right the first time.  Is this like, solitary?  The cooler?  Where's the furniture?
Your cell.  Your room.
My what?
This shall be your cell, Mary Clarence.
That's tomorrow!  Don't you have any snacks?  Machines?
Yes.  Until breakfast.
Is this all the food I get?
No food.  Not until sundown.
No food?
A fast.  To remind us of the poor, of those who must endure without enough to eat.
A what?
As a new member of our order, I think you might also enjoy a ritual fast.
Until sundown.
Silence?  No talking?  All day?
Surely you are familiar with this practice, Mary Clarence.  Only when our lips are silent, can our prayers truly be heard.
A what?
Sisters, for the rest of the day we shall declare a Vow of Silence.
I'm outta here.
And the vow of chastity.
Like to who?
The vow of obedience.
No problem.
The Mary is in deference to the Holy Mother, the Clarence in honor of Saint Clarence Loyola.  There are three vows that every nun must accept.  The vow of poverty...
Mary Clarence?  Like a guy?  Like a dumb guy?
As of now, and until you leave, you are Sister Mary Clarence.
But look at rites  Look at this!  I'm a nun!  I'm invisible!  I'm a penguin!
Normally dressed, you are a sore thumb, and you endanger us all.  While you are here, you will conduct yourself as a nun. Only I shall know who, and what, you truly are.  You will not disrupt the convent.  You will not influence the Sisters with your colorful street talk. You will draw no attention to yourself in any way.
No!  No!  I can't do this!
Can do.
Excused.  Open the cabinet to your left. You will find appropriate attire.
Would you like that?
How about a robe?  One of those big terry cloth jobs, with like embroidery on the pocket.  "Guest of St. Katherine's"
Deal.
Before we do, you might like to freshen up.  And you'll certainly want to change
Cool.  Is there a menu?  Or buffet?
Of course.  But it's almost lunch.
Fine.  Got it.  Look, the way I see it, I'm stuck here, right?  I mean, I'm here or I'm target practice.  So here's the deal -- I don't bug you, you don't bug me.  I'll catch up on some sleep, watch some tube, lay back and lay low.  So just get me a key and show me to my room, and do not disturb.  Capisce?
Check your driver's license.
What's a concubine?
Absolutely not.  I mean the wicked.  The heedless.  And their Las Vegas concubines.
You mean black people?
And all those like you.
Are you talking about me?
I joined this convent some thirty years ago.  At that time, the world knew some measure of peace.  And hope.  Our order was a beacon of hospitality, to families, to children, to a neighborhood filled with promise.  And, as the years have passed, I have watched that promise destroyed.  Drugs.  Gangs.  Spandex.  And. so I have made this convent an oasis, a retreat from horror. And now that horror has invaded these sacred walls.
What?
It has come to pass.
Your cigarette -- out.
What? 
Miss Van Cartier.
What?
Sit down.
You see?  You see?  I have to get out of here   I have to make a phone call. Don't you get  it?  I'm in a convent! You're a nun!
I see.
Beats me!  What do you think?  Smoking! Heavy petting, without a chaperone. Heavy petting, with the chaperone.  And wearing a black bra, under my uniform.  The demon bra.
The reason?
I was expelled!  When I was fifteen?
You were unhappy?
Parochial school.  Akron.  St. Android's.
St. Anne's?
Oh my God.  This isn't happening, tell me this isn't happening.  It's a nightmare, I'm back at St. Anne's!
Very well.
That's my real name!  Currently I'm a singer.  Sort of.
Enough joking.
Christy.  Christy Van Cartier.
Your name?
Mother Theresa.  Gandhi.  Don't you understand?  This is all a mistake.  I'm the good guy.  I'm the witness.  And I'm being punished!
What is your full name?  Your Christian name?
A convent?  They put me in a convent? What's the problem?  Wasn't there any more room in Hell?
Yeah, like what?
I don't know.  There's only one way to be absolutely sure.
Yeah, Eddie, thanks a whole bunch. Thanks for sticking me in a convent.  So you think, after all this, maybe I really am a nun?
That depends.  Sisters, you don't know this, but Reverend Mother's been making all sorts of noises about resigning. That's bad news.  I don't know if we could sing, if we thought that was true.
Don't you have a concert to go to?
Even nuns have to pee.
What're you doing?
Nuns?
You don't get it!  It's a big thing for them, it's like... Caesar's Palace. Prime-time.  They're singing for the Cardinals.  It's like... "Star Search." If first prize was a trip to the Vatican. They've worked really hard, they deserve this.
They need you?  A bunch of nuns?  For what?  Moral guidance?  Make-up tips?
That's not the point!  They need me!
I think they'd understand.
Eddie -- I've got to go back.  They won't sing without me.  I'm deserting them.
You're gonna be singing for St. Peter if you don't get your ass out of here!
I've got a show -- at St. Matthew's Cathedral.  We're singing for the Cardinals.
What?
I can't go with you.
Long story.  His goons will be here any minute.  We've got to get you out of here '- now!
How?
Vince knows you're here.
I know, I know.  I'll be careful.  I'll try.
Just remember - you're a target.  Don't you think Vince has a T.V.?
I've got to go.
You re sort of... radiant.   your eyes are shining.  You're rea1ly different...
I have?
No.  Most of the time I'm thinking about you.  And now... you've really changed.
You're not... seeing anybody?
Me too.
Well..  thanks.  I've been thinking about you.. - sometimes.  I mean, there aren't a lot of guys around here.  I mean, sometimes I feel like... a nun.
No -- worried about you.  Personally.
You mean -- worried about my testimony?
I've been worried about you.
Really?  Lieutenant?
Yeah.  You look... great.  I mean it..
I am?
Jesus, look at you   You're glowing.
I know that.  This isn't about me.  It's about the choir.  You should hear them. They're good.  Really good.  And I taught them.
Listen to yourself.  This isn't a career opportunity.
I really can't talk about it now.  The place is packed.  SRO.  I've got a show to do.
You're supposed to be hiding out!
It wasn't my fault!  They just showed up.  It's helping the convent.
What if I was Vince?  You'd be dead right now.  What are you doing giving interviews on TV?
Eddie!  You scared the hell out of me!
Go in and talk to her.  It can't hurt.  Go.
So what am I supposed to do in the meantime?
She's counting on it.  She's concerned for your safety, but she wants me to try and find another convent that will take you. Or a carnival.
Does she know people are trying to kill me out there?
You blew it -- big time.  She doesn't want you back.
What'd she say?
Don't call again.  It's not safe.  I'll be in touch.
Do you hear that?  That choir?  Eddie, in here, that's what they call music!
But it's a nightmare!  Mother Superior is out to get me!  She hates my guts! She keeps thinking up new kinds of torture!
I just need a few more weeks,
You son-of-a-bitch!
Keeping our witnesses alive.  We hide them, but there's a leak in the department, and they end up dead.
Like what?
Calm down.  Look, I didn't want to tell you this, but we've had some problems with our protection program lately.
But I'm going insane!  All these people do is pray and work, work and pray!  I don't get it -- when's the weekend? They have gruel, Eddie, that's what they call food!  Gruel -- it's like Alpo for nuns! I sleep in a cell, on a board, and I pray five times a days  Do you know what I pray for, Eddie, do you have any idea? Check your crotch, Eddie --anything fall off yet?  Get me outta her!
Not again.  You can't keep calling. Somebody's going to catch on to where you are.
Eddie, you've got to get me out of here.
Pray. 
I can't stay here!  I'll crack up! Eddie, what am I gonna do?
Everywhere but this little hole-in-the- wall convent.  Nobody knows you're here but me.  We're trying to get a quick court date.  A month, maybe two, tops. I'll spring you as soon as I can.
But Vince has contacts all over the place!  This is San Francisco!  They'll be looking for me!
And one bullet.  That's all it's gonna take.
With nuns?  With rulers?  No way.  I'm gonna go back, work things out with Vince.
It's a convent.  All you have to do is shut up, behave yourself, and get along.
Nuns, Eddie.  There are nuns here. Everywhere.  It's crawling with 'em.
Safest place in the world.  You think Vince would look for you here?
I hate you.  I totally hate you.
I'm gonna put you in the last place on Earth that Vince would ever look for you.
What're you gonna do, put me in a bag and bury me?
No nothing.
Okay -- no limo.
Jesus, what do you think this is -- Wheel of Fortune?  Let me spell it out for you.  You have to hide like you don't even exist.  You have to get so far hidden away that you never see sunlight.
Maybe Hawaii.
Okay, here's what I want.  I know about this stuff.  A five-star hotel.  With room service.
Get a stenographer.
All right!  I get the picture!  I'll do it!  I'll testify!
You'd lose.  You'd die.  All over the sidewalk.  And into the street.
Ten flights?
Then-you run.
And if I don't?
Screw you!
He didn't do you a favor.
I don't know anything about bodies!  I mean, he didn't bring it home.  He was good to me... sometimes.  He was sweet. He took care of me.  Who am I supposed to go out with?  He owns a casino.  He let me sing.
I never said he was an altar boy, okay? But he sent his goons after me!  They tried to kill me!  I'm not kidding!
You couldn't believe it?  Vince the Prince?
Right between the eyes!  Down and out! The guy was gone!  I... I couldn't believe it!
Think again!  And get out of here.
Information, baby.  I thought maybe somebody around here might have a conscience.
When are you gonna get off my case? Have you got a search warrant?  What do you want -- cheap thrills?
A what? When are you qonna wake up?
He's a businessman.
Oh, yeah? Well, how do you think I felt? You were singing in bowling alleys back then.  I told people you were a hooker!
'Cause you're always out, arresting people.  Making trouble.  I don't know why I went out with you in the first place, it was embarrassing!  I couldn't hold my head up, I used to tell people you were a security guard!
So I don't shop.
Yeah, like what?  Quilted coat hangers, that your mother picked out?  Lottery tickets?  A travel iron?
I used to buy.you,..stuff.  On your birthday .  When we were seeing each other.
At least he's not a cop.  At least he can afford a decent gift.
From Vince?  What a guy.  Doo-lang, doo- lang.
But -- wait.
Really.
People throw stones.  They call me names.  I mean, really.
Oh-huh.
Jerusalem is a real drag.  Everybody hates me.
Hail, Mary.
Hey, girls.
I wouldn't even tell the Pope.
You won't even tell us?
Where's who?
Vince is getting desperate.  Where is she, Eddie?  Where'd you stash her?
Jesus.  Data-base hoods.  It's a wonderful world.  Beloved daughter missing.  Reward of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Please find our adored angel, we miss her so.  Dead or alive.
They open a window.
Then one day they find you.
A hiding place.
We could put you into our witness protection program.
I'm telling you!
A nun?
That she's a nun!  That chick you're looking for -- she's a nun!
We didn't tell you what?
But you didn't tell me!
We're the guys from Vegas.  You had Christy last night, but you let her get away.  It's upsetting.
Who are you guys?
I'm sorry -- I don't know what gets into him.
You found him -- but we're not open yet.
We're looking for Mike.
She's a broad!  Got it!  Just some broad!
But, boss -- she's still, you know, a nun.
Where is she?
Joey?
Willy -- hit the lights.
I can't see anything in here!
Which one?
There she is!
Which one!
Get her!
Maybe pants.
I'm telling you, she's not a nun!  Get her out of the nun outfit, and put her in some clothes.
So, take it off.
Right.
You were both supposed to put your guns to her head and shoot.
It didn't work, Vince.
Well?
Yeah...
I can't believe this.  Okay, I want both you guys to go back there, and both of you shoot her at the same time.
It didn't happen.
But, Vince, how do you know she didn't like, join up and become a nun when she was in that convent?
What's the problem?
Not... totally.
It's done?
You know so much.  They've got Christy, and we've got to find her.  Get her 8x10, from in front of the lounge.  Fax it to every contact we got.
It's a bluff, Vince.
He's so damn cocky.  This is different.
Take care of it.
And if she runs?
Maybe. 
Vince -- is she... okay?
She's praying.
What's she doing?
And then we can ice her.  No nun, no evil eye.
A sweater.
For like, twelve zillion eternities?
Strip down a nun?  You want us to fry?
That's what I figured, too.
I figured if you were gonna, then I wouldn't have to.
Neither did you!
You didn't shoot!
No smart-ass remarks or nothing.
She was real quiet and peaceful all the way back in the car.
Forget her!  We got the one we need! Step on it!
She's gettin' away!
Yeah, right -- when I see it.
So that guy in the bar was right?  She's like... some kind of nun?
We can't leave it up to the Feds!
We've got to save her!
That should have tipped us.
Look what she did with the choir.  She made us sing beautifully.
We're losing it.
We sound terrible   We need Mary Clarence.
Dress rehearsal at four, performance at 8:30.  Sharp.
It should be here any minute.
Is it worth it?  A lot of witnesses here.
Are you going to shoot us all, tough guy?
Measles.
However, we can also pray for other things.
Peace on Earth.
All right.  It's a beginning.  Las Vegas, Nevada.
She told us about one.  The Little Sisters of the Moonlight.  In Las Vegas.
But -- why would anyone kidnap a nun?
She shouldn't have come back.  She knew she was in danger.
Really...
Bless her!  There are so many problems in this neighborhood that we could help solve.  That's why many of us became nuns.  It's marvelous, Reverend Mother.
Oh, she's doing just fine, Reverend Mother -
Mary Clarence -- how is your weaving progressing?
I need to see you, at once.  Girls, please excuse Sister Mary Patrick for a few moments.  Mary Clarence?
Yes?
Sister Mary Patrick?
Reverend Mother, on behalf of the sisters, I'd like to welcome Mary Clarence to St. Katherine's.
Yes, Mary Patrick?
Impossible.
Not a note.
Christy.
Mary Clarence -- you're alive!
A Benedictine.
Excuse me -- has anyone seen a nun?
But how do we get there?
The Little Sisters of the Moonlight!
And what a lovely name.  Las Vegas...
It's so beautiful...
She's our inspiration!
Well, I don't care who she is.  We can't sing without her!
She wasn't a nun?
An... entertainer?
Yes -- two men -- and they had guns.
You mean -- they kidnapped her?
We'll pray -- and she'll be there.
We can't sing without her!  What should we do?
It's no use.  She just isn't here.
Mary Clarence!  Sister!
Maybe we can get some of the local kids to sing with us.
Mary Clarence, don't be silly.  You're an example to us all.  You've taught us so much.  We're singing for the Cardinals, and then -- who knows?  Maybe the choir can travel -- to schools, and nursing homes.
Mary Clarence -- you shouldn't have. Where did you get this?
Ice cream!
It's brought people back to the church.
But, Reverend Mother -- everyone loves our new style.
It's better than springtime.
It's better than ice cream.
I'd rather sing than do anything!
He's kind.
He's decent.
He's not like other guys.
That was exciting!
We did it!  We actually sang a chord!
Really, Mary Clarence?  Were you a choirmistress?
Mary Clarence has a background in music. That's what Reverend Mother said.
Which convent was that, Sister?
Is this like your old convent?
Since Mary Clarence came to St. Katherine's, I've been shot at, kidnapped by Mafia hit men, and I've tasted beer. Is that enough experience yet?  For final vows?
Yes?
Reverend Mother?
But where?
Las Vegas -- she's here somewhere.
But... she was a showgirl.  She didn't have an old convent.
She said they were from her old convent.
Calm down.  Think clearly.  Mary Robert, do you have any idea who those men were?
Her whereabouts are unknown, and we must proceed without her.  Pull yourselves together.
I don't understand.  Where is she?
And you'll face that danger head-on.  As if I could stop you.  And you have my complete support in this matter. Anything you can do to revitalize this neighborhood would be a blessing.
But, Bishop, surely you realize -- this is a most dangerous neighborhood.
I know. 
I lied.
St. Katherine's is a Benedictine Order. You have taken a Vow of Hospitality.  To all in need.
But, Bishop...
Your small convent is in danger of closing, Reverend Mother.  The Las Vegas Police Department has offered to make a generous financial donation.
We're a small convent, Bishop.  Surely there are... more appropriate shelters.
And therefore an ideal prospect for rehabilitation.
But she's been exposed to the underside of life.  She is the underside of life.
We can save this young woman's life, and imprison a parasite -- all in one gesture.
Absolutely not.  I am very sorry, but no.
Find 'em!
Where?
Okay, so the problem is still the nun outfit, right?
We both missed.
Are you nuts?  She's not a nun.  It's Christy.  She's a babe!
She's... she's a nun.
She's acting weird, Vince.  Ever since we picked her up.
And who are you to talk?  You were nothing.  You couldn't even sing.  I must have been out of my mind.
I love you, Chris.  I always will.  I gave you so much.  My time.  My affection.  A big-time career.  And how do you repay me?  What's the thanks I get?  Where's the loyalty, huh?  Where's the love?
She's a nun, Vince.
Can you hold?  Can you try?
It's that call you were expecting, Vince.
Soon, you gorgeous thing... tell me... how lonely?
She did.  Bring her back.  Now.  For a talk.
I mean, won't she talk? She seemed kind of upset.
He came to me.  He promised great violence.  Said I should cast you out for my own protection.  I must speak honestly.  There is no reason to think he will not meet with success.
How did you hear this?
Clergyman Steenwyck is calling a meeting.  This time he is determined to have you forced out, or worse.
Sarah has gone missing... my servant girl.  Her things are gone.  Damn it. She has joined the migration out of town.  What about breakfast, woman?  Or, am I to starve to death?
Um... I... I did not... no.  Why?
Well enough.  Your gathering does honor to the deceased.
Hail, Constable.  How are you?
These woods of yours sound a bit crowded, what with all the witches, ghouls and Indians living there.
Must have been the Redman.  A Lenape Indian lives in the Western Woods.
Who took the meat?
Then, name one person who has seen him with their own eyes.
Many have.
Excuse me, gentlemen, but... who has seen this Horseman?
This is not a time for frivolity, Katrina, is it?  Am I mistaken?
If we could speak alone.
I say... if the Horseman is solid enough to take the lives of our people, he's solid enough to feel this...
I hit him square.
You must have missed your mark.
I fired upon the Horseman and the bullet did nothing.
Constable Crane is not the only one who fights with science on his side.
Two days... ?  For murder?
They spend two days in chains.
Never.  A shoe that size I would have remembered.
You are the blacksmith.  Ever shod a horse with a hoof this large?
What the hell are you doing?
Well, unless your name is Baltus, you should not worry over mine.
We haven't heard your name yet, friend.
Excuse me, Miss...  They have a laugh at your expense.
Certainly not.
When this cut was made, this person was already dead.  This is not Lady Van Tassel.
What?
No clotting or gathering of pus.  No healing at all.
What of it?
Stains of blood.
Would you stay, doctor?  I may need assistance.
... help yourself, you pompous ass. I will be in bed.
You will stay at her side?
It has been a terrible jolt to her nerves.
You need rest.
Bring him.
You need to sleep.
Bring Young Masbath here.
He is dead.  You would be also, if your wound had not somehow shut.
... Brom Bones...
Keep still, Constable.  You were half-drowned when they found you.
In time, doctor.  Soon as I finish.
I do not care.  You are welcome to use my work area, but I beg you... return her to her resting place.
The wounds are the same.  Cauterized. No chopping or half-measures either. One stroke took the head.  Have you seen, doctor... ?  Even the spinal bone... sliced as smooth as butter.
A diseased monster.
He is a behemoth.
The Lenape.  He comes to gawk at civilization from time to time.
What are you spying on?
We must be a curious sight to him.
This should have bled by the pint. Yet, no blistering or scorched flesh. How... ?  Whatever weapon was used... it cauterized somehow....
What is that?
No bleeding.
To place it inside its coffin.
Why did you move the body, Doctor?
I was afraid of this.
I say, is there any one person suspect in these acts?
Excuse me?
An honor, gentlemen.  In time I will need every detail of the three murderings you've had, but, for now, I ask only if you have any theory at all as to who the killer might be?
Climb to the top of the tallest ladder you can find, Father.  That is the closest you ever come to God.
You cannot do this.  I am a man of God!
You are so upset now... and yet, you seemed in such good spirits last night.
He may.  But, not soon enough for you, and not on your behalf.
Damn you, sir!  God damn you to hell!
Wallowing quite literally in blood.
They need guidance.
Wallowing in sin and lust...
I am the Lord's voice in this town.
It is only important what you are. An adulterer...
Are you a deist?  Is that it?  A free thinker who does not believe in divinity.
Oh?  Far as I can tell, a rumor does not travel alone for long here.
No.  You will not run me out.  No one will believe a word of what you say.
Only if I repeat them outside this room.  And, I will if I must...  Out there, for all to hear.  Or... you may speak, as planned.  But, you tell them you feel compelled to move on to greener pastures.
Does that look like an animal hanging?
For poaching.  Or, would you remake our laws now that Magistrate Philipse has given up the ghost?
Then, you should have left two days ago, because I have men willing to help me today.
Your superiors are two days away!
Protest to my superiors if you like.
I will not allow it.  I will not!
I cannot proceed without examining the previous victims.
It is sacrilege!
The heads were not found severed. The heads were not found at all.
All I know is three are slain, their heads found severed from their bodies...
Why not tell us what you have heard? Hmm?  How much have your superiors bothered to tell you?
Well... that might be... helpful.
Perhaps, I could assist in finding them?
Master Hardenbrook...
Damn... damn... damn...
A fine idea.
Maybe you should take this.
Of course.  You want them... it shall not take long.  Wait here.
May we look at them now?
Hmm?  See them?
May I see them, Master Hardenbrook?
Yes, sir... but, do you have these?
I have everything... last testaments... birth certificates, death certificates... deeds.
Do you have these persons' wills?
When a goblin leaps from the nether world, others follow.  Poltergeists of the air, water and earth follow and cheer his desecrations!
Just a moment...  Are you saying it is he?
Pardon me?
Taken.  Taken by the Headless Horseman.  Taken back to hell.
Excellent.  Then, you are excused till morning.
I shall, gladly.
Just so.  Granted.  And so you take your experimentations to Sleepy Hollow and catch the murderer who has tainted the place.  Bring him here to face our good justice. Will you do this for me?
Not for lack of trying.
These "methods" of yours... there has been no practical application.
Chosen me?
There is a farming community upstate, Constable... ten days journey north in the Hudson Highlands.  It is named Sleepy Hollow.  Within a fortnight, three persons have been murdered there. Each with their head lopped cleanly off.  The elders of the Hollow have sent dispatches to me, requesting assistance, and now, just this very moment, I have chosen you.
Not Liberalism.  Equanimity.
For one who calls himself a Federalist, your mouth reeks of Republican liberalism.
Even though I have seen confessions pried from the lips of the accused, often quite literally?
Very few, if any.
But, how many innocents rot here? And, how many victims are buried without reprisal while guilty men roam our streets?
And, <u>with</u> disrespect, Constable, if jails and courts overflow, it is testimony to success, not failure.
Without disrespect, look around you.  We overflow.  As do our courts.
Have they nothing to fear presently?
Our first night watch is adequate against fire and some violence, but if we were more often able to ensure justice, after the fact, then criminals would truly have something to fear from law enforcement.
Must we again hear these heretical rantings?
I could determine if he were dead <u>before</u> he went into the Hudson.
He will be burned pursuant to statutes of health.
There are surgical ways of telling how he died... by the water in his lungs...
He drowned.  Anyone could see.
Just a moment... if I may.  It is possible this man was murdered.
It's not something people speak of openly.  She did not remarry.
Is that all you say?  Look at her.
The Widow Windsor.
Van Ripper and his wife agreed to take him.  They have children and a good home and good land.
Tell me something.  What becomes of Young Masbath?
No, sir, no.  If you ask me, I say you just laid eyes on our murderer through that glass.
More than enough, actually.  I beg you, no more, please.
Master Crane, sir.  I'm glad we have time alone.  You've been told plenty about the Horseman, I'm certain.
At times I do.
No, you listen!  You may think we are a pack of superstitious dullards...
Listen to what you say....
I know it.
We are farmers here, not lawyers or bankers, or even constables.  Every penny we earn comes from what we send down the Hudson.
Are you saying I should be frightened? Is this a message passed on from Clergyman Steenwyck?
Not more than a year ago, a mob hung a man for stealing a horse.  For stealing a horse!  And, you dig up our dead.
Well... so much for common sense.
My talisman.  It will, protect against the Horseman if I show a brave face.  But, I cannot run.  If I run in fear, it is worthless.
What is that you wear?
Believe?
... found the body this morning.  You do believe now, don't you?
He would not have gone into the Western Woods.  No sane man would.
Why would he flee this direction, with so much open ground to cross before he reached cover?
And now Jonathan Masbath.
The Van Garretts died first; a man and his son, survived by a wife and two infants.  And the Widow Windsor was next...
The militia?
Well, Constable... are you aware... to be honest, you are not what we expected.  We sent for the militia.
Tired.
How are you?
I doubt that's the end.
What now?
Take the reins.
What can we do?
I know.  Hold on.
Lady Van Tassel...
Climb up!
I cannot.  You should not worry.  Van Ripper and his wife will look after you.  They will.  You will be well cared for.
Take me with you.  There's nothing left for me here.
This is farewell.
You do not know all that has happened.  You cannot understand.
Why... why are you like this?
Nothing.  To hell with this place and all the people here.
Won't you change your mind, sir? What can I say to convince you?
I need time for thinking.  Without you hanging on my coattails for a change.
She's the one who controlled the Horseman, isn't she, sir?  Sir? 
Things have become complicated. Katrina is at the mill.  Ride ahead, find her and bring her to meet me outside the church.  Find her at all costs.  Quickly.
What now?  Where is she?
But, sir... what books?  Where are they?
Fiction plays and novels.  Baltus does not approve.  Now, come.  It may not be long before Lady Van Tassel returns.
What books?
It is nothing.  She comes to read books, so her father will not find her.  It is absolutely nothing.
There are no other doors.  This is as far as she could have gone.
No.  They are all missing.
Something I really wish I had not seen. Never mind it.  Did you find the victims' loan agreements?
What was she doing?
Lady Van Tassel.
I was getting worried.  Who was it?
There are none for Magistrate Philipse either.  "Paasch, James" "Pieter, Thomas" "Pos, William."
There is no Masbath here.  My father's loan papers are missing.
Yes.  I rode with him on payment days.
Did your father take a loan?
Baltus Van Tassel.
Often in such cases, property which has gone intestate legally passes to whomever the deceased was indebted to. And, who in this town is owed a great many debts?
What does it mean?
Intestate.  Your farm... all the farms... they belong to no one.
In test... what?
No one yet, far as I can tell.  It has gone intestate.
But, if the farm is not mine, who stole it away?
Only the heirs were killed.  Proof that the Horseman slaughters by assignment.
Yes.
And it now belongs to you, according to Baltus.  I heard him say it.
My father had farm land.  It was the only thing we owned of any value.
To discover what might have been taken from those who died, it will help to know what was there that could be taken in the first place.
What good is this?
Because, I serve a fine purpose alive. It is perfection for our murderer if I return to New York City with nothing more than tales of a galloping ghoul.  We must uncover the reason these victims were targeted.  What was taken from them... other than their lives? Who benefits by their deaths?
If someone has the Horseman's skull... if they control the Horseman, then why haven't they sent him for your head yet?
Business, best hidden is hidden best at night.
All I saw was their lantern.
Man or woman?
Someone left last night.  Looked like they headed to the square, but I lost them in the forest.
Why this tree?
We should go.
Must be some sort of gateway.  But, why this place... ?
Stay back.
What is it?
Good questions, deserving answers, of which we are in short supply.
Then, who murdered the Old Crone?  And why?
True enough.
Well... I'm one of the few people who likes you.
You grow sharper by the minute, little man.  It boggles my mind, but I begin to prefer your company over all others.
If the Crone's wound bled hard, that means she was not killed by the Hessian.  Someone only tried to make it look that way.
"Let loose his silent shrieking." Who knows, till we work at it?  I admit not being anxious to find out.  "He who holds the Horseman's desire will guide his reaping hand." Whatever the Horseman's desire is, other than extinguishing lives.
What does it mean... climb down to the Horseman's soulless place?
We are far from the Hollow.  Loath to say it... better to get our backs against a tree and stay till morning.
Should we go back?
We should not go much further in this murk.
How could something named "the tree of the dead" fail to draw attention?
Follow the Indian trail to where the sun dies.  To the tree of the dead.  Maybe we passed it by.
What happened?
We are leaving.
No crickets or cicadas calling.  No bird songs.
I hear nothing.
Listen.
What is it?
Witches do not exist.  However...
Father said witches live there.
If the Western Woods are truly the Devil's Glen, we will see for ourselves.
Now, hold the bowl steady.  Back to business.
Thank you.
I have others.  All I need is this.
No, I couldn't...
Yes... I suppose it is.  Keep it.
It's spectacular.
Not for eating, I assure you.  Watch here.
What kind of nuts?
Are you familiar with magnets?
Look again.
The Western Woods.
Out there.  What do you see?
It's payment day.  Loan monies are given to Baltus the last day each month.  Almost everyone borrows... for tools or to hire workers.
What is it?
Up.
Where are we going?
His teeth.  Someone had cut them and chipped off rotten pieces far back in his mouth.  The Lenape could not have done that for himself.  Someone out there cared for him.
How could he?
The Lenape Indian had much to tell once I opened his mouth.
We must discover it.  The reason the murderer chose these persons.
I'm sure I don't know.
What is the common thread between these victims?
I did not ask you to, did I?
Young Masbath, I am sorry for your loss.  It is a great and sad tragedy. However... I cannot be the one to look after you now.
I deserve to help you.  Don't you see how much this means?  My father... he... he was a good man...
I manage fine alone.
Whatever.  You still need a second to tend to your things.
I am not here for revenge.  I am here to bring justice.
We have no choice.
I... I can't do this.
The blades will carry us to the ground. Face front and wait for me.
No.  Get to the crest of the roof and be ready to jump.
Quickly, close it.
Keep climbing.  I will follow...
Ichabod...
His horse.
What was that?
He moves too fast.
The church.
I do not know.  Away.
Where are we going?
Speak the words, Constable.  What is stopping you?  What has happened to your ability to transcend sentimentality?
Katrina...
Call me a liar, then, and a murderess. Say it, out and out.
The name Van Tassel is blackened.  You share that name.
If you think I am behind this, say it.
What would you have me believe?
Yes, I have seen that, and I told you why I hid them.
The loans give the land to your father. It does not matter survivors are still on their farms.  They could be thrown off... tomorrow... a year from now.
I have not been able to face him yet.
What did he say, Katrina?
He did not do these things.  If you knew him, you would realize...
And, what did he say?
When... when you spoke father's name along with accusations, I could not believe it.  I had to hide these... at least till I could confront him myself.
It was you there?
I have been reading your journal. I'm sorry.  I found it too fascinating to resist.  I rode to catch up with you at the Notary, out of curiosity.  Before I found you though, I overheard what you were said.
Come with me.
What is so urgent?
I'm drawing bad blood from the wound.
What... what are you doing... ?
Yes.  I did notice that, thank you.
The skull is gone.
Why is it every grave I open holds a new mystery inside?
He... he tries to take the heads... they will not pass.
My God... what has happened?
Just... keep where you are.
What are you doing?
What did you say?
Blood.
But, I am not alone, am I?  I only wished to see what you were up to, and...  To thank you.
A woman should not be out alone in these woods.
I apologize if I worried you.
Katrina.  Why do you follow?
It is only me.
I... I do not know.  I no longer know what I think or what I feel.
If you want me to go, I will.  Do you want me to leave?
Memories have come back.  I had them forgotten, and wish I could forget them again... but they are here now.  Lord, how I hate this place.
She died.  Her lungs were diseased... two years ago.  What is this about?
What happened to your mother?  Is she still alive?
No, but... why do you ask that?
She is not your birth mother, is she?
What?
Lady Van Tassel... she is your stepmother, isn't she?  She bears so little resemblance.
What has happened?
No, actually, you were not.  Every word you spoke had truth in it.
The things I said to you before... I was wrong to say them.
What troubles you?
Allow me some time.  I have spent every hour in the company of others. I need to be alone.
If it had been surgery on a living person, done to save that person's life, you would not question it.  Not for a moment.  So, let me be the first to tell you, dear girl... on the other side of these sheltering mountains, a whole world has advanced beyond such plebeian thinking as yours.  And someday, no matter how much you fear it, that world will come to roust Sleepy Hollow out of its slumber.
You falter with your answer because you strive without putting the whole of your heart into it.  Can't you see? You'll bring dignity to the dead even if you have to chop them into little pieces to do it.
But, why?  Tell me why.
To avenge his father, and the others.
Take a lesson from Young Masbath's desires, Ichabod Crane.  He follows with you to avenge his father's death. That I understand.  But, what do you want?
I have no solution for its meaning yet, but I could not just ignore it.
What is it then?  Scientific method? How can any of this matter in the slightest?
It was not butchery.
And this gives worth to butchery?
There was no blind stabbing.  This singular thrust found its target omnipotently, as if the Horseman made certain the unborn child died with its mother.
Must I hear this?
The child she carried was eight months grown at least... near to birthing.  The sword had pierced its tiny heart exactly.
What are you on about?
You are not regarding it in full. The Widow Windsor had been run through by a sword.  I followed the bloodless wound, a wound whose path I could not comprehend till I had seen the Horseman with my own eyes.
I have misjudged you I think.  I did not imagine you were so cruel.
No stone may be left unturned.  It may appear harsh...
Why would you do such a thing?
Won't they still have that justice?  Or, was it a vain promise?
They have done nothing of the sort.
People have put their trust in you.
If these are the random stalkings of a monster, what good am I?
You promised justice.
That would be a pity.  Those words might show you something you've never seen before.
Very well.  But, it will only sit gathering dust.
I insist that you have it.
Thank you.  No.  Here...
Then, I also have a gift for you. True magic which even you will not be able to deny.
If you want.  But...
Oh, you are hopeless.  May I keep it at least?
Don't you see why?  Look closely a moment.  Put your intellect aside.  Can't you see what is inexplicable?
Yes, but listen.  The illusion is easily explained.  The eye retains each image, till they combine.  And yet, some would call this toy magic.
You made this, and the drawings?
He only appears to be inside the cage.  The point being...
Yes, he does.  May I try?
Here it is.  A bird on one side. His cage on the other.  Now, stare at it.  The bird seems to be in his cage.
It would be interesting to find out.
I have had them since childhood.  I cannot remember what from.
These scars.  How did you get them?
I, um... I have something to show you, if you have a moment.
You pay great attention to small things.  I hide these as I hide all my books.  Father would not approve, lest it were the Bible.
May I ask... why do you cover your book that way?
You do not disturb me.  Please stay. Having trouble sleeping?
You are funny.
Poets have silly notions about plants and bodily secretions.
Really?  Then... what is your rebuttal to those romantic poets claiming proof of magic in a rose at full bloom, or even in a teardrop?
There is no such thing as magic.
To call a person superstitious is to imply they fear magic, but not all magic is black.
Are you so superstitious?
Not all think it is the Horseman. Many say witches come from the Western Woods to steal skulls for their cauldrons.  Some believe a person in this very town kneels before Lucifer, offering death as tribute.  And, still others believe none of it.
Extra ordinary, yes.  But first, you tell me about the Headless Horseman.
I've read a great deal about your New York City.  Do be a dear and tell me all about it.  Sounds like an extraordinary place to live a life.
Which may explain his temperament. To have asked twice means the answer was "no" at least once.
He has proposed to me twice.
The massive fellow... Brom.  For someone you call "friend," he misplaces a good portion of jealousy.
My suitor?
Perhaps it is because your suitor's hands were recently very nearly wrapped around my throat.
Is it me, or are you this nervous around all women?
It might have been more.  Might have been positively grand talk.
Small talk.
Other people?
Excuse me... I should apologize.  I, um... I... have no great love of...
Well, I intended to apologize for the behavior of my friend Brom Van Brunt, but it seems I've made matters worse.  I'll leave you to your business.
Feel free to form your own opinion.  Though it appears you already have.
You are horribly old-fashioned, aren't you?
Do you often make a habit of sitting on strange men's beds?
Did they tell?  It is something in the air so that dreams come to everyone.  According to the elders, an Indian prophet held powwows here before the land was taken, and spells cast then still linger to this day.
I... I am looking for Baltus Van Tassel.
Forgive me, I didn't know.
Yes... yes.  I think I will...
Let her go!
You cannot kill what is already dead.
What... ?
I know you saw me.
It is fine.  Now, I must...
Look closer.  Do you have anything to clean it with?
It appears well.  It has already clotted.
Very little.  I must be going...
She has taken the last of our grain to be milled.  You do have a background in the medical arts, don't you, Constable?
Where?
No.  She has gone out.
Excuse me, Lady Van Tassel... Katrina is not in her room.
As my husband says, a wife should be always like an echo, and at the same time, quite unlike an echo.  Like an echo, she should speak only when spoken to, and unlike an echo, should never try to have the last word, or, at least that is what he believes.
Do you know... I think those are the first words I have heard from you my entire time here.
Use caution.
Yes, actually.
Returning to the Western Woods?
It is a prime tenet of science, Philipse, that because one thing appears improbable does not mean you embrace the utterly fantastical.
You said yourself.  What mere man could have downed the Belltower?
Yes.  Here...
Van Ripper... do you have a gun?
Turn around.  Now!
What did you say?
Van Ripper, turn the coach about!
I didn't see none.
There was not much blood, was there?
To the best of your recollection, where did the open wound fall?
Here... in front of this oak, facing north.  Horrible...
I can show exactly.
Van Ripper.  Can you show where the body lay?
Close your mouth!  Keep silent.
What... what are you doing?
You want to see into the nether world... I can show you.  Whatever you see, do not move or speak.  I will hold him.
Can you help?
Sit.
The Horseman.  Yes.
I hear him.  He rides to the Hollow and back.
Leave me.  You are not welcome here.
The Lenape who lived in these woods... do you know him?  The Redman?  I should tell you... he has been murdered.
In a way, yes.
You are from the Hollow?
Pardon.  You did not answer when I knocked.  Are we intruding?
This whore will see your mouth shut forever very soon.  But... I am not going to kill you.  Not me...
No one will believe your lies, whore.
Imagine my surprise, finding him on a liason with a common servant.  A girl who had apparently become his secret love.
He saw me thrown... saw the Horseman looming over me as I fled.  Things I wanted him to see.  But, as long as I govern the Horseman, he cannot harm me.  Baltus did not stay enough to see that.  He ran as a coward, unfettered by my fate.
Father saw you die.
He rides tonight.
Am I?  Or, are you and Young Masbath dead along with me?
You... you are alive.
Doctor, he is awake.
Lay still, Ichabod.  Do not move.
She has admitted to her evil and signed a written confession.  Do you know what confession is?  All that is left for you now is to pray for her soul.
No.
She has confessed.
No, sir, please... she is innocent...
She is guilty.
She did not do it... please listen...
You do not want to be here.  Go home to your father.
May I see my mother?
Go home.
Goddamnit, Scooter, come on. Pardon my language, ma'am.
I can go. You don't have to. You don't never go.
Well, yeah it's a classic. You know, Karl, I got to thinkin' about it last night and it's just not Christian of me to not let you have a key. I mean you been in lockup so long, you don't need me keepin' you locked up. You need to come and go as you please. Here, take this key, it'll get you in and out that back door.  Them french fries good?
Yeah, that's a goodun. I believe you did tell me that one before. I've heard that a bunch. Long time ago.
There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas. Old boy from California says, "Boy this water's cold." Old boy from Arkansas says "Yeah, and it's deep too."  Get it? That's a goodun.
I can't remember.
Scooter, did I tell about the two old boys pissin' off the bridge?
Karl, they's a blanket up in under that cot and soap in the bathroom to clean up with.  Now there's one more thing. The way we lock these doors at night, you can't get out. You didn't want to go anywhere, did you?
Wait up, I'll leave with you and lock up.
All right then, I'll see y'all later. Karl you done a good day's work. They right about you. Scooter, he's gonna knock you out of a job if you're not careful. I'll see you tomorrow.
Scooter, let's me and you go over to Dairy Queen and pick up a few things for lunchtime.
Thank ye.
See there. Thinks of the simplest thing first.
Hit ain't got no gas in it.
You done fixed it? I'll be damned. Scooter told me it couldn't be fixed. 'Course Scooter's about as shitless as one poor son-of-a-bitch can be. You done fixed it. I'll just be damned. See you tomorrow.
I fixed it. Hit's a workin' pretty good.
All right then. I'll see you bright and early. How you comin' along on that garden tiller?
That boy wants me to.
Now, Karl, you sure you want to go stay with these folks? You're welcome to keep on stayin here. It's workin' out real good.
I'll let you off while it's still daylight.
All right then.
Well, I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week, so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night.
They give me fifty dollars when they turned me loose. I spent up some of it on ridin' the bus and eatin' french-fried potaters.
You got any money?
Yeah, they's good all right.
If it works out and all, maybe we'll get you a key so you can get out at night if you need to. See you later.
I don't reckon.
Yeah, me too.
I like them french-fried potaters.
We order from Dairy Queen at noontime usually. We can buy your lunch till you get on your feet a little.
I've tinkered around on 'em a little bit.
They say you're a whiz on fixin' lawn mowers and things.
Now it's minimal wage and there ain't nothin' but a army cot and a toilet back there.
Thank ye.
Okay, stop back by. Don't worry about your boy here, he's doin' good.
I'll see you, Bill.
Sure.
Can I see him?
He's gone to stayin' over with that Wheatley boy and his mama in their garage. I think that little boy adopted him damn near like a mascot. But he's got a key here to come and go as he pleases. Everything's worked out good.
Is him stayin' here workin' out?
Well, he's pretty quiet. Except for them rackets and breathin' things he does. Ain't threatened me with a killin' or anything.  But boy you couldn't of been more right about him fixin' things. That son of a bitch is a regular Eli Whitney on a lawnmower. Loves french fries. Eats four larges and don't even so much as belch. I'm proud to have him.
Just thought I'd check on Karl and see if everything's working out.
Doin' pretty good. Got a sick tiller here. What's got you down this way?
How are you, Bill?
How 'bout you, Jerry.
Good to know you, Karl.
Karl, come over here. I want you to meet your new boss.  This is Bill Cox, runs this place. Says you can work here and stay in the back.
Well, I've got a roomful of work for him to do. Can't get Scooter to do any of it.
He won't steal. I'm tellin' you he's a pretty good ol' boy. Keeps to himself.
Fine with me. If he steals anything, I'll take it out of your pocket anyway.
He won't have anything to do with him. Now you say it's all right for him to stay out here in the back?
That old man of his still livin' over there on Clark Street I believe.
Well, I ain't scared of him workin' here. You know me. I'm a church goin' man. Forgivin' man. When your time's up the Lord's gonna come git you. You seared of him, Scooter?
He's a regular whiz at it. That's all he did when he was a kid.
Don't look much like he could. You say he can fix a small engine like nobody's bidness.
I remember it real well. Cut them folks to pieces. His mama one of 'em.
No, don't guess I do.  Scooter, good to meet you.  This is him, the one I talked to you about on the phone. Now like I said, I'll understand if you get nervous about it. I'm not gonna lie to you now, he did get in that trouble but then he was real young.
Aw, pretty good. Kids are drivin' me crazy and Phyliss is gonna put me in the poorhouse. Can't complain other than that. Wouldn't do any good if I did.  Do you know Scooter, Jerry?
Good to see you, Bill. How's everybody doin'?
Hey Jerry, how it's goin'. Good to see you. Been a long time.
Karl's my name.
My name is Frank Wheatley. What's your name?
Okay. You don't have to though.
I'll help you tote 'em if I don't give out first.
About a half a mile I think it is.
How fer you going with them sacks full of warsh?
I got a mama, but she's at work over at Ben's Dollar Store. My daddy's dead.  He got hit by a train.
Ain't you got no mama and daddy to tend to it?
Yeah.
What you got in there, warshing?
These dang things are heavy. Hard to carry, too.
Give me the big'uns.
Sixty for small and seventy-five for large.
How much you want fer 'em? I'll get some of them I reckon.
Yeah.
French-fried potaters.
French fries. I like to eat them pretty good.
What do you like to eat here?
Well, I guess it's all good.
What you got that's good to eat?
Did you decide, sir?
Naw, we don't have biscuits.
You have any biscuits for sale?
Well, what did you want?
I was kindly wantin' somethin' or 'nother d'eat.
Can I help you?
Don't say nothin' about that boy.
Well, it's not too big in here, is it?  I feel very generous today. I feel like listening. I'm sure you have plenty to tell me. And please bore me with the details.  ) Come on Karl, who did you kill? Was it the boy?
It's too big.
I bet you did. I was never bent that way. I'm bent the other way. So, you liked it out there in the world.
They was a boy. We made friends.
... on the third day I washed her. She wasn't very clean. I got all the right spots. She was the first one I ever kept for any length of time, you see I get bored easily, I have a short attention span. I can't say she enjoyed her stay, although the washcloth in her mouth held in place by good duct tape kept any complaints to a minimum. I don't really like people who talk a lot. I like to do the talking. I guess that's why I'm so fond of you. You're so easygoing, although I do sense a little tension in you sometimes. By the way, how was it out there? Did you have any fun? Make any new acquaintances? Tell me what it was like.
Catch you later Freddy!
You know better than that. We're on duty. Catch me in that Camaro next week one night.
We run outta somethin' to drink. Goin' to the county line. You want to race?
I figured that. Well you better be careful with that cripple in the back. You'll throw him out. Looks like you got a wagonful.
Yeah.
Yeah She was a big 'un. You ain't drunk drivin' are you Doyle?
Hey Freddy, what's goin' on boy. I seen your pitcher in the paper for catchin' that big-ass bass.
I'll be back in a little bit then.
Naw, hell, let them stay here with me and do men things. There might be some kind of ball game on we can watch. You go on.
All right, y'all gonna go with me?
Would y'all like that?
Well, that's good. It's about time to eat and you know what I'm cravin'? Some of that take out chicken. Why don't you run get some of it, honey, for lunch?
It went real good.
How'd your baptizin' go?
What are you doin' with that damn hammer?
We'll go to church and get you baptized, tomorrow's Sunday. You go on back to bed.
What do you want, hun?
What in the goddamn hell are you doin'? It's the middle of the night.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
That might be better than this.
You know what I told you, you even think of leavin' me, I'll kill you dead as a doornail.
You're not stayin' here tonight. Go get sober before you come back. I'm tired of my child seein' this. Now you get yourself straight or I'll lock your ass out of my life for good.
You know better than to talk like that when I'm hurtin'. Don't make me knock the piss out of you.
This is not your house, Doyle. This is my house and I'll say who stays and goes. You've got a house, why don't you go get one of your girlfriends and go home to it.
I thought I told everybody to get out of my house. That includes cocksuckers and retards. Get off your asses and go.
But honey, I'll be good. I promise. I love you sweetie. I'm just tryin' to help these two be part of things.
He don't want to Doyle. Don't go Vaughan if you don't want to. You'll wreck Doyle, you're drunk.
Karl, you better clap your hands or he'll just keep on.
Okay ladies and gentlemen  or both. It's come to the time in our show when we like to introduce the band. Over here on lead guitar Mr. Randy Horsefeathers. Come on hit a hot lick, Randy.  Well, come on, y'all are supposed to clap now. Come on! 
Too late, Honey. Fooled you. Done called him. He'll be here.  Or I'll go get him. Come on Karl, I need you to help me ice down a tub of beer, you and Frank.
No Doyle. Vaughan don't want to come to a party with you.
Well, it's on! We're gonna rock. Linda, call Vaughan. Tell him to get over here. I'd like him to be here. I owe him a good time.
You don't have to do anything but pour some potato chips in a bowl and bring beers out when we get low.
Please don't. Not tonight. I'm not up for it. They always stay till mornin'. I'm just give out, Doyle.
Have a damn party! Call Morris and them and get the band together and just party our asses off. I'd like to show that fuckin' Karl to the guys. They'd get a kick out of that. Don't you know they would.
Please Doyle, don't.
You know what we ought to do tonight?
What?
You know what, by God?
He does make some funny noises.
Who could eat with him settin' there makin' that goddamn racket with his throat.
I just feel sorry for the poor thing.
Well, I wouldn't let it get to you.
See, you made him somethin'. Hey Vaughan, I was just goin' on with you, jokin' around, buddy.
Let's go, Vaughan.  Frank, we'll be back in a little while. I'll bring you back somethin'. You're food's in the oven warmin' over.
Frank, why don't you go off and play in your room if Doyle's gonna talk nasty.
Boy, ain't you somethin' else. Talkin' back and everything. It kinda makes me horny when you talk back.
You're not crippled. Get in there and make somethin'.
Ain't that the sweetest thing. What am I supposed to do about supper with you traipsin' around with that fag?
He'll be here in a little while, he's takin' me to get an ice cream.
You sure are hung up on people bein' sweet.  Speakin' of which, where's your girlfriend? I thought he was comin' by here for something.
Yeah, that's right, Frank, you better ask him. I mean, don't hurt his feelin's or anything, but it would be good to know. I'm sure it's nothin'. He seems real sweet.
He had of went nuts and did somethin'. They don't put you in there for just bein' a retard. They's retards all over the place that ain't in the nuthouse. Do you know, Frank?
He's just mentally retarded, I guess.
I ain't sayin' it's right. I'm just tellin' the truth. What was he in the nuthouse for?
Doyle, you're awful. You shouldn't be that way.
Karl can stay if he wants to. Mama said --
Now here's the deal. Now that I'm gonna throw my entire life away doin' what I want to come live here with y'all, we have to get a few things straight. See, Frank, me and you mama wouldn't have any problems if it wadn't for you. We'd never have a bad word between us. But since you do exist, if I'm gonna be here as the head of the household, we'll have to live by my rules. And my rules are you don't speak unless you're spoken to. Stay out of my way and do what a regular kid does. You're a weird little shit. I don't get you. So wake up. Face what they call reality. We're gonna be a family now. And it's my family. I'll be payin' the bills so you got me. But I ain't your daddy. You just treat me like I am. I'm the boss, okay. And the other thing is your friend Karl has to go. We can't have a normal family with him livin' in the garage and comin' in the bedroom at four in the mornin' with hammers and shit. See?
Well, I hate you, too. No I don't. I love your mama. Nobody understands what I go through. I'll leave. You bunch of freaks have fun. I'll call you tomorrow honey. I'm sorry. You can kiss my ass, really.  You ever hit me again you little bastard and I'll make you sorry your daddy ever squirted your little ass out.
I hate you!
Okay, I'll leave and sober up. Everything's botherin' me, that's all. I'm hurtin' Linda. I love you.
That ain't none of your damn bidness. Besides that's the way friends do one another. Fuck it, I'm gonna go call 'em. Honey, find my guitar, I think it's out there in the garage with that loony tune.
Last time you got mad and run Morris and them off and said to stay away from here.
I get nervous, that's all I know.
What have you got to be nervous about? You're a damn kid. You ain't got any bills to pay or bidness to run or old lady to stay on your ass all the time.
Don't talk about daddy. Y'all go on to the garage and let me be.
Stop it, Doyle! Don't talk about daddy, you hear me!
You be quiet, Frank, we're talkin'. The adults are talkin'. Were you in the lockup for cuttin' somebody up with a hatchet?
Stop it, Doyle!
Goddamnit, I'm talkin' to the man. You set right there, Karl.
Come on, Karl, let's go out to the garage.
Yeah, honey, let the kid watch T.V. Hell, let's all watch T.V. like a family till your retarded friend and your homosexual friend gets here.
I want to watch T.V.
You might want to find out. He might of hacked his family to pieces with a hatchet or somethin'.
I ain't sure.
No sir's right. I'm talkin' to your mama. This is your mama's decision, not yours. I'm lettin' it go on because she asked me, not you.  Now is this the kind of retard that drools and rubs shit in his hair and all that, 'cause I have trouble eatin' around that kind of thing. Just like I am about antique furniture and midgets. I can't so much as drink a glass of water around a midget or a piece of antique furniture. Same thing with a droolin' retard.
No sir.
Now son, I wadn't talkin' to you, was I?  Was I?
He's real honest. He wouldn't steal nothin'.
Well, honey, I don't guess I give a shit. I ain't here half the time anyway. If you want a retard livin' in the garage, I don't guess I care. I've got a good tool box and socket set out there I don't want stol'd. I guess I could take it home with me.
I thought I told you to keep out!
I'm a witness. I heard you threaten her life.
That's funny.  You go to bed and take snot nose with you.
Doyle, don't you lay one hand on her.
I'll kill you, you fuckin' faggot! You mind your own business. Now get out! Now, before I get too mad to turn back.
It's not your house, Doyle, it's Linda's.
We don't have a goddamn band! Y'all just shut the fuck up! We don't need no practicin' or managers cause we ain't no fuckin' band! Morris ain't no genius and the rest of you are just losers. Am I the only one sane human bein' around here? Just get the hell out of my house and don't come back!
If y'all don't shut up I'm gonna go out of my mind. And plus you're liable to bust a spring in Karl's head. He's already off balance.
I don't really understand the meaning of the words.
What exactly do you mean by that? I don't understand.
You got that shit right.
Sarcastic right?  You know the boys in the band are probably gonna stay over tonight. We'd be glad to have you.
Oh, yeah, I'm thrilled.
I bet you like sittin' between two men in a dual wheel truck don't you?
Shhhh! This is the national anthem.
Are you sure you can drive? You've really had a lot of alcohol.
Come on, don't be a pussy. Everybody has to work.
I'd better go on home now, it's late. I have to work tomorrow.
You enjoying yourself, Karl?
Sure. It sounded like a number one tune all right.
You like that Vaughan?
That's ridiculous. That's just a total lie.
I heard you was more than friends. I heard Dick Rivers caught y'all all bowed up and goin' at it in the same room with poor, little, old Mizz Ogletree and her dead as a doornail layed out on a gurney.
I know Albert. We're friends.
Hey, Vaughan, you know what I heard? I heard you been puttin' it to Albert Sellers that works over at the funeral home.
Don't rush ever'body, honey.
Sure, I guess.
I aim to kill you with it.
I told you to get away from here, didn't I? I'm tryin' to relax and look at TV.  What are you doin' with that piece of iron? I swear to God you're the weirdest son of a bitch I ever heard of.
What numbers do you punch?
Pick up the fuckin' phone and call 'em, I guess.
How does a feller go about gettin' ahold of the police?
Where's ever'body else? You seen 'em?  I thought I told you to get the hell moved out of here anyway.
You shut up you, fuckin' retard. Get your shit and get out of here.  That was a wake-up slap, Frank. Remember. Reality, like I said. Don't forget any bit of what I said to you and we'll be fine.
Don't hit that boy no more.
Baptized? Well, get baptized then. I don't give a shit. Call a fuckin' preacher, goddamnit! I can't baptize you.
I want to be baptized.
Karl Childers just in from the state facility. Make one of them gruntin' sounds Karl or whatever it is you do.  Oh well, Karl's a little retarded, he don't know what the hell I'm talkin' about. And to Vaughan who fucks a mortician in the rear entrance right in front of his clients. Now that takes balls. Our number one tune for the folks, boys. Kick it off Johnson!
Childers.
On the bass, give it up for Terence "One Ball" Atkins.  On the tambourine and lyrics Morris Hobbs the fuckin' genius of the group.  On drums "The Johnson."  And last and most importantly, Doyle Hargraves on rhythm guitar and business affairs and the only motherfucker with a truck big enough to haul this outfit on the next world fuckin' tour. Come on, a big hand for these guys. They're workin' their asses off here.  Okay I'd like to dedicate this next one to some very special people in our audience tonight. To my lovely female companion Linda, her lovely son Frank, our new boarder Karl - what's your last name Karl?
You're just crazy in a retarded kind of way then.  It wouldn't matter to me if you did do violence on somebody 'cause I ain't afraid of shit. You think I'm afraid for you to stay here. You're just a humped over retard it looks like to me. Not really, I'm just jokin' with you. Welcome to our humble home, buddy. Frank needs all the friends he can get. Frank's a real weak little kid. His daddy taught him how to be a pussy.
I ain't never used no hatchet that I remember.
Well, I can't understand none of it. This one begat this one and that one begat this one and begat and begat and begat and lo somebody sayeth some shit or another. Just how retarded are you?
A good deal of it, I reckon. Can't understand all of it.
You believe in the Bible?
Different ones. The Bible's one of 'em.
What's all them books?
This and that. Toothpaste and whatnot.
What's in your bag?
I'm closing the door now. I told you, I'll see you later.
But maybe just for awhile --
Frank, I just like you as a friend. Only at the secret place. Okay? I can't go there now. I'll see you later.
Can you go there with us now? Me and Karl. We could just hang out. Karl has some cool books.
Here give me the flowers, I'll do something with them. Thank you. Now you better go. Maybe I'll see you down at the secret place one day in a week or two or something. I have a boyfriend now you know. And we're pretty serious. He gave me a ring.
He's gonna be around a lot and I hope you are too, so...
Why? Hi, Karl.
I wanted for you to meet Karl, too. He's my new friend. But I feel like I've always known him. I thought you should meet him.
They're from the Dollar Store. I'm not an idiot. Besides we have a garden full of flowers.
I wanted to bring you some flowers. They're pretty good ones.
Hey Frank. You shouldn't be coming over here. My parents really don't want you to.
Okay.
Ever'thing's okay, boy. I kindly want to put my arm around ye for a minute and then I'm gonna go on and leave here.
Okay. I give you my word. Is ever'thing gonna be okay? Are you all right?
Don't go home tonight and stay with that Doyle. He's got it in for ye tonight. I got me a feelin', too. Feels like to me you ort not be there in that house with him liquored up and mean. Ye mama neither. When you get up from here, I want you to go to that feller's house. Your mama's friend. I want you to give me your word on it.
You know I would. Whatever you want.
Will ye do somethin' for me if I ast you to?
Like something different. I don't know.  You're leavin' ain't you, Karl?
Reckon what kind of a feelin'?
I've got a feelin' today.
Yes sir.
Man. Thanks.  You know when you get a feelin' and you don't know why?
I aim fer you to have 'em.
You don't want to give away all your books.
Maybe you can make more sense out of them than I can. I made you a little old book marker and stuck it in that book on Christmas.
Hit don't make no difference where I was to be. We'll always be friends. There ain't no way to stop that.  I aim for you to have these books.
I care for you, too. But you'll be around, don't say that.
I'm tired, too, Frank.  If I ain't around no more, it don't mean I don't care fer ye. I care for ye a good deal. I care for you more than anybody they is. We made friends right off the bat.
Yeah, I guess so. I'm real tired, you know that. A kid my age shouldn't be tired of things.
That feller's a whole sight meaner than me. He'd just whup the tar out of me.
Karl, I ain't tryin' to say nothin' bad about you, but why don't you stop Doyle when he gets that away? You're older than him. You're strong, too. My daddy wouldn't let him do that to me and Mama.
You're just a boy. You ort not to use that sort of language.
You have to Karl. You have to look out for me. You don't let that son of a bitch run you off.
I'm glad of it you was borned.  I reckon I ain't gonna be there in the garage no more.
Just diggin'.  I ain't ever gonna be happy now. Not with that son of a bitch movin' in for good. I wish me and you and Mama could just run away. But she said he would find us wherever we went. He's crazy. Sometimes I think it would of been better if I wadn't ever born.
I knowed you'd be here.  What are you a-doin' digging with that stob?
Hey, Karl. How'd you know to come out here?
Yes ma'am. I like a fried chicken leg.
Yeah, I guess.
If I ain't too stove up. I ain't like you. I'm old and give out.  I'm proud of ye.
Can we play ever' Saturday?
I wadn't thinkin' about nothin' else just like you told me I'd do.
It was fun, anyhow.
No sir.
It don't matter to me about us losin' does it to you?
You're strong though. You let me make them touchdowns so I'd feel good. My daddy used to do that kind of thing.
Them boys was tryin' to pull me down pretty hard.
I know you could of scored them three touchdowns by yourself instead of throwing 'em over to me.
We're liable to win if we keep this up. For somebody like you, you sure run fast.
I dern near had me a touchdown till them boys got a-hold of me there so I figured I better give it off to you. I seen you over there follerin' me.
Way to go, Karl. We got a touchdown. That was a good lateral, man. That was just like the Wishbone.
Yessir.
We'll be on teams, me and you?
Yeah.
You will? For sure?
I'll play ball with ye. I reckon if neither one of us is no count it won't make no difference.
Is that right?
Bill Cox is goin' to a funeral for a Mister Turner tomorrow and a closin' up shop early.
Make believin' always made me feel good too from time to time.
I feel sad about Karen Cross, too. I just make like to myself she loves me. I know better, though. It just feels good to me when I imagine it.
I don't reckon I know. I ain't found no way yet and I'm three or four times as old as you. Might be that's just the way folks is.
Seems like Doyle's wormed his way back in. Mama said he's stayin' over tonight and he's talkin' about movin' in for good. We ain't ever gonna be happy. We'll always be nervous, won't we Karl?
Readin' on this book on how to work carpentry. I aim to learn how to build things out of wood one of these times. I've always been partial to wood buildin's and cabinets and whatnot. These drawin's they got here don't make no sense to me so far.  You seem like yore tails a'draggin' a might. You got somethin' wrong with ye?
What you readin'?
I reckon.
She said she'd see me later. That's kinda good, right?
Yes sir, I reckon it does.
Bible says the same thing about killin' others, too.
I've studied about it. The Bible says not to or you end up goin' to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.
I didn't mean to say anything bad about you. I know you're good. You didn't mean no harm.  Did you ever think about killin' yourself on purpose like my daddy did?
Hits been hard thinkin' about it. They ain't a day goes by I don't think about it. I kindly have a picture of it up in my head that I see. Hit makes me sad, too. I have bad thoughts on it. I wished they was somethin' I could of did, too. Shouldn't no bad things happen to childern. All the ol' bad things ort to be saved up for folks that's growed up, the way I see it. I shouldn't of told you about that. A boy ort not hear about such things. It just kindly come out.
That makes me feel real sad. Couldn't you have done somethin', Karl? I would have. I wish I would of had him. He'd be here right now. Livin'.
I wadn't but six or eight. I reckon I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how to care for no baby. Mama and Daddy didn't want him. They learned me to do what they told me to. These days I figure it might of been best to give him right back to the Good Lord right off the bat anyhow.
That don't seem right. It seems like you should have kept him alive and took care of him if he was your brother.
I heared it cryin' a little through that box.
It was still alive when you buried it?
I didn't feel right about doin' that. I takened a shoe box from there in the shed and emptied out some screwdrivers and nuts and warshers from it and put the little feller in that and buried him in the corner of the yard there. That seemed more proper to me, I reckon.
You threw it in a trash barrel?
A little ol' boy.
A boy or girl?
Yes sir. Right then it was.
It was alive?
My daddy come to the shed out back and got me and said throw this here away and handed me a towel with somethin' in it. I went for the trash barrel there and opened up the towel to see 'cause they was a noise and somethin' movin' in it. Hit was bloody-like around that towel. Hit was a little ol' bitty baby, no bigger than a squirrel.
So it died when it come out?
Hit was borned a little too early on. My mother and father made hit come too early some way or other. I reckon they changed their mind about havin' another'n. I was about six or eight year old then and they didn't care too much for me so I reckon they didn't need somethin' else to worry 'em with.
Why?
Yeah.
Why not? It died?
I had one there for little bit. Hit didn't get old enough to play with.
'Cause it's fun. It don't matter if you ain't no good. It takes your mind off of everything else while you're doin' it. When you run real fast tryin' to make a touchdown you don't think about anything else. I ain't no good, but my daddy always said he was proud of me when I threw a ball or ran with it. Did you have any brothers and sisters growin' up to play with?
Naw.
And then some people you don't like right off. It's funny.  You know why I want you to play ball with me?
I don't reckon I know.
You don't seem like a daddy. You seem like a brother.  Wonder what makes you like somebody right off when you don't even know 'em like what happened with me and you.
He ain't no count.
I kind of like you tellin' me what to do and not to do. Just like my daddy. I didn't mind him tellin' me. I hate Doyle to tell me what to do. Mama said the only way to ever get away from him is for him to get away from us. That we can't leave him or he'll try and hurt her.
You ort not to pull on yourself that away.
I didn't know till here while back a year or two ago when I spent the night with Ronnie Smart one time. He said just tug on your peter and think about your mama. I tried it, but I felt funny thinkin' about my mama. So, I switched over to thinkin' about his mama and then what he told me would happen, happened. It sure tingles, don't it?
Yes sir. You ort not know that language.
Oh, jackin' off?
Pull on your works. Your privates.
What do you mean?
That's real good. You ort not to if ye ain't married to somebody. Bible tells you that much. Hit tells some things that don't seem right too, I reckon. I guess a feller ort to foller it close as he can, though.  You don't touch yourself, do you?
And I don't try to touch her. You know, in a bad way. Foolin' around, sex and all.
Naw.
Just 'cause I'm not rich don't mean I don't love her.
They ort to. You're a good boy.
I usually get run off by her mama or daddy if they're home. Reckon why they don't like me?
I bet he will. I got a little money if he don't. I'll get 'em for ye.
I ain't got no money to get 'em with but I bet Vaughan will let me have some of them flowers at the store.
If you want me to.
Would you go see her with me? I kind of thought I might take her some flowers like that woman done you.
Yeah, I recollect it.
You know that girl I told you about. The one I love.
All right then.
I was wantin' to ask you somethin'.
Hit was right thoughty of her.
Yeah, me too.  That was nice of that woman to give you them flowers.
Yeah, I reckon they did. Hit like to tore me up when I read about that pore little cripple boy.
Boy, folks sure had it rough back a long time ago, didn't they?
All right then.
I'm gettin' tired of readin' for a while.
Yeah.
You want to go with me?
That's than un on Christmas I was tellin' you about.
It's name's A Christmas Carol.
Naw. You can look at all my books you want to.
I was goin' to the secret place. I borried one of your books to take down there. You ain't mad, are you?
That gal that made employee of the month give 'em to me for awalkin' with her.
Where'd you get them flowers?
Yeah.
Hey Karl, you off work?
I like the way you talk.
I like the way you talk.
I reckon it tastes pretty good to me.
I don't see how you can eat that stuff with all those insides it's made out of.
I reckon if you want me to.  I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.
Will you stay here with us for a long time?
He ort not to talk that away to you neither. He ain't no count. He's mean to you and your mama.  Yore mama and that feller that's carryin' me to get somethin' d'eat's gonna be back here directly.
Well, I hate him.
You ort not to talk that way. You're just a boy.
I'd like to kill that son of a bitch. I hate him.
It's okay if you're lookin' out for yourself. If it's self-defense. Was it self-defense?
I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
Maybe they needed it.
I thought they was.
Were they bad people?
Two people.
Who did you kill?
Yeah, I did.
'Cause he didn't have enough money to take care of us the way he wanted to. That's what the letter said. He got laid off from work and had to just work odd jobs. I thought he took care of us fine.  Karl, did you really kill somebody?
Why did he do that, reckon.
It ain't the truth. He shot hisself with a shotgun on purpose.
Yeah, I remember you a-tellin' me that.
Karl.  You know when I said daddy got hit by a train.
She says it's for the times when he's good to her. She's lonely since daddy died. She said sometimes she don't know why.  He threatened to kill her if she ever left him. My daddy would kill him if he was here and somebody was mean to mama. Vaughan, he's real good to mama. Vaughan that you met. But he's not able to do anything to Doyle, he's funny you know. Not funny ha, ha, funny queer. He likes to go with men instead of women. That makes him not to be able to fight too good. He sure is nice though. He's from St. Louis. People who are queer can get along better in a big town. He got transferred here to work. But mama said the real reason he left is 'cause his daddy hated him. For bein' the way he is. I wish he liked to go with women. I'd rather him be mama's boyfriend than Doyle.
How come her to keep bein' girlfriends and all with him if he's mean to her?
I've had a lot of bad thoughts since my daddy died. Sometimes I wish I was still real little and he was still here. My mama's real good, but I wish I had both of 'em.  When we went to Memphis one time in the car, it was rainin' so hard we couldn't see the road. But I wadn't scared because I thought as long as daddy was drivin' nothin' could happen to us. I feel that way about mama now.  Mama has a boyfriend now. His name is Doyle Hargraves. He works construction so he makes a pretty good livin'. He still don't help mama out with any money though. He ain't no good. He's mean to her. He don't like me at all. Mama says it's because he's jealous I belong to my daddy instead of him. He stays with us all night sometimes, but he's got his own house. Somebody told me it's so he can still have other girlfriends. I like it on the nights when he ain't at our house. I'm not so nervous then.
You don't need to know all of that. You're just a boy. You need to think about good thoughts while you're still a boy. They'll be plenty of time for the other.
How did your mama die?
He never did want to. I figure he ain't changed his mind much.
How do you know?
My mother's dead. My daddy's s'posed to be around still. He don't want to have nothin' to do with me though.
They still around, your folks?
Naw. Didn't have too much. Enough to scrape by on, I reckon.
This is what I call my secret place 'cause I come out here when I feel like bein' by myself. I used to come here with Karen Cross. She's kind of like my girlfriend, or used to be. She says she likes Jerry Maroney now. But I'm gonna get her back 'cause I love her. We used to come here and hold hands and talk and read books to each other with a flashlight. She didn't want to have anything to do with me in front of other people 'cause I don't have any money. Well, mama and me, I mean. She seemed to like me a whole lot when we were out here though. She said she loved me, too. Out here. Settin' right on that stump you're on. See, her daddy's a dentist so they're rich. So's Jerry Maroney's daddy. He owns the ice plant. Was your folks well off?
They sell some of everything. Come on let's go. I won't tell her about you bein' in the state hospital for killin'.
I was kindly needin' to do some tradin'. Reckon they sell toothpaste?
Aw, come on. You'll like her. She's real nice. She'll give us somethin' if we ask her to. Candy or somethin'.
I don't want to worry your mama with company.
Wait a minute. You want to go with me? You can meet my mama.
All right then.
Well, anyhow, I was just fixin' to go see my mama down at Ben's Dollar Store. She's workin' two till eight.
I ain't no good at it. I just come by.
Did you want to play ball with us?
You told me to come by.
Yeah. What you doin' by here?
Yeah it is. Your name's Frank.
Hey there. I thought I heard somebody on the porch. Wasn't your name Karl?
Me and the Burnett twins and some boys plays down at the junior high practice field all the time. If you ever want to come by and play. We ain't no good either. Well, I'll see you later.
I never was much count at it. I never did get picked out fer it.
Do you like to play football?
You don't seem like you'd kill nobody.
I reckon I feel all right.
Are you well?
They told me I was well. They had to turn me loose.
How come?
Yeah.
They let you out?
I killed some folks quite awhile back. They said I wadn't right in the head and they put me in there in the nervous hospital instead of puttin' me in jail.
Why'd you live there?
I did live there in the state hospital.
Don't you live somewhere?
Ain't got nowhere to set 'em down.
How come you're carryin' them around with you.
Different ones. One's the Bible. One of 'ems a book on Christmas. One of 'ems how to be a carpenter.
What are all them books?
Childers.
What's you last name?
We've had a real hard life, too, Mama.
I know honey. Just remember what I said, we'll bide our time. You just steer clear of him as much as you can. Doyle's had a real hard life. It's just about run him crazy I think.
He's lyin' Mama. He ain't gonna do better.
Well, at least he's tryin'. But who knows for how long.
I love you, too, Mama.
I promise we're gonna get away from him. The time has to be right, that's all. I'd rather him get tired of me and leave me. Then he wouldn't want to hurt me. He wouldn't care then. We'll be fine. I promise. You go to bed now.  I love you.
Doyle wouldn't really kill you, would he?
Yeah, honey, someday everything's gonna be all right.
Is everything gonna be all right someday? I just stay nervous all the time just about.
Huh?
Mama?
I know he does.
I bet he don't. Karl likes me.
I guess. He went to the garage. Poor thing, he's probably never seen such a crazy mess. He probably wants to go back and live in Mr. Cox's shop.
Did Karl go to bed?
Yeah, he has to go to work in a little while. I do too.
Did Vaughan go home?
What are you doin' up again, Frank? You need to get a little sleep.
No, honey, we don't.  I'll make some coffee and start cleanin' up this mess. Karl, you want some coffee, huh?
We don't need to think bad thoughts, do we Mama?
I'm fine, honey. Let's just try and forget about tonight.
You all right, Mama?
He ain't ever okay to me.
He's no more an Indian than I am though. Anyhow, Doyle's gonna try and tease you and be mean to you to show off to his friends. Just like he does to Frank and me sometimes. You just ignore it. Or stay out here away from 'em if he'll let you. He's an okay guy till he gets drunk but tonight he'll get drunk. I guarantee it.
They ain't even no good. The only one can play is Randy Horsefeathers. He claims he's an Indian. His real name's Randy Collins and he works at the feed mill. He can at least play guitar.
Karl, now listen, there's gonna be a party tonight here at the house. Doyle's invited his music-playin' buddies over to make a bunch of racket out on the patio.
I'm glad of it, honey.
I sure like the way he talks. It sounds like a race car motor idlin'. It makes me not be nervous.
I don't know. He just said he'd eat out there.
How come Karl won't eat here with us?
Naw, I don't want to. Me and Karl got things we need to do.
Maybe you and Karl want to go with us?
Frank told me about your situation. And Frank loves company. You know, especially after his daddy passed and all. There ain't no sense in you stayin' in that old greasy shop.  He's mentally retarded, poor thing.
Hey Karl, guess what. Mama said you can stay with us. Out in the garage. Our car won't fit in there anyway. It's real neat.
Nice to meet you, Karl.
Oh, that's Karl. I met him at the laundrymat. Karl, this is my mama. And Vaughan, Vaughan's the manager. He lets mama off any time she feels like it 'cause they're best friends.
Hey, sweetheart. What you up to?
Hey, Mama. Hey, Vaughan.
Me, too.
Flowers is pretty. I've always thought that.
Yeah.
A blister shore can hurt.
I ain't really thought about it too much I don't reckon.
These is the worst shoes I own for walkin'. How far did you want to go?
I reckon.
You walk fast, don't you?
I stay on my feet all the time at work. I just can't find shoes that's comfortable.
I like walkin' quite a bit from time to time.
Well, when you like pricing items as much as I do, I guess it's just bound to happen sooner or later.
Yes ma'am, I reckon.
I told you, I ain't got no boy, now get on out from here and let me be.
That grass out in the yard's all growed up. I figured I might cut it fer ye.
They turned me aloose from the nervous hospital. Said I was well.
I ain't got no boy.
I'm ye oldest boy name Karl.
I ain't got no boy.
I'm ye boy.
I knew you'd do all right. Well, I just wanted to check on you. I'll say bye to Bill and get on back.
That boy, he's my friend. He likes the way I talk and I like the way he talks.
I'll be.
I told 'em about it. They know I'm well. That Mizz Wheatley made me some biscuits.
Yeah.
My history.
Do they know about you?
Yes sir.
Are you sure you're okay staying with that woman and boy?
Well, I guess we better hit the road.
Yes sir.
Didn't you go to sleep at all, Karl? You been sittin' there like that all night?
Yes sir.
Karl, you up?
He's a-carryin' me to look fer work in Millsburg where I was borned.
She's talkin' about me, Karl. That's my first name.
I reckon I can just walk around till the mornin'. Or set and read me a book somewhere.
No, I mean your past. About why you were in here.  I'll take you first thing in the mornin'. You have anyplace you can stay tonight at all? I just can't let you stay here. It's the rules. If something happened well, I'd be liable.
I never was no good with history.
I can't promise he'll hire you. I'll have to tell him about your history.
I reckon.
I know, I've seen it myself. Would you give that a try?
I'm pretty handy I reckon on lawn mowers and whatnot.
Listen, Karl, the truth is I don't know where they expect you to go or what they expect you to do. If it was up to me, I'd let you stay here if that's what you wanted. I'm just doin' my job.  You follow me?  Listen, I know an old boy that runs a fix-it shop deal down in Millsburg. He used to go to church with me. You're good workin' on small engines and things. If I put my neck out for you with him, will you work at it if he'll hire you?
Naw. Never did know too much of nobody. Not to he'p me out anyway.
Your daddy's still livin' down there from what you told me.  I guess he wouldn't help you any, would he? I wasn't thinking. You don't know anybody?
Naw.
Well, you have to learn. It'll take some time. Don't you know anybody down there to help you out?
I reckon I don't care nothin' about bein' a free man. I don't know how to go about it.
Well, you can't do that. You're a free man. You've been let out to do as you please.
I want to come back and stay here.
Karl, what in the world are you doing here?
All right then.
You better go get 'em.
I ain't got nothing but them books.
You better go get your things.
I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to them lookin' at me, too.
Yes, I guess you are.
I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to looking at pretty people.
Thank ye.  I'm just getting around to tellin' you, but I fixed your warshin' machine.
We sure like havin' you.
You've been real good to me, too. It ain't ever'body that'd make biscuits in the middle of the night. You and that boy has give me a good feelin'.
Well thank you, hun. That's real good of you to say. I wouldn't know what to do without him either.
You're a good mama to that boy. You care for him. You work hard fer him to take care of him. You light him up in his eyes, I've seen it. He wouldn't know what to do without ye.
Yeah.
Ma'am?
All right then. Well, I'll see you later. If you see Frank, tell him to come on back home. I don't get to see him all day except Sundays. He can play tomorrow.
He wanted to go off and play, I reckon.  You go in there and you and that Doyle eat ye dinner. You don't have to worry yourself none.
Where'd he go? What's goin' on?
Frank, he went off, too. He ain't gonna be in there when you get indoors.
Well, okay. I got you some.
No ma'am. I'm a'goin' off sommers.
Where are you goin', Karl? Didn't you want some chicken and things?
I could shore use some. Thank ye.
You're a hell of a boy, Frank. Someday you're gonna get all the good things you deserve. And Karl here's gonna get some more biscuits tonight. What do you think about that?
All right then.
Karl, why don't you and Melinda go take a walk. It's nice out.
I believe you. I really do.
Yes ma'am.  I like your garage.  I wouldn't never hurt you or your boy. I'd lay my hand on the Bible and say the same thing.
Was that you? I remember that. I was only three or four, but I always heard about it growin' up.  They say you're well?
I killed my mother and a old boy name Jesse Dixon. I thought they was a-doin' wrong. I was about your boy's age. They say I'm well now from it.
That's okay. It's not really my business. I have wondered though. Why was it? Was it like a nervous breakdown?
Hit ain't right for me to keep from tellin' you how come me to be put in the state hospital.
I like Frank. He's a good boy. Me and him's made friends.
Vaughan's "friend" will be there, too. He works at the funeral home. And Frank. You know Frank likes you a lot. He says you make him feel calm.
I wouldn't mind a havin' supper.
It's all right.  You know I was thinkin' there's this girl that works with me. She's real heavy, but she's cute in the face. Well, you know, she's slow. She's a little bit, I think. She's not retarded, just -- it don't matter, listen to me. I thought you might like to meet her. Vaughan wants to have a little supper over at his house and we could invite her. Would you like that?
Thank ye.
Okay.
Mustard's good on 'em to me.
Well, set down and I'll make some biscuits and gravy.
Yes ma'am.
Well, it is nearly breakfast time anyway. I can't go to sleep. I have to be at work in three hours. You know how it is when you just sleep an hour or two, you feel worse than if you hadn't slept at all?
Just whenever you take a notion to. I don't aim to put you out.
Right now?
Do you reckon you can make me some biscuits?
I'll be dog.
Two fellers was on a bridge a takin' a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water. One of 'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
No ma'am.
Want to sit down? Did you need somethin'?
I didn't aim to.
You scared me.
Karl, this is my boyfriend, Doyle. Frank, why don't you and Karl go out in the garage and fix him up a place or play a game or somethin'. Vaughan, you ready to go?
Tolerable, I reckon.
Hey, Vaughan. How are you, Karl?
I don't reckon you have to go with women to be a daddy to a boy.  You've been real square dealin' with me. The Bible says two men ort not lay together. But I'll bet you the Good Lord wouldn't send nobody like you to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.  That boy lives inside of his own heart. Hits an awful big place. You take care of that boy.
What about you, Karl? Do you want to stay here?
Naw, not yet.  I want ye to give this to Mizz Wheatley. Hit ain't much, but maybe there's a little somethin' to hep out. Hits what I've earned fixin' lawnmowers and whatnot fer Bill Cox.
Well, sure, okay. He hasn't hurt them, has he?
That dern Doyle is in a bad way again with that drinkin' and bein' mean to folks. Will you give me your word you'll do it?
What's wrong? Is everything okay?
This evenin' I want you to go get Mizz Wheatley and that Frank and have them stay with you tonight.
Okay.
I ain't a-stayin'. I need to ast you fer a favor.
Karl, what are you doing here? Come in.
I ain't read 'em yet except two or three of 'em. I can't understand a lot of what I try to read. My mind, hit wonders off to somethin' else when I try to read.
I think Karl is going to be a writer or a librarian eventually. You should see all the books he has. He must read constantly.
Before that I was thinkin' it'd be good if I could get another three or four cans of that potted meat if you got any extry.
Oh. How about before that?
I was thinkin' I could use me another helpin' of these potaters.
That's what I thought. I hope I haven't offended you in any way. You seem like a thinker. You seem to always be in deep thought. Tell me something. What are you thinking right now?
I wouldn't never hurt them.
Anyway, it's hard to live gay, that's the right way to say it, in a small town like this. I've wanted to leave many times, but my love for Linda and Frank and another certain person that we won't go into have kept me from it. Anyway, I'm rambling. If you're going to live in the Wheatly garage you need to know that it won't be easy. Doyle is a monster. Not just a closed minded redneck, but a monster. A dangerous person. I've told Linda that one day that man is going to really hurt her or that boy. Maybe even kill one of them. I see it in his eyes. I'm very in tune, maybe even psychic. Doyle will make your life hell. You're a perfect target. When I first saw you I was afraid of you. Not really afraid, I guess, just taken aback. But also, I felt a real sensitive feeling from you. And for some reason, Frank has adopted you. Much like a stray animal. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. In a good way. Anyway, I just want you to know what you're in for. I have a good feeling about you. You're good for Frank. Maybe it's that he can have an adult friend on a child's level. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way.  There's one more thing. It's none of my business why you were in the state hospital. Everyone has something in their past, maybe you tried suicide, maybe you did something -- terrible. But what I see before me is a gentle, simple man. All I want you to promise me is that you're capable of being around Linda and Frank. You know. You would never hurt them under any circumstances, would you?
I've heard it said that way.
Well that's a very offensive way to put it. You shouldn't say that. You were taught that, weren't you?
Not funny, ha, ha, funny queer.
Homosexual. I like men. Sexually.
I reckon not.
Okay, Karl, the reason I brought you here was to talk to you about something that is on my mind.  I guess I'll put it right out on the table. Where do I start. Linda and Frank are very important to me. They're like family. My own family was never like family. They're horrible people. As a matter of fact I prayed every night for years that my father would die. I finally realized through a lot of therapy that I was wasting my energy on hating him. Now I just don't care.  You see, you and I are a lot alike, strange as that may seem. I mean not physically or even mentally really, just well, maybe emotionally or actually the hand we've been dealt in life. We're different. People see us as being different anyway. You're -- well you have your affliction or whatever and I, well mine's not as easy to see. I'm just going to say it. I'm gay.  Does that surprise you?  That I'm gay. You know what being gay is, don't you?
Okay, I'll come by Mr. Cox's and get you at noon.
I reckon I can stand to eat a little somethin' or 'nother at noontime tomorrow. Bill Cox generally gets me a box of french fried potaters. But I reckon he can lay off doin' it tomorrow.
I mean tomorrow or the next day.
I done et just a little bit ago.
Listen, before you get very used to staying here, I think you and I need to talk about a few things. Can I take you to lunch?
Quite a spell, I reckon.
How long have you been standing here?
Naw, I ain't.
Did you knock on the door yet?
That boy wants me to.
So, you're really going to stay here?
Yes sir.
Not really to speak of.
Do you have family here?
I reckon Mr. Woolridge got me hired on to work for Bill Cox's outfit.
Is that right?  Are you going to be staying here long?
They turned me loose from the state hospital.
Why are you here now?
What's that you say?
What brings you back?
I's horned and raised here up till I's twelve year old.
It's been here seventeen years. Did you live here before or something?
Naw, I don't believe you have. I don't reckon I never been in here. This store didn't used to be here.
I don't think I've ever seen you before.
That's very sweet of you Vaughan. We care about you, too. Don't we y'all?
Listen everybody, I know this may sound corny, I've had a few glasses of wine and that kind of makes me a little emotional, but I'm going to say it anyway. It just came over me in a rush. I want you all to know that I care about each and every one of you at this table.
I'm sorry.
Vaughan, don't get pushy.
Karl, maybe you and Melinda might want to take a walk or something after dinner. It's a nice night.
Hey Karl, you know what? Melinda was voted employee of the month at the Dollar Store last February. Isn't that somethin'?
Good. I haven't decided yet if I'm a good cook.
Karl is a guy guy?
I don't think he sees you as a guy guy.
What about me?
He's retarded's all. You know he's always after a father figure and Lord knows Doyle ain't a good one with his mean ass.
He's been in the state hospital a long time, something must be wrong with him.
Frank's just crazy about him. He likes the way he talks. He helped him carry home the clean laundry.
Are you sure it's safe to let him around that guy?
I know.
He just got out of the state hospital.
Can I help you, sir?
Frank, don't talk that way. Who's that strange lookin' man behind you? Did he follow you in here?
Why won't he talk to women?
I thought you'd be happy to leave.
No, we have to get this story.
Let's just go, Marsha.
Yeah.
Do you smell shit?
Hey, you're the one that wanted to major in journalism. Anyhow, wasn't the guy something like twelve or thirteen when he did it, it was twenty-five years ago, he probably doesn't even remember it.
In a few minutes we're gonna be in a room with a killer. That doesn't bother you?
I don't know why you're so weirded out, this is not San Quentin, it's just a nuthouse. Most of these people don't even know where they are, they're not gonna hurt you.
As much as anybody else is, I guess. Y'all have a good rest of the day now.
Will he be supervised?
Wherever he wants to. I think he's going back to Millsburg where he's from. It's just about twenty miles from here.
Where will he go?
I hope the best for you, Miss Dwiggins, with your school and your paper and all.
I didn't mean that.
We've got some paperwork to take care of. Pretty soon. Don't worry, you won't run into him in the parking lot.
Is he leaving right this minute?
Homicidal signs. Oh, we're gonna change the light in here for Karl. I hope you can see to write.
Signs?
He's free. His time's up. That's the rules. He's been treated and reevaluated. He doesn't show any signs any more.
Can I ask you a question? If he's so troubled, why are you letting him out? What if he does it again? It happens all the time.
It's the best you're gonna get. I'm sorry.
How am I going to conduct an interview if I can't ask him any questions?
But, here's the thing. He'll only talk to you. He doesn't want you to ask him anything. And you shouldn't stare at him.
One of his Daddy's Bible lessons I imagine. Y'all pull up a chair. I'll go out and talk to him.
That's really strange. What does it mean?
I don't think so. Just period, I think. She told him... God gave them the ugliest creation he could think of. Karl has an entire book -- a notebook. On every page it says "Franklin Chapter 1 Verse number 1." He wrote that a few years ago after he'd learned to write. His father's name was Franklin.
Before they were married?
His mother told him that he was their punishment. Hers and his father's; from God, for having sex--
I knew he slept in a toolshed.
You see, Karl, growing up, only knew that sex was wrong and that people who did it should be killed for it. He couldn't really read but, well, neither could his mother. But, his father made sure that his mother knew what the Bible said. And she made sure Karl knew. You know he slept in a hole in the ground under a toolshed, right?
Melvin, go get Karl and take him down to the old classroom.
Can't you talk to him? Maybe talk him into it. I'm a real good interviewer. Just get me in the room with him.
Well, what do we do? We drove all the way out here.
I don't know what to tell you. I'm sorry. I made myself pretty clear I thought. He probably got busy and wasn't thinking. I know how that is. I used to teach shop and eighth grade science.
The other thing is I told your boss on the phone to send a man. Karl won't talk to women.
No thank you.
Karl's real sensitive about having his picture made. He wouldn't even be on the bulletin board for the Easter Collage.  Melvin, would you get me a good hot cup with two sugar substitutes? You girls want some coffee?
Well, yeah, it's for the school newspaper. But it has pictures. I mean it's a regular paper, you know.
I think there must have been a little mix up. I told your sponsor or teacher or whatever he is, there couldn't be any pictures. It's s'posed to be just a little story or article or something, isn't that right?
Yes sir.
Y'all have a seat. Is this all of you?
Nice to meet you. I'm Marsha Dwiggins and this is Theresa Evans. She's here to take the pictures.
My name's Jerry Woolridge.
I think everybody at the store knows that already. They always talk about it. Maureen Ledbetter told a awful story about why you ain't allowed over at the First Baptist Church no more.
Yes.
You mean about y'all bein' together in "that" way?
Well, a lot of people in town talk and spread cruel rumors. Unfortunately, I have to keep certain parts of my life private.
Why?
Also, Melinda, please don't tell anybody at the store that Albert was here tonight, okay.
No wonder it's such a screwed-up place.
I once read somewhere that one quarter of all the people in the United States have at least one relative who has lived in Brooklyn at one time or another.
Like me, too.
Actually, I'm his father.
And what are you, his chaperone?
Three's a crowd. Yes, I'm aware of that. But I have to keep an eye on Mr. Benjamin wherever he goes. To make sure he doesn't get himself into trouble.
Ah-hah, I see. A cozy dinner. But aren't threesomes a little awkward? How does the phrase go--
I wouldn't actually call it a party. It's more along the lines of a dinner in celebration of my birthday.  The guest list is quite restricted. So far, there's Mr. Benjamin and myself. If you accept, that would make three of us.
And how many people will be attending this birthday party?
It's my birthday.
And what's the occasion of this celebration?
An invitation?
Good. Then may I have the honor of extending an invitation to you?
No! At least I don't think I am!
Perhaps I should rephrase the question. What I mean to say is, are you married or seriously involved with a significant other?
What!
Wonderful. When your next book is published, maybe you could come into the store and do a signing. I'm sure we could get a lot of people to show up.
It's coming along. At the rate he's going, he'll have a story finished by the end of the summer.
Forty-one pages.
Okay. I'll read it tonight and call you tomorrow.  It doesn't seem to be too long.
Uh ... actually, it might be better if you read the story first. Call me when you're finished, okay?
I get off for lunch in ten minutes. Can I treat you to a hamburger?
Good. I hope you like it. It was a long time in coming.
I'd love to.
I finished my story. I thought you might want to take a look at it.
Almost done. A week or ten days, and I'll be there.
Yeah, well, I've sort of been out of commission.  How's Melville?
It's been a while. I thought maybe you'd be in touch.
I'll tell you all about it...  ... but not here.
What happened?
It looks worse than it is. I'm okay.
Jesus, what happened to you?
Which explains why this hasn't been the easiest summer of my life.
Not an easy book.
That's the subject of my last chapter.
Melville, huh?  It's been a while.
Of course I fool around. But not so much when it comes to my work, it's true.  Have you ever read Pierre, or the Ambiguities?
Wow. You don't fool around, do you?
Visions of Utopia in Nineteenth-Century American Fiction.
What else. Of course, what else? And what are you writing about for your thesis?
American literature. What else?
Your dissertation? What subject do you study?
It's just a summer job. Something to help pay the bills while I finish my dissertation.
And the bookstore? Have you been working there long?
Just like me.
Muncie, Indiana. He and my mother met as students. But I'm from Brooklyn. My sisters and I were all born and bred right here.
And your father? Is he from New York?
Until she was twelve. She moved here in 'forty-nine.
So your mother grew up in Shanghai?
I keep waiting for the next novel to come out. Anything in the works?
I confess.
I thought I recognized you. You're Paul Benjamin the writer, aren't you?
Better make it charge. 
Will that be cash or charge?
Thanks. I knew you'd understand.
Uh, sure, Sol. Anything you say. Instead of saying, "One corned beef sandwich," and then, "Another corned beef sandwich," I'll say, "Two corned beef sandwiches."
It's simpler, that's what. It makes things go faster.
What's the difference?
Next time, when you want two corned beef sandwiches, say, "Two corned beef sandwiches." When you want two ginger ales, say, "Two ginger ales."
What's that, Sol?
Do me a favor, will you?
For me?  I'll have the same thing. 
What about for you?
Huh?
And what about for you?
Uh...  My friend over here would like a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale.
What'll it be, Auggie?
Exactly. Life just wouldn't be worth living, would it?
Shit. If you can't share your secrets with your friends, what kind of friend are you?
I mean, it's a good story.
What do you mean?
Yes, I suppose I do.
And now you've got your Christmas story, don't you?
I wouldn't say that. But at least you've put the camera to good use.
Anything for art, eh, Paul?
You made her happy. And the camera was stolen anyway. It's not as if the person you took it from really owned it.
I lied to her, and then I stole from her. I don't see how you can call that a good deed.
It was a good deed, Auggie. It was a nice thing you did for her.
I guess so. I never thought of it that way.
Which means that she spent her last Christmas with you.
Yeah, probably.
She probably died.
Once, about three or four months later. I felt so bad about stealing the camera, I hadn't even used it yet. I finally made up my mind to return it, but Granny Ethel wasn't there anymore. Someone else had moved into the apartment, and he couldn't tell me where she was.
Did you ever go back to see her?
Okay.  So this is the story of how it happened.  Okay.  It was the summer of 'seventy-six, back when I first started working for Vinnie. The summer of the bicentennial.  A kid came in one morning and started stealing things from the store. He's standing by the rack of paperbacks near the front window stuffing skin magazines under his shirt. It was crowded around the counter just then, so I didn't see him at first....
Every word.
Okay.  You remember how you once asked me how I started taking pictures? Well, this is the story of how I got my first camera. As a matter of fact, it's the only camera I've ever had. Are you following me so far?
I'm all ears.
Ready. Any time you are.
So. Are we ready?
You got it.
I have to pee.  If the waiter comes, order me a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale, okay?
Take over the register while I'm gone, okay, Jimmy? 
It doesn't have to be true. It just has to be good.
Good? Of course. Are you kidding?  I'll tell you what. Buy me lunch, my friend, and I'll tell you the best Christmas story you ever heard. How's that? And I guarantee every word of it is true.
Anything good?
Christmas stories? Sure, I know a ton of 'em.
Yeah, great. The problem is, I have four days to come up with something, and I don't have a single idea.  You know anything about Christmas stories?
That's a feather in your cap, man. The paper of record.
Fine.  Or it was until a couple of days ago. A guy from The New York Times called and asked me to write a Christmas story. They want to publish it on Christmas Day.
Ah-hah.
Yeah, I know, but I'm trying to cut down.  Somebody's worried about my health.
You usually get two.
Uh, better make it one.
Two, right?
Hi, Auggie.
Hey, man, how's it going?
We'd better be. I haven't spent a night out of Brooklyn in fourteen years, and I'm not about to break my record now. Besides, I've got to be on my corner at eight sharp tomorrow morning.
It's not a long drive. An hour, an hour and a half. We'll be back in time for dinner.
It's Tommy's. The sucker owed me a favor.
Nice machine, Auggie. Where'd you find it?
Nothing much. He said his socks and underpants were dirty, and would we mind driving up with his things.  Fucking kids, huh? They take you for granted every time.
So what did he say when he called?
Or didn't.  There's no way of knowing, is there?
That could be a good sign, though. It could mean that he got away.
I spoke to his aunt a couple of days ago, but she hasn't heard from him either. It's beginning to get a little scary.
Not a peep.
You haven't heard from Rashid, have you?
For once in my life I managed to keep my mouth shut. There's something to be said for that, I suppose.
Fuckus my assus. They did some number on you.
No. The ... uh ... the Bobbsey Twins lit out when they heard the sirens. But at least they stopped playing that marimba duet on my skull.  Assaultus interruptus.
Cops? You mean they nabbed those cruds?
It could have been worse. If the cops hadn't come, I might not be standing here now.
Fuck you, kid.
It's written all over you like a neon sign. Now say something nice to Rashid to make him feel better.
You're right. I just wasn't sure you knew.
No, he's not. You are.
He's crazy.
Don't be an ass, Auggie. He's trying to make it up to you, can't you see that?
If he's got something to tell me, why don't he tell it to me himself?
He's got something to tell you, Auggie.
Yeah, well, I'm sorry too.  It took me three years to save up those five thousand bucks, and now I'm broke. I can't hardly pay for this beer. Not to speak of having my credibility destroyed. Do you understand what I'm saying? My credibility. So yeah, I'm sorry, too. About as sorry as I've ever been in my whole fucking life.
The kid's sorry, Auggie.
Hey, kid. You interested in a job? I just got word from your employment agency that you're looking for a position in retail sales.
I'm thinking about the kid. I'm sure he'd do a good job for you.
Help? Hmm. It's possible. What did you have in mind?
Hey, Auggie, I've just been thinking. You wouldn't need some help around the store, would you? Some summer help while Vinnie's gone?
How old, kid?
It's his birthday so we decided to whoop it up a little.
So, what brings you to a dive like this?
This is April Lee, Auggie. April, say hello to Auggie Wren.
Hey, man, good to see you.
It's Ellen. Look at her. Look at my sweet darling.
Yeah. There she is. She's in quite a few from that year. She must have been on her way to work.
Yeah, that's what I'd recommend. You know how it is. Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow, time creeps on its petty pace.
Slow down, huh?
They're all the same, but each one is different from every other one. You've got your bright mornings and your dark mornings. You've got your summer light and your autumn light. You've got your weekdays and your weekends. You've got your people in overcoats and galoshes, and you've got your people in shorts and T-shirts. Sometimes the same people, sometimes different ones. And sometimes the different ones become the same, and the same ones disappear. The earth revolves around the sun, and every day the light from the sun hits the earth at a different angle.
But they're all the same.
I mean, you're going too fast. You're hardly even looking at the pictures.
What do you mean?
You'll never get it if you don't slow down, my friend.
It's kind of overwhelming.
I don't know, it just came to me. It's my corner, after all. It's just one little part of the world, but things happen there, too, just like everywhere else. It's a record of my little spot.
Amazing.  I'm not sure I get it, though. I mean, how did you ever come up with the idea to do this ... this project?
It's my project. What you'd call my life's work.
I've never seen anything like it.
That's right. More than four thousand pictures of the same place. The corner of 3rd Street and Seventh Avenue at eight o'clock in the morning. Four thousand straight days in all kinds of weather.  That's why I can never take a vacation. I've got to be in my spot every morning. Every morning in the same spot at the same time.
They're all the same.
It can be arranged. Seeing as how I've read your books. I don't see why I shouldn't share my pictures with you.  It would be an honor.
I'd like to see your pictures some day.
Well, let's not exaggerate. I take pictures. You line up what you want in the viewfinder and click the shutter. No need to mess around with all that artisto crap.
A photographer ...
Taking pictures?  It's a long story. I'd need two or three drinks to get through that one.
How'd you get started?
That's what people see, but that ain't necessarily what I am.
So you're not just some guy who pushes coins across a counter.
I guess you could call it a hobby. It doesn't take me more than about five minutes a day to do it, but I do it every day. Rain or shine, sleet or snow. Sort of like the postman.  Sometimes it feels like my hobby is my real job, and my job is just a way to support my hobby.
I didn't know you took pictures.
It's mine all right. I've owned that little sucker for a long time.
It's yours?
Yeah, I did.
Looks like someone forgot a camera.
No problem. It's not as though I'm rushing off to the opera or anything.
Do you think I could buy some before you leave?
You run out of Schimmelpennincks?
Are you closed?
I wouldn't think of it.  See you around, fellas.
Seven eighty-five out of twenty.  Take care of yourself now, and don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Not Elizabeth the Second, Elizabeth the First.  Did you ever hear of Sir Walter Raleigh?
The Queen of England?
Definitely.  I suppose it all goes back to Queen Elizabeth.
The boys and I were just having a philosophical discussion about women and cigars. Some interesting connections there, don't you think?
Two tins of Schimmelpennincks. And throw in a lighter while you're at it.
Hey, man. Good to see you. What'll it be today?
Hey, Auggie. How's it going?
Anything, Auggie. Just name it.
There's just one thing I want to know.
I'm sorry, baby. I can't help it.
Fuck this angel shit. Just take the dough, Ruby. But no bawling, okay? I can't stand people who blubber.
I can't believe it. Oh God, I can't believe it.  You're an angel, Auggie. An angel from heaven.
For keeps.
For keeps?
It's all yours, baby.
And you're giving it to me?
Five thousand bucks.
Jesus God, Auggie. There's money in here.
Why don't you open it and find out?
What's this?
No, bully for you.
Bully for you.
Remember that business venture I was telling you about? Well, my tugboat came in. I'm flush.
Are you calling me a liar? I'm telling you I'm broke. I don't even have insurance on my goddamned car.
No you're not.
I'd never be able to talk her into it. And even if I could, those things cost money. And that's just what I don't have. I'm flat out dead broke.
Not if you got her into one of those rehab programs.
Dream on, Auggie. She'll be lucky to make it to her nineteenth birthday.
She's just a kid. There's time for more babies later. After she grows up.
Yeah? And what else am I supposed to do? There's no baby anymore, and if she wants to throw away her life, that's her business.
Still, you can't just write her off.
I don't have much choice, do I? It's pretty clear she doesn't want me around.
So you're just going to give up and go home?
You told me you wanted to meet him. Well,here he is.
Jesus Christ. This is all I need.
When I told her I was going to bring her father, she kind of melted. It's the first time Felicity's talked nice to me since she left home. She's dying to meet you, Auggie.
Cut it out. Just cut it out, okay? It's starting to get on my nerves.
She looks just like you.
And what's that supposed to mean?
Wait till you see her, Auggie.
Look, I'm not saying you don't have a daughter. It's just that she's not my daughter.
That I wasn't bullshitting you, sweetheart. At least you'll know I've been telling the truth.
Yeah, like what?
Relax, okay? You don't have to do anything. Just go in there and pretend. It won't kill you to do a little favor like that. Besides, you might even learn something.
I think you'd better stop the car and let me out.
It was the only way, Auggie. Otherwise, she wasn't going to let me see her.
You what?
I told her she was going to meet her father.
Dammit, Auggie, don't ask so many questions. Just get in the car.
Where to?
Just get in and shut up. I'm not asking you to do anything. I just need you to come with me.
You don't give up, do you?
Get in, Auggie. I've got something to show you.
I know you think I'm lying to you, but I'm not. Every word I told you is the God's honest truth.
You're a cold-hearted bastard, aren't you? How'd you ever get so mean, Auggie?
Nice try, old girl. I'd like to help you out. You know, for old time's sake. But all my spare cash is tied up in a business venture, and I haven't collected my profits yet. Too bad. You caught me at the wrong time.
I thought I could handle it. I didn't want to bug you. I thought I could handle it on my own, but I couldn't. She's in real bad, Auggie.
Fifteen years ago?  It won't wash, pumpkin. No mother waits fifteen years to tell a man he's a father. I wasn't born yesterday, you know.
Who the hell knows?  He dropped out of sight fifteen years ago.
Good old Frank. And how is fat Mr. Grease Monkey these days?
Then why do you think I married Frank? I was already pregnant, and I didn't have much time. Say what you like, but at least he gave my kid a name.
You're conning me, sweetheart. I ain't responsible for no baby.
And that's how Felicity came into the picture. During one of those two seconds.
A couple of moments, I'll grant you that. A second or two snatched from the jaws of eternity.
It fizzled, baby. That's the way it goes. But we had our times, didn't we? It wasn't all bad.
You weren't so lukewarm yourself. At least at first.
It was over with Bill before you ever came home. Maybe you don't remember it now, but you were pretty hot to see me back then.
Yeah, well, I lost my pen. By the time I got a new one, I was clean out of paper.
You didn't write to me for more than a year. What was I supposed to think?
That's what you told me when I shoplifted that necklace for you. You remember, baby, don't you? The judge gave me a choice: either go to the can or enlist. So, instead of going to college, I wind up in the navy for four years, I watch men lose their arms and legs, I nearly get my head blown off, and you, sweet Ruby McNutt, you run off and marry that asshole, Bill.
Why would I lie to you, Auggie? You think it was easy to come here and walk into this place? Why would I do it if I didn't have to?
You've suckered me before, darling, remember? Why should I believe you now?
I don't know who else to turn to, Auggie.
I know what it means. That still don't make it a good name.
It means "happiness."
Stop it, already. Just stop all this crap right now.  Was that your idea to call her Felicity?
Her name is Felicity, and she just turned eighteen.  She ran away from Pittsburgh last year, and now she's living in some shit-hole here in Brooklyn with a guy named Chico. Strung out on crack, four months pregnant.  I can't bear to think about that baby. Our grandchild, Auggie. Just think of it. Our grandchild.
Our daughter? Is that what you said? Our daughter? I mean, you might have a daughter, but I sure as hell don't. And even if I did -- which I don't -- she wouldn't be our daughter.
Don't rush me, okay? You're jumping to conclusions before I've even said anything.  And besides, it's not for me.  It's for our daughter.
Help, huh? And I don't suppose this help has anything to do with money, does it?
Like what you're doing. I'm not going to eat you up.  I need your help, and if you keep staring at me like that. I might start screaming.
Like what?
Don't look at me like that. Auggie. It gives me the creeps.
All right, sugar, what's on your mind?
You heard her, pipsqueak. The lady and I have private business to discuss. Go outside and stand in front of the door. If anyone tries to come in, tell 'em we're closed. You got that?
This is private, Auggie. Just between you and I.
Talk away, lady of my dreams. I'm all ears.
I've got something to talk to you about, and the least you can do is listen. You owe me that much. I drove all the way from Pittsburgh to see you, and I'm not going until you've heard me out.
At least I've stayed true to myself. Which is more than I can say about some people.
You always were a son-of-a-bitch, weren't you? A little weasel with a quick, dirty mouth.
And you think it looks better to go around dressed up like Captain Hook?
I don't want to talk about it.  If you really want to know. I lost it. And I'm not sorry I did. That eye was cursed, Auggie, and it never gave me nothing but grief.
No I'm not. I look like shit. And so do you, Ruby. You look just awful.  What's with the patch, anyway? What'd you do with that old blue marble -- hock it for a bottle of gin?
You're looking good, Auggie.
Is that all? I thought it was about three hundred.
Eighteen and a half years.
Christ, Ruby, it's been so long. I figured you were dead.
Okay, my man. Love to the wife and kids, et cetera, et cetera. Drop me a postcard if you can remember the address.
I've got to get moving. Terry will bust my chops if I'm late. See you in September, Auggie.
They come in, they go out. I've got it planned to the last detail.
Suit yourself. But don't keep the boxes around here long.
It's the law that's buying. That's what's so beautiful about it. I mean, when was the last time you heard of a judge sending himself to jail?
No thanks. I don't care what you do, but just make sure you don't get caught, okay? The last I heard, it was still illegal to sell Cuban cigars in this country.
It's all set. My guy in Miami said he'd have them within the next few weeks.  Are you sure you don't want to go in with me? Five thousand dollars outlay, a guaranteed ten-thousand-dollar return. A consortium of Court Street lawyers and judges. They're just drooling to get their lips around some genuine Cuban cigars.
Speaking of which, are you still going ahead with that deal on the Montecristos?
Tobacco today, sex tomorrow. In three or four years, it'll probably be against the law to smile at strangers.
They catch you smoking tobacco, they'll stand you up against a wall and shoot you.
Enjoy it while you can, Vin. Pretty soon, they're going to legislate us out of business anyway.
I should stop smoking these damn things is what I should do. The fuckers are going to kill me one day.
I try not to, anyway. It's better for your health. I mean, look at you, Vincent. You're the guy with the wife and three kids and the ranch house on Long Island. You're the guy with the white shoes and the white Caddy and the white shag carpet. But you've had two heart attacks, and I'm still waiting for my first.
You don't take anything seriously, do you?
She made a play for me after I got back, but her glass eye kept interfering with my concentration. Every time we got into a clinch, I'd start thinking about that hole in her head, that empty socket with the glass eye in it. An eye that couldn't see, an eye that couldn't shed any tears. The minute I started thinking about it, Mr. Johnson would get all soft and small. And I can't see getting married if Mr. Johnson isn't going to be in tiptop shape.
Lovely.
She upped and married some other cat after I joined the navy. By the time I got my discharge, though, she was divorced. Her husband poked out her eye in a domestic quarrel.
Sounds like another one of your stories to me.
Ruby McNutt. My one true love.
Yeah, I know. To that girl who moved to Pittsburgh.
I almost got married once.
Shit. You should have been married to someone by now. You know, settled down somewhere with a kid or two, a nice steady job.
I don't know.  Maybe because I love you so much, boss.
It's pretty crazy, don't you think? I mean, a smart guy like you. What do you want to hang on to a dead-end job like this for?
I don't know. Thirteen, fourteen years. Something like that.
How long you been working for me, Auggie?
No problem, Vinnie. Everything's under control.  I could run this store in my sleep.
Okay. I think everything's set.  You've got the number for Cape Cod, right? Just in case something goes wrong.
What difference does it make?
Come on, come on, you yellow belly. The whole thing. First name and last name.
You're a dumb, whacked-out little fuck, do you know that?
To look at the dirty magazines. I can see all the naked women I want, and it doesn't cost me a cent.
Your job? You've got five thousand bucks. What do you want a piece-of-shit job like that for?
So I can get my job back.
And why the hell would you give me money?
What do you care where it comes from? It's yours.
Shit. I don't want your money, you little twerp.  It's probably stolen anyway.
No, it's five thousand dollars.
What is this, some kind of joke?
Open it.
For me? And what am I supposed to do with a paper bag?
It's for you.
This way, gentlemen. Let's retire to my office, shall we?
A little. Not much.
Sure thing. See you later.
I'll be back in about an hour. Watch the register while I'm gone, okay?
Ten o'clock tomorrow morning. I'll be there.
Come around to the cigar store tomorrow morning at ten o'clock and we'll talk about it, okay? We'll see what we can work out.
A job?  I definitely wouldn't turn down a job.
Good. Keep it up, and maybe one day you'll grow up and become a great man like me. 
Definitely. I'd say you've hit the nail on the head.
Seventeen? I remember when I was seventeen. Christ, I was one little whacked-out son-of-a-bitch when I was seventeen. Is that what you are, son? One little whacked-out crazy fella?
Seventeen.
I thought maybe he was pretending.
Of course it hurts. What does it look like?
Does it hurt?
Jesus, man, you're one fucking mess.
Sure, Auggie. I follow. When you don't know nothing, it's like paradise. I know what that is. It's after you're dead and you go up to heaven and sit with the angels.
... If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't. Do you understand what I'm saying? You never know what's going to happen next, and the moment you think you know, that's the moment you don't know a goddamn thing. That's what we call a paradox. Are you following me?
Okay, Auggie, I got it. You don't have to yell.
When I tell you it's open. It's open when I tell you it's open!
Sure, Auggie, I got it.  The store's closed.  And when do I tell them it's open?
I just do what you tell me, Auggie. You tell me to sweep, so I sweep.
That's how it is with sidewalks. People come, people go, and they all drop shit on the ground. As soon as you clean up one spot and move on to the next, the first spot is dirty again.
Huh?
It'll never be finished.
Good, Auggie. Real good.  All finished.
How'd you do out there, Jimmy?
Damned if I know. But it has a nice ring to it, don't it?
What does that mean?
Any time. And congratulations to you and your wife. Just remember, though, in the immortal words of Rudyard Kipling: "A woman is just a woman, but a cigar is a smoke.
Thanks for the tip.
It'll keep them fresh. If they get too dry, they'll break. And you don't want that to happen, do you?  Tobacco is a plant, and it needs the same loving care you'd give an orchid.
The refrigerator?
A good choice. You wouldn't want to celebrate the birth of your firstborn with a box of stinkers, would you? Remember to keep them in the refrigerator until you hand them out.
I think I'll take them. 
Forty-four. They're on special this week from the Canary Islands. A real bargain.
And these?
Fifty-six.  That girl had on a corset.
And these?
Seventy-eight dollars. The girl who rolled these was probably wearing panties.
And how much are these?
They don't come cheap, son. These little honeys are works of art. Rolled by hand in a tropical climate, most likely by an eighteen year old girl in a thin cotton dress with no underwear on. Little beads of sweat forming in her naked cleavage. The smooth, delicate fingers nimbly turning out one masterpiece after another...
Henry told Cyrus he'd kill him if he ever showed his face around our house again. When Henry makes a threat like that, people tend to take him seriously.
And he's never tried to get in touch with his son?
No, I don't suppose it has. He was broken up like nobody's business in that hospital when he found out Louisa was dead.
It can't have been easy on him. Walking around with that on his conscience all these years.
Jesus had nothing to do with it. If He'd been involved. He would have seen to it that things worked out the opposite from what they did.
Jesus.
Don't put words in my mouth. What I'm saying is she drove off in Cyrus's car and went to the Five-Spot Lounge with him for a drink. What I'm saying is that he imbibed too much in the way of alcohol and that when they finished their little talk three hours later and got back in the car, he was in no shape to drive. But he drove the car anyway, and before he could get her back to where she lived, the damn fool ran a red light and went straight into a truck. Louisa got thrown through the windshield and was killed. Cyrus lived, but he came out of it a cripple. His left arm was so mangled, the doctors had to cut it off. Small punishment for what he did, if you ask me.
You mean she just ran off with him and left her little boy behind?
His father walked out on his mother a couple of months after he was born. Louisa was Henry's younger sister, and she and the baby moved in with us. Four or five years go by, and then one day Cyrus shows up out of the blue, tail between his legs, wanting to patch things up with Louisa. I thought Henry was going to tear Cyrus apart when he saw him walk through the door. They're both big men, those two, and if they ever started to tangle, you'd see some teeth jumping on the floor. I guarantee it ... So Cyrus persuaded Louisa to go out with him to talk things over in quiet. And the poor girl never came back.
Those are pretty hostile words.
And nothing. Thomas looked at me straight in the eye and said, "I don't have a father. As far as I'm concerned, that son-of-a-bitch is dead."
And?
I figured he had a right to know.
And you told your nephew about it?
Well, one thing I suppose, but I don't think it has anything to do with this.  A friend of mine called about two weeks ago and said she'd spotted Thomas's father working at some gas station outside of Peekskill.
Has anything happened lately? Anything unusual or unexpected?
No thank you.
Do you want something to drink? A beer? A glass of water?
He's in trouble, all right. But I don't have any idea what it is.
I was about to get run over by a car, and your nephew pulled me back. He saved my life.  I sensed he was in trouble, so I offered to put him up for a few days. Maybe I should have pressed him a little more, I don't know. I feel pretty stupid about it now.
Which brings me back to my original question. What was he doing here in the first place?
I shouldn't have let him go.
His mother's dead, and he hasn't seen his father in twelve years.
And his parents?
He goes to John Jay High School in Brooklyn.
He doesn't go to the Trinity School?
I always knew that boy had an imagination, but now he's gone and made up a whole new life for himself.  Do you mind if I sit down?  He's been living with me and his uncle Henry since he was a baby. And we don't live in Manhattan. We live in Boerum Hill. In the projects.
That's what he said. He told me he lived with his mother and father on East Seventy-fourth Street.
His parents? Is that what he told you? His parents?
As far as I know, he went back to his parents.
I just want to know where he is.
Look, lady, that's enough. If you don't calm down. I'm going to throw you out. Do you hear me? Right now!
And what was he doing here in the first place? That's what I want to know. What's a man like you messing around with a black boy like Thomas for? Are you some kind of pervert, or what?
Well, whatever his name is, he's not here anymore. He left two days ago, and I haven't heard from him since.
Rashid? Rashid! Is that what he told you his name was?
You mean Rashid?
Thomas Cole. Thomas Jefferson Cole. My nephew.
I'm telling you. I don't know anyone named Thomas.
Don't give me any of that. I know he's been here. You can't fool me, mister.
Thomas? Who's Thomas?
I'm looking for my nephew,  Thomas.
The damn lock's broken again.  And so you just barge in on strangers, is that what you do? Is that your game?
What do you mean, how'd I get in? I pushed the door and walked in. What do you think?
How the hell did you get into the building?
I just want to know what your game is, mister, that's all.
What can I do for you?
Is your name Paul Benjamin?
You shut your mouth! You shut your mouth now!
Louisa Vail. Remember her, Cyrus?
I don't like this. I don't like it one bit.
Are you making fun of me? I won't be mocked. Do you hear me? I won't let no punk kid stand there and mock me!
Thomas Cole. My name is Thomas Jefferson Cole.
Thomas.
Paul. Rashid. Thomas. Which one is it?
Thomas.
That's how we met. We're members of the International Same Name Club. Believe it or not, there are 846 Paul Benjamins in America. But only two in the New York metropolitan area. That's how Paul and I got to be such good friends. We're the only ones who show up at the meetings.
Yeah, but he's my son. Nothing strange about that. He's my own flesh and blood. But here you got the same name as this man here, and you're not even the same color.
Well, you and Junior have the same name, too, don't you?
That's funny. His name is the same as yours.
Say hi to Paul.
Hi there, little brother.
And this one, in case you haven't guessed, is Junior.
It's only temporary. On a freelance basis.
That boy's one in a million. A real tiger.
You named the kid after yourself, huh?
I don't know. I try. Every day I keep on trying, but it's no easy task for a man to change his nature.  I'm off the booze, though. Haven't had a drop in six years. And now I've got me a wife. Doreen. Best damned woman I've ever known.  And a little boy, too. Cyrus Junior.  So things have definitely improved since I got fitted with this hook. If I can just turn this goddamn garage around, I'll be in pretty good shape.
And have you mended them?
An ugly piece of hardware, isn't it?  I'll tell you what happened to my arm.  I'll tell you what happened.  Twelve years ago, God looked down on me and said, "Cyrus, you're a bad, stupid, selfish man. First of all, I'm going to fill your body with spirits, and then I'm going to put you behind the wheel of a car, and then I'm going to make you crash that car and kill the woman who loves you. But you, Cyrus, I'm going to let you live, because living is a lot worse than death. And just so you don't forget what you did to that poor girl, I'm going to rip off your arm and replace it with a hook. If I wanted to, I could rip off both your arms and both your legs, but I'm going to be merciful and just take off your left arm. Every time you look at your hook, I want you to remember what a bad, stupid, selfish man you are. Let that be a lesson to you, Cyrus, a warning to mend your ways."
I don't mean to be nosy, but I was wondering what happened to your arm.
Paul. Paul Benjamin.
The name is Cyrus Cole.
Five dollars an hour?  I'll take it.
I'm afraid we'll be working on a strictly freelance basis.
You know, health insurance, dental plan, paid vacation. It's not fun being exploited. Workers have to stand up for their rights.
Benefits?
Is there a benefits package, or are you hiring me on a freelance basis?
Five bucks an hour. That's the going rate, isn't it?  It's a quarter past two now. My wife's picking me up at five-thirty, so that'll give you about three hours. If you can't finish today, you can do the rest tomorrow.
What's your offer?
I'll tell you what. You want to work. I'll give you a job. Nothing permanent, mind you, but that upstairs room over there  -- the one above the office -- is a hell of a mess. It looks like they've been throwing junk in there for twenty years, and it's time it got cleaned up.
Yeah, well, do your thinking somewhere else, Michelangelo. I got work to do.
It was just a thought.
Not a one. Not one customer all day. I bought this broken-down shit-hole of a place three weeks ago, and if business don't pick up soon, I'm going straight down the skids. What do I want to be hiring someone for? I can't even pay my own wages.
Not a one.
Do you have eyes in your head, or are those brown things bulging out of your sockets just marbles? You've been sitting here all day, and how many cars have you seen drive up and ask for gas?
I just tell it like it is, mister.  If I'm getting on your nerves, though, you might want to think about hiring me.
Son-of-a-bitch. You're some piece of work, aren't you?
Once you look at it, you're going to want to buy it from me. That's guaranteed. And that's the price: five bucks. So if you're not willing to spring for it, you might as well not bother to look. It'll just tear you up inside and make you miserable.
Five bucks! You mean you're going to charge me five bucks just to look at it?
It'll cost you five bucks.
It's rundown, all right. But drawing a picture won't improve the way it looks.  Let's see what you did, Rembrandt.
I'm working on a sketch. That old garage of yours is so rundown, it's kind of interesting.
Just passing through. A lonesome traveler with a knapsack on his back plops himself across from my garage to admire the view. There's other places to roam, kid, that's all I'm saying. You don't want to make a nuisance of yourself.
Just passing through.
I don't know what you look like, boy. As far as I can tell, you sprouted up like a mushroom in this spot last night.  You live in this town -- or on your way from here to there?
I'm not going to rob you, mister.  Do I look like a thief?
Let me give you some useful information, son. There's two dollars and fifty-seven cents in that cash register over there  and considering all the time you've put in casing the joint so far, you won't make but about fifty cents an hour for all your pains. However you slice it, that's a losing proposition.
It's a free country, isn't it? As long as I'm not trespassing on your property. I can stay here till kingdom come.
Why don't you pick some other spot? It gives a man the creeps to be stared at all morning.
I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
You going to sit here all day?
An abortion, stupid.  I had an abortion the day before yesterday. So you don't have to bug me about that shit anymore.  Bye-bye, baby!
What are you talking about?
Yeah, well, there ain't no baby in there now. You dig? There's nothing in there now.
Your baby. The baby you're carrying around inside you.
Baby? And what baby is that?
You can do whatever you want with your own life. We're thinking of the baby, that's all. We want you to get yourself cleaned up for the baby. Before it's too late.
Help? What the fuck do I need your help for? I've got a man, don't I? That's more than you can say for yourself, Hawkeye.
Be nice, sweetie. We're just here to help you.
I don't got no daddy, you dig? I got born last week when some dog fucked you up the ass.
I don't know. Hello, Mom. Hello, Dad. Something like that.
What do you want me to say?
Aren't you going to say anything?
Well what?
Well?
It's me, honey. It's Mom.
Yeah? Who is it?
I don't know, Tommy. You think anyone gives a rat's ass about Kuwait? I read something about the head sheik over there. He marries a different virgin every Friday and then divorces her on Monday. You think we want to have our kids dying for a guy like that?
Of course there's gonna be a war. You think they'd send five hundred thousand troops over there just to lie in the sun? I mean, there's plenty of beach, but not a hell of a lot of water. Half a million soldiers. It ain't no seaside holiday, you can bet on that.
I used to smoke Raleigh cigarettes. They came with a free gift coupon in every pack.
Sure. He's the guy who threw his cloak down over the puddle.
They didn't have to do a thing, that's all I'm saying. The team was good, the best fucking team in baseball. But then they had to screw it up.  They traded their birthright for a mess of porridge.  A mess of porridge.
Jesus, Tommy, it ain't science, you know. You got your good trades and your bad trades. That's how it works.
Okay, joke about it. I don't give a shit.
Management. Those guys are walking around with their heads up their asses.
Yeah? And why is that?
I'll tell you why they're not going anywhere.
Twelve-eleven.  Twelve-twelve.  Twelve-twelve.
So what's the time?
Tick-tock, tick-tock.
You still have that watch Auggie gave you?
Huh?
Hey, Jimmy. You got the time?
Now ask him who his mother was.
Like it or not, Cyrus, that's my name. Cole. Just like yours.
I was going to tell him ... but in my own time. In my own time... .
If it doesn't make any difference, why not just say it?
It's all right. I really do know them.
We came here to deliver some clean laundry.
Research. I worked the scene right into my story.  That makes the medical bills one hundred percent tax deductible.
Wow. They sure did a job on you.
Hi, kid.
Good. I'm glad that's settled!
Fuck you, too, you white son-of-a-bitch.
Don't worry about it. You've got friends now, remember? Just behave yourself, and everything will work out.
I pay Auggie, and I've got nothing. Eight hundred bucks and a ticket to Shit City.
You'll do it, all right. You fuck up, you've got to undo the damage. That's how it works, buster. If you don't do it, I'm going to throw you out of here. Do you understand me? If you don't pay Auggie what you owe him. I'm finished with you.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm serious, all right. You've got to square it with Auggie. Since you won't give the money back to the Creeper, you can use it to make things right with Auggie. That's probably better anyway. Better to keep your friends than to worry about your enemies.
What are you talking about?  You can't be serious.
Here's what you're going to do. You're going to open up your backpack, take out your bag of money, count out five thousand dollars, and hand it over to Auggie.
He was out five thousand bucks, he said.... He kept saying it over and over.... Five thousand bucks down the drain.... He wouldn't stop.... Five thousand bucks, five thousand bucks.... He was like out of his mind with those five thousand bucks....
No wonder he was angry.
I suppose so. He never told me about it.
Cuban cigars. You mean he had some hanky-panky going with those guys?
The water was dripping, see... I turned it off, but it was still dripping, and then Auggie had to go out, and so I left the back room ... And later on ... well, later on ... when Auggie came back ... the whole place was flooded. His Cuban cigars got all messed up ... You know, soaked through ... just when he was about to sell them ... to these rich guys in suits....
If you don't tell me what happened, how do you expect me to know that? I need facts, not opinions.
It wasn't my fault.
Well?
It was more complicated than that. There was a reason.
So you lost the job. Is that what you're telling me? He just up and fired you?
Keep up with that attitude, and you won't have a future.  Seventeen is a hell of an age to die. Is that what you want?
That money is my whole future.
A lot of good it will do you if the Creeper finds you.
No way. There's no way I'm giving that money back. It's my money now.
Yeah, well, you have to be nuts to do what you did. If you want my opinion, you should give this money back to the Creeper. Just give it back and tell him you're sorry.
That's it. In a nutshell.
So you robbed the robbers, and now the robbers are after you.
Six thousand dollars. Five thousand eight hundred and fourteen dollars, to be exact.
You have one hell of a knack for getting into trouble, don't you?  So how much does it come to?
That's just it. I didn't think. I just did it.
Good thinking.
And started to run.
And started to run.
Yeah, I picked it up.
Christ. You didn't just see what happened. They dropped the package on the ground and you picked it up.
Not exactly. I mean, there was more to it than I told you.
So you're saying it wasn't like that at all.
Here, catch.
Yeah, it might be.
Is it yours?
I don't know.
You don't believe me, huh?  Look, I'll show you. It's all in this book.
Nice try. You had me going for a second, but no ... no writer would ever do a thing like that.  Would he?
His only copy.  I mean, if you think you're going to die, what's more important, a good book or a good smoke? And so he huffed and he puffed, and little by little he smoked his book.
His only copy?
It's 1942, right? And he's caught in Leningrad during the siege. I'm talking about one of the worst moments in human history. Five hundred thousand people died in that one place, and there's Bakhtin, holed up in an apartment, expecting to be killed any day. He has plenty of tobacco, but no paper to roll it in. So he takes the pages of a manuscript he's been working on for ten years and tears them up to roll his cigarettes.
Absolutely. We would be honored.
Yes, an invitation. I apologize for springing it on you at the last minute, but Mr. Benjamin and I are attending a celebration tonight, and we would be most pleased if you chose to accompany us.  Isn't that right, Mr. Benjamin?
Excuse me for asking, but you aren't married, are you?
Uh, actually, I tend to shy away from that kind of thing.
Pick two or three. Now that the coffers are open, you might as well take advantage of me.
Here we are.  Rembrandt's drawings. Edward Hopper. Van Gogh's letters.
I mean earlier. We could have planned something.
I just did.
Hey, hey. Happy birthday. Why didn't you tell me?
It's my birthday. I'm seventeen years old  as of forty-seven minutes ago, and I think I should celebrate having made it this far.
Celebrate? What for?
No, not the end. The beginning.  His son was just a little boy at the time, but the years passed, and when he grew up, he became a skier, too. One day last winter, he went out by himself for a run down the mountain. He gets halfway to the bottom and then stops to eat his lunch next to a big rock. Just as he's unwrapping his cheese sandwich, he looks down and sees a body frozen in the ice -- right there at his feet. He bends down to take a closer look, and suddenly he feels that he's looking into a mirror, that he's looking at himself. There he is -- dead -- and the body is perfectly intact, sealed away in a block of ice -- like someone preserved in suspended animation. He gets down on all fours, looks right into the dead man's face, and realizes that he's looking at his father.
The end.
All right. Listen carefully.  About twenty-five years ago, a young man went skiing alone in the Alps. There was an avalanche, the snow swallowed him up, and his body was never recovered.
No way.
Yeah, right. The inspiration. It's a true story anyway, so I don't suppose it can hurt, can it?
The inspiration.
Okay, just a little hint. I can't tell you the story, but I'll tell you what gave me the idea for it.
Come on, just a little hint.
If I tell you, I might not be able to finish it.
That's logical. And if you don't sleep, you don't need a bed. Saves you money, too.  So what's this story you're working on, anyway?
If you don't sleep, you don't dream. If you don't dream, you don't have nightmares.
Just so you don't overdo it. You don't want to die of sleep deprivation before you finish.
Once a story gets hold of you, it's hard to let go.  Besides, I'm making up for lost time.
You work too hard, you know that?
I don't know. Two or three. It was pretty late.
What time did you get to bed last night?
Thanks. 
One sip of this stuff and your eyes will blast open.
Ah, coffee. Smells good.
Fair enough. We wouldn't want to get carried away, would we?  Now call your aunt Em and let her know you're alive.
Let's not get too idealistic.
Maybe. Or maybe it's the other people who don't belong.
That's because we don't belong anywhere. You don't fit into your world, and I don't fit into mine. We're the outcasts of the universe.
It looks like they've met in this apartment.
It might not be far, but it's another galaxy. Black is black and white is white, and never the twain shall meet.
What makes you think you'll be any safer around here? It's only about a mile away from where you live.
The man has friends. And they're not likely to forgive me if I testify against him.
If they put this Creeper in jail, then you'd be safe.
You're joking, right? I mean, that's your way of trying to be funny, right?
Why don't you go to the police?
I just happened to be walking by... All of a sudden, the Creeper and this other guy come running out of this check-cashing place with masks on their faces and guns in their hands... They just about ran smack into me. The Creeper recognized me, and I knew he knew I recognized him... If the guy from the check-cashing place hadn't rushed out then screaming bloody murder, he would have shot me. I'm telling you, the Creeper would have shot me right there on the sidewalk. But the noise distracted him, and when he turned around to see what was happening, I took off... One more second, and I would have been dead.
So that's the something you weren't supposed to see, huh?
I crossed paths with him. That's why I'm trying to stay clear of my neighborhood.  To make sure I don't run into him again.
And?
Okay, okay.  It's all so stupid.  There's this guy, see. Charles Clemm. The Creeper, that's what people call him. The kind of guy you don't want to cross paths with.
I don't, huh? And what makes you such an authority on what I want or don't want?
You don't really want to know.
Close the door.  Sit down in that chair.  Now listen carefully. Your Aunt Em came here a couple of days ago. She was sick with worry, out of her mind. We had an interesting talk about you, Thomas. Do you understand what I'm saying? Your aunt thinks you're in trouble and so do I. Tell me about it, kid. I want to hear all about it right now.
I don't have much time. 
Cut it out, will you? Just cut it out and come back here.
Business appointment. I'm seeing my broker at three o'clock.
Where the hell do you think you're going?
I bought it. Twenty-nine ninety-five on sale at Goldbaum's TV and Radio.  Well, that just about takes care of it, I guess. You'll be able to watch the ball games. You know, as a little break from your work. 
Where did you get that thing?
I don't know. For helping me out.
Appreciation for what?
I wanted to give you this as a token of my appreciation.
Hey, it's you.
You too. And make sure the light is green before you cross the street.  Oh, by the way, I liked your book. I think you're a hell of a good writer. 
Take good care of yourself, okay?
Not a penny, not a stitch. I'm cool, man. 
Do you need some money? Some extra clothes?
Absolutely. The world is my oyster.  Whatever that means. 
Are you going to be all right?
You don't have to apologize.  The coast is probably clear now anyway.
No hard feelings, okay? It's a small place, and I can't get my work done with you around.
I'm sorry I messed up. You've been very kind to me ...  But all good things have to come to an end, right?
It sounds like our time is up, doesn't it?
Two or three nights.
And how long did I tell you you could stay?
Three nights.
How long have you been here?
I didn't ask to come here. You invited me, remember?  If you want me to leave, all you have to do is say so.
It just won't do, will it? I go two and a half years without being able to write a word, and then, when I finally get started on something, when it looks as though I might actually be coming to life again, you show up and start breaking everything in my house. It just won't do, will it?
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry... I was trying to reach for one of the books up there ...  And then, I don't know, the sky fell on top of me.
If you want to steal it, that's your business. At least I won't have you around here making noise.  It might be worth it.
Twenty dollars is a lot of money. Are you sure you can trust me with it? I mean, aren't you afraid I might steal it?
The world is going to end pretty soon if you don't learn fast.  Look, why not make yourself useful? I'm just about out of smokes.  Go around the corner to the Brooklyn Cigar Company and buy me two tins of Schimmelpenninck Medias. 
I'm a teenager. All teenagers are clumsy. It's because we're still growing. We don't know where our bodies end and the world begins.
A little less clumsiness around here would be nice, don't you think?
I'm sorry. They just... they just slipped out of my hands.
Jesus, do you make a lot of noise. Can't you see I'm trying to work?
You'll find juice and eggs and milk in the refrigerator. Cereal in the cupboard. Coffee on the stove. Take whatever you want. But it's time for me to get started in here.
Eight-thirty?
Eight-thirty.
What time is it?
Time to wake up.  Hey, kid, time to wake up.  Rashid!  Up and out. I have to work in here. The slumber party is over.
Yeah, sometimes.  I like to dabble, too.
Is that what you do? Draw pictures?
Drawing's a good thing.
Twelve, thirteen years ago.  Actually, he died with his sketch pad open on his lap. Up in the Berkshires one weekend, drawing a picture of Mount Greylock.
He's dead?
No, he was a schoolteacher. But he liked to dabble.
Is your father an artist?
It's strange, though, isn't it? Looking at yourself before you knew who you were.
Yeah, I can believe it.
My father did. Believe it or not, that little baby is me.
Nice drawing. Did you do that?
I listen on the radio. I can see the games just fine that way.  The world is in your head, remember?
But then you don't get to watch the ball games. You told me you were a Mets fan.
I used to have one, but it broke a couple of years ago and I never got around to replacing it.  I'd just as soon not have one anyway. I hate those damn things.
This is the first house I've been in without a TV.
That's it. Just the two rooms.
Same here. But I had a long talk with my accountant this afternoon. You know, to see how a move like this would affect my tax picture, and he said it would be okay.
I didn't expect to see you again.
Suit yourself. But if you change your mind, here's the address. 
I can take care of myself. Don't worry.
In case you're wondering, I like women, not little boys. And I'm not offering you a long-term lease -- just a place to crash for a couple of nights.
Thanks, but I'll manage.
I'm not "people." I'm just me. And I do whatever I goddamn want to do. Got it?
People don't do that kind of thing. Not in New York.
But your body is in the world, isn't it?  If someone offered you a place to stay, you wouldn't necessarily refuse, would you?
The material world is an illusion. It doesn't matter if they're there or not. The world is in my head.
Except that there's no bed, is there? And no breakfast either.
Yeah, that's right.
Uh-huh. One of those cozy bed and breakfast places, probably.
Here and there. Around.
You can't be more specific than that?
The what.  I've kind of run away from home, you see.  It has nothing to do with my parents or money. I saw something I wasn't supposed to see, and for the time being it's best that I keep myself out of sight.
The what?
That's where the what comes in.
Then what are you doing in Park Slope? It's a little far from home, isn't it?
Of course. Where else?
In Manhattan?
East Seventy-fourth Street.
And where do Momsie and Popsie live?
Oh no. Momsie and Popsie have oodles.
That's true. But I also owe you something, and I'm not sure that buying you a hamburger is going to do the job.  What is it? Family problems? Money problems?
You don't know me from a hole in the wall.
You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but I might be able to help.
Mostly what.
Cocktail hour is over. The young man would like to order a hamburger.
Well, maybe just one. To be polite.
Look, kid, it's okay with me. You don't have to play games. If you want a hamburger or something, go ahead and order it.
Just one bottle. I believe in moderation.
Yeah, sure, and I bet you had lobster last night. Along with two bottles of champagne.
I mean breakfast.
You must eat lunch pretty early. It's only eleven o'clock.
That's okay. I've already had lunch.
Are you sure you don't want some food to go along with it? It might help to absorb some of that liquid. You don't want to slosh around too much when you stand up.
Rashid. Rashid Cole. 
Good. Lemonade it is.  I'm Paul.
I don't drink coffee.  On the other hand, since you insist, if you offered me a cold lemonade. I wouldn't say no.
Come on. At least let me buy you a cup of coffee.
That's all right. If I think of something, I'll send my butler over to tell you.
You have to let me do something for you to put the scales in balance.
Well, if you put it that way...
Yes it is. It's a law of the universe. If I let you walk away, the moon will spin out of orbit ... pestilence will reign over the city for a hundred years.
It's okay, mister. No big deal.
I owe you something.
I just happened to be there.  The right place at the right time.
No, wait. You can't just walk off.  You saved my life.
No harm done. Everything's okay now.  I've got to be going.
I can't believe I did that ... Christ. I'm walking around in a fog ...
Watch out, man. You'll get yourself killed like that.
I don't mean to pry, but I see a kid walking around with a big knapsack on his back, and I begin to wonder if all his worldly possessions aren't stowed in there. Are you in some kind of trouble or what?
If you're lucky.  Then again, it depends on what you call living. 
I'll take the iced coffee.  You only live once, right?
Everything is real in here, honey.  As real as the color of my hair.
Do you have real iced coffee, or do you just pour hot coffee over some ice cubes?
Hot coffee or iced coffee?
Yeah, give him another one. And I'll take a cup of coffee while you're at it.
You want another one of these, too?
Yes, please.
Lettuce and tomato?
Yes, please.
Fries?
Medium rare, please.
How do you want that cooked?
Didn't say I was buyin' did I? What you want down?  Just bein' curious, is all.
$1200 an acre, that's what I paid Ole, won't take a dime less.  You got no choice on that.
Hid it from my mom.  Caught a mess a sea runs.  Damn thing's still in my closet.
Oh, yeh?
I am a bastard.  I'm a big Hun Nazi son of a bitch.  And I still got your bamboo fishing rod.
...<u>might</u> do the same.  I have to warn you 'bout that, chief.  I'm not screwed together like I used to be.
The battery's in, that's done with.  Besides, you'd do the same for m...
What are you sellin' 'em for? Why don't we start there.
Seven acres.  I'm wonderin' what you'd pay for 'em.  Just curious, is all.
Keep it tonight.  We'll catch fish. I'll see ya back on the docks...
Don't know how long it's take to get a charge...
...or from the cut on his hand. Which is more probable?
I'm a hemotologist, not a detective.
With no bone or scalp or hair present.  Would it be more probable that the blood came from crushing a man's skull...
You don't.
I don't know.
I'm a hemotologist, sir, I was asked only t...
Well, if the blood got <u>onto</u> the gaff by crushing a man's skull...
None.
No bits of bone, no particles of scalp, no strands of hair?
Bits of blood and wood.  What else would there be?
You scraped the dried blood from the <u>butt</u> of the gaff.  Where a fella's <u>hand</u> goes.  And what did you see under your microscope, besides the B positive blood and the wood scrapings...?
That's obvious.
And the blood could <u>not</u> have belonged to defendant.  Seeing that his type is O negative.
No, but as I say, the type is rare. Ten percent of Caucasian males.
But you can't say with any certainty that the blood was his.
Carl Heine's type.
So the blood on the gaff was not fish blood at all.  It was <u>human</u>, yes?  Type B positive.
Did he see some <u>danger</u> from defen...
That he'd keep an eye on Miyamoto. Watch out for him.
When your son came back from the war, what did he say about all this?
Well.  Every time I see him in town or somewhere, he's starin' at me with these narrow eyes. Givin' me his mean face.
What do you mean by 'dirty looks'?
Just showed up at my door, big as life and twice as mean.  Wanted to talk to my son.
And when he came home.  Did he write you about this?  Or phone, perhaps.
In the war.  Europe, I believe. They could hardly send him to the Pacific, could they?
Now defendant's father had also died by that point.  Where was the defendant?  When you sent his family their equity.
Their kids was born here.  So when the oldest, that one there, was twenty...last payment gets made, and he could own it.
Why?  If they could never take title.
Carl held it <u>for</u> 'em.  Called it a lease.  They make payments every June and December...
But back in '34, Japanese-born could not <u>own</u> land.  So...?
They fished t'gether.  Went to school. Carl Junior treated him like a white person.  Like any friend.
So the defendant knew the deceased, your son, even then.
Him and his folks and two brothers and two sisters worked our land. Lived in a picker's cabin at first.
You done your math right.
It is.
Is that your third question?
So that makes what would have been $4500 into $7000, doesn't it?  If you sent the equity back, you had a profit of $2500.
A thousand.
Second question.  What did Ole Jurgensen pay you per acre?
Tried to.  Defaulted on their payments.
Just three questions.  The Miyamoto family bought your seven acres for $4500?
Well, it does seem mighty warm in here.  Specially for Mr. Hooks.
Thank you, Mr. Gillanders.  Thank you for coming down, in this cold weather.
Now, how is Miyamoto gonna know in <u>advance</u>?  That Carl loses two batteries.  Must happen once ever' 20 years or so.
Well, what if?
You mean Miyamoto followed him out there, and sucker-punched him?
All right, what if the defendant <u>heard</u>?  So Carl <u>let</u> him aboard, to help.  And <u>then</u> the fishing gaff?
Compressed air horn, most likely. Hope to God some man hears you in that fog.
Course, if Carl lost both batteries, dead in the water, his radio wouldn't work.  So how would he signal for help?
Boat has two batteries.  Lose one you run off the other til morning. Carl musta lost both, so Miyamoto there gave him one a his.
No sense to have <u>any</u> at all., even the right size.  It's like having an extra battery in the trunk of your car.  Nobody does.
Now the sheriff believed that the D-6 battery in Carl's well was Carl's own spare.  Even though it was too large f...
Couldn't get on the boat.  I'd just <u>shoot</u> the feller.  <u>Then</u> tie up, throw him inta th' drink.  And skip bein' the first gill-netter in history to make a successful forced boarding.
So the fishing gaff method wouldn't make sense?
I'm sorry about that.  It wasn't mine in the first place.
It's a joke.  Maneuver up to Carl's boat?  Tie your lines fast?  Come aboard?  All against Carl's will? It's the stupidest suggestion I ever heard of.
Now if you wanted to kill a man. Think you'd try boarding against his will, and hitting him with a fishing gaff?
Unwritten rule of the sea.  We don't bother each other, stick to ourselves. Ask anybody.
Now, Mister Gi...
I said.  No further questions.
You're implying th...
Question withdrawn, you may step down.
It seems human.  To me.
Doesn't it seem to <u>you</u>, Mrs. Miyamoto, that your mistake was in being deceitful?  Concealing information during the course of a sheriff's investigation.
Well, it seems to me...
We were afraid.  Silence seemed better.  To come forward seemed like a mistake.
So you hid the truth.  Deliberately.
Trials aren't only about truth, Mr. Hooks.  Even though they should be.  They're about what people <u>believe</u> is true.
But if truth was on your side, whatever were you worried about?
Because the facts could be misconstrued as murder.
Why not?
We discussed that.  And decided not to.
Up in the air?  Was <u>that</u> your reaction?
Yes, and then, what was there to call about?  Everything was up in the air.
And then, something did.  Carl Heine was found dead.  With his head crushed.
Of course not.  We're just not quick to run and boast.  In case something went wrong.
You thought the deceased might... break his promise?
So, five hours.  Plenty of time for a call.  He was 'excited', you say. In the sense of being 'overjoyed'.
Closer to eight.
Your husband returned at, what, seven o'clock?
We hear how Carl...passed away. Only a few hours later.
So, then, you...and your husband... must have called friends, relatives, to tell them the amazing news.  Yes?
Happy for him.  And relieved.
You were...overjoyed yourself, to hear the news?
I said 'excited'.  Not agitated, he was excited in the sense of being overjoyed.
It's not for the.  They only get to convict him.
I did.  But the jury won't s...
Did you write that column?
Look, I <u>want</u> to forget you, I do. I think if you hold me, just this once, I can walk away and never speak to you again.
You have to hear this, I can never touch you, Ishmael.  Not once, not ever.  There's no half- way.  As much as I know it hurts you, you have to let this go.
There's no one here, and I've <u>got</u> to talk to you.
I'm married, Ishmael.  It isn't right for us to be alone.  People will t...
The Japs did it.
I'm sorry about your arm.  Kabuo and I.  Are very sor...
I couldn't say anything.  I just stood there, hating her.
I don't mean everyone.  Just people who can do things because they can arrest people or convict them.  Or run a newspaper.
We all expect the world to be fair. As if we have some right t...
Look at my face.  It's the face of the people who did that.  My father hardly speaks English.  We're in bad trouble, you have to see that.
It's just Pearl Harbor.  People are a little crazy, right n...
It'll be over soon.  I can get you money.
My father can't get our money from the bank.  We have a few dol...
I lie to my parents every day. And every night.
There can't be any wrong in this, Ha...
Well, I don't do it for just anybody.
I can just feel my spirits soar.
Why?  We're only talking.
My mom.  Would be the problem.
We're Japanese, not Mexican, Ishmael. He'll slice you up with a ceremonial sword.
Your friends would.  Your dad would kill me with a machete.
The best part was that there was a 'this'.  To debate the wrongness of.
Easy.  Slow is best.
I told myself that was good.  That it made our friendship special.  And didn't mean she was ashamed of it. Necessarily.
At school, she kept mostly to the Japanese kids, and sort of ignored me.  As if all of our times alone together...in the hollow cedar, everywhere...were a secret.
He's still got a good grip.  We need to dig more.
...but he found you.
Your father fought at Belleau Wood, it took him years to get over it.  Nightmares, tears, b...
Those aren't the facts that matter.
They're not his neighbor, like you are.  He is a husband, a father, he risked his <u>life</u> for <u>their</u> country. The same as you.
Seattle boys think he's guilty.  They say the evidence is rock solid.
They only arrested that poor soul because he's Japanese.
You've been busy with that trial, I suppose.  Such a travesty...
I felt Milholland's report in my pocket.  And wondered why I wasn't telling her.  Telling someone. What I'd found.
Agnostics don't believe or disbelieve, Ma.  We just don't pretend we know.
You don't believe in God anymore.
Oh, in a heartbeat.
And your evaluation of the defendant?  Could he kill a much larger man with a fishing gaff? So quickly, there would be no sign of struggle?
What else?  I had the boy teach me kendo.  Including...the importance of the bow.
Well, what then, sergeant?
More than eager.  He was out to make a point.
So.  Wide cross-section of men to evaluate.  And the day that the defendant volunteered for this... demonstration.  Did you find him eager?
It was my specialty, sir, I trained several thousand over the years.
And you were generally experienced in training men for hand-to-hand combat.
They were Japanese-American boys, yes sir.
Pretty darn clear.
And replaced it later with the new one.  That's your inference?
You bet.  And if Miyamoto there had been in a hurry to cast off, he coulda left this line behind on Carl's boat.
So if defendant had tied up to deceased's boat.  With that last one.  Would those cleats have lined up?
Found on Carl's boat, too.  Starboard side, second cleat from the stern. But it doesn't match Carl's lines. It matches Miyamoto's.  perfect.
And the last...?
From Carl Heine's boat.  All his were like this one, three-strand manila, new condition, braided in loops.  Not bowlined like Miyamoto's.
And the next one...?
...comes off third cleat from the stern, port side.  And it's brand new.  Unlike the rest.
These are fishermen, Alvin.  They don't talk at all to each other and less to me.  Specially gossip.
So, no...immediate suspicion, no...general talk of enmity between the two.
Nossir.  I'd gone to tell the wid... to tell Mrs. Heine.
And you weren't there, when the coroner examined the wound.
Japanese stick-fighting.  They're trained as kids, y'know.  To kill with sticks.
Could you tell me what 'kendo' is?
Well, I was a doctor in the Jap theater, in the war.  I saw those kendo wounds, <u>many</u> times.  Looked exactly like this one.
And why.  Is that?
I said that if I was playing Sherlock Holmes...I'd maybe look for a... Japanese person.  With a bloody gun- butt.  A right-handed fella, to be precise.
Did you say more?
He said, 'Could it be somebody hit him?'  And I said, 'You want to play Sherlock Holmes, here?'
...so when the sheriff returned, you showed him the injury to the deceased's head.
Tht was summation, Your H...
Your Honor, <u>all</u> of this is speculation.  Including Mr. Hooks' dramaturgy about the defendant issuing a false distress call.
Objection!
You're a hard man to trust, sir. You sit before us, with no expression, keeping a poker f...
All right.  What did your son <u>say</u> to that effect?
Objection.  Asking witness to speculate about deceased's state of mind.
My gosh, Alvin, was I supposed to object every time you did that?
Objection, asking the witness to speculate.
As peculiar as a struggle between a 235 pound man, and an assailant strong enough to subdue him...that leaves only a <u>single</u> overturned <u>cup</u> in its wake?
No, sir, I can't.  Not beyond a reasonable doubt.
<u>Were</u> you, sir?  Can you <u>prove</u> one word of all your fancy story?
That's curious.  I was <u>appealing</u> to their intelligence.
And I wouldn't blame these good people if they were a mite resent- ful.  At a tactic that insults their intelligence.
That's how journalists.  Answer questions.
I asked you a question, you're writing a tract, h...
He didn't want to lose any more.
Greedy.
Like you couldn't believe.
Your line of work.  You must meet a lot of men play fast and loose with the truth.
Oh, yes.
But isn't the <u>truth</u> that there are <u>several</u> other ways to explain <u>each</u> of these twelve pieces.
Then putting them together.  So truth is revealed.
My expertise.  Is that I'm a journalist.
And since you confess this is all pure guesswork.  What is your expertise, sir, are you a detective of sorts?
Twelve.
Well, the freighter.  The twine. The blood.  The knife.  The cup. The watch.  The second battery. The phantom lantern.  The fishing gaff.  The cracked gunnel.  The skull wound.  The blond hair.  That's <u>eleven</u> things...
I'm sorry, was there a question in there?
<u>Everything</u> had to happen <u>just</u> right.  For your little story to fly.  I mean, a blond hair could be on that gunnel for a <u>lot</u> of reasons.
Objection!  Speculation.
Maybe it went.  Where Carl went. Over the side.
He said he didn't want that life no more.  He'd been saving to buy a farm.  He was sorry I got sick. But pretty excited to get back his father's place.
But Carl was a fisherman.  And successful at it.
Carl Heine came.
And then your stroke came this summer.  And you put your property on the market, I believe you said September 7.  Which, remember, is <u>eight</u> days before Carl Heine died. And who comes Spetember 7, wanting to buy?
Oh, yeh.  But this is nine year ago, I had my healt, I wasn't wantin' to sell.
Mr. Jurgensen.  Did he offer to <u>buy</u> the seven acres from you?
Oh, yeh.  He said someday he would get his land back.
Robbed.  He was angry.
I had a spare battery in my shed. I brought it down, and put it in just before the sheriff showed up.
Well, the sheriff found <u>two</u> batteries in your well.  If you left one with Carl Heine, how is that possible?
Yes.
Didn't go anywhere else?  No errands, no purchases?  Just straight to the boat.  That's the truth.
I slept til one-thirty, when my wife woke me up with the news.  We talked for a few hours.  I left at six and went straight to my boat.
I see.  Now what happened the day Carl Heine was found?  Before your arrest.
You mean, this morning.  The new story, the battery story. That one is the truth?  That's a question, sir.
I have told the truth.
My apologies.  Do you regret not telling the truth?
Should have told 'everything'. Meaning, you should have told the <u>truth</u>.
I should have told everything right away.  I know that now, and I regret it.
Well, 'initially' is an interesting word, sir.  You'd <u>been</u> arrested, you <u>had</u> a lawyer, and you <u>still</u> claimed ignorance!
Yes.  Initially.
But even <u>after</u> you had an attorney.  You still claimed to know <u>nothing</u>.  Claimed <u>not</u> to have seen Carl. Am I correct?
Sheriff said right off, I was under suspicion.  I didn't have a lawyer...
Actually, she said you had decided. Decided <u>not</u> not come forward.
As my wife testified, we were considering it.
Some seaman's loast report. Stuffed in a cabinet, good as lost forever.  No one knows.
They got transferred that day. Out to Cape Flattery.
No, night of the 16th, morning the 17th.  We replaced two guys named Miller and Milholland.
You mean, early morning the 16th?
Me and Smoltz came on dogwatch September 16.
How long you have this detail?
Shorthard the radio transmis- sions, write 'em up, file 'em in a cabinet.  Nobody ever looks. Just take up space.
And you keep the records, or contribute to 'em.
Since September.  Last guys got transferred.
You have the night watch?  On the radio.
Don't prove there was two lanterns. Coulda been the one in the cabin.
It's on the twine, too.  But it's not r...
You're right.  I better use two.
You gonna climb that with one arm?
Have a look.  At nothing.
Here now, what are you fixin' to do?
It's public record.  If the public cares enough to read it.
Never shoulda given you that inventory in the first place.
Won't take two.
You said three minutes.
Three kids.  What's she going to do?
I did.  Boy.
It's a rare thing.  Takes a turning point.
We don't let go, you s...
Naw, I've seen what that can do to a pack of cigarettes.
You ever been strangled by a single hand?
If I whistle.  Those boys'll see you, and come runnin'.  <u>You're</u> the story today.
I'll take two.  One for later.
Cigarette?
Well, anything coulda caused that.
The sheriff and the deputy and I inspected the deck closely.  We found a small fracture in the wood of the gunnel.  Just below the mast.
You think so?
He hit his head.  On the way in.
Still and all.  Carl was a strong swimmer, he m...
The freighter started through at 1:42.  The sea water seeped into Carl's watch and stopped it. At 1:47.
Still a coincidence.  Timing and all.
The knife.  What knife?
Then where's the lantern?  And where's the knife?
But you <u>could</u> be wrong.  He <u>could</u> have climbed up earlier.
Maybe Carl picks up something about the freighter on his radio, which is now working.  Same report Milholland heard.  And <u>that</u> makes him get the lantern fast.  Before the freighter's wake can bang it around.
Maybe...?
Coincidences happen.  You run a yellow light <u>just</u> as a car comes out of nowhere.  Split-second tragedy happens every day.  Or maybe...
Just as the freighter comes through? Isn't that quite a coincidence?
He figures a perfectly good lantern could get banged around up there.  So he climbs up.  To cut it down.
Still lashed to the mast.
Miyamoto gave him the battery, and left.  Carl's boat was running, he goes back to fishing.  But at some point, he thinks of the lantern...
Fell.
That's when he fell.
Because the second lantern, the one on the mast.  Was never found.  So we have to ask...
Well, why does it?
That's what Mr. Miyamoto reported, and he'd have no reason to lie. He couldn't know that it would help his case.
Now you believe there were <u>two</u> lanterns when defendant arrived. One in Carl's hand.  The second lashed to the mast.
Well.  It shows the prosecutor was wrong.  It was <u>Carl's</u> boat that was dead in the water.  Or he'd never have put up the lantern.
Tell us why that lantern would be so significant.
To my father.  Everything counts.
He's looking down.  And he's not thinking 'bout the man you were yesterday.  He's proud of the man you are tonight.  That's what counts.
Yes, he was.
Your daddy.  Was quite a feller.
I'm wondering how the judge is gonna like my waking up his old bones.  in the middle of the night.
You're wondering why I held it.
This tastes horrible, hmmn?
No, you don't.
It's the way it happened, I know it is.
Look, no way I'm lettin' you out there.  In a half hour you could be in Canada.
Sheriff, I can't afford not to fish toni...
Sure.  Blood gets all <u>over</u> your hand, Sheriff, ask any fisherman.
You gaff with the <u>hook</u> end. Blood's on the butt.  Where your hand goes.
Sure you did.  Help me with this hold cover, willya?
Naw, I had that around for a while.
See you replaced a mooring line, lately.  This one's new.
I was checking the cables.
You always run with the well open?
We have a warrant.  To search your boat.
What for, Sheriff?
And what do you believe?
I told your wife.  Trials aren't always so much about actual truth. As about what folks <u>believe</u> is true. That's sad.  And it's real.
You think that <u>is</u> the truth.
I want you.  To tell the truth.
You want me to say that.
You won't hear that from Hooks. Because the charge is <u>first</u>-degree murder, which requires premeditation. He can't change the charge.
I'm more a hot-blooded killer, huh? Like a soldier.  Like a samurai.
That you came upon Carl by accident. Like you said.  Gave him the battery. Like you said.  Asked him about the seven acres.  Like you said.
And what's that?
I should show them an American?
So every time you think about showing that jury strength.  Or honor or composure.  Or dignity.
Mr. Gudmundsson, we <u>know</u> what that jury is looking at.
Now this jury is gonna be lookin' at the evidence with one eye. And at you with the oth...
You're wonderin'...how come I never ask.  If you did it.
You wouldn't even see it move.
Sure.  I could take a fishing gaff and split your head open. Right above your left ear.
Bet there's a few things you could teach me.  Kendo, for one.
I think you like learning.
You must think I like losing.
You mean, do I like to take the offensive?  Or hang back and wait.
White or black?
Your daddy played.  I asked, down at the Japanese Community Center. You smoke cigars?
What makes you think I play?
<u>You</u> said that.  That was <u>your</u> testimony.
Even though a D-6 is too big, and the flange had to be banged out to squeeze it in.  Which makes it a peculiar choice. For a spare.
What else could it be?
Which you inferred was replaced by the D-6, which must have been a spare.
One D-6 and one D-8 in the well. And a dead D-8 on the deck.
The damage was considerable. But she's insured.  Thanks, again.
And her farmhouse...?
She's alright, Nels, thanks for asking.
How <u>is</u> your mother-in-law?
Possible.  But not darn likely.
Operating this winch you'd rarely operated before, doing this awkward job of bringing in a drowned man of 235 pounds...is it <u>possible</u>.  Possible that he struck his head <u>after</u> death. Possible?
You don't.  <u>Remember</u>.
He was heavy, but we were real careful.  But I don't remember him hitting anything, anywhere.
You don't.  <u>Think</u> so.
I don't think so.
Is it possible his head struck the transom, or the stern gunnel, or the net roller, as you were bringing him in?
Now you've testified that the deceased was a heavy man, and hard to bring out of the net.
I believe so.
I'm curious.  The D-6 that was refitted into the deceased's well. Was it exactly the same brand and model as defendant's?
Apparently.
So the defendant went out fishing for the night with <u>no</u> spare battery, hmmn?
No.
No spare.
Two D-6's.  That's the kind his well was fitted for.
Sheriff, how many batteries and what size did you find on <u>defendant's</u> boat?
It was dead.  We had it tested. Maybe the D-6 was the spare and he had to use it.
But he had a spare D-6, you said. Right there.  Why not use that?
He's done some on-the-spot refit- ting.  You could see the side flange was banged away to make room for the D-6.
Now I did some measuring down at the chandlery.  A D-6 is one inch wider than a D-8.  It would be too large for the deceased's well.
It is.
You found three batteries, you say.  A D-6 and D-8 in the well. And a spare D-8 on the cabin floor. Correct?
You have to wonder.
A little.  Yes.  You have to wonder.
Does it now?
Didn't think about it at the time. So no, it didn't strike me odd.
And yet you started the engine right up.  With all those lights drawing all night, the batteries had that much charge.  Did that strike you odd?
Yessir, there'd been real heavy fog.
I think you testified <u>all</u> the lights were on.  Cabin, mast, net lights, picking lights...
Maybe.
Right.  In the middle.  Of the floor.
Maybe the assailant straightened the cabin.  And forgot the cup.
<u>Yes</u>, I'm sure.
Are you absol...
Absolutely not.  Probably one or two hours.  Four at the most.
Yes, you can tell me about the minor cut you found on the deceased's right hand.  The report says 'recent origin'.  How recent?  As much as 24 hours before death?
Can I say something, here?
For the third time, yes.
But you are <u>certain</u> that he died by drowning.
For certain, no.
<u>And</u> that you can't say for <u>certain</u> whether the head injury was sustained before or <u>after</u> death?
I already said that, b...
Is it fair to say that you do not know for <u>certain</u> which it was.
Sure, anything's poss...
Is it possible?
If the head was moving fast enough, but I don't see how it could be.
So if his head struck something narrow and flat, the gunnel of a boat, a net roller, a fairlead, could that have...
The same.
Can you tell whether an object moved against the head, or the other way around?  Or would both look the same.
Obviously.
In your motorcycle example.  Those injuries are produced by the head being propelled <u>against</u> an object. Rather than the reverse, yes?
Your report says death by <u>drowning</u>, which means he went into the water alive and breathing.  And the report is accurate...?
Well...
Meaning that he wasn't murdered first, say on the deck of the boat, and then thrown overboard.
That's <u>why</u> the autopsy report identifies <u>drowning</u> as the cause of death.
As I testified.  It occurs when water, mucus and air are mixed by respiration.  I believe I said that.
So this...foam you found in the lungs.  How does it get there?
That's all he said.
The question is more about the <u>defendant's</u> attitu...
Carl said he didn't like Kabuo much anymore.
Sorry about that, Mrs. Heine. Shall I repeat the ques...
You can speak for what he <u>said</u>. Just like you did for Mr. Hooks...
I can't speak for him.
Carl ever say <u>he</u> got one?
He had no reason to.
Those 'dirty looks'.  Defendant ever aim one of those at you?
Of course not.  But it was emotional.  A friend's plea set against his mother's attitude.
Carl never lied.
I guess you'd have to guess. Not having been there with them. Having to guess whether your husband's report was word for word accurate.
So the defendant was encouraged to hope.  Or could have been.
Not in those words.
Well, he didn't say 'no', did he? Didn't say no hope existed.
I wouldn't say encouraged.
So your husband said he's think it over.  Encouraged Mr. Miyamoto to believe he might sell to h...
Whatever the latest jargon is.                                   MEKUM Much better, much higher.  For example, where your old ones expressed ninety percent of their sexual energy in aggressive physicality, these new ones are ninety-nine percent without sexual inclination.  It's <u>all</u> aggression.                                   SLOAN                          <u>Real</u> men!                                   CHURCH                          At ease, Lieutenant.                          What if they fought?     A sudden silence.     SLOAN raises her eyebrows, gives RUBRICK a look.     Frowning thoughtfully, MEKUM looks up. MEKUM You mean up there?                                   CHURCH                                             Go ahead, Rube.  Tell Todd to take him. MEKUM No!     They all look at MEKUM.  Is this the chink in the armor?  The new soldiers can't fight?                                   CHURCH                    "No"? MEKUM Not fair.  No contest.  Send two more of your old ones up.     Now CHURCH, RUBRICK, and SLOAN are stunned.  They exchange a glance.                                   MEKUM Go ahead.
Spirit?                          Oh!  You mean "AQ"..."aggressive qualities"?
Melton, on the double!  Up a chain!                                   MELTON  Sir!     MELTON takes a few easy strides, gracefully catches a chain mid- stride, and smarts up, climbing easily and twice as fast as TODD.     CHURCH, SLOAN, and RUBRICK crane their necks as the two men struggle upward toward the rafters.     Three quarters of the way up, MELTON comes even with TODD, then passes him. MEKUM, watching, smirks.     CHURCH is watching too, and he's still not satisfied.  His brow is knit, something's bothering him.     ANGLE HIGH ABOVE, AMONG THE GIRDERS     Stonefaced, MELTON is resting an a "platform" on the chain, sixty feet up, beneath the girders, swaying gently.     His stony gaze is on the next chain where TODD is arriving at a "platform" on an adjacent chain...only three feet away.     Their eyes meet, TODD and MELTON alone together sixty feet up, three feet apart.  Neither man blinks, neither man flinches, neither man reveals anything at all...     LOW ANGLE, LOOKING UP     CHURCH considers the men high above, then to MEKUM.                                   CHURCH                    What about...spirit?
Maybe we could run some tests.  Kind of a comparison, the old and the new...
Such as?
The sweep is just routine, not even police action.  I'd like to see some sort of...meaningful evidence...
That's up to you field guys.  H.Q. wants you to break 'em in when you do the annual security sweep in January.
Well, the soldiers we've got now, they've been through all kinds of heavy shit...and they've always got the job done.  Now these new ones, these "hot shots" of yours...what kind of action have they seen?  They <u>are</u> battle-tested, aren't they?
I...see.  I'm not sure I quite get your...point...
...He used to say, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
Mmmmmm.  Weeell, you know my old daddy was in maintenance and he had a saying...
As I said, in every way.  Physically and psychologically.  More endurance, quicker responses, better hand-eye, improved technical training.  Where the First Psychology gave you ninety-eight percent obedience, this bunch gives you 99.4.
Improved...how?
Never mind leaving your door open - I got a passkey.
Beat it, Buster.
It's from Satchel Mouth at Table Seven.  This is from me to you, doll.
Bull fiddle.
Which of you dolls is Daphne?
That's the way I like 'em - big and sassy.  And get rid of your roommate.
Get lost, will you?
Wanna see my driver's license?
Aren't you a little too young for that, sonny?
Because I'm working the night shift - and I got a bottle of gin stashed away - and as soon as there's a lull -
Why?
Listen, doll - what time do you get off tonight?
Bye.
Forget it, doll.  After all, you work here - I work here - and believe you me, it's nice to have you with the organization.
I suppose you want a tip?
Okay, doll.
Yes.  And that one, too.
Are these your bags?
I don't know - but I can feel it right here.  That's one good thing about ulcers - it's like a burglar alarm going off inside you.
Funny?  In what way?
You know, Bienstock, there's something funny about those two new girls.
All right, girls - from the top again.
I beg your pardon.
All right, girls.  Who does this belong to?  Come on, now.  Speak up.  Sugar, I warned you!
I thought I made it clear I don't want any drinking in this outfit.
Yes, Sue?  What is it?
Clarinet - drums - trumpet - trombone -
Hi, Mary Lou - Rosella - Okay, Dolores, get a move on - How's your back, Olga?
Me?  I'm the manager of the band - not the night watchman.
Those idiot broads!  Here we are all packed to go to Miami, and what happens?  The saxophone runs off with a Bible salesman, and the bass fiddle gets herself pregnant.  I ought to fire you, Bienstock.
My suitcase - with all my resort clothes.
A what?
You girls have seen a brown bag with a white stripe and my initials?

Pardon me, Mr. Bienstock - can I have my flask back?
Now cut that out, girls-none of that rough talk.  They went to a conservatory.
No --- how does it go?
Fresh!
Upsy-daisy.
It's entirely mutual.
You're welcome.
Thank you ever so.
You're in Berths 7 and 7A.
Hey, she's ticklish!
Cut it out, girls.  Stop it. Joe - Josephine - help!
The one-legged jockey said - 'Don't worry about me, baby.  I ride side-saddle.'
What did he say?
- so the one-legged jockey said - 
Manhattans?  This time of night?
Okay. 
It's private.  Go away.
This a private clambake, or can anybody join?
Where were you guys?
Me and Tiny, we had them cornered - but we lost 'em in the shuffle.
What happened?
They wouldn't be caught dead in Chicago - so we'll finish the job here.  Come on.
Those two musicians from the garage!
Same faces - same instruments -  - and here's your Valentine's card.
Like I was telling you - Little Bonaparte is getting soft.  He doesn't have it here any more.  Used to be like a rock.  Too bad.  I think it's time for him to retire.
He even got Charlie's last toothpick - the one from the garage - and had it gold-plated.
Stop, or I'll burst out crying.
Say, boss - I been talking to some of the other delegates - and the word is that Little Bonaparte is real sore about what happened to Toothpick Charlie.  Him and Charlie, they used to be choir boys together.
We're not on the pier yet -
It's all fixed!  Osgood is meeting us on the pier -
There's a convention, all right.  There's also the ladies' morgue.
Elope?  But there are laws - conventions -
Tell him you're going to elope with him.
What'll I tell him?
Yeah, but they're not watching yachts. Come on - you're going to call Osgood.
Did you hear that?
First thing we got to do is get out of these clothes.
All right - so what do we do now?
There you go with that we again.
We'll walk.  And if we have to, we'll starve.
You crazy or something?  The place is crawling with mobsters - gangrene is setting in - and you're making like Diamond Jim Brady!  How are we going to get out of here?  How are we going to eat?
No tricks, no mirrors, nothing up my sleeve.  It's on the level this time.
What did we do?  Joe, you're not pulling one of your old tricks.
Don't worry.  We did the right thing with it.
All right. What happened to our bracelet?
What do you mean, your bracelet? It's our bracelet.
Wait a minute - my bracelet.  What happened to my bracelet?
Yeah - lets shove off.
I don't know about the captain - but the navigator is getting his tail out of here.
I may throw up.
Hello, my dearest darling.  So good to hear your voice again.
Hello, Room 414?  This is the ship-to-shore operator - I have a call for Miss Sugar Cane.
Drop her a postcard.  Any minute now those gorillas may be up here -
That's when I was a saxophone player. Now I'm a millionaire.
Since when?  Usually you leave 'em with nothing but a kick in the teeth.
We can't just walk out on her without saying goodbye.
Telephone call?  Who's got time for that?
What do you think you're doing?
Get me Room 414.
Sugar?
There's our shaving stuff - and there's Sugar.
Joe, if we get out of this hotel alive, you know what we're going to do? We're going to sell the bracelet, and grab a boat to South America and hide out in one of those banana republics -  The way I figure is, if we eat nothing but bananas, we can live there for fifty years - maybe a hundred years - that is, if we get out of the hotel alive.  Did we forget anything?
But they're from Osgood.  He wanted me to wear them tonight.
Not that, you idiot.
Okay, Joe.
Shut up and keep packing.
I tell you, Joe, they're on to us.  They're going to line us up against the wall and -  Eh-eh-eh-eh-eh - and then the police are going to find two dead dames, and they're going to take us to the ladies' morgue, and when they undress us - I tell you, Joe, I'm just going to die of shame.
What?
Joe -
Nag, nag, nag.  Look, we got a yacht, we got a bracelet, you got Osgood, I've got Sugar - we're really cooking.
What are you giving me with the omelette?
So?  It's going to break Sugar's heart when she finds out I'm not a millionaire.  That's life.  You can't make an omelette without breaking an egg.
It's just going to break his heart when he finds out I can't marry him.
Get it while you're young.  And you better fix your lips.  You want to look nice for Osgood, don't you?
I feel like such a tramp - taking jewelry from a man under false pretenses.
Daphne got a proposal tonight.
That's some nerve!
Wait a minute - lets not be hasty. After all, we don't want to hurt poor Osgood's feelings.
Naturally.  You think my fiance is a bum? Now I guess I'll have to give it back.
Hey - these are real diamonds.
What engagement present?
I'm a boy - I'm a boy - I wish I were dead - I'm a boy - I'm a boy -  What am I going to do about my engagement present?
Look, Jerry - take my advice - forget the whole thing - just keep telling yourself you're a boy!
But Joe - this may be my last chance to marry a millionaire!
Jerry, listen to me - there are laws - conventions - it's just not being done!
Then we'll get a quick annulment - he'll make a nice settlement on me - I'll have those alimony checks coming in every month -
Oh.
Like right after the ceremony.
Like when?
Oh, I don't expect it to last.  I'll tell him the truth when the time comes.
You're out of your mind!  How can you get away with this?
We've been discussing that.  He wants to go to the Riviera - but I sort of lean toward Niagara Falls.
Like what are you going to do on your honeymoon?
Like what?
Jerry - there's another problem.
His mother - we need her approval.  But I'm not worried - because I don't smoke.
I'll say there is!
Look, stop treating me like a child. I'm not stupid.  I know there's a problem.
Jerry, you'd better lie down. You're not doing well.
Security.
But you're not a girl.  You're a guy! And why would a guy want to marry a guy?
Why not?  He keeps marrying girls all the time!
Jerry!  You can't be serious!
You think he's too old for me?
What are you talking about? You can't marry Osgood.
Osgood proposed to me.  We're planning a June wedding.
WHAT?
I am.
Congratulations.  Who's the lucky girl?
I'm engaged.
What happened?
Have I got things to tell you!
Hi, Jerry.  Everything under control?
I'm just borrowing them.  You'll get them back tomorrow.
What are you doing with my flowers?
Oh, no.  I'm not getting caught in a miniature sand trap with that guy.
Tell him you get seasick on a yacht. Play miniature golf with him.
Don't give me the musketeers!  How'm I going to keep the guy ashore?
Because we're pals - buddies - the two musketeers.
Why do I let you talk me into these things? Why?
Come on, you can do better than that. Give him teeth - the whole personality.
Remember - he's your date for tonight. So smile.
You can both go take a flying jump.
Daphne - your boy friend is waving at you.
Oh, no!  Not tonight, Josephine!
That's right.
With ME?
He's going to be ashore with you.
And where's he going to be?
No.  I'm going to be on that boat with Sugar.
You're going to be on the boat with that dirty old man?
Of course, you're not.  I'm going.
Fat chance!  You call him right back and tell him I'm not going.
Just the three of you on that great big boat - you and him and Rudy Vallee.
Oh, he does!
You got it made, kid.  Fielding wants you to have a little cold pheasant with him on his yacht -
What message?  What motorboat?
Yes, Mr. Fielding - you'll pick her up after the show in your motorboat - goodbye - what's that you said?  Oh - zowie! I'll give her the message. 
I'm a push-over for whom?  What is it? Who's on the phone?
And what are you trying to do to poor Sugar?  Putting on that millionaire act - and that phony accent -  Nobody talks like that!  I've seen you pull some low tricks on dames - but this is the trickiest and the lowest and the meanest -
Wise guy, huh?  Trying to louse me up -
Daphne, you're bothering us.
You know - the old shell game.
Daphne -  Go on - tell me all about him.
He's not only got a yacht, he's got a bicycle.
Yes - you have to be very careful about picking a roommate.
I heard a very sad story about a girl who went to Bryn Mawr.  She squealed on her roommate, and they found her strangled with her own brassiere.
This happens to me all the time in public.
You - you -
What is it, young lady?  What are you staring at?
Don't get burned, Daphne.
Yeah - let her soak.  Come on.
Yeah?  Well, I'm your fairy godmother - and I'm keeping an eye on you.
What are you talking about?  Sugar and me, we're just like sisters.
I watched you two on the bus - lovey-dovey - whispering and giggling and borrowing each other's lipstick -
Me?  After Sugar?
What are you giving me with the flying fish? I know why you want to stick around - you're after Sugar.
What's the beef?  We're sitting pretty. We get room and board - we get paid every week - there's the palm trees and the flying fish -
All right, all right!  But how long can we keep this up?
So you got pinched in the elevator. So what?  Would you rather be picking lead out of your navel?
But this is so humiliating.
Listen, stupid - right now Spats Colombo and his chums are looking for us in every male band in the country.
We can get a job with another band. A male band.
How can we?  We're broke.
You promised - the minute we hit Florida, we were going to beat it.
Blow where?
I'm tired of being a flag.  I want to be a bull again.  Lets get out of here, Joe. Let's blow.
They don't care - just as long as you wear skirts.  It's like waving a red flat in front of a bull.
And I'm not even pretty.
Well, now you know how the other half lives.
I got pinched in the elevator.
What happened?
You wouldn't hit a girl, would you?
Male and female - the moth and the flame - I ought to slug you!
Break it up, girls!  Daphne! Come on, help me!
It's not my fault.  I didn't invite them.
What's going on here?  Daphne - Daphne -
Good night, Josephine.
Good night, Daphne.
Then pull the emergency brake!
But suppose I lose?  Suppose it's an emergency?
Fight it.
But suppose I got to go - like for a drink of water?
I just want to make sure that honey stays in the hive.  There'll be no buzzing around tonight.
What are you doing?
I'm a girl.  I'm a girl.  I'm a girl -
Steady, boy.  Just keep telling yourself you're a girl.
We would be caught dead with men.  Those rough, hairy beasts with eight hands -  They all want just one thing from a girl.
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
Men?
You tore it again!
Look - no butter, no pastry, and no Sugar!
Boy, would I like to borrow a cup of that Sugar.
Forget it.  One false move, and they'll toss us off the train - there'll be the police, and the papers, and the mob in Chicago...
How about the shape of that liquor cabinet?
Down, Daphne!
Bye, Sugar.  We been playing with the wrong bands.
Polish?
I changed it.  It used to be Sugar Kowalczyk.
Now you tore the other one.
This way, Daphne.
You better come help me.
You'd better go fix it.
Tore off one of my chests.
Done what?
Now you've done it!
Not there - that's the emergency brake.
Listen, stupe - no butter and no pastry. We're on a diet!
When I was a kid, I used to have a dream - I was locked up in this pastry shop overnight - with all kinds of goodies around - jelly rolls and mocha eclairs and sponge cake and Boston cream pie and cherry tarts -
Watch it, Daphne!
How about that talent?  This is like falling into a tub of butter.
I'm Josephine.  Sax.
Hello, everybody.  I'm the bass fiddle. Just call me Daphne.
I never did like the name Geraldine.
DAPHNE?
And I'm Daphne.
My name is Josephine.
This time I'm not going to let you talk me into something that...
What are you afraid of?  Nobody's asking you to have a baby.  This is just to get out of town. The minute we hit Florida, we'll blow this set-up.
Who are we kidding?  Look at that - look how she moves - it's like jello on springs - they must have some sort of a built-in motor. I tell you it's a whole different sex.
The name is Josephine.  And it was your idea in the first place.
It's no use.  We'll never get away with it, Joe.
With those legs?  Are you crazy?
I feel so naked.  Like everybody's looking at me.
Quit stalling.  We'll miss the train.
And it's so drafty.  They must be catching colds all the time.
Must be the way their weight is distributed. Come on.
How can they walk on these things? How do they keep their balance?
Shave our legs, stupid.
Shave?  At a time like this?  Those guys got machine guns - they're going to blast our heads off - and you want to shave?
We are going out of town.  But we're going to shave.
We got to get out of town.  Maybe we ought to grow beards.
The police?  We'd never live to testify. Not against Spats Colombo.  Wabash 1098.
You going to call the police?
That's not far enough.  You don't know those guys!  But they know us.  Every hood in Chicago will be looking for us -
As far away as possible.
Where are we running, Joe?
Not yet.  But if those guys catch us, there'll be blood all over.  Type O.
You don't see any blood?
They got the bull-fiddle.
I think they got me.
No - nothing.  Besides, it's none of our business if you guys want to knock each other off -
We didn't see anything -  - did we?
Knock it off, will you?
We could've had three weeks in Florida - all expenses paid.  Lying around in the sun - palm trees - frying fish...
I'll think of something.  Don't crowd me.
It's a hundred miles, Joe - it's snowing - how are we going to get there?
It's twelve bucks.  We can get one of the overcoats out of hock.
All the way to Urbana - for a one night stand?
Josephine and Geraldine!  Come on!
Now you're talking!  We pick up a couple of second-hand wigs - a little padding here and there - call ourselves Josephine and Geraldine -
You've flipped your wig!
But, Joe - three weeks in Florida!  We could borrow some clothes from the girls in the chorus -
No.  And he ain't been eating so good, either. He's got an empty stomach and it's gone to his head.
Yeah, that's what he means. Good old Nellie!  I ought to wring her neck!
You mean it's a girls' band?
We're not too late, are we?
Nellie told us about it.
- Type O.
Right.  We have the same blood type...
So I had to rush him to the hospital and give him a transfusion...  Right?
It did?  Boy, did it ever!
Don't you remember?  He has this bad tooth - it got impacted - the whole jaw swole up -
With me?
With you.
Yeah - where were you?
Look at the bull fiddle - it's dressed warmer than I am.
I thought you weren't talking to me.
Greased Lightning!  Why do I listen to you? I ought to have my head examined!
Look, stupid, he's ten to one.  Tomorrow, we'll have twenty overcoats!
But we'll freeze - it's below zero - we'll catch pneumonia.
I told you - it's a sure thing.
Sam the Bookie?  Nothing doing!  You're not putting my overcoat on that dog!
Shut up, will you?  I wonder how much Sam the Bookie will give up for our overcoats?
Of course, the landlady is going to lock us out - Moe said no more knackwurst on credit - and we can't borrow any more from the girls, because they're on their way to jail -
Quiet - I'm thinking.
Well, that solves one problem.  We don't have to worry about who to pay first.
Don't look now - but the whole town is under water!
Suppose Lake Michigan overflows?
Hey, Joe!
Suppose Mary Pickford divorces Douglas Fairbanks?
Jerry-boy - why do you have to paint everything so black? Suppose you get hit by a truck? Suppose the stock market crashes?
But suppose it doesn't?
What are you worried about?  This job is going to last a long time.
But suppose he loses?
Look at those odds - ten to one. If he wins, we can pay everybody.
What are you giving me with the rabbit?
He's a shoo-in.  I got the word from Max the waiter - his brother-in-law is the electrician who wires the rabbit -
You're going to bet my money on a dog?
First thing tomorrow we're going out to the dog track and put the whole bundle on Greased Lightning.
We're not?
No we're not.
First thing tomorrow we're going to pay everybody a little something on account.
Of course I am.
You're right, Joe.
How can you be so selfish?  We owe back rent - we're in four eighty-nine bucks to Moe's Delicatessen - we're being sued by three Chinese lawyers because our check bounced at the laundry - we've borrowed money from every girl in the line -
It's just a little inlay - it doesn't even have to be gold -
Dentist?  We been out of work for four months - and you want to blow your first week's pay on your teeth?
Because I lost a filling in my back tooth. I gotta go to the dentist tomorrow.
Yeah.  Why?
I mean, we get paid tonight, don't we?
I'll say.
Say, Joe - tonight's the night, isn't it?
That's what I call a louse!  If I were you, Sugar, I'd throw that bracelet right back in his face.
He's going to South America to marry some other girl - that's what they call high finance.
Thirty-four.
Junior gave it to me.  It must have at least thirty stones -
I always did.
You like it?
How did you get that bracelet?
And talk about elegant - you should see the yacht - candlelight - mint sauce and cranberries.
What for?
Of course not.  As a matter of fact, it was just the other way around.  You see he needs help.
Did he get fresh?
I know what you need - a slug of bourbon.
I thought I heard voices - and I just had to talk to somebody.  I don't feel like going to sleep.
Yes.
No!
Yes.  He wants me to have supper with him - on his yacht - he's going to pick me up at the pier.
No!
What do you think, Josephine?  What does it say in your crystal ball?
I hope so.
What do you mean, maybe?  I saw the way he looked at you.  He'll be there for sure.
I met one of them.
Oh, come on - you can do better than that.
That's it.  Something tells me she's going to walk through that door in a whole new outfit.
Do you suppose she went out shopping?
Yeah.  This is one for Ripley.
Believe it or not - Josephine predicted the whole thing.
No, no, Sugar - wait.  I have a feeling she's going to show up any minute.
Well, I'll come back later.
That's funny.  Josie -  I can't imagine where she can be.
I guess she's not in here.
Josephine -
Oh yes, we do!
We don't have to run.
Neither can I.  Come on - lets go up to her room and tell her - right now.
Will she be surprised. I just can't wait to see her face -
Yeah - Josephine.
If I'd been watching my step, I never would have met him.  Wait till I tell Josephine.
Sugar, dear - let me give you some advice. If I were a girl - and I am - I'd watch my step.
Now look, Daphne - hands off - I saw him first.
Well, I'll be - !   How about that guy?
Come on, Daphne.
Oh, please do come.  Don't disappoint us. It'll be such fun.  And bring your yacht.
Or was it Bryn Mawr?
I'm a what?
It sleeps twelve.  This is my friend Daphne. She's a Vassar girl.
His yacht?
Vanity Fair?
I recognized him too - his picture was in Vanity Fair.
Okay.
Run along, Daphne - I'll catch up with you.
Come on, Sugar - time to change for dinner.
You're so flat-chested.  Clothes hang so much better on you than they do on me.
What's that?
But there's one thing I envy you for.
That's from carrying around the bull fiddle.
I mean, your shoulders - and your arms -
You should have seen me before I went on a diet.
You know, Daphne - I had no idea you were such a big girl.
Just a little trick I picked up in the elevator.
What do you think you're doing?
She'll rub it on me - and I'll rub it on her - and we'll rub it on each other - bye.
Oh, I have some suntan lotion.
We'll rent some at the bathhouse. How about you, Josephine?
See?  She doesn't have one either -  You don't?
You betcha.
A bunch of us girls are going for a swim. Want to come along?
Here you are, Sugar.
Thank you, Daphne.
I'll carry the instruments.
I'm just going to get some ice.
Not you, Sugar.
Oh, Sugar.  You're going to spoil my surprise.
And bring the cocktail shaker.
We have some bourbon - lets make Manhattans.
Who needs vermouth?
No fair guessing.
Here.  This'll put hair on your chest.
We better have a drink first.
When?
Uh-uh.  Not yet.
What's the surprise?
So spill it.  Spills, thrills, laughs, games - this may even turn out to be a surprise party.
I may spill something.
No - no lights.  We don't want anyone to know we're having a party.
You better put on the lights. I can't see what I'm doing.
I tell you - this is the only way to travel.
Half-full.
How's the bottle?
I'm fine.
You all right?
I know where to get some.  Don't move.
You got some?
Look, Sugar, if you feel you're coming down with something, the best thing is a shot of whiskey.
I have a very low resistance.
I'm not that sick.
Maybe I'd better go before I catch something.
I'm a very sick girl.
What did you say?
I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl -
Let me warm them a little.  There - isn't that better?
Isn't that ridiculous?
And you've got cold feet.
That's ridiculous.
And your head is hot.
That's ridiculous.
Why you poor thing - you're trembling all over.
No, no.
Anything wrong?
Interesting.
When I was a little girl, on cold nights like this, I used to crawl into bed with my sister.  We'd cuddle up under the covers, and pretend we were lost in a dark cave, and were trying to find out way out.
No.  It's nice and cozy.
I'm not crowding you, am I?
Stay as long as you'd like.
I'd better stay here till she goes back to sleep.
We won't tell anybody - not even Josephine.
I don't want her to know we're in cahoots.
Sssh.  Sweet Sue.
And that's one of them.
Oh, I can think of a million things -
If there's anything I can do for you -
It must be freezing outside.  When I think of you - and your poor ukulele -
If it hadn't been for you, they would have kicked me off the train.  I'd be out there in the middle of nowhere, sitting on my ukulele.
It's nothing.  I just think us girls should stick together.
I wanted to thank you for covering for me. You're a real pal.
Oh - Sugar!
Honey - she called me honey.
Good night, honey.
Good night, Sugar.
See you around, girls.
I'll say.
Are my seams straight?
I don't want you to think that I'm a drinker. I can stop any time I want to - only I don't want to.  Especially when I'm blue.
We'll take a rain check.
I don't really have much of a voice - but then it's not much of a band, either.  I'm only with 'em because I'm running away.
She sings, too.
I'm Sugar Cane.
That's us.  I'm Daphne - and this is Josephine.
That's all right.  I was afraid it was Sweet Sue. You won't tell anybody, will you?
Terribly sorry.
OH!
I'm sorry. I was having a nightmare.  Something I ate.  I'm not at all well.  See?  Hot water bottle.
What's the big idea?
I was it.
I thought you said three years.
Yes.  For a whole year.
Didn't you girls say you went to a conservatory?
Oh - those.  I don't know.  Mice?
How did those holes get there?
Oh - here and there - and around.
Where did you girls play before?
This is our manager, Mr. Bienstock. I'm Sweet Sue.
Brand new.
Look, if William Morris doesn't come through -
Hello, Mr. Morris? This is Poliakoff, in Chicago. Say, you wouldn't have a couple of girl musicians available? A sax player and a base?
What's with him - he drinks?
Wait a minute, Joe.  Lets talk this over.  Why couldn't we do it?  Last year, when we played in that gypsy tearoom, we wore gold earrings.  And you remember when you booked us with that Hawaiian band?  Grass skirts!
Yes, I'm holding on.
We could -
- and you got to be girls.
We could dye our hair.
- you got to be blonde -
We could pass for that.
You're the wrong shape.  Goodbye.
What's wrong with us?
The Florida job?
It's about the Florida job.
Well - nobody's perfect.
But you don't understand!  I'm a MAN!
We'll adopt some.
And I can never have children.
I forgive you.
And I have a terrible past.  For three years now, I've been living with a saxophone player.
I don't care.
And I smoke. I smoke all the time.
It doesn't matter.
Well, to begin with, I'm not a natural blonde.
Why not?
Oh, no you don't!  Look, Osgood - I'm going to level with you. We can't get married at all.
We can have it altered.
Osgood - I can't get married in your mother's dress.  She and I - we' not built the same way.
I called Mama - she was so happy she cried - she wants you to have her wedding gown - it's white lace.
Flower girl.
Another bridesmaid?
Come one!
Pleased to meet you.
This is my friend Josephine - she's going to be a bridesmaid.
Sorry.
You're leading again.
Yes, Osgood?
Daphne...
You're a pretty hot little firecracker yourself.
You know something, Mr. Fielding? You're dynamite!
They got a Cuban band that's the berries. Why don't we go there - blindfold the orchestra - and tango till dawn?
About that roadhouse -
Who?
Well, I'll be - !  He does have a bicycle.
Well, then, why don't we go dancing? I know a little road-house, down the coast -
I'll throw up!
But it's such a waste - a full moon - an empty yacht -
No, thank you.  I'll walk.
Please.  It won't happen again.
Oh, you don't get off that easy.
This is where I get off.
Goodbye?
Goodbye, Mr. Fielding.
She doesn't approve of girls who smoke.
Why?
My last wife was an acrobatic dancer - you know, sort of a contortionist - she could smoke a cigarette while holding it between her toes - Zowie! - but Mama broke it up.
Wanna bet?
You must be quite a girl.
Most of the time I slap it.
Fascinating.  Do you use a bow or do you just pluck it?
Bull fiddle.
Oh, of course.  which of these instruments do you play?
Sorry.  I'll be on the bandstand.
If I promise not to be a naughty boy - how about dinner tonight?
Well, pull in your reel, Mr. Fielding. You're barking up the wrong fish.
So this year, when George White's Scandals opened, she packed me off to Florida.  Right now she thinks I'm out there on my yacht - deep-sea fishing.
I'm not surprised.
Mama is keeping score.  Frankly, she's getting rather annoyed with me
You're not sure?
No - it's showgirls.  I've been married seven or eight times.
You invest in shows?
Yes, indeed.  It's cost my family quite a bit of money.
You don't say.
You know, I've always been fascinated by show business.
Personally, I'm Type O.
It certainly is delightful to have some young blood around here.
Thank you.  Aren't you a sweetheart?
Let me carry one of the instruments.
Me too.  Bye now.
If there is one thing I admire, it's a girl with a shapely ankle.
I am Cinderella the Second.
I am Osgood Fielding the Third.
Help yourself.
Just a moment, miss -  May I?
That's good thinking.  Daphne's a push-over for him.
Oh, that's all taken care of.  I'm giving them shore leave.  We'll have a little cold pheasant - and champagne - and I checked with the Coast Guard - there'll be a full moon tonight - oh, and tell her I got a new batch of Rudy Vallee records -
Just the two of you?  What about the crew?
The New Caledonia.  That's the name of it.  The Old Caledonia went down during a wild party off Cape Hatteras.  But tell her not to worry - this is going to be a quiet little midnight snack - just the two of us.
Got it.  Supper - yacht - after the show - I'll tell her.  Your yacht?
Well, it is to me.  Will you give her a message?  I'd like her to have a little supper with me on my yacht after the show tonight.
This is her roommate.  Daphne can't talk right now.  Is it anything urgent?
Oh, no!
I don't mean to be forward - but ain't I had the pleasure of meeting you two broads before?
You won't breathe nothing' - not even air.
We won't breathe a word.
I don't like no witnesses.
You ain't going nowhere.
To Urbana.  It's a hundred miles.
Wait a minute.  Where do you think you're going?
We're just a couple of musicians - we come to pick up a car - Nellie Weinmeyer's car - there's a dance tonight -  Come on, Jerry.
Don't I know you two from somewhere?
My car?  Why, you -
Good!  Then you won't be needing your car.
Yes, Joe.
And you'll be in all evening?
I'm not doing anything.  I just thought I'd go home and have some cold pizza -
Because I got some plans -
Why?
Please, Jerry - that's no way to talk.  Nellie baby - what are you doing tonight?
It's three weeks in Florida -
What's the job?
The minute we get a job, I'm going to take you out to the swellest restaurant -
You're making it up pretty good so far.
Nellie baby, I'll make it up to you.
Oh?
What a heel!  I spend four dollars to get my hair marcelled, I buy me a new negligee, I bake him a great big pizza pie...  - and where were you?
Now look, Nellie - if it's about last Saturday night - I can explain everything.
Thank you.
Oh, it's you!  You got a lot of nerve -
Anything today?
You got it.  It's six dollars a man.  Be on the campus in Urbana at eight o'clock -
We'll take it!
Look, if you boys want to pick up a little money tonight -  At the University of Illinois they are having - you should excuse the expression - a St. Valentine's dance.
William Morris!
No, we couldn't!
You got to be under twenty-five -
What kind of band is this, anyway?
It's not the backs that worry me.
The wrong shape?  You looking for hunchbacks or something?
The instruments are right, but you are not.  I want to speak to Mr. Morris.
You need a bass and a sax, don't you?
What are you - a couple of comedians? Get out of here!  Long distance?  Get me the William Morris Agency in New York.
Nellie, get me long distance.  What is it?
Hey, Sig - can we talk to you?
There are two things I will not put up with during working hours.  One is liquor - and the other one is men.
We got time off for good behavior.
All right - lets take it from the top. And put a little heat under it, will you?
We got it second-hand.
Would you mind rejoining the living? Goose it up a little.
No - funerals.
Hey, Sheboygan - you two - what was your last job - playing square dances?
Yes, we're the new girls.
You two from the Poliakoff Agency?
Well, here we are.
That's right - pour it on.  Talk me out of it.
Do yourself a favor - go back where the millionaires are - the sweet end of the lollipop - not the cole slaw in the face and the old socks and the squeezed-out tube of toothpaste -
I know.  Every time!
You don't want me, Sugar - I'm a liar and a phony - a saxophone player - one of those no-goodnicks you've been running away from -
I told you - I'm not very bright.
Sugar!  What do you think you're doing?
How can I?  No matter where I go, there'll always be a Shell station on the corner.  I'll bring this back when it's empty.
You'll forget him, Sugar.
He was the first nice guy I ever met in my life - and the only one who ever gave me anything.
Daphne -
I don't know.  All of a sudden, I'm thirsty.
What's the matter, Sugar?
Goodbye, my darling.
Well, anchors aweigh, you have a bon voyage.  And if you need an orchestra to play at your wedding, we'll be through here in a couple of weeks.
Oh.  The navigator just came in - we're ready to cast off.
I didn't do anything.  It just happened.
Not always.  But I want you to know I'm very grateful for what you did for me.
Real diamonds.  They must be worth their weight in gold.  Are you always this generous?
What's what?  Oh, that.  just a little going away present.
Yes, they're here.  Oh - white orchids.  Would you believe it - I haven't had white orchids since I was a debutante.  What's this?
Smart move.  Oh, by the way - did you get my flowers? You know, those orchids from my greenhouse - the fog finally lifted over Long Island, and they flew them down this morning.
But you have.  You've given me all that inside information - first thing tomorrow I'm going to call my broker and have him buy fifty thousand shares of Venezuelan oil.
I only wish there were something I could do for you.
I knew you would.
Oh, of course.  I understand.  At least, I think I do.
According to our tax advisers, she's only so-so.  But - that's the way the oil gushes. A man in my position has a certain responsibility to the stockholders - all those little people who invest their life savings -
Oh - that kind of a merger.  Is she young? Pretty?
It's all rather complicated - what we call high finance - but it so happens that the president of the Venezuelan syndicate has a daughter, and -
You're not?
Quite a while.  As a matter of fact, I'm not coming back at all.
A merger?  How long will you be gone?
You see, we have those oil interests in Venezuela - and I just got a cable from Dad - the board of directors decided on a merger.
Where to?  South America?  Oh. That is unexpected.
Not tomorrow, either.  You see, I have to leave - something unexpected came up - I'm sailing right away.
Tomorrow night?
I'm afraid not.  I can't make it tonight.
I'll meet you on the pier again - right after the show.
Yes.  Now about our date for tonight...
That's funny - I never slept better.  And I had the most wonderful dream.  I was still on the yacht, and the anchor broke loose - and we drifted for days and days - you were the captain and I was the crew - I kept a lookout for icebergs, and I sorted your shells, and mixed your cocktails, and wiped the steam off your glasses - and when I woke up, I felt like swimming right back to you.
Daphne has a beau - I have a beau - if we could only find somebody for you.
Me?
That's wonderful.  Poor Josephine.
From a rich millionaire.
Really?
I'm going to see him again tonight - and every night - I think he's going to propose to me - as soon as he gets up his nerve.
Gee, I wish I'd been there.
Nice?  It was suicidally beautiful.
Did you have a nice time?
Oh, no.  I'm off that stuff - for good.
Let's make it an even million.
Eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
How much do I owe the Milk Fund so far?
Good morning.
Good night.
Oh, you know - Junior League - charity bazaars - I used to sell kisses for the Milk Fund.
Where did you learn to kiss like that?
Mineral baths - now really!
They told me I was caputt - finished - washed up - and now you're making a chump out of all those experts.
Thank you.
I never knew it could be like this.
I must be - because your glasses are beginning to steam up.
I think you're on the right track.
Lets throw another log on the fire.
I got a funny sensation in my toes - like somebody was barbecuing them over a slow flame.
I'm not quite sure.  Try it again.
Well - ?
So inhale!
It's like smoking without inhaling.
You're not giving yourself a chance. Don't fight it.  Relax. 
Look, it's terribly sweet of you to want to help out - but it's no use.  I think the light switch is over there -  - and that's the radio.  It's like taking somebody to a concert when he's tone deaf.
Would you like a little more champagne?  And maybe if we had some music -  - how do you dim these lights?
I'm afraid not.  Terribly sorry.
Anything this time?
All right - if you insist.
I may not be Dr. Freud or a Mayo Brother or one of those French upstairs girls - but could I take another crack at it?
What is it?
Would you do me a favor?
If I ever found a girl that could - I'd marry her like that.
Don't talk like that.  I'm sure there must be some girl some place that could -
I have.  Spent six months in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back -  - then there were the Mayo Brothers - and injections and hypnosis and mineral baths - if I weren't such a coward, I'd kill myself.
Maybe if you saw a good doctor...
Thanks just the same.
Is that anything?
Why?
Have you ever tried American girls?
My family did everything they could - hired the most beautiful French upstairs maids - got a special tutor to read me all the books that were banned in Boston - imported a whole troupe of Balinese dancers with bells on their ankles and those long fingernails - what a waste of money!
Is it that hopeless?
What else is there for me? 
How can you think about food at a time like this?
Yes - all the money in the world - but what good is it?  Mint sauce or cranberries?
You poor, poor boy.
Ever since then -  numb - no feelings.  Like my heart was shot full of novocaine.
Talk about sad.
Yes.  Eight hours later they brought her up by mule - I gave her three transfusions - we had the same blood type - Type O - it was too late.
Oh, no!
Well, it was my freshman year at Princeton - there was this girl - her name was Nellie - her father was vice-president of Hupmobile - she wore glasses, too.  That summer we spent our vacation at the Grand Canyon - we were standing on the highest ledge, watching the sunset - suddenly we had an impulse to kiss - I took off my glasses - I took a step toward her - she took a step toward me -
Oh, you couldn't possibly.
I don't want to bore you.
What happened?
Not anymore.  I was in love once - but I'd rather not talk about it.  How about a little cold pheasant?
You mean you can't fall in love?
Oh, it's not your fault.  It's just that every now and then Mother Nature throws somebody a dirty curve.  Something goes wrong inside.
That makes me feel just awful.
Complete washout.
Nothing at all?
See?  Nothing.
Have I?  I'm trying all the time.
Have you tried?
It's more like a mental block.  When I'm with girls, it does nothing to me.
You mean - like frigid?
They just sort of leave me cold.
What thing?
Well, I don't know how to put it - but I have this thing about girls.
Harmless - how?
Oh, it's not that. It's just that I'm - harmless.
Well, of course, I'm sure you're a gentleman.
You're flattering me.
It's not the icebergs.  But there are certain men who would try to take advantage of a situation like this.
Oh, it's perfectly safe.  We're well anchored - the ship is in shipshape - and the Coast Guard promised to call me if there are any icebergs around.
You know, I've never been completely alone with a man before - in the middle of the night - in the middle of the ocean.
Completely.
You mean we're alone on the boat?
It's the crews' night off.
What's on Thursdays?
Yea, of course.  Now where could they have put it?  On Thursdays, I'm sort of lost around here.
Where's your shell collection?
I'll say.  I had two ponies drowned under me.
Water polo - isn't that terribly dangerous?
Trophies.  You know - skeet-shooing, dog-breeding, water polo...
Look at all that silverware.
Bon voyage.
Down the hatch - as we say at sea.
I don't mind if I do.
Champagne?
They shrink when they're marinated.
A herring?  Isn't it amazing how they get those big fish into those little glass jars?
Oh - a member of the herring family.
What is it?
Caught him off Cape Hatteras.
What a beautiful fish.
It's all right for a bachelor.
It's exquisite - like a floating mansion.
Of course.  On Thursdays, they always serve me in the small salon.
Oh - in here.
Yes - that's our hurricane cellar.
Oh, you have an upstairs and a downstairs.
Yes - now let's see - where do you suppose the steward set it up?
Love it.  Which way?
Well, that depends - on whether you're coming or going - I mean, normally the aft is on the other side of the stern - and that's the bridge - so you can get from one side of the boat to the other - how about a glass of champagne?
My dad is more interested in railroads. Baltimore and Ohio.  Which is the port and which is the starboard?
Mother keeps hers in Southampton - and Dad took his to Venezuela - the company is laying a new pipe line.
Three?
Just regulation size.  We have three like this.
It looked so small from the beach - but when you're on it, it's more like a cruiser - or a destroyer.
It's not how long it takes - it's who's taking you.
Do you mind riding backwards? It may take a little longer -
Looks like they're on the wrong track.
I just got this motorboat - it's an experimental model.
It's sort of funny - you being out of gas - I mean, Shell Oil and everything -
I seem to be out of gas.
It's the thought that counts.
I wanted them to fly down some orchids from our greenhouse but all of Long Island is fogged in.
Thank you.  And thank you for the flowers.
It's not how long you wait - it's who you're waiting for.
Been waiting long?
Oh, Josephine - just imagine - me, Sugar Kowalczyk, from Sandusky, Ohio, on a millionaire's yacht.  If my mother could only see me now -
You heard her - yes.
For me?  It's Shell Oil.
Well, you know how those millionaires are.  These came for you.
I guess he's not going to show up - it's give minutes to one - you suppose he forgot?
Because he said he's coming to hear us play - maybe.
I am?
Anyway, you're going to meet him tonight.
Shells?  Whatever for?
Oh, I'm not going to let this one get away. He's so cute - collects shells.
Maybe you'd better go after him - if you don't want to lose him.
Well, he's young and handsome and a bachelor - and he's a real gentleman - not one of these grabbers.
You don't say!
Shell Oil, Junior.  He's got millions - he's got glasses - and he's got a yacht.
One of whom?
They repealed Prohibition?
Guess!
What?
The most wonderful thing happened -
Oh, I didn't hear you come in.
Josephine.
If it's at all possible -
And you will come to hear us tonight?
It's been delightful meeting you both.
Well, I guess I'd better go -
Yes, you're in the way.  He's waiting for a signal from his yacht.
Would you mind moving along, please?
Please - no names.  Just call me Junior.
Shell Oil?
Yes.  So did my father and my grandfather - we've all had this passion for shells - that's why we named the oil company after it.
You collect shells?
It's on the account of the shells. That's my hobby.
Oh?
I only come ashore twice a day - when the tide goes out.
Why?
I'd like to - but it may be rather difficult.
I thought you might like to come to the hotel and hear us play.
Tonight?
Maybe I'll tell you when I know you a little better.  What are you doing tonight?
What theory?
You see, I have this theory about men with glasses.
I beg your pardon?
You're very kind.  I'll bet you're also very gentle - and helpless -
You know, it's amazing we never ran into each other before.  I'm sure I would have remembered anybody as attractive as you.
- and always the same Four Hundred.
- riding to hounds -
- opening of the Opera -
- Inauguration balls -
They do indeed.  Daddy threatened to cut me off without a cent, but I don't care. It was such a bore - coming-out parties, cotillions -
Good school!  And your family doesn't object to your career?
So do I.  as a matter of fact, I spent three years at the Sheboygan Conservatory of Music.
Oh.  Well, I guess some like it hot.  But personally, I prefer classical music.
Yeah.  Real hot.
Syncopators - does that mean you play that fast music - jazz?
Oh, yes.  Quite.  You know - Vassar, Bryn Mawr - we're only doing this for a lark.
You're society girls?
Well - a group of us are appearing at the hotel. Sweet Sue and Her Society Syncopators.
For your own amusement?
No - the ukulele.  And I sing.
Could be.  Do you play the market?
I'll bet just while we were talking, you made like a hundred thousand dollars.
Up, up, up.
How's the stock market?
That's very interesting.
Well, I'm not.
I'm not interested at all.
No, my cocktail steward.  Look, if you're interested in whether I'm married or not -
And who mixes the cocktails - your wife?
No, my flag steward.
I quite agree.  Tell me, who runs up that flat - your wife?
Certainly not.  with all that unrest in the world, I don't think anybody should have a yacht that sleeps more than twelve.
Which one is yours - the big one?
You have a yacht?
They run up a red-and-white flag on the yacht when it's time for cocktails.
Your view of what?
Would you mind moving just a little? You're blocking my view.
That must be it.
Possible you saw it in a newspaper - or magazine - Vanity Fair -
Your face is familiar.
Not at all.
Are you staying at the hotel?
Not very likely.
Haven't I seen you somewhere before?
Now, really -
Who are you?
Thank you.
Well, don't worry.  I won't sue you - no matter who you are.
Because usually, when people find out who I am, they get themselves a wheel chair and a shyster lawyer, and sue me for a quarter of a million dollars.
Why?
I wish you'd make sure.
I don't think so.
You're not hurt, are you?
My fault.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
She doesn't need one.  I don't have one either.
Wait a minute, Daphne.  You haven't got a bathing suit.
Just my feminine intuition.
What makes you so sure?
Forget it, Sugar, will you?  Forget about saxophone players.  You're going to meet a millionaire - a young one.
What else?  And was I ever crazy about him. Two in the morning, he sent me down for knackwurst and potato salad - they were out of potato salad, so I brought coleslaw - so he threw it right in my face.
Saxophone player?
414 - that's the same room number I had in Cincinnati - my last time around with a male band. What a heel he was.
So do I.  But don't worry - we'll be seeing a lot of each other.
I wish they'd put us in the same room.
Seventy-five.  That's three-quarters of a century.  Makes a girl think.
I'll bet there isn't one of them under seventy-five.
Well, there they are - more millionaires than you can shake a stick at.
Good night, Sugar.
Thanks, honey.
Not at all.
Would you mind terribly?
Want to switch berths with me?
Bienstock.  He snores to beat the band. We cut cards to see who sleeps over him, and I always lose.  Wouldn't you know?
Why not?
I might as well stay in there. I won't be able to sleep anyway.
Okay, Sugar - all clear.  You better go back to bed.
Search me.  I mean - I'll see.
What's happened?
I hope this time you wind up with the sweet end of the lollipop.
Happy days.
They get those weak eyes from reading - you know, all those long columns of tiny figures in the Wall Street Journal.
Well, now that you've mentioned it -
Men who wear glasses are so much more gentle and sweet and helpless. Haven't you ever noticed?
Glasses?
I want mine to wear glasses.
Yeah.  With money like Rockefeller, and shoulders like Johnny Weismuller -
Maybe you'll meet one too, Josephine.
You're entitled.
Oh, I don't care how rich he is - as long as he has a yacht and his own private railroad car and his own toothpaste.
Going to catch yourself a rich bird?
Millionaires.  Flocks of them.  They all go south for the winter.  Like birds.
What's in Florida?
About the future.  You know - like a husband?  That's why I'm glad we're going to Florida.
About what?
That's a quarter of a century. Makes a girl think.
You are?
You know I'm going to be twenty-five in June?
I can tell you one thing - it's not going to happen to me again.  Ever. I'm tired of getting the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
Brains aren't everything.
So you pull yourself together and you go on to the next job, and the next saxophone player, and it's the same thing all over again.  See what I mean? - not very bright.
Men!
Then one morning you wake up and the saxophone is gone and the guy is gone, and all that's left behind is a pair of old socks and a tube of toothpaste, all squeezed out.
You don't say?
You don't know what they're like. You fall for them and you love 'em - you think it's going to be the biggest thing since the Graf Zeppelin - and the next thing you know they're borrowing money from you and spending it on other dames and betting on the horses -
Yeah.
That's why I joined this band. Safety first.  Anything to get away from those bums.
Yeah.
But you're a girl, thank goodness.
You know - I play tenor sax.
Every time!
That so?
Especially tenor sax.  I don't know what it is, but they just curdle me.  All they have to do is play eight bars of "Come to Me My Melancholy Baby" - and my spine turns to custard, and I get goose-pimply all over - and I come to them.
Really?
You see, I have this thing about saxophone players.
Bingo?
I can't trust myself.  The moment I'd start with a new band - bingo!
You can't trust those guys.
I'll say.
Rough?
That's what I'm running away from. I worked with six different ones in the last two years.  Oh, brother!
Me?
Have you ever been with a male band?
Afford it?
I used to sing with male bands. But I can't afford it any more.
Then why did you take this job?
No, just dumb.  If I had any brains, I wouldn't be on this crummy train with this crummy girls' band.
I wouldn't say that.  Careless, maybe.
I'm not very bright, I guess.
If Bienstock catches you again - What's the matter with you, anyway?
Better keep a lookout.
Sugar, you're going to get yourself into a lot of trouble.
Put it here.
All the girls drink - but I'm the one that gets caught.  That's the story of my life. I always get the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
We understand.
Don't get me started on that.  Want a drink?  It's bourbon.
Running away?  From what?
I play the ukulele.  And I sing too.
Oh.
On the Baltimore and Ohio.
Where did he conduct?
Yes.  I come from a very musical family. My mother is a piano teacher and my father was a conductor.
If they catch me once more, they'll boot me out of the band.  You the replacement for the bass and the sax?
Tell what?
Show the gentleman to the chapel - pew number three.
Where are they holding the wake? I'm supposed to be one of the pallbearers.
PLEASE!
That's because I've been on the wagon.
I don't believe I've seen you at any of our services before.
I come to the old lady's funeral.
Good evening, sir.
Some people got no respect for the dead.
Who's going to raid a funeral?
Better bring the check now - in case the joint gets raided.
Sorry, sir.  That's reserved for members of the immediate family.
Haven't you got another pew - not so close to the band?  How about that one?
Make is Scotch.  A demitasse. With a little soda on the side.
Scotch coffee, Canadian coffee, sour-mash coffee...
Coffee?
Sorry, sir, we only serve coffee.
Booze.
What'll it be, sir?
You boys know anything about any garage - or any witnesses?
Me and those two witnesses whom your lawyers have been looking for all over Chicago.
You and who else?
Quit kidding.  You did that vulcanizing job on Toothpick Charlie - and we know it.
I sleep with my spats on.
You shave with your spats on?
I cut myself shaving.
Because the day after the shooting you sent in a pair of spats - they had blood on them.
Why?
Ever hear of the DeLuxe French Cleaners on Wabash Avenue?
Clark Street?  Never heard of it.
Where did they play it - in a garage on Clark Street?
That's an opera, you ignoramus.
What's his first name?  And where does he live?
Me?  I was at Rigoletto.
Say, Maestro - where were you at three o'clock on St. Valentine's Day?
Big joke!
I heard you opera-lovers were having a little rally - so I thought I better be around in case anybody decides to sing.
Hello, copper.  What brings you down to Florida?
Well, Spats Colombo - if I were saw one.
These are my lawyers - all Harvard men.
If you want to, you can call your lawyer.
You're wasting the taxpayers' money.
Toothpick Charlie?  Never heard of him.
From who?  Toothpick Charlie, maybe?
We got different information.
Mozarella?  Never heard of him.
Come on, Spats - we know you own this joint.  Mozarella is just fronting for you.
Me?  I'm just a customer here.
Embalming people with coffee - eighty-six proof.
Big joke.  Who's the rap this time?
You'll like it there.  I'll have the prison tailor fit you with a pair of special spats - striped!
I never join nothin'.
A little country club we run for retired bootleggers.  I'm gonna put your name up for membership.
Go where?
Okay, Spats - the services are over. Lets go.
Goodbye, Charlie.
Look, Chief - I better blow now, because if Spats Colombo sees me, it's Goodbye Charlie.
Okay, Charlie.
If you want a ringside table, tell 'em you're one of the pall bearers.
Thanks, Charlie.
I come to Grandma's funeral.  Here's your admission card.
That's very refreshing. Now what's the password?
Spats Colombo.
Refresh my memory.
I already told you.
And who runs it?
Yes, sir.
All right, Charlie - this the joint?
Orders from Little Bonaparte.
What for?
Yeah.  You never know who's going to be next.  Okay, Spats.  Report to the Sergeant- at-Arms.
Well, we all got to go sometime.
We thought you was all broken up about Toothpick Charlie.
Why wouldn't I?
Hi, Spats.  We was laying eight to one you wouldn't show.
No, Spats - no, no, no -  NO!
Too bad, Charlie.  You would have had three eights.  Goodbye, Charlie!
Honest, Spats.  I had nothing to do with it.
So now I got all those coffins on my hands - and I hate to see them go to waste.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, I wouldn't say that.  You were nice enough to recommend my mortuary to some of your friends...
You don't owe me no nothing.
Just dropped in to pay my respects.
What is it, Spats?  What do you want here?
Hello, Charlie.  Long time no see.
Yeah. Most important day of my life. Whatever. Listen, I chose you to be my Maid of Honor for a lot of reasons: I love you, youre my favorite, and only, half-sister, blah blah blah. But the main reason I picked you is because youve been so miserable for the past few years, I knew you wouldnt outshine me.  But here it is, my big day. My big day. And something doesnt feel right. Maybe it was that pep talk you gave me last night, I dont know, but your misery just isnt working for me anymore.
Wow. You look beautiful.
Sure, disappear. Weve been walking away our whole lives.
You know what? Im not having this conversation right now.
Hey.
Hey.
You practically bribed him with your erector set.
So Tony Pee-Pants starts ignoring Kat. He wanted to play with me.
We were eating and puking together in harmony until one day, Tony walked me home from school. He was my first boyfriend.  I was fourteen.
Im fine. I promise.
Are you sure youre okay?
I should get going.
What? Why? What do you mean?
God, Kat! Please. Dont be nice to me. I can take anything right now but you being nice to me.
But I do. I will. Youre my sister.
When I freaked out at the pub?  That was nothing, just nerves. Dont worry about it.
Do you want to come in for a minute? We could talk about--
The wedding.  I am so, so bad! I dont think I should be allowed to get married.
Pub Golf?
I dont think I can go through with this.
Bacardi 151.
Why dont you get my half sister her seventh hole?
Drunk isnt the same thing as happy, Amy.
Oh, shut up and be happy. Its always this or that. Youre never happy, you frowny-faced Grumplestilskin.
Christ, Amy.
Did Amy tell you she keeps her Homecoming tiara by the bed?
Did Kat tell you she dumped you because of your funky breath?
But Im not taking your name, buster. Im a feminist!  I need icey! Mr. husband-man, get me more icey!
Except its Scotch.
Perfect. All ginny.
Exactly! Todays my day. Tomorrow will be my day. And the day after that? My day.
Theres finally a reason for the whole world to revolve around you?
You know what I love about all this?
And she wonders why I swim to the bottom of a Lemondrop every time I see her.
Or Kat....
If Ed ever found out....
Still--
It was such a long time ago.
Actually, I do.
You know all that if these walls could talk stuff? Do you believe it? That a place has a memory?
To make sure youre okay.
What for?
Sorry to interrupt. Your dad sent me.
Its not me. I swear. Its her. Shes magic.
Fred Astaire and whats her face!
Last night?
Jeffrey told her last night.
Does Kat know?
I knew you were still seeing someone else when we finally got together. I never in a million years would have dreamt it was Jeffrey.
Say something. Please.
Your probably best off pretending youre asleep.
Whatever you do, dont mention Italy. Or politics. Or baby buggies.  Or Edith Piaf.
Youd better get going. My parents will be round to cart you off to the country.
So she flirted with Tony, and you got mad and sent him away. Who did that leave?  You and Amy. Reunited.
She did?
Anyway, when that boy came over, it was the first time you ever did anything without her.  And Amy wasnt just jealous...she was sad and lonely. She missed you.
Mom, please.
Before Tony, you and your sister were best friends. I couldnt split you up. If your sister ate the spinach, you ate the spinach. If you threw up--.
Trust me. This is bigger than Tony Pee-Pants.
Theres a reason I always tell that Tony Pee-Pants story, you know.
I was pretty hard on her last night.  And now shes getting married.
Whats going on with you two?
So Dad rang the bell and when Tony Pee-Pants opened the door, I threw the tart at him and popped his stitches.
Im an American and in America, people sue. So to prevent a lawsuit, I baked a tart. And I dont bake.
It was just after we moved here. My little girls got in a fight over Tony Pee-Pants and they havent made up since.
She blames Tony Pee-Pants Pinterello for everything. The fall of the British Empire, the Cold War, the internet.
Why should this be any different?  Besides, I have to initiate Nick into the family.
Oh, no.  She tells this story at every major holiday.
I blame Tony Pee-Pants!
Oh, dont be that way.
Id be happy to. Youre welcome.
Sir, yes, sir!
Im sure General Eisenhower never had to master the finer points of the seating chart and centerpieces.  Oh, and tomorrow afternoon you are carpooling to the country with the Fletcher-Wootens.
Moms refining her strategy for DDay.
Im not as square as my daughter thinks.
Huh?
My mother has a rule about men and women sleeping in the same room without a ring in the picture. She thinks its--
Why, with you.
Wheres Nick sleeping?
Yeah.
I figured you could pick up your car tomorrow.
You heading to the train station?
Yeah, kind of.
I look like a total wanker, dont I?
Dont be ridiculous. Its late and the place is empty. Just take my car.
Ill just check into a hotel.
Fair enough, but Im stepping on toes here and youre waltzing around like...
I had to say something to get you here.
I thought you said you were crap.
Im a hooker.
I think I love you, mate.  How do you know so much about so much?
Its been my experience that the people who hire a prostitute, need a prostitute.  You did the right thing.
Just because some slags been paid for, doesnt mean youve got to...you know.
You are taking the piss?
Um, just about everyone.
Whos ever heard of dance lessons for a wedding, honestly?
Doesnt look like nothing.
Nothing.
And you do now?
I didnt deserve her back then.
Lasik surgeon, actually.
Oh, shut up. Youre an optician.
Thats when I realized I wanted to be a doctor.
But, somehow, it was Kats arse that was stung by nettles. And you rubbed it with a dandelion leaf.
And Kat was fully clothed.
Oh, yes. Right. The Rat and Parrot.
It was before you started going out. We had lunch at that inn on the lake.
No.
Remember when we went hiking in the lake district and Amy was wearing that little bikini thing.
No, thats not it.
Other than, hes shagging your exgirlfriend?
Theres something about him thats just a bit odd.
What?
Whats his problem?
No, I cant. Were late for a dance lesson. I guess youll have to finish up later.
Sorry, can you give us a moment?
Hey, man.
You Yanks and your therapy. Its great.  Its all a bit too touchy-feely for me.
No, tell me.
Nothing, nothing.
What?
Crikey.
Shrink, actually.
Ah, a philosopher.
Oh, hello.
Hey.
I shagged Amy. Two years ago. Thats why I ended it. And then, after you left, sod it, we kept at it like rabbits until we both realized it was absolutely mad. And, you know, morally wrong. Then there was that one other time. And that was it.
Im sorry?
I slept with your sister.
Its the past. Its nothing but ghosts. So just get it off your chest, then lets go back upstairs and eat some tiramisu.
Well, it was a big deal. As late as...yesterday. Or this morning.  But not anymore.
Brilliant.
Relax. Take a breath and just say it. Its no big deal. I promise.
Bollocks, Im sorry. I had no idea this would be so difficult.
When we were together I was too here, now Im not here enough.
Youre not even listening.
Its not supposed to be anything, Kat. Its just my rather feeble attempt to.... Oh, I dont know.  You see, I thought I could deny my feelings--
Is this supposed to be an apology?
Well, we had a lot of good years, but then...
Not for a dog.
Right. Seven.  Christ, thats a long time, isnt it?
Seven if you count the on-and-off years. Which I do.
You were so good to me. I swear I never meant to hurt you. We were together what, five years?
I should have told you why I broke up with you. I was a coward. You deserve to know.
So, whats your point?
It was. And it took your sister getting married to get you back here.
That was a long time ago.
Kat, stop it. You do. You cant even look me in the eye. You went back to the States when we split up.
Um, news flash: I dont give a shit.
Kat, wait. I dont want you hating me. Weve never had this talk. You know how crap I am at this.
Is that why you brought him? Because of me.
Its called character. God, youre predictable.
Kat, we must talk. This guy, theres something not quite right.
Whoa, Jeffrey. Slow down. You and me, were the past. Im not sure if you noticed, but Im here with someone else.
I have regrets.
So, tell me, hows unmarried life?
Maybe not her least... Theres always--
Let me guess. Amy presumed Id forget the rings.  I think Im her least favorite person.  You know, I am sorry.
Hey, you!
Hey, yourself.  I see youve met my ex.
Hey, Kat.
Yeah?
Seeing you again....
Hello, Katmandu.
Why, Jeffrey. Hello.
Thank you.
Nice speech. I thought it was touching... and funny.
I have to.  Im the best man.
What?! No, no. You cant--
I should go.
Hi.
Hi.
Go ahead, Kat. Hate me. You were running out of steam on the whole Jeffrey thing. Maybe now youll be able to hold onto this just long enough to ruin your next relationship.
Youre right. I was so desperate to make everyone believe I was happy that I spent six grand on a lie. And after all that? The only one who ended up falling for it was me.
Youre judging me?! Oh, thats a good one. Youre lying to me, youre lying to your family, and youre lying to yourself. But youre going to stand there and point a finger at me? The man you hired to pretend to be your boyfriend?
You let me make a fool of myself! You lied to me! I dont know why that surprises me because lying is what you do. Its your job. Its who you are. How would you even know if something were real?
Yeah! For all I know, come Monday morning, well go back to the real world and...and youll be hiring me for your best friend!
Youve always got that to hide behind, dont you? Its just business!
Besides, you hired me for my discretion.
So whats with the nickname?
He bled a bunch, but no, there was no peeing.
And thats when he peed in his pants? After the tart?
I didnt say he was worth it.
Fourteen and hes hoodwinked by a an erector set?
Yeah.
Yeah. You?
Spontaneously combust?
What would you do if you stopped worrying about what other people think?
Make out with you for free.
What would you do if you weren't an escort?
Desperation?
There was something in your voice on the phone that day.
So, whyd you say yes to me?
When I said Id never done a wedding before, I didnt say that no one ever asked. I just never said yes.
Sure, but its never easy. They say theyre okay with it, and they are...for a while. Then one day, theyre not.
You have had girlfriends?
Its my job.
Im sorry I was such a bitch. I really appreciate your doing this.
You paid me for a lot of reasons. Closure wasnt one of them.
He was about to un-stick me!  I paid you to help me get closure.
I just hate seeing you so stuck.
Oh, cut the crap!
Hello, goodbye, I want you, I hate you. Its all just words. None of it means anything. What matters is what you do. You either stay put or you walk away. If you look back, youre not walking away!
Yup. Thats why you get to keep your money.
But nothing did.
Believe me, if anything had happened, that would have been one of the highlights. For you.
What?
No, no. The three hundred is for you doing it to me.
And what if I didnt want you to...to do that to me?
Not dollars. Pounds.
So youre telling me. If something had happened last night...it would have cost me fourteen hundred dollars? Thats a down payment on a Ford Focus!
Not if you take an advance on your credit card.
Dont they have a limit at those machines?
If I was going to charge you, I would have told you beforehand. I thought I explained that.
Of course not. How...how could it be? Nothing happened.
Is this for last night?
We kissed. Made out a little. Then you passed out.
Are you sure?
Ive got this bad taste in my mouth. What is it? I think its the words: morally repugnant.
Come on.
Show me.
Its hard to explain.
I disappear. Its not about me.
Subtle?
Oh, come on. Youre like the Yoda of escorts.
I swear. I dont have a signature move.
Okay.
Dont stop asking questions, okay?
This is awkward for me.  Talking about it makes me feel better.
I love that youre asking questions, but do you really want to get into all of this?
My sixth-grade science project was entitled, Love Hurts: The Heartbreak of Human Papillomavirus. Trust me, Im careful.
Theres a guy on 81st and Madison. You get your results in 24 hours.  Do you make your lovers get tested before you sleep with them?
What do you think?
I guess so.
Are you asking me if Im gay for pay?
When youre ready to let go, to be unsingle and unmiserable, you will. Until then....
What?!
Yes.
First of all, its never out of the blue. And second of all--
So...what was I...oh, yeah. Do you honestly think that I want to be single and miserable? That I want to be obsessed with some asshole who led me on for years then -- out of the blue -- shattered my heart.
Admit it. You were disturbed, but ultimately moved.
And you thought Id respond to the hippie stripper with no boundaries?
I have a different story for every woman who asks. I look at her and figure out what she needs to hear to feel okay about being with me.
You shit!
Yeah. As an adult, I needed to find some way to experience intimacy and sex, but with rules that couldnt be violated.
Oh, no.
The real story is that my mother was a hippie. And a stripper. She was insanely inappropriate with me. She used to wash her lingerie in my bathwater. While I was still in the bath.
Shampoo, got it!
Would you grab my shampoo?
If it makes you feel any better, to get your number, I had to cough up two round-trip tickets to Amsterdam and a case of mini-Baileys.
Your friend guaranteed my anonymity.
I have a friend at the magazine.
How did you know that was me?
Well, happen, in the sense that I picked up the phone, tracked you down, flew you here and gave you six grand out of my 401K.
This happened to you?
Sorry. Im a little nervous. I never thought something like this would happen to me.
Thats right. Imagine facing it alone.
Not you. Youre not disgusting. Youre lovely. Just the idea that theyd bring an escort. I mean, a stranger who, um, didnt...who never.... I mean, someones dead.
I think thats disgusting.
Not the way youre thinking. The women wanted me there for support. You can understand that.
A wedding.
A weekend?
Have you ever done anything like this before?
I do?
You stand on your tiptoes.
What is?
Its cute.
What?
Graham Russell and Russell Hitchcock.
Who are they?
Im desperate to start but I dont have an addictive personality. Except for approval. That, I cant get enough of.
You quitting?
Its okay. Hell, Ive never paid for it. But please dont feel like you have to explain yourself to me.
That wont be an issue, believe me. I find the idea of sex for money morally repugnant.  No offense.
Great, with the occasional stabs of shame. Now, listen, this covers the weekend, but as we discussed, if you want to be intimate, we talk money before anything happens.
How does it feel to get that much money just for being you?
On the nose.  I tell you what, because youre so cute, Ill take care of our incidentals.
Six thousand, right?
Im compulsive and weird?
Why?
No, count it, anyway.
Youre too good for him.
What does your gut say?
I dont know.
What did he say exactly? I mean, you dont think he wants me back?
Of course he is. Im here with my new man.  I love it! Your magics already working. Let the suffering begin.
He was pretty drunk, but I think hes still crazy about you.
Jeffrey knows love like he knows macram.
Love.
Well, he looks miserable. What were you talking about?
Oh, yeah.  So we split it. You know, as in share. People do that.
The Knicks game? We both wanted the last hot dog?
I dont do naked. My sister? She does naked.
You know, they say you can tell everything you need to know about a person from the way they act when theyre naked.
Both.
Mmm, nice dress? Or mmm--  Gorgeous, I was insane to let you go!
Mmm.
Really?  Dont get too attached.
Mission accomplished.
Yeah, but I feel like crap. And if you feel like crap, its way better to look hot while youre doing it.
Youre funny.
Dont patronize me. Theyve clearly been at this a while.
You have feet?
What color are my shoes?
Exactly. I want us to look like we fit, but not like were trying too hard to look like we fit.  Its welcome cocktails, not prom. With this level of matchy-matchy, we should be drinking peach schnapps under a bleacher somewhere.
You think we look like were trying too hard.
Kat.
Hi. Hey.
Im so sorry.
You knew?
Oh, no. He told you.
Dad made me go over and apologize the next day.
Like fifteen.
Therapist.
Whats he do anyway?
I wasnt saving you from him. I was saving you from yourself.
You didnt have to do that.
Sure. Youve got to play them against each other. Otherwise they think youre easy.
You have more than one gynecologist?
Kat Ellis! We live two hundred miles away from each other but I have to fly all the way to London to see you. You havent visited me once in D.C. Where the hell have you been? I have gynecologists that call more often.
Of course, dont be silly.
You want me to let him in?
Yes? No. What?  Save the patter for the tourists.
You want I nut him in the boat?
Not exactly. I wear it.  On my right hand. And only rarely.
You pawned it.
Give it back? Are you nuts?
The one I made for you is the cherries. You hang onto it or give it back?
I get all the glamour jobs.
I heard you were back in town, kitty cat. Youre here for the highland flings, I bet.
Hey, Sal.
Then for once in your life, do something for yourself.
Yeah.
Oh, well, then. It probably wont work out.
Its complicated, Dad.
So whyd you let him go?
Ahoy!
Thats not true. We checked for leaks a few years back.  Good morning.
Meet Nick.
Hi, kiddo.
Dad!
Hard.
Shes drunk. -er than me. But I didnt really dump you, did I?
I havent thought about that in years.
I always wondered what happened with us.
Close. Sydney. Turns out, I missed the rain.
I thought you were living in San Francisco. Or was it Nepal?
...but its getting there. 
Not yet...
Just drunk enough.
Im worried. Amys not good at drinking. She gets sooo drunk sooo fast. Does free alcohol get you less drunk or more drunker?  Is it drunker or drunker-er?
Will do.
Hey, Sigmund, you think you could rustle up the bride and tell her to join the party?
--and The ass of The man who adores her.
Best thing about being a dad is when your kid starts kicking your ass--
I say that feeling compelled to do the opposite of your parents is as enslaving as emulating them.
What do you say to that?
What would you say if I told you I was a member of an elite task force employed to safeguard our nations most precious resource: your daughter.
What is it you do again?
At least somebodys using the damn thing.  I was gonna fix her up but we took one trip and the kids fought so much, we never launched her again.
I am now, sir.
Is there any other way to take it?
Im guessing MacCallum, 18 years.  Neat, with a water-back.
Means you keep me using my head, and that's good!
What do that mean?
Whewwww! You sure keep my mind jumping, boy!
Yes, mam...
And so you did your job, right?
Nothin'...
I can't answer that for you -- but it's no fault of your own that you don't know where your father is now. You tell me what you did that kept you from finding your father.  Come on, tell me...
But where is my daddy!?
But you did all you could, David. Not many little boys could've gone on such a journey as you did.
What do I tell my mama when I get home? I didn't find him and that's what I wanted to do.
Well, you shouldn't worry about him too much, David.
Yes mam...
You think about your father a lot, don't you?
My daddy likes to look into the dark, even when there ain't nothin to see -- it's what you hear he say.
What are you looking at, out there? There's nothing to see.
Not now, David, it's time for bed. You have a long trip ahead of you in the morning...
I been like that myself, when I thought nobody was gonna believe me...  You wanna hear another story?!
You could? How?
He was real scared nobody would believe him -- I could tell, even when he first stood up.
You know, that was a good thing you did for Clarence, in class today. I believed his story, but I was afraid the other children wouldn't...
Oh... . You right, that's all that was worryin' me right then...
Because all you could think of was getting away from the guard.
... So me and Sounder, ran right by the men that was the prisoners, and crawled under the fence! That's when I cut my hand on the glass. It hurt like mad! But I kept runnin', and then I didn't feel no more hurtin' till I stopped runnin'!  Why was that, Miss Johnson?
It was the best thing I ever been to, Miss Johnson!
Well, how did you like the class, David?
I have a mother and her name is Rebecca -- My father's name is Nathan Lee Morgan, and...
Now don't you think it's time you told me all about yourself?
He'll get his place too -- now off with your clothes and into bed.
What about Sounder?
And you're a tired little boy. I'll make up the cot and you must get some sleep.
You're a friendly lady, Miss Johnson.
Why don't you sit and I'll read you something he said.
What he talk 'bout?
Dr. William E. B. Dubois. 
What's his name?
Here's one by a man that's very much alive.
Sure--
Don't you teach in your school 'bout folk who ain't dead?
Colored.
And the other people you told me 'bout, they is all colored folk?
That's where we came from first.
That's where we come from first?
Here it is, right here.
Where is Africa, Miss Johnson?
They lived a long time ago -- before you and I were born.
That's right--
And you say all them people is dead now?
I try...
You got a pretty house, Miss Johnson!
I don't live far from here. You and your dog can come home with me and have yourself a hot meal and then we'll talk about how to get you back home.
Thank you, Miss Johnson.
That does it...
Uh huh...
Did your mother know you were going to see your father?
Me and Sounder went to this prison camp to see my Daddy and the police guard runs us away and I fell on some glass.
It's a good thing your hand did not become infected -- how did you cut it like this?
Sometime, but not like this.
You keep looking around, David. Don't you go to school?
Let me see it...
David Lee Morgan. My dog's name is Sounder.  That feels better.
My name is Camille -- Camille Johnson and I'm the Supervisor of this school. What's your name?
Here, you put your hand under the water and I'll pump for you.
I don't know, he's in a prison camp.
Is he here in Borderdale?
No, mam... I come from way back there. Me and my dog was tryin' to find my daddy and we got lost.
You don't live around here, do you?
I just wanta wash my hand. It's got blood where I hurt it.
Yes mam...
Can you swim?
No, Miss Johnson...
Clarence, would you tell us a story that was not true, after telling us it was?
She was dirty and wet...
How was your sister after you pulled her out of the water?
Me and my little sister, went down to the water hole, last Saturday--
Go on...
Yes, Miss Johnson...
You know that the class is going to challenge your story, don't you, Clarence?
:His mother, with her head thrown back, her eyes aglitter and laughing.
:...FINER SPIRITS BOON AND GUERDON FOR WHAT THEY LOSE ON EARTH BY BEING BLACK.
:His visit with his father at the County Jail house --
:...THE CHANCE TO SOAR IN THE DIM BLUE AIR ABOVE SMOKE IS TO THEIR...
:HE, JOSIE and EARL, running and playing in the field.
:...HEARTS. AND TO THEMSELVES IN THESE DAYS THAT TRY THEIR SOULS...
:The night in the woods with his father and SOUNDER. The shouting and laughter after the baseball game --
:--THE STRANGE ENDINGS OF NATURE THEY HAVE SEEN, MAY GIVE THE WORLD NEW POINTS OF VIEW AND MAKE THEIR LOVING, LIVING, AND DOING PRECIOUS TO ALL HUMAN...
You getting the point, Mrs. Boatwright.
You would do that, wouldn't you?
Don't tell me about what's wrong. You come into my office as a friend and steal city files! I could have you arrested for that -- and if you give out that information to anybody, that's exactly what I'm going to do -- and I'll tell everybody in this town how you got the information and who you got it for! You won't have a friend left in this county to bring you a piece of candy!
Charlie, you have no legal right not to let this boy know where his father is! You hear that, you and this whole damn court house; what you are doing is wrong!
No buts, Rita!
I did look, Charlie, but I--
I see you found what you was lookin' for.
NO! N-O, NO!
But, Charlie --
Now look, Rita, I don't make the rules -- you puttin' yourself on a limb, comin' here, askin' me to do a thing like this. And I be damn if I'm going to jeopardize my job because you are in love with a little colored boy!
Charlie, just because a man and his family are colored, you--
I can't do it, Rita -- that's the policy here on colored prisoners, and I ain't about to change it, not even for a friend like you.
I'm gon' miss this ol' raggedy place.
What's that, son?
You know somethin', Daddy?
Yes, Daddy! Yes!
I love you, son! Don't ever think I don't love you!  We gon' get to be friends?
Now wait justa minute! You don't tell me what you ain't gonna do! I tell you! I say, you goin' to that school, you goin'! You hear me!
I won't go, Daddy! I won't go!
Let me tell you somethin', boy! I don't care if both of my legs was cut off! I can do more work in that field, than you could in a hundred years!
But, Daddy, you need me here to help you in the field -- Daddy, your leg is hurt -- you can't work like you used to. Who's gonna help you!? Who's gonna do the work, Daddy?!
And I wanta be with you, too, but this school is somethin' that's good for you -- somethin you need, like good air to breathe, and I want you to have it, boy, and that's the way it's gonna be!
You just came back home, Daddy. I don't wanna leave right now -- I wanna stay home and be with you.
September 4 -- how far away is that?
Dear David, if you are coming to school here, be sure to bring some warm clothes. The school term will begin September 8th, but it would be good for you to be here by the 4th or 5th of the month. I do hope everything is fine and you will be here. Give my "hello" to your family. Yours truly, Miss Camille Johnson...
Well, ain't you gon' open and read it for us?
From Miss Johnson --
No, no, I'm all right, son... This damn leg just won't act right no more!
You hurt, Daddy!?
No, son -- they'd have to kill me before I'd let 'em do that to me again!
You won't be goin' to jail again, will you, Daddy?
Wheeew! This is some hard work, but it beats goin' to jail.
Thank you, Daddy...
I'm real proud of how you helped your mama to keep this place goin', David Lee.
Soon -- but it won't be too much huntin' you'll be doin','cordin' to a good little story your mama told me last night -- you'll be goin' away from here, won't you?
Daddy, when is we goin' huntin'?
Great, son -- not like wakin' up in jail. For a minute or two, didn't quite know where I was, but when I saw your face lookin down on me, made me know right away the day was gonna be a good one, and it all belonged to me!
You feel alright today, Daddy?
Guess I can't just lay here, then.
They gone to the field...
Where's everybody?
Mornin', Daddy...
Mornin', son...
Come here, son...
Daddy, you home now... that's all I want -- I don't want nothin' else...
Goodnight to you, son...
Goodnight, Daddy...
I cleaned and oiled all your stuff while you was gone...
You bet we is!
We goin' huntin' again, Daddy !?
And me too, son! You shore done got to be such a big little man!
The rains started to come, and the prisoners were scared to run 'cause they had to wait for guards to round us up, and tell us when to move -- but we didn't mind the rain comin' 'cause it meant we would git a little rest -- we just stood there, watchin' the guards and they weapons get wet, and that made us all feel kinda good for a minute. I was laughin' all over inside -- a minute, that's all, but what a minute it was!
What happened afta that?
Into the clouds and behind the mountains.
Where did the sun go to, Daddy?
That musta been afta they sent me to this place call Clayburn. That was the hardest workin' camp they sent me to. The work was so hard, you had to look for somethin' to laugh about to keep from feelin' the whole pain in your body. Like one time, it was in the middle of the day, and there weren't no sun -- you hear that?
Where was you, Daddy?
Son, that was some trip you went on...
Got it hurt in a dynamite blast, son. The dirty dogs had no more use for me, so they let me have time off my sentence, and let me come home.
What's wrong with your leg, Daddy?
Just do like I tell you -- I'll get word to you through the visitin' preacher.
Why, Daddy; you won't be here?
I don't know, son -- they won't tell us things like that -- but I don't want y'all to come here no more.
Can you say what camp they gon' send you to, Daddy?
I think so...
It's a shame they won't let 'em come in here. If I had the strength I'd knock down these damn walls -- if I could just git my arms 'round your mama right now -- is they on this side of us, son?
Naww -- he'll come back to you, soon as his wounds heal. This cake shore is tasty, son.
Do you think he's dead, Daddy?
He'll show up one day.
We didn't find Sounder yet.
They is!? It shore is good to see you, boy!
Mama is outside with Josie Mae and Earl.
Hi to you, son...
Hi, Daddy...
Well, looka here...
Now who says I didn't lay my mark on you, boy!
"You lose some of the time, what you always go afta, but you lose all the time what you don't go afta!"
Yep. I guess you must wonder why though, what with the luck we havin', but like I always say--
We goin' huntin' again tomorrow ?
When the fall comes in these parts, the Night moon runs away like a rabbit -- you could stay out here lookin' all night, and not see a thing out yonder.
Yes, sir...
Readin' must be somethin' powerful, huh, son?
Yes, sir -- I learn to write a little bit, and I can read a lot--
You learnin' anything at that school?
I wanna go -- the trip don't bother me none.
You had a rough time out there tonight -- so you stay home from that school tomorrow.
Yes, sir...
David Lee...
Boy, you don't make funny with your daddy like that.
He beat you, too, Daddy, and you had a big ol' shootin' rifle.
You oughta be tired, too, Sounder. That possum shore whipped the hell outta you tonight!
Yes, sir...
Yeah. We better git back to house now.
It was too dark, Daddy.
If anybody's to blame, it's me -- I oughta nailed him when I took that shot.
Here, put my jacket over you.
It's cold, Daddy!
Looks that way, son. Guess the cold done drove most of 'em down to the big water country -- but if there's one left out here -- we gotta find him.
There ain't no possums in this woods tonight, Daddy.
Never heard of 'im. We gotta lotta men here...
Do you know my daddy, Nathan Lee Morgan?
Sunday...
When's that?
Gotta wait 'til visitin' days.
Mister, can you visit anybody here?
Nathan Lee Morgan...
What's your daddy's name?
Yes, ma'am...?
David!
See you tomorrow, Miss Boatwright.
Will you help me to find out what camp they sent my father to?
Yes, David...
Miss Boatwright --
My father taught me...
David, you never cease to amaze me at how good you are in taking care of my garden.
Thank you, Josie Mae.
Naw, I'm carryin' it!
Why don't you try and git you a new dog?
I guess I'll havta work harder to git him back like he usta be.
Act like one!
I don't look like no possum!
He will... Come on, git down and act like a possum.
Then why don't he holler like he usta?
He eats all right -- his throat ain't scarred.
Sausage and hambones!
What's in there, David!?
Yes, ma'm...
Be good and be smart, little boy.
He can't get up, Mama!
What's wrong, Nathan?
He won't go mad -- he's just lookin' for a cooler spot.
It's when the heat is so bad, dogs go crazy.
It's the heat.
What's wrong with him, David?
But who's gonna help me here with the house and in the field?
She says I can come live with her while school goin' on, and come back home every time there ain't no school.
How can you do that? You don't live anywhere near that school.
She is, Mama...  When the fall comes, she wants me to come to her school.
Miss Johnson must be a real kindly lady.
So when I left, she gave me these books.
Miss Johnson is a teacher, and...
Who's Miss Johnson?
Some books Miss Johnson gave me.
What's that you carryin'?
I guess they musta sent 'im to another camp.
Didn't see 'im, Mama. The other men there say they didn't know Daddy.
Did you find your father?
I cut it on some glass and we got lost, Mama.
Ask your daddy to give you some word about when he'll be comin' home -- and tell 'im we love him.
Yes, mam...
Here's your food -- now you go straight to that place -- if you need to rest, go into a church or railroad station -- but don't go into nobody's house, you hear me?
I got to, Mama. I know Daddy wants to see him.
I wish you wouldn't take the dog with you, David -- he's likely to be a burden to you.
Good night...
Good night, Mama...
Yes, son. You better get back to bed.
Can I go day after tomorrow?
No, I don't and I oughtn't not to after the way you've taken over since they took him away -- and I would like for you to see 'im so you can come back and tell me about 'im.  The field's all planted, so I guess I can spare you for a little while. When do you wanta leave?
Mama, don't I always do what you say -- every time I go to the fields to plant the corn, to Miss Boatwright's and the woods -- you tell me what to do and I do it, and you don't worry.
But you'll be away from home for days -- what will you do when the dark comes, where will you sleep? I can't send you away from here like that!
I can do it, Mama -- you know that. In the Bible stories you read to us, everybody's always goin' on a long journey. Jacob goes into a strange land where his uncle is and he don't even know where he lives, but he finds him. Everybody finds what they supposed to find.
So did I. I figured when the time got right, we could all take a day or two and walk up there, but it's not the kind of long trip for a child to take alone.
No, ma'am...  Mama, I wanted Mrs. Boatwright to find out where Daddy is, so me and Sounder can go see him.
Can't sleep?
Good! But you don't have to tell the whole valley 'bout it! You'll get that woman in trouble!
Mama! Mama! Miss Boatwright, say she gon' help me find where Daddy is!
He'll be all right, Mama. I'll make him all right.
Poor creature...
Listen, Mama...
What is it, David Lee?
I think maybe he was scraped on the head by that shot. I don't think he's dead -- just gone somewhere to heal himself.
No mam -- I looked all over.
Any sign of Sounder?
You sure can, son...
Can I go when the holiday comes?
No, son. We havta wait 'til the holiday comes -- anyway, they won't let womenfolk see their men no time.
Did you see Daddy?
'Bye, son -- I won't be gone long.
'Bye, Mama...
David, come back here!
Don't take my Daddy! Please don't take my Daddy!
Children, come here...
Who is they?
Same as we -- they pray.
What do they do in the white churches, Mama?
Nobody yet -- it's all tied up.
Who's winning, Mama?
When you get outta that school, you come right on back home, y'all gon' have to take this laundry work I done for Miss Boatwright today.
Yes mam...
You got two shirts on?
Tuck that shirt in, David Lee.
Ready to go, Mama!
Where all meat come from -- now git yourself washed up and be snappy about it -- you got six miles ahead of you to that school.
Where did it come from, Mama?
That's right!
Mama, there's hot meat on the stove!
Goodnight.
David Lee, it's time for you to get to bed!
Hi, Mrs. Boatwright...  I'm sorry 'bout the way I acted the other day, Miss Boatwright.
Hello, David...
I'm used to it.
Don't pout now, David, it's a long trip.
I'll walk...
Come, I'll take you home.
I don't know a damn thing, now stop bothering me about it!
But, Miss Boatwright, you--
If I tell you I didn't, David, that's what I mean.
But I saw you -- you looked in there, and you found out, Miss Boatwright.
No, he was wrong, David, I didn't find out.
You know where my father is, don't you, Miss Boatwright?
Don't mention this to anyone! You hear me, David!
Thank you, Miss Boatwright! 
I'll find out where your daddy is for you.
No, thank you -- I gotta go do some work in the field today.
Would you like to have a cool drink, David?
Tell Rebecca I said 'hi', now...
Yes mam... We gotta go, Miss Boatwright.. .
When you read it we'll talk about it...
Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
It's about the Three Musketeers.
Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
This is for your mama's work, and here's something for the three of you.
Come in, children.
We brought your laundry, Miss Boatwright.
Don't belong to you! It's for the little important man, here!
Well, let me have it.
Seems this piece of mail came to Mr. Howard's place this mornin' and he had me to bring it over here.
Whatcha got there?
Any time it's Saturday and I don't hafta do any work, I'm doin' okay!
Hi ya doin' there, Ike?
He said, I don't know, Ike -- you doin' better'n me, I been tryin' to git in there for 200 years and ain't make it yet!
What did the Lord tell you, Ike?
I guess so -- but I went home and did me some praying to the Lord. I said, Lord, I went into this white church down in Row and all I want you to tell me is how I ever got outta there in one piece.
They probly thought you was crazy.
You know, one time by mistake I went into a white church down in Row County and to this day I don't know how'n the devil I got outta that church alive.
And if they saw me pitch the way I did today -- they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth!
If they heard me sing like this up North I'd be richer than the man I sharecrop for.
At the way you ask funny questions, Josie Mae!
Mama, what was we laughin' for?
Might be...
Is he gon' be gone long?
Because he cared so damn much about you and me, child.
Mama, why did they take Daddy away?
Maybe soon--
Mama, when kin me and Earl go to school with David Lee?
Don't take all day at that table, David Lee.
Why don't you pay him a visit, Mr. Howard? He'll tell you all about it.
Somebody told me Nathan was back. How is he?
Tired.
Hi ya, Rebecca...
The season is a long way off, Mr. Howard, and by that time, Nathan oughta be home. If he ain't, believe me -- the children and me -- we will grow the crops. We have to because we owe you all that money -- Mr. Howard.
Dammit, I'm talkin' to you, woman! I gotta farm to think about and I need answers.
I need some nutmeg, flour, eggs, sugar, and...
Whatcha wanta order?
I didn't say nothin' 'bout credit, Mr. Howard.
I hope it ain't a lot,'cause I can't give you no more credit till the croppin' season gits back, that is if Na--
I wanta get some things.
That's one dollar an' twenty cents.
I brought these walnuts to trade.
Rebecca, you jest the one I wanta see.
Don't tell me nothin' 'bout what we owe ol' man Howard! I'll do the owing, and let him worry 'bout the collecting! Come on, David Lee!
But, Nathan--
To the commissary to get this boy some clothes! I'm gon' get everybody somethin'!
Where you goin'!?
It's lunchtime, and I wanna have a talk with you, Nathan Lee. Come on, children...
I just got out here!
I see, all right -- It's time for us to get out of this field.
There, you see?
Yeah, just stay where you is...
Is there something I can do to help you?
This done happen before. It ain't nothin' -- I just have to wait a minute or two.
Yeah. I feel real up to it right now. Come on, David Lee, you and me'll do the loading.
You sure you feel up to it, Nathan?
Well, let's get to work!
Did you tell 'im I was too busy for that kinda stuff?
To invite you to his house -- the two of you could just sit under the shade tree, drink ice cold whiskey, and just shoot the breeze!
What did he want?
Well, let's get to it, Miss Rebecca,'cause I been waitin' too long a time for your good cookin'!
The most important thing is that you're home!  We was gonna have cold eatin' tonight, 'cause of the heat, but now, I'm goin' to cook!
Ike, you could make a song outta that!
If there ever was a devil in this county, Ike, you is it!
Hope it don't freeze out our baseball game today!
Little chilly.
How's the weather out there?
I'll wait till after the children.
You ready to eat?
Mornin'...
Good mornin', Nathan.
What we make it to? The next season to work ourselves to death, share croppin' for ol' man Howard, so he can get richer and we can't even eat when the croppin' time is done?
We been through these off-seasons before -- we made it.
The boy is hungry, Rebecca.
The boy done went into my walnuts! I skin my fingers to the bone to pick two pounds that's worth almost nothing at the commissary and he done took almost half of what I pick!
I shore could, Miss Rebecca.
I bet you could use a hot cup of coffee, Nathan Lee.
And don't wake up Josie Mae and Earl!
Night, son!
Is that a blessing, Reverend?
It's not that simple, Sister Rebecca -- the Lord works in mysterious ways -- we come into this life with nothin' and we'll leave it with nothing.
Yeah, he'll crawl into my bed tonight, lie close to my body and keep me warm -- and rectify the evil in the men who live over us in this valley.
I hope you don't take to bitterness, Sister Morgan. I tell you like I tell all the women in this church who got the same trouble you got. No matter what the trial or what the misery is, I tell 'em to stay with God.
It's a shame, Reverend. It's a damn shame.
No, I ain't got no word yet, Rebecca. I went to the courthouse yesterday to see 'bout it, but they just won't tell me nothin' about what labor camp Nathan was sent to. I'm sorry, Rebecca.
You gotta low-life job, mister sheriff!
Shore thing -- next week sometime, and as soon as I git the day, I'll ride out and let you know 'bout it.
Will they give him a trial?
I'd like to help you, Rebecca. But all that would do, is git us both in trouble.
I got to see my husband, Sheriff Young!
That's the way they do things here in Landsdown. I just follow orders.
You mean to tell me I can't see my own husband?
It's the rules and I gotta follow 'em. No visitin' 'cept holidays and Sunday -- and no womenfolk anytime.
I don't understand that, Sheriff Young.
I wish I could, Rebecca, but I can't let you.
I wanta see Nathan.
Howya do, Rebecca. I sorta been expectin' you this mornin'.
Now go, your friends are in danger... The USO show is a mile east of here, just over that ridge. The clitoris has spoken.
Of COURSE!! Ice cream!!
Dude, she's eight years old, just get her some ice cream or something.
NO WAY, DUDE! I'VE LOOKED ALL OVER FOR YOU, AND NOW YOU HAVE TO TELL ME HOW TO GET WENDY TO LIKE ME!!
There are more important matters right now...
Wait, you're supposed to tell me how to get Wendy to like me.
Stan, your friends need you. They are in trouble and you must help them.
The clitoris?! I DID IT!! I FOUND THE CLITORIS!!
I am the clitoris.
What... are you?
Behold my glory.
What...
The Canadians are just mad that we mothers here in South Park have the chutzpah to stand up to them!  Like it or not, Mr. Canadian Minister, OUR children are now safe from your Canadian smut!
What?
Can I finish? Please? Can I finish? ... ... Uh... Okay, I'm finished.
BECAUSE IT'S EVIL!!
Can I finish? Hello? Can I finish? ...The United States has graphic images of violence on television all the time, what is that one show? COPS? And car crashes caught on tape? We can't believe that a movie with some foul language and fart jokes would piss you off so much.
YOU JUST DON'T CARE!
Uh, can I finish? Can I finish? ...The fact is that we Canadians are quite surprised by your outrage-
Oh but OF COURSE children are going to see it!!
Success!! Our device works perfectly! We will begin mass production immediately!
OW!! YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME!! THIS ISN'T FAIR!!! YOU SONS A BITCHE--
OW!! That HURT GOD DAMMI-
Alright, now I want you to say 'horsefucker.'
Pillow.
Good. Now 'Pillow'.
Montana.
Notice that nothing happens.  Now say 'Montana.'
Doggy.
Don't worry about that. Now, I want you to say 'Doggy.'
My head hurts.
Patient 453 here has been fitted with the new v-chip...
I said -
WHAT DID YOU SAY?!?!
How would you like to gargle rat jiz?
How would you like to go to the principal's office?
Fuckin' a right.
Eric!
Why the fuck not?
Fragile?
Eric! Did you just say the "F" word?
I hate the environment.
That's right, Mr. Garrison. The environment is what surrounds us. It is what we live and breathe.
Well, anyway... Today children, our friend Mr. Hat is going to tell us all about the environment.
How the fuck should I know!!
Holy shit Cartman!  What was that?!
We're going... Let's run through the plan!!
Fuck that!  AGAGH!!
I saw him last night!
What?
Maybe THAT'S who your father is, Cartman!
Oh, son of a bitch!  AAGHGH!! I mean, son of a biscuit!
Very funny!
Is it Cartman's mom?
But what are we going to do against this entire army?
<b>And my mom has become so bu-sy that she's raising heck and ignoring me I agree that there is now a battle to be won! Something must be done!</b>
-No Cheesy Poofs... What the hell is happening?
-no Cheesy Poofs.
That book wasn't Canadian!
They're burning all the Canadian stuff cause of the war.
What is this?
Chef, do you know anything about women?
But you guys... It's Salisbury steak.
To free Terrance and Phillip.
About Cheesy Poofs, dumbass! This whole thing has gone too far!
About what?
Come on, you guys... We have to THINK!
What? Fuck you guys, I wanna get out of here.
Dude!
Yeah... That was my bad, sorry.
Ze alarms! Zey went off!
I HEARD YOU THE FIRST TIME! I'M NOT LOU FERIGNO FOR PETE'S SAKE!
You MUST shut off the power, this is VERY IMPORTANT do you understa-
Okay.
Cartman, over zere, is the electrical box. You must sneak over zere and shut it off before I return with Terrance and Phillip or the alarms will sound and I will be shot full of holes. Got it?
Sheet!
Dude, this is seriously lame. I didn't know we were gonna get all dirty and stuff.
WAGAGAHGHGH!! YOU GUYS!!! SERIOUSLY!!!
CARTMAN!
Whoops.
Cartman?!
Kenny! I saw Kenny again!
What Cartman?!
You guys! Seriously! You guys!
Sure, dude.  On the face of every child, on the smile of every baby...
YOU DO?!
I know Cartman, I know.  I see Kenny every day.
No you guys... Something happened... You guys wanna hear something creepy?  I don't think Kenny is dead.
Did you bring the pie and punch?
I have to say 'behind'! I get shocked if I say 'ass-  OW!!!
Your behind?
I had to ride my bike here. My behind is killing me.
You're late, Cartman!
pie and punch... This is Top Secret. The password is...
More people will come if they think there'll be pie and punch!
We're not gonna have pie and punch!
Tell 'em we'll have pie and punch.
Bingo. Okay, here we go...  Want to help Terrance and Phillip? Meet us for a meeting at Gladdy's barn tomorrow night...
I'm trying, I can't find a Canadian server... I've got to break into the main frame...
Come on, just get to the message board!
And she's getting worse...
This is all cause of your mom, Kyle. She's such a bitch-  AGH!! I mean - she's such a... meanie.
Oh yeah?!  Well you're a monkey-shit-
You know, me and Stan were just talking about what a fat fucking hunk o' fat fuck you are.
What?
Hey Cartman.
Dude, they cut out 92 minutes!
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!
Yeah!  And what rim job expert went and outlawed Cheesy Poofs!?
But they fucking didn't do anything wrong!
You can't do this!! Have you ever HAD Cheesy Poofs? They're a taste sensation with a delightful cheddar crunch.
Who the hell made up that law?!
Yeah, I'm having total deja vu right now. Like this has all happened before...
I can't believe he's dead.
Oh.
No, I know. I'm just fucking STOKED I don't have to pay him!
Come on, Cartman. It's not your fault.
I bet him he couldn't do it... I bet him a hundred dollars!
Yeah, but you know what? That whole part about lighting farts is bullshit. You can't do that.
Man, that movie gets better every time I see it!
It was the Terrance and Phllip movie!
I can't dude! We all took a sacred oath, and swore ourselves to secrecy!
'Cuz, dude, it's all sticky and airy and fragile and stuff. I fucking hate it.
Dude, how can you hate the environment?
Yeah,  <b>Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!!</b>
Suck my balls.
You bet your fucking ass it was!
Dude, that movie was fucking sweet!
Oh.
Cuz, dummy they're Canadian, just like Ike!
How come Terrance and Phillip are so weird looking?
Yeah, but the animation's all crappy - it probably can't sustain itself over ninety minutes.
Cartman! What the hell are you talking about?! You LOVE Terrance and Philiip!
Aw, screw it. It probably isn't all that good anyway.
Okay.    Not.
Mrphmmmph!!!
AGAGAH!!
MPH RMPH RMPH RMPH RM!!!
I don't have proofs of purchases from Snacky Smores, Kenny!
Mph rmprmmh rm!!
GO AWAY, KENNY!  IT'S NOT MY GOSH DARN FAULT!
Mph mm!
Okay Kenny, I'll bet you a HUNDRED DOLLARS you can't light a fart on fire!
Mph rm rmph!!
No you can't Kenny!
Mph rmph rm!!
No way.
Mph rmpmh rm.
I bet him he couldn't set himself on fire and now he's all pissed off!!  AGH! I can't say pissed off?!  AGH!!
Oh you poor dear. You've been through so much...
I saw him!! I saw Kenny!!
Eric?! Eric, what is it?!
Sure, hon. Goodnight.
If you went down on a horse... You'd tell me, right?
Yes, hon?
Mom...
Oh.
Oh, I don't care, I was just asking cuz all my favorite TV shows have been replaced by news and it's pissing me off.
I don't know honey. Soon we hope. You want it to end quickly, huh?
Mom... When is the war gonna be over?
Goodnight, honey.
But mom!  I'm not fucking addicted to fucking bad language!  I don't have a fucking problem!
Eric!  Don't talk to Ms. Brovlofski that way!
What the hell are you guys doing here?
Look, Eric it's your little friends.
No, Eric... I'm afraid it's phase two for you...
HOW THE FUCK CAN YOU NOT GRADUATE ME?! DOES THAT MEAN I HAVE TO STAY HERE?!
Wendy, Mkay, if you want to start getting political, I'll throw your skinny little butt right back into rehab. Mkay?
The rest of you are graduated. You can go home today.
Oh yeah.
Norwegian Ass Raper.
The N word?
Uh, except for you Eric. I'm afraid you need to work more on not saying the F word and the N word.
Thank God, that sucked ass.
I am not a prickfuck, mkay? You little asshole!
Help yourself prickfuck!
Eric!!!!  You need to be rehabilitated. Help me to help you!
You get me Cheesy Poofs with the delightful cheddar crunch, and I'll watch my fucking mouth!
Eric, you're not watching your mouth!
Oh man, I'm gonna need a cherry pie to get the taste of ass out of my mouth from that piece of shit movie.
So you see, the point and the theme of the film is kept intact. And of course, the MPAA didn't cut out any of the graphic violence. What did you think?
God Damn it your mom is a bitch, Kyle.
Mkay.
Mkay, you see, children. This is exactly what I'm talking about. We have to change the way you think.
What? Fuck French people. Fuck 'em in the ear.
Eric, that is not appropriate.
You've got a stupid accent too.
Mkay, kids from all over the State have been brought here, because you all share the same problem. Uh, young man... Let's start with you.
Ugh... You guys, seriously... I'm having Cheesy Poof withdrawal...
Eric?
Kyle?!
I know what it is!
Oh, he said rim job.  It's when someone licks your ass for-
What was that word, young man!?
This is it! The time for action is NOW!!  <b>Something must be done! This is like a spreading rash! They're pulling out our children's brains and filling them with trash! Can't you see what this is leading to? A world of smut and sex and poo! I believe the good fight has begun! Something must be done!</b>
You bastards.
Young man, you will tell Peincipal Victoria THIS INSTANT where you heard all these horrible phrases!
What?
It's that v-chip thing that's inside you, Eric!  The polarity must have been reversed by the electric chair!
Look at that!
Something big, children.
What's going on, Chef?
Children, I know ALL there is to know about women.
I don't know.
Ha! Is the Pope Catholic?
A hunger strike? For what?
We can't, we're on a hunger strike.
It's... It's not good children.
Chef, what does it mean that we're at war?
No, what does that mean, find the clitoris?
Oops, I guess you haven't got that far in your anatomy class, huh?
Huh?
Oh that's easy, you just gotta find the clitoris.
What's the secret to making a woman happy?
How would like some Salisbury Steak with buttered noodles?
Hey, Chef.
Hello there, children!!
This will be very dangerous... Are you quite sure?
WE'RE going! WE started La Resistance to save Terrance and Phillip! We're going!
What?
May I?
This is the place--
Oh no, it's that kid.
Viva la Resistance.
My name is Gregory. I have been Wendy's counter-cousin for some time.
Who are you, kid?
Baba mama!
Yes I am!
Goodnight, Ike, we're all going to bed.
Uhh...
You stay up here in the attic, Ike. Don't make any noises or nothing, okay?
Papa mama simi.
Get out of here Ike, you're too young for this stuff!
Ber dada!
Doky maping she deeder!!!
Donkey raping shit eater.
Be quiet, Ike! The movie's starting!
Purpre mama!
Mph rm.
Very well, then. I will put an end to the war as your wish and make everything as it was before the war started. But you Kenny, must remain dead.
Then move out of the way.
Mph mph.
Get everyone in hell ready. When the blood of Terrance and Phillip spills, the day is ours!
Mph rmph rm!
Mph rm. Rmph rm rmph rm.
What do you mean?! I could leave him if I wanted to!
Mph rmph rm rmph rm.
Him? I don't know... He can be nice... sometimes.
Mph rmph rm rmph rm?
What are you doing?! Get on with your misery!
MPH RM!!!
I am Satan. I am your God, now.
Fallen one... We have such sights to show you!
MMMMMPHPHPHPHP!!!!!
I wouldn't bullshit you kid! Snacky Smores are now available in stores everywhere! No biggie!
Mrph?
Oh, you want out of hell, huh?
Mph rmph rm rmph rmph rm!
A deal? You wanna make a deal with the devil. Well sure, deals are mounds o' fun.
Mrph mprhm mm rmph!
What? What do you mean you don't belong here? Relax guy, hell is for children.
Mrph mprph!!
Hey, relax Satan. Don't get all worked up. You're gonna give yourself an ulcer again.
KYLE BROVLOFSKI, YOU WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!!
YOU GOTTA BE FUCKING KIDDING ME!!
Boobie... This is the only way you're ever going to learn. I have an opportunity here to teach you about consequences.
MOM!!!
No... The General is right.
You boys need help.  There are rehab centers that specialize in treating people with chronic addictions to bad language.
What's that?
We already know what you did. We saw it on television.
Boys, we have to have a difficult discussion.
Dude, what the hell is going on?
Terrance and Phillip, you are under arrest for working in America without the proper documents! WE GOT YOU!
Do as I say, Kyle!
Aw, ma!!
Kyle, you take your little brother out to play with you!
FREEZE!!
SHIT!
Okay.
Uhh... Bacon.
Guess.
Uhh... I don't know.
What's the password?
Uhh... I'm here for La Resistance.
Who is it?
No, I mean WE CAN'T LEAVE WITHOUT YOU - we don't know where the hell we are!!
It's okay, I am done for.
We can't leave without you!
It's so very cold...
Oh... Alright, back you go.
No! That's not Terrance or Phillip!
Careful? Was my mother careful when she stabbed me in the heart with a clothes hanger while I was still in ze womb?
Be careful, dude.
Kay.
Gwpaapa. Gwpaapa.
What's a dying giraffe sound like?
Now listen carefully. Stan and Kyle, you stand watch here and await my return. If any guards come by, make a sound like a dying giraffe.
For pooping, silly.
What's a butfor?
Sheet.  Did you bring ze mirror?
Dude, we don't have watches.
Time? Did time matter to the Revolutionists who were forced to eat their own shit while dying in the dungeons of ze King?
That's gonna take a long time!
No. Zey must have zem inside. We will have to dig.
Do you see them?  Do you see Terrance and Phillip?
God? ...Let me tell you something about God... He is ze biggest bitch of zem all.
Oh my God...
America... She iz a beetch that sheets on her own children.
Yeah, I guess.
So... We must free more Canadian prizoners?
Yeah, so what if you say uncle raper or dicksucker or, or-
Mom, I'm a man. Just a man. And I'm going to have fun with profanity just like you and dad did when you were little.
Yeah, but you know, I learned something today.  I learned that getting all worked up over fuck and shit and cockmaster is just stupid... You all focused so hard on erasing profanity that you forgot the most important thing... To love each other.
Whew, I'm sure glad that's over.
Yeah, thanks for going back to hell for us. You're a real pal.
Thank you, Kenny.
Are you sure, Kenny?
WHAT?
Sweet.
Dude, I found the clitoris! I think I can get Wendy to like me now!
Stan!
Did you shut the alarm off, Cartman?
Oh, brother.
Me?!
I thought you had something planned.
Yeah, so what do we say?
Wow, a lot of people showed up.
No, dude, all you have to do is hit the keys really fast and say a bunch of stupid shit and it works.
Dude, do you know what you're doing?
I'll just try the first one.
Wow!
"Found Eight Million Pages With the Word Clitoris"!
Okay...
Wait! Before we put a message out, do a search on the word 'clitoris'.
Okay... I just need to find a few private message boards...
I agree! The only way to save our future is to unite and fight!  <b>Something must be done! We must take action fast! My parents have gotten so strict they forgot they were children in the past!</b>
I don't know. But it has gone far enough! I'm sick of it!  <b>Something must be done! Change has got to come around! They're taking all our laughter and burning it to the ground! Can't you see what this is leading to? A world of chains and ties and glue! We have to fight before they've taken every one! Something must be done!</b>
What has the world come to? This is horrible. We're locked up, burning books, hating other people-
It's only a matter of time before my mom has HIM burned too!
Isn't that in Arizona or something?
All it says is that it's above the vulva... But where the hell is the vulva?
Does it say what the clitoris is?
Yeah, they suck.
I'm so sick of these soldiers.
Totally!
This is sweet!!
Dude!  It's the V-chip!  It shocks him ever time he cusses!
Whoa!  What the hell was that?!
What's the difference?
Hey, Cartman, did they put that V-chip in your head or your ass?
Good thing she was never your girlfriend... Dude, here comes Cartman.
I bet she would if my name was GREGORY!!
Wow, dude. Wendy could really give a rats ass about you.
She's Not! But if she WAS it would be THAT little asshole who's fucking it up for me!
I thought she wasn't your girlfriend, dude.
That British dickhole is what's taking Wendy away from me!
I don't know, dude.
What? What don't I get?  What don't I get?
How do we do that?
Dude, let's help Terrance and Phillip!!
Our moms suck!
Dude, our moms arrested Terrance and Phillip!
It isn't fair!
How can they do this?
You bastards!!
Oh my God! THEY killed Kenny!
YOU BASTARD!!
OH MY GOD!! YOU KILLED KENNY!!
Yeah...
Dude, anybody who doesn't think Terrance and Phillip is funny can fuck off anyways.
Yeah!
I'VE heard them from Mr. Garrison a few times before...
Nowhere.
Yeah, let's swear we won't tell!
Now remember, don't tell anybody we saw the Terrance and Phillip movie!
She's not my girlfriend, dude!
Woa, dude, who's your girlfriend's new guy?
Aw, God Damn it, he's singing that fucking song again.
<b>Thank my lucky stars Here before me now Is everything I'd ever hoped for Knew it in a word Saw it in a glance The only thing I think I'd die for...</b>
Where do they come up with this stuff?!
That was sweet!
We HAVE to see this movie, dude!
This is terrible! This can't be happening!!
Kyle, check it out.
Hey, dudes... Aren't you supposed to go to church, Kenny?
-Or monkey fucker-
Shiteater-
We're going to find our boys! For God's sake Sheila, you almost had them killed!!
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?! We need to stop the not pretty things from letting our children be born in hospitals!
Wake up, people!  We all have to do things that aren't pretty sometimes! It's the not pretty things that make life worth fighting the not pretty things for! Why do you think children have to be born in hospitals?
Oh Lord, what have we done...?
YES! AND I WILL NOT ALLOW MY CHILDREN TO BE RUINED BY SMUT!!  I am sorry young man, but I have had it up to here! STRAP THEM IN!
Sheila, you're going to far! Those are YOUR children!
He was killed doing something he saw in the movie. It was Terrance and Phillip... THEY killed Kenny.
I knew this would happen! Those bastard Canadians have now killed a child! Can't people see the damage that film is doing?!
What is 'fisting'?
Oh dear God...
Right away, ma'am!
I'm needing lunch.
Yes?
And Bill?
Yes ma'am!
Well find out where that signal is coming from!  Then hunt them down like dogs! Any and all Canadian influence must be stopped at all cost!
Ma'am, we're tracking a resistance... It's probably Canadian spies!!
Not necessary?!  Mr. President, may I remind you that our country's heart and soul are at stake, and our children's minds are the battlefield! The bastard Canadians want to fight us because we won't tolerate their potty mouths. Well, if it is war they want... THEN WAR THEY SHALL HAVE!!!
Oh, uh...  I don't know if air strikes are necessary.
We have to have air strikes on their military and entertainment centers.  It's the only way to ensure that their smut can't reach American soil!
Huh?
What about air strikes?
As Commander in chief, I have ordered our Army to set up defensive positions along the US-Canada border in anticipation of an attack.
My fellow Americans. I have led this fight in the War against profanity. I have founded Mothers Against Canada.  Our neighbor to the north has abused us for the last time.
Oh God... What have I done...
SILENCE!!!  NOW!!!  EVERYONE BOW DOWN TO ME!!!
And I thought my mother was the master of guilt.  Geez Louise.
Yes... And in doing so, you brought enough anger and intolerance to the world to allow my coming.
YOU HAVE SPILLED THE BLOOD OF THE INNOCENTS. NOW THE WORLD BELONGS TO ME... NOW BEGINS TWO MILLION YEARS OF DARKNESS!!  AND ALL THANKS TO YOU!!!
Oh.
SILENCE!  I AM SATAN!
Oh no you don't! This is MY fight!! I don't need your help, Alan Dershwitz!
I am the dark master!
What the hell is going on?!
You're all part of Satan's army now!
You are officially relieved of your duties as principal of this school!
But I-
Yes Principal Victoria.  The PTA is impeaching you.
Article 42!  You don't mean-?!
Forgive me for saying so, Principal Victoria, but your methods are too... Shall we say... soft?  As head of the PTA, I am exercising my right under article 42 of the PTA code.
Ooh yes. I think we'll have to give detention to those boys.
We must take action on this immediately.
Well, it looks like I'll have to send a warning letter out to parents. I have to put a stop to this before MORE children see 'Terrance and Phillip'.
Terrance and Phillip are two VERY untalented, unfunny actors from Canada. Their TV show is filled with toilet humor and bad language and is just complete garbage.  Now it appears they have a movie and I'm positive it's not suitable for children!
What is Terrance and Phillip?
Terrance and Phillip MOVIE?! Oy gevalt! Not again!
No, worse. Here's a short list of the things they've been saying.
The F word?!
No, it was worse than that...
What did my son say, Principal Victoria? Did he say the S word?
Alright, I'll make the call...
I don't care if it's dangerous! Desperate times call for desperate measures, Mr. Mackey. Perhaps I need to remind you of your situation.
Mrs. Brovlofski, the V-chip hasn't been fully tested yet, it could be dangerous.
Then we'll have to resort to plan B and call the v-chip organization.
Well, some of the children just don't respond to 12 step programs.
What do you mean MOST, why not ALL?
Very encouraging. Most of the children have been weened from their naughty mouths.
How is the children's progress?
This is NOT a place for fun and games! This is rehabilitation! Now GET TO IT!! We at MAC have a trial to go to!
Uh, we're just, starting our program...
Indeedy, that was a delicious choice of words!
You're quite a purveyor of filth, little boy!
Terrance! NO!
AGH!
You did? Just now?
Did you hear that, Terrance? I farted!
Canada is saving us!!
What's going on Terrance?
I know, Terrance. I know.
Phillip, this is worse than that trip to Quebec City when I fell asleep in that disco.
I know, Terrance.  This is quite the shitstorm we've found ourselves in this time.
Oh, Phillip.  This cannot be good.
You would know, dummy.
Oh, you are such a maroon!
Yeah, God, no wonder your country is so fucked up.
The problem is you don't allow your children to think for themselves. You try to raise them in a protective bubble, and then when they finally get old enough, they realize they've been lied to, and they resent you for it.
Don't believe the hype!!
The young boy that died lit himself on fire. It was unfortunate, but how can they blame US?
Fight the power!
And you call yourself a Canadian!  I told you we should of done Leno!
This little scrotum sucker willfully deceived us!  You are a bad man!
Phillip, we've been tricked and ambushed by The Conan O'Brian Show!!
Cheers, Terrance!
Good one, Phillip!  Cheers.
Hello, Brooke Shields!
Hello, Conan!
I sure did, Phillip!!
HA HA HA! You burned yourself to death by lighting the fart! HA HA HA!!
You bet, Terrance!
Say Phillip, want to see the Northern Lights?
I did, Terrance, I learned that you are a boner biting dick fart fuck face!
Well, Terrance I hope you learned something from this whole experience.
<b>SHUT YOUR FUCKING FACE!! UNCLEFUCKA!!! YOU'RE the one that fucked your Uncle, UNCLEFUCKA!!! You don't eat, or sleep or mow the lawn You just fuck your Uncle all day long!</b>
<b>Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!! You're an asslicking, Ball sucking Unclefucka!! You're an Unclefucka, yes it's true Nobody fucks Uncles quite like you-</b>
YOU'D fuck your uncle!
You'd fuck your uncle!
It says 'Dear Terrance, please don't ever tell my son that I licked your hairy balls.'
My mother sent YOU a letter? What's it say?
It's from your mother.
A letter from who, you shit sucking cock master?
Well, fuck my ass and call me a bitch, I just got a letter!
Oh yeah!
Well, let's see... First of all, you fuck pigs.
What?! Why would you call me a pigfucker?!
THAT'S IT!  I HAVE HAD ENOUGH!!!!
Now do what I say and keep your fucking mouth shut!
Listen guy, you're embarassing me in front of my friends!  You know how I get mad when I get embarassed.
Ow, you're hurting me!
I don't care!  I want to talk about it now!
Can we talk about this later?  Everyone is watching!
If you love somebody then you treat them with respect!  You've never respected me!
Come on guy, you know I only rib you because I love you so much!
Help you? You've destroyed my life and now you want me to help you?!  You're always making me feel like a piece of shit.
Relax bitch!  You're better seen, not hear okay?
No, Saddam. You made a deal. You can't just renege on a deal. That's lying.
Who gives a fuck?! I was just fucking with him!
I TOLD you not to make that deal, Saddam!
No! It can't be!
Hey, I'm missing the party!
Where're you gonna go, bitch? Besides, you know that if you left me, I'd hunt you down and kill you, right? I'm gonna go grab a drink.
What if I just left?
<b>Hey, guy, relax, put out! You gotta relax, shut your mouth- Baby I'd do anything for ya! Now don't make me smack you in the eye like last time-</b>
<b>What if I, don't wanna put out? That's all you ever say Relax put out I'm a living creature, I have feelings too, I don't need this abuse from you-</b>
I DO respect your mind! It turns me on! It makes me wanna fuck the shit out of you! Don't you see?
Well I just want you to be impressed with what I <u>do</u>. I want you to respect my MIND.
Hey, relax guy!
This is the millennium, Saddam! This is Armageddon! There's more to life than sex!
I mean cute dumb. Now bend over!
Don't call me dumb!
That's because I wanted to fuck you, dumbass! Now hows aboot you get those pants down!
Do you remember when you first got here? We used to talk all night long. Until the sun came up... We would just lie in bed and TALK.
Hey fella!  Relax!  This whole armageddon thing has got you all stressed out. Let's make love.
You don't care.
What did you do today Satan?
So what do you say we shut off that light and get close, huh?
I know.
You know I do.
Is sex the only thing that matters to you?
Listen buttercup, let's make love and forget about the whole thing.
Do you always think about sex?  I'm talking about some very important stuff here!
Yeah!  YEAH!!!  Man I'm getting so HOT!!!
No I'm being serious! Those Canadian entertainers are to be killed. It is the seventh sign.
Oh I love when you get all biblical Satan.  You know exactly how to turn my crank!
It has come to be...  The Four Horsemen are drawing nigh!  The time of the prophecy is upon us!
I'm not cranky.  And that futon was not too big to carry myself-
You just get cranky when you're tired, that's all.  I told you that you shouldn't have tried to carry that futon all by yourself.
I am.
Who's my cream puff?
Hey, come here, guy.
Sometimes I just think you don't have any respect for me.
Hey, relax guy. It's just a cruel joke. Rich, chocolatey Snacky Smores are only available up on Earth. He'll never get 'em, see?
I don't see why you have to belittle me in front of people like that.
Okay, kid, I have a deal for you! If you want out of hell, all you have to do is collect 10 proofs of purchases from 'Snacky Smores.'  They're rich, chocolatey and really hit the spot. Bring me ten proofs of purchases and we'll grant you ANY WISH YOU WANT.
Well of COURSE he wants out of hell! The whole POINT of hell is that you don't WANT to be here!
Hey relax, guy. Let's see what the kid wants.
Saddam, would you let me do my job please!
You remember... Saddam Hussein, don't you?!
Oh, a new recruit, huh? Welcome to hell, kid! Relax! Take a load off!!
<b>Knew it in a word Saw it in a glance The only thing I think I'd die for</b>
<b>Thank my lucky stars Here before me now Is everything I'd ever hoped for-</b>
Cool!
No, dude. Fuck him. Fuck him in the ear.
You didn't?
Stan, I never cared for Gregory.
Really? Where the hell do you keep it? It's huge.
Wow, I have a clitoris too.
My friend the clitoris told me.
Sure, Stan! How did you know I loved ice cream?
Wendy... How would you like to go get some ice cream?
Wendy?
Stan! Stan are you okay?!
Stan?! YOU started La Resistance?
Wendy?
God damn it, why does she keep saying that?
Nothing, Stan. You wouldn't understand.
What's the matter, Wendy?
NAZIS!!
Hi Stan.
Hi Wendy.
You don't get it Stan... You just don't get it.
What the hell are you talking about, kid?
This is about freedom of speech, Stan, about censorship.
Yeah!
<u>WHAT?!</u>
Stan... I think you and I need some time apart.
Didn't you think it was funny, Wendy?
Yup.
Did you see that, Wendy?
That's nice, Stan.
We saw the Terrance and Phillip movie!
And the butfor?
Check.
And ze rope?
Got it.
What do you think this is kid?  Lick Barney the Dinosaur's pussy fucking kiddie hour?  Huh?  This is real life with consequences you take to the grave!
Dude, you didn't say anything about watches.
You don't have watches?
We're going to die here like baby mice who have had no milk in days.  Dry up into crunchy little pinkies.
Bedrock!  I cannot dig any further in zis direction!
What is it?
They're not going to make it!
Jesus, come on!
Anna...
Anna...
Oh Sara...
Oh yeah...
Oh yeah...
Oh Warren...oh Warren...take me, God take me...
Well get used to it, 'cause here we are, on the cruise of a lifetime.
I never though I'd be stuck in a wine closet with Warren Wayne.
Well isn't that great.  Something to write home about.
I think we're moving.
Yeah, well...I forgot my morphine back in the room.
Getting drunk is no solution.
I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
Will you two please stop it!  I don't want to spend my final hours listening to you bitch!
He's shutting off the air!!!
Oh my God, what is he doing?
Very professional of you.
No, I think hygiene is important. It helps you get into the part.
I'm sure I will.
Well, it was nice meeting you. Enjoy the rest of the trip.
It certainly is.
Well, so we are.  Sure is beautiful, huh?
Well I guess we're neighbors for this trip.
So...
Of course, of course...
Well a little business too.  In my upcoming project Star Trackers I play a ship's captain, and I really wanted to get a feel for the outer space experience.  I feel it will add more credibility to my performance.
So, what brings you out here?  Pleasure cruise?
Well I appreciate that.
Magnificent, magnificent.
Oh, thank you.
My grandfather.  My God, I can't tell you what a fan I am of yours! You were magnificent in Deadly Gamble.
Koros, as in...Koros?  Dimitri Koros?
Anna Koros. She sensually extends her hand, Warren shakes it -
Uh, yes I am.  And you are?
You're Warren Wayne.
Excuse me?
It can't be.
Evening.
And I intend to correct that at once. I'll tell you something Mac...
There is a high level...of passenger 					dissatisfaction.
I hear you Mac and I appreciate it. Frankly I don't know what I'd have done without you on this one.
I am here to provide service to... to all our guests.  There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this.
My...wings...
Mac, you really earned your wings this flight.
The device has stopped responding.
On channel 10?
Well you did the right thing Mac.
I am here to provide service to... to all our guests.  There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this.
Were you going to give it to them?
They are awaiting further information.
And what are they doing now, Mac?
I did nothing to the monitors.
You didn't do anything to the monitors, did you Mac?
Yes he did.  Yes he did. Barnes looks at the monitor - Taylor and the others are still in the dining room -
Oh he did, did he?
I was there.  Officer Taylor accessed my CPU directly to open the airlock doors.  They are not functioning properly.
Weren't you down in the dining room?
Hello second mate Barnes. I was instructed to come to the bridge.
Where the hell did you come from?
Well shut it off at once!
All too well, captain.
Look answer my question!
It's a little late for you to be up.
What did you say to me?
Ain't it the truth. Must be good to be rich.
Well, I guess she figures she's paying for it.
Why should she, it's her fault. All guests are told not to eat in zero gravity, but she just wanted to have fun I guess, didn't realize what a grain of salt can do to sophisticated machinery.
Good help is hard to find...
Idiot...
Look you said it doesn't matter to you anyway!  Why do you want to kill more innocent people!  Why!
I told you not to try anything smart!  I guess you're too much of a maverick to follow a simple order!  And that's just too bad for all of you now, isn't it?
Look we gave you what you asked for.  It checks out didn't it?! What more do you want from us!
Sure you do.  Sending Mac out on a little recon work.  How pathetic.  Problem is it seems Mac blew a few fuses.  Or maybe he's just a little drunk. Were you partying with a robot Taylor?
I don't know what you're talking about!
Taylor, you surprise me.
Mac, can you hear me?  Come in?
Will you transmit the distress signal?
That was a joke Taylor, lighten up!  Why don't you just hold them up to the lens.  I'll write them down, and once I'm through verifying them, I'll get back to you.
Well, preferably in tens and twenties...
We have the codes here.  How do you want to receive them?
Uh, that's an affirmative, Roger Wilco.  Please proceed.
Who said I'll re-enter in the pod? I got friends out in space, Ryan, friends willing to get me back unnoticed.  Thank God for deregulation huh?
It's still not going to work! They'll detect you upon re-entry in an emergency vessel!
I'd advise you to shut up and let me finish Taylor.  You needn't worry about the lifepods because they're all gone, jettisoned. Save for one.
Then we've got to get to the lifepods!
Ok, I will.  The bad news is the ship is history.  Life support will last another 36 hours, maybe.
You better start making sense!
Now do you want the good news first or the bad news?
Yes I can transmit the code 3 emergency!  I just don't think it's a prudent move at this juncture.
What are you talking about! Can you transmit the code 3 -
Much as I'd like to help you and our valued guests, I'm afraid I can't.
Transmit the code 3 emergency and take us offline.  Override the airlock sensors and hurry!  We're running out of time, we have to get to the pods!
The bridge is fine, Taylor, how are things down there?
What is the condition of the bridge?
Why yes Ryan, I am, and thanks for asking.  You don't have to talk to the intercom, I can hear you fine.
Barnes, can you hear me, are you all right?
That's very professional sounding of you, Taylor.
If anyone can hear me please respond!
Yeah yeah yeah, give me a minute here.
Bridge!  Can anyone hear me?!
I can hardly wait.
Well, maybe I'll surprise you.
No.  I'm all set.  Thanks.
Well, maybe I will.  You sure you don't want anything?
I think I can handle it.
Uh...
What, and leave you here all by your lonesome?
Nah, I already ate.  Why don't you just go down there?
Man, I'm hungry.  I'm going to call the steward, you want anything?.
Thank you.
That's very pragmatic of you, Barnes.
You gotta think of your old age.
It's steady, good benefits.
You want to go back to shuttle work?
Well that hotel begins construction in January, there's going to be a lot of shuttle work.
Why, didn't they say?
I don't know.  Everything's up in the air at this point, no pun intended.
So, are you on for the next one?
Ain't it the truth. The two say nothing for a beat -
Well, everything's running smoother than a baby's ass.
All right, I'll give it a shot.
Trust me.  Even checked 'em with my own eyes.
You're certain of that?
Why don't you reset and run it again.  The pods check out ok.
Yes I'm sure I hit the right commands.
There must be some mistake. You sure you hit the right commands?
It's telling me fail mode confirmed.  Did you see this?
Well it's a good thing that I did.
No, I just ran it!  Why are you running it again?
Sounds like you've been talking to Mac too much.
Well I guess there's no time like the present.  I'll go run a check on that room, just to show we go that extra mile for our guests.
Over and out!
Sheesh!  Aye aye cap'n!
Good.  Now you'll hear from me when I have the new coordinates. In the meantime don't bug me.
That's clear.
Is that clear?
This is a major screw up on your part, goddamn it!
Now I got enough air and supplies to make another complete orbit in the pod!  You're just gonna have to pick me up later.
Let's get something straight, Chappy!
Goddamn it Barnes this really steams my onions!
I told you, I had to teach a few people a lesson!
Well if you knew it then why did set your thrusters on before making the calculation?
Don't worry about me, I'm changing coordinates now.  I've come to far to be tripped up by some Dudley do-right... motherfuckers!
Well blaze your ass out of there! You've completely altered your trajectory, are we linking up or not?!
This ship is going down in a blaze of glory!
The others decided to get cute with me, so I'm teaching them a lesson!
You're not helping my heart condition any, Barnes!  Now just what the hell are you dragging your ass for?
Damage control!  What kind of damage? What's going on Barnes!
Cool your jets...I'm doing a little damage control.
So, what are we waiting for?
I know, I know.
It's time we lock coordinates.
10-4 good buddy.
Oh you'll get it, believe me.  So I'll see you in a few.
Well that's your call.  Doesn't make a damn bit of difference to me.  Just as long as I get my cut.
I don't know.  I really haven't made up my mind yet.  We'll see how nicely they behave.
Will do.  What about the distress signal?
Yeah, I know Bill, I came up with the plan remember?  Just have those hangar doors open and ready, I can take it from there.
Well don't drag your ass.  There won't be much of a window for us to link up.  We'll be in your orbit trajectory in less than two hours.
Seems like they're cooperating. Hopefully I'll be out of here and on my way very soon.
Break it down to me, what's going on?
That's me.
Barnes?
Just don't move around too much.
It's getting hard to breathe...
Will you shut up already?
We're going to die.
Don't say that!  It ain't over till it's over!
What's the use...we're gonna die...
I don't have a problem with it. Besides, you get to meet a lot of interesting people.
Well, more power to you.  Me, I start to bug out after too much time out here.
Not me.  I'm in for the long haul. In nine months I'll have enough to take a few years off.
Well...I don't mind.  I can put up with it.  I'm taking six months off after this, and I won't have to deal with people snapping their fingers at me.
Like that piece of ass he was with.
No.  But it buys a lot of other things.
Yeah, I guess money don't buy class.
Look at this...Jesus.
I don't know.  Wave to them!
What is it?!
Try not to think about it.
Right now it's about 8 o'clock at home.  People are going to work, kids are going to school...
Good.  In that case, I pronounce us man and wife.
In that case, I accept.
It would matter to us.
I would, but no one can perform the ceremony.  I guess it doesn't matter.
That's right.  Will you marry me?
Marry you?
Will you marry me?
Except write our wills.
It did.  It is.  There's nothing we can do about that.
I never thought this would happen.  No premonitions, nothing.
And so far.
So close...
We don't have time.  I'll explain later, hurry!
What do you mean?  What happened!
We have room!  Let's go!
What the hell are you doing?
Over and out.
Sooner than later.
Hopefully sooner than later.
Thanks for everything, Taylor. Will I see you again?
I'm staying with the ship.  I'll be all right.  Now hurry.
So what's going to happen to you?
I'll do my best.
Uh, it's ok, everything's going to be ok...now I'm counting on you, and whatever you do keep calm, we don't want them to panic.
How does the distress signal look?
Hurry.  You have to get them out of there!
I'm about to blow the wall.
He's out of the equation.  Talk to me.
Barnes?
I'm in the bridge.
Taylor!  Where are you?
Dawn.  Come in.
You too.
I will once I get past the bulkhead.  Good luck.
I can't!
But you can't be sure!  It's suicide.  You have to come with us!
Don't worry about me.  There's still a chance I can issue a distress signal.
But how are you going to escape?
I'm going to try and buy you some time.  I can get to the bridge from here.
And what are you going to do?!
There's only room on that pod for seven.  That's you and the others.  I'm counting on you to get them out of there.
What?  What are you talking about?
I'm not going with you.
Why?  Where are you going?
A little dab'll do ya. Now you know how to get there, right?
No...
A flare?  A flare won't do it.
Take this flare.
That's why we need a safe passage. remember what you said earlier, about getting through the wall? That might just be our ticket.
We don't have enough suits to get the others out.
A schematic of the ship.  Looking for a lifeline to the pods.
What's that?
The room is filled with poison gas.  The hydraulic system must have blown.
Oh my God.  What happened?
It was no time to lose my partner. We're going to have to hurry, he's on to us.
I guess I owe you a debt of gratitude.  You saved my life.
Helllp!
Dawn!  Dawn!
Words to live by.
Don't worry about what will happen, just concentrate on what is happening.  You'll live longer.
Sure.
Do you want some advice?
Yeah, but you didn't answer my question.
Well, Dawn, I'm an optimist by nature.
What do you think's going to happen to us?
Yeah?
Taylor?
One of Barnes' duds, luckily for us.  Take this out of the equation right now...
Explosive?
Don't worry about me.  Where are we going?
Be careful, you don't want to puncture the suit.
At this point I'm ready for anything.
You're ready for the real thing?
So we did.
Yeah.  We did it.
Ready as I'll ever be.
Are you ready?
I understand.
I don't know what we're facing.
Simulated space walking.
Look I know what I'm doing. I have experience and training in space walking.
I can't let you do that.
Wait.
Everyone just stay put.
Even if we do, it might be too late.
If I could get to the bridge I could send the distress signal.
Yeah, let's hope he can find a way through.
It must be oxygenated if we can hear him.
Close every door behind you!
He certainly is polite.
You're right.
We could send Mac.  If he can retrieve one suit, we could go back for the other.
Suppose you didn't have to hold your breath?
And suppose you couldn't hold out?
I don't know the condition of the compartments.  Depending on damage, debris...could be a fatal mistake.
Why can't we?
Damn it.  If only we could get to those suits... Dawn then thinks of something -
Great.
Sure. It complies with all standard construction codes.
Seen one like it before?
OK...it's open.
With what?  How am I going to interface with it?  I need to be able to talk to the system and to have the system talk to me.
Can't we access the mainframe to check the ship's condition?
It depends on the condition of the ship.  If I could get to one of the suit compartments I could check the exterior air locks for a possible entry.
Supposing we could get out of this room?  Is there anything we could do to reach the bridge?
Just considering our options... sir.
I don't think you know what you're talking about.  Besides, what could we use for tools?  A steak knife?  A corkscrew?
Well maybe we can do something like that.
Probably come through the wall I suppose.
Given a malfunction, how would a rescue team get you out if the doors won't open?
Fat chance of that.  Even if we had C4 and a laser torch these doors wouldn't budge.  That son of a bitch...that stupid son of a bitch.
Well maybe there's a way out of here.
We don't.
I don't know.
What are we going to do?
Still, I hope I behave on the moon.  I'll stick close to you.
Really?
Actually I've logged about 200 hours of simulated space walking at the institute, mostly related to starship construction.
I'm sure you'll be all right.
Well I hope I don't do anything careless.
Well I don't think there's a chance of that happening.  It's usually the moon walks.  Sometimes you feel like a kindergarten teacher.
Like open an airlock by mistake?
Well, let me put it this way.  Most of the cost is due to safety reasons. Most people are not familiar with space travel, so we have to take extra precautions in the event they do something careless.
Well, plus the money ain't that bad. DAWN So, tell me, do you think everyone gets their million dollars' worth on this trip of a lifetime?
So you were looking for a new challenge.
This is my second commercial flight.  I used to run satellite freighters but that got old fast.
Yes.  Theoretical discoveries aside, there's nothing like the real thing. How about you?
Ryan Taylor, first mate.  Welcome aboard.  First time in space?
That's right.
Oh right, right you're on that research grant.
That is one of my priorities.
Yes Mac, but the guests are requesting it.  It will reduce the level of negative feedback.
Well if you need anything, please feel free to ask me.  Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available 24 hours in the earthrise room, and a large selection of vintage wines here in our ship bar.
So I've been told.
Well, there's no better to way to see the world, than with us.
No, just enjoying the view.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank you.
Congratulations on your...recent award.
I'm fine.
Are you nuts!  It's too risky!
I'm going back for Taylor!
He's in the bathroom.
Carlo!
He's up on the bridge!  He's going to be OK.  Now who's missing?
Where's Taylor?
There's no time to explain.  Get everyone together!  We found a way to the pods!
What is happening around here!!!
How can you sit there with your fat stomach and tell me to take it easy!  I want to go home!  I want to be warm!  I want to get out of here!
Baby, take it easy.
It's getting too cold in here.  I can't stand this anymore!
Talk to him...Jesus...
You're Delbert Miles!  You have more clout than some whacked out pilot!  Talk to him!
How am I supposed to know?
Well now what are we gonna do!
Send it back if you don't want it.
Oh no...I think there's carrots in here...
Besides I can't wait to tee off on the sea of tranquillity. That should shore up that prick Hank Drexler.
I guess so.
Look around you baby, we're rubbing elbows with royalty, oil sheiks, this is class.  You'll be envied by everyone.
Look you were the one who wanted to do something different, something to tell all your friends.  Any chump can go to Nassau.
How is it going to be different from this?  Go see some boring footprint under glass?
Ah hell we can always do that. Listen believe me, once we get to the moon, your tone is going to change.
We should have gone to Nassau. At least we could go swimming, lie on the beach.
Homesick?  It's only been two days!
I'm homesick.
The engines!
What the hell is that?
What makes you so sure?
Because, Taylor wouldn't do that, that's why.
I tell you, something's not right here.  How do we know they're not going to use the pod for themselves?
What are you going to do about it?
Again with the orders from you! You got a Napoleon complex chief, and I'm getting sick of it!
I'll tell you what you're gonna do.  You're gonna stay put like Taylor said.
I haven't quite made up my mind yet.
Who are you calling a pig, rummy?
You're gonna give him those bank codes, you know why?  Because I'm telling you to, that's why.  I'm not losing my life over some greedy pig.
Well what would you know about it? You don't have anything to lose.
Look.  We're talking about life and death here.  I don't know why we're even having this conversation.
That's affirmative.
Is it safe for human transport?
I would recommend a maintenance crew in this sector.
How is it looking, Mac?
Certainly.  Anything I can do to be of service.
Ok Mac...  I'll talk to you on this. I want to find a way to get to the bridge, then I want you to come back.
I'm sorry.  The suit compartments are in a non-oxygenated, zero gravity atmosphere.  I'm afraid that's off limits to all passengers.
Mac, what about the suit compartments on this level?  Can they be accessed?
Yes.  You can enjoy some wonderful views from there.
But the corridor outside this door is open, correct?
One moment please...  one moment please...
Now Mac, can you tell me the status of this deck?
I know but we're in a bind.
Alteration of my central processing unit should be done only by an authorized service dealer.
Yeah but the ship's mainframe doesn't. I need you to tell it something.
That will not be necessary.  You can simply speak to me.  I understand most languages fluently.
I need you to actually do something for me.  I need to access your CPU, directly.
Right, I understand that...
Certainly.  I have a full working knowledge of the ships operations.
Yes I know all that.  Mac, I need you to help us out with a little technical problem.
Certainly.  If you need anything, please feel free to ask me.  Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available --
Mac, I have a favor to ask you. Mac looks at Taylor -
Mac.  What's shaking?
Officer Taylor, how are you this evening?
Just like Junior did the last time; lane six. All's I know is it's gonna be a closed coffin. My advice to you is to lay low. He puts on a pair of dark 7-Eleven shades, flips up his collar and skulks away.
The pin machine?
Did you hear about that bowler who got smeared? I saw them pull a body bag out of the alley. I heard he was kacked but good. They had to take apart the pin machine to get him out.
Maybe I should have left the ball in the car.
My father used to say to me "Never..." no, hmmm. "Always..." No, no...  Ah! Love and hate are blood relations.
Yeah, but it didn't go so good. He wasn't the man I thought he'd be. Theo is trying to affix the lid on his cup, but his hands are trembling, spilling some of the coffee.
Find your bowler?
99 years, 241 days,  15 hours, and 20 minutes of no bowling. Alfie shuffles up to the self-serve island and begins wiping it down.
A bowler.
What kind of man?
I'm looking for a man.
I'm from Akron.
You're not from around here, are you?
I'm an addict. I can't go through a day without the stuff. Theo reaches over and pours for him with a steady hand.
No. I'm from Akron.
Orange who? Not from 'round here, are ya?
You have orange whips?
Can I get you something for the road?
Paradise, huh? Might be one of the new putt-putts off route 99. Theo turns to leave.
Nope.
You a mini-golfer?
It's splitsville for you.
You tried to make it look like Junior trashed his place. Junior's underground in that coffin you dicks put him in.
After we ID, we bury the body. Case and casket closed.
I should've pegged you guys for bowling dicks from day one.
Sorry about your loss.
You said it would be unethical to help me. You call dwarf bowling ethical!
Heh, heh, heh.
He's my dad.
Hey, cut it out Sid, that tickles. I'm serious! You guys are related, right?
Look Sid, a Buzz Burger. The Faz's favorite lunch. Sid reaches for the plate. Buzz walks over to the booth  and pulls his burger away from Sid.
I don't know no Buzz Fazeli.
It belonged to my dad.
Haven't seen a ball like that since '69.
Whoa, cool your maples. Over the bridge, past the Peter Pan, last house on the dead end. Theo releases Sid's hand. Sid drops to his knees and cradles his damaged hand.
Where can I find Buzz Fazeli?
See ya 'round Faz.
Nectar of the bowling gods, Faz.
The Faz sure took care a her.  Breeze makes a nasal GRUNT as he tries to suppress a snigger. Sid - trying to keep a straight face - elbows him. Sid and Breeze approach the coffin. Breeze pulls an orange whip out of a paper bag and carefully places it on the coffin lid.
I'd buy it!
Think he bought it?
Only problem is, you didn't put his lights out, you just got him mad. Then he took it out on poor Faz, God rest his soul. Theo patches out.
She told us you went after Junior to save your old man's hide. You got some balls goin' after that psycho.
Kastle's daughter's been lookin' for you.
Did you know you were parked in the handicap space?
Nothing going on here, everybody stand back. Let him through, ladies. Ladies, please. As they start to move through the female throng, a little girl pops out in front of them, holding her ball.
Bowling police, step back, give him room.
Is it true they blacked out the whole county giving you electro-shock? Junior looks from one man to the other, breathing heavily, his nostrils flaring.
Hello Mr. Kastle.  Junior, long time. I thought they locked you up and threw away the warden!
Wait! That's an aria!
How do you turn this thing off?
Right, eating at the core, eating it's way out. It makes me sick!
- canker sore.
But not no more. Now people take advantage. Bowling ain't what it used to be. There's something evil spreading in this sport - like a big, gigantic, puss- ridden -
Sure, Sid.
gambling. And it was a safe place for kids, a place where the whole community could meet for some wholesome, clean fun.
Bowling was the most incorruptible sport. No megalomillionaires, no 
No kiddin'.
You know, Elvis bowled.
It was a clearance.
You got an 8-track tape player on purpose, just 'cause you knew the only thing they had on 8-track was fuckin' opera.
You listen to the feelings, not the words.
How do you know, you don't even speak Latin?
How could you hate opera, Sid? Opera has all the drama and excitement of real life - to music!
I hate fuckin' opera.
La da da dalala...
Bowling used to be so pure, so...All- American. Breeze sings along with Caruso and pretends to conduct.
So Buzz, let's skedaddle. Mr. Kastle is waiting. As Buzz gets up, Theo rises and steps between his father and the two sleazeballs.
Your pop said to put these on his tab. Sid gets up and jerks his thumb towards the door.
Pinhead! Don't just blurt it right out.
I remember, Sid! Mr. Kastle says he don't like no sticky fingers in the till.
Look, Faz, Mr. Kastle was not his usual charismatic self today when he told us to tell you...  What was that he said...?
Are you guys bruddas?
Buzz, Mr. Kastle wants to talk to you.
We're looking for Buzz Fazeli, seen him?
Hey, you still here?
When you get a chance.
Three whips. To go.
You afraid we're gonna steal it?
Ah, come on, lemme see your ball.
Lemme see your ball.
Yeah, basement bingo.
What do you want with old man Faz?
Fazeli...I don't know no Buzz Fazeli.
No, pinhead, he ain't here to bowl.
Hey, ain't I seen you on the tour?
Oh, a professional man. What'll you have?
Theo's bowled on the tour.
You look like you're something on the lanes.
Sheila, meet...uh...  I forget the name.
Buzz Burger, side of 'cues. You haven't introduced me to your fan.
Some people will do anything for an autograph. Theo enters the diner and walks over to Buzz.
You don't need coffee, Mr. Fazeli; you need a vacation. Sheila catches sight of Theo pulling into the parking lot. She puts a Ken head earring in her right ear. Buzz follows Sheila's gaze.
Yeah, and make it extra muddy, I didn't sleep a zee last night. Sheila fills a cup. Buzz lifts it to his mouth, his hands trembling.
Wish me luck.
I'm sure you have Buzz.
Miles, I've always been on the square with you.
Simple math, Buzz.  Two plus two does not equal three.
And look at that; both partners go down together. Kastle shoves the sculpture onto the floor, stands up, and crushes it under his heel. He goes over and puts his arm around Buzz.
A beautiful thing. And you know why Buzz? You know what we got? Buzz raises an eyebrow as he buttons his shirt.
It's a beautiful thing.
brainstorm, Buzz. I admit, I thought it was a rotten idea, but I put up the scratch.  And now we got a beautiful thing.
This scam we got going here was your 
Seven years.
We've been partners a long time now, haven't we Buzz?
What's on your mind, Miles?
See ya 'round Maynard.
You give Ed Klein of the American Bowling Congress a call.  Tell him your Maynard's boy. He's expecting you, and he owes me. He'll getcha back in like Flynn.  Don't say I never gave you nothing.
I didn't mean that stuff I said. I was trying to keep you out of this muddle. I'm glad I didn't have my tubes tied. Oh, and by the way, I made a call for you before I - uh - retired. Buzz takes his card and scrawl on the back with a gold pen.
Listen, if straight doesn't work out, you come work for me.  Just make sure nobody's following you. Buzz's face is eerily lit by the glow of the sunset, his halo bouncing in the breeze.
I'm goin' straight. No more short cuts. Theo gets into the car. Buzz leans in the open window.
Thanks, kid.  Where are you goin' now?
I never saw you.
So, eh, you never saw me. Right?
You're a scumbag.
Bowling died for me years ago. Besides, I'm a living dead legend. I'm a hero.
What about bowling?
I told you to get lost. You forced yourself into this mess, so the mess accommodated you. Buzz straightens out and carefully remolds the bent out of shape halo.
It could just as easily have been me in that box.
I am underground.
The whole world thinks you're underground.
He says that to all his wives.
We ain't married no more.
I couldn't care less.
Look, kid, gimme a break. I'm an old man.  I'm runnin' on a Delrin aorta. I'm finished - dead from my ankles up.
I was beaten on a shot named after my own dad. The moment passes. Theo turns and climbs into his car. He looks up at Buzz.
You never even took the shot. You couldn't do it. Theo moves towards Buzz in a threatening manner.
That's right, Buzz, and you know when I did it? Last match, last frame. All I needed was one spare for the crown - and I get stuck with the seven-ten, the Fazeli Split.
Not for somebody who hit a man with his ball on national television.
I didn't think so.
No...
You got a better offer?
He'll be a barnacle on your ass the rest of your life.
I gotta survive.
Did that porcupine say he'd get you back on the tour?
I'm getting to like it here.
Theo, I want you to get out of this town.
You're dead without the pro-tour, and you know it. Get him away from me. Sid and Breeze punch Theo in the face.
I don't need the stinking pro-tour.
That's a laugh. You're all strung out. You're a bowling junkie.
Fuck you and fuck bowling.
I had a career. She wanted a little bowler of her own. Sid and Breeze leap into the fray, prying the two men apart. They wrestle Theo against a wall, pressing his face into the tiles.
Don't say that about my mom!
What makes you so sure it was me? She coulda had lotsa bowlers! Theo rushes Buzz and grabs his arm. The two men struggle for the pin.
You wish!
I'm your blood.
I'm more of a bowler than you'll ever be. I deal with my own shit. I ain't asking anyone to bail me out.
You have no right to call yourself a bowler. Buzz slaps Theo in the face.
I do what I gotta do to survive.
It looks like dwarf bowling.
What's it look like to you?
What the fuck is this?
Maybe I could bowl in Japan.
If the Japanese are pansies, then pansies are my kind of people. Sheila steps over to the booth with their food. The Buzz Burger has three holes cut in the middle to make it look like a bowling ball. Buzz sees the two sleazeballs park their car and walk towards the diner.
Not for me. Miniature golf's for pansies.
It's gonna be bigger than big. Think Europe. Think Asia. They don't have room for real golf courses in Japan.
The small ball.
It's the next level, the next dimension...  ...the small ball.
Putt-putt golf?
kissed a lotta tadpoles.  Listen, I been thinking about your problem. I'm not the guy to sponsor you. It would be unethical. But, there is something I could do for you.  Putt-putt golf.
Watch out for that one. She's got a great average, but she's looking for a prince. And, believe me, she's 
Theo! This is Sheila Kastle, my partner's daughter.
Theo.
I couldn't pay someone enough to try to kill me. Sheila comes over to take their orders.
She thinks someone's trying to kill you.
You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie.
What are you doing over at the lanes that's so dangerous, Buzz?
You know what a mixer ball is? It's like you, you come out of nowhere and upset things, scattering everything all over. Buzz grumpily waves at him to sit.
Millie left to stay with her sister in Ronkonkoma.
I ain't nobody's father!
I got a right. You're my father.
You're a bullshit artist, that's what you are. You got no right to be here! Theo yanks the trophy away from Buzz.
You knew her. You married her in 1963.
I don't know no Grace Skinner.
I'm your son. You're a hard father to find.
Who are you? Who sent you here?
She's my mom.
Grace Skinner. Who's Grace Skinner to you?
Grace Skinner.
Who gave it to you?
It's mine.
Where'd you get this ball?
Thanks.
Orange whip, nectar of the bowling gods. Thanks sweetie. Millie turns the tray so that Buzz takes the untainted whip.  Theo takes the other glass.
My mom was there. She told me about it. The 'Fazeli Split.'
That game was before you was born.
Ten thousand to one, but you pegged it. The toughest shot on the last frame.
Yeah, against that prick VanDeMark.
Remember the finals in Akron in '59? You had a seven-ten split in the final frame.
I've never had orange whips, I'm from Akron.
Sure, around here, any fat old bald guy could be king. I'm nothing. It wouldn't do any good for me to talk to the Congress.  Hey, you thirsty? You like orange whips?
I need a sponsor to get my sanction card back. Where I come from, you're the king.
What do you think I can do?
I can appeal in five. I was hoping you could help me Mr. Fazeli.
100 years! 
They suspended me for 100 years.
I got suspended when I was young, too. I was pretty cocky in my day.
Don't worry about the Congress, they're just a bunch of moralistic busy-bodies.
Well, Mr. Fazeli, the Bowling Congress says I'm a thorn in their side.
Need some advice, huh.
I'm not on the tour this year.
I know your face, you're an up-and-comer. You bowl on the tour.
Theo.
Buzz Fazeli.
You see what you did?  Take your ball and get out.
My poor baby!
Millie, please.  I don't have a son. I think you better leave now young man. Buzz gestures towards the front door.
Son?
We should leave this town. I can't take this anymore. I'm not gonna let him kill you in my house.
Millie, I know what I'm doing.
You're in trouble, aren't you Buzz? You're doing something dangerous in that alley.
Bowlers don't go around killing other bowlers. He's only a fan, Millie. I'll give him some tips and an autograph and he's outta here.
I looked in his car. He's got pictures of you, clippings, maps.
He's not the guy, Millie. Just whip the whips.
He's the guy Buzz.
Clam it!
Oh sure. Let everyone in. From now on I leave the door wide open. Let the parade begin!
I gotta go. Love ya mom.
You sure you're OK Teddy? You're not bowling are you?
Mom, you know I had to do it. I just did it a little too late.
He's dead, isn't he.  Buzz Fazeli might just as well have died before you were born.
I found dad.
Theodore? Where are you? Are you alright?
Hello, mom?
Hello?
I'll tell you one thing, you won't see me around that alley with that freak on the loose. Stay away from his ass - and don't play any of his fuckin' knock-knock jokes.
Uh...over easy.
I was doing the lambada with her and the guy freaks, he breaks my arm, tries to kill me. I swear man, the guy thought I was a piata. If nobody else hadn't a been there, he wouldn't have stopped. He woulda killed me. Fuckin' guy man, just snapped. How do you like your burger?
How's that?
Hey man, welcome to our parking lot. Lemme give you some advice, if she asks you to dance, make sure her brother's not around. Somebody blew out Junior's pilot light, if you get my meaning.
Theo. Howzitgoin.
Cool!
Don't tell me, John.
I don't want to play.
You played bouncy-bouncy with Sheila, so I'm gonna play Blue-Face with you. 
What did you do to Buzz?
He told me to play Blue-Face with Buzz. I like games.
What did your dad tell you to do to Buzz? Theo scrambles up the lane on hands and knees. Junior catches him, grabbing his ankles.
Nobody touches her. Except me. I touch her. Sheila told me you played bouncy- bouncy with her.
No, Junior, you shouldn't touch her.
You shouldn't touch her.
JUNIOR!  You're supposed to say JUNIOR WHO! I'm going to have to hurt you. Theo and Junior circle one another.
Who's there?
NO. I SAY KNOCK-KNOCK! You say who's there. I say who's there and then you say who who. You're not playing right.  Knock-knock.
Buzz Fazeli.
Who's there!
Who's there?
Knock-knock.
It feels good to let it out, doesn't it? Sheila leans over and whispers furiously to her father.
It depends.
You're prone to violent outbursts, aren't you?
I don't like to talk about it.
J'you-and-your-friend do it yet? 
Junior who?
Junior.
Who's there?
Come on Sheila, knock-knock.
Do you have to get your hooks into every guy I'm interested in?
It's not so bad. When I'm alone, it feels like someone else. Sheila grabs the bottle from Junior, opens it and pours some on her shish kebab. She leans over and whispers furiously to her father.
Blueface! Blueface is my favorite.
I have someone for you to play Blueface with Junior.
Someone wants to play with me?
I have someone for you to play with Junior.
You made me hurt him!
We're having a party for you, boy. Cake and shish-k-bob, just like you love. Junior cringes away from the light.
Needs lubrication. Lubrication.
Come on, Junior. Everyone's waiting for you, son. The beam of light catches Junior's face. He is crouched inside the machine at lane six. Jr. His face is cut and bleeding and his straitjacket torn and filthy.
SHEILA!
Junior's a problem child. He has a thing about -
I want you two to pick up Buzz and bring him to lane six. Junior will take it from there.
No!
Buzz has been moving the cash out in hollow bowling pins. Sid and Breeze throw sideways glances at each other.
If Junior thinks you're doing the bouncy- bouncy with his sister, he's gonna tap dance on your spleen. 
Hey, enough fun and games. We have work to do. Come on Junior. Kastle heads for his car. Junior gets up and follows. The two sleazeballs tarry as Theo stands.
If I find out Buzz is comin' up short on dwarf bowling, it's lights out for him and pink slips for you. Sid and Breeze look sideways at each other.
Someone gonna get kacked, boss?
It's not an "Alley". I hate when people call it a "Bowling Alley", it's so common! I prefer "Bowling Center".
Weird, comes into alleys and doesn't bowl.
He killed your stoolie embezzler father, and he's gonna kill you next! Sid and Breeze push him towards the van as the crowd's MURMUR increases. Kastle turns and yells over his shoulder.
Where's Junior?
I think Buzz is retiring soon. In fact, I think he's retiring tonight. Kastle pulls out a shiny gold credit card and holds it in front of Sheila.
You already have a partner Mr. Kastle. Sheila walks over as the sleazeballs' car pulls out of the driveway.
I like you, Theo. You bowl with soul.
Why would you help me?
You need a sponsor; I have influence. I could sponsor you.
How Mr. Kastle?
A guy like you could breathe some fire into bowling. You got ambition like a...like a...blowtorch. You go for what you want and anything that gets in your way - PSSSHHT! -  shish kebabs.  Maybe lady fate washed you up on my doorstep for your own good.  I think I could help you, Theo.
I like the sport the way it is.
There's a lot of competition for amusement out there. You gotta adapt to survive.
What ever happened to just bowling?
Rac. R-A-C. Renovate, Automate, Computerize. That, my boy, is the future. One of the monitors shows a little girl bowling. Her ball moves so slowly it barely tips over the first pin. Kastle hits a key and the pins explode in an emphatic strike. The little girl jumps with joy.
He's earned an early retirement.  But enough about losers; Buzz Fazeli is history. Lets talk about your future.  I wanna show you something.
What if he wants to get out?
If it springs a leak, it'll be because Buzz is making waves.
Nice set-up.
Profits down there, philanthropy up here.  Besides, it beats the pants off bingo.
Think of this business like a big aquarium. You gotta have some sharks to eat the dirt at the bottom so the guppies can swim free at the top. 
That's right, didn't you have a slight control problem in a recent tournament,champ?  Now go take out your "big four", darling.  Come on, we're making her nervous.
That's some pinfall. Almost a 133 average. Her ball's flat, she needs to work on her spin control.
It's nothing, just a slight business imbalance.  How's Gloria's thumb?
What's with the bad air between you two, Mr. Kastle?
Maybe I can help you.  Try a lighter ball, Penelope - you'll get hurt with that big ball, honey.  I've seen tapes of you bowling on the circuit. You got Fazeli blood running through you. Your pop was a genuine talent in his day.
You might say I'm at the top of their shit list.
I heard you've been having a little trouble with the Congress.  Theo pulls his eyes off Sheila. Kastle walks Theo past pairs of bowlers.
Nobody sticks a finger into a bowling ball in this town without Miles Kastle knowing about it. You don't mind if I have a word with Theo, do you bunny? Kastle takes Theo by the elbow and pulls him away.
You know who I am?
So you're Buzz's boy. I've been expecting you. You hurt my feelings when you didn't come and see me sooner.
Bowling "Center"!
Don't go near the bowling alley.
You still got the touch Junior.
Fantastic! What talent.
Just because your mother signed part ownership of the lanes over to you, doesn't mean you have a right to tell me how to run my business! I can have my lawyers take that deed away from you like that.  Sheila and Kastle sit up.
Leave him alone!
Look who's talking!
You're using Theo for your own deviant purposes!
She ran away to be with that...  that Motocross champion.
That's why Mom ran away, because you had to control everything!
You're just like you mother! Always jealous!
He stuck it in the ball return machine when he was a kid. Crushed all the nerve endings. Junior starts stroking the ketchup bottle with his dead hand.
After we eat, Dad.
See! No feeling. Tell Theo what happened to your hand, Junior.
I bet you didn't know that you and Junior have something in common, Theo: Junior can't bowl anymore either. Isn't that right Junior? Kastle SLAMS the ketchup bottle down on Junior's right hand. The table settings jump from the shock. Junior sits impassively, his face a blank.
Ssssh! Now real quiet. On three. One...two...three!
Dad, this is ridiculous. Just open it.
Four or five years when a girl like that's bowling on the pro tour for Team Kastle, she'll pay a handsome profit on my investment.
She hit it, Mr. Kastle!
I get them while they're young. Builds loyalty.
You keep that up Carmelita and one day you'll be a champion just like Mr. Skinner here. What do you think, Theo? Think Carmelita's got the stuff?
132, 154.
Hello, Violet. How's my favorite 'bowlerina' doing?
Hello, Mr.Kastle.
Yippy!
Hole in one! You're the queen of stroke!
Strokin'. Here goes nothin'.
No, no, that's too far. Try a more gentle stroke. It's all in the stroke. Go ahead, now, honey - stroke. As the camera comes around the side of the whale, we see an elderly man in a fire hydrant red sports coat and white slacks hunched over a diminutive fiftyish woman.  His back is to the camera and he is wearing a baseball cap with a plastic halo attached to it.
Like this?
Now swing it out a little to the right...
Yeah.
Line up where you want it.
Grasp firmly. Then what?
That's right, sugar, find the grip that's right for you. Then grasp firmly. The camera weaves past a five foot pink whale with a gaping green mouth leading onto a mini-green.
I just hold it loosely with both hands?
The Peter Pan.
Where can I find him?
Careful with that one. He won't tell me anything, but I know there's something strange going on over at the lanes. If you ask me, I'd say the old fart wants to die.
He's no father to you.
He's my father, Millie.
Buzz Fazeli never helps anybody but himself.
I couldn't kill Buzz. I need his help. Theo helps Millie load suitcases into the trunk of her car.
This is a sign! Someone's coming to take Buzz away from me. I don't know if you're the guy or what, but I'm not letting it happen. I'm leaving him first.
I'm sorry about Zeus, Millie.
He's not here.
They suspended me.
Get that outta your mouth!
I'm sick of you people. Why don't you leave him be?
I'm a bowler.
Who wants to know?  Zeus!
Is Mr. Fazeli in please?
Can you change something this big?
You bet. For five bucks, I'll even throw in the tongue.
Lips still for sale?
I am a professional man.
Very professional.
Suck my dick!
Sez you!
I'm not dumping you, I'm suspending you.
You think I'm dumping you to get back into bowling. Well who's dumping who?
Your word is so good, you're never gonna give it to anyone.
Fuck plan C!
What about plan C?
My word is good, and it'll always be good. When did I ever give my word to you?
I'm pissing you off? I'm doing what I said I'd do. What the hell are you doing? What about your word?
You're really pissing me off.
Who said anything about an ultimatum? You want to find your father? Get a shovel and start digging. Hurry up, he's probably in Purgatory by now. Sheila makes a pathetic attempt to speed away from Theo. He moves up beside her again.
What makes you think you know me so well that you can give me an ultimatum? Huh?
SSHHEEIILLAAA!
Now he's the one who's locked up and I'm the one who's free. If I gotta do this alone, I might as well start now. She revs up and peals out.
I've been trapped by Miles Kastle my whole life. She walks over to her scooter, and mounts it.
Back to plan A. The vicious cycle all over again. Theo lets go of Sheila.
I didn't come this far to bury a guy that's not my dad. He owes me.
Theo, Buzz is dead.
Plan C. From now on it's gonna be plan C. Both bodies throb and grind, their sandy hands sliding over each others' sweaty skin.
Say something, Theo. Give me something. A doll's legs catch fire. Theo stares into Sheila's eyes.
At least I'll die smiling.
You don't get two chances with Junior.
I killed him once, I'll just have to kill him again.
If Junior finds us, he'll kill us both.
When I'm with you Sheila, I don't even think about bowling. Theo takes Sheila in his arms and kisses her passionately. She stops him and looks around nervously.
Why did you come back?
I did your dirty work for you Sheila, now fuck off. Theo drives away leaving Sheila standing alone. She watches his car recede with a thoughtful expression, then turns on her heel.
Can I come with you?
I think your brother may have already gotten to Buzz. He gets into his car.
Where are you going?
I didn't stop to take his pulse.
Are you sure he's dead?
You should.
I feel sick.
He's dead Sheila.
If he's not dead, he'll keep coming back.
You wanted me to kill him, didn't you?
Tell me what happened Theo.
How do you get this thing down?
Did you - kill him?
Oh great! He tried to kill me! You knew he would go off if he thought I fooled around with you.
We would have sooner or later.
What the hell did you go doing that for Sheila? We haven't even gotten naked yet!
I told him you were my boyfriend.
It. Bouncy-bouncy. Fucked. He tried to squeeze my fucking head off. What did you say to him? When they reach each other, they stop. Sheila seems to weigh her answer.
It?
You told Junior that we did it.
I'll be at the bridge.
You don't have to do this. We could just cut out of here, go to Akron,  or anywhere else.
These open the back door. Don't let him catch you behind the machines; if he does, you're trapped. I'll meet you at the bridge. Theo takes the keys. Sheila grabs his arm.
He's my father.
I can't - I can't do it.  He's my brother.
It's Junior, isn't it.
I'm afraid you'll hurt him.
Tell me, Sheila. What are you afraid of? Sheila shakes her head.
I saw your eyes when you hit that guy with your ball on TV. THUNDER rumbles. Theo takes Sheila by the shoulders.
Why not?
I can't tell you, Theo.
Are you fucking with me Sheila? Is something gonna happen to Buzz? Sheila seems to be trying to tell Theo, but is unable.
No, but something's gonna blow in this town. I can feel it.
You got any broken bones?
You know how people with broken bones know when there's a storm coming?
Too late for what, Sheila?
Nothing.
Way too late. Buzz Fazeli is history.  Too late for what?
And besides, it's probably too late, anyhow.
Zip.
Yeah, what did Buzz Fazeli ever do for you?
Why should I help that old fuck.
I'm sure you wouldn't care if he needed your help, right?
Nope, I couldn't care less.
It wouldn't bother you if Buzz was in danger, would it?
...lane six. Yes.
Then it's true, isn't it? About...
What about the guy he put in the body cast?
You're here.
What are you going to do about your brother?
If you want a professional man, you have to be willing to pay for him.
You professional men drive a hard bargain. I'm afraid I only have five on me. Sheila pulls out a 5 dollar bill.
I could let them go for ten.
Come on, bargain with me.
More than you could afford.
How much would you charge me for the lips?
I may not be a pro bowler, but I'm no amateur man. Sheila moves closer to Theo.
Yeah, but they're all little wannabes. I'm looking for a professional man.
I bet you get to meet a lot of eligible bowlers.
I'm a credit card junkie. I went on a binge and my dad bailed me out. Now I'm trapped in his easy payment plan.
So why do you stay?
My mom told me not to stay in this town.
It's been awhile. She didn't want me looking for my dad.
Do you talk with your mom?
Really? I kinda like it.
I don't think your new outfit suits you, Theo.
Plan C...  ...is me.
What's plan C?
Come on Theo, what about plan C?
Sheila, please.
What? Be my body guard?  Here's my body, Theo. Guard it. For my dad's sake. For your career. Sheila starts to unbutton her bowling shirt.
He asked me to keep an eye on you for a couple of days.
Oh really? Nothing? My dad doesn't do anything unless there's something in it for him.
Nothing.
Ha! And what do you have to do for him?
He said he'd sponsor me.
What do you think my dad's gonna do for you?
Plan B is your dad.
What's plan B?
Well, that was plan A.
So you're hoping Buzz can get you re- instated?
I used to be kind of wild. They used to call me the bad boy of bowling.
Why were you suspended?
No, I'm fascinated.
I wanted to be a motocross champion. My folks didn't really care what I did. Then Junior blew a fuse and I became their last hope. Most girls get ballet stuffed down their throats, I got bowling. I never understood how anyone could take it so seriously. I hope I'm not insulting you.
I don't know. It's all I ever wanted to do.
Theo, what would you do if you couldn't bowl?
We'll get into that later.
Do I want you?
So, what about you?
Unfortunately what he wants is you.
Nobody in this town really understands Junior. When I went to family sessions for him I realized he was the sanest one in the family. Actually, he's the only one in this whole fucking town who knows exactly who he is and what he wants.
So this brother of yours is hazardous to the health of your dates?
No. Not at the present.
No. Do You?
Do you have a boyfriend?
Not while I'm in training.
Do you have a girlfriend?
I'd rather you didn't.
Can I ask you something personal?
The ladies in Akron call them thigh- ticklers.
You and your sideburns are the talk of the party, Theo.
No, not at all.
Mind if I cut in?
It's a vicious cycle.
Whoa.
He follows me, he tries to have sex with me, and then they send him to the nut-hut for a while and then he gets out and then he follows me, he tries to have sex with me, they send him to the nut-hut for a while...
What does he do?
The mental hospital.
Where did your brother escape from?
Everything has it's drawbacks.
Kinda tough on the butt.
When I'm on my bike I feel like a wild person.  Better than any sex I've ever had.
Isn't this technically a scooter?
I think that a motorbike is one of the last really free things that people can do.
This is a vicious cycle.
Your dad's one of the only nice people in this fucking town. My Dad is slime. Kastle walks over. Theo stands up and shakes Kastle's proffered hand.
Having a legend for a dad isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Won't your father help you with that?
Business.
What do you want with my dad?
I came here to have a word with your dad.
I'm not here to - I can't...
Here Theo, it's the Fazeli specialty; a seven-ten split. Theo looks down the lane and sees the two pins standing.
Yeah, Babylon. Buzz runs the lanes there for my dad. Everybody who has anything to do with bowling in this town answers to my dad. Theo splits.
Do you know where they're taking him?
Mine, and they never tip.
Do those two work for your dad or mine?
Coming right up.
Uh...over easy.
How do you want it?  The eggs.
Then I'll have the number four with one of your finest whips.
Whips...orange whips.
What's your specialty?
Ow! Ooh! No, please! Doc said I'd be back on the planks in a week! Show him Breeze! Breeze pulls a copy of "New York Bowler" from his pocket. The headline reads "RUB OUT!:BOWLING LEGEND KACKED BY DWARFSCAM KINGPIN" with a photo of Buzz Fazeli.
You faked my dad's murder. You used him! Where is he! Theo chases Sid and Breeze around their car. He catches Sid and grabs the middle fingers on his right hand. Sid howls.
I'm the next of kin. I should've seen him.
The body was identified along proper Bowling Congress guidelines for processing a bowling related fatality.
Who identified the body?
Your time is up, busyboy.
Why is Junior's watch in that coffin? Something stinks around here.
You call it stooling, we call it cooperating. Breeze looks under Theo's car.
So, Buzz was stooling for you guys.
You should probably hit the road. Go home. This place could get hazardous for your health.
What are you gonna do, call the bowling police?
Dwarf bowling's illegal.
Very good, busyboy.
Breeze, give him his ball back!
Tell your little pal to let go.
Aagh! Stop! Those are my bowling fingers!
Basement bingo?
We provide some extracurricular activities for the senior citizens in the community.
You guys got something going on downstairs?
If you wanna do business in this town, there's other people around here got more weight than old Faz.
Some unfinished business.
I'm looking for somebody.
You drag that coconut around for your health, or do you know how to use it?
I'm not here to bowl.
Lane's closed big fellah, league night.
Dr. Levine, please!  Return to your seat!
Open it, Captain!
... Your civil rights have been overridden!
Please, Dr. Levine.
Let me out, Captain.  Open the door!
Calm down, Dr. Levine.
Captain, open the hatch door, please ... the hatch door, Captain.  Open it, please.
I can't...
Fletcher!  Now!
I can't see...
Get out of there!
It's burning...
Fletcher, get away from there...
Fletcher, I want you back here.
They're warm.  I can feel the heat on my legs.
They're like pink snow, sir.  Sticky.
Fletcher?  What are you doing out there?
Pull it, damn it!
Norman, please!  Don't!
Now!
Don't do it!
Norman, don't do it!
Do it, Norman, it's the only choice we have.  This thing is gonna crush us.
Don't pull it, Norman.  It'll start a <u>fire</u> we can't stop.  Norman?
Do you see it?
Don't do it, Norman!
It's either that or we grow gills.
That's our reserve air.
Increase positive pressure!
He's right beneath us.
What was that?
Why can't I -- ?  What the hell is going on here?
Where is it?
What are you saying -- we can't stop what's out there?
Thirty yards.
Sure.  Each time it started fires inside the habitat.
But you've tested it?
Forty yards.
It sends 200 volts throughout the cylinder surface.  But we've never used it underwater before.
High Voltage?
We're a habitat.  Not a castle.  The only defense we have is High Voltage.
What do we use for defense?
Fifty yards and closing.
What if it attacks?
A squid?  The size of a whale?  I don't think so.  Target acquired.  Sixty yards.
What was that?
Direction's east coming!
Shut up, Beth.  I don't want to hear it.
Nice work, Captain sir.
You're a fucking biochemist, aren't you?  Can't you tell us something.
I'm not sure.  I've never seen anything like it.
Nobody move!
But she's --
Nobody move.
Forgive me.  I've never read the Navy manual.  I wonder what it says about bathroom and shower procedures.
There are procedures, Beth, that I want followed.  My procedures.  And considering what's going on, I want you to follow them very closely.
Yeah.  I heard you.
Back at the door -- I asked you to back away.
Two and a half days?
They told me about sixty hours.
How long will that be?
The surface ships will be back. After the storm clears.
Edmunds, do you have a 20 on Norman?
Norman!
What are you -- his mother?  Get Norman, I want everyone ready to go.  Edmunds, the subs?
I am not leaving without him.  Do you hear me?  We come down as a team, we leave as a team.
Yeasts?  Thank you, Beth, but I don't think we're gonna open it up and find a loaf of bread.
Not everything.  Even on earth.  Take ... yeasts.
How about I just press the button?
Alright, Beth, do that thing you did before.
Any of you get ahead of me -- walk this far up?
What is it?
Hold on --
Would you wait a minute?
I said back away.
Wait a minute --
Back away then.
There's heat coming the door.
Basic English?  There's no way this spacecraft was constructed on our planet.
In basic English, what does all this mean?
Of what we're able to measure, roughly twenty-six hundred feet.
How big is this spacecraft?
Pull it.
I see it.
You see the lever on the green box? Upper right hand corner?
Yes, sir.  I'm here.
Ted, go into the control room. Listen for my instructions.
Jerry?  Please.  Stop this.
What the hell?  It shut us down.
Jerry?
Going active.
No.  I think we should shut down the communication lines inside the habitat.  He might be listening now.
Maybe so.  But I think we need to ask Jerry about it.
Bullshit.  What's out there isn't alien.  It's an animal.
Yes, I do.  Whatever's out there, I think is his response to us refusing to talk to him earlier.
You think he killed Edmunds?
But sir, I think it's imperative.  I think the messages, the animals we've seen, what killed Edmunds, the reading you got earlier -- I think they're all related.
I don't want you talking to Jerry.
At least our obituaries will be accurate.  That's reassuring.
If something should happen to us, the Navy will at least have partial records of what happened.
What for?
Edmunds?  Can you copy?
... it raises a very serious question: <u>What happens if Jerry</u> <u>gets mad</u>?
Damn it, Edmunds?
Because if Jerry is powerful and also emotional...
Edmunds?
I think we should be careful. Consider his emotional response.
You don't think weapons are important?
That's smart.  Let's talk about guns and violence.
Great, okay.  Ask him about his weapons.
What am I -- a dog, now?
The message doesn't show a lack of intelligence.  It's smart.  It's approaching us in a simple way.  Like you would a dog.  Holding out your hand, letting it sniff, get used to you.
He translated it wrong.  "My name is Jerry"?  It's like "See Spot run."
-- without a cautionary word to anyone.  You know, Ted said something to me earlier.  I think he's right.  He said, "When you got a guy who -- if he wasn't here -- he'd be standing in the unemployment line, you gotta question if you got the right guy."
-- I didn't know it would come to this --
-- and then brought her down here --
Wait a second --
You knowingly recommended a woman with suicidal tendencies for a government operation --
At the time, I don't know, I thought putting her on the list -- it might help her career -- catch her a break.
So you knew this when you wrote your report?
'81, I think.  She tried again five years ago.  I thought you should know.
When was this?
She put a razor to her wrists a day later.
She should've known better.
A while back, Beth and I -- we worked at the same university.  She was assisting a chemist there -- I forget his name -- doing research, experiments.  She was also living with him.  Yeah, I know.  And when she finished her work, he kicked her out, broke off the relationship, and published five papers -- all her work -- without any thank you or acknowledgement.
I think I do.
You don't want to know.
How drastic?
I'm not paranoid.  I know Beth.  She can be drastic.
No "buts".  If he wants to be left, we'll leave him.  Hello?  Yes, the subs -- I want a report...  Hello...  Yes, a report. Gimme... shit.
But sir --
I told you people, nobody goes anywhere unless I say.
You can't just leave Harry down here, sir.
He's here somewhere.  Find him.  The sub's on it's way.  Go!  C'mon!
He's missing.  He's gone.  He left.
What do you mean, he's missing?
Harry's missing.
Just worry about yourself.
All I'm saying is, someone should keep an eye on him.
Look, the ships are clearing out. They're taking us topside in a matter of minutes.  Someone can check him out there, if it's that imprtant.
I'm telling you, Harry's lost it. He's saying there's a deathwish out for each of us.
Don't get hysterical, Norman.
Everything can be killed.
I don't know.  That's the point.
You mean, what's in that thing is immortal?
Or maybe, it can't <u>be</u> killed.
Like "Thou shall not kill"?
If it is alien, maybe we shouldn't try to open it at all.
What?
Maybe we shouldn't.
I don't know.  But it's something alien.
Picked up something?  What is it?
Take a look.
What is it, Norman?
It's a corrosive gas.  On earth, it makes a half-eaten apple turn brown and puts the ugly, iron rust on an Oldsmobile.  At a pressure this low, oxygen becomes toxic.  Breathe it down here, and it'll do to your dick what it does to the Oldsmobile.
What's wrong with oxygen?
They pressurize us with helium.
But sir, I don't understand.  This report -- these recommendations... they're for an encounter with extra- terrestrial life.
Your report's become our bible down here, Dr. Johnson.  We've been carrying out each of your recommendations -- one by one -- to the smallest detail.
ULF report?  Nobody's mentioned that in years.  You mean someone actually read it?
The one you recommended.  In the ULF report you wrote for the Bush administration.
What team?
We think it might.  That's why we brought you here.  We've assembled your team -- they're waiting for us now.
It doesn't make any sense.
Off the record, I don't mind telling you, this thing scares the shit out of me.
I'm afraid it is Dr. Johnson... because it's sitting on the bottom of our ocean floor.
It's impossible.
Extraordinary, isn't it?
-- there's got to be some mistake here -- a four hundred year old military spacecraft?  There's no such thing... our space program isn't even forty years old.
Maybe older --
Hold on --
-- dating the crash at least that old.
-- Wait a second --
Coral grows at a rate of two and a half centimeters a year --
Geologists?
See this?  Coral.  Geologists measured the coral growth on top of the craft to be over five meters thick.
As best we can estimate, it crashed four hundred years ago.
Not really, no.  Something of the military crashes in the ocean -- it explains why there was nothing on the news, why you've kept everything a secret...  When did it crash?
Something like that.  That doesn't surprise you?
What is it?  A military spacecraft? Like a shuttle or satellite?
What do you need me for?
What?
Then why am I here?
Survivors?  No, I wouldn't think so.
A thousand?  An airplane crashes into a thousand feet of water -- I don't want to sound pessimistic here, but I assume there are no survivors.
A thousand feet.
How deep is he?
They didn't tell me anything.
A cyclone's on it's way in.  I thought they would have told you on the phone.
Storm?  What storm?
We're moving fast considering the storm.
Well, we don't have all the facts yet.
From what?  What's with all the security?
Good.  Security's been our biggest worry.  Now that you're here we can shut this thing down tight.
Press?  No, I haven't.
You talk to any reporters?  Any press?
Nothing else.
Anything else?
The usual.  Plane crash.  Survivers unknown.  Routine stuff really.
What have you been told so far?
What team?
Come with me.  The team's already waiting.
The Pentagon?  I didn't know I had friends in Washington.
Don't thank me, Dr. Johnson.  You weren't my choice.  The Pentagon made me take you.
Well, thanks for the opportuninty here -- my wife appreciates it.
Captain.  Right, forgive me.
Captain.
Thank you, Colonel.
In a minute, sir.
Edmunds, get in here.  I need you for this.
If the subs aren't here yet, sir --
Norman, get out of there now! Norman?
Sir!  Sir, the door -- it's opening.
They've left, keep watching!
Sir, if the subs haven't left by now...
In the ship, sir.
Well, where the fuck is he?
Yes, sir.
What the hell is going on here?
Nothing, sir.
Fuck him.  What?  Hello?
Nothing, sir.
Any sign of Harry?
They're coming.
I'm getting no sub reading, sir.
Send them, damn it!  I know, but I'm not gonna be held responsible --
Subs are still at surface, sir.
Harry?  Can you copy?
Get him out of there.  I thought I told you people --
Nothing.  I don't know.  Everything was normal.  No changes at all.
What caused it?
Well, shit -- find something, do something... make something up --
We don't have anything else to try, Sir.
Thank you, I can see that.  Try something else.
It's not sucking, sir.
Working on it now, sir.
Can you open that panel?
If the technology of that sphere is advanced enough -- the way it functions is gonna appear to us like magic.
She wired this system.
She's not gonna know.
Edmunds?  Get in here.  I want to know exactly how this is being transmitted.
What -- you want me to retype it?
With an "o".  Harold with an "o".
I'm in charge.
He's saying, "Take me to your leader." He wants to know who's in charge.
What?
She's not gonna know, sir.
Not now, Beth.  Please.  I want to know who we're talking to before we start talking.  Where's Edmunds?
He understands me fine.
Are you enjoying yourself, Harry, because I don't know what the hell you're doing.
It's not ignorant.
Ignorant.  The thing's ignorant.
How do you mean, strange?
I have to tell you.  It's strange.
What's the message?
... spiralling out of the center, you see: "G" is one, "B" is two, "H" is three, and so on... when I got the message.
We're all very proud of you, Harry, but what the hell is it?
It's a single sequence repeated over and over.
Please watch your closest monitor...
Who is that?  Where's that coming from?
Ladies and Gentlemen...
Gimme a report, I want --
Just tell me worst case.  Worst case of what we might find?
Let's say whoever made this thing is a thousand years ahead of us, just like we are to, say, medieval Europe.  Suppose you went back to medieval Europe with a TV set.  There wouldn't be any place to plug it in.
You don't know that.
It could.  But the odds of it being any use to us are against it.
Or it could contain some great benefit to us, some astonishing new idea or technology to help mankind.
It's nonsense.  There's enough difference between our own species to prove that.
So?  What's the problem?
The what?
Man is man, all he knows is man, and all he can think of is what he knows.  The anthropomorphic problem. Good, Norman.
Ted seems to have some ideas.
So how do we get it open?
A break for what?
To conceal a small break in the surface of the sphere.
What?
No.  They don't represent a message. They aren't decorative at all.  They have another purpose entirely.
So do we.  And it seems to have picked up something on it's travels.
We know how this craft got here. Where it's been.
Yes, Harry.
Ted?  Captain?
Then how can it be chipped?
I did.
I thought you said there wasn't any damage done in the crash?
I don't know how it can be chipped, but it's chipped.
Chipped?  The door?  How can it be chipped?
It's chipped.
I'm not saying anything, Harry, I'm just stating the facts.  The outer metal is made of a titanium alloy, built into an epoxy- resin honeycomb.  The necessary technology to bond this type of metal has never been invented.
Right.  So you're saying it survived a high speed impact with water without a scratch?
To the craft?  None.  Not a scratch.
How much damage?
In the dome hanger.  All our tapes are transferred to the sub.  It's on a 12 hour timer.  If someone doesn't reset the "delay" button, the sub ascends to the surface with the tapes.
What sub?
Resetting the sub.
What was Edmunds doing outside?
Well, until we know exactly what it is, nobody goes outside, understood?
Too big?
It won't register.  It's too big to image.
What?
The sensors are picking up something outside.
What is that?
Don't make stuff up, these emotional theories, just so you can feel important here.
Edmunds?
Give him a chance.  He's speaking our language, not the other way around.
It's not talking, it's mimicking.
I am not gonna explain in some damn report that one person died in a deepsat expedition so we could meet an alien named Jerry.
Captain, I personally feel we should ask much more substantive questions --
I want a name.  A real name.  This thing's full name, rank and serial number.
What's inside the sphere.
From the sphere?
Get out of there.  I don't want anyone going anywhere outside, understood?
She says jellyfish are a delicacy. You know, I never knew that.
Internal power.
To what?
They switched us over.
We're on the bottom of the fucking ocean -- he can't just walk outside!
Sir, about leaving --
How can he be missing?
Ted, shut up.  Are you packed?  Ready to go?  I want everyone packed.  Now!
Did you hear me, sir, because --
What?  No, I know they're civilians...
Can I stay, sir?  I'm willing to risk it.  I am.  After what we just witnessed.
Maybe it's a message of some sort, you know?  See this red here.
But what does it do?  This... sphere.
Maybe we didn't want to come back.
What would we be working on in the future that would make us want to come back?
Time travel.  I always thought it was one of those myths... like Santa's reindeer.
Considered what?  That it's American? How would you think it's American?
We had considered it.
What do you make of this?
What's wrong?
A foot and a half thick?  That'd withstand a helluva lot of radiation.
Radiation shield, you think?
Some sort of lead or something.
What is it?
Look at this.
What are you going to do -- shoot her?
Ted, get her away from the door.
What if we go out there, you know -- wedge a crowbar in the door and pry the thing open.
What <u>about</u> a crowbar?
Duly noted, Ted.  Edmunds, try using suction.
I'd also like it noted --
Nobody goes inside, until we know <u>what's</u> inside.
Captain, you know, I really appreciate you hauling us a thousand feet below sea level so we can watch this historical event on television.
The wing dimension alone is larger that any aircraft we've seen.
A half a mile long?
Down below, Harry said we would all have to die.  Since there was no evidence on that spacecraft that anybody knew time travel through a black hole was possible -- and we all knew -- then we would all have to die before we could tell anyone. Death was the only logical explanation.  But sitting here, we still know.  So how is that possible?  Unless we make ourselves forget.
How's that?
Yes.  And I think we already know it will.
Would it work?
Get away --
Beth --
Get away from me!
Hear what?
You hear that?
What?
What is that?  What are you doing?
Let's get out of here, Beth.  Let's go home.
Top shelf, is it?
C'mon --
Oh, sure.  Here.  Anything else, Beth can get you?  Some more chicken, perhaps.  Let Beth check the fridge.
Beth -- gimme the gun.
Don't tell me about me.  I already know too much.
I --
Oh please, don't shrink me, Norman. Not now.
I know.  You're too strong, Beth.
You can't stop it, Norman.  You can't fight me.
Leave me alone, Norman.
Beth?
It's you, Norman.  Your fear of drowning.  You have to face it.
Stop it!
From you, Norman.  From your mind. You're doing it.
Then where's it coming from?
Stop what?  Don't blame me.  It's not me.
Beth, stop it!
Don't you know?
Where is it coming from, Beth?
You're frightened, aren't you, Norman?
Beth!
I'm not fucking with you, Norman. You've fucked yourself.
Don't fuck with me, Beth.
Of course you're going to deny it. You want to blame someone else.  You want to blame Beth.  Because you hate Beth.
Get away from the door, Beth.
This is what I'm talking about, Norman.  Don't you see?  It's in you. This vindictiveness.  This rage.
You think I care?  You think I care if I die?  Would I put explosives around the habitat -- set on vibration sensors -- that can trigger automatically, if I cared about myself?  Would I? I've tried twice before, Norman, why wouldn't I try a third time?  I'm not thinking about myself -- No, Norman, I'm thinking about you.  Your safety. Protecting you from your own self.
It's not safe for you to be either.
It's your choice.  Because it's not safe for you to be awake.  To be walking around.  To be thinking about things.
It's either this... or I kill you.
Don't, Beth.  Please.
You think I'd belive you?  Believe anything you might say now?  After you lied to me about telling Barnes about my past.  About my problems.  My problems.  Not yours.  Not his.  Mine.
Beth --
Promise what, Norman?  Tell me!
I promise --
But I have to, Norman.
Don't, Beth.
"It's not me, Beth.  It's not me.  It can't be.  I'm not doing anything." Just like Harry said before I stabbed him with the needle.
It's not me, Beth.  I swear.  It can't be.
I'm not scaring you, am I Norman?  I hope I'm not frightening you.  The last thing I want to do is frighten you.  You feel okay, don't you?
When you were in that sub -- and that squid was attacking you -- are you sure it was the squid that was attacking?  Do you know?  "I can't get Beth on the radio.  I'm in this tiny sub on the bottom of the fucking ocean.  All alone.  Surrounded by all this water." Was it really the squid that was attacking you, Norman -- or was it something else -- one of your fears?  You never really saw what it was, did you?
Shut up, Beth --
No, it isn't.  Your name is Norman. But your younger brother -- what was his name?  The one who was stung when you were younger.  The one that died. The one you couldn't save.  What was his name?  "Mommy, we're going out to the ocean -- to go swimming." "But I don't want to go swimming, Norman.  I'm scared." "C'mon, <u>Harry</u>, it'll be fine, it'll be fun."  You heartless fuck.  That's why you're so scared of the water, isn't it?
Beth, the message said Harry.  "My name is Harry".  My name isn't Harry.
Is it?
That's bullshit.
You remember before you picked him up -- when you looked up at the sphere, you remember that -- when the sphere opened?  That's right.  But you can't remember going inside, can you?  No, of course not.  Harry couldn't either, could he?  "Like everything's on the tip of my tongue", he said.
Yes.
You don't remember you did.  But I'm sure you remember running like some fucking hero to get Harry, don't you?  You remember that.
I never went in that sphere.
Am I?  Or am I making so much sense that you're going insane?
You're insane.
Did I?  Or was that you?  When you were hiding in the bathroom -- all conspiratorially like you were -- you became frightened, didn't you?  Terrified.  Like you were with the snake earlier -- and suddenly you have snakes slithering all over the floor.  You did that, Norman.
You manifested that, Beth.
One lonely, terrifying sea snake.
That's when you went in the sphere.
And the snakes?  You want to know about the snakes?  You saw one outside earlier, didn't you?  When you thought I had deserted you -- you were terrified.
But --
Am I lying?  Are you sure?  Are you absolutely sure I'm lying?  Then explain to me about the jellyfish.  Earlier.  Why did we see jellyfish?  Harry doesn't fear jellyfish.  You do.  They're your fear, aren't they?
You're lying --
C'mon -- what?
Beth you're losing it.  C'mon.
Yes, someone did.  But it wasn't me, Norman.  It was you.  You manifested the snakes.
Someone did.
You think I manifested the snakes?
Then why, Beth?  Why go in?  Why put out explosives?  Why manifest the snakes?
No, he can't.
He can't manifest.
No, he isn't.
Against what?  Harry's unconscious. He's not a threat.
Same reason I put explosives around the habitat.  For defense.  For the power.  To protect myself.
Why did you go in the sphere, Beth?
What's the phrase -- "keeping up with the Joneses"?
Did you?
If I was, then I would've had to have gone in the sphere, wouldn't I?
Are you manifesting them?
Don't you?
Do you fear them?
You tell me.
What are they doing down here?  In the bathroom?  Suddenly appearing.
Am I afraid of them?  Not during the day.  Sea snakes are diurnal.  When the sun's out, they don't bite. Fortunately for you, I had on my watch.  This is quite good.
You know what I mean.
Snakes?  What do you mean, exactly?
How do you feel about snakes?
I did do that, didn't I?
You put explosives around the habitat, I can't imagine what you'd put in a drink.
You don't think I put something in it, do you?
You think I'd really drink that?
It's getting cold.
Are you?
I'm feeling better.
What's wrong, Norman?
Oh yes, my watch.  I almost forgot.
Your watch.
What was that?  I couldn't hear you.
How's Harry?
The grooves around the door -- they've shifted.  And the pattern -- the fluids -- they look darker now.
What do you mean, different?
The sphere looks different.
In the sub.  Resetting the timer. Why?
Where are you?
What is it, Norman?
You're not sorry.  You're scared.  You're a psychologist, Norman.  You pride yourself on knowing when someone's lying to you, not telling you the truth.  And now you're scared ... because you're not sure you can tell anymore.
Not believing you.
For what?
I'm sorry.
Only lab rats.  Here.
Thirty years ago.  In residency.  I passed out.  You?
You ever given an injection before.
Look, it's either him or us, Norman. Another attack, and we go down with this place.
You want to kill him?
To be on the safe side.  I mean --
Beth --
It's an idea.
What if it takes 20 minutes, Norman? What if it takes an hour?  And he can fight it off?  We can't afford that.
Doesn't say.
How fast does it take effect?
What?  Wait -- isn't that dangerous?
I'll just boost the doses.
Three to six hours.
How long does it last?
"20 cc's of parasolutrine in combination with 6 cc's of paracin given IV produces deep sleep suitable for emergency surgical procedures... no cardiac side effects ... REM activity is surpressed... "
"... used as an anesthetic if given in combination with paracin trichloride... "
It's like a sleeping pill?
Causes sleep.
What's that?
It's a soporific.
P-a-r-a-s-o...
How do you spell it?
Parasolutrine?
Antibiotic.
Damn it!  Chloramphenicol?
Antihistamine.  For bites.
Riordan?
"... and may also cause bizarre halucinations".
Bingo.
Tranquilizer.  Causes drowsiness.
Tarazine?
Nothing about drowsiness.
Does it cause drowsiness?  That's all we need.  To get him unconscious -- put him under.
A synthetic opium analogue.
Sintag.
Ulcers.
Valdomet.
It's for motion sickness.
Ephedrine hydrochloride.
Something for burns.
Diphenyl parlene.
Why would Harry go back to using a code?
Looks like some sort of code.
Must be.  And if it is -- it's a part of him not even he can control.
And that's the part of Harry that's being manifested.
No.  I mean, we've always believed we can think anything we want without consequences.  You ever read the Bible?  It talks about our sinful nature, you know?  I mean, we can think, and believe, and desire whatever we want, but there's a part of us -- a shadow side, as Jung called it -- that can't be controlled.  It's evil. It's inside us.  It's what we are.
His dream?  You can't control your dreams.  And you can't control your fears, can you?
He must not realize he is.  Like the Navy crewman -- Harry was sleeping then.  He must've manifested his dream.
But why is he doing it?
It's his fear.  The squid.  He's manifesting his fears.  Making them real.
Which I told Barnes was attacking --
I don't know, Beth.  I'm not the fucking alien that built the thing. But it can.  When Harry came out of the sphere, he mumbled something about page 87.  How he would never read that far -- he was too scared to.  Then you found the book, remember in your lab.  Then in the cafeteria -- and page 87 talks about a giant squid...
How can the sphere do that?
I don't know.
But how?
He acquired some sort of power.  A power to manifest things.
You think, in the sphere --
When did the messages start?  The animals outside start showing up? After Harry came out of the sphere.
What do you mean, a part of Harry?
Remember when we first spoke to Jerry, Barnes kept asking for Jerry's real name?  But Harry never would?  He didn't because he was afraid the screen would say "Harry", instead of Jerry.  We weren't talking to an alien intelligence when we talked to Jerry, we were talking to Harry... or a part of Harry.
What?
He translated it wrong.
Created.  Brought to life.  I don't know.  But at the end, Jerry said, "Stop calling me Jerry".  And --
Manifested?
After the attack, a Navy guy woke me up -- I don't know -- I thought he was an illusion.  But I checked the tape, and Jerry said he manifested him.
"... according to calculations of some naturalists, one of these animals, only six feet long, would have tentacles 27 feet long.  That would make a formidable monster."
Squids?
"Our fisherman frequently see some that are more than four feet long. Some skeletons of squids...
Page 87.  "I could never read that far."
What?
Page 87.
Damn it, Norman!  He's lying.  Don't you get it?  There is something seriously fucked up going on here -- and he's causing it.  Why can't you believe me?
I don't know, Beth.  I wasn't there.
You think it's me?  You think I'm saying there was a conversation when there wasn't?
This being after you so carefully fixed my suit.
Damn it, Norman.  I swear.  I had a whole conversation with the man when he woke up.
All I know is I opened that refridgerator --
You don't believe me.
You think?
No, it wasn't.  I swear none of this was here.  None of it.  You think he hid it?  Earlier.  He must've hid it.
Did you look?  It was on the top shelf.
None of this was here before.
1-800-Deepsea delivery.  I hear they're good.
Wait a second --
We must've had it delivered then.
That wasn't in there before.
It's a pretty common place to look for food when you don't think you have any.
The refridgerator.
The refridgerator.
Fixing it?  But I fixed --  Where'd you get all that?
Fixing it.
What's Harry doing with your suit in there?
I think so, Beth.  Yes.
You get it straightened out?
He what?
Deserts you?  Harry said he'd take over for me.
Yeah, well, I get that way when I'm facing death and someone deserts me.
Getting food.  We were out of food. what's wrong?  You sound mad.
What are you doing in the ship?  Beth?
... what do you mean?  I'm in the ship.
Still clear.
Still clear?
You can't.  Counter's at 10 minutes. You don't have time.
My air isn't... I'm coming back.
Yes, Norman.  I did.  You're just nervous.
You fixed this suit?  Beth?
What's the matter?
Still clear.
I can't see anything.  How does it look?  Still clear?
The sub's a 100 feet in front of you.  You see it?
You press a button, Norman.  It's not brain surgery.  Here, go ahead.  You only have 15 minutes to reset it.  Go on, Norman...
But I don't know how --
You don't trust me?
You fixed my suit?
I fixed your suit.
I would.  But my suit --
I don't trust Harry to do it.
In case you die, too?
You should know how it works.  Just in case.
Why should I go?
Maybe you should go.  To the sub.
Get the helium out of our bloodstream.  We go to the surface now, we'd pop like a soda bottle.
Four days?
We can't.  The storm.  The waves would toss us around worse than we got down here.  And we have four days of decompression when we get up top.
Wake him, then.  Let's go.  Get outta --
You, me and Harry.  He's asleep.
You, me and Harry?
It's also our only way out of here! It holds three people.  And there's only three of us left now.
It's not worth the risk.
Don't bother me, Norman.
Forget the sub.
I have to reset the sub.
Where are you going in such a hurry?
No, I should stay calm.  Like you say.  Right, Norman?  Stay calm.
Beth --
Yeah, okay.  Sure, Norman.
Beth, I didn't.  Hold it together. Alright?
You bastard.
Don't do this.
You did, didn't you?
Beth --
You told him about me?
What?
You said something to him, didn't you?
It's done, alright?  It's over!  And there's not a damn thing we can do about it now, okay?
Don't tell me to calm down!
Calm down, Beth.  Alright?
He's not just a Navy captain -- he works for the fucking Pentagon.
You went through Edmunds' things?
In Edmunds' things.
Where did you get this?
"Although advised of risks, all personnel elect to remain down for duration of storm to continue investigation of alien sphere and associated spacecraft.  Signed, Barnes, USN."
Fuck you, Norman!  It's right here...
You're jumping to conclusions, Beth. Don't get worked up --
So who was Barnes talking to at the last minute?  Nobody.
So what?
Yeah, he <u>told</u> you.  Think.  What was Barnes doing before they cut that cable loose?  He was on the phone. Except that cable is a thousand feet long, Norman.  They would've broken off communication with us four, five minutes before they cleared out.
C'mon, Beth.  Don't make this personal.  He told me himself they were taking us back.
... He lied to us.  He left us down here.
Eggs.
What are they?
Norman.
What could have done this?
She was crushed.  Feel her skin -- it's like sandpaper.
I can't feel her bones.  She's like a sponge.
Beth.
I didn't do anything wrong.  I didn't mean...
Beth --
Nobody said... Norman...  What?  Why are you looking at me like that?
Beth.
What?...  Wait.  Don't... why are you --
They are or they aren't.  Which is it?
I mean, I'm not... I wasn't absolutely sure if... they --
Beth --
What?  Why...
And you didn't tell anyone?
Yeah, why?
You knew about the squid not being normal.  Before Fletcher went out there?
What?
Wait a minute.
They have six tentacles.  A new species.  And the squid too.  They had no stomach.
What do you mean -- not normal?
Normally, I'd say no.  Everything's quiet now -- no ships, no divers, no electricity.  Makes sense.  But what's curious is -- these aren't normal jellyfish.
Me?  Well, I was wrapped in seaweed. It itched for a while, but I survived.  Beth, do you find it... curious that we're seeing all this life down here.  Nothing, and then these enormous flocks of squid.  Then jellyfish?
What about you?  What happened to you?
Yeah, it was awful.
My gosh, Norman.
... when I was six, my younger brother and I -- we went swimming in the Pacific.  At my mother's beach house.  We both felt stinging, and when we came out of the water, he was wearing jellyfish head to toe. Killed him.
No, thank you.  I hate jellyfish.
A bad one.  It was the only book in there.  Norman, come here, look at this.
We have a library?
The library.
Where'd this come from?
Disrupt our brain waves, interfere with our ability to think.
It could breathe in air and exhale cyanide gas.
Get this thing off me.
Norman!
Good theory, Ted.
400 years ago?  I'm sure Christopher Columbus would've loved these accomodations.
Such a gentlemen when you're scared shitless.
No.  Go ahead.  Really.  Ladies first.
You're next, Norman.
Yeah.  Drowning.
Isn't there a psychological term for that, Dr. Johnson?
What -- are you threatening me?
Just keep your mouth shut, alright? This could mean everything to our careers, you know that?  Don't jeopardize this.
The timing has never seemed quite right.
Well, let's pray that's the only mistake you made.  Have you said anything to Barnes about this?
It never occurred to me.
Well, you must have realized the chances an encounter like this would happen here.  In the ocean.  70 percent of the earth's surface is water, Norman.  That's first grade geography.
We can't go down there.  We're not prepared.  That deep?  That takes years of training, Beth.  We're just scientists.  Lab scietists.  We wear ties and lab coats to work -- not oxygen tanks.
What do you expect?  For them to bring it up here?
Underwater?
To the spacecraft.  To investigate.
Wait -- down where?
Because when we get down there --
C'mon, Beth -- that report's like the blind leading the blind.
Do yourself a favor, Norman.  Are you listening?  Don't tell anyone what you just told me.
I spent a week reading Sagan and watching re-runs of the Twilight Zone.  Seriously.  I was just trying to pay the mortgage on my house -- I had no idea --
That's quite a secret.
It's bullshit.  The report's a joke.
I've read it twice, Norman.  It's brilliant.
That ULF report everybody's patting me on the back about?
I love secrets.
Beth, look, can I trust you with a little secret?
Who says it's a he?
He doesn't wait for an answer.
By the bunks.
Norman?  Where's Norman?
I'm a woman.  I don't theorize.  I only deal with facts.
Well, what's your theory?
It doesn't make any sense.
I don't get it.
Well, they're not mine.
Well, think.  Because there's footprints here that aren't mine.
No.  I don't think so.
What's that -- mistake number two, Norman?
Pussy.
Won't make any difference.  The tapes document everything.
We can refuse to talk.
They're going to want answers and they're going to keep asking until they get them.
Yes you are...
No I'm not.  I'm not star--
You're staring at me.
Like what?  I'm not --
Why are you looking at me like that?
Another attack?
Our habitat, I mean.  This place can't handle another attack.
Just in time for what?
What?
In time for what?
Just in time, too.
Yeah, I don't know how you could make that confusion.
I'm sorry.  Slip of the tongue.
That's a hell of a mistake to make, Beth.
Jerry.  Right.  I said Jerry, didn't I?
Harry?  That's bullshit.  We stood right there --
We never even had a conversation, Norman.
Yes you did.  Norman, I wouldn't leave you out there.  You know that.
I never said that.
When he woke up, he said we were out of food.  He told me to get some from the ship.
Cannibalism, to be extreme.  And now we're talking about a new life form. Their values and ethics may be incomprehensible.
Take politics, our views on abortion, the death penalty...
A light switch.  A button opened that door -- the craft runs on some sort of power.
What are you looking for?
It's an American spacecraft.
Then what is it?
You'd have to ask them.
It's empty.  Why would someone build a ship like this?
For whoever's in that thing.
For who?  The fish?
All that banging and pounding.  I don't know.  We should think about making a good first impression.
Pry the thing open?  What are we -- neanderthals?
Harry thinks it's some sort of discharge from our own system, but I've seen it discharge before -- and it didn't look anything like this.
Is it coming from our own computer?
No idea.  We have no surface support. It transmitted too fast to be coming from underwater.
Where's it coming from?
Minutes ago.  Harry's trying to decode it in his room now.
When did it come across?
It would erase all our knowledge of it.  All of our power.
You mean forget?
The power allows us to manifest our fears, right?  What if we feared the power to go away?
We all kill ourselves?  Bad joke.  Sorry, Beth.
There is one possibility.
No.  I don't.  But I always said to myself, when I die, I want to die laughing.
Good.  Thank you.  Now that I have it on.  Why are you laughing?  You don't even know what that means.
How's that working out, by the way?
It's not fast enough, Norman. There's a helluva lot of explosive down there.
Nine hundred feet to surface.
Less than a minute, we're never gonna make it.
Wait!
Well, press something!
No idea.
You know how to work this thing?
I'm trying.  There.
Get her out of the seat, I need room to sit.  Harry?
You got her?
Her legs are in the way.
Just pull her -- down like inside -- Harry, work with me here!
Gimme a second --
I'm trying to keep balance with --
C'mon, Norman!
Shut up and catch.
Three fifty-six, three fifty-five, three --
I heard!  I heard!
Hurry, Norman.  Four minutes.
Hold on.
Are you trying, damn it?  Just --
Missed.
I'm trying.  Shit.  Here -- catch her.
Push her, c'mon.
Hold on.
I can't reach her.
How far away's the sub?
Two and a half minutes.  Once we're in the sub.
How much time you figure to get to the surface?
Shut up and open the door.
We're never gonna make it.
Help me lift her.
Fine.
I could hit her a little harder. More toward the cranium.
I don't think so.
Did I kill her?
Stop what?  What are you -- ?
It's the squid!  Stop it!
You know what it is, Harry.
What is it?
Is that why the two of you went through my dufflebag?
That's right.
The three of us.
We just figured, you know, the three of us -- we need to... work together through this.
Don't have to.  Watch.  It'll do it for you.
How do we decode it?
Navy transmission.  They're sent from Wisconsin.
Wisconsin?
Wisconsin's your answer.
She's lying, Norman.  Just like she lied about fixing your suit.
But why would she -- ?
I was just in the cafeteria, there's plenty of food in there.  Take a look for yourself.
You didn't say that about the food?
She's cracking, Norman.
I thought she was with you.
Beth left?
Her suit's gone.
She was supposed to be watching the sensor for me.
When I woke up, nobody was here.
What do you mean?  She's not here?
What happened to her?
Thank you.  My suit -- Beth said she fixed it --
You're clear.  You see the airlock?
I can't breathe...  Am I... clear?
Norman, where are you?
Harry?
... you there?  Norman?
I don't remember much.  It's like my memory is on the tip of my tongue -- but I can't taste any of it.  Funny, my senses are much keener though. Purer.  Hearing, seeing, smelling. Like, I can smell your sheets, Norman.  You tried to wash it out earlier, But I can still smell the urine.  Don't worry, I'm not going to tell the others.  It's normal, really, isn't it?  In a crisis.  The stress. The panic.
You don't remember that?
Did I?
You said something to me, before -- about how we were all going to die.
Don't do this.  Don't psychoanalyze me.  I hate squid.  Period.  Just like you hate jellyfish.
Have you looked outside?  Jellyfish. Everywhere.  I hate jellyfish.  Harry, what happened in the cafeteria?
There's some sort of pattern here. It'll take a minute.
Getting anywhere with those?
What are they?
These aren't half bad, Fletcher.  You might have a second career coming.
That far in what, Harry?
I could never read that far.  I never wanted to.
Page 87 of what, Harry?
What happens on page 87?  Have you ever read page 87?
What is it, Harry?
Norman?
Then explain it to me.
You don't understand about the sphere.
Tell me about the door.  Do you remember how you opened the door to the sphere?... Harry?
You were all supposed to leave.  You weren't supposed to stay down here.
You remember opening the door?
What are you still doing here?
Harry, can you tell me about the sphere?
It's like...
What noise?
What is that?  That noise?
Curious, isn't it?  What's inside? Before I die, I'd sure like to open it and see.
It's what's in that sphere, isn't it, Harry?  Whatever you think is in that thing -- you think it's going to kill you.
Then what, Norman?
No.  I didn't say that.
You mean, you think I'm cracking?
Look -- we're under a lot of pressure, we're tired, you're not thinking straight.
Am I?
I can't.  If I had a minute to think, maybe, but I know you're wrong.
Gimme another explanation.
I can't believe that, Harry.
Meaning we're never gonna get to the surface alive... to tell anyone.
Meaning we're never gonna get the chance to tell anyone.
So, <u>we know</u>.  We know it went through a black hole.  We saw it.  Norman -- when we'd get to the surface, we'd tell someone about the black hole, wouldn't we?  It'd go in some report like some big discovery.  So in fifty years when they build that ship, they'd make precautions for a black hole.  <u>But they didn't</u>.  The called it an Unknown Entry Event.
So what?
On that flight recorder, they called the black hole an "Unknown Entry Event." They didn't know what a black hole was.  Fifty years from now, men are going to build that ship in a very tentative, experimental way, with no knowledge that time travel through a black hole is possible.
I don't follow you.
A sign that the builders knew time travel through a black hole was possible.
Not a clue.
I'm completely serious.  There is something very important missing from that spacecraft.  You know what that is?
Don't be so optomistic, Harry.
Good point.  I don't know what you're talking about, but good point.
And we're just talking about three- dimensional creatures.  What if it's five or six or seven-dimensional?  So dimensional that we couldn't even see it to kill it.
Everything ever written about extra- terrestial life imagines that life is essentially human.  If it doesn't look human, it's a reptile or a big insect or something, having human values, human understanding.
I mentioned it in my report.  Didn't you read the report?
Our present.
But on the way home, they miss their turn, go too far, into the past.
This spacecraft was designed to pick things up.  They see things they want -- these claws go out and bring it in.  They come across this.  This... <u>sphere</u>.  Find it interesting, curious.  They draw it inside to take back home.
Which one?  Let me get the list out.
This answers one of our questions.
Time travel.  A black hole.
To what?
Our answer.
Whatever I can do to help.
Nice work, Norman.
Look, would you --
C'mon, Norman.
Wait a second, I --
C'mon.
No, why don't --
Go ahead.  Ladies first.
I'm fine.
You sound defensive.
I'm not being defensive.
Don't be defensive.
Fine.  I'm fine.
You holding up alright?
What?
How are you feeling, Norman?
It's like showing Leonardo da Vinci a laptop computer.  He'd run screaming "witchcraft".  And you couldn't explain it to him, either. Modems, microchips, particle physics.
Don't gimme that psychology bullshit, Norman.  Psychology isn't a science, it's superstition.  It's a bunch of soft, subjective theories without any hard data to back it up. With an intellect like this, emotions don't mean shit.
Thank you.
Good idea, Ted.
"We are friends".
What'd you say?
Codes are for <u>hiding</u> information.  So it's making a mistake.  It's making a code without intending to.  I figured it's probably substituting numbers for letters...  Then I began to wonder what an alien intelligence would make of our keyboard.  And since we're getting spirals, I imagined the keyboard as a spiral.  So I translated it...
See?  No code.  What'd I say?
... I asked myself, why would the sphere be using a code?  If you're trying to communicate, why use a code?
Yeah, I'll work on it, too.
If it is a message, it's probably a substitution code.  I'll work on it.
It's not a discharge.  Right, Edmunds?  You said before, right?  So it's gotta be a message.
Well, if it's a discharge --
Impotent?  I'm not impotent.
Salt's good for you, Ted.  Helps you from getting impotent.
Hey, go easy on the salt, will ya? We're not a bunch of icy streets here.
Look closely.  That isn't writing. Those are grooves.
Looks like a design, some writing, maybe.  Maybe it was sent to meet the spacecraft with a message.
Not where.  When.  400 years ago.  From our future.
Arrived?  From where?
It didn't fly here.  It <u>arrived</u> here.
Please.  It must have flown here --
Meaning it didn't land in the water.
Meaning?
We take a weeny little wedge, bang on it a couple of times, and bust off a chunk of the metal.  Yet any spacecraft -- even at a low velocity, say 200 miles an hour -- crashes into the water -- it's gonna be like hitting concrete, it would crumple like paper.  But there isn't a dent to be seen anywhere.  Not even a scratch.
It's been obvious from the start, hasn't it, Captain?  That's why all the secrecy, why no one was told about it?
An American spacecraft?  Half a mile long?  And buried 400 years?  Yeah, good theory, Harry.
Save your breath.  It's not an alien spacecraft.
If it is an alien spacecraft --
Do you?
Gimme a minute here... I think I've got it.
All the facts you need are right in front of you.
Unless, this alien spacecraft was -- you know -- somehow presenting itself to Americans in a way that would make us feel comfortable.
Think about it.
Why would this ship carry instructions in English?
Is it?
But it's impossible.
A spacecraft half a mile long -- with 500 tonnes of coral on top of it?  Someone went to a lot of trouble.  Try again.
Is it some sort of joke?  Like one of those hoaxes?
You don't think it does?  I think it's rather obvious.
That's right.
English?
Shutup, Ted.  You didn't notice shit. Keep hammering.
Alot like.  You know, I noticed it before, but I didn't...
Gimme some room here, will you?  Back off.  Gimme some space.
Easy Ted, we're not mining gold.
You're not afraid of the water, are you, Norman?
It's just like swimming, Norman... You know how to swim, don't you?
Just one of Norman's many secrets.
What is it, Harry?
She told me what you said, Norman.
Norman thinks we shouldn't be going down.  Thinks it's a mistake.
What does Norman already know?
To who?  Arthur?  Nothing.  Nothing that Norman doesn't already know.
What'd you say to him?
About the time paradox.  How we were all going to die -- that there was no way we would make it out of here alive --
What was that, sir?
That whole time -- I couldn't stop thinking of what Harry was saying earlier...
They're in the sub, sir.  Waiting.
Beth and Harry?
The others, sir?
How are the others?
They're topside.  We're ready to take you home, sir.
The ships?
It's over, sir, The storm has cleared.
Does this mean what I think it means?
Norman Johnson.
Told me what?
You mean they haven't told you yet?
What report?
By the way sir, I've read your report.  I think it's brilliant.
Really?
Barnes.  He's very eager to meet you. Been calling us every half hour to see if you're arrived.
Captain who?
Captain Barnes wants to see you right away, sir.
This way, sir.
No, they didn't say --
No other equipment?  Scientific instruments?
Just that.  Careful, it's heavy.
Any other bags, Dr. Johnson?
What the hell would a geologist be doing at a plane crash?
Strange, isn't it?  In the middle of the ocean no less.
Geologists?  At a plane crash?
Physicists, mathematicians, geologists, you name it.
Who's everyone?
Must be another Johnson then.  Been flying so many scientists out here -- can't keep everyone straight.
Know what?
You mean you don't know?
What report?
Huh?
What report?
Well, everybody's been talking about that report you wrote.
You've heard of me?
Oh, so you're that Dr. Johnson.
I'm in psychology.  Was.  Still am really, just been a while.  I treat aircrash survivors.
Of course he did.  He's been isloated for 400 years.  He wants someone to talk to.  Look, you put a human being in isolation for four days, they can become neurotic, sometimes psychotic.  We're talking about 400 years here.  An alien that shows emotional responses.  I think we need to address him, before he reacts further.
Jerry isn't hostile, Norman.  He said earlier -- we were his friends --
I'm not sure.
You think Jerry has something to do with what killed Edmunds?  With what's out there?
Not that I know of.  Why?
Has Harry spoken with Jerry?
Barnes didn't know.  Couldn't get a reading.
What was it?
Why's that?
Frankly, Ted, I'd be much happier if Jerry was just a cold, emotionless intellect.
When he uses a phrase like "I am Happy", I think we should think twice about what we ask him.
You want to put him on your couch, Norman.  Grill him about his childhood?
Unless it's an act.
Well, he's polite.
Sure, why not.  Give him the trophy. That pretentious son of a bitch.  You heard him, Norman.  All that "someone went to a lot of trouble, try again" bullshit.  And "impotent".  Where does he get off saying I'm impotent?  He's a fucking self-righteous, little prick.
Well, how about we wait and see what Harry comes up with?
Inside the sphere.  Look, that's the vertical torso, three legs, two arms.  There's no head, so I'm guessing the creature's head is located within the torso itself, you know?
The creature?
Don't you see it?  It's a picture of the creature.
This is like nursery school.
Try this one.
Please, Ted.
Squint harder.
I don't see anything.
Take a look.  I rearranged the numbers.  Put 'em up to the light.  Go ahead.  Squint at it.
You mean a picture?
It's not some fucking substitution code, it's a direct visual representation.
Like what?
He's manic, Norman.  You know that? This reliance on Harry is misplaced. You hear me?  Totally misplaced.  He's overlooking things.  Obvious things.
Still, make a note I recognized that.
Earth doesn't have a patent on buttons, Ted.
Strange, isn't it?  You know -- how it would have a button.
You're a 53 year old shrink, what are you gonna do?
You want me to try?
He's a pussy.
He wasn't feeling well.
They never used to send a Navy car.
I don't know.
Was it a military crash?
What?
There's a U.S.  Navy car outside, Norman.
How are you getting to the airport? You need money for the bus?
Keep watching the news.  Are you watching the news?
Four years of unemployment would look too good on a resume.
Four.  Four years --
Well, I can't imagine five years of unemployment --
Don't be so supportive, honey.
In the closet.  I don't understand, Norman -- why would they call you?
He didn't say much at all.  Honey --
There's nothing on the news about a crash.  Did he say what airline?
You seen my suitcase?
What kind of a crash was it?
May the Force be with you.
We'll be back before you are, old man.
That's straight through the central core... up toward the top of the city... Once you've got her, avoid the main transports, they'll shut down immediately.  Your only chance is through the service shafts. There are no sensors there... All right now, get going, you don't have time.  I hope you can remember everything.
I'm not going out there.
There is a greater risk in staying here, you know.  If you don't find the princess, then the whole trip was for nothing... wasn't it?
Don't look at me.  I'm just a pilot. I got you here... You've got to do the rest.
It's not good... unless I could find the Crystal.  Then it could be very good.
Is that good or bad?
Darth Vader is on this system.  I can feel him.  I can feel the Kiber Crystal.
What do you want with our scan-proof lockers?
... and I want you to start cleaning the equipment out of the scan- shielded compartments.
I'll get the information.
All right then, we'll use your plan.
We're going to get in by studying Imperial procedures?  I don't like it.
Check your data banks for all the information you have on Imperial procedures.  Both of you will have to learn...
We're into the second perimeter. They'll be coming out to blast us shortly.  I was wondering if you had some kind of a plan or are we going to try to blast our way in?
Not bad.
You have your father's style.  You've done very well.
I'm not afraid of anything...
Fear is their greatest weapon.
Kid, you take the glory and the good intentions and I'll take the reward.
This isn't a game, you know.
Luke's got a point... ... Fear is their greatest defense... I doubt if the actual security there is much greater than on Aquilae or Sullust, and what there is is most likely directed toward large-scale assault.
Anything I want!  Now that's interesting.
A million at least... If this robot has information related to the destruction of Organa Major, you'll be able to name the reward...
How much do you think she's talking about?
I'm beginning not to like you.
I think there are some things we should talk about.
Who's going to pay me then?
Well, for one reason, we don't have your other five thousand.
I'm not taking you on an impossible search across the galaxy... I was only paid to get you here and now you're here.  I'll take my other five thousand and you're on your own... I'll leave you on the nearest system.
No, not anymore.
Their bases are very well hidden. All the power of the Empire can't find them... Do you know where they are?
We have to find he rebels... What we're carrying belongs to them.
Well, I've brought you here.  What now?
Well, now you know... The enemy is on the move.  We haven't much time.
The planet has been totally blown away!  It would have taken a thousand ships with a lot more fire power than I've ever seen... If the Empire had a new weapon that could do this... I would have heard something... I'd know about it.
The Empire must have gotten here first.
You might get your stuff together. We'll be coming up on Organa Major soon.
Well, we'll see...
I'm Ben Kenobi.  Luke Starkiller here is leading our expedition.
I'm Han Solo, Captain of this vessel.  Who's in charge then?
Keep it with you always.  You'll have more need of it than I.  It will bring the Force to you.  You've already learned to feel it... Now you must learn to use it.
The Kiber Crystal.
I'm not going alone!
You go after the princess. I am an old man and would be of little help.  I must try to find the Crystal.
What about the princess?
I don't get it, but I guess I did block it.
See, once you let yourself go you can do it.  You'll get it.
Stop thinking, and start feeling. Let yourself go.
I can't do it.  I'll get hit.
Try to feel it.  Use the Force...
I can't see!  How can I fight?
I didn't say that, but it appears to be a logical alternative.
You mean we should go after her!...
But she is the only link between us and the hidden bases.
He can't find Organa Major.
What is it?
All you have to do is lose your thinking self.  Don't focus on anything.  Let your body do your thinking... You have to learn to act on what you feel, not what you think ... If I had the crystal, it would be much easier.  You could feel the Force immediately... but for now, let yourself go.  You'll pick it up... and someday you'll have no need for that pistol either.
What do I do?
I rarely use it any more.  I have the Force.  The Force is more powerful than any pistol.  You shouldn't put too much faith in that weapon.  Work on becoming aware of the Force... learn to feel its presence within you.  Try to sense what it's telling you.  It's the only thing you can rely on.
Are you sure you don't need it?
Yes... the Force... something horrible has happened.  I couldn't see what it was, or where it was, but it was terrible... terrible beyond description... the cry of millions dying at once.
Are you all right?
Keep away, I'm fine, I'm fine.
What's wrong?  What's happening?
These are doubtful times.  The Empire has grown bold in its disregard of the...
But she's a member of The Twelve Families.  How can they hold her?
I doubt it.  It would be foolish for the rebel forces to come out of hiding. I know your feelings.  You'd best forget them.  It's for your own good. There will be no saving her from the prisons of Alderaan.  It's the heart of the Sith.  The Bogan Force is the most heavy there.
When we get Artoo's message to them, you think they'll try to rescue the princess?
He's bluffing...
This is the last place.  Shouldn't we just take what we can get and think of something else?
Five, maybe.  Let me handle it.
We don't have that kind of money. How much do you think I can get for the speeder?
There are two halves of the Force of Others.  One is positive and will help you if you learn how to use it.  But the others half will kill you if you aren't careful.  This negative side of the Force is called the Bogan, which is where the expression came from, and it is the part that is used by the Dark Lords to destroy their opponents.  Both halves are always present.  The Force is on your right, the Bogan is on your left.  The Kiber Crystal can amplify either one.  The Crystal Darth stole was the last one in the possession of the Jedi.  When he joined the Sith, the power of the Dark Lords was completed.
Like Bogan weather, or bogan times. I thought that was just a saying.
They use the Bogan Force.
Do the Sith know the ways of the Force?
Yes.  It was a black day.  One of my disciple's took the crystal and became a Sith Lord.  It was a black day.  The few crystals that remain are in the possession of the Sith Lords on Alderaan.  That's how they've become so powerful.
That's where my father was killed.
I had one, but it was taken at the battle of Condawn...
Don't you have a Kiber crystal?
When a creature dies, the force it generated remains.  The Force is all around us.  It can be collected and transmitted through the use of a Kiber crystal.  It's the only way to amplify the power of the Force within you.
How can you store an energy field within you?
A Jedi's power is measured by the amount of the Force that is stored within him, and I have little of the Force left in me.
But you're still a powerful Jedi. You don't need my help.
Luke, I'm coming along to do what I can, but I'm tired and I'm depending on you to get us through.
It means you'd better get some rest. We'll be leaving for Mos Eisley first thing in the morning.  The trip will be difficult and dangerous, but it's the only spaceport with ships large enough to get us to Organa Major.  Now go on!
What do you mean?
That is not a human decision, not your or mine.
Could I learn to feel it?
It surrounds you and radiates from you.  A Jedi can feel it flowing from him...  ... from here!
You mean I generate an energy field?
Let's just say the Force is something a Jedi Warrior deals with.  It is an energy field in oneself, a power that controls ones acts, yet obeys ones commands.  It is nothing, yet it makes marvels appear before your very eyes. All living things generate this Force field, even you.
My father used to talk about the Force of Others.  But he never told me what it was...
You were right.  It is my responsibility.  The Force of Others brought the message to you and then it brought you to me.
Not any more!
But the Sith Lords are involved! Whatever information this R-2 unit is carrying, it must be awfully important.  They're probably looking for him... I'm no match for the Sith. This is a Jedi's work.  This is your responsibility!
I already know you think you're worthless.  I recommend you learn to think of yourself in a better light, for what you believe you are is what you become.  I haven't been involved in anything like this for many years.
But you must!  I can't do it alone. I'm not at all like my father.  I'd never make it.
I'm afraid I've gotten too old for this sort of thing.
My father told me many stories about you.  He said if I was ever in trouble, to come here... I need your help.
I know your intentions.  I probably know much more about you than you realize.  In many ways you're a lot like your father.  He was an indulgent man, but a clever warrior.  Now what brings you out here?
I assure you my intentions weren't bad.
You could put it that way.
You saw through me?
I know that.
I... I'm not a Bendu Officer.  I'm not even a startrooper.
But you are... I know your 'Diary of the Clone Wars' by heart.  My father...
I know who you are.  Stand up so that we can talk properly.  You're embarrassing me.  I'm not that important.
I am the son of Annikin Starkiller.
I don't see why.  I don't believe we've ever met.
I'm afraid it's been a long time since the White Legions roamed the stars.  But I have the memories.
You're General Kenobi?!?  The Jedi knight!  The commander of the White Legions?
You might say I'm part of the landscape here.  They call me Ben Kenobi.
Who are you anyway?
Of course.  I'm a Bendu officer.
Oh, so you're a warrior then?
I'm Luke Starkiller, guardian of the Bendu.
You're lucky those Tuskens didn't boil you before they hung you out to dry.  They're not the friendly sort. You'd best be moving on before they come back.
Couldn't we have tried to think of something else first!
Sorry, but that was the only way to get you down.
All of them altogether. You seem to have gotten yourself into a fine mess!  What happened?
What do you mean, 'good morning'? Do you mean that it is a good morning for you, or do you wish me a good morning, although it is obvious I'm not having one, or do you find that mornings in general are good?
Good morning!
Just be warned, that things aren't always as they seem... especially the starforce recruiting posters.
At least you're doing something... I'd give anything to be in your position.
The academy is fantastic... Of course, they won't teach you anything about flying you don't already know.  Most of the instructors are very conservative pilots.  You can fly circles around them... but there is a lot on the scientific side that is down-right amazing, and you get a lot of discipline... but after you graduate, don't join the star force -- go free-lance.  It's the only way to get into the action... I can't wait until my hitch is up.
But you always said things were so great at the academy... What happened?
I'll tell you, Luke, and this is between you and me.  The star force isn't all it's cracked up to be. Frankly, it's a bore, and it's going to stay that way as long as this system is neutral...
But there was a lot of firing earlier...
That's no battle, kid... They're just sitting there!
You look great!  The uniform and everything!
Of course, where you been kid?
Forget it, son.
Yes, sir, but I can get him...
Blue Five, break off your cover attack.  It's too late.  Make your own run on the exhaust port.  Do you copy, Luke?
What's that?
I'm right behind you, Blue Leader.
I've got it blocked.  I'm all right.
Blue Five, does that glare bother you?
Yes, sir.
Six hours, huh?  Well, that's your ship there.  You're blue five.  You stay glued to me.  I don't want any independent operations out there. Personally I think it's foolish for them to be sending fresh kids out on a job like this.  This is no joy ride we're going on.
Yes, sir.  I was considered one of the best bush pilots on Sullust. I've also had six hours on the T-2.
Have you been checked out?
Yes, sir.
You're Starkiller?
Send out a boarding party.  Full assault gear.
We don't get many visitors.  Let's take a look at it.
Send one squad up.
As close as we can make out, it appears to be a Corellian gypsy vessel... It's not under power.
I'll make a report later.
Should we alert the Sith Lords?
Alert squad five, but hold them until we know what it is.
No reply on any circuits... It's drifting on a point twenty-seven skew.  It's not close enough to identify.
I have little time for your mercenary concerns, but I am grateful for the service you have given to our cause.  What is your price?
What about us?  Are we to wait forever?  Is our reward to be blown to bits on this forsaken system, while your fleet mounts some suicidal attack on that Death Star? Part of my reward is that I be around to spend it.
I'd like to get paid before that eventually.  I don't plan to stick around for the fireworks.
We must hurry to the base.  We have little time before the Death Star arrives.
Did it occur to you they might find us?
I don't see how we're going to find anything out here.  This terrain is hopeless.
I'd better go see how he's doing.
The fourth moon of Yavin.  I've given the coordinates to Chewbacca.
Where are you taking us now anyway?
We captured the plans in a raid on the Imperial shipyards, but we fell under attack before I could get the data to safety, so I hid it in this Artoo unit and sent him off.
The plans and specifications to a battle station with enough fire power to destroy an entire system... Our only hope in destroying it is to find its weakness, which we will determine from the data I stored in Artoo.
What's that little 'droid' carrying that's so blasted important?
When Artoo has been safely delivered to my forces, you get your reward. You have my guarantee.
Then I think we're due the reward you offered... and it had better be substantial after what we've been through.
All the data banks in Artoo are still secure.
Chewbacca, it's time we showed them this isn't the regulation F8-88 Cargo Trawler.
There are only three or four left.
Was this trip really necessary?
Here come six more... grid two!
It could be worse...
Yes, your highness. I'll let you open it then.  It won't be too long before they figure out what happened to us.  This has turned into a brilliant escape!
Put that thing away or you're going to get us all killed.
Thanks, old buddy.  I'll be with you in a second.
I noticed you were having some problems, Blue Five... I thought I'd help.
I know, but the chances for survival here just aren't great enough in my book.  I've got what I came for. Now I've got to get back to my ship.
You're a good pilot... I've learned a lot from you... I wish you...
Well, if it's not, we'll be facing that Death Star all by our lonesome.
They must be shielded somehow.  I'm sure the base is there.
I don't pick up any life form concentration down there.  She'd better be right.
Come back here... Where are you going?
Get to the ship!
Move out of the way!
It's only light that doesn't affect it.  Solid things, like rocks, can hurt it!  Fire above him!
Get Chewbacca.  Try to get around it. I'll draw it away.
Watch it!  Move back.
No, he smells something... but we haven't time to worry about it now.
Is he afraid of the water?
Not if this tunnel deadends.
I think she's going to be all right.
See Threepio, come in, See Threepio. I wonder where they are??  See Threepio...
Let's try this way!  Holy Maker.
Something has happened to them. Let's try this way...
I think I did.
Why didn't you say so before.
This isn't going to work.
Good!  I prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking around.
Between his howling and your blasting everything in sight, the entire city is going to know we're here.
I don't know... I've never fought anyone.
You're good with 'remotes,' but how are you against something living?
Well, I practice a lot...
Don't you believe it.
Maybe the fact that no one would go there voluntarily could help us. They probably don't think anyone would dare try.
No, it's impossible... No one, and I mean no one would venture anywhere near the Alderaan system... I'm a free booter, not revolutionary.  You're aboard the wrong ship, son!
All right, all right! You've got a ship!  But where do we go from here?  They probably took her to find the hidden bases... I don't see how we can find the rebels before she breaks.  The Empire has already beat us out.
Maybe you should just drop us off. I'm sure we can find someone willing to take the risk.
Why?
You can't!  We've come this far.  We must find them...
What are you saying?
I found it... It's just not there.
Sorcery!  I believe in myself... I determine my destiny, not some mystical energy field.
You don't believe in the Force?
I'd keep that thing close just in case, if I were you... I've been around from one end of the galaxy to the other and believe me this Force of Others stuff may make for good religion, but there is no substitute for a good weapon at your side.
It's automatic.
Who's the pilot?
We have a little business to take care of first, but it shouldn't take long. We'll be back shortly.
You got yourself a ship.  We can leave as soon as you're ready.
That's pretty steep.  We'd like to talk it over first.
Organa Major is a rebel system. There will be quite a few starfleet patrols between here and there... It could be a little tricky if you want to avoid them... ten thousand.
Who is this?  What's your operating...
The... ah door's jammed.  Give us a few minutes to get it fixed.
With four casualties?!
No need, everything's under control.
We'll send a squad up.
A Wookiee broke loose up here, but we've subdued him... There is a lot of damage, and three, no four, casualties...
It would be much easier if you were to tell us where the outposts are... Otherwise we'll be forced to destroy every suspicious system... What a waste...
No!...
It's too late... We already tested it on Organa Major.  It appears your data never got through.
They'll find its weakness.
The 'Death Star' has become operational.  There is no force in the universe that can stop us now.
It appears your ship had an accident. I will see to it that your death is duely reported.  There will be no one to save you this time.
You'll get no information from me. You have no authority... the council can't hold me!
Enough!  I already know about the data you've intercepted, but its' too late.  Whatever information you've gathered will be destroyed... You will come to know such suffering as only the Master of the Bogan Force can provide...
If you're as good a pilot as you are a swordsman... We're the ones who have been rewarded.
I... I don't know.  I guess I never thought about it... I just want to help.  I want to be in on the attack. I want my own ship.
And you?
He'll be well cared for.
Are there medical facilities on Yavin?
There'll be time for that later. Now let's get out of here.
I am Luke Starkiller at your service.
You're safe.  We've come to get you out of here... Just relax.
What is it?  What's going on?  Where are we?
Your father's dead.  Don't ever forget who's taking care of you, giving you food, giving you shelter, and giving you the allowance in the first place. If you plan to work at the academy the way you work around here, you won't last very long.  I don't want another word.  Finish your dinner, then finish cleaning those 'droids.'
You used my savings!  You stole my savings.  If my father were here...
I said we'd see.  And as it is, I was forced to borrow your academy savings to buy the new 'droids.'  When you've saved it up again, I'll let you go.
But you promised!  I've saved enough money and now you have the extra help ... you promised!
You'll check the condensing unit first... and you're not going to bed until those 'droids' are completely cleaned up...
I will, but I'll have enough time to transmit my application first.
First thing tomorrow morning you're going to check those condensing units on the south ridge.
I'd consider it an honor.
Thank you, sir.  Your kindness is greatly appreciated, but if it's at all possible, Artoo and I would like to remain in your service.
Threepio!  Shut down all garbage mashers on your level... Do you copy?? Threepio, shut down all garbage...
Are you there, sir?  We're going...
Holy Maker, Threepio.  I forgot...
See Threepio!  Do you copy?
Wait a minute, slow down!... That's better.  They're where?  They what? They are?  Oh, no! We're going to be mashed into conduit before this is over...
Good.  We're right above you.  Stand by.
For the moment.  We're in the main hangar.  Artoo is trying to plug into the system now.
Are you safe?
I'm afraid we're not plugged in at the moment, sir.  We've had some problems.
You're back.  What happened?  Never mind.  What's going on?
I read you sir.
See Threepio... do you copy?
Send feed-back into the control sensors in that Detention block.
Level five, Detention block A-23, cell 2187.  She's still alive...
I know, sir, but it's the principle of the thing.
Let him have it.  You're winning anyway.  It doesn't make any difference.
Well, ask him.  Tell him we need five thousand.
Sir, I have a couple of extra circuits.  Perhaps they might bring something.
I think we're going to need them. Blast it!
No, you're not.  What kind of talk is that...
I can't make it.  You go on, master Luke.  It doesn't make sense for you to risk yourself on my account.  I'm done for.
Can you stand?  We've got to get out of here before those Tuskens come back.
What happened?  I'm sorry, sir, I must have taken a bad step...
Well, I don't know what to do now. We'll just have to head inland and see if we can't find a settlement.
If you don't mind my saying so, sir, I don't see how anyone could live in this forsaken place.
According to my father's tapes, this is the spot where General Kenobi lives, but the instruments just don't match up with the landscape... There is no doubt about it, we're lost...
Several, I think.  There is not much to tell.  I'm not much more than an interpreter, and not very good at telling stories, not at making them interesting anyway...
Tell me where you've been.  I am going to become a startrooper and fight in the wars.  My father was a Jedi!  Were you in many battles?
That's how we came to be in your service, if you take my meaning...
You've been in the Counter Wars?... Against the Empire?
Indeed, sir, sometimes I'm amazed we're in as good shape as we are, what with the rebellion and all...
There's a lot of carbon scoring here. It looks like you boys have seen a lot of action...
Thank you, sir.  I'm See Threepio, Human Cyborg relations, and this is my counterpart, Artoo Detoo.
That's all right.  There is nothing anyone can do about it.  You can call me Luke.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm only a 'droid,' and not very knowledgeable of such things... not on this system anyway. As a matter of fact, I'm not even sure which system we're on.
Not unless you could get me into the military academy at Anchorhead.
You heard the Lieutenant ! On the bounce, troopers !
Saddle up, Roughnecks !
Yes, sir !
Mr. Barcalow, save power, don't waste it on workers... Ace, tell Aardvark we're on our way...
Down there on the flats, eh ? Listen up, Roughnecks ! Our primary objective is to assist our friends from the Fleet...
Got it. Fleet tactical wants to know where they can deploy the skimmers.
We'll take this high ground. Lookouts there and therte and up there. If the bugs come upstairs in this neighbor-hood, we'll be the first to know.
We're the old men, Ace.
We got reinforced. Most of'em just got outa boot...
Not enough, I guess.
Jeez, we musta killed a million already...!
What about it, Diz ?
No way. Big K taught me I ain't executive material.
Yeah, well, I hear he's a real nutbuster.
He was our teacher... He was great.
Dizzy says you two knew this Rasczak character in Buenos Aires...
I didn't see him !
Lieutenant's bought the farm. Where's the Sarge...?
Death to all bugs !
Mobile Infantery rules !
YAAAAAAAA !
No, this hurts.
What do I want with a scar ?
I say we all go to the laser parlor and get cut together.
You made squad leader on your own, and, hey, you still got me to kick around.
I joined up for her. I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for her. I'm a fool.
Whad'ya talkin  about ?
It's what I deserve.
Funny how they always want to be your friends after they kick your guts out.
Bye ! Write me ! I'm gonna kill you guys !
Our love will grow, dear, year by year...
Well, maybe you better look again.
Oh, yeah ? I don't see anyone else here with the chops to lead.
Wanting it doesn't make you the best one for the job.
It isn't about rich... It's about who's best...!
You rich kids... are all the same !
Something... I've got...you don't.
What makes you think... you'll make... squad leader, Rico ?
Hey, don't laugh. Everyone oughta have a friend like me !
What an honor...
You got some guts for a rich kid. I guess you and me could be buddies.
Sir, i know it was wrong. I didn't learn from one mistake and I made another, sir.  Sir, my family... my whole family was in Buenos Aires, sir.
Sorry, son. I can't do it. You signed the 1240/A. It would be illegal.
Sir, I wish to reconsider my request to drop out, sir.
Sir... I guess I do, sir.
Do you freely admit to the charges made against you ?
Sir, I needed everyone in my squad operational, sir... I... I wanted to win, sir.
Then why did you order your man to remove his helmet during a live fire exercise ?
Sir, no, sir.
Are you rated to repair a Marauder power suit, Rico ?
Sir, yes, sir. Breckinridge reported a helmet malfunction, and I asked him to show it to me, sir.
Rico, did you give the recruit permission to remove his helmet ?
I can't... but like I told you, it's a number's game. The Federation needs all the pilots it can get...
You always told me you couldn't do human...
I'll take it... until I get killed or you find someone better.
I hear they need a new Lieutenant... Want the job ?
The Roughnecks are always ready, sir.
Hope you're ready for more. We're going back to P to capture that Brain.
Didn't they tell you, Colonel ? That's what cap troopres are good for.
You don't approve. Well, too bad. We're in this for the species, boys and girls. It's simple numbers, they have more, and everyday I have to make decisions that send hundreds of people like you to their deaths.
Elegant proof of intelligence, isn't it ? We thought there might be a brain on P.
Bugs laid a trap, didn't they ?
Johnny, I'm sorry it had to be your unit on Planet P. That mission had a very low survival probability...
Dizzy wouldn't want our tears. She'd want us to remember her... with a vengeance. So go out and kill a bug for Dizzy. Kill as many as you can. You are her revenge, and every bug you kill honors her death.
Please continue, Sergeant.
I got Games & Theory.
I don't believe it !
Love... how excruciatingly pathetic. Now try and pay attention.
All I know is Carmen's going to be a citizen, and I don't think it'll work out for us if I'm not.
If you can't do those numbers, you haven't got a chance.
Eight point... no, uh, seven...
Only 1 in 14 male applicants make it through stellar navigation. So what do you think your chances are ?
I'm eighteen. It's my decision, I think I'd make a pretty good pilot. I've good great reflexes. You need that for maneuvering, you know.
Your father will never let you.
I've been thinking about applying for Federal Service, too. Fleet, maybe.
Passport to the Universe. Who wouldn't want that ?
Ten of clubs. You still gonna sign up for Starside R&D ?
I gave him the impression that there was a fly crawling up my mom's leg. He is going to go eat it.
How do you make him do that ?
In addition to "psychic dolt" this test also proves I'm unlucky ? Two of hearts.
Statistically speaking you should've accidentally guessed right by know.
Ace of spades.
Don't think about it... go on instinct.
You got it bad.
Yeah, but I want Carmen.
Don't have to... Some mating semaphore is pretty hard to miss.
Did you read her mind ?
Others are waiting.
What's the hurry ?
You still haven't kissed her yet ? Don't lie.
Zander, no...!
Just giving you something to remember me by, baby.
Zander, what are you doing ?
Is it true ?
It wasn't luck. Rico ignored the mission objective to rescue you...
I thought I was dead. Lucky for me you jokers showed up, eh ?
I do.
I don't know, Zander.
How do you feel about him now ?
Yeah.
That girl who died on the way up ...his girl ?
A funeral.
Where are you going ?
You're upset, that's alright.
No, I... Oh, Zander, I'm a fool.
Please, I... Everybody's lost someone by now. This shouldn't be any different...
I'm sorry, Carmen.
Excuse me...!
Carmen...?
Hey, bugs don't take prisoners.
No, funny there's almost no wounded at all.
I'm not kidding. Marriage is -
Funny...
Fleet encourages marriages among flight officers. You'd probably get a promotion out of it.
So who's got time to get married ?
So ?
There's a war on. I want a command, I want my own ship, you do, too...
If we're gonna be a team, why not be a real team ?
You weren't thinking...you were dreaming !
I was thinking. Maybe we should get married, Carmen.
Zander, please... Let's go !
Let's disregaed rank... Everybody hear that ? Rank is not an issue here.
Forget it, Carmen. The Mobile Infantery does a thankless, dirty job, so they naturally tend to be short-tempered, thoughtless and rude.
Johnny, wait...
Zander, you remember Johnny ? Zander and I are a flight team now.
Everything coposetic, Lieutenant ?
It looks like an... asteroid.
THERE !	GRAVITY FIELD... IT'S BIG !
WHERE IS IT ?
Me, too... Day and Night-Cycle.
I want to be part of the best flight team in the Fleet...
You and me, huh ?
She got a command... and she thinks we oughta team up officially and crew for her. She thinks we're good together.
Don't mess with the boss. So what'd the captain say ?
Well, whad'ya know...
Don't change the subject. Am I right ?
You know I was talking to Captain, Deladier, and she said...
Hey, check it.
Three weeks aboard a starship and you know it all, huh ?
No, I replotted the course. It's more efficient this way.
Profile's wrong... there.
Oh, I don't know... Depends on who you are spending it with.
Thanks. You read my mind. Third watch always seems to last forever.
Oh, I see... teamwork.
They revoke our flight status.
Or...?
Twenty-five by five, roll seven. And don't exceed port speed.
Oh, yes, sir. Vector ?
This isn't simulation anymore. Take'er out easy, cadet.
In simulation, my supervisors could never keep up.
Maybe not. I heard about this crazy girl coming through the academy, solid math, a little wild on the stick, but a natural. When it turned out it was you, I made sure we'd run into each other...
It's amazing, us running into each other like this. Maybe it's fate.
Only when I give you an order.
Assistant insructor... You must be some kind of a hot stick. Should I call you "sir" ?
I'm the guy who's gonna teach you to fly this crate.
Hey ! What are you doing here ?
Yeah, we know each other from the game. No hard feeling, eh, chum ?
Johnny, this is Zander.
Don't you have to finish the game ?
I'm all ears.
I don't know. It's my last night as acivilian. I ship out for Tereshkova tomorrow.
Everyone is going to the dance. Aren't you ?
So what are you doing later ?
I'm getting better.
Are you alright ?
Up. We gotta be near A Company by now.
Which way ?
We've gotta go get her !
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
See you on the bounce !
Take care, wilya Johnny ?
How are you, Carl ?
Well, look at this. The three of us back together again.
I like it. It's kinda...you.
Almost got knocked out of the sky over Big K.
What happened to your eye ?
You look so... I don't know, you look like you've really been in it.
That was just a mix up.
I thought you were KIA, Johnny...
No, I think something's up. The Sky Marshall's here.
We gotta choke on the mud and the blood and Fleet can't be bothered to spit.
...I'm sorry.
I'm not, but alot of my soldiers are. Glass the planet !
Johnny...! I thought you were dead !
Hey, it's just a vestigal response to procreation... bitch.
What's wrong with you ?
Johnny... Life is so different from the way it was. One day you'll see what I did was best for both of us.
Should I be ?
You don't look very happy to see me.
I try just to be happy I'm still alive.
It's funny. Sometimes I forget. Then it hits me, and I can't stop crying.
It's alright, I guess. You hear from anyone made it out of B.A. alive ?
What do you think ? Everyone did it when we got our wings. You don't like it, do you ?
What happened to your hair ?
I'm glad you're doing so well. If they haven't made you squad leader by now, I'm sure you will.
Shhhh...!
I said it. Isn't that enough ? Don't forget to write !
Do you mean it ?
Alright, I love you.
Com'on, just say it. Try it on for size.
I love you.
I'll miss you, too, Johnny.
I'm gonna miss you.
He left this morning. He couldn't say where.
You talk to Carl ?
Who cares ! The Federation'll give me everything I need for the next two years, right ?
Poor boy. I'm sorry your parents were so mad.
My Dad had to help me pack. Suddenly he's afraid he's never gonna see me again or something. It was sweet, but it took forever. Anyway, I guess I'm ready to go.
You're late.
I'll go for that.
Let's all make a vow. Let's swear we'll always be friends no matter what.
Whoa ! Way to go, boy-yo !
Games & Theory ? That's Military Intelligence... Oh, Carl !
Did you get Starside R&D ?
Hey, Carl, what's wrong ?
Shhh ! Don't make him feel worse.
He was in the group with me. I guess he didn't...
Naw, I made it, Carl made it.
I wonder where Carl is. You don't suppose...?
Shhh...
I love you, Carmen.
You're right. Let's never stop...
Who cares ?
Everyone's looking... we shouldn't...
I'm gonna do it, Carmen. I'm gonna sign up for Federal Service.
Are you the boy for me ?
I don't even know if you're my girl.
He's nothing like you.
I can't help it.
Johnny Rico, you're jealous !
You two have so much in common.
Zander is going for pilot, too.
What are you talking about ? We both know you're gonna be a pilot.
No, I mean if he can get in, maybe I have a chance.
Yeah, sure, I guess.
He just got accepted to the Fleet Academy. Isn't that great ?
Good luck at the academy.
None at all... We won.
I'll meet you outside.
Wait, I want to talk to Mr. Rasczak.
Aw, you're in love with me... You just dont know it yet.
Romance is just a vestigial biological response to procreation...
It wouldn't be so romantic if we weren't...
How do I know if this is love ?
Isn't it great to be in love ?
Sometimes I do what I want, eh ?
Well, if your dad doesn't like me, how come we're such good friends ?
It's not you, Johnny. Your parents are rich they don't need to be citizens, and that stuff means a lot to my dad. He's a veteran.
What's he got against me... I mean, I 'm a teenager. You can't be a citizen when you're only a teenager !
Johnny, my Dad's home today.
Carl can wait.
I thought you were going to help Carl.
Why not ?
You can't walk me home.
It's all I think about anymore.
How come that's all you talk about anymore ?
Why won't you kiss me when we're all alone ?
I don't want everyone to see.
Then how come you won't hold hands with me at school ?
Don't be so sure. I like you even if you are dumb with numbers.
Who cares about bugs ? You can't go anywhere if you don't know math.
Well, at least you didn't lose your lunch over a bug. How embarassing.
35% on the math final !  No one could be that dumb with numbers.
Excuse me...!
Well, if that's the crop, that must be the gastric caecal...
Aw, c'mon, it's just a bug.
Eeuch !
I have good reflexes.
Marco's sister. Can you imagine maneuvering half a million tons through crwoded space lanes... You gotta have nerves of steel ! Reflexes are critical
Who ?
She's flying starships !
Your turn...
Good for you.
No way, ma'am !
Leave me, Lieutenant ! That's an order !
Ibanez...LET'S GO !
This is Rodger Young, we're going down... Repeat, this is Rodger Young, we're going down...!
He requested a combat assignment. There's always a need for experienced pilots on the ground. I had no choice but to let him go... He said you'd understand.
Where's Lieutenant Barcalow ?
Bug Batteries... According to Military Intelligence, it'll be random and light. Drop status ?
Plasma, ma'am... from the planet.
Thank you, ma'am.
Good work, Number 1. You'll do.
Yes, ma'am.
Alright, take her out, Ibanez.
Yes, ma'am !
Take the number one chair, Ibanez. Follow all instructions of you supervisor.
Pilot Trainee Ibanez reporting for duty, ma'am.
That's it, we're empty ma'am !
This isn't random or light. Someone made amistake...!
Number 4, contact Fleet and tell 'em there's a loose asteroid headed their way.
Trajectory indicates it came out of the Arachnid Quarantine Zone.
Where'd it come from ?
Captain, we are in the path of an unidentified object moving at near light speed...
Report.
Yes, ma'am. Star drive in three... two... one...
Steady as she goes, number one. Prepare for warp. Number two, design for Jupiter orbit.
It's alright 'cause I got to have you, Johnny...
No, you're gonna be alright, Diz !
I bought the farm, didn't I, Johnny ?
Roughneck patrol to battle group... Roughneck patrol to battle group...
All bands.
What frequency ?
I'm on it !
Diz, see what you can do.
They ran out of names a long time ago in this part of the galaxy.
Planet P ? What kind of name is that ?
What ?
Hey, Diz...
Well, excuse me, sir...
I said no. Want me to pull rank ?
You used to dance...
Nah, I don't do that anymore...
C'mon...
I'm gonna need a squad leader.
Way to go, amigo !
That you don't have what it takes to be acitizen !
What's that, Diz ?
You take the stroll down Washout Lane, you're only proving one thing, Johnny.
Well, see ya.
Hey, they humiliated me in front of everyone ! I'm just supposed to take it, huh ? Well, I'm not gonna, and I guess that proves I just can't cut it.
If they didn't want you, they woulda kicked you out, amigo.
I don't stay where I'm not wanted.
It stinks, you goin.
You got it.
Cover me.
High school... remember ? Run a flip six, three hole play, and you might score...
What ?
Flip six, three hole.
Man, they're defended... no way in.
You saying you didn't ?
What ? You think I joined the Mobile Infantery because of you ?
You are. I joined up to get out on my own. And you had to tag along.
What's your malfunction, Rico ?
No thanks, Diz.
Hey, amigo, come chow with me.
You're the best.
Guess you gotta go.
Uh, look, Diz...
Sure.
Can't we just be friends, Diz ?
How come we never got together ?
Well, anyone who gets you is lucky.
Looks like, unless Tokyo lets me start.
You still gonna play for Brazil ?
Too bad for her if she's not around.
Actually, Diz, I promised Carmen...
Hey, Rico, wanna dance ?
Just throw me the ball, Diz.
You were drifting. Flip six, three hole. On one, got it ?
What ?
Hut... hut !
A lot can happen in three minutes.
This time of the year...?
Looks like rain.
Oh, my, what's that ?
Yeah ! We'll talk it out and have a good glass of wine ... and... well, we love you, son.
We'll all have dinner. I'll fix your favorite.
Don't talk like that. Get yourself home as fast as you can.
Johnny, why won't you change your mind ? Does citizenship mean so much to you ?
...CUT OFF !
Teenagers !
Why did you go and do that ? He was all ready to go Zegema Beach !
A year at Harvard and you'll  see this "Federal Service" is just menial training for inferior people so they can call themselves "citizens" and take airs for the rest of their lives.
Good good, then it's all settled.
Who gave you this idea ? It's that teacher. What's his name ? You know the one I mean.
Johnny, people get hurt... people get killed in the Federal Service. If something happened to you I don't know what I would do...
It's not really working out for me here, dad. I was thinking... I was hoping it would be alright if I came home.
Well, it's just good to hear from you. What's up, son ?
I'm not going on vacation ! I want to be acitizen ! It's my decision. I made it.
I'm telling you, you will ! You're not going back. You're going to go on vacation !
I won't quit !
You'll resign, and that's all there is to it. It might look bad, but if that's the worst you suffer...
Sorry. Carl's a fine boy...
Wait a minute ! Carl is doing his Federal and he isn't inferior. He's the smartest kid at school !
Wow ! Santori and Zegema Beach, I've always wanted to go there.
A trip to the Outer Rings. Whad'ya think of that ?
Oh, is that how it is ?
I'm eighteen. It's my decision.
Good, because you're going to Harvard, and that's the end of it.
No, Mr. Rasczak doesn't do that at all. He sorta discourages you really.
Rasczak... Silly name. There ought to be a law against using a school as a recruiting station !
Mr. Rasczak.
It's aterm of service, not a career. I just want to get out on my own and see the Galaxy for a couple of years.
Have you lost you lost your mind ? I'd rather take ten lashes in Public Square than see you ruin your life.
A lot of my friends are doing Federal Service...
This came for you today. I presume on your request.
AAAAAAAAAAA !
Gillespie, put in call for retrieval. We're off this rock. Gillespie, do you read me ?
Keep trying, Sergeant.
I don't understand it, Lieutenant. It's not getting anything from 4th Brigade... not even their transponder.
They'd rather spend our lives than risk their ships. Who's got the nuke ?
Fleet's pulling the battle group back to safe distance... They'd like us to knock out those batteries, sir.
Corporal, I want pulse cannons there and there ! Rifle teams, spread out along the ridge ! Sugar, bring up that flame thrower !
Yes, sir ! Fleet, this is Roughneck patrol, over ...?
We must be right over the colony. Let's get some air support, eh ?
Bugs don't lay traps... They aren't intelligent ! Unlike you, they're stupid enough to follow orders !
My job is to protect the lives of my soldiers so they can kill bugs, Major, and if you're walking me into a trap-
Take your group down to P and have a look see. Leave the thinking to us, Lieutenant. That's not your job.
Sounds more like some idiot at Military Intelligence Command wants to get me and my cap troopers killed...
Owen reported the eradication of a low generation colony a month ago. That's why MICOM wants onsite assessment.
I thought 4th brigade cleaned out P.
At 0821 we received a distress call from Planet P, priority code, requesting reinforcement...
Must fill your bottle up real quick when your wife and kids get smeared.
Geez, I don't think I've ever seen him smile.
He was a teacher , kind of a know it all... Always had this little smile.
You knew the Lieutenant before the war... What was he like ?
Good luck. It's not there anymore.
I always wanted to go to Zegema Beach.
I wouldn't mind.
Are you kidding ? They always get killed. You want the job ?
Seeing as how we're about all that's left of  1st Brigade, you'd have to call that an improvement.  You top kick ?
Doesn't look like it to me.
Sir, yes it is, sir.
Is that your signature, Rico ?
Sir, yes, sir !
The Marauder power suit will prevent serious injury, but if you are hit, you will be non-operational and your team score will suffer accordingly. Rico, has each member of your squad completed a weapons safety check ?
Don't stand there dumb... GO !
Sir, thank you, sir !
Smith, GO ! McIntire, GO ! Flores, GO ! Rico, I'm making you sqaud leader !
I want to be a citizen because... well, because of my girl, sir.
Please complete this sentence. I want to be citizen because...
Courage, I guess.
Which do you think is more important, courage or confidence ?
No, sir.
Are your parents currently citizens ?
Here in Buenos Aires.
No talking please. I'm going to ask you some questions. Please answer all questions truthfully. We'll know if you don't. Birthplace ?
I've made a mess of things. I've been so stupid...
Well, of course you should come home immedietly !
Bill... pick up... it's Johnny ! You little rat. You haven't called, you haven't written. It's been so lonely here without you...
Hi, mom.
Hello... Oh, Johnny...!
I hope so. I hope you don't ruin your life over some silly little girl who wants to look handsome in a uniform.
Well, yeah, sure...
Well, that's what you're saying ! You're saying that I'm not good enough the way I am now !
Johnny, please. Calm yourself.
I don't know what they teach at Harvard, but I think I'm pretty good enough the way I am !
Uh, no.
Wait you two. Dad and I have a surprise for you that will settle this. Can you guess what it is ?
Aw, don't get mushy.
Who said you could grow up so fast ? Last time I checked you were only five years old. You had such a bright little face...
This is my farm. Now c'mon, give me what you got and get out of here...
Don't be a hero...
Nah, I figureyou folks oughta get upstairs before it's too late... Gimmee the nuke.
Alright, we're gonna carry you...
Been better, buddy.
How bad are you, pal ?
Let's get some armor on her, and the we'll get outa this stinkin bug hole !
Not a problem.
Can you walk ?
Move out.
Let's go.
Yeah, that's right.
That would mean a comlete disregard for the mission objective. They hang you for that, Rico.
I'm gonna save Carmen.
What do you think you're doing ?
Hey, just calm down, I'm giving the orders here-
We're outa here. Lieutenant, get your men into the skimmers. This real estate's about to go buggy.
The Rodger Young just burned up...
What's your problem now, Lieutenant ?
Saddle up, boys, that's our trash !
Rodger Young, prepare to receice outgoing fire...!  I'll take the first group.
You heard the Sky Marshall... Move it all down -
This is a Fleet-driven operation, son, and the Fleet thinks my boat will be safer on the high ground. You can have everything else, eh ?
You're standing on my H.Q., Lieutenant !
This would be mine, sir. Acting Sergeant John Rico. I've assumed command on this mission.
On whose authority, Corporal ?
Not with an officer, no, sir. The M.I. doesn't mint stupid cap troopers.
You heard me. Wanna make something out of it, private ?
You got something to say about the Mobile Infantery ?
I get it. This is the part that's best for both of us. Don't do me anymore favors, eh ?
Best in the Fleet !
You can never be sure.
Don't get any ideas. She's my girl.
Then I hope you have a crazy pilot ! Keep the line open, Dizzy !
Inside 4th brigade compound ? That's crazy !
Landing zone is extremely hostile. Come down on this transmission !
What is your position ?
SHUT UP, SIR ! We need pick up now !
This is Rodger Young... What's going on down there ? We're taking plasma ! We have Orion P-11 as clear !
Give'em hell, sir !
This is my farm. Get on the boat, NOW ! That's an order, Sergeant.
We're not leaving you here, sir !
Rico, tell'em to glass this goddam planet. I've never seen so many bugs upstairs at the same time...
I can't My legs are gone... Get on the boat...
Hit your jets, sir !
Cover us, Ace !
AAAAAAAAAAAA !
Yes, sir !
Sergeant, secure the boat !
What's going on, Diz ?
Warm it all up ! Everything you got ! Levy, collect the big guns from the towers. Watkins, put General Owen with the wounded. Rico, where's my communications ?
Looks like a bug was in his brain, sir.
What's that look like to you, Rico ?
Yes, sir.
Rico, you're acting Sergeant now. My last Sergeant lost the com pack. Put together a search team and find the radio shack. We need retrieval.
Who's that with you ?
Yes, sir !
Corporal, the Roughnecks are moving out for Planet P immediately. Get yourself squared away and report to Gillespie for logistics.
Never pass up a good thing, eh ?
Yes, sir...
Yopu asked me some advice once, Rico. Want some now ?
Yes, sir.
Kill the bitch.
All dead except one, sir.
I'm not interested in nostalgia, Rico, I need a corporal. You're it until you're dead or I find someone better.
Uni High Tigers, sir. Don't you remember ? I was captain of the team.
Where'd you learn to do that, soldier ?
Figuring things out for yourself is the only freedom anyone really has. Use that freedom. Make your own choice, Rico.
Well, my parents are against it, and I know it's my choice, but I was wondering... What would you do if you were me ?
Good for you. Go find out.
I wanna join up, Mr. Rasczak. I think I have what it take to be a citizen.
Well, it's not really my job to please. Hope you learned something.
I just wanted to say thanks 'cause History and Moral Philosophy was the best class I had this year.
What is it, Rico ?
Mister Rasczak ?
Of course you don't. I doubt if any of you here would recognize 'civic virtue' if it bit you in the ass.
Uh, I don't know.
The exact words of the text. But do you understand it ? Do you believe it ?
The difference lies in the field of civic virtue. A citizen accepts personal responsibility for the safety of the body politic, of which he is a member, defending it, if need be, with his life. The civilian does not.
You. Tell me the moral difference, if any, between the citizen and the civilian ?
We will answer and present <U>proof</U> of our answer when it is ready!
<U>Answer</U>!
Our data is being prepared.
V'ger will comply if the carbon units disclose the information.
Then V'ger must withdraw its orbiting devices.
The information will not be disclosed.
They have repressed the Creator.
Because V'ger is going to destroy all the carbon units on the third planet.
Kirk-unit, <U>why</U> do you not disclose information?
KIRK UNIT! DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION!
Not until V'ger withdraws the devices orbiting the third planet.
Disclose the information.
You infest and control Enterprise. V'ger believes carbon-units interfere with the Creator in the same manner.
The carbon-units are not responsible for that.
The Creator has not answered.
<U>Why</U>?!
The carbon-units infection will now be removed from the Creator's planet.
<U>Why</U>...?!
You may proceede.
The examination is a normal function.
V'ger is that which seeks the Creator.
Who is V'ger?
The Creator is that which created V'ger.
To join with him.
Find the Creator? <U>What</U> Creator? <U>Whose</U>...!?  What does V'ger want of the 'Creator'... ?
V'ger travels to the third planet to find the Creator.
Why does V'ger travel to the third planet of the solar system directly ahead?
That unit no longer functions. I have been given its form to more readily communicate with the carbon-based units infesting Enterprise.
Where is Lt. Ilia?
Is V'ger the Captain of the alien vessel?
V'ger is that which programmed me.
Who is...'V'ger'...?
It will... take me from <U>you</U>...
And when V'ger melds? What will happen to you?
It expects a return signal now, ordering it to transmit that information to the Creator.
'To learn all that is learnable.'
V'ger is announcing that it has arrived, sir -- that it's ready to deliver the information it was programmed to collect...
As I stated, V'ger calls to the Creator.
To learn all that is learnable; to deliver all collected data to the Creator on the third planet. That is the programming.
To join, and become One with the Creator?
By the Creator.
A machine...! Then it had to be programmed. By <U>whom</U>...?
That is how V'ger will survive.
You said V'ger's purpose was to find and join with the Creator.
The carbon units are of no consequence; V'ger will determine their purpose.
Does V'ger object to the presence of the two carbon units?
That is logical. You may procede.
Within you are memory patterns of a carbon unit. If I can help you revive these patterns; you could understand our functions better.
When my examination is complete, the carbon units will be reduced to data patterns.
What does that mean?
More data concerning this functioning is necessary before carbon units can be patterned for data storage.
Enterprise would be unable to function <U>without</U> carbon units.
Enterprise should not require the presence of carbon units.
What is Enterprise's proper evolvement?
Carbon units have clearly retarded Enterprise's proper evolvement.
Yes.
Carbon units are not true life forms... Do those images repre- sent how Enterprise has evolved into its present form?
The crews of the previous Enterprises were also carbon units. In what way is the life form in your vessel different?
Mr. Scott... on my next signal.
Tractor beam strength lessening, Captain.
Engineering...
They reach final position in... Twenty-seven minutes -- mark.
Mr. Chekov, when do those devices activate?
Spock...!  Get a fix on his position!
Sir! Airlock four has been opened; a thruster suit is reported missing!
Have a security team meet me at Deck Four main elevator!
Deck four, Captain; Officers' Quarters...!
Very well, Mr. Chekov, see to it. Viewer off.
It is a courier, Captain. Grade One priority. Non-belligerency confirmed.
Departure angle.
Departure angle on viewer.
Enterprise, I want that signal again. Transmit!
And plug the signal directly into the circuitry at this...  ... point here, Captain. It should pick up even a tricorder playback.
Capture God! In order to retrieve V'ger's data, the Creator has to physically come here!...
The fault is here, sir, not in the transmission.  The antenna leads have been disconnected. V'ger never intended to accept a transmitted signal.
Captain... I'd like to go along...
Mr. Decker... I will contact you every five minutes. Otherwise... inform Mr. Scott immediately.
No!
Captain, we can't be sure that our... move... will actually save Earth.
    , if we do not provide     V'ger with certain information, we won't have twenty-two <U>seconds</U>; the plan must be implemented upon arrival.
I'm afraid our hand is pretty weak, Captain.  But it's the only game in town.
Well, Mr. Decker, it seems my bluff is being called.
The question is, Mr. Decker, <U>is</U> there a next move...
Captain, what's the next move?
They could have many ways of destroying things, Mr. Decker.
Why bring us inside? Not to destroy us; they could have done that outside.
Forcefields, full remaining strength...! Total reserve!
The ship is under attack...! Man all defensive stations...!
It's running our records! Starfleet strength, Earth defenses...
It's taken control of the computer...!
<U>Computer off</U>!
You asked my opinion, sir.
How do you define <U>unwarranted</U>, <U>mister</U>?!
That's precisely the point, Captain. We don't know it will do. Moving into the cloud -- at this time, is an unwarranted gamble.
That thing is twenty hours from Earth. We know nothing about it yet.
I advise caution, Captain; we can't withstand another attack.
Mr Decker....
Captain, we've seen what their weapons can do. Shouldn't we take every possible precaution -- ?
No...  ... that could also be misinter- preted as hostile, Mr. Decker.  Cloud composition, Mr. Spock?
Recommend defensive posture, Captain: Screens and shields.
Mister Chekov, log Mister Spock's Starfleet commission reactivated; list him as Science Officer; both effective immediately.
Of course not. I'm aware of Mister Spock's qualifications.
If our Executive Officer has no objections...?
Yes, sir, I'll do that.
I trust you will... nursemaid me through these difficulties, Mister?
Sir, you haven't logged a single star hour in two and a half years. That, plus your unfamiliarity with the ship's design -- in my opinion, sir, seriously jeopardizes our mission.
Granted.
Permission to speak freely, sir?
Stop competing with me, Decker!
I'm aware of that, sir.
You saved the ship.
Thank you, sir. I'm sorry I embar- rassed you.
Then you acted properly, of course.
Sir, the Enterprise redesign increases phaser power by channeling it through the main engines. When they went into anti-matter imbalance, the phasers were automatically cut off.
Explanation, Mr. Decker: Why was my phaser order countermanded?
Mister Decker; every minute brings that object nearer Earth!  Engineering! Stand by for Warp Drive.
... but I still recommend further simulation study.
Program set for standard Warp entry, Captain...
Programming ready?
You are, Mister Decker. I'm afraid you'll have to double as Science Officer.
None available, Captain. There's no one in fact, who's fully rated on this design.
We'll have to replace Commander Sonak. I'd still like a Vulcan there, if possible...
No, Admiral. I don't think you are; not one damned bit. I remember when you recommended me for this command. You told me how envious you were, and if only you could find a way to get a starship command again. Well, sir, it looks like you found a way.
That's why you're staying aboard. I'm sorry, Will.
Admiral, this is an almost totally new enterprise. You don't know her a tenth as well as I do.
My experience -- five years out there dealing with unknowns like this -- my familiarity with the Enterprise, this crew...
May I ask Why?
Yes.
-- You, personally, are assuming command?
You'll stay aboard as Executive Officer... a temporary grade reduction to Commander.
I'm replacing you as Captain of the Enterprise.
You are what...?
I'm taking over the Center seat. I'm sorry, Will.
You got the Enterprise, it's what <U>you</U> wanted. This is what I want.  But, Jim...  ... <U>I'm</U> the right choice for this mission.
Jim... he <U>wants</U> it.
   We have twenty-one minutes. Captain,    we can still save V'ger... and ourselves.
That transmitter is a vital link between V'ger and the Creator. 
V'ger has begun to understand the true limits of our universe, thereby realizing the existence of other dimensions. To fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension; V'ger believes this can be achieved only by joining with the Creator.
Mr. Spock, what would V'ger need to fulfill itself?
A tractor beam...
Forward motion, Captain...!
It seems we <U>all</U> imagine God in our own image.
Then V'ger believes the Creator to be a <U>machine</U> too.
That probe in there -- in a different form now -- is the same thing that <U>killed</U> Ilia!
Exactly.  And you did have a 'relationship' with Lieutenant Ilia, Commander.
We have just seen that its body duplicates our navigator in <U>precise</U> detail. Suppose that beneath its programming, the real Ilia's memory patterns are duplicated with equal precision.
It's a programmed <U>mechanism</U>, Mr. Spock...
Captain... this probe may be a key a key to the Aliens.
This served the purpose.
We could have cut it off at the main computer...
That would presuppose a feeling, Commander... compassion. I sensed <U>no</U> emotion, only...  ... pure logic.
They may have attacked only as a warning to us, Captain. To keep away.
No.
If I'd seen you again, would you have been able to say it?
That you left? or that you didn't say 'goodbye'?
No more than I expected  Not as difficult as this. I'm sorry...
Was he difficult?
Wormhole distortion has over- loaded main power systems...!
Navigational deflectors inoperative...!  Directional control also inoperative, Captain...!
Unidentified small object has been pulled into the wormhole with us, Captain! Directly ahead...!
Negative control from inertial lag will continue 22 point five seconds before forward velocity slows to sub-light speed.
I would never take advantage of a sexually immature species.  You can assure him that's true, can't you?
I now the Captain meant no person- al insult.
Decker....!
Hello, Ilia.
Viewer, standard ahead.
Fifteen seconds to Cloud Boundary.
Opinion, Mister. Spock?
Thirty seconds to Cloud boundary...
Ten seconds....
Transmit, Mr. Spock! Now!
Impact in fifteen seconds...
Mr. Spock?
I stand corrected Mr. Decker.  Navigator, lay in a conic section flight path into the cloud center; bring us parallel to whatever we find in there...
Five minutes to Cloud boundary!
Mr. Chekov, stand by on the phasers...!
Twelve seconds...!
Time to impact...?
My oath of celibacy is on record Captain. May I assume my duties?
And in you, too, Lieutenant.
Our Exec and Science Officer...
'Commander' Decker?
Welcome aboard, Lieutenant.
Lieutenant Ilia reporting for duty, sir.
That was the order, Mr. Sulu: Clear the bridge.
Clear the bridge, Captain...?
Thrusters at station keeping...
Hold station...!
Thrusters ahead, one third.
Maneuvering thrusters, Mr. Sulu; ahead one third.  Full sensor scan, Mr. Spock; they can't expect us <U>not</U> to look them over now!
Viewer ahead, sir.
Viewer ahead.
Hold relative position here...
One hundred kilometers...
Adjust parallel course, Navigator. Bring us in to one hundred kilometers distance.
We're already two settings below that, sir.
Reduce magnification. Factor 4, Mr. Sulu.
Aye, sir.
Mr. Sulu, steady as she goes.
Accelerating to Warp One, sir.
Ahead Warp One, Mr Sulu.
Thrusters at station-keeping, sir.
Hold station.
Maneuvering thrusters, sir.
Maneuvering thrusters, Mister Sulu.
He's in Engineering, sir...  He doesn't know.
I appreciate the welcome; I wish the circumstances were less critical.  Epsilon Nine is monitoring the intruder; keep a channel open to them.  Where is Captain Decker?
Starfleet, boost your matter gain; we need more signal!
We're losing the pattern...!
Two and a half years as Chief of Starfleet Operations may have made me a little stale, Mr. Scott -- but I wouldn't exactly consider myself 'untried.'
The crew hasn't had near enough transition time with all the new equipment. And the engines, Admiral: they've yet to be even tested at warp power. Add to that, an untried Captain...
Mr. Scott, there's an alien object with unbelievable destructive power less than three days away from this planet...
Admiral, the Enterprise has just finished eighteen months redesign- ing and refitting. She needs testing, a shakedown...
See that it is.  Take me over, please.
We're hoping it's only a temporary problem, Admiral...
Why aren't the Enterprise transporters in operation, Mister Scott?
Admiral, I've been hoping to see you. Maybe you can get through to those thick heads in Starfleet that...
I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.'
... and the 'foolish' emotions which drive us?
Yes, Captain. It needed our mortality, the fear of it, our struggle against it, our fears, our dreams...
Spock, we <U>were</U> its answer!
That seems to be what it has planned -- to have the Creator physically present here.
There's no way to know. V'ger expected it to be a machine -- some single entity.  All of us here may be reduced into patterns...
... and then to reassemble itself <U>combined</U> with the Creator. The most certain way of obtaining all the Creator's answers.
V'ger plans to literally <U>meld</U> to reduce both itself and the Creator to patterns...
The point is, Captain, <U>twenty-two</U>    
The point... 
Captain, the orbital device will      not be triggered for twenty-two       minutes...                           
There is no alternative.
Has not, Doctor -- and now, because of what we are planning... will not...
No, Captain, not for us... for V'ger.
Not for us?
Precisely.
The orbiting devices would be controlled from the point, then...?
Yes, Captain, a child: evolving into adulthood -- learning, searching -- instinctively needing.
Child...!?
High mag, Mr. Sulu!
These read as identical composition...  ... however, Captain, they measure several hundred times more powerful!
'Is this all I am? Is there not more?'
What answers?
No meaning... No hope...  And, Jim, no answers...! Jim, it's looking for <U>answers</U> <U>itself</U>!
What should you have known?
A life form of its own; a conscious, living entity.
Were you right? Spock? V'ger is a living machine...?
Captain, I do not believe there <U>is</U> a crew -- or that this is a vessel as such.
If this is their ship's data banks, where is the crew? Or is their entire ship automated?
Exact patterns. The energy bolt that hit them wasn't simply a weapon -- it dematerialized them, stored them. But why?
Klingons... our Epsilon 9 station ... and Ilia!! They seem to be more than just images...
New crystals: they must contain the most recent data obtained --
And these 'sensor-swarms' collect that data, carry it here.
It would appear that the atomic arrays of these crystals store information. A remarkably efficient system.
Answers to what, Spock? Our dilemma -- or your <U>personal</U> one?
I am seeking answers, Captain.
Bridge, cancel rescue teams.  Spock, what in the hell are you doing out here!
I am uneasy with that being our only hope of more information.
Spock? Concerned about his chances?
Ilia's memory, her feelings of loyalty, friendship, obedience... might all be there.
... they may have followed it <U>too</U> precisely.
They had a pattern to follow...
I believe the light flares to be energy fields -- undoubtedly part of the vessel's inner mechanism. A technology so incredibly sophisticated that I cannot --
Have you been able to analyze <U>any</U> of this...?
Delay that order, Scotty...! Disengage all main drive systems!
We cannot break free, Captain.  We do not have a fraction of the power necessary.
Get someone up here to take the Navigator's station...!  Engineering... full emergency power!
Captain, we have been seized by a tractor beam...!
Transmit image of the Alien to Starfleet; advise we are attempting further communication.
That vessel is generating a forcefield measurably greater than the radiation of the Earth's sun.
Instruments fluctuating, Captain. Patterns unrecognizable.
No vessel could generate a powerfield of this magnitude...
Mr. Decker... ?
Recommend we proceede, Captain.
But they understood our messages; they broke off the attack.
We are obviously confronted by a highly advanced mentality... yet they cannot understand who we are, or what we want.
Our... 'insignificance'?
The 'puzzlement' I sensed was fleeting... minor...  ... as if carrying a sense of our insignificance, Captain.
Any reply from them?
It appears that our message has been understood, Captain.
Communicated with us <U>how</U>?
They have... they <U>have</U> been communicating with us. I sense ... <U>puzzlement</U>. Why have we not replied?
Mr. Decker, I will not provoke an attack, If that order isn't clear to you...
Captain, I suspect there's an object at the heart of that cloud.
Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un- known to me.
Do <U>not</U> return scan, Mr. Spock! It may be misinterpreted as hostility!
I know this has been painful, Spock. For me too. Thank you.
I have accepted service here as a Starfleet officer... sir.
Let it drop, Bones.  You are my Science Officer -- I'll expect an <U>immediate</U> report on anything further you learn or <U>sense</U> from here on.
... is my only hope of accomplishing what the Masters could not.
And whatever you sensed out here....
I still contain fragments of my human half.
That inquiry invades my personal life, Captain.
Also -- there was nothing in your report about <U>why</U> you're here.
Negative, Captain. I could sense only what seemed an almost omniscient pattern of perfect logic. I can explain nothing more; I understand nothing more.
You've reported that you felt strong thought emotions. A group of minds from a space vessel? Could you make out any plan, anything to do with Earth?
I want him here.  Sit down!
Sir, I would appreciate Dr. McCoy absenting himself from this interview.
Sit down, please.
Reporting as ordered, Captain.
I intend to be there following that meeting. Report to me. One hour!
To you, sir?
Twelve! I'm on my way to a meeting with Admiral Nogura which will not last more than three minutes. Report to me on the Enterprise in one hour.
Which will require twenty more hours at minimum, Admiral...
Here at Starfleet...? The Enterprise is in final preparation to leave dock...
Captain Decker requested I complete final Science briefing here before...
Why aren't you on board?
Based, I am told, on your recommendation, Admiral. Thank you.
You've received your appointment as Enterprise Science Officer?
Thank you, Scotty. Stand by.
We're ready, sir.
Engineering... Status, Mr. Scott?
Aye, we understand that sir! We're doing our best.
That object out there is less than two days from Earth, Mister Scott. We've got to intercept while it still is out there!
Captain, it was our anti-matter imbalance that created the wormhole in the first place. It will happen again if we don't correct it.
Warp Drive as soon as possible, Mr. Scott.
Engineer, we need Warp speed now!
Captain, we need further Warp simulation on the flow sensors...
Tractor beam remains constant...
Starfleet has been apprised of our situation, Captain.
<U>Urgent</U> signal from Starfleet, Captain!  <U>All</U> Earth defense systems have gone dead.
The third one is moving off too -- a fourth one is forming...
Confirm, Captain. Lunar beacons indicate Intruder on a course into Earth orbit...
Starfleet signals, sir, growing in strength...  They -- have Intruder on their monitors -- it's decelerating -- powerfield cloud beginning to dissipate...
Subspace frequencies are jammed by Wormhole effect!
Negative helm control, Captain! Going reverse on impulse power...!
Helm ready, sir.
Dock control reports ready, sir.
Dock signals clear, Captain.
Transporters Room and Chief Engineer Scott report trans- porter system fully repaired and now functioning normally, sir.
You bet your life.
Go you Huskies?
He'll eat potroast and like it.
He have any special dietary requirements...?
Sure plan to.
You bringing your new friend?
I'll be there.
Mom's expecting you for dinner tonight.
I'm goin off-shift.  Come on...I'll walk you home.
Then you'll be wet.
I'll walk you home, you can have my coat.
Nope.
Annie...got an umbrella...?
Cal...
Evening, Cal.  Would you tell me about it?
Evening, Annie.
I'll knit you a sweater.
If I go to jail...?
I'll wait for you...I'm proud of you. I'll <u>be</u> waiting.
I'm going to tell the truth.
What are you going to do?
...you think that's right...
I...I <u>think</u> that's right...
Carla was in the car, right?
They'll...they'll <u>blackball</u> me...
Maybe they'll be <u>other</u> movies.
But it'll stop the movie.
But that's what happened.
I can't do that.  If I tell them, they'll, if I <u>tell</u> them, they'll try Bob for rape, they'll...it'll ruin his career...
You got to tell em that you saw the accident.  Don't you?
What am I gonna do?
I saw...
What is it all about?
That's why we filmfolk get along so well with you farmers.  Both up with the chickens.
Lookit that, up already.
Well ain't you amazing.
Happen to know where there's one for sale.
Well, I could <u>get</u> a rolltop desk.
Not without a rolltop desk.
To print the newspaper.  And I'd come to <u>write</u>.  To write.  To write.  Right here in the office.
...the better to eat me with, your dear?
And come to the printshop.  You know <u>why</u>...?
...well, we do that <u>anyway</u>...
...and we could get up every morning...
Now you're talking...
We could live up here, live up in the country.
Yes...
I've been thinking: look at this: we live up here...
Oh yeah.
Yeah, you?
Sleep well?
Good morning.
People might be better off.  They thought about it, spent the evening back in the...
Pelting down out there.
What?
You know what else a man can do?
That's something a man could do...?
You'd do the newspaper right here.
Best way I know to get ink on your hands.
Did as of last week.
It does?
Press still works.
Start back up the Waterford Sentinel. Town newspaper.  Show you the plans...
What would you do with it, the printshop...
...what...?
Gosh, you look nice.
How's your star?
I'd love to.
Would you like to <u>see</u> it?  I've got the key back at my store...
Yep.  N'it's for sale.  One of the few things money can buy.
Is it...
Yessuh.  Joseph Knights printshop. Vacant for thirty years.
No.  You, I told them, you can't betray with the picture what you're saying with the words.  And, I don't know, the movies, I don't know.  They should be socially uplifting, why does she have to show her br...what is this...?
No, that's true.
...how <u>else</u> can you talk?
I didn't say anything special, I was just talking out loud.
I told them what you said about the script...
What?
Going home, yeah.  I told them what you said...
Going home.
Where you going?
Hi.
Hi.
...take <u>any</u> two people...
That's right...
That's...that's <u>exactly</u> what it's about. Take...
Because it's about <u>purity</u>...
Has been wounded by <u>her</u> heat...by her <u>infidelities</u>...
...yes.
...her unbridled sexuality.  That he...
...yes.
She <u>realizes</u> -- it was not the fire which <u>hurt</u> him...that the <u>true</u> hurt was her. Was her...
...he stuck a fishhook in it. 
I hurt you?
Ah.  Ah.  Ah...
How about, he sees her on the street, he wipes the soot from his eyes.  He goes up to her.  "What happened to the horse?" She looks at him.  She takes his hand...
<u>Please</u>...
What about...what about...it's so presumptuous of me, to be, to be telling <u>you</u> how to wr...
They meet on Main Street.  Her horse has just died.  He's coming from the fire.
What've you got?
It used to be the Old Mill.
What's the scene...
I can't get it to come out right.
Good morning to <u>you</u>...whatsa matter?
Go you Huskies!
Yes.
Time for a change.  Keep your margins straight.
Why?
Sure did.
You used to go out with him, you broke up with him?
I used to go out with a politician.
Do you truly believe the electoral process is absurd?
So is our electoral process.  But we still vote.
But it's absurd.
I do if you do.
You believe that?
Oh <u>okay</u>.
Because I'd met someone else.
You can do it.
No, I just broke up with him.  I'll see you tomorrow.
You, um, you, um, you going out with your fiance?
Then I'll come back, then.
Later on.
Oh.  That's alright.  Then I'll come back at a better time.  What would be a better time?
Start?  This isn't a good time.
...because if you don't, they die...
Why?
Don't you think you should put them in water?
Oh.
The other side.
"To the love of my life, Love, Doug"?
Read the card.
Thank you.
You going to ask me in?
Hi.
One moment.
It's for your finger.
I don't drink.
And here's some hydrogen peroxide.
Oh, God...
I'm gonna be your typist for this evening.
You have to sign for it.
Would you put on your cl...  Just leave it outside.
Would you go in...
"Room Service!"
Great.  Who is it...?
Better'n new, cause it's got a <u>story</u>. Want to do the other part?
Gonna' be good as new.
Better idea...
Fix my glasses.
Paperclip?
Me, too.  You have a paperclip?
Never saw the point of 'em.
You like kids?
You got a paperclip?
...lost the screw...
My glasses fell apart.  I lost the...
What are you doing down there?
What?
"Rise, one need not bend the knee before the throne of justice."
They're all preparing for the auditions - your movie.
Uh huh.
Cast stood me up.
What happened?
That's for sure.
Well, then, it don't look good for the Huskies...
Don't look good for "Trial of the Heart."
I thought you had Play Practice.
Hello.
...oh...oh.  Well.  That's very important.
Tonight, tonight, I...I have play practice...
Yes.
Me?
What are you <u>doing</u> tonight?
This is, look:  Go you Huskies.  ...what <u>I</u> see you saying, is:  you have the two elements, Fire and <u>Water</u>.  The Firehouse, and the <u>Old Mill</u>...Do you know, you could...
He doesn't go back to the <u>mill</u>, he gets a second chance to go back to the <u>firehouse</u>...
No, I don't...
Wait wait wait wait wait he gets a second chance, do you see?  And <u>you</u> get a second chance!
<u>How</u>...?
But but but but but it's better <u>without</u>...
I...
The <u>Firehouse</u>...
...the, the, the symbol of the fire...
That's why you didn't want to take the <u>Mill</u> out...you've...
About <u>conflict</u>...
<u>Yes</u>...
What I need to <u>say</u>...
Well, first, you got to change the title...
But how do I...how do I do a film called "The Old Mill," when I don't have an old mill?
You bet your life.  "The mill wheel goes around...some times it's even under water -- then it rises up, as high as it can go..."
I <u>can</u>?
It's in your script...it's about getting a second chance.  Innit?  "You <u>can</u> go back..."
How can you <u>say</u> that?
You'd know better'n me.
In fact, in fact, in fact, I'm not sure if I'm giving <u>them</u> a second chance, or they're giving it to me.  That's the truth.  The truth's best, don't you think?
I love your script.
I...I decided to give it another chhh...
You're still here.
They decided, I decided to, to...You love what?
What are you doing?  I love your script.
Hi.
Mister White is...
Well, I guess I'll...get down to the station.  It was lovely meeting...
...who...?
...that.
Yes...
Cause, cause, it's...it's the <u>simple</u> things, that...
Mmm.
...such a pleasant sound.
...I always thought so...
...that's what the swing is <u>there</u> for...thats its <u>purpose</u>, <u>isn't</u> it...
That's what the swing is <u>there</u> for...
I don't mean to impose, but...do you think we might...
Surest thing you know.
Really.  With the porch swing and everything...
I live there.
For example, he's just come back from a <u>fire</u> and he...um...  That's a fine house.  You look at that, and you know, there's nice people that live there.
Everyday things...yes.
The, the, the, the <u>sanctity</u> of everyday things...
That whole...
No, no.  Of course, that's <u>exactly</u> what it represents...
So that the Old Mill, the Old <u>Mill</u> represents...the wheel of fate is that too...
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
And likewise.
Well.  It was a pleasure meeting you.
And you're the only one who'll ever hear that speech.  Just you.
That's that's that's that's beautiful...
...that it has been vouchsafed to him.
Of course.
Of course, of course that's what I'm <u>saying</u>.  As the Old Mill goes around, he <u>sees</u>...
As the Old Mill goes around...
...that...he <u>sees</u> that...
I understand...
Of <u>mercy</u>...off...
Yes...
That: in an act of...
No, no, I see...
But, but but but...
Yes...
That, he says, there <u>are</u> no second chances...that he's been presented what he <u>prayed</u> for...and: he's ruined it.
Yes.
...that...that he <u>prayed</u> for a second chance.  But...do you see?
Central High, 'n' matinees, the Bijou Theatre.
That's true.  You grow up here?
You get what you pay for.
It was either that, or a sardine.
But why the dalmation?
First organized fire department was on the border of Dalmatia and Sardinia in the year 642.
Ever wonder why the dalmation's the symbol of the firehouse?
It's...
No, of course, you want to get out of town.
I...
It's about a man who gets a second chance.
No, of course, you don't want to talk about it.
N'about ten minutes.  What was your movie about?
Could you tell me when's the next train?
It's about life.
Why?
Yes.
You like my play.
It's in your play.
That's good.  That's really good.  You have a gift for words.
Well.  Everybody has reversals.  If you were never down how would you know when you were up?
I just got kicked off my first movie.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Actually, I'm not sure if I quit.  I think that I got fired.  I'm such a liar. I never could tell the truth.
Why did you quit?
I quit the movie.
You quit.
I quit.
I beg your pardon?
So young, so unlined, so full of promise.  So innocent.
"Anguish."
What's it called?
You haven't heard of it.
You wrote a play on it, what play is that?
Other one has history, too.  I wrote my play on it.
You buy the typewriter, I'll get it all spruced up, good as new.  Better than new.  It has some history.
Well, it had sentimental value.
That's why they have state borders... whyn't you get a replacement?
The people in New Hampshire.
Who?
I have one, but they lost it.
Why don't you buy it, only forty bucks.
I want to rent this one.
We got em.  North...No, Henry James was the novelist, Frank James was a criminal...  Yep, you came to the right place.  Jessie James was the <u>Brother</u>.  Of the novelist, that's right.  That's alright Susie.  See you tomorrow, Susie.
I need a typewritter.
Northern Books.  What can I do for you?
Everybody makes their own fun.  F'you don't make it yourself, it ain't fun, it's entertainment.
...small town.  I suppose.  You have to make your own fun.
Local Drama Group.  Northern Books.  No, it hasn't come in yet.  As soon as it does.  Yup, you too Marge.
You're doing a <u>Play</u>...
Why, you <u>whore</u>!
I'm sorry.
No.  Don't tell me that.
He works on the movie.
Who is this person that you've found?
I'm sorry.
Let me review here: You're...what are you...you've...it's all over between us?
It's all over between us.  I've found someone else.
Wai...It's so serious you couldn't call to tell me you'd be...what...?  What did you say...?
It's all over between us, Doug, I'm sorry, but that's the truth.  I've found someone else, and, it's very serious and it's the end.  I'm sorry.  It isn't <u>you</u>, j...
Oh.  What were you doing, then, that's so important that you shouldn't call your fian...
I wasn't doing business.
Well, I <u>know</u>, because they <u>told</u> me you were with that writer from the, you see, this is what I mean, the whole <u>town</u> has been warped by the, by, by the presence of the movie company, they holler, and we jump, you have a <u>date</u>, they call, you're doing business nine o'clock at night.  It isn't...
I have to tell you something...
Where have you been, we had a date for <u>three</u>...where have you <u>been</u>...?
I've been thinking.
Where have you been...
We did...?
We had a date.
Hi!
Sure, but...ten thousand dollars.  Do you know what they...this movie is budgeted at fifty <u>million</u> dol...they're coming up here, offer us a measl...
"The mill grinds the grain, but the grain is not destroyed.  <u>Although</u> it is altered..."
I beg your pardon?
That's so beautiful...
Ten thousand dollars.
What are they offering?
Look at this.  Do you know what they're offering?  Look at this.  They treat us like we're their backyard.  Do you know what they're offering for three days to close down Main Street?
Yes, that's right.
What, what what are you doing here?
Doug, this is Joe White, and this is, this, this is my fiance, Doug Mac...
Waal, <u>there</u> you are, and Have I Got Some News for <u>You</u>...
That's right...
What is it, a surprise?
And I might have something important to tell you...
Go you Huskies...
Tuesdays and Thursdays.  But after Play Practice, I'm yours.
Drama Group?
After Drama Group.
We on for tomorrow night?
Waal, that's what I'm saying.
Water or mineral deposits.
Annie:  you stick to the Amateur Theatricals.  This isn't quite the same thing, you see?  This is Big Business, in which, our Life...  ...s'no less a <u>commodity</u> than...than our...
What I am <u>saying</u>, is, we have to Look Out For Our Own...Now:  they want to close down Main Street...
Well, I for one, am glad of a little diversion and I'm glad they're here...
...I'm sure that people are upset...
S'Okay, Maude.  You know your lines...?
Morning.
Morning, darling.
I'm glad you asked...I'll <u>tell</u> you what was wrong with it.  And what was wrong with it was it was behind the times. Now:  You want to bring <u>business</u> into this town?  You have to plan for a Waterford that Does Not Exist.  Not at the moment, <u>no</u>...
What're you doing here...?
Well, then, what's he doing here?
Yes, Maude, it is.  It is a <u>very</u> good play.
That a fact.  Now, is it a good play?
Maude, this <u>man</u> wrote this <u>play</u>!
We'll work it out...
I know em, I don't know what order they come in...
That's what they call an events cluster. Some guy, nobby orders a Manhattan, fifteen, twenty years, allasudden, three times inna night.
Cluster of events.  Don't see something, ten years, allasudden.  Three times inna night.
Hope to tell you.  Didn't I pick the fragments of glass out of Bob Barrenger's actual head myself.
Big day last night.
Well, they don't always leave with the ones they came in with.
He had a hard day.  Ann's deserted him for some guy on the movie.
You doin' here, Doug, thought you started out the day with that pernicious <u>caffeine</u>...
Mornin', Doc...
Hold court, they have to, science lab, the high school.
Well, where do they hold court?
Ain't got no courthouse.  Courthouse burnt down, 1960.
What?
Town ain't got no courthouse.
Courthouse back in town.
What courthouse?
They know what her tits look like.
It'll hurt the box office.
It's what you give to your secretary instead of a raise.
What's an Associate Producer credit?
Uh -- why did we have to leave New Hampshire?
They're holding it for ransom.
Can't...can't you build the Old Mill?
<u>Wonderful</u> scr...
Hi.
But, does it have to be an Old Mill?
And I need a drink.
Marty, it's Howie Gold on the coast, he needs your confirmation on a request for money...?
Whatever it is.  GO <u>do</u> it.  How you doing on the permit?
Rewrites that Bob Barrenger requested... the "dead horse scene," the...
I'm somewhere in the, I'm on location, eh:  This...well I'm going to solve it here, or this <u>Bimbo</u> you sent me's going to be doing a fuckin' <u>donkey</u> act in Akron, I'm talking about Restraint of Trade, Breach of...IT'S VERY SIMPLE...!
Wat...
Mitch, th'Marty Rossen, I'm here in...
He's on the ph...
Tell the guy, get me the horse, I'll give him an Associate Producer credit.
This horse is booked.
What is that in fingers...?  Just kidding, get me this horse.
Fifteen hands.
How big is this horse?
On the coast?  Of <u>course</u> he's on the coast, where's he gonna be, the <u>Hague</u>...
It's Marty on the Coast -
Well, get him something else and let's get out of here in one piece.  Get him a half of a 28-year old girl.
Fourteen year old girls.
Now: I'm looking at the...
...they run on water.
Because, because...we don't <u>have</u> to build an Old Mill -- they <u>have</u> an Old Mill -- <u>yeah</u>.  It's on a stream -- that's where you <u>put</u> a mill.
Waterford, Vermont.  Where is it?  <u>That's</u> where it is...
I will.
...you got to get me that street for nothing...
Waterford, Vermont.
What, what, what, what do they got that can pass for the Old Mill...
...why am I here...?
I'm bleeding, Bill, I'm <u>bleeding</u>...
Yeah, but they never made a movie here.
You told me that about the <u>last</u> town.
A jacket for five dollars...I can buy this town for fifty bucks.
Town in New Hampshire was small town America too.  Forty thousand dollars a day, to shoot on the street.  And <u>then</u> they kicked us out...
<u>This</u> is your movie, this is small town America.
That Could Be.
They think it's your First Wife...
You know who the <u>father</u> is...?
That's right.
Hey, Tommy.  Heard your wife's having a baby.
Have you got the new pages on the Old Mill?  Hey, Bob.
Nothing happened.
Bobby, don't say anything.
I <u>know</u> my lines...
Whyn't you learn your lines?
What'll I do for fun?
Stay ready.  Stay by yourself in your room.
And a <u>fantasy</u> object...
I never touched her.  My mother's gr...
...overcome by the events around her, the presence of a high-powered...
...I was just talking to that girl in the other room.
...upset and impressionable...  Get me the Mayor...
Nobody knows it but us.  Alright?  It says <u>here</u>...  Are we together on this?  Because it's sink or swim here, pals...
She wasn't in the...
Then she wasn't in the car.  <u>Say</u> it.
Look:  Okay.  Okay.  Look:  look you're driving, countryside, so on, you picked her up, she was hitch...
Uh, <u>look</u>....
Okay, look, you, what is she, 19, twenty...oh Christ...
Sister, I've just come from a <u>fire</u>...
We missed you in Church today, Frank.
Mornin, sister.
I'm having dinner with W...
That makes a <u>lot</u> of sense, Claire, that makes a lot of...list...listen, cause the audience isn't <u>coming</u> to see your breasts.  They are coming to see you <u>act</u>. What are you doing this evening...?
It's...
Isn't he...
I loved it...he...
How'd you like working with Richard Hill?
No, I was, I was, I was just <u>learning</u> on, it's a...
I saw Desert Sun, I wanna tell you...
I swear that that woman in my room...
Her...
You got to get out of here...
I...
Are you all right...?
...not if you've got something to hold on to.
...wouldn't that be dangerous?
You want to see it better, we could go out on the roof.
Nice town that you've got here.
I wouldn't tell anyone anything that happened between me and somebody who was my friend.
Then I hope you wouldn't tell anyone that I gave you this.

How old are you?
Bourbon and Milk.
What do you drink?
Sure, what have you got?
Well, I can offer you something to drink?
I don't eat vegetables.
Well, I'm pretty impolite.  Would you like some?
But, that's the way of the world, huh? Everybody's gotta eat.  Way of the world.
The prices are going up.
I just don't know what <u>order</u> they come in...
You do...?
I'm ready!
Can we try to keep our pants buttoned and get out of this town in one piece?
How could she turn on me like that?  I thought she liked me.
If your memory was as long as your dick, you'd be in good shape.  How long since you almost went to jail for this shit?
You mind...?
We're going to discuss the scr...you wanna come along...?
We <u>don't</u> show her breasts, we just show your <u>reaction</u>...
I've always seen that.
So you see what I'm <u>saying</u>...the movie is about <u>purity</u>...
Just him and me.
Joe, the writer?
No, I...just...just Joe, just Joe...
Everybody needs a hob...
<u>Bobby</u>...
Well, yeah, I'm fine, I reached over to, the girl had to be home, I don't know, it's a <u>schoolnight</u>, something...
Are you Okay?
Everybody needs a hobby.  Okay, look Page...
And you go start with <u>that</u> stuff in <u>this</u> town...
No, you're absolutely r...
Bob, Bob, stick to the business, will you?
Alright.  Let's...  Page five, the fucking <u>horse</u> dies.  You know, <u>she</u> could be in the movie, she could, she's got a good face, she could be the Doctor's...uh, why does it have to be his, uh, <u>wife</u>...?  It could be his...
You can go...
You don't need "Hi I've just come from the restaurant."
Hold on: what Bob is saying, you don't need...
What I...
What...
She's a <u>waitress</u>.
She's a...
You look at:  girl comes in the room, an <u>apron</u>, a brown <u>bag</u>, what is she...? She's a...
We've got three days to...
Tell it with pictures.  What I'm saying...
Tell it with <u>pictures</u>.
Tell it with...
He's saying, what are you saying, Bobby?
The people came to see a motion <u>Picture</u>.  ...hold on...
Thanks, honey, but, next time, bring two, save yourself a trip.
I mean, okay, fine, but it's a motion <u>Picture</u>.
Page...<u>three</u>.  Now:  "It's a nice evening."  I'm not gonna say that... "It's a nice..."
What else?
If there's anything I...
Well, Officer, don't worry ab...
It's a formality.  Any case of damage to city prop...you hit the control box of the new stop light, and...  They'll, uh, these things <u>happen</u>, I hope you're alright, and that you're feeling...
You have to what?
...I have to give you this <u>ticket</u> for damage to city property.  I'm really sorry, Sir, it's a formality, I hope you'll excuse...
I'm an attorney, if there's anything you have to say to...
Well, now, Mr. Barrenger, I'm very sorry, in fact, I'm as sorry as I could be, <u>but</u>...
Could I see it please...?
Of course he...
I have to ask you these...um.  You have a valid drivers license...?
Well.  What seems to be the...?
I'm very sorry to...
Mr. Barrenger.
You guys had better leave us a...
No, wait a, wait a, wait a...we can't put her in the car, she gets it in her head to sue, or rape, or some goddam, she wasn't in...
Is Mr. Barrenger there...?
Mr. Bailey.
What's his name?
The Mayor's outside.
Izzat so?
There's other things to be learned.
Aren't you ever in school?
Scene <u>twelve</u>...arrival at the mill.
It's night.
I've got scene <u>twelve</u>...  Shouldn't you be in school...?
We know that you weren't.
I wasn't in the car.
It's a mistake.  It's all over.  I'm sorry that we've inconvenienced you.
Then what is the...?
No.
Well, what's the beef?
Nobody.
Who is it raped you?
Nobody touched me, I was at home.
I, uh...  Um...
I think he's moved...
I, well, you know, I tried to take him, in his room.
Thank you.
And I have Mr. Barrenger's Tuna B...
Cool it, Babe, you started this...
You have no right to...
Well, I'm going to discuss 'em between you babe, cause it's your idea, and you think you're going to sign to do a, then hold us up in the <u>wilds</u> sweetheart, you are in <u>error</u>...
I really think that <u>business</u>...matters should be discussed between you t...
I want you to hear this.
Get him on the...
He's on the Island, he'll be back on...
Get him on the phone.
Who is her agent...?
I think I should talk to my agent, Marty, you and I should, we should, really not discuss...
I want to tell you something, Wally, he's a pussycat.  <u>My</u> thing is to see everybody does what they said they would and I have to do that.  Now:  what is this you want <u>Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars</u> to do what you're being paid to, you already <u>signed</u> you'd do...?  What is that?
I told her Thank You Very Much, but it was inconvenient because...uh... because...
...we had a script conference...
She came in here, wait, she...I was giving her a massage...wait...Wait!  She came in here...she...  ...with respect...she took off her clothes, and she got in <u>bed</u>, I told her I could not--we don't know each other, you see...
Hi.  I hope I'm not disturbing...
I...
Will you help me out...?
Oh.
That's my...
Who is that...?
You have to hide.
Look, look there's someone else...
But we...
But not that <u>way</u>...
I like you, too.
Look, look, I like you <u>very much</u>...
I feel so <u>close</u> to you...
Look.
<u>You</u> know...Where's your bathroom?
Why?
I love Jewish men.
I, actually yes.
Matzoh!  Are you Jewish?
I'm not a <u>child</u>... I have <u>feelings</u>... Don't you...don't, don't...don't...
She's absolutely r...
You can't treat me like this.  I'm not a child!
Marty...
No, are you kidding me, Bob, not at all.
Well, Joe said it, and he's right.
I'm so comfortable with that, Walt, I can't <u>tell</u> you...
Bob are you alright...?
...he's right here, Mr. Mayor...
Hello.
I'm sorry Walt -- it's gone beyond that.
Claire:  As an interpretive artist to a creative artist:  Stay with me.  I need you.  We start to shoot tomorrow and then it belongs to <u>us</u>.  Stay.  Stay.  Tonight...when...  When they've gone.  Let's talk.  Let's <u>really</u> talk.  We could, we'll have <u>dinner</u>, we'll...a bottle of some bad red wine, we'll get spaghetti, and we'll...
He treated me as if I were a child...
...I know, I'm so...because I said: yes, a woman who...the...the community <u>respects</u> her.  Please don't go.  Please don't go.  What can I do but beseech you...?  Trauma, <u>toil</u>...when are we free of them...?  When...?
...she has a <u>home</u>...
...yes...
...she works with <u>animals</u>, she...
I know...
The minute I read that script I said...
I know what you are, I am <u>so</u> sorry that you...when I read that script I said there's only one person to play that part.
I'm only trying to...
An artist of your caliber...
I...
I, uh...  I've always thought so...  Well, you just get an idea, and try to find the best way to express it in pictorial form.  I've written a letter to the studio and to SAG protesting...  Bill: get a copy of that letter...!  I just wanted to tell you that I am <u>past</u> chagrined, I'm <u>mortified</u> at the way you were spoken to...
What?  I have a five-o'clock plane to catch.
Not now, I'm talking to the press. Claire!
...and my heart goes out to you, because I know...
We, we have to give it.
And you know what...?
Yes.
...wants a piece...
...yes...
I know, it's the hardest thing in the world, and it seems everybody wants...
I know, I know.
Wally...
No, she didn't Claire.  But I think you should do the scene.
...and, and, and did she...?  And she did the seven shows...
...I know...I know...
Because he understood.  That was her life's blood on the stage.
...I...
Nothing.  He held her and he wept. Because he...
What?
Listen to me:  Elanora <u>Duse</u> was playing Hamlet in London in 1905, and Royalty could not get a ticket.  She said, "I'm not doing the seven shows a week I signed for."  She said, "I cannot bare my soul seven times a week.  I am an artist. I'll do four shows a week."  The greatest actress of her time.  You know what her Producer said?
...I can't do it, Wally...
Who are these from?
I...I...
Fuck flowers, we aren't talking about flowers, we're talking about a human being.
Now, look.  Claire:  Listen to me.  I want to tell you a story.
...they treat me like a <u>child</u>.  I, I...to bare my <u>body</u>.
...<u>no</u>, they don't...
Everybody, they, they, they treat me like a...
I know that, Claire.  I, we <u>all</u> know...
Is...Is the Movie!
I know that...
I don't want to take my shirt off in that con...What are these things that they're asking of me...?  Wha...wha...wha... I try to be good; the only thing I care about is...
<u>Forget</u> the contract.  Claire.  What is it?
It isn't <u>right</u>.  I can't...I...I know I si...I, they, I don't know if they told me it was in the con...
You can't do what?
I can't do it, Walt.
What...?
Yeah.  Joe?  Would you, uh, tell Claire the, uh, the "thoughts" you've been...
"...but still it rises up...It rises up, Frank, high as it can go."
Yes, yes, but...
This scene is why I'm doing the movie. "Look at the mill, Frank -- look at the way it goes around...<u>half</u> of the time the darned wheel's under water, but..."
Yeah.
How many times in your <u>life</u> do you get a speech like that?
Yes, but, Joe, <u>Joe's</u> been, well, he's just been having a few, uh, "Thoughts," about...
What, what's there to <u>think</u> about?  The scene's perfect...I, I get to say...
How can I thank you?  How can I repay you for this part?  It's a...what a, thank you for this part.  The first scene at the Old Mill...
This is Joe White.
No, no...Please.
Don't let me dis...I'll just...
We're just talking about the...
Claire, Bob Bar...
I just...
Claire, when did you...
Put something in his room.  What does he like?
He's staying here?  Bob Barrenger is staying he...?
That's cor...
Bob Barrenger...Bob...Bob Barrenger's in this movie?
Somebody make a note.  I want Li..., for the broad...what does she like?  Lilacs. Okay.  A truck of lilacs when the broad comes.  And get something for Bob Barrenger, get him, what does he like...?
I'll put the, in your r...
"Bring it in on time and there's more where these came from.  Marty.  P.S. I want to talk to you about a product tie- in..."
Her religion bars her from fulfilling her contr...
-- she's got 'religion.'
She Doesn't Want to Bare Her Breasts...what, in the "Nude Scene...?" What are we paying her three mil?
She doesn't want to Bare Her Breasts.
Find out when Marty Rossen's arriving, get him a bunch of lilacs to send to the broad.
She won't stop crying...
Why not?
I can't tell.
Oh, really, then why don't you sue me in the World Court.  Did she like the costumes?
That isn't very nice.
Did she throw up?
Yes.
You show Claire these sketches?
<u>Did</u> I?  I think you're mistaken.
You said <u>three</u>...?
Uh.  Bob Barrenger, fella, <u>Cameraman</u>...
Who got their heads cut?
What?
Well.
Kiss my ass.
Mornin, Chessy...how's the back...?
...I just swore my life away, back in that...
Nope.  I'm just supposed to hold people's hands, while they die.  What'd you say your problem was...
Aren't you supposed to set an example for people...?
It's the truth that you should never trust anybody, wears a bowtie.  Cravat's sposed to point down to accentuate the <u>genitals</u>, why'd you wanna trust somebody, s'tie points out to accentuate his <u>ears</u>...?
I perjured myself.  I told a lie, and I ruined my life. That's what I did...  I don't suppose you could help me with <u>that</u>, could you?  Turn back the <u>clock</u>, or something?  Give me back my, give me back my <u>purity</u>, I don't suppose you could just wave your magic wand and do that, could you...?  But what <u>is</u> truth? Eh?  In't that the thing?  What <u>is</u> true?
Why?
I, uh...I'm leaving.
Where you off to?
Now:  the Waterford Merchant's Association, of who I am Council...
Doug...
I want you to hear this, pal...  Forget the overages, <u>forget</u> Ten Thousand Dollars for three days to two weeks.  You know what it would cost for them to <u>build</u> this set?  Two Million Dollars!  Now:
...he's the producer of the movie.
Doug, this is Mr...
I have to talk to you.
<u>Fuck</u> the traffic light.  I'm talking about three percent of the adjusted gross of a Major Motion Picture...
Doug, the traffic light...
Main Street.
...little woman has gone crazy about our dinner party...City Council...?  What's the trouble...?
Gut Yuntif.
And what was it you wanted to say?
Eight hundred thousand dollars in cash.
What's in the case?
...you know, there's nothing you could say, that could <u>possibly</u> make a difference, so, why don't you just save your breath.
I...
I'd prefer it if you didn't speak to me.
Hi.
Okay...
Later for you, pal.
Oh, you're his attorney, too...?
I want to talk to him.  Would you ex...
He didn't have to tell...
He told you that...
And I've got a witness!  Your Mr. White saw the crime.
You've got nothing, you don't have a witness...
Moral turp...you're on my home court, friend, I have the Mayor and the town behind me, and forget making your movie: I may own the studio when I get through with you: I got a civil suit, I got rape, I got collusion...
...a history of <u>nothing</u>, he was acquitted...
Well you guess what.  The Mayor sent me. I have your Mr. Barrenger with a history of...
You were in the car with Bob?
She was in the car with Bob Barrenger last night.  And she was injured coming home from a love tryst, so...
This young woman.
Conspiracy in Statutory Rape?  Okay.  Of whom?
Arrest him.
What is the...?
Arrest him.
You bet he did.
He saw the girl in the car...
Sure.
He saw the accident...?
The writer.
Who's White...?
You mean you need a witness in addition to White...?
What?
You mean <u>with White</u>...?
You know, the rape, to...even to the accident...
A witness to what...?
I had a witness I would.
You should.
Half a buck I'd put him in jail...
He should be put in jail.
Half a buck I'd close it down...it's per...you know, it's perfidy, you got your Barrenger, molesting little girls...
My wife just went into labor...
Hey, you've gotta eat a peck of dirt...
Yes.
Could you tell me where a fellow goes to get a drink in this town?
No.  No, but we're planning to.
Mmmm.  You have children?
How about that.
My wife's going to have a baby.
What the hell are <u>you</u> so down about?
I'm looking for the writer.
I...
You what...?  Is that on the callsheet, is that on the callsheet, or is that <u>personal business</u>?  Ah, Christ. <u>Marty</u>...Are we <u>paying</u> you?
My <u>wife's having a baby</u>...
Some, you were, you were going to make a reservation for us?  Where's my schedule? Where are we <u>booked</u> tonight?
I...?
Did you, where are we going tonight...?
I'm trying, honey...I'm...look, is your Ma, when is your <u>Mom</u> coming?  Oh.  What did the <u>midwife</u>...?
Oh, that's <u>great</u>.  Let's bring more people into this overcrowded world.
My wife is going to have a baby, and...
Not now.
I have to talk to you.  My wife...
...totally false...<u>totally</u> false.  He is the, I would say the most responsible human being I have ever...
I can't find the writer.
...the finest people you could ever hope to work with...  You have the new Old Mill pages?
You're very sorry, you passive aggressive, son-of-a-bitch...can we replace him?
I'm very sorry I...
We're very upset with her.  Get someone to <u>double for her</u>, her tits, the tits scene, call L.A.  I want to see some <u>pictures</u> of the women's <u>tits</u>.  Of their <u>tits</u>.
I...
Get Mitch Cohn on the phone in New York, tell him she's breaking her contract and we're very up...
I...
I don't know what she's bitching about, she's flashed her tits in the last five movies...she'd bare her breasts to do a <u>voice</u> over.
That, that's <u>your</u> life's blood on the st...
You go in her room, take the lilacs from the water, dry them.  Go buy some cellophane, wrap em up, and get a card from <u>Marty</u>.  What's her problem?
Town's out of lilacs.
"Suspicions of arson, these fires, believed set by a disturbed Teenager, were, in fact, the inspiration for the formation of..."
You told me they had an Old Mill here..
It burnt down.
I just saw the Mayor, he said anything we...
We can't shoot in the Old Mill.
Wait a sec, Marty.  Call us back.  Two minutes.
We can't shoot in the Old Mill.
I don't need a cause, just a lawyer.
For what cause?
And my company sues your ass for sixty million dollars.
So be it.
Then you're finished in show business.
The girl was in the car.
...that's just so <u>narrow</u>...
I have to tell the truth.
No, what is it?
It's not <u>you</u>, it's...
I treated you like a son or nephew.
The girl was in the car.
I don't getcha.
I'm out.
Thank God, it's up to you, Pal.  Sup to you...
To the contrary.  I want you to tell the truth.  The truth is, you can't tell me, to a certainty, that you saw the thing.  You don't remember, a gun to your head, which glasses you have on.  And you have a fertile imagination.  Imagination wants to fill in the blanks.  Now.  If you aren't <u>sure</u>, then they have nothing.  Bob walks free.  As he should.  Joe:  wasn't long ago they buried actors at the crossroads with a stake through their heart.  You know?  The people who are talking to you about the way we live though we may praise them, we fear them. And they fear us.  Because we tell the truth.  About our lives.  Now, this is a damn roust, and everyone knows it; the guy is looking for a case, he wants to make a name for himself.  If we let him do that, if we let him do that, then we're being false to our community...to our community, you understand...?  To our world.  Cause you are a part of that world, now.  You have to take off the Steel Rolex and put on the Gold Rolex.  And be part of your world.  I got a five picture deal with the studio.  And you stick with me.  You write one, two more, you stick with me, and you'll <u>direct</u> the third one.  You are a part of this world. It's in your blood.  It's you.  You have to do the right thing:  we're out in the Provinces, the Sheriff, <u>literally</u> is at our door.  You have to stand with the troops, Joe.  That's the bottom line. You <u>have</u> to...if you had the leisure to think it through, you'd see it for yourself.  The girl wasn't in the car.
You want me to lie.
Let's speak English.  You've got to help the side.
He's got a date, he's got a date, is this guy fantastic...?  Already he learned how to write a movie, and he found a girl to get his toes curled, what a guy, what a...what a literary find...!
I've got a date.
I know you are.  Go you Huskies.
I'm gonna nail it.
Know?  They could draw them from memory. You're fantastic.  What a find you are. Get outta here.  We need the Dead Horse Scene.
...she keeps her back to the camera...?
The movie's about <u>purity</u>.  So we don't <u>show</u> her breasts.  We show them to <u>him</u>, her back to the camera.
Get a typist.  Gettim a typist.  Get outta here.
I hurt my finger.
Why?
Why?
I can't.
Where have you been...?
What's the...
Did my matzohs come?  Get some for everybody.  Thank you.  Lemme tell you about my first movie...
I don't drink.
Grace, get on the other phone, call that girl: well, call her, and have whatsername send up some <u>nosh</u>...what do you like to drink...?
Um, no.
Hey, it's with the Gods.  We don't have the money, we have to write it out.  The best or not.  And that's a lesson.  You get your typewriter yet...?
And maybe it will be a better movie without the old mill, I...
I know you do.
I want to make a good film.
Then, you <u>write</u> that.  And then this is <u>our</u> second chance.  That's why we're here...
It's about a man who gets a second chance.
I grew up on your mov...
Hey, Joe...Good.  You know B...
Grace.  Get Mr. White a manual typewriter.  It's not a lie, it's a gift for fiction. And somebody find me my lucky pillow.
That's a real <u>fault</u>, I...
Grace...
Well, you know, you know, that's a lie, I, I...
I know the feeling.
I can only write on a manual.
Grace: get Mr. White a typewriter.
I can't write it.  I lost my typewriter.
Halo?  <u>Marty</u>?  What would they have used instead of an old mill?  We need it tonight.  Marty?  Yeah you were saying...?
You built an Old Mill in New Hampshire...
We're out of money.
You know, they told me there were gonna be some jokes.  Kid the New Guy...
We can't shoot the Old Mill.
I was in New Hampshire.  I was at the Old Location.
Does it have to be an Old Mill?  Where have you been?
You told me you were writing.  Don't you wear your reading glasses to write...?
I...
What glasses were you wearing?  Were you wearing your reading glasses...?
I was walking down the street...I remember, I was writing a...
You were there.  At...at 10:35...?
I...?  I saw it.  I was there.
You didn't see it...
I don't...
Well, then, you didn't see it, right...?
I don't know.
How do you know you saw it?
I didn't say anything to them.
What did you say to them...?
No.
How do they know that, you told them?
The breasts symbolize motherhood...
She doesn't show her tits!!!  She doesn't show her tits.  The breasts symbolize motherhood, the audience...
I can write it.  I can't type it.
You can't write it?
He says they're looking for you all day, you're on <u>salary</u>, he needs <u>pages</u>, what are you, you been 'haying?'  Now:
I...
Well, you call him, and call me back, but this is it, pal, you <u>fuck</u> with me, and I'm going to tear out your heart and piss on your lungs through the hole in your <u>chest</u>.   And the best to Marion...  Where have <u>you</u> been?
...would you excuse me, please...
I really don't think you should be talking this way to a lady.
<u>Siddown</u>!
Her tits!  Her tits!  How, that she signed IN HER CONTRACT, we hired her 'cause of ten years at the Actors Studio? The way she played <u>Medea</u>?...Her last two pictures laid there on the screen like my first <u>wife</u>...
Hi!
I'm...Tuesday evening we're having an informal dinner, I didn't know you'd be 'on set,' but if you'd like to join your...
My oh my.
A spate of suspicious fires which were in fact the inspiration for the formation of the Waterford Huskies...
It's lovely.
...the house, the 1835.  The original <u>kitchen</u>, of course, burned in 1960, as part of a spate of fires...
What is that...?
You tell me what to do, I'll do it.
Do something.
Is he cool or angry?
Yes?  Hello, Mr. Mayor.  Nothing, just an, an unfortunate...  It's the Mayor, he's saying...
Here it is: Statutory r...Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah..."statutory"..."unsupported testimony by the..."  Hold on, Bobby...  You've got nothing, and you know it.  By God, you know it.  Harassment.  You need a...Even if this was true, you need a witness.  You need someone puts her in the car, and you've got nothing.  Now we all have...yes, give her that part in the film.  Yes, we'd love to have you...Now: we all have more important things to do, isn't that right...?
That we could use you in and I think that's quite a fine trade-off all around and an ill wind that blows somebody good.
Mmm.
Look, Carla.  This is a hard time for you.  Many young people go to Hollywood. I did...And we all dream of it, and here, here Hollywood has come to you...
Wally...?
Would you, tell the guy, get the A.D., someone, somewhere where we can <u>get</u> <u>away</u>, something, I want, you know, last day before the shooting, get away, forget it, have some local food.  You want...
Yeah?
No, just the...there's no witnesses, right...?
There's no witnesses...
She wasn't in...you were al...
We got to do something nice for <u>him</u>.
He's got a gift for fiction.
He just saved us eight hundred thousand bucks.
Is that one hell of a kid?
We got the permit.
Gimme Howie Gold.  Howie?  Thizz...I neee...I NEED EIGHT HUNDRED GRAND.  I...I don't care where it comes from...  It comes out of our end.  I...I need...JUST GET ME THE MONEY. I...JUST GET ME THE GODDAMN MONEY...Look:
NO NO NO NO NO, PAY HER OFF.  DID YOU HEAR ME?
Actually, the art department had some ideas on...
I CAN'T PUT A COMPUTER IN A MOVIE SHOT IN 1895...you wanna tell me how I'm gonna' do that?
"Bazoomer <u>dot</u> com."
IT'S A COMPUTER COMANY...IT'S A COMPUTER COMPANY, <u>BAZOOMER</u>-<u>COM</u>?
If you do the product placement...
<u>Find</u> it.
We don't have the money.
Pay her off.
She wants eight hundred thousand dollars to show her tits.
Well, I've enjoyed it, too.  Any... any...<u>any</u> time...  What does the woman want from life...?
No no no no no no no no no find me the money...
I got a company...give us a million dollars, put their product in the film.
Find the money.
I don't got the money.
<u>Pay</u> her.
Eight hundred grand to show her tits...
That's why I <u>want</u> it.  Type it up and get it back to me in...
It's just a formality.
Later for that, Walt, let's get this:  we need the "pages" for the new "Old Mill"...alright?  We need a new title, we need a...
Marty...
Like dykes and dogs.
How are you getting on with these fine people?
That's what I said.
<u>Stop</u>...
55 days and I take home the camera. I got an idea for a <u>product</u> placement...
I'm gonna' bring it off.
My undies, cause, you can't get this picture off on time I'm gonna' wet myself.
What's in all the bags?
They're coming Fedex...
Did you bring Bob's weights?
We're flying over pigs, we're flying over <u>sheep</u>...
How was your flight?
What'd you do, <u>build</u> this...?
Oh yeah, I'm really gonna eat carbohydrates...
That's thoughtful.  Ziz good, you try this?
I left that for you.
You cool the broad out?
Sherry, Sherry...
I want them thrown in jail.
I signed the permit.  I don't know how I can.
Don't you <u>touch</u> that...I want them gone.
I am so glad to meet you.  We are so glad to <u>have</u> you here, and <u>welcome</u> you to our...I, you know, they had c...I'm, <u>yearly</u> I redecorate our, to restore it to the, 1835...
Dear, this is Mr. Rossen, he is the producer...
I've got two days to get this house...
Sherry, this...
Where the hell have you been...?  It's...
Waal, then, you know, you do whatever would make you happy.  Sher.  This is your party, and whatever...
I don't want to invite someone else, because this is the <u>most</u> <u>exclusive</u>...
Waal, then, invite someone <u>else</u>, then...
Bob Barrenger, Claire Wellesley, the <u>director</u>...
...we don't have thirteen at table...
...not the Lazyboy...
The chairs go, the Lazyboy goes...
So we just got lucky.
Well, these things happen.  <u>Purpose</u> of my call, my wife wanted to know what brand of <u>cigarettes</u> Mr. Barrenger smokes, so she could lay some out tonight...we got the list of his dietary <u>requirements</u>...
And, my <u>wife</u> wanted to, wanted me to ask you, we'd like to <u>welcome</u> you, we'd, she'd like to have you to dinner at our house.  I don't mean to be...
George, that is so kind of you.
I <u>am</u> the City Council.  We meet Friday, and I...
...it is?
On your "permit," but that is less than a formality.
...the city council...
<u>Whatever</u> you need.  The City Council, of course, has to pass on your...
...we need the shooting permit for Main Street...
...not at all...
That's very kind of...as a matter-of- fact, one, I hate to <u>bother</u> you with...
Well, you know, Walt, I just wanted to say that anything I could do...
Why would they be illegal?
Aren't these <u>illegal</u>?
My golly, you know?  All my life I grew up in the city, but every summer...would you like a cigar?
And we're glad to have you here...
I have to tell you, I can not <u>express</u> to you how <u>happy</u>...
Only second chance we git, z'ta make the same mistake twice...
Zat true?
Ain't no second chances in life.
But I couldn't r'member all the words. Ast them would they gimme a second chance.
Bet you did.
I read for that part.  Did pretty good too.
He's been playin' Old Farmer nigh on sixty years.
You see where Tom Miller's playin' the Old Farmer?
Waal, what was the per-screen average...?
You think so?
Yeaup, but those grosses are inflated.
"Assembly of Death" did 95 million dollars the first weekend.
Zat what it takes?  I always <u>wondered</u> what it took...
It takes all kinds.
She coulda done better than him.
Mmm...
He's going to <u>get</u> that calf.
No, I'm serious, election's coming up, a lot of people are pretty upset...
...the damn thing...
I saw Budgie Gagnon, leaning on the bank of the building.  Said, "What are you doin'?"  He said, "I'm waitin' for the 'leven o'clock crossing..."
Drive a man to drink.  Took me near half an hour, get across the street yesterday.
Yes, I hear it.
You hear that?
I don't care.  <u>Fix</u> it.
But, Wally, the window of the <u>firehut</u>...
No you can't lose the shot.  The meaning of the <u>film</u> <u>is</u> in that shot.
Because they gots a window with a dogs in it.  You want me to "push in."  Or I can lose the shot.
Why?
Wally, I got to takes out that window from the dog.  I can't shoot through...
We need a new name for the movie. Where's the writer?
Then I can't do this shot...you wants me to push in--I can't push in through the window...We go back to New Hampshire?
...we can't lose the wind...
We have to lose the window.
Givvem a cigarette...
Where are we?
She's <u>dying</u> and <u>Rache</u> is your mother now!
I'd rather be with Mommy.
Mommy's marrying Rache!
So what's up?  Who's marrying who <u>this</u> time?
I don't <u>want</u> to be Lady Godiva anymore, no matter <u>how</u> much I like chocolate.  I want to be a stud.
Guinevere, Godiva, I sense enemy sol...
I killed her!
Ben!  What's wrong?
I have to work on my video project! Don't follow me!  I can put myself to bed.
&quot;Those who travel far and near this will make you DISAPPEAR!&quot;
I hate the crayon Burnt Sienna and people who spit when they walk.
I hate wax lips and red ants and pretzels without salt...
I NEVER do that, you ALWAYS lie!
Annabelle sucked her thumb last night.
Good.  That's very good.
I'll miss you so much.
Don't be.  I'm going.  Where we all go.  Now how can that be bad.
Yes.
Are you afraid for me?  Where I'm going.
Until he's old enough to read.
Keep Ben's for awhile, okay?  Until he's old enough to not open them all at once.
Let me be the judge of that.
I'm not.
Thank God.  I got to see you. Grown up.
Don't. Take me with you.
I don't want to say goodbye.
No, that never solves anything.  You talk like the big girl you are.  About what you feel.  And how he's hurt you. You know?  You tell the truth.
And bring my knees up, <u>real</u> hard, yeh?
I know.  I know how rough life can be. And how unfair.  So here's what we do. Tomorrow, on the lunch yard, you walk <u>straight</u> <u>up</u> to that little jerk...
You cannot <u>believe</u> what he said, it was the worst <u>instant</u> of my total life on <u>Earth</u>!!
Darling, I've been thinking about our little Brad problem?  And I think it's time we move to Plan B...
Nothing sweetheart.
Mom?  What's wrong?
Annabelle...wake up honey...
Maybe twenty.
How many devilled eggs can you eat?
Oh, yeh.
This'll work, huh?
This is a joke, right?
He's not even there.  You don't see him, you don't hear him, you're just too much of a woman to bother with little boys.
You have to ignore him.
I call him a fartface or a pervert, or something equally lame.
And what do you do wh...
Good girl.
Not with my mouth open.
You wouldn't kiss him, huh?
...they all yell 'There goes the Virgin Queen' or the 'Ice Princess', or some <u>really</u> clever cut like that. Like it hurts my feelings.
You don't like his friends.
Every time I'm on the lunch yard, and he's with twelve of his retarded <u>dorkface</u> little adoring out-crowd <u>henchmen</u>...
Actually.  I could only help him.
Great.
I could help with the debate.
A debate.  Man's inhumanity to woman.  He's pro women.  I'm con. Ms. Flannery is twisted.
What's Thursd...
She is but an arriviste.
She is only the <u>Princess</u> of Cool. <u>Mommy</u> is the Queen!
And...?
He wouldn't know.  <u>I</u> saw her in the shower!
...I'm not deaf, y'know.
I said...
THEN TURN OFF THE CARTOON!
I can't hear you.
Where's Rache?  It's <u>Thursday</u>, we get to be with <u>Rache</u>!
We make mistakes.  And we forgive each other.  Because we love each other, very m...
You lied.  If you lied <u>then</u>, maybe you're lying <u>now</u>.  I can <u>never</u> belive you <u>again</u>!
I know how scared <u>I</u> get when <u>you're</u> sick.  So I waited to tell you.  Until it was getting smaller. I thought that was best, maybe I was wr...
Secret's safe with me.
And don't tell her I told you.
I bet.
Actually.  She's kind of cool, when you get to know her.
She knows every neat junk food place.
Like a big sister.
...I mean, she knows all the music, and pop stars, and clothes and stuff. She's like still a kid, herself.
Are you <u>kidding</u>?  It is <u>so</u> much better than the one Rachel showed me!
I hope it's the right kind.
Well.  It's for you.
Wow.  Who's that for?
I'll be there for you.
That happens.  To families.
Like seeing the good side of Rachel. So she'll see the good side of us.
Like how?
But we do have a choice.  To make it better.  Instead of worse.
Daddy and I tried hard.  We really did.
No I'm not.  I don't care.  Why should I care?  I mean nobody asked me when you got divorced.  Nobody asked me if I wanted a new mother.  Nobody even asked me if I like her.  If you guys don't care about our family staying together, why sh...
Look she's upset --
Or blush.  You look pale.
Well Daddy and I are just friends now, and that's no reason not to wear mascara...
But you only wore mascara when you and Daddy went on romantic dates...
I'm a little tired and it's just a pick-me-up.
Then why are you putting on mascara?
Probably you -- your brother -- school -- The solar system...The usual...
What are you gonna talk about?
Because it's quiet.  And he wants to talk.  Alise -- Once he saws you in half, it's bedtime...
I like talking about it.  At least, to you.
So why are you asking me?
Because it feels really incredibly good.
...why do you think?
Oh God oh God Oh God oh God oh God Oh...
I live.  In the same country.
How would you know sh...
During sex.
Scream.
Why does Rachel scream?
Well, not exactly s...
Sex.  Of course.
Daddy was washing Rachel.  In the shower.  What did you think that was about?
I'll ride ahead.  Nelson, protect the Queen...
Lord Nelson, Napoleon's troops.  I fear for the women and the property values.
Annabelle, daddy and I will always be there. That's one time always is always.  You can call him after dinner but...
I'm gonna call him.
Never say never you always say that. I'll bet daddy's mad at me now.
That will never happen.
What happens when he loves Rachel more than us?
It happens.
It just slipped out.
Well, he's not president anymore, so why be petty.
Like who?
Look if the truth is you don't feel like talking about this right now that's fine. But don't look me in the eye with a big smile on your face and lie to me. Cause there are only so many lies you're allowed to tell before it starts showing on your face.  You wind up looking like...
I'm not upset.  Why would I be upset?
Maybe you're upset that Rachel moved in.
Mass hysteria.
Well you're telling your teachers and your friends --
I don't want that to happen.  Why would I want that to happen?
Well Daddy and I were thinking that sometimes people tell a story about what they wish would happen.
I didn't say that.  Why would I say that?
Excellent point.
I hate overly ripe bananas -- they make me want to throw up.
Thank you.  Those were all words.  I hate the planet Uranus.  <u>Terrible</u> name for a planet.
I hate when you say that.
<u>Never</u> say 'never' -- it's <u>not</u> fair to say 'always' -- and <u>no</u> name calling. Use your words.
I know you don't, but if you had, chrom- atically you <u>are</u> in the purple family.
I don't care.
...it's really not so bad Annabelle -- Red and Blue make purple.
A <u>suitable</u> boy, will be at <u>this</u> flagpole, <u>on</u> Monday, with a <u>very</u> expensive bike, and he will be a stone FOX if I have to call an <u>escort</u> service!
But Rache...
The guy <u>I</u> see is in the eighth grade at <u>Prep</u> School, and he laughs his <u>ass</u> off every time we talk about you.
He'll be impressed.  The clincher is, you <u>walk</u> away, then <u>whip</u> around...
In high school.
Oh.  It's an incredibly disgusting, and not remotely sexy thing, that they described in a movie I'd never let you go to.  But it's real.  Does he have an older brother?
Uh.  What is it?
No.  But they stand out, a little. Like this.
Great.  Big ears, too?
Uh.  He thinks his nose is too big.  But it's not.
Help me here...
No, baby.  You're gonna use <u>my</u> words.
Not use my words, please!
And you<u>don't</u> tell her.  What you're going to say.
That's because your mother is a fine person, finer than I will ever be.  Now, just this once...
And Mom says anger never, never <u>solves</u> anything.  It makes every- thing <u>worse</u>.
No, <u>his</u> mother's always on time.
Now is that little prick still here, because if he is, I'm gonna rip his fucking <u>heart</u> out!
...laughed, yeh.  They laughed real hard.
I <u>did</u> what she said.  I <u>used</u> my words, I <u>told</u> him what I <u>felt</u>, and they...
IT'S NOT YOUR <u>FAULT</u>!!
Oh, baby, I'm so sor...
Suits me <u>fine</u>!
June 3rd, God willing, I'll marry your Dad.  And then I <u>will</u> be your stepmom. And right now, I'm not looking forward to th...
You're just a <u>stepmother</u>.  So stop <u>bossing</u>, cos nobody's <u>listening</u>!
No.  I think it's ugly.
You think this is funny?
You think this is funny?
That doesn't bother me.
That doesn't bother me.
Annabelle pick up the phone.
Annabelle pick up the phone.
Why don't you say hello?
Annabelle, I know you miss your mother.  So why don't you say hello.
Honey, she won't d...
Here's <u>weak</u>...Mom said she was gonna talk to the <u>teacher</u> and Brad's <u>parents</u>!!  Can you <u>believe</u> the <u>humiliation</u>???
That's so weak.
You know what that creep and his frogfaced footmen are calling me <u>now</u>?  In front of the whole <u>world</u>? Frosty, the Snow Bitch!!
I <u>killed</u> my math quiz, A-minus.
She still packing for her trip?
See, I...
It's not to wear around, or any- thing, I'm <u>way</u> too young.  It's just for play.
MOMMY!
Your mom had to...help a friend with this...emergency?  And she called me. And we switched days.  Then, I got stuck on my shoot, and...
Now could she just...<u>forget</u> me!
C'mon, these are the Bomb, I prom...
He's not kidnapped he's -- he's just hiding -- he's just -- BENNNN?  GODDAMMIT!
What if he's kidnapped?
I don't know...I feel like I'm gonna throw up.
Lunch time Sleeping Beauty.  Where's Ben?  Is he in the bathroom?
It's only one o'clock...Why don't you get another Fudgesicle -- I'll be done soon -- really soon.
But we're hungry -- and I have to pick up my costume for the pageant!  It starts at seven!
Hold lunch!
<u>Just</u> where I wanna be all Saturd...
The timing was off -- I need this light.
And this is my room so get out!
This is my house too!
This is my daddy's house --
What I meant and perhaps I didn't say it well was you have a great mom.  You don't need another one.  But when you're at this house --
Thank God for that!
I don't have to listen to you!  You're not my mother.
Don't touch me!  I'm <u>allergic</u> to you!
I'm sorry, okay?  Let's not fi...
Absolutely Duncan I'm on top of everything.
You swore.  You owe me a quarter.  Did you remember my egg carton?  I told you I needed my egg carton for seed planting today.
He's badgering a witness.  Eat.
I'm gonna beep daddy at work.
I'm almost done making it.  Alright Ben -- <u>you</u> deal with the tardy, <u>you</u> write yourself a note, your daddy <u>told</u> you he had an important case this morning and he had to leave early and we were AAAAGGGGHHHH!
Never mind.  I'll just eat my lunch.
Here.
No.  I told you.  I like apple butter not butter butter.
Of course not.  Does he look lost to you?  BENNNNN!!!
You lost Ben?!
I didn't forget.  I was up all night thinking about it and I concluded you're too special to look like everyone else.  Orange Red.  That's your color.  Few can carry it off.  Now please.  Help me find your brother.
You forgot to wash my purple shirt.  I told you a hundred times it was Purple Day at school today.
Cos she loves <u>you</u>.  She wanted you to have a daddy to love.  Even if he didn't...completely...deserve it.
Cos she loves you.
...your hating me.
There's worse things.
You know, this horse smells really bad.
YOU'RE WORSE THAN <u>SHE</u> IS!  WHY DON'T YOU JUST DIE, <u>TOO</u>?
You do NOT run out on your moth...
You owe me a quarter.
Put down that <u>goddamn</u> camera!
Annabelle put down that camera.
No they're not.
Don't take my picture!
There you are!
I hate her.  I really hate her.
That's my girl...
Ice cold water.
Now Ladies, the secrets to a great pie is the crust.  And the secret to a great flaky pie crust comes from less flour and more...what?
IT'S YOUR GIRLFRIEND, BIG GUY, OPEN UP.
IS THAT YOU?
Doo-wop-doo-doo, <u>doo</u>-wop-doo-doo...
'In the still...still of the ni-ight...I held you... held you so ti-ight'...take it, man...
Dad!  You can talk him into anything!
Well, that's a long way off, sweetie. We'll talk to Mom and Dad...
...for Christmas, okay?  Every magician needs a white dove, a <u>real</u> one, they <u>do</u>!
How could I be?  We learned some magic...
Are you <u>real</u> mad?
That's nice Ben.
&quot;And a picture of the cow jumping over the moon...&quot;
&quot;In the great green room there was a telephone and a red balloon...&quot;
No!  You're cheating -- you have to start from the beginning and you have to read the whole thing I can't sleep otherwise.
&quot;Goodnight moon, goodnight hush, goodnight mush, goodnight goodnight goodnight Gracie -- Goodnight Ben!
Mmmm!  Tasty.  You're a master chef Ben. Just like your dad.
Aren't you going to drink your cocoa? It's the good kind.
&quot;In the great green room there was a telephone and a red balloon...&quot;
Thank you Ben.  That was so sweet of you.  Goodnight Annabelle.  Sweet dreams.
I made you some cocoa.  See?
Annabelle let's get something clear.
Excuse me --
No!
...EGGzactly.  I'm putting on my coat --  We are late.  We are seriously late.  Which means Mister Ben we've got to get you dressed --
Hello?...Duncan...The Ad Agency's already there?...I'm out the door...  Ben!  Knock it off!  It's gonna go beautifully...  Damn it Ben --
But you told us to starve.
Alright starve.
No.
Then have a donut --
You touched it.
Fine.
No!  Cocoa Puffs on Top -- Fruit Loops on the bottom.
Fine!  Eat in the cupboard.
No.
Oh my God.  That is so not funny.  You're late.  You're really late.  Now get out here and have some cereal.
No, it isn't.  Because it isn't everything.  And we want every- thing, don't we?
It's not good enough.
Always.  Always.  And you won't hear a voice.  But in <u>here</u>.  You'll know.  What I'm saying.
Can I talk to you?  When you're there.
Right here.  Right here.  <u>Inside</u> the magician.  Shhhh.
So where are you?
The world.  <u>Thinks</u> I'm gone.  But only the magician.  Knows better.
Half.  Of him.
But you can still see him.
If a soldier loses his legs in a war.  Is he the same guy?  Sure he is.
You dying.
So what do you think we're gonna talk about?
Well, don't make him disappear before I see him.
Rache says it's from you.
Find the bird cage?
Rache can do that part.
I've got a lot of medicine in me, sweetie.  And I'm a little wobbly for driving or running ar...
I helped.
Okay.  These are good.
Oh.
Ask her, she's a heroic Fireperson. She does this twenty times a day.
How do you know?
Ben.  God doesn't like visitors.
Heaven.  I have to tell him he's made a mistake.  He should take Grammy Martha first.  Or Grandpa Norman.
Ben where do you have to get to?
Before you.
Where Ben?
No!  I have to get there.
Ben!  Mommy's so glad to see you -- Now stop climbing!  Ben listen to me...
Sugar.  I was slow dancing to that song before Rachel was even born.
That's Rache's song!
In the still...still of the ni-ight...I held you...held you so ti-ight...
I'm still sick, but I'm better.
So you're okay.
Is your bad?
Grammy had a different kind. There are lots of kinds.  Hers was very bad.
I have cancer.  Do you know what that is?
You have the WORST flu since...
Mommy's sick, guys.
Pray.  We never find out.
No.
Nope.  I got my warm t-shirt.
ARE YOU CRAZY, YOU COULD <u>SUFFOCATE</u> IN THERE!!!
Thursday's fine...
Mommy, if your real name's Jackie and I call you mommy; and Rachel's real name's Rachel...Then when I see her do I say hi Stepmommy?  And if my name's Ben, how come you don't call me son?
Tomorrow?  Can I have one butterscotch pudding for dessert?
I'm fine, ba...
Mom...?
That I do.  Always will.
Do me a favor?  Eat it, and then give me a secret report, okay?  Pay particular attention to whether it's chewy and if it tastes more like chocolate or soup.
I did.  Do I have to eat lamb? Daddy didn't cook it, she did.
Of course, you do.  Being magic. Then you know I've got a flu bug, and I turn green and barf profusely when I even think about food.  So, all the more meatballs for you.  But you know what.
Yes.
I'm somewhere, thinking of you.  And meatballs.  And you know what?
Where are you, anyway?
Not a lot, sweetie.  It's a country. Like Canada.  Only smaller.
Is that like Luigi's?
You'll be up to your armpits in meatballs, I'm flying them in from Sweden.
And many meatballs.
Honey, this is Thursday.  I pick you up tomorrow, and we do <u>big</u> spaghetti.
Rache says I have to eat <u>lamb</u>.  I told her <u>you're</u> making me <u>spaghetti</u>!
If you want me to hate her I will.
What honey?
Mommy?
Yes...if you like big hair...
I think she's pretty, Mommy.
People like Rachel who only think about themselves often do make a lot of money.
Does Rachel make a lot of money?
Ben, mommies work too.  They work very hard.  Mommy works harder as a mom than she did when she was working.  I just don't get paid.
Rachel's job is she works.
No, that's your fault.  It's her fault for not watching over my precious son, as if it were her priority.  Which means, the most important job.
Mommy?  It's not Rachel's fault I ran away.
I knew where I was all the time.
Ben!  Oh my Ben!  Are you alright?
Thank you Ben.  Annabelle!
Poof!  You're happy now.
Seven of clubs.  Nobody's mad we just want to talk about it.
Queen of diamonds.
Lava's hateable.  I never thought of that.
I have lava.
I hate snails and blue cheese. Especially together.  <u>Hate</u>.
I noticed a whopping pile of laundry sitting on the washer -- perhaps Rachel's underpants are in there -- Now where are your lunches?
Why does Rachel wear Daddy's underpants? Doesn't she have underpants of her own?
Sure.  I was just doin' my nails.
May I remind you that Duncan has the <u>client</u> arriving at exac...
Actually, never.  They'll always hate you.  There's a gene for it.
And when did that pass?
I once threw an entire bowl of jello on my stepmother's head --
You say that like I don't know that.
You've got a fruit loop in your hair.
Cooper, back the fill off I don't have enough shadow...
Sooner than later.  You really need to.
Why would his worry?  Or my children's worry.  Or anyone's worry.  Help the sit...
Have you still never told him?
I have to get dressed.  My ex-husband has asked me to dinner.  God knows why, he was very mysteri...
Let's take our best shot.
That's necessary, huh?
At first.  Then, after awhile, some chemo.
So we'll...radiate some more?
Every day.  More and more.
People beat it, don't they?  All the time.
Rachel, <u>don't</u> do this, you will <u>never</u> forgive yourself!
No, no, no, this is a job that's hard to <u>keep</u>, <u>not</u> a job that's hard to <u>lose</u>, can't be both.
You can't <u>do</u> that, I won't <u>let</u> you!
Duncan.  I've got an <u>even</u> <u>better</u> idea...
You're making a <u>career</u> decision here, I would <u>strongly</u> sugg...
They're losing one mother.  They can't lose two.
Look, I will <u>send</u> a P.A. to pick up the children.  There are <u>agencies</u> that supply sitters, nannies...
Which part of no don't you understand?
We don't KNOW if you've got it, we haven't SEEN it yet!  Now go back and FINISH!
I've got it.  It's in the can, Cooper can wrap th...
But you're not <u>done</u>!
It's 1:45, I told you there's no one to pick up Annab...
Duncan.  My work is everything to me. This'll never happen again.  Now stand back -- this session's gonna make you remember why you hired me even though I wouldn't sleep with you -- Cooper let's get these penguins dancing --
Congratulations.  Only forty minutes late.  You're handling this promotion really well Rachel.
A lot smaller.
I had a lot of treatments, and they weren't any fun, but the tests show the cancer got smaller.
I live or I die.
What happens next?
Walk in the park.  And thanks for the 'we'.
We're going to win this.
I know.  I wouldn't know what to say.  If it were you.
Yeh, better I should forcefeed him burnt lamb and...couscous, was it she made him?  Boy, kids go wild for that.
Yet another spaghetti night.
Never stand between that kid and a meatball.
You want us to take him tonight? Give you some private time with Annab....
It's good.  You're not pulling a mid-life crisis on us, are you?
It's temporary.
Stop.  You're making me insecure.
She's a charmer, you'll see.  In fifty years, the kids'll love her ten percent as much as they love you.
And we all went through that together?
Remember when Mommy and Daddy got divorced?
The great thing about life is that things keep changing.
No.  You think this is going to help the kids then you do it.  You're on your own.
You're still going to have to be dealing with me -- with us.  We should tell them together.
WE'RE still their parents for the next hundred years.
WE are over.
We...
You can't be an 'us' just when you want to.  You can't play that card when it's convenient.
It's a huge moment in their life --
To make it easier for them or you?
It's going to be hard for the kids when I tell them...I'd like you to be there.
Just not to me.
I grew up, a little.  I'm ready for a life that's built around commitm...
Tell me exactly how you're different from three years ago?  The music sounds kind of the same from where I'm sitting.
I didn't think a phone call was appropriate...
Getting so beautiful...she looks more like you every day.  Jackie...I've really given this a lot of thought.  A great deal of thought...
Annabelle showed me the new dress. She's amazing in it.
Still, please.
And I'm supposed to care.
I'm afraid she's going to walk.
<u>Slugs</u>.  Have faster learning curves. <u>Trees</u>, even.
You know the kids aren't really in danger.  This is about Rachel, and you're right, I'm disappointed in her learning curve, and...
Partly.  But partly, you're mad.
You're saying, don't make the kids a football, don't put them through a war.  But I'm doing this for <u>their</u> well-being.
Don't do this.
Called him.  We set an ap...
We've broken a lot of promises, haven't we Luke?
Jackie stop.  We promised we never go there.
I'm not gonna wait around to see the next one.  I'm not gonna watch my kids fall through the cracks of this arrangement.  I'm seeing a lawyer.
Jackie, you've made mistakes -- We all make mistakes --
Not to me.
But he hasn't.  He wandered off.  I know it's terrifying.  I can imagine how you felt when that call came -- But it happens.
Do you realize what could have hap- pened to your son today?  How lucky we are the police found him before some lunatic did?  He could have been...
Our children.
...until the plan changed, when Jessie's mom gave us these tickets. What, Rachel. 'forgot' I told her?
Jackie, <u>we</u> were taking them water- skiing for the <u>whole</u> weekend!
At the Big Apple Circus, it's the only big top I know.  I <u>said</u> I'd get 'em back tonight...
You're WHERE?
Just outside the big top, we're almo...
Good...Well...Take care.
Easy enough.
Fine.  But I wanted to take the kids to work with me on Wednesday so I'll take Wednesday, and you can pick up that Thursday, Friday after soccer, and Saturday before riding.
Luke, I need to switch next Friday for Thursday, so why don't you take the weekend...  ...that way you'll be there, and I'll pick up Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Me too.
I'm worried.
You ask me that counselor's making a mountain out of a molehill...
You tried that last week and we were on hold forty-five minutes...
I'll call from work.  We can have a conference call.
It's Wednesday night.  She's at my house.  I'll talk to her.
Thank you Mrs. Franklin.  Jackie?  This has been very valuable for us.  And I'll have a serious talk with Annabelle tonight.
Jackie, she was five minutes late --
Except for last Thursday when Rachel forgot to pick them up --
Napalm.
Jackie, they come to be part of my life.  Rachel <u>is</u> part of that life.
They want to be with you Luke, they go to your house to be with their father.
Well, we're not discussing Rachel's age either.
We're not discussing your age.
Rachel's not half my age.
Since our divorce Luke has seen a number of different women in three short years and without a lot of warning for the kids, he's now living with a woman half his age --
I've been with someone for quite some time, and didn't feel it was appropriate for her to move in too quickly.  But after a lot of thought and careful discussion with her -- and the kids I might add -- she moved in last month.
You think I didn't get that?
Something's up wi...
I'm here.  I've got a case where they're this close to sequestering the jury but have I answered the goddamn thing?!
Because you don't really seem here.
I'm here.
Are you here?
Remarried.  There is no move.
Planning on getting --
Just sit me up.  Nice and tall. Bring Benjamin first.
You know, there's nothing you have to say.  Because they know your heart.  You don't have t...
Just want to be a little sharper. For a few minutes.
Now Edna says you short-changed your last meds.  You can do presents and be comfortable at the same time, y'know.
I have their past.
You know every story, every wound, every memory, their whole life's <u>happiness</u> has been wrapped up in <u>you</u>, every moment...
You'll learn.
You ride with Annabelle...
You're the hip and fresh.
Everything.  You're...the Earth Mother incarnate...
What do I have that you don't?
With good reason.  They fucking worship you as it is.
Uh.  You hate my guts?
Why didn't I?
He only remembers I <u>found</u> him.  My point is, telling you this story would have been the kindest, most helpful thing I could ever have done for you.
Ben never mentioned it.
I was running around like a chicken with my head chopped off.  Doing my imitation of you.
You are lying, you never lost that kid for 4 <u>seconds</u>, you could find him from a <u>coma</u>, there is no WAY!
I lost him.  I was panicked.
You're lying.
Maybe I was wrong on that one.
Come on, a wuss like me?  The stiff who wouldn't help her own daughter fight back?
Well, it's the Jack Kennedy Syndrome, huh?  You die young, you always look golden.  Perfect.  The memory kind of burnishes the image, and...
Is scary.  But you want it.  Gimme some truth here.
I never wanted to be a mom.  Then, sharing it with you was one thing. Carrying it alone, the rest of my life...
And I have looked down the road. At what my life will be.  And I can't handle it.
No, there isn't.
I love Luke, I love the children. But there is more to life than even love...
Don't flatter yourself.  I always liked that line.
What's this about?  Because we <u>fought</u>?
Double.
She likes a Stolie, no ice.
Neutral ground.  What's up?
Thanks for coming out.
<u>That's</u> what it is.  And that's <u>all</u> it is.
You've turned her into you.  And I may not get another chance.  To turn her back.
And she'll fight back again.  God help me, what have I done.
And there will come <u>another</u> moment. When the stakes are <u>really</u> there. And she will look back on this.  And remember how good it felt.  How easy it was.
Well, that's what parenting is <u>about</u>, little girl.  They are <u>pleading</u> to know how they are supposed to do it. And you sure as hell <u>showed</u> her.
She wasn't steering her own course, she was steering <u>yours</u>.
Doing the <u>right</u> thing.  Knowing who you <u>are</u>, inside.  Not <u>caving</u> to peer pressure, or <u>lowering</u> yourself to that level, <u>steering</u> your <u>own</u> course...
Shut the fuck up.  <u>I</u> didn't go behind <u>your</u> back.
Oh please.
See, in that crisis, I saw an opportunity.  For some <u>real</u> growth.
Well, maybe <u>your</u> version of growing up is 'Just win, baby'.
You weren't passing 'em out.
You think <u>I</u> didn't have some dirty words for that little putz?  You think <u>I</u> couldn't figure out some low blows?
That's not wh...
You taught my child that I am some limp dick <u>loser</u>.  Who didn't <u>care</u> about her pain.
So you became the hero.  And I became the schmuck.
She was beaten, and bloodied, and it was going to go on, uni...
Worked.  Like a charm.
You had her <u>lie</u> about that... that fancy-boy <u>model</u>!
Aw.
You put filth in my child's mouth.
Right down to the ground.  Let's get to it.
You are <u>defending</u> what you did?
Is that what you're worried about? Looking bad at the PTA?
Actually.  They'll want Annabelle's mother.
Give 'em my number.
Because there'll be, oh, 20 or 30 mothers phoning me in the next hour or so.  And they'll b...
It doesn't matter, I didn't tell h...
Now, 'limp dick', I know.  What. Is 'snowballing'?
Don't be too sure.
And I'm going to win.
Are we.
Now we're going to have a fight, you and I.
He looks familiar.  Did he do a Calvin Klein ad?
Looks nice enough to m...
Who in the world <u>is</u> he?
You really didn't have to come, you know.  I'd have brought them straight t...
He won't discuss it.  Just calls it history.
Is that what he told you?
That thing you said before.  Pushing the guy sleeping next to you away. Because of what you gave up for motherhood...
Took 28 hours.  She just wasn't sure about entering this world.
And her...?
Somehow, his blanket always looked like a cape, even the nurse said that.  He <u>loves</u> to hear that story, over and over.  How he was born a magician.
Feeling the pressure?
My advice to you?  Don't die.
That's motherhood.  That's the job, with or without a career. I'm telling you the biggest gift you can give them is your happiness. They <u>need</u> you to be happy.
I just want to spend time with them when I'm not rushing or on the phone or tired or...
I know you, huh?  The car pools, he measles, the PTA.  It's not gonna be enough for you in the long run.  You have to think long term.
Yes.  I made the choice that was right for me.  And I don't regret it.  But even for me, there were days when I felt so lost, so invis- ible.  And then I'd hate myself for the kids not being enough.
It's the same choice you made.
Juggle it!  Move the darkroom into your house.  You've got that room downstairs with the treadmill Luke never uses anyway.  Don't lose your confidence.  Don't lose your edge.
Hey, you haven't quit on you, I'm sure as hell not gonna.  I just mean, I'm juggling a lot right n...
You mean, after I'm dead?
It was just a job, there'll be plenty of others.
Do what you've worked your whole life to do?
It's just not the right time t...
No.
I'm thinking.  Do I know you well enough to really chew you out?
...go to the park.  In the worst way.
Hon, maybe your mom would like t...
It's <u>covered</u>, okay?  I appreciate your concern.  Can I talk to her?
Yah?  Well, even the best mom in the world, the smartest, the wisest, whatever.  Needs to know when to find a Plan B.  Cos Plan A <u>is</u> not and <u>will</u> n...
Thanks, but it's under control.
Can I say one thing?  I mean, the <u>last</u> thing I want to do is inter- fere on the Brad thing, b...
How's she doing with Brad?
Yeh, she's...I'll get you Ben first, it's past his bedti...
Eat your heart out.  Is Annabelle there?
What else?  Keep on keepin' on.
And you said...
He's relentless.  A <u>major</u> asshole.
I think my 'primo shit' got left in my 'bellbottoms.'
The primo stuff is great for pain.
Brad Kovitsky.
You try to center on the big issues, y'know.  What it's all about.  What this whole trip has meant.  But then, the <u>really</u> big issues keep swamping y...
Yeh, that's bull.  I'm going for serene, they say some actually get there.
You look sick.  But you look... together.  Mentally tough.
I really look like shit.
It's promising, this one.  We're upbeat.
So.  Hopeful.
It's a mess, right now.  That's my project when I get back.
Can I look at the pictures?
Beats me.  Ask your mom.
And you said...?
Doesn't <u>begin</u> to describe it. I mean, you've got cancer, <u>this</u> is serious.
She's devastated.
Right.  Which is the whole <u>point</u> of this 'going out' thing, so one of them can dump the other one, and they can imitate the whole passionate adult soap opera tragedy, without ever having to actually date.
Oh, my God.
Anyway.  He walks up to her on lunch yard today.  And tells her... publicly...that they're 'breaking up.'
...going out, yeh.  I had kids of my own, once.
As you may know, 'going out' in the six grade doesn't mean shit.  They don't actually <u>go</u> to a movie or anywhere, they don't even eat lunch together, it's just a declaration to the world that they're...
Toi.  They've been 'going out' for two weeks.
Moi?
She was afraid you'd make a big deal out of it.
She hasn't mentioned this.
That.  And.  Annabelle is over her head.  With Brad 'The Dreamboat' Kovitsky.
You're a cross-dresser.
So I have to tell you something in confidence...
Luke's depo ran late.  I promised I'd take notes.
Small world.
Ironic, huh?
Okay, I'm undeserving.
I have given them more<u>love</u> and more <u>care</u> every fifteen <u>minutes</u> of their lives, than you could manage in the next fifty <u>years</u>!
See, I know that.
They came out of my <u>body</u>!
You are <u>marrying</u> the <u>greatest</u> guy who walks this <u>earth</u>.  Who I have <u>loved</u> from my <u>heart</u> for twelve<u>years</u>!
And cigarettes.  I smoke, too.
How would you know <u>anything</u>?
I don't, but...
How the hell would you know?
You bet you are.
You're not dying.
Life's a trade-off.  You get cancer, your hair falls out, but you <u>do</u> get to smoke dope.
Really.  By what right?  Six months of part-time screw-ups?
I got used to...thinking of them. As...my kids too.
...it's my problem, too.
Then let him talks to me.  We don't need you to solve our prob...
Luke.  Can't live like that.
Did I hear the word...
We can't live like that.
Bi-coastal parenting.  Happens every day.  Luke gets the kids every other summer, every other holiday, it's not ideal, but people make it work, and...
But I came here to...
Nobody likes a snoop.
And I know checking into your life was inexcusable...
Don't flatter yourself.
Look, you've never liked me...
You're taking the kids.  And moving to San Francisco.
You WHAT?
You're not working at Random House, I talked to them.
My boss.
I was looking for Annabelle's book, and I found your tickets.  And the note.  From your new boss.
I don't know wh...
Let's...hold up for a bit.  It may not happen.  Our secret, okay?
Uh.  Have you told Luke and the ki...
Hey, any help you need, we'll cover.
...make some trips into the city. Sometimes, overnight.
Wowie.  How wonderful!
...thinking of going back to Random House.  On a part-time basis.
Not great.  Plus, I've got things on my mind.  You know.
You feeling all right?
When I twisted hair like this it means I'm intimidated by you...
Yes?
Jackie?
She was angry at herself.
Last week when she chopped her Barbie's bangs all to hell --
Anxiety.
What about obsessively picking her split ends?
No way.  I told her two, three years, maybe, for such an expens...
Hey.  At least it's not an editing machine.
I'm sorry, I just...
It's okay, it's twenty minutes.  The horse'll be there.
Sorry I'm late, I got lost dropping Ben off at Kevin's.
Do you have a word limit you need to hit every day or can I finish?
Not personally.
Ben likes to be read to.  Do you know Dr. Seuss...?
Why not just bring the whole toilet?
Bandaids for cuts.  Bandaids for new shoe blisters.  Packet of Wash n Dri's. Kleenex.  Sugar free lollipops, potty seat covers for public restrooms...
Fine, forget it.
I'm already on thin ice.  Yesterday, I actually thought my boss was going to fire me.
However many.  It's not enough.
What?  And have Federal agents jump out of the bushes with court orders? How many years do you get in this state for giving second-rate care to minors?
I have an appointment this after- noon.  I need someone to take them to the park.
I did it for her.
So why did y...
Those are <u>my</u> children you're practicing on.  They deserve <u>first-</u> rate care.  Every minute.  Of every night.  And every day.
I need practice.
You're not terribly good at taking care of h...
She already hates me.  You've seen to that.
I didn't do it for you.  Believe me.
I didn't need you to take the blame for me, I'm quite...
I have a snoop.
I don't recall inviting you.
I'm sorry.  Look, I'm not real comfortable being here, but...
...in.
A court <u>order</u> is gonna say that <u>woman</u> is <u>never</u> <u>alone</u> with my children!  Ever <u>again</u>!  Do you HEAR that?
Well, maybe they would if they thought it was okay, with y...
I am not <u>here</u> to make it easier for you.  These are <u>my</u> children.  They don't want to <u>be</u> with you.
You listen carefully because I am only going to say this once.  That woman has nothing more to do with my children.
Jackie, if I thought for one moment...
I'm sorry I didn't mean to break your concentration.  I thought it would be a nice moment to rememb...
Annabelle doesn't really want to talk to you right now.
Think twice.  Before you <u>ever</u> pull that again.
Yeh?
Of all the <u>cheap</u> excuses.  To break a child's heart.
Look, I...
Machines do not EAT message.
You got to hell!
But it's not on the schedule!
Get out!
Maybe the problem is your <u>kids</u>.  Maybe they're spoiled, coddled <u>brats</u>!
Oh and I don't because I have a children?! The problem is you're too self-involved to ever be a mother.
You're damn right.  I'm gonna sick of your imperious bullshit.  I never said I was Betty Fucking Crocker.  If every time life hits her in the face you want to have a 12 hour talk every third Friday or the month -- go ahead!  I have a life!
You mean for you.  A 10-year-old girl is coping with the fact that her father is never coming back to live with his family.  She sees her father naked with another woman for the first time. And you think it's best for her if every- one pretends it didn't happen?  This isn't going to work out.
No.  I thought it might be uncomfortable for her --
Did you or Luke talk to her about it afterwards?
I was in there in him.
I'm sure that didn't upset her. Everyone in our family takes showers.
Luke was in the shower this morning and Annabelle sort of walked in without knocking.
<u>Forgiveness?</u>  For <u>what</u>, exactly?
...a ridiculously <u>expensive</u> and <u>inappropriate</u> item, which her father and I have already <u>told</u> her she is <u>far</u> too young to own.  But <u>you</u> apparently want to <u>buy</u> her forgiveness, with...
She's been talking about this little editing machine, it's only...
Nothing.  Look, I want to talk to you about...well...Luke said to ask you...
What did you do?
Maybe you could back off just a little bit --
What happened with Annabelle?  Has nothing I said gotten through to you?
Annabelle, how's your video rep...
What is this?  The Betty Ford Center?
We don't have any coffee.
Can I please have a cup of coffee?
Every Tuesday except the 3rd Tuesday of the month when it's switched to Friday except in April when she rides on Thursday.  It's not that hard.  Didn't you have a mother?
This is Friday, her riding lesson is on Tuesdays.  I got it right here...
How do you hold down a job?  It's 8:10. You were supposed to be here at 7:00. She's missed her sunrise Groom'n Ride.
I'm gonna get me a drink.
Where you goin'?
How about the promises we make to our kids?  About <u>their</u> future.  Do we shrug those off, just that easily?
We make our lives, one step at a time.  We do the best we can.  The truth about the future?  A promise. Is only a hope.
Because you've changed so much.
That's not us.
'But keep dancing, and if you're lucky, I might just never leave, who knows?'
No, here's ugly.  'I love <u>you</u>, babe. It's just our <u>life</u> together I'm not so sure about...'
That's a pretty ugly thing you just said.
No, she threw you out.  What a difficult woman.
'...I don't know if I can make it.' That's what I said.  But I didn't leave.
Excuse me.  'Things are so confusing for me, Jack.  Our life feels too comfortable, too safe, too predict- able.  It's a partnership, it's juggling schedules.  When I think of playing that out, every day, for the rest of my life...'
Restless.
By way of saying you were unhappy.
I told her I loved her.
Let me put it this way.  Hell, no.
Can we go sit somewhere?
What do you call it?  You told her you had doubts.
She called it a fight.  <u>The</u> fight.
'...the kids have camp.  Their friends are here.  Over there, I'll just be shopping in a language I don't even know.  My life, and the kids' lives, aren't here to service your mid-life crisis.'  Did it go like that?
...while she watched the kids.  Then, you booked this flat in Paris for your family's summer.  But she said...
I needed some time away.
You took a fishing trip with the boys. Liked it so much, you took another.
Why in the world would she t...
Imagine my relief.  So what's for dinner?
Well, they will be.
Just like to make sure.  That your past.  And my future.  Are real different.
Hold your applause.  We're not having fun, here.
What a great surpri...
I made that paella you liked. It's on the stove.
No problem.
I know that.
She's not gonna die.
Great, wallow in guilt, you <u>sure</u> you're not Jewish?
They're my kids.
Are you hungry?  You could make us something?
It's Anna Sui, you should be doing it.
It's just an assignment.
It's no biggie.
Well, I think you should tell him you changed your mi...
What's eight, ten years?  Hell, you'll still be ambulatory.  I think.
Rache, it may take time.
Everything's gonna work out.  The kids and I...we're going to love each other.
Because I can't hurt anyone like this ever again.
Okay...Is that the good thing or the bad thing?
It's forever you know.
I think so too...
I think so...What do you think?
Oh my God.  Are you serious?
You haven't done <u>one</u> goddam thing to make any of this easier...
Rache, get out of th...
Why are you taking this out on <u>him</u>?
Our weekend.  At that sweet little B &amp; B.
And it's <u>my</u> call.  I promised them water-skiing, instead o...
We have the kids.  Next weekend.
Hey, I sold my body to Satan to clear Friday at two o'clo...
Not yet.
Uh.  Annabelle's video report has been switched again.
Get ready.  To get <u>really</u> mad.
You know I don't need another person in this family making me feel like an idiot...your ex-wife's doing a bang up job and I have to face it every Tuesday and Thursday and every other goddamn weekend and I just don't know how the hell you were married to her for so goddamn long!  Jesus what did you see in her?  I don't get it -- I just don't get it.
No you don't.  And I'm not gonna screw with my kids heads right now --
Oh right...So it's just complicated for you and Jackie -- for me it's pretty simple cause I just don't understand...
It's complicated for Jackie.  It's complicated for me...You don't have kids -- you don't understand --
Really?  Look in your ex-wife's eyes.
Nobody's telling them to hate you --
And what you're telling them is keep hating her -- keep up the good work --
They don't hate you --
Look.  I know they hate me.
I know how responsible, caring adults parent children.  I'm bribe 'em.  But 'em a dog or something.  Maybe a Doberman.
But you're not good at this.  Not yet. I'm sorry.
But?  But what?
I trust you of course I do but --
You don't trust me to be alone with them.
Can't handle them myself is what you mean.  Can't.
You don't need to.  I don't expect you to handle them yourself.
I can take them to work with me -- I can shift things around --
Just a babysitter -- I mean...you're working...
For what?
Anyway, I thought...while I'm gone...maybe I'll hire in some help.
Jesus.
We have the kids this weekend, so...
So I'll have to order in?
I just found out I have to go to Boston to get a deposition.  I might not be back until Saturday.
Yeh, it's cheaper.
You'd rather spoil our walk home.
I didn't want to spoil our supper...
Uh-oh.  I mention marriage, all of a sudden...  Ve <u>haff</u> to ta...
We have to talk.
The way you cook.  If you could make love, I'd marry you.
Well, it wasn't a reduction like you do it!  Boiling down half a ton of bones...
It was a veal stock, I thi...
Okay, if they're going to <u>have</u> a sauce, put something <u>in</u> it besides flour and chicken broth...
Tucker hasn't penned Ben's present yet -- it won't be too much longer.
Something came up.  C'mon Ben! I've got a shoot at three...
In seven years Jackie's never missed one of Tucker's parties. Where is she?
No.  I'm doing it behind her back.
Does Jackie know this?
Hi, I'm here to pick up Ben.
Hmmm...Do I know any...personally...?
Well, I'm supposed to watch Schindler's List for homework. The movie's like almost four hours. And then I'm supposed to write a report on survivors.  You know any survivors, Dad?
Oh, yeah?
We're studying the Holocaust in Social Studies.
Man, I am out of here! This family is so fucked!
You heard me: leave the table!
What?
Out! Leave the table!
He isn't.
What if he is?
Don't ever say that.
Maybe he's gay.
I don't know what's wrong with that kid.
Thanks, Scoob.
No prob. I'm cool.
And like, don't take this the wrong way...I mean, I'm cool...but...you know...I've got a good reputation at school and, well...I really don't want it ruined.
Oh.
You know...Stanley...
Like what?
There are some rumors...
What?
There's something I need to talk about with you.
Hey. What's up?
Hey.
But that could've happened to him. Or to me, if I'd been alive. Or you.
Even though it was only his cousins that were killed?
Well, he did. With his family. But his cousins, they had to stay and they were all killed. And if he'd stayed, he would have been killed. So in my book he's a survivor.
But I thought he came over to America before the war.
Well, no. But he had to escape the Nazis.
He was in a concentration camp?
Well, technically your Zeda is a survivor.
He's vegetarian, doesn't do sports...
Marty, ignore him.
TV talk-show host, OK. You were at sidekick eight seconds ago, then TV talk-show host. You'll be a Latin dictator in a bout a minute.
Be your sidekick, you know, and maybe eventually become a TV talk- show host.
Ahh...tell me. What do you want to do for me? What's your idea?
Well, I was thinking...I might work for you.
And thank you for dressing up for us. This is very classy. Tell us. What kind of professional plans do you have? What's in your future?
Great to be here.
Nice to have you here.
Thank you.
Welcome to the show, Scooby.
Really? Well, all right! Let's take a look at the television and see how we look.
I'll be your guest!
I'm looking for a last-minute guest for my show. Any suggestions?
Conan O'Brien? Whoa! What are you doing here?
Hey, Scooby! How's it going?
Well then, when you get older you can do something about it.
Sometimes I feel like my parents don't love me.
It is when you love someone, and they don't love you. And then you do something about it.
Consuelo, what is rape exactly?
For rape and murder.
Why was he on Death Row?
I know!
But really, you never know.
I am sure.
But still, you can't be sure.
He wasn't.
Maybe he was and you just didn't know it.
Jesus was not bad.
Maybe it's for the bestI mean, if he was guilty of doing  something wrongPeople who are bad should be killed. Don't you think so?
Poison gas.
How did they execute him?
He was executed. He was on Death Row and then he was executed.
Oh. How did it happen?
He's dead.
Gee, I didn't even know you had any children. But why are you so upset about Jesus?
My grandchild-baby.
You have a bay?
My baby.
Who is Jesus?
My Jesus
Consuelo, I'm sorry, but you know if you don't speak English I can't understand you.
Mi Jesus esta muerto!
Speak English.
Mi Jesusmi jesus
Yes, you are. I can tell. What's the matter?
No.
Consuelo. Are you crying?
But it's not like real work. This is just babysitting.
This is work.
But when you're not. Like now. What do you like to do?
I'm always working.
But like, what do you like to do when you're not working?
No, Mikey.
Hmmm.  But, Consuelo, even though your poor, don't you have any hobbies or interests or anything?
I'm still poor.
Must've been hard being poor.
We had to work. My family was poor.
Weren't there high schools in El Salvador?
I did not go to high school.
When I'm in high school I'm not going to play any football. I'm just going to concentrate on class rank.  What did you do in high school?
No.
But do you really believe in God? And heaven, hell and angels and all kind of stuff?
It was God's will.
Wow.  Why did your parents have so many children? I mean, if they were poor, wouldn't it be better to have just one or two?
Four brothers and five sisters.
Really? How many?
Yes.
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Yes, Mikey?
Consuelo?
I don't know. Maybe they'll like it.
What's an audience going to tell you?
Well, I need to see this with an audience!
We're not ready!
Hip alternative types who will understand the process better
We're not ready.
OK, then we can invite serious intellectual types.
I dunno, Toby. We really have a long way to go. You still need a lot more footage, and it's probably a little premature to start screening
OK, you're right, you're right  You know, we need to screen what we've gotinvite some regular people, just some random off-the- street typesand see what real people think of this.
I mean, why are you making this documentary if you can't treat your subject with appropriate gravity?
Nothing, I guess
You've got a family tragedy on your hands. Will you tell me what's funny about that? About a kid in a coma?
No, no, no. No exploitation. This is seriousBut don't you find it a little funny too, at the same time?
I mean, without this footage, without this rigorous documentation, it would feel like exploitation.
Yes, I knowBut still, it should be somewhat entertaining.
This is entertainment you're making, Toby. This story about a kid in the suburbs and the state of the college admissions process has, with this Brady crisis, evolved into something much richer and more provocative.
You think so? You don't think that this might not be a little dry?
This is definitely better.
Thanks. I'll tell Mike.  Well, it's still just a beginning. I know I can...dig deeper.
The camerawork's nice.
Yes, I do. I love them!
No, you don't.
You're showing how superior you are to your subject. TOBY No, but I like my subject. I like these people.
I'm not making fun. I'm showing it as it really is.
Well, I'm not really sure what you're trying to say. It's funny, I suppose. But it seems glib and facile to just make fun of how idiotic these people are.
So whaddya think?
550 verbal, 520 math. And I'm only in fifth grade!
What?
I was looking through Scooby's SATs practice books this afternoon and I took one of the practice tests. Guess what score I got?
Yes, Mikey?
Mom?
Boys, take napkins...Napkins...
Twinkeys!
I'm serious! What happens if he blows up the school?
Don't even joke about that!
Of course, honey. Come in bed with us. Come on.
Sure!...
He's right.
Look, we're not suckers. Everyone else is out there doing the same thing.
It's all about who you know.
You know, you have to. Sometimes you just have to, Toby.
We used pull.
Don't worry, he doesn't mean money.
Not to be crass, but what do we get out of this?
You started filling out your college applications yet?
Marty...
Got a lot of homework?
Steak's really good tonight. SCOOBY  Good.
The SATs, knucklehead. SCOOBY I'm not taking them.
What's tomorrow?
Ready for tomorrow?
Fine.
Hi, Scooby! How was school today?
But then, in a sense, since you would never have met Dad if your family had stayed in Europe...if it weren't for Hitler, none of us would have been born.
Well...yes. If it hadn't been for Hitler, he wouldn't have had to leave Europe. We would have been...European.
How was the class?
We did the same thing last year also.
I dunno.
What are you going to do?
My CD case like totally collapsed. I'm gonna have to recatalogue all weekend.  Hey. Can you pass the salad over.
Is everything OK?
Was anyone in my room today?
I admit it - I was scared! I was shocked, in fact , by what he said. And he's so...convincing. I'm sorry if I let you down, but really, I still say he's just one opinion. I don't even like his books that much. They're all so aggressively confrontational. I don't care if he's won the Pulitzer Prize.
Well, I sure didn't hear you voice your opinion in there when it mattered.
That's not fair! I was honest! Just because I wasn't sucking up like 	that bitch Catherine.
Patronizing fuck! If you had just been honest with me in the first place I wouldn't have read it. I knew it was shit. But - idiot! - I believed you!
Marcus...You'll write something better next time!
Your story was terrible!
You know he hated my story also.
What the fuck are you talking about? What's OK?
Don't be so upset. It's OK...
What do you want?
Look, Vi, I don't blame you. You feel You feel pity now. The pleasure isn't there any more. The kinkiness has gone...You've become kind.
I was never much of a sweater. You know that.
You've lost interest...You hardly even sweat any more when we have sex.
Marcus, I'm tired. That's all.
You're tired of me. I can tell.
You'll read it in class tomorrow. Surprise me.  Anyway, I have to go. I promised Melinda I'd help her with her oral.
So you don't want to hear my new ending?
I think you should leave it the way it was. It was good.
But it won't make any sense if you hear it out of context.
Well then, maybe you should just read the ending.
Well, actually, it's the same, but longer. I think it's better. More...raw.
Oh. What happens now?
Well, I changed the ending a little.
You mean, again?
I can read it to you.
Huh?
Hey, you want to hear my short story now?
...But Mr Livingston, aren't you a bit fearful that Scooby will be confronted with hollow values and systemic conformism?
I think Scooby's like a lot of kids. He just hit aa speed bump. Now he's gonna find his way, his path is gonna be cleared, and I think he's gonna continue his education at a good college. And everybody else is gonna be happy.
I have a cousin. Very big giver to the alumni fund.
But what kind of pull did you have?
Yeah...How do we know we won't be exploited?
Oh, I know, I know that. Well, sharing your story, your ups and downs, and so forth, can I hope, be an illuminating experience.
'Cause Scooby does have a quality that I've been looking for, a quality that is emblematic of American today. It's part disillusionment, part hope...
Reconceive.
Oh, well, I don't have them yet, but 
Scooby and a few other students of different socioeconomic backgrounds.
And you want Scooby to be the focus of all this?
You're absolutely right. The focus is on the college admissions process today.
Which is it? You gotta keep your focus straight.
Tired of this shit...
OK.
Don't screw around with me. You know what I'm talking about.  You're taking those SATs. You're taking those SATs or your CD collection is history. You're taking those SATs and you're going to college. You're taking those SATs if I have to strap your ass to a chair, but buddy your taking them.
Whaddya wanna talk about?
We have to talk.
Yeah?
Scooby?
Man, it's just, like, conversation.
Get the hell outta here!
Just the same.
The same. Same as what?
The same.
So? How was school today?
Dad, I'm trying to figure things out right now, OK? It's like, really hard, and I'm just listening to some old Elton John and...
What DO you know?
Whaddya mean you don't know? You either got a lot or you don't. What's not to know?
I dunno.
I'm going in there.
Fuck!
Sure, Dad.
Yeah, uh, listen. Why don't you go upstairs and keep your Mom and Brady company for a bit? I need to speak alone with Consuelo for a moment.
Gee, you're home early!
Come here, give me a hug!
Hi, Dad!
Hey, Mikey!
OK!
Hey, Mikey. You wanna get some ice cream?
OK. Stay there. I'll be right back.
Yeah. Sure Go ahead. Hypnotize me.
You're welcome.  Dad?Would you let me try hypnotizing you now?
Thanks.
I don't think there's any hope, either. I was just trying to make you feel better.
Mikey, there's optimism, and then there's stupidity. It's a very fine line.
Maybe he's that one in a million!
One in a million recover.
Dad?Do you think that Brady will ever get better?
Yeah, well, Mikey, listen up. Cause here's a lesson: life's not fair.
Mom, it's not fair if Brady can say the f-word and I can't.
Maybe he's building a bomb...just like-!
I just want to know what the hell he's doing in his room that's so interesting he doesn't come down for dinner.
NIGGER, FUCK ME HARD!!!...
Again!!
Nigger, fuck me hard!!...
Again!
Nigger, fuck me hard!
Say, 'Nigger, fuck me hard!'
Fuck me hard!
'Fuck me hard!'
Nigger.
Say, 'Nigger.'
...gger.
...gger.
Ni...
Say, Ni...
Oh, bu...uh...I can't say that.
Take off your top.
It's a really nice place you have. Is the rent high?
Thanks.
It's over there.
Thank you for being honest.
No.
Oh.  Do you think I have a potential as a writer?
I'm not 'going out' with Catherine.
Aren't you going out with Catherine?  I'm sorry. It's none of my business. I didn't mean...
Maybe. She's OK.
Thank you.  So Catherine seems like she might become a really good writer.
You have beautiful skin.
And I also agreed with what you said today about Marcus's story. It is a piece of shit.
That's good.
Good.  'Cause I...um...I really agreed with everything you had to say last week about how bad my story was...
You're not.
Can I join you?
Uh huh.
Yeah, um, then...are you alone?
Well, now you have.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean, I just didn't expect to run into you here, that's all.
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
Hello, Vi.
I dunno. See if I have any connections.
Ah-hah. And how is it you hope to achieve this goal?
Well, I mean...I wanna be on TV. Maybe have a talk show or something. Like Conan. Or early Letterman.
C'mon. Talk to me. Tell me what you're thinking.
I dunno...
'OK.' So you just don't care.  Let me ask you, not as your guidance counselor, but...as a friend: what do you want to do with your life? I mean, what kind of long-term goals can you possibly have?
OK.
All right, Scooby, let's not beat around the bush. With your attitude, you're not going to get in anywhere.
I hate reading.
None at all? How about those 'underground' comics?
No.
Any books you like to read for fun?
No, not really.
Maybe she has caller ID.
OK. Bye.
Yeah, sure.
Listen, Toby, I can't really talk right now. Do you mind if I call you back?
Wow, that really is great. In a few years, who knows, maybe they'll want to be in my documentary!
Eight, six, and four.
Great. How old are they?
Three.
How many?
Yeah.
Huh. Kids?
Yeah.
Yeah...So you're um...you're married?
Oh. Tired of 'life in the fast lane'?
Yeah. But not any more.
Yeah...um...so anyway, tell me. What about you? I'd heard through the grapevine you were producing movies.
That's good.
Hunh.
Uh, well, anyway, so I'm looking for subjects for this documentary on teenage life in suburbia. Kind of an exploration of the mental psyche of its mythology. I wrote to Derrida to see if he'd like to do the narration. But everything's still kind of in development at this point.
Well, but it was so long ago. We were so different back then...
I do.
Oh, I don't remember that...
Yeah. You didn't wanna take me to the prom.
N-not yet. I'm hoping to get a grant for this one project on teenagers. Geez, remember when we were teenagers?
Oh? Anything I might have seen?
I'm a documentary filmmaker.
That's good. So then what do you do now?
I worked over at a homeless shelter for a while, drove a cab to pay the rent, but, I mean, that was like - I mean, I have some dignity.
That's too bad.
Well, um, I kind of let things go on this novel I'd been really into - I mean, the whole publishing industry is totally corrupt. I mean, really, it's finished.
Anything I might know about?
Yeah, well, then it got me writing, so that was a good thing.
Oh, that's too bad.
Yeah, well, it was really all kind of a joke - and a rip-off, so, uh...so I dropped out.
I believe it.
Well, I went to law school, if you can believe that.
Oh. So what did you do after you gave up on acting?
Oh, no, not any more. No, um, I kind of came to terms with myself, I realized I had done what I had to do. And it was time to move on.
Um, well, yeah.  So are you still acting?
So. Look at where we are: the year 2000! Can you believe it? I mean, did you ever think we would actually make it?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, well...um...I was just calling because, well, I was wondering if you still remembered me, which I guess you do...
But...you called.
That's what I was gonna ask you.
So what's going on?
Great!
Great!
Oh, fine. How are you?
Toby -? Oh, hi! How are you?
Toby Oxman.
Who is this?
Hello, is this Pam?
Hello?
No, thanks.
You want some?
I mean...
Yeah. I know.
You know...I like you.
Yeah?
Scooby?
You should be.
I Know. I'm sorry. I'm just...a little nervous, I don't know why.
I'm not an idiot, man. I watch TV.
Scooby, don't! Be careful!
No, I don't think so...
Is it loaded?
I know.
Gee, your Dad's smart.
It's my Dad's He hides it under some old TV Guides in his closet.
How'd you get it?
Thanks.
Pretty cool, Stanley.
Don't be. Your movie's a hit.
Oh, my God, Scooby! I'm so sorry...I'm so, so sorry...
Oh.
Yeah. He went to Harward.
He did?
Uh, Scooby, now I understand how you want to be a TV talk-show host and all, like Conan O'Brien, but did you know even he went to college?
I dunno. I'd like to be good at something. It doesn't have to be TV. I mean, it could be movies...Anything. I'd be willing to direct.
What is most important to you?
Thanks man.
Sureumyeah, as soon as I have a screening I'll let you know.
Can I see what you have so far?
Uh, yeah, we're getting there.
Hey, um, Toby? I was wonderingIs the documentary almost finished?
200 verbal/710 math. Kinda weird, I know. But I think they thought it was, like, good-weird.
But what did you get on your SATs?
Prnceton.
So where'd you get in?
So like, yeahI caved in. I mean, I had to. My parents, they're like still really depressed about Brady. So I wrote the bullshit essay. Filled out the applications, did the interviewsY'know, I figure I can always drop out.
HBO and MTV have also shown some interest.
Whoopee.
Actually, there is some interest from the Sundance Channel.
Doubt it.
Yeah, well, it's possible they would be interested in it.
Is this to like get into Sundance?
Well...it's kind of a sociological study in the aftermath of Columbine.
What for?
Well, no. I'm doing one on high school students, in fact.
Oh. You mean, like, Blair Witch Project?
No...Actually, I'm a documentary filmmaker?
You a pervert?
Times up!
Well, I-I hope that--that--
Uh-oh!  Do you know if the demands are being taken seriously at this point, or does Washington think these people are just a bunch of crazy fuckers playing games?
Y-yes--
Does that include Helen Filmore, United States congresswoman?
Th-th-they'll kill one hostage every hour until it is--
Twenty-five-million!  And what will they do if the money isn't delivered?
Th-they want t-twenty-f-five million dollars cash--or Chemco will be destroyed.
Henry, what exactly are these crazed gunmen demanding?
I don't know--look!  They can get in now, man!  We got no one left to guard it!
Is he with the girl?
There isn't anyone! He's opened that whole sector now!
Well get someone down there!
We got trouble.  That bodyguard son- of-a-bitch has them running all over the field--just took out three on the north end!
Listen man, I don't need this shit--
I now understand the expression "you get what you pay for!" A bunch of chumps!
I don't know what hit us!  We had them trapped on the stairwell.  They could be anywhere now.
I guess not Cooper...
Looks like you're not going to make that dinner after all...
Well Cooper...
Well Filmore--
Rule two:  without alternative, use yourself as a shield.
What about rule one:  never let the person you are protecting out of your sight!
You're talking about committing suicide!
Because I'll be firing at them.
They probably have guards on the roof--and they're gonna be firing at me--not you! ATKINS What makes you so sure?
What are you talking about?
I'm going first.  Taking the fire. If we go out together we're all dead!
There's the fence...
Now what?
Used to Filmore, used to.
You're a lot like my father, Cooper... you think with your heart.
By the time I got back to the party our ambassador was face-down, in a bed of bloody azaleas.
What happened?
I drew my gun, ran in the direction of the cries...violating the first rule of service...I let the Ambass- ador out of my sight.
Yeah?...
Cooper...
No but you didn't defend him either! Didn't want to rock the boat.  Guess the ride was too smooth. FILMORE I was acting under legal counsel!
Let me tell you something Cooper! I never once bad-mouthed him during all those months--
What do you think?
What's that supposed to mean?
After Leizburg, he stuck his neck out to defend me.  He's loyal to the end. Even if it's not--politically correct at the time.
What do you mean?
You should listen your old man more often.  He's got principles.
He's a very stubborn man sometimes...
I wasn't angry with you I was angry with him.
Forget about it.
What happened!
Let's move it we got company!
Yeah and we don't have much ammo either!
We don't have time!
--be prepared.
We're outta here--
What now?
Who's got matches?
What are we going to do!
Just the soda, please. Cooper heads down the hall.  Filmore watches him leave, sighs, then turns and smiles at the General manager:
Anything else?  Maybe a sandwich?
Look Cooper I don't care what my father says, if you embarrass me here you're going to regret it, understand?
I'm not arguing.  I'm just telling you what the deal is--Congresswoman.
Just get me a coke and don't argue with me, OK?
If you're working for me you're going to do what I tell you.
I gotta keep you alive--it's in my contract.
What are you going to do, Cooper, throw yourself on a Bunsen burner? It's a bunch of businessmen touring a lab.  We'll be out in no time.
I said I'll lead.
Why? Are we going dancing?
I'll lead.
The maintenance hatch--it takes us outside the building!
Where does it lead?
That's it!  Up ahead!
We wouldn't have made it out without you. FILMORE Or without you.
It's nothing to worry about.
How's the arm?
Good...
I don't see why they wouldn't be.
Are the labs in operation?
We're on sublevel six.  We'll pass some labs and then we'll hit the stairwell--
How well do you know this place?
Even better.
I have a lighter!
I said I don't want any, goddammit!
I insist...
I don't want any...
Come on, drink up.
Shut up!
You see, it paid off--you broke away from the old guard, congresswoman.  It won't be long till they're calling you Senator Filmore--
Yes, you should.
I suppose...you think I should thank you.
Like where--in your dreams?
I know you're not too happy at this point.  It's too bad we weren't able to meet elsewhere, under different circumstances...
It seems to me we are just sailing away. They haven't sunk us yet, have they? Besides, don't you worry your pretty little head about that.  It's all been taken care of.
You understand that they're watching our every move right now--you think you're just going to sail away?
You got it all backwards, Helen--but that's OK, you work for the government...
You're going to pay for this...
I hope you don't mind all this--it's just that the networks will eat it up, you know...
Hey now!  No cussing on TV!  Well in closing I'd like to say that there are two reasons to have that money outside in an hour.  One is my perky co-anchor here, and the second is the lives of tens of thousands of people--people just like you and me!
Go fuck yourself...
I don't know.  If you gave me a reason to...
Are you going to kill us?
Enjoying the tour so far?
You can't think like that!  We're watching them like a hawk--he's bound to trip up, make one false move--
She's as good as gone...
Looks like Richter isn't acting alone--he's heading into some dangerous waters.
He's in there...
What about Cooper--where is he?
Chemco's been developing nerve gas?
Why the hell didn't you tell us this was at stake!
We have a special forces squadron out of Thailand surrounding the compound as we speak.
Good.
We've prohibited the networks from broadcasting the transmissions.
Well?
The transmission is an hour old...
She's still alive.
Came over the satellite.  We're keeping the bird clear should they call back.
They were probably topping off a docked tanker while he stalled for time--without anyone being the wiser...
What!
He wouldn't take it on the helicopters. He'd transport it through pipelines that connect Chemco to the waterfront...
How much do they have?
Well, it's a binary formula--a precise amount of two separate chemicals must be exposed to the nitrogen in the atmosphere simultaneously for it to work.
What the hell is it, anyhow?
Apparently, this project is--unique. But it's heavily protected--all formulas are heavily codified!
I haven't been briefed on any such thing!
Chemco makes many things senator! We were under government contract!
Mister Myers it is a chemical plant! There are a number of volatile compounds-- but they are safely stored away...
Is there anything in there that can blow?  We have to be ready for any contingency--
I assure you gentlemen if we had something of that magnitude it wouldn't be shelved in a lab somewhere...
What do they have in there that's so valuable?  A cure for AIDS, a cure for cancer?
What do you mean?
So, what are we looking at White?
I don't think you--grasp--the situation, Mr. Myers.
The ball is in Richter's court.  But we're sure as hell not going to sit on our hands while he assassinates people--we're gonna stop the son-of- a-bitch!
And what exactly do they intend to do?
I'll let the senator tell you.
Who's Ryan Cooper?
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
And--of course there is the human cost, which is incalculable.
Chemco is willing to deal with him, meet his demands.  I can have the money there in an hour.
This was taken when Richter was arrested in Washington state, 1985. He was charged with interstate arms trafficking, skipped bail, and has since been a fugitive.
Excellent.
We're almost done piping in directly to the Olympia.  Should have it all in about an hour or so.
What's happening at the waterfront?
You're fucking crazy Richter--you know that?
I want the girl.  I don't care about the rest--but a US congresswoman taken hostage will make for great copy. We'll make headlines all over the world...
What are you so worked up about jack? Fuck 'em--we don't need 'em.
Where the hell could they have gone!
Excellent...excellent!
KZ...7-0...7-0...nine.  It checks out.
Richter-we got a problem!
Something tells me you don't want to be on TV, friend.
I know what I'm here for-you don't need to remind me.
Of course it's codified!  Each number probably corresponds to a compound.  Have them pull every compound from the lab and compare it to the codes till you figure it out--that's what you're here for.
I'm in to the directory but they've codified the stockpile--numerically.
Have you broken it yet?  We've got six more heads and that means six more hours.
We're secured.  Takeover team is in position and accounted for.
How goes the roll call?
The thing weighs more than a ton-- you want to roll up your sleeves and try it?!
Get your men to do it!
We can't--it's power driven!
Drop the anchor!
If I don't get power up we are!
Are we adrift--
You know, when we reach Kompong Som--
Dissent?
Well, there was uh, a little dissent about the amount of the bonus--
Why should I worry?  Is there a problem?
My crew is going to work alongside with your men, don't worry--we're a team!
Captain it would be impossible to turn down such a gracious request.
Are you hungry?  We can discuss some final arrangements over some slop in the galley.
Agreed--let's move it.
I say we head out.
Good.
Gotcha.  We've been filling barrels all day--we've got  hell of a stockpile.
Our traveler's insurance, you know what I mean?
There's enough in one vial...
What does that mean?
They must have got their hands on a test vial!
How much of this shit do they have, White!!
Of the separate chemicals--I don't know, uh, offhand--
We've...been developing a product... KZ 70709.
Just what the hell is he talking about?
Oh, yes, that's right.
Excuse me, Mister President, but you forgot to give me my camera back.
We have many splendidly deep mines in our country.
Goodbye, Mister Ambassador.
And now, Mister President, I must return at once to my embassy to communicate this reassuring news to the Premier.
Don't you realize that despite your incredible distrust and suspicion, that in fact, you place a far greater trust in us than inspection would require?  You trust us not to cause a war accidentally - and, of course, we are obliged to place the same trust in you.
And surely you don't expect us to let you spy in our country before you destroy your weapons.
Surely, you don't expect us to destroy our weapons without being able to verify that you are doing the same?
I know nothing of the sort!
That's nonsense, and you know it!
Bah!  All you wanted to do was spy in our country!
This dreadful accident could never have happened if your government hadn't cynically and hypocritic- ally blocked every proposal we made for disarmament or arms control!!
How dare you talk to me in this manner?
It is very convenient to place all the blame on a dead man.
Damn you, de Sade!  You know as well as I do that this was the act of a mentally sick man - a single individual, whose crack-up can probably be traced to the strains and tensions caused by your country.
Allow me to assure you that my government will not be satisfied with a polite note of regret for this shocking example of aggression against our peace-loving people.
Yes?
The report is entirely untrue.  I can assure you of that.
The source was...shall we say, completely reliable.
That's preposterous!  We have no such program!
But, finally, one factor tipped the scales. We received information from a very re- liable source that your country was going to build one.
First of all, economic reasons.  It was cheap.  The entire project cost just a fraction of what we spent in a single year on our various space and missile programs. It also seemed ideal in most other respects. It was terrifying, convincing, automatic, and extremely simple to understand.
Mister Ambassador, what on earth possessed your country to build this weapon?
It is buried somewhere in the Grudd Mountains.
Where is this...thing?
Our scientists calculated that the detonation of fifty of our biggest nuclear devices, jacketed in Cobalt-Thorium-G would enshroud the earth in a hundred years of lethal radio- activity from which no human life could escape. In ten months the Earth would be as dead as the Moon.
Well, it has been explained to me that, if you add a thick Cobalt-Thorium-G jacket to a nuclear device, the radio- activity resulting from such a nuclear explosion will retain its lethal power for a hundred years.
I'll hold this, if you don't mind.  You can have it back when you leave.
I am sorry.  Sub-miniature photography is my hobby.  It's amazing what excellent en- largements you can make from the negative.
What's the meaning of this?
Did you get that, Kulnick?
If he's not there, try...  87 - 43 - 56.
At his office in the Capitol.
Where are you trying to reach him?
Yes, of course.
I have your word, Mister President?
Don't be ridiculous.
The food - you wouldn't put - anything in it, would you?
Now, Mister Ambassador.  In a very few moments we should have Premier Belch on the phone.  I intend to tell him exactly what has happened.  I merely want you to authenticate certain facts for him.
Thank you, Admiral.
Moffo!
Possibly some coffee?
Certainly - how about some breakfast?
Can I have a glass of water?
All right, Mister Ambassador!  But you must treat General "Buck" Schmuck with the respect due him.
War-mongering bully!  Don't think you're going to intimidate me!
You will not get away with this vicious attack on our peace-loving people.
Please be calm, Ambassador De Sade.
One, two...  three, four...  five...  Why you, dirty, stinking...
That's right, fella.
My seven body orifices????
See!  See, I told you.
Please, Mister President, I am extremely shy and do not wish to endure this sort of personal humiliation.  Here is the only other camera I have left. 
It's not a he, General.  It was an article in the "Times" about a year and a half ago.
You mean you'll tell us his name???
Perhaps you gentlemen would like to check with the source?
Ah, but if we were able to untrigger it, that would be defeating its purpose.  All our enemies would have to do, would be to warn us in advance that they were going to violate one of our unalterable triggering conditions. We would bluff, naturally, but in the end we would be insane not to untrigger it. Now we can say: There is no point trying to intimidate us, we don't control the Doomsday Machine.
Then all you have to do is untrigger it.
You're absolutely right.  We wouldn't.  No sane nation ever would.  That's why it was designed to trigger itself automatically.
Mister President, I can't buy this malarkey; they wouldn't set the damn thing off.  Why should they?
Naturally.  It would kill us just as surely even if we set it off in your country.  But this way we know it's safe, and we don't have the problem of delivering it.
Do you mean to say you'd set it off in your own country?
What do you think of this, Mister President?  I told you we shouldn't let him in here.
Give that back to me.
I caught you red-handed, Mister Ambassador.
Don't you dare touch me!  What the devil do you think you're doing?
Mister President, are you going to let this stooge talk to you like this?
Premier Belch will not be fooled by this fantastic lie.
Who the hell do you think you are, sir???
Now, snap out of it, fella!
It might still be worth trying Riki-Tiki- Tavi.  R...T...T...There's only three combinations of -- T...T...R, or T...R...T...
Get a grip on yourself, Major!
The three-letter code group.  Or maybe some combination of the three letters. P...O...E, or P...E...O, or E...O...P... let's see, there would be six possible combinations.
What are you talking about, Major?
I think that just might be it!  Although it could be Riki-Tiki-Tavi.
Why are you saying that phrase over and over again?
Come in...come in... Peace On Earth... Peace On Earth...yes...
Major?...Major?  I'm Colonel "Bat" Guano, 701 Battalion.
Colonel, remember, a reprimand from the President can be pretty serious to a career officer...Just a second, operator, I know I have it somewhere.
That's government property, Major.
Operator...How much would the call be station-to-station?...Thirty-five cents cheaper?...I'd still be short twenty cents ...Just a second, operator...  Colonel, shoot the lock off the Coke machine.  There's bound to be enough change in there.
Well, I'm General Ripper's Executive officer. He'll want to talk to me.
So what?
He wanted to talk to General Ripper, didn't he?
What about the President?
Wait a minute.  The President!!  That's it! The President!!!
You've wasted enough of my time, fella.
Okay, Colonel.  But look, there's a pay phone just outside in the hall.  Maybe that works, huh?  Maybe it'll work?  What do you think?
On your feet, fella.  I've got to get outside and see how my men are.
Look, Colonel.  Maybe it's too late. Maybe they've sent Air Command in already.  But we've got to try to con- tact somebody.
Now look, I'm picking up this ordinary telephone.  See?...Hello?...Hello?... Nuts, the lines must still be disconnected.  The General had us disconnect... 
Sure...sure, Colonel.  Now look, I'm picking up the phone...nice and slow.  Right?...Hello? ...Hello?  Hello?...Hello?...Gee, it must be edad. Probably the lines were hit during the fighting.
Okay, fella.  But just move slow and don't do anything that might surprise me.
Look, Colonel.  You keep me covered, but let me just pick up this red telephone that connects to Air Command headquarters. Okay?...I won't play any tricks on you... Okay?
They told me, Major.  And I didn't hear anything about any atomic attack.
Didn't they tell you?
You must think I'm an awful sap, Major.  Just sit down, fella, and keep your hands on the desk!
Look, General Ripper went off his rocker and ordered the 843rd Bomb Wing to attack with H-bombs.
Sure I do.  There was some kind of mutiny on the base, and you killed General Ripper.
Colonel, don't you know what's going on?
Don't worry, Major.  Your rights will be fully protected.
Look, Colonel.  I've got to talk to somebody at Air Command.
We'll have to leave that up to the C.I.D. boys, won't we, Major?
Look, I didn't shoot him!
What happened, Major?  Some kind of private beef between the two of you?
What?
Do you have any witnesses, Major?
Well, you can't do that because he's dead.
I did that for your own good, fella.  Now I'm not going to pull rank on you.  When this is over, I'll be happy to step outside with you and settle this thing.  Right now my orders are to locate General Ripper and put him on the phone with the President.
Now look here, Miss Pietraszkiewicz, this is Air Command Headquarters calling.
Ceida Pietraszkiewicz...P...I...E... T...R...A...S...Z...K...I...E...W... I...C...Z.
What did you say?
Ceida Pietraszkiewicz.
What is your name, young lady?
I'm sorry, sir.  General Schmuck is asleep and he isn't taking calls until eight-thirty.
Well, that's the funny part of it, too, sir.  It doesn't show a damned thing.
Does the threat board show anything?
I know it sounds crazy, sir, but we tried, and nobody answers any of the telephones.
Well, that's ridiculous.  If the teleprinter and radio links are out of order, just pick up a phone and pay for a call.
Then why bother me with this nonsense? Get in touch with the base commander.
No, sir.
Colonel, you're not drunk, are you, man?
General Schmuck, we monitored a trans- mission about six minutes ago from Burpelson Air Force Base, HQ 843rd Wing.  It was apparently directed to their Wing on air- borne alert.  It decoded as - Wing attack, Plan-R.
I didn't say anything.  What's the meaning of disturbing me at this hour, Colonel?
What did you say, sir?
Go back to sleep, baby.
Yes!  Who the hell is this?
General Schmuck?
Yes!
I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to take the film out.
Just a second, sir.  He's got films of the War Room in that thing!
Buck, when I told you to give them right up to the top, you said we couldn't insult a general officer by asking him to pass a test to see if he's a psycho.
Be fair, Mister President.  Didn't we initiate the Human Reliability tests for all personnel handling nuclear weapons?
Damn it!  Damn it!  I've been telling you all for years you've got too damned many psychoes in the service.
Not exactly, sir.  You see, Colonel Puntrich at Air Command HQ received a call from him about twenty minutes ago.  He asked General Ripper if he had issued the Go-code and the attack order, and General Ripper said:  "Sure, the orders came from me.  They're on their way in, and I advise you to get the rest of Air Command in after them. My boys will give you the best kind of start, and you sure as hell won't stop them now."  Then he hung up.
You aren't sure!
To be perfectly honest, Mister President, we really aren't sure.
May I be stupid enough to inquire WHY IN HELL THE BASE COMMANDER OF THE 843d BOMB WING DID A THING LIKE THAT ???
Yes, sir.  He issued attack orders to --
General Schmuck?
Well, sir, about forty-six minutes ago one of my base commanders, General Jack D. Ripper, sent out attack orders to the thirty-four B-90's of the 843rd Bomb Wing, under his command.
What kind of trouble?
Well, Mister President.
Yes, sir.
I want him upped to Brigadier General, and recomended for the D.S.C.
I didn't speak to him, sir.  But Colonel "Bat" Guano was in command of the Special Service battalion, so I would imagine he did.
That certainly would be a problem, sir.
What do you suppose is going to happen if General Ripper's planes start bombing their targets?
But that would mean some of our own boys will get hurt, Mister President.
You see, you knew the answer all the time, General.
Well...I suppose penetrate the base by force.
Under the circumstances, General, what would you think they should do?
Thank you, sir.  But what shall I tell them to do if they are denied entrance?
That's a very wise deduction, General.
Well, sir, they may not allow the Special Service troops to enter the base.
I am aware of what a condition red alert implies.
Under a condition red alert, the base will probably be sealed off and defended by the base security troops.
Yes?
Yes, sir.  One thing, Mister President.
And lastly, all privately owned radios are to be immediately impounded.  They can be used to issue instructions to saboteurs. Air Police will have lists of all owners.
Yes, sir.
Now, as soon as you've done that, double- up on all base security teams.  Our enemies are plenty smart, and there might even be an attack on the base by saboteurs.
Thank you, sir.
You're a good officer, Major, and you're perfectly right to bring these facts to my attention.
No, sir.  I'm just bringing the facts to your attention, sir.
Are you questioning my orders, Major?
General Ripper, if I shut down the communi- cations center, there'll be no radio or teleprinter contact with Air Command head- quarters or anyone, for that matter.
As soon as you've done that, shut down the communications center.  Lock it up and assign the personnel to base security details.
No, sir.  Plan-R to be radioed to the Wing.
Are you hard of hearing, Major?
Plan-R????
I hope not.  Now, as soon as you do what I told you, have Plan-R radioed to the Wing.
No, sir.
Are you trying to be insubordinate?
To you, sir.  But how do I know?
Who do you think you're talking to?
Yes, sir.  I just thought of something, sir.  How do I know I'm talking to you now?
No calls at all.  With or without my say-so. My voice can be imitated too, Major.
I understand, sir.  Nothing comes or goes without your personal say-so.
No calls from inside out.  No calls from outside in are even answered.  No calls.
You're right, sir.
We don't want to be vulnerable to saboteurs calling up and pretending to be different people from the President down, do we?
That's right, sir.
Let me worry about that, Major. I've still got my red line to the Air Command.
Yes, sir.
Major, that's all I've been told.  Just got it on the red phone.  The base is to be sealed tight.  And I mean tight.
But...what kind of a shooting war?  Have they hit any of our cities yet?
Yes, Major.  This looks like it's going to be it.
A shooting war!
You're a good officer, Major Mandrake.  You have a right to know.  It looks like we're in a shooting war!
Yes, sir.  What's up, General Ripper?
That's right.  I want this flashed to all section immediately.
Condition Red!
All right, Major.  I'm putting the base on condition Red.
Yes, sir.
Good.  Has the Wing confirmed holding at X-points?
No, sir.
Youddon't think I'd ask if you recognized my voice unless it was important, do you, Major?
I don't know, sir. We just spoke a few minutes ago.
Why do you think I ask?
Certainly, General.  Why do you ask, sir?
Do you recognize my voice?
Yes, sir.
This is General Ripper speaking.
Combat Operations Center, Major Mandrake speaking.
Major, I happen to believe in a life after this one, so I believe I will have to answer for what I have done.  I think I can.
General, now that you've done that, I beg you to recall the Wing.
Peace on earth.
To peace on earth, Major.
Yes, sir.  Why don't you stop the fighting, sir?
Major, those are my boys out there dying.
Major, I hate to say this, but I think you've been enemy indoctrinated, and you don't even know it.
Look, sir.  I'm no expert on the subject, but I've read some pretty sharp ideas the big boys have.  Like, say, both countries agreeing to a million dollar reward and international protection for anyone who gives evidence of cheating to the inspectors. You can't hide those things without a lot of people knowing about it.  And if I were going to try and hide a few, I wouldn't want to depend on the fact that some poor slob isn't going to run and blab for a million bucks.  We're as smart as they are, and if they cheat, or even hold back information, we'd pull right out.
Do you think they would cheat?
No, sir.  I'm sure we wouldn't.
Do you think we'd cheat?
General, what's good enough for the President and all the experts he's got working on the thing, is good enough for me.
And you'd like to see that?
If they gave us what we think we need, yes, I guess we would.
But if they suddenly opened up and gave us the inspection we want, we'd agree, wouldn't we?
But, General, we're on our toes.  We haven't agreed to anything for years.  Inffact, a a lot of people say we never will.
I'll tell you what I do think.  If they say they're for disarmament, I say anyone who says they're for disarmament is either a traitor or a damned fool.
Don't you think he knows something about this, General Ripper?
Don't be offended, Major.  Our President holds the same views.
Well, I'm not, sir.  Honestly, sir.
Major, you're talking like one of them!
Gee, sir, that last remark doesn't exactly make all the sense in the world.
No, Major, I don't.  They have no regard for human life.  They wouldn't care if they lost their whole country as long as they won.
Well, for the same reasons we do, sir. Don't you see?
I still ask, why do they want disarmament?
Well, sir, I remember an example that pointed out that if a system was safe on 99.99% of the days of the year, given average luck it would fail in thirty years.
Go on, Major.  You fascinate me.
That's right, sir.  And don't forget in a few years a lot of other countries will have the bomb.  What if they start something?
I've heard the arguments.  Like Napoleon's quote, "There's one thing you can't do with a bayonet, and that's - sit on it."
I was just going to say, as long as the weapons exist, sooner or later something's going to happen -- and that'll be it for both countries.
Go on, Major.
Well, sir, like I said, for the same reasons we do.  I mean, all the experts say the most likely way for War to start nowadays is by an accident, or a mistake, or by some mentally unbalanced person -- 
Then don't you realize the Bomb gives us Peace not War?  And, if that's the case, I ask you again: Why do they want disarmament?
Right.
But war doesn't make sense precisely because the weapons can kill an entire country -- right?
I don't know, sir.  But they're just as anxious to avoid a nuclear war as we are. War just doesn't make sense any more, for anybody.
But we mean it because we are a peace- loving country.  Are they a peace-loving country, Major.
Yes, sir.  But so do we.
You're very naive, Major.  Don't they say they want disarmament?
And I guess they won't until they agree to let us inspect inside their country.
Not yet, Major.  Not yet.
Well, I know they've been going on for years, and they haven't gotten any place.
Where?  Everywhere, Major.  Everywhere.
Where, sir?
Major Mandrake, I guess you don't follow what's going on too closely, do you?
But if you just let things alone, we wouldn't lose anyone.
You're absolutely right.  You forgot to mention their nuclear subs.  But it wouldn't matter. Sure we wouldn't get off without getting our hair mussed, but we'd prevail.  I don't think we'd lose more than fifty million people, tops.
But even then, we wouldn't get everything.  I mean some missiles would abort, or they'd miss their targets, or maybe the enemy have some secret bases we don't know about.
I know so, Major.  I know so.  And add to that, the whole Air Command force being committed to clobber everything they've got.
I guess so.
Our missiles would impact before my planes were even discovered by the enemy, wouldn't they?
I suppose we might catch them off their guard.
You're being dense, Major.  I certainly don't
But then why do you want to kill a hundred and sixty million of our people, sir?
That's close enough, Major.
Well, I think I remember reading the report on that.  Wasn't it something like a hundred and sixty million?
If we haven't taken any further action, they certainly will.  Doyyourhappen to remember the statistics on our casualties in the event of a full-scale enemy attack?
But when they do, sir, won't they hit back with everything they've got?
You see, Major, at this very moment, while we sit and chat, a decision is being made by the President in the War Room.  He knows that the enemy will pick up our planes on their radar in about twenty minutes.
I'm trying to, sir.
When he said it, fifty years ago, he might have been right.  But today, war is too important to be left to the politicians. Do you follow me, Major?
I see.
He said war was too important a matter to be left to Generals.
I don't think so, sir.
Do you remember what Clemenceau once said about war?
No, sir.  I mean I didn't think you hadn't given it a lot of thought.
I've given it alot of thought, Major.  Don't think I haven't.
Well, General -- I was wondering, why are you doing this?  I mean why do you want to start the war?
Ask away, Major.
General Ripper, can I ask another question?
To peace on earth.
What shall we drink to, sir?
Perfect.  Thank you, Major.  And now let's drink a toast.
That about right?
Just a squirt.
How much soda, sir.
You're damned right they are.
I suppose they are, sir.
We've come a long way since World War II, Major.  And the lessons we've learned are all in Plan-R.
I know that, sir.
Don't fret about it, Major.  There's nothing anyone can do about it now.  I'm the only one who knows the three-letter code group for the CRM-114.
Perhaps, Major.  Perhaps.  Pour me a scotch and soda, please.  And help yourself to whatever you like.
But -- why...that would be an awful thing to do, sir.
Suppose that were the case?
Because I thought it proper, Major.  Why else would you think I'd do it?
But then, sir, why have you issued the order: Wing attack, Plan-R?
And if that were true?
Well, I was thinking, maybe an enemy attack is not in progress?
That's a good question, Major.  Maybe if you think hard, you can think of the answer yourself.
Well, sir, I was thinking, if an enemy attack is in progress, how come the radio's still playing music?  It's supposed to go off, and all we should hear are Civil Defense broadcasts.
You know the regulations well, Major.
And a condition red means enemy attack in progress, doesn't it?
That is correct, Major.
Well, General Ripper, sir -- I was thinking -- we're on a condition red, aren't we?
Certainly, Major Mandrake.  You're a good officer, and you can ask me a question any time you want to.
Yes, sir.  General, can I ask a question?
I didn't mean for anyone to play anyone else's radio either, Major.
Oh, it's not my radio, sir.  I picked it up in the communications center.
I see you're playing your radio, Major. Isn't that contrary to my instructions for the personnel of this base?
That's right, Major.
Sort of like a new hobby, huh, General?
Please don't take any notice of this weapon, Major.  I love all weapons, and as of late, I've just taken to keeping a loaded weapon nearby at all times.
What's the gun for, General Ripper?
Zlat, make sure the secret service boys care- fully search his seven body orifices.
You've lied to me twice - I'm sorry, but it will be strictly routine.  These men are experts.
Well, sir, if the A/C's a really good man, I mean really sharp, why he can barrel that plane along so low - well you just have to see it some time.  A real big plane, like a Sting Ray, zig-zagging in, its jet exhaust frying chickens in the barnyard ---  Has he a chance?.....Hell, yes!  He has one hell of a chance.
General, stick to the point, please.
If I can speak freely, sir -- look, these guys talk big, but frankly, we think they're short of know-how.  You can't just take a bunch of ignorant peasants and expect them to understand a machine like one of our boys, and I don't mean that as an insult, Mister Ambassador.  Hell, we all know what kind of guts your people have.  Why just look how many millions of 'em those Nazis  killed and, hell, they still wouldn't quit.
Is there any chance a single aircraft can penetrate the entire enemy Air Defense, when its course and target are known?
Well, the Premier doped it out pretty well. Its primary is their missile base at Laputa.
What's the target.
Yes, sir.  We're still sending it.  But it's a funny thing we don't seem to be able to make any contact with the aircraft at all.
Have you tried the recall again?
Well, sir, it looks like one aircraft, the "Leper Colony", failed to receive the recall.
Yes?
Well, just common sense, sir.  Thirty from thirty-four equals four, or my name's not "Buck" Schmuck!
How do you know they were shot down, Buck?
Hello, are you still there?...Uh-huh...I'll be right back.  We're still working this thing out.
Mister President, there were thirty-four aircraft involved.  Thirty acknowledged the recall.  That makes four shot down.
Look, he's there, and you're here.
Well, if you choose to take his word over mine ---
He says they've only shot down three planes.
Naturally I am, sir.
General Schmuck, are you positive of your figures?
General Faceman, what was the name of the officer who called me from Burpelson?
I'm not certain, Mister President.  But I believe it was four.
How many planes did we lose?
I believe it will be just a few minutes, at the most.
I'm not certain, Mister President.  The boys in CONCOM do the pencil work.
How long will it take to receive them all?
They're coming in now.
Have you received acknowledgements from every plane?
Knock it off will you, General?  Crudley, find out what's holding up that call!
We don't operate like you KGB boys.
That's the idea, General Schmuck.  Zlat!
But he'll hear everything we're saying.  And if he just looks out of that window, he'll see everything we're doing. 
Admiral Buldike?
I don't think that's a fair analogy, sir.
But we can't communicate with the base.
I want to talk to General Ripper.
General Jack D. Ripper, sir.
I should say practically none, though we have our communications center plowing through every possible three-letter combination. The trouble is that there are about seventeen thousand permutations, and it will take us approximately four and a half days to go through them all.
Then there's no chance for recall?
Mister President, I know you think I've let you down, but we had to have a Plan-R.  If we completely centralized the command and control, all a potential aggressor would have to worry about was knock- ing out maybe half a dozen headquarters and the Capitol, and we'd be out of business. We'd have planes and missiles just sitting there while we were getting clobbered.
How could you let this happen, General Schmuck?
We estimate the planes should be entering their coastal radar cover in about twenty-five min- utes.
How soon until the enemy finds out what's going on?
Mister President, to guard against espionage, the three letter of the code group for Plan-R are always selected by the lower echelon commander himself, just before each mission.  They are sealed in the various attack plans and are known only to the lower echelon commander and his deputy.  In this case the deputy is air-borne with the Wing, and General Ripper refuses to recall the planes.
And I suppose you're going to tell me you don't know what the three-letter code is.
Once the orders have been given, Plan-R requires any new orders to be received on the CRM-114 in the aircraft.  But the CRM-114 will not receive any transmissions unless they are preceded by the proper three-letter code group.
Why can't you cancel it?
Well, sir, Plan-R is an emergency plan to be used by lower echelon commanders if higher echelons have been knocked out by a sneak attack.
What the hell is Plan-R?
Yes, sir.  The base commander, General Ripper, selected Plan-R?
And I suppose there's some reason why you haven't recalled them?
That's right, sir.  But the planes were at their Positive Control points, ready to turn around when General Ripper issued the final Go-code.
Well, what about the Positive Control, the safety catch?  Don't the planes automatically come back unless they get a second order?
I'm afraid so, Mister Presient. Being part of the air-borne alert, each plane is carrying a full load - about fifty megatons apiece.
I presume the planes are armed?
It was a honest mistake, sir.
Can't help it.  What's the wind like?
You know what that'll do to our fuel consumption.
Give me revs for maximum speed at sea level.
All right...we're still flying.  I'm taking her down to the deck.
I don't think so.
Thanks, Binky.  Can you see Bromdingna Island yet?
We should be crossing the coast in about six minutes.
Lothar, take your checks now.
Roger, maintain.
Roger. One-three-eight.
I've got the heading, Major.  One-three-eight.
Roughly, one-zero-five. I'll have it plotted in a minute, Major Kong.
Give me a first rough course as soon as you can, Lieutenant Ballmuff.
No, they wouldn't send us in with bombs on an exercise.
Yeah, to see if we're on our toes.
Fifteen!  Twelve o' clock.
Maximum ECM.
The dirty, stinking, rotten, sons of B's!! They might have clobbered Marge and the
He's right.  They must have clobbered some of our cities already.
They must have clobbered some of our cities already!
He's right.  We wouldn't have started it.
Maybe it's an exercise.
What else could it be?
Sure, I'll take her up right now.
Could you take her up right now, King?  Other- wise we'll get kind of close to the fireball.
Sure, I'll take her up to eight hundred.
Well, listen, King.  Could you take her up to about eight hundred?  That'll help you come in at a nice down-angle, and it'll give us a chance for our chutes to open.
Hey, Terry, I'm hit.
Sorry, King.  My leg's stiff as a board.
Hang on, boys.
I think they mean business.
If they come down low enough to make a firing pass, they'll never be able to pull up in time.
They're moving apart.
They can't touch us at this height.
Must be Mach two-five stuff.  Altitude fifteen thousand.
They must have made a visual contact.
Fighters closing fast - range fifty miles.
Roger.
Look, can't someone help me?
Lieutenant Quiffer, we're all sorry you were hit, and we'll help you stick it together as soon as we get squared away.
Look, I'm shot - it hurts.
Come on, Quentin, isn't that pretty selfish, putting yourself ahead of the mission?
Why can't he help me now?  He's sitting two feet away from me!
Lieutenant Toejam, why don't you help him?
Yeah, I got it in the thigh.
We'll worry about that later.  Okay, I'll take damage reports.
Shouldn't be bad.  Might even help.  But my guess is we're going to have to paddle our way back.
Maximum ECM!
Twenty!  Twelve o' clock.
Thirty-five, still straight.
Call them every five miles.
Between Mach 3 and 4.
Speed?
Forty-five.  Still coming straight and fast. Twelve o' clock.
They must have been fired from Bromdingna - probably one of their new Vampire - 202's. They've got a range well over a hundred miles.
Just the missiles.
Roger, keep calling them.  Knock off auto-pilot, Ace.
Missiles!  Sixty miles off, heading in fast.  Steady track, they look like beam riders.
Zombies set to knock out local air defense four hundred miles from primary.
Check.
Missile and plane flight path computer showing four greens.
Check.
Main interference linked to electronic detector.  Fight interference on readi- ness state.
A through H is correct.
Forget it, Quentin.  It can happen to the best of us.  Now let's get squared away.
I'm sorry, Major Kong.  I guess I was way out of line.
War?
War.
What?
Then this is it.
Skip it and jump, damn you!  This flak's so close, I can smell it.
Listen, King, old buddy.  On behalf---
Forget it.
Gee, we hate to leave you like this, Major Kong.  But there isn't anything we can really accomplish by sticking around.
Very interesting.
Yep, it's the CRM-114 code, all right.
Let's see...International Morse, I think ...K...E...O...P...E...R...E...C...A...L... L...M...I...S...T...A...K...E...O...P...E... Gee, I don't know, it seems to be some kind of code.
No kidding.
Some kind of signaling.
What does it look like?
Damn you, Lieutenant Toejam!  Lothar!
Where'd they get you?
Listen, I think I'm hit bad.
So am I.
Lieutenant Toejam's going to help you in a minute.  Can you check your ECM?
I thought I should check out the damage first. My gear is busted up pretty bad.
Primary arming switch.
Primary arming switch.
Ready, Major.
Lieutenant Toejam, are you ready for Bim and Bam?
Primary target the ICBM base at Laputa. One weapon fused for air burst at ten thou- sand.  Second weapon to be used if first malfunctions.  Otherwise the secondary gets it - the airfield outside of Karnak.  Fused air burst at ten thousand.
Roger, I'm setting up the CRM-114.
Okay.  Check these points.  Complete radio silence.  To ensure that the enemy can't plant false transmissions and fake orders, the CRM-114 is to be switched into all receiver circuits.  The three code letters of the period are to be set on the alphabet dials of the CRM-114, which will in turn block any transmissions other than those preceded by the code letters. You got it?
Yeah, it sure looks like the real thing, all right.
No, this looks like the real thing.
That's what I'm doing, and it comes out the same.
Check your code again.  No one at base would pull a stunt like that, Terry.
Wing attack, Plan-R.  That's exactly what it says.
I just got another blast on the CRM-114, and the damned thing decodes: Wing Attack, Plan-R.
Yeah?
Hey, King.  Somebody at Burpelson has a very perverted sense of humor.
Well, I just wanted you to know how I felt. Hell, I know Air Command wouldn't have taken you if you weren't okay.  And don't think I don't know some of our best ball-players and entertainers are of Negro descent.
Sure, King.
I just wanted you to know I didn't mean anything by it.
Forget it.
Listen, Lothar.  You know that crack I made about your...butt?
Thanks, King.  I've always wanted to take one of these big babies in.
I'd be mighty proud if you did, Lothar.
King, would you mind if I keep me hands on the wheel when you take her in?
I thought maybe you'd like some company.
Now what the hell did you want to go and do a thing like that for, Lothar?
I thought I'd go along for the ride.
What the hell are you doing here, Lothar?
We're on course, Major.  Just fixed our position on that river back there.
Roger.
Well, it would probably help if you took it ...sort of...straight down.
Would it matter if they hit at a flat angle? I mean, do you think the deuterium mass might separate from the atomic trigger?
I think it's okay, King.  They should go off on impact.
There's no other way, boys.  I'm going to have to take her in...the hard way.
Let me check.
There's no other way, Lothar.  Can you re-arm the bombs for impact?
But how are we going to drop the bombs if the doors won't ---  Hey, King....you're not thinking of --- You don't mean you'd --- ???
I asked you a question, Lothar!
But I TOLD YOU, I don't think we can get the bomb bay doors open.
Lothar, can you arm the bombs for impact?
I tried everything.  Something must have gotten bent or twisted from the pounding we took.
Have you tried the emergency system?
But I get a red light.
Maybe the warning system's out.
Well, I can't get out and look, King.  But I don't get a green light.
Are you sure?
Well, I hate to say this, but I think the bomb bay doors are stuck.
I'm okay.  What's up?
It's me - Lothar.  Are you okay?
Who's that?
Forget it.  Okay, team, let's break it up and get ready for the kick-off.
Sorry, King.
First lesson in War College:  Never under- estimate your enemy.
You're giving them an awful lot of credit for being on the ball.
We crossed the coast over an hour ago. Okay?
Okay, how do we know they didn't shoot down one of our planes and torture the crew?  How do we know that?
Come on, King.  That doesn't make sense.
Nobody's loyalty is beyond question.  Besides, how do we know one of his staff didn't see it?
But the code is made up by General Ripper, and he's the only one left at the base who would know the code.
There are plenty of traitors and spies running around loose.
Then get off my back!
Take it easy, Major Kong.
Lieutentant Zogg, how would you like your black butt slung into a General Court Martial when we get back???
Look, King, maybe you've lost too much blood, or something.
I said that's the point!
I don't get you, King.
That's the point.
Right.  So how could we get any messages?
The CRM-114 is smashed, right?
Like hell it does.
Then that settles it, doesn't it?
But the CRM-114 has been smashed for almost an hour.
Our orders warn us to expect the enemy to use ingenuity in issuing contrary and confusing orders.  And therefore, to disregard anything that doesn't come on the CRM-114.
Look, this is different.
Lieutenant Zogg, what do our orders say about the authentication of orders during an attack mission?
How the hell do I know?  Maybe the war's over.
Why should they call us back?
They must have gotten it from the base. No one else would know it.
You tell me.
Wait a minute, Major.  "OPE," that's the recall code.  Where would they get that?
Well, we sure as hell aren't going home just because the enemy tells us to.
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
I mean pulling a stunt like that.
What do you mean?
You sure have to hand it to those guys.
No, I think it means, "Recall period Mistake," and the OPE is probably the CRM-114 code. Terry?
Recall what mistake?
No, look!  It's "OPE - Recall Mistake."
Quentin, how's your gear?
I don't know what we got left besides Bim and Bam.
Listen, give me a shot quick!
He's dead, all right.
Hell, he looks dead.
How do you know he's dead?
In the back...feels like an arrowhead.
Where'd they get you?
Sure!  Sure, I'm on my way.
I bit his jugular vein.  Now will you shut up and get up here???
What happened?
He's dead.
Can't "Ace" help you?
Lothar, get up here fast, and bring your First- Aid kit!  I'm hit kinda bad, I think.
Yes, Major.
Binky?
Everything still checks out okay.
Let's have a rundown on the damage, Lothar?
Master safety on.
All right, Lothat, that does it.  Master safety on now until bomb run.
Primary bomb is live.
Master Kong.
Master safety.
Check, ten thousand air burst.
Fusing for ten thousand air burst.
Seond safety.
Second safety.
First safety.
Release first safety.
Primary trigger switch.
Primary circuit is live.
As soon as I've checked over the route. About five minutes.  All right?
When do you want to arm the bomb for the primary, Major?
Check, all bomb circuits green.  Okay, Lothar.
Bomb doors circuit is green, bomb release circuit is green, bomb fusing circuit is green.
Check target approach.
Hellnno, Major.  I was just trying to think the thing through.
Are you saying our order don't make sense?
Well, if they hit us first, they've probably fired off their missiles and got their planes off the ground already.  We'll just be hitting empty real estate.
What's your point, Lothar?
Well, if there's a war, they must have hit us first.
That's what I said.
Our targets are a missile complex and an airfield - not cities, right?
Shoot, Lothar.
I've got one.
In about twenty minutes we start losing height to keep under coastal radar.  Cross in over the coast low-level, continue low- level on zig-zag legs to primary, and climb for bomb run.  Any questions?
Certainly not, sir.  When they go down into the mine, everyone else will still be alive.  They will have no shocking memories, and the prevailing emotion should be one of a nostalgia for those
But, look here, Von Klutz.  Won't this nucleus of survivors be so shocked, grief-stricken, and anguished that they will envy the dead, and indeed, not wish to go on living?
When they emerge, a good deal of present real estate and machine tools will still be recoverable, if they are moth-balled in advance.  I would guess they could then work their way back to our present gross national product within twenty years.
A special committee would have to be appointed to study and recommend the criteria to be employed, but off-hand, I should say that in addition to the factors of youth, health, sexual fertility, intelligence, and a cross-section of necessary skills, it would be absolutely vital that our top government and military men be included, to impart the required principles of leadership and tradition.
But who would be chosen?
It would not be difficult.  Nuclear reactors could provide power almost indefinitely. Greenhouses could maintain plant life. Animals could be bred and slaughtered. A quick survey would have to be made of all the suitable minesites in the country, but I shouldn't be surprised if several hundred thousand of our people could be accomodatedd. Every nation would undoubtedly follow suit.
Mister President, man is an amazingly adaptable creature.  After all, the conditions would be far superior to those, say, of the Nazi concentration camps, where there is ample evidence most of the wretched creatures clung desperately to life.
But they couldn't come out for a hundred years!
In a matter of weeks, sufficient improvements for a dwelling space could be provided.
Yes.  The radioactivity could not penetrate a mine some thousands of feet deep.
At the bottom of mines?
You know, like, like, I would always think, uh, you know, what if I make the wrong move? But maybe there isn't any right move. You know? I mean, look at us. You know, we all dress the same, we all talk the same, we all fuck the same, we all watch the same TV. Nobody's really different, even if they think they're different. "Oh, boy, look at my tattoo, you know?" And see, that's what makes me freak. Because I can do anything I want, as long as I don't care about the result.
Mm-hm.
You know? And it used to scare me so much that I didn't know what was coming in my life.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, but, when I was walking, I realized that he's stuck in that limo all the time. He's stuck with his interviews, he's stuck with his autograph, he has to do whatever his manager tells him to do, you know? He's not free. He's just part of the machine, and if you think about it, freedom's all that there really is.
Well, sure, he's rich and he's famous. He's got everything and you've got nothing.
Well, what it was... I, I don't want to admit it, but, you know, I was jealous of Pony.
Yeah.
We were all riding around and it suddenly hit me what we were doing. We were getting off on the fact that we're in a car teen feet longer than all the rest. And I got out and I just started walking.
It was like hell with windows. You know, there's shit on the walls. Kids my age sucking their thumbs. I mean, every day I would, I'd wake up in my cell and I'd think, my parents put me here. Why? Why? Because I stayed out all night one time. Uh, because I broke the VCR when I was drunk. Because I was out of control. I thought my parents loved me.
It was pretty bad, huh?
Yeah, it would suck big time. I'd kill myself first.
I mean, that would suck if you had to go back to rehab.
No. Oh, maybe. Fuck.
Well, you shouldn't drink. Are you gonna drink?
Uh, ninety days. And now I just have to go once a week. See, I'm rehabilitated.
How long were you in there?
Intense.
Oh, yeah, you had to go to Highgate. That must've been intense.
Rehab. Outpatient. I have to go once a week. It's kind of like AA.
In Group?
Sure, all the time, in Group.
Did you ever hear that saying, "This too shall pass"?
Yeah.
You know, one moment things are so fucked up than you look at it from a totally different angle and it makes sense.
Knock yourself out.
Can I have some?
I don't anymore.
I just walked all the way from Westside to here. I haven't walked that far since junior high. I thought you didn't drink.
Wait. Racism? You don't know anybody who's black!
Um-hm.
"Burger Manifesto, Part One" is gonna make people think?
Mn-hm.
Alright. She told him to meet us here. Fuck.
We are?
I don't know.
Uh, well, what'd she say? Is Pony coming?
Uh, yeah, she should be coming by.
You didn't get me in trouble.
Yeah, I talked to your mom. I think I woke her up. I hope I didn't get you in trouble.
Uh, home, you know.
Tim, he listens to you. Do you think it's a good idea? Seriously?
Typical male.
Typical male.
Typical male.
Yes.
Responsibility, progress.
I stand for something. And I'm trying to communicate something.
Uh-huh.
Why is everything about you, Jeff?
It's called "Burger Manifesto, Part One The Dialectical Expression of Testosterone." Isn't that a great title?
Behind me. I'm making these slides out of these old pictures and paintings and stuff.
Slides go with it.
What did you guys think?
Yeah!
Was it okay?
That was really great.
Okay, whatever you want.
I don't smoke dubes and I don't really hang out. But I'll go back. Okay.
Yeah, we could hang out and smoke a dube, you know?
Now?
Do you wanna go to the van?
I don't know. Waiting, I guess. You know?
Yeah.
Right now?
Mm. Hey, what are you doing now?
Oh, no, it's not. I mean, they're not all totally in a coma. I mean, they know when I'm helping them.
Sounds like a bummer.
Oh, some of 'em. But it's mostly just strokes and shit. I mean, most of 'em just sleep all the time and get kind of yellow. Usually they die id they're, you know, really yellow.
Any gunshot victims?
No, I, you know, I help 'em out. I empty bedpans and bring 'em lunch. That kind of thing.
Your a nurse?
Yeah, I'm a nurse's aide at Mercy.
You can see it. Whenever you want. Don't you, um, work at a hospital or something?
Oh, that's so amazing. I wish I could see it.
I was doing schrooms and I saw this cloud. It looks excellent on tape. The video is like my head and, and everything, you know, is, like, is like in there that I see. You know? Plus, I'm gonna come down here one night and walk around inside the Circle A with the camera and tape shit.
Oh.
Yeah. There was this cloud and I video taped it.
A cloud?
A cloud.
Oh. Well, what's it on?
It's really not about anything.
What's it about?
Yup.
Hey, you said you did a video?
No I quit.
Hey. Do you have a cigarette?
Hey!
Yeah, when's he coming?
Yeah, we all want to see him. So when's he coming?
No, thanks. I don't drink. Um, well, what'd she say? I mean, did she talk to him?
Want a beer?  Is Pony coming?
Alright. 'Bye, Buff.
God, Tim lied to your ass, man. That guy's sad, man. Well, uh, I gotta go, but, uh, listen, if I don't come back, I'll send a video of me surfing. Alright, man? Get some rest. Go with the flow.
No.
See, I wasn't making shit up, man.
Guess not.
Ow! Hey! Get the heck in there!  Hey... Not dead! Definitely not dead!
It's bullshit. Look! Look!
Let's go look, then. Let's go look, then!
Yeah, man.
Oh, really? You wanna go look?
That's bullshit. That's total utter bullshit.
No, no, no.
Bullshit.
Tim killed Erica. Tim's a murderer.
Tim...
Look, Tim confessed to me last night.
She's dead?
She's dead.
What?
Buff...
What she doin' in the van, man?
She's in the van.
Hey, man.
Look.
What?
Erica is in the van back there.
Wait. Hey, man.
No. It didn't, Buff.
Y- s-sure it did.
Buff, you got to stop making shit up. It didn't happen.
Yeah, I saw all of Erica last night, man.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. You saw Erica last night?
No man, she showed up last night at the hotel. We has a great time together. I stayed in her room last night, man. What can I say?
What, they're looking for her?
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to tell you. That chick Erica?
You know?
I know, man.
No, shut up! Look, look, alright, Tim is in trouble.
Oh, and guess who showed up.
Buff, can you listen to me for a second?
But I'd, I'd do it for free. You know, just for my reel.
Buff, listen to me. Could you just-
Because since I'm just starting out, I've got a fresh point of view, and that's good for, you know, marketing, demographics...
No.
No, I know what you're going to say. I don't know anything about making a video. But that's a plus.
Okay, Buff, listen to me for a second alright?
Yeah, we all stayed at the Four Seasons, man. It was party time. Hey, I hung out with Danny, Pony's manager. Really nice guy. We talked about the video. They want a raw look. Something fresh. Danny said if I can capture the reality of Burnfield, it'd make a great tape.
No, look, this is not about Sooze, alright. Wait, wait, wait, wait. She stayed at the Four Seasons last night with Pony?
I feel really bad about that, but I was busy, you know, I mean...
No, no.
Yeah, I should've stuck up for you, man, I know. You're my friend, she's your old lady.
Uh, last night...
Yeah.
Buff, look at me for a second. No, this is serious.
Hey, you know me.
No, I mean, no one.
Sure.
Uh, Buff, I'm, I'm, gonna tell you something and, uh, you got, you got, you gotta promise not to tell anyone, alright?
Good.
No, I'm not worried.
No. Life is too short.
No, I'm not, I'm not worried. I'm not worried.
She was at the Four Seasons last night, man. But you shouldn't worry about that.
No, no, I wasn't trying.
Yeah. Get ahold of Sooze?
No.
Hey. Hey. Are you trying to get a hold of Sooze?
Huh? No, alright. Well, you know what we need? A hot cop of coffee. Hand on. Ohh, hey, I was up all night too, man. A long, long, long night.
No, no.
Hey! Whoa, you look like shit. You been home yet?
In the limo!!!
You know what? Go with him. Just go with him.
Fuck it!
So you can do an album cover?
You know what we should do? Go to the...
... idiot! Open the damn door! Go, go, go, come on!
Go!
So, we're all old friends of Pony's. We go way back to our childhood.
So, do you guys want to do something, go someplace or something like that?
Okay.
A long, long, long...
Okay, okay.
A long, long, long, long, while.
Watch out for that tree.
Yeah, a long while. A long, long while.
I'm saying no, I'm saying after a while it'd wear thin.
Ah!
No, I'm not saying that I wouldn't love it.
Oh, come on, man. Tell me you wouldn't love it!
That sounds so depressing.
Same, more of the same. Yep, just keep doing the same thing all the time, around and around the clock. With an occasional burger or slice of thrown in for our vitamins and energy. Then, instead of watching Gilligan, we'd watch Captain Kirk.
That sounds so great, man. Yes. Yes. Hey, what would you do in the afternoon?
I wouldn't. If I were in his shoes, every morning I'd get up singing, man. Do my work-out, take a shower, followed by a hearty breakfast, steak and eggs, washed down with a pot of hot coffee, six pack of Coors Lite. Then I'd order my bodyguard to go find my babe, who would appear decked out in her all-black leather Victoria Secret custom-made bodysuit. So I'd, like, have to chew off all her clothes until she was completely nude. Except she'd have these amazing dragon tattoos all over her body and pierced nipples with little gold peace signs hanging from 'em. And then she'd take out this half-ounce of blow, we'd snap out a few mondo lines, vaporize a few million brain cells, screw for about an hour, then spend the rest of the morning trashed watching Gilligan.
I'd get bored.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Wait, um, how do you figure that?
You know what? He probably gets bored with all that shit.
Oh, right. Oh, oh my God! Pony, it's so huge!
No, he's not with a girl.
You wanna bet he's with a girl?
Jesus Christ.
Sorry.
Buff, Buff, Buff, Buff, Buff.
Oh, I'll bet you he has a babe with him right out of a triple-x video. Oh, oh, Pony, come on, give it to me! Stud! Oh!
No, no.
That's the rock star thing.
No, I seriously doubt that Pony's gonna be in a limo.
The dude wants it.
Don't let 'em fight.
Yes!
I don't know. Later. I don't know.
Yeah, no, it wasn't even my idea.
Pony's coming here to the corner?!
He's around and, you know, maybe he's coming by. Sooze told him to come by and hang out, whatever. It's no big deal. Me, him, and Sooze are gonna...
But, so, Pony's comin' by here to the corner?
Well, shit! Happy fucking birthday!
Yeah.
It's your birthday?
No, uh, nobody. It's, uh, it's my birthday this week and Sooze's brother might come by to wish me a happy birthday.
You said you didn't want to get stuck with some guy. What guy?
What?
Stuck with what guy?
Shut up! Aw...
Stuck, who? What guy? Huh?
No, no, no, no, I don't wanna be stuck with the guy. I want the tickets.
Where are you-hoo?
No, I'm here. Where are you?
And your mom.
Hey, it's me. No, that's, that's the ultimate liar of liars.
Oh, untrue, Jeffster. I think, uh, two weeks ago we attended a concert where I had fucked two girls.
Your ability to fantasize is only exceeded by your ability to lie.
You should get upset. Everyone should get upset. When, when Hitler was greasing the Jews, people were saying, "Don't get me upset. Your bumming me out." My duty as a human being is to be pissed off. Jesus Christ, not that it makes a difference on the first fucking place. Nothing ever changes, man. Fifty years from now we're all gonna be dead and there'll be new people standing here drinking beer, eating pizza, bitching and moaning about the price of Oreos, and they won't even know we were ever here. And then fifty years after that those suckers will be dust and bones and there'll be all these generations of suckers trying to figure out what they're doing on this fucking planet and they'll all be full of shit. It's all so fucking futile.
Yo, your gettin' me all upset here.
Buff, that slice is the difference between life and death for some half-dead Bangladeshi.
Oh yeah? Oh, how'd you ship it over there, man? Federal Express? Hm? By the time it got there it'd be way cold and coagulated. Total waste. Cheese be stuck to the cardboard.
Needs some pizza in his diet.
Guy should cut down on his caffeine intake.
You know, I should, um, make a video of this place. You know, bring the camera in.
Really?
Hey, wait, where's Bee-Bee? Bee-Bee! Bee-Bee, where'd you go? Did you guys see where she went?
Hey, come on, man! Limo!
Wait, what happened to the tree?
Sure. You make art and you want people to see it.
Play it! Come on!
Come on.
Yeah.
Yeah, right, publicist.
Hey, I'm Sooze.
Jeff! Let's go!
Fuck her! Come on, let's go.
I'm just gonna go. I figure the worst I can do is starve to death.
Ah, you know people there?
Hey.
Hey, man.
Buff, please, would you jus fuck off, okay? Fuck off!
They are old, we are young, they are fast, we are fun.
Really?
Great.
So, how was the ride, kids?
Hey! On behalf of Burnfield, I present to you the keys to the city.
Oh, Pony's band "Dream Girls"? Been on the road opening for "Midnight Hore". Stadiums, man.  Wait, so Pony's coming by here?
Pony? What's a "pony"? You mean that geek who played the folk music at the senior prom? What's that guy's name? Neil Moynihan?
Hey, don't tell us about private property. This is America, my friend.
Come on man.
You're fascist, man. Neofascist.
I don't think I like that guy's attitude at all. Hey, you know what? Take off the blades. I mean it. I'm gonna break your fucking legs. Take 'em off.
It was really nice meeting you, Jeff. If you're ever in L.A., you should come by the offices. I talked to Pony earlier. He said he had a really nice time and he's really looking forward to reading some of your songs.
I will.
You better! Yes!
I can come visit?
Oh, I'll teach you how to surf even if you don't get the gig.
Yup. Hey, um, so, um, listen, man, I got to go show the tape to Danny at the hotel, and if I get the gig, Erica is gonna teach me how to surf in L.A.
Oh, my God, you found it. Thank you so much.  Did you get your tape?
Yeah?
Playing with something really hot. Yeah.
Oh, how did you get burnt-out?
I'm so burnt-out.
Hey! Hey.
Alright, Pony!
Yes! Free concert!
Buff is funny. God.
Buff.
Mm, in a horizontal and wet way!
In what way?
So, then, you're, like, available?
Pony, what would you say our relationship is?
Shit.
Am I fucking him?
Well, that's one way of putting it.
What do you mean? His girlfriend?
Mm. And your like, what else?
Sure I am. It's fun.
Your his publicist?
Yeah.
Oh, you were in the band?
Mm. You know, does he tell you about how, uh, Jeff, Pony, started the band...?
Yeah, he's told me. Burnfield. We all hear about Burnfield.
Ah, that's nice. They have many convenience stores there for you to stand in front of.
Yeah, well, uh, you're not so smart, chief, 'cause I'm moving out to L.A.
Yeah it's okay. You know, we have a saying back home: "Either the salt is rotten or the meat."
You're wife sucks my cock every night, swallows my cum and loves it. That's okay.
You're a drunk and an idiot.
Good. See you later.
In two more years I'll have an engineering degree. We'll sell the store, we'll move away from Burnfield and the store and you standing here.
Um, if you're talking to me, could you make some sense? 'Cause I don't speak Swahili.
I'll tell you what. When I get my engineering degree and I'm swimming in my swimming pool, it will be very fucking okay.
Glad it's okay.
It's okay.
Are you talking to me?
Yeah. Yeah, it's okay for you. It's okay. Enjoy yourself.
Yeah, we're just screwing around. Like Mohammed said. Can't take a joke, man? Hey, I hope you got a permit for that, mama!
Pakeesa? It's okay. Come on. It's okay. Come on, they're just joking around.
No, you don't belong here. We were here before you.
Yes I do. My family owns it. It's ours. You don't belong here.
You stand someplace else, man. You stand someplace else. This is our corner. You don't fucking own it!
Look, look, I'm not joking around now, okay? Come on, let's go, let's go!
Hey, call the cops! Call 'em, call 'em right now, man. Maybe my cousin Jerry will show up. He'll definitely take your word over mine. You can tell him about the trespassing. I'll tell him about how you sell beer to minors.
That's it. That's it! I'm calling the police.
It's safe, come on.
Please!
We're your customers. We're not complaining.
Look, look, look. You gotta go now, okay? The customers complain.
This is private property, my friend.
Hey, we're just having a conversation.
Yo! Your spitting rice all over us! God.
You owe me twenty cents. Come on, seven-twenty. Seven-twenty.
He paid you man.
Hey, hey, seven-twenty. Seven-twenty.
Score! Yeah!
I'll be in the car, okay?
Thanks, man!
Oh, man. Wow. I was never into football, you know?
Hey, play that demo again, man. Alright.
Wait, I'll get you some air.
I didn't want to eat this much, man.
You okay, man? You okay?
A reel?
Yeah!
Yes!
I mean, do you have something I could show my manager? I mean, do you have a reel?
Yeah.
Yeah!
I could.
You could do it.
"Closed, closed, closed." But with your music.
You know what would be cool is, like, to do a music video, you know? But, like, you know, have it set in here. You know, like, like, like, with her and shit. You know, like, you know, like, "Closed, closed, closed, closed, closed, closed."
Oh, yeah, all the time. That's what I do now.
You make videos?
You know? I remember coming here with my parents.
Thanks. See man?
No man.  He's probably the most famous guy that'd ever come in this place. You're lucky he's here.
Come on, man. Sh, sh, sh.
Hey, thanks, man.
Hey, I'm glad you put truth in your song, man. That's important.
No, no, whoa!
Whoa!
Don't drop the guitar, man.
I don't care. I'm gonna drop it. I'm gonna drop it. I'm...
I just started it.
Please.
No, no, no, no, no, it's new.
Well, play it, man.
See, I wrote something about all this. Uh, it, it's a song about...
Yeah, we're all above that.
Oh, So what about her?
Naw, naw, we don't have time for all that.
So tell us, man. Party time, trashin' hotel rooms, babes around the clock?
Oh, thanks. Thanks.
No, but I heard it was great.
Oh, you were there?
Hey, yes! Hey, Pony, man! Great concert tonight!
Okay. We'll go for a ride.
Come on. Inside.
Okay.
Will you stand up for me?
Hey, Gary, how's the divorce comin'?
Alright, get in the car before I have to embarrass you in front of your friend.
Who's going to slow me down? You, you fat pig.
Okay, come on. Time to slow down.
You were a shitty lineman and now your a shitty cop. Yeah, blow me, I'm drunk.
Uh, you know, just admiring the scenery, you know?
What's up guys?
I'm sorry.
Taking care of business.
It's okay. This kind of thing happens. It's just never happened to me. I'm sorry. It's true though. Mm. So, um, what's your TCB tattoo stand for? What's that about?
Hay? Yeah? So teach me a lesson.
No, no, see, you, you don't understand.
Mm-hm. I'm a big girl. I can take care of myself. If I didn't want to be here, I'd be in a limo right now with a bunch of kids looking for Chinese food.
Yeah?
I know. It's okay.
I'm not a nice guy.
That's what I mean.
It's nice to do a lot of things.
We could still talk, you know? It's nice to talk.
It's a mistake to think that.
Deep down. Way down.
Erica. So do you think you and I are alike, Erica?
Erica.
What was your name again?
I mean, what is there to be happy about really? I mean, going to the gym, climbing the StairMaster, eating the yogurt, checking the voice mail. Smoking the low-tar cigarettes, shaving the bikini line. Sometimes I just want something different, you know?
Let's see.
Well, they, uh they were nice enough to sew it back on.
You cut off your little finger?
"It's not a job, it's an adventure." Right? I hated it. I had to get out. So I was working in the kitchen, chopping lettuce, you know, real heroic stuff, and I, uh, I had this big fucking knife and I chopped off the tip of my little finger and three days later I was a free man.
Mm.
Well, I mean, you have to understand I was just this dopey kid mopping floors and kissing officer ass. I mean, well, I enlisted right out of high school. So I just wanted something different in my life.
Really?
You know, it was the biggest mistake of my life.
Mm-mm.
Oh, yeah?
I'd like to.
Now, how the hell would you know what I think? Hm? You don't know me.
You think I'm rich and you hate me.
Military marching bands.
You just seem to know all these things about me and I don't know anything about you, you know. What kind of music do you like?
What about me? I don't have a car.
Yeah. So, what about you?
Mm.
A Porsche.
What'd he get you?
You got everything right but the car. My dad didn't get me a BMW.
And you love him a lot. He bought you a BMW for your birthday, but you finally had to move out and get your own place. I mean, I know, it's time to leave the nest. Parents hate your smoking. You didn't tell them about the abortion. All your friends got boob jobs, you got the tattoo instead. Subscribe to Vaniety Fair.
He is.
He is.
Yes.
He is?
Thinks he is. Well, he is.
Maybe upper-middle-class.
Oh, me too. Middle-class.
No, not really. Middle-class.
You rich?
No, not really. I come from an "area". Bel Air.
So you, like, come from a town like this or...?
Hi.
Hi.
Yeah, totally.  So, uh, what do they interview you about?
It's nice here. It's different.
So you came by to see how the other half lives, huh? Well, here we are, What do you think? Pretty fucking pathetic huh? Kind of like one of those documentaries on educational TV?
Mm-mm.
Erica, you coming?
Thank you.
It's coming along.
It does look good.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's, you know, it's a bed and hot water.
Pony and I are friends.
Um, mother-daughter.
Yeah, she, uh, works for the record company and takes care of interviews and, you know, shit like that, Uh, we were actually just doin' an interview and Erica said she's like to see Burnfield, so...
Nice to meet you Sooze.  Hi, I'm Erica.
Hi, I'm Erica.
Oh, uh, Erica? Erica is the publicist for the band.
Hi.
Funny shit, man.
I'd love to read that.
He wrote this thing about his dick once and he read it in front of the whole class.
Mm.
Short pieces, huh? You should try to write songs.
I love writing. A-Anne Rice? I love Anne Rice.
Oh, yeah, it was a great show.  You guys missed it.
We were?
Oh, you were excellent tonight, Pony.
I mean, we've been playing big places everywhere, but when we did that sound check at The Orpheum, it suddenly hit me. I'm playing The Orpheum, you know? I mean, the last time I played here was, uh, the prom.
Oh, wow.
Jeff, Erica. God, it's so amazing to be back home.
Hi, Jeff. Nice to meet you.
Oh, Erica, this is my friend Jeff.
Great.  Hi. I'm Erica.
Oh, sure.
He says we got to be at the radio station at seven a.m. Can you handle that?
He causes problems. He was here earlier.
Uh-huh.
He's drunk.
Can you tell me what happened?
Always two-fifty, my friend.
Two-fifty? They go up?
Two-fifty.
Come on!
Is that Bee-Bee?
Jeff! Come up here!
Hey, Ma, look at me! Top of the world, Ma!
Tim, can we go? This is ridiculous.
That, that's Indian?
Hey, w-why don't you see if he's hiring, you know? Get an application?
Well, then, there now, why don't you go inside and call the cops and I'll come in there and blow your fucking brains out.
He's got a gun. He's got a gun.
Jeff, stay there.
Just put it down.
No.
Will you just put the gun down?
What about my feelings? What about my fucking feelings? These assholes, they come over here, they know all the answers, right? Well, they don't know shit.
They're just people. Alright? They got feelings, you know?
They never hurt me? They hurt me every day with their attitude. You know, like they even have a right. Who the fuck do they think they are? Let me tell you something, I was born here. Alright? I'm an American. And I'm owed something. Look, they took it from me.
Why, why did you start this in the first place, man? They never hurt you.
This is my home.
Just go home, alright?
Well, what am I supposed to sleep off? My life? You know, I'm supposed to go home and go to sleep and when I wake up, what'll I be, Jeff? A pilot? Maybe a Super Bowl quarterback or, no, maybe a fucking rock star. Right? I don't think so, man.
What are, what are you doing? Look, Tim, just go home. Alright. Go home and sleep it off.
No? Well, I disagree. I think they did. I think they probably went home last night and, you know, kicked off their sandals and had a nice laugh about the drunk on the corner, you know? Makes me sick.
No.
Come on. You don't think that after they called the cops on me, her and Mohammed had a nice laugh?
No.
You don't know?
I don't know.
Hey, you saw that brown bitch point a gun at me last night, man. Did you think she was gonna use it?
The sun hasn't even come up yet and you're drinking.
Good, good. I, I hope he does.
You know, and what are you doing here in the first place, man? He's just gonna call the cops again.
I'm a loser. And I'm drunk. But I'm not gutless.
Oh no, no. You know what? Fuck that. No, you lied to me. You lied to me because you're gutless. You're a gutless, drunken looser.
Oh, Jeff, give me a break. You didn't even have the guts to go look in the van, did you?
Because I care, I'm a fucking fool?
Oh, shit.
Why? Because I give a shit?
Well, you know, all I can say is, you're a fucking fool.
Yes.
Wow. You did that for me?
No, no. That's not the way it is at all. No, I stayed up all night trying to figure out how to protect my best friend. Wait, yeah, no, I was trying to come up with some lie so that you wouldn't have to go to jail for the rest of your life.
You want to know what your problem is, Jeff? You want to believe so bad, you'll buy anything. It's true. Look at you. You're gullible and you're gutless.
You lied to me.
Yeah, of course they let me out. Chickenshits. I gotta pay some class C misdemeanor ticket. So did I call it or did I call it? She spent the night, didn't she? Hm? Oh, that sucks for you, pal. Oh, shit.
They let you out?
Oh fuck.
Go look, man. Go look. Go see for yourself, if you got the guts.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. She's unconscious?
Because I was fucked up, man. I just kept hittin' her till she didn't move anymore.
You hit her? Oh, wait, wait a minute. Why'd you hit her?
I hit her.
What'd you do?
Well, I, you know, I took her to the van, you know. It was goin' all hot and heavy and she started hanging on me, you know? And she started crying, "Tim, Tim, what's the matter? I love you. Don't go!" And I was just looking at her stupid face and her stupid eyes, stupid mouth and I was filled with disgust, man. And I fuckin'... Oh, man, I really...
Well, w-what happened?
That chick, Erica?
What? What'd you do?
No, no. I'm not, I'm not talking about this. I did a bad thing, Jeff.
Oh, no, no, no. This is no big deal, you know? I can come down and, and get you out.
Fuck 'em! Fuck 'em all, man!
No, no, say it like this. Fuck 'em!
Yeah, fuck 'em.
Anarchy, my friend. Fuck 'em. You know what I mean?
What?
Well, it ain't no pup tent in the garage, you know what I mean? Fuck. So they'll talk and talk. They'll probably talk all night. And, oh, they'll decide that they're gonna spend the night together, right? But, you know, they're gonna keep their underwear on and they're not gonna do anything. By six a.m. he's parking the pink Cadillac. Fuck. There's really only one answer.
No.
Yeah. Yeah, no, you're right. It's no big deal, you know. Guy probably has his arm around her right now, holding her close, nudging her titty with his elbow, talking about the deep significance of his music, while she looks up at him with her big brown eyes. In a few minutes they'll be back at the Four Seasons. You ever, you ever stayed in one of those places?
Good. That's good.
I'm not suffering, you know. I don't give a shit.
To women. They're all whores. Let us not forget what Chenowsky said. "The greatest men are the most alone." And without suffering, Jeffery, you will never gain wisdom.
What? Oh, come on. You're not gonna suck my cock?
See ya later.
Ask your girlfriend.
Tim, what are you talking about?
No, wait, no, I thought about New York.
I ate a dog when I was in Thailand. Tasted exactly like this sparerib.
Oh, shut up, Tim. This isn't funny, man.
Okay, great. Well, now he's crying. Are you guys happy?
I mean, you know, at least I admit that I don't know. I know that things are fucked up beyond belief and I know that I have nothing original to say about any of it, alright? I don't have an answer. I don't have a fucking message.
Right on. You know what? He doesn't need the limo, man.
No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying I don't need a limousine to know who I am, alright?
Why don't you write a song about Sandra Berhard's salad, asshole?
Wow, you're cute when you're angry.
Wow, that must be pretty nice there.
Yeah, yeah, I stay at the Four Seas, it's ease.
Well, you know, I wanna fucking see him. I gotta know what it's like to be on MTV.
Sooze wants to see him.
Jeff, Jeff, if you want to be alone with Pony, you know, that's, that's fine with us.
No. We were just gonna go someplace or something to...
Oh, no, you wanted to get together with your close friend, Pony, the rockstar. I understand. So you, do you, want us to, leave?
Nobody. Sooze.
Who were you talking to?
You don't need to sit next to me right now.
Because I'm alienated.
If it's all so fucking futile, what the fuck are you so fucking upset about, fuckhead?
Yeah, well, that pizza could feed a family of four in Turkey or India or wherever the fuck he comes from.
Actually, the only thing I gotta give that guy is a one-way ticket back to Greaseball-land.
Hey, he's a human being you can give him that much.
What? What the fuck do you know about the third world? You been there? No? No, well, I have. Fuckers live like sardines in a can over there, you know. Everything stinks. It's true, there's no, you know, law, no order. No nothing. The assholes come over here, they think it's gonna be the same.
Yeah, well, he's from a Third World country. He doesn't have it easy.
Buff, sit. You know what I mean though? Somebody ought to crack that guy with a baseball bat.
Okay. Okay, look my wife called the police. They're coming. It's not too late. They'll come, they'll take care of her. I'm going inside.
I don't know. I think she's breathing.
This has nothing to do with me! She went up by herself. Yeah I tell them don't go on the roof! They can't go on the roof!  How is she?
Look, look, just get off my property.
Please?
Nazeer Chaudry!
Nazeer what?
Okay. Nazeer, okay?
Because maybe if we know each other's names, things wouldn't get like this, My name's Jeff.
Look, why do you care, huh?
No, wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! What is your name?
Complicated or not, life moves on. Hm?
That's right.
Oh, it's very complicated, huh?
Yeah, well, thank you for the advice, but you wouldn't understand what is going on with me.
You know, it's not you. You know? You seem like a smart guy.
I don't know.
You know, this, what you're doing with your life...
Look, your trespassing.
Why we're just standing here.
I gave it to you.
Seven-twenty.
What?
Just go.
You really suck, you know that?
Just go.
What?
Go.
'Bye, Jeff.
Do your covers and all that shit.
Oh, fuck it, man!
You did, huh? Good for you.
Wait, no, I... Look, Sooze, I figured something out.
You're unbelievable.
Oh, no, no, no.
Maybe not? You think that I'm with somebody else and now it's maybe not?
No, maybe not though. That, that's what I'm trying to say.
What about us? I'm moving away your staying here.
Well, what about us?
I don't know. And I don't care that I don't know.
Wait. What, what are you saying?
I've run out of words.
Shit, Jeff!
To his hotel?
Yes, Jeff, away. Away, away, away.
Wait, away?
For a ride.
Where are you going?
I'm leaving. Is that alright with you? Do I have your permission? Maybe you want to think about it.
Wait, wait, wait a minute, Sooze. What are you doing?
Is that a threat?
No, no, I have to talk to you.
God, you smell like whiskey.
Wait, Sooze, I, I have to talk to you, 'cause I, there's something I figured out.
Mm.
I, yeah.
Oh, yeah?
And I fig- and I figured something out.
Mm-hm.
No, I mean it. No, look, when, when I got out of the car I walked all the way here.
What?
But wait! Sooze, I don't wanna fight. I'm so sorry.
Mm. I enjoyed the ride. Sorry you didn't.
No, no. I just got sick and tired of listening to that demo tape over and over again, you know? I mean, I felt like a fucking groupie, you know.
Gee, Jeff, I thought you were gonna go take a piss, not join some alcoholic nudist colony.
Hey, where did you go? We were worried about you.
Oh, hi. I thought you guys got lost.
Why don't you just try? Please. For me. Come on.
No, I just don't feel like it. That's all.
Come on. I'm not gonna go if you don't come.
No. No, no, no.
Come on.
So you sold ninety thousand units. So what? Does that mean you're a genius? You're a great artist? You're higher up the ladder? You got an extra gold star on your fuckin' forehead?
Jeff!
FUCK! Pony, if we wanted to hear you sing, we would've gone to your concert!
No, I don't.
You do.
No, I don't.
Yes, you do.
No, I don't.
Jeff likes to argue for the sake of arguing.
Yeah, but that doesn't mean that your tree is not artistic if no one cuts it down.
Mm.
Yeah, uh, that would depend, but yeah. She should.
I don't know.
So you and I can fuck while your parents are out having dinner at the Sizzler? What are we doing, Jeff? You and me?
No, no.
So I can spend the rest of my life guessing what it would be like to be a real artist?
Mm-mm.
Why should I stay here, Jeff? So we can sit on the corner and watch the lights change, while you bitch about Burnfield?
So, what, why can't you do that here? What's wrong with here? Why is somewhere else better?
My goal is to make art.
Okay, look. My job is not who I am. I don't need that. Why? What's your goal? Status? Money? Getting your picture on the cover of some glossy magazine?
Taking one community college course on the history of Nicaragua, while barely holding a job packing boxes?
Mm-hm.
New ground?
Okay, well, then, I'm gonna break new ground.
No one does nothing, Jeff.
Nothing.
So what do you wanna do?
No, no, see, that's not what I'm saying. I could go to New York if I wanted to, but what's the point? So I can learn how to order a cappuccino? So I can get mugged by some crackhead? So I can see, see homeless people up close and personal?
Come with me.
And?
Of course.
Us.
What feelings?
Did it ever occur to you that I might have some feelings about you moving to New York?
What?
Sooze.
Jeff. You know, I was talking to Mister Brooks yesterday. He has this friend in New York who wants to sublet his apartment for six-fifty a month. I could swing that. Six-fifty.
... like fucking robots. Look at those kids there.
Jeff. Jeff.
I don't know. I would've done something. This is kind of hypothetical, isn't it? This place is so stupid. I can't believe we're sitting here in this mosh-pit of consumerism. With all these people eating their chunks of dead flesh...
How?
I would've stopped it.
Okay, what would you have done.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah?
Okay, but nothing happened. Believe me, if I thought something really bad was going to happen, I would've done something.
It got that close.
It was just something that got out of hand. Did anyone get hurt?
It was a racial incident.
Tim!
This is ridiculous!
Okay. Well, you know, he's always been a nice guy and I like him.
Like I'm going to pay twenty bucks to see Neil Moynihan in some band that I helped start.
Um, because you didn't want to go.
Well, if you love him so much, why didn't you go see him play?
I can't wait till Pony gets here, you know? Have a conversation with a human being?
Typical male.
Can I talk?
You know, all you know is what's good for you.
Can I talk here? Let me talk.
Oh, yeah, right. Yeah, right. Fuck you.
I stand for honesty! I stand for some level of truth!
What? What do you stand for?
Yes, I stand for -
But do you stand for anything?
No, no, no. I'm not being cynical, I'm being honest.
No, sweetie. Cynicism is bullshit.
No, idealism is guilty, middle class bullshit.
I'm talking about idealism.
Hey!
Your completely missing the point.
One!
God, KAREN JOHNSON.
Name one.
Of course I do!
Sexual politics, racism, the environment, the military industrial...
Like what?
About things that are important to me.
About what?
Yes, you asshole.
I'm trying to communicate how I feel, Jeff. You know raise consciousness. Make people think for a change.
No, no. It's an honest question. What are you trying to communicate?
So you can give me more shit?
What are you trying to communicate? Tell us.
Well, fuck! Might as well not do anything! Let's just stick out thumbs up our asses and twirl.
Oh, well, then you better listen to him.
Mister Brooks has had shows in New York, Jeff. He's been reviewed in Art Forum. I think he knows.
No, no, no. Y-you know what? Y-your packing your bags, you're jumping into the unknown because some conceptual artist who teaches at a community college is having a mid-life crisis and he wants to sleep with some girl half his age, so he tells you you have talent.
I don't want to hear it anymore.
"The worst I can do is starve to death." Listen to you.
I'm not doing it anywhere, Jeff. It's just part of my application to the School of Visual Arts in New York.
Your sure as hell right about that.
It's a piece.
Yeah, man, male, significant other, whatever the fuck I am.
Man?
No, not, not everything. This. I am the man in your life.
Yes.
No.
Was that supposed to be me?
Okay, so maybe later.
No. I'm not going to the van, it's so gross. Come on. I'm doing my performance right now.
Sorry. Let's go back to the van right now.
I hate that.
Oh! Trim it!
I know, I know, I know.
You could've come over.
God, I haven't seen you all day.
I'm gonna go to the car for a 'sec. I'll be right back.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Hey, where's Erica?
Burnfield. No place like it.
Fuck 'em. Fucking assholes.
Oh, no, no. Uh, uh, George, pull over.
I'm sorry. I, I gotta...
Oh, yeah.
I gotta take a piss. Do you mind if we pull over really quickly?
Why don't you come with us, man? I mean, I want to hear about those songs you've been working on. You too, Buff.
No. You know what? You guys go ahead and bring back something here. Yeah.
George can drive us. There's plenty of room in the car. Jeff?
Look, man, it... Shit. Why don't we get something to eat? I mean food?
No, you know what? It's not you, man. It's not anybody. It's me. Whoo! Hey.
Oh, no, man, look. Look, you know, it's me, okay? I come out here and I'm, so used to everyone, you know, kissing my ass and I think I'm a fucking star, man, and I'm really sorry if I'm full of attitude. I, I really...
No, man. Hey. No, you know what? Hey, it's you, man. It's, you know what, you know what it is? It's this tarpit of stupidity that we're all stuck in. It's this cell. It's this void, you know.
You know what I'm saying?
W-wait a minute, wait a minute.
Of course it does.
Well, I, I didn't say I was special, but it's one thing, you know, and it's another thing to actually communicate it to people. You know what I mean? If a tree falls in a forest and no one hears it, does that make a sound?
Comment, say things, think. Whatever. Why are you so special?
What?
Yeah, well, that's what I do too.
I don't know. Uh, I'm an artist, I guess. You know, there's life and then there's the people watching the life, commenting on it.
Well, if we're, like, the man invisible, what are you?
What do you mean?
So who are you?
No, no, they, uh, you know, that can be kind of a hassle, so , uh, you know, I just stay at the Four Seasons. It's easier.
So, um, Pony, where are you staying? Are you staying at your mother's house?
Well, I mean, we jammed a couple of times. You know, I mean, you play harmonica, but that was before we were really a band, you know, before Danny signed us.
For a while.
Well, not exactly.
Well, I helped start it, but, you know, uh...
Yeah, maybe later.  Hey! Hey!
Great.
Yeah.
Now?
Yeah, really.
Really?
Yeah. You should show 'em to me.
Yeah, they could be songs.
Like songs?
Write. 'Cause I, I have written some things.
What?
So you think I should?
No, man, I mean it. You're a good writer. I remember those things you'd write during honors English. Funny shit.
You know, I've thought about that, actually.
I dropped out. I mean, uh, you know, this semester I'm taking a, a class, you know, three nights a week. But I'm just try-trying to think and work on stuff., you know? I've been doing some writing, though. Short pieces, you know.
So how's college?
Sorry.
Oh, man, we were pretty on tonight.
Oh, uh, yeah, we were, but, uh, Sooze, screwed up the tickets.
Hey, I though you guys were coming to the show, man?
The prom. That's funny.
Yeah, good.
Yeah, I crash there.
The road's hell, you know? I mean airport, hotel, show. And airport, hotel, show. Airport, hotel, show. I mean, fuck, man, you know? You still living at your mom's?
Yeah.
Yeah, shit. Naw, man, you know. It's hard work, you know?
Aw, come on. Rock star. Fame. Fortune. Sex.
Nah, nah, nah, nah.
Wow. A gold record, man, that's great. So you're, you're like living the wild life now, huh?
We sold, uh, over ninety thousand units and uh... and Danny says that we're gonna get a gold record. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, yeah, we're starting to get good placement and shit like that, you know.
Yeah, hey I saw your album at Musicland up at the mall.
Hey, the driver knows Billy Idol. Wow, huh?
No, it's not...
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, the record company, they make me use it, you know. I mean, it's dumb, I know, it's just...
Well, shit, man, you've only been gone for a year, man, Is that your limo?
Wow, man. The corner. I mean, nothing's changed.
Good, man.
Hey, man. Jeff. How're you doin?
Hey, Pony.
Hey it's your roof. It's your fucking problem.  Hi, uh, there's an emergency down at the Circle A on first Street, Yeah, Okay.  You're fucked now, pal!  Um, send an ambulance 'cause I, I think it's an overdose or something. Okay. Okay.  Jeff, they're coming. Just wait here. I'm gonna go over to Scuff's and see if he's got his truck.  Listen, if she dies, you're gonna be so sorry that you ever showed your brown face in this town!
No, no, she went up by herself. This was not my responsibility.
No, this has everything to do with you.
This has nothing to do with me, this, uh, drinking, yeah.
I hope you're happy!
What are you saying?
Ready?
Look; okay, come on. Look, what are you doing? Look, that's enough. My wife called the police. They're coming.
Oh, shit. Jeff. Jeff, come up here!
Get off my roof!
You know what? Go ahead and shoot me. Go ahead! Fucking shoot me! Come on! Come on, man! Come on!
Look, get down now, you fucking drunk! You bum!
Oh, there you are, honey. We were waiting for you. What happened?
Look Pakeesa...
Go ahead! They love you just about as much as I do.
Fuck you! You know, I'll call the police.
Hey, you know what? Go fuck yourself.
Get off my property!
Why? What are you gonna do? Huh? You're gonna shoot me for standing on your fucking trash can?
Look, get down off my property.
Please. Look...
Alright, alright, enough with the Boy Scout routine.
Pakistani. Okay? We're from Pakistan.
Yeah, yeah. That's the fucking problem.
You know, why do you call me names? You know, I never hurt you. I'm only working here.
Camel jockey.
What about this, huh? Go ahead, big man.
Well, what about this?
No. No, you see, I don't have to call my wife.
Well, you gotta call your wife then, you know, 'cause she kind of handles these heavy matters anyway, right?
Why should I call the police, huh? They don't so any good.
Nobody's fucking anybody!
What the fuck are you talking about?!
I think I gotta go.
Tim, why don't you shut the fuck up?
Really? What else does your mother say?
"Don't write any checks you can't cash."
Yeah?
You know, my mom has this saying.
Oh, my god!
Is that Jeff?
Yeah. God, you showed up at such a weird time in my life.
You do?
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
Or the future, oh, no, no, I mean... I mean, we'll be working on that album cover, right?
Yeah, you know, when you called I thought, there's a name from the past.
Yeah, I have, I have, yeah.
Me?
I think about you. I mean, a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah, but sometimes I try to figure out why I left in the first place, you know? I think about people and I wonder what they're doing.
I hate it here. It's so ugly, it's like being dead. You got out of here, you know? I'm ready to go.
That's because I am.
Oh, yeah, you're just so smart.
I don't know. I say what I mean.
What's that supposed to mean?
Yep.
Soon.
Mm-hm.
No, I'm going.
If...
I'm moving.
I can't believe you're still here.
Yeah. Burnfield, Pizza and Puke capital of the world.
You done?
Oh, yuck! Oh, gross!
No, no, no, no, no. Uh, hey, man. You know I'm really sorry if I, if I said something wrong. I, I...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Hey, man, uh, look, if you don't like my stuff, uh, I won't sing it, okay? I'm sorry, you know?
Jesus, Jeff.
Mine too.
You know, that is my worst fear. Making a sound and no one hears it.
That was so great!
"Drove down the highway there was a big jam The family had died There inside their minivan There was a backup It went on for miles But as bad as it was It was gone after a while"  Chorus here.  "You may think there's nothing to it and the truth is hard to see To be an invisible man is a remarkable thing to be thing to be thing to be"
Alright!
Alright, alright already.
Oh, no, man. I can't.
Yeah, come on, play it.
And you know why it's so good? See, because, see, you guys are real. No, man, I mean it. You guys have a sense of humor. You live your lives, you know. It's simple, you know. The guys on the road, I mean, the band, all they talk about is scoring chicks... and Danny, all Danny talks about is money.
Yeah.
Okay, now, you guys all take care, okay? Oh, man, I feel so good. I feel good 'cause I'm hanging out with you guys, man. You know? I mean, I forgot what it was like to just hang out.
Oh, God, that would be something I really want to do.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah, we'd have to fly you out for meetings, you know.
Would I get paid?
I get final approval. It's in my contract.
Oh they'd never let me do what I want.
I'm always serious.
You're not serious.
I don't want you to do the cover, I, I need you to do the cover.
You do not want me to do your cover.
Yeah, and I was thinking, Sooze, you could do the cover.
Yeah?
Oh, uh, we're gonna go in the studio and we're, we're doin' a new album.
Yeah, so what do you guys do next? I mean, what's your band do now?
Hey.
Hey, Pony, this is my friend Bee-Bee.
I do. Jeff, don't you think Sooze should go to New York and, uh, you know.
You do not!
You have to go. You always did such, uh, you know, great work. I still have some of those drawings that you'd do in study hall.
Yeah. To go to school and, you know, paint, performances, paint.
New York, huh?
You did? I love him. Yeah, you know, I'm thinking of moving to New York.
Oh, yeah, just sitting there eatin' a salad, you know. That kind of thing happens all the time in L.A. It's, you know... I met Johnny Depp.
No, she was just sitting there?!
Oh, uh... uh, the other night our manager Danny took us to this restaurant and there was Sandra Bernhard.
Like?
Yeah.
Yeah?
It's pretty exciting.
So? What's L.A. like?
Oh, yeah?
Sometimes, yeah. You know, I started to do performances.
Wow. Hey, you look good. Like you, you know, head's in a good place, you know? You, are still doing your painting?
Oh!
Look at you!
No, no, it isn't. It's cool.
It's stupid.
Is that your driver?
Oh, it's stupid, isn't it.
You showed up. Oh, my god! Holy shit! Look at this car, man!
Hey!
Pony, oh my god!
Oh, yeah, drunk on the corner, man. Hey, why don't you buy another beer. It's on me, okay?
Well, just, you know, have 'em call me. Y-you know where to find me, right?
Yeah, man, my manager and my lawyer.
Your manager?
... my manager will slap an assault charge on your ass faster than you can say AA, okay?
Yeah?
If you hit me...
What are you going to do? Hm?
Don't do that.
No, see, Neil, if you're fucking with one of my friends, then you're fucking with me.
Oh, okay, it's none of my business. Yeah, so, you-you're trying to fuck my best friend's girlfriend and it's none of my business?!
Yeah.
It's none of my business?
You know, man, it's none of your business what I do, okay?
Don't do that, man, okay?
Oh, come on, Pony. I'm just kidding. Wow, you rock stars are really sensitive, huh? You know, there's a life on the road?
Whatever.
Okay. You know what? Watch your fucking language, alright? Or I might have to.
Well, Dad, she said she wanted to suck my cock.
The bar at the hotel? She told you that? What did she say exactly?
She didn't say. Maybe she's at the bar at the hotel.
About where she went. I mean, what bar?
About what?
Yeah? Well, what'd she say?
Pal, she's a big girl, you know? I'm sure she's alright.
Well, I mean, she always answers her beeper.
What are you? Her pimp? She said she might go get a drink first.
Well, I called Erica's beeper. There's just no answer.
I called Bucky's. I got her a cab. Is there any hot mustard?
Oh, How'd she get back?
Erica? She said she was tired. She went back to the hotel.
Where's Erica? You seen her?
Uh, I didn't write any songs. You guys go ahead. I gotta stay here and guard the parking lot.
Tim?
"I sound like an idiot watching the parade I know there's no tomorrow only the charade I am dead Deep inside my head All the lies There's no then Only now I will love show me how"
Ooh, wow, nice. Personal trainer? Very nice.
So, like, your dad's a big deal, right?
"See what's around you listen to their lies"
Where do you get your ideas?
Well, uh, there's this benefit for Rwanda we're gonna do. And, uh, you know, my songs, uh, where I get the ideas for them, uh, you know, stuff like that.
I'm here.
So where are you?
It's not the air force anymore, Scuff
Yeah. Yeah. How's the air force, Tim?
Uh, eleven twenty-five.
I don't, I don't remember. What do I owe you?
Yeah.
Just one?
Missed it. Can I get a fifth of Old Crow?
Hey, great game Friday. Kicked Holbrook's ass, huh?
Tim, go throw up somewhere.
Oh yes! Yeah, man, give her the ride, the ol' Pony ride back to the hotel.
Could you give me a ride?
There was this other place where they served live monkey brains. Sweat to God. You walk in, they bring the little monkey out, shave his head, crack it open, and you eat it's brains while it's still alive. I didn't go in, though, 'cause I didn't have any money and my mom has a saying: "Don't write any checks you can't cash".
Forget about New York, Jeff. I don't want to talk about New York anymore.
Oh that's nice for you.
It was the nicest thin I've done in a long time.
Hey, why don't you swallow your cock and choke on it? Oh, I forgot, it's not big enough.
Buff is funny, okay? She likes Buff, so why don't you whip shut the feminist hole.
Why don't you fucking relax? He's having verbal intercourse, Sooze.
Ew! Oh, Buff! Relax!
Jeff!
Yeah. Yeah, I'm jealous of MTV faggots who are named after animals.
Tim's jealous, you know? He wants to have ideas too.
Uh, excuse me, I'd like to know where he gets his ideas.
Leave him alone, Tim.
Come on, Jeff.
Hey, your gonna regret this.
You have the largest penis. Can we go please?
Fucking drunk, huh?
Hey, Tim, you know what? You win.
Make a move. Greasecake. Towel-head.
No, see, sweetheart, you don't want to stand up for parasite 'cause I can fuckin' smell him from here. You know what? Tow words, man: roll on.
Hey, Tim.
Why don't you go back to where you came from?
I did. I split, man. I expanded my horizons, you know. Served my country. Saw the world, you know? I've gained wisdom and now I'm back, baby, back from the road. Me and Jack Kerouac.
Ha! Thank you! See? He did it. He left.
Seriously? It's a great idea.
At least I have a point of view, you know?
Yes, that's right. You know what, honey? You should go to New York. You should go. Go show 'em. They need your unique point of view.
Don't swear it's impolite.
Fuck.
You know the fuck not.
The fuck not?
No car.
I'm going out later.
Well, use your head, "Stalker Betty."
Oh for Chrissakes...  "White trash Betty."  I didn't realize the rules went into effect before we entered Safeway.
NO-GAH-BUH- NO!  Rule number two - NO NAMES!  NO GODDAMN NAMES, you retard!
Sorry, Kansas...
Hey!  Rule number one - never take off the mask!  Y'hear me!  No matter what happens, NEVER TAKE OFF THE MASK!
Look, it's really not my fault.
This is great - GREAT!  Now we have to enter the front door!
I just pulled and it - it came off.
Who are you - the goddamn Bionic Woman?!
You have three heart attacks and a half dozen strokes and tell me how much you wanna run up and down the stairs.  Shit - I forgot to pick up the cigarettes.
I can't believe your grandparents never come down here.
You piece-a-shit bug zapper!
What?!
Shut up, Cleo.  Di, how much do you need for an abortion?
Wait!  Did you say you are pregnant or you were pregnant... You had it, threw it out and you're gonna go back and dance all night!
Better enjoy it now.  'Cause tomorrow some little kid falls down a well and we're nothing but a distant memory.
Can you guys believe this?  We're like celebrities!
It's twins!!
Ahh!  Baby's got two heads!!!
Conan went to Harvard.
Forget it.  I've got a scholarship to Harvard hanging over my head.  I won't risk it.
And you know real cops aren't half as smart as Keanu.
Kansas is right.  We're like sisters -- we're closer than sisters.  And you don't turn your back on family.
Cleo!
I'm in, too.
You just became a statistic!
Holy shit.
Bye.
Thanks, Cleo.  See you tomorrow.
Di?  I just called to say that Conan talked about us again last night.
Hello?
I personally think of how Conan started as a writer, then became a...
My fault - What do we do that enables us to be as great as we are?
Use the bathroom, because the Port-a Potties on the field are gross.
Hee-hee-haaaa-weee worked it out.  Heee hee-haaa....
Is Jack upset that he can't be here?
It's off... I can't take the fighting, the back-stabbing, the open hostility. We're not acting like cheerleaders, we're acting like a bunch of sorority girls!
Di, we're sorry.  We...
Well...uh...they, y'know, uh... They had nicknames.
Cleo, I've already thrown up twice today - could you please get to any relevant part of the movie?
...He slices off the guy's ear, and I mean you see everything - the bloody pink hole where the --
Everything's fine.  I'm just having a little trouble keeping my frown upside down.
Di, are you okay?  We can skip the girl party this week.
Wayne Gretzky.
Another sex dream?
I've got to get that.  Relax.  I'll see you tomorrow.
WHAT?!  That's insane!!!  Why would I go to the police?
She thinks you went to the police.
Di, it's Luce.  Kansas just called and said she's going to "fuck me up!"  Then I heard coughing, a thud and Kansas had to go.  I think her Grandma had another heart attack.  Anyway, why does she want to "fuck me up?"
That's right.  Practice makes perfect. I'm practicing to have a baby right now. If we do a practice job, we'll not only get the experience, but also the extra money we need for guns!
-- We practice!  Sorry, Cleo.
Hee-hee-hee, haaaaa-that's it?  Hee-hee hee...
Okay, even with all our savings, it's still only six hundred fifty-four.
Of course - of course!  Hands in...
But, we have to make a smart plan!
Well...
So then this isn't crazy.  It's a sure bet.
... I don't know.  Probably not.
If you don't - can you still afford to go to Harvard?
No.
That's right.  So all we have to do is watch a bunch of movies and learn from their mistakes.
And they get caught!
C'mon, Luce, people do it in the movies all the time.
Look, I might be moody.  I might be gassy.  But I am perfectly sane.  Think about it.  In school, they tell us, "Dreams can come true."  Right?
Oh my G-d, I read about this!  It's called a "pregnancy insanity."  Quick, she needs a sitz bath --
"Positive" you're sure I'm not fat or "positive" I'm...
Positive.
You sure?
Oh G-d, I'm sorry... You're not really fat!  I was just saying that because, uh, I thought that's what you wanted me to say.
No I don't... I keep asking because I feel fat.
Look, you're fat, Diane.  You're fat, fat, fat!  Because you eat, eat, eat!  What?!  She keeps asking because she wants some honesty.
No...I've been pregnant.
Oh my G-d, you've been robbed!
Huh-ha-wha?  Ahh!  I'm under the ice!  I'm uh -- oh...man...  That was a weird one.
Diane?  Diane!
Jus some girlie things for the squad.
Oh... What are you working on?
That was gas, Sweetie.
...so although their dad said, "Don't get out of the car until I get back with help," they knew the sheriff's voice as he yelled.  "Run to my voice - and don't look back."  The twins did as he said, but at the last second they turned around and saw the escaped mental patient, bouncing their father's head on the top of the car!  Ah!  They jumped, Diane!  They jumped!
Diane, there's no excuse for not taking your pre-natal vitamins.  Now, if you guys were really friends, you'd remind her to take these.
Uh, Jack - look, I can explain...
Huh?  Oh Jesus...
If you reach for the stars, you're bound to get -- mm-Jack, pull over.
Mmm-hmmm...
I never knew you dreamed of working in a grocery store bank branch.  Baby, we are living the great American Dream!
Ah!  I almost forgot gas for the baby machine.  I'll grab your Snickers and get a place in line.
I know, but that was before.
But we agreed your job is running the baby machine...
Jack, I think I should get a job.
Me too!  Will it ever end?!  I love this lady!
Trix...
If you could be Count Chocula, Frankenberry or Trix the Rabbit, who'd you be?
Jack...
Like Cocoa Puffs.  Good.  Captain Crunch.  Bad.  Shreds the roof of your mouth.  I mean you hear, "Tricks are for kids!"  And you think, "I'm a kid, I guess they're for me."  But your baby brain's got no idea that Fruit Loops are, like, a million times better.  I'm going to save our kid all that pain.
But Di, all this food reminds me of how much I want to teach our baby.
Jack, sweetie, I'm only eating for two.
Oh, Jack...
Diane, I've loved you ever since I first saw you -- right before you kicked me in the head.
I sure do.
Y'think?
So, while we're knee deep in right now - and things seem pretty "stinky" - in the long run, we're going to grow strong from this.
Yeah.
I see a flower.  And y'know, even the most beautiful flowers still grow from dirt.
Spit from your dad?
Well, if I had to guess...  I'd say that was the sound of a mother saying good-bye to her little boy and hello to a young man who's going to be a daddy of his own...  Jack, do you know what I see here?
I don't know... And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table.
... so when your dad said, "I never want to see your "f-'in' faces again!" do you think he meant forever or just until your mom wakes up?
Excuse me, Vendela, have you seen Diane? We're supposed to go to the homecoming dance tonight.
Hi, Jack.
Sorry.  My hands are tied.
...do not accept charity.  We are two young, able-bodied Americans.  We do not want a handout.  We want a hand-up. Give us food and we will be hungry tomorrow.  Give us corn - the kind you plant, not eat - and we'll grow our own food and... and, uh, then cut it, and - uh, y'know eat it!  Now, if you're interested in giving us a home loan, I will sit back down.  If not, have a nice day, Ma'am.
Uh, yes.  Yes you did.
No.  Wait!  Did I say Promise!  Cross-my heart and hope-to-die, stick-a-needle-in my-eye we'll never miss a payment?!
Let me explain something...
What?!  But all our paperwork's there. My school records, Jack's football records...
I'm sorry.
For a pack of cigs?  I use her food stamps.
Don't use big bills!
Just call me later.  I gotta get some smokes for Grandma.
Yeah, hold on.
That you?
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning.
Remember, Kansas, every time you point a finger you've got three more pointing back at you.
It was Lucy!  Lucy went to the cops!
He Ikea'd us.
Oh no...
Hee-hee-h-wait a minute.  Hold on, now. What do we do before a big game?
Hey.  Eyes on your own belly!
We were told you could "fix us up."
NO!  Wait...um...  We're the A-squad from Lincoln High? So, uh...
Oh - okay, we ain't done with this... Those babies are gonna get a good start in life - with a real crib - one that costs a shit-load!  We're gonna learn how to rob a bank from the only people who really know how to do it - criminals!  I'm gonna visit my mom!
Oh, thank G-d!  I'm not just super fat!
Di, it's not your fault.  We all wanted to do this - for you... for ourselves.
It's all my fault.  I'm sorry I ever started this...
I'm sorry, Diane, but I'm not gonna watch my dreams fade away 'cause the Virgin Mary here thinks she's gonna get ideas from kiddie movies --
Kansas!
Lucy, do you know for sure you're going to get that scholarship?
Shut up.
And if the O.J. trial taught us anything, it taught us that in America, you can cut off someone's head and still be found innocent if you have enough money.  Your mom only shot a guy...
Stop, you're gonna make me cry.
Listen, Kansas, I know you dream of springing your mom some day...
You sure I'm not fat?
Uh, "no"... You're not fat.
"No" you're not sure or "No" I'm not fat?
He is the Great One...
Hat-trick?
We're here for you, Diane.
Madonna.
I'll just ask the question myself... "Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?"
Nope.  Sounds more like the first.
Well, I want to know what happened --
Anyway, last time I checked, you still had to have sex to have an orgasm.  And I know she ain't seen the lord on all fours - so I'm just saying.
Wrong number  Nooooooo!
Ooops, that's me -- gotta run!
No.  This is Diane.  I think you have the wrong number.
Kim-Lo?
Hello?
Oh thank Buddha it's you, Kim-Lo, I'm being held against my will, my civil rights have been violated and it took four days to make this one phone call...
Yeah?
Fern!  C'mere!  She's siphoning tanks - takes a sec to cap off the cyanide hose.
You're kidding.
My daughter's always dreamed of bein' a cheerleader.  Put her on your squad and I'll give you the guns.
Oh, why didn't you say.  For two-hundred I got a nice rubber band and a real sharp nail in back... I'll gift wrap it for you.  The deal is fifteen hundred. Cash.  Take it or leave it.
Hey, hey, hey.  C'mon you guys.  Obviously that's a little more than our budget will allow.  Basically, we're looking for something around two-hundred dollars.
Right.  That'll be fifteen hundred - cash.
Bullets?  No bullets!  Oh my gosh, these are just to scare people. Kinda like round-off, back handspring, whip back, double full.  You never really use it - you just want the opposing squad to know you've got it.
Bullets.
Ammo?
Okay.  How much ammo you reckon you'll need?
Well, we'll each probably want one - so let's make it five.  Five should do it.
I guess there's an exception to every rule.
Yeah?
Hold on...
...my Sunday School teacher says that in prison, women shove broom sticks up your...
Ooops, hold on a sec.
It wasn't like the prison we saw - all these women had to shave their heads because they got lice from the filthy lives they'd lived!  Oh G-d, I'm gonna be someone's bald bitch!
Hannah, we've...
We're dead!  They showed this prison movie to my youth group on Sunday.
Hello?
That's okay, Hannah.  It was silly to think we could learn to rob a bank from watching movies.  Sex - you can learn from movies.  But robberies?  There's no way.
Look, maybe I can watch a PG movie... I'll just say I'm counting dirty words for Sunday School.
Or that!  Look, you guys, I just want to provide a future for my baby.  I know my bank branch like the back of my puffy little hand.  I could open that safe in my sleep!
Or, I could get my own horse...
And Hannah, you could give your share to your church - or maybe buy one of those hungry little kids Sally Struthers advertises.
Don't Martha-fucking-Stewart me!  If you don't like it - you try being a pregnant teen!
You want us to help you pick up?
I know, Hannah.  Look, I'm not going to get an abortion.  I mean, I always planned to get married and have kids - I'm just going a little out of order. Kinda reminds me of another young lady who found herself "with child," unmarried, on a long road, with no place to sleep.  'Course, that was a long-long time ago.  But no matter what, she held her head high and said... "Pappa don't preach, I'm in trouble deep.  Pappa don't preach, 'cause I'm keepin' my baby.  Hey.  I'm gonna keep my baby." The great one...
I-I didn't mean to say "whore," Diane. I just hear it so much at church - it kinda came flying out of my head.
I-I'm sorry - can someone else please run the Ouija board?  It's creepy, it's wrong and it goes against the teachings of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
... Ja-ck B-ar-t-le-tt... Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?
You damn well better...
I'll get them before "Touched by an Angel," don't worry.
Then I'll throw a few more treats on the plate.  Where's my smokes?
Uh...Yeah, Grandma.  She doesn't mean that.  Kinda lost the old filter with her last stroke.
You got that big retarded girl down there?
Thanks!  That'd be great.
Oh well, then I'll put some cookies at the top of the stairs for you gals.
Oh yeah, you caught us...
Are you girls talking about boys? Practicing kissing your hands?
Shit!  Yeah, Grandma.  Me and the squad.
Is that you down there?
Kansas?
Screw Lucy!
Maybe we can make a deal.
Oh please, we've all got bright futures ahead of us - we're not going to tell anyone.  Promise!
That's Itchy, alright.  How many y'need?
Definitely old.
She did, did she?  How is the old girl?
Yeah.  "Itchy" sent us.
Really...
All of you!
Bank branch!
Bank branch!
All of you!
Hey, I even took my parents' foster kid money.  Phillipe's gonna have to gather rice without pants this month.
Don't make me Jerry Lewis you guys for the rest.
'Cause I will Jerry Springer you faster than you can say "Fat-assed lesbian!"
Uh...maybe?
You sure you wanna go there?
Am I the only one who cares about this? At least I watched "Dog Day Afternoon!"
I'm only allowed "G" movies.
Wait a minute.  You watched the Apple fucking-Dumpling Gang?!
...so, while it's a laugh riot for the whole family, and Tim Conway is just about as funny as they come, especially when he goes...
But you're not married.
Oh my G-d!  I'm not first!
Hold up, hold up.  Any sentence that starts with "at church camp" ain't leading to the big "O."
Yeah.  This summer at church camp?  I'm pretty sure I had, y'know, an orgasm.
Well technically, I don't think I'm a virgin anymore.
Hannah, in order to get real answers from the netherworld, you've gotta have a Christian virgin run the board.  Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you.
Wait, Petunia.  Mommy's a little amped up - didn't get her yard time this morning.  Mink ain't my bitch.  She's a specialist... in banks.
Hey, don't "mouthy shit" me - I'm outta here.
What?!  Hush up, you mouthy little shit!
Oh, Jesus Christ, Mom!  Like my life ain't a great big pile-of-shit 'cause you're in here?  Now I have to add, "P.S. My mom's a dyke" too?
Kansas, I want you to meet someone special.
So you need my help?  Oh my G-d, this is like asking me for help with your homework.  Hey, Mink, c'mere!
I know, but we can't quite figure out how to, y'know, do it.
Well, shit-fire, Kansas, that's the sweetest goddamn thing ever...
I know - that's what I said too. Anyway, we want to help her get some money for the baby by robbing a bank.
Before you?  Whoo-hoo!
My best friend got pregnant.
Gee, I'll sit out this afternoon's coffee talk.  Whaddya want?
Okay, you can't tell anybody.
Now how the hell can I help you?
Your help.
My what?
I don't hate you.  I need your help.
So could half the women in here.  And I'd rather go out with a nice can... So watcha here for?  To say how much you hate me or how much your grandparents hate me...
They could kill you.
I know, but it keeps down the size of my can.
You shouldn't smoke so many of those.
Thank G-d.  I was starting to think I'd killed the wrong man.
Grandma and Grandpa sent you pictures of a neighbor girl.  They didn't want you to break out and come kidnap me.
I want to help.  I'm part of this squad...
What the hell do you want?
Stop it!  This is crazy!
I mean it.  I'm in.  This is the closest thing to a goddamn family that I've ever had.  If one of us needs something, we all do.
Virgin Mary musta snuck that one in.
...and sex dreams where you actually have an orgasm!
More proof God's a guy...
Diane, it says here you're going to have mood swings, uncontrollable gas.
Action! The scene starts.
Roll 'em.
You'll pardon me, Norma? Why don't you just sit and watch?  O.K.  Here we go.
We're ready with the shot, Mr. deMille.
She got to be.  A dozen press agents working overtime can do terrible things to the human spirit.  Hold everything.
I hear she was a terror to work with.
Of course you didn't.  You didn't know Norma Desmond as a plucky little girl of seventeen, with more courage and wit and heart than ever came together in one youngster.
I didn't mean to --
Listen, thirty million fans have given her the brush. Isn't that enough?
I can tell her you're all tied up in the projection room.  I can give her the brush ...
It must be about that appalling script of hers.  What can I say to her? What can I say?
I'm terribly sorry, Mr. de Mille.
I hate to think where that puts me.  I could be her father.
I've got to run along.  Thanks any- way for your interest in my career.
The accent! I've got it: this guy is in the pay of a foreign government. Get those studs.  Get those cuff-links.
Someone in the formal set, no doubt, with a ten-carat kidney stone.
I'm sorry about New Year's. Would you believe me if I said I had to be with a sick friend?
Walking out on the mob.  What's the big idea?
Don't worry.  She's just a fan for my literary output.
Wait a minute.  This is the woman I love.  What's going on? Who was loaded?
I'll have the bell-hop take care of your luggage.
I'll take it.
It just so happens we have a vacancy on the couch.
I mean, could you put me up for a couple of weeks?
Sure, this'll go on all night.
Listen, Artie, can I stick around here for a while?
The greatest.  They call me the Elsa Maxwell of the assistant directors.  Hey, easy on the punch bowl.  Budget only calls for three drinks per extra. Fake the rest.
Good party.
Where's the bar?
Say, you're not really smuggling opium these days,  are you?
Close, but no cigar.
Judas E. Priest, who did you borrow that from? Adolphe Menjou?
Come on.
That was the general idea.
You're going to stay, aren't you?
Let it ride for a while.
Give me your coat.
I almost reported you to the Bureau of Missing Persons.  Fans, you all know Joe Gillis, the well-known screen writer, opium smuggler and Black Dahlia suspect.
In a deep freeze.
Where have you been keeping that gorgeous face of yours?
Hi, Artie.
Well, what do you know ! Joe Gillis !
Goodbye, Mr. Gillis.
Carefull Those are dirty words! You sound like a bunch of New York critics.  Thank you, Miss Schaefer.
I just think pictures should say a little something.
Name dropper.
Schaefer.  Betty Schaefer.  And right now I wish I could crawl into a hole and pull it in after me.
This is Miss Kramer.
I'm sure you'll be glad to meet Mr. Gillis.  He wrote it.
Just a rehash of something that wasn't very good to begin with.
Nothing for Ladd?
It's from hunger.
What's wrong with it?
Hello, Mr. Sheldrake.  On that Bases Loaded.  I covered it with a 2-page synopsis.  But I wouldn't bother.
Nobody asked you to.
Joe, I can't look at you any more.
Look, sweetie -- be practical. l've got a good thing here. A long-term contract with no options. I like it that way.  Maybe it's not very admirable.  Well, you and Artie can be admirable.
If you love me, Joe.
Come on where? Back to a one-room apartment that I can't pay for? Back to a story that may sell and very possibly will not?
Come on, Joe.
All my things? All the eighteen suits, all the custom-made shoes and the eighteen dozen shirts, and the cuff-links and the platinum key- chains, and the cigarette cases?
No, no! I haven't heard any of this.  I never got those telephone calls.  I've never been in this house ... Get your things together. Let's get out of here.
All right.  I'll give you a few more clues.
No.
I'm trying to tell you.  This is an enormous place.  Eight master bedrooms.  A sunken tub in every bathroom.  There's a bowling alley in the cellar.  It's lonely here, so she got herself a companion. A very simple set-up: An older woman who is well-to-do.  A younger man who is not doing too well ... Can you figure it out yourself?
I didn't come here to see a house. What about Norma Desmond?
Her own movie theatre.
Jealous.  Ever see so much junk? She had the ceiling brought from Portugal.  Look at this.
Why did she call me?
Want something to drink?  There's always champagne on ice, and plenty of caviar.
That was Norma Desmond on the phone?
Just look around.  There's a lot of her spread about.  If you don't remember the face, you must have heard the name of Norma Desmond.
Whose?
Hers.
Whose house is it?
You bet.
This is where you live?
Ever been in one of these old Hollywood palazzos? That's from when they were making eighteen thou- sand a week, and no taxes.  Careful of these tiles, they're slippery. Valentino used to dance here.
Come on in, Betty,
I don't know why I'm so scared, Joe.  Is it something awful?
Hello, Betty.
You did.
What happened?
Of course I love him.  I always will.  I'm just not in love with him any more.
Why not? Don't you love Artie?
I don't want it now.
Stop crying.  You're getting married.  That's what you've always wanted.
Why don't you? We can finish the script by Thursday.
He wants me to come on to Arizona. He says it only oosts two dollars to get married there.  It would kind of save us a honeymoon.
From Artie.  What's wrong?
It's nothing.  I got a telegram from Artie.
Betty, there's no use running out on it.  Let's face it, what- ever it is.
What is it you've heard.  Come on, let's have it.
I just don't.
Why not?
Something came up.  I don't want to talk about it.
What's wrong with you tonight? What is it, Betty?
Was I?  I'm sorry.
Hey, what's the matter... Betty, wake up!  Why are you staring at me like that?
That's it -- there's nothing like being twenty-two.  Now may I suggest that if we're ever to finish this story you keep at least two feet away from me ...  Now back to the typewriter.
Twenty-two.
That's no shampoo.  It'smore like a pile of freehly laundred hand- kerchiefs, like a brand new auto- mobile.  How old are you anyway?
It must be my new shampoo.
May I say you smell real special.
If you please.
Three cheers for Betty Schaefer! I will now kiss that nose of yours.
Not once.  What's wrong with being on the other side of the cameras? It's really more fun.
Come clean, Betty.  At night you weep for those lost closeups, those gala openings...
Not at all.  It taught me a little sense.  I got me a job in the mail room, worked up to the Stenographic. Now I'm a reader...
Saddest thing I ever heard.
Should be.  It cost three hundred dollars.
Nice job.
Third.  Grandma did stunt work for Pearl White.  I come from a picture family.  Naturally they took it for granted I was to become a great star.  So I had ten years of dramatic lessons, diction, dancing. Then the studio made a test.  Well, they didn't like my nose -- it slanted this way a little.  I went to a doctor and had it fixed.  They made more tests, and they were crazy about my nose -- only they didn't like my acting.
Second generation, huh?
I was born just two blocks from this studio.  Right on Lemon Grove Avenue.  Father was head elec- trician here till he died.  Mother still works in Wardrobe.
What were you -- a child actress?
Look at this street.  All card- board, all hollow, all phoney. All done with mirrors.  I like it better than any street in the world.  Maybe because I used to play here when I was a kid.
That's the trouble with you readers.  You know all the plots. Now suppose you proof-read page ten while the water boils.
It's that old familiar story, you help a timid little soul across a crowded street.  She turns out to be a multimillionaire and leaves you all her money.
I gave her some advice on an idiotic script.
I'll say.  This is solid gold.
Oh, that.  It's from a friend of mine.  A middle-aged lady, very foolish and very generous.
I'm sorry.  I don't usually read private cigarette cases.
Who's who?
Who's Norma?
Constantly.  No, in all serious- ness, it's really good.  It's fun writing again.  I'm happy here, honest I am.
Don't you sometimes hate yourself?
Sure.  Especially with lots of music underneath, drowning it out.
It will?
I mean this is good dialogue along in here.  It'll play.
What's good about it?  I miss him something fierce.
Good.
And here's a title: AN APPLE FOR THE TEACHER.
Oh, you --
Came  on back.  Let me show you where it fits in.
So do I.
Are you kidding? Because I think it's good.
And don't make it too dreary.  How about this for a situation: she teaches daytimes.  He teaches at night.  Right?  They don't even know each other, but they share the same room.  It's cheaper that way.  As a matter of fact, they sleep in the same bed -- in shifts, of oourse.
Honest to goodness, I hate you.
You're on your own.  Stop being chicken-hearted and write that story.
You're tough, all right.
Look, Betty, It can't be done. It's out.
Nobody can be that busy.
It's just impossible.
I think so.  They're on location in Arizona, shooting a Western. I'm free every evening, every week- end.  If you want, we could work at your place.
Good for you.  You've got yourself the best guy in town.
We're engaged.
What has Artie to do with it.
Couldn't we work in the evenings? Six o'clock in the morning? This next month I'm completely at your disposal.  Artie is out of town.
I'm all tied up.  I can't.
I'm not good enough to write it alone.  We'll have to do it together.
Sorry.  It's your baby now.
I'll make it short.
Look, if you don't mind, I haven't got time to listen to the whole plot ...
Now I see her teaching day classes while he teaches night school.  The first time they meet ...
Check.
This story is about teachers -- their threadbare lives, their struggles.  Here are people doing the most important job in the world, and they have to wprry about getting enough money to re-sole their shoes.  To me it can be as exciting as any chase, any gunplay.
Psychopaths sell like hotcakes.
See if they make sense.  To begin with, I think you should throw out all that psychological stuff -- exploring a killer's sick mind.
What about all those ideas you had?
You know, I'd take you up on that in a minute.  I'm just not good enough to do it all by myself.
If you get a hundred thousand for it, you buy me a box of chocolate creams.  If you get an Oscar, I get the left foot.
Why should you do that?
I mean it.  It's no good to me anyway.  Help yourself.
Well, for heaven's sake!
Just so you don't think I'm a complete swine -- if there's anything in Dark Windows you can use, take it.  It's all yours.
So long.
You sure have.
Sorry if I crossed you up.
It's not your career -- it's mine. I kind of hoped to get in on this deal.  I don't want to be a reader all my life.  I want to write.
As a matter of fact.  I've given up writing altogether.
I tell you this is half sold.
Sorry, Miss Schaefer, but I've given up writing on spec.
I've got twenty pages of notes. I've got a pretty good character for the man.
I was afraid of that.
Where's the story? I bluffed it out with a few notions of my own. It's really just a springboard. It needs work.
O.K.  Where's the cash?
Into something for Barbara Stan- wyck.  They have a commitment with Barbara Stanwyck.
Into what? A lampshade?
He thinks it could be made into something.
You did?
Dark Windows.  I got him all hopped up about it.
What teacher?
Sheldrake likes that angle about the teacher.
Is that so? What's the wonderful news?
I called your agent.  I called the Screen Writers Guild.  Finally your old apartment gave me some Crestview number.  There was always somebody with an accent growling at me.  You were not there.  You were not to be spoken to.  They never heard of you.
I haven't been keeping myself at all.  Not lately.
Stop it, Artie, will you?  Where have you been keeping your- self? I've got the most wonderful news for you.
You don't know how glad I am to see youl
Hello, Artie.  Good evening, Miss Schaefer.
Life can be beautiful!
With a wildly beating heart.
You'll be waiting for me?
You won't.  I'll get us a refill of this awful stuff.
O.K.  I find I'm terribly afraid of losing you.
No, Phillip, no.  We must be strong.  You're still wearing the uniform of the Coldstream Guards!  Furthermore, you can have the phone now.
Phillip, you're mad!
Hungry? After twelve years in the Burmese jungle.  I am starving, Lady Agatha -- starving for a white shoulder --
Are you hungry?
How about capturing the kitchen and barricading the door?
We could make some paper boats and have a regatta.  Or should we just turn on the shower?
Well....
As for instance?
I've got some ideas myself.  One of them being this is New Year's Eve.  How about living it up a little?
I'm serious.  I've got a few ideas.
Want me to start right now? Maybe there's some paper around.
Drop that attitude.  Here's some- thing really worth while.
Who wants true? Who wants moving?
Maybe that's why it's good. It's true, it's moving.  Now why don't you use that character...
I had a teacher like that once.
The flashback in the courtroom, when she tells about being a school teacher.
Now if I got you correctly, there was a short stretch of my fiction you found worthy of notice.
How about the Rainbow Room?
Is there someplace we can talk?
Except for about six pages. You've got a flashback there ...
Thank you.
I didn't.
Dark Windows.  How did you like it?
There's one called....Window... something with a window.
Why, you sweet kid.
I felt a little guilty, so I got out some of your old stories.
What for? To recover that knife you stuck in my back?
I've been hoping to run into you.
Thanks.
You forgot this.
About that luggage.  Where's the phone?
Hurt feelings department.
Sure.  Bases Loaded.
Let me help you.  Betty Schaeter, Sheldrake's office.
So you take Plot 27-A, make it glossy, make it slick --
That was last year.  This year I'm trying to earn a living.
Perhaps the reason I hated Bases Loaded is that I knew your name. I'd always heard you had some talent.
Exactly what kind of material do you recommend?  James Joyce? Dostoosvsky?
I'm sorry, Mr. Gillis, but I just don't think it's any good. I found it flat and banal.
If I could be of any help...
I'm not worried.  Everything will be fine.  The old team together. Nothing can stop us.
Goodbye, young fellow.  We'll see what we can do.
You know, crazy things happen in this business.  I hope you haven't lost your sense of humor ...
Did you see them? Did you see how they came?
Gordon Cole... Look, Norma, I'm in the middle of a rehearsal.  Make yourself comfortable.
And if you hadn't been pretty darned interested in that script, he wouldn't have tried to get me on the phone ten times.
Gordon Cole?
Don't play innocent.  Somebody named Gordon Cole.
What assistant?
Then you could have picked up the phone yourself instead of leaving it to one of your assistants.
Yes, I did.
That's no excuse.  You read the script, didn't you?
I'm pretty busy, as you can see...
You'd better.  I'm very angry.
Norma, I want to apologize for not calling you.
Lots of people were.  Lindbergh had just landed in Paris.  Come on in.
Last time I saw you was someplace very gay.  I remember waving to you. I was dancing on a table.
Hello, Mr. deMille.
Hello, young fellow.
But remember, darling -- I don't work before ten in the morning, and never after 4:30 in the afternoon.
Nothing would thrill me more -- if it were possible.
I don't care about the money. I just want to work again.  You don't know what it means to know that you want me.
It's got a lot of good things.  Of course, it would be an expensive picture...
It's a good script, isn't it?
That's what I want to talk to you about.
We'll be working again, won't we, Chief? We'll make our greatest picture.
We've missed you too, dear.
Nothing.  I just didn't realize what it would be like to come back to the old studio.  I had no idea how I'd missed it.
What's the matter, Norma?
No one leaves a star.  That makes one a star.
Goodbye.  Norma.
I'm the greatest star of them all.
Norma, grow up.  You're a woman of fifty.  There's nothing tragic about being fifty - not unless you try to be twenty-five.
You heard him.  I'm a star!
That isn't true! Max?
You tell her, Max.  Come on, do her that favor.  Tell her there isn't going to be any picture -- there aren't any fan letters, except the ones you write yourself.
That's a lie!  They want me, they want me!  I get letters every day!
De Mille didn't have the heart to tell you.  None of us has had the heart.
Wanted what?
He was trying to spare your feelings. The studio wanted to rent your car.
What about the studio? What about De Mille?
No, they don't.
That's a lie!  They still want me!
Wake up, Norma.  You'd be killing yourself to an empty house.  The audience left twenty years ago. Now face it.
You don't care.  do you?  But hundreds of thousands of people will carel
Oh.  sure -- if it would make a good scene.
See, you didn't believe me!.. Now I suppose you don't think I have the courage!
You think I made that up about the gun...
That's between you and yourself, Norma.
You can't do this!  Max!  Max! ... I can't face life without you, and I'm not afraid to die, you know.
Norma, you'd be throwing it away. I don't qualify for the job, not any more.
These are nothing.  You can have anything you want if you'll only stay.  What is it you want -- money?
And I'd take it in a second, Norma -- only it's a little too dressy for sitting behind the copy desk in Dayton, Ohio.
It's yours, Joe.  I gave it to you.
The rest of the jewelry is in the top drawer.
Max is a good idea.  He can help with my luggage.  Thanks for letting me wear the handsome wardrobe.  And thanks for the use of all the trinkets.
No, you're not.  Max! Max!
Yes, I am, Norma.
What are you doing, Joe?  What are you doing?  You're not leaving me?
Of course you haven't.  I wouldn't let you.
I haven't done anything, Norma.
Of course not, Joe.  It's just that I don't want to be left alone. Not now, while I'm under this terrible strain.  My nerves are being torn apart.  All I ask is for you to be a little patient and a little kind.
All right, I drove to the beach. Norma, you don't want me to feel I'm locked up in this house?
No you didn't.  You took the car.
I went for a walk.
I just happen to know it.  I had a nightmare and I screamed for you.  You weren't here.  Where were you?
Why do you say that?
You went out last night, didn't you, Joe?
I think I'll read a little.
You'd better get to bed yourself.
Good.
I was a little worried about the line of my throat.  This woman has done wonders with it.
Good.
I've lost half a pound since Tuesday.
Good night.
I just came to say good night. I don't want you to see me -- I'm not very attractive.
Yes, Norma.
Don't turn around.  Keep your eyes on the book.
He'a a shrewd old fox.  He can smell box office.  Only I'm going to outfox him a litt1e.  This isn't going to be C. B. deMille's Salome. It's going to be Norma Desmond's Salome, a Norma Desmond Production, starring Norma Desmond...Home, Max.
He must be quite a guy.
It couldn't have gone better. It's practically set.  Of course, he has to finish this picture first, but mine will be his next.
How did it go?
Thank you, darling.
I don't think so.  It's your script.  It's your show. Good luck.
Don't you want to come along, darling?
I know that trick! He wants to belittle me.  He's trying to get my price down.  I've waited twenty years for this call.  Now Mr. deMille can wait till I'm good and ready.
Maybe deMille is shooting.
How do you like that? We've made twelve pictures together. His greatest successes.
All right.  Give me this.  I need it for a moustache.  Now close your eyes.
Nothing is the matter.  I'm having a great time.  Show me some more.
I can still see myself in the line: Bebe Daniels, Marie Prevost, Mabel Normand ... Mabel was always stepping on my feet ...What's the matter with you, darling?  Why are you so glum?
Where are your...?
Where are my cigarettes?
I ran into some people I knew.
What on earth, darling? It took you hours.
You're a darling.
Pull up at the drugstore, will you, Max.  I'll get you some.
They're awful.  They make me cough.
Have one of mine.
So he said it quite a few years ago.  So what?  I never looked better in my life.  Do you know why?  Because I've never been as happy in my life.
When did he say it, Norma?
I'm not just selling the script. I'm selling me.  DeMille always said I was his greatest star.
I hope you realize, Norma, that scripts don't sell on astrologers' charts.
DeMille is Leo.  I'm Scorpio. Mars has been transmitting Jupiter for weeks.  Today is the day of greatest conjuction. Now turn around.  Let me dry you.
Did she read the script?
This is the right day.
You're really going to send it to De Mille?
I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again!
Not until you promise to act like a sensible human being.
Why don't you just say thank you and go, go, go --
Look, I was making that up because I thought the whole thing was a mistake.  I didn't want to hurt you. You've been good to me.  You're the only person in this stinking town that has been good to me.
Go away.  Go to that girl of yours.
Great stars have great pride.
It sure would have made attractive headlines: Great Star Kills Her- self for Unknown Writer.
To fall in love with you -- that was the idiotic thing.
What kind of a silly thing was that to do?
Go away.
What you're trying to say is that you don't want me to love you.  Is that it?
Why not? What I'm trying to say is that I'm all wrong for you. You want a Valentino -- somebody with polo ponies -- a big shot --
Who? Some car hop, or a dress extra?
Has it ever occurred that I may have a life of my own? That there may be some girl I'm crazy about?
What right? Do you want me to tell you?
What right do you have to take me for granted?
What's the matter with you?
Cut out that us business.
I own three blocks downtown. I have oil in Bakersfield -- pumping, pumping, pumping. What's it for but to buy us anything we want.
Keep it.
Shut up.  I'm rich.  I'm richer than all this new Hollywood trash. I've got a million dollars.
Norma, I can't take it.  You've bought me enough.
"Mad about the boy."
What are the notes?
I'm in love with you.  Don't you know that? I've been in love with you all along.
What's that?
Is it funny that I'm in love with you?
A little.
You think this is all very funny.
Come midnight, how about blind- folding the orchestra and smash- ing champagne glasses on Max's head?
Hold me tighter.
I understand some rich guy bought up all the tickets for a perfor- mance at the Metropolitan and sat there listening to La Traviata, all by himself.  He was afraid of catching cold.
There are no other guests.  We don't want to share this night with other people.  This is for you and me.
The other guests?
Who?
It's a quarter past ten.  What time are they supposed to get here?
It's those feathers.  They tickle.
Don't bend back like that.
Just follow me.
Not on the same floor with Valentino!
Careful, it's slippery.  I had it waxed.
Shouldn't we wait for the others?
Cute.  Let's have some drinks.
Now, I'm not going to wear ear- rings, I can tell you that.
I don't like those studs they've sent.  I want you to have pearls. Nice big pearls.
You know, to me dressing up was always just putting on my dark blue suit.
Come here!
All padding.  Don't let it fool you.
Come on!

Joe,  you look absolutely divine.  Turn around!
You'll need them for parties. You'll need them for New Year's Eve.  Where are your evening clothes?
Tails.  That's ridiculous.
Of course you do.  A tuxedo and tails.
I don't need a tuxedo.
How about some evening clothes?
Why begrudge me a little fun? I just want you to look nice, my stray little boy.
I don't need any clothes, and I certainly don't want you buy- ing them for --
Nothing, if you work in a fill- ing station.  And I'm getting rather bored with that sport jacket, and those same baggy pants.  Max, what's a good men's shop in town?  The very best... Well, go there !
What's wrong with It?
That's a dreadful shirt you're wearing.
Now you're being silly.  We don't need two cars.  We have a car.  And not one of thuse cheap new things made of chromium and spit.  An Isotta-Fraschini.  Have you ever heard of Isotta-Fraschinis?  All hand-made.  Cost me twenty-eight thousand dollars.
It is to me.  That's why I came to this house.  That's why I took this job -- ghost writing!
Oh...and I thought it was a matter of life and death.
I've lost my car.
Now what is it?  Where's the fire?
Can't you wait till I'm dummy?
I need some money right now.
Please.  Now I've forgotten how many spades are out.
They've come for my car.
Not now, my dear.  I'm playing three no trump.
I want to talk to you for a minute.
Okay.
They don't?  Then why do they still write me fan letters every day. Why do they beg me for my photo- graphs?  Because they want to see me, me, me!  Norma Desmond.
Honestly, it's a little old hat. They don't want that any more.
Cut away from me?
The one where you go to the slave market.  You can cut right to the scene where John the Baptist -
What scene?
Just a scene I cut out.
What's that?
Suppose you make up your mind. Do you want this job or don't you?
Unpack nothing.  I didn't say I was staying.
Now, now, don't let's be small about such matters.  We won't keep books.  Go on, unpack Mr. Gillis' things.
Okay.  We'll deduct it from my salary.
You proud boy, why didn't you tell me you were having difficulties.
I'm used to paying my own bills.
It's all taken care of.  It's all paid for.
I'll take care of that.
You can't work in an apartment where you owe three months' rent.
Thanks for the invitation, but I have my own apartment.
You'll like it here.
Look, I'm supposed to fix up your script.  There's nothing in the deal about my staying here.
I don't know why you should be so upset.  Stop that playing, Max.  It seemed like a good idea -- if we are to work together.
I'll come early tomorrow.
You can stay here.
There sure is.
There's something wrong with your car, you said.
Hollywood.  The Alto Nido Apart- ments.
Where do you live?
The name is Gillis.  I'm single.
Are you married, Mr.  -- ?
It's getting kind of late --
Oh no.  I couldn't let it out of my house.  You'll have to finish it here.
Maybe I'd better take the rest of the script home and read it -
I wouldn't worry about money. I'll make it worth your while.
You know, I'm pretty expensive. I get five hundred a week.
I don't care.
Me?  I'm busy.  Just finished one script.  I'm due on another assignment.
I want you to do this work.
Thank you.
Sagittarius.  I like Sagittarians. You can trust them.
December twenty-first.
What month?
I don't know.
Who?  I'd have to have somebody I can trust.  When were you born -- I mean, what sign of the zodiac?
Of course not.  But it ought to be organized.  Just an editing job.  You can find somebody.
I will not have it butchered.
It certainly could use a pair of shears and a blue pencil.
What for?  I can say anything I want with my eyes.
Sure you did.  That's what makes it great.  What it needs is a little more dialogue.
I wrote that with my heart.
Maybe it's a little long and maybe there are some repetitions... but you're not a professional writer.
Of course it is.
This is fascinating.
Well?
I am not afraid.  Read it!
Right now?  Never let another writer read your stuff.  He may steal it.
They will love it every place.  Read it.  Read the scene just before she has him killed!
They'll love it in Pomona.
Salome -- what a woman! What a part! The Princess in love with a Holy man.  She dances the Dance of the Seven Veils.  He rejects her, so she demands his head on a golden tray, kissing his cold, dead lips.
Fair enough.
I hate that word.  It is a return. A return to the millions of people who have never forgiven me for deserting the screen.
Only asking.  I did't know you were planning a comeback.
Who else ?
And you'll play Salome?
We've made a lot of pictures together.
Uh-huh.
It's the story or Salome.  I think I'll have DeMille direct it.
Looks like enough for six impor- tant pictures.
This is to be a very important picture.  I have written it myself.  Took me years.
Depends on what it is -- a Donald Duck or Joan or Arc.
How long is a movie script these days?  I mean, how many pages?
Or teach it a better tune.
The wind gets in that blasted pipe organ.  I ought to have it taken out.
Sure have.  The last one I wrote was about cattle rustlers. Before they were through with it, the whole thing played on a torpedo boat.
And you have written pictures, haven't you?
I think that's what it says on my driver's license.
Are you or aren't you?
Why?
You're a writer, you said.
Yeah?
Just a minute, you!
Get out!
Ssh! You'll wake up that monkey.
You are! Writing words, words! You've made a rope of words and strangled this businessl But there is a microphone right there to catch the last gurgles, and Technicolor to photograph the red, swollen tongue!
Don't get sore at me.  I'm not an executive.  I'm just a writer.
Look at them in the front offices -- the master minds! They took the idols and smashed them.  The Fairbankses and the Chaplins and the Gilberts and the Valentinos. And who have they got now?  Some nobodies -- a lot of pale little frogs croaking pish-poshl
That's where the popcorn business comes in.  You buy yourself a bag and plug up your ears.
They're dead.  They're finished. There was a time when this busi- ness had the eyes of the whole wide world.  But that wasn't good enough.  Oh, nol They wanted the ears of the world, too.  So they opened their big mouths, and out came talk, talk, talk...
I knew there was something wrong with them.
I am big.  It's the pictures that got small.
I know your face.  You're Norma Desmond.  You used to be in pictures.  You used to be big.
Or shall I call my servant?
Sure.  Wait a minute -- haven't I seen you -- ?
Get out.
I'm sorry, and I'm sorry you lost your friend, and I don't think red is the right color.
It is not.  Get out.
I had some trouble with my car. Flat tire.  I pulled into your garage till I could get a spare. I thought this was an empty house.
Lady.  you've got the wrong man.
How much will it be?  I warn you - don't give me a fancy price just because I'm rich.
I don't care anyway.  I want the coffin to be white.  And I want it specially lined with satin. White, or deep pink.
I wouldn't know.
It was I who asked to come back, humiliating as it may seem.  I could have gone on witn my career, only I found everything unendur- able arter she divorced me.  You see, I was her rirst husband.
And she's turned you into a servant.
I directed all her early pictures. There were three young directors who showed promise in those days: D.W. Grirrith, C.B. deMille, and Max von Mayerling.
You made her a star?
She never will.  That is my job. It has been for a long time.  You must understand I discovered her when she was eighteen.  I made her a star.  I cannot let her be destroyed.
Sure you are.  And we're not help- ing her any, feeding her lies and more lies.  Getting herself ready for a pioture ...  What happens when she finds out?
It's just that I'm very worried about Madame.
Why don't you? I'm writing a script and I'm dying to finish it, no matter what.
I'm not inquiring where Mr. Gillis goes every night...
How about my going up the kitchen stairs and undressing in the dark. Will that do it?
You must be very careful as you cross the patio.  Madame may be watching.
What is it, Max? Want to wash the car, or are you doing a little spying in your off hours?
What?
I just found out why all those tele- phone calls.  It is not Miss Desmond they want.  It is the car they want to rent.
What's the matter, Max?
He had a great big bungalow on wheels.  I had the upstairs.  See where it says 'Readers' Department'? I remember my walls were covered with black patent leather...
That didn't leave much for Wallace Reid.
You see those offices there, Mr. Gillis? They used to be her dressing room, The whole row.
Right with you.
Mr. Gillis, if you please.
She is upstairs.
How is she?
I don't know, sir.  Madame made the arrangements.
No, I haven't.  I suppose all the waxworks are coming?
I'd better press your evening clothes, sir.  You have not for- gotten Madame's New Year's party.
You send them.  Is that it, Max?
I wouldn't look too closely at the postmarks.
Why?  Her career?  She got enough out of it.  She's not forgotten. She still gets those fan letters.
We have to be very careful.  No sleeping pills, no razor blades. We shut off the gas in her bed- room.
Uh-huh?
Madame's doctor.  She has moments of melancholy.  There have been some suicide attempts.
What doctor?
The doctor suggested it.
How come?
There are no locks anywhere in this house.
Hey, what's this with the door? There isn't any lock.
It was the room of the husband. Or of the husbands, I should say. Madame has been married three times.
Whose room was this?
They found your car in the garage.  They are going to tow it away.
Good.
That's what I told them.
I'm not here.
Some men are here.  They asked for you.
Who said you could?  Who asked you to?
Why are you so upset?  Is there anything missing?
Is that so!
Naturally.  I brought them myself.
I'm talking to you.  My clothes and things are up in the room.
You did, sir. GILLIS' VOICE He goes out.  Gillis     I pegged him as slightly looks after him, hangs   cuckoo, too.  A stroke maybe. his coat over a chair,   Come to think of it, the walks over to the win-   whole place seemed to have dow, pulls down the      been stricken with a kind of rickety Venetian blind.  creeping paralysis, out of As he does so, he looks  beat with the rest of the down at:                 world, crumbling apart in slow motion ...
I sure turned into an interesting driveway.
She was the greatest.  You wouldn't know.  You are too young.  In one week she got seventeen thousand fan letters.  Men would bribe her mani- curist to get clippings from her fingernails.  There was a Maharajah who came all the way from Hyderabad to get one of her stockings.  Later, he strangled himself with it.
Thanks.  Say, she's quite a character, that Norma Desmond.
There is the bathroom.  I put in soap and a toothbrush.
It will never make house Beautiful. I guess it's O.K. for one night.
This room has not been used for a long time.
Thanks.  How did you know I was going to stay, this afternoon?
I made your bed this afternoon.
For me?  Okay.
Madame is waiting.
Suppose you listen just for a minute -
Dressed for what?
You are not dressed properly.
Wipe your feet!
Look, maybe I'd better take my car --
Go on in.
I just put my car in the garage. I had a blow-out.  I thought --
You say the cutest things.
Sure we believe you, only now we want you to believe us.  That car better be back here by noon tomorrow, or there's going to be fireworks.
You don't believe me?  Look in the garage.
Had to get away for his health, I suppose.
I lent it to a friend of mine. He took it up to Palm Springs.
Is that So?
Relax, fans.  The car isn't here.
What car?
We've come for the car.
That's right.
Joseph C. Gillis?
Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.
Could I?  Gillis, last year some- body talked me into buying a ranch in the valley.  So I borrowed money from the bank so I could pay for the ranch.  This year I had to mortgage the ranch so I could keep up my life insurance so I could borrow on the insurance so I could pay my income tax.  Now if Dewey had been elected -
Look, Mr. Sheldrake, could you let me have three hundred bucks yourself, as a personal loan?
There's nothing, Gillis.  Not even if you were a relative.
Any kind of assignment.  Additional Dialogue.
Haven't got a thing.
Along is no good.  I need it now.
Sure, Gillis.  If something should come along -
You trying to be funny?  -- because I'm all out of laughs.  I'm over a barrel and I need a job.
Now wait a minute.  If we made it a girls' softball team, put in a few numbers.  Might make a cute musical: It Happened in the Bull Pen -- the story of a Woman.
Frankly, no.
Of course, we're always looking for a Betty Hutton.  Do you see it as a Betty Hutton?
Mr. Sheldrake, I don't want you to think I thought this was going to win any Academy Award.
Well, seems like Zanuck's got himself a baseball picture.
No, that was me.  I said, Who wants to see a Civil War picture?
Oh, you're one of the message kids.  Just a story won't do. You'd have turned down Gone With the Wind.
Get the Readers' Department and see what they have on Bases Loaded.
Bases Loaded.  There's a 4O-page outline.
Got a title?
More or less.  Only for the end I've got a gimmick that's real good.
So they tell the kid to throw the World Series, or else, huh?
It's about a ball player, a rookie shortstop that's batting 347.  The poor kid was once mixed up in a hold- up.  But he's trying to go straight -- except there's a bunch of gamblers who won't let him.
All right, Gillis.  You've got five minutes.  What's your story about?
Maybe what you need is another agent.
What do you think I've been doing? I need three hundred dollars.
Greatest thing that could happen to you.  Now you'll have to sit behind that typewriter.  Now you'll have to write.
Forget Romanoff's.  It's the car I'm talking about.  If I lose my car it's like having my legs out off.
Don't you know the finest things in the world have been written on an empty stomach?  Once a talent like yours gets into that Mocambo- Romanoff rut, you're through.
How's that about your being my friend?
Gillis, get this through your head.  I'm not just your agent. It's not the ten per cent.  I'm your friend.
No?
So you need three hundred dollars? Of course, I could give you three hundred dollars.  Only I'm not going to.
Okay.  And let's have the car right outside.
Well, it's one way to get her down stairs.
Was theft involved?  Did you catch him trying to steal something, or find he had stolen something?
Did you hate him?  Had you ever thought of doing something like this before?
Did the deceased ever threaten you? Were you in fear of bodily injury?
Had he been trying to blackmail you?
Did he have a wife?  Did he had a girl friend?  Did you know them?
This guy -- where did you meet him for the first time?  Where did he come from? Who is he?
If it was a quarrel, how come you had the gun right there?
Was it a sudden quarrel?  Had there been any trouble between you before?
Did you intend to kill him? Just answer me that.
You do not deny having killed this man, Miss Desmond?
All right.  Camera!  Action!
Oh, yes, yes.  They're below, waiting for the Princess ... I'm ready.
This is the staircase of the palace.
What is the scene? Where am I?
They have?  Thank you, Max.  Tell Mr. DeMille I will be on the set at once.
The cameras have arrived, Madame.
Cameras? ...What is it, Max?
Thank you, Max.
If you will pardon me, Madame. The shadow over the left eye is not quite balanced.
Very good, Madam.
Say that I'm busy, and hang up.
I myself was surprised at Mr. de Mille's manners.
Certainly it's important.  It's important enough for Mr. deMille to call me personally.  The idea of having an assistant call me!
It is not Mr. deMille in person. It is someone by the name or Gordon Cole.  He says it's very important.
Now, now do you belive me? I told you deMille would jump at it.
Paramount studios.
Who?
Paramount is calling.
You know better than to interrupt me.
Madame is wanted on the telephone.
Yes, Madame.
Wait a minute.  I want you to get out the car.  You're going to take the script over to Paramount and deliver it to Mr. De Mille in person.
Yes.  Madame.
Bring something to drink.
The Guardians will be angry. They may even send me to the Phantom Zone. You see, I didn't really have permission to borrow it. I must go explain to them...
But what will happen?
It couldn't be helped. The city will have to make do with three.
But the Power Source, Zaltar.
How can you create beauty...with a selfish heart? The spiky insect-creature flies closer and closer around the little girl's head, buzzing angrily. Her look of delight turns to fear. She tries to shoo the creature away. It flies off toward the thin membrane that encloses the city.
I'm an artist, Alura. My work comes first. Other people come second.
It's big. And empty. I'm tired of limiting myself to  Argo City. I want to do something new. I'm starting to repeat myself here with this airy, glittery stuff....
But the phantom Zone is for criminals.
I've discovered a new way into the Phantom Zone.
But where?
You and your husband have been kind to me, Alura. I have something to tell you: I'm going away. Soon.
What do you mean we?
And the first thing we do is get rid of Supergirl!
At last. Ultimate Power.
There's no need. I learned the Craft from my 						grandmother.
That little girl? Ha.  Now go on, get me some tools.
She didn't take it from you, did she?
I don't feel like it right now.
Shut up, and get me a hacksaw.
Sure glad you didn't let make a monkey of you.
Is it her that's bothering you--or your gardener?
No way. I'm not going to let that little hussy make a monkey out of me.
Home?
Yes. Whatever I say.  From now on.
Whatever you say.
I think I'd better keep it.
Yes, of course, it was foolish of me.
Next time, remind me to do this out in the yard.
The Naming of Names is not necessary. Just concentrate on her face. Your Shadow will do the rest.
What do I do?  I don't know her name.
That moment is now! What good is a sword unless it be unsheathed? Use it, and no one will dare oppose you again. No one.
I've been saving it. For the right moment.
Yes! You own the Coffer of Shadow. Nothing can withstand its power.
Am I? Still?
You can do it. You're the most powerful woman on Earth.
That's easy for you to say, Bianca.
Eliminate her.
Why did she have to show up now?
No, a super girl.
A Storm Dragon?
It's what we were warned about.
I came as quickly as I could. What is the danger?
Have fun.
He will be. In about five minutes.
Is he your entertainment for tonight?
Sorry, mistress.
Bianca, try not to be so bloodthirsty when you're at the wheel. OK?
And then, like great cats---we pounce! And destroy!
We'll bide our time and keep watch. Young girls just can't keep a secret. If one of them's up to something--we'll find out.
Drive on. We have already attracted enough attention.
But which one?
It must be the girls. One of the girls.
Softball.
Oh, fiddlesticks. What could be dangerous about a baseball game?
The danger. The one Nigel spoke of. It must be near .
What does it mean?
The Coffer of Shadow. Look at it.
What is it?
I said stop, I didn't say run into a brick wall.
There's no such thing as an accident. Everything has meaning, if you can read the signs.
Maybe it was just an accident.
It's a warning, that's for sure.
Is this Nigel's doing?
No problem. She can have it. I hate mountains.
I'm sorry, but I already promised Bianca she could have Switzerland. You know how she loves to ski.
Western Europe.
What do you want?
I don't want much, Selena. I have simple tastes.
Do you want to come to Argo City?
She's right. They'll string her up.
I'll come back as soon as I can.
No thanks. I have friends in the resistance. They'll vouch for me. I figure I might get a million bucks for my memoirs.
Turn it against her.
How do I fight it?
It's her shadow-self! Her dark side!
She has hostages.
You've had your fun, Selena, the game is over.
Yes.
And you can see how you feel about me, right?
Just one kiss. For old times' sake.
What?
Before you go...
You'll be safe here. I'll come back as soon as I have the Power Source.
Wait. Don't leave me.
I can see through walls. I could surprise her. The only thing I can't see through is lead, that's why I didn't see the Power Source at the amusement park.
In this big old house on Orchard Avenue---but you better stay away from there.
That's the Power Source that was lost from Argo City! That's what I came: to find! Where does she live?
I know what it is. She has this lead container shaped like a gargoyle. Inside there's a silvery ring...
There's something very dangerous about her. Something evil...
She'll forget about us eventually.
Aren't you forgetting about Selena?
Why not? You're a good-looking girl. And I'm--- available.
Are you asking me for a "date"?
Hey, listen, when all this blows over, maybe we could get together every now and then and see each other. And maybe something might. happen again. What do you think?
Feelings are real. Once you've had them, they're yours forever.
But what if---it wasn't real?
I don't see why not.
You think so?
And now...the guitars are out of tune, and the words don't make sense, and somebody unplugged the mike...
And now?
What I had before. What's not there now. It's like I woke up and found part of me wasn't there any more: something that made me feel really alive and aware of things. It was like, for the first time in my life, everything fitted together perfectly---you and me and the world around us--like we were a wonderful song...
Miss what?
I know I was acting funny---I'm sorry. It's just...I miss it.
It seemed that way to me.
I'm not mad at you.
Hello. Are you still mad at me?
Hi.
But I don't understand.
That makes it worse.
I sort of like what you said.
Because you remind me of all the dumb things I said.
But why?
Away. From you.
Like turning off a light.
Just like that?
I don't love you any more.
What wouldn't last? What's the matter with you?
She said it wouldn't last.
Ethan---when I said 'a while' I meant a couple of hours.
Great! I'II build a house-- right over there, with a veranda looking out to sea. And I'll plant a garden! Papayas, pineapples, bananas, mangoes--- anything'll grow here. And I'II fish in the lagoon, and we can go sailing in a dugout canoe, and---
You can't just abandon me.  Alone.
But I have to go back. I brought you here so you'd be safe. From her.
It's paradise . We could be very happy here.
I thought I'd show you one of my favourite places.
Terrific.
Is this how?
Well...I guess one is all right.
If we wait until we understand everything we'll be dead. Come on. You can learn more from one kiss than from years in school.
Of course not, but...there are things we don't understand.
You're not afraid are you?
No.
Let me kiss you.
What's that?
There's one sure way to find out how you feel.
What do you feel about me?
Of Course I don't hate you. I  don't hate anyone.
You don't like me? You hate me?
All this talk about love, it's silly.
Just give me a chance to show how much I love you. Love changes everything. Love makes everything possib1e.
We're from different worlds.
Why not ?
We can't do that.
I'll be safe with you. We can stay together the rest of our lives.
But be reasonable. If I don't do something to stop her she'll try again. And maybe hurt you.
I don't want you to go near her. She's bad news.
Tell me where I can find her.
Let's talk about us, not her.
Ethan, tell me more about this woman who's after you.
I used to work here summers when I was a kid.
Come on, let's ride.
It's not important. The important thing is I'm here to find something and I think you can he1p me.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
No. Argo City. It was on a chunk of rock that was part of Krypton once---but we moved it to inner space.
Where Superman's from? Krypton?
Yes. It reminds me of home.
Like it?
They don't care, they're tearing it down for a shopping centre.
Are you sure it's all right for us to be here?
This is my favourite place in the city.
I know just the place. Hang a left at the Amalgamated Tower.
We have to have a long talk about all this.
My angel. My goddess. I feel I've always loved you all my life. I'll die if I can't spend the rest of my life just looking at you, holding you in my arms...
You love me?
That woman who's after me. She hates you. Because she knows I love you.
Who didn't?
You're alive! She didn't kill you!
Relax. Tomorrow this will all seem like a bad dream. Goodbye.
When can I see, you again ?
I have to.
Don't leave me.
Later.
Let me out. I have to talk to you.
I'm taking you to the hospital.
What's happening?
It's for your own protection.
Wait...don't leave me in here...
Well thanks a pile, fella.
I did.
Hey, I thought you were gonna mention us upstairs.
I'll mention it upstairs.
Can you get us out? It's all a misunderstanding. We thought they were selling hamburgers in that place.
A little.
Remember me? We were in a disaster together.
Hmmm?
Hey! Ethan!
That one was for you. But I thought I'd wait and see how you behave when Supergirl gets here. I'd hate to lose you, Ethan.
Why the empty cage?
I'm ready for her. I'll show you.
Well...I guess I can't.
You can't put her out of your mind, is that it?
Supergirl?
You're a regular Einstein, aren't you?
I don't know. You seem afraid.
Guess! Go on.
Yeah.
They want me. Doesn't it make you proud?
Careful, don't make me angry. I start fires when I'm angry.
You vicious--
You've been without water for a whole day. Let's see how thirsty you get in a week.
Go on,  talk big! I'll soon have you purring like a kitten.
If that worked, you would've done it already. No, you want me to drink it of my own free will. Well let me tell you, sweetheart, it'll be a cold day in hell before I fall for that one again.
I could force you.
I'm wise to your tricks, lady.
I never met a man I couldn't have--and you're no different from the rest!
No!
Come back to my house. My car's outside.
I don't want your help.
This is your problem, right here. This girl's driving you insane, Ethan. Let me help you.
Nurse! Help !
Don't think I'm weak, just because I'm a woman. I have Power. Give in, stop fighting me, Ethan. I always get what I want.
Nurse!
You can't escape from me that easily. I'm afraid you don't know who I am.
Nurse! Nurse!
Forget her, you're mine. I saw you first.
But she is real, it wasn't just a concussion.
Yes, yes I saw the whole thing. How could you be interested in that puny little girl?
It's the truth. In twenty-four hours you'll forget all about that girl.
Why should I believe you?
This "love" of yours will soon wear off. I gave you a temporary love potion.
I know it.
And you think you're in love.
They think I have a concussion.
What an adorable hat.
Oh no, not you again.
I'll drink to that.
To us. And to the seeds we'll plant together.
Well, just one.
A passionfruit smoothee.
What is it?
Oh, you know how parties are. Always some damage.
What's that big black scar on the ground? Like a fire.
I bet they do.
I have a lot of repeat business. People seem to like my service.
You must be very popular in the neighborhood. I always see your truck parked around.
Come in, have a drink, we'll talk.
Well, there's several ways to go .
Finished your estimate?
Call me next week. Maybe we can have lunch.
What about my proposal?
I've got things to do.
Hey, where you going?
George---I thought you'd never ask.
Marry me, Selena. The hardware store doesn't bring in much now, but...
Why George, are you proposing?
Selena, I've been thinking. It's time I settled down---and I don't know a nicer lady to settle down with than you.
Better eat it quick. It won't look too pretty when it's all covered with ants.
You sure are a good cook, Selena. Man, that looks too pretty to eat.
The scoop of the year!
Yes.
Say---you think that's the same guy who was in the accident with Lucy?
Someone's chasing him.
It's no trouble. I'd like to ask you some more questions.
Oh, no thanks.
Can I give you a lift?
Well, Lucy, it's nice to see you're feeling better. Nice to meet you, Jimmy.
Gosh, what do you suppose .that is?
I knew it ! He's working on a  hot scoop !
He's off doing a top secret uh, investigation.
Where is your cousin Clark, by the way?
Can I quote you?
I believe there's a rational explanation for everything. But I don't know what it is.
How Lucy and that guy got to the hospital. And all that damage at the school. The police are calling it a freak tornado. I'd like to interview you for the Daily- -
Theories?
Do you have any theories about last night?
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. Lucy's told me all about you. Your cousin Clark taught me everything I know about the newspaper business.
You're supposed to guess.
Why didn't you tell me?
You bet your ass.
You were? You mean we could've been... you-know-what... all this time?
Remember? I was trying desperately to get you're attention.
I've been in love with you for years. Remember how you used to visit your sister in the newsroom? And put your fingerprints on my lens.
I heard stories.  I don't think you wanna know.
I wish they'd tell us what they're going to do with us.
I sure wish Superman was around. He wouldn't let any of this go on. Not for one minute.
Lucy! Be serious. We could be executed for  treason!
I can't help it if men notice me.
Did anybody notice you?
I saw them dragged out of the Administration Building.
How do you know?
I had to dump the papers in a trashcan. The Danvers have been arrested!
Oh, sure.
Jimmy, would you please put those poor flowers in water before they die?
-- Planet. I mean, you were there. Do you think it was natural, or like some people are claiming, supernatural?
Oh, Jimmy, can't you forget about your career for one second?
As brave as my father. As wise.
Be brave, my .daughter. Be wise.
Why haven't you been able to contact him? He should have returned from the neutron galaxy ages ago. He may be dead. ZOR-EL But what can you, a mere girl-
Superman will return it.
I allowed it to escape the City.
Years ago. And it was Zaltar who stole it.
It was my fault we lost the Power Source.
But Kara, no one has ever gone from here to Earth. The journey is dangerous.
I am almost an adult. This is what I want.
It was my fault. You aren't old enough to use the wand. I shouldn't have given it to you.
I'm sorry... I didn't know.
Can you create life?
You see, a tree is a living thing.
Wait till you're older. Here -- watch this.
I don't understand.
Even I have trouble with that sometimes. Earth is in outer space. And we're in inner space.
Yes, I know the equations---I just can't see it in my head.
Didn't you study six-dimensional geometry in school?
Where is Earth?
It's something they have on Earth. You know, where your cousin went.
What's a tree?
It's going to be a tree, I think.
What are you making:
Again? You're getting real tight with them. You're gonna be a straight-A student---just kidding, thanks for coming.
I have to get back. I'm having dinner with the Danvers.
You're not gonna stay for the ice cream?
Nice? He's cute enough to melt lead!
He's nice.
Listen, I know I've been saying you ought party more, but keep your hands off this one, will yak? He's private property. I've been waiting years for him to develop.
Mr. Danvers called. I'll get a new one with the insurance money. B.F.D.
I'm afraid I have some bad news about your car.
Somebody's gotta do something!!
Lucy; come back!
I dunno, but he's gonna get creamed.
Why is he acting so strangely?
Please, as a favour to me? So I won't  be the only girl?
It doesn't seem right.
Go back, sign in, and climb out the bathroom window. McCloskey's always zonked out: she'll never hear you.
Oh, I don't know. I'm not signed out for an overnight.
Linda babes! There's this all-night party at Eddie's... his folks are away...
You sure?
No thanks. You go on.
It was just a trim.
Your hair looks the same.
She just hates anybody who isn't afraid of her.
But what for?
Keep an eye peeled for Myra. She's out to get you.
Must've been a defective puck.
How'd you do that?
She's a beast.
She did that deliberately.
Thank you. You're very kind.
Oh wow, I should've known. Me and my big mouth. Listen, you can borrow any of my clothes you want. Any time.
My cousin Clark is my only relative on Earth.
You're not...an orphan are you?
I'd rather not talk about it.
Since what?? Did you have a fire at your house or something?
I have money to buy more, but I haven't had a chance since...
This is all your clothes?
There isn't any.
No sweat. When's the rest of your stuff arriving?
I can do that.
Sure. Mate in five moves.
What? Me?
Thank you both so much. It was a lovely lunch, Mrs. Danvers. I had a wonderful time. And you're a terrific chess player MR. Danvers.
I'd love to.
Can't have you moping around the campus. Why don't you come home with us for dinner?
No, MR. Danvers.
No plans for the weekend, Linda?
Here it is. Oh...of course. You're the orphan. I'm so sorry about your parents. We'll try to make you happy here.
I mean, it would probably be there, if you received it.
I'm Linda Lee.
What can I do for you?
Oh, yes. Knocking. The pre-entry signal. I forgot.
Don't you believe in knocking?
Nonsense.
Why get rid of her at al1? You've used the Coffer of Shadow too much.  It is beginning to rule your heart.
Maybe you'd like to get rid of this Supergirl yourself, Nigel?
You would! You revealed our existence so you could have all of our power.
Which of you is willing to make that sacrifice?
We are in great danger. A being has come to Earth with powers far beyond those of anyone member of the Craft.
You better have a pretty good explanation for this, Selena.
Such a shame. You ought to take better care of yourself.
Nothing's wrong with my skin.
I was just thinking, if I had your skin problems, I'd use a good tannisroot ointment. Every night.
...trust the wisdom of the ancients, trust the Great Mother to protect us... Why. are you staring at me like that?
I could teach you a thing or two now.
You used to listen to me. When you asked me to teach you something of the Craft.
You're wasting your breath.
I have to talk to you.
Nigel, get lost.
Throw him out.
You think you are on top now. Well there is someone coming to challenge you. I saw it in the cards this morning.
You Scorpios can never take a joke.
Balefire on you, Selena!
I need you like an Eskimo needs a lawnmower. Now burn rubber.
You need me, Selena. I'm the only one who can save you from a terrible fate.
Nigel, get out of here. And don't come slithering back. Nigel shakes his head.
Cigarette?
Bianca's taught me all! need to know. I'll be safe, as long as I don't go too far.
You're going to pay a terrible price. The power of Shadow is tricky. Use it too much and it takes over.
I just did. Because I have the Power.
You're not going anywhere. Except back to nowheresville. You're too impatient, Selena. Look around you--all these people have served years and years of apprenticeship. Some of their families have been in the Craft for generations. You can't join and take over our whole organization in a few months.
I have plans Nigel. You could come with me... I'm going places.
It may well be. I know how you won that election Selena. You can't fool me.
Cheer up, Nigel. It's not the end of the world.
That's home.
Yes, I see it. Shining like a jewel.
They'll be grateful. If you hadn't found it, it would still be lost. Look, up ahead.
It's everywhere. But water is always the door.
Where is inner space?
Sounds O.K. to me. Let's go.
It's the most beautiful place in the universe.
What's it like?
Your nightmares are over. I'm taking this back to Argo City where it won't be misused.  You could come too. It might be safer for you.
Ever since I found that thing I've been like a prisoner in a terrible nightmare. You have no idea how awful it is to be mean all the time.
For what?
I'm free. I can never thank you enough.
Not yet.
You've run out of things to throw, Selena.
It's just one more crime you'll have to pay for.
The Danvers. And two of your little friends.
Cheap but effective.
A cheap trick.
That ought to keep you out of my hair for a while.
I don't scare that easily.
I am Selena. Give him to me. Now. Or you'll both be sorry.
Who are you ?
Thank you. I'm going to close this up again.
That was meant for me!
Zaltar!
Goodbye...
Too late. Too late. Save yourself.
Zaltar. Use the wand!
It's Selena. I'm getting so I can recognise her work.
Yes, mustn't stop.
Don't stop. Keep moving.
What's that? Never saw anything like that.
Better than when I was a child.
You can use the wand.
Not doing this for you. Just sick of this place, that's all. Wretched singing sculptures, always yowling at you. Boring!
I heard my mother ask you once "how could a man with such a selfish heart create beauty?" She was wrong, Zaltar, you have a generous heart.
Going to try. Didn't say I could.
You're going to take me back?
Please. I have to get back to Earth. My friends are in trouble. And unless I bring back the Power Source, Argo City will die.
Superpowers. Got you in a lot of trouble, didn't they?
You could do anything. You could sculpt mountain ranges...draw with rainbows! You'd have superpowers.
Leave the zone? What would I do on Earth?
Then come with me.
Takes a long time, you know, learning the wand. Just begun to understand it myse1f. Give things a kind of life--can also take away life; works backwards too. Besides I can't let you take my wand. Only have the one, what would I do? I'd be helpless. It's out of the question.
No, it's no good---you can't practice--- you only get one go. A thing like that. No. Sure you don't want a sip of this? It's delicious, I think.
Then teach me how.
No, it wouldn't work, you couldn't, it's too--- if it didn't work you'd be swept into a singularity--- no, you'd never make it. Forget I mentioned it.
Why?
But it's impossible.
I knew it!
There is a way.
No, that's not true---there's well...no--
If there's a way in, there must be a way out.
There's no way out of the Zone. No one's ever escaped. That's why they send the criminals here.
Help me to get back to Earth. Where my friends are. They need me.
Of course, my dear. What can I do?
Zaltar, please help me.
Told you. Wouldn't listen to me. Knew it would make you sad.
That horrible woman!
The Phantom Zone overlooks everywhere.. If you have the right tools.
You look at them? How?
But what about other people? Don't you miss them?
What kind of a question is that? Of course: I am. I do whatever I want. All the time.
Are you happy, Zaltar?
No, no. Not lovely. 'Perfect'. Did everything just right. Nobody telling you to change this, move that around. Please yourself. That's the secret of happiness.
It's lovely. . .
Just feels, a little, like a tiny bit of Argo City...
What? Palace? Hardly.
...mid pleasures and palaces though I may roam..."
Criminals.
Others?
Well, nothing we can do about it. Come into my house. You can stay with me, until I build you your own place. I expect you won't want to mix with the others-- not our type of people.
I know.
It's dangerous to use a Power Source on Earth. It can unleash all sorts of terrible forces---
...but the person who has it. tricked me, and sent me to the Phantom Zone.
Shouldnt've done that.
Yes. I went there to find the lost Power Source...
Earth? You crossed the dimension barrier? By yourself?
I was on Earth...
This is the Phantom Zone. But why did you come here from Argo City?
What is this place?
Nope.  Never. 
Man, you don't never pass out, do ya?
Hey, man, that's a great name for a cocktail!
No, no, on the football field. They called me...  ...The Smallville Flash.
Brad?
Hey! Y'know what they used to call me in high school?
Brad is not a good name for a cocktail.
Brad.
Got vodka in it now. Gotta give it a new name. Hey, listen, you thought it up, we'll name it after you. What's your name?
What? What did you tell me?
Aha! What'd I tell ya!
There's no vodka in it.
Not enough vodka in it.
Sling. Singapore Sling. What's wrong?
S'not bad, s'very good, but... y'know what's wrong with this... Singapore...thing?
TUESDAY! I got to get it all set up in his office tonight before all those big shots come here tomorrow for the meeting!!
Tuesday.
Roebush! That's  the guy! Buddy, he's gonna nail our behinds to the wall! this is Special Order! He said he had to have it before...  Omigod!! What's tomorrow?
Mr. Roebush?
Good lord, fella! I'm talking about your boss.
What are you talkin' about?
First the supplier couldn't find the invoice. Then the order came up short. Then I missed the four o'clock plane from Cleveland and had to rent a car, and then I got a darn flat tire on the highway! Can you beat it? Boy, your boss must've been furious when I didn't show up by the end of the day today, huh?
What?
Buddy, are we in trouble.
Yeah? What do you want?
The kid will do fine on his own.  Give it your best shot, Ricky!
The kid needs a man to show him --
I just think Ricky would rather not get a bowling lesson in front of the other kids.
For a guy who was lucky to be water-boy on the high school team, you sure got a big mouth, Kent.
Say, Brad. I think he'll be better off doing it his way.
A natural athlete can play any sport. Any sport.
Uh, no, I didn't know that, Brad.
All the kid needs is a couple of pointers from the ol' champ here.  Kent, I bet you didn't know I won the all-country bowling trophy two years in a row.
I seem to be.
Hiya, sweet thing.  Little guy's getting' hassled, huh?  Kent, you still here?
Hiya, Kent, long time no see. Not that you ever could.  "See" I mean,  Hahaha!
Brad Wilson.
Here I am, honey, and I'm all yours.  Remember when you were Queen of the Prom? All the guys had to wait in line to get a dance.  But now there's only one name on your dance card, sweet thing, and it's --
Anyday...
But if you wouldn't mind settling for me --
I guess he misses a lot of dinners.
Well, he's going to get the best home-cooked meal he's had in... in a long time. You tell Superman we think he's wonderful.
No, well in this case I think I can speak for him.  I mean, I'm pretty close to him, you know.  Superman will be there on Wednesday.
Me too. That's why I put this one up.
Gee, I always loved porch swings.
Lana, I'm from Metropolis. I see Superman every day.
Well, aren't you excited?
Uh-huh.
He really was!
Can I help?
The dog's always doing that.  And the car's always doing that.
Oh, I wouldn't want to -- I mean, I'd want to, but I wouldn't want to...be a nuisance to you.
Call me.
No, what you said before, Could I make it in Metropolis? I've dreamed about it, sure, but I never really thought about it.  What would I do when I got there?
Ride a thresher? Well, I don't know. Girls are trying just about everything now but --
That's the biggest change in Smallville, you know. They've taken over this town. Everybody who isn't actually working for Wheat King -- like I do -- is out there --  on a Wheat King thresher.  Do you think I could do it? Do you?
No. I mean, yes they are, but I was talking about that.  Wheat King. Bet your bottom dollar that's a Wheat King thresher. 
Old ties are hard to cut.
I can never get a way from it.
You know, I was just thinking, Lana --  -- someone like you could do do really well in Metropolis --
So...how much longer do you think you'll be in Smallville --
Me neither...
Gee, I haven't laughed like that since -- since --  I really can't remember when.
Pate? What pate?  I didn't make any --  Oh, no, Clark. That's Buster's dog food.
Well, this pate is rather...unusual.
No, I mean Ricky. He's not interested in any of this stuff.
No, thanks.
Peanut butter and jelly.
I meant all the choices here. All this --  -- cole slaw, guacamole --  This is some picnic!
No, all the good ones are married. That's why Brad thinks he's God's gift to women. This woman anyway. He's single. He won't take no for an answer, but he's the only one who's asking. And he knows it.
There's a lot of choices here.
And even nicer when there's a man around, Which isn't all that often.
I'm talking about salt.  Oh, go ahead, pour it on, relax. That's what picnics are for.
Me??
Clark, I think you worry too much about mayonnaise.
Well, it's true you have to be careful things don't spoil, especially with mayonnaise or cream.
Some people don't think it's healthy.
Gee, I haven't done this in years.
I mean him.
But all he had was chocolate milk.
It isn't only that he's small for his age. how would you like to be the only kid in town without a father?  Look at him, he's stewed to the gills in the middle of the afternoon.
Hey, he'll be all right. Believe me Lana, I know. I was a late bloomer myself.
I just can't stand this.
I thought "Clark Kent has a really nice voice." You didn't even know I was there.
You thought that?
That song. I remember one day I came into the music room and you were fooling around at the piano. And I thought -- what am I going to do with all this potato salad?
Oh...I came close once.
You...um...you never got married?
Ricky. My little boy. At least here we've got a house. and I've got a job. Okay, I'm only a secretary, oaky, but it pays the bills. Except for last winter when the fuel bills kept going up and up and up.  I even had to pawn my diamond ring then.
Who?
That's easy to say. But how? And what about Ricky?
But Lana, you could --
No, the problem is --  Why do I stay in Smallville? Believe me, I've asked myself the same question. Do you know how lucky you are to live in Metropolis?  The Big Apricot.
I didn't --
Mayonnaise? Donald loved mayonnaise. Why would you think that was the problem.?
Too much mayonnaise?
You know what's the problem?
There must be a gallon of potato salad left over.
It sure is.
And three years after the Royal Wedding, the King abdicated.  Isn't that terrible?
The streamers? They're no problem, you just pull on them and --
You'd be surprised how many offers I didn't get. Even Brad wouldn't stick around for this.  It really isn't easy.
Sure, Lana, I'd love to.
I can't  Clark already asked me.  Didn't you?  He used to love this song.  Didn't you?  So he just said --  "Would you dance with me?"
For reminding me, I mean. Can you follow me?
You're welcome...??
And here I am, just standing here. That's terrible. Thank you.
You shouldn't say that, you're the chairman --  ...uh, chairperson...
You always did.  Can I give you a hand with that?
You look wonderful.
Clark.
Lana Lang. How great to see you.
I'm sorry, Mr. White, but I've got an errand to run.
Kent!
Uh...excuse me, folks...
Oh. You're going away.
-- but you  deserve the vacation, Lois.
Let me do it for you, Mr. White.
I'm getting a cramp in my elbow from this.
Look, I don't know, Kent. . . CLARK  Personally, I think it could be a terrific story!
Mr. White, please, I promised those people I'd get back to them by this morning. What do you think?
Please, Kent, not now. I'm trying to put out a newspaper here.
Hi, Lois. Morning, Jimmy, you've got mustard on your lapel. Excuse me, Mr. White, I don't mean to interrupt but ---
Actually, that's why I stopped by. He's realy sorry, he wanted to make it, but then he...ran into a problem.
Hi. Mister Kent.  Guess who Mom's having dinner with tonight? Superman!
Could you get me Superman's autograph?
Sure.
Mr. Kent, could I ask you something?
We get together sometimes.
Do you really know Superman?
What!
Mr. Kent! Superman was here!
Mom and I do this all the time.
Well...  Not quite like this.
Oh?
Gee, I'm sorry, Lois. But I've already got a lunch date. With Mr. White's new secretary.
I'd better be. Suddenly I've got competition to keep up with.  Your high school reunion article. I though it was terrific. And fascinating.  Especially about the girl back home.  I'll tell you what, Clark, I'll take you to lunch and you can tell me all about it.
You're the best, Lois.
Exactly what I was about to ask about me.
So, Mr. White? Can I go ahead and make my travel arrangements?
Take me, for instance. Going back to middle America after having become a Metropolis sophisticate --
Say!
Anyway, the reunion's just the hook for the story. What it's really about is how the typical small town's changed in the last fifteen years. how do you like this a title: Can You Go Home Again ?
You know what Mr. White said. A photographer always goes after a story.
What are you doing?
Keep talking to that state trooper so he doesn't notice where I'm going, okay?
At one o'clock in the morning?
Wow, what a beautiful sunrise!
What's that?
The thing is though, my cousin Arnold, Aunt Rosey's Arnold this is, he got mad when Uncle Al insulted his mother's stuffing, so now the problem is --
Mmmmm . . .
But my Uncle Al, on my father's side, he won't eat her stuffing, he says it should be cooked on the outside of the turkey and she puts the stuffing inside the turkey. So my mother told my Aunt Ellen . . . Aunt Ellen's my father's half-sister, I told you that, right?
I wouldn't know Mr. Kent. Most of the people I went to high school with are still in high school.
It's practically an American ritual, Mr. White! Isn't that so, Jimmy?

What about this week's check?
You are, I was about to say, no longer eligible.
Don't call me a bum! I ain't no bum!
Thirty-six weeks of chronic unemployment, thirty-six weeks of living off the taxes of hard-working citizens. Do you know what you are?
I know, I'm the fault.
Mr. Gorman, the city of Metropolis is generous to a fault, but. . .
Man, them people was crazy! How they 'spect you to learn all that jive on the first day? "Hold the pickle! Hold the lettuce! Extra onions! Special sauce! No special sauce!" Ain't nobody found no meat inside that glop yet.
The only other employment you found was in a fast-food joint--  -- which lasted. . . 28 minutes! Well! That's some kind of record. Talk about fast!
Well, it was one of them little bitty two-inch screen Japanese jobs.
A television set?
They said I lost it on the subway, but it ain't the truth! It was a pickpocket took it!
Not counting this week.  You secured employment last June as a messenger and were discharged after one day for. . .
Thirty-five.
Mr. Gorman, according to our records you have been unemployed for 36 weeks.
Nope, but --
Dishwasher? Any luck?
Kitchen. . . Technician
What kind?
Yeah.
Ah yes, August Gorman. Have you looked for work this week, Mr. Gorman?
Gus Gorman.
Name?
Say who?
The boss wants to see you.
Say what?
Gus?
Yeah. A raise . .
Workin' overtime? What are you doin', buddy, looking for a raise?
Uh . . . no, man. I got some work to finish up here.
Quittin' time, Gus. Comin'?
One.  And a half.
How many sugars?
They're just . . . floating around out there. The computer knows where.
So where is all them half-centses?
No, not really. They can't be bothered collecting half a cent from your paycheck anymore than you could.
Who gets it, the company?
They don't actually lose 'em. You can't lose what you never got.
What'm I gonna do with half a cent? Buy me a thoroughbred cockroach?  Everybody loses them fractions?
Actually, it's probably more like $143.80 and one-half cent.  There's always fractions over in a big corporation, but they round it down to the lowest whole number.
I ain't gonna live that long on $143.80! I want it now, man, while I'm still young and cool.
That's so you're still getting some money when you hit 65.
First rip-off, man! Supposed to be 225 bucks a week! You know what this sucker says?? $143.80!  Federal tax! State tax! Social Security tax!
First paycheck?
Sonofagun! Look at this here!
Join the party, genius! Come on up!
Awright. I got me my electric train, mama. I finally got --  Hey, what y'all doin' up there?!
Can't wait, pal, can't wait.
You want to mess with Superman?
Man, all it got to do is find their weak spot.  You bet on the machine in any fight you name, you gonna win your bet.
Remember, Gus. A machine doesn't want anything except to keep on being a machine. You've got to make sure it can figure out how to beat any opponent.
Yeah, sure.  Ain't nobody gonna stomp my electric train...
Can you do that?
Ain't nobody gonna mess with my machine! I'll...I'll... what will I do?  I'll build in a counter-punch! Anything attacks it gets counter- attacked! And wiped out!
But a machine this powerful is going to make powerful enemies. People who will want to destroy it.
Exactly. Stoned mother.
Stone mutha.
Gus, it seems we are talking state-of-the-art technology here. We are talking unlimited power. We are talking "get-down hot-cha daddy-o" whatever you called it.
I told you it wasn't no jive.
It looks wonderful. it is wonderful, let's face it.
Yeah? How's it look?
Tell me more...
Anything.
What will it get me?
Everything.
What will it do?
I invented it, man. In my head. It's a stone killer-diller get-down get-it-on and twice-on-Sunday super mutha computer.
You designed it?
Not like this one you ain't. Nobody in the world got one like this 'cause it don't exist yet. We got to build it.
We've already got some.
A computer.
For what?
A waste-basket? GUS Those are plans.  Blueprints.
What do you want?
Fair's fair.
Is this whitemail?
Don't be getting' racist with me, man.
Is this blackmail?
Don't lay that jail number on me no more. You need me out here doin' stuff for you more'n sitten' in no jail doin' nothin' for nobody.  'Sides, I be known' some heavy stuff about you now. You don't want em spillin' the coffee beans.
I should think a taste of freedom is enough, don't you? Or would you prefer jail?
Now...when do I get a taste?
The moon! Listen, man, when I was a little bitty kid all my friends got them electric trains for Christmas. My mama didn't have barely enough to pay the electric bill, let alone buy me no train set.
I knew it, I knew it, go be nice to people and they think they can ask for the moon!
Lookit, you're getting' what you want all the time. it ain't right that I don't get somethin'! I never get somethin'!
Thanks, kiddo. now, listen, this part's important. I want you to program one special command into all these systems. Tell them these orders are irreversible, so it'll be impossible for anybody to switch them back. Can you do that, pal?
Pumps stop pumping oil. Pipe lines stop pipin' oil. Tankers stop deliverin' oil. Man, this is high stakes.
And then shut down the pipe lines.
You catch on fast, old buddy.  Tell him about the pumps. I know how you love the part about the pumps.
Then how's all the people gonna get their oil?
And do nothing. Just sit there.
Yes, but they don't really need them. it's just a throw- back to some sentimental sea- faring baloney.
They ain't got captains?
Every oil tanker and super- tanker and super-duper-tanker in the ocean is controlled. totally, by computers. Computers to tell them where to go, how much oil to take on, where to deliver it.
Huh?
KRYPTONITE!
He sure wasn't actin' bad and nasty that day in Smallville. Man, he was so full of niceness I was startin' to feel funny about layin' that chunk of...
Greed!  Let me tell you something---
Gus, if there's anything I hate, it's greed.
That's what I been thinkin' about. How you been keepin' me.  I ain't getting' nothing outta this gig.
God, that's what I keep you for.
Just hold on a minute. I have been doin' some thinkin'
Wait a second. Astronomers know where the planet used to be, right? And you know what happens when a planet explodes? Debris. Pieces floating in space.
It ain't. It's nowhere. It blew up. That's how come they shipped the dude to Earth when he was a baby.  well. I know some stuff too, y'all.
What are you talking about, fella?
Uh...what channel were you watching?
I did. isn't it neat-o?
Turn on the T.V.
Just the man I wanted to see!
Hey, boss.
Not "What." Don't need a genius to figure out "what." Need a genius to figure out "where."  He says I'm a genius, your don --  Brother! Bubba! Your Bubba!  See, if y'all don't want them to trace it back, you got to punch this in from someplace nobody'd ever think off. Some little rinky- dink operation with a little mickey- mouse computer. ROSS It's got to be someplace you can sneak into.
What?
First question got to be "Where."
When?
Yeah, yeah, I can do it.
Always making yourself beautiful for me, aren't you?  So, Gus, can you make Vulcan do what I want it to? You didn't answer me, pal.  Did you hear about that prison riot last week? It seems they were complaining about rats in the cells...
Like everything else in the 20th century, Gus. You push buttons.
How do you do that?
That what they call you?
Gus, tell me, have you ever heard of Vulcan?
Me? How?
A very wise man once said...I think it was Attila the Hun... "It's not enough that I succeed. Everyone else must fail."  And you are going to do it for me.
But Mr. Webster...you're doin' okay with Brazil and them other places. What's wrong with just one little old country doin' their own thing?
Destroy the entire Colombian coffee crop down to the last bean.
Wipe 'em out?
Columbia's got two major exports and one of them's coffee. 
Columbia.
Columbia.
Which country?
But y'see, chum, the problem I got is that one country just won't play ball with me.  You know how that can just bug a guy, don't you?
Decaffeinated too?
Under different company names. I control the price of coffee beans in Brazil. The price in Venezuela. Java, South Korea, North Korea, the Aleutian Islands, Guam, Bolivia, and the Republic of Gabon!
Plants. Plants always make an office cozier.
Man, what is this?
I don't think you understand.
Black or regular?
Gus, do you know what I want now? I want coffee!
I'm tryin' to.
Gus, Webco, the Webster industrial complex, is a family-owned cartel. A little magnesium here, a little zinc there. Some railroads here, some farm machinery there. You follow?
'Cause I know about getting' them half-centses?
Yes! That never occurred to me.  Her ya go, buddy, single-malt.  Gus, my friend, you're a genius. Okay, a naughty genius, but hell, nobody's perfect.
Or socks.
I believe they're laundered and sent to some charitable institution. I don't know what the heck they do with 'em. Maybe they use them for dust rags, or pen wipers...
Yeah? What do you do with 'em?
Now me, I was born rich. I've never worn the same pair of socks twice.
Uh...
Say, fella, I understand. I can -- what do the kids say these days -- "dig where you're comin' from."  You want to be rich, right?
Uh...yeah. I didn't think of it that way exactly, but...
You've been a naughty boy haven't you?  C'mon now, admit it, you were kinda naughty.
Mr. Gorman, just answer me one question...
Please, Mr. Webster, you're a great humanitarian. Ain't you heard what it's like in them jails? You send an innocent boy in and he gets thrown in with killers and robbers and rapers and raper killer and robber rapers and...
Suit yourself, Gus.  Say, does your boss use a computer in this operation?
I was afraid you'd say that.  Hey, is there a bus station around here?
Thanks.  Let's go
Just a second.
Whatcha wanna stop here for?  Not that I ain't glad to be on the ground, y'understand.
No...I just have a little stop to make.
We back in Metropolis?
I never crash, Gus. That'd be embarrassing.
We gonna crash?
No, we're just going down.
Watch out for them air pockets!
That's up to the judge, Gus. It's not your problem anymore.
I ain't about to argue with you.  What's gonna happen to them three? Ross the boss and those ladies?
Hey, you're perfectly safe.
Don't make me talk, please. I got enough problems just hangin' on.
How you doing down there?
Will you stop interrupting ?!  You will command the pumps to stop pumping.
I know, by computers.
And do what?
You will command the tankers to sail toward a 50-mile area in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
What she call you?
Oh Bubba, think of the possibilities.
Through the telephone line terminal, that ain't nothin'.
Sister! I'm his sister!
Hey listen, I didn't know your mama was comin' by...
It was hot!
You! You're lucky I didn't fire you. I get a chance at exclusive on-the-spot pictures of the biggest forest fire in history and what does he come back with??? A broken leg and twelve melted rolls of film.
Why do I have to do this?
A story like this cries out for great human interest pictures.  The big dance! The Homecoming Game! Mr. Kent posing next to his old locker!
What about you?
What about me?
All right, Kent. I just hope you know what you're doing. If you really think Smallville is your big chance, go for it.
A photographer eats with his camera, A Photographer sleeps with his camera --
I didn't have my camera with me.
You're amazing, Olsen. A boring banquet and you bring back 3,000 boring pictures. Then Superman puts out a fire on Third Avenue this morning and you stand there and watch the whole thing and you don't take one picture!!
That's his sister. Vera Webster.
Who's the other woman?
Her name's Lorelei Ambrosia. She's Webster's Girl Friday.
Who is she?
The bridge...?  I'd better get going!
Listen, are you sure you shouldn't do something about the bridge?
It's hard to believe... a great looking girl like you all alone like this. As she glances up at him, she is first flustered, then flattered, then...finally...just realistic:
Hey, Don't I always get there in time?  Come on, relax.
But the bridge...
There's no rush.
You just did, with that great dinner.
He was asleep before his head hit the pillow.  Well, this was only the biggest day of his life. I really don't know how to thank you.
Well...I guess they did get a little carried away.
You know, I really wasn't expecting all this.
I'm sorry, I'm in a real hurry.  See you around, pal.
And this is...  ...Clark.  My friend is around here somewhere, I'll just look for...
We've already met.
Oh. I'm Lana Lang. This is Ricky.
Anytime.
Thank ...you.
I'd wash that out with some iodine...  Okay, Mercurochrome.
Ricky?  Where...what...
I just knew I was onto something when that taxi driver kidnapped me.
Lois, I've got to hand it to you. You're amazing. Who else could manage to turn a three-week tropical vacation into a front page story that's going to blow the lid off government corruption in the Caribbean?
Okay, Kent, call your people and tell them the Prodigal Son is coming home. FAVORING CLARK -- Happy now, he turns to leave the office. SHOT LOSES PERRY but we continue to hear his voice, o.s.
Hey, I'd definitely shoot color on that one, Jimmy. It'd be a crime to just use black and white.
Whoopee.
Kent's been invited to his high-school class reunion.
What terrific story?
The picture's fine. That's the way she looks in real life.
The picture looks blurry.
That wasn't me. That guy's gone.  And you're next Webster.
But the other night...
I don't know you, lady.
It isn't much, really, you see, there's this little boat. Well, not so little, really. And it's not going where it's supposed to go and...
No, I don't think I would. So... then what can I do for you?
Never.  I get air-sick. You wouldn't like that.
Okay, what is it? You want a ride?
I'll do more than tell you. I'll show you, back at my place. If you'll just do me one little favor first.
Tell me.
Lots of things...
I'm in no rush.  So what do you have in mind?
Well, don't let me keep you from anything.
Don't worry. I'm long past saving.
Hey, don't expect me to save you. Because I don't do that anymore.
I thought you'd never get here.
But how? Where's it getting the power from ???!
I can't! It's out of control!
He can have mine. Anytime.
Cut the mush, Lorelei. He's after our skin!
Oh, Superman!
In other words, push this red button.
You! Activate circuits 29 through W7 and start Full Power Coordinates on Exterior Defensive Systems:
Superman. The boy you left behind.
Gus?
Come on, will you?  We've got to get ready before he gets here.
Where do you usually find a light switch?
Where's the light switch?
Turn on the light.
I can't see anything.
And he use to be such a sweetie pie! What's wrong with him the last two weeks?
"At a special session of the General Assembly, 178 countries voted to censure Superman. With only Columbia abstaining." ROSS That fella's becoming a public menace.
So I understand from the graffiti I've seen.
Hey, I know a lot of things!
How would you know?
Energy! And when they say "Energy" what do they mean? Nuclear? too dangerous. Solar?? Too underdeveloped.
Diet soda?
Why stop at coffee!  A cup of coffee gets the world off to work in the morning, but what keeps the world working?
Why don't you hold your breath, instead? Maybe you'll turn blue. On you that'd be an improvement.
If you don't mind, we are trying to hold a meeting here!
Bubba, does this woman have the right to burst in without knocking...!
Ross, honey, it's time for your massage...
There is no handle! You just push a button.
Where's the handle?
It's modern. It's up-to-date. It's state-of-the art.  People, I am in love with this machine.  Go ahead, Mr. White.
Why do I have to do this?
Mr. White, you be in this shot, handing them their plane tickets.
Couldn't we just get a computer to do this?
By hand. Like the pioneers did.
How'm I supposed to turn this thing?
Mr. White, the next number, please?
You've got to pick three more numbers.
Okay? Goodbye.
53!
53.
Because you're the Editor-in-Chief. Your integrity is unquestioned. LOIS I have a question.
Why can't the idiot in Circulation who dreamed up this imbecile contest in the first place ---
Mr. White, please, it's time for you to draw this month's winning JINGO number.  The prize is an all-expenses trip to South America.
He's bound to slip up sooner or later.
Well, chum? What now? Kiss the 85 thou goodbye? Pay some thief's salary while he thinks up new ways to shake the money tree?
Hello.
Now, Vera...uh, Simpson, you know my Staff Dietician?
My friend, you are yesterday. Whoever pulled this caper is tomorrow.
I don't know who. Whom. I can't trace it.  In the old days it was simple. We kept books, we had ledgers, we could see what was going in and what was paid out. If somebody wanted to rob you, he'd come in with a gun and say 'stick 'em up."  Now they get theses blasted computers to do their dirty work!
Embezzled, Mr. Webster.  Stolen from the firm.
Missing????
85,000 dollars.
It's your genius, pal! You built a machine that can find anybody's weak spot, just like you said.
Yes! This time we got it right!
Don't bet on it!
He's coming! He's going to hurt me!
Like fish he is.  I know enough about computers to put a PHD to shame.  Come now, brother dear, you didn't think I was going to let that little man run the show, did you? Gus Gorman telling us what to do -- I'd sooner kiss a pig!
He's the only one who can operate this --
Who needs Gus?
Wait for Gus to get here, sis.
Come on, let's give it a dry run.
Not quite. What is that in the lower right hand corner?
That's it! The last tanker! They're all mine now! All...
We can get to work on that oil!
And now that Superman's out of the Nice Guy business...
A normal person.
Don't you see? Okay, so you didn't kill him. Nobody's perfect. But that stuff we ran up in the lab wasn't a complete failure after all.  Right after Gus gave it to him, Superman started to turn into a selfish, ornery, malicious, conniving...
So all we've got to do is pick up the garbage.  We just have to find our where in Heaven Krypton used to be. Then good old Gus here contacts the Vulcan satellite--
So?
The planet Superman came from. Krypton.
Where did it come from?
I just remembered the rest. There isn't any more. The only chunk that ever landed on Earth disappeared a couple of years ago. It was in this story in the Daily Planet.
What's wrong?
Wait a minute! She's right! Kryptonite. I remember reading about it in an interview with him.  Nuts...
How? Shoot him? You know about him and bullets. Not to mention knives, tanks, bombs...
Nice try, Butch,  but it wouldn't be effective against Superman.  You'll see! Now that he's pulled this stunt, he'll stick his nose in my oil scheme and ruin that one, too! I've got to get rid of him! I've got to!
Don't cry, Bubba.
He ruined it! That lousy do-gooder, he ruined it.
I could have it all! Holy cats! All the oil! All the tankers! All the pumps! The gosh-darn world will be out to lunch! No heat, no gas--sis, this is some nifty idea!
Chicken feed.  If Gus Gorman can push the right buttons ---
We already have a super-tanker.
Small potatoes.
TOMORROW THE OIL!
Today coffee----
You mean...you mean...Vera! Vera! The magnitude of this!!!
Well, Webco has a hundred and twelve subsidiaries and every one of them is tied to our central computer system. How about...hmmmm, someplace small...
Someplace where nobody knows him so they can't connect him with us.
Gus Gorman, this is my Psychic Nutritionist.
She's not his mama either.
Somehow your twisted little mind should be able to figure out how to tap into the main computer at the Aerospace Center and reach Vulcan.
Computers talk to other computers, right?
Blizzards! Heat waves!
Storms! Floods!
It could make weather!
But if somebody re-programmed it, it could do much more.
Vulcan is the weather satellite						our government put up in orbit to monitor the weather.
Oh, right. Well then, just shake hands.
I don't kiss.
Get a hold of yourself, Vera.  Nobody else ever will.
That's what I want to know! By whom? Whom????
She'll be fine.
Are you okay?
Tourists, about twenty of 'em.
Hostages?
So far the hostages are unharmed.
Anybody been hurt?
Yeah. I'll check.
Jimmy, how's the -
Everything on it.
Everything on it?
Sure. Especially if you'd be a really terrific guy and bring me a cheeseburger to go --
You do?
Well, you should. Because I appreciate you, too, you know.
I'll try to remember that . . .
Clark, stop feeling so threatened every time you hear his name. Nobody expects you to be what you're not.
Lois, I really don't see why --
. . . Superman?. . . . .
I'm fine. . . . . .  What  was I talking about?  Before?
Take it easy. Take a deep breath.
See what happens when I don't have my orange juice?  The human body is only a workable, fairly fragile machine when you treat it with the same respect you'd show to ----  . . . gee . . .
I like worrying about you.
Please don't tell me "You'll find somebody else someday." Cause . . .  . . . well, you are a pretty hard act to follow, you'll have to admit that.  Oh, I'll get by, don't worry about me.
Lois, someday --
Oh, I'm not blaming you.  I just know me. I'd be jealous. Jealous of . . . of all humanity.  Some rival, huh?
What else could I do?
Everybody. Everybody else. I'd be buying my little rainbow at the their expense. All the ones who say "Help. Come quick. Now" I know who you'd have to pick.
"They?"
Oh, when it comes to you I am. Not that I don't understand why they all need you. but they can't need you more than I do.
You're not selfish at all.
Me too, Oh, I tried to convince myself, believe me, "It's like being married to a doctor," I said. Doctors are practically never at home. The get emergency calls in the middle of the night and their wives manage to live with it. Then a voice said, " could you be a doctor's wife? Or are you too selfish . . . "
I'm sorry.
I know, I know all the arguments, you don't have to tell me. That's what I did all night -- I "listened to the voices of  reason" till the dawn came up. Do you have any idea what a vile sound it to hear the first bird singing when you've been up night crying?
Never closed my eyes.
Sleep well?
Oh, hi.
Hi.
He knew. I heard him. I just didn't listen.
Don't . . . it's not your fault . . . you didn't know . . .
I have to try, dammit! Something, anything . . .
But what can you do? There's no way now . . .
I have to go back . . .to the Fortress . . .
I know that, Lois. And I wish he were here . . .
I don't want a bodyguard. I want the man I fell in love with.
Maybe we ought to hire a bodyguard from now on.
Let's get you inside . . . .
Blood . . . my . . . blood . . .
Do you . . . ah . . . want to step outside?
Clark . . . it doesn't matter . . . we can move . . .
Say you love me.
You did it. You gave it all up for me. I . . . I don't know what to say.
Your place?  Maybe I should change,  Maybe you should, too.
Let's go to my place.
Let's go to my place.
I want to.
I guess it would be all right if -  Lois, now that you know me, I think you ought to know it all.
"What's happening." Oh, is that the understatement of the year. Well, so . . . where do you want to . . . talk?
Not here, Perry'll be calling at six to find out what's happening.
I'm listening.
We'd better talk.
I'm in love with you. How do you feel?
Well, not in your mind, but maybe . . .deep in your heart . . .
I didn't think I wanted to.
Maybe you wanted to.
You don't have anything to be sorry 	about.  How could I . . .
Oh come on, that's ridic -
I was right. you are Superman.
Lois, I . . .
It's true. It's true.
Lois, help! I can't --  I can't swim -- !
Oh Clark, no!
What??
Because of what I'm betting.  My life.
How could you win a crazy bet like --
Uh-uh.  Listen, I'll tell you what. You say I'm wrong. And I say I'm right. So why don't we make a little bet on it?
You've been under a lot of pressure lately -
No, of course not, Lois. You just get carried away sometimes. Believe me, I understand --
Listen, I've got to give you credit. Your disguise is nearly perfect. I mean, if you fooled me, and I am nobody's fool --
Who ????
Whoever, I  Look, maybe you ought to take a walk and clear your head. I'II meet you back at the motel.
Don't fake me out, Clark.  Or whoever you are.
Lois, I don't have the vaguest idea -- as usual -- what you're --
And you weren't. As usual. What do you say to that?
Superman? Oh, was he here?
I mean it strikes me funny that every time Superman comes around, you disappear.
I was getting hot dogs. What do you mean?
Where were you?
Frankly, once you've seen Superman in action, Niagara Falls tends to leave you cold.
No. I mean here you stand with one of nature's most awesome spectacles and the whole time you've had your back to it. Aren't you impressed?
Aw, c'mon -- anybody can get hungry.
Lois, you're amazing.
Hey, are you hungry? I'm hungry.
That's because you can hardly see through those things.
I don't know, they look pretty happy to me...
Mr. Smith -  -- the "complimentary couch."
I was. . . uh. . . just wondering about the.. . .the.. . . the uh, arrangements.  Sleeping arrangements.
Oh sure, everything is complimentary. Until you get the bill.
A "complimentary corsage."
But this should be exposed. They get	kids here who are just starting out in life and they take them for every nickel they can get. That's what Perry says.
Yeah, thanks. . . . I mean, really! Posing as newlyweds to uncover the honeymoon racket in Niagara Falls.  I mean,. imagine wasting a great reporter -  -- uh, reporters -- on this.  Perry White and his Sunday Magazine exposes.
Oh, you're a great writer, Lois, nobody doubts that.
Hah, some guys say I have magic fingers.
'Magic Fingers.' Fifty cents.
In July???
It is kinda romantic.
Of course, that's what friends are for.
Really?
Clark, everything I was saying -- can't you see I only say it because I really care?
Be my guest.
Maybe I could try --
Haven't you heard? There's an energy crisis.  No, this was good enough for my mother --
Lois, why don't you at least get one of those automatic ones?
Well, you shouldn't  Be more aggressive, Clark! Trust your instinct! When you see your opportunity, grab it! I do.
Actually, yes.
Sure! But nobody knows it. Least of all you.  Look, would you mind if I gave you some constructive criticism?
I do?
Of course not. Not when you've got so much going for you.
I don't?
Oh sure. The American answer to everything. Pills.  No, this is --  -- natural.
One thousand?? That's an awful lot of oranges. You know there are pill, Lois. I've seen them.
Well, you never will again!  Thanks to Vitamin C! I'm reading a book that says the foundation of a sound body structure is one thousand milligrams of Vitamin C every day.
Uh. . .
When was the last time you heard me sneeze?
Lois, what are you doing?
Do I detect a note of jealousy?
Not everyone can have X-ray vision, you know.
Then maybe you should get your glasses checked.
Lois, I usually do.
No, I meant, it's awfully dangerous.
No offense, Kent. You're good, but Lois is the best we've got.
Gee. But --
The minute the story broke I bundled her on the first Concord out of here. If Paris goes kablooey I want the best reporter I've got right there in the middle of it.
What??
Does she know about it? She's in it!
Does Lois know about this yet?
That's why they call 'em terrorists.  Go down to the morgue and dig up anything you can find on past incidents of --
But . . ..that's terrible!
Dickens! The whole world's about to blow up and you're reading Dickens?!
Actually I was trying to catch up on my reading. There's a lot of Dickens I never got around to --
Don't you watch television? Don't you listen to the radio?
Uh...home...
Get your head out of the clouds, Kent. Where you been  the last twelve hours?
Your heart, Miss Teschmacher? I never knew you had one.
Good. My heart can't take it.
You'll miss the battle of the century!
So does your average cocker spaniel. Give me another one.  Under . . . the big one there.
I like trees.
I wouldn't know. I've never had one.
A good time! Is that all you care about?!
Look at this! Snow. Ice.  Your idea of a good time.
Mush!  Mush!
North!
You thought about me in a parka. That's sick, Lex. Really.
A parka.
A bikini! I'll need to buy a new bikini, Lex.  C'mon. After being cooped up in that prison, haven't you thought about me in a bikini . . ...once maybe ?
You'll have to pack quickly.
There is some good in you, Lex, after all.
How would you like to take a little vacation? I mean you've earned it, you know? You deserve it.
What else is ballast for?
Lex...Lex, how could you do that to Otis?
It's beautiful.
That was two days ago. Frankly, I think this place is a bit boring. It's all white. Why doesn't the guy put up some posters? Maybe some bullfight things . . .
Why didn't you go before we left?
Wrong.
It has everything.
It's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
No, me, me, me. Thank you.
I'll be alright.
Genius!  --  Lex.
It' s fantastic! ----- This place is genius.
This way Lex.
Is this a philosophy seminar? No. This is getaway.
Why am I doing this? Why am I here?
Well done, Miss Teschmacher.
How the hell would I know? I was in high school back in those days.
Isn't that what the old Canaveral guys used to call a comet on an East-West trajectory?
What's a curl?
I think he said a "curl."
What'd he say before? He saw a girl?
Artemis? Do you read me?
Superman's got something up his sleeve, that's for sure. We just haven't figured it out. Isn't that right, Miss Lane?
Game plan! It's fourth down and long yardage, the two-minute warning sounded and the ball's deep in our territory! How brilliant do you have to be?!
Maybe we just don' t know his game plan.
I can't understand it! Where is he? I mean, he shows up every time a cat gets stuck in a tree, and  now he decides to pull a disappearing act?
He knows where the Eiffel Tower is, Olsen.  You do, don't you, Kent?
A gang of terrorists seized the Eiffel Tower in Paris
Give it another ten minutes. If we don't --  Hell, I'll tell him.  Pete? If we haven't got anything new in the next ten minutes just go with the wire service copy under the 40 pt. banner and run the picture for three columns.  Kent,	I need a background story for the page 3 sidebar. Give me every thing you know about this terrorist group.
Mr. White, the pressroom wants to know how much longer to hold the front page.
Yes.
And she -- the one you have chosen -- she feels as much for you?
But you had more than that, and I know it. You and my father --  you had each other.  Can I never have what you had?
Because that is your heritage. Those are the values we lived by on Krypton.
Patience, Kal-El. You begin to sound like an Earthling. SUPERMAN Mother, you speak only of honor, of sacrifice, of responsibility --
Yes, but it's not all I feel.
You have been given a higher form of happiness. The happiness you feel by serving others, by inspiring them to --
Selfish! But they get a chance at happiness. Can't I have that chance?
You no longer can serve humanity if you invest your time and emotion in one of them at the expense of the rest.  Surely this is not how you repay their gratitude, Kal-El. Could you really abandon the weak and the needy merely to fulfill some selfish dream.
I didn't ask her anything . . .
The one danger we have considered is that the Phantom Zone might - we cannot predict - just might be cracked by a nuclear explosion in space. I cannot say I am glad you asked me that -
I asked the right question.
The Elders have, of course, thought long and hard about that question.
No possibility for parole?
And so our scientists constructed, from an irreversible mathematical equation, the Phantom Zone. In it we imprisoned these three arch-villains for all eternity.
Sensible enough.
The three proved - after exhaustive efforts - incapable of rehabilitation. Now as you know, we had no death penalty -
My kind of people.
For many eons the peoples of our world have lived together in harmony. Then there appeared among us three anti-social elements - what on Earth are classified as "criminals."
Now This I want to hear.
-- as the keeper of the archives of Krypton, it falls to me to tell you of the darkest episode in our planets history.

Ahhhhhh -- Alpha Waves.
That little black box goes beyond any known conventional radar, it tracks Alpha Waves.
That little black box, Mr. Luthor, I mean -- what's it for?
Shhhhhhh!
Oh! That black box in our cell?
OTIS, your brain defies any known scientific laws in its infinite capacity to deteriorate. Every man has a vulnerable point. Some like you Otis, have more that one. I didn't see Superman's in time. But now through patience, invention and skill, my 	black box is just about ready.
To ski?
Why?
North.
Where?
I mean they can't even trace that guy on that radar they got, every time they try he just flies off.
DELETE IN CUTTING
 DELETE IN CUTTING
I want my Liberace record back tonight.
Don't feel bad, Mr. Luthor. It almost worked. I mean California almost threw up right in the ocean. Millions of people almost killed. If it hadn't been for that guy Superman - that overgrown boyscout...
Australia.
What do you want?
Oh, General, the world is a big place. Thank goodness, my needs are small...As  it turns out, I have this affinity for beachfront property . . .
We will bring him to his knees!
Certainly. But - Er. Oh Magnificent one, he's just one, but you are three, or four even, if you count him twice.
He has powers as we do . . .
Constantly.
He flies as well, then . . .
Revenge! We will kill the son of our jailer!
Oh my Fullness, as I explained to you before, I am about the best there is. Second best there is.
The son of Jor-El on this Planet?
No, Jor-El, the baseball player that came from Porto Rico. Yes Jor-El your Jailer.
Oh magnificent one. What I am bargaining with is what you do not have -- the son  of Jor-El.
We have all of this without you. You cannot bargain with what you don't have.
Wait, wait, wait just a moment. Wait till you've got to know better will you please.  Wait, -- look, I can give you anything you want. I can give you the brass ring, the - er -- unlimited freedom to maim, cure, destroy, chew - plus Lex Luthor's savvy. Lex Luthor's career guidance... Lex Luthor's School of...
But him is you.  Now I'm confused.
Oh no.  I really like it sometimes.  And if it weren't for him, I wouldn't have met you.
It must be tough, having to be Clark Kent.
Hey, don't worry. You'll be fine, Just . . . well, don't rush it.
I never did this before . . . I have to tell you.
Dinner. Oh yes.  I'm sorry, I just never do much about that.  But tonight -- I mean, anything you want, Lois.
Like it? It's magnificent!  Not that it couldn't use a woman's touch. Especially around dinner time.
So --  I hope you like it.
Well . . . it's been more like a fortress than a home.  Until now.
I must be. But I'm not.  Your home. This is your home.
You must be freezing.
The bomb! It's in there! Any second now, its --
Really Lois, we've got to stop meeting this --
Superman! The --
Wait a minute, wait a minute, let's talk a deal, Superman. We can take a lunch on this --
Which one would you like to join, Luthor? Pick a hole.
Listen. Have I got a proposition for you, Superman. I mean I owe you one, you know? Now don't say yes or no till you hear me out . . .
Too late, Luthor. Too late . . .
Are you kidding? I knew it all the time. Did you see how they fell into our trap? Beautiful . . .
I knew you'd double-cross me, Luthor. A lying weasel like you couldn't resist the chance . . .
Luthor, you poisonous snake . . .
Wait! Don't go in! It's a trap!
I'll have to take the chance. Try to get them all into that molecule chamber. It takes away their powers, reduces them to human beings. Now if you could . . .
Me? I'm loaded with good! I mean I've never even used it.
Perhaps there is some good in you after all, Lex Luthor.
Now I shall have the Son of Jor-El as my slave! Forever. If not, the millions of earthlings you protect will pay for your defiance.  Beginning with this one.
Hey, let's be fair. Actually, there've been two or three times --
Put down Lex Luthor?
Put down Lex Luthor !
North. Keep going North!
Where is his home, Lex Luthor? Which way?
No drinks . No movie. This is the last time I take a charter flight.
Cuba.
What more?
Perhaps a small . . . incentive, your 									Ultimate. A tiny bauble to help me jog my memory . . .
There is something more you want. The 								greed is written on your face.
Kill me? Lex Luthor? Extinguish the greatest criminal flame of our age? Eradicate the only man on earth . . .
Why do you say this to me when you know I will kill you for it?
He ran in fear from us . . .
You said it. Three-to-one should get you 								both ears and the tail.
Come to me, Superman! If you dare! I defy you! Come! Come, and kneel before Zod!
You'll find out, General! And when you do . . .
Who is this . . . Superman?
Zod.  Zod.
I wish I knew. --  Oh, God.
Who is this imbecile? Where is he?
It will. Starting with your own.
I'm the man they're 	protecting. I'm the President. I'll kneel before you if it will save lives.
We have not the choice to refuse, have we, if we believe it is a real hydrogen bomb that they have.
Yes, but will you honor it?
Um. . . .we have made this guarantee.
There will be no attack? No attempt to overpower the terrorists?
In return for a guarantee that we will not launch an attack an them.
And now they are willing to release the rest of the hostages?
"Super-sucker . " For once, Lex Luthor was right.
Did you really believe we would give up our advantage?
We must combine our strength.
General --- ?
Don't worry. I will draw his fire.  With a few of my own.
He's captured Non!
Sentimental idiot.
He...  cares. He actually cares about these . . . . . .these People. These earth People .
Yes?
This "super" man is nothing of the kind. I have discovered his weakness.
And so I was yesterday. And the day before.
You are master of all you survey.
Brave young heroes. Be nice to them, my dear. Blow them a kiss.
Look, they need a machine to fly.
Stay. I will come to you.
What shall we do now?
So this is the planet Houston . . .
And I will lead.
		DELETE IN CUTTING
Then we must go there too.  To rule. Finally - to rule!  And then you shall have what you want.
DELETE IN CUTTING 		) There . . .  A place called . . . Houston . . .
Yes. To all of us. The closer we come to an atmosphere with only one sun - a yellow sun - the more our molecular density gives us unlimited powers!
Strange. I tore those metal fibers like paper. And what he did . . ..  Was amazing!  Something is happening . . ..
Free!
Free!
Lacy. . . I . . .
Maybe if you'd have met who I am now, instead of the spoiled brat you met a few weeks ago, it would have been different between us.
You'll find a good man Lacy. You deserve one.
You know: strong, gentle, tall men with bright blue eyes and square. Men who like to dance slow, the old fashioned way, the way their mothers taught them on the night before their prom.
Like me?
Any more like you back home, Clark?
I'm not so sure you do.
You don't have to be polite, Clark. I've got a pretty good idea of how you feel about me.
I'm sorry to see you go.
Daddy's offered me jobs at some of his other companies. But, I've been thinking maybe I'll take some time off.  I'm going to find a place like Smallville, in the country. Maybe a  farm . . .  see what the slow lane is like.
No mind, it's only antique Irish linen.
Gee, I'm really sorry.
Let's sit down. They walk to the table. LOIS calls out to the balcony.
Hi. Is dinner ready? I'm famished.
Clark. . . !
Oh . . . my . . .
But they're expecting us. It wouldn't be polite.
I missed you. It wasn't any fun up there with just Lois and Superman. They're so boring. Let's go do something wild!
Oh . . . Right. . . I'll be back in a flash.
Shouldn't you pay the cabbie?
. . . Let me get my purse.
Hello, Lacy. Can anybody break a twenty? The cabbie didn't have any change.
Come early. The view is so romantic from my balcony.
Gee, I don't think . . .
I'll just invite them both to my hotel suite and we'll have high tea. It's very chic.
Yes, I know. I'm sure it will be a great story.
Then prove it. Lois is doing an interview with Superman about his peace mission . . .
I'm not avoiding you. I've been very busy and . . . I like you . . . I really do.
He's a jerk. I never noticed it before. Seems like a lot of people I know are jerks . . .  . . . Maybe you think the same thing about me. That's why you keep avoiding me.
If you say so. Here goes.
Now you try, Clark. We'll start you off with 60 pounds.
Don't give up. This is a perfect subject for your series on young Metropolis. Now let's get those knees up!
Maybe I should sit this one out.
Don't worry, I've got you.
I feel kind of light-headed . . .
No, realistic. There's no magic in the world. Girls just don't get swept off their feet anymore.
That sounds kind of pessimistic.
Don't tell me you're waiting for lightning to strike. Wide-eyed romantics are an endangered species.
Well, my career takes up a lot of my time.
What about here?
Oh . . . no, there's no one back home.
That's not what we were taught. 'Look out for number one' -- that's daddy's golden rule ... he always ends up with the gold.
No ... Metropolis is a confusing place. Back in Smallville -- my hometown -- everything was more simple. People would sacrifice everything just to lend a helping hand.
My prom was so boring. We all flew to Paris the next day to recover . . . Sometimes my whole life seems boring. I thing maybe I should just give everything away and go live among the poor people. Then I remember how smashing I look in sable . . . oh, it's all so confusing. You think I'm silly, don't you?
Actually, I had a crash course from my mother the night before my prom.
Don't tell me. You learned to dance at church socials.
This is Metropolis after hours! This is what you'll be writing about. C'mon, let's dance.
I've never been in a place like this before.
Oh, Clark, you're so delightfully primitive.
Gosh, I'm sorry, we better get in line.
You're late. Very late.
Don't worry. I won't make you do it alone. I know all the right places. I'm a member at all the right clubs . . . We'll start tonight at the grand opening of the Metro Club! It's a date!
They make my eyes itch.
That's just it! You don't have to flaunt it. You're no slave to fashion ... although ...
And I'm usually in bed by ten-thirty.
But you're perfect for it. You're young, you're single, you're successful...
I really don't think . . .
It's brilliant. Daddy thinks so, too. You'll write a new series -- 'Metropolis After Hours.'
Well, I'm feeling a lot better . . . almost chipper . . .  . . . and all because I had a visit from a very good nurse.
It must have been a super effort to get out of bed, Clark.
You know him so well.  But I'm sure he'll manage . . . wherever he is.
Everyone's saying he's . . . dead. But I know that isn't true. I feel it in my heart. I think he just needs help.
Superman? Has something happened to him?
You haven't been at work . . . you didn't call the office . . .  you didn't even call me. How could you not call back?
It's just a bad flu, really. How did you know . . .
Clark, it's Lois. This is the fourth message. I've left. . . Where are you ?
. . . Please leave your message at the beep.
Politely?
It's her father's grey matter that's weakened if you ask me. How can I ask Superman such a dumb question.
'Are you or are you not part of a plot to weaken our national defense?'
I don't think 'fan mail' fits this letter.  Read it, Clark.
Oh, probably just a picture request. I'll take care of it if you want, Lois.
You always overreact, Clark. How terrible can it be?
The President is about to speak. I don't think it's going to be good news.
Clark . . . wait!
I don't think we're being treated fairly, Lois. And I'm going to tell Miss Warfield.
No Paris?
Au contraire, mon ami! He owns all those sleazy tabloids and the Daily Planet!
That tycoon who owns all those sleazy tabloids?
Regardez.  Voila Monsieur David Warfield.
Gee guys, that's swell of you. But  . . . I've got another idea.
Lex, we all appreciate how you've supported us lately and . . . uh . . . in recognition of your hard work we've decided to increase your commission to 12 percent.
If my plan works, gentlemen, I'll just take a tiny commission . . . something . . .appropriate. . . a number with a lot of zeros after it.
And what do we get out of it?
Do people die in Italian Operas? Gentlemen, if all goes to plan Nuclear Man will return from the sun with power awesome enough to do what none before him has ever been able to . . . pierce Superman's skin. He'll be mortal, he'll get sick . . . and we'll dance on his grave.
And this so-called . . . Nuclear Man. . . of yours can defeat Superman?
Boys, old Lex has a secret recipe in this dish . . . call it a genetic stew. You help me place it on one of your missiles and I promise you . . . if Superman throws it into the sun, he'll get the biggest surprise of his life. I'll be able to introduce Superman to his first nightmare . . . a Nuclear Man!
And what am I? A Shriner? No, If you'll join forces with me, together we can make the world safe for war profits again.
But Superman isn't an average man.
Of course it is. Do you know what the sun is? Why it's just one huge nuclear bomb. A bomb with enough radiation to incinerate an average man like . . .  that.
Close the curtains. The sun is hurting my eyes.
Good. If you can see it, and I can see it, maybe some day everyone will see it.
But you can't tell where one country begins and another ends. You can't see any borders. It's just . . . one world.
Go on . . .
Well . . . I see the ocean currents. . . and the rain . . . and mountains and rivers. . . but . . .
I'll try. . .
Jeremy, I need you to tell the people of the world what you see.
Awesome!
N-no...I mean...you bet.
Would you mind waiting for me in the visitor's gallery?
Absolutely!
Would you mind taking a walk with me?
I'm sorry.
Well, I don't understand.
I'm going to pass this letter on to all the leaders of the world. I promise you. For it is they , and not I, that represent the people of Earth.
But what good is a vow if everything gets blown away?  What good was my letter?
Because I made a vow. Never to interfere in the destiny of your planet.
Impossible? Why?
Don't be over-dramatic, young lady. What kind of disaster could we help bring about?
No, Daddy. Our business is journalism. We can't continue to be so irresponsible . . . or else we'll just lead everyone into a disaster.
Less sensational papers go broke. I thought I taught you long ago the business of newspapers is business.
I'd just like to have a little less sensationalism.
Tone down our headlines? Lacy, that's all the common man reads!
Stuff it.
Yes, darling?
Daddy . . . ?
Didn't we have our little talk about personal involvement with the help? Now that you're the publisher . . .
I know Daddy. I'm worried about him.
Darling, it's good riddance. Let her go. And while you're at it, fire that Clark Kent. He hasn't been here in days. He hasn't even called.
Your grandfather had one iron rule that's stood me well. Never fraternize with the help. Keep too your own station. Am I clear?
Oh . . . no . . . I mean, we just went  dancing . . . for  a story . . .
Clark Kent! You socialized with him . . . a . . . reporter!
Who does Clark Kent think he is anyway! He never even said good night!
Mr. White, come with me I want to see
Not so fast!  All trips are canceled. We pay for wire services. And what we don't get from them, we'll invent.
It always is with Clark.
He was getting on . . . and then this man with luggage and . . .  oh, it's a long story.
Where's Clark?
Our other dinner guest.
What's that?
Something . . . wonderful.
What's he going to say?
Why, Lois, I didn't know . . . Who is he?
But he's never there.
Right . . . you want to tell him how you feel . . .
And your heart beats faster just thinking about him.
Lois, have you ever fallen for a guy and he's not like other guys . . . he's different. It's like you come from two different worlds.
That's because there's nothing to figure out. Now will you please pay attention. I'm not through insulting your father.
Clark. He's late again.  I can't figure him out.
Who?
I know I'm not exactly a Girl Scout but . . . maybe if I show him I'm trying . . . he'll like me.
Daddy loves to whip up campaigns! People eat it up. We'll make this kid a celebrity. The whole world will be waiting for Superman's answer.
An angle?
I think there's an angle.
Superman gets mail here?
This letter was addressed to Superman care of me.
. . . And  very nave!
But all men like me, Lois. I'm very rich.
Forget it, Princess. Clark is the world's oldest boy scout  Trustworthy, loyal, obedient, helpful... and I don't remember the rest, but he's them too. And I promise, he's not interested in anyone like you.
I think he's kind of cute.
One hundred percent.  And I like him that way.
Is he for real?
Lucky I brought my drums.
Never. But we have to hide out for a  while. Lay low. Say. . . a couple of years. By then I'll have a new plan.
You think he'll find us.
If you need us we'll, be five hundred feet underground waiting for the Nuclear winter to turn to nuclear spring.
Ready, Uncle Lex?
Don't worry honey, I'm sure he'll make a swell husband.
I think he has his own plan, Uncle Lex.
This wasn't in the plan.
We'll all fry.
My nephew, Leonard. He worships me.  Let's share a toast to you . . . a nice guy who's about to finish last.
Boy, are you gonna get it.
What?
Of course! That's his one vulnerability. The one way he can be stopped.
Good. Let's hope he stays that way.
He's . . . cold. . .
Hmm . . . Nuclear levitation. Now that's a trick that could come in handy.
Didn't you see it? He lifted me up and crashed me down.
What was that about?
You're just an experiment, freako!
Hey! Just remember I made you.
He's . . .  beautiful. Perfect.
Hey! He looks . . . normal.
There!
You're spookin' me out, Uncle Lex.
Not how I might have put it, but, correct. The remains I sent to the sun included the creatures genetic memory. He'll remember everything that he experienced. Not to worry. He'll find his way back to me.  Did you hear that?
The one Superman wrecked up?
Oh Leonard . . . When I sent the remains of my last experiment . . .
Hey, Uncle Lex, how's the Nuclear Guy goin' to find his way here?
Get the box, nephew.
Gee, Uncle Lex, I was just getting to the good part.
I must have miscalculated. How. . .
Superman broke your monster, Uncle Lex.
Let's try to keep your I.Q. a family secret, Leonard. Before we launch him against Superman, we have to test him ... see how well he does with mayhem and destruction. Kind of a coming out party under the glare of media covering the Metro Club gala. And once he proves himself, then . . .
Gee, Uncle Lex, I don't think this guy's much of a dancer.
He has all of Superman's powers. If I've planned it right. . .
Whoa. . .
Quiet! You'll make him self-conscious.
He missed the door, Uncle Lex.
That hair contains a sample of Superman's genetic material. The building blocks of his body. With my genius and enough nuclear power to mutate those genes, I will create a being with all his powers . . . but with absolute allegiance to me!
But why the hair?
. . . I look at you, Lenny, and I know how the Romans felt when the barbarians arrived at their city gate.
A toupee that flies?
Do you realize what I can create with a single strand of Superman's hair!
Lenny, ,you pathetic product of the public school system. Your Uncle Lex has had only one thing on his awesome mind during his incarceration . . . Destroying Superman!
Are we going to skip the country, Uncle Lex?
I am master now.
Stop! I command you . . . you mutant!
Destiny.
Me? Now? With Superman dead and you on my team? It's like I'm the coach and you're the best power forward ever. What could I have to fear?
What do you fear?
Nice bit. You're good. With my brain and your, well, frankly, brawn, the possibilities  are staggering. I could be . . . Emperor, King! Did you see how scared those guys were?
First, I have fun.
Nifty, huh?  Goodnight Sweet Prince, parting is . . . inevitable  Now, destroy Superman.
Wait! Not yet! Back!
Destroy Superman!
I made you, and I can destroy you.
I am an experiment? I am freako?
You are . . . nothing. I am father now.
What? A genius? . . . an inspiration?
You are . . .
I hadn't counted on this but . . .  . . . of course - the power of the sun has given him internally generated heat. I am a ...
For dignity. My reputation is at stake. Just put it on.
What I need this for?
No . . . it's the way it always is . . . on the brink . . . with good fighting evil.
But . . . but isn't the world about to be osterized?
High School Physics, Luthor. While I was recuperating I had time to figure out that if your foul creature was born from the sun, it must have been his source of energy.
But . . . how could you beat him?
Right, good. Tell you what, we'll wait right here. Till you get back.
I'll deal with you later.
Still having delusions, Lex Luthor?
Superman. . .  But you're... dead!
A mind is a terrible thing to waste, Lex Luthor. And you've wasted yours on this foul monstrosity. I'm taking you in.
Nobody wants war. I'd just like to keep the threat alive.
You'd risk worldwide nuclear war for your own personal financial gains.
Precisely. And then it came to me. My greatest ever plan. I made a deal with some minor league Bad Boys. Arms Dealers, Renegades Generals, You know the type. With you gone, we'll make a fortune rearming the world.
Which explains why you sent his organic matter to the sun.
I'll ignore that . . . So, I created a monster who didn't work nearly as well as I might have liked -- you were clearly his better  --  he needed more energy, more power.
I'm not going anywhere.
No, no, listen. I escaped with only one thing on my mind . . . the end of Superman.
Your time in prison has twisted you into a delusionary state, Luthor.
You've broken all the laws of man, Luthor. And now you've broken the laws of nature! . . .  I assume you must have hidden a device in one of the missiles I hurled into the sun!
Look closely at his cell structure. See anything familiar?
Why? Because I want to be the first one to introduce you to a new kid on the block.
It's common knowledge you hate children and animals. Why are you back in Metropolis?
Know something? You're a workaholic. A good guy 24 hours a day. Stop and smell the roses sometime. Take up a hobby. Get a pet . . . a kitten or a puppy. . .
If you have any social skills, you've learned them from a rattlesnake. Just what are you up to?
Silly me. How do I ever think I can fool the super guy. You're right, no bomb. I just knew you were too busy with the world peace bit to make a social call.  I confess . . . I tricked you. Hey, you look great!
Luthor, I suspect if you had actually planted a bomb you'd be far away from here by now.
Guess who? It's your old friend, Lex.
Not you.  You.  Tell me again.
Me?
Got it? Otis?
Yes, Mr. Luthor. The XK101 can travel anywhere in the world undetected. It also has a sensory device built into it so that it can detect any obstacle in its path and avoid it. It just goes around it or over it.  The XK101 never quits! It will not stop until it reaches its pre-targeted target!
One of them should've been you.
Yes, so, well, Werner would've gotten to that too but  --  --  but the XK101 flies only eight feet above the ground...well below the radar limit!  So what? We could have done that soon. We had ways to make people ta-- ways to avoid the radar. And this XK101  -- they think it's so smart that they keep it in 'missile silos' underground. Hah!  We kept many things underground.
--  thought about a rocket that carries a nuclear warhead in its nosecone and can strike with an impact of  --
Albert!
It's very simple, Otis.  Very simple, the XK101 rocket. It's nothing, forty years ago we in the Fatherland were working on this. Five more years, we would've had it. But then  --  --  that silly war...Why, my cousin Werner had already  --
And stop interrupting. his is the big scene.  Your finest hour! You rose to the challenge, baby! And you lost. That's the best part!
But Mr. Luthor, sir, I already  --
We're running out of smoke.
Ah! The guest of honor at last! And about time, too!
Otherwise, you're a Mongoloid idiot.  It's reasonable to assume that fragments of the planet were shot out into space by the force of the explosion, and  --
Thank you.
You're a great architect, Albert.
He's thirty-five years old.
That the planet blew up on May 23, 1937. That the rocket ship with the revolting little freak in it took three years to reach Earth. Ergo?
Shut up, apple-polisher.
Nobody else.
Ahhhh, my favorite part of the day. Who else could have thought of this aquarium?
Wonderful. Otis will go above and steal some Big Macs.
There's some slice American cheese...and...a half a bottle of club soda, I think.
I take the man out of Argentina - and it was no picnic finding him y'know? And what does he think about? Bunkers. Still living in the past, when I am about to realize the greatest real estate scheme in the history of the world!
Bunkers!
You'll be designing monuments soon, Albert! Hotels! Palaces!
Stop saying you know when I say 'y'know.' I know you know.  Yes, I know you're here, Otis. What do you want, a brass band?
I know, but  --
It's for that piece she's doing on women and competition. She's off to the Women's Western Golf Classic.
What's she doing in California?
She's in California. That's wild enough, I guess.
Lois isn't here?
You and Lois, you get all the action.  There she is, out in the wild West and everything.
It was hot, yes.
A hot story, huh?
I've been on the job.
You'd better get a new alarm clock. The chief has been hollering for you.
I will.
Keep warm now.
North. It's north
Do you know where you're headed?
I know son, I know...
Mother...
He's a good man, Ben is. Your father always said so.
I talked to Ben Hubbard this morning. He'll be more than glad to bring in the crops on shares.
I know.
Mom...
Anyway, we Kent's don't like showoffs, ain't that so? A body's got to be humble even if he knows that he's better'n his neighbors.
Don't worry, Mom. I know.
I know you're a good boy, Clark. No mother could ask for better. It's just that...
No, Mom. You know I wouldn't break my promise.
Clark...Son...that...thing you did with the Sheriff today... those...stunts...you don't do those things at school, do you?
Yes, but I'm the only one who knows him. I  --  I really like the guy. And he likes me.  I think. I mean, I could talk to him, you know? And he could talk to me.  Anytime...
You're not the only one.
Oh, what a chance! If I could just  --  get to him.
No thanks.
It isn't that I still don't like you, Clark. It's just that...well, once you've had something like that happen to you, it kind of changes a girl.  I'm going to make some coffee. You want some?
Super...man. Hmmm...
They will once I hang it on him in tomorrow's edition.
Is that what they're calling him?
Superman.  Pretty good name for him, isn't it?
What'd you call him?
Of this...Superman.
Jealous? Of what?
You're just jealous.
I don't know, Lois, but I do know a fraud when I hear one. This thing goes against all natural laws.
Why would he do that? How would he know I was going to suddenly slip.
Look, there was probably a trampoline on the roof somewhere and this joker just took a big bounce.
He grabbed me! He held me! He set me down gently! How could that be done with mirrors?
Mirrors, then. It's done with mirrors.
There weren't any wires. I looked.
It was done with wires. They must have rigged him like they do with Peter Pan.
Clark Kent, if you had only seen it the way I did, you -
Oh sure. A man flies in the sky like a pigeon and it wasn't a trick.
It wasn't a trick!
You were probably so scared you didn't look to see what the trick was.
I'm telling you, I was there.
Come again?
Not unless you can fly.
Can I take you to the airport?
Lois, you should see what the inside of your lungs look like.
There's no real proof that tobacco  --
No. I'm just thinking that you smoke too much, if you don't mind my saying so.
For what? Oh, I've see the way the other half lives. My sister, for instance. it looks terrific, but is that what I really want? Three kids, two cats, and fifteen needlepoint pillows? I'd go bananas after one week. Hell, I need this crazy existence of mine.  Like I need the plague, right? That's what your thinking.
Don't you ever give up?
It's not what you think. Darn it. I'm going out on a story. The Secretary of Defense is landing at the airport tonight and this kid's going to be there to make sure he answers a few questions he'd rather duck.
Oh.
Thanks, Clark, but I'm booked for the night.
Oh, not really. I guess I'll just watch a little TV and --  --  unless...would you be interested in dinner?
Big night coming up?
Huh?
What now, my love?
I just took a shot at it.
You described the exact contents of my purse.
Know what?
Supposing that man had hurt you? Is it worth risking your life over ten dollars, two credit cards, and a lipstick? I mean, it's not as if --
You're great with the advice, Clark. Maybe you'd better take over the lovelorn column.
It isn't worth getting a heart attack over, Lois.
Oh, for God's sake!
He may have a gun!
Stop him, Clark!
What the  --  !
Hey!
Not in Metropolis it isn't. This is the home of the sneak attack, the stab in the back, the --
Unbelievable.
See? Didn't I tell you this was a tough town?
'Swell.' When  was the last time I heard anybody say  -  where are you from , anyway?
But otherwise it's swell.
Some people aren't the athletic type.
I think I lost a week's salary at the dart board.
Well, how are you enjoying your first day on the job?
Not really, no.
Are there any more at home like you?
Not really, no.
Not...gray.
Actually, she's silver-haired.
I know. He sends a check every week to his dear gray-haired old mother.
No.
Your bookie?
Hey, you're getting a better class of people in your office these days, Boss.
I'll bet you have some good ideas.
Well!
I'd like to.
Okay.  Take me to your leader.
What can I tell you? He's my leader.
Look, lady, you saved my life once. I owe you a favor. But I can't understand why you follow a man like that.
Oh.
Sure, and let the plane crash in the middle of the city.
Couldn't we forget the plane? You could lift me in your big strong arms?
I'd better get you down.
The way you describe him doesn't really do him justice.
The bald man! The one who tried to kill me?
He wants to see you. Lex Luthor.
Besides that.
Screaming
What are you doing here?
Help! I mean  --  I can't stop saying it. Silly, isn't it  -  There's nothing to worry about. Help! See.
You! The girl from the volcano!  Kryptonite...
You too.  I just...I can't get it on for good guys. Y'know?
Listen...thank you.
Of course I can. I love you.
You can't do this to me!
What other one?
I mean the other one!
I'm wearing it.
Good. Fine. Now where's my parachute?
Miss Teschmacher, Superman is a fairly bright individual. My understanding of the way he works is that he won't be fooled by a simple trick.
Where's mine?! Where's my parachute?
Lex is going bye-bye.
Danger??  Somebody??? Lex  -- where are you going?
He always shows up when somebody's in danger.
What if he doesn't show up? What if he's taking a nap?
You got wax in your ears?
Tea?
Nothing, nothing. I just want to invite him to tea.
What are you going to do to him?
Not exactly. But it's his kind of neighborhood.
Oh. Why? does he live up here?
I didn't bring any  --
Your volcano chum? Your junior life-saving buddy?  Let's get high.
This all has something to do with Superman, doesn't it?
Yours not to reason why, Miss Teschmacher. Relax! Enjoy it!  Just look at that smog!
I don't understand.
Baby -- I'm going to take you higher.
A night on the town instead of under it?
She knows. Clever, very clever.  And unappreciated. But I'm going to take you away from all this.
I know...
You've been under such a strain. And I've ...I've --  -- neglected you. Mea culpa! Y'know.
I knew you'd hit me.
Hit you? A clever girl like you?  'He turned slowly, slowly in the lava...' was how you described it. Now that's clever.  I have to hand it to you.
You're not going to hit me?
Something you can feed the pets, perhaps?  Let's have it.
There was a recipe on the back  --
No news is not good news. Y'know
You have two minutes and thirty- two seconds.
You?! How about me?
Don't let me down.
Nothing.
But if I put my leg out like Claudette Clobert in  --
They stop for nothing.
Ready.
Ready?
Is that an innuendo, Miss Teschmacher? Because if it is, you are about to experience the heady thrill of being hurled from a moving vehicle.
You ever try to run in high heels?  You probably did.
Weak sister.  I still can't figure out why it took so long for you to catch up with us after we all ran out. Y'know?
I don't like to talk about it, Lex.
About Vesuvius. About Superman writhing in the bowels of the volcano.  Ahh, the look on his face when he saw that Kryptonite. When will I see another, y'know? Y'know?
The least we can do is leave him another door jam.
What do you suggest, my dear?
We just take it?
The door jam, Miss Teschmacher. This Ethiopian shmendrick here, in his simple, unconscious way, needed something to wedge the door open, the better to inhale the flies that form such an  important part of his diet. So he grabs something from the table...
You're not going to tell us why you're happy, are you?
La de da da...
You're happy, aren't you?
I will as soon as I get the sand out of my nose.
Breathe that air, Miss Teschmacher.
No, you're going to get kissed,
I know I'm going to get rapped in the mouth for saying this, but so what?
Tune me in , lady. An explosion such as the one Superman describes would have altered the molecular structure of the Krypton rock.
I don't mean to denigrate your misspent youth, Lex, but what does that rock have to do with --
Ahh. 'National Geographic." In my day, this made 'Playboy" look like Mother Goose.
Bingo!
Meteorites!
Deductive reasoning, my friends! That's the name of the game. What does it say here?
Mr. Romance...
Stay and listen!  Besides, it's twelve in the afternoon. This is no time to go to bed.
I'm going to bed.
See? I see. It's you who don't see. Doesn't see. I cannot believe it! How you people fail to grasp the long-range significance of this! Y'know?
See?
Exactly, Miss Teschmacher.
I read the article.
Some people can read 'War and Peace' and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Other people can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and come away with the secret of the universe.  Y'know.
Krypton? The place where Superman comes from?
Krypton!
When it gets to seventy-five below, stabilize it.
Fifty degrees below and still falling.
What's the temperature now?
Place your bets, ladies and gentlemen.,
Damn!  This will get him.
I didn't say a word.
Shut up.
You're on.
Bet he makes it.
Tough guy, huh?
Nuts. He made it.
He's from another world.
You think he's for real?
I needed this, Y'know? I really needed this. just when I'm nearing the fruition of my project, Big Bird flies into town.  Go ahead! Kill me by inches! Put me on the agony rack!
First the pets, Otis.
Again???
What about dinner? I have to worry about the crime of the century, that's all. Y'know? Am I supposed to worry about what's in the refrigerator, too?  What's in it?
Speaking of feeding things, what about dinner?
Even that would be an improvement.
You'll be seeing stars in a minute, Miss Teschmacher. y'know?
Streets, Sunlight. When was the last time I saw sunlight.
Criers and complainers! That's what I get! Moaners and groaners! Me, Lex Luthor, who figured out how to live in luxury without ever paying one cent in taxes. Lex Luthor, who built this fantastic kingdom under the sea, so to speak, hidden and undetected by the fools who eke out their miserable lives on the streets above.
So I've noticed.
Compared to what came before? A year of living in the sewers?  A part of that will always be with me.
This??
I know that. Bu tin this case he was right. Arnold 'Buster' Luthor, the most inept check forger of his time --  A pity he didn't live to see his son strike out for the big city. A pity he didn't live to see how, from humble beginnings, I created an empire.
Your father was a sick weirdo.
My father always said to me, 'Son, don't invest your money in anything but land. Land! Stocks rise and fall, banks fall, people are no damn good, but they'll always need land and for that they'll pay through the nose. 'Remember that ,' my father said. 'Land."
Why does it all mean so much to you? All the time, 'land, land, land.'
So it's six hundred feet below Park Avenue, It's still a Park Avenue address.
It isn't a Park Avenue address. really.
Me and my real estate? How  many other girls, Miss Teschmacher, are lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address like this?
You and your real estate.
Neither my wife nor I will attempt to leave Krypton.
Will you abide by the Council's opinion?
If you persist, you leave us no choice.
As an irredeemable criminal? You compare me to them?
And if I don't obey?
This discussion is terminated. The decision of the council is final.  You will cease pursuing this matter. Any attempt by you to continue, to create a climate of fear and panic among the populace, will be deemed an act of insurrection!
I have sworn to uphold the laws of Krypton.
But so is Vond-El
Then -
You are one of Krypton's greatest scientists Jor-El -
My friends, I am not a rash, impulsive person. I'm not given to wild, unsupported 	statements. We must evacuate this planet immediately!
Jor-El, Be warned. This tone of yours approaches insolence.
But you can't ignore these facts!  It's suicide!  Worse than that, it's genocide.
On the salary he pays me, I can't make my rent without it.
Need I ask who's favored to collect at the end of this week.
It's because I'm an intrepid girl reporter, Jimmy.  Besides, the chief of detectives has the hots for me.
How come you get all the good stories, Lois?
Gets you where you live, huh?
Boy!
'And the people on the street, the little man who runs the corner newsstand, the old lady sunning herself on the stoop the kids playing stick ball -- none of them will ever forget the night of senseless bloodletting that turned a friendly block part into a nightmare.' 
Two.
an Ode to Spring. are there one or two "T's" in bloodletting?
What're you writing, Lois?
I bless the day you came to us, son. You know that. But some people wouldn't understand.
What your mother means, Clark, is that she don't want folks to think you're special.
Oh, dear. That isn't what I --
Don't brag now,  Jonathan.
Got all A's this year. Teacher said he's the best 5th grader in the -
We don't want a child called 'Junior,' ain't that so, Clark? Why sure it is.
Who? Clark? I never cared two hoots for that fella.  Jonathan Jr. That's got a ring to it.
I was thinkin' what to call him. I was thinkin' I had an uncle who was a fine man, you recall him? The Church Sexton
Guess I'd better hitch up the rig and come back to get that...that thing he was settin' in. What do you make of that thing? Martha? You listening?
We'll say he's a child to my cousin in North Dakota, and just now orphaned.  Poor thing.
Folks'll ask question.
All these years, happy as we've been, how I prayed and prayed He'd see fit to give us a child. And just when I finally accepted my bitter lot...  No one must ever know.
He sure as heck does that.
The good lord works in mysterious ways.
All of us.
Well - gotta change that tire if were gonna get home.
Don't just stand there gapin' Jonathan. Can't you see he's cold?
What's your name, boy?
It's a ...baby.
Then you have on of those 'feelings.' It was called: 'love.'
I want to know what my child is going to face.
You've been doing some research in the archives.
Well, physiologically, he...	won't quite fit.
He will be odd, different.
Yes, true. But on other worlds there would be other problems - heat, cold, no life, no life support systems...No, Lara, believe me; Earth is the least of evils. On Earth, his lighter gravity will render him almost weightless - that can't be helped. But with his denser molecular structure, he will also be strong.  He will be fast, He will be virtually invulnerable.
He'll be weightless.
Their atmosphere will sustain him. He will look like one of them.
A million years behind us.  Jor-El, he's only a baby.
They are primitive, Lara, but they are not animals.
But why Earth, Jor-El. They're practically animals.
Lara, please...
-- as we will be.
It's the only logical conclusion. If he remains here, he'll be as dead as...
And it is forbidden for you to interfere with human history. All you can do, Kal-El, even now that you have...found yourself...is help them to evolve. Set an example. Show them they must strive towards the light. And... remember us...
There are none of them any good anyway.
Or twenty-four as it is in Earth time. Furthermore, if you will reveal yourself, your enemies will have a way of getting at you where you are vulnerable: by hurting the people you care for.  Ah, this Earth...this world you live in, Kal-El...  Resist its temptations, its rewards, especially its political system.
Twenty-four.
....to feel yourself. Very well. You are revealed to the world. But still you must keep your secret identity. First of all, you will need it as an escape valve. You cannot be special twenty-eight hours a day -
How good it felt -
How good it felt!
No! You couldn't imagine -
My son, I foresaw this. I knew -
I guess I got carried away
Enjoyed it?
I don't know what to say.  Look, I -- I just -
Whoever comes up with that will make Woodward and Bernstein look like Abbot and Costello.
He is. Usually.
If one of you can get that  -- I mean, I want the real Superman. Who is he? Where's he from? What's his favorite ball team? What's up?
I was going to say that there's only one 'p' in subpoena. What the hell did you major in at Radcliffe? Middle English?  Nice job on the teamster's update, Kent.
Nine to five it's a Pulitzer Prize, I know.
Lois, the kickback story...
Okay, but...why?  No offense.
Lois, take Kent there and introduce him around
It does, huh?  Clark Kent, I'd like you to meet Lois Lane.
Here's the story on that East 19th Street murder spree. Page one with a banner headline seems about right to me.
Well, I was born on a planet your scientists don't know too much about. It's in the Xeno Galaxy. Or it was. It was called Krypton. That's K-R-Y-P...
Where do you hail from?
Very much.
Do you like pink?
Sure.
Can you actually fly faster than the speed of sound?
Pink.
What color underwear am I wearing?
Only when somebody shoots them at me.
Do bullets really bounce off you?
Yes. Although I can get a headache just like anyone.
Is it true you're impervious to pain?
Uh-huh.
Can you really see through anything?
What about it?
What about this X-Ray vision of yours?
195 pounds.
How much do you weigh?
Thirty-five.
How old are you?
It's not bad.
It must feel great.
The reason I can fly is because my molecular structure is so constituted that I have a lighter density under Earth's gravitational force.
Oh.
I wouldn't do that. It's against the law.
Well, I mean it's not everybody that can deliver an air mail letter without putting a stamp on it.
I guess they are a little odd.
I didn't mean that in any pejorative way.
You think they're strange?
Okay. Let's start with these strange powers of yours.
Ask, You're the girl reporter.
Oh.  Well, where do we start?
I'd appreciate it if you didn't smoke.
Oh, I've got to get some matches.  My cigarette.
Not exactly. He's kind of a rewrite man. Actually, he's a bit dull, if you know what I mean.
Who's Clark? One of your colleagues?
If I do, you can punish  me. Fly me to Bermuda and just lave me there for two weeks.  This is fantastic! I wish Clark were here.
I think you'll be able to remember it. I doubt you'll misquote me.
Well...flashlight?
Unlisted number, Shall we proceed?
This is incredible. I was just sitting here trying to figure out how to contact you. I mean, you don't have an answering service, right?
There's been a lot of confusion in the media about who I am and what I'm up to and all that. I'd like to set the record straight. With your help.
The answer is yes. Now what's the question?
I came to talk to you.
Wha'...what are you doing here?
Right on the first guess.
Superman???
Not a chance. It's too nice a night.
With my luck, now it'll rain.
Let's just say I'm a friend.  And watch yourself from now on with those things, Okay?  I mean if the good lord wanted people to fly he would have given them wings.
Who...who...
Not while I'm around you're not. C'mon...
Oh, God! I'm going to die!
Do as I say. Let go!
You've got me? Who's got you???
Easy now, miss, I've got you???
Good enough for you. Now then --  --  tell me something I like to hear. As many times as I hear it...
Sort of.
Ah, dear simple Otis. Albert explain it to him.
I still don't get it.
Oh, Mr. Luthor...
Cleaning a rock, Otis?  Jot it down. As soon as we're back, he feeds the pets.
Maybe it's being polished or something. Maybe they're cleaning it.
They're killing me by inches!  Go ahead! Make me suffer! Milk me dry.
It's a Twinkie, boss.
Well, gents? What did I tell you? It's a piece of cake.
Will kill him! And I'm going to have a piece of the rock! Miss Teschmacher, pack your --
You mean bullets and fire and all that can't hurt him, but this kind of rock --
But, to someone from the planet Krypton, this substance would be lethal because of its high level of radioactivity. Kryptonite! Ah, Kryptonite! That's the stuff!
Y'know? I'm sure of it. Y'know? And there's a strong streak of goody- goody in him that is going to blow this deal for me if I don't do something about it.  Something!
It is for me.
Is that real enough for you?
Otis...
Please...
I guess I...uh...regressed.
And now he lies to me. He has been stealing ladies' purses again.  Haven't you? Haven't you, you miserable petty crook?
I...uh...check.
I gave him this new face.
I'll never forget you for that, Mr. Luthor.
I gave him steady employment --
I'll always be grateful, Mr. Luthor.
I broke the man out of prison --
Otis, were you up to your old tricks?
Matter? With me? Nothing's the matter.
What's the matter, Otis?
Excellent, Otis.  But what took you so long?
Did I do good, Mr. Luthor?
Not there!  A pine tree in Death Valley? Idiot! This is for the North Woods section!
There.
Yessir. Just what you wanted.
Now then, Otis. Did you get what I asked for?
No speeches, Otis. Just watch what Albert has prepared.  What are you waiting for?
I...uh...
We'll see how fast I can fly.
Now who's the dreamer, Superman? Even you can't fly that fast!
For the first time today, Superman I must tell you that you're wrong.  But how could you know that -  Oh, well. I guess I could tell you now. Y'see, actually...but this conversation is becoming rather dry, isn't it.
Well, it's very impressive but you built this junk for nothing.
In a way  -- oh, it'll be a relief. I'm a wreck. No rest for the wicked, y'know. It wasn't enough, the radio frequencies, then I had to worry about getting to the missile and adjusting the aiming. So that if I could have activated the launch  -- well, Lex Luthor would've hit the spot.  There's a little place on Route 190. Dead on the practice optimum stress point of the San Andreas Fault. It wouldn't mean much to you, Superman, but I call it...target zero.  Pancho's Taco Palace...
They'll soon be over.
Well, that's their problem, T.S. But  --  but the XK 101 also works on a radio wave control system. The problem was to find out the frequency. Problems, problems, I've had so many...
You guessed it!  You're always one step ahead of me.  Aren't you Superman?  Yes, right. There was a police helicopter buzzing the area and transmitting on the same frequency as the garage doors. The minute the signal went out --  Zip!  Zip!  Zip!
Luthor  --
And garbage doors.
On radio waves?
Still, foolishly, perhaps, I had a theory that eliminates the Presidential push-button.  I was doing my homework...
I know. I know.  I never promised myself a rose garden.
The XK 101. Luthor, that operates on radio waves. And with our fail-safe system, only the President himself can push that button.
You're right, you're right, Superman. There were wrinkles to iron out. But, well...  ...there is this new rocket, the XK 101.
It wouldn't hurt. You can't go on living in fantasies. Did you really think you could get hold of a nuclear bomb? And drop it?  Why, our Strategic Defense boys would have  --
Maybe I should get help.
It would never have worked, Luthor. You are a dreamer  --  a sick, twisted dreamer.
--  Dropped into the sea!  Bye-bye California! Hello, new West Coast! Gold Coast! My Coast.  And now...well...  I left my heart in San Francisco...
Nice! Most of California would have been destroyed. Millions of people would've been killed! The West Coast as we know it would have  --
Couldn't have said it better myself.  Now all this  --  --  west of the Fault is the most expensive real estate in the world. Los Angeles. San Diego. San Francisco. And here  --  --  is just hundreds and hundreds of miles of cheap desert land. Land that happens to be owned by Lex Luthor Enterprises. Well...  ...call me a fool, but ...it did occur to me that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb were to explode at exactly the proper stress point --  --  that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San Andreas Fault to 'do its thing.'  Ah, it would've been so nice, y'know...
Sure. It's the joining together of two land masses pushed together eight million years ago. The fault line itself is unstable and always shifting, which is the reason you get earthquakes in the California area from time to time.
At the San Andreas Fault. Maybe you've heard of it.
Right, right. Where was I? Ah, yes --
Of time, Luthor.
It's just that  --  I spent a fortune on these things!  And all for naught! What a waste  --
No, Superman, of course not. You do get around, don't you.
I don't need a geography lesson, Luthor.
This is California. The richest, most populous state in America. And growing like a sonofagun.
Oh, that. Listen  --  you're busy  --  and it's a long story --
Plenty! About 'The Crime of the Century,' Remember?
Well  --  you've got me! What can I say?
But...why?
Makes Cecil B. DeMille look like the Senior Class play, right?
What is this??!
I'll tell her that.
I hope she gets better.
I will.
Say hi to Zoe.
Alison.
Alison.
Mitchell.  It was nice to see you again, Ally.
Well, it was nice meeting you again, Mr. Stephens.
Nothing.  We made it to the hospital.  I didn't have to go as far as I was prepared to.  But I was prepared to go all the way.
What happened?
I didn't know.  I was in a panic.  I guessed she'd been bitten by an insect, but there was no doctor. The nearest hospital was forty miles away, and Zoe was continuing to swell.  Klara took her in her arms and tried to breast-feed her, while I dialed the hospital.  I finally got a doctor on the line.  He sounded young, but cool.  He was confident, but there was a nervousness.  He have been an intern.  This was the first time he ever had to deal with anything like this.  He wanted to seem like he knew what he was doing, but he was just as scared as I was.
What happened?
I woke to the sound of Zoe's breathing.  It was laboured.  I looked over and noticed she was sweating and all swollen.  I grabbed her, rushed to the kitchen, and splashed water on her face.
I...don't think so.
That's okay.
I'm...so sorry.
It turns to steaming piss.
What...does it turn to?
Yes.  Do you find there's something strange about this meat?
She's in trouble?
That's where I'm going.  To see her.
But you said...
She didn't.
Then...when did she get better?
Other clinics?  Oh sure.  Clinics, half-way houses, treatment centers, detox units...
So there were others?
Sunnyridge.  That was a long time
I don't remember the name.  It was near a beach.
Which clinic?
Which one?
Which one?
Not really.  The last time I saw her was at that clinic.  That was a long time ago.
Are you still in touch?
I'm glad to hear that Zoe's okay.
And Zoe?  How's Zoe?
Yes...fine.
I'd heard that.  But she's well?
We're...not together.
How is Mrs. Stephens?
Ally Jones.
He used to work with you.  Until you found out he was having an affair with your wife.
And what does he do again?
I'm fine.  Still working with my father.
I'm just fine, Ally.  What about you?
How are you?
Ally.  That's right.
Ally.  That was my nickname.
Yes.
Alison Jones.
Yes, we do know each other.  I'm Alison Jones.
I'm telling you this because we've all lost our children, Mr. Ansel...
Why are you telling me this?
That's my daughter.  Or it may be the police to tell me that they've found her dead.  She's a drug addict.
I'm telling you this because... we've all lost our children, Mr. Ansel.
Why are you telling me this?
That's my daughter.  Or it may be the police to tell me that they've found her dead.  She's a drug addict.
I know Risa and Wendell Walker. They wouldn't hire a goddamned lawyer.  And the Ottos wouldn't deal
The Walkers have agreed.  The Ottos. Nicole Burnell's parents.  It's important to initiate proceedings right away.  Things get covered up. People lie.  That's why we have to begin our investigation quickly. Before the evidence disappears. That's why I'm out here tonight.
Case?
You can help each other.  Several people have agreed to let me represent them in a negligence suit. Your case as an individual will be stronger if I'm allowed to represent you together as a group.
Leave us alone, Stephens.  Leave the people of this town alone.  You can't help.
No, Mr. Ansel.  I wouldn't sue you.
Mr. Mitchell Stephens, Esquire, would you be likely to sue me if I was to beat you right now?  Beat you so bad that you pissed blood and couldn't walk for a month.  Because that's what I'm about to do.
Not unless you can raise the dead.
I can help you.
No you don't.
I understand.
Mister, I don't want to know your name.
My name is...
Goodnight, Nicole.
Goodnight, Mr. Ansel.
Oh.  Right.
I'm not sure.
What do you mean 'outgrown it'?
And she really liked you.  She would've given you all this if she'd outgrown it, or...
No.  I mean, I remember Mrs. Ansel wearing some of this stuff, but...I don't feel funny about that.  I really liked her.
Nicole, I'm just going to pack all this stuff and give it to the church for charity.  Don't feel bad. Unless you feel strange about wearing it.
I don't know.
Why?
It just seems...kind of weird.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Okay.
I'll be back around nine.
Was it good?
They just finished supper.
Hi, Mr. Ansel.  Hi, Jessica, Mason...
Hi, Nicole.
Say hello for me.
She's resting.  In her room.
How is Nicole?  Is she around?
The children.
Billy, please.  The children.
I used to like it here.  I used to care about what happened.  Now I think I'll sell my house and move the fuck away.
Because I was driving behind the bus, Mary.  Because I saw it.  I saw it happen...
Why would he do that?  You didn't have anything to do with the accident.
I'm sorry.
I'll help pay for Nicole, if that's what you're really talking about. I'll even give you the money I got for my kids.  That's what we used to do, remember? Help each other.  This was a community.
It's not enough.  For hospital bills.  For Nicole.
Why?  You got money from Dolores' insurance with the school board.  We all did.
No, Billy.  We can't drop the lawsuit.  You know how much we need the money.
We've got lawyers suing lawyers because some people were stupid enough to sign on with more than one of the bastards.  We've got people pointing fingers, making side deals, and dickering over percentages. Yesterday, I heard somebody wants to sue the rescue squad.  The rescue squad.  Because they didn't act fast enough.
C'mon, you know that won't...
That's wrong, Sam.  You know that. We'll be tangled up in this thing for the next five years.  This is never going to go away...
That won't happen, Billy.  Mitch Stephens' case is small, compared to some of those other guys.  The way he told me, all he needs is for you to say what you saw that day, driving behind the bus.  I know it's a painful thing to do, but it'll only take a few minutes of your time.  That'll be the end of it.
If that bastard does subpoena me, if he forces me to go over this again, then all those other lawyers will line up behind him and try and do the same thing.
But yours is the one who's going to subpoena me, Sam.  Force me to testify in court.  He came by the garage this afternoon.  Gave me this piece of paper.
So?  I mean, lot's of folks have got lawyers.
I've tried to stay out of it.  But it turns out that's not so easy, Sam.  You've gone and got yourself this lawyer.  Mitchell Stephens. You and Risa and Wendell and the Ottos.
Okay, fine.  So...stay out of it.
Well I don't want a damned thing to do with it.
Because it's what we have to do.
Why not?
Well, it being so depressing and all.  But it's reality.  You can't just turn this off because you happen to think it's a bad idea.
How?
Well, I don't know why it should. There's a whole lot of people in town involved with lawsuits.  We're hardly unique here, Billy.  I mean, I can understand how you feel.
It does concern me.
I don't see how that concerns you, Billy.
Well, Sam, I might as well tell you the truth.  It's this lawsuit you've gotten yourself all involved with. I want you to drop the damned thing.
So what brings you out tonight?
You think that caused the accident, Risa?  That it brought bad luck? Christ, it sounds to me you're looking for a witch doctor, not a lawyer.  Or maybe they're the same thing.
Why did you do that, Billy?
Yes.
Is it true that you gave Nicole one of Lydia's dresses?  That she was wearing it when the bus crashed?
Well I don't.
Because I have to.
Why?
I have to.
You believe that?
...or that the guardrail wasn't strong enough.
Risa, I serviced that bus.  At the garage.  There's nothing wrong with it.
Mr. Stephens says that someone didn't put a right bolt in the bus...
Something made this happen, Billy. Mr. Stephens is going to find out what it was.
I stopped by the station a while ago.  I stared at the bus.  I could almost hear the kids inside.  There was a lawyer there.  He told me he'd gotten you signed up.  Is that true?
Good night.
Good night, Billy.
I better get back.
You're leaving.
Just like we look forward to this.
Sure.
They can look forward to that.
Well, maybe that's because they know I'm going to follow them.  Behind the bus.
Your kids never cry.
It's natural.
Yes.
That's because he misses you.
Tomorrow I'm going to put Sean on the bus.  He won't want to go.  He never does.  He'll cry and want to hold on to me.
What are you thinking?
When the game's over, I guess.
What time's he coming home?
No.  It should be dry by now.
Does this mean I can't take a shower?
Billy, do you have to smoke? Wendell can smell if someone's been smoking.
A while.
Have you been waiting long?
Can't you make it later?
She said she's got to be home by nine.
Billy, that's too early.
Nicole's coming over to look after the kids tonight.  She'll be there around six.
I don't know.  But it was weird in terms of what happened next.  Sean was still watching his mother.
Why would he be frightened?
He never took his eyes off his mother, even as he moved to sit beside Nicole.  He looked frightened.
Yes.  Abbot understands these things.
That's what he said, is it?
There might have been a word or two that slipped by.  Maybe you could clarify it for me, just to be absolutely sure.
Anything you didn't understand?
Yes.
You heard what Abbott said?
Who's been talking to you about what I'm feeling?  Who should care about what I'm feeling?
Excuse me?
What other people?
It's clear to me and other people that you have suffered significantly from this event.
Mrs.  Driscoll, if Billy Ansel does not volunteer to say so in court, I will subpoena him and oblige him to testify to that effect.
And Billy told you that he'll tell that to...
I did.
You've talked to Billy?
Billy said that?
Yes.  He does.
He knows that?  Billy?
Billy Ansel will insist that you were driving fifty-one miles an hour.  Just like you've done every morning for the past fifteen years.
Because I'd be to blame, right?
That would complicate things.
I told you that I was doing fifty miles an hour when the accident happened.  That's how I remembered it.  But the truth is, I might have been doing sixty.  Or sixty five. And if that's true, that I was over the limit when the bus went over, what would happen then?
What's that, Dolores?
I have a question for you, Mr. Stephens.
The Walkers loved Sean.  He was their only child...the object of all their attention.  I mean, Wendell's a withdrawn sort of man.  That's his nature.  But Risa, she's still got dreams.
Did they give him special care?
What do you mean?
Did his parents attend to that?
That's right.
You mentioned that he had a learning disability.
What do you mean?
Were his parents...attentive to him?
A strange little fellow, but you couldn't help liking him.  He was close to ten but seemed more like a frightened five or six.
With our hands.
And what's that?
Yes.  The old-fashioned way.
Berry-picking.
Abbott and I used to do a lot of that in the spring.
Yes.  Like I was putting them into my big basket.  Clearing the hillside of its children.
Berries.
That's the way I thought of them sometimes.
No.  I saw it on his face.
You talked about it?
No, nothing like that.  Billy's wife, Lydia, died of cancer a few years ago.  He took over raising the children by himself.  It was obvious how much he missed Lydia.
Did he have any particular problems that you knew of?  Financial pressures...run-ins with the law...
From what?
From what?
Billy loved to see his kids in the bus.  They always sat in the back, so they could wave to each other. It comforted him.

For rabbits?
Those are all from the fair last year.  Abbott and me were judges at the pet show.
Oh yes.  Like I said, they always came out together to see him off to school.  It's like he was their little treasure.  He was such a beautiful boy.  That's a picture of him on the wall there, behind Abbott.
And they loved Bear.
No, nothing like that.  The Ottos are what I'd call model citizens. They're regular at town meetings. They give their opinions  in a respectful way.  They always help out at various fund-raising bazaars in town , though they aren't church goers.
Do they have any reputation for drugs?
I mean, the way they look.  Their hair and clothing...
Yes.  What do you mean by 'hippies'?
About the Ottos?
What do you mean by that, Dolores?
Dolores.  No one calls me 'Mrs. Driscoll'.
The Ottos always waited for the bus with Bear.  They were the only parents who did that, together like that.  I guess they're what you might call hippies.
Away from your crazy Mom.
Oh, it's bizarre alright.  C'mon Bear.  Let's get you out of here.
It's for the school bazaar.
I'll just strap it on the roof.
I could wrap it up.  Protect the other kids.
I didn't say that.
You hate it.
Well, it's certainly what you'd call interesting.
What do you think?
Hi, Dolores.
Good morning, Wanda.  Hi, Hartley.
I'll...take it straight.
We've only got honey.
No.  A little sugar though.
I didn't ask if you wanted milk.
How long has Dolores been driving that bus, Mr. Otto?  How many times has she steered clear of danger? What went wrong that morning?
But Dolores said she saw a dog and tried to...
A cup of tea would be nice.  Would it be alright if I sit down for a few minutes, Mrs. Otto?  I want to talk to you.
You want a cup of tea or something?
It's the truth.
Nicole!
No.  What's this lawyer business?
Maybe we shouldn't be talking about this just now, with you barely home. Aren't you hungry, honey?  Want me to fix you something?
Who's Mr. Stephens?
No.  From Mr. Stephens.  That was him on the phone just now.  He was calling to see how you were.
From you?
Yes.  It's a present.
Is this mine?
I feel like a princess.
Your Dad spent all his spare time in here.  He wanted to make it absolutely perfect.
It's interesting.
So do you like your new room?
We had a terrible winter last year, didn't we, Sam?
How was it?
Well, winter's far behind us now.
And winter?
Summer's over.  It's fall.
What happened to summer?
Isn't it a lovely day?
He thought it was cute when I called him Frankenstein.  It wasn't.  I feel like his monster.
Would you like a cup of tea, Billy? There's a piece of cake left.
Hey, Billy!  What brings you out on a night like this?  C'mon in.  Take a load off.
That's what he said.
Is he coming over now?  Right away?
Jenny, it's time for you to go to bed.
Was he drinking?  Could you tell?
No.
Did he say what about?
That was Billy Ansel on the phone. He wants to come over to talk to us.
Okay.
Should I keep reading?
Oh.
No.  Not mean.  Just...very angry.
So he was mean?
Yes.
The people in the town?
Because...he wanted to them to be punished.
Well, if he knew magic - if he could get the kids into the mountain - why couldn't he use his pipe to make the people pay him for getting rid of the rats?
That's right.
What, Mason?
Nicole?
Okay.
I want to sit beside you tomorrow.
Don't you usually like to sit at the back?  To wave at your Dad?
Can I sit beside you on the bus tomorrow?
Yes.
Nicole?
Rats! They fought the dogs and killed the cats, And bit the babies in the cradles, And ate the cheeses out of vats. And licked the soup from the cook's own ladles, Split open the kegs of salted sprats, Made nests inside men's Sunday hats, And even spoiled the women's chats, By drowning their speaking With shrieking and squeaking In fifty different sharps and flats...
What's vermin again?
Oh.
It's like a song.
What's a ditty again?
The Pied Piper of Hamelin. By famous Hanover city; The river Weser, deep and wide, Washes its wall on the southern side; A pleasanter spot you never spied; But, when begins my ditty...
Unless the report from the National Weather Bureau for the district on January 23 goes into the record, I will object to that question.
It was snowing.
So you can keep on getting well before you have to go and do this. It's not going to be easy, Nicole. Do you understand that?
Why?
Yes.  Dolores...and even your mom and dad.  But I'll make sure you go last.
Dolores.
I'm absolutely positive.
You seem very sure about that.
There's no such thing as an accident, Nicole.  Not in a situation like this.
The truth is that it was an accident, and no one's to blame.
I don't want you to lie.
I won't lie.
They work for the people we're trying to sue.  Their job is to try to minimize damages.  Our job, Nicole, is to try to maximize them. You have to think of it that way. As people doing their jobs.  No good guys or bad guys.  Just our side and their side.
What do you want me to do for you, Mr. Stephens?
It would be strange if you didn't feel that way.
Yes.  Like Bear and the Ansel twins and Sean and...
That you didn't die?  Like the other children?
You can only feel lucky that you didn't die for so long.  Then you start to feel...unlucky.
You hate that.
I don't like thinking about the accident.  I don't even remember it happening.  Besides, it just makes people feel sorry for me, and...
Thank you, Nicole.
I have no questions.
And what was the weather like at this time?
Note that she said 'pretty clearly'. Not 'clearly'.
Did there come a time when the bus turned off Staples Mill Road onto
Note my objection.  She said, 'As I'm talking.'
I object to that form of question. Note that.
There was nothing reckless in Mrs. Driscoll's behavior?
Was the bus on time?
I object to the form of that question.  Note that.
No.
Have they ever been busted?
Wanda does these photographic things.  That's one of her pictures on the wall.
Crafts?
Crafts.
What do they do?
They're smart.  Been to college. They moved here from the city about a dozen years ago.
That's good.  Judges like adopted Indian boys.  Tell me more about the Ottos.
Yes.
Indian?
Wanda and Hartley.  They lost Bear. He was their adopted son.  A beautiful boy.  Indian.
Tell me about the Ottos.
There's the Prescots...
That's great, Wendell.  That's the sort of thing I need to know.  So it doesn't come back to haunt our case later on.
People who will help our cause.
What do you mean?
...coming home drunk and I guess feeling trapped by his life and blaming her for that...and...
That's the local bar?
At school.  She fell for Kyle just before we graduated.  Got pregnant, and...went to live in a trailer up on a woodlot Kyle's dad used to own. Kyle started spending more and more time at the Spread Eagle...
When?
She...she was a friend of mine.
What about Doreen?
Hard to say.  I might have...some business here.
Will you be spending more than a night?
Do you have a room?
Thanks.
Here we go.
Perfect.
Is this it?
Almost three.
How old is she?
Tell me about it.
You always think you're prepared for these things.
Sure, it you could find a towel in this bag.  I know my wife packed one in there...
Need a hand?
I love you, Zoe.  I'll be there soon, and I'll take care of you.  No matter what happens.  I'll take care of you.
Oh God, I'm scared.
Yes.  I can hear you breathing too.
I can hear you breathing, Daddy.
Of...course I do.  I just thought...I could get you another
You don't believe me?  You don't fucking believe me?
Do you have the blood test?
You can't ask me that!  Not anymore! You asked me what I wanted.  Not what I wanted it for.  I want money.
What for?
I need money.
What do you want me to do, Zoe? I'll do whatever you want.
Welcome to hard times, Daddy.
Yes.
I tested positive.
Yes.
Do you know what that means, Daddy? Does it register?
No.  But this is.  They wouldn't take my blood.
That's not news, Zoe.
Okay.  I went to sell blood yesterday.  That's how it is.  I'm in this fucking city where my father is a hot shit lawyer, and I'm selling my blood.
Tell me your news, Zoe.
You always think you know what I'm going to say, don't you?  You always think you're two steps ahead of me. The lawyer.
Yes.  Give me your news, Zoe.
Don't you want to hear?
News?
I'm calling because I've got some news for you, Daddy.  Some big news.
Yes.
Daddy?
Yes, I'll accept the charges.
I...I just need to know what state you're in so I know...how to talk to you...how to act...
Why can't you talk to me?
Yes.
DADDY!!!
'Cause you think I'm stoned, Daddy? 'Cause you think I've got a needle stuck in my arm?  Is that what you're thinking, Daddy?
The problem is I have no idea who I'm talking to right now.
So what's the problem?
Nothing's wrong with trying to talk to me, Zoe.
Why am I calling you?  You're my father.  I'm not supposed to call you?  What's the matter with wanting to talk to you, Daddy?
Why are you calling me, Zoe?
Remember that time we were having the car washed and I started playing with the automatic window?  How old was I, Daddy?  Five or six?  I got absolutely soaked, remember?
A car wash!  Wow, I've never talked to you when you've been in a car wash.  Make sure you've got the windows closed.
I'm in a car wash.
Well, let's see what we get.
I'm not sure if that will leave much on the plate.
If you could pick the shrimp off, as well as anything that touches the shrimp...
Yes.
Is there shrimp on it?
We do.
Poached salmon.
What is it?
I'm sorry about that, Mr. Stephens. Would you like to try the fish?
I'm afraid this meat is overdone.
Some more wine?
Do you have this agreement with you?
If you agree to have me represent you in this suit, I will require no payment until after the case is won, when I will require one third of the awarded amount.  If there is no award made, then my services will cost you nothing.  It's a standard agreement.
No.
Are you expensive?
Listen to me, Mrs Otto.  Listen very carefully.  I do know what's best.
Isn't that what you want us to believe?  That we're completely defenseless?  That you know what's best?
Excuse me?
So you're just the thing we need.
Mrs.  Otto,  there is no such thing as an accident.  The word doesn't mean anything to me.  As far as I'm concerned, somebody somewhere made a decision to cut a corner.  Some corrupt agency or corporation accounted the cost variance between a ten-cent bolt and a million dollar out-of-court settlement.  They decided to sacrifice a few lives for the difference.  That's what's done, Mrs. Otto.  I've seen it happen so many times before.
You think someone else caused the accident?
It's my belief that Dolores was doing exactly what she'd been doing for years.  Besides, the school board's insurance on Dolores is minimal.  A few million at the very most.  The really deep pockets are to be found in the town, or in the company that made the bus.
Dolores?
You are angry, aren't you, Mrs. Otto?  That's why I'm here.  To give your anger a voice.  To be your
Who did they get for that?
It should be said that my task is to represent the Walkers only in their anger.  Not their grief.
Their child died, and they got a lawyer.
Yes.
You've been retained?
The Walkers spoke very highly of you.
Please.
No.
Please, let me explain.  I'll only take a moment of your time.
You can't come here.
I'm a lawyer.
Who are you?
I'm sorry for coming over unannounced like this, Mrs. Otto, but the Walkers said you would understand.  I know it's an awful time, but it's important that we talk.
Don't know.  Food banks, welfare, church charity.  They scrape by.
How does the family survive?
Can't get off that shitty dump they live on.  What little money comes in goes to booze.
Probably half a dozen traffic convictions.  Drunk driving.  Lost his licence.  That's why he don't work no more.
Any criminal record?
Been drinking since high school. Fucked himself up.  Used to be smart enough.
In what way?
Kyle Lambston's a drunk.  Nobody likes him.  He's a nasty piece of work.
No.
Are you a reporter?
I remember the bus swerved, it just suddenly swerved to the right, and it hit the guardrail and the snowbank on the side of the road, and then it went over the embankment there, and everyone was screaming and everything.  And that's all.  I guess I was unconscious after that. That's all.  Then I was in the hospital.
What do you remember about the accident?
Yes.  I do now.  Now that I'm telling it.
You remember this?
No.  Because the bus went off the road.  And crashed.
There wasn't time?
I was scared.  And there wasn't time.
Why not?
No.
Did you say anything to Mrs. Driscoll?
Yes.
You saw the speedometer?
I told you I was positive.  The speedometer was large and easy to see from where I was.
You believe that the bus driven by Mrs. Driscoll was going at seventy- two miles an hour at this time?
Positive.
Seventy-two miles an hour?  You're sure of this?
Seventy-two miles an hour.
How fast would you say Mrs. Driscoll was going?  To the best of your recollection?
Yes.  I looked.  I remember clearly now.  It seemed we were going too fast down the hill.  I was scared.
You could see the speedometer?
The speedometer.  And it was downhill there.
Mrs.  Driscoll was driving too fast? What made you think that, Nicole?
Dolores was driving too fast.
Why were you scared?
Yes, I understand.
This is before the accident, Nicole. Do you understand what I'm asking?
Why were you scared?
I was scared.
Yes.
Before the actual accident?
I will offer that report.  Well, then, now that your memory seems to be clearing, can you tell us what else  you observed at that time?
Yes.
You are?
There was a brown dog that ran across the road up there, right by the dump, and Dolores slowed down not to hit him, and he ran into the woods.  And then Dolores drove on and turned onto the Marlowe road, as usual.  I remember that.  I'm remembering it pretty clearly.
Yes.
As I'm talking, I'm remembering more about it.
You remember that much?
Yes.
Did there come a time when all the children had been picked up?
No.
Until the accident?  No.  Yes, there was.
And according to your recollection, there was nothing unusual about the drive that morning?
My usual place.  On the right side. The first seat.
And where did you sit that morning?
Yes.
Like what?  I mean, I don't remember a lot.
Was there anything unusual about the driver, Dolores Driscoll, or the bus that particular morning?
No.  I was alone.  My sister Jenny was sick and stayed home that day.
Was anyone waiting for the bus with you?
About eight-thirty in the morning.
What time in the morning was this?
Yes.
Now on that morning, did there come a time, Nicole, when you left your parents' house?
Someplace where no one knows her.  Someplace strange and new.
There's talk of that.
She'll move away.
It's too late for that.  She can't drive the bus anymore.  The school board saw to that right off.
Will the police do anything to her?
I don't know.
What's going to happen to Dolores?
Okay.
How about Sunday night?  That's always the best time.
Yes.
Great.
Well, okay.  I'll take you about nine-thirty in the morning.  That's okay with you?
He couldn't look at me.  But I looked at him.  Right at him.  His secret was mine now.  We used to share it.  But not anymore.  Now, I owned it completely.
I mean I'm a wheelchair girl now. It's hard to pretend I'm a beautiful rock star.  Not like you used to tell me.  Remember, Daddy?  All the people that were going to discover me?  Where are they now?
What do you mean?
You seem...I don't know...well, distant, I guess.  Hard to talk to.
Great.
Nicole, tomorrow Mr. Stephens wants you to make your deposition at the courthouse.  I thought I'd take you over.
No.
Are you sleeping?
As opposed to this T.V.?
Nothing good on your T.V.?
Nothing.
What are you up to, Nicole?
Well, Mr. Stephens is representing several families.  The Ottos, the Walkers, us, and I think a couple more.  Mr. Stephens is suing the town for negligence.  He's sure that the accident could have been avoided if they had done their jobs right. He's a very smart man.
How will he do that?
Partly.  But there's a lot the insurance doesn't cover.  That's one of the reasons we have a lawyer.  To make sure the insurance gets paid and to help us look after the rest.
What about insurance?  Doesn't insurance pay for these things?
You're going to need special care for a long time to come.  It's not going to be easy.  Not for you, not for any of us.  Because we love you so much.  And it's going to cost money.  More than we can imagine.
But you didn't lose me.
It's because of the accident, Nicole.  Most people in this town whose kids were on the bus have got lawyers.  A lot of people...well, people in this town are very angry. Us included.
My lawyer?  Why do I need a lawyer?
Well, yes.  He's your lawyer too.
You and Mom have a lawyer?
He's a lawyer.  He's our lawyer.
Oh.  I better get some spackle.
That's too high.  I'll never reach it.
Sure.  I'll fix it right away.
The door needs a lock.
And I had to widen a few doors. You'll see.
It's okay.
Do you like the colour?
Very slick.
Pretty slick, eh?
The ramp?
How do you like it, Nicole?
Don't even try to remember.
They say I'm lucky because I can't remember the accident.
Does it fit?
Mrs.  Ansel's clothing.
What's that?
Nothing.
What took so long?
Just the way Dolores gets so excited about bringing the kids to check out the animals.  It's like the biggest thing in her life.
What's so funny?
I am.  Really.  It was awesome.
You don't sound like one hundred percent absolutely sure.
Of course.
You mean it?
You're going to blow everyone away.
Really?
That was great.
You don't know that.
Yeah, well, they probably smoke weed.
The Ottos.
Don't even think of the Bilodeaus or the Atwaters.  They're all inbred.
Charlene's over at the Spread Eagle every other night.  Sleeps with whatever she can get her hands on. She'll go down for a pat on the head and a fistful of peanuts.
But Charlene...
That sonofabitch owes thousands to the bank and half the businesses in town.  He's about to lose his house and car.
Yeah, right.
Well, there's the Hamiltons.  Joe and Shelly Hamilton.
That's the horse!  Shotgun - Shotgun in the fifth!
Waiter, the check.  This man is trying to hold a gun to my head!
Where are we running?  What am I missing here?
Hitler!
Will you mind your own business!
Oh, are you a spy for the other side?
That's right!  Tell him, so I can read it in Hunsecker's column first!
It's compensation, Leo, for the marginal life we lead.  Sidney, did you hear the story about the cloak-and-suitor who -- ?
You ought to stop this nonsense, Loretta, these two dollar bets.
How do you do, Mr. Falco.  If you know anything about horses, sit a minute.  Help yourself to a glass of this N.Y. State champagne - that's what my husband buys me.
Loretta...Sidney Falco...
Thanks, I see him...
He's somewhere...
Yeah, having supper with the Mrs. She's over there.
Just hopping tonight.  Leo Bartha been in?
Hello, Sidney.  Wanna table?
A Senator, an Agent and Something - With - Long - Red - Hair.
Alone or surrounded?
But of course...
Is "he" inside?
How are you tonight, Mr. Falco?
I doubt that it matters any more.
I could think of better places to meet her, instead of here.  He lives on the whole top floor.
I guess you're right, but -
Not that I'm convinced, but you'll never prove it in a million years.  Steve, you'll do what you want, but it can't hurt; he offers you an olive branch - so today like olives!
I still think he's responsible for the smear.
We're on our way there now...
I want to speak to Miss Hunsecker, please.
...excited with good reason, I wanted to say.  Because this endangers the future of the whole quintet...
Don't apologize for me, Frank!
Boys, this gets nobody nowhere - you're over excited, Steve and -
I thought you might have a faint idea of how this item originated.
Excuse me, Steve.  I said namely you shouldn't go around wild, blaming people without justification.
You don't like it, do you.  I think she will accept, but I'm not sure. She may be too dependent on her brother.
Did she accept?
The next time you want information, Falco, don't scratch for it like a dog - ask for it like a man!
Come on boys, break it up...
Then what are you doing here?  Go over there and fight!  If Van Cleve fires your boy, it gives a lie the ring of truth!
...People catch on quick to such an item.  Van Cleve already called me - he's firing the quintet.
I don't like this threatening attitude.  When it comes to it, what the heck is it your business what they do, this boy and girl...
Listen, Frank, you'd better make sure you're telling me the truth.
Four five nights ago.  That's how I know the romance is off.  Also Steve's in a very bad mood.
That's a nice tour.  All booked?  When was Susie around here last?
Coupla weeks.  For eight weeks.
When do these hot-headed boys of yours go on the road?
Not in those exact words - you know what a temper he's got.
You told him that?
Yeah, and it's the truth, to the best of my knowledge.  And, frankly, I'm glad.  For Steve's sake, I'm glad, not yours.  I manage these boys and I got their best interests at heart.  Steve shouldn't get mixed up with no bimbo at his age.
You told me that your boy was washed up with Susie Hunsecker, didn't you?
Looka, Sidney, you're my own sister's son, but where does that give you the right to call me a liar?
Frank, I think maybe you lied to me.
Robard's my client.  I did it for him and his club, not your boys.
Thanks for the publicity spread you got the boys for the benefit tomorrow.
I only had a few hours.
See my mother?
Went over to Philly yesterday an' seen the folks...it's nice you send them the fifty a month...
And with ten percent of his future, you're great, too, Frank.
That's a lollipop that, boy.  The kid is only great.
Your nephew doesn't want a drink.
Joe, give my nephew a drink.
Hurry back.
Blessings on thee, the both...well... Gotta run now.  See you two kids later!
Give me a chance --
I hate J.J. -- but not that much at this moment...
Right!
Otis was outraged when I told him Van Cleve was going to fire you. Tell him not to pay any attention to anything you-know-who says about you-know-what.  Right, Otis?
Friends call me Otis - sometimes Tricky Otis.
I see you're full of human feelings...
And, instead, he printed his heel in your face?
You don't know that lunatic yet? Whims - egotistic whims!  Like the gag - when you got him for a friend, you don't need an enemy!  That's what the fight with Bartha was about. "Leo", I says, "Hunsecker froze me out.  So I'm eating humble pie this month - please print me an item."
If it were that easy, you wouldn't find an empty phone booth for the next two hours...
Call him up and ask - he might drop dead with shock.
How is dear old J.J. by the way?
I'm late for a date with a dame.
I see Bartha gave you cold tongue for supper.  Hey, wait a minute!
Ten'll get you fifty you're playing hookey from a padded cell!
But my day with Susie isn't over yet and--
Son, I don't fancy shooting mosquitoes with elephant guns.  So suppose you just shuffle along and call it a day...
Why?  Because I don't like the way you toy with human lives? - Your contempt and malice?  Because I won't be the accomplice of your sick ego - and the way it's crippled Susie...?  You think of yourself - you and your column - you see yourself as a national glory...but to me, and thousands of others like me, you and your slimy scandal, your phony patriotics - to me, Mr. Hunsecker, you are a national disgrace!
And what have I done to her, besides not buy her a new fur coat lately?  Sidney, you were right -- the boy's a dilly.
No, I don't care about you -- you're fantastic.  My whole interest, if it's not too late, is in Susie...and how to undo what you've done to her...
If looks could kill, I'm dead...
Son, you raise your voice again and you'll be outa here on your golden pratt!
I'm trying to get Susie to stand up to you.  But your manner is so threatening that she's afraid to speak!
May I lift my eyebrows?  What is this?  What are you trying to do?
Those "dears" sound like daggers. May I suggest that you stop DARING her to speak?
Susie, as always, is free to say anything she thinks.  Go on, dear, say exactly what's on your mind, dear.
I'm afraid I can't cope with them.
You hear that, Susie...  Continue please...
Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels.
Wait a minute, I haven't handed over punishing privileges to you YET!  Put the whip down and I might respect what you're saying...
Right now you're in no position to ask questions!  And your snide remarks---
I don't take kindly to you and Falco selling me ethics.  Who's the injured party here, you?
He's here, isn't he?  Do you think, sir, when he dies he'll go to the dog and cat heaven?
Why do you keep coupling me with Falco?
No punch line.  Maybe I was just admiring your know-how---yours and Falco's.
Frankly, son, you lost me on that last hill.  Just give us the punch line...
Well, just be careful you don't knock her down, huh?
Nuts!  I'm not here as an artist! I'm here as an average Joe, who happens to love your sister Susie!
Just exactly what are you so hot about?  I mean, I know it's a difficult thing to be an artist in this crudest of possible worlds, but --
Son, lots of people tell me I'm a gifted man, but I still can't see around corners.
Is it news to you?
Why, has he bothered you before?
Does he have to be here in our hair?
Serious as a deacon...I like it.  I like your style, son!  In a world of old rags and bones, I like it! For instance, take Sidney.
No, I wouldn't...
Take it easy, Susie.  He wouldn't be much of a man if he didn't understand my concern.  Would you, son?
I'll by that, son.  Now, you owe ME a favor.  Be good to my kid sister...
Mr. Hunsecker, there's nothing to that smear.  You have my sincere word...
You've been very kind about it, Mr. Hunsecker. HUNSECKER Give Susie credit for that.  I took her word that there was nothing to the smear.  Matter of fact, I'll have my say about smears on the show today.  That's why I'd like YOUR personal assurance, too.
Well, son, looks like you went out and bought yourself a packet of trouble...
Susan!...
No!  NO!  Don't touch me!
No.  I'm going home.
You in a mood, Susie, to run over to Milgrim's later and buy a few new frocks?
Sometimes I think ALL men are fools!...
Susie, I'm sorry if---
Before you leave, son, I'll answer your question---Susan Hunsecker is the injured party here!  Or will I be hearing next that I don't even have my sister's welfare at heart...
No...
Susie, did you know about this accusation...?
J.J., Steve isn't...
Susie likes to keep her girlish secrets.  But in her heart of hearts I imagine, Dallas, that she fancies you in an uncommon way. Now, what about YOU, son?  Not just tom-catting around...I hope?
A man couldn't ask for a squarer shake.  Let me have Billy Van Cleve...  Don't ever tell anyone, Susie, how I'm tied to your apron strings...  Billy!  J.J.!  What's this about that boy?  What boy?  Where are we, lug, in a drawing room comedy? You're brain is warming up, sweetheart - yeah, Dallas!...  No, don't explain your point of view, but...
When I'm certain, I'll let you know...
Susie, I want to help you--, there's nothing I won't do for you. You're all I've got in the whole, wide world.
I'm taking up the situation with you now...
I started to say we're drifting apart.  A year ago, in your wildest dreams, would you have walked by that door without taking up this situation with me?  Today I had to call you in!
I haven't said anything yet, J.J., but if -
Let me finish, dear.  You had your say, now let me have mine...
I thought we were talking about Sidney?
You know, dear, we're drifting apart, you and I, and I don't like that.
I said Sidney!...
Who said Sidney?
Sidney is a liar!
Alan was not...unbalanced when I married him.  And he was not...'indifferent to women' no matter what they said! HUNSECKER  I'm not fighting with you, puss...
I wouldn't have called the boy exactly balanced...
Then whose fault was it, J.J.?  It was someone's fault, wasn't it?
But that wasn't your fault, dear, what happened to Leslie.  I've told you that a million times...
It's just as if I've seen a ghost today...
History repeats itself.  Everything that happened to Alan Leslie...began with a smear like this...
Why are you trembling, dear...?
No, I'm not.  I'm not!
Not being partial, are you?
Yes, he phoned.  I don't know this boy too well.  Anything in these charges?
Did Sidney tell you about it?
What a question, dear, with that newspaper in your hand...
Why?
Susie, you're very much in my thoughts today.
Why does everything you say sound like a threat?
We're friends, Harvey - we go as far back as when you were a fresh kid Congressman, don't we?
There is some allusion here that escapes me...
This man is not for you, Harvey, and you shouldn't be seen with him in public.  Because that's another part of a press agents life - he digs up scandal among prominent men and shovels it thin among the columnists who give him space.
Now, come, J.J., that's a little too harsh.  Anyone seems fair game for you tonight.
Now don't kid a kidder.
And I believe that's precisely where I read it, too.  You see, J.J., where I get my reputation for being the best-informed man in Washington.
Yes, the Justice, that's right. But I think you had it in the column.
Err...the Supreme Court story, I was telling you - Justice Black.
I remember ONCE when you didn't quite "put things together".  Boy! Was the Mayor mad!
Yeah, I got eyes.  I put things together.
Say, that's good - it's nice - in fact, it's APT, Harry!
I don't believe it.
Say hello to Sidney Falco.  Tickle him - he's been a bad boy tonight. He called you my fat friend.
She mighta jumped.  Love suicide?  Check it for me, Phil...it's a real heart throb.
Yeah.  At Bellevue.  Still hanging on.  But they still don't know if she was pushed.
Incidentally, what happened to that doll? - You gave me the item last night.  Still alive?
I just checked "downtown".  Quiet everywhere tonight.
Bonna sera, commendatore.  Come sta?
Hello, Harry.
Susie, there's nothing wrong with Dallas!  Your brother and I arranged it all. And if the Leslie boy is still a squooshy item in your life, forget it! - your brother arranged that one, too!  I don't usually give away presents; but this is my gift to you: Get out of here!  Leave this man!
You're incapable of the truth...
Listen with care - this will cost me everything, so you know I'm telling you the truth!
Talk to her yourself...
Talk to her, Sidney...
Is that why you were romancing her, you mutt!  Let's call it quits, my dear.  I'd like it fine if you found another home.  That means the front door is open!  Pack your things, rent a moving van and GIT!  And as for marriage, let me hit you with a few choice facts: you aren't ready for marriage!  You're incompetent - a capricious and shaky frail with a sick fatality for frail and useless men!
I was trying to build her up, not tear her down -
J.J., I swear to you on my mother's life, I won't do it.  If you gave me your COLUMN I wouldn't do a thing like that...
Sidney, I told you -
The man in jail is always for freedom.
J.J., it's one thing to wear your dog collar...but when it gets to be a noose...I'd rather have my freedom.
Why give her real proof?  You nearly ruined her with her first husband - and you were right, J.J., - but she almost followed him out the window.  What do you want - a chronic invalid?
She knows now.
Why do something that would drive them right back into each other's arms?  Not to mention that this time Susie would know who shot the arrow...
How does it matter who's sister? The main thing, they're through and -
Are you listening?
Sidney, I know human nature.  Susie lied to me - she'll see that boy again.
But not for anything I did today...
What are you so chipper about?  If I put a cross on every one of your mistakes, you'd look like a graveyard!
Wild?  Take a look at them and see who's wild...
Don't go wild, Sidney.
Let's forget cats and dogs and other pseudo-literary remarks--- I'll just lay it on the line!  What about that big rumpus in my office today?  You were there, Frank! Where, according to St. Dallas, J.J. was responsible for the Elwell smear!
Calculated risk.  Only we happen to know, J.J., that you like me.  I'm your star pupil -- I reflect back to you your own talent.
Full of beans, ain't you?  But you know that you'll stand or fall by what you're doing now...
A pocket fulla firecrackers - looking for a match!  It's a new wrinkle to tell the truth... I never thought I'd make a killing on some guy's "integrity".
What does that mean - integrity?
Integrity - acute, like indigestion.
What's this boy got that Susie likes?
Presumably yours...  That's according to St. Dallas.
And who's feet is she on now?
Sure, he steams her up - wants her to stand on her own two feet and all that jazz!
Well he's got her in a tizzy, I'll tell you that!
No, that's the point - he won't accept your favor!  The manager yes, but not the boy.
But it's too late.  I got him back the job...
I like that, too.  Look, J.J., we can wrap this up in one neat bundle, addressed to the dumps - to oblivion.  We're going great, but please play it my way. I cased this kid. Know his ins and outs...He's fulla juice and vinegar, just begging for some big shot like you to give him a squeeze.  Do little Sidney a favor: squeeze! - You know, J.J. - the porcupine bit - needles.
Can't hurt?  I had to get him back his job.
Can't hurt...
I think you loused this up but good. If I can trust my eyes, and I think I can, Susie knows all about your dirty work.
With a pocket fulla firecrackers - good.
I got that boy coming over here.  What's so funny?
Sure you can if you want to, and I know you'll want to...  By the way, what's your beef against little Sidney?
I'm not sure I can reach him in time.
No, I won't...
Susie, I like this new attitude of yours.  You're growing up and I like it!  I don't like it when you're limp and dependent, when you're odd and wayward.  This gives you a chance for real survival in a very lousy world.  Because, don't forget, dear, you won't always have me with you, will you...?
I read your column every day...
You're picking up my lingo, hon.
Yes.  With your "prestige" it only takes a minute - ten cents worth of American Tel and Tel.
He means that much to you...?
Get Steve back his job...please...
How?
J.J., you said you want to help me - prove it!
Well, what have I got?  Alimony to a pair of tramps?  They're of no concern to me.  It's you who count, but don't get me wrong - I don't intend to let you break your neck again!
Then maybe you can tell me if he's as solid as you say, why does he rap me every chance he gets?
I know Steve.  No.
You mean they've been fired already, on the basis of this crude smear?
J.J., I want you to get them back their job, Steve and the Quintet.
Tonight.  Before you go to bed. The cat is in the bag and the bag is in the river.
When?
Uh huh.
What you promised - do it!  Don't finagle around.  It's later than you think.
I'll do it, J.J. - don't get me wrong - in for a penny, in for a pound.  I'll see it through, but stop beating me around the head. Let me make a living!
Ha!  My right hand hasn't seen my left hand for thirty years!
Correct me if I'm wrong - WE! Because when I'm out on this very slippery limb for you, you have to know what's involved.
Not "we", Sidney, you!
No, lemme finish.  I DON'T LIKE THIS JOB!  That boy is dumb only on matinee days - otherwise he's got a head.  And Susan, like you said, she's growing up.  Two heads. What I mean, we got a slippery, dangerous problem here!
Are you finished?
Awright, that brings us up to five weeks ago. "Sidney, I got a nasty little problem here." Did I say no? I'm frank to admit - it don't jell as fast as we like... But all of a sudden I CAN'T GET YOU ON THE PHONE NO MORE!  WHY?... And why, as of this date, am I frozen out of the column...
I'll listen one more minute.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think so...
I don't?
Frankly, J.J., I don't think you got the cards to blitz me.
Why not break it up yourself?  You could do it in two minutes flat.
I'm a schoolboy - teach me, teach me.
You want something done, J.J., but I doubt if you yourself know what's involved.
You told me you'd break up that romance - when?
I like Harry, but I can't deny he sweats a little.
Spahish...that must show he likes "spigs", too.
The day that I can't get along without press agents' handouts, I'll close up shop, lock, stock and barrel and move to Alaska.
I didn't say that, J.J.
Yes, with your clients' names attached.  That's the only reason those poor slobs pay you - to see their names in my column all over the world!  Now, as I make it out, you're doing ME a favor!
You print them, don't you?
What, some cheap, gruesome gags?
You just had a good example of it. A press agent eats a columnists dirt and is expected to call it manna.
Why don't you answer the man, Sidalee?  He's trying to take you off the hook.
Not just this minute, J.J....
Match me, Sidney...
Everyone knows Manny Davis...  ...except MRS. Manny Davis.
I know Manny Davis.
I have a message from your sister.
Mac!  I don't want this man at my table...
No.  You're dead, son - get yourself buried!
Can I come in for a minute?
You had something to do for me - you didn't do it.
I have to talk to you, alone, J.J., that's why.
Can I come out?  No.
Yeah...  And another thing - he's gonna say you 'resisted arrest'...  You know J.J....!
I thought he would.
Go out with DIFFERENT girls!
Well, I'll be darned.  And what does J.J. think he SHOULD do?
He goes out with girls.
Is that a fact?  He's a dilly, ain't he?  By the by, what did he have against this boy?
...And he's got them on him.  I appreciate a thing like that - I appreciate where you are looking out for the virtue of the city.
- He's got them on him.
It's nice, Sidney, that you give me this tip...
He's leaving early.  After this "set".  He'll be out in a couple of minutes...
What's all the rush?  You said three o'clock.
I call him the boy with the ice cream face!
I know...I know you're the strongest cop in town.
Let's wait till Christmas - it's more legitimate then.
What's your favorite ribbon to go around your favorite chocolates?
No.  It's one of J.J.'s occasional beau gestes.  Evidently the fellow's funny, so he gave him a plug.
Who put this item in about the comic?  "If there's a more hilarious funny man around than Herbie Temple at the Palace, you'll have to pardon us for not catching the name.  We were too busy screaming." Does this Temple have a press agent?
And why should I bribe the woman who holds most of my heart?
Bribing me again?
Dallas?  Could be.  He doesn't look like a reefer smoker...
Could this be that boy?
Something about a Frank D'Angelo trying to reach you...
What about?
That's a question I usually like to ask YOU.  Your secretary phoned.
- that's what I mean!
Nothing I didn't think of you before.
What would you think of me if -
Next time I'll call in a guy to paint silver stars on the ceiling!
A girl needs a little romancing before she -
Listen, you need him for a favor, don't you!  And so do I!  I need his column--tonight.  Didn't you ask me to do something about your job?  Don't you have a kid in Military School?
This sort of thing!
What sort of thing?
Sidney...I...I don't do this sort of thing...
I beg your pardon!  I turn myself inside out to help you and now I'm a heavy.  Here's your shoe, there's your coat, that's the door!
Don't you think I have any feelings? What am I?  A bowl of fruit?  A tangerine that peels in a minute?
What kind of an act is this?
What do you want all of a sudden - Lady Godiva...?  Where's my other shoe?
So take five minutes!  Get acquainted!  He's an important man - he's lonely - don't be dumb!
And he's a perfect stranger to me.
Yeah!
Yeah.  Otis Elwell.  The columnist.
Don't you know who that man is?
One of those business meetings, honey - always coming up in the middle of the night.
Back?
Hello.
Rita, say hello to Otis Elwell.
Can you be there by two-thirty?
Do you still keep your key under the mat?
That's what I'm thinking, Rita. Maybe...
Do you think you could do something, Sidney?
But, Sidney darling, the man must be out of his mind - it was only eleven o'clock in the morning!
We're old friends, Chickie - quit it!  A big columnist comes in this room, without his ball-and-chain and you make like a delicatessen counter!  What did you think would happen in his house?
I don't know - it's a big apartment. But I wasn't interviewed.  In fact, I was totally unprepared for what happened.
And where was his wife?
In his apartment -
You were thrilled to be interviewed.  Were you "interviewed"?
...cigarette girls... And naturally -
He was writing a special Sunday piece on...?
Staring.  Consequently, when he approached me on his way out I wasn't surprised, but I didn't let on.
Avidly.  He was staring.
No.  That's what I mean - I'm being fired for what I didn't do.
Don't tell me you started a polka with Leo Bartha?
At the bar - Sidney...
Is Frank D'Angelo around?
Sidney, can I talk to you a minute?
You're sure.  Find out for me.
I don't think so.
I've been up to here.  Listen, honey, tell me something.  You know Susan Hunsecker...?  Has she been in?  I mean lately, in the last coupla days...?
Don't you ever get messages, Eyelashes?  I called you twice.
If you want me to -
Stay down town tonight.  Maybe we'll take in a show, etc.
Or what you see in me, for that matter...
That's no way to talk...
I swear, Sidney, I can't help it - sometimes I wonder what I see in you...
Don't judge a situation where you don't know what's involved...
I know you do, Sidney.
I put a lotta trust in you, Chickie...
Yes.
Did you send my folks in Philly the check...?
Nothing...
What's the matter?
And leave a tip in every hat-check room in town?
Take a top coat.
If that's for me, tear it up!
No.  You think I'm a hero.  I'm no hero.  I'm nice to people where it pays me to be.  I gotta do it too much on the outside, so don't expect me to kow-tow in my own office.  I'm in a bind right now with Hunsecker so --  Every dog has his day!  Lock up and leave the key.
I'm used to you...
You ought to be used to me by now.
Sid...you got me so...I don't know what...
So what'll you do if I feel nervous? You'll open your meaty, sympathetic arms...?
Sidney, please, dear, if you feel nervous...
You mean you don't want the extra free gift of a colorful giant map of the world???
Sidney, I know you by now.  Don't do a dance with me...
Yes, but as a new subscriber you're under no obligation to take more than three books.  And if you mail the enclosed card within ten days --
I hate to see you like this --
Go home, Sally.  It's late...
Help me with two minutes of silence!
I wish I could help in some way, Sidney.
It won't leave much of a balance in the bank...  Mr. Robard?  Could you locate him?
Pay the rent.  Let the tailor wait.
The renting agent and the tailor.
Who else phoned?
May I rent you out as an adding machine.
That makes five days in a row that Mr. Hunsecker's cut you out of his column.
But what?
But...
It isn't.  I've just seen the early edition.
No, an arm, he said.  I told him you were sure the item would be in Mr. Hunsecker's column in tomorrow's...
He wants me to break a leg?
That's the third time he's called today.
Why don't we hear what Susie has to say?
Give him credit---the boy's gall is gorgeous!
Don't you think it's about time you shut yours?  Who are you to tell a man like Frank D'Angelo to shut up?!
Frank, you don't listen!  J.J. just told you to shut your mouth!
Well, I'll tell you what - excuse me for breathing, will ya?  How do you like it?  He comes to my office and -
You're talking very fast.
According to you, yeah.  Dallas, your mouth is as big as a basket and twice as empty!  I don't like you, comma, but neither do I go along with this column saying you smoke marijuana and belong with the Reds.  Also, since we're talking repulsive, J.J. won't like this for two cents!  Don't give me that look, Dallas - J.J. believes in fair play.  And secondly, this could splatter his sister with rotten egg by implication - your her boyfriend!
It is a favor, isn't it?
Dallas, ask your own manager - he's standing here like a pained wolfhound - Hunsecker and Elwell are enemies to the knife.  So how do you get him doing J.J. a favor?
Only two men in this town could be responsible for that smear - you or Hunsecker or both.
That's your idea of logic?  I tell the Judge I didn't murder the man - the Judge says, "Why not you?"
Why not you?
Why me...?
Frank thinks I shouldn't have come here -
It's a habit with me.  So now I'm briefed.  So what?
Begging your pardon, I haven't been down the bowery in years!
I'm feeling too good to fight with you, but that isn't what I said - I said you snoop.  For instance, what were you doing around my hotel the other night?
Well, thanks, anyway - let's forget it.  It's cold out here, Susie.
Where's those glossy prints you promised?  Tonight's the latest I can place them -
You tell him, I stutter!
And it would cost a pretty penny, huh?
See me in my office.
Speak to this lad, Al, ... to Mr. Falco.
If there's a funnier man in the world than Herbie Temple at the Palace...uh...pardon us for not catching the name, we were too busy laughing.  No, make that 'screaming'.  It's sweet of you, J.J., thanks. Probably see you at Twenty One tonight.  No, for supper, late. Right. 'Bye...
Good!  We're all off to Utica, so excuse me, Mr. Frannis-on-the- Portisan.
No, I don't mind.  I'm busy too.
Cheers.  What time is it, Al?
- and I just had to drop by and tell you how great I thought you were.
Did you now?  On which bounce?
Temple, I caught your act the other night and -
You watch him, Al, I s...s...stutter!
Don't explain, Sidney... It doesn't matter now...
J.J., if you think -
Please, Sidney, I can't stand this -
Don't run away - I was always the man for you!  I'm talking to you out of two years of silence - listen to what I say!  Inside of six months -
...but you did it for greed, Sidney - and that's pathetic.
I didn't do anything!
I could almost forgive you if what you did to Steve came from jealousy and love...
I know that bit - you're a girl; you need a man to give you strength! So what do you pick such weak sisters for?  Don't you know yet that you fight fire with fire, not with tear drops?
I'm not a man, Sidney, I'm -
Yeah!  Like me!  I don't choke on my own gall - I fight back!  Let THEM choke, not me!
Like you?
Susie, whatever problems you have with J.J. - I didn't invent them! What're you blaming me for?  If you learned to let out your hatred you would be better off!
What ship?
And I'm sorry for you, too, Sidney. You're going down with the ship.
Come on now, chickie, why don't you go to bed...?
I'm sorry about Steve, not myself. I'm even sorry for my brother.  To be so lonely, without one real friend in the world - to have to hang on to a worthless rag of a girl like me because she's his only real family -
Listen, get a good night's sleep - tomorrow's another day.  Feeling sorry for yourself won't help.
But I don't need an uncle, Sidney.
It's not my nature, Susie, but I'll talk to you like an uncle...
Why should he put on an act?  Your brother has told PRESIDENTS where to go and what to do!
I hope that J.J. really likes Steve, that it isn't an act.
Chickie, I'll have to laugh at that - an attractive girl like you...!
It's given me a big lift to know that some people want me for myself, not just because I'm my brother's sister.
Frankly, yes, to my surprise.  He thinks he's very gifted - those boys'll go a big mile, he thinks.
Do you think J.J. likes Steve...?
Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
Where do you come off to make a remark like that?
Well, for one thing, he thinks J.J. is some kind of monster.
Yes, but why?
We stick in each others craw.
Not to me.  Sometimes, the world feels like a cage.  Then someone comes along and opens the door...and it's never Monday night again...  I wish you and Steve could like each other.
Feels like a Monday night, don't it...?
I wasn't looking for a brawl.  I came to bring him a present.  Wanna bite to eat?
You're touchy, Sidney - don't be so touchy...
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel!  Drop dead!
He's intuitive - he knows he's getting fired!
No more you don't!  What is this - You're showing off for her?  They're supposed to hear you in Korea?
That was two months ago.  Take your hand out of my pocket, thief!
Listen, when your band was playing at Roseland -
Joan, call a cop!  We'll arrest this kid for larceny!
Jimmy, I'm on my way inside right now to talk to Hunsecker.  I can promise you -
What do you do for that hundred a week.  Fall out of bed?
I tried to reach you twice -
Yeah.  A coincidence you should run into the very man you've been ducking all week!  This is my press agent, Joan.
Jimmy!  This is a coincidence.  I am just going -
You are saying goodbye, aren't you...?
Not what you're doing now.  At least don't ask me - don't ask him. You're fighting for your life! What do YOU want to do?
Steve, I feel exhausted...what do you want me to do?
I told your brother I couldn't be his accomplice.  I can't be yours either, Susie, and encourage him to go on pulverizing you.  I know what type - he's my old man all over again!
But, please, Steve, please - one step at a time!  I was born only yesterday!...
No!  I'm saying that for your sake you have to make a clean break with your brother!
But I don't care about that now. He knew what he was doing today. He was laying down the conditions under which he MIGHT consent to our marriage - if I would bend to every whim of his, like Sidney!  I couldn't do that, Susie...
Steve, I...
Susie, I was there for OUR sake, too.  But what a world it would be if we were all afraid to learn to walk and talk because it might offend poppa!  By the way, I think your brother was completely responsible for the smears...
I just didn't think that I could antagonize him, Steve -- for OUR sake, I mean.
But you didn't do much about it, Susie.  You walked out, and there I was...solo...and not too good at that.
No one's ever stood up to my brother the way you did.
Well, maybe I was wrong, too... But there's no doubt, Susie, that we have to face some serious things...
Steve...what you tried to do today...you tried to take me up on a high mountain...I couldn't go all the way...I failed you...  Will you forgive me?  Have I lost you, Steve?  Have I...?
Would you buy me a cup of coffee? In there...
Why did you call me?
Hello, Steve.  I'm glad you could come.
Steve, stop it please...
I get the feeling, Falco, that you're always snooping around...
No, you had me eating that Chinese food!...
I made you write a beautiful song...
And on Tuesday - Hasenpfeffer. STEVE  How do you think I realized I love you?
And on Monday, I'll take it off and stroke your light brown hair and -
If the stores are open -
I have a message for you; I love you.  May I dedicate the next number to you?...And the next, and the next. Every Sunday I'll buy you a new bonnet -
Steve, dear, please forget all of this.  What can it matter after tomorrow?
But he could be reporting back to your brother, couldn't he?
Darling, I don't care - really I don't.  Sidney'd had a secret crush on me for years, but nothing we do is his business -
His stooge, Falco, is around - I saw him walk in.  He's been spying on me for weeks, Susie.
But he isn't going to like this, Susie.  And he makes you nervous, not me.  No, I take that back - he makes me nervous, too.  But I wouldn't give him a second thought if not for you.
Steve, my brother isn't as bad as he's painted.  He isn't perfect, but -
I'm telling him in the morning after breakfast.
You haven't told him yet...
Steve, I'd rather you didn't say anything for a day or two...until I tell my brother...
This is big, you know.  Very big! Let's go out later, drink some firewater.  With the boys.  Fred can call Millie and -
That's right!  There's no way I'm going to finish the new processor now.  Forget it.  I'm out of it.  I'm quitting Cyberdyne tomorrow... I'll sell real estate, I don't care,,,
But I thought... aren't we changing things?  I mean... right now?  Changing the way it goes?
Why did you marry me, Miles?  Why did we have these two children?  You don't need us.  Your heart and your mind are in here.  But it doesn't love you like we do.
Imagine a jetline with a pilot that never makes a mistake, never gets tired, never shows up to work with a hangover.  Meet the pilot.
I'm sorry, honey, it's just that I'm thiiis close.
I know.  You told me.  It's a neural-net processor.  It thinks and learns like we do. It's superconducting at room temperature. Other computer are pocket calculators by comparison.  But why is that so goddamn important, Miles? I really need to know, 'cause I feel like I'm going crazy here, sometimes.
Baby, this thing is going to blow 'em all away. It's a neural-net process --
Oh.  I can't, honey.  I'm on a roll here.
Miles, it's Sunday.  You promised to take the kids to Raging Waters today.
I can't
You need a break.  You'll see it clear when you come back.
... but the output went to shit after three seconds.  I'm thinking now it's the way I'm matrixing the command hierarchies...
I'm sorry, baby.  This thing is just kicking my ass.  I thought we had it with this one...
You going to work all day?
NO!! We're going all the way!  You got that, Dyson?
We should abort.
I was scary stuff, radically advanced.  It was shattered... didn't work.  But it gave us ideas, It took us in new directions... things we would never have thought of.  All this work is based on it.
Those lying motherfuckers!
They told us not to ask where they got it.  I thought... Japan... hell, I don't know.  I didn't want to know.
They have it in a vault at Cyberdyne...  It's gotta be from the other one like you.
What chip?
Do you know about the chip?
Shut up!  SHUT UP!!  Motherfucker!  It's all your fault!  IT'S YOUR FAULT!!
Please... let... the kids... go...
Let me try mine.
No good.
Alright, yeah.  You're right.  We have to destroy the stuff at the lab, the files, disk drive... and everything I have here.  Everything! I don't care.
No one must follow your work.
Look, whatever you want me to do, I'll do.  I just want my kids to have a chance to grow up, okay?
Now listen to me very carefully.
My God.
In the bathroom.  Danny, can you get them for us?
Do you have bandages?
I order you not to!
It must end here... or I am the future.
Don't do it.  Please... don't go --
I have to go away, John.
No, no no!!  It'll be okay.  Stay with us!
I'm sorry, John.
No!
Yes.  Throw it in.
Will it melt in there?
Terminated.
Is it dead?
What?
We don't have much time.
Where you going?!
Drive for a minute.
Trust me.
Remember what I said, you can't...
I'll deal with the police.
I don't care!! There's gotta be another way. Haven't you learned anything?!  Haven't you figured out why you can't kill people?
Killing Dyson might actually prevent the war.
I don't care.  We've gotta stop her.
The T-1000 has the same files that I do.  It could anticipate this move and reacquire you at Dyson's house.
Drive faster.
This is tactically dangerous.
Yeah, gotta be!  Miles Dyson!  She's gonna blow him away!
Dyson.
I guess, yeah --  Oh shit!!
She intends to change the future somehow.
"No fate."  No fate but what we make.  My father told her this... I mean I made him memorize it, up in the future, as a message to her -- Never mind.  Okay, the whole thing goes "The future is not set.  There is no fate but what we make for ourselves."
No problemo.
Alriight!!  My man!
No.
Uh-unh, no, it's different... It's when there's nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway.  You get it?
Pain causes it?
You mean people?  I don't know.  We just cry. You know.  When it hurts.
Why do you cry?
Yeah.  I guess so.  My mom says when I'm, like, 45, I think, I send him back through time to 1984.  But right now he hasn't even been born yet.  Man, is messes with your head.  Where's that other bolt?  Thanks.  Mom and him were only together for one night, but she still loves him, I guess.  I see her crying sometimes.  She denies it totally, of course.  Like she says she got something in her eye.
You will.
Here.  I wish I coulda met my real dad.
Torque wrench please.
No.  I have to stay functional until my mission is complete.  Then it doesn't matter.
You don't feel any emotion about it one way or the other?
No.
Not even of dying?
Yeah, I thought you'd like this place.
Excellent.
It is in your nature to destroy yourselves.
We're not gonna make it, are we?  People, I mean.
Yeah.  Smile.  You know.  People smile, right? Watch.
Smile?
And that's another thing.  You could lighten up a bit, yourself.  This severe routine is getting old.  Smile once in a while.
No problemo.
That's great!  See, you're getting it.
Chill out, dickwad.
Yeah, or "later, dickwad."  Or if someone gets upset you say "chill out."  Like that.  Or you can do combinations.
"Hasta la vista, baby"?
It someone comes off to you with an attitude, you say "eat me"... if you wanna shine them on, it's "Hasta la vista, baby".
No, no, no.  You gotta listen to the way people talk.  See, you don't say like "Affirmative" or some shit like that.  You say... no problemo.
Affirmative.
A hundred and twenty years on my existing power cell.
How long do you live?  I mean, last?
I sense injuries.  The data could be called pain.
Does it hurt?
Cool.
Everything.
Just say "I swear I won't kill anyone."
What?
Swear.
Right.
Now remember, you're not gonna kill anyone, right?
You just can't, okay?  Trust me on this.
Why?
Whattaya mean, why?  'Cause you can't!
Why?
Listen to me, very carefully, okay?  You're not a terminator any more.  Alright?  You got that? You can't just go around killing people!
Of course.  I'm a terminator.
Jesus... you were gonna kill that guy!
Prove it... stand on one foot.
That is one of my mission parameters.
You have to do what I say?!
You told me to.
Oww!  Why'd you do that?
Yeah, well fuck you, she's a priority to me!
Negative.  She is not a mission priority.
TERMINATED!?  Shit!  Why didn't you tell me? We gotta right now!
Typically, the subject being copied is terminated.
Oh, great.  And what happens to her?
Negative.  The T-1000's highest probability for success now would be to copy Sarah Connor and wait for you to make contact with her.
We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua... places like that.  For a while she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy, running guns.  Then there were some other guys.  She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from.  So then she could teach me how to be this great military leader.  Then she gets busted and it's like... sorry kid, your mom's a psycho.  Didn't you know?  It's like... everything I'd been brought up to believe was just made-up fantasy, right? I hated her for that.  But everything she said was true.  We gotta get her out of there.
It can't form complex machines.  Guns and explosives have chemicals, moving parts.  It doesn't work that way.  But it can form solid metal shapes.
Well, why doesn't become a bomb or something to get me?
No.  Only an object of equal size.
Like it could disguise itself as anything... a pack of cigarettes?
Anything it samples by physical contact.
I need a minute here, okay?  You're telling me it can imitate anything it touches?
Max.
I'm right here.  I'm fine.  What's the dog's name?
I would.
You sure?
Negative.  The T-1000 will definitely try to reacquire you there.
Can I stop by my house?
We have to leave the city, immediately.  And avoid the authorities.
Where we going?
You are targeted for termination.  The T-1000 will not stop until it complete its mission. Ever.
Radical.
Liquid metal.
What does that mean?
Not like me.  A T-1000.  Advanced prototype. A mimetic polyalloy.
So this other guy?  He's a terminator too, right, like you?
You did.  Thirty years from now you reprogrammed me to be your protector here, in this time.
Yeah?  Who sent you?
My mission is to protect you.
This in intense.  Get a grip, John.  Okay, uh... you're not here to kill me... I figured that part out for myself.  So what's the deal?
I'm a cybernetic organism.  Living tissue over a metal endoskeleton.
Holy shit... you're really real!  I mean... whoah!  You're, uh... like a machine underneath, right... but sort of alive outside?
No way!
Yes.  Cyberdyne Systems, Model 101.
Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right?
Yeah, she's a total loser.  C'mon, let's check out the 7-Eleven, whatya say?
No shit?
Actually, no, she's a complete psycho.  That's why she's up at Pescedero.  She tries to blow up a computer factory, but she got shot and arrested.
So she's pretty cool, huh?
Where'd you learn all this stuff?
Easy money!
Gimme that Phillips right there.
Your foster parents are kinda dicks, right?
SHOOT!!!!
John, get out of the way!!
Ready.
Ready to rock?
Go!  I'll finish here.
I got it.  Piece of cake.
Mom, Mom, we need to be more constructive here. I don't see this as a gender-related issue.  She's still tense.  We still have to figure out how to stop it all from happening.  Right?
Yeah.  Right.  How were you supposed to know? Fucking men... all you know how to do is thrust into the world with your... fucking ideas and your weapons.  Did you know that every gun in the world is named after a man?  Colt, Browning, Smith, Thompson, Kalashnikov... all men.  Men built the hydrogen bomb, not women... men like you thought it up.  You're so creative.  You don't know what it's like to really create something... to create a life.  To feel it growing inside you.  All you know how to create is death... you fucking bastards.
I know, Mom.  I know.
I love you, John.  I always have.
It's okay.  It'll by okay.  We'll figure it out.
Uh huh.
I couldn't... oh, God.  You... came here... to stop me?
Mom?  You okay?
I need to know how Skynet get built.  Who's responsible?
Yeah.  Drag, huh?
Look, Mom, if I'm supposed to ever be this great leader, you should start listening to my leadership ideas once in a while.  'Cause if you won't, nobody else will.
I don't trust it!  These things are hard to kill, John, believe me, I know.  We may never have this opportunity again.
But it's the only proof we have to the future... about the war and all that.
We're better off by ourselves.
Alright, it!  We need it!
It, John.  Not him.  It.
No!  Don't kill him!
Out of the way, John!
There's not much time left in the world, Sarah.
Kyle, don't go!
Remember the message... the future is not set. There is not fate but what we make for ourselves.
I know, but I'm not as strong as I'm supposed to be.  I can't do it.  I'm screwing up the mission.
Don't quit, Sarah.  Our son need you.
I know!
It's John who's the target now.  You have to protect him.  He's wide open.
They took him from me.
Oh, God... Kyle.  I need you so much.
I love you.  I always will.
Oh.  Yeah.  They... make me take this stuff...
I know.  This is a dream, Sarah.
Open the goddamn door!
You're already dead, Silberman.  Everybody here dies.  You know I believe that.  So don't fuck with me!
There's 215 bones in the human body, motherfucker. That's one.  Now don't move!
You broke my arm!
You see, Sarah... here's the problem.  I know how smart you are, and I think you're just telling me what I want to hear.  I don't think you really believe who you've been telling me today.
So what do you think, Doctor?  I've shown a lot of improvement, haven't I?
I see.  So you don't believe anymore that the company covered it up?
If I had, there would have been some evidence. They would have found something at the factory.
But you've told me on many occasions about how you crushed one in a hydraulic press.
I see.  Let's go back to what you were saying about these terminator machines.  Now you think they don't exist?
You said I could be transferred to the minimum security wing and have visitors if I showed improvement in six months.  Well, it's been six months, and I was looking forward to seeing my son.
And what it that?
It has helped me a lot to have a goal, something to look forward to.
Yes.
Are you afraid?
No.  There is another chip.
It's finally over.
Take your kids.  Go to a hotel.  Right now. Don't pack.  Let's go.
Is it safe for them here?
Can you get us in there, past security?
I must be destroyed.
Son of a bitch, I knew it!
The CPU from the first terminator.
I want to know everything.  What he looks like. Where he lives.  Everything.
I have detailed files.
Jesus.  How much do you know about Dyson?
Because Skynet knows the Russian counter-strike will remove its enemies here.
Why attack Russia?
Yes.  It launches its ICBMs against their targets in Russia.
And Skynet fights back.
Basically.  The Skynet funding bill is passed.  The system goes on-line August 4th, 1997.  Human decisions are removed from strategic defense.  Skynet begins to learn, at a geometric rate.  It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time, August 29. In a panic, they try to pull the plug.
Uh huh, great.  Then those fat fucks in Washington figure, what the hell, let a computer run the whole show, right?
In three years Cyberdyne will become the largest supplier of military computer systems.  All stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne computers, becoming fully unmanned,  Afterward, the fly with a perfect operational record.
Then what?
In a few months he creates a revolutionary type of mircoprocessor.
Why him?
The man most directly responsible is Miles Bennet Dyson, Director of Special Projects at Cyberdyne Systems Corporation.
No.
Doesn't want you thinking too much, huh?
My CPU is a neural-net processor... a learning computer.  But Skynet presets the switch to "read-only" when we are sent out alone.
Correct.
I'll bet. Makes you a more efficient killer, right?
So do you.
You look like handmade shit.
Unknown.
Can it be destroyed?
Ballistic penetration shocks it, but only for a few seconds.
This T-1000... what happens when you shoot it?
You think you're alive and safe, but you're already dead.  Everybody, you, him...  everybody... you're all fucking dead!
Relax now, Sarah --
On August 29th 1997 it's going to feel pretty fucking real to you, too!  Anybody not wearing number two million sunblock in gonna have a real bad day, get it?
I'm sure it feels very real to you --
It's not just a dream.  It's real, you moron! I know the date is happens!!
Please continue...
... it's... like a giant strobe light, burning right through my eyes... but somehow I can still see.  Look, you know the dream's the same every night, why do I have to --
Our duty is to help Furtwngler with his defence,  That's why I want you to look at this...  These are part of the transcripts of the trial at Nuremberg. We can't get them translated fast enough. But I guess you understand German, right?
Major Arnold believes he has a moral duty, too.
You represent the United States now. We have a moral duty to be just and we have to be seen to be just.
I don't know.
On Furtwngler.
On all what?
Where do you stand on all this?
And this, only one of these letters, Major. I have lots of them.
'Please remember that Dr. Furtwngler risked his life to help anyone who asked him. I personally testify to having seen literally hundreds of people lined up outside his dressing room after concerts to ask for his help. He never turned anyone away. After he heard me play... I am a violinist... he gave me money because I was unable to feed myself or my family and then he helped me to escape to Sweden. He helped countless people in similar ways.'
I don't know. But you and I already know that he has saved lives.
When he met Hitler at his birthday and shook hands with him, was he pleased?
When he made his decision, he couldn't have known everything. Especially not the way people like you do, who've returned from exile and feel that you have a right to pass judgement. Because you are blameless, you think you know best who is a sinner and who deserves forgiveness. But you have no idea how people lived here.
Yesterday I read that Furtwngler was asked to lead the New York Philharmonic back in '36, Toscanini suggested it. Had he accepted, he would have become the most celebrated conductor in America.
But I promised your mother.
Don't see me to my door, there's no need.
I don't know.
What does he mean, too correct?
Right. So, this is going to be very formal, too, now. Lieutenant David Wills requests die pleasure of die company of Fraulein Emmi Straube at dinner any night she cares.
And talking is talking! Well, I think we better get on.
Eating is eating... and...
And no elbows on the table!
Respect your elders and your betters!
Oh! And don't wave your hands about!
That's right. I was raised very strictly. So don't speak before you are spoken to!
That's because you had a proper upbringing.
What is it with you, David? Where are your feelings? Where's your hatred, your disgust? Where's your fucking outrage, David?
Major, show me someone who hasn't made an anti-Semitic remark and I'll show you the gates of paradise.
A human being, oh, good, I'm relieved, I thought you were going to say you were a music lover. This man, this great artist has made anti-Semitic remarks like you wouldn't believe. I got letters.
Yes, I'm a Jew. But I like to think first I'm a human being.
David, I don't understand a thing about you. You're a Jew. Are you a Jew?
Major, he may just be the greatest conductor of this century and that merits respect.
With more what? More what?
When you question him again, could you treat him with more respect?
Yeah.
Can I ask you a favour, Major?
My manner? Why don't you go downstairs, get a cup of coffee and calm down? What's the matter, Emmi? What's going on with you? What's wrong?
Your manner.
What?
But it still doesn't make them saints. They still have to get up and piss in the middle of the night, don't they? They can still be vindictive and envious and mean just like you and me. Well, just like me. Can't they?
Major, that's not a good argument. If Dr. Furtwngler did indeed enjoy all these... these privileges, he enjoyed them because of who he is and what he is. That's true of any leading artist in any country in the world.
Not so, Counsellor. That secretary of yours, she wasn't just your secretary, she procured women for you, didn't she? As many and as often as you wanted.
and totally irrelevant.
You bet.
Major, this is deeply offensive and repugnant!
Isn't it true that before every concert you got a woman in your dressing room and gave her the old conductor's baton, isn't that true?
David, what are you Counsel for the Defence now?  Did you hear the question?
Major, I don't see how this line of questioning could...
You see, Wilhelm, I'm talking about ordinary, everyday reasons. Which is why I want to discuss your private life.  How many illegitimate children do you have?
Why not show Dr. Furtwngler the evidence. It may refresh his memory?
Yes, David?
Yes. What was the orchestra's reaction when they asked you to play for Hitler's birthday?
You have a question for Helmuth, David?
It's a bet. You're the witness, Emmi.
Five minutes.
Okay, better question the next witness. I bet you a bottle of French champagne he tells us the baton story inside ten minutes.
That's big of him.
Major Richards said he'd call to let us know.
Jeez. And you think the British'll share it with their Allies?
I don't know, but the British are excited about it, I know that. The rumour is Hinkel kept a file on every artist working in the Third Reich.
What's that mean?
The British occupy the building where this guy, Hinkel, ran the Nazi Ministry of Culture and it seems they've... they've discovered his secret archive.
So what is it?
Yes.
David, need to ask you something. You heard this rumour the British found something called the Hinkel Archive?
They're trying to sort out some of the works of art the Nazis stole from occupied territories. Who really owns what? That's Colonel Dymshitz, on the far side.
What the hell are they doing?
'Dim-shits'?
Colonel Dymshitz asked specially to see you.
So, what does the Russki want?
I guess it's possible.
You think a whole orchestra, what, a hundred and forty or so guys, could be orchestrated?
Don't. This is like a criminal investigation, David. Musicians, morticians, doctors, lawyers, butchers, clerks. They're all the same.
Some.
I guess you admire musicians.
was born here, in Leipzig. I escaped in '36. My parents, they sent me to my uncle in Philadelphia. They were to follow. But they delayed and...
Where you from, David?
You call me sir again and I'll make you listen to Beethoven.
I guess so, sir.
Sounds a lot of run.  So they sent the big guns to check up on me. We recruiting children now?
David. David Wills. I'm your liaison officer with the Allied Kommandatura Cultural Affairs Committee. Sir.
I'm Steve. What's your name?
I'm very sorry.
For Chrissakes I hate that shit, cut it out.
Lieutenant Wills reporting to Major Arnold. Sir.
Then you're going to kill me.
I'm gonna get that fucking bandleader, Colonel. No deal. No fucking deal.
Duty? I am sorry, duty? Duty fucking duty. Trouble is, you Americans want everybody to live like you. We liberated Berlin, Major Steve, not you. Our duty also is to bring back the best of German culture.
I have a duty.
Let Furtwngler go. Please.
No can do.
I'm sorry. Museum? Not... I said orchestra. Sorry. Believe me.  Help me, Steve. You say you answer for someone from high up. I, too, have orders from high up. Very high up. We want Furtwngler. I'll give you in return the whole orchestra, four, five conductors. I need him, Steve.
What museum?
And suddenly, Steve, suddenly you notice that they like you. They honour you, suddenly you are the director of the best museum in the world, for example.
There are good Party members who help, and there are dirty non-Party members who inform on you. Of course, they gave him privileges.
This is what I'm saying. He must have had Party contacts.
In a dictatorship, art belongs to the Party. If you want to be a conductor, you have to have an orchestra. And you can only get an orchestra if you have contact with the power. All over the world you need the right contacts and you have to make the right compromises.
Yeah, yeah, art and politics, yeah, yeah, I heard all about that.
Don't talk about things you know nothing about. He was in a dictatorship!
But what... before that turns rotten...  What if they surround the space with barbed wire, Colonel?
Anyway, Major, why should he leave his country, his mother tongue, his family, his history, his past, his future, just because now, suddenly, there is a dictatorship? Why?
Colonel. He had no sisters, no brothers, only a lot of love affairs.
That's why he didn't get the hell out of here when he had the chance! I put that to him, he couldn't answer. Why didn't he go and direct in America, like that Italian, Toscanini.
A great artist will have great privileges in a Russian zone.
We're dealing with degenerates here.
Furtwngler's in a different category.
I was in Vienna. I had with me an Austrian chauffeur, Max his name was, he spent time in the camps. We were looking at these Viennese cleaning up the bomb damage, scavenging for rotting food, butt ends, anything. I said, 'To think a million of these people came out to welcome Adolf on the day he entered the city, a million of 'em, and now look at 'em.'  And Max said, 'Oh, not these people, Major. These people were all at home hiding Jews in their attics.' You get the point, Colonel? The point is they're all full of shit.
I've had two meetings with him. He's a great musician. Maybe the greatest conductor in the world. His Brahms, Beethoven, Schubert - unequalled.
Not yet.
So, Major, tell me, have you questioned Dr. Furtwngler?
Colonel. Pleasure.
Hello, Major, my name is Dymshitz. I'm glad to see you.
I would like to go now, please.
If he had no idea, why did the Jews need saving? This is the question, Emmi, to all Germans: Why did the Jews need saving in this country? Why, if people had no idea?
But he had no idea, a lot of people had no idea. I only realised what was really going on when I got arrested.
Emmi, stop! I want to show you something. Let me show you something and then if you want to leave, you can leave, please please. His friends, they did this. And he gave them birthday concerts.
I have been questioned by the Gestapo just like that. Just like you questioned him.
What's not right?
I can't do this. It's not right.
What is this, Emmi?
I'm sorry but I have to leave. I'll find other work. You'll have to get someone else, that's all.
Put it on ready to play, and I'll tell you when to play it.
Of course.
Do you know where the Adagio begins?
Bruckner's Seventh, Major.
Shut the door, Emmi. Sit down, Emmi. We're going to keep him waiting, too.
Major, Major... he's here ...
Come in, Emmi, this is your office, too. Emmi, this is Lieutenant David Wills.
I'm sorry.
You tell him nothing, Emmi. If he calls again, you say you know nothing. We're gonna keep him waiting while I get acquainted with his case and with the witnesses. And, God help me, with Beethoven.
The names of the members of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra since 1934 together with their questionnaires.  Major, what am I to tell Dr. Furtwngler?
What's in those files?
No. Ours was damaged.
I'm kidding, Emmi. What about a record player? You have that, too?
But... he only wrote nine, Major.
Mine's the Eleventh.
Oh yes, Major, I have recordings of all his symphonies. I kept them safe during the bombing. My favourite is the Seventh Symphony.
Think you can get me any of that?
There have been messages for you.  A Lieutenant David Wills called from the Allied Kommandatura Cultural Affairs office in Wiesbaden. I don't know who he is.
Steve.
And your father was executed.
Yes. She suffered longer. She was in Ravensbruck.
Your mother, too.
My father was one of the officers in the plot against Hitler. They arrested the plotters and their families.
Says here because of your father. What's that mean?
Three months.
Okay, let's see. How long were you in the camp for?
Yes.
You do shorthand and typing?
Yes.
You live here, in Berlin?
Look around you. See the country you served. Look at people who had real courage, who took risks, who risked their lives. Like Emmi's father.
I love my country, I believe in music, what was I to do?
Have you ever smelled burning flesh? I smelt it four miles away. Four miles away, I smelt it. Have you ever seen the gas chambers, the crematoria? Have you seen the mounds of rotting corpses? You talk to me about culture, art and music? You putting that in the scales, Wilhelm? You setting culture, art and music against the millions put to death by your pals? They had orchestras in the camps. They played Beethoven, Wagner. The hangmen were playing chamber music at home with their families. I don't understand the Germans' relationship with music. What do you need music for? Your pals you could call to save a few Jews when millions of them were being annihilated? Yes, I blame you for not getting hanged, I blame you for your cowardice. You strutted and swaggered, you fucking piece of shit, king-pin in a shithouse. You talk to me about walking a tightrope between exile and the gallows, and I say to you, lies!
I'll tell you, then. The last time this music was played on these air waves was after they announced that your pal Hitler had shot himself. Listen to it.  They listen. Did they pick little K's recording? Did they pick some other conductor? No, they picked you, and why? Because you represented them so beautifully. When the Devil died, they wanted his bandleader to conduct the funeral march. You were everything to them.
How can I know such a thing?
Who's conducting?
Bruckner's Seventh. The Adagio.
Okay, so what is it?
Of course I know what that is.
Do you know what that is?
Speaking to Party members I used their language, of course I did, everyone did.
I believe that. But just answer the question, don't give me explanations.
Those attitudes do not exist in me.
Everybody says what a great benefactor you were to the Jews. But--  I have things here you said and wrote. Listen to this: 'The Jew composer Schonberg is admired by the Jewish International.' And what about this: 'Jewish musicians lack a genuine affinity with our music.' 'Jewish musicians are good businessmen with few scruples, lacking roots.' You deny you said these things?
No, that's your problem, Wilhelm. You understand nothing. We'll call you. Go!
I don't understand what you mean.
Okay, Wilhelm, go home now. Go home and think about these past twelve years.
But you see what I'm getting at? You get a gorgeous house, you're highly paid. What are you gonna do, stay or leave? One voice comes back at me: stay!
I absolutely refused the house and the bomb shelter.
No, I'm not going to stop it. Hitler himself offered you a beautiful house and a personal bomb shelter.
Stop this, please, stop this now!
You like the women, don't you, Wilhelm?
I said I have illegitimate children. I don't know how many.
What?
I have illegitimate children.
Of course there was a conspiracy against me, a campaign - even abroad.
Well, I'm just beginning to develop my theme. Isn't that what you call it in classical music, developing your theme? Okay, so they played on your insecurity. That's human, understandable. But, there is one guy who doesn't like little K as much as he likes you - yeah, the number one man your old pal, Adolf. He thinks you're the greatest, and when he says, I want Wilhelm for my birthday, boy, they better go out get Wilhelm. So, Josef calls and threatens you with little K. And you said to hell with the Ninth in Vienna, I'll give it to Adolf as a birthday present in Berlin. That's the trick they played, they got you by the balls and they squeezed. Hard. Why did you stay? Why did you play for them? Why were you the flag-carrier for their regime?  Jealousy?
This is absolute nonsense!
Come on, admit it. K worried you, didn't he? He always worried you. In 1942, he's thirty-four years old, you're already fifty-six. And Goebbels and Goering keep saying to you, 'If you don't do it, little K will.' Never mind art and politics and symbols and airy-fairy bullshit about liberty, humanity and justice because I don't care how great you are. It's the oldest story in the book,  The ageing Romeo jealous of the young buck. The real reason you didn't leave the country when you knew you should have was that you were frightened that, once you were out of the way, you'd be supplanted by the Miracle Kid, the Party's boy twice over, flashy, talented little K.
Yes, that's what happened.
I'll tell you why. You remember we talked about you playing for Hitler's birthday?  And you told me that Goebbels got to your doctors first, that you were tricked?
Please stop playing these games with me. Why you should bring up the name of another conductor is beyond my understanding.
Now, that young conductor what's his name?  That miracle kid, you know who I mean. Von Karajan! But you called him something else. C'mon. What did you call von Karajan?
I'm sorry.
You've really no idea? I'll tell you what happened. He died in Stalingrad.
I have no idea.
And what happened to Von der Nul?
He said, 'Don't mind him. His job is to criticise, your job is to conduct.'
And what did he say?
Well. Once he said he'd read what this man wrote about me.
You sure you didn't call one of your close buddies and say, God in heaven, did you see what that guy von der Null wrote about me? The greatest conductor on earth. I want him out the way. He had the nerve to accuse me I am not playing enough modern music. Send him to Stalingrad. Isn't that what you did? You don't like criticism, do you, Wilhelm?  You surely didn't like them saying there was another conductor who was better than you... Are you saying the name von der Null was never mentioned in your talks with Goebbels?
That's an outrageous lie!
Isn't it true that because he gave you bad reviews and praised this young guy, Von Karajan, called him a goddamn miracle, said he was a better conductor than you, then you had von der Null conscripted into the army and no one's heard from him since?
Yes, I know who he is.
How long's this going to go on, Wilhelm? I say von der Null, you say von der Null, I say von der Null, you say von der Null, we could go on all day. You know who von der Null is, don't you? Edwin von der Nuell, music critic.
Von der Null?
Yes, von der Null.
Von der Null?
Tell me about von der Null.
No, because I had only one intention. My only intention whatever I did was to show that music means more than politics.
No!
have no idea what ordinary people thought.
You know something? You should've written our insurance policies for us because you got more exclusion clauses than Double Indemnity. What do you imagine people thought? The Berlin Philharmonic's taken over by Doctor Goebbels and his Propaganda Ministry but Wilhelm is a freelance, so art and politics are now entirely separate? Is that what you believed ordinary people thought?
We never, never officially represented the regime when we played abroad. We always performed as a private ensemble. As I think I already told you, I was a freelance conductor.
Art and politics, yeah, art and politics. Let's look at that. You and the Berlin Philharmonic toured the Third Reich, played in countries the Nazis had conquered. Are you saying that conducting in occupied territories from 1939 on wasn't a commercial for Adolf and all he stood for?
Then you are wrong.
Well, I tried, you got to admit I tried. I thought I might just trap you there, Wilhelm, but David here was too quick for me. Smart move, David, smart move. No, I don't have the telegram, but I know it exists. And I want you to know, Wilhelm, we're going to keep looking for it because I believe you sent it.
You won't find it because no such telegram exists.
I don't have to think carefully. This is utterly ridiculous.
Think carefully, Wilhelm... maybe not in your own name, but as Privy Councillor or Vice-President.
I never sent him any birthday greetings or any other kind of greetings.
The birthday greetings you sent to your old pal, Adolf Hider.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
'Happy birthday, dear Adolf, love Wilhelm.' Or words to that effect. That sounds to me like you were dropping on your knees and saying, 'Okay, Adolf, you win. You're the number one man. Have a swell party.'
What telegram?
And when did you first learn that - when you sent the telegram? Was that the surrender signal, the waving of the white flag?
I believe art and politics should be separate, but that they weren't kept separate I learned to my cost.
Gee, that's a thing of beauty, honest to God, a real thing of beauty. I'm going to try to remember that. Liberty, humanity and justice. Beautiful. But you used the word 'naive'. Are you now saying you think you were wrong? That art and politics can't be separated?
Maintain liberty, humanity and justice.
And what was that?
When I last saw you, I was unprepared. I did not know what to expect. In these past weeks, I have been thinking more carefully and making some notes.  You have to understand who I am and what I am. I am a musician and I believe in music. I am an artist and I believe in art. Art in general, and music, in particular, has for me mystical powers which nurture man's spiritual needs. I must confess, however, to being extremely naive.  I insisted for many years on the absolute separation of art and politics. My entire life was devoted to music because, and this is very important, because I thought that I could, through music, do something practical.
Go ahead, be my guest.
I wish to say something.
If it's too hot, open your tie.
Don't talk to me like I was a second violinist. Go back into the waiting room. Miss Straube will come and get you when I am ready to see you.
It is now nine o'clock precisely. I do not intend to be kept waiting again.
Oh boy, you're gonna love this. Take your time with this now. Those files contain the details of every working artist in this country. Those files are gonna tell us who joined the Party, who informed and who was helpful.
He told me to be careful as one of Goebbels' men was watching me. He read a report on me - everything I said was quoted word by word.
What did Goering say?
Goering. Because Hinkel was working for Goebbels.
Who warned you?
I was warned.
How?
I wasn't told. I just knew it.
Who?
Certainly not, but I knew he had informers everywhere. Even in my orchestra there was someone
Yup, that's him, that's the guy. You know what else the little creep did? He kept files, close on 250,000 files. And you know what's in those files?
Yes, a despicable human being. He was in the Ministry of Culture. His job was to get rid of Jews in the arts.
I've got to hand it to the British, David. You know what those guys are?  Decent.  Tell me, Herr Dr. Furtwngler, do you know Hans Hinkel?
I've had enough of this, I'm leaving.
Steve Arnold...
See, David? He can't answer the question. I'll ask it again, Wilhelm, and don't give me any more airy-fairy, intellectual bullshit!
They were Jews, they had to leave. They were right to leave.  I could not leave my country in her deepest misery. After all, I am a German.  I... I stayed in my homeland. Is that my sin in your eyes?
I have a list of names here, people in your profession, who got out in '33. Bruno Walter, Otto Klemperer, Arnold Schoenberg, Max Reinhardt...
If you are going to bully me like this, Major, you had better do your homework. You obviously have no idea how impertinent and stupid your questions are.
You were real close to all of them, to Adolf, to Hermann, to Joseph, to Baldur, and now Albert,  So, let's hear the truth, let's come clean. What was your Party number?
It would be truer to say, I think, that a lot of people in high places knew me.
You sure knew a lot of people in high places.
During an enforced hour-long interval because of a power failure at a concert here in Berlin, Albert Speer, the Minister of Armaments, said to me, 'You look very tired Dr. Furtwngler, you should go abroad for a while.' I knew exactly what he meant.
So, how did you learn that the Gestapo was out to get you?
You didn't complain about the racial policies, just about the musical standards, is that right?
I believe it was because of another letter I'd written to Goebbels lamenting the decline of musical standards due to racial policies.
Why were they going to arrest you?
It was because I learned that the Gestapo was about to arrest me.
I don't know, he wasn't my case. Why did you escape to Switzerland just before the war ended?
Then why is it, please, that another conductor who was actually a member of the Party, who used to play the Horst Wessel before his concerts, has already been cleared and is working again while I have to wait and wait and wait?
Tough, tough!
I need to work. I need to make my living. I live off the generosity of friends...
Your guess is as good as mine.
When will my case be heard by the Tribunal?
Sure.
May I ask a question?
Or maybe you called Goebbels or Goering? You were so close you were in the same shithouse as them.
Let me me help you, then. You picked up the phone and made a call -  'Hello, Adolf? Wilhelm speaking. Listen, old pal, there's a Jew-boy musician I want you to help. He needs a permit to get to Paris.'
I may have, as... as I said, I simply don't remember.
Did you call someone you knew?
I don't remember in detail, there were so many.
I keep hearing you helped a lot of Jews to escape. How did you do that?
It's the truth.
I don't buy that.
I made no deal!
Could I have a glass of water, please? Please, Fraulein?
How come?
That... that was a different matter, I... I was tricked.
That sounds like the small print in one of our insurance policies, Wilhelm. And what about April 19, 1942?  The eve of Hitler's fifty- third birthday, the big celebration; you conducted for Hitler, didn't you? Was that in keeping with your view that art and politics have nothing to do with each other?
I did not conduct at at the rally, I conducted on the evening before the rally.
Then why did you conduct at one of their Nuremberg rallies?
Well, there was a constant battle between Goering and Goebbels as to which of them would control German culture. I was simply a pawn. Anyway, I resigned from the Musikkammer at the same time I resigned as Musical Director of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1934.
Goebbels and Goering were sure heaping honours on you. One makes you a Privy Councillor, the other makes you Vice-President of the Chamber of Music, and you weren't even a member of the Party, how do you explain that?
I don't think Dr. Goebbels sent me a telegram. I was simply told. In a letter, I believe. I don't remember exactly.
What about Vice-President of the Chamber of Music, you used that title didn't you? But then I suppose you had no choice there either, because I suppose Dr. Goebbels just sent you a telegram saying, Dear Mr. Vice-President.
I received a telegram from Hermann Goering informing me that he had made me a Privy Councillor. I was not given the opportunity either to accept or refuse. After the dreadful events of November 1938, the violent attacks on the Jews, I stopped using the title.
Could you tell us about being made a Prussian Privy Councillor. How did that happen to a non-Party member?
That is correct.
What they do in Austria doesn't interest me one little bit. Okay? I have your questionnaire here,  Gustav Heinrich Ernst Martin Wilhelm Furtwngler, born Berlin, January 1886. Orchestral conductor. And you say here you were never a member of the Nazi Party.
I have already been cleared by a Denazification Tribunal in Austria.
I want you to understand why you're here. You're automatically banned from public life under Control Council Directive No 24. We're here to look into your case before you appear in front of the Tribunal for Artists of the Denazification Commission. You understand that?
His private life?
And ask him about his private life.
Yes, yes you may notice that he cannot even bring himself to utter his name, he... he refers to him as K.
The Miracle Kid.
Also a conductor. Very brilliant. Young. Von der Null called him 'The Miracle von Karajan'. Furtwngler was outraged and they say he had von der Null conscripted into the army. The same thing happened to another critic. True or not, it's not such a bad idea. Critics give you bad reviews, you have them sent to the Russian front.  But if you really want to get Furtwngler, ask him about Herbert von Karajan.
Who's he?
Edwin von der Null. Music critic. He gave Furtwngler terrible reviews while he raved about Herbert von Karajan.
Never heard of him, who is he?
There's a rumour... I don't know if it's true or not... but ask him about von der Null.
No. But that's why we hated him. We admired him as a conductor but we all hated him too because he didn't have to join the Party and yet he had a better life than any of us. He didn't have to go and deliver a report after every trip abroad. He got everything from them, everything. He was filthier than any of us Party members.
But I need documentary proof. You know of anything like that?
Son-of-a-gun. We'll find the corporal and we'll find the telegram.
Yes. A corporal. US Army. A Jew. He said he'd seen the telegram in the Chancellery.
One of my people?
One of your people told me.
He did?
Furtwngler sent Hitler a telegram for his birthday.
Yeah?
I've remembered something else...
Of course. You, too. Like everyone else in this goddamn country.
The only thing I know is he's an anti-Semite.
Fuck that, Helmuth. You want to discuss symbols here?  This guy was a front man. He was the piper, but he played their tune, you get my philosophical meaning?  I'm not interested in small fish, I'm after Moby Dick. Come on, Helmuth. Hard facts.
Major, we're discussing a man of genius, I don't want...
I can give you freedom of movement, freedom to work, freedom, Helmuth. But I need something in return.
You don't know what it's like to wake up every single morning of your life terrified, you don't know that - 
Oh, I see, he made you co-operate. And now are you a communist again?
I was a member of the Communist Party. I was a communist. That's what Hinkel had over me. He knew everything. He held that over me. That's how he made me co-operate.
Was a member of...?  Speak up?
One-zero-four-nine-three-three- one. Or d'you mind if I just call you 'one'?
What?
All in the cause of humanity, Helmuth. Or should I call you one- zero-four-nine-three-three-one?
You usually don't work on Sunday, Major?
So. You wanted to see me.
Great catch, kid. The boy runs off.
Don't worry, Helmuth, it'll be our secret.
Exactly.  Replaces the baton, gives Steve the case.
And I see what you mean. You nearly poked my eyes out.
Do it, Helmuth.
Not here, Major, there are people, if anybody should see... please, please, Major...
Yeah, show me, I want to see you do it. Pretend I'm Adolf. You're the maestro, and you have the baton in your right hand, but you give me the salute just the same.
Show you?
Show me.
How could I forget?
Yes, you remember.
The one he kept in his right hand. Yes, you remember.
It's Dr. Furtwngler's baton, which I stole.
Love 'em, Helmuth. I give up. What are you holding in your hand?
Guess what I am holding in my hand. You like guessing games?
Helmuth.
Major.
How could I know what's in the archive?
Do you know what's in this archive?
I hear the British have his... his archive, files, records.
Hans Hinkel was in the Ministry of Culture; how could I know such a man?  I
You seem to understand the question, now how about answering it?
Do I know Hans Hinkel?
That's what I asked.
Do I know Hans Hinkel?
Do you know Hans Hinkel?
Oh, we didn't play for his birthday, we played the evening before - it was the 19th of April not the 20th.
Excuse me. Did you know that he refused to give the Nazi salute when Hitler was present in the audience?
I'll ask the questions, Helmuth.
Is it true you're going to interview Dr. Furtwngler today?
Me? Never.  Never.
Good, and according to your questionnaire, Helmuth, you never joined the Nazi Party.
It means I wasn't good enough to be a first violinist.
Helmuth Alfred Rode. Second violinist since 1935. What's it mean, second violinist?
When you got to the crescendo.
I don't know what you mean, Major.
Was looking at Furtwngler like that?
Yes.
You ever seen Adolf Hitler's eyes when he was making a speech? I've seen 'em on films.
Politics and art must be kept separate. I'll remember that. But let me see if you can help me with something I just don't understand. I'd really like to know why all you guys are so crazy about him. What's his secret?
Yes, Dr. Furtwngler was absolutely clear about this: politics and art must be kept separate.
Oh! The evening before, I see...
He was forced to do that. But he refused to give the Nazi salute in front of Hitler. He kept his baton in his hand, you can't salute with a baton in your hand.
But this was the same guy who conducted for Adolf on his birthday.
Goebbels, yes, Josef Goebbels said, 'There's not a single filthy Jew left in Germany on whose behalf Dr. Furtwngler has not intervened.' No, no one could have been less of a Nazi than Dr. Furtwngler.
Well, he's more than just a bandleader, Steve. He's a great conductor, a gifted artist. But we believe that he sold himself to the devil. Your number one priority from this moment on is to connect him to the Nazi Party. Don't be impressed by him. I want the folks back home to understand why we fought this war. Find Wilhelm Furtwngler guilty. He represents everything that was rotten in Germany.
Like this bandleader.
Well, they say here that when you went on a case, you stayed on it.  Now we can't take every Nazi in this country to trial, although I would like to; it's an impossibility. So we're going for the big boys in industry, education, law, culture.
They said I was dogged?
Conscientious, determined, dogged.
Right. Claims assessor.
You were in insurance before the war.
Jeez, and I never heard of him.
He's as big as Toscanini, maybe even bigger. In this neck of the woods, he's probably Bob Hope and Betty Grable rolled into one.
Sure.
Do you know who Arturo Toscanini is?
Nope.
So, you never heard of him.
Do you really think it was brave? Didn't he bow to him and shake his hand?
It was Beethoven's Ninth.
Brave?  To celebrate Hitler's birthday with some heroic piece by Wagner but without the Nazi salute? Bravo.
Yes, that's true, but he refused to give the Nazi salute. He kept his baton in his right hand. In Hitler's presence. That was a brave act...
He also conducted for Hitler, didn't he?
It was Hermann Goering. I was told he just made the maestro his Privy Councillor, no questions asked. Although Dr. Furtwngler stood up to him. And to Dr. Goebbels.
Then how do you explain him being made a Prussian Privy Councillor?
Dr. Furtwngler is a great musician. He actively opposed the Nazis and later on he helped many Jews to escape.
Hey, hey, slow up, Fraulein Straube has to take down what you say.
No, I was never a Nazi, I have no interest in politics, I'm a musician -
Absolutely not.
I have your questionnaire here. It says you were never a member of the Nazi Party.
First oboe.
Rudolf Otto Werner. Wind section since 1936. What instrument did you play?
I won't let the fat kid down.
Here you go.  You're a Bob's Girl now.  Nancy will check you out.
It's not brain surgery, Chuck.
Can you handle it?
Alright!
Mmm.  Same schedule's okay.
Thanks, Chuck.  I need the money.  Can I still work the hours around my classes?
The pay's the same but you'll make more in tips.
I don't know.  I kinda had my heart set on being a cashier the rest of my life.
Not really.  Do you think you can get here on time if I put you on the floor as a waitress?
Aren't I worth waiting for?
You're late.
Mission control to Chuck, come in...
Come to the office, please.
Yes, Chuck?
Wrong.
You can't to that...
All.
Any one of them's ideal for home defense. Which'll it be?
You know your weapons, buddy.
The Uzi 9 millimeter.
Just what you see, pal.
A phased plasma pulse-laser in the forty watt range...
Anything else?
We will, kiddo.
I'm going to a movie, kiddo. See ya'.  You and Matt have a good time.

That bum.  So what if he has a Porsche, he can't treat you like that...it's Friday night for crissakes.
I thought you did.
Not lately.  Did you check messages?
Don't wear the beige one.
I hate the beige one.
Alright, the beige one.
You're a big help.
Great.
Great.
What do you think?
I'll do the same for you sometime.
That guy's a jerk.  I did you a favor.
I had him hooked.  He was just about to ask me out. I could tell.
What's it to ya?
Compared to me she is.  How come you're not at the cash anymore?  They catch ya steal- ing?
Aha!  Is she young?
That's none of your business.
You must have a girlfriend.
What's it to ya?
I haven't seen you in here lately, Mr. Miller.
Cover...our footsteps...
What are you doing?
We did it, Kyle.  We got it.
Sarah.
You're not supposed to.
I don't think I like this.
You'll beg for mercy in a second.
What are you doing?
Ticklish?
I bet you're ticklish.
Kyle...
I'm sorry.  I shouldn't have said...
Oh, Kyle.
It's better that way.
And so you feel nothing.
Pain can be controlled. You disconnect it.
So much pain.
No.  Never.
A girl.  You know.
Someone?
That's not what I meant. Was there someone special?
Good fighters.
Kyle, the women in your time...what were they like?
No.  I'm not.
It'll never be over, will it? Look at me, I'm shaking. Some legend, huh?  You must be pretty disappointed.
If I do, you have to get away, disappear without a trace. Different country, different name, everything.  In case they send another one.
Don't say that.
Probably.  Sarah, if I get zeroed...
He'll find us, won't he?
I want it to be over for me too. I feel like I slipped over some invisible line, that I'm in your world now.  Everything's the same, but I see it differently. It's like, there's you and me, and him...but nobody else can understand or help or even touch us.
Not possible.
I want it to be over for you.
My whole life has been combat.
I want to buy you a hot dog so bad,Kyle...all the things you've never seen and done.  You're here, but wherever you go, and whatever you touch, you bring the war with you.
Hot dogs?
I was thinking, there's so much I've got to show you when we get through this. It's mind boggling, the pos- sibilities...Disneyland, the beach, movies...matinees with popcorn and foot-long hot dogs...
That's good.  Now, seven more like that while I make fuses.
You must have had a fun child-
Make sure there's none on the threads, like this.  Now screw the end-cap on...very gently.
Nitroglycerin, basically. Bit more stable.  I learned howto make it when I was a kid.
What's that?
Later.  I'm going out for materiel.  Keep this.
I'm dying for a shower.  You could use one too.  And we'd better check that bandage.
Yes.  And I don't want to know where you got it.
Is this enough?
I'm wrong here.  I wasn't meant to see this...
Kyle?
Fuck you!  Let go of me!
Let's go.  Time to move out.
Listen.  Understand.  I'm not a military objective, Reese.  I'm a person... You don't own me.
That's not my mission.
Reese.  Think it through. We can prevent the war. Nobody else is gonna do it. If we go to anybody official we wind up back in jail and then that walking cuisinart has got us again.  We have to so it ourselves.
Tactically dangerous.  We lay low.
Well, we're gonna uninvent the bastard.  Eighty-six it.  We'll blow up the place...burn it down.  Something.
That's the way it was told to me.
Whatever...they become the hotshot computer guys so they get the job to build El Computer Grande...Skynet...for the government.  Right?
Molecular-memory.
Didn't you say that they're going to develop this revolutionary new thing...
What about it?
Look.  I found it.  Isn't that it?  Cyber Dynamics Corporation?
Why?
That's where we're going.
What's that?
Thanks a lot.
Let's get cleaned up, Kyle.
Bag some Z's?
About where you're from.
About what?
Okay.  Talk some more.
Sleep.  It'll be light soon.
You like it?  It's my first.
Good field-dressing.
John gave me a message for you.  Made me memorize it. 'Sarah"...this is the message... 'Sarah, thank you.  For your courage through the dark years. I can't help you with what you must soon face, except to tell you that the future is not set... there is no such thing as Fate, but what we make for ourselves by our own will.  You must be stronger than you imagine you can be.  You must survive, or I will never exist.'  That's all.
Look, Reese, I didn't ask for this honor and I don't want it. Any of it.
You'll learn.
And anyway, what do I know about guerrilla warfare?
Ow!  No, it's okay.  It's better tight.
Come on, me? The mother of the future?  Am I tough? Organized?  I can't even balance my checkbook.  I cry when I see a cat that's been run over... and I don't even like cats.
I'm sure.
It was an honor.  A chance to meet the legend.  Sarah Connor.  Who taught her son to fight...organize, prepare. From when he was a kid.  When you were in hiding, before the war.
You volunteered?
I volunteered.
Stop!  I don't want to know. Hold still.  So...it was John that ordered you here?
John never said much about him.  He dies.  Even before the war...
Well, at least I know what to name him.  I don't suppose you'd know who the father is? So I don't tell him to get lost when I meet him.
You trust him.  He's got that strength.  You'd die in a second for John.
What's he like?
Just talk.  Tell me about my son.  Is he tall?
What?
This is gonna make me puke. Talk about something.
Forget it?  Are you crazy? Let me see it.
It's okay.  Forget it.
We gotta get you to a doctor.
Caught one?  You mean you got shot?
I caught one, back there.
White light.  Pain.  Like being ripped inside out... slowly.  Like being born, maybe.
Kyle, what's it like when you go through time?
Kyle.
Reese...you got a first name?
Come here.
Freezing.
You cold?
Hunter Killers.  Patrol machines. Build in automated factories. Most of us were rounded up, put in camps...for orderly disposal.
The what?
Didn't see the war.  I was born after, in the ruins.  Grew up there.  Starving.  Hiding from the H-K's.
Defense network computer. New. Powerful.  Hooked into everything. Trusted to run it all.  They say it got smart...a new order of intelli- gence.  Then it saw all people as a threat, not just the ones on the other side.  Decided out fate in a microsecond...extermination.
I don't understand...
--everythingis gone.  Just gone.  There were survivors. Here.  There.  Nobody knew who started it.  It was the machines.
Tell me.  Just start at the beginning.
There's so much...
Listen.  Understand.  That Terminator is out there.  It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with...it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear... and it absolutely will not stop. Ever.  Until you are dead.
Just let me go.
Right.
And you're from the future too?
One possible future.  Four your point of view.  I don't know the tech stuff.
So, it's from the future, is that right?
No.  Not yet.  Not for about forty years.
Hey, I'm not stupid, y'know. They can't build anything like that yet.
Pay attention.  The 600 series had rubber skin. We spotted them easy.  But these are new.  They look human.  Sweat, bad breath, everything.  Very hard to spot.  I had to wait 'til he moved on you before I could zero him.
Look, Reese, I know you want to help, but...
But outside, it's living human tissue.  Flesh, skin, hair...blood.  Grown for the cyborgs.
No. But you will.  It's very important that you live.
This is a mistake.  I haven't done anything.
I'm here to help you.  Reese, Sergeant/Tech-Com, DN38416...
Yes.  Don't hurt me.
Do you understand?
Who is in authority here?
I can help you...
Then why am I talking to you? Get out.
I'm afraid that's not up to me.
You've heard enough.  Decide. Are you going to release me?
Most official records were lost in the war.  The computer knew almost nothing about Connor's mother.  Her name. Where she lived, just the city. No scanner pictures.  The Terminator was just being systematic.
Why were the other two women killed?
Of course.
Surrounded by living tissue.
Okay.  Okay.  But this...  cyborg...if it's metal...
I didn't build the fucking thing.
Why?
You go naked.  Something about the field generated by a living organism.  Nothing dead will go.
Can't.  Nobody goes home. Nobody else comes through. It's just him and me.
Then how are you supposed to get back?
...it had no choice. The defensive grid was smashed. We'd taken the mainframes... We'd won.  Taking out Connor then would make no difference.  Skynet had to wipe out his entire exist- ence.  We captured the lab complex.  Found the...what- ever it was called...the time-displacement equipment. The Terminator had already gone through.  They sent two of us to intercept, then zeroed the whole place. Sumner didn't make it.
Yes.
I see.  And this...computer, thinks it can win by killing the mother of its enemy, kill- ing him, in effect, before he is even conceived?  A sort of retroactive abortion?
SKYNET.  A computer defense system built for SAC-NORAD by Cyber Dynamics.  A modified Series 4800.
And who was the enemy?
The year 2027?
With the One Thirty Second under Perry, from '21 to '27--
So.  You're a soldier. Fighting for whom?
Okay.
Go ahead.  You're safe.  There're thirty cops in this building.
I can't sleep.
Why don't you just stretch out here and get some sleep.  It'll take your mom a good hour to get here from Redlands.
I guess so.  You're a doctor?
Sarah.  Sarah, this is Dr. Silber- man.  I'd like you to tell him everything Reese said to you.  Do you feel up to it?
They've already been identi- fied.  There's no doubt.
Lieutenant, are you sure it's them?  Maybe I should see the ...bodies.
Here, drink some of this...
Alright, Ms. Connor.  Listen carefully.  You're in a public place, you'll be safe 'til we get there.  Stay visible. Don't go outside or in the restroom.  I'll be there in a few minutes.
Yes, but I don't want to leave.  I think this guy's following me.
I won't.  Now just relax. Where are you?  Yeah, I know it...on Pico. Are you alright?
...look, Lieutenant...uh, Vukovich, don't put me on hold and don't transfer me to another department...
Shut up.
That Silberman just crack me up.  He had this guy in here last week who set his Afghan on fire. Screwed it first, then set it on--
Suspect westbound on Olympic.  Grey sedan.  Has hostage, repeat...
Go!  Go!  He's got her.
Like shit, boss.
If they can get this on the tube by eleven, she may just call us.  How do I look?
To make a statement. I'm gonna give them the name.  Maybe the jackals can help us out for once.
I hate the press cases. Especially the weird press cases.  Where you going?
I can hear it now, it's gonna be the goddamned 'Phone Book Killer'.
Same shit.
Call her again.
I just called.
Call her.
I already did.  No answer at the door and the apartment manager's out.  I'm keeping them there.
Send a unit.
No.  Keep getting an answer- ing machine.
Did you reach the next girl yet?
I put a cigarette out in it.
I know.
That stuff's two hours cold.
I hate the weird ones.
You gotta be kidding me.  The new guys'll be short-stroking it over this one.  A one-day pattern killer.
Here's her driver's license.
That can't be right.  That's the name of the one Valley Division mopped up this after- noon.
Okay, let's see...Got a pos- itive on her.  She's Sarah Connor, works as a legal--
Six shots at less than ten feet.  Weapon was a large caliber--
Give me the short version.
We met, this morning.  I signed the termination contract for Baer/Grace. I accepted your settlement, Nicholas. you were right.  I'm going sailing.
No.  This is my lawyer, Samuel Sutherland.  I thought you two should meet.
Are you finished?
You could.  But, if I leave without your signature, this agreement begins to disintegrate; benefits shrink, options narrow, compensations shrivel.
I could fight you on this.
Remember Daniel Grant?  Do they say, "without Daniel Grant, there is no Baer/Grant Publishing?"  He's gone sailing, Alan.  He's out there enjoying his golden years, probably wondering where you are.
There is no Baer/Grant Publishing without Alan Baer.
I'll be done in a minute.  You misspoke before.  You're not "stepping down."  I'm taking you out at the knees.  The whole point is to prove that you're not deciding anything anymore.  I'm firing you. Action's taken.  Confidence restored. Stock goes up.  I sell my shares.
Now, look...
It is so very inappropriate for you to mention my father.  Or, did you think this, between us, was friendship?  Just because you went fishing with my father, I should sit on my hands while you throw my money away?
Your father was a friend.  Goddamn it... I watched you grow up.  How do you end up treating me like this?
What?
You intractable son-of-a-bitch.  If your father could see you now...
You're talking tomorrow.  Today is what counts.
Because it's fair.  Give me next quarter.  If you still feel this way, vote your shares...
It probably will.  In fact, I'd go so far as to say it almost certainly will, in time.  Why should I settle for that?
The stock will turn.
My stock's falling.  Isn't yours? Those pennies are costing me millions.
Will you really hold me to it over <u>pennies</u>?
But, the expectation was ten.  And, in this case, expectation is everything.
Our E.P.S. was one fifty last quarter.  We're up eight cents per share.
Admittedly...
Projections were far too optimistic.
You promised you'd meet projections, Alan.  A dollar sixty per share you said.  So, I don't think this is so surprising a visit.
"Whereas once I was blind, now I can see."  Night, Nick.  Best of luck.
I, uh... haven't been to Sunday school in years...
You want to know what it is?  What it's all about?  John.  Chapter nine.  Verse twenty-five.
I've heard good things about their London branch.  You have to admit, it sounds like some fantasy, role-playing nonsense.
Hm?  No, about a year ago.  I was working out of Los Angeles.
Did you play recently?
Did you?  Kudos.
I only mention it because I took the test this afternoon, down on Montgomery Street.
I'll be right with you.
Fine, Dennis.  Soon as I get my money for this week.
Clean out your locker.
I apologized, I offered to help.
You don't talk to me like that.
Then, you kiss his ass.
Christine!   Mister Van Orton is a valued customer...
Always.
Underwear?
No.
Boyfriend?
Yes.
Single?
Julliard, yeah.
Studied acting, I assume?
One brother, one sister.
Big family... small?
Originally, Connecticut.
Like... where are you from?
Like what... my favorite color... ?
I realize.  Maybe you could... tell me a little about yourself.
Is this something you're interested in?  I'm not really that person I was.
What about dinner sometime, when you get back?  Would that be... ?
There's another gig starting in Saudi Arabia.  I'm just a walk-on this time though.  Bit-part.
Where are you going in such a hurry?
I have to get to the airport...
Claire.  Pleased to meet you.
Claire.
I didn't know what else to call you.
That's my fault.  I get too worked up at these.  I'm very method.  You do know... that's not my name.
Hi.  Didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
No!
I have to show you...
Don't move, you bitch... !
Please, Nicholas, let me show you...
Stop it!
Open that door, you'll see.  Your brother's there... Conrad.  He's there.  It's your birthday party...
No...
It is.  It's what you hired us for. Nobody touched your money.  Nobody stole anything.  They're waiting on the other side of that door with champagne... all your friends... it's a celebration...
That's not true...
Think about it!  They followed you every step of the way.  There was always a safety net.  The taxi, there was a diver.  At my house, the window was rigged... they shot at us with blanks...
You're wrong.  You're about to make the biggest mistake of your life. Put that gun down.
No!  You take another step, I'll shoot!  They're trying to kill me...
Let me show you...
Shut up!
Nicholas...
Stop talking...
Okay... okay...  I put it down.  Now open that door. Mister Fisher's right on the other side of that door.  He's an actor...
Stop talking to them!
What did you <u>really see</u>?  This whole time... special effects, squibs, like in the movies.  Please, you've got to believe me...  He's got a gun, with real bullets!
I saw them kill him!
No, now wait... think about it.  What did you see... ?
Bullshit.  They killed him. Feingold, Fisher, whoever... they shot him...
Listen very carefully, I'm telling the truth... this is the game.  This was all the game.
Fuck you.
Nicholas, this is fake.  It's all part of the game...
What are you doing?
He's got a gun.  Everyone, he's got a <u>real</u> gun up here!  Real situation!  ... damn it...
Just... wait.  Just wait!  Okay... please, I'm not kidding anymore...
Guess you missed it.
We searched the house.
It's mine...
Where'd you get that gun?
What the fuck are you... ?
That gun.  That... that's not automatic.  The guard had an automatic...
... what... ?
Where'd you get that... ?
They will!  You tell them if they don't come now, I will shoot you!
They won't...
Call them, tell them to get the boss up here.  Tell them I'll kill you...
It could have been any asshole with a couple hundred million in the bank.
You call them...
It wasn't you.  It wasn't personal...
Who's responsible?!
How deluded can you be?  There's no <u>why</u>...
You tell me... I want to know who's behind this.  Who did this to me... how, why... ?
What do you think you're doing?
Get us out!
Nicholas...
Get us out of here...
Nicholas, okay... you're not about to shoot anyone...
I'm back from the dead.
What are you <u>doing</u> here?
It's out of your hands.
What... what do you mean?
Mm... I wouldn't worry about it.
What do you mean?  I checked them myself.  I made the calls...
Who is it?
What do we do?
Who is it?
Whatever kind of nickel-and-dime shit you did before, this is more than just me.  Your friends raided pension plans, and payrolls... they took just over six-hundred million.  You ruined people's lives.
I don't know.  A lot.
Scams, con games.  How many?
What?
How many times have you done this? I'm interested.
All I mean is... someone like you...
It might be best if we didn't talk.
It's just money.  You should be glad you're alive.
Who the fuck cares?
My name's not Christine.  It's not my real...
I didn't say anything.
What did you say?
They don't care about you anymore. Alive or dead is the same, as long as they bury you deep enough.
Overseas operator?  Please dial Allgemeine Bank, Zurich.
Why else would they be willing to put you under... ?
What are you talking about... ?
They did the same to him as they did to you.
How?  How could they have gotten anything?
It wasn't his fault.  He thought it was his only way back.  They fleeced him real good.
Yeah?  I was your waitress on your birthday.  Connie told you about C.R.S. that day, remember?  I was already playing my part, <u>before</u> you started the game.
That's a lie...
I know things... like who you can trust.  Like that your brother was in on it from the beginning.
Then, what good are you?
I don't know, nobody does.  I'm an employee.
Who are "they?"
No cops.  I've got a warrant out. Mail fraud.  They'll take me in, but you won't be able to prove anything else.
You can talk while I drive us to the police.
You don't have a choice.  No one else is going to tell you what's going on.
Get out of my car!
I could've handed you to them.  They find me now, I'm dead...
Get out.
What are you doing... ?
God, wake up, it's a con!
What is this!?
Nicholas...
No!  I'm sick of this...
Not here!  They can see.
Wha... ?
They're watching.
I don't...
Take the picture out of the frame and show it to me.
What's wrong?
Take the picture out.
Yeah.  First Communion.  Aren't I a little angel?
You?
Want anything to drink?
Let me go get some clothes on. We'll talk, okay?  Be right back.
I'm tired.  I'm sorry, I should go. I've been enough of a nuisance.
Sure.  You alright?  Is this still that contest you're in...
Do you mind if I sit?
I thought...
Okay.
Well... the red bra.
I think I would remember.  What makes you think it's me?
It was left in my hotel room, well, not really mine.  You're saying it's not you?
Where'd you get this?
Is this you?
What is it?
Come here...
Didn't think I'd ever see you again.
It's okay, dad.
Can we talk?
What are you doing here?
They said five hundred.  I said six. They said the man in the gray flannel suit.  I think I said, you mean the attractive guy in the gray flannel suit?
Seriously?  What did they say?
I have a confession to make.  Someone gave me six-hundred dollars to spill drinks on you, as a practical joke.
Keep it.
Give me an address so I can send your shirt back.
Goodnight, Christy.  It was nice meeting you.
Right.  Call me Christy.
The maitre d' called you Christine.
I don't think I've ever spent this much time with someone who didn't even ask my name.
Goodnight.
Don't.  It was a shitty job anyway. I overreacted.
I know the owner of Campton Place.  I could talk to him in the morning.
I don't spend much time looking out the window.  I'll call you a taxi.
If this was my office, I wouldn't keep that closed.
A fresh shirt...
Hm?  Oh, yes.
Nice.
Investment banking.  Moving money from place to place.
What exactly do you do?
That tall, bright building.  Near there.
Where are we going?
I think not.
We hang down here and drop.  The garbage'll break our fall.
Why... ?
That's classic.
Nicholas Van Orton?  What are you, a czar?
Nicholas.  Nicholas Van Orton.
Never did catch your name.
... two hundred dollars a toe.
That one did.
Your <u>shoes</u> cost a thousand dollars?
There goes a thousand dollars.
Me?  You're the one who... !  Shit!
You're the one who started running.
You're a grown man.  I'm not responsible for you.
You deserted me.
Yes... well...
They'll love that.
Don't panic.  When security gets here, we simply explain what happened...
Consumer Recreation Services.  It's their building.  They...
What's C.R.S.?
This is C.R.S.
It's not like anyone could actually open it.
I'll wait.
My hero.  Let's go.
There's a ladder here.
Oh.  FIne.
I'm not wearing underwear.  Okay? There, I said it.  Satisfied.
Please...
No.
It's much easier this way.  Come on, step up...
You pull me up.
This isn't an attempt to be gallant. If I don't lift you, how are you going to get there?
You first.
I'll give you a boost.
Are you suggesting we wait till someone finds us?
"... wait for help."  Wait for help. I'm not opening a door that specifically warns me not to.
If there was one.
Read what it says: "Warning, do <u>not</u> attempt to open.  If elevator stops, use emergency... "
Why not?
Don't even think about it.
Never mind.
Long story.  I found this key in the mouth of a wooden Harlequin.
How thoughtful.  The gift of inconvenience.
It was a gift... from my brother.
Where'd you all go?  Motherfucking frat boys.  You better hide.  Is your life so pathetic that this is something you're willing to pay for?
How do you know that's the way?
Home.
Where are you going?
See you around.
I don't understand why they're getting you involved.
There's got to be a flashlight.
You should be.
I'm sorry, about this...
You mean, the guy who turned blue and <u>wet</u> himself... ?
The lights went out, one hundred people all ran away...
What are you talking about?
It's run by a company... they play elaborate pranks.  Things like this. I'm really only now finding out myself.
A game?
I was trying to tell you... it's a game.
What... is... happening... ?
You've got to be kidding.
Hold on...  They want your driver's license number.
Let's talk to whoever can get this over with...
Ten minutes ago, I'm looking forward to a quiet dinner.  I get a note...
What <u>is</u> your problem?
This is nuts.
He's turning blue!
Alright... okay...
He's pissing his pants.  Is that real enough for you?  Call 911!
This can't be real...
Don't just stand there, get help!
Oh, God... !
I don't think he's breathing.
Do you know what to do?
I don't know... he fell.
What's with him?
Don't explain.  Fuck off.  Goodbye.
Excuse me, I need to explain...
What's going on?  I'm going on my second job this month, and now I'm going on unemployment.
I want to know what's going on.  Are you part of this?
What are you babbling about, psycho?
I'm not sure how this works.  Do you have something for me... ?  I got this note...
Oh, no... you.
Pardon me... Miss... ?
I said I was sorry...
Terrific.  I now have a hundred dollar dry cleaning bill.
It was an accident.
Don't help me, just get more napkins. And soda water.
A bad month.  You did the exact same thing to me last week.
I apologize, sir, I'm having a bad day...
Please, don't do that...
I'm so sorry.
Did she?
Yeah, yeah.  She called a cab. Said something about catching a plane.
Where's Christine?  The waitress.
Oh, God yes please.  Thanks, man. I'll take you up on that.
Split it?
Yeah.
Really?
This... ?  Oh, this is just... this is the bill.
What?
Baby, they were all over the house with metal detectors.  They switched your gun with a look-alike, rigged barrel, loaded with blanks.  Pop-gun.
You know... how'd you manage the gun? I mean...
Stop it!
I'm sorry, Christ, I'm sorry!  How many more times do I have to say I'm sorry before you forgive me... ?
Stop this.  It's not true...
Because you hate me.  Because you had to be here, when mom died.  Because you had to do it alone.  Well, don't you think if I'd known... I'd've been here too.  I'd have been here...
Listen to yourself.   Why would I do anything like what you're describing?
You're behind this, aren't you?  You and your sick friends.  Well, make it stop!
No, it doesn't!  Those keys were put there.  I didn't even know...
No!  You're one of them.  Of course, it makes perfect sense!
What?  Connie...
You're part of it...
How did those... ?
No.  Do you?  Can't be too hard, can it?  I don't think we should be here out in the open like this.
Do you know how to change a tire?
Really?
The phone's dead.
Okay... okay.
We're going to figure this out.  Get a grip on yourself.
How do you know?
It's a flat tire.  That's all.
It's them.  They did this.
You think I know?  I paid them <u>more</u> to make it stop.
Calm down.  Why would they keep playing after you paid?
Everything.  I'm a goddamn human-pinata...
What have they been doing to you?
It doesn't stop, Nick.  I paid the bill, I gave 'em their money, but it all started again.  They won't leave me alone...
Slow down, take a breath...
They fuck you and they fuck you and they fuck you.  And then, just when you think it's done, that's when the <u>real</u> fucking begins.
How do you mean, exactly?
You dodged a bullet.
Yeah, almost...
C.R.S.  Who do you think?  Jesus H., thank your lucky charms.  To think what I almost got you into.
Who?
They're methodical.  They're nothing if they're not that.
What are you doing?
Shhhhhhh.  Wait... wait...
What's this all about, Connie?
Just drive, man.  It's fucking nuts!
Tell me where we're going.
I know...
Okay, okay... okay?  I just... you know I hate surprises.
Do it for YOU.
I'm going to call.
It doesn't matter...
I'll call them, okay?
I thought you'd like this.  Best thing I ever did.  If you don't want to do it, DON'T...
Why would you say that?
Are you still on mediction?
But, will you?
I said I would...
Will you?
Okay.
Tell me you'll call.
Call them.  Trust me.
Like a stroke?
It's a profound life experience.
This isn't an escort service?
You've heard of it.  You've seen other people having it.  They're an entertainment service, but more than that.
Fun?
They make your life fun.  Their only guarantee is you will not be bored.
Why?
Trust me.  Call that number.
"Consumer Recrreation Services." What, do they make golf clubs?
Call that number.
You shouldn't have.
For you.
I don't need anything from you.  I was laying on a beach somewhere in Spain, naked, and, it hit me -- Nickie's birthday.  So, here I am, four layovers, twenty-seven hours flying and one donkey ride later. Not necessarily in that order.
Really?
No.
You need anything?
Yeah.
Connie... what brings you here?  Is everything alright?
Nowhere in particular.  Don't you keep track of my whereabouts anymore?
I redecorated.  What about you?
Too bad, I liked her.  So, you're all alone in the House of Pain?
Divorced.  Remarried to some pediatrician or gynecologist, or pediatric gynaecologist, in Sausalito.
Elizabeth?
Never better.
How long's it been?  Since mom died... four years?  How are you?
About me?
So do you.  And to think I was worried...
You look good.
Which grad-school?
Not after I'm done with it.  Actually, I've been here.  In grad-school I bought crystal-meth from the maitre d'.
They'll be wanting it back.
They gave me a free jacket at the door.
That's why it's a classic.  Come on, man... how 'bout a hug... ?
"Seymour Butts."  I never get tired of that one.
Happy Birthday, man.
Conrad, what a surprise.  Gesundheit.
Hey there, Nickie.
Yes, very lucky.
How much is it?  A few thousand, at least.  A Rolex like that... lucky for you they missed it.
And, they didn't take that watch?
Yes.
We'll help with the police, if you want to bother.  As far as money goes... can I make a suggestion?  You say you were mugged?
I don't speak Spanish.  All I need is to get back... just enough for that.
Have you gone to the police?
Yes.
Robbed?
What happened was, I'm on vacation, alone... I was robbed, at gunpoint. They hit me and ran.  Two men, a few blocks away.  They took my wallet, money... all of it.  So...
It always is.
Well, where to begin.  It's complicated...
No money, no identification or passport.  You are in a fix.  What did happen to you?
I know.
I'll call.  I really will.
Happy Birthday, Nicholas.
You're going?  Well, thanks again.  Good to see you, Rachel...  Thanks for coming, Mel.  I'll get your car back.  Right now it's, uh... at the zoo.  Sorry.
We have to head out... just wanted to say goodbye.
I hope.
I'll explain someday.
Yes.
It's just a t.v.  He's just an actor.
Of course, Nick...
It would mean a lot to me... if you and I could be friends.  If I could have you back in my life... in some small way.  It would be important.
There's nothing to forgive.
The last few days, um... I've been thinking... had a lot of spare time.  I want to tell you... I'm starting to understand why you left me.  I've been resenting you for it, maybe, but ... I want to apologize, for all of it.  For shutting you out, for not being there.  I...  Anyway, I hope you can forgive me.
Of course you can have it if you need it.  Can I get you something to eat?
I know, look at me, well...  What happened?  I don't know.  I don't even really know.  I have some things to try to take care of... I need the car a little while.
What happened to you, Nick?  I mean, look at yourself...
I need your car, Elizabeth.
Like, this way... sort of...
Guess!
It was a different floor then...
Where'd you pick up your checks?
I told you, they hired me over the phone.  I never met anyone.
Where?
Shut up.  Cuff him to the rail.
You don't need me...
I don't want money.  I'm pulling back the curtain.  I'm here to meet the wizard.
What are you gonna do anyway?  You won't get your money back.
Drive in.
What whistle?  There's no fucking whistle.  This is fucking dangerous.
Tell them the cops are after you... tell them you've got to talk to someone, I'm threatening to blow the whistle.
No, I can't.  I'm sorry and all, but...
They know you... you worked for them. You can get me in.
They own the whole building.  They just move from floor to floor.
How do I find them?  Their offices are empty.
Goddamnit, why do they do that?
Nobody knows, pal.  Nobody gets the big picture...  Jason, Tommy, cut it out!
I'm tired of dealing with peons.  I need to get to whoever's in charge.
Look, it was just a job.  Nothing personal, ya know?  I play my part, improvise a little.  That's what I'm good at.
Hey, everyone -- snack time!  Here... here you go...
Get rid of them.
That's right -- you're a left-brain word fetishist.
You mean, <u>dis</u>satisfied.
It's never happened.  We've never had an unsatisfied customer.
You mean, I don't like it, he doesn't pay?
One guarantee.  Payment's entirely at your brother's discretion and, as a gift, dependent on your satisfaction.
It's all down to this...
Don't worry.  It's been terrific spending the entire day with your "crack team".
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Cursory examination.  Turn-your-head- and-cough sort of thing.  You'll be out of here in no time.
Physical?
An hour for those... maybe another for the physical.
How long will these take?
First, admit to yourself that it sounds intriguing.  Second, you don't have to decide today.  Take the silly tests, fill out the forms.  One day, the game begins.  You either love it or hate it.  Decide then.  We're like an experimental Book-of-the-Month- Club; drop out at any time with no further obligation.  That was my sales pitch.
Do you really expect me to participate without knowing a single thing?
May I make two suggestions... ?
And if nothing's lacking?
We provide whatever's lacking.
Humor me with specifics.
It's different every time.
What kind of vacation?
Tailored specifically to each participant.  Think of it as a great vacation, except you don't go to it, it comes to you.
A game?
Oh... it's a game.
No, I mean, what is it FOR?  What are you selling?
We want a sense of your overall capabilities, limitations, turn-ons, turn-offs...
What's all this for?
I don't write the questions.  I just review them.
You need to fill out those forms. Application, psych-tests: M.M.P.I. and T.A.T.  For the financial questionnaire, don't answer anything you don't feel like.  We'll run a T.R.W....
No, thank you.
Your brother was a client with our London branch.  We do a sort of informal scoring.  His numbers were outstanding.  Sure you're not hungry at all... ? Tung Hoy, best in Chinatown...
What is?
V-A-N... O-R-T-O-N...  A gift from Conrad Van Orton. Interesting...
Oh, here we go...
I'm not quite sure how this works. My brother...
Jim Feingold, V.P., E.D.A. Engineering and Data Analysis.
First they try to kill me, now you?  Put your damn clothes back on.
Isn't this what you like?  They told me you had a thing for boats.
Don't take another step.
Don't be nervous.  They said you'd be nervous.
I can't tell you how <u>not</u> interested I am.
I've been so lonely.
They were my husband's.  My late husband... may he rest in peace.
You know, these fit... perfectly.
Let's get you dried off first.  I might have some clothes below.
I need the police.
No, you didn't...
Didn't I give you two?
Is there a room key?
Hm?
The key?
Show Mr. Van Orton to his room.
Have we met?
Ah, Mr. Van Orton.  Here you go...
Goodnight.  Where was she?
Goodnight.  See you home.
Nobody worried about your father.
Did you worry about him?
You're not like him at all.  I don't know exactly what's going on around here lately, but don't make me start worrying about you.
I'm just like him.
Not much, I think.
Sometimes I wonder how much of him there is in me.
No.  What happened... no one expected it.
Was he morose, or...?  I mean...
Your mother thought he was a good man.  He worked very hard.  What I remember most was his manner was so... slight.  It was easy to spend time in a room, and not realize he'd been there the whole time.
He came to my mind recently, that's all.
All the time I've known you, you've never once asked about him.
I'm not sure.
What makes you ask?
There's been a break in.  Lock this door and stay here.  Don't move a muscle.
I don't know what you're talking about.  What's happened?
Did the alarm go off?  The house... they... you didn't see... ?
Yes. What do you mean?  What's wrong?
Ilsa... you're alright?
Mr. Van Orton... ?
Goodnight then.
No, thank you.  Goodnight.
I've finished for the evening.  Will you be needing anything else?
Fine.
Is everything alright?
Well... send my love, if you see him again.
Okay.  I think he's into some sort of new personal improvement cult.
You did?  How is he?
Thank you.  Goodnight.
Dinner's in the oven.
Have a nice day.
Thank you.
There was an incident a few days ago... a nervous breakdown, they said.  The police took him.  They left this address, in case anyone...
Look, where is he?!
He couldn't, or refused to pay.  We extended credit...
His behavior... ?
There were complaints by other guests, and damage to his room.  We did the best we could to accommodate his behavior.
Where's my brother?
It's a private matter, for you... I think you'll be more comfortable...
What's this about?
Your brother.  Will you come with me?
Pleasure to meet you, I'd like to see my brother, thank you.
You're here for Conrad Van Orton? I'm the hotel manager...
What's the trouble?
Cancel lunch.  Make reservations at Campton Place for me and Mr. Butts.
Pardon me?  I'm afraid I don't...
"Under the Bleachers"... by Seymour Butts.
A Mister... Seymour Butts.
What gentleman, Maria?
A gentleman left a message requesting a lunch, but I assured him...
What?
I wouldn't mention the following, except he was very insistent.  It's obviously some sort of prank...
I don't like her.
I know who she is.  Take a message.
Your ex-wife.
Because, if you don't know about society, you don't have the satisfaction of avoiding it.
I'll send your regrets.  Honestly, why must I even bother?
Let me think...  Hordes of men in tuxedos.  Everyone's droning.  Ludwell's trying to break the ice by reciting an off-color limerick...
The Hinchberger wedding.
No.
The Fitzwilliam Botanical Garden Annual Fundraiser.
No.
Invitations: the Museum Gala.
Nice touch.  Does the game use real bullets... ?
Hey... !
Friend... why don't you back off.
Is Alan Baer "the Game?"  Is that what this is?
Look... what I'm doing is none of your business...
I don't know what you're talking about.  I'm just driving...
Why are you following me?
What the fuck... ?!
You warm my heart.
Bravo, young man.  you have to tell me what this was all about sometime.  I want you to know... when it looked there for awhile like you were going slowly insane... I was fully prepared to have you committed to the <u>finest</u> mental-health facility available.  I mean that sincerely, don't thank me.
Attempted murder.
Illegal surveillance, reckless endangerment...
What about the house?
He hasn't called back.
Sam...  Thank you.
Very well.  If you tell me not to worry, I shan't.
It's what they do.  It's like... being toyed with by a bunch of...  Depraved children.
You're joking.
Christ... I can't believe it... invisible ink?
Nothing else?
Just what I told you.
Sounds like they make tennis rackets. What do we know?
Find out about a company called C.R.S.  Consumer Recreation Services.
You know you can.
Someone's playing hardball.  It's complicated.  Can I ask a favor?
It was a misunderstanding.
How concerned should I be?
That you've involved Conrad... is unforgivable.  I am now your enemy.
Nicholas...
Follow me.
What's happened...
I checked it personally.
Don't ask.
Attractive...
Wanted to wish you luck.  Not that you'll need it.
I wasn't expecting you.
Nothing.  Nothing at all.
Anything wrong... ?
<u>Every</u> year is a good year.
What?
You know what I love about wine that comes in bottles like this?
It's not Victorian, everyone thinks that the whole nineteenth century was Victorian.  This is gothic, this is English Craftsman, this is Romanesque.  This is... insane.  Who lives here?
These old Victorian houses are great, aren't they?
Greetings fellow sheep counter.
Greetings fellow insomniac.
Hi.  I'm Todd Aubochon.
Is this true?  I've been hypnotized?
Modelling small-group dynamics in the formation of narrative hallucinations.  You brought us here to scare us.  Insomnia, that was just a decoy issue.  You're disgusting.
It's somebody's idea of a joke.
Welcome Home Eleanor.  Welcome Home?  I've never been here.  Who did this?
I did okay.
Couldn't get the last ones.  You?
Come on.  These are the typically sentimental gestures of a depraved industrialist.
The children.  The children Hugh Crain built the house for.  The children he never had.
Who's Watts?
I only saw Theo drive up.
Obsessive worrier.  Join the club.  And you?  I'd guess...
Well, I... uh...
And what kind of sleeper?
Uh... Nell Vance...
Hi, Luke Sanderson, bad sleeper, I'm your basic tosser-turner, and you are...
Watts.  Those were his keys Nell found.  His roommate called and said Watts left when he was supposed to.  I think he's here.
You're not telling us something.
Just stay there, Nell!
It's not going to hold your weight.
She got the child labor stuff from me.
It's a question.
Is that the question of compassion or science?
You get your money.
Do we still get paid for the week?
I gave my key to the gate to Todd, but the Dudleys'll be here in the morning.
There's a carriage house around back.
And those are Luke's and mine.
Go ahead.
Do you need me anymore?  Cause I'm going to bed.  They can stay up talking another 45 minutes if they want, but I gotta try to get some sleep.
I've read your tests.
Why?
Because... well, I know I can trust you.
Sure.
Luke, can I talk to you?
Yeah.
That could have been worse.
I thought it best to be isolated, to be in a location with a definite sense of history, and I wanted to make sure that it wasn't so pleasant you'd all sleep too easily.  You'll be taking a variety of tests, none of them harmful, and you've got the house, the grounds, and each other to keep you company.
So why did you need the Addam's Family mansion for a scientific test?
Greetings.
And this is my assistant, Mary Lambretta.
We can't stay here looking for her.  She doesn't want to be found...
Nell!
Where in the hell can she be.
Was sure she'd be in here.
-- how much is this car worth?
Nell --
Will the two of you shut up!  God damn it!  Maybe the tests were right, Marrow.  She's sensitive, she's vulnerable, but I don't think she's suicidal and I didn't have to test her.  Maybe she wasn't trying to kill herself. Maybe she was really scared. Maybe she really heard voices.
You used the wrong test.
Maybe someday.
You want company?
Yeah.
All night?
That depends on your definition of ghosts.  I'm going to check on her, and then I'm going to stay awake.
You don't really believe it's haunted... Do you believe in ghosts?
We're fucked.  We're in a haunted house and we can't get out until the morning.
The whole thing feels like experimental misdirection.  Like he says it's about one thing, a psychological profile of environmental effects on insomnia... and that'd be a legitimate study, but I think that we've been subjected to an academic bait and switch; he's really looking at something else.
Mister very talky, would you please say what it is about this study that bothers you?
No.
So could you!  Is this some fucked up idea of art, putting someone else's name to a painting?
You could have.
I didn't do it.
He must have left.  Didn't like the looks of the place or something.
Well, this lot is full!
Luke.
Hey!  I heard screaming...
And why didn't Marrow tell <u>us</u>? Doesn't he trust women?  That fuck.
He said that Hugh Crain... Hugh Crain was a monster.  He said that he was a brutal, horrible man.  He told me that Crain drove his workers to early deaths.  Crain had children chained to the looms in his mill.  And listen to this: his beautiful Rene killed herself.
Nah, you're going crazy with doubt, all of your mistakes are coming back up the pipes, and it's worse than a nightmare. --
The rest of you may hate your insomnia, but I find it the best time of the day for me.  I'm alone.  Nobody's talking to me but myself.  My mind is racing with ideas, and I can think.
This is the last chapter.  Please, please give me clearance.  It's for science.
I have a bad feeling about what you're doing.
She needed a job, Malcolm.  And she's smart.  And she helps me.
I, I just can't...
No.
Does she know that's why you're using her?
No, but she does, and that's all that matters.
You don't believe in the paranormal.
And after she was thrown out, she needed a job.
Why are you working with her? Mary Lambretta was thrown out of the department for trying to get a Ph.D. in psychic studies.
Mary, I'll meet you outside.
Are you working with her?
But if the group knows it's being studied as a group, you contaminate the results.  The deception is minor.
Not the way you've constructed your group, it's just not ethical!
No, Malcolm!  Individual performance is only part of it.  I know why baseball players choke for no reason, I know why violinists throw up with fear before every concert, and need to, to give a great performance, but what I want to know is, how fear works in a group...
And that will be a good place to end this study.
Malcolm, this is essential work I'm doing.  Just think what my research can do for education. Elementary school classrooms near train tracks or airports, where loud noise is random; this helps to prove the need for sound insulation if the children are ever going to learn to read.
Come on Malcolm, it's only seven ohms, it's nothing, it's like a joy buzzer!  And it's not about the pain, it's about the interference with concentration...
It's still an electric shock!
Nothing, if you leave right now. There's a war going on all around us.  Don't get in the way, please.
What'll happen to us, Nell?
No --
Come on.
My mother used to hum this to me. Like her mother hummed it to her. And my great grandmother Carolyn hummed it to her.
No.
Then who called me?
Nell, the first time I ever spoke with you in person was the night we met here.
But you told me to look in the paper!  You told me I'd be perfect!
Nell.  You will come here now.
The children want me.  They're calling me.  They need me.
Because that's where he burned them up, the child laborers from his mills!  Because that's where their bones are!  He killed <i>hundreds</i>.  He took them here and he killed them.  Their bones are in the fireplace!
Why would we want to do that, Nell?
It's not real?  Crain?  He's not real?
I hadn't done a study of how group fear affects individual performance.  Mass hysteria is like a story, Nell.  A communal story.  Someone starts it.  Then we all add a little more to it. And then for some reason -- no one knows how -- we start believing it.  This story shapes what we see and hear.  We interpret everything through it, make it fit the story. I started our story when I gave you the history of Hill House. You've added to it.  That's what this experiment has all been about.  That's what it was about, the experiment's over.  I'm pulling the plug.  This is my fault.
And they're all locked together in here... and he won't let go of them!
Nell... please, Nell... take a deep breath...
I don't know.  A lullaby I guess. My mother used to hum it to me. And her mother before that, and so on.  Hugh Crain, would you care to dance?
What is that tune?
It doesn't matter.  Even if they're tormenting me, someone wants me.  What I do with this is up to me.  I can be a victim, or I can be a volunteer.  And I want to be the volunteer.
I don't know.
Why?
Someone is playing with you.
Sure.
You'll never see it again.  Mr. Dudley's taking care of it.  I'm sorry, Nell.  Can I show you something you'd like to see?
Welcome Home.
It was.
It was a stupid thing to do.
I don't know.
Let's say it wasn't you.  Who did it?
I wish I were.  I wish I had done it, then I could confess and you'd be at peace.  That great moral philosopher Frank Sinatra once said to someone he loved, I wish you had an enemy, so I could beat him up.
Are you coming to confess?
No you're not.  Something moved you.  You saw something.
I'm sorry.  I'm messing up the study.
Hmm.
I got more scared.
And then what happened?
Yes.
Like she smelled it too?
I looked at Theo.  She had a look on her face.
What happened after you smelled it?
I wasn't thinking about my mother's bathroom.
So... smell... is... Smell is the sense that triggers the most powerful memories.  And a memory can trigger a smell.
In the bathroom in my mother's room, the toilet was next to an old wooden table.  It smelled like that wood.
All right...
It was very specific.
What did it smell like?
That smell... oh, God.
Nell!  What's wrong?
For an American you do a good imitation of the British at their most apologetic.  Pardon me.  Excuse me, sorry, sorry...
Sorry.
How do you feel about Luke's suggestion that it was just the old plumbing?  Water hammer, something like that?
Theo I think.  You've asked us that three times, Doctor Marrow. What's going on?
The cold sensation.  Who felt it first?
But there's a sad catch to the story.
All the carvings.
Yes, because someone was always keeping me awake.  Ever since I was little.  That was my job.  I took care of my mother and I had to be there for her all night long, and she woke up all the time.  And after she died, well, it's been a few months, but I still, I still wake up, it's... a habit.  I know we've only known each other a couple of hours, but I'm really glad to be with people who let me talk about this.  I'm really happy to be here with you.
You wrote that you had trouble sleeping.
Well... we're glad to have you.
I'm really... honored to be part of this study, Jim.
Nell.  Good enough.  And I'm Jim.
You can call me Nell, Dr. Marrow.
Eleanor, how was the drive?
There were no children.  Rene died, and <u>then</u> Hugh Crain built all of this, and then he died. His heart was broken.
What happened?
Yes.  It's perfect, isn't it?
This is where we're going?
That?  That's Hill House.
What's this?  What's this... this picture?
Good.
Here's how they're organized. Groups of five, very different personalities: scored all over the Kiersey Temperament Sorter just like you asked for.  And they all score high on the insomnia charts.
Because it's my phone.  Yes... Mrs. Dudley, just leave the boxes inside, thank you.  See you soon.  Thank you.
How'd I know it was for you?
Yes, this is Doctor Marrow.
Test it.
You hear the vibrations in the wire.  There's a magnetic pulse in the wires, you feel it.  I could test it.
You're going to publish, he's going to perish... And why did you hire me for this?
What?
You know what he's really upset about?
But the experiment was a failure.
I'm a scientist.  I just conducted an experiment.  Now I have to write it up.
I'm not going back to New York City.  I'm going to find an apartment with a little flower garden, where you can just see the ocean and at night, when the wind comes in just right, you can hear the sound of the harbor.  What about you?
Nell, what do we do?
Oh God, we can't get out!
No.  If he's lost somewhere in the house... he'll have to stay lost until tomorrow, until the night is over.  What we have to do now is be together, with Nell.
He's wandering around the house, and Nell heard him.  She thought it was ghosts.  Let's go look for him again.
I'll take her with me to the University tomorrow.  I can't believe I read the test wrong.  I didn't see anything that looked like she was suicidal.
She needs help.
Yes.  But I promised I wouldn't let her alone the whole night.
Is she asleep?
How could you do this to people?
Your fear of him was real.  That's all the ghost anyone needs.
It's okay... we're all here...
Get a blanket!
Mary came with me.
Maybe they're Mary's.
Good morning, Theo.  Luke.
Well this is a cozy breakfast.
Every day.  Basically we'll be hanging out together like we have so far this evening.
When do we take the tests?
No, but Nell's been here longer than I have.
Have either of you seen David Watts?
Can't say.  Haven't been here that long.  Well, it's Labor Day, gotta get to work.
Why?
She was unhappy.
Yes.
Why'd she kill herself?
Why?
Rene Crain.  Up there.  Rope. Ship's hawser.  Hard to tie. Don't know how she got it.
Who?
That's where she hanged herself.
Mrs. Dudley'll be waiting for you.
Is there something about the house?
That's a good question.  What is it about fences?  Sometimes a locked chain makes people on both sides of the fence just a little more comfortable.  Why would that be?
Why do you need a chain like that?
I'm with Dr. Marrow's group.  I'm supposed to check in with Mrs. Dudley up at the house.  Is she here?
Yeah, I'm Mister Dudley, the caretaker.  What are you doing here?
Are you Mister Dudley, the caretaker?
Me?  No.  What are you doing here?
Oh!  You scared me.
What do you want?
No one will come any nearer than that.
No one could.  No one lives any nearer than town.
-- no one could.  No one lives any nearer than town.  No one will come any nearer than that.  In the night.  In the dark.
Why would we --
It's a job.  I keep banker's hours.  I set dinner on the dining room sideboard at six.  You can serve yourselves.  Breakfast is ready at nine.  I don't wait on people.  I don't stay after dinner.  Not after it begins to get dark.  I leave before dark comes.  We live in town.  Nine miles.  So there won't be anyone around if you need help.  We couldn't even hear you, in the night.
Well, I've never lived with beauty.  You must love working here.
I've seen 'em.  Lot to dust.
They're so beautiful.  Aren't they?
So far.
Mrs. Dudley.
It's make the soup or answer the door.  Can't do both.
Then let's go get you one.
Oh, Theo.  You know I don't have an apartment.
Just had to be sure.
What'd you come back for, babe?
Come on!  Why are we waiting?
They're all in here.  All the ones he killed.  They're just children! We have to help them!
I do.
I don't think I want any.
I'm going to stay with you until you fall asleep.  And then I'm going to get some brandy.
-- but the painting!
Nell, it makes sense.  It all makes sense.  You and I, we were scaring each other, working each other up.
This is real, I'm not making it up!  Theo, you saw it!  You were there -- the banging and last night.  You, you all saw the painting!
Carolyn showed me where she hid him, hid him with all the ones he killed --
Nell, what happened?
Because I don't want to ruin things.  Because home is where the heart is.
Then who is?  Come on, Nell.  Deep down, if you really thought it wasn't Jim, why wouldn't you be leaving right this second?  Why wouldn't you be afraid?  Really afraid.
-- What do you think?
Marrow said the same thing as last night, he <u>says</u> --  -- that he checked with Mrs. Dudley.  And he says that she told him that all the fireplaces in the West Wing connect to the main chimney.  He says that he thinks that the flue was open, and with the windstorm, he says that what probably happened was some kind of freak air current --
Okay.
I think so.
Are you sure?
I'm trying.  Have you ever kept something to yourself because you were afraid it'd ruin things.
My place isn't like yours, Nell, it doesn't have a view of sea.  It doesn't have a view of anything. What's interesting about the way I live is what goes on inside the walls.  Living with me... My boundaries aren't very well defined, Nell.  Do you know what I mean?
I don't know, you know...
You want to move to New York, you want to move in with me?
I have a loft.
I'll take that as a compliment.  In the city, what kind of place do you live in?
Me too.  Although I learned one thing about you, that you don't know about yourself.  You can be a pretty decent bitch.
I'm sorry I was mad at you, Theo.
Red.  What else?
Well?
I've never had a pedicure before.
Just think about one thing right now: What color?
I don't know what to think anymore.
Well, it wasn't me.  Mister Dudley had to clean it and he knows that he's in charge of all the messes so why would he make more work for himself and...  You said the Good Doctor was with you.
Before he painted your name over Mister Crain.
There's hundreds of them.  This must be a record of the children who died at the mills, like Luke said.
That's so sad.
I don't know.  You've been alone for a long time, maybe you want attention.  Maybe he did it...
Why?
Maybe you did it yourself.
Theo... Did you?
No, it's getting worse.
Is it over?
Maybe he never came in.  If he'd come in, he would have left his bags at the door, right?  Or maybe he got here early, and went for a walk, and fell.  Maybe he's outside.
David?
David?  David Watts?  Can you hear us?  David!  Daviiiiid!
David.
What's his first name?
Watts?
Two sets.  I don't know.  Maybe they're not even his.
How could he have left without his keys?
I guess.  Oh, your hair!  It looks good.
Yes.  I feel realy rested, too. Theo?
You know it wasn't a joke, Theo.
If this was some sort of joke, I'm going to kill him.
You, too.  Happy tossing and turning.
Good night, Theo.
No.  The world has missed you.
Yes.  I've missed it.
You've been out of the world for a long time, haven't you?
The Taj Mahal wasn't a palace, it was a tomb.  Why didn't he tell us?
A monster?  But he built this for the woman he loved, like the Taj Mahal.
You're okay.
I love this house.  I really love this house.
I know.
Jeez.
I don't have anyone.  But I do have a little apartment of my own.  It has a little flower garden.  You can just see the ocean.  At night, when the wind comes in just right, you can hear the buoys in the harbor.
A blank canvas!  I could paint your portrait, directly on you. Or maybe not.  So, you?  Husbands? Boyfriends?  Girlfriends?  Where do you live?
No.
My boyfriend thinks so, my girlfriend doesn't.  If we could all live together... but... they hate each other.  It's hard to be Miss Perversity when you're the only one at the party.  D'you know what I mean?
Ohh, sure, you have trouble with commitment.
Don't tell me Boston is different from New York.
Not really.
That depends.
I'm between jobs right now.  My last job... it... the person I was working for... the job ended. Over.  So... And you?
What do you do?
That's why we're here.
Don't worry, I probably won't be in here much.  Light sleeper.
I don't know what you mean.
Wait.  You're not wearing that ironically?  This is really you?
It's all I could afford.
That'd be seventy in New York. You stole it!
Fifteen dollars.
What did it cost?
This?  It's from a thrift shop.
And what you're wearing, that's great, too.
Because --
Why not?
No.
We can't find ...  ... two of our guys.
We think?
We think someone is here.
I sure hope so.
Just feels like the car behind has been following us the longest time.
The freeway's faster, but lacks a certain majesty.
Nothing.  I guess it's hard to pass on this road.
What's the matter?
All your life.  That happened while I swam the length of my pool.
I've lived in L.A. all my life, I've never done this drive.
I'm a gracious host.
Hey, I thought you weren't a buffet person.
It must've been a time.  A golden moment.
We all did.
I like the colors.
Sure.
Not who, food.  Should we get Italian.
Who?
Italian.
I'm sorry.
Italian?
Oh, god.
That's what Gordon's always saying.
For some, eating is a sensual experience. <u>The</u> sensual experience.
It's just fuel to me.  I'm not there for distractions.
You demand to be served.  A fork fetishist.
I don't like do-it-yourself cuisine. Buffets.  Salad bars.
Like you.
I'm not into finger foods.  Too fussy.
Why?
Anything but Japanese.
What kind of food?
As soon as you get dressed.
It's an observation.  Like:  I'm hungry. When are we eating?
It's not a compliment.
It's not a knock.
I'm so glad we're having this chat.
No.  You're not specific enough to be a person.  You're more like a vibe.
I'm not.
Well, you're certainly not a person.
Am I a thing?
I'm loyal to things that make me happy.
Not for you, clearly.
Is that a problem?
Is it possible that you're too young to be acquainted with the idea of loyalty?
Then what good is he?
Gordon?  He's been with me for years. He's not as tough as he looks.
I <u>want</u> to know why you <u>need</u> that scary guy in your house.
Is there anything in the world that you want or need?
Could be worse, he could've named you Reticulum.
I used to hate it.  Now I like it.
Adhara.  I told your father, if you're looking for a name, you can't go wrong with a constellation.
That's why I'm letting you take care of this.  I'm the one with appearances to maintain.  But who gives a shit about you?  Not even God.
Fuck you, Mr. whatever-your-name is. This is a lifestyle I embrace.
See, a successful man like me has limitations -- I lose touch at a street level.  So I have to depend on a smart boy like you who's closer to the nitty and the gritty than I am.
This is un-fucking professional.
I'll point you in the right direction, but you'll have to take it to the end- zone.  He's a hit-and-run gunman -- I figure he's not cruising the Polo Lounge.
What shit is this.  I just do it.  I don't prepare it.
When you find the guy, you'll know.
Where do we go?
Same as last time -- the rest after.
Okay.
How'd you like to kill someone for me?
Not bad.
How they goin', kid?
Come over here.
Hey.
Well, can we make it one more.  Nowhere the fuck near me.
There's already gonna be talk about how people close to you keep falling into canyons.
You think I'm staying?
You could use a few of my prime shitkickers up here.
No.  I mean.  Not even your people should be involved.  Right?  It's too close now.
We'll find him.
Where do <u>you</u> think he is, Mike.
I don't know everyone here.  He was so traumatized he split.  Maybe he was Gordon's <u>pusher</u>.
And where is this guest?  Don't they want to interview him.
As it happens.  I didn't make that part up.
Heavier than that now.  But are there any drugs in that stomach to back up your story.
I mean, Gordon must weigh a good four hundred pounds.
What did you tell them.
Why, because you're my security consultant?  This cocksucker nearly burnt my house down.
You should have let me do the talking.
Well, either they have a very liberal work-release program, or he's out, because he's here in L.A., looking for you.
I thought he was in prison, in England.
No, Terry.  They don't work like that. Jenny Wilson's father paid a little visit, left a message.
Our black friends?
What the papers used to call a "gangland slaying."
What kind?
There's been some trouble downtown.
What.
I saw your mother on the Strip last night.  She went up to three guys, said she'd like 'em to stick one in each, know what I mean?
Huh?
I wouldn't talk.
Fuck you.
Let him break - he likes to break.
You broke last time.
No problem.  If <u>you</u> don't have a problem with me reporting this gun stolen.
Yeah?
I can take care of the paperwork.
Packs a punch, but it's compact, has accessible features -- makes a nice concealed-carry piece.
Been to the Boat Show.
You're in gun country now, my friend.
Just luck, this, really.  Never been to one of these before.
You came to the right place, sir.  My wife's second cousin is English.  Well, Scotch-Irish.  Can I interest you in a holster?
England.  Only, we saw there was a show on, thought I might pick something up for a price, type of thing.
Oh really?  Where you from?
Close Quarters Combat.  Keep one in my own home.
CQ what?
Yes, sir.  Won't find a better CQC on the market.
What'd you call that -- the Protector?
That's a high-end item.  Total reliability.
Lookin' good.
Man knows what he likes.
The lot.  The whole British bloody Post Office.  I had a brilliant plan -- all worked out -- work of genius, it was. Could I get anybody interested?  No -- they're too busy pinching orange squash from the milkman.  Lazy sods.  Jumble sale on in Watford, they'll be up at the crack of dawn.
What post office?
Useless gits.  I was gonna do the Post Office once.
Yeah, I suppose.  Call 'em that, yeah. Down the boozer Saturday night.  Meet some of the lads.
Do you have any friends, man?
Again?
I've been wondering something.
You think a fuckin' guy like that ever will?  What more do you want, man?
He's gotta know why.
Too easy?
That would be too easy.
Why didn't you just kill him, you had the chance.
You steady on, man.  What the fuck else did you do back there.
Steady on.
One thing I need.
You goin' back inside?
Bring the motor around.  Bang out in front, right?
Faith.
What are we standing on?
First in, first out, that's me.
No one else is even here yet.
Well, that's what we're doin', n' it.
I thought you just wanted to check out the house, man.
Valets, eh?  Aren't we all la-de-da.
<u>Valets</u>.  They park cars.  He's having a party.
Valets.  What d'ya mean valets.  What is he, then, the Earl of fucking Doncaster?
Those aren't guards.  They're valets.
What's so fucking funny?
See what I mean?  Wearing bloomin' uniforms n' all.
That was one of them?
They look a right load of wallies. Patrolling back and forth outside the gate, all ponced up like the fuckin' Household Cavalry.  Watch it.
Has he?
Extra muscle.  Bodyguards.
What?
He's brought in the heavy mob.
Huh?
Butcher's hook.  Look.  I don't much reckon those minders of his.
Who'd you butcher at the house?
Gate's open.  I had a butcher's at the house.
Told you you wouldn't be able to see through that gate.
Oh, Jenny was in my acting class.
How'd the two of you hook up, then?
No, no -- Jenny used to work as a waitress.  Before she met him.  But that's not where she met me.  Not in my restaurant.
And that's where you met Jenny.
He came in with Jenny to the restaurant where I work.  That's not where they met.
Hang about.  I thought you said he come into the restaurant where you worked with Jenny.
Jenny told me she met him at the beach. Got blinded by his smile.  You believe that shit?  Son of a bitch never smiled at me.  Buried her at a "private" service.  Private for who. Him?
Well, there you are.  Jen must've liked him.
Five years, I think.  Long time.
It's only insurance.  Can't be too careful.  This Terry Valentine, he's probably a wonderful fella.  They were together how long?
Now what.  You gonna take your new arsenal, go visit Terry Valentine, just like that?  Boom bam boom.
Fucking out of order, that.  Shouldn't be allowed.
You hadda show up on a weekend.  This weekend.  Wouldn't've even been a gun show ... for another month.
I mean, it's already a steal, n'it -- what you said -- four hundred for this one?
Not me, man.
No.  Not at all.  Do we?
Don't have time for a lot of paperwork, y'know.  Just popped over on a quick visit.
He don't have a concealed weapons permit.
Travelling on a dodgy passport, n' all.
Probation?  Man, you crazy.  They shouldn't've let you outta your country, much less prison.
Sod that.  Gotta get back before my probation officer wonders where I've skived off to.
Are you a resident of California? You gonna fill out forms, man?  Do the background check?  Go through a three-day waiting period?
Thought perhaps there'd be dispensing machines, you know.  Bung in your coins, come out with a .44 Magnum, fully-loaded.
These are not guys you can just go run a number on, man.
What do I do, then, look in the bleedin' Yellow Pages?
You're kiddin' me, right?
But that's not me anymore.  That's when I was into the gang lifestyle.  That's not who I am now.  Five years in the joint -- that's it for me, man.
Nick's a nick, n' it?  No matter what state you're in.  State of remorse, most likely -- for gettin' caught.
I already told you, man.  Corcoran.  Know what that is?  State prison.
I think you didn't get that lot in the Navy, doing your National Service.
Not me, man.  I'm no drug dealer, what you think.
Who'd Jenny get it off of -- this grass or whatever?
She didn't know what to say.  I thought someone should say something. To someone.  With me it was, I don't know -- Jenny liked me for some reason.  I felt like I owed her.
She didn't write to me, did she.
You should talk to Elaine.  That was her best friend.
Those streets up in the hills, man. Gotta be real careful, keep your eye on the ball.  Two o'clock in the morning, it's dark, your mind is all agitated, you're drivin' a little too fast ...  Those curves don't kid around.
Nah, coppers don't do nothing, do they.
What you gonna do, man?  You gonna go to the cops?
Valentine wasn't even there.  If he was into something, if she was involved -- who can say.  But I'll tell you something.  She stood in front of these dudes, man.  Eyeballing <u>them</u>.  Checking <u>them</u> out.  I felt like she was covering <u>my</u> ass that day.
Did Jenny know?
Bad place, man.  Bad people.  Some guys loading some trucks.  Some kinda deal goin' down.  I don't know and I don't care.  Maybe they're shipping fava beans to Eskimos.
Where abouts?
That's what I thought, man.  But it was not a hotel or nothin' that we went to. It was someplace else.
What, tryin' to catch him with another bird?
I only asked.
I go to work, try to keep my life together, put all that shit behind me, man.  What d'you want from me.
You kiddin', man?  I don't need a wife and screamin' kids.  I still got my youth.
This ain't your lot?
I knew when I was droppin' that letter into the mail slot it was gonna come back and smack me in the face.  I did my time, okay?  My sister, her ol' man's up in Chino right now doin' eight years.
Y'what?
Boomerang.
I dunno ... Maybe they do.
No, not my girl.  Self-control, she had. Point of pride.  And people don't change, do they.
Coulda happened to anyone, man.  I never knew her to be reckless.  I mean, sure, she would smoke a little grass, or something, have a few drinks.  But that's it, nothing more than that.
I'm just sayin' -- it was a steep hillside.  There was no moon that night ...
What more is there.
I dunno.  What's he gonna say?  They had a fight that night, she drove away, she was upset?  I don't even know the guy. Don't get me wrong, Jenny and me were friends, but we didn't travel in the same social circles.  She had her life, I had mine.
Valentine.  What's he got to say for himself?
Terry Valentine.
This bloke she was bunked up with.  This Terry what'sit.
No, but between the lines, eh? Mysterious circumstances, and that.
I never said nothin' about nothin' like that.  No, no, no.  That's not what I wrote to you.
Snuffed her.
Huh?
Who done it, then?
It was better than a telegram.
I didn't even know who I was writing to -- just someone with the same last name. She never talked about any family.
Round about, yeah.
I mean, what has it been -- six months?
No reason.
I didn't expect anyone.
You're home, then.
Eduardo.  Rama.
Edward Rama?
I'd rather be with him than without him. I don't want to be found dead in L.A.
I thought maybe you just came for the ride.
Hard to miss.
... Reminds me of Jennifer.
No, but I know what he means.
Hey, Elaine.  You even know what he's saying half the time?
Hell, no.  I started writing.
You just cooking then?
Not no more, they ain't.  I quit that acting shit, man.
Well, those are the breaks.
Didn't get it.
Really.
I was gonna be in that Michael Mann movie, you know -- with Pacino and DeNiro.  Got three callbacks.
Probably.
Last time I saw you, weren't you up for some equity-waiver thing?
Uh-huh.
Same.
Not much -- you?
What d'you say, Elaine?
Too bleeding true, 'n' it.
You're just on a higher plane, Wilson.
Poor baby.
You can't count on very many people, that's the trouble.  Number of times a decent job's been cocked up ...
Friends and <u>colleagues</u>.
Bloke told me.
How do you know?
That's where Valentine's scarpered.
What's in Big Sur?
Never thought of that.  Busman's holiday.
I could use a vacation.  Of course, I keep forgetting, for you this <u>is</u> a vacation.
Fancy it?
I don't know -- few hours, I guess.
How far?
Up the coast.
Where's Big Sur?
I know that.  But as time went on ... well, it <u>wasn't</u> a joke, was it?  She had a feeling about it -- about the last job -- how long I'd get the hook for.  Said she wouldn't be there this time when I got out.
She never would have turned you in, not in a million years.
She used to tell me she'd turn me in.  Little kid.  Ten year old.  "If you're naughty, Dad, I'll tell on ya."  She didn't want me sent down again, see. When I was planning some job.  "I'll tell 'em, Dad, I promise I will.  Here, look, I'm calling the Old Bill right now" -- picking up the telephone.  I can see her, the phone in her hand.  Became a sort of joke between us.  Only it wasn't a joke.
Still, you could never ... do what she wanted.
Well, she twigged by the time she was eight or nine that daddy wasn't in the Royal Marines or doing scientific research in the jungles of Borneo or playing Iago in a worldwide tour of OTHELLO.
She told me you were a ghost in her life. Daddy the friendly ghost.  Coming back to haunt her.
Last time might as well've been the first.  I remember all the times, don't I.  Watching her grow up --  in increments.
I fiddle it.  They got me down as an immigrant with five kids.
A leech on the welfare state in addition. You don't miss a trick.
I got a steady income -- I'm on the dole.
Do us a favor.  Can't even go have a slash without 'em saying, what're you going in there for?
Minor officials bother you, don't they?
Good luck to him.  He couldn't find his prick if he didn't wear Y-fronts.
Won't he be looking for you about now?
You sound like my fucking probation officer.
I guess you're just habitual.
Black market during the war.
What'd your father do?
Dropped dead in the stalls in the Odeon, Muswell Hill.  Watching Doris Day.
He alive to see this?
Nah -- she was married to me grandad -- he was as bent as a boomerang -- used to make knuckle-dusters down the shop. Crafty old sod.
What about your grandmother?
Not that I recall.
Stick with me, kid.  Looks big when you get here but you can cover it in five minutes.
I've got the hang of the driving.  Found this place all right.
Yeah, well, you're here now --  -- where <u>h</u>urricanes <u>h</u>ardly ever <u>h</u>appen.
I've 'ardly ever left it.
Only in the movies.
You ever been to London?
-- they want Southern, I do Southern, they want Midwest, I do Midwest, they want tall, blonde, and twenty-two, I'm shit out of luck.  One thing I can't do is English. Americans can't.  Shouldn't even try. And Laurence Olivier couldn't do us.
Pushing the legal limit even then.
Honest.  Didn't know where to look till I was 21.
I don't believe it.
It's true.  Has to be said.  I got off to a slow start.
You <u>have</u> been away.  Or is all this just new to you?
Just now?  Overnight?
Overnight.  What about just now?
Get seven years, did you?
Who remembers.
Did you.  What was that in aid of?
I was inside once.  I punched a cop at a demo.
I'll tell ya something:  it made me a model prisoner.  Put me right off any escape attempts.  Tunnel my way to freedom after that experience?  Not bloody likely.
From pursuing your chosen profession.
Hey?
It didn't discourage you, though.
We were <u>lucky</u> to be nicked.  Me and the lads went down there Sunday evening, we weren't discovered till the Monday.  Good job we were still breathing.
You mean if they'd nabbed you before you actually broke and entered you would only have been charged with making a mess.
A jeweller's up the West End.  We tunnelled our way under the shop floor from the public lavatory down the road. Filthy work.  Trouble was, the bloody thing collapsed -- <u>after</u> we'd made the grab, 'n all.  Would you Adam n' Eve it.
What did you do?  To make them take the early 70's away from you.
I can see the attraction.
Still, there have been rewards.  It's sunny.  And some of the producers who call even have credits.
Oh, I was gonna say ...
It's too involved; a lifetime of non- involvement.  Anywhere else I'd be an interesting little number, here I'm just SAG number forty-eight thousand and one.  SAG meaning Screen Actor's Guild.
Tell us about it.
You don't know how I've compromised my standards.
You don't seem bothered.
These more highlights from the Zagat prison guide?
Early 70's.  I was away.  Maidstone.  Possibly Brixton.
This town's been chewing my flesh since ... what we now refer to as "the early 70's."  Christ, my past became nostalgia and no one even asked me.
And how did you get it?
You think Terry gave me access to her things?  Probably sold her clothes.
How did you come to have my address? Found it, did you.  Among her things.
She'd never called me like that before. She sounded more ... pissed off -- angry -- than upset or afraid.  But she never turned up.  I called the house but only got the answer machine.  When they found her ... she'd been going the wrong way. Not the direction she'd have gone if she'd been coming to see me.  Or coming <u>straight</u> to see me.  Who knows.  Maybe she just wanted to drive.
She told you all about my details but not about his.  Lovely.
Jenny was supposed to come to my place that night.  She called me, asked if she could come over.  She and Terry had been -- having some trouble.  Lately.  I don't know about what.  On this occasion, it reached some sort of crisis point.
There's the phone.  You want his number.
I'll bloody well ask him.
On what.  What makes you so certain.
Depends, don' it.
Terry's never going to give you satisfaction.  Not the type.
What do you think.
You don't believe it was a car accident.
What'd you want me to do.  Stay at home, twiddlin' me thumbs.  Doing sweet F.A. [Fuck All].
You fuckin' guys and your dicks.
Have you ever known me not to be.
Are you serious.
Why not.
So what's the deal.  You and Terry Valentine at twenty paces.  Is that what this is about.
-- When he wants someone run down, you're willing to do it for him.
This and that.  Y'know.  Ways and means.
In what capacity are you employed by this Mr. Lindgren?
Anyhow, he's always saying to me, Dave, never run yourself down, son -- 'cause there'll always be plenty of people willing to do it for you.
Right.
Well, not to say Mr. Lindgren is dishonest, exactly.
I thought you said you never did an honest day's work in your life.
Various enterprises, style of thing.
I bet.
Based in London, but with international concerns.
I see.
Proprietor of a London firm.  Of longstanding.
What line is he in.
My employer.
Who's Mr. Lindgren?
-- Mr. Lindgren.
-- Your employer?
Now, you shouldn't run yourself down.  My employer, Mr. Lindgren --
Lives high off the hog and waits for the next big thing.  Like me -- but on a grander scale of failure.
Well, I gathered something from the article what Eddie sent me.  Some sort of pop music producer, wasn't it.
Do you even know who Terry Valentine is?
Eight hours difference between here and London.  Would've been, what, ten in the morning, my time.  I was just coming out on the yard.  Now, I was in the habit of saving my newspaper till then.  Bit of fresh air, stretch me legs -- well, stretch the day out, really, that's what you wanna do.  And I'll tell ya:  I couldn't open the paper.  Could not pry the pages apart -- it was like they was glued together.  That's how weak my hands went.  Thought I was having heart attack, only I knew I wasn't.  Bloke come up to me, he says, Dave, he says, you've gone all white.  I said, fuck me, I've been in prison half my life, what d'ya expect. But he was dead on, 'cause I could feel the blood drain right out of me head. And I knew ...  Something had happened to Jen.
That's what was estimated.
I already knew.  Knew beforehand.  When was it supposed to have happened? -- two o'clock in the morning, Eddie said.
Where you get your bank statements.
Something like that, yeah.
What's that, like a P.O. box.
Nah, accommodation address.
The address Jenny gave me, that wasn't a prison, was it?
Nah, we split up when Jenny was six.  Her second husband done a runner after she got sick.  They give me compassionate leave from Parkhurst to go visit her in hospital.  We were always mates, me and Jenny's mum.  I like to think they're together again now.  Y'know.  Heavenly choir.
Were you still married at the time -- to Jenny's mother, I mean?
Well, don't suppose she did, really, most of her life.  On her own after her mum died.  Aunts and uncles for a time -- and then the bright lights beckoned.
I gave him yours.  Said, here, you want to write, I think this is a relative.  I guess I thought I was being true to Jenny.  Who told me she didn't have a father -- before proceeding of course to tell me why.
He give me your address.
I should really give him a call.  He's a character, isn't he.  Well, not to you. I meant to us squares in the outside world.
Yeah, saw Eddie, yeah.  Me and him are muckers.
And you've seen Eddie Rama.
Well, I reckoned, Saturday night, if you were goin' out, you'd probably have to come home first.
I might've been away for the weekend.
No, I had -- some other matters to attend to, you know.  Getting a car sorted ...
You haven't been lurking outside my building all day.
Yesterday.  Afternoon.
When did you get in?
She was happy here.  However the two of you might have parted.  Don't think she wasn't.
Footloose and fancy free.
She was twenty-one when she came to me.  ... Straight from leaving you.
In Jenny?  'Course not.  How could I be. 'Course I wasn't.
You weren't disappointed in her, then.
Learnin' 'ow to speak proper.  Central School of Speech and Drama. It's no doddle gettin' in there, y'know. At seventeen.  They offered her a place at RADA n' all, only she'd've had to wait till the next session and she was always in hurry to get on, was Jenny.  She could talk posh without any training, when she was knee-high to a grasshopper.  Show up the old man, you know.
Modelling.
Yeah, well, she started all that in London.
When I'm not honing my craft in episodic television I do double-duty as a voice coach.  Not that her accent would have hobbled her progress.  Not with that look.
How'd you manage that, then.
She never told anyone else.  About the convict strain -- or is it stain?  No, I was privileged.  I was someone who helped Jenny efface her past.
She never told Eddie, though.
Disappointed.
Not ashamed.
Ashamed.
Not embarrassed.
I can't believe Jenny told you all that. About me.  She was always so embarrassed.
I'm sorry.  I guess the rest of us have no excuse for wondering where the time went.  It must've been the bars.
When you've lost as many years as I have, love, puts things in perspective, know what I mean.
Now who's being sarcastic?
Oh, it just ended, then.
Three seasons.  They found that's the limit of human tolerance when it comes to following the adventures of a family of Mormons on the Chisum Trail.  I was wife number three -- the ingenue.
Said it went on for donkey's years.
If it played in England somebody owes me money.  Who told you that -- Eddie?
Weren't you on a television series?
Sarcastic, moi?  Maybe I'll mellow when my ship comes in.  It's expected any day now.  I'm all packed and ready to go.
Here, are you always this sarky?
Sounds like Beverly Hills.
... No, I went in for more improving pastimes.  Philosophy classes, language courses, European history, all that lark. Did you know that in Paris in the Eighteenth Century there were more rats in people's houses than there were people in people's houses.
Try calling me again.
Here, aren't you gonna let me in.
Well, that kind of security can't be bought.  Must be more comforting than a daughter to greet you.
Hardly buried.  Earning interest, love. Earning interest in an offshore account. Tidy little premium per annum, that.
And not with all that buried loot you had waiting for you when you got out.  From the Wembley Staduim job, wasn't it?  Pink Floyd concert receipts.  Jenny would've been ... fourteen at the time?
Sewing mailbags?  Me?  Never did an honest day's work in my life, dear. Wasn't about to start when I was in stir -- not with all that leisure time on my hands.
In any case, I don't suppose the salary you make sewing mailbags is really commensurate with international airline travel.
It was the bars, then.
I heard you were -- what's that adorable phrase? -- "at Her Majesty's pleasure."
What was that, then?
That's not what I heard.
I was skint -- didn't have no money to get here.
It's been a while.
How d'you mean?
Been busy, have you.
Sort a few things out.
No, why did you come here?
Wanted to talk to you, didn't I?
Why did you come here?
She used to pinch 'em off me.  Funny that.  One thing she never tried to get me to stop.
Not her brand.
Perhaps it was the smoke.
You look alike.
Had a feeling it was you.
What am I doing?
And that is?
In which case I'll just do what I usually do.
As you prefer, squire.  As you prefer.
But if you're mad at him too and he's mad at you ... that must make us pals.
Oh, yeah, right.  The deal.
Of the deal, man.
All of what?
He'd already grabbed more than his allotted cut.  Didn't think he'd be so bold as to take all of it.
No, I can reassure you on that point. Valentine was just as surprised by that turn of events as you.
Because that wasn't anything to do with me.  And suspicion has been cast in my direction.  Didn't make any sense.  Choosing those shitheads over me, cutting me out of the deal, then screwing them over too.
Eh?
It was you.  Downtown.
Nothing financial.  Strictly personal.  I can see how all this import-export malarkey might give rise to confusion where I'm concerned.  A foreigner, showing up unexpectedly, like.
So what's your beef, pal?
Yeah.  Shouldn't wonder.  Must've done.
That dude who works for Valentine.  He's the one sent those guys after you.  You know that.
Good job your lot showed up when they did or it would've been <u>me</u> for the high jump.
Yeah, I guess you are.
Your guess is as good as mine, mate.  I'm here on another matter entirely.
But I can't be sure.  I don't even know who he is.  He's too insulated.  Too many layers around him.
I can well believe it.  I'm sure he has done, son.  He's about as straight as a dog's hind leg.
Well, I'll tell you.  I believe this Valentine screwed me out of a fair sum of money.
Look, mush, you're the guv'nor here, I can see that, I'm on your manor now, right.  So there's no need to get out of your pram.  I'm Johnny-come-lately to all this.  Whatever the bollocks between you and this slag Valentine, it's got nothing to do with me.  I don't wanna know.
There's one thing I don't understand.  The thing I don't understand ... is every motherfucking thing you're saying.
He had urgent business in the north.
Where is he now?
He's always been very forward-thinking. He invested wisely.
So you wouldn't have any idea how your client continues to make so much fucking money.
My client is an entrepreneur.  I am his lawyer, not his business manager.
Your client have a deal in Long Beach? How about downtown?  There's some folks there -- oh, wait, they're all dead.  Any of this ring a bell?
Deals?  My client is involved in any number of deals at any given moment. You'd have to be more specific.
A <u>statement</u>?  I wouldn't mind getting a statement.  You see, <u>my</u> client -- the United States Government -- would love to get a statement about a few of the deals going down with your client.
My client has already given a statement regarding yesterday's events.
Valentine had himself a party, I hear.
Yeah.  Cheers, mate.
Yeah.  I really admire the guy.  Well. Good to meet you.
Right.  Chain of respect.  That's good, that.
What I like about Ian, he believes in a chain of command, but not a chain of respect, you understand what I'm saying?
No kidding.
Turned that place completely around.  180 degrees.
Yeah?
That's too bad.  Ian's got a good thing going over there.
Unless I'm not who I think I am.
You sure?
Sorry.  Wasn't me.
I could swear I met you with Ian at the EMI offices in London.
Ian?
Don't you work with Ian?
Yeah.
The ones whose burden you took upon your own shoulders.
But first I gotta give these lads a talking to, these geezers what sent me up the river, in a manner of speaking.
Could do, yeah.
Sounds like you need a rest.
I had to, didn't I.  Nothing else for it. Then just when I'd finished my nine years -- my contract -- wallop, I had to bugger off to the States.
But you stuck it out, anyway, all that time.
Well, time off for good behavior, you know.  I shouldn't have even been there -- it was these other blokes who shoulda gone in my place.  I got lumbered with the job they were responsible for.  I don't mind pulling me own cart, but not someone else's, know what I mean.
Nine years?  Is that legal?
Out on a oil rig.  In the North Sea. Nine years.
Where else?
Been away a lot.
No rest for the wicked.
Yeah.  Another little matter needs attending to soon as I return.
You'll be looking forward to getting back, then.
You're a reluctant traveller, then.
I would have preferred staying home, me.
I can never decide what I like better. Leaving home, or coming back.
Yeah, that's right.
While they're all fucking each other over ... couple of parties like us could move right in.
How we gonna get that lucky?
Drugs?  Cash?  Both if we're lucky.
What's in it?
I don't know who that English guy is. Some kind of --  -- courier or something.  Maybe a seller. Maybe a buyer.  But Mr. <u>Avery</u> wanted him, those jigs wanted him -- and I betcha there's a briefcase somewhere.
I don't get it.
"He ain't wrong."  Listen, I know this asshole who <u>did</u> just go to work for him. Full-time.  And this dickhead's parents just told me he took a road trip up the coast.  <u>That's</u> the type of individual gets hired, someone who'll shoot his mouth off to his family while on the job.
Well, we blew it, didn't we?  He ain't wrong.
Like he'd never hire me for real.  Not week-to-week.  I don't have the credentials.  He thinks I'm just a sociopath, someone he can turn to when he needs "plausible denial."
Like what.
You bet.
You do?
I happen to know more about Mr. Whatever- his-name-is than he thinks I know about him and his operation.
What?
Something's on.
There is?
There's more than a measly few grand in this.
We coulda used the other two-and-a-half grand.
Lemme break.
Straight rotation, no shit, call your shot.
Any happier than any other asshole in life.
What d'you mean, any happier?
And I said so what.  You think she's any happier?
I dunno.  I just said she's nice lookin'.
So what.
She's nice lookin'.
That don't mean nothin'.
Avery said she was tight with his daughter.
Maybe she doesn't even know the English guy.
The L.A.P.D.
I don't know.
Two blacks and a Mexican in a car.  Who's driving?
Why don't they have TV shows about people whose daily lives you'd be interested in watching.  Y'know.  Like SKINNY LITTLE WEAKLING.  Or BIG FAT GUY.  SICK OLD MAN. FAMILY OF LOSERS.  Wouldn't that be good?
Looks like they just airbrushed the dick out of his mouth.
Kinda makes you wonder why more people don't put a bullet through their fuckin' skulls, doesn't it.
... you can always tell the ones who'll do anal.
Very attractive.  Good idea.  Now I <u>really</u> want to fuck you.
Jesus, are you gay enough or what.
Good luck.
Ever take a look at the women who work in pet stores?  Wow.
The forever kind.
Which kind?
Yeah.
Makin' trouble for someone?
I got half.
Hey.
Five thousand.
How much.
Listen, get the fuck out of here before you get hurt.  Who the fuck do you think you are, waltzing in here, asking questions?
Where is he, then?
What do you think?
Is Valentine here?
Yeah.  I know her, all right.  She came down here once, stirred up a shitstorm. We lost a full day's work, took me weeks to get back on schedule.  If she hadn't a' been Terry's woman I would've broke her jaw.  'Course, she's nobody's problem now.
You know her?
Jennifer Wilson.
I have a message for him.  About Jennifer Wilson.
So why would he want to see you.
I doubt it.
He's expecting you?
Looking for a bloke named Valentine. Know him?
You walked.  What the hell are you doing here.
Walked.
How'd you get in here.
That's right, your life is Shit, and I'm to blame.  It's that simple.
It's been five minutes and I'm packing to leave again.  I can't believe this.
Go now.
Who's looking for you?
In a couple of days this whole thing --
Are you finished?
Go to him.  Go to his studio, or writers workshop or artists colony, Esselin retreat, nudist camp --
You know I don't live with him.
Is he here?
-- You know his name is Frank.
Where's ... what's-his-name -- Fred --
Susan.
Surely you can think of somewhere else to take one of your chippies for a quick getaway.
No trouble.
What kind of trouble are you in?
Sure you do.
I don't want you here, Terry.
You've made it ... brighter.
They're at college.  Or doesn't your accountant even tell you where the money goes anymore.
I miss my kids.
Since when?
Exercising my visitation rights.
What are you doing here?
Hello there.
<u>Why</u> then.  Why did you do it!
She could've had the deal!  I would've handed it to her if she wanted.  I would have given her everything.
About Jenny.  Tell me about Jenny.  About the <u>deal</u>.  Whatever fucking deal you had to kill my daughter for when she found out about it, you bastard.
Tell you ...
Tell me.
What.
Be seein' you.
Thanks.  You, too.
Oh, I think a shake-up was in order. Definitely.  Otherwise, people get lazy, don't they?  Forgetful.  Start thinking they can get away with things.  Gotta shake 'em up now and again, make 'em pay attention.
I suppose that's good, unless things were fine the way they were.
Great bloke.  Really turned things around there.  180 degrees.
I don't.
You must know Ian.
Ah.
EMI in London.  I work with Ian.
Have we met?  There's something I can't quite --
Pleasure.
Sometimes knowledge is a curse, Ed. After this happened, things changed. Big Dave... he never touched me again.
Ann, will you come in, sit down, maybe have a drink?
The government knows. I cannot repeat it to you. But this thing goes deep, Ed. This was not your wife. I goes deep, and involves the government. There is a great deal of fear. You know how certain circles would find it--the knowledge--a threat. They try to limit it, and--
Ann--
A spacecraft. I saw the creatures. They led Big Dave onto the craft. He never told anyone what they did, outside of his report. Of course he told *me*. No one else.
Ann--
At night, there were lights--we both saw them. We never told anyone, outside of our official report.
...Yes?
We went camping last summer. In Eugene, Oregon. *Outside* of Eugene, Ed.
Yes?
And you should tell Doris...
Yes, Ann?
Oh, I know. Don't worry, Ed. I came to tell you...
Of course, you know, Doris had nothing to do with it. Nothing at all.
Yes. Thank you.
...I'm so sorry about your loss.
Ann. Will you come in?
Hello, Ed.
Please, Mr Crane, it's OK, please--
...No, please.
It's OK...
Birdy--
...I wanted to make you happy.
But I do appreciate it, Mr Crane...
...I guess I've been all wet.
Huh. Yeah. Maybe...
You're an enthusiast.
Huh.
I'm only sorry that I didn't play better for you. I know it would've made you happy. You know what you are?
Ah... it's nothing.
I do appreciate the interest you've taken, though.
...Uh-huh.
...I'm not certain I'll have a career at all, and if I do, I'll probably be a veterinarian.
But it doesn't matter. Really, I'm not interested in playing music professionally.
I'm sure there's a dozen teachers better than this clown. More qualified. Goddamn phony.
It doesn't matter, Mr Crane.
Look, I'm no expert, but--
But more or less.
He didn't say that.
...I stank, didn't I?
Just see him, as a favor to me.
Geez, Mr Crane.
I know you haven't. Look, just go meet him as a favor to me. I talked to this guy. Hope I pronounced his name right. He sounded very busy, but he's not a bad egg; he loosened up a little when I told him how talented you are. He agreed to see you this Saturday. He said maybe you were a diamond in the rough. His words.
Geez, Mr Crane, I don't know. I hadn't really thought about a career or stuff.
I have to do it. I can't stand by and watch more things go down the drain. You're young, you don't understand.
Oh, Mr Crane--
You've got talent, anyone could see that. And he's the best. If he thinks a student has talent, he'll take 'em on for next to nothing. You're a cinch to be accepted, I could cover the cost of the lessons, like I said, it's pretty modest--
Boy.
That's swell. However, the music, if you want to pursue it, well, the lessons from Mrs Swan, they'll only take you so far. There's this guy in San Francisco, I've made inquiries, everybody says he's the best. Trained lots of people who've gone on to have big concert careers, symphony orchestras, the works. His name is Jacques Carcanogues. I'm not sure I'm pronouncing it right. Anyway, he's a Frenchman.
Well, sure, I guess. Pop says so too. I work pretty hard at school.
Anyway, uh... my point is you're young. A kid really, your whole life ahead of you. But it's not too soon to start thinking... to start making opportunities for yourself. Before it all washes away.
That's what he keeps telling me.
Sure... Sure, it's his house.
Pop doesn't like people smoking in here.
...or maybe I just haven't played 'em right, I don't know. But you're--
Birdy, I've been doing a lot of thinking. There are a lot of things that haven't worked out for me. Life has dealt me some bum cards...
We've certainly missed you.
Yeah.
We haven't seen you since... I'm terribly sorry.
Hello, Birdy.
Hello, Mr Crane.
Hello, Tony.
Oh, in there? I messed up a little bit in the scherzo. I guess, if nobody noticed, it's OK. Mr Crane, this is Tony, a friend of mine. Tony, Mr Crane.
Hello, Birdy. I thought that was very good.
Hi, Mr Crane.
Beethoven. He created it, and yet he never actually heard it. I suppose he heard it all in his head, somehow.
Who?
He was deaf when he wrote this.
Yeah. Thanks.
I'm so sorry... I was sorry to hear.
Hello, Rachel.
It's OK, I guess. No, I don't really. I'm not big on music, ordinarily.
...You don't like the music out there?
Then you listen to me, for I am expert. That girl, she give me a headache. She cannot play. Nice girl. Very clever hands. Nice girl. Someday, I think, maybe, she make a very good typist.
Well, look, I don't claim to be an expert--
...she can go up there.
Ah, but that is just what I cannot teach. I cannot teach her to have a soul. Look, monsieur, play the piano, is not about the fingers. *Done* with the fingers, yes. But the music, she is inside. Inside, monsieur...
I don't understand, no mistakes, she's just a kid--I thought you taught the, uh, the--
Mistake, no, it says E-flat, she plays E-flat. Ping-ping. Hit the right note, always. Very proper.
Did she make mistakes?
Is not so hard to understand. Her playing, very polite.
I don't understand.
Ze girl?... She seems like a very nice girl. She *plays*, monsieur, like a very nice girl. Ztinks. Very nice girl. However, ztinks.
Well? How'd she do?
...Mm.
Ah.
Well, I don't pretend to be an expert.
Ah yes, a music lover.
Uh-huh.
I speak to you on ze phone, non? You have a special interest in music?
No. Uh... family friend.
...You are ze fahzer?
OK.
And I've never been asked--Look, you want the dough back? You know who I am! You--
All right.
*Screw* you--Jesus! Take it to a lawyer! No, I insist! This is *dry* cleaning, this is not some fly-by- night thing here! I must say, I've been an entrepreneur for thirteen years and I've never--
...You're not gonna screw me on this?
Look, uh... Creighton...
Well, there it is. Writ large in legal escriture, next step is--
Uh-huh.
...Yeah, that's it. As per our discussion.
Yeah, good. Lemme just, uh...
That'll be fine.
...Just a second here, I'll give you a receipt on the, uh... Whoa, Nellie... Oh, by the way, we didn't talk about this, I, uh, I think I'm gonna call the place Tolliver's, after me, you know, I didn't think you were much interested in, uh--
Yeah, screw 'em, huh? Pay 'em to tangle it up and then you pay 'em to untangle it, what's the point?
It's OK.
Pretty straightforward, but I don't know if you wanna show this stuff to a lawyer--
Yeah.
I got the paperwork here. Partnership papers here, they reflect our agreement: fifty-fifty on the net, I supply professional services, you supply the capital. I'll give you a receipt on the dough there, huh?
Sure.
...Usually we do this kind of thing with a bank draft. But cash--that's fine--it's all the same in the end-- dough's dough, huh?
Cash?!
Cash.
...You bring a check?
Yeah.
Right! Strictly business.
Way out of line.
No problem!
You're out of line, mister.
Maybe.
...Was that a pass?
Ed.
...it just goes to show, when one door slams shut, another one opens. Here's to ya, uh...
Well, I'll be damned. The barber! And I thought this trip was a bust. Well...
I'll have it in a week.
Fifty-fifty, straight down the line. You and me. Finance and expertise. So--you've got the dough then, do ya?
And how do we share--
Do? Hell, nothing. Well, you'll want to keep tabs on your investment, of course, but I'm looking for a silent partner. I've done the research, I've contacted the vendors, the deal is set. I'm just looking for venture capital, friend. Disappear if you want, check in whenever you like--I want the dough; I don't take attendance.
What's involved, aside from putting up the money? What're you looking for the partner to do?
Sure.
No. I--tell me--
Come in, come in, siddown over there. Coffee?
I can get it, yeah.
You got the dough?!
No. I might be interested in that, uh, business proposition--
...I didn't recognize you without the smock. Did I--damn--did I leave something at the shop?
Jesus! The barber! I'll be a sonofagun. Why didn't you say so? 'Course--the barber.
I'm, uh, I'm--the barber.
Sorry, friend, I, uh, you got me at a disadvantage.
...Ed Crane. Remember? Today?
That's right! Dry cleaning--remember the name. It's going to revolutionize the laundry industry, and those that get in early are gonna bear the fruit away. All I need is $10,000 to open my first store, then I use its cash flow to finance another, and so on-- leap frog, bootstrap myself a whole chain. Well, me and a partner. Cleanliness, friend. There's money in it. There's a future. There's room to grow... Say, that's looking pretty good. Let's see it with the hairpiece on...
Huh.
It's called dry cleaning. You heard me right, brother, 'dry cleaning'-- wash without water, no suds, no tumble, no stress on the clothes. It's all done with chemicals, friend, and your garments end up crisp and fresh. And here's the capper: no shrinkage.
That right.
Well, it's the wildest goose there is. Risk money. Very speculative. Except, Ed, in certain situations, it's not, see? I thought I had a prospect here. Well, I make the haul up and this lousy so-and-so tells me his situation has changed--all his capital's gonna be tied up in expansion plans of his own. Thank you, mother! Pop goes another bubble! It's only the biggest business opportunity since Henry Ford and I can't seem to interest a soul!
Uh--
A goose, friend. I was chasing a wild goose. Ed, have you ever heard of venture capital?
I'm not proud of what I did. But *you*.
I, uh...
I'd understand if you'd walked in here. Socked me in the nose. Whatever. I deserved it.
Big Dave--
What kind of man *are* you?
...Huh?
...What kind of man *are* you?
So you paid the guy?
...It ruined me. This money. No annex. I'm all shot to hell.
Come on in.
...Dave?
OK.
I'm at Nirdlinger's. Let yourself in.
Your place?
Please, Ed.
But it's...
Please, Ed.
Embezzling, Ed. From my own goddamn wife!
Mm.
That's my capitalization on the Annex! *My* operation, Ed! Christ almighty. That's what I was just talking to Doris about, a way of getting the money from the store that we could hide from Ann.
...Why don't you just pay him, Dave?
...Oh, Jesus.
He's staying at the hotel I've gone to with, uh, with the lady in question. Must've seen us.
Mm. How, uh... how did he know that--
Well, I guess he don't care that it's obvious.
Would he... it sounds pretty obvious.
The sonofabitch. The blackmailer. It's, uh, it's no one you know. It's a businessman from Sacramento. A goddamn pansy, Ed. He tried to rope me into some crackpot scheme; I heard him out and then told him to go to hell. And the very next day, the very next day, Ed, I get blackmailed for the same amount.
...You know... who *who* is?
$10,000! I don't know what to do, Ed. I don't know what I *can* do. Even though I know who the sonofabitch is.
How much to they want, Dave?
I only work here! And the lady's husband would know... Oh, Jesus.
Uh-huh.
Awkward?! Ann'd throw me out on my keister! Hell, it's her family's store--*her* store. I serve at the indulgence of the goddamn ownership, Ed.
I guess it would be pretty awkward.
Well, you know what that would do to me.
Uh-huh.
Hell, I, I'm not proud of it. But, uh, that's not the worst of it. I got a note. A blackmail note. You know, come across or everybody knows.
Uh-huh.
What is it, Dave?
...Ed, I...
Uh-huh.
Specialty store down in Sacramento.
...Say, where do you get those things anyway?
...Fine. Fine. Well, you might want to drop by the Annex when we open, update your suit--'course, you're in the smock all day.
All right, I guess.
Couldn't be better. These're boom times in retailing. We're opening another store, Big Dave's Annex, there on Garson. This is strictly haberdashery--casual wear, pyjamas, ladies' foundations and undergarments. Matter of fact, I'm thinking of making Doris the comptroller. How're things at the, uh, the barbershop?
How's business, Dave?
She's a rare one.
Mm.
...That's quite a wife you got there.
No, Dave, I wasn't.
...Were you in the service, Ed?
OK. Take your coat, Ann?
How ya doin', Ed?
My wife and I had not... performed the sex act in many years.
...Hell, I hope I've done the right thing.
I, uh... thanks.
Told what?
...Doesn't become a matter of public record unless there's foul play. However. I don't believe I'm *prohibited* from telling you this. I guess I'm not obliged to tell you, either. I don't exactly know.  But if *I* were the man, I'd want to be told.
You sure you don't want something stiffer?
Just coffee.
Rye.
Nah, don't say anything. I'm alright.
...Doris--
I knew we'd pay for it.
Honey...
...My books used to be perfect. Anyone could open them up, make sense of the whole goddamn store.
You don't have to tell me anything.
Should I... should I tell you why?
Don't tell 'em anything. We're getting you Freddy Riedenschneider.
I know all about that. But I don't know how much to tell them.
You don't have to tell them anything. We're getting you a lawyer.
I helped him cook the books, Ed. I did do that.
You don't have to--
...I don't know what happened to Big Dave. I know some of it. Irregularities in my books, they said. Can I explain it.
What happened to you?
I don't know what's going on. I--
How are you?
Honey.
It's just a goddamn bowl of cherries, I'm sure.
Honey...
Life is so goddamn wonderful, you almost won't believe it.
Congratulations, Gina.
'Gratulations, Gina. It's so goddamn wonderful.
I didn't say a word.
...What's so damn strange about that?
Mm.
*That means I don't run Nirdlinger's!*
So?
...Money problems. He's thinking about canceling the Annex.
Ahh...
How's that?
Dave.
Who?
...What a knucklehead.
Oh, don't be a grump.
Nah, go ahead. I'm not big on parties.
Come on, get ready. It's important.
Yeah, right.
Me? Us! The party at Nirdlinger's--I told you last week, for the Christmas Push.
Where you going?
Mm.
Honey?
...My first instinct was, no, no, the whole idea was nuts. But maybe that was the instinct that kept me locked up in the barbershop, nose against the exit, afraid to try turning the knob. What if I could get the money?
...Well, he got his mistrial, but the well had run dry. There was nothing left to mortgage; Riedenschneider went home and the court appointed Lloyd Garroway...
...and inflame the passions of these twelve fine men and women...
...He told them to look at me--look at me close. That the closer they looked the less sense it would all make, that I wasn't the kind of guy to kill a guy, that I was the barber, for Christ's sake...
...who among us is in a position to say...
...how I was too ordinary to be the criminal mastermind the D.A. made me out to be, how there was some greater scheme at work that the state had yet to unravel, and he threw in some of the old truth stuff he hadn't had a chance to trot out for Doris...
...a puny player on the great world's stage...
...I gotta hand it to him, he tossed a lot of sand in their eyes. He talked about how I'd lost my place in the universe...
I tried to tell him the whole story, but Riedenschneider stopped me. He said the story made his head hurt, and anyway he didn't see any way of using it without putting me on the hot seat for the murder of Big Dave...
Not guilty, your honor...
Who? *Who?!* I don't know who! But the point is that if Mr Prosecutor over there had devoted half the time he's spent persecuting *this* woman to even the most cursory investigation of this schmoe's past, then we might *know* who! But we can't *know* what really happened! Because of Fritz, or Werner, or whatever the hell his name is! And because Me Prosecutor is *also* a lazy fat-assed sonofabitch who decided it's easier to victimize your wife! Because it's easier *not* to look! Because the more you look, the less you know! But the beauty of it is, we don't *gotta* know! We just gotta show that, goddamnit, *they* don't know. Reasonable doubt. Science. The atom. *You* explain it to me. Go ahead. Try.
So... who... who actually--
...Did Big Dave mention that it was something about his war service? I don't know, I wasn't there, *you'll* have to tell *us*. Maybe he specified, maybe he didn't; I'm not putting words in your mouth; the point is that this liar, this cynical manipulator, this man who through his lies sneered and belittled the sacrifice and heroism of all our boys who *did* serve and bleed and puke and die on foreign shores, and who made a fool out of this entire town, turns to *you* to help him out of his jam. Fat-assed sonofabitch!
And now it turns out this dope spent the war sitting on his ass in some boatyard in San Diego. You asked for blackmail, let me give you blackmail: Mr Hale-Fellow-Well-Met, about to open his own business here, has been lying to everybody in this town for the last four years, probably including half the people sitting on that jury. Well, it finally caught up with him--these dopes, it always does; someone threatened to spill it. Somebody knew his dirty little secret, just like your wife says. They called, they demanded money...
Yeah.
Look, chum, this is a guy, from what I understand, told everybody he was a war hero, right? Island hopping, practically liberated the Pacific all by himself with a knife in one hand and a gun in the other and twenty yards of Jap guts between his teeth.
...I don't get it.
Will anyone corroborate and goddamn part of your story at all?
...I don't think so.
Will anyone say they saw you there? On your way there? In there? On your was back?
I took Doris's keys.
How did you get into the store?
I don't know. I don't think so.
Will anyone else say they knew?
I... just knew. A husband knows.
OK, how did you know?
He and Doris... were having an affair.
OK, we forget the blackmail. *You* killed him. How come?
*I* was with her.
--don't interrupt me--that's Means. They got a fine upstanding pillar of the business community as a victim, and then they got *you*, a disgruntled number-juggling underling who on the day in question was drunk as a skunk and whose alibi for the time in question is being passed out at home, alone.
It was Big Dave's.
...You've gotta give me something to work with. Freddy Riedenschneider is good, but he's not a magician. He can't just wave his little wand in the air and make a plausible defense materialize. Look. Look at what the other side is gonna run at us. They got the company books, prepared by you--*cooked* by you--that's Motive. They got a murder scene *you* had access to. That's Opportunity. They got that little trimmer thing he was stabbed in the throat with--a *dame's* weapon--
Terrific. Your husband backs you up. That's terrific.
I knew about it. Big Dave told me about it, and the spot he was putting himself in by getting the money.
Good! Any questions give me a ring-- Turandot suite; if I'm out leave a message. You sure you don't want anything? No?
...OK.
Good! That helps. Not that she didn't do it, that she didn't confess. Of course, there's ways to deal with a confession, but that's good!--one less thing to think about. Now. Interview. I'm seeing her tomorrow. You should be there. Three o'clock. One more thing: you keep your mouth shut. I get the lay of the land, I tell *you* what to say. No talking out of school. What's out of school? Everything's out of school. I do the talking; you keep your trap shut. I'm an attorney, you're a barber; you don't know anything. Understood?
No. Of course not. She didn't do it.
Look, I don't wanna waste your time so I'll eat while we talk. Ya mind? *You* don't mind. So while I'm in town I'll be staying at the Hotel Metropole, the Turandot Suite. Yeah, it's goofy, the suites're named after operas; room's OK though, I poked around. I'm having 'em hold it for me on account of I'll be back and forth. In addition to my retainer, you're paying hotel, living expenses, secretarial, private eye if we need to make inquiries, headshrinker should we go that way. We'll talk about appeals if, as and when. For right now, has she confessed?
Sure, Walter. Thanks.
Birdy's in the parlor--I'm on long distance here.
Yeah.
I'm so damn sorry about your loss. Terrible thing. Just damn terrible.
I'm OK, Walter, thanks.
Ed, how're you holding up?
Yeah, the best.
Uh-huh. He's the, uh...
Well, the best, the money-is-no-object best, for a criminal case, any lawyer would tell you Freddy Riedenschneider. Out of Sacramento. 'Course, I don't know how you're fixed for money.
Uh-huh. Is he the best then, for, uh...
...Probity.
Well, there's Lloyd Garroway in San Francisco. Probity--you know, no one ever said anything iffy about Lloyd Garroway. Conservative. Jury might like that. Might like that here.
...So, uh, who should I--
No thanks, honey.
I'm fine. Thanks.
Coffee, Ed?
So, who should I--
Taking it seriously.
So--
Bert's OK, sure, he's a good man. I won't kid you though, Ed, nobody around here has any experience with this kind of, er... And I hear they're bringing a prosecutor up from Sacramento. Capital offense. Taking it seriously... Hmm...
He a good man?
'Scuse me, just finished dinner. Um. Frankly, Doris'd be better off with the county defender.
Well, of course, I, uh, it's out of my league, criminal stuff. I do, uh, probate, real estate, title search, uh... I'd be absolutely worthless, something like this. Absolutely worthless.
Yeah. What do I, uh...
OK. Boy. Jesus!
I'm fine.
Sure you don't need one?
No thanks.
Oh, hell. Drink?
Thanks. Thanks for seeing me, at home.
Uh-huh.
Check out the rack on that broad in the angora.
Yeah.
Uh-huh. Some beat, huh?
I don't work here. My wife does.
Haven't I seen you up in ladies' wear?
...Huh?
Sorry, I just didn't remember.
...I'm Rachel Abundas. Everyone calls me Birdy.
I know who you are, Mr Crane.
That was something. I'm Ed Crane.
He wrote some beautiful piano sonatas.
That was quite something.
Oh, no. That was written by Mr Ludwig van Beethoven.
...Did you make that up?
They too use the toilet, Ed. In spite of appearances. And their money will be secured by the barbershop. A rock. A *rock*, the barbershop. I mean, how long has *this* place been here?
Uh-huh.
Just people. They gotta put up the big front so that people will trust them with their money. This is why the big lobby, Ed. But they put their pants on one leg at a time. Just like you and me.
Uh-huh.
They're just people like you and me, Ed. Remember that.
The hell with it, Eddie!
That's very generous.
I don't care what it costs! This is when ya come together!
Frank, uh, you know I'll try to contribute, but, uh--Freddy Riedenschneider--
Close ranks! Goddamnit! Those sons of bitches!
Yeah.
This is what family is for, Ed! This is when ya come together!
Damn, I got a headache to beat the band.
...Nah.
You don't got a headache?
OK.
...How you today, Ed?
What the hell are you talking about?
I'm gonna mingle it with common house dirt.
What the--
...I'm gonna take his hair and throw it out in the dirt.
Come on, Eddie, you're gonna scare the kid.
No, I mean it's growing, it's part of us. And we cut it off. And throw it away.
Yeah--lucky for us, huh, pal?
I don't know... How it keeps on coming. It just keeps growing.
Whuddya mean?
...You ever wonder about it?
Yeah.
This hair.
Huh?
Frank.
Yeah, yeah--go home.
...You sure, Eddie?
Sure, go to the store. Go there, describe to the man where you will be fishing, and for what, and the weather conditions, sun, no sun, whatnot, and so forth, and then you might as well have the man go ahead and sell you the goddamn FISH, Ed...
Yeah.
Sportsmanship! That's my point. June fly, Ed? Mosquito? Which of these? Well, what fish do you seek?
Uh-huh.
The point is there's a certain art to the process. The point is not merely to provide, and let me point out, these fish are not as dumb as you might think.
Uh-huh.
...so you tie your own flies, Ed. I mean, if you're really serious. You tie your own flies, you do a--I know it's matickless, I know, people say, hey, you can buy flies at the store-- but you can buy your fish at the store, Ed, you see what I'm saying?
Now, being a barber is a lot like being a barman or a soda-jerk; there's not much to it once you've learned the basic moves. For the kids there's the Butch, or the Heinie...
Jesus...
Yeah.
Russians exploded an A-bomb.
Huh?
...Ed?
How d'ya like them apples?
Uh-huh.
Says here that the Russians exploded n A-bomb and there's not a damn thing we can do about it.
Birdy...
What'd he say?
Birdy... I didn't mean to--
He's the dead guy.
I don't understand.
My *wife*?
They sent us to tell ya. We pulled the detail.
Huh?
Huh? No.
...We goin'?
Well, have you ever considered tar Macadam? People think it's just for public works and commercial purposes, roads, parking lots, so forth...
Doesn't bother me.
Hello.
Hello!
Yeah?
My name is Diedrickson. County medical examiner.
...I'm Crane.
No thanks, I--
Barber, right? I'm Freddy Riedenschneider. Hungry? They tell me the chow's OK here. I made some inquiries.
Yeah--
...You're Ed Crane?
You also have an interest in the securing property?
Crane. Ed Crane.
Mr...?
Hello, Walter.
'Lo, Ed.
Ah-hah. It would be best if he waited here.
No, he's family, he's my brother-in- law.
Not an owner.
Second chair.
Ah.
He's a barber.
Sure. Can Ed come too?
Could you come with me please?
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's your problem, friend? This is a business establishment with posted hours--
Oh, happy days! I wish I was doing well enough to turn away business! More power to ya, brother! The public be damned!
We're just closing, friend.
OK, boys, which of you gets the privilege?
He said OK. Is that what he said?
What'd he say? Does he understand?
Under arrest for murder.
You'll go to the prison hospital.
As soon as the doctor lets us, we gotta move you. Does he understand that? We're supposed to tell him. Are you conscious?
Uh... you're under arrest.
His eyes are open.
Crane? We have to tell you, as soon as you're conscious--is he conscious?
Are you awake?... Is he awake?
Sorry, pal. They sent us to tell ya.
Visiting ends at five. Too late today. You can see her tomorrow.
...Yeah, it's a tough break.
Well, embezzlement. And homicide. A guy named David Brewster. He's, uh... He's the decedent.
Homicide.
Yeah, uh, they brung her to the county jail, uh...
They sent us to tell ya.
...Look, pal, it's a tough break, but, uh... well damnit, your wife's been pinched.
I'm in.
There's some kind of animal loose in the museum.  Pendergast's alone.  He needs help.  I want volunteers to go with me.
Great.
Manual overrides aren't working.  I'm getting nothing, Lieutenant.
No.
There are a couple of kids who were lost yesterday near the site of the murder.  Claimed they saw a monster. They're pretty determined to tell you their story.  You want to see them?
It better be good.
Uh, Vince.  Sorry.  This won't wait.
No one broke into this room, sir. Someone broke out.  That lock was torn off from the <u>inside</u>.
Why not?
Don't know if it'll do any good, Mr. Cuthbert.
The claws are sharp... I must have cut myself.  Better move these crates to the secure storage area where they'll be safe.
Looks like the curse is still at work.
Doesn't look like it.  We're damned lucky.  This statue is priceless.
Anything missin'?
Someone broke into this room.
I'm sorry, sir.  You okay?
Beauregard!  You scared me half to death.
I have to help Pendergast.  Kawakita and Jonathan stay with me.  The rest of you can go with Cuthbert!
My office is on the third floor! There's a walk-in safe and a portable phone!  We can lock ourselves in the safe and call for help!
Get his gun and his walkie talkie, Jonathan.  Move.
Sweet Jesus!
He'll be back.  Relax.  We're in good shape.  Your security is air tight. There've been no more incidents, nothing suspicious.  There's no reason to call off the opening now.
Pendergast may be in trouble.  Don't you understand?  He still hasn't come back.  It's been over three hours --
You haven't got the authority.  Only Pendergast can pull the plug.
I'll go down and speak to him.
It's too late now.  Guests are arriving.  The Mayor's car is pulling up.
I'm telling you, something's wrong. I still haven't heard from Pendergast.  I think you should call it off.
I appreciate that.
We all love the museum.  I come here myself with my kids.  We're trying to work with you.
I understand.  But Mr. Cuthbert, we've got bigger problems.  Depending on what we find today, we may have to shut you down.
I don't want to scare people.
Yes.
Do they have to wear uniforms?
If the party goes forward, and that's a big if... I've arranged for a large police presence.
We've been operating in the red for years.  That was the whole idea behind the Superstition Exhibit.  It was designed to pull people in. We've spent every penny we have on advance publicity, betting everything on the opening's success. If we postpone at the last minute... No.  I don't want to think about that.
I've read about the Museum's financial troubles.
If you like them, they're for sale. Another day like yesterday and half the collection will be on the block.
I had no idea the Museum had a complete collection of Piranesi's Forum sketches.
Eight to the right!  Look!  I found it!
Fifteen... what's next?
Oh Jesus...
To the left twice then five no... sorry... I think it's fifteen... it's been a while...
For Chrissake, I'll do it.  What's the combination?!
Just a minute.  I'm shaking!  Take the gun.
Hurry up!
That thing won't come after us, right?  It's going for bigger game. The group blundering around in the basement.  Poor fools.
Let's go!
Battery's dead.  Shit.
Calm down.  I found it!
Forget it!
I'll do it.  Just let me find my portable phone.
What's the combination?
Behind you.
Where's the walk-in safe?
I got it after I was mugged in the subway last spring.
It's a little late, you son of a bitch.  There's a friggin' monster loose in here!  Get the FBI, the fire department.  Find metal cutters, cut through.  And bring a cannon.  The damn thing is huge.
I made it outside.  I'll co-ordinate the rescue efforts from here.  Help is on the way.  Just sit tight.
Where the hell are you?
D'Agosta?  Ippolito.  Come in.
Like hell!
Ippolito!  Get back here!
You said the system couldn't fail!
I told you!  They seal off all the cells.  They were designed to fall automatically in a system failure --
What doors?
The whole system is shutting down! We have to get out quickly before the fire doors fall!
You don't know much about computers, Lieutenant.  There are safeguards built in.  We have back-up systems with redundancies.  There's no way these computers can fail.
That would leave one exit for hundreds of people.  You'd be violating every fire regulation on the books.  We'll guard the perimeter with my men and engage the motion detectors in the other cells.  One more question.  I see a big hole.  If this entire thing is run by computer, what happens if the power fails?
In every exhibition room.  The museum's divided into five cells. The reception and exhibit are in cell five.  We could arm the motion detectors in cells one to four, then seal the perimeter with our fire doors.
That's great if you're stopping a burglar.  Not our goal here.  Are there motion detectors?
It's fool proof, basically.  I designed this whole thing myself. Every valuable object in the Museum carries a small electronic chip.  If anything's moved so much as an inch, we get an alarm pinpointing the exact location of the attempted theft.
The cops are non-negotiable, Ippolito.  Why don't you just tell me how this space station works.
This huge police presence tonight isn't necessary, Lieutenant.  You'll just scare people off.  I can handle the security behind scenes with this system.  It's state of the art.
The sub-basement, huh?  Great idea.
Nice to see you, Lieutenant.
Everybody.  Get behind me.
Go out the north exit!  There's a hallway and a false wall by the Greek vases.  Run!
I smell it.  It's here.
I've been down there.  It links up to the old sewer system.  I can guide you out.
The sub-basement?
Vince?  There's no way we can get to you with the fire doors down. There's an entrance to the sub- basement in the hall off the north side exit.
This door's locked.  Try shooting the hinges off.
Pendergast!  Help!  It's right behind us!
We haven't got time.  You have to meet with museum security so we can make a decision about tonight.
I think I should come with you.
Apparently it's huge.
How big is the sub-basement?
You've been holding out on me Pendergast.  You have a suspect capable of this?
This isn't an animal, Vince.  I've been on this case four months, remember?  I've learned a few things.
I don't like animals.  Never have. Dog bit me when I was little.  After that I gave up on pets.  Animals are irrational.  Give me a psychotic killer any day.  If there's one thing that makes me queasy it's being part of a food chain.  My first case as a rookie, two brothers climbed a fence at the zoo.  It was late August.  Over ninety.  The polar bear was inside his cave.  Kids didn't know he was in there.  All they saw was the pool. They got to swimming and splashing. The noise woke up the bear.  By the time I arrived, both little boys were in pieces.  The bear was dragging one kid around by the foot. I can still hear the mother screaming --
Correct.
Saliva test?  You mean, you think someone ate part of the brain?
If you don't mind a suggestion, you might try a saliva test.
What happened to them?
Oh.
No.  I think what we've got here is a psychotic killer wielding some kind of unusual weapon... who wants us to believe he's a monster.
You think what we've got here is a monster as big as a house that smells... like hamburger?
I believed them.
They heard the victim's name and wove him into their story.  Nice touch.
How do you explain the part about Beauregard?
I've got to admit, that was a damn sight better than "the dog ate my homework".
Unfortunately, no.
You're kidding.
If you don't mind, this could be important.
No.  There's more.  There were crates from this museum in the hold of the boat.
So the method of death is the only connection?
Yes.  That's my case.  Now it's yours. All the corpses were badly mutilated in a very particular way. Decapitated.  Brains extracted.  Limbs torn to shreds.  It looked like the work of a large animal, but there was no sign of an animal on board.
Who didn't?  Big news.  Out of Brazil, wasn't it?
Did you read about a boat that washed up outside of New Orleans about four months ago?  Twelve bodies on board.
Call me Vince.
Lieutenant --
Then you won't like this one.  It's a piece of shit.
Not at all.  I enjoy the smell of a good cigar.
I drink.  After hours of course.  On duty, I smoke.  Do you mind?
In this violent world, I believe the only way to stay sane is to take time to notice beautiful things.
Can't really focus on birds at the moment, Pendergast.  I'm tryin' to keep my breakfast down.
An original Roger Tory Peterson of a Red-Breasted Merganser.  Amazing.  I have a copy of this in my office at home.
Night watchman who found the body. Sweet old man.  Been tossing his cookies for over an hour.  Not a likely suspect.
Whose footprints?
Careful.  That mess on the ground is brains.
Where's the head?
We need light in here, stat.
Mind if I have a look?
What's left of it.
The body?
Not at all.  I think we may be working on the same case.  If so, I could use your help.
Vince D'Agosta.  Am I out?
Special Agent Pendergast.  FBI.
Who are you?  The undertaker?
The virus itself might have positive applications.  They'll keep the plants in secure lock up while the studies are made.  Greg isn't joining us?
Shouldn't a drug that powerful be destroyed?
This on top of the scratches... isn't it proof!
Pardon my French, but bull shit.
Did you hear that?  My God.  He says that Mbwun is real!
May I see that?
Look.  It's some kind of letter.
I'm one of the few who know every inch it, now that John is gone.
This place is a maze.
I'd say we're in its home.
Dear God.  Where are we, Lieutenant?
I don't know.  I thought Dr. Whittlesley died in South America.
What's that doing here?
Dr. John Whittlesley.
What does it say?
All right everybody, hold up!
What's that?
Not so loud.
I believe in you a hundred percent, Vince, but that's the second time we've been at that intersection.
Oh shit.
All right.  Kawakita, cover the rear.
You're asking me?  I don't even know how to load this thing.
How much ammo do we have to make a stand?
I know.
It's still back there!
There's a dead body in the exhibit! People are panicking, trampling each other trying to get out.
What happened?!
It's important.  Please.  You have to come!  Pendergast, too.  She's found out something.
Got my hands full here.
Dr. Green has to see you!
What is it?
Lieutenant!  It's me.
Yes.  Two organs the size of a walnut have been removed with what looks like surgical precision.
The thalamus and the hypothalamus, perhaps?
Curious.  There's something missing.
Right.  The entire brain appears to have been extracted.  May I see it, please?
Someone who makes the Hacksaw Murderer look like Mother Teresa.
What are we talking about here?
Lovely bouquet.  After our last case, Vince took me out for a draft beer. As I recall we split the check.
I hope you liked it.
Oh yes!  Who could forget.  Afterwards you sent me that amazing case of Chateau Lafitte.
We've met.  The Hacksaw Murders.  '89.
Look who's here, Margo.
Dr. Frock?
Remember, it has poor eyesight.  It hunts with its sense of smell.  So for God's sake, Margo, don't get those fibers on your clothes!
We will.
Come back and get me.
No, Dr. Frock.  You can't.
I'm coming with you.
That thing could kill ten people in a matter of minutes.
We can't.  We've managed to get inside the one place that's safe.  I think we should sit tight and wait for reinforcements.  If we go outside, we're risking more lives. You have to accept it, Margo, there's nothing we can do.  The building must be swarming with police by now.  It won't take long for them to get through the doors.
None of that matters now.  The people upstairs need us.  We have to help.
It's one of the fire doors.  Good Lord, Margo.  We're trapped!
What's that?
Don't stop now.
Dr. Frock.  Did you hear that?
I think so.
Some kind of power failure.  Maybe it's the storm.  Do you have a flashlight?
What's going on?
It's like ringing the dinner bell.
And it's hungry.  It's been two days since it's eaten.  There are five hundred people arriving right now. The animal hunts at night and it has a keen sense of smell!  All those people in one enclosed space...
Margo, what you've just described is a killing machine.
With the intelligence of a human being, the speed of a greyhound, and the strength of a grizzly bear.
So the claw came from a huge creature with a preternatural sense of smell and poor eyesight that hunts at night.
"Nocturnal.  External hair and bony plates.  Locomotor speed 60-70 kilometers.  Reduced optic chiasm"... poor eyesight.  "External mucoid nasal glands,"... very keen scent... "Morphological characteristics: Highly robust.  Aggressiveness: extreme."
Quadrupedal!  The other name for Mbwun.  "He Who Walks on All Fours."
All right, assuming the program is accurate, this is a description of the animal with that claw.  "Species unidentified.  Genus: unidentified.  Phylum unknown.  Male, weight in excess of 240 kg.  Brain capacity, 900 centimeters." That means it's highly intelligent. "Quadrupedal."
But a virus normally codes for other viruses.  This one's making human and animal proteins.  Listen to this.  "Glycotetraglycine collagenoid. Weinstein's tropic hormone.  4- monoxytocin supressin hormone."
That's not so unusual.  Many plants carry viruses.  Like the burls on Maple trees.
Look at this.  An ambyloid reovirus protein.  That explains why the computer's confused.  The plant's infected with a virus.
Several problems with that theory. For one thing, this egg is intact. For another, according to Pendergast, the crates were shipped here on a boat.  Everyone on board was killed like Beauregard.  If the thing hatched in mid-ocean, where did it go?
Come on, Margo.  We're on the verge of something huge.  Let's consider the possibility, just the three of us, alone in this room.  What if John was right.  I mean, what if?  And he sent back an egg of his monster in the crates.  When it got to the museum, it hatched.
Let's not jump to conclusions.  This egg could belong to any number of reptiles, Dr. Frock.
Like the claw.
They're eggs.
What are they?
Margo, these aren't seed pods.
You're right.
Whatever it is, it must be common on the tepui.  John used it as packing material.
I'm not sure.  As you know, the Kothoga lived outside civilization on the tepui for thousands of years. Species flourished in isolation when man and pollution rendered them extinct.  This could be one of the last remaining samples of an unknown plant.
What is it?
Let me see the plant press.
A blow dart.  Seed pods.  A plant press.  Pretty unimpressive stuff.
I can't help thinking there's something that Pendergast overlooked.  If the scratches were made by whatever killed Beauregard, it wants something that's in here.
Cuthbert's counting on the exhibition's success.  The museum is in debt.  Contributions and public funding have dried up.  Admissions no longer cover overhead.  The last big infusion of cash we had was the King Tut exhibit.  Cuthbert was hired to get us out of the red.  If the Superstition Exhibit isn't lucrative, he'll have to start auctioning off some of these gems.
That Cuthbert.  What a piece of work. Someone's dead and all he cares about is his Superstition Exhibit.
Everyone needs a change of scenery. I've been rolling down these halls for forty-odd years.  That's quite enough.
You are this museum.  It won't be the same without you.
This isn't a death sentence.  Greg has promised to teach me fly fishing.  I'll garden.  I'll write.
You must.
I'm not giving up.
Come on.  I'll walk you back to the elevator.
Healing plant use among the Ki tribe of Bechuanaland has been cancelled to make room for Tibetan Erotic Art.
Your work is highly relevant.  What about your display on Primitive Pharmacology?  Cuthbert told me himself he was going to feature it prominently in the Superstition Exhibit.
With all due respect, dear, that's bull.  You dance rings around me with your new technology.  You've left me in the dust.
My work on fossil intermediates would be crippled without you.
Yes it is.  I'm tired and I'm no longer needed --
How can you say that?  You know it's not true.
No, Margo.  This is one problem you can't solve.  You have to stay out of it.  The fact is, I want to retire.
Let me help.  I can take care of everything.
Please.  Don't humiliate me further.
That, apparently, is the problem. I'm yesterday's news.  Who needs a Curator of Plant Biology in a museum with one exhibit on plants?  Monsters and dinosaurs, cannibals and shamans are the new currency of the realm.
We can't do without you.  You're one of the foremost authorities on primitive pharmacology.  You're practically an institution around here.
Now Margo, don't overreact.  Cuthbert has to cut costs somehow.  My leaving makes perfect sense.  This isn't exactly early retirement.  I've overstayed the party a bit.
I don't believe it.
Yes.  Bit of a shock.  But as Cuthbert so tactfully put it, the museum needs new blood.  And since I've been here since the Mesozoic Era --
They were sent to the Center For Disease Control in Atlanta.
Dr. Frock, I was wondering.  What happened to the rest of Whittlesley's plants?
Footsteps!
What's that?
He's right.
Margo, this is too dangerous.  You always think you can solve everything.  This time you don't have enough information.  The animal might behave in unexpected ways.  Leave her here with me.  Don't put her in danger.
I don't believe it.
We think it may have something to do with the eggs we found in the crate.
You said you had plans of the museum.  Could we see them, please?
I don't know.  It was walled over.  No one's been down there in years.
Where is that?
Not really.  Just the sub-basement.
Are there any hidden rooms or staircases?  Places where someone could hide?
Yes.
You said John Whittlesley made a study of your blueprints of the museum.
"Dear Louis, Tomorrow we go to the south end of the tepui where we'll be in the greatest danger, so I'm sending Carlos back with the crates.  You always believed in me, Louis, even in the darkest days.  So it gives me great pleasure to tell you your faith has been rewarded.  We've made an incredible find.  I enclose a representation of Mbwun.  Note the exaggerated claws, the reptilian attributes, the hints of bipedalia. It's beyond belief, but this statue is accurate.  I know because I've seen the beast."
Read it out loud.
It's from John.  Those two arrows were his insignia.  It's addressed to Louis Moriarty, a patron who financed his expeditions.
I wouldn't be so sure.
This means there must be an animal loose in the museum!
And failed.  These doors are solid steel.
Something tried to get into this room!
Yes.  John made quite a study of the whole museum.  He had a copy of my original plans.
Do you mean Dr. Whittlesley?
They fill seven floors.  We have the largest collection of mammals and dinosaurs in the world.  Just to give you an idea, there are more than three million insects specimens.  Not to mention amphibians, reptiles, birds, anthropological artifacts, meteorites, minerals and gems.  Only about five percent of the museum collection is actually on display.
How many storage areas are there?
Happy to be useful.  It's rare enough these days.  According to security, Beauregard put the Whittlesley crates in storage area 1012.
Thank you for taking the time to help us with this, Dr. Frock.
Fourth floor, West wing, but stay with your class.
Way cool.  Then you know where the dinosaurs are.
Evolutionary Biologist.  I study how life on earth evolved over millions of years.
Nothing.  I'm in third grade.  What's a revolutionary what ch'a ma' callit?
I'm an Evolutionary Biologist.  What do you do?
What do you do?
Yes, I do.
You work here?
You're color blind.
They were yellow!
They were green eyes and they were slit like a lizard's.
It had a long tongue, teeth this big and yellow eyes.
Like this.
And it snuffled the ground like a dog.
Well almost.  Depends which house.  It smelled like old hamburger, and it made this weird noise.
Not that big.
Big as a house.
We were just lost, okay?  And we went down this curvy staircase.  At the bottom was a big shadow.
I don't know.  But I think it's bad.
What is it?
Quiet!
Don't be a wuss.  Come on.
I don't want to go this way.
Chicken.  This is a great short cut.
We're not supposed to go back there.
Let's ditch and find them ourselves.
She's never going to take us to see the dinosaurs.  That lady said they were on the fourth floor.
This room sucks.
Keep the animal quiet.
Oh no.  I smell it.
Another storage room.
Jesus, what is this?
Quiet.
Oh... my... God!
Not on the map.  Looks like it connects with the city sewer.
It's alright.  I can tell by the way the dog's acting that whatever was out there is gone.  What is this place?
Come on.  Let's get back to the others.  We can't leave them alone.
Look.  It's Hobbes!  He's all right.
He's right.  Follow me.
There's something out there!  Let's go get it now!  That's why we came down here, isn't it?
Get back!  Now!
Argo!  Hobbes!
Holy mother, what is that?
Stop!
Heel Argo!  Hobbes!  Heel!
Shut them up!
Keep the light up.  I can't see.
They've got something.
Not yet.  Let's try the fork to the left.
The dogs have lost the scent, Mr. Pendergast.  Maybe we should head back.
Hard to read in this light.  The ink is so faded.
Okay.
Not today.  Besides, I think the director of the museum is expecting you.
How about lunch?
Got to finish this thesis sometime.
Yes, he's fine.  Greg... take care of yourself!
Is Dr. Frock safe!
Yes.  Whatever killed Beauregard may have lived on this plant.  When the crates were put in secure storage, they were out of reach.  The killer couldn't get them, so it got the next best thing.
Eats them?
Pendergast told me the killer extracts and eats the hypothalamus and thalamus of the victim's brains!
So what?
This is it.  This is what he, or it... is after!  The plant has high concentrations of the same hormones found in minute quantities in the human brain!
Try Weinstein's tropic hormone.
4-monoxytocin is... "A hormone secreted by the human hypothalamus gland."
What kind of hormones?
These plant fibers are loaded with hormones!
It's reptilian.
What kind of egg is it?
There's another possibility.  A lot of repeated base pairs could suggest a high level of genetic damage.
Lizard DNA and human DNA on the same strand?  Impossible.  The sample must be contaminated.
Turkish Gecko, I believe.  A lizard.
It's not mammalian, that's for sure. I think it's reptilian.
What do you make of it, Margo?
What's that?
Mbwun.
Someone's been murdered.  Not shot, strangled or stabbed, either.  Torn limb from limb.  There's talk of a psychotic killer or even an animal.
For once I'm glad you're rumor central.  What in the world is going on?
I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad tidings, but you know me.  Telegraph. Telephone.  Tell Kawakita.  I got the definitive word from Cuthbert's secretary.  This is Dr. Frock's last week.
That's impossible.
Frock's been fired.
What?
Margo, you haven't heard?
I have the species identification on these teeth.  We can extract DNA and start running tests on the extrapolator program.  Call Dr. Frock.  He wanted a demonstration.
But at what a price.
If I spent half the time on my Fractal Evolution thesis that I spend on this fly rod, I'd have my PhD.
I'm in town on a case.  Dropped by to see Vince and we thought we'd see the new display.
I'm so glad to see you.  What's the occasion?
You have to.  Do it now!
I can't!
He has to look here or I won't get a clear shot.  Call him, Margo.
Do it, quickly.  Please.  Aim for the eye.
I have to shoot.
Just like John.  He won't listen.
Whatever that thing is, we have to kill it!
You have to!  Listen!  All viruses pass on their own DNA.  Instruct the cells of the host to make more viruses!  This one was different.  It inserted a whole array of genes into John.  Reptile genes, sixty five million years old.  Those genes remade him!  It's not his fault!
I don't believe it.
That thing is John Whittlesley.  I should have seen it before!  The fibers are infected with a virus. You eat them, and the virus alters your DNA!  He became addicted to them in South America, followed the plants back to the states.  He probably entered the country as a man.  It would have taken several months for the change to take place. That's how he got from the boat to the museum!
What?
No!  Don't kill him!  Pendergast, you were right.  It's John!
Listen to me, Pendergast.  Mbwun's DNA is part homo sapien.  In primates, the eye is a direct path to the brain!  If you get a clean shot, there's only one place you can kill it.  Shoot it in the eye!
We're not going to make the storage room!
It's coming.  Run.
You smell that?
Oh God!  Help!
Help someone!
It's deceptively simple.  Like a Bruckner Symphony or a Matisse.
That's a ptarmigan, feigning a broken wing.  The bird pretends to be injured to draw the fox away from its nest!
The answer's right in front of us.
How?
We have to try and draw it off!
I think... for the pleasure of the kill.
For what?
No.  It's still hunting, but not for the hormones.
Then it won't go after the others?
I think... it means it's full.
It didn't want the fibers.  What does that mean?
Its eyesight is worse than I thought.  It couldn't see us.  And it couldn't smell us through the glass.
What happened?
It's scared of me.
What is it doing?
What are you going to do?
Hide quickly!
No.  The planetarium is in the next cell.  This is one of the fire doors...
Is there another way around?
Vince!
The planetarium!
That was D'Agosta.
Unlock one of the other storage rooms.  We're going upstairs.  We'll leave a trail back to 1012 and try to trap the monster in here.
You'd slow us down and put Margo in danger.
We have the fibers.  Don't you see? The creature is hungry.  It wants the hormones in these plants.  It would take hundreds of human brains to supply what's in these fibers.  We're just a poor substitute.  To make it stop hunting, we have to give it what it wants.
But what can we do?  Our guns are useless --
But this isn't the jungle!  This is New York.  How did it get here?  A thing like that crossed two continents.  It makes no sense!
It's not supernatural.  Mbwun is an animal.  Part lizard, part human, a genetic freak of some kind, like the half-goat, half-sheep they found last year in the jungles of Vietnam.
I don't know how to deal with this. It's hellish.  Like nothing I ever saw.  I'm not trained to deal with a monster, a supernatural creature like that.
That would fit.  It's nocturnal. Quick.  Come inside.
No.  A chromium alloy tipped .45 caliber bullet bounced off that thing's skull like a spit ball.  I think it was bothered by my light.
Wounded?
Gone.
You're not.  Where is it?
No.  I think I'm hallucinating.
Pendergast?  Are you all right?
We need someone to take us to the secure storage area.
When DNA is defective, it often uncontrollably replicates long repeating sequences of the same base pair.  Viruses can damage DNA.  So can radiation, certain chemicals.  Even cancer.  Let's let the G.S.E. sort it out.  I have to get started.  This will take several hours.
Genetic damage?
I don't know.  Mr. Pendergast.  Do me a favor.  Get me a DNA readout on that claw.
What was it?
All right.  This is hard for me.  I'm a scientist.  I like order and logic. Sometimes too much.  There's got to be an explanation.  There can't be an animal in there.  But I saw something.
They're all heavily armed.
I didn't imagine it.  I know what I saw.  Are you sure there are enough men in there?
Dr. Green...
All right.  If you're positive.
That's not what I saw.
Behind me.  Over there.
Where did you see it?
It's okay, I'm all right.  I remember now... It was an animal.  Something large!  I could smell it.  It was hunting me.  I saw two green eyes in the dark.
You were behind me?  Running after me?
I heard you calling and I ran after you, but you kept disappearing and I couldn't keep up.
I don't know.
What happened?
All right.  I'm as macho as you are. Perhaps.
I'm not sure.  We should split up. You take that hall and I'll take this one.
Where would we find it?
Would you mind showing it to me?
I don't know.  He sent back a statue that's supposed to be an exact representation.  But I've never seen it.  It's in the exhibit.
I don't think so.  I think we were meant to think it was Mbwun.  Did Whittlesley's monster have claws?
My God.  Then it was an animal.
Something came up in autopsy tonight.  Imbedded in Beauregard's body we found a claw.
I don't understand.
What if Whittlesley arrived on the tepui and no monster was there?  Was he desperate enough to create one?
No.  I'm all right.  I won't let this affect me anymore.  John wouldn't get help.  His ego endangered the lives of others.  His theory came first.
No one knows.  The Kothoga who live on the tepui are cannibals.
What happened?
Yes.  He developed his own theory that he called the Calisto Effect. It held that evolution wasn't always gradual or driven by natural selection.  The environment would sometimes cause sudden and grotesque changes which could result in a "monster species".  It made no sense. But he felt he had evidence that Mbwun was such a monster, living in isolation on the tepui for thousands of years.
A monster?
A legendary monster called Mbwun.
Tell me about the last expedition. What was he looking for?
He was afraid of himself.  He tried suicide once.  He was ill.  Manic depressive.  He had wild emotional highs and lows.  Not a happy affliction for a scientist.  He'd been revered in our community.  By the end he was a joke.
You were afraid of him, weren't you?
That was two years ago.  John was still in love with me.  He wouldn't leave me alone.
I ran an internet search on Dr. Whittlesley.  Got a list of his scholarly articles and the engagement announcement in the Times.  I also found a record of your restraining order.
How did you know that?
You were going to be married.
Yes.  Once.  We met at Columbia.  John held the Cadwalader Chair in Statistical Paleontology when I was a grad student there.
You loved him.
John couldn't have anything to do with a horrible thing like that.  He was a fine man despite his problems --
The people killed were mauled and their brains were eaten.  Just like Beauregard.  One part of the brain was extracted with surgical precision.  The hypothalamus and thalamus to be exact.
I don't understand.
Disappeared.  His body wasn't among the victims.
And John?
Dr. Whittlesley was last seen in Belem, Venezuela a week after the rest of his expedition disappeared. A taxi driver drove him to the harbor where he boarded a cargo boat.  That boat washed up in my district.  Everyone on board was killed.
You have time to talk?
If he were alive he'd have contacted me.
Maybe not.
Somehow, when all this happened... I knew it would come back to John.  Is he really dead?
No.  I came to talk about Dr. John Whittlesley.
With a DNA analysis from a fossil you can use this program to tell the species and sex of the animal, whether it was nocturnal, what it ate, how it hunted, how big it was...  You aren't here for a lesson in DNA.
How does it work?
An invention of mine.  It's a computer program designed to describe the characteristics of a given species from a reading of its DNA.  I call it the Genetic Sequence Extrapolator.
Special Agent Pendergast.  FBI. Forgive me.  I guess I was snooping. What is this?
It doesn't matter.  I'll make other arrangements.
You want to book the flight?
That's right.
I thought you were in a hurry.
Why wouldn't I?
I do have a fabulous rate on a cruise ship departing for Fiji tomorrow.  But you wouldn't want to do that.
You are a travel agent, aren't you?  "Doris"?  Your job is to help people travel.
It's the busy season.
<i>A month.</i>
I'm sorry.  I don't have anything for at least a month.
Today.
When do you want to leave, remembering, of course, you do lose a day on the way there?
One.
Viti Levu.  For how many?
I'm sorry, er...the biggest one.
<i>Where</i> in Fiji?  What island?
<i>Fiji.</i>
Where exactly?
I want to book a flight to Fiji.
I'm sorry to keep you.  How can I help?
Do it!
He doesn't care.
<i>Storm</i> music...Wagner...
What music?
Cue music...
Sweep the harbor.
Why would we--
We're not watching the sea.
It's just a matter of time.
What have we missed?
I'm sure we'll get him on this next sweep.
He has to be on foot.  He has the world's most recognizable face.  He can't disappear.
All prop cars accounted for?
We've declared a curfew.  Everyone else is at first positions.
He gave it back to his father.
Give me a shot from Truman's ring.
He was tidying up his garbage.  I was going to call you.  But half-way through, he gave up and fell asleep.
What happened down there?
What's on the ClockCam?
What's to see?
Why wasn't I told?  Any unpredictable behavior has to be reported.  Is that the best shot we can get?
He moved down there after Meryl packed up and left.
Why is he in the basement?
No, hold back...
Close up?
Let's take another call.  London, England, you're on "Tru Talk."
We've learnt about life as Truman has and, despite the complaints of a minority, it's been an overwhelmingly positive experience, for Truman and for the viewing public.
The Hague for Christof...The Hague?...lost them.  Hollywood, California, you're on "Tru Talk."
I've been tempted.  But I think it's important to retain objectivity.  I wouldn't want to get emotionally caught up.
You've never actually met Truman, yourself.  Never thought about doing a cameo--playing a veterinarian, or a priest, something like that?
We accept the reality of the world with which we're presented.  As the show expanded, naturally we were forced to manufacture ways to keep Truman in Seahaven - demonstrating that every venture is accompanied by a risk.
Why do you feel that Truman's never come close to discovering the true nature of his world?
And it's all available in the "Truman" Show" catalogue.  Operators are standing by.
There's nothing on the show I don't use myself.
All products carefully chosen and tested by you for quality and aesthetic value.
Yes, everything you see on the show is for sale - from the actors' wardrobe, food products, to the very homes they live in--
No, of course not.  And since the show runs 24 hours a day with no commercial breaks the staggering profits are all generated from product placement.
People forget it takes the <i>population</i> of an entire country to keep the show running.
And the show now generates a yearly income equivalent to the gross national product of a small country.
That's correct.
Who knew that a show originally meant to last one year - "Bringing Up Baby" - would turn into a "cradle to grave" concept.  He is in fact the first child in the world to be legally adopted by a corporation.
In competition with five other unwanted pregnancies - the casting of a show determined by an air date - he was the one who arrived on cue.
Of course, his eagerness to leave his mother's womb also meant he was the one selected.
He was curious from birth - premature by two weeks, as if he couldn't wait to get started.
Let me demonstrate some examples.
We should remind viewers that Truman, especially as a child, presented a challenge for the production.
Istanbul, Turkey, you're on with master videographer, Christof.
As with our own lives, the only people he can't cast are his family.  Otherwise he has final approval, able to elevate an extra into a lead role as was the case with his only real friend, Marlon, or alternatively relegate a star to a bit player.
Of course, Truman has always been very much in on casting.
Certainly a nomination.
Are we talking Emmies?
Let's go to some of those viewers' calls.
We find many viewers leave him on all night for comfort.  Haven't you ever watched your child or your lover sleep?
But how do you account for the popularity of those eight hours a day when Truman sleeps?
Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
I prefer to think of it as a mirror.
A window onto the human condition?
We've become tired of watching actors give us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics and special effects.  While the world he inhabits is counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself.  No scripts, no cue cards.  It's not always Shakespeare but it's genuine.  That's how he can support an entire channel.
It has to be the reality.
But recent events have been so dramatic, it does raise the perennial question. What keeps us watching this one man twenty-four hours a day - eating, sleeping, working, sitting for hours in contemplation?
As you know ratings have never been our primary goal.  I imagine we'll lose those voyeurs only interested in witnessing Truman's latest torment.  However, I'm certain that our core audience will remain loyal.
Let's talk ratings.  "Truman" has always enjoyed top ten status but the huge surge over the last few days--how do you hope to sustain that audience now that Truman appears to have reconciled himself?
Of course.
Amnesia.
How <i>do</i> you intend to explain his twenty- two year absence?
That and a fat, new contract.
I understand he's hardly had a life of his own since he left the show.  How did you convince him--was it the opportunity to be close to Truman again?
Since Kirk started this whole crisis in Truman's life, I came to the conclusion that he was the only one who could end it.
--and certainly the first time that an intruder has been rewarded with a starring role.  I really must congratulate you on writing Kirk back in.  A master stroke.
--a dead one at that.
Of course, there hasn't been anything to compare with this - the first time an intruder has been a former cast member--
We <i>have</i> had our close calls in the past.
The catalyst for the recent dramatic events was of course Truman's father, Kirk, and his infiltration onto the show. Before we discuss that, it's worth reminding viewers that this isn't the first time someone from the outside world has tried to reach Truman.
Thank you.
Welcome.
--You never had a camera in my head.
Truman, I've watched you your whole life. I saw you take your first step, your first word, your first kiss.  I know you better than you know yourself.  You're not going to walk out that door--
I have a map.
<i>You</i> were real.  That's what made you you so good to watch.
Nothing was real.
You're the star.
<i>A show.</i>  Then who am I?
A show - that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions.
The creator of what?
I'm the creator.
Who are you?
I can't believe he married Meryl on the rebound.
Because his mother got sick - very sick.  He couldn't leave her.  He's a kind boy, maybe too kind.
But why didn't he just follow her to Fiji?
Shhh!
The memory of who?
They removed all physical trace of her but they couldn't erase the memory.
What's he doing?
Guess I always thought they'd adopt.
Sure she would.
You think she'd go through with it?
Why not?
It's not gonna be his, you idiot.
How can they have a child?
I...I can't.
It's beautiful!  What are you waiting for?
I think I've studied enough.
Well, what do you want to do?
If we don't go now, it won't happen.
Right now?  We've got finals tomorrow.
Now.
Actually, I'm free Sunday.
Saturday?
No.
No?  Really?  Good, I mean, I thought possibly a pizza.  How about Friday?
No...I, er.
You have a boyfriend?  Of course you do.
I'm sorry.  It's not up to me.
It's okay.  I probably wouldn't talk to me either.
--I'm not allowed to talk to you.
I'm Truman, Truman Burbank--
That's right.  Lauren.
Lauren, right?
Oh, yes.
You take Japanese.
The thing that started all of this.
What's that?
Not the whole thing, Truman.  You were right about one thing.
So what are you saying, Marlon, the whole thing has been in my head--?
And the last thing I'd ever do is lie to you.  Think about it, Truman, if everybody's in on it, I'd have to be in on it too. I'm not in on it, because there is no <i>it.</i>
This is different.  Everybody seems to be in on it.
It's a lot of world for one man.  You sure that's not wishful thinking, you wishing you'd made something more of yourself? Christ, Truman, who hasn't sat on the John and had an imaginary interview on "Seahaven Tonight"?  Who hasn't wanted to be somebody?
I don't know what to think, Marlon. Maybe I'm going out of my mind, but I get the feeling that the world revolves around me somehow.
Truman?  It's me, Marlon.  I need to talk to you.
Stay where you are!
Really?
Just between you and me, Marlon, I'm going away for a while.
That's the "Big Guy".  Quite a paintbrush he's got.
Yeah...
I went all over but I never found a place like this.  Look at that sunset, Truman.  It's perfect.
When you were hauling chickens for Kaiser Poultry, what was the furthest you ever went off the island?
No.
Things.  Things that doesn't fit.  Maybe I'm being set up for something. You ever feel like that, Marlon?  Like your whole life has been building to something?
What exactly?
This is where it started.
What're we doing here, Truman?
I've got to show you something.
I told you I can't.
Could be.  Beard looks phony.  It's when I'm unpredictable.  They can't stand that.  That's why we've got to get out of here.  Can you come with me?
How about them?
It's hard to tell.  They look just like regular people.
Who?
I think he's alive.  I'll tell you about it later.  I'm definitely being followed.
Your Dad?!
I think it's got something to do with my dad.
No.  Truman, if this is another one of your fantasies...
There's no point in trying to explain it, but a lot of strange things have been happening - elevators that don't go anywhere, people talking about me on the radio, you know what I mean?
<i>Mixed up?</i>  Mixed up in what?
I think I'm mixed up in something.
Are you okay?  You look like shit.
I'm onto something, Marlon - something big.
Sorry, I'm way behind.
I've got to talk to you.
--Truman, what are you doing here?
Marlon--
I can't tonight.
Sure.  It's halogen.  Shame it didn't hit you - you could've sued.  You coming for a drink?
You really think it could've dropped off an airliner?
Trust me.
You think so?
I figured, what's the point?  I knew I'd just be taking my problems with me.  Once the kids came along, it made me look at Seahaven with new eyes.  I realized, what the hell could be better than this?  I'm telling you.  What you really need is someone to carry on the "Burbank" name.
Yeah, what happened?
Truman, you know, I did think about moving away one time.
<i>Spare room</i> - I can start thinking about selling up...and I'll be gone.  Up and away on that big steel bird.  I'm going, don't you worry about that.
Nursery?
It's not that simple.  Takes money, planning.  You can't just up and go.  Oh, I'm going to do it, don't worry about that.  I've just got to move slow.  Pick my moment.  Bonus time's just around the corner.  Soon as I finish the...
So when are you leaving?
See here, this is us.  All the way round here, Fiji.  You can't get any further away before you start coming back.  Y'know, there are still islands in Fiji where no human has ever set foot.
Outta my job, outta Seahaven, off this island...<i>out!</i>
Yeah?  Outta what?
I'm thinking of getting out, Marlon.
--Truman, you're gonna be late!
--What are my plans now?  Well, next I'm thinking of tackling the Yuba River in an authentic canoe from the Algonquin tribe. --I'm talking about the north fork, a class five rapid - only I'm not going <i>down</i> the Yuba, I'm going <i>up.</i>  Do you honestly think for one minute I'd go back to some dreary office to rubber stamp meaningless documents...do you?
Truman, stop it!
No.  You said, "Do something."  Who were you talking to?  Tell me!
You're the one talking to the walls!
Who were you talking to?!
Do something...
Stop this now.  I'll do it.  I swear.
You're part of this, aren't you?!
You're having a nervous breakdown, that's what's happening.
What the hell has that got to do with anything?  Tell me what's happening?!
I've tasted other cocoas.  This is the best.
--What the hell are you talking about?!
Why don't I make you some of this new Mococoa Drink?  All natural.  Cocoa beans from the upper slopes of Mount Nicaragua. No artificial sweeteners--
That's not true.
Why do you want to have a child with me? You can't stand me.
Let me get you some help, Truman.  You're not well.
So we just eat into our savings, is that the idea?  I'd better call your mother when we get there.  She'll be worried sick - I don't know how she's going to take this.
I've got my Seahaven Bankcard.
So what do we do for money when we get to New Orleans?
I'm sure they're just exaggerating.
Truman, what about that sign?
I bet you did.
Truman, I took the "hypocrite" oath!
Uhuh.  There's no accident.  It's just more stalling.
There's been an accident, Truman.
It's hard to go places, isn't it?
I think I'd like a little company.
Let me out, Truman.  You're not right in the head.  You want to destroy yourself, you do it on your own!
I've changed my mind again.  What's New Orleans like this time of year?  Mardi Gras.  Or let's just see where the road takes us.
Truman, that was our house!
Should I?
You blaming me for the traffic?
Blocked at every turn.  Beautifully synchronized, don't you agree?
Truman, I think I'm going to throw up.
Because I never have.  That's why you go places, isn't it?
So why do you want to go?
That's right.  I do, don't I?
You hate gambling.
Where shall we go?  Where shall we go? Spontaneity is what it's all about. Forget Fiji.  We can't very well drive to Fiji, can we?  What about Atlantic City?
What?!
Let's go now.
You're upset because you want to go to Fiji.  Is that it?
Are you listening to a word I'm saying?
--we need more charcoal.
I won't be here Sunday.
I invited Marlon and Rita for a barbeque Sunday.  I thought I'd make my potato salad.  Remind me--
Put some butter on it--or ice?
--you're a nurse, aren't you?
I don't know--
What do I do?
Oh, my God!
Arrah!
Surgery.  The elevator disaster downtown on the news last night.  Cable snapped, a car dropped ten floors.  Non-union contractors.  Monsters.  We're starting with an amputation.
What's the hurry?
I'm sorry, I'm late.
I have to talk with you.  But not here.  Let's go for a walk.
See you in a minute, sweetheart.
Good night, Mother.
I'll take you home, Angela.  Why don't you leave those with us for a while?
I still want to look over a couple of things.
Come on, Truman.  Haven't you studied enough?
I'm not hungry.
I made macaroni.
What did you want?
Your mother called.  You shouldn't upset her like that.
How do you know?
I know.
Fixing the mower.  I saw my father today.
What're you doing down here?
I think I'm going to stay up for a while.
This'll pass.  Everybody thinks like this now and then.  Come to bed.
That can wait.  I want to get away.  See some of the world.  Explore.
I thought we were going to try for a baby.  Isn't that enough of an adventure?
It'd be an adventure.
We're mortgaged to the eyeballs, Truman. There's the car payments.  Are we just going to walk away from our financial obligations?
Maybe I feel like a teenager.
And then what, Truman?  We'd be back to where we were five years ago.  You're talking like a teenager.
--We could bum around the world for a year on that.
Every time you and Marlon--
--I figure we could scrape together eight thousand.
Oh, God.
I've been thinking--
Where have you been?
Did something happen today?
I won't be late.
I was hoping we could have a special evening.
A man tripped and fell on a chainsaw.  We got three of his fingers back on.
How did it go today?
Gee, that's great.
Hi, honey.  Look at this.  It's a "Chef's-Mate."  Dicer, slicer and peeler in one.  Never needs sharpening. Dishwasher safe.
They're...  perfect.  Thank you.
Well, what do you think?
It's a surprise.
What's that?
Truman, you're gonna be late!
...personally I think the unconquered south face is the only one worth scaling...of course it's a 20,000 foot sheer wall of ice but then when did that ever stop me before?...Naturally, I intend to make the ascent without the benefit of oxygen but also without crampons or even an ice pick...<i>risks?</i>...  ...sure I'm aware of the risks--why else do you think I would spend seven years as an adjuster in a life insurance company...?
Things always do--when you look back.
It looks so small.
Hold on a minute, dear.  Here's us at Mount Rushmore.  You remember, Truman--when Dad was still with us - that was quite a drive.  You slept all the way there.
We ought to be getting you back, Mother.
You know he was an only child, like you.  I know how bad you feel about what happened--sailing into that storm.  But I don't blame you, Truman.  I never have.
I'm telling you, if it wasn't him, it was his twin.  Did Dad have a brother?
--Darling--
They never found Dad's body--maybe somehow--
About time they started cleaning up the trash Downtown.  We don't want to end up like the rest of the country.
It was Dad, I swear, dressed like a homeless man.  And you know what else was really strange?  A businessman and a woman with a little dog appeared from nowhere and forced him onto a bus.
It doesn't sound insane, Truman.  I swear I see him ten times a week--in a hundred faces.  I almost hugged a perfect stranger in the salon last Thursday.
I feel certain my condition runs in the family.  Can't this wait, dear?
I spend half my life out in the sun, Mother, why would I need vitamin D?
You look very pale, Truman.  Are you taking your vitamin D's?
I've got something to tell you.  You'd better sit down.
You know surprises aren't good for me. You should really call before you come over, dear.
Oh, just so.
How's your hip?
Well, I made it through another night.
How are you, Mother?
Fine.  I'll tell her.
You got it.
When you get to Fiji?
Tell her, tell her...I had to go to Fiji. I'll call her when I get there.
I'll try.
Sure.  Okay.  Fine.  Can you pass on a message?
I'm afraid that's impossible--she's in pre-op.
I'm looking for my wife--Nurse Burbank. It's important.
You're welcome, Truman.
Well, thank you for your help.
The whole area's being evacuated.
Is there any way around?
Leak at the plant.  They had to shut her down.
Now what?
You must listen.  Everybody's pretending, Truman.
I don't understand.
--It doesn't matter.  Everybody knows about it.  They know everything you do. The point is, you got scared.
Were you there--how do you know?
--And your teacher said, "You're too late, Truman.  There's nothing left to explore."
--How do you know about that?
Just listen.  You remember when you were a little boy, you stood up in class and said you wanted to be an explorer like Magellan--
There's no one here.
They're going to stop me talking to you.
Who?
They're coming.  Any minute.
You can count on it.
See you tomorrow, Truman.
I'd ask for identification.
Tyrone, what if I said I didn't want meatball today?
Good.  Good.
Not bad.  I just won the State Lottery.
How's it going, Truman?
You're not FBI agents.
Well, we're FBI agents.
We don't even know you.
I think you better tell us.
You're not supposed to talk about it? Who told you that?
Not supposed to talk about it.
Yeah.
Do you live around here?
Sorry. Don't have one.
Why don't you go home to the old lady --
Does what?
I think that about does it, Spooky.
What do I do.  I'm a key figure in an ongoing government charade. An annoyance to my superiors. A joke among my peers. "Spooky," they call me. Spooky Mulder. Whose sister was abducted by aliens when he was a kid. Who now chases little green men with a badge and a gun, shouting to the heavens and anyone who'll listen that the fix is in. That our government's hip to the truth and a part of the conspiracy. That the sky is falling and when it hits it's gonna be the shitstorm of all time.
What do you do?
A woman?  Work.
Yup.
Poopy day?
Me?
I need your clothes, Byers.
They took her --
You called 911. Except the call was intercepted.
Scully had a violent reaction to a bee sting --
When was that?
They gave you a craniotomy to relieve the pressure from a subdural hematoma. But you've been unconscious since they brought you in.
Penetration but not perforation.
You were shot in the head. The bullet broke the flesh on your right brow and glanced off your temporal plate.
What am I doing here?
Most of what I find in here is lacking a coherent picture of an organization with an attributable motive. I realize you're very lucky to be alive Agent Scully. The ordeal you've endured has clearly affected you -- though the holes in your account leave this panel with little choice but to delete these references from our final report to the Justice Department. Until which time hard evidence becomes available that would give us cause to pursue such an investigation.
No, they don't.
Well...where would you like me to start? Antarctica is a long way from Dallas, Agent Scully. I can't very well submit a report to the Attorney General that alleges the links you've made here. Bees and corn crops do not quite fall under the rubric of domestic terrorism.
What is it you find incredible?
Agent Mulder.
Working with?
I hope to. We're working to develop this evidence --
Nothing completely conclusive --
And you have conclusive evidence of this? Something to tie this claim of yours to the crime --
Yes. I know.
-- those are very serious allegations, Agent Scully --
That the bombing in Dallas may have been to destroy the bodies of those firemen, so their deaths and the reason for them wouldn't have to be explained --
Are you going to let us in on what exactly you're trying to prove --
Yes.
You've been back to Dallas?
Evidence of what?
I apologize for making you wait -- I've brought some new evidence with me --
Special Agent Scully --
They seemed to buy our story about the Hanta virus. You'll make sure the families are taken care of financially, along with a sizeable donation to the community.  Maybe a small roadside memorial.
Of what?
Tell them he was trying to save the young boy's life, and that he died heroically like the other firemen.
This man's family will want to see the body laid to rest.
Incinerate it. Like the others.
And if it's unsuccessful?
No. No...we need to try our vaccine on it.
Do you want me to destroy this one, too? Before it gestates?
The developing organism is using his life energy, digesting bone and tissue. We've just slowed the process.
How can this be?
Technically and biologically, though he'll never recover.
This man's still alive.
Heat, I think. The coincident invasion of a host, the fireman, and an environment that raised his basic body temperature above ninety eight point six.
Brought on by what?
We brought the atmosphere back down to freezing in order to control the development, which is nothing like we've ever seen.
Yes.
You've got something to show me.
Kurtzweil, we think.
Who?
Mulder was in Dallas when we were trying to dispose of evidence. He's gone back there again. Someone has tipped him.
Do they know?
There are complications.
My lateness may have well been absence. A course has already been taken.
Into what?
Its effect on the host has changed. The virus no longer just invades the brain as a controlling organism. It's developed a way to modify the host body.
Strughold. He's just gotten on a plane in Tunis.
Who called this meeting?
Is it an emergency?
We have a situation. The members are assembling.
Yes.
No. Don't bother.
You want a call if we turn up Kurtzweil?
Yeah, I had an appointment for a pelvic examination.
You looking for him for some other reason?
Selling naked pictures of little kids over his computer.
What's that?
Feds are looking for him, too.  Real nice business he's got, huh?
Looking for him for what?
I'm looking for him.
You got some kind of business with him?
Is this Dr. Kurtzweil's residence?
Show you right on a map.
You said you knew the location of the archeological site where these were found.
No. Just fossils, far as I know.
Have you examined them?
Some bone fragments came up in the sift this morning. We thought there'd been another fatality, but we found out FEMA had recovered them from an archeological site out of town.
Was there anything in those offices that didn't go to D.C.?
We weren't expecting to find those remains, of course. They went right off to Washington.
I'm looking for anything out of the ordinary. Maybe something from the FEMA offices where the bodies were found.
And why do you think it is you're standing here talking to me? These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder.
Your ass? I just got chased across Texas by two black helicopters.
You'd be shit out of luck if not for me. You saw what you saw because I led you to it. I'm putting my ass on the line for you.
You're a liar. You lied to me to gather information for you. For your goddamn books. Didn't you?
I told you -- he and I were old friends --
You didn't know my father --
I've been using you?!
You've been using me --
Yeah, well I don't have them all.
You told me you had answers.
Your guess?
That would be my guess.
A transportation system. Transgenic crops. The pollen genetically altered to carry a virus.
What do you think?
What did it look like?
-- You saw this experiment?
I'm not sure. A virus --
What?
Yes. On the Texas border. Some kind of experiment. Something they excavated was brought there in tanker trucks.
You found something?
You can't.
How can I reach you?
Something's gone wrong -- something unanticipated. Go back to Dallas and dig. Or you're only going to find out like the rest of the country, Agent Mulder. When it's too late.
And they tell me I'm paranoid.
I think you know. The timetable has been set. It will happen on a holiday, when people are away from their homes. When our elected officials are at their resorts or out of the country. The President will declare a state of emergency, at which time all federal agencies, all government will come under the power of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA, Agent Mulder. The secret government.
Negotiating with whom?
The plague to end all plagues, Agent Mulder. A silent weapon for a quiet war. The systematic release of an indiscriminate organism for which the men who will bring it on still have no cure. They've been working on this for fifty years. While the rest of the world was fighting gooks and commies these men have been secretly negotiating a planned Armageddon.
A plague?
What killed those men can't be identified in simple medical terms. My god, we can't even wrap our minds around something as obvious as HIV. We have no context for what killed those men, or any appreciation of the scale in which it will be unleashed in the future. Of how it will be transmitted; of the environmental factors involved.
I'll know soon enough.
What killed them I won't even write about. I tell you, they'd do more than just harass me. They have the future to protect.
What killed those men?
When we were young men in the military, your father and I were recruited for a project. They told us it was biological warfare. A virus. There were rumors about its origins.
What was it?
Are you saying it wasn't such a small outbreak?
And are you familiar with FEMA? What the Federal Emergency Management Agency's real power is? FEMA allows the White House to suspend constitutional government upon declaration of a national emergency. To create a non-elected government. Think about that.  What is an agency with such broad sweeping power doing managing a small viral outbreak in suburban Texas?
It was a deadly virus spread by field mice in the Southwest U.S. several years ago.
According to the newspaper, FEMA had been called out to manage an outbreak of the Hanta virus. Are you familiar with the Hanta virus, Agent Mulder?
You said the firemen and the boy were found in the temporary offices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Why?
I picked up the historical document of the venality and hypocrisy of the American government. The daily newspaper.
How?
I was right about Dallas. Wasn't I, Agent Mulder?
I don't either, but it sure sells books.
Dr. Kurtzweil, I'm not interested in bigoted ideas about race or genocide. I don't believe in the Elders of Zion, the Knights Templar, the Bilderburg Group or in a oneworld Jew run government --
You know my work?
You mean that apocalyptic trash you write? I knew your name was familiar. I just didn't know why.
For what? Because I'm a dangerous man. Because I know too much about the truth.
They want to discredit you -- for what?
What is it? Kiddie porn again? Sexual battery of a patient? I've had my license taken away in three states.
Not according to the men in blue.
See this bullshit...? Somebody knows I'm talking to you.
Do you?
I think you're full of shit.
And one little boy.
You're saying they destroyed an entire building to hide the bodies of three firemen...?
Michaud was a patriot. The men he's loyal to know their way around Dallas. They blew that building to hide something. Maybe something even they couldn't predict.
Michaud was a twenty-two year veteran of the bureau --
That's what I'm saying.
Before the bomb went off?
Those people were already dead.
No. They put the bomb in the building across the street because it DID have federal offices. The Federal Emergency Management Agency had a provisional medical quarantine office there. Which is where the bodies were found. But that's the thing...
The Federal Building was too well guarded.
What's the question nobody's asking? Why that building? Why not the Federal Building?
He just let it explode.
S.A.C. Darius Michaud never tried or intended to defuse the bomb.
And what's that?
Well, if you've got something to tell me, you've got as long as it takes me to hail a cab...
I came on my own. After reading about the bombing in Dallas.
Who sent you?
I'm a doctor, but I think I mentioned that. OB-GYN.
You a reporter?
Heard you come here now and again. Figured you'd be needing a little drinky tonight.
How'd you find me?
Old friend of your father's.
I know the name. Why?
My name's Kurtzweil. Dr. Alvin Kurtzweil.
Yeah, I did.
You follow me out here for a reason?
No. I've been watching your career for a good while. Back when you were just a promising young agent -- before that.
Do I know you?
Standing around holding your yank while bombs are exploding.
How's that?
Yes you can. You're going to make it, Scully.
I can't go any farther.
You got me. But I think I know what they did with Jimmy Hoffa.
Where are we?
We've got to keep moving.
Hang on. I'm going to get you out of here.
Cold...
I've got no allergy. Something... this... Mulder... I think... I think you should call an ambulance.
Scully --
No -- it's --
I think you're in anaphylactic shock --
...my pulse feels thready and I've got a funny taste in the back of my throat.
Something's wrong...  I'm having -- lancinating pain -- my chest. My... motor functions are being affected. I'm...
Scully...
I think... something stung me.
What? What happened?
You saved me, Scully.  As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole. I owe you so much, Scully, and you owe me nothing.  I don't want to do this without you. I don't know if I can. If I quit now, they win.
Why was I assigned to you? To debunk your work. To reign you in. To shut you down.
You don't Mulder -- you've never needed me. I've only held you back.  I've got to go.
I need you on this, Scully --
I'm contacting the state board Monday to file medical reinstatement papers --
Just like that --
I have. I did. It's done.
After what you saw last night -- after all you've seen -- you can't just walk away --
You're on the verge, Mulder -- please don't do this to me --
We're close to something here -- we're on the verge --
I can, Mulder. I debated whether or not to even tell you in person, because I knew --
You can't quit, Scully.
I already gave Skinner my letter of resignation.
Salt Lake City, Utah. Transfer effective immediately.
What? What's wrong?
I don't know.
Where'd they go?
Come on!
What are you doing?
Run.
Yeah...?
Scully....?
Maybe. Maybe not.
I hear the humming. Like electricity. High voltage maybe.
You hear that?
For the purpose of what?
Cool in here. Temperature's being regulated.
Not unless those are giant Jiffy Pop containers out there.
Any thoughts on why anybody'd be growing corn in the middle of the desert?
Very weird.
This is weird, Mulder.
I have no idea.
What do you think it is?
Pounding down some dirt road in the middle of the night. Chasing some elusive truth on a dim hope, only to find myself standing right where I am right now: at another dead end --
Been where?
I don't believe this. I don't fucking believe this.  Y'know, I've been here... I've been here one too many times with you, Mulder.
It may be extraterrestrial.
Mulder --
This virus -- it... 
What do you mean by haul?  What are you not telling me here?
Yeah, well they may this one.
They haul gas in tanker trucks, they haul oil in tanker trucks -- they don't haul viruses in tanker trucks.
That bomb in Dallas was allowed to go off, to hide something: bodies infected with a virus you detected yourself.
-- of what exactly?!
We're not chasing trucks, we're chasing evidence --
I've got to be in Washington D.C. in eleven hours for a hearing -- the outcome of which might possibly affect one of the biggest decisions of my life. And here I am standing out in the middle of nowhere Texas, chasing phantom tanker trucks.
What?
This is great. This is fitting.
Hey, I was right about the bomb, wasn't I?
I don't know why I think they went right.
You think they went left?
We've got two choices. One of them is wrong.
Where would they be going?
About a hundred miles of nothing in each direction.
What are my choices?
That's the first question to answer, if we're going to find them.
And where are they going with it?
I don't know, Mulder.
Unmarked tanker trucks... what are archaeologists hauling out in tanker trucks?
No irrigation system. Somebody's covering their tracks.
All the equipment is brand new.
Ground's dry about an inch down. Somebody just laid this down. Very recently, I'd say.
It looks pretty green for this climate.
This looks like new grass to you?
No.  It didn't show up on any of the immunohistochemical tests --
And you've never seen anything like that?
The bone was porous, as if the virus of the causative microbe were digesting it.
You're sure the fossils you looked at showed the same signs of deterioration you saw in the fireman's body in the morgue?
I don't see any evidence of an archeological or any other kind of digsite. Not even a sewer or a storm drain.
This is where he marked on the map, Scully. Where he says those fossils were unearthed.
He didn't mention a park.
That I don't know. But if it's through simple contact of blood to blood, and if it doesn't respond to conventional treatments, it could be a serious health threat.
How was it contracted?
Something I couldn't show to anyone else. Not without more information. And not without causing the kind of attention I'd just as soon avoid right now.  The virus those men were infected with contains a protein coat I've never seen before. What it did to them it did extremely fast. And unlike the AIDS virus or any other aggressive strain, it survives very nicely outside the body.
What did you find?
I wasn't planning on it. Particularly after spending a half hour in cold storage this morning. But I got a better look at the blood and tissue samples I took from the firemen.
You said you weren't coming?
Mulder -- I can't -- I'm already way past the point of common sense here --
-- I'll have you back for it, Scully. Maybe with evidence that could blow that meeting away.
I've got a hearing tomorrow --
I need you there with me. I need your expertise on this. The bomb we found was meant to destroy those bodies and whatever they were infected by.
Mulder --
Scully -- listen to me. I'm going home, then I'm booking a flight to Dallas. I'm getting you a ticket, too.
I don't know.
What kind of infection?
Evidence of a massive infection.
What did you find?
I can't really talk right now.
Why are you whispering?
We're being blamed for these deaths. Scully, I want to know what this man died of. Don't you?
Mulder, this is going to take some time, and somebody's going to figure out soon enough we're not even supposed to be here.  I'm in serious violation of medical ethics.
I don't know. But I have a hunch what you're going to find here isn't anything that can be categorized or easily referenced.
You're saying the bombing was a cover-up. Of what?
I'd been told as much.
You knew this man didn't die at the bomb site before we got here.
I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either.
You're telling me the cause of death on the report is false. That this man didn't die from an explosion, or from flying debris.
And there's been no autopsy performed. There's no Y incision here; no internal exam.
There's some kind of cellular breakdown. It's completely edematous.
It's like jelly.
And you're looking for?
According to this tag.
This is one of the firemen who died in Dallas?
Just get dressed. I'll explain on the way.
Mulder -- what are you doing?
Get dressed, Scully.
Go home, Mulder. It's late.
Is that what you'd like me to do?
I thought you may have gotten drunk and decided to come here to talk me out of quitting.
What are you implying, Scully?
Is that before or after you got the idea to come here?
I was until about an hour ago.
Are you drunk, Mulder?
Why not? It's three AM.
No.
I wake you?
There's really no reason left for me to stay anymore.  Maybe you should ask yourself if your heart's still in it, too.
You're... quitting?
They're not doing this, Mulder.  I left behind a career in medicine because I thought I might make a difference at the FBI. When they recruited me they told me women made up nine percent of the bureau. I felt this was not an impediment, but an opportunity to distinguish myself. But it hasn't turned out that way. And now, if I were to be transferred to Omaha, or Wichita or some field office where I'm sure I could rise, it just doesn't hold the interest for me it once did. Not after what I've seen and done.
This isn't about you, Scully. They're doing this to me.
Because they wanted me to invalidate your work, your investigations into the paranormal. But I think this goes deeper than that.
They were the ones that put us together.
I think you must have an idea. They cited a history of problems relating back to 1993.
Why?
I meet with the OPR day after tomorrow for remediation and reassignment...
What? What are you talking about?
They have divided us, Mulder. They're splitting us up.
They're trying to divide us on this, Scully. We can't let them.
All I told them was the truth.
Whatever you told them in there, you don't have to protect me.
-- Mulder! Get in the car!
Something's not right...
Mulder. Move away from the door. We're coming through it.
Scully?
Hang on. I'm gonna get you out of there.
...thirteen fifty six...
Thirteen fifty nine, thirteen fifty eight, thirteen fifty seven...
Mulder? Tell me this is a joke.
Nice try, Mulder.
Scully, get somebody to open this door.
I'm in the vending room.
Where are you, Mulder?
Scully, I found the bomb.
Scully...
Something sweet.
Alright... what'll it be: Coke, Pepsi? A saline IV?
I just did. You're buying.
Panic? Have you ever seen me panic, Scully?
I saw your face, Mulder. There was a moment of panic.
Oh yeah. Had you big time.
No you didn't.
Had you.
It's locked?
Now what?
What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston. I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome.
You've got to quit looking for what isn't there. They've closed the X-Files. There's procedure to be followed here. Protocol.
How's that?
I know you're bored in this assignment, but unconventional thinking is only going to get you into trouble now.
The element of surprise, Scully. Random acts of unpredictability. If we fail to anticipate the unforeseen or expect the unexpected in a universe of infinite possibilities, we find ourselves at the mercy of anyone or anything that cannot be programmed, categorized or easily referenced...
Jesus, Mulder...
What happened to playing a hunch?
Mulder...?
Mulder... when a terrorist bomb threat is called in, the logical purpose of providing this information is to allow us to find the bomb. The rational object of terrorism is to promote terror. If you'd study model behavioral pattern in virtually every case where a threat has turned up an explosive device. If we don't act in accordance with that data -- if you ignore it as we have done -- the chances are great that if here actually is a bomb we might not find it. Lives could be lost --
I think they have that covered.
I know that. But the threat was called in for the Federal Building across the street.
You're looking for a bomb.
I've just climbed twelve floors. I'm hot and thirsty and I'm wondering, to be honest, what I'm doing here.
What's wrong, Scully?
No. I haven't.
Did you find something?
I'm on the roof.
Where are you, Scully?
Mulder -- it's me --
Thank you.
Why don't you go on ahead head and I'll confirm authorization.
They can patch you in through the switchboard.
I don't have his number.
Well, call General McAddie.
I don't know anything about that.
General McAddie is who requested our coming here. We were awakened at three AM and told to get down here immediately.
General McAddie's.
On whose orders?
That area is currently off limits to anyone other than authorized medical personnel.
We're going to the morgue.
I've got to find Scully.
What are you doing?
I'm not taking any chances.
Are we being watched?
I don't know.
How deep does this go?
I know.  Agent Scully reported your suspicions to OPR. On the basis of her report, I sent techs over to S.A.C. Michaud's apartment. They picked up PSTN residues on his personal effects consistent with the construction of the vending machine device in Dallas.
Whoever they are -- this goes right back to Dallas -- it goes right back to the bombing --
She's missing. We've been unable to locate her or the vehicle they took her in.
Where's Scully?!
Agent Mulder --
Agent Scully says it was she who ordered you out of the building. That you wanted to go back.
I breached protocol. I broke contact with the S.A.C. I ignored a primary tactical rule and left him alone with the device.
She's in there right now saying the same thing about you.
-- if they want someone to blame, they can blame me. Agent Scully doesn't deserve this.
-- if it looks bad, it's bad for the FBI --
But it's not the lives we saved. It's the lives we didn't.
Agent Mulder -- we both know that if you and Agent Scully hadn't taken the initiative to search the adjacent building, you could have multiplied the fatalities by a hundred --
And they want to blame us?
You don't see what's going on here, do you?  There's four hundred million dollars in damage to the city of Dallas. Lives have been lost. No suspects have been named. So the story being shaped is this could have been prevented. That the FBI didn't do its job.
She was with me.
-- They're asking her for a narrative. They want to know why she was in the wrong building.
About what?
Sit down, they're still talking to Agent Scully.
My life is over.  Go.
What about you?
Find Agent Scully. Save her. Only her science can save the future.
What alien environment?
The vaccine you hold is the only defense against the virus. Its introduction into an alien environment may have the power to destroy the delicate plans we've so assiduously protected for the last fifty years.  Or it may not.
How?
You have precious little time. What I've given you the alien colonists have no idea exists. You hold in your hand the power to end the project.
Driver.
Let me out. Stop the car.
Dr. Kurtzweil is in the trunk.
Where is he?
As your father knew, things need to be sacrificed to the future.
What happened to Kurtzweil?
I thought it only fair you should know, given how hard you've worked.
Why are you telling me this?
The only true survivors of the viral holocaust will be those immune to it: those vaccinated against it and human/alien hybrids. Your father arranged for your sister's abduction. He allowed her to be taken to an alien hybrid program, so that she would survive. As a clone.  He had different hopes for you. That you would uncover the truth about the Project. That you would stop it. That you would fight the future.
But... he sacrificed his own daughter. My sister, Samantha.
Imagine our surprise when they began to gestate. My group has been working cooperatively with the alien colonists, facilitating their programs. To give us access to the virus. In false hope we might be able to secretly find a cure. So that we might save ourselves, as the last of the species.  Your father wisely refused to believe this, choosing hope over selfishness. Hope is the only future he had: his children,  The only future any of us have.
That's why you bombed the building. The infected firemen, the boy --
Until Dallas, we believed the virus was simply a controlling organism. That mass infection would make us a slave race.
Your aliens, Agent Mulder, your little green men, first landed here millions of years ago. Those that didn't leave have been laying dormant underground since the last Ice Age. In the form of an evolved pathogen. Waiting to be reconstituted when the alien race from which it came returns to colonize the planet. Using us as hosts. Against this we have no defense. Nothing but a weak vaccine.  Do you see why it was kept secret? Why even the best men -- men like your father -- could not let the truth be known?
What do you mean, walked?
Aids, the ebola virus -- on the evolutionary scale they are newborns. This virus walked the planet long before the dinosaurs.
No! For God sake you've got it all backwards.
This is what you've been conspiring to conceal? A disease?
A simple, unstoppable lifeform. What is a virus but a colonizing force that cannot be defeated? Living in a cave, underground, until it mutates. And attacks.
A virus?
No. Though I have no way to prove otherwise. The virus is extraterrestrial. We know very little about it, except that it is the original inhabitant of this planet.
You're lying.
A weak vaccine against the virus Agent Scully has been infected with. It must be administered with ninety six hours.
What is it?
I want to know where Scully is.
I think of it as an agreement. A word your father liked to use.
About the conspiracy?
I'm quite prepared to tell you everything, though there isn't much you haven't guessed.
Yes.
Is she alive?
I have answers for you.
Where's Scully?
He's come and gone.
What happened to Kurtzweil?
Mr. Mulder.
No, you need only take away what is most precious to him.
You need not kill a man to destroy him.
You can't kill Mulder. He's got too much light on him.
And Mulder?
No one believes Kurtzweil or his books. He's a toiler. A crank.
We've allowed this man his freedom. His books have actually helped us to facilitate plausible denial. Has he outlived his usefulness to us?
Well, without a cure for the virus, we're nothing more than digestives anyway.
Our vaccine may have no effect!
Cooperation is our only chance of saving ourselves.
And if it doesn't? By cooperating now we're but beggars to our demise! Our ignorance was in cooperating with the Colonists at all.
Let me remind you who is the new race. And who is the old.  What could be gained by withholding anything from them; By pretending to ignorance? Our knowledge may forestall their plans to step up the timetable. To start Colonization early.
In hope of what? Learning that it's true?! That we are nothing more than digestives for the creation of a new race of alien lifeforms?!
We're going to tell them what we've found. What we've learned. Turn over a body infected with the gestating organism.
This isn't Colonization, it's spontaneous repopulation. All our work... if it's true, then they've been using us all along. We've been laboring under a lie!
The geometry of mass infection presents certain conceptual re-evaluations for us. About our place in their Colonization.
My god...
We've been forced to reassess our role in Colonization by new facts of biology which have presented themselves.
More concerns than that?
I'm sorry. My grandson fell and broke his leg.
We began to worry. Some of us have traveled so far, and you are the last to arrive.
Give a kiss to Edward.
...give a kiss to Edward.
Thanks Miriam.  Say hi to Henry and...
I'll come by tomorrow after work.  With dinner.
I know.
I don't need them anymore...
I refilled the Zyprexa and Atavan...
Agent Novak.  I didn't get a chance to clear him.
What's wrong?
Damn him.
Baked in a pie.
Four and twenty blackbirds...
...a pocketful of rye.
What happened?
Is it cold in here?
No.  No.
Catherine?  I'm about to start.  If you want me to wait, or...
She said convincingly.
I'll be fine.
This isn't your responsibility. Remember that.  Don't let them use guilt as a tool.  If you want to stop, say so.
He needs to be turned over.
Like a New Year's Day hangover.
Disorientation, nausea, migraines, hallucinations, insomnia, paranoia.
The first... What?  Six or seven times I went in.   Remember what happened?
Why did we stop?
Nothing.
A pocketful of fucking rye.  What's wrong?
Sing a song of sixpence.
That's my girl.
I've got to feed my cat.  Besides, I want to get to bed early.
Henry wants me to try this Vietnamese place he's wild about.  Want to come?
Okay.
Don't bring it home in this.
I don't want you up all night reading Edward's case file of the nine millionth time.  Balance, dear girl, is the key. Leave the work here.
Yes mother.
Good.  We need you healthy and relaxed. You're going to eat well, meditate, exercise, and watch mindless television.
No.
You're sure?  Any more nightmares?
Okay, okay...
And he might blame you for terrifying him.  That one moment could erase all you've accomplished.  And if that happened, the trust he has in you is gone.
I'd be there for him.
Yes, but, you're a willing participant. Picture Edward in a strange place, lost, frightened...
I do it all the time!
If we reverse the feed and bring Edward into your mind, it could be devastating for him.  Imagine the shock of suddenly existing in a whole other world.
It could take years for me to get past the barriers he's created.
I've heard this argument before.  It's not happening.
He creates the obstacles, he decides which games to play.
Shush.
Miriam...
I don't want to find out.
Why not?  Just once.  A trial run.  What harm could it do?
We've been over this a dozen times.  No.
Someday you can.  We all believe that...
She thinks I can bring Edward back.
She adores you.
Lucien Baines?
He hates me.
Mocky-Lock is a pain in the ass.
"Mocky-Lock is the bogeyman, Mocky-Lock wants me where I am."
Almost.  Mocky-Lock showed up.
Did we go sailing?
Four-and-twenty blackbirds.
A pocketful of rye...
Sing a song of sixpence...
No.  Thank you.
No problem.
Thank you.
I got it.
They're hungry.
I don't know.  I think it does.  You know, Catherine... If you ever want to talk about it.  What happened to Stargher.  That last time.
It doesn't matter...
He also says that until proven differently, Julia Hickson was found as a result of good old-fashioned detective work.
All yours.  My boss says it's one of the strangest requests the Bureau's ever had.
He's mine?
So you say.
I told you.  You have to be optimistic. Believe in them...
Well look at that.
Good for them.
Yep.  Eloped.
I heard Julia and John got married.
Absolutely.  Abigail...
You sure about this?
Give her a minute.  Hello, Valentine.
That went well.
I can't leave him!
COME ON!
Carl, do you know?  Like on a map...
Where the hell are we?
He brought you to me, didn't he?  If you want Julia to live, trust me.  Trust him.
Little boy?!  That's him!
He wants us to follow.  The little boy...
Like hell "wait."
Wait...
Okay, okay...
Remember, Julia Hickson is priority number one.  Nothing else matters.  Find out where she is.
Yes.  I am.
You're sure of that?
A child can experience abuse worse than Charlie's.  And grow up to be someone who would never, ever hurt another living thing.
Tell me.
What difference does it make...?
What happened?
What happened to Charles Gish?
Maybe this is a big fucking waste of time.
If you believe that.
Evil.
Then what is he?
It's hard for me to see Stargher as human, capable of something like "remorse."
Don't you feel there are different sides to every personality?  Maybe even the worst of us is capable of one decent act.  We're all human.
Whoa.  Hold on.  Aren't they the same guy?
Not Stargher, not really.  He's split himself right down the middle. Good/evil, right/wrong, merciful/cruel. A monster.  And an innocent child.  If I could reach the boy.
This is Stargher we're talking about?
He might tell me about Julia.  The part of him that wants to help, that feels shame and remorse.  Who wants to be redeemed.
You think you can do this, don't you?
This is going to sound terrible, but... I don't think she matters anymore.  Not to him.  He never finished her.  The others...he was able to make them his.
What about Julia?
You were right.  There's a part of him that knows the truth.  About what he did, about himself.
I did, yeah.
You thought Stargher wanted to be caught.
As soon as I met him, you knew I'd say yes.  He makes Julia real for me.
You're the shrink, you tell me.
Why'd you bring him here?
A kingdom.  His utopia. Life without consequence or restriction. He's not even Carl Stargher anymore. He's this... idealized version of himself who can do anything he pleases... Without fear.  A horrible primitive ugly thing.  I don't want to talk in here.
What did you see?
With Stargher I saw things...
That's what therapists are for, right?
Just like we all have fantasies, right? Things only we know, that we don't share.
Absolutely.  I suppose everyone does.
Do you feel there's a side of yourself you don't show people?
Peter, okay?
Agent Novak?
Ah, the part of us that can't be explained.
The soul.  The spirit.  Whatever you want to call it.
What then?
It doesn't have much to do with science.
I read about a woman in TExas who was in a coma for seven years.  Every time her husband came to visit, her heart would beat faster.  Isn't that something?  I don't know what name scientists have for something like that...
No.  Not at all.  From what I understand, he knows I"m here, isn't that right?
Do you think that's funny?
Edward Baines, I presume.  Hi, Ed.  I'm Pete.
I know him.
You don't know the procedure.
This man is deeply disturbed, he...
How hard could it be...?
I realize that...
I still don't understand why I can't do this... This isn't some "troubled kid" you're dealing with.
Okay.  Let's assume he wanted you to find him, that some part of him hated what he was doing... Most likely, that part is dead.  Schizophrenics with Whalen's Infraction sever all ties with the real world.  I'm sorry, I really am.
Sometimes... Once they've been caught they feel a need for disclosure.  They have so much they want to tell. But they've never had a sympathetic ear. They need someone to understand why.  Stargher used to hide the bodies very carefully.  It was part of the ritual. Some weren't found for weeks and any physical evidence had been meticulously wiped clean.  But these last three... They were still in water - always in water - but  Listen, he wasn't just careless.  It went beyond that...
Really?  I don't work with violent cases, I work with children.  But even a kid lies.  They love it when they get you to believe something that isn't true.  Don't you think Stargher would do the same?
There's always a chance they'll confess.
As far as I needed.
What if he wasn't like this?  What if he was "normal?"  Conscious.  How far would you go?
I bet we can fix it.
"Mocky-Lock is the bogeyman.  Mocky-Lock wants me where I am."
Oh no... No you don't.
Mocky-Lock.
Who says?
's broken.
What now?
He's beautiful...
You liked him?
I never kid.  My wife hates it.  Says I'm too serious.
You're kidding me.
Yep.  And guess who they hired to seal up the place?
Delano?
Lattimer sold the hoist to a guy named Bainbridge who tired to build a machine works out near Delano.  Bainbridge ends up in bankruptcy court and the state winds up with the land - it's just sitting there.
That hoist, with the winch...
Already there.
I need you to find something in the basement...
Agent Cole.
Just graduated law school.  Single mom. Had a two-year-old daughter.
She the one from Santa Cruz?
She's bringing Stargher into hers.
Instead of going into his mind...
It would take hours to re-route the system, and even if I did, I shouldn't.
What's wrong?
She changed the codes.
I think that's the whole point.
I hate to admit it, but there's something perversely satisfying about this.
Pump in two liters of pure oxygen, please Henry.
That's why we monitor the use of the drugs so closely.  We don't want her getting to that degree of perceptual disorientation.
Initiating connection.
Intravenous administration complete.
Catherine has a tremendous capacity for empathy.  When we started, there were a number of test subjects - other therapists - who acted as "receivers."  All they did was observe and report.  Nothing more.  But Catherine, she had the ability to feel what was happening.  She understood. And the patient responded.  Edward engaged her in dialogue, took her places, showed her things.  He knew she cared.
Not a gift.  A highly evolved area in her cerebral cortex, that's all.  A genetic fluke.
They took care of that, thank you, Henry. 
Shouldn't we get a catheter in him?
Completely unaware.
What about the cat?
Awaiting his arrival.
How's the patient.
Federal Bureau of Investigation, ma'am. We know all, see all...
That's a secret.
Thanks you.  Six weeks off does a body good.  I heard she got the approval to try the reversal with Edward.
You're looking well.
Dr. Kent.
Agent Novak.
Yes.  But you're going to sit down right now.  I have to...
Is she alright?
I doubt that.
I am.  I'm a pretty boring guy.
I know your partner's here, but it's very important that you're honest.
No.
What about narcotics?
No.
Any psychiatric medication?
Prevacid.  For my stomach.
I have to ask you some things... Are you taking any prescription drugs?
Absolutely.
Nervous?
No.
I have done this, you know.  Been inside.
Yes.
Into Stargher.  Inside...
That was with Edward.  She's accustomed to his world.  Stargher's mind is unfamiliar territory.  She's "lost."  Someone has to go in. Remind her what's really happening.  And get her out.  Until then, she's at his mercy.
When we got here, you just topped and pulled her out.
I'll get her...
Catherine!
Stargher is in custody.  The functional equivalent of being under arrest. Normally, we'd Mirandize him, and if he didn't lawyer up, we'd interrogate him. But because of his condition, he doesn't have the capacity to waive those rights.
What about the legalities of this...?
Sometime yesterday morning.
When did he lapse into the coma?
It's his dog.
The Phoenix office tested that hair thirty minutes ago.  And we got the match.
Gentlemen, I believe an albino dog is rare indeed.
The dog's an albino.  He'd love an animal like that.
Now.
Now?
I need it.
Anne Vicksey didn't own a dog.
So?
Grandparents.  Live over in Davis.
Someone looking after her little girl?
You might've seen Jimmy Hoffa dancing with Timothy Leary.  I don't care.
I saw her.  Julia.  Alive.  I saw everything.
You're bettin' the farm on something you saw after they pumped you full of god knows-what kind of shit?
Considering where I've been...
Jesus Christ, man, you look like hell.
But you looked so cute.  All sleepy...
Next time, tell me, okay?
Right here.
That's not what I'm talking about, Pete. I'm talking about waking up and realizing this girl's gonna die.
Tell you what.  If this thing burns us, I take that heat.  I give you permission to point your finger at me and say "It was all his idea."
Why jeopardize what we've already done? We caught the sonofabitch.  Carl Stargher.  That's going to be like Bundy, Gacy, Dahmer.  A case that makes careers.  But if we push our luck.  If this is all bullshit and we come out smelling like it.
I don't have to.
I don't know, Pete, but for god's sake... This is nuts.  Do you really understand what they're going to do?
What else do we do?!
You sure you want to go through with this?
They're in that fucking thing for forty hours, Gordon.  Four-oh.  He got Julia at seven-thirty last night.  You know what time it is now...?!
We'll go back to his house, Pete. There's still a lot to do.  Analyze the videos, track sales of the bleach, go through his records.  Maybe he owns property somewhere.
No.  Can you get a man close?
Let's give old Carl a call.  Tell him he's got company.
We proceed assuming she is.
She remembers because it was her "dream truck."  Wanted one just like it.
After three years she remembers what the guy drove?
Nicole Labetzki.  Victim seven. Forensics found dog hair in her car, but they had a K-9 unit at the scene and never had it checked.
Breeders typically destroy albino pups, so this animal is truly unique.
Damn, man, I give up.  Your partner tells you his wife's gonna have a baby, and all you care about is a coroner's report!
Here he is.
Pregnant.  Thanks for asking.
How is she?
They think you did it.
Warscheinlich ist der murder.
Das worren nooh zeiten.
Give her some cigarettes.
Hier sind fruher Fursten ans unt eingeganger. Hier hat sogar ein Metternich verkehrt...
Sayen sie ed our den Leuten damit sie es auch wissen.
Ja, ja, ja.
Den leuten.
Das mussen sie doch wissen. Ich meine ohne grund wird die politzei doch nicht ins Hans komme Fraulein Schmidt, ein schande...
Ich weiss nicht.
From Kurtz. They have just been arrested. But Harry won't come, he's not a fool.
...anyway?
If you want to sell your service, I'm not willing to be the price... I loved him. You loved him. What good have we done him. Look at yourself, they have names for faces like that.
...quarrel?
We're getting you out of here, aren't we?
Why are you lying?
Oh, well.
His.
That's his headache.
Why should he help me like that? The Russians will only make trouble for him.
Of course I didn't tell Calloway.
There's something wrong. Did you tell Calloway about meeting Harry?
Oh, the usual things...
Did he say anything about me - tell me?
I saw him today.
How do you know?
He's safe in the Russian zone.
What is going to happen? Where is Harry?
You send me a wire as soon as you arrive.
I shall be all right.
Here, it will be cold on that train.
Hide? Can't a fellow have a drink?
What is on your mind? Why did you hide?
I'm sorry.
Harry.
Have you been seeing Major Calloway again?
...Headquarters.
How did you know I would be here?
...is there?
Oh...
Are you going, too?
There isn't enough for two laughs.
...again.
Well, don't preach wisdom to me. You talk about him as if he had occasional bad manners.
...and my lover. He was Harry.
I'll put these flowers in water.
Seventy pounds a tube. He wanted me to write for his great medical charity.
He liked to laugh.
I knew him for twenty years - at least I thought I knew him. I suppose he was laughing at fools like us all the time.
He's better dead. I know he was mixed up - but not like that.
He told you, didn't he?
...you know.
Have you?
Can you imagine a parrot nipping a man?
Have you seen Calloway?
A parrot...Let it go.
What happened to your hand?
Why?
I'm going back home.
I don't know.
I thought you were going to go away. Aren't the police after you?
Me.
Wer ist da?
Be sensible - tell Major Calloway.
I wish I knew.
What are you going to do?
Sneak out the other way, and go back to your theatre. I'd better not see you again.
Wait here.
Let's not get into any more trouble.
What's the matter?
Let's go away.
Yes.
That's Harry's place, isn't it?
It's all right.
I'm so sorry.
Holly.
We're both in it, Harry.
A moment ago you said you didn't want to see the Porter.
I thought you wanted...
What's the hurry? Can't we talk quietly for a couple of minutes?
If we have to see the Porter we'd better go.
Well, I didn't learn that from him.
It's just what he used to say.
Seemed like a good idea.
Anna.
...and buried him.
Oh, it's very difficult. You know Harry...we didn't do...
Tell me more.
Oh, that was many years ago.
Where is she?
...to steal my girl.
Oh, we didn't make much sense. Drank too much. Once he tried...
When...what did you do?
Tell you what?
Tell me about him.
Oh, let me see. No, no that's not the cue. It means she has to sit down.
H-E-Z-T...
"Ein hurigan" - I guess.
What's that?
Gestern bein heurigen...
Well you read this.
Do I...
Comedy. I don't play tragedy.
I can try. Is it comedy, or tragedy?
In German?
Can I hear you?
Just another part I've got to learn.
Might as well I suppose. Are you busy?
Need we go through it all again?
The Porter is going to talk to us tonight.
Silly looking bunch.
Sssh. Don't. Don't, please.
Who are you looking for now?
Yes. He moved his head, but the rest is good, isn't it?
Harry?
Whiskey.
Drink?
Dr. Winkel.
Oh, what was the name of that doctor? Harry's doctor?
The Russians would claim me. I come from Czechoslovakia.
Why?
They're forged.
Anything really wrong with your papers?
The police. They're searching my room. Sie mussen doch wissen.
What's she talking about?
Why don't you leave this town - go home?
Well, if I do find out something, can I look you up again?
You shouldn't get mixed up in this.
I was told there were only two men there.
I don't know. They didn't answer.
I know. I wondered about it a hundred times, if it really was an accident.
...at all.
Mmmm.
He was Harry's driver?
Yes. They said it wasn't the driver's fault. Harry often said what a careful driver he was.
Were you at the inquest?
Yes.
His own doctor?
The doctor Harry used to go to. He was passing just after it happened.
Dr. Winkel? Who is he?
Dr. Winkel told me that.
He said he remembered me too. Seems to show he wasn't in much pain.
That was the man that brought me some money when Harry died. He said Harry had been anxious at the last moment.
Don't understand what Harry saw in a fellow like that.
Oh, yes, yes.
He has a little dog.
No.
I was talking to another friend of Harry's. A Baron Kurtz - do you know him?
Oh, American, thank you. I like them.
I don't know. How can you know a thing like that afterwards. I don't know anything any more.
You were in love with him, weren't you?
I'm so sorry, I didn't notice much.
Well, I saw you at the funeral.
No, he never told me about his friends. Would you like some tea?
But I could follow it fine. Perhaps Harry told you about me. My name's Holly Martins.
No, no...oh...excuse me.
Do you understand German?
You were awfully good.
Thank you. I enjoyed the play very much.
Sit down.
Thank you.
Entschuldigen sie. It was a terrible thing.
Nichts danke. Kein.
Keep the packet.
Thank you.
Cigarette, Miss Schmidt?
I helped Harry fix her papers, Mr. Martins...
Of course.
Good evening, Miss Schmidt. You remember me?
Poor Harry, I wish he was dead, he would be safe from all of you then.
Vienna is a closed city, Miss Schmidt, he can't get away.
If you help me, I am prepared to help you. ANNA Martins always said you were a fool...
I don't know.
Miss Schmidt, we know he is somewhere across the canal in the Russian sector... You may as well help us. In a few minutes Colonel Brodsky will be questioning you about your papers. Tell me where Lime is.
I'm sorry - I don't seem able to understand anything you say. He's alive now this minute - he's doing something.
That's what we want to find out.
Where's Harry?
I said another man was buried in his place.
What did you say? I'm sorry...
Joseph Harbin's body was found in the coffin.
It's true then?
I want the truth, Miss Schmidt. We know he is alive.
Two weeks ago.
Now then, Miss Schmidt, I'm not interested in your forged papers - that's purely a Russian case. When did you last see Lime?
What can I tell you but that you have got everything upside down.
You can help us.
It wasn't important.
In one of his letters he asked you to telephone - a good friend of his called Joseph. He gave you the number of the Casanova Club. That is where a lot of friends of Lime used to go.
It's stupid to lie to me, Miss Schmidt. I'm in a position to help you.
No.
He works in a military hospital.
No.
Joseph Harbin...
I have never seen him.
Do you know this man?
We loved each other, do you mean that?
You know as much as I do, Miss Schmidt - you were intimate with Lime, weren't you?
And my passport?
Right. Sit down Miss Schmidt, we will send your letters and things back to you.
There's nothing in them.
They'll be returned to you, Miss Schmidt, as soon as they've been examined.
You won't learn anything from them. They are only love letters. There are not many of them.
That's the reason.
They're Harry's.
Must you take those letters? CALLOWAY Yes, I'm afraid so.
Yes.
...parents.
Good-bye.
Well, I'll be saying good night. Good night, Miss.
Thank you, you have been so kind. Anna moves down to stand CL of Paine.
I don't...
Here we are. You'll be all right here, Miss.
Well, I've got it when you want it, miss.
I don't want it.
There you are, miss, your receipt for the letters.
That's all right, miss, don't worry. We're used to it - like doctors.
They are - private - letters.
They'll be returned, miss.
Must you take those?
I'll carry a copy of one of your books. Harry gave it to me.
How will I know you?
Just around the corner.
Where?
Austrians aren't allowed in your hotel. Couldn't we meet at the Mozart cafe?
I would very much like to meet you, Baron. Come around.
I was a friend of Harry Lime.
Yes.
Can I have that woman's passport?
...Austrian Police Headquarters.
Thank you.
Yes, of course.
Please keep this passport to yourself, until I make some inquiries, will you, Major?
No, not yet.
We are interested in this case. Have you arrested the girl?
This is forgery. It is very clever.
What is it?
I haven't got a sensible name, Calloway.
Be sensible, Martins.
One can't just leave - please.
Well, there's not much time.
Wait a minute - let me out.
I'll do what I can, if she'll let me.
Calloway, can't you do something about Anna?
Two thirty.
What time is it?
I'll be your dumb decoy duck.
Win what?
I said you win.
I never knew there were snake charmers in Texas...
All right, Calloway. You win.
Paine lent me one of your books; "Oklahoma Kid," I think it was. Read a bit of it... Think it's pretty good. What made you take up this sort of thing? Been doing it for long?
Why don't you come in, too - you're a writer... Might interest you.
Of course.
Do you mind if I drop off somewhere on the way? I've got an appointment, won't take five minutes...
You all did.
Didn't I?
She's right. It's none of my business.
A girl of spirit.
Oh, there you are. Come in here, there isn't much time.
Calloway!
Calloway, you expect too much. I know he deserves to hang, you proved your stuff. But twenty years is a long time - don't ask me to tie the rope.
We'll never get him in the Russian zone.
It wouldn't work.
Yes, yes, yes, and then he vanished out there, I suppose with a puff of smoke and like a clap of...
I tell you I heard him running ahead of me.
How about the doorway?
I was on that side, the shadow was on that side, and no turnings on either side.
Which side of the road?
Fifty yards right down there.
Yes. Where were you when you saw him first?
Look...I tell you, you don't think I'm blind, do you?
No.
I suppose you don't believe me.
I see.
This is where he vanished.
Well?...
I followed his shadow until suddenly...
Thank you. Excuse me.
...in the morning.
I'm not asking you to.
...be responsible for you in the streets.
It's more like a mortuary than police headquarters.
...a week ago.
I can't. He disappeared...
Bring him in.
So would I.
I would like a word with this orderly Harbin.
Next, Paine.
Calloway, you haven't shown me one shred of evidence.
That is the racket Harry Lime organized.
Are you too busy chasing a few tubes of penicillin to investigate a murder?
Do you see what that means?
In Vienna...
Well?
I'm only a little fool - I'm an amateur at it - you're a professional. You've been shaking your cap and bells all over town.
Oh, stop behaving like a fool, Martins.
A parrot bit me.
A bruised lip.
What do you want to see a doctor for, huh?
Do you mind if I use that line in my next Western? You can't chuck me out, my papers are in order.
Death is at the bottom of everything, Martins. Leave death to the professionals.
As soon as I get to the bottom of this, I'll get the next plane.
Get the next plane.
You're not locking her up?
Miss Schmidt.
Calloway.
Tactful too, aren't we, Callaghan?
I'm not interested in whether a racketeer like Lime was killed by his friends or by accident. The only important thing is that he's dead.
And there was a third man there. I suppose that doesn't sound peculiar to you.
Oh, pinning things on girls now.
Getting around, Martins.
What the devil?
Going to find me the real criminal? It sounds like one of your stories.
...expense.
Calloway - I'm English, not Irish.
Listen, Callaghan.
Well, you could say that murder was part...
Why don't you catch a few murderers for a change?
It wasn't petrol.
...a cop. You're a real cop I suppose.
Pin it on a...
Ever seen one?
...policemen. I have to call them sheriffs.
He was...
What are you trying to say?
...to him.
Best thing that ever happened...
Him dying like that.
What?
Must have known I was broke. Even sent me an airplane ticket. It's a shame.
No.
"Death at the Double X Ranch" - Ra- a-nch.
I can't say that I have.
Did you ever hear of "The Lone Rider of Santa Fe?"
No, sorry.
Holly Martins.
I'm afraid I've never heard of you. What's your name again?
Once in a while.
See much of him before that?
September '39.
When did you see him last?
Back in school. Never so lonesome in my life till he showed up.
Schmolka!
Could you buy me one. I haven't got any Austrian kroners. Thanks.
You've had a bit of a shock, haven't you? You could do with a drink.
No.
Been here long?
Yes.
You a friend of Lime's?
Martins.
My name is Calloway.
Fellow called Lime.
Can you tell me whose...
No, no. Leave them for a while.
Shall I go over there, sir?
I'd like to visit Texas one day, sir.
...of Santa Fe."
You know, Paine's one of your devoted readers. He's promised...
Very good, sir.
This way, miss.
Write her out a receipt, Paine. Give her a receipt for these letters too.
I'm so glad to have met you, sir. I've read quite a few of your books.
It's a military hotel.
Take him to Sacher's.
Please be careful, sir. Up we come. Written anything lately?
Well, look, is there a car here I can use?
I'll look it up for you.
...his number.
No, I don't know...
Do you know his number?
Please hurry up - just get him on the telephone.
...excuse me.
Oh, Mr. Martins...
Get me Major Callaghan on the phone.
Oh, that is Mr. Martins' little joke, of course...
Zane Grey.
Of course, of course, of course.
Well, yes. I suppose that is what I meant to say.
Oh, I thought you would know, you're a writer. Of course you do. Good night, old man.
What's that?
On the modern novel - you remember what we arranged and we want you to talk on the Crisis of Faith.
What about?
Hello - Mr. Martins, we tried to get you at your hotel. We have arranged that lecture for tomorrow.
Good evening Mr. Crabbin.
Oh, Mr. Martins, good evening.
It is, and I'm gunning just the same way for your Major Callaghan.
Seems exciting.
Certainly.
...this lecture business, you'll put me up here a while?
Is that what you say to people after death? "Goodness that's awkward..."
Goodness, that's awkward.
I was going to stay with him, but he died Thursday.
I've heard of him, of course, but I didn't exactly know him.
Heard of Harry Lime?
No, a major, were you really?
It was just a soldier. I was trying to punch his major in the eye.
I don't need a dentist. Somebody hit me, that's all.
I know a very good dentist.
Come upstairs a moment.
Listen, Mr. Martins, if you'd agree to be our guest, we'd be delighted to have you.
How long can one stay here on this stage money?
Nonsense. Your novels are very popular here. Aren't they, Sergeant?
They wouldn't know me.
I'll tell you what, Mr. Martins. On Wednesday night at our institute, we are having a little lecture on the contemporary novel...I thought perhaps you'd like to speak.
Welcome?
Yes, Cultural re-education Section Propaganda. Very important in a place like this. We do a little show each week. Last week we did "Hamlet" and the week before we had something...
You do!
Excuse me, have you got tooth...
...leaving tomorrow, sir.
Very popular. Are you staying long?
Very popular, sir.
Yes, Hindu dances, thank you, Sergeant. This is the first opportunity we've had of making an American author welcome.
Striptease, sir.
Have you, Sergeant? Author - Martins. Thank you, Sergeant.
Oh, he's very goad, sir. I've read quite a few of his books.
Never heard of him.
The author. Thought you might be interested.
Who?
Mr. Holly Martins, sir.
What is it, Sergeant?
Mr. Crabbin.
What do you want?
...this way.
Do you know, I don't ever feel comfortable on these sort of things...Victims?
Have you ever seen any of your victims?
Sure...
I remember when they raided the gambling joint - you know a safe way out...
Part? You can have any part you want, so long as you don't interfere...I have never cut you out of anything yet.
What did you expect me to be - part of your...
Don't try to be a policeman, old man.
You told them, didn't you?
I wish I could get rid of this thing.
As long as they can use you?
I'm only safe in the Russian Zone... I'm safe as long as they can use me...
Outside of your stories...I've got to be careful.
You've got plenty of contacts.
It's far better thing that I do... Holly, you and I aren't heroes, the world doesn't make any heroes...
Why not?
Do you expect me to give myself up?
You can get somebody else...
What do you want me to do?
You wouldn't do anything.
Well, I've got quite a lot on my mind.
You don't care anything at all about Anna, do you?
Did the police believe you?
And - Anna...
Unwise, Holly...
I told the police.
...exactly who did you tell about me? Hmm?
Holly...
You can help her.
What can I do, old man, I'm dead, aren't I?
Tough...tough...Don't worry, old man, they won't hurt her.
She's been arrested.
Hmm.
It's good to see you, Holly.
Listen, Harry - I didn't believe that...
Talk to me?...Of course...Come on...
I want to talk to you.
Yes.
Listen...
Well, well, they seem to've been giving you quite some busy time.
Hello, Harry.
All right - I'm mad. I've seen a ghost...
Are you mad?
How do you do.
Mr. Popescu - Mr. Martins.
Yes. The man who helped carry him.
The Roumanian?
Mr. Popescu is here tonight.
But you will.
Not yet.
What's the name of this girl?
...the best way one can, you know.
I live in the Russian sector, but you'll find me at the Casanova Club every night. One has to work...
...your address?
Will you give me...
What's the good of another post mortem? Suppose you dig up something - well - discreditable to Harry?
Not necessarily. She'd probably want to help.
Only his doctor, Dr. Winkel.
...you.
A Roumanian.
Well, there was only you, and this friend of his. Who is he?
But he said he died instantaneously.
...you know and all that.
What did he say?
...were of you.
Here?
We came out of his place like this, and were walking this way. A friend of his called to him from over there. Harry went across and from up there came the truck. It was just about here.
At the end of every chapter --
You really liked it?
Tension? KURTZ Suspense.
It's wonderful how you keep the tension.
Zwei zwartze.
Coffee.
Mr. Martins. Delighted to meet you. Come let's sit down here. Ober! Zwei. What would you like. Tea? Coffee?
Not necessarily.
In great pain?
...he was. Yes, for a short time, while they carried him across the road.
I understand...
Could he have been at all conscious?
I can tell you very little. He was run over by a car. He was dead when I arrived.
Hear the details.
Find out?
I have guests waiting.
Thank you.
Coming to the point, please.
Martins.
Yes.
Vinkel...You've got quite a collection of er-collection.
Vinkel.
Dr. Winkel?
I am not a bad man.
Yes, it is.
Well make it your business.
I have no evidence. I saw nothing. I said nothing. It's not my business.
Das hat man davon wenn man freundlich ist mit den auslandern...
Now, hold on.
Fer von mir aus gehen sie zur gansalt aber mich lassen sie aus mit der politzei.
Suppose I take...
Der ami macht mich noch ganz deppert. I should have listened to my wife. She said you were up to no good. Gossip.
You don't know it was an accident. You only saw a dead man and three men carry him.
Police? Why police? Das ist alles blodsum was sie da sangen. No, no. It is all nonsense; it was an accident.
You gotta tell your story to the police.
No, no. He came late after they carried him to the Joseph Statue.
You don't mean that doctor?
There was a third man - he didn't give evidence.
And?
Yes.
The Roumanian?
Yes.
Kurtz.
Who else?
...give evidence.
Ah, er war gleich tot - I mean, sie war gleich tot - brauchen kein angst zu. Ein moment...Wart ein bissel...Wartein bissel. Fraulein Schmidt!
I was told that he did not die at once.
Er, alive? He couldn't have been alive, not with his head in the way it was.
Oh, er - oh...was he - was he still alive?
Conscious? Cas soll ich auch noch wissen?
Could he have been conscious?
Why didn't they bring him in the house?
Not saw, heard...heard. I heard the brakes. Wham! And I got to the window and saw them carry the body to the other side of the er...er Joseph...that's Joseph Emperor Joseph Statue.
You saw it?
Happened...Yes happened right down there.
What's he saying?
Sehen sie da gleich da unter. Da unten ist est passiert. Passiert - English.
What does he say?
und ich kann nicht alle kennen.
...Popescu...
Yes, yes, I remember you.
You remember me? Upstairs...
Mr. Lime - yes.
Did you know Mr. Lime well?
Yes, sir.
Excuse me!
Must be some mistake.
Baron Kurtz.
Mr. Lime's.  Accident...
Coffin?
Who?
Already gone.
English?
Speak English?
Never.
...Mr. Martins?
Why no, Mr. Martins.
Should I make it all fact?
Yes.
...this time.
Not when I get interested.
Mr. Martins...
A novel, Mr. Martins?
Third Man.
Joseph Harbin? No...no.
Joseph Harbin.
No.
Not necessarily.
He probably knows a lot more than that. Somebody's lying.
That Harry was dead before you got him to that statue.
What else did he tell you?
Will we never teach these Austrians to be good citizens. It was his duty to give the evidence.
He didn't want to get involved.
Wasn't he at the police inquiry?
What else?
That's all you meant?
Of course there was. Some ice for Mr. Martins.
Something wrong.
Funny?
I thought there was something funny about the whole thing.
Two double whiskeys. Was wunschen sie?
Harry...
Not the sort of thing I should confess to a total stranger, but you have to break the rules sometimes. Humanity's duty.
Oh, you did.
I thought he'd be here to meet me.
Okay.
Lime.  Harry Lime.
His name?
With him.  Fifteen Stiffgasse.
Where are you staying?
A friend of mine offered me a job here.
What's the purpose of your visit here?
Oh.
Passport, please.
Thanks.
Yea, OK. I will be, I will be, I promise.
Look I don't care about the money right now: I just want some sleep. So if you could be quiet -
Ten dollars. I'll find a way to pay you back. How would you like to know About somewhere special? The perfect beach. Paradise. No one else knows about it. That's got to be worth something. What do you say?
Yeah, that's right. Now could you be quiet so I can get some sleep.
You. You're the guy that lent me the money.
Just take it, OK.
Thank you, sir. Thank you. I promise I will repay you.
Here.
If you could see your way to lending me some cash -
I'm sorry. I can't lend you any money.
I'll share something with you.
Just five dollars, please.
I'm really sorry but I just arrived; I'm on a pretty tight budget myself. I just can't afford it.
I'm waiting on some money coming through. It's just that at the moment, you know, I'm short. They're going to chuck me out. On the street in Bangkok, that's bad.
I'm sorry, I don't think so.
Yeah; just ten or fifteen dollars maybe.
Help you out?
Look, I'm sorry to bother you but I was wondering if you could help me out.
Richard. Hi.
I'm Daffy.
Yes?
Excuse me.
I wouldn't know anything about that, sir.
Why not? Thai girls best in the world. Thai food best in the world. Thai dope best in the world.
I don't think so.
You go to Patpong? See smoke from pussy, ping pong ball from pussy, razor blade from pussy; bird from pussy.
Traveler.
What are you doing in Thailand? Tourist?
Fuck off.
What about Moliere?
Was there a shark? Did you see a shark?
She just went under the water. She was pulled under. Oh God, I don't see her.
What happened?
She is gone!
A bit fucking late.
I'm sorry.
Well to be honest, Etienne, I would rather have not known about it.
Nothing. I just thought you ought to know.
Well what the fuck do you expect me to do about it.
Yes.
Big?
I don't know, just a fin. Over there. About a hundred meters.
A shark fin?
A fin!
What!
Richard - I saw a fin!
I think we're about half way.
We're ok.
Everyone ok?
I have no idea but it looks like a long way.
So how many miles do you think it is?
We think in miles, not kilometers.
So?
I don't know - I'm American.
Yeah, OK. Forget it. We won't tell anyone.
Richard, it's secret. That's the whole point.
We're going to swim "one or two kilometers" across open sea, from one uninhabited island to another. Something goes wrong. What then?
Why?
Oh. Great. Not far at all. I don't like to be negative, but do you think we should let someone know where we're going?
One or two kilometers.
Yes, of course I can swim. How far do you think it is?
That's the wrong one.
He will not take us to the island. It's in the National Park and it is forbidden to go there. But we are allowed to travel to this one to stay for one night.
There is one problem.
Nice work.
It's arranged. Tomorrow morning. Eight hundred bath.
Of course, but look; all these people. If that place existed, they'd all be there.
It would be nice though, if there was a place like that. You know, that no one could get to.
We moved rooms because of him.
Oh, that noise! Yes, he certainly did.
She means your neighbor. The Scotsman
The noise? Don't worry. You're on holiday.
Good morning.
Bonjour.
Richard?
Two.
One kilometer
You can swim?
We leave our rucksacks on this island and then we swim.
It was ridiculous; all this at three o'clock in the morning.
But he has been there, off course.
It's on an island that no one get to.
He said if we lent him money h would tell us about a secret beach.
What idiot would lend him money? It would disappear.
He tried to borrow money from us.
If it's too far, then we'll drown. But if we dont try then we'll never know.
Too far?
It's just the sky, Richard.
Sorry. I thought I was doing quite well.
That is just the kind of pretentious bullshit that Englishmen and Americans always say to French girls so that they can sleep with them.
Richard, you know something -
Exactly.
So on one you are rich, on another poor. On one you are a murderer, on another the victim.
There are infinite worlds out there, where anything that can happen does happen.
Incredible.
You realize that in the eternity of space, there is a planet, just like this one, where you are photographing back towards us. You're photographing yourself.
One night I will get the perfect photograph.
I think so too.
Sshh. Etienne will be angry if I wake him. He thinks I waste film taking photographs of the sky.
Francoise -
I think it's a bad idea to tell anyone.
No.
Have you told someone?
Swim?
We swim.
So from there to there?
Hi there. Here, take a look.
Hi.
I hope our noise did not keep you awake.
Not too bad.
Did you sleep well?
Eh - bonsoir.
Bonsoir.
Uh-huh.
So there's an urban myth, well more of a rural myth, going around here at the moment. It's about a beach.
So?
Exactly. Always happened to someone else.
Woman bites chicken leg, turns out to be a mouse. Or a rat. It's an urban myth.
Do you know the Kentucky friend mouse story?"
Where did you lose it?
We lost our key.
Then let Him destroy me now. Let Him crush me like the conceited bully He is.  Go ahead. Kill me. Here I am. Do it!!
And you, if you had come out of Egypt, you would have been destroyed in the desert with those who worshipped the Golden Calf.
I think the whole Jewish people were permanently scarred by what happened on Mt. Moriah, and we still live in terror....
Watch your language....
I do; I follow it. But okay, say God provided the ram. So what? Once Abraham raised the knife, in his heart it was as if he'd killed him. He could never forget that. And neither could Isaac. Look at him: he's traumatized, he's a putz for the rest of his life. By the end he can't tell Jacob from Esau....
No one follows that midrash.
There's midrash supporting this. My father read a book by Shalom Spiegel that -- Isaac actually died and was reborn.
You think?! Based on what?
We have free will and intelligence -- which God allegedly gave us....
But, Danny, if HaShem is everything, and we are nothing how are we to judge His actions?
The Nazis did everything the fhrer told them. You do everything the Torah tells you. Or the rebbe. Identical slave mentality.
They sound like you.
Read the early Zionists on European Jewry; they sound like Goebbels.
They had Sabra and Shattila.
They don't have extermination camps.
They're racist, they're militaristic, they act like bullyboys in the territories....
The Zionists aren't Nazis.
Whereas Avi's a Zionist Nazi.
I rest my case. He's a Jewish Nazi. He always was.
What's a fascist?
What are you doing here, I thought you were a Nazi.
They only kill them when they love them?
Fine, go ahead. Touch the letters.
That's a movie, you moron.
That was an ark, man. That was a Torah. They fucked around with it, and the Torah melted their faces.
What??
Didn't you see <i>Raiders of the Lost Ark</i>?
He's an asshole.
Fucking Danny, man...
She's been giving me the eye. She's hot. So I wait till the owner goes up front....
Are you shitting me?? Right in the store?
...So she takes the pants in back -- where they try them on? And I think fuck it....
Just don't.
Why the fuck not?
Yeah, but not on the letters.
No, you don't.... If you hated them, you'd study them, so you'd know why you hate them. You know what tefillin is? Tsitsis? Shotness? You know the kaddish from the kiddush?  Eichmann? He went to Israel. He studied the Torah, the Talmud, the Mishnah, the whole bit. He hated Jews.
Fuck you. I hate the Jews at least as much as you do.
How come you don't know it?  How can you say you hate the Jews when you don't know anything about --
How come you know all this shit?
The mystics tried to read the white spaces around the letters. They thought there was a whole alternative language hidden there, with secret, alternative meanings.
Fire...
It's called the flame alphabet. It's supposed to be the word of God written in fire.
Let's look at the fucking thing.
I don't, but...
What do you care?
Billings, if Hitler didn't kill six million, why is he your hero?... Concentration camps all over Europe, and he only gets rid of a measly two hundred thousand.... He's a putz.
Yeah. He's a respected scholar. Even No-am Chomsky says he --
Where did you read this? Robert Faurisson?
Danny, it's true. There were no six million. At most, two hundred thousand Jews died in the camps. And the majority of them were from disease and --
Oh, please...
Why'd we have to leave so fast?
Yes.
Do we have to listen to this shit?
We'll go to the country sometime, okay?
You coming?
Read <i>Mein Kampf</i>? Hitler had all his best ideas in prison.
What, do you like it here?
Then I won't bring you....
Bring your friends.... We're not his friends.
Who am I?? Who are you, you schmucks, you can't even make a decent swastika.... Give me the paint.  Give it to me.
Who the fuck are you?
What do you think you're doing?
Maybe I am. Maybe we're all Jews now. What's the difference?
You're a Jew. Maybe you don't realize it, but you are.
You will.
I don't care about money.
No, they don't. Not the smart ones.  Look, I'll give you five grand if you can document your tax-exempt status.... But when you fall off this horse, come see me. I can show you how to make a lot of money.
People still need values, beliefs....
Forget the Jewish stuff. It doesn't play anymore.  There's only the market, now, and it doesn't care who you are.
Yeah, I read your piece. It's very smart. And very wrong.
Actually, I think this moment has possibilities that --
Fifty's an exaggeration. Anyway, that was a different moment. Things were possible that aren't now.
You gave fifty thousand to that college magazine.
This? This is a joke.  I'll give your group a thousand bucks.
I have a job.
You write that?  Come work for me. You've got a lot to learn; I can teach it to you.
You don't own this place.
You gotta get out of here.
Miriam called, looking for you. She said you might come, so I...
You eat first, then you light.  Once you light, it's Yom Kippur, which means you're fasting, so you can't...eat.
Look, just light the candles with me. Then we'll eat. You have to eat.
Yeah, okay. But what if...what if... submitting...being crushed, being nothing, not mattering, what if that's the best feeling we can have?
And be crushed.
He commands it whether He exists or not...  Look, we can fight him and be crushed. Or we can submit.
Nothing.  Why are you doing this?  I thought God didn't exist.
No. What are you looking for?
Shit...  Did you talk to your mother today?
I don't know. I just want to try it.
Is it like Eichmann? Are we goofing?
Come on, we can be like Eichmann. He studied Torah. He hated Jews.
Lina, come here!
You can't. Do you know how many people I've brought into...the movement...?
I mean kiddush. Let's say kiddush. And shave my head, fuck through a sheet, all that stuff...  Come on, just for fun. To see what it's like...
Kaddish is the prayer for the dead.
Okay...  Why don't we light candles on Friday? Let's light candles.... And say the kaddish.
You want a punch in the mouth?
'Cause he wasn't a rabbi.
Believe me, Adolf Hitler couldn't possibly have hated the Jews as much as I do. Not in a billion years. You know why?
Is that why you became a Nazi? So you could talk about Jews incessantly?
The real Nazis. Hitler, Goebbels, they talked about Jews incessantly.... You ever read their diaries?...
Do they?
Nazis talk about it all the time.
It's all you talk about. Jewish, Jewish, Jewish. Nobody talks about it that much except the Jews.
What...? You think I'm Jewish?
Oh, am I learning it faster than you did? Maybe I'm smarter.
Plus you have nothing else to do all day.
I told you, I'm good at this.
You're learning the Hebrew really fast.
Judaism doesn't even need God. You have the Torah, the law. That's your fucking God....  The book's closed.
No, I think you shouldn't.
You think I should just because there's no reason?
You shouldn't.
Why should I submit?
Don't curse in front of it.
Fuck that.
No. Nothing follows. You don't do it because it's smart or stupid or it saves your soul. You're not saved. Nobody's saved. You do it because the Torah tells you do. You submit to the Torah.
And belief follows?
About doing things. You light candles, say prayers, keep the Sabbath, visit the sick....
What's it about?
Nothing but nothingness...Judaism's not about belief.
Christianity's silly, but at least there's something to believe in. Or not believe. Judaism there's nothing.
No difference.
V'asitem lechem pessel to-monat. And make no graven image of the Lord, or the form of any figure, or of man or woman, or beast or fowl or fish or anything that looks like anything. Because He's not like anything. Not only can't you see Him or hear Him, you can't even think about Him. I mean, what's the difference between that and Him not existing?
V'asitem...
Payn tash-chiton v'ashiytem...
Vuv...Zayin...Chet...Tet...
With you there's a tragic dimension.
Even though his dick is so big?
The sex is better.
They don't put them in the Torah. I'll get you a chumash, they'll have them there...Bet...Gimel...Dalid...Hay...  How come you're here instead of with Curtis? Besides the Hebrew lessons...
Where are they?
It's silent. It holds a place, takes a vowel. The vowels are little dots that go under the letters.
It looks a little like a swastika.
Good question. Both.  Aleph...
Who gets contaminated, the Jews or the gentiles?
You can't curse in front of it either.
What assholes.
See, the Jews love to separate things: the holy from the profane, milk from meat, wool from linen, the Sabbath from the week, the Jew from the gentile.... As if one little scrap of this was going to completely contaminate that.
Yeah, it's stupid.  Put it on, or I won't teach you.
That's stupid.
They think it's the word of God, and it's holy, and the flesh isn't....
Why not?
Put something on. You're not supposed to be naked in front of it.
I'm good at languages.
Hebrew's very difficult. It would take years.
Know your enemy.... 'Cause it's a basic text of Western culture. I want to read it in the original. Okay?
Why?
I want to learn to read it.
And God said to Avram, take yourself away from your land and from the place you were born and from your father's house into the land -- a different land -- and I will show you....
What's it mean?
Va-yomer adonai el Avram: lech lecha mayartzcha oo-mimohlad-tcha oo-m'bayt avaycha el ha-ertez asher arecha...
Oh, yeah... 
Va-yomer... And he said.  It goes the other way.
'Cause I want to know.... What is this word? This one here...
What do you care?
But you can read it, the Hebrew.... Right?
No.
Do you know it like that? By heart.
That was a later invention, it's not in the scrolls.... Anyway, the Jews know where the sentences end. They know the whole thing by heart. Every word. Every letter.
How come there's no punctuation?
I stole it. From a synagogue.
Where'd you get this?
No.
I'm coming to your room tonight.
He's at a home out here.
Your father??
You can't.
When can I see you?
I'm talking to you right now. Who's Linda?
Why won't you talk to me?
Who's Linda?
Then how come you're talking to me?
Bigger and better.
Oh, really?
Too many good players down here. I'm with one right now.
You weren't complaining about my play last time.
I bet. He didn't realize that nobody who talks such a good game ever plays one.
Yes, I am. Basically I am.
You're not like the others, are you?... Your friends.
That's stupid. Why would they?
You think people ever commit suicide out of happiness?
Killing himself.
What's he care about?
I guess. His parents are. He doesn't care about that.
Is he a Nazi?
He's in a mental institution.... He's been there for ten years, off and on. Mostly on.
Are they still together?
They're my father's. He's from Argentina. My mother's family went there during the war. That's where they met.
How come so many of the books are in Spanish?
"And the words fell apart in my mouth like moldering mushrooms..."
"...<i>und die Worte zerfielen mir im Munde wie modrige Pilze</i>..."
You want it to be an event.
Why no silencer?
I just read it....
Where'd you read all that stuff?
I work at the Big Boy warehouse. In Queens. I drive a fork-lift.
You're not in school? What do you do?
At first, no one will know why the victims are being killed.
Which is what?
Abstraction. They're obsessed with abstraction.
Disease? What disease?
The point is, the modern world is a Jewish disease.
Too Christian. You know Jameson? Paul Virilio?
Too difficult?
Nobody reads that stuff anymore.
Have you read Toynbee? Spengler?
Why don't you come visit, we'll have a rematch.
That's a much easier game.
He called me up. He wanted to talk to me about my ideas.
I doubt it. How did you find out?
I didn't notice his shoes.... Did your mother know he was there?
Really, which one? I bet it was the guy with the Prada shoes.
Did you know that there was a <i>New York Times</i> reporter there that night?
I don't. I was just curious how full of shit you were.
I didn't realize you cared.
Yeah, I remember.... Kill any Jews yet?
Carla?... It's me, Danny...Danny Balint...? We met at that...[meeting at your house.]
I'm stealing it.
Why are you taking that?
Nothing. Let's go....
What'd you say?
Shema yisrael adonai elohenu adonai echod.
Who's Eichmann?!!?
Who's Eichmann?
I'll go look....
I thought there were people here....
We need intellectuals, we have enough thugs already.
Danny, the night we met, you said the name Ilio Manzetti. We were impressed. We were excited. But here it is September, and Mr. Manzetti is still walking around breathing the air.
He's Jewish? Manzetti?
An investment banking house.
Lina, the Thousand-Year Reich barely lasted a decade.... Do you really want to go down that road again? In America of all places, where obedience and discipline are not exactly the national virtues...
It's a romantic movement, Curtis. It always has been.
Yes, of course. But that only plays in this room, with people who aren't embarrassed to call themselves Nazis. If you want a modern fascism, you don't mention Jews.
Did you see how they reacted to him?
...I thought we agreed, no anti- Semitism...it's exactly what we're trying to put behind us.... Trash the blacks, fine; but...
I've been stuck out in the country with those guys who just want to paint swastikas and heil Hitler. How am I supposed to -- 
That doesn't seem to be happening, does it?
What about...Manzetti, the synagogues....
I've been waiting all my life for something like this.
We want to build bridges to certain positions in the political mainstream: works like <i>The Bell Curve</i>, <i>Sociobiology</i>, anti-Zionism, anti- immigration, the com-munitarian issue.... We'll hold conferences: invite liberals, blacks, Jews. Chomsky, Cockburn, Stanley Crouch, Shahack....
What's that?  Okay. Surprise us...
A week or so. There's something I want to do here first.
They left an hour ago.  You mind some personal advice? Forget Carla. That's not the side your bread's buttered on.  How soon can you get back to the city?
What about Mrs. Moebius and...?
Leo Strauss...  I've got to go to Boston. I came to say goodbye.
It's the truth....
I'm sure they are. But what do we accomplish by pointing it out?
They're liars and cowards.
...Insulting people who were in the camps. ...What's the point?
I'd have to research it, study his routines, his security.... But ideally on a New York street at midday, using a small-caliber automatic without a silencer.
How would you kill him?
Totally. The family emigrated from Bulgaria when he was eleven.
Isn't that what we want? Germany all over again? Only done right this time...
But when it comes out, the public will be outraged. It will look like Germany all over again.
I'd say nothing. After two or three, people will try to find a pattern. A reason.
You wouldn't announce it?
No, but deep down, beneath the "tolerance" they learn on television, nothing's changed. The very word makes their skin crawl.  It isn't even hate, really. It's more the way we feel when a rat runs across the floor. We want to step on it. Crush it. We don't even know why. It's a physical reaction. Everyone feels it.
They used to. Today it's not an issue.
People hate Jews. Do you agree?
That would be a catastrophic mistake.
Decentralized, nonviolent, increasingly mainstream. We'll see antiabortion, anti-immigration groups form alliances with the gun lobby, Christian identity types, tax resisters and even some libertarians....
Obviously.
More cultural than political.
Get the fuck away from me.
It's too late.... If I didn't, somebody else would.  Yom Kippur starts at sundown. Will you go to synagogue?
If I tell you, will you pull the story? Not write about me?
Who killed Manzetti?
Yeah, and what are you? A <i>Times</i> man? A Presbyterian? Impotent? A prick?
I don't think you know what you are.
You work for the <i>New York Times</i>. Your whole job in life is not to understand things like me.
Explain it so I can.
I don't. Look, stay out of what you don't understand.
How do you reconcile the two?
What were you, following me?
Two days ago you addressed a Nazi rally. Last week you went to a Torah study group.
No.
Did you kill Ilio Manzetti?
Yes. Infinitely more. They would become as God.
But if the Jews are strengthened by hate, wouldn't this "destruction" you speak of -- by love or by any other means -- in fact make them more powerful than they are already?
Does that mean you deny what he says is true? Yes or no.
It's slander. It's reckless disregard. I'll sue you and your fucking Jew paper.
Give me a reason not to.
To discredit me. Because I know who they are. Look, I thought I explained it to you. Those people can say or do anything. And they will. It's all narrative to them, it's... Are you going to print what this guy said?
Why would Nadelman lie?
Listen to me....
That's what I'm trying to find out, Danny. Who am I fucking with here?
Do you know who you're fucking with here?
Were you ever bar mitzvahed anywhere else?
Look at me.  DO I look Jewish?  Look...
So you're saying it's not true.
You believe that? And you call yourself a reporter?
He says you were bar mitzvahed there, in March 1988.
Who? How would I know him?
Do you know Rabbi Stanley Nadelman? He used to be at Congregation Beth Elohim in Ozone Park...?
What? Excuse me?...  You're kidding, right?
Differences exist, of course, but they're irrelevant. For the Jew, his Jewishness dominates everything. Even the ones who renounce it, who hate it, who want to cut it out of their hearts a knife...can't escape. They're still just Jews.
Are all Jews the same?
Notice the Israelis: a fundamentally secular society. They no longer need Judaism because they have soil. The real Jew is a wanderer, a nomad. He has no roots, no attachments. So he "universalizes" everything. He can't hammer a nail, plow a field. He can only buy and sell, invest capital, manipulate markets. He takes the life of a people rooted in soil and turns it into a cosmopolitan culture based on books, ideas, numbers. This is his strength....  Take the great Jewish minds: Marx, Freud, Einstein. What have they given us: communism, infantile sexuality and the atom bomb. In a mere three centuries since these guys emerged from the ghettos of Europe, they've taken us from a world built on order and reason and hurled us into a chaos of class warfare, irrational urges and relativity, a world where the very existence of matter and meaning is in doubt. Why? Because it is the deepest impulse of the Jewish soul to unravel the very fabric of life until nothing is left but thread, nothing but nothingness. Nothingness without end...
Of course they're Jews.
Those aren't Jews.
He has Israel.
Deracinate... Tear out the roots. A people -- a real people -- derives its genius from the land: the sun, the sea, the soil. This is how they know themselves. But the Jew doesn't have soil.
The Jews clearly control the media and the banks. Investment banks, not the commercial ones. But the point is they carry out in those realms the same principles they display in sexuality. They undermine traditional life; they deracinate society.
So, fine, it's not that the Jew, the Jews own the media and the banks. It's that they're sexually corrupt.
Let's just say I've done due diligence.
Danny, what makes you think you know all this?
You're not listening. He isn't better. He gives pleasure, but that's actually a weakness.
Does that mean the Jew is the better lover?
Real men -- white, Christian men -- we fuck a woman. We make her come with our cocks. But the Jew doesn't like to penetrate and thrust -- he can't assert himself that directly -- so he resorts to perversions. Oral sex is technically a perversion, you know that, don't you?  After a woman has been with a Jewish man, she never wants a normal partner again. A normal man.
Female...
Because the Jew is essentially female.
Why?
Yes. It's very pleasurable. But the Jews are obsessed with it. You know why?
Everybody likes to, don't they?
And Jewish men like to get it.
I don't know. Is that right?
Jewish girls like to give head, right?
Notice? Like what...?
And? WHat did you notice?
What's that go to do with...I've gone out with a, with Jewish women. Why?
Did you ever fuck one, Guy?
What??!?
You ever fuck a Jewish girl?
Sexuality??? What do you mean?
Let me give you an example.... Sexuality.
A poison...?
The Jews are different.... Blacks are disgusting and inferior, but it's like criticizing a retarded child. The Jews are...a poison in the human well....
Danny, what about the Jews?
German. Mine, too. So who do you think's given more to the world, the Germans -- Beethoven, Goethe, Nietzsche -- or the entire continent of Africa? Ibos, Bantus, Mandingos...
My mother's family is French, my father's was German, originally.
What should I be, a white inferior- ist? A multicultural Zulu egalitarian? Let me ask, where are your people from?
It helps me concentrate.... So does that mean you're a white supremacist?
In the movement -- the racialist movement -- we believe there's a hierarchy of the races. Not just in IQ, but in the civilization, the art, the forms of government, the civilizations that each race produces... Why are you writing this down if you're recording it?
The other night you said the modern world is a Jewish disease. Could you elaborate on that?
I agree.
Curtis is a politician -- and a bit of a hustler. He's not a thinker.
What about Curtis Zampf?
I'm trying to figure out where the radical right is going to next....I thought you were the most interesting person at that meeting.
No... Yeah, fine, go ahead... So what's this about? Is this about me?
Is it okay if I record this?
There's a bomb here. It's going to go off at seven-thirty.
You shut up. Who do you think you are?
Fucking kike.
Danny, I'm trying to -- save you.
The truth doesn't mean anything to you, does it?
Think about your father. Your sister.
I can't say that.
And only talked about killing Manzetti to convince them you were an anti-Semite. If you'd had any idea somebody would take it seriously, you never would have said it.
But I wasn't.
All right, what if all along you were actually infiltrating the Nazis -- to expose them....
I was just talking. I -- look, I can't help what I think.
So are you... But they'll believe you....  Lina Moebius is saying the whole thing was your idea. That you proposed it in a meeting at her house.  Ah, Jesus, Danny... What were you thinking? Are you glad Manzetti's dead? Do you really want to kill Jews? You want to kill me?
You're lying.
It was a nine millimeter.
A forty-five.
You're telling me you killed him? You? Killed him? Bullshit. What kind of gun did you use?
With the shoes... There was more than one?
Which <i>Times</i> guy?
You mean the <i>Times</i> guy?
I work in the DA's office. You go to those meetings, half the people there are informants.
How did you...?
Tell me about Lina Moebius.
This is me.
I can't help what I think.
You know the joke: a Jew's shipwrecked on a desert island. When they rescue him, they see he's built two synagogues. They say, for vhat do you need two synagogues? He says, vun to pray in, and vun I'd never set foot in so long as I live, so help me God.  You pray in the one you'd never set foot in...and vice versa.
Point out all the lies and fucked-up thinking.
That doesn't mean I don't like hearing it.
I thought you hated Torah.
To hear them read Torah.
Why did you come tonight? To see me?
The arguments, anyway.
I always won.
Yes!
No!
...I want you to do it on the outside, too.
Don't tell me what I --
You do it on the inside....
I don't do that.
I want you to say kaddish for her. It's the only thing she asked from us....
How did you get the fucking number?
Lina, you said if I was going to plant a bomb, I should --
Beth Shalom? What are you talking about? Who is this...?
Beth Shalom. Like you wanted.
What is happening?
Lina... It's happening. Tonight.
Hello...?
We want to talk to you about something....  We're about to launch an aboveground, intellectually serious fascist movement.
Fine.
How have things been going?
Forget Manzetti.... Take on something simple. Something you can actually accomplish.  Maybe he'd be more valuable in the city.
You mean Ilio Manzetti?
Do you feel you're making progress here?
Ilio Manzetti...former ambassador to France. Managing partner at Damon, Schwarzchild.
So what Jew would you kill first?
We're already marginal. We are saying what no one else has the guts to say. Isn't that precisely our appeal?
Curtis is afraid you'll marginalize us.
Without blood -- a willingness to spill it -- there's no real power, no authority.
I was going to ask you the same thing.
Are you with the FBI, Mr. Balint?... Or any other law enforcement agency?
From the Rhineland originally.
What part of Germany are you people from?
It's German.
Balint?
Daniel Balint.
Lina Moebius. And you are...?
Steve's going to explain it.
Steve...
But you already talked about it: you said it's not stupid. Why isn't it stupid?
I'm not here to talk about religious law, if you don't like --
You can have chicken with eggs but not with milk. Why is that?
No, I don't admit it's stupid.
But it's stupid, right? You admit it's stupid.
Look, you want cheese, go someplace else.
The Bible only says don't seethe a kid in its mother's milk. But chickens don't give milk.
That's meat.
What about chicken?
You can heat them up and eat with him.
I've got to get back to the --
Do you know them?  I made him some noodles for dinner. You can heat them up and --
Nobody ever beat me up.  Look, Linda, there're fifty reasons. Even if you knew them all, there'd be another fifty you didn't know.
The Polacks? From Sacred Heart?
What kids?...
Is this because of those kids who used to beat you up?
Oh, he decides? Hitler's the chief rabbi now?...
Tell it to Hitler.
They're not my people....
Ah, Jesus Christ, Danny, how can you wear that thing?... You know what it means? To your people...
Why deprive him of his greatest pleasure?
Then he couldn't be bitter about living alone.
He's going to die.  He won't take his medicine. He eats dairy. He probably still smokes when I'm not around.  I asked him to come live with us. Alex offered to share his room, unsolicited.... But he didn't want to be any trouble.
I just came to get some stuff. I'll be out in five minutes.  He doesn't want me around.
What are you doing here?
Can anybody imagine why I would say a Jewish prayer?
A Jewish prayer.
Who knows what that is?
No, it's...yeah, it's true, but... how'd you get this number?... No, not here... Maybe Sunday? There's a place off Queens Blvd. Near the courthouse...
Isn't it true?
Who told you that?
I'm doing a piece on right-wing groups, post Oklahoma City. I hear you're an important figure in those circles. You have a lot of interesting ideas....
<i>New York Times</i>...?
Daniel Balint? My name's Guy Danielsen. I'm a reporter with the <i>New York Times</i>.
Hello...?
So that's what? Nineteen thirty minutes...what time is it now...
Seven-thirty tomorrow evening.
When do you want it to go off?
Just do it.
It's not going to be fine. It's --
No, it has to be tomorrow. You won't get this many of them in here for another year. It'll be fine.
If I went back to the lumberyard, the guy'd give me all the dynamite I wanted. Untraceable, you wouldn't -- need to...
I have an idea....
Where?
Take a right on 59th...  We'll put it someplace else.
So what do we do with the device?
The Manzetti thing must have scared her. She thinks she'll get implicated.
Why? Why would she?
Mrs. Moebius.
Who even knew?
They don't. I checked twenty times.... Somebody must have talked.
You said they didn't have night guards.
Not too fast.
Christ...
Keep driving. Don't slow down.
Oh, what is this shit?
I'm not hungry.... Come on, let's drive around.... We don't want to be spotted here.
Didn't you get anything?
It'll be enough if we use it right.  Okay, the service'll go about another hour. Say an hour for the janitors, then one more just to be safe... We'll go in at midnight.
That's all we've got left.
No, it's weird, man. Nobody knows where he went.
What about Drake, did he ever show up?
It will.
I've gotta kill some Jews, Kyle. I'm serious. I'm always talking about it. This time it's gotta happen.
I'm sorry, Danny. It won't happen again. I'm going to use a brand-new power cell. Plus we'll have a back-up timer.
That damn thing. You know how it made me look...?
This will be a different kind of device.
Here...
Open it up.
What...?
Shut up. Fuck you....
Green dot -- shotgun powder. For pipe bombs.  A guy in a lumberyard gave it to me. A donation to the cause.
What is it?
The mother.
Which one were you aiming at?
You look right through him. He's there, but there's something on the other side of him that you want. It's all you want. And whatever's in the way doesn't matter.... Then it's easy.
Get out of here....
You could do it.
That was unbelievable what you did to Lucas. The guy's an animal.
Her place is down the road. But she just comes out for weekends sometimes.
Where's Mrs. Moebius?
Number ten.
Which was his room?
Get out of my way.
Danny, listen, people expect me to daven; they don't want someone they don't know -- leading their prayers.
Shut up...
Listen, Danny, you can't just barge in and --
Wow, that's uh...great...
She's at Yale Law -- interning with the district attorney...  We're getting married next spring. In Israel.
Yeah, hey, how're you doing...
You remember Miriam....
No, no... Not that kind of... underground. More a private... business. Private.
Are you an artist?
I'm in a kind of...underground...thing.
What about you? What are you doing? Something strange, I bet.
JTS...?
I'm in the rabbinic program at JTS...
Yeah, uh... So how are you? What's going on?
Jeez, it's been since, what, Kenny's wedding.
What's that?
I didn't. I told you, I can't --
You missed on purpose.
Just get him in the cross-hairs. With those shells, anywhere you hit him, it'll bounce around, rip his insides all up.
I'm a bad shot. I don't think I can --
Shoot him in the head. Always shoot a Jew in the head.
I was a Jew in a previous life.
How?
I can tell....
How did you know they were Jews?
Four. But no one this important.
Who'd you kill?
You want to kill a Jew. I already did.
Why me?
Lie on your stomach and come up on your elbows.
...We have nothing to learn from these people. They should learn from us.
Where do you think you're going?
What do you think you should have done?
Okay, that's it. You're going back to --
SO THEY SHOT HIM! SO HE WAS DEAD. SO WHAT. HE'S WORSE THAN DEAD NOW. HE'S A PIECE OF SHIT...
The Nazi's killing his kid. He could've jumped the guy. He could've gouged his eyes out, grabbed the bayonet and gutted him.... What would you have done if they were killing your son?
You can't say that....
What did you do while the sergeant was killing your son?
What are you trying to say?
And what did you do?
Just a little... What's the difference?
Linda says you're not supposed to have dairy.
There's some maple walnut in the freezer.
Valentine...
'Cause they got rid of Johnson. He knew how to deal with the assholes. Dallas Green, please...
And that's when the Mets started to stink.
After your mother died, that's when you stopped going to shul. Doing your homework. Everything.
He was funny.
Not like Mr. Dorfmann.
Funny?
Adam Sandler.
Obviously.
Howard Stern.
No.
Leary?
Dennis Leary.
Who's this?
Exactly.
"Do chickens give milk?"
The Torah says not to light a fire on the Sabbath, because it's work, correct?  But if alternating current's running through the wires every second of every day, and I throw a switch, send it here instead of there, how is that lighting a fire?
Do I give a shit?
It's Friday....
Danny, please, we don't want to know.
Do you think I...
I was just trying to make a point. If --
Are you out of your mind?!
Danny, please. Just give your speech.... And nothing about Jews, okay?
We redesigned the timing mechanism. It can't possibly malfunction.
What?
We tested the new bomb.
I don't care what they are. I know those people, and I don't like them. The rest are just a bunch of kikes, aren't they?
They're not that Jewish.
So what?
Beth Shalom? It's Reform.
Do you have a suit?  Let's get him one.... And a cell phone too.  And if you insist on blowing up a synagogue, make it that big one on Fifth Avenue, would you?
Look, if you want to kill Jews on your free time, fine. We need you to raise money. Will you do that for us?
I'm not an intellectual.... I mean, I read, but... Fund-raising isn't what I...
We think you'd be good at it.
Fund-raising??
We want you to help run it. Give speeches, lead seminars... Handle the fund-raising.
As you know, Cindy, thirteen is a mystical number in the Jewish faith. We believe that God has thirteen attributes...
Oh, fuck you...
And let us say...
EAT SHIT, ASSHOLES....
...May you be blessed in your going forth as you were in your coming....
Eat shit....
May He cause the light of His countenance to shine upon you and be gracious unto you....
And so, on this, the most solemn day of the Jewish year, a former yeshiva student is being sought in connection with a monstrous hate crime that --
Curtis is always more complicated than he seems. Even now.
The papers are going to report tomorrow that your colleague, Curtis Zampf, has been a federal informant for the past two years. Do you believe that?
Yes, and they were said to be the most virulent proponents of the Final Solution. Really, who but a Jew would want to kill Ilio Manzetti simply because he was Jewish? Who thinks about such things?
In the Third Reich, weren't a number of high-ranking Nazis of Jewish origin?
I think anti-semitism today is largely a Jewish phenomenon. Wouldn't you agree?
What do you mean?
None whatsoever. But I have to admit, I'm not terribly surprised.
...You're saying that when he first appeared at your house, you had no idea he was Jewish....
... You take care of yourself, Johana.
Not yet... I'm waiting for the right moment.
Did you tell him?
I don't have the strength to fight off la Mamma... Anyway who wants to spend their whole life waiting at the end of a pier.
Bonita, you shouldn't be discouraged so easily.
Of course.
Yes...  Could you please give this to Enzo.
You're leaving?
Very much, I think.  But, there's going to be a problem.
And you...?  Do you love Enzo?
Well, you're going to have to tell him, sometime!
Probably not, but I still don't have the nerve to tell him.
But your man isn't quite a God!
I was thinking of something kinda stupid last night.  You know those women in the greek mythology that made love with the Gods.  Take Leda for example, sleeping with Jupiter, who came to earth as a swan... Well, can you imagine Leda announcing to her swan "You're going to be a father, my little chick-a-dee"?
I can't... I just don't know how to...
Maybe you should talk to him about it.
No.
Does he know?
Yes.
Are you going to keep it?
... I'm pregnant, Bonita!
I think, he's really nice... He's a funny guy... sometimes even very moving.
Yes.  Not like Enzo.
He's shy, not like Enzo.
... Maybe, if Jacques will let me fix up the place a little.
You're going to live here permanently?
Yes, isn't it wonderful?  I'm so happy.  I'll bet I'm the happiest pregnant fired person in the world!
He seems to have won it.
No.  He's French, he was just in Italy for the competition.
The Italian, I presume?
Will that interfere with my getting maternity leave?  I'm pregnant.
You're right.  You're fired.
Remember when I went to Italy and canceled the policy on the new stadium.  Well, we weren't being cheated by the Mafia or anybody except maybe by me...  ... Do they come for lunch everyday? I really went on my own business, to see a man that I happen to be in love with... and I'm glad I did it, but I'm sorry about the policy and I'll be happy to make up the money the company didn't get... of course just now I don't have...  One million, four hundred and ten thousand dollars.  But if you were to dock my salary, say, twenty dollars a week, in a few hundred years we'd be even... and I think this is where you fire me?
Yes.  Of course.  Very wise.
I came to make a clean breast of everything... the whole business.
Good afternoon.
Italian is practically the same thing.
I thought it was Spanish that you spoke?
I tried him, he can't go.  His son is being Bar Mitzvohed tomorrow... I'll go, boss.
I'll send Cardoza, he'll be able to...
We have to send somebody over there immediately!  If we prove the forgery we can cancel the policy. We'll be off the hook.  There's a flight to Rome in two hours and from there its just a short hop to Sicily.
It can't be true!
Yes!  The notary is a phony.  He has the same signature as the contractor!
No!
The documents are forged.
What's happened??
The mafia!  La Cosa Nostra!
What d'you mean?
Listen, I just found out we've got real problems in Sicily!
... So am I.
My God!  I'm glad I didn't go.
Like a popsicle.  They're keeping him on a stick until spring.
Did the driver really freeze?
I said that the file is incomplete.
Sorry.  Of course not, definitely not... well, maybe a little.  What did you say?
Johana, am I boring you?
What kind?
This is good work... unfortunately it's incomplete.  Could you eat a sandwich 40 floors above the street.
The fool was asleep!  If I weren't around, he'd already be dead!!! Is that who you want to live with?
Is he alright?  What happened?
That idiot!
Five minutes and fifty seconds.
Because he won't understand and it will just hurt you... Jacques has been put on earth by complete mistake.  And he's only waiting for one thing:  that some God up there will turn him into a fish! How long has that moron been down there?
Why?
Don't.
... Not yet.
You told Bonita, but you didn't tell him, right?
How do you know that?
You really think so?  Did you tell him you were pregnant?
He can learn.  He is learning.
No.  Jacques is a creature of the sea.  He isn't meant to live on earth, among us... You should know this, Johana.
A little... You think it's the same for Jacques?
I dive in search of God.  If I go deep enough I'm going to find him.
I won't, I swear.
Because you'd laugh.
Damn it!  Why won't you give me a straight answer, for once?!
You risk your life when you cross the street.
You know what I'm talking about.
What else is there?
Enzo, why do you guys do this?
Checking out the competition.
What are you doing here?
Okay, now we have a good five minutes to have a nice peaceful talk.
Enzo!
Jacques!  Johana!
No, it's the recipe for spaghetti "Frutti del mare".  You see I was right in getting you out here.  You're a world champion, my friend!
Is it a poem?
Good night Enzo, Good night Jacques.
Yes, the Mamma is is there.
The Mamma's there too.
Sinister is what I'd call it...! Ours is so much cheerful!  Why don't you come and stay with me... There's plenty of room in my suite.
... It's a comfortable place.
Yes...
You going to sleep here, all by yourself?
Well, good night, then...
Enzo, stop bitching, will you?
And the lights!  Running lights, stealing stretchers...!  You'll have us in jail.
Don't you agree, Jacques?
Congratulations, Enzo.
... It's easy.  You go down.  You come up.  ... Right, Johana?
Okay.
Tonight we're having a little party among ourselves.  8 o'clock in my suite?
Listen to her!  "That's what he's here for"!  He's here to loose, that's what he's here for.  First of all, I'm unbeatable.  Second, how old are you?
... That's what he's here for, isn't he?
He looks me in the eye like some fuckin' gold fish, and says:  "I'm going to beat you".
No.
Huh?  Well listen to him!  Do you hear that?
Italy!
And just where are you from?
Exactly!  What is it Johana?  You're so crazy about him, you don't see the truth?!
I get it, Enzo you were a superior child.
Little.  Very little.  And skinny, very skinny too.  That is compared to me.
What was he like, when he was little?
Forever.  We used to live on the same island in Greece, when we were kids.
Have you known him long?
He looks strange, doesn't he? Like a baby that just learned to walk.
You'll be lovely, but no thanks.  Jacques, would you do a native dance for me?
Yes, of course, I'll do the Hula!
You forgot the Hula!
I'll take you there.  We'll live in the sun.  You'll cook fresh fish and we'll make love under the coconut trees.
No.
A new world record!  That's great! It gives me something to beat tomorrow!  You ever been to Tahiti?
Some people say it's the most virile sport in the world.  One has to admit that when you see those men diving head first in that deep blue sea, all muscles contracted in one super human effort...
Congratulations.
I might have known.  As I was telling you earlier, I'm the world champion free diver.
In a lake.
Where did you two meet?
I think I'll have a coffee.
A spaghetti del mare for the super dedicated traveling insurance agent.
It's the Free Diving World Championship.  I am by the way world champion!
I wish, but it's full.  They recommended a pension in town. They say that all of Taormina is full.  What's going on here?
Johana Cross, pleased to meet you.  Well!  Isn't this a coincidence. I really wasn't expecting this... All the way out here.  It's incredible!
This is a great pleasure.
Enzo Molinari.
Yes.
You know each other?
Hello!
I tell you she's mine!
What does that mean?
In my village, we have a saying: when the wind blows, the flags of all nations flap in the same direction.
You're going to hold me up at a time like this?
Dollars.
Lira?
Ten thousand.
How many are, down there?
The company asked me to extract everything I could from the wreck; so the divers were trying to get at the engine... and then the boat turned over... in the current... and... look, I fucked up!  Can you help?
How did it happen?
He's training.
Is he here?
"That"!  This is not a "that"...
Where did you get that?
I'm meditating, can't you see? Jacques does two hours of yoga before going down.  I can take a five minute nap, can't I?
The medics are looking all over for you.
Eh?  Si!  Avanti!
Enzo, wake up!
Very chic.  Anyway, you don't have anything else, do you?
What about the shoes?
Find the Frenchman.  Find me Mayol.
Yes?
A rosary for Mama, a dress for
Enzo, really.  What are you going to get?
Then tell him to wax it too.
Santini will do that for 25 dollars!
Have the car painted.
Enzo, what are you going to do with the money?
Six seconds.
Roberto?  How long?
Hey!  D'you have any other complaints?  Just make a list and we'll stick it on the porthole! Okay?
Is that alcohol?  Are you out of your mind?  Alcohol is strictly forbidden.
Try speaking to me?
For others, yes... For you, who knows?
And... does the voice come back?
It's nothing.  It's just the helium, because of the air pressure.
What's with the voice?
I didn't say...  Brussels!
And where did you say you were from?
Noireuter.
... What's your name again?
The rules are the rules.
Listen we're not supposed to piss either but that doesn't stop you from carrying "it" on board?!
You shouldn't even carry cigarettes on board!
It isn't lit yet.
Smoking is absolutely forbidden.
Plenty of women everywhere right?
Jacques, take me back down... Please.
I can't.
... Push me back in the water...
... It is much better down there. It's a better place.
... I was right about what?
You were right.
Well that's very nice of you.
No!  I would never cheat you.
You say that because you have the title!
It's not safe, they say.  The doctors say it isn't possible to go deeper and live.  Free diving is over as a sport.
We can't dive anymore.  They want to cancel the competition for a while.
I'm concentrating.
Long enough to die.  Listen, if you really want to die, that's your problem, but don't do it under my nose, okay?
... How long was I asleep?
Enzo, don't be angry.  I was lucky... that's all.
That's good.
Thank you, thank you very much!
Enzo, Enzo!  Congratulations!
It's never the sea!  It's Roberto, Mamma, that stupid actress... Oh shit!  Jacques, what do you know?
I've had many... when the sea doesn't want you.
Anybody can have a bad day!
Thank you.
I give you this.  You're stubborn... Dumb, but stubborn.
... Yes.
You'd rather think about it and make yourself miserable?
I don't want to erase anything.
... I was seventeen, I loved her so much I tried to die for her. Two years later I couldn't even remember her name!  Let me tell you, time erases everything!
So what!?  His job is to hand out the paychecks.  And he does that very well, let me tell you.
He doesn't like us.
No problem, I enjoy talking in my sleep.
Can I come in?
Oh it's nothing.  I knew it.  I told Roberto "He's very good that little Frenchman, very good".  I lost my title but I won a watch!
No.  Thank you.  It's really beautiful.
You don't have that one, do you?
Yes.
You still collect them?
Little presents, nothing much... I knew it, I just knew it!  Look here!
What is it?
Here...  Here...
The dolphins aren't the only ones who don't feel very good sometimes.
What?
You don't need a stretcher to take her with you.  You know that, don't you?
Good night.
Driving isn't the problem, it's remembering the right road.
Hey!  Will you slow down!  When did you learn how to drive?
... I'm listening.
No, I have to ask you a favor...  You're the only one who'll understand.
Because pasta should be eaten "Al Dente".  So the trinket will just have to wait a bit.
Tell me, why don't you go and get your medal?
Look at me.  These aren't lungs. These are... Tanks.  How long can you hold your breath?
The size of the lungs has nothing to do with it!
As I said, second of all you're too skinny.  You've got tiny lungs. I still don't understand how you can dive without getting sick.
Two years younger than you.
If we don't... I'm going to beat you.
Why?
Well... about everything.
Everything about what?
... Everything.
No... It depends... Sometimes they are... What, exactly do you want to know?
Why?  Are they what's most important?
Ah ha.  You finally want to know about women.
Today at lunch, you asked me if I had any questions.
... For the mermaids.
Why?
Then, it's very chic.  Avanti!
No.
Get in the car!
I'm a little tired, I don't know if...
C'mon, you two... Jacques, we have to get ready for the ceremony tonight.  We have a new world champion.
... And his friend, Johana...
Madame...
Ahi, ahi, cazzo!  Ma mamia! Where...?  God, she'll kill me...  ... if she catches me eating pasta in a restaurant.
Your mother?
What?
Enzo?
You're staying at the hotel?
Not at all!
No, no!
Forget it.  I was joking.
People say that?
Damn right!  That's what I tell them when people say you've turned into a fish.
Exactly, I mean, after all, we're men!
So, not married.  Well, good for you.  You play the field, like me. A girl in every port, huh?
Me neither, 'cause of my Mother. She's a curse, my Mamma, a tornado. Stubborn as a mule!  I was engaged... for a week.  After that, Mamma was so mad, I tell you, pasta was bouncing off the walls.
No.
... You married?
It's okay.
How do you make a living?  Your experiments, does it pay well?
That's good.
I'm sorry... I don't know how to ask the questions.
Well, what are they?
Yes, of course.  Lots of questions.
... So, after all these years, you must have lots of questions to ask.  Am I right?
Enzo drop it, I'll find something.
Not only is Jacques Mayol a very special friend, but he happens to be one of the best divers in the world!  And you're throwing him out!  Are you crazy, or what? Stupido!
It's okay, Enzo.  I'll go somewhere else.
You don't have a room?  Paolo?  What did I just hear?  I personally called you to reserve a room for my good friend Jacques Mayol and you treat him like a stranger?!
I don't have one.
What room have you got?
I remember.  Hi Roberto!
That's too easy!  Every time I beat a record there's always some dumbshit asking me:  "D'you know that French guy, Mayol?  He's supposed to be very good!  Too bad he doesn't compete." So, you're going to come with me to Taormina! First, because you're my friend and second, because you don't have one reason to keep on spoiling my pleasure.  ... I'll see you there...
You're the best, Enzo!
No.  All you need is to want to be the best.
I don't want to be in any competition... I dive because I like to, not to beat a record... don't you have to be very mad at somebody to want to beat him?
Because I'm sure you're dying to beat me.
Why?
They say I'm like Lazarus.  You know, the guy who was raised from the dead?!
Great!
I dove 315 feet!
Yes, I know.
That's good.  You never would have recognized me, huh?  Check out the suit! Looking good, no?  You know I'm the world champion?
Enzo...
Jacques, my friend, how are you?
If you did mind, you'd tell me, wouldn't you?
No...
You don't mind if I go instead, do you?
Fine!
Well, if it isn't the little Frenchman!  How is the little Frenchman?
The guy in the Halloween suit!
Who?
Would it be out of place to ask what he's doing?
... both.  Did I just see a man in a red suit and goggles?
Tea... or whiskey?
Yes, thank you.  Intravenous if possible.
A drink to warm up?
Does anybody live to make a second?
Yeah... Sure... Is this your first trip to Peru?
Don't you have a heater?
Promise you won't forget me.
Anything.
Promise me one thing.
You are the father.
That's good... that's wonderful. It's wonderful for you.
Jacques?  I'm pregnant.
I saw how it has to be.
You've got to tell me what happened?
Because you have to find a good reason to come back up again... And I always have a hard time finding one.
Why?
... The feeling of slipping without falling... The hardest is once you are at the bottom.
... When you dive... with that machine... What does it feel like?
No, I'll be fine.  Can you just hand me a glass of water?
You want to lie down for a while?
It's nothing.  Just the long trip. I'm a little jet-lagged.
What's wrong?
You go back, I'll walk.
Jacques...?
I'm putting you on the coin... Your essence... That way you'll always be with me when I dive.
What are you doing?
... Nothing.
What?
I don't know... it didn't feel right.  I'm going to bed.  I'm tired.
You'll try again tomorrow?
I didn't dive.
And you?
I'm very pleased to meet you, Uncle Louis.
Uncle Louis.  He's a 75 year old amazing guy, isn't he?
Bonjour Monsieur... Louis. 
You'll understand.
Why did you take me to the hotel, if you live here.
Okay.  In that case... I'm at the airport in Nice.
Absolutely positive.
You sure?
... Not at all.
I'm being a pain, huh?
It's me again.
Hello?
You go down to the bottom of the sea, where the water isn't even blue anymore, where the sky is only a memory... and you float there, quietly, quietly and stay there...  and you decide that you will die for them... Only then do they start coming out.  They come and greet you and they judge the love you have for them... If it's sincere.  If it's pure... They will be with you and take you away forever.
No... tell me.
Do you know how it is?  Do you know what you're supposed to do to meet a mermaid?
Uh... Ah!  A story?
Then, tell me a story.
... It's hard you know.  You're so far away and I don't know what else to say.
Well, then, talk to me some more.
I'm still here.
So have I.  ... Hello?
... That's funny... I had this job with Enzo... we got fired too.
I got fired.
How are you?
It's me... Johana.
Hello?
But it's not true, I feel good with you... It feels right...
Yes you do.  You know exactly what I'm talking about.  You're afraid I want to hold onto you, and I do, but you're not ready... at least not for me.
I'm not from the sea... I don't understand what you're talking about.
Because one shouldn't fall in love with creatures from the sea.
Why?
I'm going back home.
Aren't you happy?  Don't you feel proud...?  I feel proud and all I did was watch.
I did?
Jacques, you set a world record.
Uh... Yes, of course!
Can I come watch you dive tomorrow?
I don't know, I just feel it.
How do you know that?
She's not like the others.  She can't stand to be away from the sea.
... The way she moves.
How can you tell it's a female?
No?  Huh?  Yes, of course!!
... No?
You... You wouldn't want to spend the day with me?
I'd better get back now.
I'm glad you stayed.  Thank you.
Just checking up on your family.  I guess I was drunker than I thought and the idea of going back to my hotel in a wet dress... Well...
Give it to me.
Well, water isn't exactly the best thing for pictures... Not even for pictures of dolphins...
No.  I want to show you.  Is it ruined?
My wallet.
Only to help the medics, I assure you.
You jumped in?
Lucky I was there to save you.
Please move slowly, you're rocking the boat.
... Especially the sneakers.
Thank you...
You look adorable.
It's too loud for me.
I thought you'd be at the dinner.
Maybe on earth there is one... but not when you dive... You see, to dive deep into the sea, for no reason... just to do it.  It's a feeling... I don't know how to say this... Voluptuous?
I guess... But you know... I'm American and I've mostly been taught to be competitive... There's always pleasure of being the best?
Yes... Maybe... I don't know.  I don't like competitions... It ruins the fun.  Don't you think?
Just because... I would have liked to visit the town... See the coast... I don't know anybody... Expect for you.
I don't know... why?
You're going to be very busy these days aren't you?
I'm being a pain in the ass.  It's beautiful here.
I thought it was a nice place.  Isn't it?
Thanks for helping with the bag.  It looks great!
... Okay.  I'll try.
No, no.  You'll like it.  It's superb.
I was doing an insurance investigation in Palermo.  I work for an insurance company.  So, I decided to take a few days off.  I don't know this island at all. It really is gorgeous.
But what brought you to Sicily?
Thank you.  I wouldn't want to interrupt anything.
Please, have a seat.
No... in the hut.
In the lake?
We saw each other a little while ago.
I recognize you.
Ah?!
No Sir, the hotel is full because of the Diving championship.
Yes, but... So, you haven't got a room left?
Yes Sir, and it has been so for 127 years.
This is the hotel San Domenico?
Positive, Sir.
... Are you sure?
Mayol... Mayol... No reservation.
That's different!  What's the matter with you?
Louis, we were French!
What were Italians doing living in Greece anyway?
The whale!  How could I forget? Always was something fishy about that woman!
Uncle Louis, you remember Enzo's mother Signora Molinari from Amorgos?
I'm going to put a lock on the telephone.  Did you bring the cassettes?
Uncle Louis, we have a guest!
Liar!  Thief!  Torturer!  When you were an orphan I nursed you at my breast.
It's my apartment.
In my apartment?
Well... here.
Good.  That way I'll see more of you... Where are you going to stay?
No, no.  It's true.  When I was in New York, oh boy!  Before my accident, you understand? 
Uncle Louis!
He doesn't hear too well.
What kind of name is that?  To be named after a city?
Johana... New York.
Where are you from, Henrietta?
No, no.  Johana is visiting me.
Are you crazy?  I have no use for a woman!  Since my accident.
I brought Johana to meet you.
Did you buy the cassettes?  The Wagner, the Berlioz?
Uncle Louis, this is my friend Johana.
Assassin!
Where I saw the mermaids?!  Why don't you ever ask any question? I'm always the one asking the question!  We're sitting here like two stones and I'm taking to myself. Ask me something, Goddamnit!
What?
Why don't you ask me?
No.
Hey!  Have you ever seen a mermaid?
Then you shouldn't eat everyday, Jacques.
You shouldn't dive everyday, Papa.
Vitamins, exercise, herb tea... and see a doctor, will ya?
Do you think I should have stayed? Don't you think maybe I should have stayed?  I've been a jerk, right?  I should have stayed!  I was supposed to be in love... I was in love!  I am in love, why did I act like a bitch?  He went swimming. All the man did was go swimming! I must be crazy.  It was too good to be true.
What is it honey... the frenchy?
I know, I know!  I'm a terrible person...  It's... I'm so damn, damn sad.
You look it too.  You haven't been working out, you haven't been taking your vitamins!  You haven't been drinking your herbs, you haven't been...
No.  I'm just depressed.
Does that have a hidden meaning?
Way past it.
... And if we repaint the walls, we'll need new curtains, you put the painters on you Visa and I'll do the curtains on American Express... for the couch there's Bloomingdales...  or are you still over your limit?
Don't be a jerk.  There's no such thing as love at first sight.
... Since eight o'clock last night...!  You're in love.
Haven't you been listening?
I thought you said he was Peruvian?
Oh Jesus...!  I'll make some coffee.  They left the stove.
It's his heartbeat.
Okay... Who'd you meet?
Nice... Very interesting... Great!  ... I guess.
How was your trip?
What?
Well?
They're going to send detectives.
You called the police?
Yep.  How was your trip...?  Help me clean up, okay?
I hope they remembered to take the microwave this time?
... And the new stereo.
They got the new T.V.
Again?
You're back!  Hello.  We were burgled.
... Sally?
I changed the lock you son of a bitch!
Yes... It's magic.
But doesn't Jacques dive without anything?
That isn't for the divers actually. It's for the balloon.  It blows up and pulls the diver up like an elevator.  Without it, with the pressure at the bottom, the diver would just stay pinned to the sea bed.
What's that little air bottle on the machine?
Those are the divers who go down 300 to 330 feet.  They dive with a Helium-oxygen mixture.  At that depth, compressed air is too dangerous because it contains carbon dioxide.
... And those?
Of course, that's what they're for.
If there was a problem, they could do something right?
They're paramedics.  They wait at 180 feet.
What are they for?
Let him sleep.
I'll go see how he's doing.
... Yes?
Wait!  Professor...?
Then, goodbye.
You've made me a happy insurance person.
Okay, okay.  You'll have it by the end of the week, how's that?
Okay, listen, just get the custom's office to send me a copy as fast as possible.  We can't send you new equipment until our file is complete.  Okay?
His mother's an American.  He spent half of his life in the states. I'd try English if I were you.
Will he understand Spanish?
Coffee might be nice.
Shouldn't somebody take him a blanket or something?
For one thing, it's his job... as for the rest of it, I wish I knew.
Why is he doing this?
It depends.  He should come up soon.  Unless he's decided to stay for the night.
How long can he stay down?  Without breathing?
He's in the fluoroscope now.  Listen to his heart.  Impressive, huh? The flow of blood is concentrated in the brain and doesn't even feed the limbs anymore.  It's a phenomena that has only been observed with dolphins... until now.
He isn't going to breathe.
But... how is he going to breathe?
My dear, science is a cruel mistress.
In the spring when he melts!
I'll have to talk to the driver.
... The truck fell into a very deep crevasse.  We weren't able to save the equipment.
That's the experiment?  Dumping a guy into a frozen lake?
Mayol... Jacques Mayol.
Who... Who is that?
I know sir. I won't let you down.
Hammer, the fate of my daughter rests solely in your hands.
There won't be any need for that sir.
I love her sir. If I don't help you, I won't be able to make her my wife. Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim has agreed to come with me to the North Pole on a rescue mission.
Please. Will you help me?
My Esther! Oh Mordechai.
It's Esther. Santa's got her.
So why the long face?
No way, it's too dangerous. Besides, my days of hooking are over.
Take Esther with you, you'll need the backup.
Looks like I got a plane to catch.
About an hour ago, we received this transmission from the North Pole.
What's up?
Mordechai. Thank god you're here.
One last thing Hammer. You take care of yourself. The...
Good thinking. We'll disguise ourselves as a Gentile couple to pass undetected. Now that he thinks I'm dead, this should be a piece of homentashen.
Well, then I've got good news for you. We just got word that he'll be making an appearance at the Mall Of America today. I'm sending Esther to meet you there at once.
It was a trap. I'm back at square one.
That'll work. Get them out to the Jewish community stat. We got an epidemic on our hands.
You mean you want us to make copies of Yentl, Fiddler On The Roof, and Chaim Potok's The Chosen?
Chief, it's me. Listen carefully. I need for the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy to mass produce video copies of every Hollywood movie ever made featuring a positive Jewish protagonist as its lead.
I'm gonna pay a visit to the K.L.F. See if they've got the 411 on Santa's location. I'll check in with you when I know more.
What's your first move?
I guess I could be chalant about it, but then again I'm not even sure if that's a word. Listen Chief, we could stand around arguing all day, but I gotta case to crack.
Hey, it's your Bar Mitzvah. I'm just readin' the Torah portion.
A settlement completely demolished, ten smashed army jeeps, four dead Arabs. G dash D damn it, Hammer! You think you're above the Ten Commandments? Just find Santa Claus and bring him back to us. No heroics, got it?
I got the job done didn't I? I did what I had to do.
Alright Mordechai, now that we're alone I just want to say that I'm not happy about this. I don't want a repeat of that incident in the West Bank.
Well, I couldn't be happier for the both of you.
Well, for starters, we're going to honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then, when we get back, Morty's been talking about taking a stable, good paying job as a consultant for the JDL.
He works too much. God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while. Take his mind off his work. Maybe a blowjob here and there.
What do you want me to do?
Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one of the high holidays. What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl.  I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai.
He's...he's very nice.  But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah rests solely in his hands. Please, you have to help me.
You like my Mordechai, yes?
From the story of Purim.  Well, now that we're all acquainted, let's sit down and start the Sabbath.
It's Esther.
So. Do you have a name?
We go to the same temple.
You two know each other?
Mordechai!
Esther!
Mordechai!
Esther!
I forgive you.
I love you too. I'm sorry about freaking out yesterday. I was wrong.
Mordechai, I love you. I couldn't let you do this alone.
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry Esther, I just don't think we can see each other romantically anymore.
We do!
No. It's not like that. You're being completely neurotic. I was just playing along...
Oh my god. She's become my pimp. And she's whoring her bitch-son out to the highest bidder.
Relax Morty, I think your mom is wonderful. She cares so much about you. Get this, while you were gone she said she'd help me get you to work with the JDL if I'd come eat by you once in awhile. Like I needed any incentive to be with you. She's so...
When did you guys have this conversation? When I was in the bathroom? What else did she have to say?
Oh, she said that, did she? What else did Mommy Dearest have to say?
Your mother was right. You do work too hard.
Kiss me you Semitic stud!
Also, on a daily basis, I want you to tell me what to do, where to do it, and how I should live my life.
Afterwards they'll make the decision as to whether or not they'd like to continue their religious studies in Israel. Because, hey, after all we'll have practiced the highly effective assertive democratic style of child rearing, sprinkled with a healthy dose of liberalism.
Keep going.
I want for our children to go to private schools and take music lessons. Little Abraham will go to Stanford for college, Batya will go Ivy League, maybe Vassar.
Oh. Okay.
I want you to talk dirty to me.
Yes Esther.
Mordechai?
You mean like disco dancing or doing the funky chicke...Oh. I get it.
Maybe we should try a different kind of dancing.
Sorry. I'm better with men.
Oh!
I said, yeah, about once a week!
What!?
I said, do you come here often!?
What was that!?
Sure. Why not.
Want to get a drink?
Now we wait for Santa to make his next move.
So, now what?
Yeah, no kidding.
That got annoying fairly quickly.
C'mon follow me.
What are we going to do? We're at least an hour from the front.
He must be behind that curtain. Relax. We're undercover. We need to give off the appearance of calm. You see Esther, the trick to undercover work is to try and blend in. Act as a Gentile would.
Any sign of Santa?
I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me.
Oy vey, I'm stuffed.
I'm sorry to hear about Santa. He was a good friend, but my days...
Mordechai, Santa Claus has been rubbed out by his son Damian. The man's a demon. There's no telling what this new anti semitic psycho Santa is capable of.
Your mother? Oh. Whoops.
Actually, his days of marital infidelity have long since past. Now he just shtoops my mother exclusively.
How is old Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal? Is he still shtooping every girl he can get his hands on?
My name is Esther. Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal from the Jewish Defense League desperately needs to speak with you.
Client notes. Sorry.  What can I do for you?
Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and I've been circling the block for the past half hour looking for parking. What are you listening to?
From the way she carried herself I could tell she'd been around the block a few times...
Please, call me Mordechai.
Mr. Jefferson Carver?
What a good poop you made in your diaper Mazel Tov! That's right! Mommy loves you! Such a good boy you are!
Mom! We're eating!
...I'm not finished yet, mom.
Hello Mazel Tov! A boojee boojee boojee boo...
Mazel Tov!
Well I have news for you mom. It is good enough...I'm good enough and I won't leave here until I hear you tell me...
...So you saved Hanukkah Mr. Big Shot. I mean, let's be honest Mordechai, it isn't even one of the high holidays.
...and their children will all be able to eat latkes and spin dreidels, and light the menorah with the knowl...
Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba Shaina, and eating by your mother for Shabos.
...and the opportunity to help my brothers and sisters in the Jewish community.
Mom, why don't you put that cat out of its misery?
Let's let your tuchus breathe.
Do what you must.
No. No. We're gonna argue. And you know what mom? I'm going to save Hanukkah just to spite you. And when my face is all over the television. When your friends are opening their Hanukkah gifts next year, don't mention it to them, okay? I wouldn't want you to have to show my picture.
I don't want to argue with you. Let's just eat in peace.
You know my friend Maureen? Her son, the investment banker? He paid for her entire retirement in Boca Raton. What a mench he is. Instead of schleping to save Hanukkah, god forbid you should go back to business school and get an MBA. Maybe then you could send me to Boca, too.
So don't show a picture.
When I play bridge with all the girls, everyone has what to talk about with their sons. They show pictures. Their sons are lawyers and doctors and Rabbis. Why can't I show a picture?
Mom, I have a real job. I do good things for this community. I help people.
Mom, stop with this already. Of course I love you. You're my mother.
Mordechai. Do you love your mother?
I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us.
Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some Manischewitz. The black label.
I'll be in my office.
I understand that. I just thought that you might want to know.
But we're not open on Sundays.
Yeah, I'm going to be out of the office from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday. I have a terrible yeast infection and I need to see my gynecologist.
Anything else?
She said to remind you that you're having Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz.
Okay, what's the information?
Happy Hanukkah Morty.
Happy Hanukkah Tikva.
Everything's kosher. Watch him for me.
Hammer, you alright?
Offscreen gunfire. That Jewish Atomic Clock stuff ate up a lot of our budget.
What are you doing?
Well that's good news for us. It means the system is outdated. This should be easy. C'mon.
Listen cat, I'll have you know that I hate the taste of watermelon and am a terrible basketball player.
The alarm will trigger if the system detects any Non-W.A.S.P. tendencies inside the building. For example, if you were to dribble a basketball, or eat watermelon, or use the word dawg...that is, spelled with an aw as opposed to the letter o...within the confines of this workshop, the alarm would sound.
How do we bypass it?
Take a look.
A stereo type alarm system?
Wait! Before we enter, you need to know that my research has determined that Santa's compound is wired with the XP 2000 stereo type alarm system.
Just praying to god that we don't kill ourselves going over this wall.
What are you doing?
Oh yeah. Take a look.
Porno? You're tellin' me that you can get porno on that thing?
But wait, there's more. With a few swift clicks of this hand-computer interface, commonly referred to as a mouse, I can download illicit pornographic material and even send it along to a friend via a cyber postal route known as e-mail.
Man, that's far out! Hey, the Jets won!
Now this might get a bit technical, but try and stay with me. Using a highly sophisticated connection of other computators, called the Internet, I can access surveillance maps, villian biographical information, and even sports scores with a few simple keystrokes of this electronic typewriter.
Cool. What's it do?
I wanted to ask you, how were you able to pinpoint the exact location of Santa's workshop? We've been trying to gain that piece of surveillance for years.
It's gonna be tough, but the back entrance looks like our best bet.
He's still working out some identity issues.
What's wrong with him?
It's cool. It's cool. Aveenooh Shalom Alechem, brother.
Okay, look. I'm going to work really, really hard on this one. But, please stop with the pressure. I'm already tense as it is.
You watch your back Hammer. Hanukkah might just be his first move. For all we know Kwanzaa could be next. There's a lot of brothers counting on you. If you fail...
Not if I can help it. You got any information for me?
Oh. It means that Santa's gonna fuck Hanukkah's shit up.
Actually, I...I don't. What does that mean?
Oh, most definitely. Got the brothers here in full alert mode.
I'm back on the job for the JDL. You hear about that crazy white boy who took over as Santa?
So Morde-chai, tell me, what brings your bad self down to the KLF?
Hah! Jewish guilt. Well, it won't work on me Hammer. I'm too strong for it.
I shlepped all the way to the North Pole for this? I come to fight you, and you don't even put out anything to nosh on? What kind of arch nemesis are you?
I don't have to tell you anything Hammer! You're gonna have to kill me before I tell you!
Where's my girlfriend Santa?
In fact, he's just informed me that he personally plans on cancelling Christmas this year.
Hey everybody. How's it hangin'?
I'm just calming the kiddies.  There's no need to worry about Santa. He's just having a peaceful, adult conversation with his nice Jewish friend, The Hebrew Hammer.
What are you doing?
Whoa, whoa there. C'mon Mordechai, is this any way to treat an old family friend? Let's cut out all the unpleasantness. I admit, I went way overboard with the whole Hanukkah thing. Let me make it up to you. How about a peace offering?  Girls.
What's your shpiel, Santa?
The Hebrew Hammer! You're alive.
Let me guess, you're the goy who stole Hanukkah.
Excuse me? Do I know you, friend? Take a look around you. Do you even know who I am?
If you keep your mouth shut and come with me, you won't get hurt.
Sorry folks, I don't do couples.
No dipshit, I want you to kill him.
You want me to be nice to him for no apparent reason whatsoever, buy him clothing he'll never wear, and for just one day of the year pretend to forgive him for all the horrible things he did to me as a young boy when my mommy wasn't looking?
It's Friday.
What day is it?
Resting?
Well, he's kinda just resting in the corner with his girlfriend.
Take a look.
Maybe he ran out of ammo.
What's going on? Why'd he stop?
What are we gonna do? He's got us on the ropes.
Get off of me you cripple!
I don't know. Why don't you ask them sir.
No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly?
You okay?
Thanks. Oh, did I tell you. I picked up that new KC and the Sunshine Band record that you recommended. You were right, it is good.
No, it was the perfect level.
I wasn't too over the top?
It was good. Very chilling, but you still got all the points across that we talked about.
So, how was I?
That's some cold shit.
Bootleg copies of the Frank Capra classic, 'It's A Wonderful Life.'
Worse.
So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine?
Oh, that's the beauty of it. These are free samples.
What should I charge?
While I was in Taiwan negotiating the solution to our labor problems, I came across a factory that illegally manufactures the most addictive, Jewish pride weakening substance on the planet. I bought the entire plant.
So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?
You get your money from your husband.
What about me?
This is for "mama and the kids."
Drink your beer and don't get so excited.
Why do you ask so many questions? What difference does it make how Carlos and I feel? Feeling does not buy clothes and houses!
I don't know -
Is he in love with you?
Nice fellow?
Mmmyes.
Good looking?
Nobody. A boy who works in a grocery.
Who's Carlos Dom-what's-his-name?
Maybe I should just forget all about money - - forget about mamma and the kids and the rent, huh - marry some poor dope like -- oh, like Carlos Dominguez - - and get fat and -
Why not -- if you like it - if that's what you really want.
I can't understand that fancy talk.  You mean I'm a gold-digger? Sure, I'm a gold-digger -- why not?
When you marry champagne, Clo-Clo, you can't trade it in for beer. You're stuck with it.
That depends. How much money has he?
My soninlaw. What do you think of him?
Why not?
Is someone with you -- can I get you a drink?
And my leopard - - maybe he hurt the first girl -- but no more.
Of course, not, Charlie. I never thought you did.
Now I know I didn't hurt nobody when I was drunk - -
That's just it, Charlie. That's what I'm driving at. You could do anything in that time.
I don't know.
But between the time you leave the cant ma and fall into bed in that old truck of yours, what happens, Charlie?
I sleep it off.
Then what do you do?
And when you drink, you get drunk.
I drink.
Oh, I'm only exploring your theory. Let's take a step further. You drink, don't you, Charlie?
If a leopard didn't do it, who did?
You know -- not scared enough. Nothing to scare it.
Well, Charlie, just why do you think your cat didn't kill the Contreras girl?
It don't look like a leopard to me.
Here is something that should interest Charlie - a stone leopard head made by his ancestors some six hundred years ago. They used it in ceremonies. The jaguar -- in fact all the cat family -- were considered the personification of force and violence in their religious rites.
That's the place: I remember - My feet were so darn sore, I couldn't make it -- and Galbraith went on up to the head of the canyon by himself --
And here is Three Tree Mesa -- and here I go out of the big arroyo --
What arroyo - how did you get to it 
North -- in an arroyo, Shot through the head - maybe week ago. No good, skin, everything gone 
Where? Where did you find it?
What's left of him.
You found the leopard!
Two hundred and fifty dollars you owe met
I don't know. I want him to lock me up.
Look, Charlie, you didn't do it, and you know you didn't.
I want him to lock me up.
What do you want to see him for?
I don't know. I want to see Robles.
No, he wasn't kidding. I'm sick. Claw women? Hurt little girls? No!
Here have a cigarette. He was only kidding.
I'm sick.
Yes, I was drunk, Mr. Manning.
Charlie wasn't drunk last night.
No. I'm serious about this.
Sure!
But he admitted quick enough that it killed the first girl.
Sure, I like my leopards
Up at the museum.
Where's that man?
Let's get in your truck.
Sure.
I'd like one of them to say it to you, Charlie. I'd like to have you hear his side of it his reasons. Want to hear them?
They don't say it to me.
They all say the cat killed this second girl.
That cat ain't mean. I feed him out of my own hand for six years. Why don't he kill me? At night in the truck, I let him out of the cage. When I am falling asleep I hear him walking back and forth. I go to sleep. He don't hurt me.
You really think so, Charlie?
No, sir. That girl in the cemetery? My cat didn't kill that girl. I told you cats don't go around looking for trouble. If that cat's alive, it's out in the country hiding under a bush, starving to death.
Look, Charlie, just be patient. I'll fix everything. You don't want that cat, anyway. It killed two people.
Can't make a buck without my leopard. I tell you, Mr. Manning, you gotta find that cat for me -- or pay up.
Tomorrow -
See you tomorrow -
Maybe not - cards mean different things different times --
The death card - -
Let me see it 
Don't look at it!
Go on -
Something black - something on its way to you 
What are you doing that for?
Cut.
The elderly man I told you about.
Who?
Well -- did he give you a lot of money?
Watch and see, A day or a week - but certainly this month -- you will have money from a man and then-
You and your cards. Meet a rich man! I look for them with money. What rich man hasn't money. And for what was I born if it wasn't for money? You're not telling me anything.
You'll meet a rich man and he will give, you money.
What did they say before the bad card came up?
All men are fools. They like to make a big show - shout and hunt --
They're fools. Why don't they let Charlie How-Come hunt it alone. He's an Indian.
) They buried Teresa today and they were hunting the leopard again -- out in the country this time. But they didn't get him.
I saw Teresa. Maybe I was the last to see her except perhaps her Mamacita and her little brother. I was going past --
It's a blackcard and bad card, but not the card of the cat - not the card of fourfooted things.
I suppose so. I suppose it will be different for us, too  when everyone knows. Then we will be just like other people.  But these last weeks will always be our secret  a lovely secret to remember all our lives.
Love is different for different people.
When you are going to see Pedro, does your heart beat until you tremble?
What, senorita?
Rosita  I have wondered -
Pedro is waiting for me, too.
At four. He will be there at four.
You must say that you went to take some of the roses to your father's grave...
He will be waiting...
I'll miss you too, honey --
Hey  I'm over here.
Oh, dear -- I don't know what I'm going to do without you - honestly, I don't 
I bet you try on my coffin some day -- I hope it "fits just perfect."
And if you've got cold feet honey, Ill take over for you. That red dress of yours fits just perfect on me.
I know. I know. You've got the talent. I got the breaks.
I mean you being a star and me being just a cigarette girl.
Maybe. For three years I've sung in rats' nests, while Jerry pounded his feet off and his brains out -- trying to get me a real chance. We're due for a little luck!
You're lucky. I wish he'd front page for me.
Why not? He's a good press agent and a good friend. Besides, we've shared a lot of headaches 
You think be's pretty nice, don't you?
Yes. So I've noticed. Jerry's noticed - He'll come up with something.
She's a local. When the dudes come out to New Mexico, they went to wallow in Latin glamour. This is a bad town for blondes.
It may sound like music to her -- I can do better with my teeth in a cold Shower.  Click  click  click.
Well, now that you've had your history lesson, I think I'll get on to the museum.
Oh, that's so interesting!
It's to remind people of the great tragedy that took place here so that they won't ever forget that a peaceful village of Indians was wiped out by the Conquistadores, back in the 17th Century... A band of monks buried the dead and prayed for them and did penance for their deaths  that's what this procession is supposed to be.
You know all about these things - - and I've lived here all my life - and I still don't know what the Procession means.
Good evening.
Oh, Mr. Galbraith! I'm so glad you're here.
I didn't want to kill, but I had to. I heard her in the cemetery - talking to the man in the auto --
Then you found the leopard --
I couldn't rest - I couldn't sleep. All I could see was Teresa Delgado's body -- broken --mangled. I saw it day and night.  It was waiting everywhere I turned.
Tormented -- ? Why?
Why do yo&amp;i accuse me? You don't know what you're doing -- you don't understand -- nobody understands --
Tell me.
It's better you don't know.
Consuelo screamed too -- and Clo Clo. Why did you do it? Why? Quick. Tell me why?
I didn't do anything. She screamed. Something frightened her.
You shot the leopard. We know that. You killed Consuelo. You killed Clo Clo. Then tonight --
Not! I tell you. No!
It was you.
No.
It was you, Galbraith!
You've thought of all this before. You know it isn't the leopard   Don't you?
No. He would be a hard man to find, Jerry. Particularly if he were a clever men. He would go about his ordinary business calmly and coolly except when the fit to kill was on him.
Couldn't you tell a man like that when you saw him?
He'd act normally when he was with other people. It would be a man who suffered remorse and even pity when it was all over.
I don't mean that. How would he act? What would he do?
To the eye? Like other men.
If there were a man like that, with a kink in his brain around here loose, what would he be like.
Yes. There have been men who kill for pleasure -- strange pleasure. There was Blue Beard in France -- Jack The Ripper in London. It's not uncommon.
All right -- the dead, then.  In history there must have been men like that -- men with kinks in their brains --
But all those fancy courses were about the dead, Jerry, not the living.
You know a lot. You've taken a lot of fancy courses in colleges and that kind of stuff - - what kind of a man would kill like that?
Just barely possible - - yes.
You must admit it's possible that it might have been a man.
Some other time.
Don't you want to see the rest of the exhibit?
Come on, Charlie. Let's go find another and better suspect.
You, Charlie -- you know leopards. You might have had an old claw around somewhere, and perhaps a bit of hair from the cage - eh?
I don't know.
Yes, but what sort of a man?
A hunch -- that's all I've got about this leopard thing. It's just a hunch, yet I feel it deep in the stomach. It was a man!
We had given up digging in a certain barrow. I went back and I tried again. I just had a hunch.
But he would have to know about leopards - have access to leopard claws and hair.
Some crazy guy.
I can understand what you mean - demented men, pathological cases. But what sort of man would kill like a leopard and leave the traces of a leopard?
There are all sorts of men. You get to see some funny ones as a reporter.
It could be. Why would a man kill her? For what? It wasn't robbery. It wasn't a crime of jealousy or passion. She had no enemies.
It could be a man.
Charlie likes his leopard.
Charlie doesn't think the leopard killed the girl in the cemetery.
Yes.
About Charlie's leopard?
Charlie and I were talking. That's one reason I wanted to see you.
I'll take you about. Got some nice things.
More or less.
Come to look around?
We're old friends.
You know Charlie How-Come?
I can understand about the cat killing the first girl. Charlie How Come told me. All that noise and those lights -- scared crazy it would do anything. Last night there was nothing to disturb it. Just a little girl alone in a cemetery.
Just a minute, Robles.  Let him go on.
Caged animals are unpredictable. They're like frustrated human beings. I can't answer your question.
But it doesn't eat what it kills.
It doesn't know how to hunt its natural prey.
Why?
Jerry, I talked to you about the habits of an ordinary wild leopard. This leopard is another matter entirely - - a caged animal travelling around with Charlie How Come for years and years.. That's why it kills human beings.
That's what I don't understand -- why should it come here -- and why didn't it stay here? It's got trees and bushes here -- outside nothing but cement and asphalt.
Sure -- certainly - but what's that got to do with this?
It doesn't jibe with this  you told me the leopard would go out into the country - it wouldn't stay in the city 
Yes?
Doc -- something you said the other day --
Don't feel so concerned, Jerry.
That's right, of course.
There is no danger at all. It's a wild animal. Do you think a wild animal prefers walls, streets and people when it can get into open country?
No. I'm quite sure.
You know about animals -- their habits -- will it come back?
Of course. It's the way any decent man would feel in your position.
Yes. I want to go out and patrol the town - be everywhere at once - be sure nothing happens to anybody.
You're worrying about its killing someone else?
It's about the leopard.
I want to ask you something.
Well, I'd best be off.
Yes. It's always fascinated me.  You know, once, when I was a youngster, I went to see Mrs. Leslie Carter in "Zaza." After the play I stood in the alley just to watch her come out.
Show business?
No - really, I can see them -- they're coming now - turn off the lights 
Wait 
They do, but -- there are no lights out there - they'll just be shadows -
I thought they came right past here 
Of course. Only I'm afraid you'll be cheated. There isn't much of a view of the procession here.
Miss Walker -- I didn't expect anyone 
I've disturbed	you. I'm sorry -
Thanks.
I'm sure if you are as talented as you are charming, Miss Walker, you have nothing to worry about.
Well, I'm next. You won't hear anything like that, Mr. Galbraith.  I'm not a popular favorite since I let the leopard loose.
That was a calamity!
That was unfortunate.
Well, I'm hardly Mrs. Leslie Carter whoever she was. In fact, I'm not even much of a success around here particularly after the backfire on Jerry's little publicity stunt with the leopard.
So you see meeting you is a real thrill for me.
Various reasons.  But I can't see why you'd be interested in the rather dusty career of William Galbraith  teacher, naturalist, curator -- when you lead such a gay and exciting life yourself.
Why did you give up teaching?
There's a little museum here in town. They've hired me to run it, We've some interesting exhibits of Indian arts and crafts. It's fun -- and I like living here in New Mexico.
What do you do now?
To know where that leopard went -  I'm afraid you'd have to be a leopard and think like a leopard. I was a naturalist. That hardly qualifies me as an expert in hunting down lost leopards. I used to teach zoology in a little freshwater college back East. I gave that up.
Jerry told me you were an expert with animals, Mr. Galbraith. Couldn't you tell where it went?
Offend a reputable citizen and involve the department in a slander suit? No. I'm in office to protect the taxpayers money  not throw it way. Come on, Charlie.
You won't go to Galbraith with me?
Yes. And I am taking it to headquarters for examination.
That's a fact, isn't it?
I am not interested in what somebody else thinks. You being me facts and I'll act on them.
Galbraith knows something. He as good as said so 
I'm sure of it!
You think Galbraith found the leopard on the day you went out with the posse.
Chief, don't you understand what this means?
Ask Kiki. Ask any woman. Girls don't put on lipstick in the middle of the night on a dark, lonely street unless they're with a man or expecting a man.
Why?
Yes. The lipstick.
Professional hunters, who rid the state of cougars.
State hunters?
No. He was kidding Charlie.
Let me get one thing clear. Did Galbraith make a direct accusation?
I've been trying to tell him, Sheriff. He won't listen to me.
Nothing much -- just that it might not be a cat this time.
What are you getting at?
I know all that, chief, and I don't like it any better than you do, but there's something else --
Yes, there is something wrong. People who want publicity and don't mind how they get it --what risks they make other people run - - what agony and sorrow they bring to other people --
Something's wrong with this whole setup --
That's why it just mauls and tears at them.
It's not for me.  I'm literally and figuratively a tenderfoot.
Go on foot.
I haven't done any posse work since last time I rode with Toni Mix at the old Bijou Theatre -- aged six, If you're interested,
Thanks, Sheriff.
You can go now, Manning. There is no way we can hold you legally responsible.
Kiki, Galbraith said something to me once, -- something you ought to know. We were talking and he said that people were like that ball on the fountain at the hotel --they got pushed around by things bigger than themselves. That's the way it was with us -- and we were too small to see it that way.
It's a lovely town - it was until we came and let the leopard loose and all this happened.
We ought to dare to tell each other everything, Kiki -- you and I.
Jerry, I want you to be soft. You are soft -- inside - where it matters. I wanted it that day too, but didn't dare tell you.
I know. What do you think I felt when you said, "don't be soft?"
I hated you that day - you and your flip talk - with that little girl lying dead.
I know -- Teresa -
We stood here once before.
It's all right. I'm not hurt.
Kiki?
We will 
No. No, thanks.  Now we've got to do it ourselves.
How do you know?
Half to the Delgado family and half to Clo-Clo's family.
All right, I'm not ashamed of it! I split it two ways 
Eloise doesn't own enough of anything to make a dent in your pay check, Kicks.
I -- I bought some silver jewelry and stuff from Eloise --
What! You can't be --
As a matter of fact, I'm out of cash myself.
That's funny -- I never knew you to lose that much before --
I got into a little crap game.
Didn't you take your cut out of the closing check?
Oh, by the way -- I'm out of cash --
I'm no detective. I don't even know how to begin. All I know is I want to do something about all this.
You already know the answer to that. I want this town to be safe and happy again --
Absolutely sure.
You're positive of that, aren't you?
Kiki -- it wasn't the leopard.
If that's being a softie -- there are two of us.
Confession. I'm a complete softie. I've been conscience-stricken and worried sick ever since that leopard got away --
Maybe there ought to be less racket and more us.
I'm glad you care about us, Kicks. Sometimes that gets kind of lost in the racket --
You. Us.
What else do you care about, Kicks?
That doesn't make sense.
Maybe I want to feel badly.
Why do you want to stay around here? It'll only make you feel badly.
Robles says it looks that way. Belmonte had already been there and left. They only missed each other by a few minutes.
And she waited here for him?
Yes. Do you mind?
You mean you want to take them to the cemetery.
Jerry, these flowers aren't really for me 
Yes.
I know. Funerals.
Pretty. You know -- it's funny but flowers only mean one thing to me now.
He's a nice guy. Vie ought to keep in touch with him.
That was nice of Mr. Galbraith.
Do they close up every year for this Processionist business?
I can use them.
And not a sign of the leopard?
	As long as my feet held out.
You remember the fellow this morning -- Galbraith. You've got time before the supper show.
Who is he?
Forget it. I'm buying a drink for a fellow who was on the posse with me, a nice guy. Come along he'll get a great kick out of meeting you.
Our first real break -- and we throw wild animals at the audience
The whole town's in a state, Kiki doors locked, people huddling together like scared sheep nobody on the streets at night 
It must be the altitude  you, bucking around the countryside with a lot of bootandsaddle boys --
And did you find the leopard?
Yeah.
Well, does everybody love us now? You've been gone long enough to softsoap twenty editors!
We all, had to look at the body. It was awful, Kiki -- awful!
What did he have to do - look at the body?
I don't know  a witness. He seemed to know something about animals -- you know -- expert testimony.
Who was the other man?
And I suppose you don't feel bad!
I suppose he was trying to make me feel bad.
Don't be soft.
Suppose I slip them a few bucks  for the funeral expenses.
Now look what you've done.
Are you all right?
The red dress?  No. My black one. Then I'll be just like him.
You look swell in that threealarm number --
I thought you might strut this kitten in right in the middle of her act.
Clo-Clo?
And I never will -- you know what's between us - we're a thing -- But this is serious -- big competition.
No  not yet.
Almost three years, isn't it? And have I ever done anything to hurt you?
This is l939. Can't you subtract?
Look, Kicks, how long have we known each other?
You're too good to me.
No. I thought that might be just a little corny.  I want you to lead him in on a leash.
On his back, I suppose.
I thought - is Kiki just going to walk on that floor tonight walk out cold before a bunch of gawks who think a Spanish twirler is the greatest thing in life. No. Not my favorite client. She's going to make an entrance  this town will never forget.
That's easy. Me.
Listen, Kicks, you'll never guess what I've cooked up this time.
Makes no difference.  Get him out.
Kiki - he won't hurt you. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Get it out of here!
And I never will- you know what's between us  we're a thing But this is serious competition.
No - not yet.
Look, Kicks, have I ever done anything to hurt you?
You're too good to me.
No. I thought that might be just a little corny. I want you to lead him in on a leash.
On his back, I suppose.
I thought -- is Kiki just going to walk on that floor tonight walk out cold before a bunch of gawks who think a Spanish twirler is the greatest thing in life. No. Not my favorite client. She's going to make an entrance this town will never forget!
That's easy. Me.
Listen, Kicks, you'll never guess what I've cooked up this tine...
Makes no difference. Get him out!
Kiki -- he won't hurt you. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Get it out of here!
You a tourist?
Ha-ha... Yeah...  What about that road back there, though? It says closed to the public, doesnt it?
Maybe for the same reason that made someone somewhere not consider this a spot to build the Getty Museum...
Nobody? Huh!... How come?
Aint nobody out there, Mister.
All those soldiers out there... getting bored, thirsty. Come out here for refreshment or female company perhaps?
Must it?
Hot...  These roads all round here, closed to the public... Whys that? Military bases?  Huh. I guess theres space enough for war games... Must be good for business.
Dial O-O-O on the telephone if you change your mind about the drink, sir.
Mrs De Moraes must have taken it hard, eh?  Her brothers death.
No. Thank you. Ill be fine...
You will have to ask Mr De Moraes that, sir.  Would you like a drink while you wait?
You wouldnt recall if the brothers-in-law left together, would you?
I work here, sir. Im here most of the time.
By the way, Laurence, were you here last time your mistresss brother came over? You know, just before he disappeared?
Mr De Moraes is due back from Brazil late this evening. Mrs De Moraes is out and not expected before eight. Do you wish...
When will they be back?
Im afraid they are out at the moment, sir.
Could I speak to Carlos or Deborah?
Good afternoon. De Moraess residence.
That would be Mrs De Moraes mother, Sir. Mr and Mrs Spitz are here with their daughter.
De Moraes? I was asked here by a Mrs Spitz.
I am Lawrence, sir. Mr and Mrs De Moraes majordomo. They are expecting you.
That might depend on where youre going.
Will you please come with me?
Thats right.
The dead can wait.
I... We have to bury Leon tommorrow...
You wouldnt understand.
Why the hell couldnt you divorce the man?
Your parents arranged the visit to my office?
I dont know. Everyones dead...
What do you suggest?
On... Once...  Once... What are we... you going to do?
So you did talk about it, huh?
My parents flew back from Israel... Told him they would get him killed unless he flew back to Brazil immediately and agreed to a divorce. He flew back to Brazil...  And his drowning was arranged...
Get to the point, will you...
The staff dont know yet...  I called my parents, told them everything...  I just couldnt take any more...
Your flunkey said he was expected back tonight.
They found his body yesterday. In the pool at our house in Sao Paulo. He drowned. Drank too much, went for a swim and drowned.
No. Not us...
We? You and your parents killed your husband?
Do you think wed let him get away with the murder of my brother?
He... He is dead!  MY HUSBAND IS DEAD!  Call my parents. Theyll tell you. Call them!
Do you think the boy you saved might identify your husband as his purchaser, Deborah? And then, your brothers not buried yet. As I said earlier, an autopsy will...
What are you doing? You cant. I...
You know something? Ive just seen so much ugliness I dont think Id mind four walls and dinner served every night at a regular time.  Id hoped to have a private word with Adonis, but if thats the way you want it.
Perhaps I did... Until fear turned into panic. Thats when he hit me, and told me hed killed my brother... You dont know what youve done, he said.  Were in deep trouble, he said. We, he said. We.  Wed both be killed if Friedman ever found out you were working for us, he said. We had to stop you and Friedman meeting...
Well, I hope you enjoyed yourself.
I didnt intend it that way... It just happened.  He heard from Laurence that youd been back.  That wed argued. He asked why and it just happened; I told him everything... I couldnt help it. Wanted to see him scared. I had never seen him scared before, you see...
To get me killed...?
My husband didnt need to slap me about, Mr Lombard. I volunteered...
Perhaps it came to me while dying in a Californian desert because a woman set upon giving her husband a fright got slapped about a little.
You seem to know what youre talking about.
We all have to like what we become. Cowards included. We achieve this by complicating things a little. But its never that complicated really.
Should I?
Dont you believe in simplicity?
Simplify and damn.
Where is that?
Here we go again.
What happened? Adonis slapped you about a little and you reverted to cowardice?
Something like that.
Something like that?
Something like that.
What was the idea? Husband is filled with fear when he learns his child suppliers being tailed?
I didnt know who or what had happened to my brother yet, Mr Lombard!
A fright?... Five years of cowardice led to your brother being murdered and you wanted to give his murderer a fright?
Maybe I wanted to give my husband a fright.
And you still havent told me why you sent me after Friedman.
...Were turning in circles.
Are there truly no extenuating circumstances?
You splendid bastard...
Five years of it. Surely, youd have divorced him if he disgusted you?
You bastard...
Rich. Young. Beautiful. You must at least get a kick out of what he does to his kids.
Why do I feel I neednt answer that?
Is there anything to understand?
Good.
I dont.
Think what you like. But dont presume to understand.
One just doesnt... Tell me, what does one speak about, huh?
I didnt know my husband and Friedman knew each other. I just...  Do you think we spoke about it? Ive known for five years. Hes known Ive known for five years... But not once have we spoken about it. There are things one just doesnt speak about...
Why did you send me after Friedman? To atone for your sins?
That my brother, my husband and your Mr Friedman were linked, that much I had guessed. But that my husband had killed Leon? No.
You dont say.
Youre wrong about my being there, though. Carlos borrowed my car that day, his had broken down...  Leon saw it, like you, assumed I was there, thought hed wait to ask for a lift. But Carlos turned up, with the tape you found...  Leon got his lift, and accidentally picked up the tape with his photo equipment when he got out. He watched it, confronted Carlos, threatened to tell the police about the hotel... I dont know how he knew about the hotel. Perhaps Carlos talked too much... My husband did not tell me... You more or less guessed the rest...  I didnt know any of this before you left for Los Angeles.
Oh no. At long last Leon had found a mission. Hed never have killed himself when glory beckoned. Your husband killed your brother. And thanks to you, almost got me killed too.
Leon could still have hung himself.
Kids are not your thing, Deborah. Youd have been ready for me when I turned up with Sleeping Beauty. Damn it! Then too I should have paid more attention. Not Leon, you said. It struck me at the time, but obviously not hard enough. You didnt say My God!, or whatever else well-bred ladies squeak on hearing Uncle Henry misbehaved. Not Leon. Who then?  You sure were right about one thing, Deborah, the job was too formidable for me. I should have thought a little more before I left for Los Angeles. But there I was focused so hard on Friedman Id stopped thinking. Nothing added up - Leon soliciting money for prints while buying kids at 15,000 a go; infiltrating the world of child traffickers; duping Friedman into selling him a little boy... You sure were right. The job was too formidable for me. But you knew that, didnt you?
If-if my car is there, I could be the one who... Why dont you accuse me of killing my brother?
Your brother stumbled upon Adoniss little secret, didnt he? And traded his silence for a kid and some cash. And Adonis fell for it, bought him his kid, sent him away, and then killed him when he came back for more.  Leon didnt come here to borrow money for prints. He came to extort a second kids life. Your flunkey let him in, so his visit couldnt be concealed, hence the exhibition story. There was no exhibition. Just as you suspected. Remember, Deborah? Leon does his own prints. Wouldnt want anyone to interfere with his Art.  I should have paid more attention to your words. Perhaps its the way you say them...
Not in the strict sense of the word, no. He was in too much of a hurry to kill me when we first met and too wasted in acid when I caught up with him later.
...You-you spoke to him?
I doubt Friedman ever even met Leon, Deborah. Friedman dealt with select customers. As for my envelope, had he know where it was he wouldnt have mistaken me for a hitman called Lamont when we met in Los Angeles.
Leon didnt hang himself, Deborah. Your husband killed him and made his death look like suicide. How did he do it, eh? Strangulation? Drugs? No doubt an autopsy will tell.
Leon hung himself...
Leons not found, your parents worry, talk of hiring help to find him, even mention their manhunter friends perhaps... and Adonis panics, takes control, brings me in reckoning a small- time detective is unlikely to dig up anything awkward, not before Leons found anyhow. He must have kicked himself when he learned Id exceeded his expectations.
Leon hung himself...
Adonis thought your brothers bodyd be found reasonably quickly when he hung it in Epping Forest, didnt he? Seemed like a good idea. An ex-junkie, obsessed with death; the perfect candidate for suicide. He just forgot one thing: forest ramblers are rare during your average blustery English November. An Englishman might have thought of that, but a Brazilian...
Leon hung himself.
Does the name Pierre Dreyer mean anything to you? Hes a client of mine and a friend of your husband.
My brother hung himself.
What do you mean, No, Mrs De Moraes?
No!
Tell me, did he kill his little victims too?
It must be tough being married to Adonis to end up sleeping alone every night. Sleep must be hard coming. Whats harder? The thought of the fine litter you two could have bred if? Or imagining what he does with his children?
How... When did you...
I take it you learnt to live with yours then. Take it all the mind-dulling pills in your medicine cabinet are surplus to your well-being...
Huh! Dont you recall convincing me he had?  You should learn to live with your mistakes, Mr Lombard. There is some merit in it.
You knew he had nothing to do with your brothers disappearance, didnt you?
Whatever the reason, Im sorry I did. Goodbye, Mr Lombard. I believe you know your way out.
I guess the news youd sent me after Friedman didnt go down too well, eh?
You do have a vivid imagination, Mr Lombard. I only wish youd use it fruitfully instead of in being obnoxious. I fail to understand your purpose in this. Still, say what youre owed if you still wish to be paid or get out, all right?
When did you learn about his taste for kids, huh? On your honeymoon? Or was it later, when bitterness set in and you turned against your beloved but weak little brother? How did you find out? Did he confess? Try to convert you perhaps? Or was it womans intuition? Or just the way he fucked you?
Have you finished?
You know hed have had him killed, dont you? Does a conscience still burn somewhere inside your sore mind, Deborah? Or is it just cold expediency? Could the boy perhaps come in useful when and if the day ever comes for you to face up to the man you married?
Why... I dont know what youre talking about.
Ive had a long and unpleasant day. Im tired and Im angry. But mad? Not yet.  I paid Leons boy a visit this morning. Found him alive and well. Why havent you told your husband where he is since reading my note, eh?
Youre mad...
How did you break into my office, Deborah? Ladies of your standing dont learn to pick locks between shopping trips.  Come on, Deborah! Acting dumb doesnt suit you! Who knew Id found dirt on your brother, huh? Who knew it was in an envelope? Taking me for dead, whod want to make sure it didnt fall into the wrong hands?
You what, Mrs De Moraes? YOU WHAT?
You... You are out of order, Mr Lombard. I...
Or is it the other way round? The children are needed because you cant satisfy him?
Whats in the bag? Underwear? To seduce your husband? Or is it for your own recreation?  Tell me, how come such a handsome couple sleep in seperate bedrooms? Is it because he does it with little children?
Sorry?
Black suits you.
I... If you dont mind, I do not think he matters now. It... Things turned out to be as we thought; Leon was weak. Theres no point in delving into his sad life anymore. Now, will you please tell me how much we owe you?
Arent you curious to know about Friedman?
I... Well, were burying Leon tomorrow and... Look, I wish I had more time, but its late and with the funeral...
Youre repeating yourself, Mrs De Moraes.
Im really sorry you were not called...
Why dont you ask when I left the Mondrian?
When did you get back?
How are you, Mrs De Moraes?
Mr Lombard...
Uh... Wait a moment, Mrs De Moraes...
Mr Lombard. Mrs De Moraes...
Yeah. Goodnight, Mrs De Moraes.
Paul Lamont...?
Not yet. The place I hoped to find him turns out to be little more than a contact address. Ill give it 24 hours. He just might show up.  If you need to reach me ask for Mr Lamont. Paul Lamont, all right?
Yes... You woke me up... Its the middle of the night here. Have you found Mr Friedman?
Are you all right?
...7548. Have you... Have you found him yet?
The Mondrian, room 504. The number is 266 7548, plus the L.A. code...
Just a moment...  Go ahead.
Have you got a pen?
Mr Lombard?
You do want me to keep the job, dont you, Mrs De Moraes?
You drive a hard bargain, Mr Lombard.
W-why are you telling me all this, Mr Lombard?
Minimizes the risks. Children can be moved across borders using reliable businesses. These can also be used to move women and drugs... Anything that makes money really.
The hotels are useful capital investments. The kids liquid assets. My guess is they own hotels across the globe, and travel agencies specialising in flights from the third world to boot.
Huh! Really? Hotels?
You watched the tape?  Friedman and his people dont just provide little kids and videotapes, Mrs De Moraes. Theyre in the import-export business. They run hotels here in London which they probably use as ware- houses and ports of call for their merchandise.
Are we understood?
Well, I found a little more than that. Let me put it this way:...  Last night I thought your brother might be dead, tonight Im convinced he is. That said, I have no evidence and I advise you to let the police deal with it.
Im impressed. That information could have cost me 20,000.
The man who sold the boy to your brother.
Who is Friedman?
You could say that. And Friedman left this morning for Los Angeles.
You lost my money?
Last night you upset my sleep. Tonight my social life. We have two minutes. My dinner guests are waiting.
Thank you for coming. Come in and close the door, will you?
You drive a hard bargain.
I still dont buy your story but I figured it cant do any harm to let you go on with your enquiry. Besides, if you do turn out to be nothing but a cheap little extortioner, we could always get the right people onto you. I trust you know who I am talking about.
Couldnt Nazi hunters do the job?
Huh! Who do you think we are, Mr Lombard?
Why me, Mrs De Moraes? Why should such well-connected people as you hire a small- time French detective to look for their missing son, Mrs De Moraes?
The family hired you and I have just fired you, Mr Lombard.
I was hired by your parents, Mrs De Moraes.
Laurence!
No. Youre fired! Get out of my house. And take your sick tape with you...
Perhaps I should come back when youre...
Get out of my house. Youre fired, Mr Lombard.
Excuse me?
No. The question now is how long its going to take you to get out of here, Mr Lombard.
The question now is whether or not your brother still owns anything, Mrs De Moraes.
How dare you...  You dont know this tape belongs to my brother, do you, Mr Lombard?
Look, Mrs De Moraes, however much of a let down it might be, your brothers not back to his old weekend tricks! Impressionable as he is, he probably grew tired of healthy girls in grisly poses, tried moving on to bigger things, came upon more than hed bargained for and somehow fancied he could take on the real world. Which he no doubt chanced upon on his way to that thing now sitting on your table... Have a look at it, Mrs De Moraes. I told you I had bad news...
Oh no. Youll have to do better than that, Mr Lombard.
I cant tell you that yet. But hes being well looked after.
Where is it?  He. The boy you said my brother bought! Where is he?
I will of course do my best to hang onto it.
I need the money to smooth my way, you understand? Now, have you got that sort of cash here or do we need to meet in the morning?
Excuse me?
Your brother got mixed up with child procurers  and tried to make this world a better place, Mrs De Moraes. And having rescued one little life he unwisely set out to repeat the exercise.  You dont mess around with child procurers. Right now my guess is hes either on the run, held captive, or dead.  I understand your misgivings, Mrs De Moraes. But Ive seen the boy and made telephone contact with the man Leon bought him from. If anyone knows what happened to your brother it will be that man. Which leads me to why Im here at such a late hour. I need 20,000, in cash, by 11 this morning.
What... What are you talking about?
You seem surprised. Could it be you dont think that badly of him after all?  You neednt worry. It seems his motives were pure. From what I can make out he bought the boy to rescue him from further abuse.
Theres more. Your brother also purchased a young boy for 15,000.
You... You found that at Leons?
Its a snuff movie. Prime paedophile material. Im told it retails at around 4,000.  I see you dont require a definition.
Disney! How inter...
I found this at your brothers.
Anything is possible.
Can it be that you want your brother found?
Can it be that easy?
Now you are confusing me, Mrs De Moraes.
Oh-oh! Touch, Mr Lombard! But tell me, what would you know about sisterly love, eh?  No. Dont. You might get confused speaking of things you dont understand and we need you clear- headed, at least until youve done what we are paying you for.
I dont know. He seems to delight in so much sisterly love, he might become determined.
For your information, Mr Lombard, trouble is possibly the one thing Leon is capable of getting into all by himself. Though I doubt he will not ultimately fail even at that.
Im afraid I have bad news, Mr De Moraes. I have reason to believe your brothers in trouble.
I wont comment on the time but youll understand if I dont tell you to sit down. Now, spare me the apology and get to the point, will you, Mr Lombard. 
Was it cash, Mr De Moraes?  The 1,000. You gave it to him in cash?
Perhaps it wasnt so brave of him. Had I been here I just might have given him his money, Mr Lombard. One can reap rewards from the strangest of conduct, as someone in your line of work ought to know.
Is that why your brother braved coming here to ask you for a loan?
I have too much money to work, Mr Lombard.
What about you, Mrs De Moraes?
Well, Leon does not need money for prints, Mr Lombard. Does his own printing. Wouldnt want anyone to interfere with his Art!  Which, as he subsequently vanished, raises the question: what was the money for? Perish the thought.
And that is the last time any...
Three weeks ago. To borrow money. I wasnt here but he got to my husband, sold him some fancy story about an exhibition of his work and needing money to get new prints made. Carlos handed over 1,000 to get rid of him.
That depends what youre looking at.
Appearances can be deceptive, Mrs De Moraes.
Now you know why youre here, Mr Lombard.  It might be difficult for someone like you to discern, but we are people of a certain standing.
Can you tell me how you spell...
Penrhyndeudraeth, North Wales.
A call box? Thats odd. Where exactly?
Theres nothing wrong with the line, sir. Are you sure you have the right number? 770 471 is the number of a call box.
01766 770 471. Let me check it for you, sir.
Yes. Im trying to reach a friend but I cant get through. The number is 01766 770 471.
Directory enquiries. Can I help you?
Not in America, sir. You must be from Europe.  So, black coffee and a couple of crescents.
The word for those things is croissants.
Croissants. Like that...
Im sorry, sir. Could you try that again?
Croissants.
Crow what?
A coffee and a couple of croissants.
Good morning, sir. How can I help you?
Huh! And they say charitys only rewarded in Heaven... Hallelujah...  Christ...
Nothing sticks to slime, Emily.  This should cover what you lent me.
I can... The question is, can you lie to your ex- husband?
You cannot walk away from this. You cannot.
Theyd never let me go. And youd end up in more trouble than you know for helping me.
My ex-husband. My work drove him away. Made his life a misery. He thinks Im obsessed, punishing myself for what happened to our son.  But hes a good guy. Hell listen to you. He wont turn you in if I ask him not to. I can pretty much guarantee that. Okay?
What about your friendly cop?
...Im Emily Stewart. The hysterical female who sees evil everywhere since the day her thirteen year-old boy disappeared. The pain in the ass who cries wolf at the drop of a hat. However I go about this thats who I am. Do you get what Im fucking saying, Mr Lombard?
Its up to you whether they walk or not.
Damn it! You cant fucking walk away from this!
Look! Either you talk or the creeps are gonna walk. For gods sake. What am I supposed to say? I got this from a French guy from England who broke in there to have a chat with an Austrian child trafficker? Is that it?
Then find another way.
A seminar in a baby breeding farm! Bodies in acid! You think Ill get anywhere with that? Jesus! With luck I might raise a laugh. They might even send a patrol car to check the place out. Whatever, itll be too late.
Im finished here and Im tired, Emily. You shouldnt be here. Now dont make it worse.
That-that wont do. Thats not the way it goes. You saw it, you tell it, thats the way...
Call from the motel and tell him if he moves fast enough there might be something left of a body dissolving in acid.  Can I have the keys to your house?
Do you know a friendly cop?
Were both thinking the same thing, right?
No one saw me but the Italian and a dog. I blew up their generator. They thought it was an accident but by now they must have realised one of their party is missing. It might make them feel insecure enough to decide to pack up...
Who knows. Who cares...  You wanted slime. You got slime.
Italian? The Mafia...?
Some Italian I picked up back there. Hes in the boot of the Mustang.
So who... Whos the man? Where is he?
Friedmans dead... They killed him...
What...  Some kind of organ factory... Pregnant girls doped up. Babies. Theres a lot of people back there. Theyre holding a seminar. Traffickings the past, breeding the future...
What...?
Whos the guy? Whos the guy! Nom de Dieu!  Had the guy got a closer look at you or your number plate Id have had to kill him.
Look, you dont tell me about some Godforsaken place where stuff so bad even I couldnt imagine it goes down and expect me to go quietly to sleep! What happened? Whos the guy? The Austrian?
I think so. And if it comes to it, tell the cops anything you think will make them move. Whatever you came up with couldnt come close to how bad it is. Bye now.
Have you found your man? Is that where he is?
Route 395. Past Edwards Air Force base and about half a mile before a place called the Red Mountain Motel. Theres a dirt track with a Closed to the public sign. It leads to some kind of ranch in the middle of nowhere. If you havent heard from me by morning send the cavalry, okay? But not before, you hear?
Oh. What... Yeah. Okay.
Get a pen and dont ask any questions.
Burn the passport and keep the money. Think of it as a donation to the cause...
What am I to do with the packages if...
Dont fall asleep with your hair wet.
Yeah. Goodnight, Emily.
Right... Well, Ill get your money first thing in the morning, okay?  Okay. Goodnight then.
Thank you. But I think Ill go to bed. Its been a long day.
A little too tight, eh?  ...They were my sons. Only thirteen and already six feet tall. A real lanky boy...  I... Theres some cold chicken salad in the fridge if youre hungry.
Come on, Mr Lombard. You tailed your man all the way here from Europe. You told me you knew where to find him, remember? Or didnt I hear you right?
Huh... I have no... ... hard evidence...
Did you not enter this country illegally?
A criminal?
Its give and take time, Mr Lombard. You need help, we need information. You didnt really expect me to put my ass on the line helping a criminal just for the thrill of it, did you?
Did you call me up here to enjoy yourself, Emily, or to let me use your phone? Because we seem to have a slight problem...
How come youre alive? Child traffickers usually achieve what they set out to do.  What am I really looking at here, huh?  Are you really not just a lousy private eye? Am I really looking at some kind of cunning dispenser of justice in disguise?
Thank you for the guided tour, but would you mind telling me what were doing here?
Like youll find a way to stop your Austrian killing you a second time round?
Im sure Ill find a way.
No answer. You have no passport and your Embassys out. How do you plan to leave the U.S., Mr Lombard?
Hah... What about Nathalie?
A recent acquisition. Weve had four break- ins this year alone; files stolen, computers wrecked, faeces smeared on walls. The good guys dismiss us as alarmist do-gooders; the bad guys will risk prison to intimidate and rob us. An easy living indeed, Mr Lombard.  I got through to Moreau and Jane. I left your landlord out of it. Your flats been broken into. Jane wants you to call her back.
I wouldnt mind. Thank you.
Thereve been 7 international treaties since 1904 aimed at preventing child slavery. But still no worldwide body dedicated to investigating the maltreatment of children used in sexual exploitation. Officially, its just not called for. Sit down. Can I offer you some coffee?
I might come back, I might not. But if I do, it wont be for a couple of hours.
I know where to look.
You know where to look for your Austrian, right?
I thought youd never ask... As I was having my coffee and crescents at the Mondrian the other morning I spotted your photograph in the Los Angeles Times... Theres a tough lady, I thought. Just the kind who might help me...
There are over 4 million people in this city - why me?
Lombard...  It will take a few days for the things I need to get here. Meanwhile Id sooner not draw police attention walking the streets like a hungry dog...
Have you never heard of collect calls, Mr...
No. A poor little rich boy who thought hed save a few kids from their retailer. He disappeared on his second shopping expedition.
You dont know why hes come to Los Angeles?  The man you say he killed? Who was he? A colleague of his?
Yeah.
By your Austrian?
The Mondrian, room 504. I was checked out in my absence.
Where were you staying before the attempt on your life and why cant you go back there?
French people need a visa to enter this country. That takes time and I didnt have any. I used a British passport. My names not Lamont but Lombard. Xavier Lombard.
Okay. The woman just cant walk away...  I want straight answers. No hesitation or I walk for sure. Why cant you go to your Embassy?
You...  Jesus Christ!
Well, Id sooner mug an old lady...
I cant believe this...  Whats coming now, eh? If I dont pay all Hells gonna break loose, is that it?
A small loan would be welcome. More urgently, I need access to a telephone and an address where things can be sent to me.
Is this some kind of sick stunt? Let me guess.  You want money, right?
Im fine standing, thank you.
Youre sure you wont sit down, Miss Stewart?
I dont smoke. If you could get to the point...
You wouldnt have a cigarette, would you?
Youre a long way from home...
Europe...  France. Im French but I live in London...  ... England.
May I ask where youre from, Mr Lamont?
Shell be alright. Shes tough...
Shit! Fuck! Whats fucking wrong with people!  Im going to bed. And sweet dreams to you to! 
No. Youre looking at a real Musketeer here, Whitney. Brave and rash. Had to dash in there.  Take a prisoner... Might as well have sent them a notice to quit...  Come on, Musketeer! Got anything to say?
Emily...
Look at him, Whitney. Come all the way from England to clean up California. Huh!
Thats right. Wheres the fucking Italian, eh, Mr French hero?
Weve still got the Italian...
Most of our information comes out of the mouths of babes, Mr Lombard - confused and frightened victims. Its all too easily discredited, you understand. Now, you might be just what weve been waiting for. Your information could be enough to make em sit up and listen.
If you have hard evidence about a child trafficker, we want it, Mr Lombard. And we want it before you get yourself killed...
Hi...
And losing you, wed lose him. And that would be a shame, dont you agree?
Whitney Armstrong, my deputy. What Whitneys trying to say is that you might not live to tell the tale next time you meet your Austrian...
Have the money ready by 11am. Well call you.
... Fine. Ill go for the safe place.
Fifteen for a straight delivery. Twenty with the provision of a safe place. Visitors tend to find the second option more convenient.
I see. How much?
Im afraid the only pups currently available at such notice are brown and trained. But they are all very cheerful and have been thoroughly checked for diseases...
Tomorrow?
How much of a hurry are you in?
What about an untrained pup, white...
So, what are you looking for?
Yes... Good, good...
We also provide 24-hour after-sale service. Were the puppy to fall sick or accidently die, we would unburden you, you understand?
Yeah.
Pups. Bitches. From three to twelve months.  Trained and untrained ones. White and brown ones. You understand?
What sort have you got?
What sort of puppy are you looking for?
This is a bad line.
Why?
May I have your phone number?
I saw the ad at Georges.  Im passing through town and Im in a hurry.
Have we done business before?
Im calling about the puppies.
Downstairs... At the front... Jesus...
Where is it?
B-Black...
What colour is your car?  What colour is your car?
F-five. The Wilsons and their three kids. They run the place. Look, man, Ive got to get to...
What about the staff?  Theyre in on whats going on, arent they?  How many of them?
Another hotel. Down the road. Martin lives there. He took your money. Hes got a safe...  I need a doctor...
Whats the Ambassador?
Just me...  Martins gone back to the Ambassador. Look...
How many of you scumbags are here?
I dont know. I dont know, man. I dont even know Friedman that well... I...  Man, youve got to get me out of here...
What company?
The company. We all work for the company.
And who does Friedman work for?
I dont know...  This is just a delivery place, man! I swear I dont know where the kids are... I work for Martin, thats all. Martin knows. He works for Friedman. He knows...
There were six on offer, you scumbag. Where are the other five?
What kids?
Where are the kids?
Finsbury Park. Were in Finsbury Park.
Where are we?
What?
Where?
Yeah... The Diplomat.
Whats this place? A hotel of some kind?
No... No...  I swear...
Ever seen him before?
Who?  Martin... Hes Martin...
Whos the money man?
Yeah... This morning. He left this fucking bloody morning... Jesus, man, my knees...
...On holiday?
I dont know. Hes gone!  Hes gone. I dont fucking know where, I swear... Hes gone. On holiday...
Where is he?
Yes. Friedmans the fuckin Austrian!
Where is the Austrian? Is Friedman the Austrian?
Who are you?
Jee... Fuck... Youre fucking mad!
Youre not playing with little boys now, scumbag. Where is the Austrian?
You... Fuck you!
Where is the Austrian?
What...?
On the bed!
I certainly did, sir...
You sure you passed on my message?
Got it. Puppies.
Next time he calls tell Mr Gluck he better be there to take his calls at 9 tonight or at 9 in the morning if he cares about his puppies. Got that?
Absolutely, sir. As a matter of fact he called this morning, sir.
Does Mr Gluck call for his messages?
Can I have the reception desk, please.
The Hyatt. Good afternoon. May I help you?
Ill call again.
Im sorry but Mr Gluck is not answering, sir.  Would you like to leave a message?
Thank you, Jane.
Yes. How did...
Carlos De Moraes?
Really? And how are you, eh?  Someone called Pierre Dreyer said that a month ago he had dinner with a Brazilian friend of...
Hello, Jane. Its me.
What are you up to, eh, Savieer? I mean, not this but... Money, passports, a gun in a microwave? Who are you, eh? Who are you?
Id appreciate it if you could do this for me. If you cant, dont worry about it. Ill call in about an hour anyway. Sorry but Im in a hurry. 
Your secretary, huh!
Just ask if they can recall recommending my services to anyone in the recent past. Say youre my secretary, all right?
Thanks for cleaning my flat and sending my money, all right?... Come on, I need you. Its important.
Piss off!
Well, Im sorry. I...  This is my nephew... And my brother, Tim. Ive got the week off and hes come to stay.
Its not.
No... I told you on the phone. Whoever broke in messed-up all your papers. I put everything back where I thought it ought to be.  Maybe its there with...
Jane, there was an envelope in my desk. The one Id given you and then got back, remember? I cant find it. Do you know where it is?
Hello there. Hows the flat. I cleaned...
Oui, bonjour, Jean... Oui, trs bien, merci. Dites-moi, pourriez-vous me dire si vous avez recommandmes services quelquun rcemment... Vous tes certain... Non, non...  Je vous remercie... 
I came to feed your fish. I didnt know...
Bye bye, Jane. And dont be naughty.
Shes pretty... See you, huh?
Oh yeah! Better be good and hurry away then! Who knows? We might be being watched! Maybe one of your stupid French companies has got a detective prying into your life - after all, thats what they do to their employees, isnt it? Huh! Hope you enjoy ruining peoples lives. Thanks for the lift!
Ive got work tonight, Jane.
Oh no. Im all right. He was a jerk, really. Another boy, you know? All I meet is boys. When I think of all the fuss about older men fancying young girls. I mean, is it true?
Well, I hope youre not too heartbroken and...
Oh... We split up.
Its Friday night, Jane. What happened to your latest boyfriend?
So you havent seen the film, then?
That are called Rommel or something, I guess not that many. 
I dont know. How many famous French film directors can there be?
Should I?
La collectionoose. Its about a young girl in the south of France who seduces a different man every night and then meets one who resists her. Its on TV tonight and as Im in I thought we could perhaps look at your accounts and... The review says its about the conflict between intellect and instinct. And witty. The directors supposed to be famous. Rommel or something. French. You must know him?
La what?
Have you heard of a French film called La Collectionoose?
Yes. But my boss reckons youd still be better off as a limited company. For expenses and all that, you know? Itd cost you about 100 but he said itd be worth it.  Of course, youd need a partner to register. But thats a formality. I mean, I could be your partner. I mean, just as a name, right?
Good.
Must be your lucky day then. Ive got your accounts - you dont owe much tax for last year.
No.
Fine. How was the match? Did you loose?
How are you, Jane?
Hello again, neighbour. I didnt intrude, did I?
Jah...
Look at it this way. He might achieve everything your son never did.
Plus a trust fund to provide for the boys education.
10,000 a year to the girl for as long as she looks after the boy?
Fine. One more thing, Mrs and Mr Spitz; may I ask what is or was your occupation?
My husband and I will be leaving tomorrow for a short stay in Israel. Deborah will be here if you need anything before our return.
Ha... No, Mr Lombard. His monthly allowance is all he is to expect from us. He knows it and we feel the amount is more than adequate.
Why do you think your son chose not to come to you for funds for his photography, Mrs Spitz?
We are aware of your rates, Mr Lombard. We will pay you double your rates plus expenses. In return, need I say it again, we expect discretion and undivided attention.
My rates...
The 1,000 is on account.
When... Im told he came here...
Im sure... As far as you know, when and where was your son last seen?
The proprietor of his workplace is the only friend of his we know about.  His address is in this envelope with Leonards address, keys and other things you might need. 
Any friends?
No. And before you ask, no, hes not gay! He has had girlfriends, but nothing serious...
I take it your son is not married, Mrs Spitz?
Then why arent you asking the police to look for your son, Mrs Spitz?
He could indeed, Mr Lombard. But had he done so I think he would have let us know about it.
So he could have decided to go on a trip...
Leonard does not hold a driving licence. As for his passport, I do not know where he keeps it.
Did you look for his passport, driving licence?
Yesterday. It all looked normal.
I presume you checked your sons apartment...
Then you should not have sought an explanation.
I didnt mean to imply you did, Mrs Spitz.
I said earlier that my husband and I are supporting Leonard in his photography, Mr Lombard. By this I mean that since his return from America I have been depositing for him a monthly allowance in an account we jointly hold. So as you see, I did not have to break the law to find out if he used the account.
Check with your sons bank. Banks dont usually give out information about their customers.
Do what, Mr Lombard?
How did you do that, Mrs Spitz?
You wouldnt be here if I knew, Mr Lombard. What I do know is that he has not been at work for three weeks. That enquiries to the police and London hospitals have borne no results. And that a check with his bank revealed he has not used his account for four weeks now.
What do you think has happened to your son, Mrs Spitz?
Leonard. What my daughter is on about, Mr Lombard, is that Leonard is somewhat of a Bohemian. You might as well know that...
I take it your son is called Leon?
What I can appreciate is insolence, Mr Lombard!
Look Mrs Spitz... I dont know to whom Im indebted for the recommendation but... Im not in the business of making oaths of allegiance or giving myself character references. What I do is listen to what the people who care to call me have to say and judge whether or not I can be of help. I hope you can appreciate that, Mrs Spitz.
Good. Now, as I trust you may have guessed, we are looking for someone to work for us. Someone whose discretion can be relied upon. Someone who while in our employ would give us full commitment. Do you think you could be that person, Mr Lombard?
Okay. Recommended...
You may not. And besides, it is irrelevant.
Didnt you say I came recommended?  Thats what I thought. May I know by whom?
Must I speak to you in French?
Recommended?
Whatever, you come recommended. We...
Well, I would have to point out that we could have dealt with that question when you called this morning, Mrs Spitz. I wouldnt like to think Id kept you waiting for nothing.
What if it is?
I hope its not too significant.
Lombard, this is not a Jewish name, is it?
May I ask if you are Jewish, Mr Lombard?
May I...?
Spitz. We spoke on the telephone.  My husband...  My daughter, Deborah, whose house this is.  My son-in-law, Carlos...  The gentleman is a business partner of his. 
Good afternoon, Mrs...?
Ho-hotel... Los Angeles... He...
The Hyatt...? Whats that?
Hyatt... Friedmans... at the Hyatt...
Trying to say something, Martin?
Dying without ever reaching the top...
What is?
I told you... The rabble, its me...  Huh... Its sad.
You seem very sure about that.
Youre making a mistake, tough guy. Whoever he is, your guys not one of Friedmans...
Is this Friedman, Martin?  Come on, scumbag. Youve reached your sell- by date. Tell me if this is Friedman, where he is in Los Angeles and what name hes using?
Who are you? Who are you working for, huh?
Is this Friedman?
Could someone have hurt you that bad?
Huh... Im sure thered be lots of takers.
You know what, Martin? I ought to tie you down with your old arse up in the air and advertise the hole in the middle of it to the world. Free. And hope you never die.
Boys like the one you met today are surplus. Commodities worth a handful of notes in whatever arsehole of the world they happen to be born into. We improve some lives buying them where theyre not wanted, improve still more selling them where they are. Is that too hard for you?
Im overcome by your public-spiritedness.
Maybe you should. Think about it. Those who can afford our goods do their thing without upsetting anyone. Those who cant do it to kids from the streets or their own family and it makes upsetting headlines.
Maybe I dont.
Money talks, bullshit walks, whether you like it or not.
Only feeding the disease, eh, Martin?
Huh. Id have thought a tough guy like you would know better. The sick ones are out there, friend. They make up the clientle. Get rid of them and were out of business.
Is it real?  You people are sick.
Maybe the thought of people like you going on holiday bothers me. Come on, lets go...
Youre out of your mind. Whats the idea?
Shut up and drive!
This car needs petrol.
Dont jump any red lights.
No. In Hampstead... Why?
Friedman lives with you at the Ambassador?
Look, I dont think youre fully aware of what youre playing with here, Mister. Whoever put you up to this either pays too well or misinformed you. Why dont you just tell me what it is you want so we can do business in a civilized manner, eh?
Where is Friedman?
Huh, I doubt it...  Friedman only deals directly with select customers. I handle the rabble...
This one came back and was never seen again. I understand Friedman looked after him.
Clients come and go.
Six weeks ago. He bought a boy of yours.
Am I supposed to know him?
Right now your big friend at the Diplomat is bleeding fast, Martin. He might still possibly survive if attended to soon. And he did cooperate.
I dont know what your problem is, but...
Lets go.
Uh-huh. You couldve waited for me inside.
Is my money in there?
Problems?
Does it matter?
Vous tes Franais?
Anything at all. I presume you wont want to take the boy with you when youre finished?  Theres a 500 fee for disposal. The boy is yours, you understand?
Anything at all?
The rooms yours for 24 hours. Its sound- proofed, stocked up with food, drink and other things you might find useful. You can do anything you like.
We conclude our transaction.
What happens now?
We need a double-room and as I understand youre here alone wed be much obliged if youd agree to move to a single room...
What are you talking about?
This is the hotel supervisor, Mr Lamont. Im terribly sorry to disturb you but theres been a mix-up with our bookings which you might be able to help us resolve.
What is it?
Le Mercury. Newman street. Ask for Peter.
Three oclock.
At what time will you be available?
Yeah.
Its about the puppy. You got the money?
You must agree to be blindfolded...  Just for the journey. It might appear unseemly - youre the paying customer - but ordinarily clients come with some kind of endorsement.
Ill be alone.
Will you be alone?  The merchandise. Is it just you or...
Questions can amount to revelations. Now, Id hate to think I was made to come here carrying a substantial amount of money in order to be subjected to a cross- examination. Mr Friedman led me to believe we had a deal. Do we?
An Austrian... Not much to go on, is it?
An Austrian.
And while visiting our fair city you...  An Austrian?
The ladys not a friend. Shes a whore.  Someone at a special screening I attended mentioned certain goods could be got from an Austrian here in London. And not just movies.
Your lady friend did.
I dont recollect mentioning a friend.
The person who put us in touch seems to think so.
Have you?
I gather weve done business with a friend of yours?
Should I come back in five minutes?
Five to three. Youre early.
Yes. You wouldnt know where I could reach him? We had to discuss an exhibition of his photographs at my Paris gallery, you see? I really need to see him before I leave.
Im sorry...
Oh. This is... Wed arranged to meet tonight and Im due to return to Paris tomorrow...
No. I meant he left as in no longer works here.
Left? When? I just come from his place and there was no one there. A neighbour of his...
Leon? No. Im afraid he left.
No. Thank you. Could you tell me if Leon Spitz is here, please?
Evening. Table for one?
Good. You neednt worry about the Austrian anymore. Hes dead. Ill be in touch.
Fine...
Hows the boy doing?
He showed me a book with a picture of a couple caught kissing in a street...
... No. In fact, Id seen him a couple of months earlier. He was quite depressed. His work wasnt getting anywhere. He said he was going to try something new, realism, London in the nineties - documentary stuff, you know...
You sure? What about before he turned up with the boy?
... No.
Did he mention anything about having an exhibition of his work?
Yes. Three thousand pounds. I still...
The money Leon left for the boy, was it cash?
He... Apparently the hostility was all hers. Leon didnt... It hurt him. They used to be close...  Their parents were in their forties when they were born, you see. And mostly away. They grew up in a Scottish mansion with old nannies and servants. He... Our world was so old and cold, we shone for one another, Leon used to say. His sister cut him off after she got married. He never understood why but thought it was because she had no children. Was bitter...
Did he ever refer to the hostility between them?
Er... Yes...
Ive been away.  Did Leon speak to you about his sister?
The nineteenth... How come you didnt know?
Whats the date?
Hed come prepared. He had something besides Shiva... Sleeping Beauty. The Disney film...  Well, it looked like the Disney film. It was something else. I couldnt watch...
No sick people in the country, huh?... Just tell me one thing, Rhian. Leons story about the boy? You just took his word for it?
Im sorry. Its just you dont look local...
And you better stop greeting strangers with a shotgun. If Leons Austrian was looking for you I reckon hed have found you before I did.
Oh, I... She just moved. Ive got her new... Its in my book in the kitchen. Wait... Thank you.
I cant think of a good reason for it - for now anyway. My number if anything happens. Whats your sisters number?
Yes...You-youre not going to take Shiva away?
Is she on the phone?
My sister... She lives in the next valley.
Who else knows about the boy?
Albert... Albert and Ethel. Why?
Do you know Leons parents names?
Theyre German Jews. Came here before the war. They both lost all their families in extermination camps, but they themselves never went near one. The idea that his family wealth was started with money he believes should have gone to camp survivors has been haunting Leon. Its not guilt, more of a curse...  And then theres something about his parents being involved with Nazi hunters... But I think thats just one of Leons dark delusions...
Im afraid I dont understand.
Yeah... But he didnt beat the demons...  A quarter of all the shoes sold in Europe are made by or retailed through his parents leather empire. All started from a small shop in the East End of London and war reparation money for holocaust victims.
His mother would be pleased to hear that.
Thats what he said. I tried to dissuade him... Told him I couldnt take on another child, that hed get into trouble... I mean, people who sell children... But he wasnt listening... I guess he finally found himself a crusade... His family think hes back on drugs, eh?  Huh... Leon did drugs. A lot of drugs. Went through his self-destruct phase, you know?  Things to come to terms with. Demons to fight... Some peoples minds are gloriously uncomplicated. Not Leons. He did beat the drug, though. He did.
Good reasons?
He just said he had good reasons.
Did Leon tell you why he didnt want the police involved, Rhian?
We didnt quite make it as lovers... Leon is a good man, though...
Shut up!
What are you going to do now? Call the police?  Take him away? I must warn you hes terrified of men, so...
You-youre wrong. I just called to ask if I could stay with him next time Im in London. Thats all.
Havent you? Then why the worried messages on his answering machine, Rhian? Id have sworn you expect him to be in trouble.
You thought wrong. I havent seen Leon for months.
Well, I obviously do. And I also know that Leons not here, Rhian. But I thought that you might know where I should look for him.
...Leons not here. How did you get here? Phil doesnt know where I live.
As you know from speaking to Phil, your friend Leon has disappeared, Rhian. His family have hired me to find him.
No! What do you want here? How do you know me?
Can I get up now?
Whats a French private investigator doing here?
Should I be?
A private investigator... Youre not Austrian?
Reach for it and throw it to me. And... My fingers on the trigger, you hear!
In my jacket. Left inside pocket.
Shut up! Wheres your wallet?
Is this some kind of mugging? Because...
Wheres your wallet? Have you got a wallet?
Its wet. Will this do?
How are you, Rhian?
This is private property. The public footpath is back to the left of the bridge.
Is that where lawyers toil for an industry that turns serial killers into heroes who give thrills to young women who write erotic novels about psychopaths and rapists?  You go to your world, Ill stay in mine. So long, Mister.
Huh... I suppose the idea of a one day trip to Los Angeles doesnt appeal to you...
Barstows 30 miles to the left. Los Angeles a hundred to the right. Wherever youre heading, I reckon somebodyll pick you up.
Im sure you would. But if I had one, I wouldnt let you near it. Now you tuck back in and rest until youre told otherwise.  And for what its worth, I wouldnt try anything that might be construed as unappreciative of my hospitality. Id sooner shoot you than have you upset me...
Id appreciate it if I could use your phone.
Los Angeles is 100 miles away.
Los Angeles?
Huh... I guess you aint quite ready for civilisation yet... Ill give you one more day, a meal, and then youre on your way.
Three days and thats three days too many.Come on. Get your ass up.
I... How long have I been here?
Now, can you stand up?  Can you use your legs and stand up?
I didnt think so. The rags on their sorry backs are the only wordly possessions those wretched creatures are ever found with...  I dont wanna know who you are or how come you ended up roasting in Owl Canyon. But you might as well know Id have let you fry to a buzzard meal if not for this...
No...
And you aint neither one of those damned Mexicans who end up littering the landscape after getting ripped-off by their friendly cross- border guides, are you, mister?
Fucked-up fucking weird.
Yeah. Why? Youre going to look for her... Shit! You really think his pictures are that good?
Could that be Camden Market?
Yeah! Somewhere in Wales. I dont really know her. Used to turn up in a Transit van on weekends, sell old furniture at Camden. Thats how come he only laid her at weekends, ha ha...
Would you know where I might reach her?
Oh. Thatd be Rhian, a Welsh chick he used to lay at weekends. She got wise and dumped him months ago...
Small, blond, good-looking. She was with him when we met. She had a funny English accent.
What about which girlfriend?
What about his girlfriend?
Let me put it this way then; the photographs and the man? One and the same, man, one and the same. At best fucking weird, at worst fucked-up fucking weird. Maybe you should think yourself lucky. Some folks just aint worth getting involved with. And Leon sure is one of em.
I know his work better than I know him.
Huh! You could always try Suicide Bridge.  You dont know Leon, do you?
I take it you dont know where he is, then?
No shit... Well, Im afraid I cant help you.
Uh-huh.
I hear youre looking for Leon.  That makes me, his old-lady, and now you, looking for the little bastard. Leons gone, man. Vanished. You interested in his photographs?
Excuse me?
Welcome to the club.
If you can, send me a receipt.
We are so alike, Xavier. Still, sometimes I wonder which one of us is the ugliest.
I dont have your credentials, Nathalie.
Then why dont you reach him?
But maybe you know someone who does. An Austrian, in London, dealing in kids and snuff videos. How many can there be? These people supply to order. He has to be known, reachable.
A lachat, trois ou quatre mille. En location, cinq cent. Mais a pourrait faire plus. Je ne sais pas. Cest pas vraiment mon truc.  I dont know any Austrian, Xavier.
Le montage, lemballage. Not your regular street muck, is it? This is collectors stuff. How much would it cost me?
Alors quoi?
Alors?
Eh bien... Tes sr que tas besoin de moi?  La petite ma lair assez bien foutue, non?
Mon bureau cotait trop cher.
O est pass ton salon?
Bye. And thanks... Nathalie gently closes the door, eyes Lombard who shakes himself awake... rolls her eyes and surveys the room...
Tu sais o me trouver.
Jai bien peur quil te faudra attendre.  Pas avant la matine.
Viens.
Cinq cents.
Whats an hour of your time worth these days, Nathalie?  Combien, Nathalie!
Un Autrichien. Negociant en pr- pubescents.
Quest-ce que tu veux?
Huh. Im a businessman. What are you, eh?
Dont tempt me. The last scumbag who thought I might kill him died soon afterwards.
What you gonna do? Kill me?
Shut up and walk...
When they realise Im missing...
Thats what he said...
Youre sure he said his caller was a man?
Two stiffs and a missing kid followed your visit to one of the London hotels. He didnt need your confession...
What sums?
Some guy called to let him know the Frenchman whod called the night before he left London was in L.A. looking to kill him. He did his sums and decided to take the call seriously.
Not even scum like Friedman would go to the trouble of killing a stranger on the strength of one anonymous call.
I can only tell you what he told us...
Try again, and this time be polite.
Thats the beauty. An anonymous call. Makes you wonder how many people know what youre up to, eh, French-fuck?
So you killed him and went to clean out his hotel room... How did Friedman say he got to know where to find me?
Huh. Maybe he figured the news our London bureau got a visit from a hitman on behalf of a pissed off client wouldnt go down too well. He only shared his guilty secret last night. And then only cause he was so fucking edgy after calling his hotel we persuaded him to talk.
I think youd rather not know what I think.
What do you think, huh?
So why didnt he?
If he had, youd be dead.
Are you telling me Friedman didnt tell you I was here looking for him?
Thats just it. The sonofabitch didnt ask for help from his colleagues...  Testa di cazzo! Hiring some amateur outsiders to fix you... He hasnt gone to hell too soon... And neither will you, Mr Lamont!
Nice way to help a colleague in trouble.
Huh! You turned him into a liability, didnt you know?
Why did you kill him?
Let me give you a tip, asshole - no one pulls stunts like what you pulled in London and here tonight and hopes to get away with it. It upsets people. Its wrong. Fucking wrong.
Why did you kill Friedman?
Huh! Youve been around, eh?
The acid bath?
Youre the lantern man, huh?  If you wanna see whats left of him...
Glucks dead, you sonofabitch!
Three...
Fuck...
Five seconds. Then you die.
Figlio di puttana. Youre the French asshole who bumped off the London guys...
Gluck.
Who?  I dont know who the fuck youre talking about, sunshine.
Okay, shitbag. Im only going to ask you this once. Where is Friedman?
Its a good guess...
Mossad?
Their last suspected kill occurred two years back, though your Spitzes now probably do no more than bankroll the group. Still, Id watch my step. These people are well-connected, Laurent; former Israeli prime minister, etc. The ladys also president of an international Zionist organisation... Anyway, you get the picture.
Are they still operative?
It appears that in their younger days they were actively involved with a shady German group of Nazi hunters known as Never Forget. Over the years were talking about a dozen or so execution-type killings.
They lost their son. Why?
Salut, Laurent. Ouais. It wasnt easy but I got what you wanted through Interpol. Say, whats your business with these Spitzes?
Moreau? Cest moi. Alors...
Sure. But speak English, will ya, ha ha...
Very funny. Can I go on now?
I dont know. Could be the sound of jewellery hitting a parquet floor, huh?
What do you think?
Whats that? A word?
Costliest!
Cost what?
Ha ha... Yes. With prices reaching an all time low, the name of the game has become have-it- where-its-at... As we all know, transportation has always been the costliest and trickiest part of this business...
Tremoille... don't.  Please...
What do you fear most now... my sword?  ... or his hands?
No.  I see the hand of Tremoille, and Regnault, and Yolande, and you... and they are dirty hands.
Jean... me dear, loyal Jean... why do you want to oppose the will of God?  Jeanne wanted to go to Compiegne -- we let her -- she got caught.  Then, on my personal orders, Regnault proposed 30,000 crowns for her ransom, and once again the answer was no.  And now you say she tried to escape, and the answer is still no.  Jean, open your eyes -- can't you see the hand of God in all this?
But not impossible... Gilles and La Hire are ready to risk everything to save her...
Jean, it's... it's not so easy...
We have to do something before she tries it again!  I beg of you, my lord, don't let her down... let me organize an escape...
It's a miracle she's not dead!
Jeanne's been badly injured!  She jumped from the top of a tower into a frozen moat!
My dear Aulon...  That's fine...
10,000 gold crowns.
Very generous of you all.  How much?
Here... to help pay Jeanne's ransom. All the Captains gave what they could, as well as the citizens of Orleans and the other towns she saved...
Yes, my lord.
Jeanne, this is -- in fact -- my loyal friend and finest archer, Jean d'Aulon.  Jean... I place her in your care.  Find her suitable lodgings -- here -- in the castle... and guard her with your life.
So... pretend it's not a game.
Sire, you know how bad I am at this sort of game.
Good.  Until then, feel free to live like a king!
Of course I am, it's just that...
Why, are you not ready to die for your king?
Majesty, I can't...
My dear Aulon, to you it shall befall the honor of impersonating the royal blood!
My lord, I'm not sure that...
Why not you -- Jean d'Aulon?  The only man who's poorer than I am, and so the only man I can trust. Dignified, honorable, wise... what more could we ask of a king?
... if she can find me? -- That's a brilliant idea!  If she's really been sent by God she'll discover the trap, and if she's an assassin she'll kill the wrong man!  Bring her up!
Let someone else pretend to be you, and see if...
What do you mean?
That's a good idea, sire.
Oh dear, why is life so complicated? Sometimes I really wish I could be someone else.
Jeanne, you can't leave us like this!
I'm not afraid of the fire anymore. It will purify me...
No, you must come, Jeanne -- we need you -- so much has happened since you left... I have a new horse now, a white one, just like yours... and La Hire hardly swears at all anymore...  You can't stay -- they'll burn you!
I'm staying, Jean.
... and maybe the king will give you some money, and a little land, and a title even...  ... wouldn't that be a fine thing? You, a lady of title!
You don't know what you're saying. You're going to leave this place, Jeanne -- you're going home -- or whatever you want -- you're going to be happy, and have children, and...
One day you will.
I -- I don't understand...
My gentle Captain... I'm staying.
Yes yes... any moment... you're always so impatient...
I'm already free...
Just give me a moment and then you'll be free...
I am ready now...
That's an order!
I want to stay with you...
Do as I say!
But... why... what's the point?
Get back inside the town and see if the English are attacking from the other side!
Not yet!
We must sound the retreat!
It would not be the same without you.
Will you at least let me stay with you?
If God wants me to win, he will find a way.  And if he wants me to die... if he wants me back... then that's fine too.  Then I'll be with him forever.
To be killed in battle?
But it is what I want.
But... you've done so much for God as it is... can't you do something for yourself for once -- for Jeanne?
I would like to marry you.  But I have already promised myself... to God.
Jeanne... I believe in you -- but can you believe in me for once? Don't go... even if you don't want to marry me.
Jeanne... I have been hearing voices -- and believe me, those voices left me in no doubt that you must not go to Compiegne!
I will ask my voices... if they come back one day.  Meanwhile... I'm going to Compiegne.
To marry you.
Did you come back to marry me or to insult me?
Or maybe it's Jeanne who's in a trap -- her own trap -- a downward spiral that she can't stop?
No, but...
Did your voices tell you that?  You told me you hadn't heard them for months...
It's a trap!  They're buying time till they can bring over more soldiers from England!
He said that... he's making a treaty with the Duke of Burgundy and...
What did the king say?
You listen to your voices, I listen to my heart.
That's not what I asked... Why do you want to marry me?
Tell the king to give me more men.
Tell me...
If you really want to help me, there's one thing you can do.
Jeanne... I believe in you... more than anyone...
So... even you don't believe in me anymore...
Me?!  It's not me, it's God who makes everything complicated!  If he's all-powerful, why not let the English stay on their island in the first place?  And why let this war go on for a hundred years?  And why send you out to fight when a girl like you should be at home with your family?  Why, why?!
The truth is always simple... it's you, Jean, who's making things complicated.
You make it sound so simple...
I don't know it.  I feel it.
But how do you know what you hear is the truth?
All you have to do is stop talking and just listen.
But I hear so many voices... one voice saying one thing, another voice saying the opposite -- love your enemy, kill your enemy -- what is good, what is evil...?
Well of course they're me!  That's how God talks to me.  If you listen hard enough, even you can hear him. Everyone can hear him.
But how do you know that these -- these voices aren't really just -- well, you.
It's not time yet.  My mission is not over yet.  There is still more I must do before I can really -- finally -- go home.
Maybe their silence is a sign...? Maybe it's a sign to go home?
It's been weeks since they spoke to me.  Since the coronation... no signs... nothing...
What... what do you mean?
They've abandoned me... like everyone.
So... what am I supposed to do now?
Jeanne... the king has ordered us not to ride with you anymore.
Because there's an arrow in your leg.
Yes.  Yes, I'm fine...  We need more brushwood!  Why are you staring at me like that?
Jeanne...!  Are you alright?
Jeanne, no...
I'll go.
It's over, Jeanne.  We won, just as you said!
Yes...
Jeanne, calm down, do you hear me? Are you alright?
Come with me...
Well...
The king said you're his finest archer...?
I promise...
Alright... I promise to rest if you promise... to go back to the battle.
No, it's... it's nothing, it's...
Jeanne, you've been badly wounded...
Not so... easily.  Why aren't you... fighting...?  go on... we're almost there...
They've started the battle without me!
What's going on?!
But... to be honest... I don't think they'll leave tomorrow.
Good.
Uh... they said... they will think about it.
What did they say?
Alright, whatever -- but since He's not going to come down and cut it himself, at least let someone cut it properly!
How dare you tell me what God tells me to do!
He didn't tell you to cut all your hair off...!
How dare you stop me doing God's will!
Jeanne, stop it!
There's nothing to hear -- I haven't done anything.  And why haven't I done anything?  Because none of you will listen to me!!
Jeanne, calm down.  You can't blame the people -- they've been hearing all about you for weeks.
Who do they think I am?!
The King of England.  I want to give them the chance to leave Orleans in peace before I get there.
Yes, I am.  I'm an archer who can read and write.  Who do you want to write to?
I thought you were an archer?
This I can do.  I was studying at the University of Paris -- till the English invaded it.
I also need someone who can read and write.
Well... uh -- this might take a little time -- but let me see what I can do.
Better today than tomorrow.
Now?
I shall also be needing a war horse -- mine is too slow -- and armor -- and a good sword -- and an artist to make me a banner.
Right.  Raymond... a priest.
Yes.  I didn't confess today.
Now?
And I would like to see a priest.
Louis... water and fresh straw!
I would like some fresh straw.
Do you think I could have some water?
Listen, please accept my apologies for... you know, me pretending to be the... well it wasn't really my idea... well, yes it was my idea but...
I'm fed up with taking her orders. She swore she'd defeat the English before nightfall, instead of which she goes and plays the fool and gets herself nearly killed!  Look at the mess we're in!  That's her mess, not mine...!  We're worse off then if she'd never come at all!  ... now do as I say and Sound the Retreat!
But that was her order!
I made no such promise.  Sound the retreat for the night!
But I promised Jeanne we'd fight on!
Sound the retreat...
We have to press home the attack!
Good.
Jeanne's alive!
No, I... I never killed anyone!
... so you were in the middle of the battlefield, with your sword in your hand, waving it above your head... charging against the enemy, screaming and yelling... fighting for your life... and you want us to believe that in the middle of all this excitement you never killed anyone?
Yes, maybe... I don't remember...
You held up your sword and flourished it about in the air? Like this?
No, I... I held it up to...
Did you use the sword that you held in your hand?
Yes, but...
So sometimes you were carrying just your sword?
Yes, probably... maybe...
We have numerous witnesses who can confirm that you were not always carrying your banner...
No!  I warned the English to go back home -- I begged them not to force us to fight -- they knew the defeat I would bring on them... why didn't they listen to me?
Then perhaps the temptation to kill would have been stronger... too strong perhaps...?
No, of course not... I never killed anyone...
Are you saying that if you had not been carrying your banner you'd have killed more people?
To avoid killing anyone.
Why?
And so I... I prefer my banner.
And?
No, it's just... a sword is a weapon.
And why was that?  Did it have some particular value or power?
I was forty times more fond of my banner than my sword.
Which did you prefer, your banner or your sword?
Yes...
Didn't you also carry a banner?
Quite a few.
Do you have a sword?
I leave the answer to God.
Ah, yes, I forgot... God sent us an illiterate peasant to carry out such an important mission!  Do you think that God made the right decision, to take an ignorant girl to save the kingdom of France?
I can't read.
That is not what is written in the evidence... look for yourself!
No... I said "Surrender in the name of the King of France"...
And didn't you order the citizens of Paris to surrender the city in the name of the King of Heaven?
I don't know...
Do you think is was a good idea to launch an attack on a holy day?
I don't remember.  Maybe.
It was on a Sunday, wasn't it?
I tried to.
Is it true that you launched an attack on Paris?
I don't know, but you're all men of the church... why not ask Him yourself?
Good advice for the French, not for the English!  Do you think God hates the English?
Go onto the next question.
No.  But my revelations were for the King of France, not for you.
Did God forbid you to tell the truth?
No...
You're afraid of displeasing God when telling the truth?!
I won't tell you more about that. I'm more afraid of displeasing Him than not answering you...
Performing a miracle.
W-w-what are you doing?!
No no, you don't understand -- this is no ordinary oil -- this is miraculous... this oil was brought from heaven by a white dove to crown King Clovis in this... very... cathedral...
Thirty years ago?  I'm not surprised it's gone...
Well... at the coronation of King Charles VI...
And when was that?
I don't understand... the holy oil of Clovis... it was quite full the last time I saw it...
Oh yes, my lady.  All true kings of France must first be anointed in our great cathedral of Rheims... with the holy oil of Clovis... for it was within these very walls that Saint Remy received the sacred oil from Heaven, brought to him by a white dove for the anointing of King Clovis...
It is the sacred place that matters, Charles -- not the size.  Am I correct, Bishop?
Well find some other way!  Be creative.  Tell them she fucks the devil... Hmm, not a bad idea... why can't you say that?  Sounds good to me... and who can prove she doesn't?
I'm on the side of our Mother Holy Church.  Besides, a confession under torture will never convince anyone of her guilt.
Whose side are you on, Cauchon?
Scared to make a mistake.  Supposing she's right... supposing she really has been sent by God??
Scared of a girl?
You won't be able to drag anything from her that way.  You also must realize that many of my colleagues are... well, scared...
Well what are you waiting for? You've got a castle full of racks and ropes and pulleys:  go and torture the bitch!
But we can't do that unless she admits to blasphemy...
... and your prerogative is to find her guilty...
It is not for us to burn her, my lord.  That is your prerogative.
So long as this bitch remains alive, our armies refuse to fight!  Don't you understand?  They want proof that God is on their side... and the only way they're going to believe that is when they see her being burnt as a witch!
Be patient, my lord... you've seen how it is.  This girl has a way with people... but everyday we're making progress...
How can I calm down when I'm made the laughing-stock of the whole court?!  I've had enough!
Calm down, my lord, I beg you!
Well then?  Start proving... or else the church will have another martyr!
But in order to do so, the church must first prove her heresy, or else you'll be burning a martyr...
We want her burned as a witch!
But if this trial seems fixed, I fear you'll have the very opposite result to the one you want...
To hell with procedure!  We paid a bloody fortune for this slut, and we can do whatever the hell we like with her, whether the church likes it or not -- is that clear?
I understand your impatience, but if you want this trial to be acknowledged as legal we must follow correct procedure and...
She's loyal to her king... it's only to be expected that she...
Who's running this trial, you or her?  I can't believe it!  This wretched girl -- how dare she speak to us like that?
Rouen is in English territory.  I have the right to do anything I like.  Take them away.
What are you doing?  This is an ecclesiastical court -- you have no right to do this!
Arrest them!
And God who allowed you to be caught?
God defeated the English, not me.
Your king?  Ah yes, of course... What's he going to pay me with? Cows?  Chickens?  I prefer gold, and the English have plenty.  I wonder how much they'll pay... to have the Witch of Orleans in their clutches? Those English are so arrogant, they can't accept the idea of being defeated by a peasant girl... it has to have been the devil's work.
My king will pay any ransom you ask.
Guess.
Where... where am I?
Dead you're worthless, darling.
Am I... am I dead?
So... here is the famous Jeanne... Savior of Orleans... terror of the English?  You look pretty ordinary to me...
I'll be right here... I promise.
But where are you going to be?
Don't worry about me -- just stay in here... and don't move!
What about you?
Quick -- hide in here...
I was talking to the priest, and do you know what he said to me?
Really?
I was so worried -- we've all been looking for you!  The English are everywhere!  O thank you, lord!
No no, I'm fine, really...
Are you alright?  Did they hurt you?
I -- I can't Jeanne... I can't hear your confession... I'm sorry...
I ask only one thing... to hear me in confession...
It's not my body I want to save. It's my soul.
I know, Jeanne... it was the only way to save you from the fire!
And you?  Why did you lie?  You promised I could be confessed...
I don't understand, Jeanne... why did you do it?  Why?
Silence her!  Take her away...!
I didn't mean it!  I didn't know what I was signing!  You tricked me...!
You have nothing to regret...
Please... may I have it back...
As often as you like -- now, please -- for the love of God -- sign!!
And may I go to Mass?
Sign this, and I will confess you myself if you want.
No... I want to be confessed.
Jeanne, I beg of you... sign!  In God's name, don't you understand? I'm trying to save you!  If you don't sign, the English will burn you to death!  Is that what you want??
I am sent by God, and I submit all my words and deeds to His judgment. Or do you think that you are better judges than He is?
It is for us to determine whether you are a good Christian, not you.
So it is the Church Militant that refuses to confess me, and so prevents me from being a good Christian?
Let me clarify things for you, Jeanne.  On the one hand there is the Church Triumphant, that is to say God, his saints, and the souls that are saved.  And then there is the Church Militant, that is to say our Holy Father the Pope, the cardinals, the prelates of the Church, the clergy, and all good Catholic Christians.  Moreover this Church, when assembled, is guided by the Holy Spirit and therefore cannot be in error.  That is why we ask you to submit to the Church Militant... that is to say, us.
Is it here?  Now?  In this room?
Yes...
Tell us, Jeanne... do you often hear this voice?
Did it give you advice?  Good advice?
Many things...
What did it tell you?
Yes.
The voice was in your cell?
Praying.
What were you doing when the voice came?
Last night.
When exactly?  A day, a week -- when?
Not long ago...
I assure you they do.  So... answer me... when was the last time you heard this voice?
These questions have nothing to do with your trial.
Jeanne, you are not helping yourself.  If you don't answer our questions properly, your refusal will be taken into account.
And you be careful, you who claim to be my judges, for you too will be judged one day...!
Jeanne -- be careful -- you're not helping yourself by refusing to submit to our judgment...
Not unless you hear my confession.
Jeanne, listen to me very carefully. We are all men of faith, and we shall earnestly strive for the salvation of both your soul and body as though it were our own.  We do so in the name of our Holy Mother Church, who never closes her arms to those who would return to her.  But we cannot help you unless you submit to our learned judgment and authority.  Take heed of this charitable admonition, for if you persist in refusing our help, then we shall have no choice but to abandon you to the secular powers, and I think you know well enough the punishment that would await you.  So now... will you please recite Our Lord's Prayer?
Not unless you hear my confession.
Recite the Lord's Prayer.
Yes.  In the church at Domremy.
Were you baptized?
Nineteen... or thereabouts...
How old are you?
In a village called Domremy.
Show us a little more cooperation first.  Where were you born?
My name is Jeanne.  My little cross I had round my neck was taken away from me.  I would like to have it back.
So... begin by telling us your name -- assuming you're allowed to tell us that much?
I will willingly swear to tell you what I am allowed to tell you, but as to the rest, even if you threaten to cut off my head, I still won't tell you.
You must take the oath!  Not even a king, would refuse to take an oath to tell the truth in a matter of faith.
I will willingly swear to tell the truth about earthly things, but as for my revelations, I've never told anyone except my king... Charles the Seventh... the one and only king of France.
You will swear to tell the truth about whatever you are asked.
I don't know what you're going to ask me questions about.  You may ask things that I won't want to answer.
Take the Holy Gospels in your hand and swear to tell the whole truth concerning everything you will be asked.
Yes.  They paid your ransom... tomorrow you will be transferred to their great castle at Rouen.
The English??
It seems that the English care more about you than the French.
But... the King -- my king -- didn't he pay my ransom?
Your trial, Jeanne.  On a charge of heresy.
Trial?  What trial??
Pierre Cauchon, Bishop of Beauvais. As you were captured in my diocese, the duty of conducting the trial falls upon me.
Who are you?
I will hear you... but not now, not here.
Oh, thank you Lord!  I'm so glad to see you!  I need to confess... I haven't been confessed since Easter... or been to Mass... Will you hear me now?
Don't look at the cost, look at what it brings.  What is your last offer?
20,000?!  But... I heard King Charles was... financially embarrassed.
I understand.  How much?
This word is -- regrettably appropriate for the situation.  In fact what we -- the Church -- wish to do is determine whether or not this girl is sent by God, as she claims.  You understand that we cannot allow just anybody to abuse God's name in this manner...
Buying her?
Not so well, I regret to say.  This business with the Maiden... it's caused him endless grief and torment.  That's why he's entrusted me with the task of... shall we say...
And your Duke?  The Duke of Bedford?
Thanks be to God.
He's feeling wonderful.
Good day, sir.  I trust my honorable Duke of Burgundy is feeling well?
Then her faith will have to be bigger.
But... her army's so small now...
Don't worry, Charles.  If God is still with her, she will be victorious.  We're not her judges... we're just spectators.  Let her go to Compiegne, as you let her go to Orleans, and let God decide her fate.
I... I can't stop her.
I assure you, Charles, the Maiden has no greater admirer than myself. But whatever our personal feelings, we cannot allow her to conduct her own private war.  For the sake of the kingdom, it is imperative that you stop her going to Compiegne...
It's true.  There's only one king... people need to be reminded of that. Nevertheless... Jeanne has done so much for us...
For the sake of France, Charles. And for the sake of my grandson.
You will??
You're a fine judge of character, Charles.  It'll take you less than five minutes to expose her if she's a fake.  But if she's not -- then she will give you your answers... and place the crown on your head.
You really think she's been sent... by God?
Who better than a messenger from God to give answers to your questions?
W-w-what has that got to do with this Maiden?
Mmmm.  Yes.  I know for example the sickness that plagues your heart.  I know how painful it is for you... to have loved a father... without ever knowing if he really was yours.
You think?
Your health and happiness has always been my first concern, Charles... ever since you were a little boy -- and I think I know you better than your own mother...
Why do you have to be so bloodthirsty?  Do you enjoy it?  All that blood and noise and pain? Diplomacy is far more civilized... far safer... and far cheaper...
Peace will only be got from the English at the end of a lance!
Well... we are, of course, enormously grateful for your past efforts, but your task is done.  Now it's time for negotiation... and after many months of skillful work, our dear Tremoille is about to seal a treaty with our Burgundian friends who will no longer lend their support to the English.  You see, my dear Jeanne... as it is written in the Bible, "to everything there is a season:  a time for war, and a time for peace"...
So how would you put it?
Gave you?  Well now, I wouldn't quite put it like that...
Why did you betray me?  Paris was ours for the taking!  All I needed was another few hundred men... Why did you take back the army you gave me?
Now hold on -- you're not captain here... on the battlefield perhaps, but not in the royal bedchamber!
Get them out of here!
... and my crown doesn't fit and...  Really??
... You look wonderful...
Ah, Jeanne... come here...!  This whole coronation idea of yours is a fiasco... nothing is ready...
Orleans has held out for six months. I don't suppose a few days will make much difference.  Take some rest.
I don't need lodgings if we're to be marching on Orleans...
He said that I have to save France from her enemies and give her back to God, and He told me that I -- Jeanne -- will lead you to the altar at Rheims to be crowned King of France.
... and what... what did he say?
I didn't wait long.  One day I was going to Mass, like I do every day, when the same strange wind started blowing again...
You did well...
What was my mission?  To help my country?  But how could I do that? I was only a poor girl who knew nothing about riding or making war... so I decided to wait and not to speak to anyone about it.
I know you're not yet -- but you will be, soon.
I'm... I'm not the king...
There's no need to be afraid, sire.
Noooo!
I... I don't know... it'll sound like we... betrayed her...?
Let them come!  Let them see who's the true king of France!
There's no time, sire -- we can't hold up the ceremony... there's no telling when the English might come back... they're only ten leagues away...
He's probably right -- let's call a delay...
No doubt your captains will fight for your fine cause -- but what about the ordinary soldier?  They don't fight for causes these days. They fight for money.  Who's going to pay them?
My captains have sworn their support.
... to ensure our privacy.  I need to talk to her.  Alone.
... as always, majesty...
My dear loyal Tremoille, I know I can count on you...
Your majesty, I really think you...
Tremoille, I'm not even king yet... who'd want to assassinate me?
Supposing she's an assassin?
My astrologers assure me that the hour is p-p-propitious -- Leo, with Virgo rising.  Have you ever noticed on the astrological chart how the Virgin is next to the Lion?
Your majesty, I urge you not to see this woman.  It all reeks of a Burgundian trap!
The other half.
I can see her if I want to.  I mean, with half of France in the hands of the English, what have I got to lose?
Not exactly.  She wants you to give her an army -- at your expanse.  Bearing in mind that your mother stole every last piece of gold in the treasury, I fail to see how you can afford such an adventure.
If she comes from Burgundy it makes a difference.  It might be a trap...  Look... Signed "X".  What sort of name is "X"?  Or must we conclude that a messenger of God can't even write her own name?
What difference does it make where she comes from?
You mustn't see her, my lord.  We know nothing about her... we don't even know if she is from Lorraine.
She says she'll be here tomorrow...!
She pretends she's been sent by God! These charlatans -- it's a pity there isn't enough wood to burn them all!
That's enough!  You will answer the question... or face the consequences!
Go on to the next question.
But if the devil were to take on the physical appearance of a saint or an angel... or a man... how would you recognize him?  By what he said?
I'm more interested in what he says, not what he looks like.
Is it long and hanging down?
Yes.
Does he have hair?
His face.
You told us about the appearance of this... voice.  What exactly did you see?  Part of it... or all of it?
Go and ask him yourself.
Then why did your king believe in you without any proof?
If there was, I didn't see it...
When you saw your king for the first time, was there an angel over his head?
I must offer to the Duke.  I will give you his answer tomorrow.
8,000.  We can't raise more... We can only place ourselves at the mercy of your generosity.
20,000 gold crowns.
May I, without offending you, inquire how generous?
I know... but the English want her very badly, and I have to tell you that they are proving much more generous.
It is all his majesty can afford. He has even donated his very own personal savings.  His majesty will greatly appreciate a gesture of good will in this delicate negotiation between our two families.
That's not a lot.
5,000 gold crowns.
The English won't wait.
Not yet.
Well...?  Shall we go?
The bridge won't wait!
We need another ten minutes...
Stand by with the battering-rams...
I know what I'm doing, so either lend a hand or go back to bed!
Jeanne, what are you doing with that... you've got it back to front...
We're taking back the Tourelles!
What's going on?
The wind will be with us!  Do as I say.
The wind will be against us...
Position the long-bows over there, crossbows over there -- and set up Dijon Culverins either side of those trees...
Sooner is better than later!
Can we -- uh -- discuss this later?
Dunois... was it you who ordered the attack?  Answer me?!
Knowing what I know?  Enormous gratitude.
Jeanne, put yourself in my shoes for a moment -- how would you feel, if you were me?
Ah, so that's it.  To you I'm just a girl.
Jeanne, you have to understand -- it's not easy for us -- I mean for our pride -- to suddenly be usurped by a -- well, with all due respect, by a... girl.
"Be patient, be patient"... is that the only advice you can ever come up with??  I've shown more patience than a dozen saints!
What complicated about it?  All you have to do is do what you're told -- what could be simpler than that? I'm the drum on which God is beating out his message -- beating so loudly it's bursting my ears -- but you're all so full of your own voices, you're deaf to His!
Jeanne, with respect -- we can't just attack the Tourelles like that -- it's a very complicated matter and...
You know, I feel a great sorrow for you, because you're laughing now, but by tomorrow night some of you will be dead and having to repeat your jokes in front of God.
God.
Jeanne, that really makes no sense at all.  The Tourelles is virtually impregnable... besides, if we're on the other side of the river attacking the Tourelles, what's to stop Talbot attacking the city from the north?
We offer the English a last chance to return home in peace.  If they refuse, we recross the river and attack them here -- at the Tourelles.
So... what is the message?
Fine -- go now if you want, but not with me!  You may have a duty to God but I have a duty to my people, and my people are starving!  So right now I'm going to take the food back to the city, and if you can please calm down, and let me accompany you to Orleans, it will be my honor to welcome you.
You may have been with your counsel, but I've been with mine, and I'm telling you, God's counsel is wiser than yours, and he's telling me to speak to the English -- now!
Well.  I'd love to see that, but after taking counsel with my captains, I felt it would be better to first bring the food into the city, then wait till Alencon arrives with reinforcements before doing anything.
Because if they don't, I'll raise such a war-cry against them that they will remember us forever!
Because... because -- I mean -- the English have a broad sense of humor, but... I mean, you don't understand... to them you're a witch, working for the devil.  What makes you think they'll listen to you?
For what?
Wait, wait...
He's on the other side of the river.
Good.  Can you bring me to him?
I know...
It's coming -- I rode on ahead.  I have to speak with the Captain of the English army... his name's Talbot...
Everywhere.  Where is the food?
Good.  Where are the English?
Yes... they were.
Were you sent by Lord Dunois?
As long as she brings food and supplies, she'll be welcome.
But... don't you think we should at least... go and... welcome her?
Xaintrailles...!  Don't talk to me about miracles...  If I was still sitting there waiting for a miracle, I'd be dead now. Anyway...
And it's not the first one!  They say she saved a little boy who was dying of...
Yes, it's a miracle.
The Dauphin -- he's sending us food -- and supplies -- and an army -- led by Jeanne -- the maiden from Lorraine -- isn't it wonderful?!
Calm yourself, Xaintrailles.  Now slowly.  Who has finally done what?
My lord Dunois... I have wonderful news! -- finally -- he's sending her to us -- thanks be to God -- we're saved -- it's wonderful!
No good?  This is a disaster!
This is no good!
Good idea...
Yes.  We can pray.
There must be something we can do for her for Chrissakes!
Me too...
I do love her when her fire gets well and truly stoked!
Oh, but I forgot!  It was a Sunday... that explains it.  God's day off.
Damn right!
God... why of course -- we'd forgotten about him!  Strange, I don't seem to remember seeing him at Agincourt.
That'll put fire in my soldiers!
Brilliant idea... but to be really effective, why not send a whole army of virgins?
To hell with your voices -- it's time to face facts!  We have nothing to do here... none of us... not even you.  You should go home, Jeanne.
But my voices... they promised me...
He never sent them... Don't you understand?  He doesn't want this war anymore... he has his crown now, that's all he ever wanted...
But... where is Dunois... where are the men the king promised me?
Jeanne... that is not ten thousand reinforcements -- that is one hundred very loyal but very tired soldiers.
Of course I do?  Bring them up!
Do you know how to count?
Never look behind -- only ahead!
Jeanne, look behind you.
Right behind us -- Dunois with another then thousand men!
Reinforcements?  Where??
So... bring up the reinforcements!
Jeanne... we're not enough...
I know, but so is the enemy -- they're falling back -- Paris is ours...!
Jeanne... The men are exhausted!
Maybe... I don't know... but first we have to confess...
Bravo!  What about all the other hundreds of prisoners?  Do we let them go too?
I care!  And I care because God cares!  All life is precious to God -- even his -- even yours and mine...
Jeanne... let him do it.  One more dead body's not going to make any difference, so who cares?
For weeks you've been asking for this... well now you have it!
No... not like this...
You look disappointed... Isn't this what you wanted?
Perfectly.
Clear?
The English are rebuilding it.
But the bridge has been pulled down!
We return to Orleans... across the bridge, at the Tourelles.
I don't think.  I leave that to God. I'm nothing in all this, I'm just the messenger.
And... what does Jeanne think?
It seems to me that the Church and Our Lord are one and the same.  Why must you complicate what is so simple?
But will you also submit to the decision of the Church?
I... submit to Our Lord.
So you think you did well to cut your hair and dress as a man?
It was just... more convenient as I was among soldiers...
You also cut your hair short like a man, and in the Bible it clearly states that it is an abomination for a woman to pretend to be a man!  It proves your desire to deceive...
The clothes are not important...
Who told you to wear men's clothes?
Oh?  Perhaps someone pushed you then?
No!
And you didn't jump of your free will?
Yes, but...
You mean it was not of your own free will that you were on the ledge?
I know, but that's not the way things happened...
Do you not know that suicide is a very grievous sin?  No one is allowed to destroy the life that God created!
That's now what I meant...
How can you deny it when you just said "I'd rather die than fall into the hands of the English"...?
No...!
So when you jumped, you wanted to kill yourself?
No...
Did your voice tell you to jump?
I had been sold to the English.  I'd rather die than fall into their hands.
Tell us, Jeanne... why did you jump from the tower at Beaurevoir?
Here -- take this instead.
Yeah...
That's different... I mean... we were fighting for a... for a cause!
Besides, what about these...?
Because... because you just can't!
Why not?  He has good teeth...
But you can't just kill a man for his teeth!
Nothing... just taking his teeth.
Stop it!  What are you doing?
We still believe in you, Jeanne.  If it were up to me, I'd chase every goddamn Englishman into the ocean. But it's not up to us anymore -- it's up to the king...
You don't believe me anymore?
I said, kneel!
Jeanne, if you don't mind... I'll stay standing... this armor... it's a nightmare to get back up...
A few teeth... that's the price of his life?
Jeanne... the man hasn't been paid for six months -- that's his only reward.  Let him take a few teeth...
If you kill him, you kill me!
Jeanne... get up... this is ridiculous...
Take mine instead -- here -- smash mine first!
It's not possible...
... the smell of victory, Jeanne! Mmmmmmm!  I love it!
You call this... glory...?  All this... this blood... this smell of...
Won?!  Such a small word will never do!  This is victory, Jeanne, this is... glory!
We... won?!
Not for long...
What's the use?  The drawbridge is up!
Prepare these as battering-rams!
I'd sooner die than use magic!
Physicians are a waste of time. You'll have more luck with this charm of mine... it saved my life at Agincourt!
Don't swear...
I swear I'll never swear again in my life if you save her life!  But I'm warning you, if you let her die, then you're the biggest...
Were the men confessed?  Where are the priests?
God knows, but it was a bad idea!
What happened?  Who gave the order to attack?
They will -- and so will you if you go on swearing like that.
Jesus Christ... the goddamn English will pay for this!
Then, Lord Dunois, show me the way to the other side of the river...
Jeanne, let me introduce the king's half brother, the dogged Lord Dunois.
Sorry Jeanne...  Did you both meet already?
La Hire, I'm warning you -- don't swear!
Hey, my friend!  I'm glad to see your ugly damn face again!
So who gave the order to bring me to this side of the river??
And you look pretty wealthy for a servant of God, wouldn't you say?
Still, pretty wealthy for a peasant girl wouldn't you say?
Yes, I was given a few, but I never had time to wear them...
What about all those dresses you were given... silk dresses weren't they?
No.
As much as for a Lord?  What an honor!  Did your king give you other wealth apart from horses?
Five steeds and a few hackneys...
How many did he give you?
My king.
Who gave you that horse?
Yes... a half-steed... white.
When you were taken prisoner at Compiegne, did you have a horse?
Let's see.
Yes, my lord.
You think you are ready now?
No...
You know what you just signed, Jeanne?  You just signed away my existence... For you I'm a lie, an illusion.  You see?  In the end, you were the one who abandoned me...
... to love your enemy as much as you love yourself?
Yes...
Are you willing to follow all His commandments?
Yes I am.
Do you think you are ready?
There's nothing for me to do here anymore... I don't belong here I want to be with Him now...
Are you sent by God?
Yes... of course... when you don't need me anymore.
Are you going to leave me too?
I don't think so.
My voices... my voices... do you think they will ever come back?
Good.  But "love your enemies"... body and soul.
"Love your enemies"...
No, I...
Do you think this cross will protect you?
Because... because I don't know what else to do to please him.
What for?
I'm trying to make my cross look more beautiful...
What are you doing on the wall?
I -- I cleaned up my room, look... and I said my prayers... all of them... and...
Really?
I never took pleasure in hurting anyone?
Ah, pleasure... that's a difficult word to define.  When does the pain end and the pleasure begin...? When did your pleasure begin with that sword in your hand...?
Why are you doing this to me??  Do you get pleasure from hurting me?
I don't agree.  Why do you have to keep changing your mind all the time?
I agree...
No, I do not think so.  I don't think that killing each other will ever bring peace.
No, no, you did fine.  I'd even say well done.  Besides, most of the ones you killed probably deserved it, don't you think?
I... I was defending myself as best I could!  Everyone has the right to defend themselves, don't they?  Or should I have let myself be killed?
"Let all who love me follow me"... Where does God get mentioned?  Come on Jeanne, be honest.  You fought for yourself, in your name.
Really?
Yes!  We fought and killed in His name... the King of Heaven!
In His name??
No, but... why didn't he stop it? Or did he get pleasure, watching us killing each other in his name?
Is he the one who spread all this blood and misery?
Yes... yes!  And now you tell me why God let all these battles happen in the first place... if he's so powerful... he said he's "the creator of heaven and earth, the source of all life..." he could have easily stopped all this blood and misery?  Why didn't he?
So your memory's coming back?
Stop, stop... I can't remember!  The battles were all so confusing... there was so much smoke, dust, noise... I was being attacked on all sides, so... maybe... perhaps I fought back but it was only to defend myself...
Oh no?  How about this one?
No!  I don't want to know anymore! Leave me alone!  I didn't kill that man!
Oh?  You can't remember?  Let me help your memory...
I'm not lying, I... I can't remember... leave me alone!
True -- every event has an infinite number of causes -- but why pick one rather than another?  There are many ways a sword might find itself in a field...
But... it didn't just get there by itself.
No.  That was a sword in a field.
Like... like the wind... and the clouds... and... the bells... and what about that sword lying in the field... that was a sign...!
What signs?
No, but... he sent me so many signs!
You mean God said, "I need you, Jeanne?"
Yes... lots of things!
God asked you to do something?
Because!  Because I've always been faithful to God, and I've followed everything he said... and I've done everything he asked me...
Why would they?
What do you mean, they won't come?
They won't come anyway.
Because... I have to be alone!
Why not?
No, no -- you can't stay or they won't come!
I want to see that.  Do you mind if I stay... on the side?  I won't bother you.
Yes... that's what I pray for...!
They're going to come and visit you in here?
My... visions...
Who?
Yes!
Why?  Are you waiting for someone else?
What are you doing here?  Please... leave... you can't stay here...
Why were you yelling like that?!
I told you already... I'm here to set you free...
I don't understand.  What do you want from me?
Oh, so you don't want war anymore? You want to be at peace?  You want to be able to change your mind anytime you feel like it and expect everyone to go along with it?
I don't know -- I don't care anymore -- I just want to be at peace!
Oh?  And just because you realize now, everybody else should forgive you?!
No, no... I'm just so tired, and lost, and... I didn't realize what I was doing!
That's too easy.  One minute you want to die, the next you want to live...  Do you think that life is a toy that can be played with and then broken when you don't want it anymore?
How can you pretend that you love God when you're about to throw away the most precious thing he gave you? Life is a gift, you should know that by now Jeanne -- a gift from God. You know what He'd say to you, if He was here?  "What are you doing to me, Jeanne?"
I am true -- to my Lord, the King of Heaven.  He knows how much I love him -- that's all that matters to me...
If you were true to yourself... if your faith was firm, you wouldn't need to run away from yourself like this...
I... I never lied!
You'll be dead soon enough anyway, so why be in such a hurry?  Why not face up to your lies?  It's your lies you can't stand anymore...
Everything!  Prison -- humiliation -- being abandoned and betrayed by everyone -- I can't stand it anymore -- I'd rather die!
And what exactly is it that you can't take anymore of?
I... I'm leaving... I can't take anymore...
I might ask you the same question.
What are you doing out here?
Nothing.  I'm here to set you free...
I... don't know... what do you want from me?
WHO ARE YOU TO DECIDE IF YOU SHOULD LIVE OR DIE?
I don't know... please... tell me I'm dead...
YOU THINK GOD ISN'T BIG ENOUGH TO DELIVER HIS OWN MESSAGES?
I don't know... I thought...
No... no... I'm just a messenger... He needs me... a higher calling...
Who are you to even think you can know the difference between good and evil?  Are you God?
I am that I am.  You don't like my face?  Maybe you prefer this one...
Who... who are you...?
I -- I -- I...
What have you done to me?
Playing...
Jeanne... what are you doing?
I want to be at one with Him now.
Soon you'll be able to take the Holy Mass, and as you eat of his flesh and drink of his blood, you will be at one with him.
I want to be with him always...
Jeanne, be patient.
I don't want to wait for his call.
Jeanne... calm down...!  Calm down, Jeanne!
Then what will?  And what will bring her back?  And why did she have to die in the first place instead of me?  Why didn't he take my life instead of hers?  It was my fault -- I was late -- she gave me her hiding place...!!
I realize your anger, Jeanne, but we must learn to forgive.  It's hard, but revenge will never bring about peace.
I know Jesus says to love our enemies but I can't -- I just want the English to burn in hell for ever and ever!
Only God knows the answer to that.
Why did she have to die?
I heard about your sister, and I... understand your pain...
Perhaps... but wherever he comes from, I think you should listen to him, because it sounds like he's giving you very good advice.
He says... he says I must be good... and help everyone... and take care of myself.  Do you think he's coming from the sky?
And what does he say to you?
Beautiful.
What... does he... look like?
He never says his name.
Who is this "he"?
Well, I try and talk to him, but mostly he's the one who does the talking.
Him?
I feel safe here.  And it's where I can talk to him.
Then... why are you here so often?
Yes, it is.
So... everything sounds... wonderful?
Oh yes, I play with them... lots...
And what about your other friends... you don't like playing with them?
Oh yes, my sister's just... she's... wonderful.
Good, good.  And your sister... Catherine -- she's still your best friend?
Oh yes, she's... wonderful.
And your mother -- everything's fine with her?
Oh yes... very.
Well no, but... Jeanne, are you happy at home?
Is that bad?
Jeanne -- if we were to ask forgiveness all the time, we'd spend our whole life in church.
He already did, but I want God to forgive me too.
I'm sure he'll forgive you.
My father's.
Whose were they?
They weren't my shoes.  Mine were too small.
There's no sin in charity, Jeanne.
I saw a poor monk without shoes so I gave him some.
So... alright.  What terrible sin have you committed since then that can't wait till tomorrow to be forgiven?
I need to confess again.
But you already confessed this morning...
I need to confess.
You know I'm always happy to see you, Jeanne, but to keep coming here twice, three times a day...
Don't forget, Mr. Wladek, they hang them for helping Jews.
A singer. Her husband's an actor. I knew them well. Good people. I'd like to talk to her.
A beauty. Who is she?
Yes.
Someone you know?
It's like this... I...we...all of them.
Why are you here, Mr. Wladek?
Who wants me to stop?
I'm sorry, Mr Wladek, he wants you to stop.
He's still a doctor.
Dorota, don't be ridiculous, he's a pediatrician.
I'll get Dr Luczak, we can trust him.
You can't, it's too dangerous.
I'm going to get a doctor.
Oh, yes. I remember.
This is my husband. Wladyslaw Szpilman. Marek Gebczynski sent him.
Christmas.  This is not a good time to have children. But then...
When's your baby due?
Dead.
And how's Yurek?
Just over a year.
How long have you been married?
He'll be here soon.
I've been in hiding. I need somewhere to stay.
He'll be back before curfew.
I need help.
Michal Dzikiewicz. He's my husband.
I'm sorry - I was given this address. I'm looking for a Mr--  -- a Mr Dzikiewicz.
Sit.
Come in! come in!
Dorota.
Wladyslaw Szpilman.
I'll see you...soon.
That's what I said, it's so - it's too absurd!
Don't worry, it won't last long.
Fine, no, not really, they arrested my cousin, but Jurek says they'll let him out.  This is disgraceful.
How are you doing?
I didn't want to come, I didn't want to see all this, but I couldn't stop myself.
Dorota!
Wladek, please.
Oh, Mr Szpilman, you're quite... quite wonderful.
No one plays Chopin like you.
Wladek, please.
I've always loved your playing, Mr. Szpilman.
Yes!  It was...it was unforgettable.
Really?
You know something? Meeting you like that was absolutely wonderful.
I nagged Jurek for weeks and weeks. And at last he gave in and said, 'All right, come with me tomorrow,' and so I came and they bombed the station.
It's nothing.
My name's Dorota, I'm Jurek's sister. oh! You're bleeding.
Who are you?
I came specially to meet you today. I love your playing, but what a day to choose.
Hello.
American Jews, and there's lots of them, what have they done for us? What do they think they're doing? People here are dying, haven't got a bite to eat. The Jewish bankers over there should be persuading America to declare war on Germany!
For what? For my tie?
How will we sleep?
To tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse.
Doesn't it say we have to provide these armbands ourselves? Where will we get them?
Let me see this.
Let's find out.
Will I still be able to play?
What are you doing?
What did I tell you?
That's your decision.  But when they storm the flat, throw yourself out of die window - don't let them get you alive. I have poison on me, they won't get me alive either!
Where do you want me to go?  Look at me. No, no, I'm not leaving. Can't I take my chances here?
The Gestapo found our weapons. They've arrested Janina and Andrzej. They're bound to find out about this place, too - you must get away at once.
What's happened?
I'm on the run!
What's happened?
Get your things together, you have to leave!
Here.
Yes, but sometimes I'm still not sure which side of the wall I'm on.
Must feel better this side of the wall.
You'll have to stay here until tomorrow afternoon.
I'll be fine.
It's not going to be very comfortable.
Thanks.
wish I knew you better.
What?
Funny time to say this.
What?
Halina?
They're hunting people on the streets. They've picked up Henryk.
Calm down, what, what is it?
Oh my God, it's terrible, you've got to do something, oh my God!
What's happened?
What, I'm working, what?
Have you seen this?
People I know. They said you're an important man.
Who told you?
Yitzchak, they told me you had influence.
Then there's nothing I can do. He should've joined us when I gave him the chance..
I've no money.
It costs.
Can you help us?
Oh, you need me now, yes, now you need me!
Can you help?
Tough luck.
Believe me, they've picked him up.
I haven't seen him.
Henryk's in there.
I'm doing you people a favour. And what about you, Wladek? You're a great pianist. And we've got an excellent police jazz band. They'd welcome you with open arms. Join us. You've got no work...
Yes, please.
Yes, I'm looking at you and that's why I'm here. Your whole family can have a better life. You want to go on struggling for survival, selling books on the street?
But why me? I thought you only recruited boys with rich fathers. Look at my father, look at us, I mean...
Someone's got to do it, Henryk.
Oh? More Jewish police? You mean you want me to wear a cap like yours, beat up Jews with my truncheon and catch the Gestapo spirit. I see!
Don't be clever with me, Henryk. I've come here as a friend. They're bringing Jews in from all over the country. Soon there'll be half a million people in the ghetto. We need more Jewish police...
Who's recruiting?
We're recruiting.
Your work, yes, playing the piano for all the parasites in the ghetto, they don't give a damn about people's sufferings, they don't even notice what's going on around them!
Boys, boys...
What's the matter with you all? Have you lost your sense of humour?
Henryk, I said nothing bad.
Okay, then I'll tell you something funny. You know who I mean by Dr. Raszeja.
And, please, tonight, for once, I don't want anything bad talked about. Let's enjoy our meal.
Sit down, have tea, I'll start lunch when the girls get back.
What's this about?
Do they?
The Germans go into Jewish homes and they just take what they want, furniture, valuables, anything.
What d'you mean, take the table away?
And suppose they take the table away?
Yes, that's why I brought it.
Very appropriate.
'If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?'
What are you reading?
You'll be deported.
Otherwise what?
You have to have an employment certificate to work for one of the German firms in the ghetto, otherwise...
What's that mean, no employment certificate?
Hungry.
What's the matter? Are you sick?
That's also my business.
You're mad, that's your trouble, you're mad.
It's nothing to do with you. It's me they wanted, not you. Why do you interfere in other people's business?
They were taking you away.
I can look after myself!
Pay him? With what? With what could I pay him? Every zloty I earn we spend on food!
What did you pay him?
I didn't grovel, I asked him to help.
Did you beg, did you grovel to that piece of shit, that cockroach?
You're out, aren't you?
You go to Heller, did I ask you to talk to him?
What are you talking about, my tie? What's my tie got to do with anything? I need the tie for my work.
Well, you know what's funny? You're funny with that ridiculous tie.
It's not funny.
You don't know, believe me. They bribe the guards. The guards turn a blind eye. They're bringing in cartloads, food, tobacco, liquor, French cosmetics, and the poor are dying all around them and they don't give a damn.
I know.
Three lousy zlotys. And there are people here making millions.
That's better than yesterday.
Just one. Dostoevsky. The Idiot. Three zlotys.
You sell anything?
No. Three hundred and sixty thousand, so it'll be easy.
But...they won't get all of us... we'll...it's too small...there's four hundred thousand of us in Warsaw!
Just shut up.
A good place for what?  He's insane!
Of course they'll notice it. But look--  This is a good place for something.
We leave the money and the watch on the table. And we cover it like this.  In full view. The Germans will search high and low, I promise you, they'll never notice it.
We use what?
You know what we do? We use psychology.
That makes a change.
No, no. Listen, I've been thinking --
It certainly was.
Mama, that was a great dinner.
Warsaw's not the only radio station.
They bombed us, we're off the air.
What good? Wladek, I'm surprised at you. They died with  dignity, that's what good it did. And you know something else?  Now the Poles will rise. We're ready. We'll fight, too. You'll see.
Yes, but what good did it do?
They're in shock. They didn't expect it. Nobody expected it. Jews fighting back? Who'd have thought?
Yes, so did the Germans.
Wladek, stop that. It's over now. Just be proud it happened. My God, did they put up a fight.
should never have come out. I should've stayed there, fought with them.
No one thought they'd hold out so long.
Please, don't insult us.  Can you do something for him?
Can you help? I've no money...
I'm not, but Majorek is.
I didn't know you were in the certificate business.
Why didn't you come to me?
I've been trying to get a certificate of employment for my father. I've managed to get certificates for me and the rest of the family but I need one more for my father. I've been trying all the firms, the shops...
Rumours, rumours, you take it all too much to heart, Wladek.
You've heard the rumours they're going to resettle us in the East?
I have to say you look terrible. What's the trouble?
Not this week.
I thought you'd be off on tour, playing London, Paris, New York?
Toilets?
Five hundred. You know how many people on average read one copy? Twenty.  That makes ten thousand readers. These will start the uprising. Majorek hides them in his underpants. And leaves them in toilets.
There are always notices going up.
There are notices going up. The city's to be cleansed of undesirables.
You're too well known, Wladek. And you know what? You musicians don't make good conspirators. You're too...too musical.
But I want to help, I want to.
You're an artist, Wladek, you keep people's spirits up. You do enough.
Jehuda, give me something to do.
Bad news, you crazy? You have no world view, Wladek, that's your trouble. The news couldn't be better. The moment Hitler invaded Russia, I knew we'd be all right. Remember Napoleon. Same business. The Germans will freeze to death, please God.
I don't know why I come here every evening, it's always such bad news.
The Germans are advancing on Kharkhov.
So, what's the news?
No, I'm a socialist. I have brothers everywhere. They bring me news and food. We care about our fellow human beings. Workers of the world unite.
You're amazing, Jehuda.
Ah, here. Today's news from the other side.
Maybe, maybe not, but, Jurek, don't be offended, I didn't call to discuss my future career.
...not even music, nothing, no radios for the Poles. But I'm sure you'll find work, Wladek, a pianist like you.
Yes, I know, but Jurek, Jurek...
Fine, we're fine in the circumstances. But I can guess what you've called about. There's nothing we can do; they won't reopen the station--
Fine, we're fine, thank you, and you?
Wladek! How are you?
Jurek? Wladek Szpilman.
Liar, you fell asleep. Pig!
I was listening, Kitten.
If I play like an angel, why don't you listen?
Takes one to know one! Pig!
You're a dirty pig!
Dirty pig!
Bitch!
Pig!
Cow!
Pig!
I treat you like dirt because you are dirt.
You know what? You treat me like dirt!
What d'you think I mean, Kitten? I forgot, that's what I mean.
Puppydog, what d'you mean, you forgot?
Be ready to leave in two days' time. Same place as last night.
You made contact?
I tried your friends. They're not at that address any more.  But.
I know. But last summer, I worked for a day in Zelazna Brama Square. I saw someone I knew. A singer. Her husband's an actor. They're old friends.  I've written their names down. And their address. If they're still there. Janina Godlewska and Andrzej Bogucki. Good people. Majorek, you go into the town every day. Would you try and make contact? Ask them if they'd help me get out of here?
It's easy to get out, it's how you survive on the other side that's hard.
Have a favour to ask. I want to get out of here.
If you need help...
They're going to start the final resettlement now. We know what it means. We sent someone out. Zygmunt. A good man. His orders were to follow the trains out of Warsaw. He got to Sokolow. A local railwayman told him the tracks are divided, one branch leading to Treblinka. He said every day freight trains carrying people from Warsaw forked to Treblinka and returned empty. No transports of food are ever seen on that line. And civilians are forbidden to approach the Treblinka station. They're exterminating us. Won't take them long. We're sixty thousand left. Out of half a million. Mostly young people. And this time we're going to fight. We're in good shape. We're organised. We're prepared.
Since last night. I was pleased to see you.
How long have you been here?
Stop it, Wladek.
I'm sorry, I did my best, I thought the certificates would save us all.
God forbid!
No, no, no, I'm staying put. If I'm going to die, I prefer to die at home.
I'm not going anywhere.
Pack, Wladek, there's no time.
And what do you think you'll do while you're setting up a new line of defence? Wander round lugging your suitcases?
Out of Warsaw. Where?
Out of Warsaw.
Where are we going?
Pack, darling, get your things, pack.
I've been worried sick.
It's a little cut, nothing.
Thank God - Wladek! You're wounded.
Why didn't you come sooner? It's been over two weeks.
You don't want to worry about that. My grandfather was jilted by his girl friend when he got jaundice.  In my opinion, jaundice is not very serious. Drink up.
Doesn't matter. You've nothing to worry about. I'll visit often.
Sorry, I don't remember.
Warsaw Radio. I was a technician. I saw you almost every day.
No, I don't think so?
You don't remember me, Mr. Szpilman?
Szpilman.  Good name for a pianist.
Szpilman.
Tell me your name. I'll listen out for you.
I'll play the piano again. On Polish radio.
I've got another one.  Warmer.  What will you do when it's all over?
What about you?
Don't thank me. Thank God. It's His will that we should survive. Well. That's what we have to believe.
I don't know how to thank you.
Not yet.
Are the Russians here?
We're getting out.
What's happening?
The Russians. On the other side of the river.  All you have to do is hang on for a few more weeks.
What's all that gunfire?
Show me.
In the attic.
Where are you hiding?
A pianist.
I am... I was a pianist.
What's your work?
Where do you live?
I was... I was trying to open this tin.
What the hell are you doing?
... without a shred of manners.
We have just come from George Banes' and they have taken him over. It is no wonder he is leaving, he has got in too deep with the natives. They sit on his floor as proud as Kings, but without a shred of manners.
Ohh no, it makes my skin creep!
Yes, like a cave.
Ohhh, it's so dark, it's like a dank cave.
Oh yes, dear too - TERRIBLE! AWFUL!"'
To be deaf?
I can't imagine a fate worse than being dumb. Turn around.
It will be very dramatic.
Well you stopped combing your hair, which is a good thing, it was looking over done.  You see these are the slits that the heads will go through, show him Nessie ... they'll be dead, the Reverend is going to use animal blood, no doubt it will be very dramatic. Tea! 
Watch his hand
Careful! Watch his hand.
Watch your feet!
Watch your feet!
Well he has NOTHING to pack, but he is leaving. And it is just as well; Nessie has foolishly grown an affection for him ... we have had some tears
Baines is packing up?
He is quite altered, as if they had been trying some native witchcraft on him. Well tomorrow or the day after he will be gone.
That is good, yes.
How are the lessons going? ADA nods enthusiastically. He's getting on all right? ADA nods again Good.
Certainly, there is nothing so easy to like as a pet and they are quite silent.
And with time she will, I'm sure, become affectionate.
Oh indeed. Cotton'.
There is something to be said for silence
Oh, yes, yes of course, a concern.
Well, she was very violent with the gown. She tore off a chunk of lace. if hadn't been there I'd have sworn she'd used her teeth
No, it was a table.
No sound at all?
I knew she was mute, but now I'm thinking it's more than that. I'm wondering if she's not brain affected.
It's strange isn't it? I mean it's not a piano, it doesn't make any sound.
Like it were a piano?
What would you think if someone played a kitchen table like it were a piano?
Yes, it's unholy.
Well, that is a strong opinion.
Ohhh ... dear. Not another word From the shock, yes it would be.
One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch... And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She- never-spoke-another-word.
Mother used to sing the songs in German and her voice would echo across the valleys
Ohhh I've never been there. 
The Alps.
Which mountains are those dear?
And where did they get married?
Well, yes, in Austria where be conducted the Royal Orchestra.
I thought she met your father in Luxemburg.
.... They met when my mother was an opera singer... in Luxemburg...
Ohh the tag is broken.
My REAL father was a famous German composer
I miss you.
No, I love her, we will be a family. I have her piano. I will mend it, she will get better.
I worry for you.
I'll be back.
Go Peini ... Haere atu e Peini.
You have spare wife here Peini. You get rnana for that. Our chief four wives.
She lives her own life in New Jersey, America.
Don't answer, he low born. Jun look at him, mongrel. Your wife where she?
No, no bible readers.
I got the good wife for you Peini. She pray good. Clean. Read Bible. You sleep her Peini. She chief daughter.
What are they?
No, but her words are in my head.  I know what you think, that it's a trick, that I'm making it up. No, the words I heard, were her words.
Spoken words?
She has spoken to me. I heard her voice. There was no sound, but I beard it here . Her voice was there in my head. I watched her lips, they did not make the words, yet the harder I listened the clearer I heard her, as clear as I hear you, as dear as I hear my own voice.
No, not words.
No, words. You have never heard words?
You mean in signs?
Has Ada ever spoken to you?
Well, thank you, I expect she will appreciate it.
It was more to your wife that I gave it.
Well, I doubt I want it very much myself.
No, no payment. I have given it back. I don't want it.
And what does this do to our bargain? I cannot afford the piano if you mean me to pay.
No.
You don't want to learn.
I don't want to learn.
I don't think you should have given up the piano. I will make sure you are properly taught, with music written on to sheets and...
Nothing just yet
I'll have to come and hear you play. what do you play.
Ada says you're doing well with the piano?
Yes, why not.
Te, kawnarna paraikete mo te tahi hawlie 0 te whenna uci.  UNSUBTITLED
T-w~e-l-v~e.
Yes, I suppose you would.
I'll have to get lessons. It wouldn't be much use without them.
Well Baines the music lover, I never would have known. Hidden talents George.
Yes, I thought that.
You'd have to organise it up here.
The piano on the beach? Ada's piano?
The piano.
What for?
I'd like to make a swap.
Good, flatish land with reliable water, why? I don't have money. What are you about?
Yes
On your property?
Those 80 acres, that cross the stream, what do you think of them?
No, no they know another track - to the side of this.
They want more money. They are trying to make two days out of it?
But we came down this way didn't we? I'm sure we did.
Someone died here. It's tapu.
What's he say?
She's stunted, that's one thing.
She looks tired.
I have the key here, look, I'll have it mended...
She says, throw it overboard. She doesn't want it. She says it's spoiled
What?
It's quite safe, they are managing...
She says, throw the piano overboard.
What did she say?
Jesus! I'll kill him! I'll kill him. What did she tell him?
He chopped it off
Quiet down! Shhh! Where is she?
What happened?
He says you're not to see her or he'll chop her up!
I just want to listen.
Everyone has to practice.
I'd rather not play. I want to listen and learn that way.
She wants to see what you can do.
The marks do not come out. They are scars and hardened skin.
Wash them again.
They are washed.
You have to wash them.
I'm sorry, I can't do that.  I don't have the time.  Goodbye
Please take us to the beach where we landed.
Take this to Baines. Tell him if he ever tries to see her again I'll take off another and another and another!
Mama.
Play a song then
Do I know any gigs?
Play a gig.
What will I play?
Is it all right? Aren't you going to play something? ADA pulls up a chair and seats herself at the piano. She rubs her hands and places them lightly on the keys, she turns from habit over her left shoulder where STEWART waits crossed armed. Quickly she removes her hands, stands and gestures FLORA to play. FLORA proudly takes ~p the seat, she pulls her lips in trying to control her happiness to say in front of both her mother and STEWART.
Hah, you're very cunning Ada, but I've seen through you, I'm not going to lose the land this way. Wait here!
He's given it to us.
Tomorrow.
And when is the next lesson?
She never gives him a turn.
You've missed this bit.
I know why Mr. Baines can't play the piano.
He wants to improve himself... and you will be able to play on it ...  Teach him to look after it.
She says it's her piano, and she won't have him touch it. He's an oaf, he can't read, he's ignorant.
What does she say?
On your piano, that is the swap.
What on?
Hello.
Hello, then.
Let us not discuss this further. I am very pleased....
We can't leave the piano
Yes and so do I, but there are too few of us here to carry it. TOO - HEAVY
She wants it to come.
It must come.
Oh no, it can't come now.
A piano?
It's my mother's piano.
What's in here then, lead?
I don't have to.  You'll be bustin' in on the Chief of Police just up the hall. 
What are ya gonna do, call the cops?
Right through there.  But I wouldn't go in there if I were you. 
I think I'll keep that to myself. Which way are the rooms?
Maybe I could help ya if ya told me his name.
Nobody.  I just know what kinda women he likes.  I'm gonna check all the joyhouses till I find him.
Who told ya this guy was in here?
Which way are the rooms?
No, but you're welcome to a free beer before you go.
All right if I look around your lobby?
Don't think so.  I know everybody in the place and I always bounce the lamsters.
I'm lookin' for a guy on the lam from a counterfeiting rap.  Thought he mighta come in here.
Joliet badge, Snyder.  Don't cut much up here.
Lieutenant Snyder.  Bunco.
That's right.
You the owner here?
At the finish, it's Single Action by two, Fasanella second, Visitation third.  Line on Single Action... 3 to 2. Hell with it, that's no good.
Yeh, go ahead.
Billie.  You ready?
Best we had was Cat's Eye in the second at Del Mar, and he was only 5-2.  Not many longshots comin' in today.
He'll probably fall down.
7 to 2.  That ain't bad.
What's the line on Visitation?
Visitation is still up by two at the three-quarters.  Single Action second, Fasanella third.
Hell no, I just cut into him.  I woulda settled for pawning one of them shoes.
Jesus, what a bundle.  Did you know he was that loaded?
Here.
How 'bout a handkerchief?
No.
You got a bag or somethin?
What do we do?
If that punk and his pals decide to search ya, you'll never fool 'em carryin' it there.
What makes you think you can trust him?  He didn't do shit.
How bout you?  I'll give you the whole hundred!
Sorry, pal.  I'll fix you up, call you a doc, but I ain't gonna walk into a bunch of knives for ya.
He won't know you're carryin' it. C'mon, you gotta help me out.
I dunno.  That little mug that got ya is mad enough at me already -- what if he's out there waitin' around a corner with some friends.
I got a hundred bucks for you and your friend if you deliver the money for me.
It don't look good, gramps, it's ten of now.
I gotta!  Look, I run some slots down in West Bend for a mob here. I got a little behind on my payoffs so they figure I been holdin' out on 'em.  They gave me to 4:00 to come up with the cash.  I don't get it there I'm dead.
You ain't goin' nowhere on that leg.
Thanks.  I'm obliged to ya, but I gotta get goin'. 
You're crazy carryin' that kinda money in this neighborhood.  No wonder you got hit.
Naw, it's okay.
You wanted by the law or somethin'?
No, no cops!
You just sit tight, old man.  We're gonna have to get you to a doctor.  I'll call a cop.
Give it to me!  Please.  I gotta know it's all there!
Don't worry, we got the wallet. What happened?  He get ya with the knife?
The wallet.  You gotta go after him. He's got all the money.
Don't worry about it, pal.
Okay, Twist, but you know if this blows up, I can't do ya no good downtown.  Gondorff is Federal.
Good, have 'em down at Stenner's old Pool Hall before 3:00.  We're gonna run through the route tonight.
Paltrow, Sterling, Furey, and the Big Alabama are in from New Orleans. Fiskin and the Boone Kid from Denver, and Phillips, Barnett and Limehouse Chappie from New York. Those and the guys outside should give ya 30 or so to choose from.
No.  Never saw him before.  He's a dick, though.
Twist, you know this guy?
Get me the sheet, Jake.  Let's see who's in town.
These guys have gotta be the quill, Duky.  We can't afford to rank the joint.
I got twenty or so in here tonight. Take your pick.
Listen Duke, we're setting up a wire store.  I need a twenty man boost right away.
Coupla days ago.  I'm workin' a big one with Gondorff on the North Side.
Twist!  When did you get back in town?
That's the way I want it.
If that's the way you want it.
I'm out, Johnny.
You'll take a cut of what I make, won't ya?
Straighten up, kid.  I wouldn't turn ya out if ya weren't ready.  I got a guy named Henry Gondorff I want you to look up.  There ain't a better insideman alive.  He'll teach ya everything ya gotta know.
Aw, I got a brother down in K.C., runs a freight outlet.  I can go halfsies with 'em!  It ain't too exciting, but it's mostly legal.
What the hell you gonna do with yourself?
And I'm tellin' ya now, you're a fool if you don't get into it.  A bigger fool than I was.  I been lookin' for this one all my life, Johnny.  Now I got a chance to step out at the top.
But you played the Big Con.  You said it was nothin'.  A game for flakes and mama's boys.
Aw hell, you sound like some goddamn sucker.  You know everything I know.  You got nothin' more to learn from me.
Hey look.  You think I'm gonna run out on ya or somethin'?  Just cause we hit it big.  Luther, I owe you everything.  If you hadn't taught me con, I wouldn't know nothin'.
It's nothin' compared to what you could be makin' on the Big Con. You're wastin' your time workin' street marks.
What are you talkin' about?  We just took off the biggest score we've ever had.  We can do anything we want now.
I'm gettin' too slow for this racket.  I done the best I'm gonna do.  You hang on too long, you start embarrassin' yourself.
What?
...It's the only reason I ain't quit before now.
I think it's the best...
You think my play is bad?
No class grifter woulda' done it, that's all.
What's eatin' you?  I've blown money before.
You're a con man, and you blew it like a pimp.  I didn't teach ya to be no pimp.
I checked the place out.  There weren't no dicks in there.
In one goddamn night?  What are ya sprayin' money around like that for? You coulda been nailed.
All of it.
How much did ya lose?
I had some appointments.
You're late.  Where you been?
He had his chance and all he did was shoot up a rooming house.  Made a lotte noise and woke up a few cops, but didn't hit nothin'.
He's not comin' in.  Not to get bounced off a job anyway.
And tell Cole I wanta see him when he gets in.
Use Salino.  It'll take a little longer, but there won't be any holes in it.
They didn't think he'd be so cagey, that's all.  They'll get him next time.
Then why ain't he dead?
Salino?  Why waste our best people on a small-time job like this?  It ain't no heavy gee we're after. The guy's a five and dime grifter.
We'll put Salino on it.  I need somebody careful.
We'll be waitin'.
I just got the count.  We'll put the take on the 4:15.
They did 14 grand in Evanston, 16.5 is Gary, and 20 in Cicero.  Looks like you're bringing up the rear, Granger.
Well, hell, you got the whole Chicago south side.  How do ya expect the eight lousy spots I've got to compete with that?
We cleared 22 here.
Believe me, the Man's gonna be real happy.  Looks like we cleared over ten grand this week.
Okay, finish your count and get it up here as soon as you can.  I don't wanta be here all night.
Hell yes.  He does this every year. There's nothing to worry about.
You been making your payoffs, haven't ya?
We had a few problems with the Law this morning.  The Mayor promised the Jaycees to get tough on the rackets again, so he shut everybody down for a couple hours to make it look good.  Nothing serious, it just put us a little behind for the day.
Granger, this is Combs.  Why haven't we heard from ya?  Everybody else is in.
Shove off, Duff.
He was a tear-off rat.  He got what he deserved.  No sense helpin' pay his bills.
He was a con man, wasn't he?
Wasn't no problem a mine.
You the Duff that didn't come up with his end when Little Jeff was sent up?
Buck Duff.  I was in Maxwell's boost in Troy.
Listen to me, Hooker.  What ever you do, don't go back to your place tonight, don't go anyplace you usually go, ya hear me?  Get outa town or somethin', but...
Aw Christ, it doesn't make no difference now.  If Snyder knows about it so does everybody else. He never gets anything first...Damn, there's no answer at Luther's.
What the hell you gonna do when Snyder rushes his finger right to Lonnegan?  You're committin' suicide, kid.
I did.  That stuff I gave him was counterfeit.  They'll pinch him the first place he tries to spend it.
I thought you blew all your money.
Forget it.
I don't look any good in clothes and I don't know how to drive. What else ya got to sell, Eirie?
You could buy yourself some things. Clothes, or a nice car...
I like griftin'.
If you saved a little, you wouldn't have to grift so much.
There's always a depression on.
You ain't gonna have nothin' if you don't lay off them games of chance. There's a depression on ya know.
We were partners.  If it weren't for Luther I'd still be hustlin' pinball down at Gianelli's.  I don't need anything more than I got.
Aw come on, it was the only thing to do.  He knew he was holdin' ya back.
How do you like that Coleman, huh? After three years.
The bastard.  He can blow his nose all the way.
Straight north.  He was gonna take it all and run.
Which way did he do, Eirie?
Hey, Luther told me he was carrying a wad, but I didn't figure this much.
What am I supposed to do?  Call him for cheating better than me?
I know I give him four threes.  We can't let him get away with that.
Nothin'.  They gotta be outa there early.  I'm gonna bust that bastard in one play.
What do ya want the others to get?
I don't care.  Load me a deck.  Set it up for threes and nines.  I'll cut it in on his deal.
You've only been playin three hours, Doyle.
I've had it with that bum, Floyd. Stack me a cooler.
Good lad.
Yes sir.
Name's Danny McCoy.  No Neck McCoy we called him.  Runs a few protection rackets for Carnello while he's waiting for something bigger to come along.  Me and Danny been friends since we were six. Take a good look at that face, Floyd, cause if he ever finds out we let one lousy grifter beat us, you'll have to kill him and every other hood in Chicago who'd like to do the same thing.  You understand what I'm sayin'?
They staked out the other guy's place last night, but he never showed.  They figure maybe he skipped town.  You wanna follow 'em up?
Hackers.
Combs gave it to Reilly and Cole.
Who's got the contract?
They're still looking for him.
What about the other one?
We got word from Chicago.  They got one of the grifters last night. The nigger.
All right, mark Mottola up a little and put him on a bus.  Nothin' fancy, just enough to keep him from coming back.  Get some local people to take care of the other two.  We gotta discourage this kinda thing.
I don't know.  Could be.  We're runnin' that down now.
They workin' for anybody?
No, we checked his story with a tipster.  He was cleaned by two grifters on 47th.
You sure he didn't just pocket it?
Mottola.
Which one?
It's important.  We had a little trouble in Chicago today.  One of our runners got hit for 12 grand.
I'm busy, Floyd.
Doyle, can I see you a minute?
All he's gotta do is read.
Does J.J. know how to use this thing?
We bought ya a tap into Moe Anenberg's wire.  He's got eyes at every track in the country.  You'll get race results, odds, scratches, pole positions, everything; and just as fast as Western Union gets 'em.
Just give us what ya can, Benny. We'll send a truck down.
You want the stuff tomorrow or don't ya?  It's gonna take hours just to clean it up.  Besides, Gondorff's still a hot item.  Where am I gonna be if he gets hit?
C'mon, you can do better than that. We ain't no heel grifters.
All right, I'll rent ya everything I got in the warehouse for two grand.  That'll give ya phones, cages, blackboards and ticker gear. You supply the guys to move 'em. If you want a counter and bar, that's another grand.  I don't know where the hell I'm gonna get 'em though.
All we need is the bookie setup for now.  We'll worry about the telegraph office later.
Been a while since I stocked a wire store.  Not many mobs playing that anymore.
Got to.  Gondorff's ridin' the mark in from New York on the Century.
I don't know.  This is kinda short notice.  I'm not sure we can get it all done by Saturday.
Looks all right.  It's big enough and off the street.
Naw, I'd just blow it.
You wanta wait for your share?
You were right, Henry.  It's not enough... But it's close.
You beat him, kid.
Ain't nothin' gonna make up for Luther, kid.  Revenge is for suckers.  I been griftin' 30 years and never got any.
I appreciate your stickin' your neck out.  I wouldn't have asked ya if it weren't for Luther.
Yeh.
Henry.
Seems worthwhile, doesn't it? Maybe it's just for the cave-in on Lonnegan's face when we put in the sting.
Then why you doin' it?
I better do some packin'.  I'm gonna be a hot number again after tomorrow.
Two or three hundred I guess. Sometimes played two a day when I was in Shea's mob.  We had it down to a business.  'Course Chicago was a right town then.  The fix was in.  The dicks took their end without a beef.  All the Wall Street boys wanted to make investments for us.  Even had marks looking us up, thinkin' they could beat the game.  Yeh, kid, it really stunk.  No sense in bein' a grifter if it's the same as bein' a citizen.
How many guys you conned in your life, Henry?
Take it easy, you won't lose him now.  We had him 10 years ago when he decided to be somebody.  Believe me, I've seen enough to know.
Luther always told me to bite my toenails when I get nervous.  You see yourself doin' that and you realize it ain't worth it.
Just a little nervous, that's all.
What's the matter, kid?  You're not sayin' much.
Christ, they'll probably miss you and hit me.
A couple days; that's all I'm askin'.  I can stay clear that long.
You just won't learn, will ya. Hell, you come in here, I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know, stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it, and all you wanna do is run down a bullet.  You're just like all them new jerks. Lotsa nerve and no brains.  And ten years from now when me and the others are through and you dumb guys are all dead there won't be one gee left who knows the Big Con was anything more than a way to make a livin'.
All we need is a couple days, Henry. A couple days and we'll get Lonnegan down and stomp on 'em.
You know how easy it'd be for one of Lonnegan's guys to nail you?
You can't play your friends like marks, Hooker.
It was too noisy.
Then why'd ya move outa your room?
Nothin'.  I told ya everything there is.
Well you found him again and we're gonna have to do somethin' about it. What else haven't ya been tellin' me?
I thought I'd lost him.
Why didn't you tell me about Snyder before?
He'll show.
No.
Did he say he wouldn't?
You think he'll show?
Did he hold you up on anything?
Then he drove me home.  He tried to put himself away as legit, so I went right into the pitch.
Hell, they don't do that and you know you're not gettin' through to 'em.
He threatened to kill me.
And?
I gave him the breakdown just like ya told me to.
How 'bout Lonnegan?
No, not a thing.
You know, somebody tailin' ya.  A torpedo or somethin'.
What do ya mean?
No signs of trouble?
Yeh, it was easy.
Everything go all right?
Well we got some workin' money anyway.
How'd ya do?
If we ever get to it.
You just worry about your end, kid.
Let him wait.
He's waitin' for you in the card room.
Neither are we.
He's not as tough as he'd like to think.
If I can find a mob that'll risk it. But no matter what happens, I don't want you comin' back to me halfway through and sayin' it's not enough... cause it's all you got.
Then you'll do it?
Right down to my socks, turkey.  If I'da been half as scared a that lop-ear, I wouldn't a fallen asleep on 'em.  Lonnegan might kill me, but at least he won't bore me to death.
You're sacred of 'em, aren't ya?
You gotta keep Lonnegan's con, even after you spent his money.  And no matter how much you take from his, he'll get more.
I never played for winos.
This isn't like playin' winos on the street.  You gotta do more than outrun the guy.
We'll get by without 'em.
You can't do it alone, ya know.  It takes a mob of guys like you and enough money to make 'em look good.
'Cause I don't know enough about killin' to kill him.
Why?
I'll take him anyway.
And a packing company, a chain of Savings and Loans and half the politicians in Chicago and New York. There ain't a fix in the world gonna cool him out if he blows on ya.
Aw right, he runs the numbers outta the south side.
Yeh, he croaked Luther.  What else do I gotta know.
You know anything about him?
I wanna play for Lonnegan.
You didn't act much like you wanted to learn it.
Gondorff, you gonna teach me the Big Con or not?
You never do, kid.
I don't know.  Haven't seen anybody.
Lonnegan after you, too?
I picked something up on the way.
You gonna stay for breakfast, or do you already know how to eat?
No, I lammed it around for a while while things cooled off.  Philly, Denver, Baltimore, nuthin' towns.
He didn't tell me you was a fuck- up, either.  You played the Big Con since then.
Luther didn't tell me you had a big mouth.
You mean you blew it.
Aw, I conned a Senator from Florida on a stocks deal.  A real lop-ear. He thought he was gonna take over General Electric.  Some Chantoozie woke him up, though, and he put the feds on me.
He had you down as a big-timer. What happened?
I'm sorry about Luther.  He was the best street worker I ever saw.
Yeh, Luther said you could teach me something.  I already know how to drink.
Glad to meet ya, kid.  You're a real horse's ass.
I can talk, can't I?
You sober?
Turn the goddamn thing off, will ya.
He wants to put a half million on Syphon.
What's the problem?
If we're lucky, this'll bring him back stronger than ever.
Looks like he's sulking.
Get a couple extra guys in the line, then.  We'll give him the shut-out.
Not enough to cover a bet that big.
He's gonna hit ya with 20 grand, Eddie.  How much cash we got?
I also gotta win.
All you gotta do is show up with some money and look like a fool.
That's why he won't know it.
The wire is ten years outa date.
We'll use the wire.  Never known a gambler who wouldn't like to beat the ponies.
Fancies himself a gambler, huh?
The porters say he runs a braced card game in one of the cars.  $100 minimum, straight poker.  Last time he pulled in here ten grand heavier than he left New York.
Wonder why he doesn't fly both ways.
He's been taking the 8:10 Century Limited outa New York on Friday and getting in here early Saturday morning.  He usually stays a day to check on his policy operations, and then flies back.
Nothin' yet.  I got a good one on the lead at Hialeah, but he's fadin'.
How ya doin'?
That's what I like about these guys, J.J... They always got protection against things we'd never do to 'em.
Look at that.  He's got four apes with him.
Nice work, J.J.
He usually plays with a Royal or a Cadenza.  I got you one of each.  He likes to cold deck low, 8's or 9's.
Yeh, I think so.  I gave the kay- ducer a C-note.  You find out the deck?
You in?
We'll give him the hook on the train, and play him here.  You think I can get in that poker game, Eddie?
I'm not sure I know it.
Everybody'll sit still for somethin'. What did ya find out about the train, Eddie?
Lonnegan's a fast egg, Henry.  He's not gonna sit still for a standard play.
You're more gutless than I thought.
A half mill on an eight to one shot. You're dumber than I thought, Lonnegan.
What are the odds on Syphon?
If ya win it could make ya, too.
I can't lay that off in time.  We lose a bet that big, it could break us.
Make sure you see cash from this guy, Eddie.  He's got the name for bettin' money he don't have.
The name is Lonnegan.
Never get enough, huh pal?  I'd think you'd get tired of losin', Honnigan.
What!  Don't give me that crap you little weenie.  How do I know you ain't gonna take a powder.  You come to a game like this, you bring your money.
I guess I left it in my room.
Raise 5,000.
See and raise 1,000.
Raise 500.
Raise 1,000.
Pass.
Raise 300.
Five and call.
See and raise five.
See ya and raise three.
Raise 500.
Lonnegan.
Yeh, that'd be real nice of ya, Mr. Lonneman.
Don't have much choice, do ya?
How do I know you're tellin' the truth.
Gondorff asked me to look after ya.
Who are you?
Too many people coulda seen ya go in her room.  She was a professional. Used to work in the Dutch Schultz gang.
She coulda killed me last night.
Then you'll have to come up with another grand somewhere.
My end was only one.
Nobody can buy you a prayer, if I put the finger on ya.
I'll square it with the fixer.
Not intentionally maybe, but that don't make no difference to Lonnegan. He'll swat you like any fly.
You're crazy.  I'm not stupid enough to play for rackets money.
I'll tell ya what you did, smart boy.  You tied into a loaded mark on 47th across from Maxies.  You and Coleman played the switch for him and blew him off to a cab on 49th.  If he hadn't been a numbers runner for Doyle Lonnegan, it woulda been perfect.
Aw, find yourself a shoplifter to roll.
You scored blood money today, Hooker.  You need a friend.
Hi there, Snyder.  Things a little slow down at the Bunco Department tonight, eh?  Somebody lose the dominoes?
Think nothin' of it.
Thank you.  You don't know how much I appreciate this.
All right, I'll give ya a break.  Down that hall there, there's an unmarked door on the left.  Go on in there and wait at the window. I'll take this...  ...in the back and run it through right away.  We'll have you outta there in a couple minutes.
I'm sorry, really I am, but my train leaves in ten minutes.
We'll get 'em!  Give us a chance. I'm not the only agent in here, ya know.  We go around advertising ourselves, how many counterfeiters do you think we'd catch, huh?  You think I'm wearin' this rag here 'cause I like it?  Christ, everybody thinks life's a holiday or somethin' when you got a badge.  I been here since three this morning, Charlie, and I never knew there was so much ugliness in people.  You try to help 'em and they spit on you.  I shoulda let ya go and gotten yourself arrested for passin' false notes.
But what about all these other people?
It'll only take 20 minutes or so. You can pick it up at the window down the hall.
But I got a train to make.
Then I'm afraid we'll have to impound your money until we're sure that it's all good.  Can I see your wallet and your ticket, please?
Yes, a ticket to Chicago.
We don't doubt that, but there's a counterfeiting operation passing bad money in the station.  Have you made any purchases here today?
What for?  I haven't done anything.
Excuse me, sir.  Treasury Dept... I'd like to ask you a few questions.
You know me.  I'm just like you... It's two in the morning and I don't know nobody.
I don't even know you.
If I expected somethin', I wouldn't be still standin' out here in the hall.
And you expect me to come over, just like that.
I don't mean nothin' by it.  I just don't know many regular girls, that's all.
You move right along, don't ya.
I, ah...thought you might wanna come out for a while.  Maybe have a drink or somethin'.
Yeh, this time anyway.
Looks like he missed ya.
He'd like to kill me.
What does this guy want?
Just do what I tell ya and everything'll be jake.
What the hell for?
All right, do me a favor.  Go into the bathroom, open the window and wait for me there.
No.
Look, I don't have time to fuck around.  There's somebody out there I don't need to see.  You got a fire escape or anything?
No.  What's wrong with the front?
You got a back door to this place?
Yeh, sleepin'.
You doin' anything tonight?
2:00 A.M.
What time you get off work here?
Sixty-five.
Meat loaf, apple pie and a cup of coffee.
I don't know.  Depends what train I get on.
Where you goin'?
She don't work here no more.  I'm fillin' in for a couple days... till I can get a train outa here.
Where's June today?
It isn't any better.
Yeh, I guess I shoulda had the meat loaf.
You done?
Well we can't talk in here.  They're having the place painted.
I thought it might be good for him to see the setup.
What the hell's the matter with you. We coulda met at a club or somethin'.
Les, I got Mr. Lonnegan with me. He wants to see you a second.
Okay, Tootsie.
Tomorrow, after 4:00.  Stay inside, I'll come in and get ya.  And be hard on him for a while; he's talking money.
All right, when?
Twist?  I told him the tale.  He wants to see ya.
No.  They're just the only ones we know of.
You sure it'll be one of these two?
Three grand on the black, Jimmy.
Aw, come on, Hooker, why don't you just...
I feel lucky tonight.
You sure you wanna start off that big?  Bet like that could put a real dent in us.
You gonna have a go here?  How 'bout a ten spot on the line here.  The 4-9 been lookin' good today.  Lotsa action on 28th Street down there, too.  Pay ya 10-1.
Naw, just a little hard times, that's all.  It's all over now.
Ain't seen you in months, boy. Thought maybe you took a fall.
How ya doin', Jimmy.
Hooker!
I don't know, figure something out.
How am I gonna do that?
Tell your friend I'll have the money here by post-time tomorrow. We'll take the first race where the odds are 4-1 or better.  And make sure I can get to that window this time.
Oh, Jesus.
I didn't get the bet down in time.
What happened?
He's right, Les.
A week's a long time, friend. Anything can happen.  All of it bad.
Had a little fight with a raggle down on 13th.  She got me with her ring.
What happened to your face?
You want your money back?  Try and get it in a court of law.  C'mon, don't be a sorehead.  I'll make it worth your while.  Migth even help ya finance the big play if this one works out.
No.
Let me talk to him.
I gotta talk to me partner first. We can't afford to expose our game too much.
If your system's as foolproof as you say, you'll get even more.
What is this?  That's my money. You tryin' to muscle me?
I think we oughta place another bet tomorrow.
Not yet, but...  Hey, there's only a grand here.
You got the 400 grand yet?
It's foolproof.  We got a partner downtown runs the central office of the Western Union.  Race results from all over the country come in there and go right across his desk on their way to the bookies.  All he does in hold them up a couple minutes until he can call us and get a bet down on the winner.  Then he releases the results to the bookies and we clean up on a race that's already been run.  It can't miss, unless the Western Union Dicks get onto it.
I'm in.
You stayin' in or not?
You got a system, Carver?
'Cause it's better to do it all at once.  We're puttin' down 400 grand next week.  At 5-1 we make 2 million. Twenty per cent of that is yours if ya stick with us.
Why don't ya then.
Lucky, hell.  I could do it every day.
You're a lucky man, all right.
Well, what did I tell ya?
Give 'em a little time.
You really picked a winner, kid.
I am after this race.
And you were gonna pay me back?
This is just a test.  The big one comes later.  Be careful with that though, it's all I got.
You're not gonna break him with a $2,000 bet.
Sometime after 1:00 a guy's gonna call here and give you the name of a horse.  All you do is take this two grand across the street to Shaw's place and bet it on that pony.  There's nothin' to it, but don't take too much time.  We only have 3 or 4 minutes after you get the call.
Get on with it then.
I was afraid you weren't gonna come. We haven't got much time.
You should always look to the back too, kid.
If I'm not there by quarter of, I'm not coming.
660 Marshall Street.  Tomorrow at 12:30, if you're interested.
You're dreamin', kid.
Maybe a couple million.
That's worth fifteen grand to ya?
If you help me out, I'll pay ya back the money you owe Shaw, myself.
All you gotta do is place a bet for me at Shaw's place.  I'll supply all the money and the information.
I'm a banker, friend.  That's legit in this state.
I need somebody respectable...but not completely legit.  What I'm gonna do isn't very legal.
Why me?  Shaw probably has lotsa enemies to choose from.
All right, then.
Naw, he picked up some jane in the bar.  Can't see him till morning anyway.
What's the matter?  You gotta get back to Shaw?
Cause I'm tired of bein' his nigger.  I want you to help me break him.
Then why the rat?
So could Shaw.
I could have you put under this train for this, errand boy.
You were set up, Lonnegan.  Shaw's been planning to beat your game for months.  He was just waiting for you to cheat him so he could clip ya.
He hired a dame to take it from ya.
What do you mean?
Yeh, he knows that.
He'll have to take a check.  I couldn't find my wallet.
He cheats.
Your boss is quite a card player, Carver.  How does he do it?
Just as long as I get to finish the play.
All right, Hooker, but you take it on the lam, and we'll shoot you down on sight.
I mean completely played.  Until he's beat and the score is taken. You come in before we beat him and I'll kill him.  You'll have a tough time explaining that, won't ya.
Hell yes.  We don't care about the mark.  He deserves what he gets.
Will you wait until the chump is played?
Like hell.  You won't even get a review till you're seventy.  And if the board starts to go soft, we'll let ya out in the yard some night with a hard-nose young bull who'll put fifty slugs in your face and ask what you were doin' there later.
I'll make parole.
You've already done time twice, and judges don't like three time losers. You wanna sit in the can for forty years, startin' tonight?
No.
Look, I got nothin' against you, but you're in trouble here.  All you gotta do is tell us when Gondorff's gonna play his chump. We come in at the sting, make the pinch, and you walk out free as a bird.  No questions, no court appearance, nothing.
We'll get it, and if we can't, we'll just make it up.  Grand larceny, extortion.  Counterfeiting, anything you want.
You got nothin' on me.
Lt. Snyder doesn't know shit.
Well give yourself a couple seconds, crumb.  You wouldn't wanna lie to me.  Lt. Snyder here says you done a lotta griftin' in this town.
Don't think I know him.
We want to talk to ya about Henry Gondorff.
No.
You want a drink or something?
On the nose!  I said place.  Place it on Syphon.  That horse is going to run second.
Take it easy.  Everything's all right.  I put it on Syphon, on the nose.
Not if you want me to keep makin' 'em for ya.
Yeh, and what if we play tomorrow and he doesn't come up with the money.  We risk our whole operation for nothing.  I'll say when we make our bets.
With 20% coming off the top for me laying your bet.  Either way you end up with 40.
We were getting 50 from our guy.
If it works again tomorrow, I'll have a half million in cash here by noon the next day.  We split 60-40.
On a 6-1 shot?  The hell with ya. We'll keep the deal we got.
I need more proof, that's all. Anybody can get lucky once.
But who says you will.  I got a guy I can depend on.  He's liquidating everything he has for this.  You wouldn't even give Carver his money back.
I could come up with 750 grand in a day if I had a reason to.
Can't do it.  There're telegraph inspectors all over the place.  I got 750 grand coming in from the coast, and I'm not gonna blow it for a lousy 14 gees.  We'll get somebody else to do our betting.
All right, get outa here.  You're outta work.
I don't know.  He took it hard.
Yeh, and what does Cole say about that?
There wasn't any way he coulda known we was in there.  We made a clean pick on the lock and didn't leave no footprints in the hall. Somebody musta wised him up.
You weren't hired to miss him.
We missed him.
All right, Riley.  What the hell happened?
Never heard of the place.
This is the last time I expect to see you down here.
Only rents by the month.  Two hundred and fifty for the two of them.
I'll need a room over there that faces this way.  How much a week?
For fifteen years.
We'll take it.  You manage the building at the end of the alley?
I think he will.
He'll never do it.
He's gonna set up Gondorff for us.
What the hell good is Hooker to ya?
Don't crack wise to me, flatfoot. I spent a lotta time in dumps like this, eatin' Gondorff's dust while the bunco squad gets rich tippin' him off.  But it's not gonna happen this time.  We're not even gonna let the police know we're here.  If you keep your mouth shut and do a job, there'll be a promotion in it for ya.  And you better take it, cause I can make ya work for us without it.
Wouldn't that be too bad.  You'd hafta move outa this nice office ya got.
Cause the stoolies are used to street dicks jumpin' him.  If word gets around that Feds are in on it too, Gondorff'll fold up the whole thing.
Why don't you pick him up yourself?
There's word he's gonna run a con on the North Side here.  We got a year-old Florida warrant on him, but it's a thin beef, and he can beat it in court unless we catch him cold.  All we want you to do is pick up Hooker for us.
Sure.  Every bunco man in the country knows Gondorff.
Well we do.  He's chummin' around with a Big C named Henry Gondorff. Ring any bells?
Yeh, but I don't know where he is.
Do ya know him or don't ya?
Sit down and shut up, will ya.  Try not to live up to all my expectations.  We were told you know a hustle artist named Johnny Hooker.
What is this?  I got work to do.
We'll see you before you go.
Right back to California.  We've got to go home and rest up from our vacation.
What's your next step, Nick?
Sorry.  Don't know a thing.
What about this Rosebreen?
No.
Have the police got any idea where Wynant is?
I never tried to kid you reporters -- I'm telling you the truth.
Come on, gimme a break.
Sorry.  I don't know anything about it.
Of course.
Is that what it means?
Then just say he was sixty years old.
You know how they are... sex...
Why not?
Sexogerarian, eh?  Yes.  Yes.  But I can't put that in the paper.
Yes.  He admitted it.
He was?
There's a physiological as well as a psychological angle in my father's relationship with Julia Wolf that the police have overlooked.  And I think it explains everything.  You see, my father was a sexogenarian.
He's just around the corner.
Any luck?
I can't find him.  I've tried everything.  I thought you might know.
Now don't say that -- he's just off somewhere working.
Just a minute...
What could happen to him, darling? You mustn't worry....  What is it?
He's never forgotten a promise to me.  I'm worried about him.  I know something's happened to him.
He's just forgotten.  You know he forgets everything.
But tonight is Christmas Eve!
Darling, your father's all right. He'll turn up in time.
It's all right.
What's the matter, darling ... not sweet enough?
I'm sorry.
Cheer up, darling.
Oh.  I'll do my own typing!
Wel-l-l, it seems he has a secretary.
All settled?  Grand!  Why did your mother ever divorce him?  He's swell.
Look -- those are the first metals that came through. 
I didn't know you invented that Smelting Process.
You better take a drink.
Nothing.
What?
Do you suppose.....  ?
Said he stole his invention.
Why did that man want to kill him?
Don't start worrying about him. He's a good guy, but screwy.
She's got me worrying, too.
Help yourself.  Oh, Tom, show this gentleman... 
Mind if I look around?
And if it isn't?
That is, if it's all right with you.
Well!
It's the same one.
Another young man.
How are you?
Oh, Andy, Andy!
Darling, don't cry.  Please.  I know it's terrible.  But isn't it really better this way?
Why not?
You're high enough.
This is a pretty dead bunch, isn't it?
Go away!
Dorothy.... listen to me. I love you.  Don't you understand that? I love you.
Why not? I am crazy....the whole family's crazy.
You're talking like a crazy person,
How would you like to have a couple of little murderers for your children?  It'd be fun, wouldn't it?  Maybe they'd murder each other...  keep it all in the family. That's what Father should have done.  He should have killed me and Gilbert... then we wouldn't have had this to go through.
Dorothy!
I can't marry you!  I can't ever marry you!
I only know I want to marry you... right now, and --
You don't understand.  You don't know what's going to happen.
Do you think I care
Please!  You can't get mixed up in this.
What are you talking about?
And don't ever try to see me again.
Go!
You're sweet, but the only thing that you can do for me is to go.
You've got to get your mind off this.
I can't.
Darling, you can't go through any more of this.  Now you get together your clothes and your skates and we'll go out to my family's in the country.
I can't help it.  You don't know.....
Don't cry.
Oh, Andy.
And I'll give then proof!
Mother!
Now do you believe me!
Oh!
There!
I don't believe it! You're lying!
I don't think you will.  It's your father's.
All right, then.  I'll tell them.
I'll do nothing of the sort.
You hand that over to the police.
It's a piece of evidence that's worth a great deal more than that.
Then what are you hiding?
I didn't.
You took that money from Julia's hand.
Nonsense! She got at she deserved.
Don't.  It's horrible.
Shush!
Did it ever occur to you that Chris might work?
I didn't say I would.  But we've got to have money.
Mother ....  you couldn't do that. You couldn't go to her.
I won't have you hounding him any more for money.
That's gone long ago.  I've got to see him.  Where is he?
You just want money -- and you haven't any right to any more.  He made a big settlement on you.
No.
He's all right.  Isn't that enough?
That isn't true.  It was about your father.  Where is he?
Nothing.
What is it?
Do you know where he's living?  Oh....  Well, at least I'm glad he's all right.  Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
What is it? Has he found him?
Oh, here she is.
Give it to me.
How are you?....  Oh, I'm Mrs. Jorgensen now....  No, she isn't here.  Is it about her father?  Well, can I take the message?
What do you mean?
He didn't do it -- Nick!
Tch-tch-tch --  Well, goodbye, Miss Wynant.  You wouldn't drive slowly, so you don't get a tip.
He wouldn't say.
Did he tell you where he was going?
He's waiting for you.
Is your father still in there?
Thanks...  we're taking your cab.
How are you?  Here.  Get under this.
He's been dead for three months.
Dead?
Hello, Nick!  And a party - celebrating father's third murder - 
Hello, Dorothy. 
That's the truth.
Don't lie to me.
I bought it in a pawn shop.
Where did you get this gun?
Oh, yeah?  People fall toward a shot, you know...  not back from it.  I knew you were lying.
She... she fell over backwards.
Which way did she fall?
I don't know.
Did she make any sound?  Didn't scream?
She fell down.
Pretty good shot you are. What did she do?
Why... in the heart.
Where did you hit her?
Yes.  I hated her for coming between my mother and father.  She kept me from seeing my father.  I went down there to ask her where he was.  She wouldn't tell me, and I shot her.
What are you trying to tell me? That you did it?
There. 
Yes.
You heard about Julia Wolf?
I've got to see you alone!
Come on in.
Oh, thank heaven.
I just wanted to relieve your mind. Your father's alive and all right.
Thanks.  We will.  Goodbye.
We're at the Normandie for a couple of weeks.  Why don't you drop around?
How do you do?  I'm sorry we have to rush.
No.  The lawyer -- I'm going to see him.
Your father?
Why don't you try him again?
tried him once -
That's it...  Herbert Macaulay.
Macaulay.
I don't know anything -- I've been in California for four years. What about his lawyer? Used to be a guy named Mac-- something.
Disappeared!
That's what I was going to ask you.  he's disappeared!
Yes.  Some nut who wanted to kill him.  How is your father?
Andy...  this is Nick Charles.  He worked on a case for father.
Probably not.
was fascinated with you....  a real live detective....  You used to tell me the most wonderful stories.  Were they true?
How did you ever remember me?
Yes.
Not that scrawny little....? 
You don't remember me.....  I'm Dorothy Wynant.
Yes.
Aren't you Nick Charles?
Of course we do! We've been friends for years.
You know, we know each other.
Hello, there!
Another Martini --
Goodbye, my boy.  Take care of Dorothy.  Show her that there is such a thing as a happy marriage.
Goodbye, darling.  Don't you dare forget...  December 30th.
Better get home before it is.
But it isn't bad weather now.
Only in bad weather.
Poor Dad, does that still bother you?
He's a brave man.
And he still wants to marry me!
Like all the rest of us.  Has this fellow...  ...has he seen the whole family?
You're not missing much.  He's cuckoo.
I know -- I know --
You know how it is, Dad.  He's sort of under Mother's thumb.
I'd like to see him.  Why don't you bring him down?
He's all right.
How's your brother?
That's one thing I won't forget.  Where's Macaulay?  I ought to be starting.
It's a promise?
Oh, I'll be back before Christmas.
We were planning to be married right after Christmas.
Yes.  And I don't want anybody to steal it from me.
A new invention?
It's a secret.  I can't even tell you, my dear.  I've got an important idea to work on.
Where are you going?
Wait a minute.  When is it going to be? I'm leaving town tonight.
If you think it'll be all right.
He can stay home.  Please, Dad, won't you?
Wouldn't it be a little embarrassing ...  all of us there ...  your other and me and your stepfather?
This is my wedding.
What would your mother say to that?
I hate all that fuss.  But I'll do it on one condition -- that you're there to give me away.
Yes, she would.
Mother's set her heart on a big church wedding.
Dad, this is what I really wanted to ask you....
You see how much we have to say.
He'll still be your son-in-law!
Take a good look at him, Dad.  Now please try to remember him... 'cause he's going to be your son- in-law.
Forgive me.  How are you?
It's been the same one for three months.
Yes... yes.
Must have been in the war.  That might account for the cane and his limp.
Shrapnel!
I'm very interested in that body.
Not at all.
Do you mind if I come down and see it?
Yes.
Going to run him through the fluoroscope?
You can take that out to the car.
know.  But I saw him -
What are you talking about, Gilbert? You weren't there!
I saw him too... he was wearing a green suit with a white tie...
Children, will you go into the next room? I want to talk to Chris alone.
Well, I've got my alibi.  I was at the Public Library.  Where were you?
I hope you won't talk that way to the police when they come here.
Why not? You had a perfectly good motive.
Gilbert!
Did you kill her?
Was there much blood?
Not a thing.
Did they find any clues...  a gun or fingerprints or anything?
She could tell you where father is.
That woman!
He said that father's in town. He's been seeing Julia right along.
What is it, Gilbert? Tell mother! What did he say?
You see, he'd been very clever. Everybody, even our astute friend Guild, thought that Wynant was alive and that he was the murderer. But our hero had just one weak link in his chain.  The telegrams, wires and telephones were all very well - but no one had seen Wynant. So he picked on poor Mimi here to strengthen his case.  Mimi is the only one at the table who can tell us who the real murderer is.  Mimi, who was it that told you to say you'd seen Wynant?
Shut up.
--was Wynant's.
You mean that body-----?
Because I found out for certain that he didn't commit the murders.
Why didn't you tell me? .... Why didn't you hold him?
No.
Are you kidding?
I'll take care of him.
What're you doing here?
Just the same, Wynant wouldn't mind having him out of the way, would he?  How long should you say this body'd been here, Doc?
Yes.  But we figured it was just blackmail...
He said Wynant tried to steal an invention.
I never saw him.  I don't think anyone saw him.
Could this be him?
Rosebreen.
"D.W.R."  That case you worked on... the guy who threatened to kill Wynant... what what was his name?
Extraordinarily lucky.
Lucky thing for us they weren't in that lime.
Just rolled them up and threw them in.
This is enough for me.
Fifty will still get you a hundred.
I guess that cinches it, eh, Mr. Charles?  He killed them both - Julia Wolf and Nunheim.
She's ready to talk.  It won't do any harm, though - to find out where he is.
Get anything?
Nunheim!
Trail him!  Trail who?
I'm calling your office so you can send out a man to trail him. I want to see where he goes.
Who're you calling?
I think we're on the right track.
Well, what'd you think?
Let's go and see.  Taxi!
He's holding out on you.
No.
Did you know he was hanging around Julia?
Oh, he's all right.  We know all about him.  He does a little stooling for us every once in a while.
What about this Nunheim?
I'll check on that.  I'm afraid this is kinder dull for you.
What about Jorgensen?
They're all O.K.  Mrs. Jorgensen, the boy, Dorothy, Macaulay... even Morelli... we had to let him go.
I haven't got that far yet.  But I don't think that everything points to Wynant.  What about the alibis?
Who's your candidate?
For one thing, he was too absent- minded to hold a grudge.
What do you mean?
Fifty will get you a hundred that he didn't do it.
Nothing yet to cinch it.
No proof?
Yeah. Couldn't find a thing. This is the way we figure it.  Wynant goes to Julia's apartment. He finds Morelli there... sees she's two- timing him.  They have a fight. But he figures he don't want to do anything then.... Morelli might squeal.  So he goes away. He don't let his lawyer know anything has happened... he lets him go ahead and and hand over money to Julia to give to him, so that Julia will think it's all blown over. Then, when she don't expect it... he lets her have it.
You've been there?
I thought it might be.  From now on, they're going to think that every thin man over six feet with white hair is Wynant.
Oh, that's a phoney.  The men didn't even have to go down.
What about the suicide?
It's a bargain then.  Anything you want to know?
So would I.
Man to man, I'm not.
Man to man, Mr. Charles, are you working on this case?
That ain't a gun any more.  The firing pin's busted - the -  Don't waste time talking about that.
You mean about that gun?
You oughtn't to play this trick on me.  Running out when I was giving you time to rest up before I asked you those questions.
Okay.  There's plenty of time. I guess we got to ask you a lot more questions than we counted on. We'll come up tomorrow when you're feeling better.  Come on.
I'll have to try to remember.
Who's is it?
No.
This gun yours?
Ever heard of the Sullivan Act?
No.
Have you got a pistol permit?
So you say -  Go on, Bob.
Not without a warrant.
Keep on asking.
I'm asking you.
Ask him.  I don't know.
What'd he think it was to you?
Nothing.
What's that to you?
Wanted to tell me he didn't kill Julia Wolf.
What's he want of you?
I never saw him before.
We were looking for this bird.
Yes.  I might not have been shot.
We hear this is getting to be sort of a meeting place for the Wynant family, so we figure we'll stick around in case the old man himself shows up.  Then we seen him...  ...sneak in and we decide to come up.  And pretty lucky for you.
How'd you people happen to pop in?
Well, thanks.  We'll call you when we need you again.
I didn't know they had a fight.
Do you know what they fought about that night he went away?
I know he'll turn up as soon as he sees this in the papers.  You can't think he had anything to do with it, Mr. Guild.  He wasn't the kind of man that....
Yes.  But he didn't show up.
Did you go?
About three.
When was that?
I wasn't in.  My secretary took the message.  He left word for me to meet him at the Plaza.
He did!
He telephoned me today.
Well, what?
Well....
Oh, then you did hear from him?
I said he hadn't written me.
Seen any signs of it, Bill?
Yesterday.  I gave her a thousand dollars.
When was the last time you gave her money for Wynant?
Let him have his say out.
That's ridiculous.
Tell 'em.
A brown suit, brown shoes and a white shirt and a grayish tie with red, or reddish brown figures on it.
What kind of clothes was he wearing?
That's nothing.  I saw him myself.
You did!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
That's all right.  Well, we'll be going.
The Medical Examiner seems to think that the body was touched.  He says it looks as if the girl's hand had been forced open after she was killed....
I don't think so.  Of course I was terribly upset...  I hardly knew what I was doing.
Are you sure you didn't leave the room...  that one of the bellhops or maids might not have been in there alone?
No.
Did you see anything in Miss Wolfe's hand?
Why yes.
You say you were in the room with the body from the time you discovered it 'til we came?
I see.
There are a few things we want to check up on.
You're a great help to a hostess. I wish I always had you for my dinner parties.
They'll be here.  Don't worry.  My men are picking them up.
Mr. Guild means guests!  Oh, there are two more to come.
I guess all the suspects are here.
I think we may as well sit down.
Looks like he planned, something. He shut up his apartment and his shop.
Do you think that Wynant did it?
I don't mind telling you I'd rather have you working with us than against us.
But he's interested!
Good morning, Lieutenant -  Sorry.
Good morning --
Just give me a minute....  I'll remember. I'm not stalling, Lieutenant.  You know I always come clean with you.  Gee, it'd serve me right if you had pinched me...  that's the afternoon I was.... wait, I'll show you...!
How'd you like to be thrown in the can on account of not remembering?
I can't remember offhand, Lieutenant.  Maybe I was over at Charlie's shooting pool. Maybe I was here.  She'd remember.
Sit down!  We didn't come here to watch you and that broad dance around a May pole.  Where were you the afternoon the girl was killed?
Let me go!  Let me bring her back. I can't get along without her. I'll bring her right back and I'll tell you anything you want to know. Let me go!
Marian!  Marian! Don't go! I'll behave!  I'll do anything!  Don't go, Marian!
Where were you?
Where were you?
You don't think I had anything to do with it?
You'd done better to have told me that in the beginning.  Where were you the afternoon she was knocked off?
I didn't mean you, Mister.
Want to take a poke at him?
That's a lie, Lieutenant...  Anybody that says that is a liar.
Maybe if you quit running around after other women you wouldn't have so much trouble with this one.
She drives me nuts.  She's been ragging me all day.
That's all I did, Lieutenant. That's the God's truth.  Maybe I said hello to her or how are you or something like that when I saw her, but that's all I knew her. That's the truth.  All right.  Put your mouth in and I'll pop a tooth out of it.
What's the idea of telling me you just knew the Wolfe girl by sight?
Have a shot?
Never mind.
Why, you said...
I thought you said you weren't going there.
and there she was lying dead.  The police said she'd probably been killed about ten minutes before I got there.
Chris -- Chris -- !
Wouldn't I.  Just watch me.
You wouldn't do that...  you wouldn't!
Just what I said I'd do.
What are you going to do?
I said all right!
I couldn't go near that woman.
All right.  All right.
Chris!
Why don't you go to see Julia? She handles his money.
I know.
You've said that for weeks.
I'll get some.
How can I help but mind? I'm constantly humiliated...  just because I haven't money.
Don't mind what she says, Chris.
Then someone was in with you.  Who was it? -- Who was it?  I'll answer that --  Hello ...  hello ...
I never had it.
What did you do with the rest?
I can't! I haven't got it!
You're going to return every cent of it!
I'll give it back to you ....  all I've got ....twenty-five thousand...
Hello ....  give me ....  Well ....  ?
That's a fine thing to throw up to me after all I've been to you....
They'll be pretty rough with you....with your record.
Go ahead!
I want that money right now, or I'll hand you over to the police.
supporting that gang of loafers! There's not one of them that cares a damn for you.  A wife who threw you out the first time your foot slipped.  They wouldn't raise a hand to help you.  And I've given my whole life for you.  If you kicked off tomorrow, where'd I be? Out in the gutter!  Sure I took those bonds.  Who has a better right -- ?
That's my business.
What if I did take them? I'm sick and tired of seeing you hand out thousands of dollars to that family of yours....
No one else had the combination of that safe.  You took them.  What did you do with them?
Do you realize that you're accusing me of ....
Now see here, Julia.  You're counting a little too much on my being absent-minded.  You've been taking a little here and there for some time, and I haven't said anything about it.  But this is fifty thousand dollars!
Don't you remember....
I'd never tell you to sell those. I bought them for my daughter.
Oh yes.  Why, you told me to sell them a long time ago.
The government bonds.  The ones you took from the office safe.
What bonds?
No.  I just came back for a second. I wanted to get those bonds.
Don't worry.  You won't see him again.  What happened? Did you change your mind about going?
I don't like him.
This is the first time I've seen him in years.  I didn't want him to think I was high-hatting him.
I thought you'd given up that sort of friend.
He's not anybody.  Just a fellow I used to know.
Who's that man?
So I see.
We're just having a little drink.
Would it help any if I could persuade him to meet you?
Oh, please, Nick.
So did we.  I mean, Sherlock here.
I got word from Wynant this morning...
That's all right.
Asta - don't bother Mr. Macaulay.
Good.
Oh, he's sitting up.
Good morning. I'm afraid this isn't a very "Merry Christmas" for you.
Oh, hello.  Come on in.
Yes?
Is there a Mr. Macaulay in the house?  Oh, it's you.
I left instructions with Julia. She'll get it from you.  Goodbye.
But what if you need more money?
No.
Is Julia going with you?
Settle it yourself.  What have I got a lawyer for?
What'll I do if something comes up?
Thanks, and goodbye.
You might do that.  Get me a ticket for...  No, you don't!
Well, let me do that for you.
No.
Isn't there anything else I can do for you? Have you bought your ticket?
I trust you.
I wish you'd count them.  There's a thousand dollars there.
Never mind.
One hundred...  two hundred... three...
That's just why I'm going.
But suppose some business comes up...
I'm not telling anyone.
I do wish you'd tell me where you're going.
Did you get my money?
What about it, Tanner.  Isn't that the truth?
I have no right to answer that.
Oh he as clever about that.  He called when you were out.  That same afternoon, Julia telephoned to him. She said that you were coming, Mimi, to ask about Wynant. He got terrified. He was afraid that Julia would break down and tell... so he went to Julia and killed her and left Wynant's watch chain in her hand.
But it must have been Wynant.  I should have known if it weren't his voice.
Hello....  Where?  In Allentown.  Yes... When is the next train? Right - I'll get that.  Wynant's tried to commit suicide. They want me to come down and identify him.  I guess this changes the whole story, doesn't it?  That looks like an admission of guilt.  And I had such hopes.  I thought if you got on the case, you'd be able to clear him.  I thought that Mimi.... the way she acted... I was sure that....  Oh, well, well... it's no use thinking of it now.  I'm sorry to have wasted so much of your time.
Hello.... oh, just a minute.  Police department?
I've done that already. He should appear, you know.  It doesn't look well... his staying away at a time like this.
It wouldn't hurt to put it in.
He gave me a code message to insert in the Times, in case I wanted to get in touch with him.
It might.
Slim.
What are the chances of getting you to do what he wants?
That's all right.
I hate to bother you when you're laid up.
How are you?
S'long.
How do you do?  What did you say?....  He is?.... Where is he?  Very well.  He's back in town....  Wynant.  Thank heaven.  He's waiting for me now.  Forgive me, Mrs. Charles...  but I've been so upset.  It's no joke working for a man like that.  I must be off.  Goodbye....  Goodbye,
My wife.
He sends word through Julia Wolf when he wants money...  I give it to her and she gives it to him.
No word at all?
You know as much about it as I do. I haven't seen him in three months.
What's all the fuss about? Is he in hiding?
I see.  I see.
My wife's father died and left her a lumber mill and a narrow guage railroad and a couple of other things.  And I'm looking after them.
You don't say --
I haven't been a detective for four years.
She usually is.  Trying one way or another to get money out of Wynant. I wanted to find out if you were er - er -  --sleuthing for her.
Mimi?  ...  Oh, Dorothy's mother.  Does she have to be up to something?
Nothing, thank you.  Nothing.  I wanted to see you...  What's Mimi up to, Charles?
That's all right.  What are you drinking?
Dorothy told me you were here.  I was going to telephone but....
Hello, Macaulay.  Come in.
How are you?
Macaulay, you drew up Wynant's will.  Mimi was cut off, wasn't she, if she re-married?
I'm lot going to stay here to be insulted - 
You're lying, Mimi.  But then, you'd do anything for money.  You're getting a good price for saying you saw Wynant and you figure you won't get anything if he's dead.
It isn't a story - it's true.  I did see Wynant.  He's not dead.
What did he pay you, Mimi, to stick to that story?
Nobody told me.  I did see him!
And the murderer is right here in this room tonight... he's sitting at this table.  You may serve the fish.
Perfectly absurd.
So I did.  I saw him lying buried in his shop.
Because I don't believe that Clyde's dead!  Why, you said yourself you saw him last night.
He didn't say very much.  Wanted to know how I was and how the children were.
Oh, did he?  What did he say?
Last night.  He came to see me at my apartment.
You did... where?
I've got some very important news - I've seen Wynant.
This is all very pleasant but why are here?
All right, then -- I'll tell them who did do it!
They'll want more than your word for that.
I tell you -- he didn't do it.
That's not for you to decide. Everybody's under suspicion - especially running off like this --  The police will want his description.  Is this a picture of him?
But he has nothing to do with it!
You should have told them he'd disappeared.
Chris may be at the club -- or somewhere -- I don't see that it's important --
Gilbert!  Is he here too?  We might as well be living in the lobby.
Where's Gilbert?
Yes...
Dorothy!  Is she here?
I tell you again, I don't want any part of it.  Now you take Dorothy home and...
But he knows you.  All you have to do is get in touch with him, and tell him that Mimi says everything is all right... but that I've got to see him.
Now, Mimi, there are a thousand detectives in New York.  Hire one of them.
Nick, you will help me find Clyde -- won't you?
You're always teasing.
Well, don't you?
Oh, I know he didn't, but I wish I could find him...  I have something very important to tell him. Macaulay won't help at all.  He thinks I just want money.
What do you think?
Clyde Wynant's crazy... absolutely crazy to stay away at a time like this. No wonder the police think he has something to do with it.
want to talk to you about something very important.
Hello, Mimi.
Oh, Nick... Nick!
I hope you won't let this news spoil your dinner.  Nice food, isn't it?
What am I?  The fall guy?
Thank you.  Now I'll tell you why I know Wynant didn't commit those murders -  Three months ago - the night that he caught you in Julia's apartment, he found out that Julia was cheating him, and was splitting with some man.  He went to find the man. That man was.... Tanner, don't you...?
Once I wanted five grand --  Cash -
Why do you say that?
She don't say she is, but I figure she is -
Morelli -  You knew Julia.  Was she gypping Wynant?
This is your party.
What's that?
I am on the level. If I knew anything I'd....
That'd be very smart.  That'd be the smartest thing I ever did. Me that a police captain's been in a hospital three weeks on account we had an argument.  The boys would like to have me come in and ask questions.  They'd like it right down to the end of their blackjacks. Now I come to you on the level. Studsy says you're on the level. Be on the level.
I'd tell you if I knew. But I'm not in this.  Ask the police.
He's all right. He'd like to see you. But listen...  What's the law doing to me?  Do they think I did it, or is it just something else to pin on me?
How is Studsy?  I didn't know he was out of stir.
Listen.  "Studsy" Burke told me you used to be O.K. That's why I'm here. Do  they....
That's all swell.  Only you're peddling your fish in the wrong market. I've got nothing to do with it.
I wouldn't have any reason to hurt her.  She was always on the up and up with me.  But that dirty little Nunheim -- he got sore cause I clicked with her and he didn't, so he put the finger on me.
Why tell me?
I haven't seen her in three months. We were all washed up.
All right - you didn't.
I didn't knock Julia off.
I've never heard about you.
Do you mind putting that gun away? My wife doesn't care, but I'm in a delicate condition.
I gotta talk to you.  I want you to tell me something and I want you to give it to me straight. Get me?
His plan was still working beautifully. Wynant was established as being in town.  The watch chain was handed over....  ...with a slight delay...to the police. The only hitch was a man named Nunheim who had found out something.  Our hero paid Nunheim once to keep his mouth shut, and when Nunheim threatened him again, he bumped him off.
I hope you're well.
It's the only way it makes sense.
Why are you saying it?
I don't know.
Is that true?
After our hero had killed Wynant, he got a brilliant idea.  He realized that he and Julia could still collect money.  Wynant was supposed to be on a trip - no one knew where - so our dinner guest wrote letters to Macaulay, signing Wynant's name, so that Macaulay would continue to send the money to Julia.  He even telephoned Macaulay --  Do you remember?.... the first day that you came to see me... he telephoned that he was in town?
If that knife is missing, I'll look for it in your back.
Let's see... where was I?  Oh, yes.  He went to find the man. That man was desperate!  He knew that he was caught dead to rights -- and with prison staring him in the face, he took the only way out. He killed Wynant.  It's terrible to tell you this way but your father's dead, Dorothy.
You're going to drive me crazy!
I'm afraid you're lying, Mimi. You see, I really did see Wynant last night.
Serve the nuts - I mean, serve the guests the nuts.
I wish you'd tell me.
I wish you'd tell me who.
Yes.
I can't wait any longer.  Tell me, do you think one of them did it?
Thank you, Mrs. Charles.
You give such charming parties, Mr. Charles.
Mimi, Jorgensen, Morelli, Tanner..... 
Mimi!
Mimi...
Who do you think did it?
Oh, they'll come.  I'll have Guild issue the invitations. 
The suspects!  They won't come.
I'm going to give a party, and invite all of the suspects.
I've got a lulu -- why?
Got a nice evening dress?
Now Nick, what's that got to do with it?
Got a nice evening dress?
Yes!
I'm going to get the real murderer. I've got an idea.  Want to see me take him?
What are you going to do?
I want to lie low till I get the whole dope.  I don't want to go off half-cocked.
Why not?
I can't help it. I can't tell a soul.  I didn't even tell Guild.
But the poor kid's going crazy. She'd rather know her father was dead than that...
Hey... hey.  Don't do that.
I'm going to tell her.
No.  Nobody but you.
Wynant dead?  Does Dorothy know?
Smart gal.
Then he couldn't have committed those other murders.
Couple of months anyway.
How long has he been dead?
I remembered that Wynant had some shrapnel in his shin.  It often bothered him.  So I looked for it and I found it.  Gimme.
You don't get another swallow 'til you really open up.
Sure.
Well, don't they?
Oh.  Well, the clothes for instance. They were carefully preserved, and the body was just as carefully destroyed.  The person who killed him counted on one thing... that all skeletons look alike.
What things made you so sure?
Huh?
Nick, you'll drive me crazy.  What things?
Several things.  Hello, Fred.  We're hungry again. Yeah, and lots of onions.  Oh, and coffee.
What makes you so sure it's Wynant's body?
That's what they think... Guild and all of them.  They take it for granted that it's just another of Wynant's victims.  Guild's hot-footing it around now, looking for Wynant. That's all that troubles him.
But they all said it was Rosebreen's.
Yup.  Don't you want something to eat?
Wynant's body?
That's a fact.
Nick, you'd better lay off that liquor.
It was his body that was buried there.
Nick!
He was down in the shop.
What do you mean?
I did find him!
I want you to stay and find Wynant.
My soul, woman.  I give you three murders and you aren't satisfied.
Back to California
I don't care - I'm just used to you, that's all --  If you let anything happen to him, you'll never wag that tail again!
Why, I believe the little woman cares.
Don't say it that way. Say it as if you meant it.
Sure I will.
Nickie, take care of yourself won't you?
Goodbye, darling.
You dog!
Not with all your money!
You bet I wouldn't.
You wouldn't be a widow long.
Go on - go on - see if I care. But it's a dirty trick bringing me all the way to New York just to make me a widow.
I'll be all right.  I've got Asta to protect me.
I know but this is different. He's a crazy man. He might kill you.
Say you're the one who got me in this!
Nick - I won't have you going down there.
I don't know...  This thing has got my goat. I've got to find out.
You mean, he might be hiding there?
He went away lots of times when I knew him - but he never closed his shop. I've got a hunch something is up.
Why shouldn't be close it? He went away.
I've got hunch.  I'm going down to look at Wynant's shop, I want to find out why it's closed.
What are you going to do?
Looks like a hold-up!
What's that?  What are you up to?  Nickie - what is this?
We're going sightseeing -- aren't we, Asta?
He's just been for a walk.
I'm going to take Asta for a walk.
I wish they'd stop that.  It makes me fidgety. Do you think they'll find him, Nick?  He must be in New York....  Where do you think you're going?
Catch me letting you go alone!
This may be a little rough - you'd better let us go alone.
Come on, Watson, we're going places.
So am I.
No reason.  Just a hunch.  But I'm going to find out.  I'm tired of being pushed around.
Why don't you?
I don't believe he did it.
But Wynant --- ?
Maybe I will.
The mystery's all gone. And I wanted you to find out who did it.
What's the matter with you?
What's the trouble, Asta?  Your balloon busted?  So's mine.
All right, hard guy.  Get up and bleed on the rugs.
You talk as if I were Asta.
Sit down!
It's not going to hurt me to get up.
Well, that's that.  Stay there, Nick!
Yes.  It's Asta's Christmas present.
Oh, it's a fire hydrant.
Oh take it!  Please take it!
Your guess is as good as mine.
He wouldn't ask you to handle it if he were guilty.
I don't know.
Philadelphia.  Then he didn't do it, did he, Nick?
Let's see.  Where's it from?
Nick, listen.  From Clyde Wynant!  "Will you take charge of investigation on Julia Wolf murder. Communicate with Herbert Macaulay".
Yes.
Did I give it to you?
Yes.
Is that another Christmas present?
I'm stifling, but it's so pretty.  The Kirbys.
Aren't you hot in that?
Macaulay.
Who's that?
Hello... send him up.
That's not true.  He never came near my tabloids.  That's one thing I always protect... my tabloids.
I read you were shot five times in the tabloids.
Yes.  I know all they know about the murder. And I'm a great hero. The Tribune said I was shot twice.
Finished with these?
You must admit I have good taste.
You did.
Who gave it to you?
No.  It's a Christmas present.
I never saw that before.
Well, didn't you?
On it!  I'm in it ... They think I did it!
He's got more sense than you have. Thank Heaven you're not on this case.
You're a fine watch dog.
He'll be here.  Give him time to get his trousers on.  Where's Asta?  Asta!  Asta!
I wish that doctor'd come.  How do you feel?
Yeah.
Want a drink?
I'll be all right. Don't let's fuss till the doctor comes.
I'll get some towels. 
Sure -- I don't even feel it.
Well, quick -- get into bed.  Are you all right?
There's one coming.
Someone get a doctor.
It's all right.  It just grazed me.
All right... shoot!  I mean... what's on your mind?
You idiot!  Asta! Stop that!  Get down!  Now, stay there.
That's great.  I was afraid I'd have to go to sleep.
Nick!  Nick!  There's someone to she you,
You'll have to keep them anyway. The man at the Aquarium said that he wouldn't take them back.
What are you going to give me?  I hope I don't like it.
Breakfast.
But it's Christmas now.
At breakfast.
I think I would like that drink.  I'll give you your Christmas present now if you'll give me mine.
Darling, my guess is that Wynant killed Julia and Dorothy knows it. And the police'll catch him without my help.
She thinks you can. It wouldn't hurt you to find out if you could, would it?
There's nothing I can do to help her.
That poor girl is in a tough spot.
Tomorrow I'll buy you a whole lot of detective stories.
I'd like to see you work.
They were kidding you.
Everybody says you were a grand detective.
Maybe it would if I took it.
No thanks.
Maybe a drink would help you.
No.
Can't you get to sleep?
Don't you think you'd like to go back to detecting once in a while, just for the fun of it?
That's jolly.
Good. I want to talk to you.
Yes.
Nick!  Nick!  Are you asleep?
Too bad you didn't bring your whip.
She didn't tell me a thing.
Nothing, 'til I find out if it's the gun Julia Wolf was killed with.  Keep her in here, and don't let those reporters see her. They might believe her.
What are you going to do with it?
She brought it in.  Trying to make me believe she did it.
Where did you get that?
Rye.
What are you drinking?
Isn't that my drink?
I wonder if they've --  I don't want to hear anything about it.
Sounds like a good case.  Girl mysteriously murdered.  No one knows who did it.  They haven't found any clues yet -- no gun -- no fingerprints --
Room service, please -
I haven't the time.  I'm much too busy seeing that you don't lose any of the money I married you for.
I'd better order some food.  That sounds like an interesting case.  Wouldn't you like to take it?
We need ice.
Come on -- relax --  Give them a drink.
Santa Claus.
Who's that?
Take it easy.
I can't lie here.  I've got to get up and trim that darned Christmas tree.
That last Martini.
What hit me?
Six Martinis.  You're not going to have anything on me.
Six Martinis.
How many drinks have you had?
Much better, thanks.
By the way, how is your father's side?
I was hoping I wouldn't have to tell you.  Dorothy is really my daughter.  You see, it was Spring in Venice, and I was so young.  I didn't know what I was doing.  We were all like that on my father's side.
Who is she?
Only you, darling...  lanky brunettes with wicked jaws.
You got types?
If you like 'em like that.
Pretty girl.
As long as there isn't a fire hydrant.  What I've gone through --
He's well-trained.  He'll behave himself.
You might have mentioned me first.
Oh, this is Andy --
I thought so.  He even tried to drag me into the gentlemen's --
I had him out this morning.
He's dragged me into every gin mill on the block.
Hello, baby.
So it's you he was after!
You shouldn't let that keep you from telling truth, Mimi.  Mrs. Jorgensen -  Were you ever divorced from Chris Jorgensen?
That's what Mr. Wynant said to me. If she re-married, all the money was to go to the children.
No... no.
I'm sorry.  Tanner, don't you want some wine?
Police!
You can save that and tell it to the police.  They'll be here in a minute.
Mr. Charles - she did - that's why he got sore at her and killed her. Listen, Mr. Charles --  I did do a little chiseling.  I come to bring it back and fix up the books.  I didn't want him to find out and come after me -
Trying to put it off on her?
Honest, Mr, Charles.  I never touched that safe.  Them bonds that were missing... Julia took them.
Somewhere's where they might go out and leave the safe open?
That time you sent me up last ... I learned book-keeping at Sing Sing.  I figured it might be an in for me somewhere's.
Well, that's a hot one.  You a bookkeeper!  When were you ever a bookkeeper?
Yes, sir.  Julia Wolf got me a job as bookkeeper.
You worked here?
I had a key. I worked here... till they closed the shop.
How did you get in here?
No, Mr. Charles.
Come on out, now.  He won't hurt you.  Back to your old tricks, eh, Tanner?
I wouldn't know.  That time he caught me was a accident.  I led with my right.
Was he a good detective?
He's a good guy.  He sent me up the river once.  Hey, Nick!
Yes.
You his wife?
Yes.  Nick!
Nick Charles here?
Oh, yes -- yes -- that's right -- 
You're forgetting the check for your suitcase.  It's at the Grand Central.
Maybe she has.
Maybe Miss Wolf has them.
I know I left them there.
Bonds, sir?
I'm going to give her a wedding present.  Thought I'd better do it now, before I forget it.  I can drop them on my way to...  That's funny....  Where are those bonds?
Well, congratulations.
You did.
Who fired you?
I'm fired.
Home?
Home!
Where are you going?
I don't care what you wanted to tell me.  You're through!  Get your things and get out!
I just wanted to tell you...
Two weeks work gone for nothing.
I'm sorry...  but...
Nobody's going to hurt you.
Please, I beg of you.  The American army is there.  I am Iraqi.  They will kill me.
Turn the car around.
This road, it leads straight to Kuwait.
What's in the other direction?
Baghdad.
Where were you going?
Y-yes.
You speak English?  DO YOU SPEAK ENGLISH!?
It's like I said; you don't really know lieutenant John Epps very well, do you?
Looks like at the end of the day we finally find out who's better than who, don't we, Epps?  Like I said; I expected more from you.
If I give it to you, will you let us go?
Give it to me!
If I don't answer, he'll know something's up.
So you can give us away?
I have to answer him.
Just keep quiet.
You don't know John Epps very well, do you?
They'll kill you.  You won't make it ten feet before they cut you down.
That's just what things came to. Sometimes you can't help that.  It doesn't change me respecting you.  And now you let me down.  I expected more from you, you know?  I really did.  I expected you to--
That why you tried to put a bullet in my head in the middle of the desert.
You disappoint me, Epps.  Always figured you to be a man; a real bright guy.  I had respect for you.
Tell me something, Wes.  Are you crazy, greedy, or just stupid?  Jaeger says you're crazy.
Thanks for taking care of this for me.
Look, I know you guys are telling the truth.  It's just the Shi'ites don't know that.  I guess you could tell them...but then you don't speak the language do you?
Wes--
Sure, and I guess it was just convenient there was one less person to split the gold with.
Wes, we thought you were dead, and we thought we were next.  Hanging around to get killed wouldn't have done anyone any good.
We thought--
In the flack jacket.  Still like getting hit in the back with a baseball bat. Took the air right out of me, but I was just unconscious for awhile.  'Course, you didn't stick around to find that out. You left me for dead.
Nothing about him, unless he's got a problem about me dealing with you.
What about Jaeger?
Then I suppose it'd be insurrection, and I suppose I'd have to kill you.  I suppose.
Suppose I don't go for that?
I'm the one's got the big stick.
And let me guess who is.
Without that navicam looks to me like you forfeit the right to be in charge.
Lot of good you were when I was sinking in the sand.
No navicom.  A lot of good you are now, Epps.
What if I do?
We been down this road.  I told you how it is.  Unless you feel like there's something you want to do about it...
In the service you do, but we're not particularly in the service right now. Way I see it, what we're doing, that doesn't particularly give you the right to toss orders around.
I out rank you, that's why.
You've got an awful lot of orders in you. Always giving orders.
Get out of my way.
No.
Then step aside.
It's murder, and I won't be any part of it.
It's a combat action.
I've got no stomach for murder.
I'm not going to leave him be just so he can stab us in the backs the minute we turn around.  I have been through too much to lose it all now just because the two of you don't have the stomach to do what has to be done.
He tried to kill us.  If not just now, then in the helicopter.  That's all the authority I need.
We are not at war!  You and I and Jaeger are AWOL.  We have no authority--
We're at war.
I'm not going to let you kill him.
He's an enemy soldier.
You're out of your mind.
You don't know he isn't.
You don't know that.
That's what he says.  He could be a spy, or something.
You said he was a deserter.
We can't just leave him.  He'll run back to his outfit, report our position...
Doesn't matter.  Whatever he wanted he didn't get it.  We've got no need staying around here.  It's light enough.  Let's pack up and head out.
I don't care what he says, he wanted our gold.  Would have slit our throats if he had the chance.
He...he could have been watching us.
How's he going to want the gold?  He couldn't even know we had it.
Says he wanted food.  Liar.  He wanted the gold.
Why'd he come in our camp.
Says they were deserters, they were afraid to fight, don't believe in Saddam anyway.  They flew the gunship up here to hide out.  When they saw us they figured we were going to kill them, so they shot first.
I told you; don't push me around.
Stop it!
I told you.  He tried to steal our gold. He tried to kill us.
What happened?
Get off him!
He snuck in here thinking we were asleep, only I wasn't sleeping.  Would have slit our throats if I hadn't stopped him.
Get off him.
Then get up and do something about it.
You got no reason to hit me.  I'm getting tired of you and Jaeger pushing me around.
I told you:  When I straighten someone out they stay straightened.  This is how it works:  Nobody touches the gold. Except when we're on the move and someone's carrying it, nobody so much as opens the pack to get an eyeful of it. Agreed?
You got no reason to do that!
Maybe I don't need your ideas.  Maybe I can do better on my own.
Maybe I do.
Maybe you've got ideas of your own for the gold.  Maybe you've already got things worked out.
You've had your say, Wes.  Now leave it.
You're the one with all the ideas.
What if we get separated?  Way I see it if something happens I want to be carrying my share.
We started this together, and we're staying together, so there's no point in splitting things up now.
Maybe we should split it up now.
What about it?
What about the gold?
It'll be too dark to make our way back now.  Let's bed down for the night and head out at first light.
All right.  I'll go up, then you send up the gold and--
You ready?
Ready when you are.
I don't think the line will take the weight of a man and the coins.  Wes!?  We'll send the gold up, then me and Jaeger'll climb back.
I heard!
Epps!
Got to have someone here in case we need help making it back up.  Doesn't hurt to have a look out either.
What am I supposed to do?
All right.  Let's break out some utility shovels, lanterns, and a claymore in case we have to do any blasting.  Me and Jaeger'll climb down, and see what we can see.
Move!
Missile!
So we wait.
And they can't fly around out there forever.
Weird they didn't chase us.
I don't know.  There's a lot of space up here.  They could be just about--
Where'd they go?
Basically.  But the map has been pretty precise so far.  I don't think it'll be too hard to--
Otherwise whatever we're looking for could be anywhere.
Got to be some kind of landmark; something distinctive.
What do you figure it to be?
Should be easy going from here.  Stay on the pass straight to the dot.
Let me see the map.
The US Army:  Always an adventure.
Picks up again just on the other side.
Probably was a couple of hundred years ago when whoever drew the map came through here.  Worn down to nothing now.
Not much of a pass.
We're not going to find anything standing here.  Let's get to climbing.
And find the treasure, and get it, and get back to the Humvee, and get the hell out of Iraqi without getting our heads blown off, but that's about it.
All we've got to do is make it to the top.
There's nothing we can do.  We shouldn't even be here in the first place.
We can't just go off and--
I don't want to see people killed any more than you.  But we try to help out we die, and all we do is die.
We can fight.  That's what we're here for:  To fight the Iraqis.  To help the Shi'ites, and the Khurds.
There's nothing we can do.
The soldiers are going to kill those people!
All right.  Let's get out of here.
Yeah.
Ready?
Should have at least gotten the map off of him.  Blows up with him then we did all this for nothing.
You just go when I say go.
What if it's a Valloro 69?  Just going to bounce right up out of the ground, explode in the air, kill him and us.
Break it out.
For climbing.
We've got rope?
Maybe that's all the Iraqis could afford, okay?  Maybe they got it on discount. Maybe the fuse is messed up.  Or maybe it's going to go off in two seconds, and we won't have to worry about getting Jaeger down off there, all we'll have to worry about is finding the pieces.
Should have blown already.  Delayed fuse, that's Vietnam stuff.
I don't know, and I wasn't about to mess with it.
What kind of mine?
How tough you have to be to make the army?  All you've got to do is shoot a gun, and stop a bullet.
He's an idiot, and he's not nearly as hard as he thinks.
He's not so--
Not much chance of that.  Jaeger's an idiot.
Maybe we are crazy for doing this.  But if we do it, we do it right.  I just needed to explain that in a way I wouldn't have to do it again.
Him getting us stranded out here doesn't do much good either.
You two fighting's not going to get us anything.
Low on gas.  Got to refill.
What are you doing.
They shouldn't have been out this way, that's all I'm saying.
Deserters would have run, they wouldn't have engaged.
This is miles from the battle lines. They were probably deserters.
We shouldn't have been here, Epps.  There is a war going on!
They shouldn't have been here.
Oh, Jesus, they've stopped.
Wha...
They stopped.
We're going to keep driving.
What are we going to do!?
No, please, not again.
Why, yes, Jaeger.  I believe it is.
I'd settle for being alive.  Really. Alive would be fine.
I know you think this is crazy, but a couple of hours from now you're going to be one rich dude trying to buy up every other puzzle box out there.
What?
Oh, God.
Yeah!  Welcome to beautiful Iraq.  Land of enchantment and riches.
I'm thinking about when this war is over. Why you figure I'm here?  'Cause I got tired of being president of GM?  If a brother doesn't play ball, or deal drugs there aren't too many big money prospects around, and I'm not particularly interested in spending the rest of my life fighting the oil companies' wars. So I say if maybe there's something out there, what the hell, that's what I say.
You're out of your minds, you know that? Both of you.  You don't even know if there's anything out there.  What the hell are you thinking?
Better grab up some sand to take home to your family.
Damn, this is sweet.  We are going to be home in no time.
A casual one.
There you go, Jaeger.  Just find the buried treasure, and you're a millionaire.
It's a map, I think that's what it is.
Help, I'm being held prisoner in a puzzle box factory.
What's it say?
It's a fortune box.
Paper.
Can you eat it?  If you can't eat it I really don't care what it is.
Well, based on my knowledge of the region, its culture and her people I would have to say it's a box.
I didn't learn Arabic because we were getting shipped here.  You don't learn it in a couple of weeks.  I studied it in high school.
Like learning Arabic?  You're gonna learn Arabic you might as well learn were we can get something to eat around here.
You know so much about the Middle East, you know where we can get something to eat.
...And it's very important when you sit down never to point the soles of your shoes at anyone.  It's considered offensive.
Not up to us.  Up to the Iraqis.  All they have to do is get out of Kuwait.
Think we're going to do it?  Think we're going to war?
He's going to slow down.
He's not slowing.
He'll slow down.
Epps, I don't think he's slowing down.
We'll make up some kind of lie.  They won't find the gold.
Well, this is it.  We get the car, find some Americans.  We find Americans we'll be all right.
That's what I hear.  Don't matter.  Girls go crazy everywhere for a man with gold.
Really?
I'd go to Australia.  Lot of land, not many people.  I think after this I'd like to quit people for awhile.  And the girls go crazy for brothers down there.
What?
Australia.
How the hell should I know?
I've never been anywhere.  I wouldn't know where to go.  Where would you go?
I don't know.
Still am.  There's more gold than I thought, and since there's only two of us now...  Where should I go?
Thought you were going to buy a car.
I'm thinking about taking a trip.
What?
Epps?
Don't make so much out of it.  Only reason I haven't figured a way to get all that money for myself is because I've been too busy figuring ways to stay alive.  Believe me; if I had a minute to catch my breath I might have played things the way you and Wes had.  I'm no better than anybody else.  I've just been busier.
Yeah.  Even after that.  You didn't take it out on me, except for maybe making me lie in the middle of the road now.  But I'd say you've been very fair.  I just think it's a hell of a man who can keep from going money simple.
Threatened to blow my brains out?
This whole time, you've kept your head. You didn't go money simple like me and Wes.  You've just been trying to figure how to get us out of here.  And you've been fair too.  I mean, even after I...you know...
Thanks.
I want you to know... I don't know.  I just think you're a hell of a guy.
Yeah.
Epps.
Then I'm a rich man.
Yeah, but why me?  What if the car doesn't stop?
Somebody has to.
Why do I have to lie in the road?
You lie in the middle of the road, look like you're hurt.  When the car stops I run over to the driver and put a gun to his head.
How do we do that?
A car's got to come along sooner or later.  When it does, we jack it.
Well?
You shouldn't think about things like that.  It'll just make you crazy.
What if it hadn't been Wes?  What if...I mean, accidently, what if I had...
We had a deal.  No one touches the gold until we're out of here.  No one breaks the deal, no one had anything to worry about.
But...
It's always been like that.  When you left me down in the crevice to send the gold up I figured I'd better...take precautions.  I rigged it to blow if anyone opened the pack.  Just in case somebody thought they could do better on their own.
When did you make the switch?
It wasn't the gold.  It was the claymore mine.  The gold's in my pack.
The...the gold...
Damn it.  We lost the horses.
We go this way.
Which way do we go!?
No, but I figure now's a real good time to start.
Can you ride a horse?
Me?  I say you don't have enough brains to be stupid.
I didn't say that.  I never said--
You were shot.  We were standing right there, you were shot!
...Wes...?
Maybe...maybe if we traded them the gold. If we gave it to them they might let us live; they might not kill us.
You come up with a better plan, let me know.
We can't just sit here waiting to die.
With what?  Against how many?
...Maybe...maybe we can fight our way out.
I don't know!
Why haven't they killed us!?
I don't know.  They killed Wes.
Is that good, or bad?
Shi'ites, I think.
What do you make of them?
We keep going, that's what we do.  We ignore them, maybe they ignore us.
What do we do?
Sun rises in the East.  We go the opposite direction.  May not find anything, but at least we'll know we're heading towards Saudi Arabia.
To where?
We can't stay here.  Even if that wasn't an Iraqi soldier it's only a matter of time before some show up.  Get all the water you can carry, and we'll head out on foot.
What do we do?
I don't know.  He didn't have a uniform on.  He...he had on white robes, like the guys who killed Wes.
An Iraqi?
Shoot them!
I just said I would.  I don't think I--
Don't go bitch on me now!  You were going to kill me.  Kill them!
I don't have a weapon.
Can't you--
Well, you're going to start with a bang, 'cause you've got four of them to take down.
I...I never killed anyone before.  I told you that.
And then shoot them.
And then what?
Slip out your M-16.
What are we going to do?
They must have thought we were Iraqi when you yelled to them.  They couldn't tell in the dark.
Oh, God...
They must be Saudis.  It's a Saudi checkpoint.  Oh sweet, Jesus.  Come on. Come on!
I don't know.  Something Wes had taught me.  I think it means "Don't shoot. We're your friends."
What did you say?
Probably.
That's if the war is even still going on. Way things were shaping up it's probably long over.
Hell, they'll probably just surrender to us.  Probably.
Even if they are Iraqis probably all they'll do is take us prisoner for awhile.  Got to figure we're still kicking their asses in the war.  They don't want any trouble.
Yeah, I guess we should.
Well, we should identify ourselves.
Well?
Epps.  What if they're not Saudi.
We can head back for our lines, and they don't even have to know about the gold.
Couldn't be Syria.  We couldn't have gone that far north.  It's got to be Saudi. Come on.
Which boarder?  Saudi?  Kuwait?  Syria?
Place all alone like that?  Must be a boarder check point.
What do you figure it is?
Yeah, but we made that deal while Wes was still alive.  He's gone.  Time for a new deal.
The deal was no one touches it until we get out of here.
I just want to look at it.  Remind me of what I'm dying for.
Don't you touch it.
You know what I'm going to do?  I'm just going to take a second.  I want to look at the gold.
We've got to keep moving while there's still light.
Just let me rest for a second.
No!
Epps...Epps!  I'm gonna stop for a second.
It's a desert.  That's what deserts do at night; they get cold.
Getting cold.
Okay.  Then we go this way.
I pick that way.
You sure you want me too?
We can't just sit here.  We've got to start moving, so pick.
It's got to be going better than this..
Wonder how the war's going?
If we can find the Hummer, or some friendlies by sundown we might be okay. We've got enough water for that.  But we won't make another day otherwise.
What do you think our chances are?
Damn.
Sorry.
I never had anything before, Epps.  I never was anybody.  Not the kind of somebody you can be with a pocket full of gold coins.  When I was in high school I used to--
It's all right.  I don't like it, but it's over now.
I know what I did just now was crazy, but you got to understand how much I want that gold.
Makes two of us.
I don't want to die.
Yeah.
Epps?
What?  Yeah.
You still got a map on you?
Really, I'm not.  Remember how I was talking I wanted to blow away all those Iraqis?  That's all it was was talk.  I was scared out of my mind to go to war. I still haven't gotten over stepping on that land mine.
Sure.
I never killed anybody before.  I talk a good game, but I'm not like that.
Yeah.  Well, me too.
I'm glad I didn't have to kill you.  I'm glad it didn't come to that.
Is it all right if I stand up?
I'm sorry about that, Epps.
That helicopter passes, and the only thing we're close to is death.
I don't want it this way.  I wouldn't kill you just to kill you, but I can't let you lose the gold for me.  Not when we're so close.
And you; you've got it all together.
I'm not like Wes.  Wes was crazy.
First Wes, now you?
They'll search the pack.
We'll lie.
They'll ask questions; want to know why we were out here.
What do you mean no?  They can fly us home.
No.
We need something:  A flare, a signal mirror.
No.
Then he will be when those Iraqis get to him.  He was going to kill you.  He was one blink away from it.  He's dead, Epps, and I'm sure as hell not getting my head blow off over his carcass.
What if he's not?
Wes is dead!
We can't just leave him.
Forget Wes.
We got to go back.  We got to go back for Wes.
We'll find our way!  We'll...
How!?
We'll find our way.
What are we going to do?  How are we going to find our way back!?
You think you can make that pass weighted down when you almost fell the first time you're wrong, and you're not going to take my share of the gold with you trying it.  We're heading Northeast.
It should, or it will?  Least going back the way we came we know what we're up against.
There's another pass on the photo.  We can avoid that narrow one we had to cross on the way up, and it should get us back down.
Northeast?  That's away from the Hummer; further into Iraqi.
We should head Northeast.
It stays as it is.  We're halfway home now.  Let's not blow it by people getting ideas.
Wes might be right about that.
Not when you're up here with the gold, I guess not.
Just had to get the pack unhooked from the line.  It didn't seem that long.
What the hell took so long.
Yeah.  Yeah, that'll work.
All right.  You go up, I'll send up the gold, then follow.
Someone's got to send the gold up.  It can't get on the line by itself.
I don't see how that plan's any better.
Jesus, Jaeger.
Why do I have to stay down here?
What's to stop him if he wanted to?  All he has to do is cut the line...
He's not going to leave us.
We send the gold up what's to stop him from taking off and leaving us down here?
What?
What?
Wait.
You don't have to imagine it.  Not anymore.  Now all you've got to think up is what it's going to buy you.
I wouldn't know.  I never imagined this. Not in my whole life did I ever imagine this.
It's not like I figured.  It's cold.  And it's heavier than I imagined.
Yeah, Bwana, you got it.
Is it dead?
It's just a mongoose.
It's giving.
Maybe we should blast it loose with the claymore.
I feel air.  Probably opens up outside somewhere.  That's where the light comes from.  Couldn't see it with the lanternon.
Must be a compartment.
Get up off your ass and dig!
We've been digging.  We've been digging for hours.  If there was anything here to find we would have found it.
Get up and dig.
I'm not.  And I'm not doing anything, because there's nothing down here.
It looks like you're not doing anything.
What does it look like I'm doing?
What are you doing?
So where do we start?
A whole lot of nothing.
Right now I wouldn't be surprised if Eartha Kitt showed up singing Send In The Clowns.
Think there might be more Iraqis?
If they land, we can take them.  If they don't land, then we've got nothing to worry about.
If they land--
They can't shoot us in here.
They're going to kill us!
We're not going to do anything.
What are we going to do?  What the hell are we going to do?
Just stay down.
Where the hell is it!?
Stay low.
Where is it?  Where'd it go?
I hope it means something, otherwise...
But the white dot in the middle; that's got to mean something.
Something like that.
X marks the spot.
So good bye, Shi'ites.  Thanks for playing.  We have some lovely parting gifts for you as you go.
Not enough.  We're out numbered and out gunned.  They'd cut us to shreds.
The Shi'ites are on our side?  I didn't know that.
They're doing more than slapping.
What are they doing in the middle of nowhere?
Well, it's Iraq.  I'm not sure, but I'm guessing that has something to do with them being here.
What are they doing here?
Iraqis.  A bunch of them.
Single shots doesn't mean a fire fight. That's not a battle going on.
It's a fire fight.
Don't!
Shut up and listen!
I don't hear any--
Yeah, I understand.  Wes doesn't want to come along in the first place, but he gets a third of the find.  That's a sweet deal.
I didn't have to stop anything, 'cause nobody was going to do nothing.  We're in this together, understand?
Just figure it's my map, I ought to hang on to it.
You're not losing trust, are you?
It's the treasure, that's what it is.
This.  Whatever it is.
If we step on a mine we'll know it was. Let me see the maps.
You don't know that.  It could be a trick.
Wes is right.  If there were any more mines we would have found them.  Hell, that one you stepped on was probably old anyway; left over from the war with Iran.
You're going to blow yourselves up.
Don't let me die, Epps.  I don't want to die.
When we start running suck up your breath.  You're going to get the wind knocked out of you.
You're not going to let me die, are you!? Don't let me die!
You're going to be fine.
That's going to do it, right?  I'm going to be okay.
Me and Wes each going take an end of the rope, run our asses of, and yank you off the mine.
How's this going to work?
It falls asleep and you die, so wake it the hell up.
I'm the one who can feel my leg, and it's falling asleep.
It's not falling asleep.  You've only been standing there for three minutes.
My leg is falling asleep.
Epps, my leg is falling asleep.
I said nobody dies.  Nobody dies.
Epps...
There's a way.
I said be cool, all right?  Now be cool!
You're moving away because it's going to blow up, isn't it!?  It's going to blow up!
We're going to be right over here.
Why you got to move away to talk!?
Me and Wes are just going to talk.
Where you going?
We're going to get off, all right.  We'll get you off of there.  Just...be cool.
How'm I gonna relax standing on a mine!?
Just relax.
It's a mine, isn't it?
Just be cool.
Oh, God!  Oh God!
I heard it.
If you stepped on a mine you'd be dead by now.  Nobody uses delayed-fuse mines anymore.
I heard it click.
You didn't step on any mine.
Mine.  Land mine!
What?
Mine.
What!?
I'm just going to have a little sip, that's all.  Just a sip.
Don't drink up all of yours, 'cause you aren't getting any of ours.
I'm gonna...I'm just gonna stop for a little water.
Yeah.  I know.  I'm with you.
Faster we get there, faster we get back.
Hey...hey!  Slow up.  You don't have to go so fast.
I got that...sir.
SAY IT!
We leave it.
What do we do with the Humvee?
I didn't miss it.  I figured if you knew one of the reserves got hit you'd want to turn back.
And you missed this?  How are you going to miss something like this?
...I know.
Look at it.  LOOK AT IT!  Shot to hell. It's been leaking gas since the fire fight.  I told you to check for damage.
Millionaires, man.
It'd make their heads explode.
I know.  I know.  But I'm saying, if they knew.  We're going to be millionaires, man.  Millionaires!
You can't tell anybody about this.
I'm just thinking, you know, if the rest of the boys knew what we're doing.  I mean if they knew what we were coming back with.
What?
Let's go.
Yeah.  Yeah, she's fine.
She okay?
I steady it out, they blow us out of the sand!
Steady it out!
Look at you, not even breaking a sweat. You're cool, boy.  You're cool.
Figure they don't want to mess with us anymore than we want to mess with them.
It's the only way.  We drive!
They're not going to--
We run they'll shoot us anyway.  If we keep driving they might think we friendlies; Iraqis.  Or even if they know we're Americans they might get scared, think we're part of a detachment and keep on going.
They'll shoot us!
We can see them, they can see us.  We run, they chase.
We've got to do something.  We've got to turn around.
Shut up!  Both of you shut the hell up!
TAKE THE GODDAMN BINOCULARS!
Wh-what do you think--
Take the binoculars.
You know, you sound just like a boy who's never--
And I'm talking about enjoying myself.
It's not about being fun.  It's about being smart.  You take that money, you take care of it, let it grow, and you don't ever have to do anything again. Ever.  That's freedom.  That's what I'm talking about.
Oh, that's fun.
Invest it.
What are you going to do with your <u>third</u>?
You're getting gold, and you're going to blow it on wheels?
A car?  You're going to buy a car?
Yeah.  I meant... You know what I'm going to do with it?  I'm going to buy a Sixty- three 'Vette Stingray.  All tricked out and cherry.  I'm going to be so sweet.
Third.  What you're going to do with your third.
You know what I'm doing with my part of the gold?
But that's the great thing about Gold.  A little goes a long way.
Cool it, Jaeger.  Hey, Wes?  Wes?
You're such a pussy, you know that? How'd you get in the army?
Roger that.
Now this is war.
We go, we get rich, we go home.  It's that easy.
It's going to be cool, Wes.  It's all all right.
But we all got to be in for this.  We all go, or we do nothing.
We disappear for awhile.  We disappear, we came back; nobody knows nothing.
It's war.  People get lost all the time in war, cut off--
What we're doing is kicking ass.  For God's sake they got Iraqis surrendering to news crews.  The war is over.  We've just got to keep shooting people 'cause the army spent all this money, and we've got to put on a show for the taxpayers.
And you know what that area is?  It's Iraq.  IRAQ!  We're doing a little thing with them right now; Desert Storm.  Maybe you've read about it.
Christ!  Wes, tell him.  You know this stuff.
Wellllll, if you read it it must be true. Was it in the Star, or the Enquirer?
Just listen to me!  I've been doing some reading.  In the Sixteenth century this region was invaded by the Turks.  It became part of the Ottoman empire.  When the Turks rolled in they raped, they pillaged, the usual stuff.  Anybody who had anything wanted to hide it from these bastards.  They buried their treasures, drew maps, and hid the maps in puzzle boxes.  I read about this, man.  I read about it.
I think you've got some issues to deal with.  Really, when we get out of here I'm pretty sure it's shrink time for you.
Wait.  Wait.
Don't even.  You're not going to show me that tired map.
I'd like to go home alive with a couple of Iraqi scalps hanging from my belt.
Everybody's got a job to do.  Figure it this way:  At least you get to go home alive.
They finally start the ground war, and where are we?  Same place we've been since we got here.  Securing freedom for the dirt.
Yeah, that's exactly what I think.  You and the five thousand other suckers who bought those boxes.  Let's get out of here.  We got sand to protect.
You think?
I did it!  I got the box open.
What!?  What!?
OH MY GOD!
You all want to lay off?  God.  I hope the Iraqis shoot me; put me out of my misery.
I've got to have something to tell people when I get home besides I protected a stretch of dirt that nobody wanted for nothing in the first place.
Why you in such a hurry to get to shooting?
This is stupid.  It's going on a month now.  How long are they going to let the Air Force piss on those bastards?  They can bomb them all they want, Saddam ain't going anywhere without a ground assault. What the hell is the army waiting for?
There might be.
Yeah, the deed to the Brooklyn bridge.
There might be something in there.
Oh, man, you're not going to fall for that.
Blow me.  Have I said that to you guys recently?  Blow me.
Don't worry about Jaeger.  He uses his personality as a form of birth control.
Another month in this desert and I might just.
Blow me.
You know what?  I think you got Schwarzkopf.  You did!  You got the General right in the ass.  Now that's good shooting.
No you're not.
I told you, I'm shooting Iraqis.
Ready for what?  What are you supposed to be doing?
Don't get pissed at me, just 'cause I want to be ready when this war starts.
Knock it off!
At-at-at-at-at.
What does it look like I'm doing?  I'm killing Iraqis.  At-at-at-at-at.  At-at- at-at--
What are you doing?
At-at-at-at-at.  At-at-at-at-at.
Saddam's got a boil on his ass?
They're all good ones.  Satellites we've got can snap a shot of the boil on Saddam's ass.
Some good ones.
The photos.
Ready for what?  Sight-seeing?
Just...want to be ready when we do.
Planning on going to war all by your lonesome?
I could use some recon photos too.
That shouldn't be too hard to read.  Iraq is the pink thing.
A map?  All I got is maps.  I'm gonna have Delayed Map Syndrome when I finally get out of here.  What kind of map you need?  Topographical, geographical, thermal?
I'm looking for a favor.  I need a map of Iraqi.
Hey, Jaeger.  What's up.
Woods.
You actually got around to killing someone.  I'm impressed.  I guess you're only half a bitch.
We had to take shelter in the checkpoint. Jesus, Wes, I killed the Iraqis in there.
When my Shi'ite friends saw that they had shot an American they were very apologetic.  Turns out we've been kicking ass in this little war.  They figure we've finally gotten Saddam off their backs.  They brought me to their camp, cleaned me up, fed me... I'm their new best buddy.  America number one, Joe. But there's something the Shi'ites can't figure out:  They can't figure out why my two buddies, two fellow Americans, left me out in the desert.  They can't seem to figure out what those same two guys were doing in an Iraqi outpost.  It's almost as if they were Iraqi spies, or something.  And I've got to tell you they hate anything that's got to do with the Iraqis.  See how I mean?
Probably shot a few.  Scattered the rest. Murderers.
Think the Iraqi's killed them all?
The white reflects the sun; it keeps you cooler.  That's why they wear them.
You're going to burn up in those.
You want to say some words?
Maybe we ought to...you know, bury him. Say some words over him.
He'd just slow us down, and drink our water.  And if we ran into any more Iraqis you know he'd sell us out.
So we'll take him with us.  At least 'til we get back to the Hummer.
I'm not wasting my water on him.
I think he wants something to drink.
All last night he could have been--
Maybe we should give him some water.
He lived through that?
Says he's one of the soldiers that was in the helicopter.
He's a soldier.  He doesn't need a weapon.  He's got rocks.  He's got bare hands.
With what?  He doesn't have a weapon.
I think we found something.
What the hell are you doing!?
What do you see?
Yeah, we're down.
You down?
Guess we know what the next stop is.
It's got a bottom.
Lines up with the map and the photos.
What do you think?
Just seems weird they didn't chase us.
Maybe they're as scared of us as we are of them.
We make it, or we go back empty handed.
Think we can make it?
I've got a new agenda now, it's get rich. The only way the Iraqis figure into that is not at all.
You're the one wanted to kill Iraqis so bad.
Funny you should say that while we're out looking for gold.
We're American soldiers.  We don't abandon people.
We have to do something.
So?
I know you're a pussy.  I know that.
Is there anything you do know?
Those people down there are Shi'ites. You've got Shi'ites in the south of Iraq and Khurds in the North.  Neither of them've got much love for Saddam. Probably figured once the war started there might be an uprising, so he sent his soldiers out to slap them around some.
Jesus!  What the hell did he do that for? They're Iraqis.  Why are Iraqis killing Iraqis?
Anytime you want to do something about it just let--
I'm getting tired of you riding me, Jaeger.
Probably would've too if Epps wasn't around to stop you.
If all we wanted was the map out of you we could have taken it while you were standing on that mine pissing on yourself.
You want to crawl, crawl.
That don't mean nothing.  Iraqis could have just spread them out like that; make us think we're in the clear.
Haven't found a mine for half a mile, or more.
Until we're out of the mine field is how long.
How long we going to keep this up.
Doesn't matter.  We're not going to be able to get him off it anyway.
Epps...
You have to go with us.  You can't walk back...
Really?  What is that, an order, <u>private</u>?
You have to go with us, Wes.
You two don't even know how crazy you are.  You want to go on your sick, little treasure hunt then go ahead, but mark me absent.
As soon as we hit the mountain we would have had to go on foot anyway.  We're not that far.  We can make it.
Then lets go back while we still can.
We're not stranded.  We've got enough gas in the other reserve to get us back.
...I figured...I figured you'd turn back.
So, you just let us drive on knowing we were losing fuel?  Knowing we were going to run low in the middle of nowhere?
We just about got killed.  You know what happened?  We just about got killed, and you want to go on?
We're not going anywhere.  Not 'til we get what we came for.
We have to go back.
We got to get out of here.
Yeah, well, we're not.
I thought we were dead.
You see that?  Right by us.  They went right by.  You had them Epps; you called it.
I think I'm going to throw up.  I am. I'm going to toss.
Yeah!  Yeah!
They're not...I had the pictures. They're not supposed to be here!
Oh, Jesus!
Two vehicles.  They're not supposed to be here.
Oh, God!
Iraqis.
A car is not just a car where I come from.  I had this friend, had this wicked candy apple red Sixty-four and a half Mustang--
This is too much.  You don't even have the money and you're wasting it.
You know what I'm doing with my half?
If there's gold.  If!
How the hell should I know how much?
Yeah!  Gold!  How much?
I don't know.  It would be small, easy to transport and hide.  Gold or jewels. Probably gold.
Yeah.  If.  Whatever.  What kind you figure it is?
If!  If there's a treasure.
Hey, Wes, what kind of treasure you figure these people buried?
Oh, no.
Epps, is that a sand dune.
Hell, we'll just buy our way out.
We're going to get court martialed, you know that.
Yes!
God!  I don't believe I'm doing this.  I don't.
You're insane if you think you'll find anything, and sure insane if you think you can get us there and back alive.
You know it's real.  You know it's real, and you know it's there.  You know it.
Epps, you're smarter than this.  Jaeger I understand, but you're smarter.
So you just want to cross into hostile territory in the middle of a war on a wild goose chase?  It's crazy.  Tell him it's crazy, Epps.
It's real.  I'm telling you, it's real.
It's not a hundred miles.  It's a hundred miles through three different kinds of terrain:  Pure desert, mountains, a river.  If the map is even real.
It's about a hundred miles from where we are now.  How long do you think it would take us to--
You don't know where the Iraqis have moved to.  And our forces haven't even engaged the Republican Guard yet, we don't know--
It's right here.  This region; an-Nagaf. I got recon photos.  There're no troops there, no fighting--
You're not saying what I think you're saying.  I can't believe you're even thinking it.
With...with millions.  Millions of dollars.
What?
We...we could go home with something else.
Those soldiers have got loafers on.  What kind of army gives their soldiers loafers?
That's it.  It's over.  Eighteen hours into the war and it's over.
It's a container.  Break the seal.
It's...it's...I don't know what it is.
You know what, Wes?  If you get a note from your mommy they might excuse you from the war.
The longer the air force hits the Iraqis, the safer it'II be for us when we have to engage.
At-at-at-at-at.
This is so weird.  It's happening, but it's not.  It's like a TV show, and we're part of it.
At-at-at-at-at.
The only thing I worry about is how much Iraqi ass I'm going to be able to kick before this whole thing is over.  The only people who I've got anything to worry about are the poor, dumb camel jockeys who don't know enough to get out of the way when I come rolling at them; an M-16 in each hand, and a grenade between my teeth.  Now if you'll excuse me, soldier, I'd like to get back to my box.  I've got a treasure to find.
You ever think about it?  You ever worry?
Come on, man.  I almost had this thing open.
You ever think about dying?
What!?
Jaeger?
Why would they do all that if we weren't?
It doesn't mean anything.
We're going to war, aren't we.  If they're doing all that it must mean we're going to war.
What's your point, Wes?  You have a point?
They're cancelling all leaves, all passes.  No more drills.  We stand at full ready starting--
Like I said; so?
That's in two days.
Yeah.  So?
You know the fifteenth is the deadline for the Iraqis to get out of Kuwait.
What?
Jaeger?
I don't care if there's a lump of coal in here.  I just want to be able to rub Epps' face in it when I crack this thing.
You really think there's a treasure inside?
I'll show Epps.  He'll be sorry when I get this thing open.
You will.  You'll get it.
Naw, nothing.
You get it yet?
I could.
And you're the guy who's going to open it.
For real?  A treasure?
It's a puzzle box.  If you can figure out how to open it there's supposed to be a treasure inside.
Yeah, you're funny.
He says it's a box.
What is it?  You know so much about Arabland tell me what it is.
Now you need me.
What is this?
Don't even try it.  You offend a woman out here you're in serious trouble.
How do you say "Come here, baby.  I'm horny."  I can use that now.
Don't shoot me, I'm friendly.  You can use that when you surrender.
What does that mean?
I thought it would be good to know.
Spanish wasn't hard enough?
I'm just trying to help you guys out.  It doesn't hurt to know something about Saudi Arabia.
It was an accident.  You saw it was an accident.
Come on.  You're going to get us in trouble.
Oh yeah.  Accidently.
I'm saying don't do it accidently.
When do you ever point the soles of your feet at people?
People were suffering in Afganistan, and we didn't do anything.
People are suffering.
I don't think we'll go to war.  We shouldn't even be here.  This isn't our fight, it's a regional conflict.  It should be decided regionally.
We ought to kick their asses anyway. Even if they do get out of Kuwait we ought to kick their asses.
Okay.
Yes.  Yes.  That's exactly it.  Yes.
I'm making you uncomfortable.  Baking away in a desert in the middle of nowhere facing three-hundred-thousand screaming Iraqis with nerve gas scud missiles, that doesn't bother you.  But me making a little noise is driving you out of your skull.
Yeah, a headache.  My head hurts.  You're making me uncomfortable.
A headache?
Could you stop, please.  You're giving me a headache.
No, Tetanty.
Vocasity
4000 degrees is usually the point of....?
No, evidently you reversed the polarity on his lobal travel. Secure another sinex drop.
Control ON.
Too low.
4732...?
Hurry up.
See if you can get a reading on tactal retention.  Try to estimate it without a meter reading.
What happened?
HUMMMM.....
Correct.
Permant cortex bond.
A sinex drop reading of less then 2000 degrees with an accompanying loss of greater then 350 degrees since admission may indicate....?
Correct.  Now secure a sinex drop reading.
Drug evasion with assorted perversions
triple three, triple three! easy.....
Drug evasion with....
Violation?
Birth born....UMMM...Sexact.
Correct.  Origin?
Stress category.
Cortex bonding....possible temporary.  Before you report a possible equipment malfunction, you check the subjects....?
I can't hear him.
No!...No!...
THX!
It's wrong; so wrong, what we've done....
I'm not afraid...I'm not afraid.
It's the end.
Oh, THX... hold me, hold me, THX holds her tightly, tears in his eyes.  They kiss, and LUH hides her head in THX's chest.
no...no, no.
No one can see us now we're alone.
They're watching us now.
They don't know.
They know.  They've been watching us.  I can feel it.
AH UGH.
Are you all right?
Don't let them separate us.
It's all right now, shhhh it's all right.
We could leave, and live in the superstructure....
Then what?  It can't go on forever. You know it can't.
I know you can do it without sedation, You can, I know you can.
If I take something, you suffer. If I don't, I stuff....
You don't know.  You don't....
I couldn't turn you in, not now. I....I know I wouldn't!
I've got a slip movement to install on my next shift.  I'll never make it the way I am now.
If you....if you go back on sedation, you won't feel the same way about me.  You'll report me for drug evasion.
I don't know.
What are you doing?
I don't want to lose you.
I can't go on like this.  I can't....  I don't just sit around and watch people.  If I make a mistake, it's all over.  You see it every day.  Do you want to see me taken away in pieces?
But...you...
What do you think you're doing? You're going to get us arrested.
On the cervix transfer, you almost lost the T297.
What?
You slipped on a T297 transfer just before lunch, didn't you?
You're not cleared for this precinct.  Let's cross over first.
No....I though  I'm afraid.
What are you doing here?  Is anything wrong?
Promise...please don't THX leaves the room.
I'll try.
Don't take anything.
They'll come for me right away if I'm not there.  I have to go.
No!  Don't go.
Three!  I'm going to be late for my shift.
It's 3+27 hundred
I said what time is it?  How long was I out?
What?
What time is it?
But it's so hopeless...you're so beautiful.
I was so scared...I didn't know what would happen with you...once I started.  I almost let you go on so many times.  It will be worth it, together.  When I was alone, I knew.
What?...Oh, no, THX.  That's not true.  Not satisfied?  THX, I need you so much.
Now...now, I'm sorry...don't - don't....please.  It's just... I was happy.  Why get me involved? You told SEN that you weren't satisfied with me.
Looks like food.
That's not food.  Can't be food.
Look, food!
Looks like dirt.
That's not dirt...Can't be dirt.. Dirt is a violation.
Look,dirt!
I've never been under the table before.
Don't be so sure.
I haven't done anything.
I didn't.  You asked me about the card.  You're going to get us into trouble.
Then why did you bring it up?
No, don't make trouble.  It's nothing.
You don't have to... I don't trust him.  You ought to file a report.
I have to... he's a G-34
Don't go.
I don't know.
A shift change should come through the scheduling office.
He wants me to come to his quarters.
Now?
Now.
When?
I have to see SEN.  I've just been given a shift change.
What did you get?
Eat your dinner.
You know I don't feel well.
You've seen enough.
What's this?  Why did you change it?
What's the matter with you?
No, your going to eat it, or it will go to waste.
Well it's fixed, so you'll have to eat it.
I'm not hungry.
It seems I am destined to endure many frustrations....but at the same time I am secure in the knowledge that the thrust of my studies has been in the right direction, and that even if it remains incomplete, my search has not been in vain.
There goes another of your disciples.
A shelldweller.  They live in the outer shell of the city.  Quite unique, there have been two here before.  They smell.
Good Lord!
What?
But we need a creative dissent. Our voices are not joined in any harmonious chorus, but the differences are differences of emphasis, not of fundamentals. Now, the new alignment's greatest need is to communicate with all its elements, rather than march along in parallel line that never converge.  Tomorrow as we focus the new movement more clearly, we will gain a new unity.
What are you talking about? When did you sleep last?  Do you know what your trouble is? You're blind.  You've been here so long you can't see what is happening.  We must unite.  We need unity.  We need action. ) We have come to a time when we must....
You always manage to avoid the issue:  What's wrong with our present condition?  We're COMFORTABLE and we have plenty of food...I feel absolutely no threat because there is no threat. Why incite trouble?  You should examine your emotions.  It is senseless...
I've said many times before, and I guess I'll have to repeat it again for your...
Then why are they holding us here? Why don't they destroy us right away?  Economically, it's not sound at all.  Very much unlike....
But you can't.  We must escape.
THX and me.
Who?  Who's leaving?
We're leaving.
What?
We're leaving.
What's going on....what are you doing?
We cannot stay here and allow ourselves to be destroyed.  You can work with us.  An organized plan of escape must be devised first.  Could you see anything?  You want to leave.  You're not like them.  You must have left something, or someone.
I thought you were through with it!
Incredible!
We must escape.  We have plans. We can leave.  We must wait until...
It may seem ridiculous to the untrained mind, but if you were able to interpret the calculations you would see that an apparent paradox is actually a perfect and elegant system in concept and design.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
Ask him about the air.  He looks out of breath.
Wait!  I'll talk to him.
I wonder how far he went.  He's gathered invaluable information out there.
He's coming back for the rest of us.  He can't make it alone.
Impossible!
I can just barely see him.  I think he's leaving.
No one could have imagined anything one-thousandth as fantastic as the sober facts uncovered by patient inquiry.  This world is in a state of static-mobility:  we are at the same time moving and standing still.
What?
I've got it!  Astounding!
On the contrary!  It absolutely proves what I have always felt. We are located in an apparently uniform space with no visible limits.  We are just now beginning to push back the clouds of ignorance and perceive the truth.  We must continue the search.
Not very encouraging.
Out of a random selection of 150 locations with 150 possible sightings, there were 146 absolute negatives and four conditionals, most of which occurred in the early familiarization stages of the experiment and can be largely discounted.
Well?
You have nothing to fear.  You're safe again.
How far did you go?  Was it cold?
No, look!  Three degrees from the central azimuth.
I can't see him at all.  He's been destroyed.
Look!
What?
But you can't...you.
Right now.
When?.....How?
I'm leaving.
What?
I'm leaving.
Get out of here, Leave me alone.
Listen to me....You have no need to distrust me.  We're going....
I'll report you.  It's....
You know I have a way with the computers.  I can clear myself for any area.....almost.
What are you doing here?  You're not cleared for this area!
I don't feel well.
I won't have another mate like ONA.  You rate very high in sanitation.  I've checked.  In fact, I am surprised that you were ever matched with LUH.  Her ratings are very erratic - you know what I mean.  We'll be happy.
Don't say that.  You look...  You're not well.
You're in violation.
We had a long talk and she agreed that it would be a good idea for you to switch.  She felt that you had not been accurately mated to her in the first place... You're upsetting yourself.  Would you like something?
I don't understand. Living....selection is computed. You can't... What have you done to LUH?  She was here..
It will be good for both of us. I've got it all arranged.
Where's LUH?
I want you for my roommate.
What's going on?
Why are you so concerned?
Why did you have LUH come here?
What?
Where is LUH?
I'm sure it's warmer in her than outside, though.  I haven't been out yet, but it usually is...the control is fouled... 
I thought of something.....
Just look at all those people.
Save yourself....
What do you want?
I'm sorry.
I'm only trying to help you.
No...no you're wrong.
Look more closely.
Where's LUH?
Remember this...?
All right...
You don't know that!
No......  She's dead THX........
She's not there
No?
That's not it.
Shut up.
Soon he'll be a plastic cube.
I knew him.
No!....
This one has eyes.  Why did they leave your eyes? Could you ever....
All the insides are gone!
Would you like part of this? ....It's not much.
I'm all right THX rises and they begin to walk along the passageway. At the end of the hall is a small metal door, a sign read "Level 842CON G, Division of Plastic, Vendable manufacturing stations" the door is jammed and it is difficult to open.  Finally the latch snaps and the door swings open.
What have you done, Cut your hand?
Must be an expressway.... You don't have to stay here, you know....
What was that....
I don't care.
Oh, That!  I'm 5555 SRT Entron..
You have to!....I'm 1138 THX Magnum manipulator 347 cell 94107 Precinct 3 Residence:  Level 6421 Complex 12 Ramp 5.  Roommate 3417 LU...H.
I don't know.
What kind of answer is that?
Who?  Me?...I don't know.
We'll never make it through that mainway...I wonder what happened to SEN.  I'm crazy!  This whole thing is crazy...What am I doing?  My mind is full of so many things I can't think of anything, anymore.  Who are you?
Maternity ward, huhh!
What are you talking about. How do you know?  I need her!  I need her.  She needs me.  I've got to get to her.
...it doesn't matter.  The rest of it just didn't happen.
Too late....stay close.
Lost SEN!  He'll never find us.
What?
We've lost SEN!
Look more closely.
How do you know?
That way.
Which way?
No, I...
...and you're not lost now?
I was lost.
What are you doing here?
You should know better than that!
You are engaged in an unauthorized procedure.  Check cybernetic manual F-45.  If you do no have an F-45, you are in violation.  This is a double A restricted precinct. Remain where you are.  Authorities will arrive shortly.
...to me.  I think I'm dying.
Yes...
...rooms with her.  Our relationship is normal, conforming.  We share nothing but space.  What is she doing to...
Yes...
....with me?  What am I to her or she to me?  Nothing.  She's an ordinary roommate.  I..I share...
You are a true believer.  Blessings of the state, blessings of the masses.  Thou art a subject of the divine.  Created in the image of man, by the masses, for the masses. Let us be thankful we have an occupation to fill.  Work hard; increase production; prevent accidents, and be happy.
....I'm taking SP5, but it doesn't seem strong enough.  I have a hard time concentrating.  Please forgive me, I slipped on....
I can't understand.  The sedatives....
Yes.
My mate has been acting very strange.  I can't explain it.....but.  I haven't been feeling very well myself.  I don't know, maybe it's me.  I needed an SP9 last night.  I feel as if something odd were happening to me. Something....
Yes.
I did not accept any.  I...  I wanted... to.  But I didn't. You know I didn't.  Don't you?
Yes
....going well.  How could I be so wrong.  SCO 1202 cross wired a 904.  He's been receiving extra credit.  He offered me some.
Yes.
No thanks, Bev.
Coffee, Mike?
Damn.
One partial from the handle matches the suspect from last night. Name's Carl Taylor. Long record of arson, assault, the works. The other print - we got nothing from our data base or the FBI or CIA... still waiting for Interpol.
How's the print coming?
We just got a bomb threat upstairs.
Hey, that's the guy-
Thanks.
f 2600 block of Lakefront. A limousine. But, I-
-Where?
There out on a call, perhaps I can help you-
Officer Reilly, vice.
And you are...?
Where are they?
They're not here.
I'm looking for the Bomb Squad.
May I help you?
Hang on.
Just do it.
Aren't you on suspension?
Patch me through to the Bomb Squad.
Go ahead.
Dispatch, this is Reilly.
No excuses, just do it!
How the hell do you feel yellow?
When in doubt, pull the yellow wire.
What... ?
I don't know.
Which one's which?
Okay, one of the caps turns it on, the other shuts it down.
Yeah, another round thing.
Make up your mind, trigger.
Too easy. There's gotta be something else in there, another cap maybe.
What's wrong?
That's the blasting cap - good! Okay, now grab it by the base and pull it straight up. No, Wait...
Something round, two wires ...
Stay to your left.
More metal... sharp edge...
Don't touch that.
Wires... metal, cold... something soft...
Close your eyes, feel your fingertips. Tell me everything you feel.
Keep talking.
Okay, let's go in.
Nothing.
Good, now the other side.
He has a timer going as back-up, in case we got a hold of the remote.  Okay... first, run your fingers along the edges, feel for a sensor.
C'mon, talk to me! We can do it!
Right.
Talk to me. Let's assess.
What do we do?
Off the scale.
Fuck factor?
You got it.
Glass, Eighth Street, alley behind Grand Hotel. Cut him off.
Me, too.
No, I'd slip out past the hotel district, behind Greyhound...
Would you?
Should we head for the Interstate?
Cuz he got the girl, now he's leaving town.
How do you know?
Catch that alert? That's him in the U-Haul.
Driving in circles, waiting for-
Where you guys at?
What's up?
Be right back.
Ex-girlfriend?
Congratulations, you just built your first ticker.
It's working.
No you're not, you just don't understand them. Here, do what I tell you.
I terrible with mechanical things.
I guess I didn't realize how much I needed him. He kept me straight. It's been tough every second since.
Your partner?
I know. I was working a drug ring, deep cover. Played the part too well. When they pulled me out, I wasn't a cop anymore. My fiance had dumped me. Next thing I knew, I was out here on the street, doped up, auditioning for the morgue when this tough old vice cop found me, cleaned me up, gave me a second chance. He promised Captain Winters he'd look out for me.
Take a tip from the Bomb Boys, always assess, if only for a second.
Pittsburgh, two years ago. Partner died, no back-up, I was too gung-ho. As usual.
You don't have to talk about it.
What?
How long were you hooked?
I don't know. There's an old saying, when in doubt, cut the yellow wire.
Which one's which?
One shuts it down, one turns arms it.
So cut both.
I don't know, it's strange... it's not the best career path, but when you get the bug, there's nothing you can do about it. See, when you beat one of these things... 
Why do you do it?
We've gotta be. In this business, you don't exactly make alot of outside commitments.
You guys seem pretty tight.
Well... it's more than we had ten minutes ago.
Right.
What not bad. You've got a series of bombs, devices, that may or may not be connected, set by one or many nutjobs, who may or may not be linked.
Not bad for Bomb squad, eh?
`Til we get a better lead.
How long are we going to stay?
Industrial wood oil. Separately, any one of these things could lead in several directions, but together ...
Nitro-cellulose. What is that, some kind of explosive?
Bingo!
Look, it's a longshot...
Then, it's gotta be here somewhere ...
Yep.
This is where the van was parked.
No, ninety-ninety percent of them are full of baloney. They're into the power trip, not the damage. What scares me is that this guy is so sophisticated he could blow up whatever he wants, then disappear. The worst of the bunch, they love the challenge of creating the wildest device ever... and they love the carnage.
Except they'll blow you up if you don't play along.
Typical profile, usually losers, nobodies that're afraid to confront their victims. They like scaring people. That's why they call in their threats. Same mentality as obscene phone callers.
With a little training, you could go into a house and just from stuff in the bathroom and kitchen make something that'd finish off that alleged car of yours. Heck, didn't you ever watch MacGyver?
Just how easy is it to build a... device?
There were a few guys in my class with names like John Smith, Bill Jones. I'd see them up ahead in the hall, call their name, but they wouldn't turn around. C.I.A. Funny thing, they'd always disappear after the first half of the course.
Sounds like terrorist heaven.
Top of my class at West Point, thank you very much. Then off to Redstone. First half of the course we learned how to build devices... second half, we'd take them apart. Everything from firecrackers to hydrogen bombs.
Cream of the crop, huh? You?
Redstone's the army training center in Alabama where they send the cream of the crop to learn about tickers.
You mentioned something called Redstone.
An abandoned machine shop... nice place to build devices. Low rent, too. But, you and Rice ruined their perfect hideout.
I don't know. You tell me?
So what were they doing here?
Then let's go see what they missed.
The place has already be combed. Forensics pulled over a hundred sets of prints inside.
Drive.
Oh yeah? Prove it.
No you look, mister! First, you don't go calling my men names. It's bad for morale. Second, us "punks" happen to know a heck of alot more about police work than any vice cop ever did.
Hey, look--
Nice performance back there. Where'd you learn that, Mike Ditka Sensitivity Seminar?
Where...?
Only once, at Redstone.
She's not talking. But, she could be. So, obviously, you've seen one of these devices before?
I.R.A. device. Deadliest class of tickers in existence. Computerized, multiple sensors, booby traps, the works. First showed up in a series of I.R.A. bombings in London couple years ago. One of their boys tripped it on himself and they went back to a less complicated timers. The Girl, is she Irish?
Don't push it, slick.
Anything else I should know?
Treat. We treat devices.
So you're the "Device Squad"... and you defuse "devices"?
We don't use the b-word. Bad luck.
Mike Reilly.
By the way, I'm Glass. This is T.J., and Pooch.
Be cool around my men, they don't trust strangers. And try not to swear so much, it's unattractive.
Now wait just a fucking-
This isn't bumper cars, it's brain surgery. You wanna work with us, you do it our way, understand?
What?
That cop who bought it... you didn't tell us he was your partner.
What was-? Why...?
We've got one hour. Are you coming or not?
When you need us, you love us, when you don't, we're shunned by the rest of the department.
What're you talking about?
We can start in the area where the robbery occurred.
Alright, let's check it out.
Thanks.
Sorry about that.  That's an inch of the stuff, imagine what the whole thing'd do.
What do you mean?
High-grade det cord. This girl, either she's got strange taste in jewelry or she's into serious demolition.
Off a girl's wrist. A suspect...
Where did you get this?
You the Bomb Squad?
Who the heck're you?
Nothing. Maybe they gave up, split town.
Any word?
Exactly my thinking. Except, none of the targets can actually be linked to government, political or special interest concerns. They seem to be just unrelated industrial companies. Some insured, some not. 
Political.
We work fast enough for you?
You got it.
Bev, give `em a call, find out what bowling alleys they supply in this area.
"Punks", huh?
Hey, matches are a very big thing in our line of work.
Oh shit...
It's from an IRA.
Whadaya mean?
T.J., run a trace on this, see if you can pin down where it came from. Whoever these people are, let's hope they're all talk.
Right.
Call upstairs, see what you can find out.
What do you think?
Easy, guys.  
Assist? What the hell you know about tickers anyway?
Reilly! He's loaded!
Jesus...
We've created a monster.
Alright!
Meg's lasagna. Good eats, Reilly. C'mon.
What do ay say?
A bowling alley.
Lane oil...
Let's face it, we all knew it would happen sooner or later. The guy who can build a mousetrap that's better than we are ...
Relax, Pooch, it's just a ticker, it's not personal.
I was wrong... this didn't come from any cash register.
Glass, what is it?
Unlikely. Probably, cash register or something.
Computer device?
Helluva fuck factor.
C4, plastic explosive.
Let's get something straight. We're doing you a favor. You're not exactly a guy we want around explosives.
We've lost brothers too, we know what that's like.
Hope you don't mind, Captain, might help us catch these guys that much sooner.  Coming?
Yeah, he's helping us work up a profile on this thing.
Hey, I'm next.
Bev, you're the greatest...
We're a bit busy at the moment, I'll give you a statement in a few minutes if we're still alive.
No, we're terrorists, stay back or we'll blow.
People are dying.
Then why tell me?
He's my brother...
Thank you.
There is a motel downtown, near the Machine Shop... the Suncrest. Room 138.
Taylor's dead.
Alex Swan. My brother. The other two are called Taylor and Leveau.
Who is he?
Cover.  It was suppose to be abandoned buildings, y'know. No one was suppose to get hurt. The night you busted us...We were checking to make sure there weren't any vagrants around. Scare them away.
Take him!
Drop it.
Shut up!  Who is this?
Alex, please-
What? Nobody, I-
Who are you calling, sis?
Stay in the truck.
Alex, please.
Stay here.
No... No more killing.
We're moving' on. I have to pick up the supplies. Just two little boxes.
Why are we stopping here?
Nothing... just tired.
What's the matter?
Security.
What is that?
I know. I warned them.
Alex-
You okay?
I'm sorry, detective, but you're just not my type.
You were lucky today, vice boy. Captain said to leave it alone, but just remember, I'm watching you.
And what, you'll shoot me? Hey, don't mistake me for one of your partners, I'd like to make retirement in one piece.
You touch me again and--
A ticking bomb...
What the hell was that?
Maybe she knows your old man.
Looks like the stuff my dad used to use to blow up tree stumps back in Scranton.
But sir--
You're vice, not homicide. Besides, you don't have the experience and you're too personally involved.
I want to work this.
Can it, Pluchinsky. And shove some cotton up your nose.
I'm filing charges against that mother-
Reilly, what're you doing here?
Son-of-a-bitch... my nose... This fuck-up is interfering with-
What the hell's going on?
We can't take the chance. Ring down to the Bomb Squad. I want them on alert.
It's a bluff. The guy's full of crap.
Lab's backed up, we're still waiting for it.
What about the ballistics report?
Nothing so far.
Prints?
Time for bed, kiddos. Say goodnight.
Mike. No thanks, I'm fine.
Still waiting for a miracle. Go ahead.
How're you guys doing?
Insurance?
Unsolved bombings in the last year... Boston, New York, Philadelphia... but no real match
What kind of bomb was it?
Nitro, dash of Semtrex, vegetable oil ...
Look, it's important.
He is!
Fuck factor ten.
Oh shit...
Shit. We're fucked.
That's one more time than any of the rest of us have seen it.
Awright! How bout you, Glass, how's that chip shaking?
Fuckin A, I think I got two partial prints here!
Scorch marks... looks like they used silly putty.
Good boy, Schnoz. Daddy loves you.
I don't know...
Pooch, can you move it?
That'd be some explosive pussy he's got his hands on.
Vice... Jesus.
No shit. I better send Meg flowers just in case.
That guy's wife must be pretty pissed off to play a trick like that.
Ain't that a shit--
It don't work-
Take your time... one day at a time, kid...
Don't talk.
Mike...
Yeah, just a nick ...
You okay?
Nah, let's just take a look-see.
We're vice, I didn't see no pimps or hookers in that van. But if you're so gung-ho, we'd best call it in for some back-up.
She wanted to cook me breakfast.
What was it this time?
She didn't work out, had to cut her loose.
I thought you said what's-her-name's brother was going to fix it.
What are you talking about, it's purring like a kitty.
Why don't you just shoot it and put it out of its misery?
No thanks. I got close but it never woulda worked.
One of these days you're gonna get tired of fighting the shit. When that happens, you'll wish you had family.
You outta the city... that's a fish out of water. What's with all this family talk lately, anyway?
How hard can it be? The grand kids been buggin' me about taking them camping.
You don't fish.
Hell, I got a gold watch... it just don't work. Maybe they'll give me a new fishing pole, or something useful.
So what'll you do? After they give you the gold watch.
You will, one day at a time. I'll be old and grey when it happens...
I gotta get back on top. Get off the sleaze detail.
Next week we work the park.
C'mon, it's a quiet night.
Look who's talking, old man.
Know what the problem is, kid? You're too ugly to get propositioned.
That feeling won't last long.
Nice to be here.
He's married, he don't even know what a lesbian is.
Looks like Pooch's doing okay.
In this crowd? It's gonna be Marlboros, Camels, and maybe a few Kools.
Someone who smokes French cigarettes.
So what're we looking for?
My first undercover assignment. I gotta look good, right?
T.J., what're you doing?
You mean you just--? ... You keep a record of... matches?
Got it! Ace Match Company, Flint, Michigan.
IRA - instant retirement account.
A what?
Huh?
Device.
Captain assigned me to assist you.
Vice cop on a homicide?
What?
P.E.T.N ...
It's about this.
Make an appointment.
Quiet!
Reilly, Vice. I-
We'll keep him pinned in, you guys hurry up!
Reilly, what's happening? Reilly! Reilly! Do not engage. We're five minutes-
Pull back. You're only an observer.
Fire me later. Close in and we got the bastard.
Reilly, what the hell are you-?
You've been at the center of two suspect fatalities and two Police Officer fatalities. I'll need your badge and your weapon.
I know.
Reilly, you're done for now. What the hell were you thinking directing the Bomb Squad Team into hot pursuit. They had no business-
It won't work, he'll know it's a trap...
It's our only option.
I promised her she'd be safe.
Glass, you're to stand by with your team.
My God, you're going to use her, aren't you?
Glass, sorry about Pooch, he was a good man. We don't have time to give you a break right now, we're going ahead and-
I didn't. But I had to try.
She's refused to say a word to anyone. What made you think you could get her to talk?
Yes, sir.
But from now on, any leads on this case go to Pluchinsky. He's primary investigator and you are unofficially assigned to the Bomb Squad... you and your new friends are not to be playing detective any more. Got it?
Yes, sir.
You know after a shooting I would normally take your badge and weapon, but Glass called in already and confirmed it was clean.
Report on the case so far.
What's this?
I thought I told you--
Sir...
Yes, sir.
I know you're anxious to get back but... just stay out of homicide's way or I'll have you classifying fingerprints, understand?
Look, I saw these guys, I can i.d. them.
Goddamit, Reilly--
I'll do it.
It's detonation cord, for a bomb.
What?
I'll do it.
Take it down to the Bomb Squad, Artie-
Sir, I--
Reilly, what the hell happened out there? Why didn't you call for back-up?
Captain...
No!  But let me tell you--any woman who spends a fortune in times like these for a handbag--phooey, phooey, phooey!
Well, have you found it?
Diamonds all over.
Yes.
And diamonds in the front.
Yes.
And it had diamonds in the back.
Yes.
So you lost a handbag, madame?
What?  I may lose it again? But I haven't found it yet! I'm sorry. Goodbye!  Yes?
Yes, M'sieu Laval!
Tell M'sieu Giron I can't see him now. Impossible!  And, Jacques. Dismiss the car! Madame is not going. 
M'sieu Giron is downstairs.
Madame has changed her mind. She'll be down in a minute.
Yes, M'sieu Laval?
on staircase; from Gaston's point of view. He stops.
In a moment.
M'sieu Laval, M'sieu Filiba would like very much to see you.
At once, Jacques.  We'll continue later.
Pardon me, m'sieu. Madame Colet would like to see you in the living room.
Very well, Jacques.
M'sieu Laval, Madame would like to talk to Mademoiselle Gautier for a moment.
He bows, goes. Door shuts behind him.
With the compliments of Colet and Company!
A man in love, completely shaken. He sits on bed, thinks, then takes telephone slowly, decisively.
Eleven o'clock! 
in doorway. He bows, returns into office; door shuts.
No!
erect in sweater, arms folded.
Is this what you mean, M'sieu Laval?
Where did you find it?
still studying the vase. Mariette appears. He turns to her.
So I said to myself, "All right, if he wants to look at them, let him look at them. No harm in that." And then he said, "Say ah." And then I said, "Ah." And that's all I remember ... And when I woke up, I still had my tonsils, but my pocketbook was gone.
<u>Tonsili!</u>
About tonsils.
What did you talk about?
That's just what I tried to tell him. Well, one word led to another. He really was a very charming fellow. So we talked for about ten minutes.
<u>Niente!</u>
No!
The representative of the police wants to know if there is anything wrong with your tonsils.
I said, "Come in." And there he was. A fine-looking man with a moustache and long sideburns. He said, "Good evening. I'm the doctor." I said, "Doctor?" He said, "Yes, the doctor. I came to see about your tonsils."
And then what happened, M'sieu Filiba?
Well, he knocked at the door. You see, I was expecting two--uh--two business associates.
Why did you let this man in, M'sieu Filiba?
I had exactly twenty thousand lire. I had just cashed a traveler's check and put it in my wallet.
The representative of the police wants to know how much money you had, M'sieu Filiba.
<u>All</u> <u>kinds</u>.
And harems ... ?
I don't care <u>what</u> you say! In Constantinople at least you have streets, sultans, pashas--
But--
Let me tell you, Venice <u>can't</u> <u>compare</u> with Constantinople.
Yes!
But you <u>have</u> been in Venice?
No!
You've never been in Constantinople?
No.
Constantinople?
No.
Amsterdam?
No.
No ...  Have <u>you</u> ever been in Vienna?
You've <u>never</u> been in Venice?
No.
But before I say goodbye I want to ask you one question: Have you ever been in Venice?
Goodbye, M'sieu Filiba. 
I wanted to say goodbye to you.
You see--  No, no! And <u>yet</u>--  <u>Did</u> I--did--now <u>where</u> could we have--
Yes, M'sieu Filiba?
Well--then it must be my mistake.  I beg your pardon.
I'm sorry, but I don't seem to recall the occasion. No, I'm afraid ...
Pardon me, m'sieu, but I have the feeling we have met somewhere before.
Doc--!
Funny--the first time I saw him I thought he was a doctor!
Insignificant ... He's a secretary, always <u>was</u> a secretary, always <u>will</u> be.
Just dull.
He's really not a bad fellow.
I thought so.
Ogilvie and Oglethorpe.
Smart. London, eh?
Like it?
Nice suit.
You know, I'm not the marrying type. I like to take my fun and leave it.
The type they marry.
No color, no sparkle--but dependable.
Funny, the kind of men women fall for.
No doubt about it--it's that secretary.
Now see here, my good man. I've had just about enough of your insulting remarks!
You're looking fine, Major.
Umm.
Nice day, Major.
Good morning.  I'd-I'd-I'd like to look at some cuff links.
Good morning, Major.
Yes, Baron. Thank you. 
You can trust me.
But please, Baron. We're not supposed to breathe a word of it. You won't tell anybody I told you?
You're not safe anywhere nowadays.
Thank you.
No, Baron!  I beg your pardon.
I don't want to see you at all!
Yes, Baron?
And as for you, waiter--
Yes, Baron.
I want to see-- 
Yes, Baron.  Moon in champagne.
I want to see that moon in the champagne.
Yes, Baron.
And, waiter--you see that moon?
Yes, Baron.
It must be the most marvelous supper. We may not eat it, but it must be marvelous.
Um-hum. Very good. Excellent!
I would start with cocktails.
If Casanova suddenly ... turned out to be Romeo ... having supper with Juliet--who might become Cleopatra ... How would you start?
Yes, Baron.
Oh, yes ... Well, that's not so easy.  Beginnings are always difficult.
Yes, sir?  What shall we start with, Baron?
Just call me Gaston.
M'sieu Monescu!
Monescu.
M'sieu ...
Then why didn't you call the police? Why <u>don't</u> you call the police?  I'll tell you why--you crook, you.
I know it!
You say I am a crook.
What do you mean?
You have enjoyed the confidence of this family for more than forty years. You must be a man of about-- about sixty-five.  Let's see--  You will be exactly eighty-seven when you come out of prison.
What is it?
Yes, m'sieu.  M'sieu Giron!
Otherwise I'll call the police
Very well, m'sieu.
And you will be out by tomorrow morning.
Yes, m'sieu.
No, to you--M'sieu <u>Monescu</u>.
It may be important to you, M'sieu Giron--
Right now! It's very important, M'sieu Laval.
But not now.
I've got to see you.
I'm very sorry, but this is no time, M'sieu Giron--
I don't <u>know</u>, M'sieu Giron!
Nervous! Why should I be nervous?
I am only insinuating that you are nervous.
Are you insinuating that this is not an honest report?
And I don't see any reason for any man getting nervous when somebody checks over the figures of his report.
I don't see why any man should get excited when he is asked about his hometown.
And I was only asking you if you would let me examine your report without interruption.
I was only asking if you are related to the Lavals of Marseilles.
Well, that's fine. Then you are not insinuating that I am avoiding questions. And I am not insinuating that you won't let me examine this report.
No, not at all!
Are <u>you</u> insinuating anything, M'sieu Giron?
Um-hum!
Two weeks and three days.
Examination! M'sieu Laval, what are you insinuating? I have enjoyed the confidence of this family for more than forty years. How long have you enjoyed Madame's confidence? Three weeks, I believe.
And you, M'sieu Giron, seem to be disturbing my examination of <u>this</u> <u>report</u>.
And I have known the Lavals of Marseilles for more than thirty years.
For more than forty years. So Madame told me.
M'sieu Laval, I have enjoyed the confidence of this family--
I hope so, too.
I hope you find the figures correct.
Just a second.
You must be related to the Lavals of Marseilles.
Um-hum ...
M'sieu Laval, there are several things I've wanted to ask you for quite a while. I understand you are from Marseilles.
No, Captain, I tell you--
Now just a minute, Major--
No, no, no! I disagree with you absolutely. That's the trouble with you artillery men.
Good day, Major.
Good day, Doctor.
Thank you, Major. 
Just as you say, Doctor.
You see, the bag has just been found, and the reaction of relief from her former excitement and strain is just a little too much for her. It's not very serious, but just the same we'd better not take any chances.
Lily!
Goodbye--Madame Colet and Company! 
Leave me alone! You were willing to sacrifice a hundred thousand francs for her.  Well--  she's worth it! [ You were willing to pay a hundred and twenty-five thousand for a <u>handbag</u>. You can pay a <u>hundred</u> thousand for him!]
Lily-- 
And you--
Don't you dare lie to me!  I know you love me.  Well, why don't you say something? Come on--be brilliant. Talk yourself out of it--bluff yourself in!  Shut up, you liar, you!  That's what I want!  This is real! Money! Cash!
But, Lily--
Shut up! Don't make up any stories!
Lily, you must listen to me.
Thirty-five to the left--sixty- three, eight ... I wouldn't fall for another man if he were the biggest crook on earth ... Seventy-six, eighty-four, fifty-five--  What has she got that I haven't got?
Don't you <u>realize</u>--
That's what I'm here for--to get out! I want to get away from here, from you--as fast as I can and as far as a hundred thousand francs will take me.  Sixty-five, ninety-four--
You <u>have</u> to get out of here!
Yes, <u>M'sieu</u> <u>Colet</u>?
Now, Lily--
What time is your rendezvous?
Are you insane? You've to get out of here at once! She may come back any minute.
<u>Auf</u> <u>wiedersehn</u>.
<u>Auf</u> <u>wiedersehn</u>.
<u>Am</u> <u>Berliner</u> <u>Zug</u>.
<u>Also</u>, <u>um</u> <u>zwoelf</u> <u>Uhr</u>.
<u>Grossartig</u>--<u>kolossal</u>!
By the way, how is your German?
Well, see you at the Berlin Express.
I don't know. Fortunately, she has a dinner engagement tonight. I'll meet you at the station--midnight.  Hello ... Yes? What? ... You found a handbag? Well, you're three weeks too late! 
Hello ... Is this the Spanish consulate? This is Doa Ignacio Fernandez.  My husband and I are leaving tonight for Berlin ... Is it too late to get a visa this afternoon ... ? Thank you, thank you.  How long will it take you?
Well, we'll have to take what's here. A bird in hand is worth two in jail.
At twelve twenty. I know.  Lyons two, four, seven, one.  Two more days and we'd have seven hundred and fifty thousand francs more!
Correct. Now the train leaves--
Spanish passports?
No--not yet--but--  Two tickets to Berlin--first class and sleeper--night train ... Right ... Right ... Leave them in the name of--Don Ignacio Fernandez ... Right ... Thank you. 
He recognized you!
yse seven, eight, nine, two.  We have to clear out.  Railroad station? Ticket office, please.
Yes!  Now don't worry!
Five, seven, and nine--
Yes--Filiba! Venice--Grand Hotel-- room two fifty-three--
Filiba ...
Darling, remember you're Gaston Monescu. You're a crook. I want you as a crook. I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal, swindle, rob--but don't become one of those useless, good-for-nothing gigolos!
Oh, no, darling. There's <u>more</u> sex appeal coming on the first of the month.  It's only ten days ...  Eight hundred and fifty thousand francs.
Gaston. Let's open it--right now! Let's get away from here!  I don't like this place!
Beautiful. And what of it?  Let me tell you something: so far as I'm concerned, her whole sex appeal is in that safe!
They're all right, aren't they?
Certainly!
Did you ever take a good look at her--uh--
Ah!
<u>This</u> <u>woman</u> <u>has</u> <u>more</u> <u>than</u> <u>jewelry</u>.
But it's not enough!
What?
You! And she's willing to pay as high as fifty francs!
No jewelry! Hands off jewelry! If we're broke--all right. I might pick up a million-franc necklace. But in times like <u>these</u> when we're doing a <u>cash</u> <u>business</u>--why take a chance on jewelry?
And her <u>jewelry</u> is worth a fortune!
--the other half, contrary to custom, shall be delivered in cash into Madame's personal custody.  Darling, that means that on the second of June we'll have eight hundred and fifty thousand francs.
Darling!
And we'll celebrate the second anniversary of the day we didn't get married!
Seven and nine!
Two fifty-three, five--
We'll take the Royal Suite!
We'll go to Venice, to the same hotel!
The six--
And tomorrow is the fifteenth. And the day after tomorrow--
The fourteenth of May.
Sweetheart, what day is today?
Right.
And take the twenty thousand francs ...
Darling, then let's be honest and return it to the lady.
Yes! Don't you remember the day you took that Chinese vase from the Royal Palace  and made it into a lamp for my night table?
Last year? It can't be that long.
I always liked him. Especially last year in Munich ...
Gaston!
Gaston Monescu.
Monescu!
You remember the man who walked into the Bank of Constantinople and walked out <u>with</u> the Bank of Constantinople?
Darling!  Now tell me--tell me all about yourself. Who are you?
What time is it?
Not at all, Countess ... There's one very good stone in it.
Thank you, Baron.
I'm crazy about you.  By the way, your pin.
I like you, Baron.
You're very welcome.  Countess, believe me, before you left this room I would have told you everything ... And let me say this with love in my heart-- Countess, you are a thief.  The wallet of the gentleman in two fifty-three, five, seven, and nine is in your possession. I knew it very well when you took it out of my pocket.  In fact, you tickled me.  But your embrace was so sweet ... 
No, thank you.
The pepper, too?
Thank you.
Please.
Please.  When I came here it was for a little adventure--a little game which you play tonight and forget tomorrow. But something has changed me--and it isn't the champagne.  The whole thing is new to me. Very new. I've got a confession to make to you.  Baron, you are a crook.  You robbed the gentleman in two fifty-three, five, seven, and nine.  May I have the salt?
That's hotel life. In one room a man loses his wallet  and in another room a man loses-- his head. 
No--proud. Very proud!
Disappointed?
Someone from another world--so entirely different. One gets so tired of one's own class--princes and counts and dukes and kings--ah! And everybody talking shop--always trying to sell jewelry ... And then I heard your name and found you were just one of us.
Thank you!
You know, when I first saw you, I thought you were an American.
Don't stop. Keep right on complaining. It's beautiful.
But she talks a lot. And before this night is over, all Venice will know it. And tomorrow it will be Grand Canal gossip! ... Oh!
Why should you?
You'd better not. He's really very dull. But anyhow, when the king tells the marquis he saw me, the marquis will tell the marchesa. And the marchesa is the best friend of the Duchess of Chambro. And <u>she</u> will phone the Princess de Costa. The princess doesn't like me--but I don't care!
I would like to.
Do you know the Marquis de la Tours?
No--no.
Do you <u>know</u> King Boris?
But you came. And you must forget everything--  except that you are here, Countess.
The tennis player. He saw me. He bowed. What could I do? I nodded.  Baron, I shouldn't have come!
The tennis player?
The Marquis de la Tours. He was in the lobby. But I don't think he saw me. I'm positive he didn't. Thank heaven! ... But when I came up here, right out in the hall there was King Boris of Alconia!
Who?
Goodbye ... 
Divine ... But that terrible policeman!
Lovely.
But it could have been glorious.
Wonderful ... But tomorrow morning, if you should wake out of your dreams and hear a knock, and the door opens, and there, instead of a maid with a breakfast tray, stands a policeman with a warrant--then you'll be glad you're alone.
Divine ...
It could have been marvelous ...
Goodbye.
Goodbye...
Yes, Giron! Chairman of the board of Colet and Company. Honorary president of the Orphans' Asylum. Adolph J. Giron--distinguished citizen! ... Well, shall I call the police?  I see! You have to be in the social register to keep out of jail. But when a man starts at the bottom and works his way up--a self-made crook --then you say, "Call the police! Put him behind bars! Lock him up!" 
Giron...!
It would be a terrible scandal, wouldn't it?
Then why are you afraid to let me prove it?
I don't believe it!
Why not? He's a thief--he's a criminal.
Naturally not. But I expect the police to believe it. 
And you expect me to believe that?
Adolph J. Giron.
<u>Adolph</u>?
You have been robbed--for years. And not a hundred thousand francs, but millions. And you know who did it? Adolph.
Yes, Gaston?
Mariette!
Thank you.  Seventy-six, eighty--
You look beautiful.
But why talk about robbery on a night like this?
Um-<u>hum</u> ...
Instantly.
Call the police?
I wouldn't say anything--I would act.
What would you say if you found your safe had been robbed?
Yes, Gaston?
No--thirty-five! 
Thirty-three--
Please! 
Ah, let me have a little fun.
But I don't want to be a lady.
On the night table.
When a lady takes her jewels off in a gentleman's room, where does she put them?
Because I want to make it tough for you.
Then why do you want to go?
I <u>believe</u> you.
<u>I</u> <u>love</u> <u>you</u>.
I know it.
I'm crazy about you!
I <u>must</u> go.
I want you to stay, Mariette. You've <u>got</u> to stay. You can't go now!
<u>Shut</u> <u>up</u>--<u>kiss</u> <u>me</u>!  Wasting all this marvelous time with arguments! 
<u>Now</u>, <u>let</u> <u>me</u> <u>tell</u> <u>you</u>--
But attractive--
You're conceited--
Any minute I want!
So you think you can get me?
And you're going to fall for them.
I know all your tricks.
Like that!
Like that?
Yes, I would!
You would?
But incidentally, let me tell you, <u>I</u> don't like <u>you</u>. I don't like you at all!  I wouldn't hesitate one instant to ruin <u>your</u> reputation--like that! 
M'sieu Laval, I've got a confession to make to you ...
No--yours, madame.
Afraid I'm ruining your reputation, M'sieu Laval?
Precisely.
Talk? About me--about us?
But you have an engagement, and I don't want people to talk.
Goodbye.
Good night.
Good night. 
Correct!  Good night.
Crimson!
Lipstick?
Marvelous.
Hair?
Beautiful.
How do you like my dress?
Then a little nap--
Together.
Then lunch in the Bois--
Um-hum ...
Then riding together.
Um-hum ...
Well, we'll have breakfast in the garden.
What are you going to do with my day tomorrow, M'sieu Laval?
Yes, madame?
And so will M'sieu Giron.
I'll be delighted.
Will you be good enough to run through these papers with M'sieu Giron?
Madame.
You're hired!
The same thing.
What would you do if you were my <u>secretary</u>?
And you made any attempt to handle your own business affairs, I would give you a good spanking--in a business way, of course.
Ye-es?
Everything! ... Madame Colet, if I were your father--  which, fortunately, I am not--
Tell me, M'sieu Laval, what else is wrong?
It's disgraceful!
And how I handle my <u>money</u>!
Then you use the wrong lipstick--
Then I mislay my checkbook--
Madame Colet, I think you deserve a scolding. First, you lose your bag--
That sounds sensible. 
No! Not enough!  In times like these, when everything is uncertain, every conservative person should have a substantial part of his fortune within arm's reach.
You think that's too much?
But, madame, you keep a hundred thousand francs--in your safe--at <u>home</u>?
Isn't that wonderful!  You see, madame-- 
Too happy. That's why I discharged her.
I see.  She must have been very happy here.
This used to be my secretary's room.
Oh? 
It <u>is</u> beautiful. But I got a little tired of sleeping in antiques, so I gave it to my secretary.
Beautiful specimen.
Right!
Early eighteenth century. I should say around--seventeen thirty.
Yes!
Eighteenth century.
As you like. 
Make it out to cash!
What?
And do you know what I'd like to have you do with that check?
No. What is it? Tell me.
Do you know my first name?
Then I'm glad I lost the bag! I'll write you the check immediately. 
Don't be embarrassed, madame. I'll take it. I need the money. I wish I were in a position to ignore the whole matter. But you know, madame, the stock market, bank crash ... To make a long story short--a member of the nouveaux poor.
Yes.
In other words, madame, it embarrasses you to offer me the twenty thousand francs reward.
Goodbye, M'sieu La-- Oh, yes ... This is a rather delicate matter and I don't want to ... You see, if you read my advertisement carefully, you must have noticed that there was ...
But, Madame Colet, that's a matter of eye shadow. I can straighten that out in two seconds.
Do you realize I have light eyes?
That's too dark.
Peaches and cream.
What shade of powder do you use?
No, no, no!  I disagree with you completely! I tried it once--
That's what you need!
Too much blue in crimson.
With your skin, I prefer crimson.
What's wrong now?
But one suggestion, madame.  Not the major.  I don't  mind his grammatical mistakes. I'll overlook his bad punctuation. But the letter has no mystery--no bouquet--no ...  And one lipstick ...  Scarlet number four.
M'sieu Laval!
You needn't be embarrassed, madame. A lady as charming as you would, and <u>should</u>, get love letters.
Oh!
Naturally I did.
Oh! You didn't read it!
Please, Madame Colet, I believe in doing things correctly. Shall we continue?  Two hairpins, one cigarette lighter, one box of real matches, and-- Oh, yes, this letter from Major--
But really, m'sieu, this isn't necessary.
One purse--  empty. One vanity case-- 
The pleasure is mine, madame.
Well--how do you do, M'sieu Laval?
And I am M'sieu Laval--if you will allow me to introduce myself.
Well--I am Madame Colet.
Not in the least, madame. But you see, it's a very expensive bag--one has to be careful.
Of course it is! Are you doubting me?
Oh ... That's strange. Maybe--are you sure this is your bag?
I don't know how I could have lost it there.  I was nowhere near that niche.
Neither do I.  That's where I found it.
Not particularly.
You like that statue?
I remember.
And in that niche, there is a statue of Venus.
I know that niche.
And as you leave the foyer, there is a little niche.
Yes.
Then you go into the foyer.
Yes.
Then you go to the left. There's a landing.
Yes.
You know the main staircase in the opera?
That's it! Yes, that's it! ... Jacques!
Will you be good enough to look at this bag, madame? 
Yes...?
Well, the evening is still young. Let's go down to the living room and talk it over.  It's only ten o'clock.
Yes, madame!
No, m'sieu!
No, madame, it's the way you <u>follow</u>.
Oh, no, it's the way you lead.
I wanted to ask her to ask you if you'd be good enough to go out to dinner with me tonight.
What is it, madame?
Oh, that's too bad. You see, I wanted her to do something.  Well, I guess I'll have to do it myself.
Yes--uh--
Has Mademoiselle Gautier gone?
Yes, Madame Colet?
Oh, M'sieu Laval ...
Jacques!
You know what Paris is saying about the Countess Falconier and her chauffeur?
He is my secretary! I hope that answers all your questions, M'sieu Giron.
Madame, let me ask you: Who is M'sieu Laval, anyhow? Where does he come from? What is he?
I know!
Madame Colet, I've enjoyed the confidence of your family for more than forty years.  I was a school friend of your husband's ...
To M'sieu Laval?
I'm sorry, madame, but there are still certain matters which I think you should attend to yourself. And I, personally, would not care to refer them to--to-- 
But my dear M'sieu Giron, I'm having a tea party. Must I be bothered with all these papers now?
I don't want your money!
Mademoiselle Gautier--or whatever your name is--I thank you for your advice, but I must ask you to go. You've got your money--
Let me give you a little advice. When you embrace him, be sure to put on your gloves. It would be too bad if your fingerprints were found ...
I beg your pardon!
Ever had a romance with a crook?
I think you'd better go.
Oh, madame, you're just too sweet for words! 
Well, in times like these most people are cutting salaries, but suppose we say, in your case, three hundred and fifty?
How much is your salary?
Yes, madame?
Very well, madame. Thank you. 
Oh, no, no, no, no, my dear child! That's ridiculous. You go home as usual--five o'clock every day. Now I'm going to be a little bit of a tyrant--I insist. It'll be nice for your little brother, too. <u>Five</u> <u>o'clock</u>--remember!
I'll do my best, madame, even if I have to work every night.
Right!
For all the really important things--
Yes! And he would have a little more time for--
So he wouldn't be confined so much to his office--
No, he <u>works</u> too much.  He's chained to his desk. Too much detail. Now, if you could take over some of his work--
Nervous?  Um-hum. He smokes too much!
To me he seems rather nervous.
Well--uh--yes and no.
Now. Uh--mademoiselle--in the short time you have been M'sieu Laval's secretary, have you noticed any change in him?
Naturally not!
Potatoes. He doesn't want me to eat them--  and naturally I don't want to upset him.
About what?
You see--  Oh, not a word to M'sieu Laval!
Yes, madame?
May I?
Please!  Thank you.
Two lumps, madame?
Yes, that's the trouble with mothers. First you get to like them and then they die.
Yes, madame. You see, I have to get up very early.  My little brother goes to school--  You see, Mother is dead.
You've had your breakfast--oh, but of course you have.
Well, where is it?
Yes, I saw it--but--
But you saw it here.
No--I'm sorry.
Apparently not. Don't you know where it is?
Didn't you take it with you?
Yes, my bag!
Your bag?
Well, he was in the navy.
You should have more self-control. You were in the army.
Because I hate him--because I love you!
Then why did you do it?
That's true.
But you're the more intelligent one.
He started it.
You should be ashamed of yourselves. Two men of your standing, always quarreling.
An hour, two at most.
How much time?
The pumps buy you time... but minutes only. From this moment, no matter what we do, Titanic will founder.
The pumps --
Five compartments. She can stay afloat with the first four compartments breached. But not five. Not five. As she goes down by the head the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads... at E Deck... from one to the next... back and back. There's no stopping it.
That's right.
Water 14 feet above the keel in ten minutes... in the forepeak... in all three holds... and in boiler room six.
And to you, Mr. Andrews.
Good luck to you, Rose.
I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.
Won't you even make a try for it, Mr. Andrews?
Hurry, Rose.
Bottom, left, right. I have it.
Take the elevator to the very bottom, go left, down the crewman's passage, then make a right.
No! I'll do this with or without your help, sir. But without will take longer.
What? You have to get to a boat right away!
Mr. Andrews, thank God! Where would the Master at Arms take someone under arrest?!
Yes, I understand. Thank you.
Please tell only who you must, I don't want to be responsible for a panic. And get to a boat quickly. Don't wait. You remember what I told you about the boats?
Yes. In an hour or so... all this... will be at the bottom of the Atlantic.
You're certain?
The ship will sink.
I saw the iceberg, Mr. Andrews. And I see it in your eyes. Please tell me the truth.
About half, actually. Rose, you miss nothing, do you? In fact, I put in these new type davits, which can take an extra row of boats here.  But it was thought... by some... that the deck would look too cluttered. So I was over-ruled.
Mr. Andrews, I did the sum in my head, and with the number of lifeboats times the capacity you mentioned... forgive me, but it seems that there are not enough for everyone aboard.
Thank you, Rose.
Your ship is a wonder, Mr. Andrews. Truly.
It's hers, you schmuck.  Look, Rose, I... I don't know what to say to a woman who tries to jump off the Titanic when it's not sinking, and jumps back onto it when it is... we're not dealing with logic here, I know that... but please... think about this a second.
Rush her.
Don't drop it Rose.
Holy shit.
Lewis...
So let me get this right. You were gonna kill yourself by jumping off the Titanic?  That's great!
Rose might not want to see this, Lewis.
We've put together the world's largest database on the Titanic. Okay, here...
Okay, so she's a very old goddamned liar. I traced her as far back as the 20's... she was working as an actress in L.A. An actress. Her name was Rose Dawson. Then she married a guy named Calvert, moved to Cedar Rapids, had two kids. Now Calvert's dead, and from what I've heard Cedar Rapids is dead.
A hundred and one next month.
She says she's Rose DeWitt Bukater, right? Rose DeWitt Bukater died on the Titanic. At the age of 17. If she'd've lived, she'd be over a hundred now.
Get that outta my face.
You know, boss, this happened to Geraldo and his career never recovered.
Shit.
You are, Lewis.  You rolling?
Who's the best? Say it.
I'm tryin' boss.
Stay off the floor. Don't stir it up like you did yesterday.
I'm in the sitting room. Heading for bedroom B-54.
Look, Brock, she's going to do this her way, in her own time. Don't forget, she contacted you. She's out here for her own reasons, God knows what they are.
That's the shape my hand's gonna be when I hold that thing. You understand? I'm not leaving here without it.
What?
Lizzy... you gotta understand something. I've bet it all to find the Heart of the Ocean. I've got all my dough tied up in this thing. My wife even divorced me over this hunt. I need what's locked inside your grandma's memory.  You see this? Right here?
I'm not going to help you browbeat my hundred and one year old grandmother. I came down here to tell you to back off.
Look, I'm running out of time. I need your help.
Don't you mean work me?
Hey, Lizzy. I need to talk to you for a second.
Alright. You have my attention, Rose. Can you tell me who the woman in the picture is?
I told you you wanted to take this call.
...Mrs. Calvert?
Rose Calvert.
This is Brock Lovett. What can I do for you, Mrs...?
No, trust me, you want to take this call.
Bobby, we're launching. See these submersibles here, going in the water? Take a message.
There's a satellite call for you.
How it's going? It's going like a first date in prison, whattaya think?!
The partners want to know how it's going?
I put the diamond in my coat pocket. And I put my coat... on her.
What could possible be funny?
There are still some boats forward. Stay with this one... Murdoch. He seems to be quite... practical.
We're too late.
So do I.
I make my own luck.
Then that's our play. But we're still going to need some insurance.  Come on.
The one on the other side is letting men in.
We're running out of time. And this strutting martinet...  ...isn't letting any men in at all.
She's not on the starboard side either.
This is ridiculous, Lovejoy. Find her.
None of the stewards have seen her.
There's no need for language, Mr. Hockley.  Go back and turn the heater on in my room, so it won't be too cold when we get back.
It's just the God damned English doing everything by the book.
She knows.
You know I don't like that, Rose.
All part of my charm, Ruth. At any rate, it was my darling fiancee's beauty rituals which made us late.
Honestly, Cal, if you weren't forever booking everything at the last instant, we could have gone through the terminal instead of running along the dock like some squalid immigrant family.
Steerage swine. Apparently missed his annual bath.
It is unsinkable. God himself couldn't sink this ship.
So this is the ship they say is unsinkable.
Your daughter is much too hard to impress, Ruth.  Mind your step.
Jewels are precious. Goodbye, Mr. Hockley.
You're precious to me, Rose.
Tell her that her daughter died with the Titanic.
What do I tell your mother?
Is this in any way unclear?
Rose... your mother and I have been looking for you --
Yes, I lived. How awkward for you.
I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
Where are you going? To him? Is that it? To be a whore to that gutter rat?
Not the better half.
Oh, Mother shut up!  Don't you understand? The water is freezing and there aren't enough boats... not enough by half. Half the people on this ship are going to die.
Maybe he did it while you were putting your clothes back on.
But I was with him the whole time.
That's right. Two things dear to me have disappeared this evening. Now that one is back...  ...I have a pretty good idea where to find the other.  Search him.
Something serious has happened.
I'm not some foreman in your mills than you can command! I am your fiancee --
You will never behave like that again! Do you understand?
I see you had that undertaker of a manservant follow me.
Yes. Your exertions below decks were no doubt exausting.
I was tired.
I had hoped you would come to me last night.
The Heart of the Ocean. Cal, it's... it's overwhelming.
It was once worn by Louis the Sixteenth. They call it Le Coeur de la Mer, the --
Diamond. Yes it is. 56 carats.
My God... Cal. Is it a --
Rose is displeased. Mmm... what to do?
Is that the going rate for saving the woman you love?
You wanted to see the propellers?
I was leaning way over, to see the... ah... propellers. And I slipped and I would have gone overboard... and Mr. Dawson here saved me and he almost went over himself.
It was... stupid really. I was leaning over and I slipped.
An accident?!
Cal, stop! It was an accident.
What made you think you could put your hands on my fiancee?! Look at me, you filth! What did you think you were doing?!
He'll never amount to a thing, trust me. At least they were cheap.
You're wrong. They're fascinating. Like in a dream... there's truth without logic. What's his name again...?  Picasso.
Those mud puddles were certainly a waste of money.
I felt like black.
I couldn't let you wear black on sailing day, sweetpea. It's bad luck.
You told me to change.
I always win, Jack. One way or another.  Pity I didn't keep that drawing. It's going to be worth a lot more by morning.
Almost as good as you.
You're a good liar.
Get in... hurry up, it's almost full.
I'll be alright. Hurry up so we can get going... we got our own boat to catch.
There are boats on the other side that are allowing men in. Jack and I can get off safely. Both of us.
Probably best. It'll be all business and politics, that sort of thing. Wouldn't interest you. Good of you to come.
No thanks. I'm heading back.
No caviar for me, thanks.  Never did like it much.
Just a soupcon of lemon...  ...it improves the flavor with champagne.
Can I bum a cigarette?
This should be amusing.
Good. Settled then.
Sure. Count me in.
I know.  Perhaps you could join us for dinner tomorrow, to regale our group with your heroic tale?
We gotta get up there or we're gonna be gargling saltwater. Where's Tommy?
The boats are all going.
I don't know what she's say, she don't know what I say, so we get along fine.
How you two doin'?
Of course not. That's not the point.  Goodbye! Goodbye!! I'll miss you!
You know somebody?
You see? Is my destinio!! Like I told you. I go to l'America!! To be a millionaire!!  Capito?? I go to America!!
Goin' home... to the land o' the free and the home of the real hot- dogs! On the TITANIC!! We're ridin' in high style now! We're practically goddamned royalty, ragazzo mio!!
Porca Madonna!! YEEAAAAA!!!
'Cause you're goin' to America!! Full house boys!
Sorry, you're not gonna see your mama again for a long time...
What sorry? What you got? You lose my money?? Ma va fa'n culo testa di cazzo --
Let's see... Fabrizio's got niente. Olaf, you've got squat. Sven, uh oh... two pair... mmm.  Sorry Fabrizio.
Smell ice, can you? Bleedin' Christ!
Oy, mate... that was a close shave.
Well if that's what it takes for us two to get warm, I'd rather not, if it's all the same.
They're a bloody sight warmer than we are.
Cor... look at that, would ya.
Well I can.
Bollocks.
You can smell ice, you know, when it's near.
If you don't shut that hole in yer face, there'll be one less in this boat!
I don't understand a one of you. What's the matter with you? It's your men back there! We got plenty a' room for more.
Aw knock it off, yer scarin' me. Come on girls, grab your oars. Let's go.  Well come on!
They'll pull us right down I tell ya!
No! It's our lives now, not theirs. And I'm in charge of this boat! Now row!!
We got room for lots more. I say we go back.
The suction will pull us right down if we don't keep going.
Ain't you boys ever rowed before? Here, gimme those oars. I'll show ya how it's done.
Keep pulling... away from the ship. Pull.
Excuse me.
Well, do you think the ship is seriously damaged?
We've struck ice.
Why have we stopped?
Of course I leave it to your good offices to decide what's best, but what a glorious end to your last crossing if we get into New York Tuesday night and surprise them all.  Retire with a bang, eh, E.J.?
I prefer not to push the engines until they've been properly run in.
Captain, the press knows the size of Titanic, let them marvel at her speed too. We must give them something new to print. And the maiden voyage of Titanic must make headlines!
No, but we're making excellent time.
So you've not lit the last four boilers then?
I promise. I will never let go, Jack. I'll never let go.
Never let go.
I promise.
You must do me this honor... promise me you will survive... that you will never give up... no matter what happens... no matter how hopeless... promise me now, and never let go of that promise.
Rose, listen to me. Listen. Winning that ticket was the best thing that ever happened to me.
I can't feel my body.
You're going to get out of this... you're going to go on and you're going to make babies and watch them grow and you're going to die an old lady, warm in your bed. Not here. Not this night. Do you understand me?
I'm so cold.
No... don't say your good-byes, Rose. Don't you give up. Don't do it.
Just a few more minutes. It'll take them a while to get the boats organized...
It's getting quiet.
I know. I know. Help me, here. Look around.
It's so cold.
Look for something floating. Some debris... wood... anything.
Right.
You jump, I jump, right?
Get in the boat, Rose.
I'm not going without you.
We'll find out.
Will this work?
I'll wait here.
I'll be right back.
You have to go for help.
I didn't.  I just realized I already knew.
So... how did you find out I didn't do it?
See if you can find a key for these. Try those drawers. It's a little brass one.
I know, I know.
That guy Lovejoy put it in my pocket.
He couldn't have.
Don't you believe it, Rose. Don't!
Cal, you can't be serious! We're in the middle of an emergency and you --
This is horseshit.
Right.
Come with me, Jack. I jump, you jump... Right?
Now it's worse.
We have to tell Mother and Cal.
It's bad.
It didn't seem like much of a bump. I'm sure we're okay.
Could it have damaged the ship?
Looks okay. I don't see anything.
I know. It doesn't make any sense. That's why I trust it.
This is crazy.
When this ship docks, I'm getting off with you.
It's okay. I'm alright.
You're trembling.
Au contraire, mon cher.
Are you nervous?
To the stars.
Where to, Miss?
Kinda like we're doin' right now -- uh oh!
He's an ex-Pinkerton. Cal's father hired him to keep Cal out of trouble... to make sure he always got back to the hotel with his wallet and watch, after some crawl through the less reputable parts of town...
Pretty tough for a valet, this fella.
He does landscapes.
I believe you are blushing, Mr. Big Artiste. I can't imagine Monsieur Monet blushing.
A diamond. A very rare diamond, called the Heart of the Ocean.
What is it? A sapphire?
Not as long as the cigars and brandy hold out.
Should I be expecting him anytime soon?
Cal insist on lugging this thing everywhere.
Zat is true, I am not used to working in such 'orreeble conditions.  Hey... Monet!
Will this light do? Don't artists need good light?
Sssshh. Come here.
Fabrizio said you might be up --
I have to get back, they'll miss me. Please, Jack, for both our sakes, leave me alone.
You're right. Only you can do that.
It's not up to you to save me, Jack.
I don't think so. They've got you in a glass jar like some butterfly, and you're goin' to die if you don't break out. Maybe not right away, 'cause you're strong. But sooner or later the fire in you is goin' to go out.
You're making this very hard. I'll be fine. Really.
No wait. Let me try to get this out. You're amazing... and I know I have nothing to offer you, Rose. I know that. But I'm involved now. You jump, I jump, remember? I can't turn away without knowin' that you're goin' to be alright.
Jack, I --
Rose, you're no picnic... you're a spoiled little brat even, but under that you're a strong, pure heart, and you're the most amazingly astounding girl I've ever known and --
I like that. Aren't we supposed to wish on it?
That was a long one. My father used to say that whenever you saw one, it was a soul going to heaven.
I did, didn't I?  Look! A shooting star.
Uh huh. You got mailed to the wrong address.
A mistake?
You're not one of them. There's been a mistake.
Just move with me. Don't think.
I don't know the steps.
You're still my best girl, Cora.
May I cut in, miss?
Time for my coach to turn back into a pumpkin.
Jack, must you go?
Cal, surely you remember Mr. Dawson.
I saw that in a nickelodeon once, and I always wanted to do it.
They didn't teach you that in finishing school? Here, it's easy. Watch closely.
I think I would.  And teach me to spit too. Like a man. Why should only men be able to spit. It's unfair.
Sure. If you like.
You mean one leg on each side? Scandalous! Can you show me?
Alright, we're going. We'll drink cheap beer and go on the rollercoaster until we throw up and we'll ride horses on the beach... right in the surf... but you have to ride like a cowboy, none of that side-saddle stuff.
Why can't I be like you Jack? Just head out for the horizon whenever I feel like it.  Say we'll go there, sometime... to that pier... even if we only ever just talk about it.
Yeah; it was great money... I could make a dollar a day, sometimes. But only in summer. When it got cold, I decided to go to Paris and see what the real artists were doing.
A whole ten cents?!
Well, then logging got to be too much like work, so I went down to Los Angeles to the pier in Santa Monica. That's a swell place, they even have a rollercoaster. I sketched portraits there for ten cents a piece.
So then what, Mr. Wandering Jack?
Well, alright. There's something in me, Jack. I feel it. I don't know what it is, whether I should be an artist, or, I don't know... a dancer. Like Isadora Duncan.... a wild pagan spirit...
I'm sorry. Really... I am.
Listen, buster... I hate caviar! And I'm tired of people dismissing my dreams with a chuckle and a pat on the head.
You wouldn't last two days. There's no hot water, and hardly ever any caviar.
You know, my dream has always been to just chuck it all and become an artist... living in a garret, poor but free!
You wouldn'ta jumped.
And...?
I see you.
You have a gift, Jack. You do. You see people.
No, no! Just with her hands.
I think you must have had a love affair with her...
She had beautiful hands.
You liked this woman. You used her several times.
Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of girls willing take their clothes off.
And these were drawn from life?
Well, they didn't think too much of 'em in Paree.
Oh no! Oh, I'm so sorry. Truly!
Well, they didn't think too much of 'em in Paree.
Jack, these are quite good! Really, they are.
May I?
Just some sketches.
What's this?
Well, I guess I will tonight.
Oh, Jack... please don't judge me until you've seen my world.
It is that simple.
If only it were that simple.
So don't marry him.
Yes, exactly!
So you feel like you're stuck on a train you can't get off 'cause you're marryin' this fella.
Worse I'm afraid.
Is he your boyfriend?
Penguin? Oh, Cal! He is them.
That penguin last night, is he one of them?
Oh God, I am such an utter fool.
Uh huh. They'll be sorry. 'Course you'll be dead.
I don't... it wasn't just one thing. It was everything. It was them, it was their whole world. And I was trapped in it, like an insect in amber.  I just had to get away... just run and run and run... and then I was at the back rail and there was no more ship... even the Titanic wasn't big enough. Not enough to get away from them. And before I'd really though about it, I was over the rail. I was so furious. I'll show them. They'll be sorry!
That's not what I was thinking. What I was thinking was... what could have happened to hurt this girl so much she though she had no way out.
Look, I know what you must be thinking! Poor little rich girl. What does she know about misery?
You're welcome. Rose.
Here I am. I... I want to thank you for what you did. Not just for... for pulling me back. But for your discretion.
Well, here you are.
Jack... I feel like such an idiot. It took me all morning to get up the nerve to face you.
Jack.
Mr. Dawson, I --
That's quite a moniker. I may hafta get you to write that down.
Rose. Rose DeWitt Bukater.
So, you got a name by the way?
Uh, yes. Of course. After you.
Could I speak to you in private?
Hello again.
I've got you. I won't let go.
HELP! HELP!!
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Dawson.
I'm Jack Dawson.
That's what everybody says. But with all due respect, I'm not the one hanging off the back of a ship.
You're crazy.
Sorry. Just... you look like kind of an indoor girl. Anyway, I went through some thin ice and I'm tellin' ya, water that cold... like that right down there... it hits you like a thousand knives all over your body. You can't breath, you can't think... least not about anything but the pain.  Which is why I'm not looking forward to jumping in after you. But like I said, I don't see a choice. I guess I'm kinda hoping you'll come back over the rail and get me off the hook here.
I know what ice fishing is!
Well they have some of the coldest winters around, and I grew up there, near Chippewa Falls. Once when I was a kid me and my father were ice- fishing out on Lake Wissota... ice- fishing's where you chop a hole in the --
No.
Ever been to Wisconsin?
Freezing. Maybe a couple degrees over.
How cold?
It would hurt. I'm not saying it wouldn't. To be honest I'm a lot more concerned about the water being so cold.
The fall alone would kill you.
Don't be absurd. You'll be killed.
I can't. I'm involved now. If you let go I have to jump in after you.
You're distracting me. Go away.
You would have done it already. Now come on, take my hand.
What do you mean no I won't? Don't presume to tell me what I will and will not do. You don't know me.
No you won't.
No! Stay where you are. I mean it. I'll let go.
Take my hand. I'll pull you back in.
And wake me, of course, if anything becomes in the slightest degree doubtful.
Yes sir.
Mmmmm. Well, I'm off. Maintain speed and heading, Mr. Lightoller.
It's make the bergs harder to see, with no breaking water at the base.
Yes, like a mill pond. Not a breath of wind.
I don't think I've ever seen such a flat calm, in 24 years at sea.
We were pissin' in the wind the whole time.
I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm a believer. She was there.
You think she was really there?
Then we're all meeting your grandmother for the first time.
What past? She has never once, not once, ever said a word about being on the Titanic until two days ago.
Maybe she wants to make peace with the past.
That's enough.
Wait! Can you give us something go on, here. Like who had access to the safe. What about this Lovejoy guy? The valet. Did he have the combination?
If your grandma is who she says she is, she was wearing the diamond the day Titanic sank.  And that makes you my new best friend. I will happily compensate you for anything you can tell us that will lead to its recovery.
April 14, 1912.
You had it the entire time?!
Don't come any closer.
I'm afraid I'm feeling a little tired, Mr. Lovett.
Rose, tell us more about the diamond. What did Hockley do with it after that?
Well, that's the general idea, my dear.
I can still feel its weight. If you could have felt it, not just seen it...
It's been 84 years... and I can still smell the fresh paint. The china had never been used. The sheets had never been slept in.
Just tell us what you can --
It's been 84 years...
Nathan Hockley, right. Pittsburgh steel tycoon. For a diamond necklace his son Caledon Hockley bought in France for his fiancee... you... a week before he sailed on Titanic. And the claim was filed right after the sinking. So the diamond had to've gone down with the ship.  See the date?
Someone named Hockley, I should imagine.
I tracked it down through insurance records... and old claim that was settled under terms of absolute secrecy. Do you know who the claiment was, Rose?
It was a dreadful, heavy thing.  I only wore it this once.
Louis the Sixteenth wore a fabulous stone, called the Blue Diamond of the Crown, which disappeared in 1792, about the time Louis lost everything from the neck up. The theory goes that the crown diamond was chopped too... recut into a heart-like shape... and it became Le Coeur de la Mer. The Heart of the Ocean. Today it would be worth more than the Hope Diamond.
I should like to see my drawing.
Would you like anything?
There, that's nice. I have to have my pictures when I travel. And Freddy of course.  Isn't that right, sweetie.
Yes. Very nice. Have you met my granddaughter, Lizzy? She takes care of me.
Is your stateroom alright?
Goodbye, mother.
Rose, get in the boat!
Of course it's unfair! We're women. Our choices are never easy.
It's so unfair.
Do you want to se me working as a seamstress? Is that what you want? Do you want to see our fine things sold at an auction, our memories scattered to the winds? My God, Rose, how can you be so selfish?
How can you put this on my shoulders?
I don't understand you. It is a fine match with Hockley, and it will insure our survival.
Your father left us nothing but a legacy of bad debts hidden by a good name. And that name is the only card we have to play.
Of course I know it's gone. You remind me every day!
Rose, this is not a game! Our situation is precarious. You know the money's gone!
Charmed, I'm sure.
Mother, may I introduce Jack Dawson.
Excuse me.
My God, Rose, what's gotten into --
No, darling, lip rouge--all over your mouth.
Baloney!
I like touching you--poison ivy.  You'd just been kissing that girl when I came in, hadn't you?
Will you leave me alone?
And when you do I'll convey your respects by wireless to Herbert.  Take it easy, Lee--no other woman'll ever get you. At least I'm honest when I tell you there must be something pretty low down in me--because I like you.  You're such a swine!
--and I can tell you where to get off.
Oh--a hundred times--
I didn't ask you to come away with me--
Just make it as difficult as possible for you to see her.
You mind your own business! She's an old friend of mine and I like her--what're you going to do about it?
Did you muss up her hair by accident, too?
Don't talk such bunk! She's one of the acts on the ship. I just ran into her by accident.
Don't look so uncomfortable, Lee--it interferes with your good looks. Give me a cigarette.  What did you do--persuade her to come on this voyage with you?
Sure! You're never at a loss for words.
I can explain--
So that's your little dancer that you were playing around with in New York.  Oh--there's no accounting for tastes--  Mine, too, seem to be in the gutter.
And <U>do</U> bring Miss Marsh--  --when she's had time to tidy up a bit.
I'll join you later.
Well--shall we go into dinner?
Yes--I met Miss Marsh. In fact, she always seems to be turning up in the most unusual circumstances.  What's the matter, Miss Marsh--aren't you feeling well?
This is Miss Marsh.
Hope we're not intruding.
I'm sorry, but you three men can play poker or something.  Shall I see you tomorrow?
But, Anya, dear! Unless you play we won't have a fourth.
That's fine--because you're going to see a lot of me ... for the rest of your life.
Don't be crazy--I'm tickled to death to see you.
Here's to Europe!  Couldn't try to look a little less glum, could you?
I never want to go back....
Sure!
When I found out you were going I just had an attack of nerves--a few tears--and Herbert was on his way downtown to get my passport ... so who cares ... I'm here with you ... and that's all that matters to me.
How'd you ever get away with it?
You're a charming liar. You <U>know</U>, Herbert's too dull to be suspicious about anything--even when I suddenly decided to come to Europe at a few hours' notice--
I had an idea your husband was getting suspicious.
It would be a nice change from you.
Do you want the truth, Anya?
Then why the sudden exit without even telling me?
I wasn't running out on you. When I got over there-- made my plans--I'd have sent for you.
Any woman's crazy to feel about a man the way I do about you.
Anya, I think you're crazy.
Don't you hate people that surprise you? ... I do.  We can't stand here.
Anya!
Why worry? It was insured--how about that swimming lesson I promised you?
No--I'm furious!--Nobody seems to do anything about it--
Yes--and <U>very</U> popular-- 
Isn't she lovely?
Thanks.
We'll save you a place at our table.
Will you please excuse me? I'll be right back.
That's a date. 
I hope so.
Glad to see you again.
Good afternoon--
Sooner--if you like.  See you again, I hope.
Thanks. I'll be there. About seven-thirty?
Yes, yes--the air--  --I'm getting plenty of air.  Miss Marsh--Mrs. Rosson.
Feeling a little better, I see.
I'm just commencing to enjoy this trip.
I can think of nothing nicer. It's very kind of you to invite me--
I think you do.
I don't understand.
You were indiscreet enough to leave your gloves in my apartment one evening--  --and he was gentleman enough to boast <U>why</U> you'd been there and show me a snapshot of you.
Sorry I can't return the compliment.
You're Anya Rosson, aren't you? I've heard of you back in New York.
Thanks, no. I despise any form of exercise.  Don't forget we have an engagement for cocktails and cards.
How do you do. Would you care to finish the game? I have a slight earache.  --and it's so noisy up here.
Where's Lother?
No-o!
No!--Did <U>you</U> take that bracelet?
Did you find it?
I'm going down to my cabin. I have to send a wireless-- see you later.
You're lucky--out my way, in Montana, there's nothing else to do--
<U>Gladly</U>.
Will you pardon me?
Well, it'll have to be poker--but I'm so unlucky in that game.
You'll excuse me. 
Isn't that interesting?
--that's what we call double-a grade lumber, ma'am; You don't find a knot in a thousand feet.
Lumber, ma'am--spent all my life out there piling up a bank balance--  --and now gosh darn it--"Honest Jack"--that's what they call me--is goin' to see the world.
Montana?
A rare pleasure to meet you, ma'am! Where I come from --out in Montana--we have some pretty women, but I guess if you walked down Main Street they'd turn out the fire brigade.
Get moving--
Guess again, copper.
Is that why you killed Lee Lother?
Stick-up. Needed dough to get ashore.
What did you want a gun for?
Lifted it out of a guy's cabin last night.
Where'd you get it?
I'll lay odds you get a pair of 'em--Why, a high-school kid could take you saps--and another thing--Lay off Sally Marsh.  --"Honest Jack"! One look at your mug and the whole world buttons up its pockets.
And I'll lay odds you got that bracelet.
I'm making it to you. If I don't get it by tonight--you'll find it a <U>rough</U> voyage.
Oh, no--I played with <U>your</U> cards--in <U>your</U> cabin--at <U>your</U> suggestion--If you've got a kick coming, make it to the Purser.
In that case--you owe us exactly sixteen hundred dollars.
I agree with you--no gentleman, would--But I would--  --especially when my opponents have taken the precaution of marking the cards.
No gentleman would do that.
Sure!  Excuse me.
Could I see you a minute?
Fine--I'll be glad to.
How about a little game later?
That depends on how mother's feeling. You'll excuse me, gentlemen?
You're coming back--
And me coming in with two pair-- 
Aces full.
I'll bet a couple of hundred.
I should pass, but I'll trail along--I'll take three. 
If I ever won a pot that large the boat would sink. 
Well, I'm off to a pretty good start.
Not at all.
We haven't any chips, Mr. Brett--Do you mind playing with cash?
We'll be expecting you.
Hmm! So am I. If you'll excuse me I have some important unfinished business. I'll see you all later.
What's the matter?
Well, I'll be--!!!
Jimmy!
I'm going to return the bracelet right now and face the consequences.
I'll be waiting on deck.
Seven-fifty. Positively my last offer.
Make it five.
I'll change and be with you in ten minutes.
Come on--let's take a swim.
I'm beginning to think you're a pretty swell guy.
You can't lose me, Sally--I'm no lily myself!
He's a con man--crooked as a tree--and I was part of the racket--helped him!  Now--if you have an appointment elsewhere--I'll excuse you!
You can live that down, can't you?
Too much--Remember--I warned you about me--  I used to be Lee Lother's girl--
What do you know about them?
That was the come-on--promise me you won't play with them again--
Lose?--I won a little--
Oh, you infant! How much did you lose?
A Mr. Summers and a man called Lother.
Who with?
Just met her on the boat--supposed to play bridge with her yesterday--but she wouldn't--so we played poker instead.
How well do you know her?
Yes--I remember--
Oh, that's Mrs. Rosson--remember, you met her yesterday?
I could see you were pining away--
Good night, idiot!
Good night, Mrs. Brett!
I think we ought to walk.
I'll give you plenty of rings as soon as I get the stones set--what do you think?
You're a little ahead of yourself--the usual routine would be for you to propose, and if I accept, then you'd give me an engagement ring--
You didn't?--I guess I forgot to tell you--
I didn't <U>know</U> we were <U>going</U> to be married.
I think we'll live in Europe after we're married?
What?--
Yes--you know what I've been thinking, Sally?--
What, again?
We'll let it go at that--
Lonesome?
This time I'm really glad you showed up.
Yes--is it all right if I come like this? 
Would you like to take a turn around the deck with me?
You said it! How about a little action?
Don't let's talk about it.
You mean that?
Let's forget it--can't you see I kind of like you, too ... and I don't want to get involved.
Sally--!
--I know what I'm talking about. I'm no high-school girl looking through a window--reaching for the moon.  Guess I'll be going.
But--
Will you take some advice?  If you're looking for romance--count me out--  --if you know what's good for you.
For once I'm dead on the level--  --crazy about you!
Don't kid me. I'm in no mood for it.
You don't know anything about me. If you did, you probably wouldn't be here.
I can't blame the ocean--it's you.
That's funny--so was I.  Guess the ocean makes one sentimental
A lot of things I'd like to forget.
What are you thinking?
Decent?  I guess any guy could be decent--if you were interested.
Mighty decent of you, pal.
Anything I can do?  I'd jump overboard if it'd help you.
Thanks.
Sorry.
A little.
I must say you're persistent--  --it's kind of flattering.
You're forgiven if you don't make dates with anybody except me for the rest of the voyage.
I'm sorry I'm late, but something happened.
I'll be there--Good-by.
See you at seven-thirty in the lounge.
Wrong again--  But I dislike possessive women.
Fatal fascination of James Brett wins out.
Okay.
Sooner it you like.
At seven-thirty?
When?
But I'll have cocktails with you.
Don't rub it in.
Well, I can't.
Yes?
You asked me to dine with you tonight.
Don't be a c-a-t.
Very--your mother?
Isn't she attractive?
--you want to adopt him!--Good for you!
A little boy that has escaped from his nurse and--
Tell me.
What a horrible death! Do you know what you remind me of?
I want you to get used to my voice--you're going to hear it a lot.
Nothing to speak of. What is this--third degree?
Married?
Keep your eyes on the ball, Mister.
You know, you're not a <U>bad</U>-looking girl. In fact--I think you're lovely.
Even Cupid's becoming modern, using medicine balls instead of darts.
You <U>are</U> a lunatic!
Don't stop, nurse--I think I'm going to faint.
Mr Denby and Mr. McKinney.
Brett is the name.
This is Mr.--er--
Well--breakfast?  Lunch?
Never eat before the show.
Aw--give a feller a break. My cards are on the table-- I want to know you. How about dining with me tonight?
You work too fast for me, young man.
Oh, yes, I am, because <U>afterwards</U>--up here in the moonlight.
You're not very ambitious, are you?
This is great. I'll be able to watch your act every night.
Have we?--Well, I'd just as soon play shuffle-board.
--sorry--got an appointment to play shuffle-board.
There's soft music--
Good-by!
Wait a minute!--They're dancing in the palm court--
Good-by.
How about giving me another coat?
So you washed it off!
Don't thank me. Do you recognize me without the lipstick?
Oh--hello!  I got the flowers. That was sweet of you--thank you.
Where have you been hiding?
No! Don't touch it! I want the <U>world</U> to see my <U>shame</U>.
--You'll have all the boys tipping their hats to you--  --let me wipe it off.
I could stand some more--
You've got lipstick all over you.
Very much--
Like her paint job?
Yes--
Nice lines--
I'll say she is!
She looks like a lot of other boats. I grant you she's beautiful. 
I wouldn't miss this boat for a million.
Yes--are you?
I'd <U>like</U> to be.  Sailing on the <U>Progress?</U>
I thought you were one of my friends.
Want to take it back?
I'm so sorry!
Get it!
On the drunk.
Where did you hide it?
Why--I--er thought with all this heat turned on I'd hide it.
Listen, Runt--Quick! Where's the ice?
Hello, Jimmy. What's up?
See you later, Shortie--I'm off to the pool.
Say--wait a minute!
Sure! McKinney will never suspect you--
<U>Me</U>!
You keep it-- 
Sure--and to show you I'm a regular fella--  Here's that twenty-five hundred. 
Partners, ain't we?
About sixteen hundred.
Oh, is she? What a shame!  You'll pardon me?
Your mother is feeling seasick and would like to see you right away.
What is it?
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr Brett, but I have a message for you.
I'll take one. 
Thank you, sir. 
Thank you.  I owe you a dollar forty--here--keep the change.
Here's your twenty-five hundred, Mr. Brett.
Yes, Mr. Brett--right away.
Have the purser give you twenty-five hundred dollars for this check--and bring the cash here.
That's where you come in. Now, listen, Shortie--
Well, if that's the case, you're sure of winning the first couple of hands--But what about after that?
They won't squawk--they're professionals.
Well, I had to get some dough to play with those suckers. Here, get this changed.
You take some awful chances.
Here--drop it where they'll find it and return it to him. He's not a bad egg. I'll ship him back the fifty before we arrive.
You know where that sense of humor's goin' to get you one of these days--
I fell in his arms--Couldn't resist it.
Are you screwy?
Inspector McKinney.
Now you're talkin'!
Right!--but it doesn't have to apply to you--Keep your eyes open for anybody wearing a lot of cracked ice and give me the office.
Pleasure first if it don't interfere with business.
Shortie!--you know my motto?
A dollar forty--out of the two dollars I gave you.
Change?
My change.
No, sir?
Just a minute, steward--haven't you forgotten something?
Why <U>didn't</U> I think of that?--I am going to scout around and see if I can find her.
Maybe she's in the show--One of the troupers--did you ever think of that?
She was wearing a white dress with a cute, black hat-- and carrying a bag with S. M. on it.  Funny--her name's not on the passenger list. 
This is a business trip!
A thousand? She's one in a million--right off the top of the rosebush!
--there's thousands of 'em!
Oh, Shortie!--  --there's a girl on this ship--
Don't let money spoil a beautiful friendship. Look at these here telegrams to be delivered! This ain't a job-- it's a marathon.
Is that a nice way to talk to a pal?
Until then--the dollar forty stays with me.
Come on--  I'll promote a card game, and we'll be sitting pretty.
Not a chance.
I'll need it--gave my last buck to the bedroom steward.
A dollar forty.
How're the tips?
Yeah--but high livin's made me soft.
Stop squawking! You were doing this job on a ship four years ago when I first picked you up, weren't you?
Yer lucky I'm here at all. I tell you, Jimmy--my feet'll never hold out.
Looks like he's taking a trip--see the baggage? The only time they ever picked me up, McKinney walked through the room while they were grilling--let's see how good his memory is.
You don't think--?
Shortie, look!
You're a wise guy--Gimme back--
Oh, no--You're not gonna give my hard-earned money away.
Quick, let me have that money. I'm broke and I'll need it for tips.
I'll watch for him, sir.
He's a colored man in chauffeur's uniform carrying a basket of fruit.
Yes, sir!--I will, sir--Certainly, sir!
Nix, the law!
I'll give you half of it.  Here's seventy cents. 
No, you're not. Give me that dollar seventy.
A dollar seventy and I'm gonna keep it!
It'll never hurt you---Got any money?
Oh, I'm not squawkin', but I'm not used to working and it's a bad habit to get into.
No bank roll there, boy.  Lucky I could get you signed on--they picked up that Pittsburgh jeweler--made him talk. The heat's on, Shortie--and those Atlantic breezes are going to be mighty welcome.
We coulda got two third-class!
We didn't have enough dough for two tickets, did we?
If I was smart I wouldn't be working my way over on this ship. 
I thought you were a smart guy.
Oh, putting on the swell, eh?
Don't you know better than to talk to me with people around?
Not here--follow me around the shed.
Make it three, boys--I'll play this hand pat.
That goes two ways.
Think again--
I thought you were a sucker--
Why isn't that a good time to quit?
Why, you wouldn't quit when you're ahead, would you?
Well, to tell you the truth, gentlemen, I've sworn off playing poker.
Much better--thank you--
How's your mother feeling?
It's a pleasure.
It's your deal.
That beats two Pairs. I'm glad <U>I</U> didn't win the first pot. Take the money, Mr. Brett.
Three Jacks.
Don't worry about that.  We'll settle after the hand. Out in Montana where I come from a man's word is all that's necessary. What have you got?
I'll bet a couple of hundred--  I wonder what's keeping that boy.
Hope I didn't keep you waiting.
Come in! 
Thanks. That makes us square.
Here's your fifty.
Why, I--
Mmmmmmmmmhm....  Now, Jimmy, what were you doing in that corridor before the shots were fired?
You keep out of this--  You admit you thought of killing him--how were you going to do it?
Don't get yourself all worked up--
Don't be too smart, Jimmy--you're out in the rough yourself. You had an argument with Lother a couple of hours before he was killed--but I'll deal with that later--
Thought you might need me--don't talk, kid, and don't let him scare you-- 
Anybody that's taken the trouble to get it would be a mug to put it back.
Nice girl, that--  I'd hate to see <U>her</U> get a raw deal.  You know, the great trouble with crooks is they're <U>too</U> smart. Now if I'd taken that bracelet, I'd find some way to slip it back--I'd know I could never get ashore with it.
It's a bet--come on, Sally!
Wouldn't bet against her.  Tell you what I will do--bet you I find that bracelet before we hit France.  Not a hundred, though--just fifty.
Nooooo!--going to catch up on my reading.  I'll take this one.
Coming to the pool for a swim?
Hello, young fellow!
Then we run our hands down a man's arms and legs-- like this--in case they got what you're looking for attached to a string.  See what I mean, Purser?
Hey!--you're tickling me.
This has nothing to do with me--  But always remember, Purser, when you're searching anybody, take the lining of their coat, like this--  --run your fingers all along these seams.... Then-- back of the collar--<U>here</U>--that used to be a favorite trick--and never forget to put your finger down inside of the shoe--like this.
How about trying your fine Italian hand?
It's easy to see the Purser hasn't had much practice.
Swell!
I'll go with you.
Sure, I'll go.
Well, someone else besides myself may have seen you in the vicinity of Mrs. Rosson's cabin this evening--even the stewards in that corridor insisted on being searched. Get me?
Why?
You know what I'd do, if I were you--before the card game I'd go to the Purser's office.
No, thanks. I've promised to play cards.
How about you?
Nervous. Couldn't sleep. Feel like a nightcap? 
Thought you were going to turn in, Inspector.
Good night!
No, thanks--I'll take a walk around the deck and then turn in--
I wouldn't worry about it--it'll turn up--  How about a nightcap, Inspector?
I wouldn't be surprised--
If he lets you down I'll try my hand at sleuthing--  Bet I could find that bracelet--
Sorry--but I'm on a vacation--
It'll be very interesting to see how you go about solving this, Inspector--
Some of the smartest robberies have taken place aboard ships--
This is exciting--but if it's been stolen they can't get away with it on a ship--
No, thanks--I never gambled in my life.
Care to join us?
I'll go with you--
I'm going to the show--
No--not quite.
Yours, too. Are you the McKinney, the dentist on Calumet Avenue in Chicago?
Before that. Your face is very familiar.
Oh, yes. On the pier.
I think I've met you before, Mr. Brett.
If you hadn't agreed--I was going to throw you overboard-- 
What's that?
O.K., kid--  I'm only sorry for one thing.
Very clear. That's one favor I'll be glad to do you.
Yes--but don't ask me why--because I could never tell you. I don't know what most guys want out of life--but <U>that</U> would be enough for me--I wouldn't care about-- easy money--or--showing off my smart brains--I'd just like to live <U>my</U> life so nothing I did would bounce back and ruin <U>hers</U>--Do I make myself clear?
She did?
I won't--I'll ask for one right now.  Sally tells me she's in love with you.
Good!  At last you're making yourself useful. So long!
I should say not.
I don't know what it is, but I won't use it.  Is she entertaining you?
I would--but our rehearsal starts right away.  Before I go I want to ask you a little favor. Sally is an important part of my show. Some day--not now--when you get a chance--let her come to just one rehearsal. I'll appreciate it.
She was to meet me here--why don't you wait? She ought to be here any minute.
No--I'm looking for Miss Marsh myself. I thought you might know where she is--
Oh, Denby--have you seen Sally around?
Never mind--I'll pay for it now. It'll save time.
Wait a minute--let's match for it.
That's all right. I'll attend to this.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm O.K. It didn't hurt much.
That's too bad.
O.K. Heads you win.
Tell you what I'll do.  I'll toss you for her--heads she plays with me.
No--I'll take Sally and give you the best of it.
Now that that's settled, why not make the game a foursome?
Their faces are familiar--but not to each other.
Well. I'd rather see <U>you</U> get it than the company.
Well, there's no use in sending it.  See that--I saved you seven twenty!
Sure.
Just a minute--Your wife knows her own name, doesn't she?
O.K.! Send that!
That's great! There's the address and message all in one word.
June? That's my wife's name.
Fine! Instead of saying "next month"--we'll use one word and say "June."
Next month is June.
Wait a minute--What <U>is</U> next month?
Send that.
Now we get it down to two words--"next month."
Cut it out.
Sure.
Your wife knows that, don't she?
Back is in New York.
Just a minute--I don't think we need the word "Back" --Where <U>is</U> "Back"?
Right. Here's eighty cents. Send it.
Wait a minute--I think I can cut something else out.  "Back in four weeks." Instead of "in four weeks"--say "next month"--That saves another word.
That's right. I owe you a dollar sixty.
"Will--be--back--in--four--weeks." You don't need the "will be." Just say "Back in four weeks."
How?
Wait a minute--I think I can cut out a couple o' more words.
That's right--here's the eighty cents for you. I'd rather see you get it than the company--send it right off.
"Will be back in four weeks"--  --that saves you eighty cents right there!
Then you don't have to tell her--cut out New York.
Sure.
Your wife knows that, don't she?
In New York.
Where do you live?
How?
Eighty cents a word--three--six--nine words. That'll be seven twenty, but it's too much--I'll show you how to save some money.
What'll I say?
Here you are, sir. 
All right, folks, get on your mark. When you hear the pistol shot--
I was never stiffer in my life.
Well, you got the first down--there's one more to go. Come on, we're ready to start right now. Come on. Just keep stiff.
Who won?
Come on, get up.  That horse is carrying too much of a load.
That's fine.
Tell her you're on your way to France and will be back in four weeks.
She's in New York.
Hey, boy--give this man a cablegram blank.  Where is your wife?
That's news to me. I'd better cable my wife.
This is a fine time to be asking that. You're on your way to France.
Not yet.  Say, where is this boat headed for?
Well, did you find me?
Oh, was that me you put to bed? Thanks. I've been looking all over for you.
I thought I put you to bed.
Hello, Denby!
<U>Nuts</U> to you too!
I can see where I won't talk much to you.
So what?
Yes--Me--in person!
Not the <U>real</U> Chad Denby?--
That's me!
I can see you're no gentleman--
Knots!
What?
No. <U>Knots</U>!
Pretty good--thirty <U>miles</U> an hour--
Oh,--we're doing about thirty--
I'll say--how fast is this boat going?
Never mind.
Let me see now--Don't tell me--  You're dumber than me and I'm dumber than you. I don't get it.
Not now, Toots--Which is the right way to say this? You're dumber than me--or--you're dumber than I?
That's right--you're the one I was looking for.  You'll excuse me.   How about you and I being alone?
Oh, there you are--
<U>Denby!</U>--Are you Chad Denby?
He's funny--maybe you can use him in the show, Mr. Denby.
Yes!
Is this your gun?
Yes--but I didn't give it to him--
He asked for a loan of it, didn't he?
I didn't--
Yeah--
Maybe he just travels in bad company.
Well, I'll tell you--we picked him up about a year ago-- but could never pin anything on him.
Oh, nothing--only I wondered why you suspected him.
Well, I've seen him here and there. What's on your mind?
I understand you searched Brett for it last night. By the way--what do you know about him?
Yes, a bracelet's been lost, but I'm still on my vacation.
Hello, Inspector--I hear your vacation's been spoiled. Somebody lost a bracelet.
Oh no--I don't want to impose on you--  It's funny about that billfold--I could have sworn I had it- 
It's all right--if you like honest faces--let's have another drink--Steward!
He's a likable chap--he's got an honest face--
It must be the sea air--it gets everybody.
Those kids seem to be getting along fine!--
Yeah--if he'd only stick to shuffle-board.
You can always tell how much a man's traveled by the way he plays shuffle-board.
Too bad we're not making a trip around the world-- maybe we could finish this game.  Hey! When you get through with that conference, shoot that last disk!
Looks to me like standard equipment for the Department of Street Cleaning--
Here we are, folks--eighty thousand wild-eyed fans go mad--they go mad as Chad Denby--with the arms of iron, and the nerves of steel--picks up his racket--  What is this thing--a racket or a mallet?
Miss Marsh.
McKinney's the name.
Of course--but--  There's your cue--hurry up--
Why--don't you like him?
Very--
Very serious?
Yes.
<U>He</U> does. Here's your quarter, Brett.
I don't get the humor of that remark.
What's the difference? He's got more heads than he needs.
You're just a Master of Ceremonies. He might have knocked his head off.
Guess they're dull--nothing for you to reform.
Women are such fools!--Why do so many of us pass up <U>right</U> guys?
I'll never love anybody else.
Come on, now--you've forgotten all about that.
But not nice enough to marry--eh?
Chad Denby broadcasting--  --the nicest man I ever knew--
Stay on the other side of the pond for a couple of months--you'll soon forget all about it.
Women have a curious taste for knickknacks. When I found out about Ned--tried to make a break--Lee wouldn't stand for it and--well--here I am!
I felt pretty low, Sally, when I heard you were running around with a racketeer--
I was so crazy about him--anything he did or said was O.K. by me.  I introduced him to people--even after I knew his stock promoting was phoney and the card games were crooked. It didn't seem to matter--I didn't care--  --until he roped Ned in. Some confidence game--and the kid left his fingerprints on a drinking glass.
I get it--Lee Lother have a hand in that, too?
It wasn't only that--Ned was in a jam.
News travels fast on Broadway--you had to get away from a rat--
You made it possible for us to get away at a few hours' notice--you never asked why, but I guess you know.
Do what--
I came to tell you what a swell guy I think you are to do this--
No--Inexperienced--  A red-headed kid--homemade clothes--Broadway was Paradise--and a slot at the Automat was a Banquet.
Still got my picture, I see--I was pretty dumb then, wasn't I, Chad?
No--not much--excepting-- 
You never fail at anything, do you, Chad?
Why not? I give 'em a great show--and you know-- We're doing capacity, Sally--and all <U>Nice</U> people--
And you've put it over--haven't you?
Yep--spending lots of time aboard--you see, Sally, I sold this Transatlantic idea to the shipping company.
Swell--You've got Times Square right here--all but the noises--
Like it?
Looks like your old workshop back on 42nd Street.
Just what the doctor ordered.
Everything O.K.?
Are you paying any attention to his jokes?--the first thing you know, you'll be taking piano lessons from Venus de Milo--  Get out of here. 
You're the President. Come in! Your brother was just telling me a few jokes I can use on the radio--
Am I a member of this club?
Will be--as soon as the ship sails.
Are you happy?
Well, that's something--even if only the fish can see it.
You don't shoot squirrels.
Meaning what?
I just tried to show her the difference between the squirrels and the skunks.
Oh--I understand you were an important part of her education when she came to New York.
Why don't you be a good little boy and leave her alone?
What do you mean?
I'll give you another chance to tell the truth, Lother.
Good-night, folks.
Oh, Mr. Denby, I wrote a poem about a bracelet--
Oh,--I was having so much fun I almost forgot--
Oh, Chad--what about the rest of the show?
Oh, all right--  See you later, Toots.
H'mm ... no wonder I have trouble rounding up this show--Don't you know there's a rehearsal going on?-- And you wanted a raise.--Come on--get going or you'll get it!
No--He's probably one of the "Here's How."  Take it easy--the ocean's pretty rough today--
Is that one of the Who's Who?
Don't blame it on the ocean!--All right, you'll get the raise!
Never mind the Who's Who--Before I get on this boat I want to know What's What! How about my raise? All I get out of these ocean trips is dizzy.
All right--don't spoil the trip with any of those jokes-- there's a nice bunch of people on this trip--nothing but class--I looked over the passenger list and they're all members of the Who's Who!
Get that out of your trunk.
So what?
--And he has sex appeal.
So have I--I can get it right out of my trunk.
Well, he has a straw hat--
What's he got that I haven't got?
Maurice Chevalier! There's a fellow with personality.
Oh yeah?--My personality put this thing over--
With your dry wit and humor--
Mary--fall off the boat and turn to the left--
When it falls off the table and turns turtle--Cute?
All right. When <U>is</U> a plate of bean soup not a plate of noodle soup?
I feel better now--I've got a riddle! When is a plate of bean soup not a plate of bean soup?
Everyone but me--what do you want now, Mary?
Oh, Mr. Den-n-by!
Put the whole thing in an envelope and mail it through a porthole--
Mr. Denby--What do you think I ought to do with that part?
H'mm--<U>Dear</U> Atlantic--
I'm getting seasick--
What's the matter, Mary?
But I'm not finished yet----And your waves are so colossal--rocking boats both to and fro--Oh-h, Atlantic, how I love you ----how I love you--
Very good, Mary--
Oh, you dear Atlantic Ocean--how you spread across the sea--From New York to dear old Europe--just for boats to ride on thee--
Well, let's hear the poem--
Somebody's got to do it--
But, Mary--everybody's having such a great time-- why spoil it?
I just wrote a poem about the Atlantic Ocean--
Yep--everybody's having a good time but me--What do you want, Mary?
Easy kid--easy....  Come on--I want to talk to you.
Don't ask any questions--just give it to me.
What for?
You've got a gun, haven't you, Chad? Will you let me have it?
What happened to you?
No--but I'm going to keep my eye on--
Oh!--So that's it. Does she know he's on board?
Chad--Lother's on the boat, and I'm worried sick about Sally--
Then, after the first number, I tell the one about the Scotchman trying to open a Pullman window--the Scotchman says to the window--"Gee you're tight."-- and the window says--"You loosen up a bit and so will I."--Good?--And then I do the one--  Oh--you don't like it, eh?
It's a long trip and we'll get that sucker later.
I went for four.
About twelve hundred.
How much did you lose?
Well, I helped my hand so I'll have to see you.
Out my way in Montana we always call a bluff. 
Better unlock the door.  Sit up, darling, and be dignified.
The country boy's about due.
The man that marks them is an artist--two hundred and fifty bucks for six decks--and they're worth it.
They're a cinch to read--Queen of Clubs--  --Ace of Diamonds. 
Can you read 'em Jack?
Looks lonesome--Bring him over here.
That's him! That's the sucker!!
There's a lot of trout in this stream just waitin' for a fly.  I've already been workin' on a young fellow from Chicago--related to one of the big packin' families--on his way to Biarritz for a good time. Likes a little game of bridge and poker.
He works the boats as a "come-on" man. We ought to make a fair combination and do a little business. Jack's a pretty good dealer himself.
Eh?... Oh.
You're wasting your time--she's a friend of mine.
Not a chance--I'm through. 
I know he is. You change those clothes and then come to my cabin. I'll expect you around twelve o'clock.
I'm not so clumsy with fingerprints--
Have you ever figured they might extradite you?
Don't be a mug all your life--I'm trying to help you-- you need me more than I need you--have you figured they might pick the kid up in France and extradite him?
I've lost my taste for knickknacks--
Go ahead--you didn't used to be so fussy--
Let's see if I can bring it back to life.
Don't, Lee--that's dead.
That's a bet--but I couldn't let you walk out like that, Sally. I'd have gone cuckoo back there--just thinking about you--
--and you swear when you get to the other side, you'll never come near either of us again?
Just smile again and be reasonable.  I'll order dinner here--just the two of us--like old times.
I'm crazy about the kid and I got him into it.  What do you want me to do?
You can't bluff me any more.
Of course not--  --but isn't it a coincidence that he's from the eighteenth precinct--where they made the squawk?
Not because of Ned.
Don't kid yourself--you know how I stand back there.
--you'd go with him!
A tipoff in the right quarter to take his fingerprints and--
You leave the kid alone.
Thanks to me.
He's all right.
That's more like the old Sally--a little bit of fire.  How about Ned?
You get wise to <U>yourself</U>! If you know what's good for you, you'll leave me alone. Everybody's entitled to one mistake--Well--you're mine. When the going got too rough, I pulled up stakes and quit. We stay quit!--Get that!--And what're you going to do about it?
Get wise to yourself, Sally--you're no sob story.
I wish I could.
Because I want you--will always want you--no other woman'll ever take your place.  I want you more now than I did that first night--  You've forgotten all that, I suppose?
Why don't you leave me alone?
It wasn't smart. Even if you'd gotten away without me --I'd have found you--no matter where you were.
I didn't want to see you again--that's my privilege.
You ran away because you were afraid. I don't want it to end like that.
All right--but what is there to face? It's finished.
This is interesting--  Why didn't you tell me you gave this kid your gun last night?
I tried to borrow a gun from Chad, but--
Because I was yellow, I guess--
Why?
I wouldn't say that--  I'm glad he's dead--yes--I'd thought of killing him-- but I didn't--
S'pose you've never thought of killing him--
No!
You didn't have a gun in your hand last night?
Yes, Yes!
He's a swell person. He told me he'd rather turn one guy straight than jug a million.
Next time I get a vacation I'll spend it at headquarters. Good-night.
I hope so. Well, I guess you two can do without me. I'll be seeing you.
I've got a hunch you're going to win that bet, Inspector.
Soon as I get that bracelet back I'm going to relax. Wish the guy that borrowed it would help me out--I got to win that fifty bucks.
For a very excellent reason from your own admission--  --I'm not saying you <U>did</U>--but I think you know more than you're telling. Years of experience have taught me to mistrust circumstantial evidence. Nevertheless, in your case there's plenty of it.
Why should <U>I</U> kill him?
I sincerely hope so--
That's the truth--every single word!
Maybe you will after you've thought it over.
Sure I would--but I don't get what you're driving at.
And if you liked the person, you'd naturally persuade him to give it back and go straight, wouldn't you?
Well, of course, I wouldn't take it.
I mean if you knew it were stolen.
Say, "Thanks very much!"
He'll be back.  What would you do if anybody gave you a bracelet?
Exciting, wasn't it? Where's Jimmy?
Congratulations.
Good night!
It's getting kind of chilly on deck. If you'll excuse me, I think I'll go to bed. Good night, Mr. McKinney!
Nothin--  --I just remembered the name of a guy that owes me fifty bucks.
What's the matter?
Well, I'll be a son of a sea cook!
It all depends on what you're used to.
I mean--a lot of gentlemen would be offended if you searched them like that.
"Smooth's" the word.
He's certainly good-natured.
Thirty one's and two ten's?
Thank you.
There you are, sir.
If he comes near you again, I'll break his neck--
I'll explain later--
What!--are you crazy?
I was in his cabin--
You saw him sitting out there in front, didn't you?
I'm all right.
Aren't the roses beautiful?
Sure, Sis.
Isn't it great to be away from it all? Aren't you happy? It seems too good to be true.
Do you think Lother could have seen it?
I thought I had our sailing covered up--  --and here it is.
Because you ran after me.
Then why did you run away?
Yer crazy!--I ain't got no bracelet.
I saw him take the bracelet out of that shoe.
I tell yuh I ain't got no bracelet--
Hey--you! Where you going?
Ain't got time.
Let me look at it.
Nothin'.
Well--get a move on yer--then get back to yer station.
Telegrams.
Everything in order, sir?  What are <U>you</U> doing here, my lad?
Does it hurt?  A lot?  Good.
Oh, my God...
Why Ed, what an ugly thing to Say!  Does this mean you're not my Friend anymore?  You know, Ed, if I thought you weren't my friend I Don't think I could bear it.
Skinny lunger, your guns don't Impress me.  Wasn't for those guns You'd be nothin'.
Now Ed, are we cross?
Just pick up your money and go. Sick of listening to you simper.
Isn't that a daisy?
God damn son of a...
Ed Bailey, you look like you're Just ready to burst.  Well call me A fool but I guess I'll just have To call.  Cover your ears, darling.
Oh, for Christ's sake!
500? Sly boots, must be a peach of a hand.
I said that's 500 to you, Holliday.  In or out?
That's not what I meant.
Nice voice.
What d'you think of the singer?
Actually, you know, that's not a Bad idea, send a signal we're Growing up.
Fine, fine.  But I was thinkin', You know what this town really Needs is a race track.
So how's Tombstone treating you?
Well I'm the man to see.  Besides Sheriff I'm also tax collector, Captain of the Fire Brigade, and Chairman of the Non-partisan Anti- Chinese league.  A man of many Parts.  Got a place to stay yet?  I Also sit on the Townlot Commission.  Got a couple of Lovely cottages coming up for Rent.  Here, let me show you...
Gave all that up.  Going into business.
Wyatt Earp...Dodge City, right?
Just this minute.  I'm Wyatt Earp, These're my brothers-
Newcomers, eh?  Names John Behan, I'm Cochise County Sheriff.  Just Hit town?
You will after tonight.  Bet on it.
I don't understand.
Easy.  I just wanted to tell you Things're about to start changing Around here.  Lots of so-called Hard cases and tough-nuts swagger Around this town but none of 'em's got a clue about the real play.  None of 'em.
You whore!  You filthy whore!
My man?  You told Wyatt you'd Disarmed those men.  Do you Actually believe after that I Could see you as my man?  You're Just a dirty little fixer.
I saw that look pass between you And Wyatt at the fight.  Listen to Me!  You're mine!  Understand? You're my woman and I'm your man.
Not now.  I don't have time.
Listen, I want to talk to you.
Absolutely nothing.
I saw that look on your face just now. What's between you and Wyatt?
Maybe even my destiny.
Well I guess you can see, never a Dull moment.  Maybe you should Stay around to see what happens Next.  Who know?  You might find a Future here.
Oh, so that's it...
Yes, very.  And very married.
A peace officer... Impressive man
That's Wyatt Earp.  Made quite a Name for himself as a peace Officer in Kansas.
The man dealing faro.  Who is he?
Look kid, I know what it's like, I was a kid, too.  Even stole a Horse once.  But you can't--
Come and get him.
Look, I don't want any trouble With you but that's my horse and I mean to have him back.  One way Or another.
Where do you think?  I stole him.
I asked where you got him.
Beauty, ain't he?
Where'd you get that horse?
Well I'm not so go home.
He said to turn loose of him.
Oh, Jesus, Johnny...
Hey, you smell that?  Smells like Something died.
Easy, son.  You just need to get Your feet back under you, that's All.  Come on, boy, let's kick South.  Down to the old playground.
There's no God, there's no devil, I hate the God damn world!  I want To die!
Easy, Johnny.  Now ain't the time.  I tell you, boys, even I'm Worried what'll happen once Ringo Runs this outfit!  God have mercy!
I want them spitting blood!
And you must be Doc Holliday.
Shut up, Ike.
Well now that's a little more Like it.
He was quoting the bible, Revelations: "Behold a pale horse And the one that sat on him was Death and Hell followed with him."
What'd the Messican mean, a sick Horse's gonna get us?  Didn't make No sense.
No...
Let me, let me, yeah!  Die, you Bastard...
No...
Look at that!  Yeah!  Come and get Some, boy!
Well... 'bye.
I want you to know it's over. We're leaving and we're not Coming back.
I know.  Just did what you had to. That banner and stuff, that's Just Ike.  Don't worry about it.
I'm sorry.  If there was any other-
We're gonna get along just fine.
This brand.
Oh, we ride for a brand all right.  This brand.  How 'bout you?
And how come you call yourselves Cowboys?  Cowhands ride for the brand.
Ain't our way.  We go all on one, One on all.  Fight one of us, you Fight us all.  That's the Cowboy way.
They were all gonna jump me back There.  What ever happened to one Against one?
Fair enough.  You know I got to Admit, you got a lot of bark on You comin' up here like this.
Make you a deal.  My brother took Over the Marshal's office in Tombstone.  Got it in his head He's gonna make the place safe For widows and orphans.  You and Your boys stay out of his way, I'll make sure he stays out of yours.
Feel bad about ol' Fred.  Just Can't hold back when I'm feelin' Woolly.  Still, feel kinda bad. But now we're square.  Anyway no Use for holdin' a grudge.  I Deserved a rap in the head.
Crack me back of the head like Some stinkin' bull.  Hell, you Ain't no fightin' man, you're Just a cop.
Come on, you...
Good.  That's real good.
I'm retired.
Already got a guilty conscience, Might as well have the money too.
I see, off to strike it rich, Huh.  All right, fine, wish you Luck.  Tell you this though, never Was a rich man yet didn't wind up With a guilty conscience.
No Marshal, you don't understand. I'm through with lawing, I'm Through with the whole Proposition.  Forever.  I did my Duty, now I'd like to get on with My life.  That is if you don't Mind.  Jesus.  Good day now.
But wait, you don't understand-
I said forget it, answer's no, I Don't want the job and that's Final.  I'm going to Tombstone and Nothin' short of dyin's gonn Stop me.  Good day.
Excuse me?
Forget it.
Say when.
All right, lunger.  Let's do it.
I was kidding about that.
I beg to differ.  We started a Fight we never got to finish. Play for blood, remember?
My fight's not with you, Holliday.
Why Johnny Ringo, you look like Somebody just walked over your grave.  Oh, I wasn't quite as sick as I Made out.
Here it come: one-two-
On three?  You call it.
All right, lunger.  Have at it.
That's just my game.
In pace requiescat.
Ecentus stultorum magister.
Credat Judaeus Apella.
Age quod agis.
And you must be Ringo.  Look, Darling, Johnny Ringo.  The Deadliest pistoleer since Wild Bill, they say.  What do you Think, darling?  Should I hate him?
Yeah, you look it.
Not me.  I'm in my prime.
You retired, too?
That's the rumor.
Yes, I know.  You are a good woman.
I'm a good woman to you, Doc. Don't I always take care of you? Nobody cares for you like me.  I'm A good woman.
Not exactly...
What's that mean, Doc?  You know I Don't understand when you talk up High like that.  You mean you Don't want to be my lovin' man no more?
We must talk, darling.  It appears We have to... redefine the nature Of our association.
That's good.  I knew it wasn't nothin'.
Better.
How you feeling, Doc?
Nothing.  Not a thing.  I'm right As the mail.
What's wrong, Doc?
Enough?  Never.
That's my lovin' man.  Just can't Get enough.
Yes, but there's just something About him.  Something around The eyes, I don't know, reminds me Of... me.  No.  I'm sure of it, I Hate him.
You don't even know him.
I been having the boy at the Hotel pack us up every night Since your streak started
I calculate that's the end of This town.  And let's don't bother About the luggage, darling.
Bless you, darling  Darling!  Are you mad?  You're not Wearing a bustle.  How lewd!
Here, Doc.
Run.  Take that girl and start Running.  Run and don't look back. All your life you been running And looking back and just barely Existing and calling it getting By.  This time run and don't look Back and call it living.  Live Every second, live it right up to The hilt.  Live, Wyatt...  Live for me.
All right.  Then what?
First you can grab that black- Haired woman and make her your own.
Then what do I do?
I played the cards I was dealt, Wyatt.  Your problem is you're Always trying to play someone Else's.  Allow me to tell you the Truth and thus set you free: There is no happiness, Wyatt There is no normal life.  There's Only life, that's all.  Just life. The rest is relative.
That's great coming from you.
When will you wake up?  You Wouldn't know a normal life if it Bit you in the ass.
All I ever wanted was to live a Normal life.
You think I'm kidding.  You're the Most fallible, wrong-headed, self- Deluding, just generally Benighted jackass I've ever Known.  Yet, withal, even at your Worst, you're the only human Being in my entire life who ever Gave me hope.
All right, Doc...
I imagine it would, yes.  So now We can add self-pity to your list Of frailties.
Hurts.  Hurts pretty bad.
Rather an obvious question under The circumstances, don't you Agree?  A better one might be how Do you feel?
How you feelin', Doc?
Well hell, Wyatt.  Wyatt, I want You to meet Father Feeney.  Father Feeney's just been initiating me Into the mysteries of the great And ancient Church of Rome.  You See, it appears my hypocrisy Knows no bounds.
Never got to wear one of those.
That's all right, Doc.  Don't worry.
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry, Wyatt.  God, I'm so sorry.
Revenge?  For what?
What does he want?  He wants revenge.
So what does he want?
A man like Ringo's got a great Empty hole right through the Middle of him and no matter what He does he can't ever fill it.  He Can't kill enough or steal enough Or inflict enough pain to ever Fill it.  And it drives him mad. Sick mad.  Cold and dirty.
What makes a man like Ringo, Doc? What makes him do the things he does?
Don't touch me, God damn it!  Just Don't touch me!  Come on...
Doc...
I don't know.  It all happened so Fast.  If I'd had a chance to Think about it I guess I probably Would've been scared but... Swear To God, Doc, I just don't know.
I'm a man without fear, Wyatt.  I Literally don't care if I live or Die.  But even I can't fight human Instinct.  Somebody suddenly Starts shooting at me, I duck. But you... what on earth were You thinking about?
No...
Wyatt, my God!  You're shot to pieces!
Felt his liver go on that last One.  Get him to a doctor or he'll Be dead in a couple hours.
It appears he missed an excellent Chance to keep his mouth shut.
Sorry, sorry...
I won't be pawed at, thank you Very much
But Doc-
Nonsense, I have not yet begun to Defile myself.
Been hittin' it awful hard, Doc.
Wyatt!  Just in time.  Pull up a chair.
You will or you won't.  Don't look To me.  I'm going to sleep.
Maybe I ought to go out there.
In vino veritas.
He's drunk.
I stand corrected.  Wyatt.  You're An oak.
Satisfied?
I'll remember you said that.
I'd ignore her.  People can Change, Doc.
Ignore her?
I don't know.  Probably ignore her.
You know damn well who I mean. That dusky-hued lady Satan.
I see.  And what would you do if "she" walked in her right now? WYATT "She"?
Well yeah.  Pretty much.  I mean I Was no angel when we met but People change Doc.  I mean sooner Or later you gotta grow up.
So tell me, Wyatt.  I'm curious. Do you actually consider youself A married man?  Forsaking all Others?
And what a maiden, pure as the Driven snow, I'm sure.
So now we're in the mining Business.  Turning into regular Tycoons.  Gonna call this one the Mattie Blaylock.  Mattie'll get a Kick out of that, it's her maiden Name.
But who was the Devil?
Very instructive
I know him.  That's Creek Johnson.
Very cosmopolitan.
Forgive me if I don't shake hands.
Sheriff Behan, Doc Holliday.
That's what I love about Wyatt. He can talk himself into anything.
Depends how you look at it.  I Mean it's not like anybody's Holding a gun to their heads.
I said poker's an honest trade. Only suckers buck the tiger.  The Odds are all with the house.
Didn't you always say gambling's An honest trade?
Since when is faro a business?
Perfect, Wyatt.  Simply perfect.
Doc!  How the hell are you?
You know, Frederic-fucking-Chopin.
A which?
I see, well this happens to be a Nocturne.
You know, Stephen Foster.  "Oh, Susanna".  "Camptown Races", Stephen-stinkin'-Foster!
What?
Hey, is that "Old Dog Tray"? Sounds like "Old Dog Tray".
I'm telling you, there isn't a Mark on him.
What?  But I saw 'em-
I don't believe it.  He's clean!
I don't.
Hell, I got lot's of friends.
Wyatt Earp is my friend.
Then why in hell're you doin' This?  You ought to be in bed.
Not half as bad as I feel.
You really look awful.
Sorry...
Don't touch me!
Sheriff, may I present a pair of Fellow sophisticates, Turkey Creek Jack Johnson and Texas Jack Vermillion?  Watch your ear, Creek.
Drunks.  Crawfished a bet, called Him a liar.  I saw the whole thing.
Damn!  All right, wait a minute...
You're the doctor.  sad news, friend.
Can't take the heat, get outta The kitchen.
Awful lot of money.
Told you.  I'm red hot, I'm Blazin'!  Now, red seven.  Seven Stinkin' diamonds.  Look out!  Five Thousand!  Let's go!
I'm your man...  You win again.  Well played, sir. You are on fire.
All right, I'm on fire!  Black Seven, seven stickin' spades. Let's go!
So're the Cowboys.  They're up That road right now, waiting to Jump us.
Colorado's closer
All right, what's it to be?  New Mexico's that way.
I know.  Me neither.
Wyatt, I... I ain't got the words.
All right Wyatt, maybe you can. But you gotta die to do it. Understand?  You gotta die!
But I'd do it, I'd get that one Into him.  So help me God, I would.
I made a promise.
Wyatt, are you crazy?
You tell Ringo... just tell him I'll be there.
Cards in spades.  I'm in love with Every second of her life.  Hell, I'll probably love her when I'm dust.
Good God, you're really-
See how she breezed out of here. Like she had wings.  Funny thing But I can't really remember how She looked.  I can remember parts Of her clear as crystal, her Mouth, her walk, how she shut her Eyes when she laughed, little Bits and pieces, but not the Whole package.  Can't put it Together for some reason.
No.
What?
No.
There's no reasoning with him.
Maybe you ought to have a talk With Doc, Wyatt.  I don't know if He's gonna make it.
I'll pay you 500 each in advance And I'll mount you on those.
Are you out of your mind?  What on Earth'd make us-
What was that all about?
Hello, Wyatt!  Hiya Doc!
It rides right at 'em.  Like McMasters said, see it through to The end.
We're the law, ain't we?  Well the Law don't ride around vermin-
I'll be dipped in shit.  I will, too.
Praise Jesus!
He's right, Wyatt.  Ringo could Put five into you before you Could even get one into him.
Wyatt, listen, you can't beat Him.  You're good and God knows You got the courage, but you Ain't in Ringo's class.  Hell, He's the best that's ever been. 'Cept maybe for Wild Bill.
Never even heard of anything like it.
Hey Creek, you ever see anything Like that before?
How is he?
Yeah, better run, you bastards!
Not so sure.  Somethin' tells me It gets harder from here in.  Should've held out for more money.
You know, we might just pull this off.
Yeah.  Or undertakers.
There they go.  Look kinda like preachers.
Don't worry, Wyatt.  My family's rich.
I have nothing left.  I have Nothing to give you.  I have no Pride, no dignity, no money.  I Don't even know how we'll make a Living.  But I promise I'll love You every second of your life.
Did you ever see the sun come up Over the Rockies?  It hits all of A sudden and below there's California and you swear you're Looking at heaven.
Wyatt!  My God...
Wait!
I have to go.
You did.  Well... thank you.
I forgave you the moment you said it.
Sorry about your friend.  And I'm sorry about...
Wyatt...
No, no, get away, get away from me...
I can't, I'm sorry.  Forgive me.
You know you don't have to sneak. You could stay with me.  I know Things, Wyatt.  Sweet things.  I Could make you so happy.
I didn't mean it that way.
You feel bad about this?  About me?
Look, it's too much of a tangle. I already cast my lot.  I can't go Back and I can't sneak, feel back Enough as it is.
So I assume we're regarding this As just a kind of interlude.
Getting late.  We better get back.
Always?
Well you'll always be Sadie to me.
I hate Sadie.
Josie... No, I'm gonna call you Sadie.
And I'm Josephine Sarah Marcus. My friends call me Josie.
Easy to fix.  Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp.
And I don't even know your full name.
Fortuitous even.
I must say this certainly has Been an unexpected little Windfall.
Then let's make sure we get our Money's worth
You know this is adultery.  You Burn in hell for that.
I know, me too.  What should we do About it?
I don't know, doesn't make any Sense.  I almost can't look at You.  Like it hurts.
What's wrong?
Well you're different, no arguing That.  But you're a lady all right. I'll take my oath on it.
Oh look, I haven't got time to be Proper, I want to live.  I'm a woman, I like men.  If that's Unladylike then I guess I'm not a Lady.  At least I'm honest.
The way you talk.  Never heard a Woman talk like that.
Well he's handsome and he's Charming.  He's all right.  For Now.  Don't say it, I know, I'm Rotten.  I can't help it.  I've Tried to be good but it's too Boring.
You mean Behan?  Then why are you with him?
See?  You're laughing again.  But That's what I want.  Go places and Move and never look back and just Have fun.  Forever.  That's my idea Of heaven.  Need someone to share It with, though.
Room service.
Well I ought to know my own mind And I'm tellin' you what suits me Is a family and kids.  That suits Me right down to the ground.  In Fact, that's my idea of heaven.  All right, what's your idea of heaven?
Just doesn't, that's all.
How would you know?
Doesn't suit you.
I don't know, make some money, Have some kids, you know.
Just answer.
Where do you get these questions?
Nothing... Tell me, what do you Want out of life?
What about her?
Of course, I'm always happy. Unless I'm bored.  That blonde Woman, is that your wife?
I'm not touchy, I just, it's a Silly question, that's all.  Am I Happy?  Are you happy?
You're a little touchy about it.
Am I happy?  I don't know.  Happy As the next man, I guess.  I don't Laugh all day long like an idiot, If that's what you mean.
Yes, but how often?  Tell me, are You happy?
I laugh sometimes
Wouldn't you?  You're laughing!  I Was sure you never laughed.
You'd die for fun?
Fun though, wasn't it?
You know you almost got us both Killed back there?
That was lovely!
I have a better idea, let's run It out of them!
They know.  It's the scent.  We Better split 'em up.
Oh...  Now she's starting.  How do they know?
Easy now... That mare's in season.
What is it?
I know what it means.
Wyatt Earp, I know.  I was Beginning to think we'd never Meet.  This is fortuitous.  That Means lucky.
We've never actually met.  My Name's-
Don't worry, Doc, it's not your problem. You don't have to mix up in this.
Those Cowboys're tellin' Everybody in town they're gonna Clean you out.  They're down in That lot right now behind the OK Corral.
Well sure, neighbor, easy to say.
Why don't you get rid of him and Get yourself straight dealer?
You see that bird at the faro Table?  That's Johnny Tyler.  He Barged in here one day, said he Was takin' over the game, started Slappin' customer, wavin' his Gun around, scarin' off all the High-class play.  Only trade comes In here now's just bummers and Drovers, just the dregs.
Well, excuse me for askin', Milt, But isn't it kinda dead in here?
Milt Joyce, owner-operator.
Let me have one of those cigars.  Kinda nice in here.  You run it?
What can I get you?
Will you go to her and tell her Right in front of me she's Nothing to you?  Right out loud so I can hear?  Tell her she's Nothing, tell her she's nobody, Just dirt?  Will you do that?
All right, look.  I can make it Right, I can make this up to you, Mattie.  I can, I swear.
You know nothing.  What you don't Know would fill a book.  Jesus, I Feel like it's when you're around I need it most.  You're never Yourself, you never relax.  Never. Everything's so stiff and dead. You always have to keep a rein on Everything, ever yourself.  Oh, You smile sometimes, I've even Seen you laugh.  But there's no Light in your smile for me, Wyatt, nothing to keep me warm. And I get cold, Wyatt.  I get so cold.  What's between you and that Jew woman?
Look, Mattie, I know you're-
Admit what, I'm an opium fiend? No, Wyatt, I just said I need it. I need something to keep me warm At night.
'Least you admit it.
I need it.
Mattie.  What about this?
Yeah, well, I swore a lot of things.
Thought you swore you'd never Carry that thing again.
Just thinkin' out loud.  Forget it.
Wyatt, what're you talkin' about?
Well, I was thinking, we've Already made a pile of money. Maybe we should just pull up Stakes and move on.  And we could Stay on the move, you know?  Just Keep going, see the world.  Live On room service the rest of our Lives.  How'd that be?
Sure I'm sure.  What is this?
Really?  You sure?
I don't know.  I'm all right.
Out ridin'.  So... how you doin'?
I know what I'm doing.  Where have You been?
That the bottle Lou gave you? Better go easy on that stuff.
All right, well, good night.
Just go.  It's all right.  Wyatt, Really.  Work well.
No really, I can stay a while.
No, no, I don't want to keep you.
Well I guess I don't have to go Right now.  I guess I could stay a little while.
Oh, all right.
Honey, I gotta start makin' money.
No, stay.  Please stay with me.
You get lonely?
They're just lonely is all.  Hell, I howl myself sometimes.
Long as I live I'll never Get used to that sound.
I think I'll just lie down awhile
Come up to the fire, honey.
Mattie, they're here!  Folks this Is Celia Ann but you can call her Mattie.  Or even Mrs.  Earp if you Prefer.
Wyatt, I couldn't find a single Store that had laudanum any-
You're the boss.  One thing, though.
'Least they don't scare women.
Isn't there anything I can say That'll change your mind?  You're Gonna stay with your new friends?
Forget it, Ringo.
You're a Cowboy, you're a Brother.  Come back, no hard Feelings.
That what you got me up here for?
Yeah, kinda, wanted to see if you'd join back up with us.
You wanted to talk?
Well hello, Sherm.
Might as well hear him out. Anyways, what choice we got?  But no matter what happens, see It through to the end.  If you don't I'll curse the day I ever laid eyes on you.
I don't like it.
We'll go around that way, come up on foot.
There they are.  No herd though.
They're wise by now.  Which is Next, Iron Springs?  Yeah, let's Try there, Iron Springs.
Next waterhole's Black Draw.  We Could be there by mid-morning.
So he can tell the story.
What'd you do that for?
We'll see about that.
But this time they'll be ready.
I know that cut.  You mean there's A waterhole near there?
Drop his horse.
Florentino!  He's getting away!
All right, run 'em off.
I ain't your brother, I ain't None of your damn brothers.  Move!
Not anymore, not after this.
No?  Brothers to the bone, right?
No, wait.  Please.  I know nothin' I say'll fix things but I want You to know it wasn't me.
There's all kinds of horses, Ain't there?  Same with Cowboys. What they do's their affair.  I Don't preach and I don't judge.  I Ain't no dog-catcher.
Yeah, but some of the things they Say your brothers've done...
If I had to explain it you Wouldn't understand.  Just say We're brothers to the bone.
So what about you Cowboys anyway?
Well in that case, I saw your Horse.  Billy Clanton was takin' Him up to the Cut to show him Off.  The boys're all up there Right now, branding.  And in a Mood.  Still want your property Back, Mr. Private Citizen?
I'm not a lawman, I'm just a Private citizen getting' my Property back
Look, I got a rule.  I don't talk To lawmen.  Dog-catchers neither.
McMasters, isn't it?  Listen, you Seen a black stallion with-
Run for your lives, boys!  It's That great two-gun dog-catcher From Kansas!
Isn't true.  I can't see a damn thing.
Easy Morg, don't think about that now.
Remember about the light you're Supposed to see when you're dyin'?
Will somebody get the damn dog out-
You were right, Wyatt.  They got Me good.  Don't let 'em get you Too.
You're on.
I just got it fixed.
Listen to yourself, Wyatt.  Lie Down and crawl or you might get Hurt?  What kinda talk is that? That's Virgil lyin' over there, Wyatt.  Our own brother.  Ruined For life.  No sir, I ain't going No place.  You want to go, fine. I'm stayin' right here and have It out with those bastards.
I know, I was wrong.  But Morg, Look, we got to get out.
I am usin' it, Wyatt.  Been Wonderin' how the hell we got in This tangle.  You know they hit Clum's house, too?  Shot up his wife. His wife.  Who ever heard of That?  Men sneakin' around in the Dark, back-shootin', scarin' Women?  They're bugs, Wyatt.  You Know all your smart talk about Live and let live?  Ain't no live And let live with bugs.
Morg, use your head.
What's it look like?  They want a Piece of me they can come and get It, I'm not crawlin' into my hole.
Morgan, are you crazy?  They're Out gunning for us!  What the Hell're you doin'?
Get down, boy.
That didn't sound like thunder.
That thunder's sure somethin'.
I'm the one made a mess.  Made a Right fair mess of the whole thing.
Dropped him, that was it.  Sorry If I made a worse mess for you.
I know, kid.  I know.  Me too.
You were right.  It's nothin' like I thought.  I almost wish...
Fine.  Better.
How you doin', boy?
I know.  And nobody can make him.
Doc won't quit, been up 36 hours. Clanton came in an hour ago, they Switched over to poker.  Tried to Get him to bed but he just won't Let go.
What're you talkin' about?
All right, say you're right, say You don't get yourself killed. There's something else.  It's too late for Virge, he Already rolled his bone.  But it's Not too late for you, Morg.
Like you said, just gotta know How to handle 'em.  Old Fred Wasn't up to it.  We know that We're doin', Wyatt.
Yeah?
Come on, we're not about pickin' Fights.  Just gonna keep a little Order, that's all.
Listen to me, both of you.  This Is no good.  This is trouble we Don't need.  For the first time in Our lives we got a chance to stop Wandering and finally be a Family.  Do this and you throw it All away.  You saw what happened To Fred White.
Just his style, Morg.  Doesn't Mean anything.
Hey Doc!  Come on now.
I'll be damned...
It's that woman from the coach!
Lotta law around here.  Just met the Sheriff.
Wyatt, meet Fred White, he's town marshal.
Hey, Wyatt, God damn it, I'm serious!
Really?  What about hell?  They got A sign or what?
I read this book, book on Spiritualism...
Got me.  Somethin'.  Nothin'.  I Don't know.
Well what do you think happens When you die?
Maybe, yeah.  Hell, I don't know.
Boy, look at all those stars.  Bet You can see every star there is. Practical touch 'em.  Kinda makes You think, you know?  I mean you Look up and you think God made All that but he still remembered To make a little speck like me. Kinda flattering really.  Hey, Wyatt, you believe in God?  No, Come on, really, do you?
Hope so.  Clean up with this boy.
Give him some good exercise?  Sure Some stud.  Some string in fact. What're you gonna do, race 'em?
Hey!  Virgil!  My God!  Morgan!  Hey, Boy!  You look great!  Both of you!
Well how do we look?
Listen Mister, I'm getting' tired-
Go ahead.  Skin it.  Skin that Smoke wagon and see what happens.
Well I'm real scared.
Yeah.  It's a fact.
That a fact?
Don't need to go heeled to get The bulge on a dub like you.
For a man that don't go heeled You run your mouth kinda reckless.
Yeah.  It's a fact.
That a fact?
Just wanted to let you know You're sitting in my chair.
You back that Queen again, you Son of a bitch, I'll blow you Right out of that chair!  Somethin' on your mind?
Doc's just in no kinda shape.
We should get moving.
Sure...
Talked it over.  We decided we Don't need the money.  Took out 13 Dollars each, though.  Federal Posseman's fee.  That all right?
500... Year's wages.  And I never even saw a horse like that.
Got a sheaf of federal warrants. Being in the Territories it's up To our discretion how they're Served.  That means we got the Cowboys without quarter.  The Black flag, brother.  No Prisoners, no mercy, amen.
They're nothing.  They're nobody. I want the Cowboys.  All of 'em.  I Mean to break 'em up, drive 'em Out of the territory.
Way ahead of you, Wyatt.  You want Us to help you get Ike Clanton And Johnny Behan.  Everybody knows They're the ones to blame for Your brothers.
Jack...
Easy, gents. Private affair...  Wyatt! Doc! Hey!
Wyatt...
Virgil?
Bundle up, Virge.  Cold out there.
Getting late.  Guess I'll turn in.
Look at 'em all.  They love it. How in the hell'd we get Ourselves into this?
Wyatt, I know what I'm doin'.
Virge, you're makin' the arrest. You make contact, I'll back you Up.  Morgan'll back me up, Doc'll Keep an eye out for trouble.  And Keep your hands on your guns. They even look like they're gonna Start something, buffalo 'em. Right over the head.
All right, Virge, your call.  But Give Doc the shotgun.  They'll be Less apt to get nervy if they see Him on the street howitzer.
No, damn it, it's wrong, they're Breakin' the law.
Virge, that's a misdemeanor.  You Go down there to arrest 'em, Something goes wrong, maybe this Time somebody gets his head Broke, suddenly it's a mess and It won't end there, you'll have Cowboys comin' around lookin' for Trouble from here to Christmas. You gonna risk all that over a Misdemeanor?
They're carrying guns in town.
You'll never make that stick.
Wyatt, they're threatening our lives.
Wait till the liquor wears off. Once they start getting headaches They'll lose interest.
Easy, Virge, they're just tryin' To egg us on.
Here they are again.  Look at 'em.
Just stay calm, use your head. It'll be all right.  Just the Same, though...  Guess you better swear me in.
Billy Clanton, Wes Fuller, and Billy Claiborne.  Now there's six Of 'em.  This is like a bad dream.
You are the one, Wyatt.  You sure are.
Business is business.  Don't have To love 'em to work with 'em.  Not If there's money in it.
Wait a minute, you thinkin' of Getting in bed with the Cowboys?
Maybe I jumped the gun.  Maybe Those Cowboys aren't near as bad As they're painted.  You know I Was thinkin', there's a lot of Money in the cattle business...
Nothing to do with me?  I'm your Brother for Christ's sake.  God, I Don't believe this.  Talk to him, will you?  Or hit him.  Oh no, don't tell me...
It's got nothin' to do with you, Wyatt.  It's-
Virgil, please.  Don't do this to me.
I couldn't help it, Wyatt.  I Looked at that woman and it was Just like somebody slapping me in The face.  I mean these people're Afraid to even walk down the Street and I'm trying to make Money off it like some kind of God damn vulture.  That's not me, That's somebody I don't even know.
Kinda, actually, yeah.  I gotta admit.
Pretty fun too, isn't it?
I can't hardly believe it.  It's Working out just like you said, Wyatt.  We're lootin' this burg Six ways through Sunday.
You know, I was thinkin', maybe We ought to open our own place. That's the real money.  Build it Up, milk it for all it's worth, Then sell it off for a bundle and Breeze out of this burg with more Money than Croesus and ready to Live like kings.  Let's you and me Take a walk around town, Virge, See if we can scout us out a Couple of nice lots.
I know, I need a keeper.
Keep your eye on that brass ring. Don't let anything side-track you.
Better go with 'em, honey.  Here's Where I leave you.
Her maiden name was Sullivan.
So to speak.
Acquired?
Well we're off and running.  Just Acquired us a quarter-interest in The game at the Oriental.
Just like any other hard cases. Gotta know how to handle 'em.
Look pretty rough.
Hit a streak when we left.  Him And Kate.
Well that's your problem.  Hey Virge, see anything of Doc while You were in Prescott?
We're gonna do it, boys.  Gonna Get ours.  Feel it in my bones. All we have to do is keep our Eyes on that brass ring.
Well here we are a family again. Been so long plain forgot how Good it feels.  Want to thank you For that, Wyatt.  All your doin'.
Look at that.  Busted.  Brand new Money Ward, too.  33 years old And I don't even have a decent Watch.  'Bout time I started Lookin' out for myself.
But she doted on the frowner
Allie-girl...And Louisa!  You're So lovely.  I'm at your feet, Darlin'.  Just at your feet.  Guess it's only right.  Ma always Said you were the prettiest.
None of my business, Fred.
No, I gotta do something.  I don't Suppose you'd card-
Why don't you just leave it alone?
Yeah, and dangerous.
Ike Clanton, Old Man's eldest Son.  Know he ain't got the stuff, Makes him miserable.
Curly Bill, huh?  Who was that Other idiot?
See what I mean about it getting Spooky?
Ah, now that's the real mother- Lode in Tombstone.  Up and down Allen Street, full-blast 24 hours A day, liquor, hostesses, Gamblin', makin' money hand over Fist.  All except the Oriental.  On Account of the element.  Have a Man for breakfast in there most Days.  Regular slaughter house. High-rollers won't go near it. Too bad, nice place.
What about all these saloons?
GET BOND OUT OF THERE.
It's too late -
Bring up the tracking satellite. And get 007 out of there.
I appreciate your assistance, M. But this is now a military operation.
- Thank you, M. But this is more than your man can handle.  Are we in agreement?
But -
What do they say in Russia, General Bukharin? 
- I'll be sure to acknowledge 007's 'assistance' in my report to the Prime Minister. But this is, still, a naval operation.
... What were you saying, Admiral? Something about this 'not being a job for a wine-sniffing, skirt-chasing playboy spy?'
I expect to have that gold recovered in 36 hours. Until then, I'm imposing my own electronic silence: For the sake of the economy, not a word to NATO, the press, the CIA.  ...And so long as Commander Bond here seems to be such an expert on these matters, I want him to go along as an observer. Are we agreed?
36 hours. They've already sailed from the Persian gulf.
At least we know where the gold is. When are the recovery ships due?
And I have the entire British economy to worry about.
I resent your tone, sir. I have men who are missing -
Why wasn't the ship protected?!?! Why was it sailing without radar?
Admiral, are you suggesting -
Excuse me, but -  I must formally protest this meeting. Given the nature of what's occurred - and the need for secrecy - I see no reason to involve the air force, the army, or MI-6.  This is an internal affair that should be handled strictly by the officers of her Majesty's Royal Navy.
Good evening. I've just spoken with the Prime Minister at the economic summit in Tokyo; he's expecting a full update within the hour.  For those of you still unaware, some forty minutes ago -
Take the girl. Leave the handcuffs. We'll drown her at sea.
I'd rather die alone.
What about the gold?
...As the advertising says: Tomorrow never lies.
Chernobyl will look like a campfire.
- Instant melt-down.
Precisely, Mr. Bond. In a matter of minutes, the boring device will arrive at the core of the reactor...  And when the radioactive blades cut into the plutonium -
...So that's what the weapons grade uranium was for.
My guards are from South Africa, Mr. Bond. This is their chance to get even with the formerly 'Great' Britain.  Now both of you. Put your hands on your heads, and step forward.
Are your guards really going to kill a helpless girl?
Good-bye, Mister Bond.
I'm sure they will.
Sidney, perhaps we should leave this to -
...And what's that, my dear?
Don't pout, Sidney. I invited him here hoping he might shed some light on your story. He's from 'Lloyd's of London.'  ...Aren't you, Mr. Bond?
Briefly.
Your choice.  Look at the time! Come. There's someone I want you meet - about a story I'm thinking of publishing.
...Words to live by?
You see, Mr. Bond, you and I are both men of action. But your era is passing. Words are the new weapons; satellites the new artillery. And make no mistake about it: In the right hands, they can be as deadly as your Walther PPK.
Fantastic idea Mr. Bond! Perhaps I should buy it for a book! It's totally preposterous, but -  You amuse me. ...And now perhaps I can amuse you.
Or disinformation... If you wanted to, say, beam down a signal to send a ship off course? Maybe one degree a minute?
They're merely tools to disseminate information.
...Although it must be fun to have all those satellites.
And still not a thing to watch.
Welcome to the new world order, Mr. Bond.  Churchill had his armies; Caesar had his legions; I have my divisions:  News, sports, business, entertainment. And these are my foot soldiers:  2000 people working on 14 floors to feed 300 newspapers, 4 cable news networks, 87 magazines, and 29 different cable TV channels - in 35 languages.
Because it's a dying city. Since the Chinese take-over, who knows what can happen tomorrow?  In any case, this is my father, Charles: A royal bastard who started the first radio and television stations. Said I'd never amount to anything, but...  I turned it into this
So why did you leave?
My third great Uncle - the Earl of Aberdeen - negotiated the purchase of Hong Kong from the Chinese.  His son-in-law - George Harmsway - made the first family fortune, running opium into Shanghai...  His son, Thomas, who lost it, smoking the opium... And my grandfather Henry, who opened the first telegraph station, and published the colony's first English newspaper.  It was a city of unlimited possibility.
Yes. I can see: You've hung the rest of your relatives.
I call this the Rogue's gallery.
Sightseeing.
By the way - what is it that brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mister Bond?
I can feel your pain.
Still, I do miss her. I only wish she could have lived to see all this.
The only difference between a psychopath and a genius, Mr. Bond, is the degree of success.
I wonder if it runs in the family.
I tried to save her. But she remained a manic depressive: Fits, inappropriate behavior... Delusions of grandeur.
I see.
Before I became involved with Paris, she was always involved with the most inappropriate' men...  Playboys. Thrill seekers. Middle aged Peter Pans who only brought out the worst in her.
Come. Let's get out of the noise.  - I'll give you a tour of the building, then we'll talk.
Sir Elliot.
Mr. Bond! Nice to see you.
I'm on my way.
Oh, please, Mr. Bond. We live in the information age! Information is currency - and with the right currency, you can have any piece of information.  Besides I own the phone company. What do you say? Twenty minutes?
How did you get this number?
We'll see about that.
A piece of advice, Mr. Bond: Don't screw with a man who buys ink by the ton.  It's deadlier than uranium.
Which part? The Colonel's? Or yours?
I hope you've enjoyed this little charade.
I can tell you're a man with an eye for exquisite possessions, Mr. Bond.  Darling! Come here.  I want you to meet my wife.
It's a beautiful boat, Sir Elliot. Practically glows in the dark.
You might say I've always been one of Mr. Valentin's biggest followers.
Always nice to meet one of her Majesty's fellow subjects...  Especially one with such distinguished friends.
Him? He, is a she -  at the bar.
Where can I find him?
Maybe you should talk to Sidney Winch. Owns a marine salvage company. Nobody knows more about the Strait.
I appreciate your time -
Next morning. Both boats. Nothing wrong.  My 90 year old grandfather thinks 'Ghost in the computer - Silicon Dragon.'
Did you test the auto-pilots? The satellite positioning receiver?
The Kuala Lumpur ferry was 35 miles off-course that night. Captain blamed the auto-pilot; I suspected he was drunk - until the Sumatra ferry captain had same problem.
I'm sorry.
Sometimes kill the crew; other times -  Torture them.
I know. Pirates from Sumatra want the cargo; smugglers from Thailand and Burma want the ships.
In the Strait of Malacca, when a boat is even five minutes late, one begins to worry, Mr. Bond.
No, 007. It's just that I've learned from personal experience - that when we get what we want -  Somehow the reality is never as... Satisfying as the fantasy.
What - no lust for adventure?
Not all of us, 007.
- We all want what we can't have?
Actually, I've never known you to do either... But -
Moneypenny! How indiscreet! Have you ever known me to kiss and tell?
By the way, James: Ordinarily I would never ask, but... Weren't you and that Colonel once stranded on a raft for two weeks in the Sargasso Sea?
In the darkest moments, it's what I live for. Especially since I've heard how much you like to watch... On the hidden camera.
Hello, James. Enjoy your meeting?
Moneypenny! We've got to stop meeting like this. They may be on to us.
Ah, James. You always were a cunning linguist... Au revoir, mon cher.
Tsi tien, Chien-penny.
Four o'clock. Don't be late.
4:30. It may take me a little longer to wrap things up here.
Four o'clock. M will meet you in the conference room.
Moneypenny... Here I was, finally getting a feel for a new tongue -
I'm sure she is, James. But I'm afraid you'll have to 'kiss off' the rest of your lessons this afternoon.
Don't even think about it. 007. They're my granddaughters.
I must say, Q, you seem to be doing rather well in your retirement.
Standard equipment. The world's automobile manufacturers seem to be in some kind of mad war to see who can provide the most beverage cup holders.
... 17 Beverage cup holders?
Yes. And do try to keep all four of them on the road.  All the usual refinements: Smoke, missiles, machine guns -  Fully operational remote control. Drives forward, reverse -  Stop that!  Plus infrared thermal imaging radar, heads up instrumentation, and 17 beverage cup holders.
- Four wheel drive?
Your new car. 
I don't care who you dial, so long as it's not me. Next -
Do I have to dial '9' to get out?
Not a clue. I didn't lose the ship.  Next, your new personal communicator.  Picture-phone, fax, beeper.
Do you have any idea of what any of that means? In English?
That hardly makes up for the imposition.  Now, for what I hope will be the very last time - pay attention, 007.  First, computer generated retrograde analysis map. Body here, meteorolog- ical influences here, likely vector- ing of the ship's coordinates here.
I'm sorry. It was a national emergency -
Retired. I'm not getting paid to help you save the world anymore.
Q! How are you?
I know what I saw -
That's absurd! It took two squads of forty men fifteen days to load that gold.
Yes, the ship is down there. But the gold is gone.
What are you talking about? We went through all this and the ship isn't even down there?
...That's all well and good, Captain, save for one thing:  There's no gold down there.
Yes. The famous James Bond. I've heard all about you, sir. You were under direct orders to act as an observer - and yet you had to go off, on your own, like some half-assed CIA cowboy -  Endangering the gold, attracting that lunatic woman, and then putting in a distress call for us to save your bloody hide.
Don't you think you're overreacting?
Get them out of here. If he says one word, shoot him.
Wait a minute -
Guard! Arrest these men! Escort them to the cutter!
Yes -
One thing at a time. I'll see you in twenty minutes. Go.
Just - say it. Say it just once.
He didn't want anyone to know. He kept it out of the papers. He said a third wife was bad for his image.  You've got to protect me!
Why didn't you tell me? Why wasn't it in our files?
Leave me alone! He's going to kill me!!
Paris -
Just hold me.
Shhhhh...
I'm so sorry, James. I promise, I'll never leave you again.
It's on the boat. He's holding a press conference tomorrow.
What about the uranium?
Do you?
Do you feel better now?
No! He's crazy - he's insane. He hates everybody. He's got these plans -  You've got to help me, James. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything. I know I was wrong - but you've got to protect me. I know you still love -
What about Elliot Harmsway? Or is this just another one of your stunts?
Nothing.
Don't you even miss me? Didn't I mean anything to you?
I've got half the British government breathing down my neck. I don't have time for your nonsense.
Stop it! You're hurting me! Can't you just be nice?
Is this another one of your games?
Oh, James. I've missed you -
I thought your specialty was good-bye.
Is that any way to say hello?
Paris?!? What are you doing here?
To the best of my recollection, Mr. Bond, I suggested no such thing.  In fact, I was never here.
Political considerations?
There is one last thing, 007: Elliot Harmsway is vital to the economic interests of this nation. He's also a major contributor to the party. I expect him to be given every consideration.
Need I remind the two of you that Elliot Harmsway - Sir Elliot Harmsway - is directly descended from the Earl of Aberdeen? That his Scottish ancestors practically invented Hong Kong - and out of sheer gratitude, Queen Victoria herself named the port "Aberdeen Harbor" in their honor?
Perhaps. But it does explain how an ex-KGB agent turned illegal-arms dealer is suddenly portrayed as a long-time friend of the people.  If you believe what you read in the papers.
More scurrilous, unsubstantiated gossip.
Occasionally, yes.  British media mogul. Born in Hong Kong; controls newspapers, TV, radio, cable, satellites; books, magazines, movies, computer software. Theme parks.
His newspapers?
I believe Q's exact words were:  "Hopefully, nothing."
A wedding band??? What am I supposed to be able to do with this?
Oh. I almost forgot. There is one last thing: Before Q retired, he asked that I give you one other protective device.
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime?
Finally, your new watch: Blue laser here for signaling or burning through locks; press this button, the sweep hand becomes a Geiger counter.
I see...
It was an authorized test. I returned the money.
Does it work on cash machines?
Moving along -  A typical plastic security card. Name here, magnetic information stripe here -  And a code breaking microprocessor here. Swipe it through any card reader - anywhere - you're in.
Perfect way to tie up a... 'Knotty' problem?
Plastique explosive shoelaces.  Cut them to regulate the size of the blast; totally harmless until you attach the detonator hidden in the heel of your shoe.
... Shoelaces?
Not from forty feet.
Saunders, I've lit cigarettes -
Big game fishing.  Sonar torpedoes. Retirement gift from his friends at the CIA.
Fishing?
Gone fishing.
How is old Q?
Now pay attention, 007. We haven't much time to demonstrate your new Q toys.
Well... If you insist.
It must do something.
Come on. I know better than that -
Q's retirement party. I'd just put the knife into the cake, and -
Okay, Saunders. What is it this time? Rocket in the leg? Machine pistol in the arm?
I'm not certain... But I think there's someone I want to press for some answers in Kuala Lumpur.
Where to now, Jimbo?
Jack Wade. Citibank. Commercial loan division. If you're ever lookin' for a sweet refinance on the boat -
Sidney Winch, meet -
That's reassuring.
I got you covered.
Wait a minute -  I've got it. There! Off the port bow!
They'd never sail this close to the shore.
Who knows? Fog, night...
I dunno, Jimbo. It can't be out here. How could they get this far off course?
He tied one on.
Yo! Jimbo! I won five hundred -  What happened?
Hell. The CIA built that club.
Can you arrange a meeting?
Spends his nights at the Kuala Lumpur yacht club.
I have to get these to London. Do you know this Captain Cheong?
We work in the dark. We do what we can.
I envy your 'undercover' assignments.
She married a hockey player.
Yeah. Russian Minister of Transportation.
Natalya?
Not if you kill us first - unless that's how you plan to leave Muffy.
I think I've just seen my next future ex-wife.
Seized it from a guy smuggling computer chips out of Bangkok.  Should have seen his rose garden: Blooms the size of hand grenades.
Tide and current charts. Work backward from the body - find where the ship sank.  Where did you get the boat?
What do you want with the Harbor Master?
Step into my office.
Something with an engine? Not oars?
I don't know if you'd call it a boat...
Let's take a look at the body.
Hey - the world is my office.
That's reassuring.
I am not here, ol' buddy. The CIA has absolutely no knowledge of the missing ship, the missing gold, where it was going, or when it left Hong Kong.
Wade, what the hell are you doing here?
You too.
Thanks.  Take care -
Here. I gave you my assistant's phone number. If it's urgent, she knows where to reach me.
I didn't think so.
No.
Three. You? Married?
... Kids?
Happily.
Married?
Depends what number you write.
... Does this do anything?
Of course.
Do you have a pen? I just got promoted and don't have my new cards yet.
They point, I shoot.
Interesting video tape.
Interesting presentation.
Now.
And when might that be?
If you think we're going to have some kind of 'life affirming' romance here just because we cheated death, let me be clear:  We're going to have it where I want, and when I want.
And number two?
First, that boat is in international waters. I'm claiming it for salvage. One-third of that gold is mine.
... Yes?
Before we go any further here, Mr. Bond, from Lloyds of London, I just want to get two things straight.
... Yes???
I didn't say when I want to die -
What do you mean, you'd rather die alone?
Next time, I do the driving.
Sleep well?
We blast through.
If not?
If it's radio controlled, it'll break the code.
You insist on calling all the shots.  And by the way: I am not a helpless girl.
Another reason??? Did I miss something???
...You know, that's another reason you're probably not in a successful relationship.
Here. You shoot. I'll drive.
It's a lousy job, but -  The only reason I stay is for the health benefits.
Is this - like - a normal day for you?
Don't say it.
Sometimes you just have to -
... We have time for that?
Put your arms around my neck. Lock your legs around my waist.
Are you listening to me?
Put your back to the railing. Sit up on it.
Trust me.
What now? And don't give me some movie clich like 'trust me.'
Up.
Down?
Cleans dirt. Let's go.
What the hell does that do?
What do you mean?
Not a lot of difference.
My father left me the business.
... How did you get into marine salvage?
No. I'm going with you.
Wait here.
The only mistake is that they didn't kill us in the elevator.
This has got to be a mistake.
Maybe. But why are we going up instead of down?
You are seriously deranged.
He's killed closer.
He was my father's best friend!
Blood or Dutch?
Elliot Harmsway is my Uncle!
Harmsway sank that ship and stole the gold. It's on the Sea Dolphin II.  And thanks to your little show and tell -  - giving him the evidence -  We're the only ones who can tie him to the crime.
Listen to me! I'm a British secret service agent. And we have about two minutes before Harmsway kills both of us.
That's funny: you struck me as the kind of man who always carries protection.
You heard me. A gun?  I left mine in the car.
What?
... Do you have a gun?
No. I want Sir Elliot to keep them.
Why don't we just take these -
Thank you.  "Now hear this: Drop dead."
Just remember: They think there's ten billion dollars in gold down there.
- You're not.
If I were you -
- The family jewels?
And what do you call this?
Think about mom.
I hope you'll be gentle.
I hope so.
Do I have to do everything around here?
So charming! So suave!  Don't insult me. I'm not one of your 'little London girls' who falls for the lies.
No. First, because I don't think it's in your nature. And second, because there's no gold down there.
No?
You have to excuse Miss Winch: She thinks she's on a 'seduce and destroy' mission through life...  ...But she won't kill us.
- Shut up!
Let's not make it a habit.
Nice to run into you again.
I see my date is here.  And I think Mr. Bond is ready to leave.
I'll keep that in mind.
The Strait can be a very dangerous place, Mr. Bond. A few words scribbled on a piece of paper in London doesn't carry a lot of value out here. Including life insurance.
Insurance. Lloyds of London.
And exactly what business are you in, Mr. Bond?
Actually, I'm here on business. You might say it was a... Golden opportunity.
So what brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mr. Bond?  Wait - don't tell me: Unhappy marriage? Running from some poor little girl with two kids and a Chanel pocketbook in - London?
Pity.  Bring him whatever he wants.
Chaperone. I'm waiting for my dinner date.
Boyfriend?
No. But you can buy a drink for my friend, Taro.
Vodka martini, shaken not stirred.  And another for you?
Sidney Winch.
This afternoon. Our boats practically kissed in the harbor.  James Bond.
Have we met?
- And I bet you always leave turmoil in your wake.
Sometimes, you just have to plunge into things. Be reckless.
I wonder if you handle your liquor more carefully than you handle your boat.
Bourbon. Neat.
A three-thousand ton frigate doesn't just vanish into thin air.
Sabotage?
The infrared satellite images. No heat, no flame, no explosion. If that boat went down where they said it did, there should have been some residual heat reading on the surface.
It doesn't quite add up.
What do you make of all this?
I have an excellent teacher.  'Make sure you wear the uniform'?
...You're turning into quite the politician, 007.
Actually, you're just in time.  Admiral Roebuck: You know Commander Bond, don't you?
Sorry I'm late -
Good luck on your mission, 007.
...I'll give you a ring from Venice.
Hopefully, it won't get that far.
But if Elliot Harmsway is involved with that uranium, I want him prosecuted to the ends of the earth.
We serve the interests of the British people, 007. No matter who we may be foolish enough to elect.
.... I hate to ask, but... Did you ever think you'd miss Communism?
I understand.
You're to wear this mask at the Venice Carnival, and wait to be contacted.
Yes. 1988. He was furious at the British plan to return Hong Kong, and supposedly started his own negotiations with the Chinese Government. The inquiry went nowhere - but it did earn MI-6 a rather powerful enemy -
... Didn't we once investigate Harmsway?
Which is also why I've withheld this information from NATO and our allies.
Of course.
The reason I invited the Minister here, 007, was to reassure him that this investigation will be handled with the utmost discretion.
It seems, 007, we've received a tip
... What's Harmsway done?
'Able to topple governments with a single story' - as he says in his press.
- Along with Tomorrow - the first world-wide newspaper. Circulation 27 million. Daily. -
Only what I read in the newspapers.
Tell me, 007, what do you know about Elliot Harmsway?
Of course.  Minister Johnstone.
Come in, 007. You know the Minister?
Yes, M.
Thank you Colonel Everhart.  007, I'd like to see you in my office. Why don't you and the Colonel exchange numbers if you need more information?
Tsi tien, Professor Wu.
Tsi tien, Mr. Bond.
Mandarin. You jerk.  I'm late. I have to get dressed.
Is that Mandarin, or Cantonese?
Sakwa!
Remind me.
We've already done the interesting part. Do you forget?
I was just getting to the interesting part!
Stop it!
And what do you call these? The Gang of Two?
Indeed they are.  Deadly little things.
Ja-shwa tsway. These are lips.
... And what do you call these?
Good-day, Miss Winch. I advise you to get some steam up - before you run aground.
You won't get away with this!
You leave me no alternative.
No.
Hmmm. I suppose this is a step above that profession.  Ten seconds. Are you leaving?
I was an attorney!
Fifteen seconds. Perhaps you should consider hiring an attorney.
I know my rights. These are international waters. The British Navy abandoned that boat, and I'm claiming it. Under international law, I have the right to salvage what's on that wreck.
Good for you, Miss Winch. You now have exactly 30 seconds to get this rust bucket out of here.
My name is Sidney Winch, and -
Captain Morton.
What's your name?
Who's Wade?
Forget it. No way. I got here first.
You have precisely one minute to pull up your anchor and be under way.
I am. What do you want?
Who's in charge here?
Excellent.
And the 9:30 news meeting is waiting.
Yes -
The Queen invited you to dinner -
No -
Your bankers want an answer about the Brazilian TV stations
Send him a $10,000 campaign contribution, and explain I have no control over what my journalists write -
The American presidential candidate called to complain about that sex story -
Pencil it in for the next trip -
The Canadian Prime Minister wants to set a lunch -
Chew up a log like that in the propeller, you end up with enough paperwork to go from here to London. Twice.
Aye-aye sir. Engines to half.
A dead head.  Water logged timber. Floats straight up. You sometimes see them on the east side of the channel - from the logging camps on Sumatra - but they don't usually float this far west.  Muncy! Engines to half!
Seems to be back to normal, sir.
How is it now?
Check it again. What about the global positioning satellite? Could there be something wrong with the signal?
The back-up does the same thing.
About every ninety seconds, the auto- pilot jogs us to the west.
What's wrong?
Damn. It's doing it again.
My timing always was lousy.
How sweet.
No matter what the British government says, I won't kill this story.  Miss Oxford will show both of you to the elevator... And one of my people will definitely be in touch sooner than later.
Thank you, Uncle Elliot.
...Well! I do believe this requires further investigation!
...I see.
He brought that up from the wreck.
- But as I've explained to Sidney, without proof, there's just no story. Don't you agree Mr. Bond?
- I told you! He was there! -
Obviously, the British government denies all of this -
I see you two have met.
What is HE doing here?
You come with me -  You stay here.
Take the men. I can finish alone.
A hundred and fifty years ago, my ancestors took this island - a barren, lifeless rock - and turned it into the greatest city known to modern civilization.  And now that I'm being forced to give it back, I intend to return it in exactly the same condition: A barren, lifeless rock.  The gold is merely reparations - payment from the spineless British government who wouldn't listen.
You have to leave -
Hong Kong, Mr. Bond!
Entering the main tunnel - ten minutes to target -
Bore through.  ...They used to say living well was the best revenge, Mr. Bond.  They're wrong.  Revenge is the best revenge.
Start the grinders.
Approaching the first gate.
Please, Sidney. I'd like to remember you fondly.
Excellent.
The drill is in the water; approaching the intake tunnel.
Don't worry. Mr. Bond will get the message. So will his boss.
That was too close.
Kill him! Finish it!
It's Bond!
What the hell is going on?
No. I have a better idea. In fact, Mr. Bond may have actually improved my original plan.  Bring them both to Hong Kong. And Make sure he has nothing else up his sleeve.
Yes. Shall we kill them?
- Built to withstand a nuclear blast.  Are they alive?
I should have hired this man.  Get somebody up there!
They're on the bridge. Seal off the 50th floor!
Get more men up there!
It's a trick! After him.  They're in the south stairwell!
Good. We have an appointment in Hong Kong.
Fueled and waiting.
Is the helicopter ready?
Thank you sir! Thank you!
Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane.
...But because I am a just man, I've decided to give Mr. Hussein what he deserves.
Please sir. Please -
You disappoint me, Number Three.
No sir! I swear! This is not true!!
... And there's no truth that 10% of that money will go into your Swiss bank account?
Yes, sir. But he still feels his people should share in the increased profits of our news division. He has proposed an additional 500 million dollar payment.
...Haven't we already paid him for his services?
I regret to inform you, sir, that Saddam Hussein is still demanding a bonus for his role in the Gulf War.
Yes.
Will the cruise set it off?
Soviet SB-9 nuclear torpedo. Yield, one kiloton.
Abort the cruise.
Maybe. Maybe not.
Will it go off?
What's in the box, General?  What's in the box???
I don't know. He's not in the database -
Who is that?!? What's in the box??
Meaning there may be nuclear material down there?
Kim Dae Yung. North Korean Nuclear specialist.
Who is it?
Oh, no.
One to seven: Deal the face cards.
What about ID's?
Here I am thinking about myself when poor Harry is resting on the floor of the kitchen.
Soon as I rest a bit.  I meant as soon as we are back to normal again, anytime.
When are you boys going to fix that roof?
They're too big.
How come you're not wearing my shoes?
Yes.
Babe Brother, is that my shirt that you're wearing?
Oh here we go with that.
Junior spends time with his child.
Well, you are his grandfather. He is supposed to spend some time with you. You're supposed to show him those woodsy things and this and that.
No, it's that when do you have time to be parents to him? You guys don't pick him up until nine, ten at night. You are into yourselves, as the saying goes. Spend some time trying to be parents. Take him to the mountains, fishing. You ought to let him get to know nature.
Why, you don't want us to bring him over?
We got the same thing.
What did your wife get her?
I hadn't forgotten. I ordered some cloth but it didn't come in and I felt so bad if I would have come to her birthday without that, I just stayed at home.
Your mother asked me not to mention it but your mother's birthday was last week.
Since when?
I pay my own way.
That's a lie.
I tried to call to let you know I was going to be late.
What time is it? Do you think you can just treat us like your slave? It's after one.
What is it, noontime?
I'm cold. I need to get out into the sunlight.
We will take her. You all stay here and watch Dad.
I'll drive her to the hospital.
My name is Sam. Samuel.
You dumb ass, it's Babe Brother.
I'm leaving and don't even call me when the shoe falls 'cause all he did for me was to try and run my life. I'm tired of people saying Babe Brother this, Babe Brother that. What's my name?
I ought to break your damn neck.
I told you about calling me boy. I ain't no boy. See, you and Dad got a bad habit of calling me boy. You call me boy in front of my wife. You think I'm going to fix the roof? I hope the wind blows the whole damn thing off and it pours down rain.
That is a damn lie and you know it. Every time father asks you to do something, you either half-ass do it or run off and hide. Mama asked you to turn the dirt in her garden and you told her, with your smart ass self, that you weren't a farmer; get Junior to do it. Every time someone asks you to do something, you always say, tell Junior to do it. Boy, you ought to grow up.
You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son, it is always you, so you fix the roof.
I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house.
I told her I would if she would give me time.
Why in the hell didn't you help mama?
Maybe I can get down there next week.
Robert asks about you. When are you going to do something to help him?
This is what it is all about, trying to keep from being out on the street.
This is not a good time to take chances. Your best friend, Robert, an accountant, lost his home and is out on the street. We see him from time to time. He comes down to church for a free meal.
Why are you always afraid to get somewhere?
You want me to mortgage my house to invest in a scheme of yours? You know the last time we went into something together Daddy had to go in his savings to keep us from ending on the street.
You always got something to say.
You used that excuse to get out of the army.
You all don't believe me when I tell you I'm afraid of heights.
When are you going to find time to help me fix the roof?
I guess it proves you really care about me. You hung in there.
And what lesson have we learned from all of this, Babe Br... Sam... I mean Samuel?
It was nip and tuck.
Do you think you won?
I couldn't believe the things I was doing. It was like an internal struggle going on inside my body.
You were in hell?
It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like.
Like muddy waters?
It's like I've been swimming in muddy waters.
Like a veil has been lifted?
I have more sense than to give up everything, my family, you and Sunny. It wasn't me, I mean the real me inside my body. I'm glad it's over. It's like a veil has been lifted.
I'm okay. Go back to your friends.
You okay?
Why in the h...
Linda, how come you don't see that Sunny puts his shoes on right?
I don't need that kind of love. And I don't want to be reminded all the time that Big Mama's grandmother was born in slavery. If you really care about me, just tell me how I can make money.
He is just being like all parents, concerned about the ones they love.
Why does he always pick on me?
I preached to Mom and Dad about it but they are stuck in their ways, it's like talking to a brick. But if there is a way...
We could borrow on that land and put the money to work.
Pops put Big Daddy's farm in Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed it so no one can borrow on it.
I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property.
Will you still get the money from your father?
You would think people never lived in a house if they have to ask what does 1 1/2 baths mean.
I would like to finish reading this. What would I talk about? I haven't read this month's almanac. I don't care to hear about how the corn was this fall or how to get rid of gophers by putting garlic in their holes. They pride themselves in making life hard and that's not my cup of tea.
Why don't you come in for a while?
How old are you?
I don't see you crying about my drinking it.
Coffee is bad for anybody, especially for a child.
What is a sip of coffee going to do?
I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had, but he needs discipline, and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it.
My daddy never gave me anything without my having to sweat for it. Every summer, the way they kept me and Junior out of trouble was to send us to Big Daddy's farm. We would get up with the chickens. Every summer the fence had to be repaired. The barn needed a coat of paint. We had to pip all of Big Mama's hundred laying hens and go to church all day on Sunday. For Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were the mark of a man. Sunny will never have to bust his knuckles like we did.
Because you were spoiled, don't try to spoil Sunny.
I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than me and your father because we gave you a better head start. You have no right to complain to us about your not having enough.  You sit right there with your no manners self.
Can't I be myself without you jumping in with your right and wrong? The world is not black and white. Show me one perfect person. If you can't, don't ask me to be.
Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction.
I'm busy.
Have you lost your mind? Have you thought about your wife and child, not to mention your sick father? And I need your help to move his bed from under the leak in the ceiling.
Harry is coming to pick me up.
I've heard some foolish things in my life.
I'm going back home with Harry.
What for?
I need to get my suitcase out of the garage.
Well, you look better than you did yesterday.
Doesn't he look a whole of lot better?
He will be alright.
This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air.
I was hoping you came to the door instead of him. It gets cold at night.
Babe Brother.
Who is it?
We are going where the action is. Ain't that right, Okra?  Let's play for a couple of bucks unless you want to start off with two bits and work our way up.  What would you give to be rich?
This would be a bad time for me to leave.
I don't want to wear out welcome, but you can stay in someone's heart longer than you can stay in their house. Come with us, boy. We are going to have a good time.
I heard his voice as clear as day. I better get back. Maybe something is wrong.
You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there.
I could swear I heard my son call me.
Anytime you need someone to do something for you, just let me know.
Son, would you do me a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom. My hand is too weak. And would you do me another favor? I don't like asking this but would you clean the tub for me? I have trouble bending over.
Son, I can take everything you got with that deck. It is marked. Now I'm going to show you how to make some money in case you get stuck somewhere.
It is just a regular card.
Never play with someone's else's cards. You always get a new deck. Look at this card. See anything?
Boy, that is the real South. That is real corn liquor.
What is that?
I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets.  I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me.
Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die?
That is called a crab apple switch. It's for those bad acting monkeys and just the thing for a mean dog. Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home. I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job. He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track. Anyway I was coming down Beale Street and I heard this music coming from a saloon. Sure enough it was Emory. My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it. Got in a blues band and what not. He and another boy had killed a boy named Hocker sometime back and they balled the Jack leaving town. Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face. Bad luck I would say. He got to drinking that corn liquor. We went to his girl's room and he wouldn't stop drinking. He started talking about the old days and he went mad. He pulled his knife and I got to mine first. The lights went out.
Did you ever have to use this thing?
I'm not here to argue, sir.
Now how far would further out be?
Well, you just have to move further out.
We grow most of our own food. The money I get from social security, my pension and my wife's work, keeps us living on the edge. What choice do people like us have.
Not anymore, not in the city.
I always had chickens, ducks and whatnots.
You know it is against the city ordinance to keep chickens or live stock.
It's only a tale.
I don't care to hear any jokes about people being in hell. This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at.
But these are white people, anybody. The punch...
I don't want to hear any tales about colored people...
I'm almost finished. I'm about to come to the punch line.
I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent.
He's going to check out heaven first. He gets a round trip ticket to heaven. He gets in heaven and finds it just like back home. People dripping with sweat, working in the fields, hardly surviving. He asked a man who was getting a drink of water, "I thought the streets were paved with gold." "They are but you won't see them," he said. "Boy, you got to work day and night cause idleness is sinfulness." So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell. He sees people stretched out on their backs kicking back, picking their teeth. "Man, this is a dream." He asked, "What's you'll doing?" They all hollered back, "Sinning." The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you." He asked, "I thought you'll was supposed to be burning in fire." Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire down here except under that pot of chitlins." The man was going go ask the preacher back on earth...
It's healing now.
What did you put on it?
I cut it on an old rusty knife.
What happened to your hand?
Since this morning.
Gal, you're talking to John Henry. When was I sick?
You better come sit down. You are still sick.
What, are you having another party?
How is that hen doing? I was meaning to pip her before I fell sick.
I need to get out there and get those weeds out.
How is the garden doing?
You must have been really sick.
It's good to be able to hear that.
I will appreciate that.
You stay inside. I will see to them.
I have to feed the chickens before they wake everybody up.
Just stay in bed and rest.
I'm worn out.
No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further.
Let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son.
Gideon, don't say things like that.
I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it.  Son, you make me wish I was dead.
You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing.
No, I'm too hot now.
Do you want your coat? It's cold out here.
It would be nice.
Well, it's up to Suzie.
Babe Brother is a poor boy.
You know, Babe Brother's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them.
You're going to find yourself on the floor.
I'm trying to make him a man but you keep babying him.
Hush.
You're always taking his side.
Hush.
He ain't nothing like me. How come a man has to have sons that are day and night apart? You ought to stop protecting him.
You and Babe Brother are so much alike...
I'm not going to let him get away with murder.
You all act like two roosters.
I asked you to wake me when Babe Brother comes.
Go back to sleep.
Your feet are cold.
Look! Don't try to get ahead by riding our backs.
Let us settle this tomorrow.
I don't know how two brothers can be so different.
Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are.
Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation. I hate to be mean to people but picking Sunny up when they feel like it has to come to an end. Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday.
Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom.
My mind plays tricks on me. Is it okay if I take a bath now?
I tell you, I feel like a ghost.
Boy, I thought you were about to cross the river.
It hasn't been the years; it's been the men in her life.
Haven't the years been good to Hattie?
'Course, you could be right. Your sons are alive. All my sons are dead.
My daddy called me boy up to the time he died. I was always boy to him.
You still call him boy. You call Babe Brother boy in front of his wife and son.
You're suppose to teach your children what you know. Junior, I don't have to worry about. Babe Brother is a different story.
Everyone has to follow his own plough. A man doesn't have to know how to cut a wick and clean a chimney nowadays. City people don't give a hoot and a holler about the shape of the moon nowadays. You don't plant old ways...  ... but, at the end, you find yourself doing what your father did but you have to have the land in you.  It's when you want to give the house or farm to the kids and they don't want it. You sell it to a stranger. You worked your whole life, for what?  I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or seen an inch worm. All what we've experienced has no meaning.
I tried to teach him right from wrong just like I did his Junior.
Course, it is your business, but I feel obliged to tell you that maybe you have not been fair with the boy.
You and Babe Brother hit it off so well.
Everything these days is made overseas.
What could have caused this? I just changed this damn thing.
It was slow. Now it seems like everyone is having births at home.
How often is your wife called to help delivery?
Well, I would appreciate that.
Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you. I haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a month of Sundays. You know, folks would call my daddy to kill their hogs. That used to be my trade from time to time.
I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away.
Next time when I feel a little better perhaps.
You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong.
Good morning.
I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me.
It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window
That's awful generous of you. I always ask to keep from wearing out welcome.
Man, act like this is your home.
Well if you're sure, I won't be a bother. Oh, I don't sleep on no spring mattress. I always make myself a pallet on the floor.
Man, put your boxes down and stay as long as you like. We have empty rooms since the boys got their own families and moved out.
I'm worn out but won't you feel like you are taking in a stranger?
Stay until you feel better? I would like to hear all the news.
My feet have never been on anything that wasn't directly attached to the ground.
Why didn't you catch a plane?
I came all the way from Detroit by bus going to Oakland. The bus stopped in Los Angeles. I had to get off and take a rest. I'll catch the last bus leaving at midnight. I'm just too tired to go on.
He knows better. Sunny, apologize to Harry.
Boy, that is bad luck to touch a fellow with a broom.
He kind of favors one of my boys when he was about his age.
This is my grandson, Sunny. He is my youngest son's child.
Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend?
You invited me.
I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are. I have to know who is in my house.
I don't make no bones about where I'm going to spend eternity. I have always been wild and you know that. If you are made to feel half a man, what do you think the other half is?
Hattie is a different person now.
Since she has repented, all she does is throw stones.
You must have done something to her.
As God is my witness, I have never done anything to that woman.
Good afternoon to you.
Good afternoon, ladies.
I made a fresh pot of coffee. Okra and I thought you need a rest. I'll stand guard. Okra wants to talk to you anyway.
As long as he keeps his throat clear, he is able to get some rest.
How is he doing?
Only if you can spare it.
Let me get you a cup?
That smells like fresh coffee.
You just run along. I'll fix him his soup. He will be all right.
Can you watch Gideon for a while? One of the girls is going into labor. Junior is going to drive me over.
Let me earn my keep. I'll go out and get a hen and have it picked and ready for the pot. Try to make him some cow tea next time.
He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth.
I hope that it's nothing serious.
He wasn't able to get out of bed today.
Ah, you young folks don't know how it is. How is Gideon today?
Tolerable well.
How is everybody?
She has a fish bone caught in her throat. Could all of you go in the other room? Gideon, get some bread and toast it quickly and find me the cod liver oil.
What's the problem here?
You got to know everything, do everything, and be everything.
Harry, you know everything.
I'll be right there.
I have someone I want you to meet.
All those places that us coloreds lived, that we used to call Bottoms, have all been changed to Drives and Heights. Everything is in what you call it, not in what it is.
I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him.
You remember that boy who lost his mind, Joe? You could hear him pitching horseshoes at night in the dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe. He would pick up a brick and say "go on in there brick and hit somebody" and it would find its mark.
Those days you could always find something redeeming about even the worst person.
Where we come from, you had to know how to act right. You had to know how to say yes sir and no sir. You had to know your place.
One can tell you are from back home. These people nowadays don't know what manners are.
No, if I rest any longer, I won't sleep tonight. May I use your bathroom to wash up a bit?
You should go back and rest.
Good evening. It must be all the different time zones I crossed that makes me feel this weary.
Well, I don't want to put you out.
Stranger my foot, it was my grandmother who helped you into this world.
Emory had made a lot of enemies. He had a big mouth.
You damn right they didn't, especially Emory, my cousin.
Those boys never did have good luck.
Chick was outright killed by a mob. He killed a white man that owed him some money and when they caught up with him, they tied him behind a car and dragged him from out of the hills back to town.
I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker, you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick.
Strange as it may seem, it might have cleared the waters. Sometimes the right action comes from the wrong reason.
Hocker's death almost caused a race riot. A lot of innocent people could have been hurt behind that.
What difference does it make if it's persimmon, oak tree or huckleberry bush?
You know as well as I do that it was made to look like he was lynched. Now who would hang someone from a persimmon tree?
Wasn't Hocker lynched?
Miss Clara's boy, Emory, to start with. The Johnson's Hocker was another one...
Now who are we talking about?
There is something that I always wanted to know. Tell me, how did those boys die?
Oh, I wasn't pointing my finger at you. Hey, you have to think of yourself. A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep. There are too many bad people out there.
I don't know if we could take one in with Rhonda and me at home alone at times.
Of course not. Have you ever heard of a man jumping in the river to save five hundred drowning people? No you ain't.  You have to take just one and fatten him up. When you spread help too thin, you , you just nickel and dime the situation. If you try to save all, all die but if you save one life, life goes on. You just have to remember, medicine that works leaves a bitter taste.
Week by week the crowds at the door keeps getting larger. We can't feed all the hungry.
Good God Almighty, bless your bones.  But the problem grows.
Last Saturday we handed out over two hundred meals.
How many people do you all feed?
Well, you and your husband are special. Ya, Gideon tells me you do volunteer work to help feed the poor.
That's nice.
A woman in family way just reminds of spring and my younger days.
I already have, my dear.
In the meantime Harry can slaughter us a hog.
Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you say?
Is this your house?
Speaking of tappy heads, we ought to have an old fashion fish fry.
An empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you, tappy head, you ain't worth the salt you put in greens.
"Out of weariness, I spoke to my own heart; to leave it all and to die. And I gave my heart to know madness and folly."
I was quoting from the Bible. If the shoe fits, wear it.
Now I was trying to be nice, to make conversation, since we go back some.
You know the saying, "your heart is in your left hand."
That is a boy from home, Lulla's brother.
None of your business.
My mother passed on years ago.
I know your mother ain't still operating that house of hers.
Some people grow up and change their ways.
Why run out and close the barn door when the horse is gone? I remember when you weren't saved. That was way back yonder when the Natchez Trace was just a dirt road.
Harry, that's not nice. I'm in church now.
No, I'm a different person now, Harry.
Girl, do you still sing and dance?
I couldn't believe it when Suzie called and said you were staying here. How have you been?
You never know what's in the heart and just because you can cry doesn't make you human.
All the people working with us are really doing it 'cause they hate to see suffering.
Ya, but you can't do the shuffle with one leg. You and your wife, in your spare time, work with the less fortunate. Now I'm not talking about you and what you do but some folks that always run to help the victim, deep down are attracted to pain and suffering and love to be near the dying.
He should be caring. That is not too much to ask.
Well some folks are still waiting for their comeuppance. Don't take me wrong but you can't judge people by how you act. You're a caring person.
I appreciate you lending me a hand. That lazy ass brother of mine was suppose to help me.
Country people got so many strange ways,
Junior's wife kept her afterbirth' in the refrigerator. That's why I do not eat over there now.
Some folks take that natural stuff too far.
No. No. No. No. I had my Child at Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no county hospital. You have to have cash or check before you come in the door.
Did you have your child at home?
In some things. When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a X.
I thought you weren't old fashioned.
You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child.  In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since.
What's a toby?
I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lost years ago.
I think he wants to see your rabbit foot.
Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives.
Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I don't believe in sin, though there is good and evil.  And evil is a thing you work at.
You don't act like the rest of Gideon's friends. They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin.
If it was left up to me, I would poison him.
What must I do?
Everybody who have been associated with Harry end up with pennies over their eyes.
I can't accuse him just dry long 80.
He's just raffish. Harry put him up to it. Before evening sun sets, I would have his belongings back on Route 55, that old fox.
I asked Harry about it. He didn't own up to it. He said he didn't know what got into Okra.
Rush your mouth, girl. No, he didn't. He cannot be that big of a damn fool.
You know Okra asked me to marry him the other evening.
Harry always shows his good side and, like the moon, the other side is black. Back home he always did try to act like the colored gentleman. I'm telling you Harry is nothing but evil. I'm warning you -- you can't keep a wild animal as a pet around children.
I remember Harry always trying to help someone. He got Lulla's daughter out of trouble. He was always running to the store for someone who couldn't leave the house.
You know Harry lied about how that boy Hocker got kilt. And it was Harry who saw Emory last before they found him hanging over a levee like someone would hang a hog.
I haven't heard anyone mention Swamp Root since button-up shoes went out.
No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic.
Whether the boy hears it or not, the man is still a jackass. Everyone should have some mother wit.
You shouldn't talk about the boy's father in front of him. This is family business and we have to pull together.
I want to hear what happened. My brother is a jackass and a damn fool. The both of you have been as scarce as hen's teeth.
Now you don't have to say anything if you don't want to.
Where does her get the power to summon all his old raffish friends? They all smell of moth balls.
Harry is the kind of guy you would love to take out in the woods and leave under a rock.
He just leeches off your parents. He is a master at wearing out welcome.
Don't shout!
When did you talk to Harry?
Why not? Harry says that's the only way to do good.
We can't really bring another family in here with us.
You know the man next door is near death.
I'm sorry he got those birds.
He is in his pigeon cage.
Where is Skip?
I was just trying to make conversation.
Counting the what? What does that have to do with the price of butter?
Counting the gray hairs in your head.
What are you doing?
I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything.
But when your sunflowers come up, I'll pay you for them.
I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful.
I didn't mean for you to pay me for that.
It is so considerate of you.
Tolerably well. I brought you some more rabbit manure for your roses.
How are you?
Let's let Molly open one.
Which one can I open first?
See?  Now, what did I tell you? Right where you left them.
Here!  In the car!
Oh, great, you found them.  Where were they?
Woody!  Buzz!
What?  What is it?
Hey!  Wow!
Bye, house.
Everybody say, "Bye, house."
Oh, don't worry, honey, I'm sure we'll find Woody and Buzz before we leave tomorrow.
But what if we leave them behind?
I looked everywhere, honey, but all I could find was your hat.
He's not here, Mom.  Woody's gone.
Oh, I'm sure he's there.  You're just not looking hard enough.
Right here in the van.
Where was the last place you left him?
Mom, have you seen Woody?
Pizza Planet!  Yeah!!!
Next stop...
Yuk, yuk, yuk -- funny, Mom.
Yeah -- when you're sixteen.
Yeah?!
Sure!  I'll even let you drive.
Can I help pump the gas?
Honey, I'm sure he's around. You'll find him.
I couldn't find my Buzz.  I know I left him right there.
Okay...
Well, honey, just grab some other toy!  Now c'mon!
But Mom, I can't find him!
Andy!  I'm heading out the door.
No, I haven't seen him.
Mom!  Do you know where Buzz is?
Just one?
You can bring ONE toy...
Can I bring some toys?
Pizza Planet?!  Oh, cool!
Oh, all this packing makes me hungry.  What would you say to dinner at, uh, oh, Pizza Planet?
To infinity and beyond!
Oh, yeah!
Come on down, guys.  It's time for games!  We've got prizes!
Okay.
Now go get Molly.  Your friends are going to be here any minute.
Yeah!
Well, sure, we can leave it up.
Can we leave this up 'til we move?
Oh, this looks GREAT, Mom!
Whadda ya think?
Wow!  Cool!
Mm-hmmmmm.
Say, isn't that mistletoe?
Merry Christmas, Sheriff.
Whoooooah!  Oh!  Bo!  There's gotta be a less painful way to get my attention.
Rocky!  The ramp!
We're almost there.
It's a long story, Bo.  I'll explain later.  Here, catch this!
What are you doing over there?
I know Andy's excited about Buzz, but you know, he'll always have a special place for you.
Uh, let what?  I don't -- Uh, what do you mean?  Who?
Well sure, look at him.  He's got more gadgets on him then a Swiss army knife.
You'd think they've never seen a new toy before.
Heh, heh...oh yeah, uh, I...
Whadda ya say I get someone else to watch the sheep tonight?
Oh, hey - it was nothing.
I wanted to thank you, Woody, for saving my flock.
Aach! -- Oh, hi, Bo.
Now Buzz, what could Andy possibly get that is worse than you?!
Me?  No, no, no, no...  Are you?
We're not aiming for the truck!
Uh, Buzz?!  We missed the truck!
Ha ha!!  To Infinity and Beyond!!
This isn't flying.  This is falling -- with style!
Hey, Buzz!!  You're flying!!
Not today!
Ahhh!! This is the part where we blow up!
You did it!  Next stop.  Andy.
Ha-ha!!
Hold still, Buzz!
Woody?!  What are you doing?
The match!
Woody!  The rocket!
Great!
Look out!!
Well, thanks for the ride.
NO-O-O-O-O-O-O!!
I can't do it!  Take care of Andy for me!
Hold on, Woody!
Woody!
Nice work, fellahs.  Good job. Comin' out of the ground -- what a touch!  That was a stroke of genius.
It's ok.  Everything's under control.
What?!
Shhhhhhh!
We've got to get out of here...NOW.
Woody!  It's the moving van.
Yes Sir!
Come on, Sheriff.  There's a kid over in that house who needs us. Now let's get you out of this thing.
Buzz!!  What are you doing?  I thought you were --
Why would Andy want you?!  Look at you!  You're a Buzz Lightyear.  Any other toy would give up his moving parts just to be you.  You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that -- that whoosh thing -- you are a COOL toy.
But why would Andy want me?
No, it is.  Look, over in that house is a kid who thinks you are the greatest, and it's not because you're a Space Ranger, pal, it's because you're a TOY!  You are HIS toy.
Yeah, right.
Whoa, hey -- wait a minute.  Being a toy is a lot better than being a Space Ranger.
No, Woody, for the first time I am thinking clearly.  You were right all along.  I'm not a Space Ranger.  I'm just a toy.  A stupid little insignificant toy.
Oh, Buzz, you've had a big fall. You must not be thinking clearly.
Andy's house.  Sid's house.  What's the difference.
Why, sure you can, Buzz.  You can get me out of here and then I'll get that rocket off you, and we'll make a break for Andy's house.
I can't help.  I can't help anyone.
Oh, come on, Buzz.  I...Buzz, I can't do this without you.  I need your help.
Years of Academy training...wasted!!
Come on, this way!
Out the window...Buzz, you're a genius!
But -- the hat looked good.  Tell me the hat looked good!  The apron is a bit much, it's not my color...
Look at me!  I can't even fly out of a window!
Sh-h-h-h-h!!  Quiet, Buzz.
Oh, I'm a sham!!
Don't you get it?!  You see the hat? I am Mrs. Nesbit!! 
I think you've had enough tea for today.  Let's get you out of here, Buzz.
One minute you're defending the whole galaxy...  ...and suddenly you find yourself suckin' down Darjeeling with Marie Antoinette and her little sisters.
What happened to you?
Shhh!
Don't tell me what to do!
Another stunt like that, cowboy -- you're going to get us killed.
Sorry guys, but dinner's canceled!
Woody, stop it!!
Back!  Back, you savages!  Back!
Hey!!  Hey!  How are you doing that? Stop that!
Get away!  Hoo-cha!  Hoo-cha!
Oh, you idiot!  You're a toy!  Use your karate chop action!
It's not working.  I recharged it before I left.  It should be good for hours --
Shield your eyes!
They're gonna eat us, Buzz!!  Do something!  Quick!
I'll tell you what's -- AAAAH!
Woody, we don't know what's out there!
Still no word from Star Command. We're not that far from the spaceport --
I sure hope this isn't permanent.
Oh, great, great.  Yeah, and if anyone attacks us we can blink 'em to death.
I've set my laser from stun to kill.
YOU are the one that decided to climb into this --
What's gotten into you, Sheriff?  I was --
Alright Buzz, get ready...
Spaceship.
Where is it?  I don't see the --
C'mon, c'mon, that's it...
Hyper-active hyperdrive, and astro...uh, turf.
You mean it has hyperdrive?
Wait a minute!  No Buzz!  This way! There's a special ship.  I just saw it!
Sorry.
Ow!  Watch where you're going!
Negative.  There are no restraining harnesses in the cargo area.  We'll be much safer in the cockpit.
No, no, no, wait, Buzz, Buzz, let's get in the back.  No one will see us there.
Well, then let's climb abroad.
Uh-huh.  And when we get there, we'll be able to find a way to transport you...home.
Now you're sure this spacefreighter will return to its port of origin once it jettisons its food supply?
Go away.
Buzz!  Buzz, come back!
WHAT?!!  What are you talking about?!
Don't talk to me about importance. Because of YOU the security of this entire universe is in jeopardy.
Oh, yeah?  Well, if YOU hadn't shown up in your stupid little cardboard spaceship and taken away everything that was important to me --
My fault?!  If you hadn't pushed me out of the window in the first place --
This is the perfect time to panic! I'm lost, Andy is gone, they're going to move from their house in two days and it's all your fault!!
Sheriff, this is no time to panic.
Shut up!  Just shut up, you idiot!!
According to my nava-computer, the --
No.
But we're not on my planet, are we?
Oh.  Oh, that's good.
I just want you to know that even though you tried to terminate me, revenge is not an idea we promote on my planet.
Right?  Buddy?
Then we've no time to lose!!
Down there.  Just down there.  A helpless toy...it's...it's trapped, Buzz!
Trouble?!  Where?!
Buzz!!  Oh, Buzz, Buzz Lightyear!! Buzz Lightyear, thank goodness! We've got trouble!
Buzz, I would love to see you try.  'Course I'd love to see you as a crater.
I could have stopped him.
You mean that happy child?
THAT is Sid!
No!  No, that's Scud, you idiot!
Sure is a hairy fellah.
That's why.  Sid.
Why is that soldier strapped to an explosive device?
I'd better take a look anyway.
Nothing that concerns you spacemen. Just us TOYS.
What's going on?
Where?
Oh, no, no, no...  Buzz, look!  An alien!
You're mocking me, aren't you?
You actually think you're THE "Buzz Lightyear?" Oh, all this time I thought it was an act!  Hey, guys!  Look!  It's the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
Oh, yeah, tough guy?!
Don't even think about it, cowboy!
Are you saying you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command? WOODY Oh okay, so you want to do it the hard way, huh?
And another thing.  Stop with this spaceman thing.  It's getting on my nerves.
What are you talking about?  Where's that bonding strip?!
Listen, Lightsnack, you stay away from Andy.  He's mine, and no one is taking him away from me.
That wasn't flying!  That was falling with style!
Why, thank you.  Thank you all. Thank you.
All right, then, I will.  Stand back everyone!
Okay then, Mr. Lightbeer!  Prove it.
I tell you, I could fly around this room with my eyes closed!
Can't!  Can't!  Can't!
Can!
You can't!
Yes, I can.
No, you can't.
They are a terillium-carbonic alloy and I CAN fly.
Excuse me.
He's not a Space Ranger!  He doesn't fight evil or shoot lasers or fly --
The word I'm searching for I can't say because there's pre-school toys present.
Excuse me, I think the word you're searching for is Space Ranger.
T-O-Y.  Toy.
Toy?
Alright, everyone.  You're clear to come up.
Yes.  They're Andy's toys.
Watch yourself!!
Well, let's see, we've got double A's --
I need to repair my turbo boosters. Do you people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystalic fusion?
Yes, it is a mistake, because, you see, the bed, here, is my spot.
HO-YAAAHH!!!
Hello-o-o...
So, you see?  We're friends now, guys.  Aren't we, Buzz?  You bet.  Gimme a hug.
Something's screwy here.
Everyone, it's Woody!
Hi!
Oh, what?!...What?!  These are plastic.  He can't fly!
Oh, impressive wingspan.  Very good!
What's with him?
It's not a laser!  It's a little lightbulb that blinks!
Plus is positive, minus is negative! Oh, let me!
Eh, he's puttin' 'em in backwards!
No, no!  Turn 'em around, turn 'em around!
Stay calm, everyone!!
Pardon me.  I hate to break up the staff meeting, but THEY'RE HERE! Birthday guests at three o'clock!
It doesn't matter how much we're played with.  What matters is that we're here for Andy when he needs us.  That's what we're made for. Right? Everyone is now looking down, sheepish.
Murderer!
Oh, that is disgusting.
He's in the psycho's bedroom!
Son of a building block, it's Woody!
How 'bout three out of five?
No, no, not the ear.  Gimme the nose.  C'mon!
Oh, quit your whining and pay up.
Are you peeking?
Heh-heh.
Ohhh!  You sunk it!
Miss.  G-6.
B-3.
I got dibs on his hat!
Let's string him up by his pull- string!
Sorry there, old Spudhead.
Hey, watch it!
I can't see a thing!
Oh, boy.  Will ya take a look at all those presents?!
She's lying!  Whatever she says it's not true!
MOM!!  MOM!!
Patient is...  ...pre-e-epped.
Sid, give her back!  Give her back now!  I'm telling!
NO-O-O... Don't touch her!  NO!
I'll have to perform one of my...operations!
No she's NOT --
She's sick!
Hey!!
Look!  Janie!
What?
Oh no, Hannah!
I don't know!
Whaddaya mean, you don't know?
I dunno.
Did I get my package in the mail?
What?
How did I get stuck with YOU as a moving buddy?
I'm sorry.  It's just that I get so nervous before I travel.
Will you quit moving around?!
Aa-a-a-a-ah! 
Who would've thought he was capable of such atrocities?!
Huh?!  Huh?!  I told you he was guilty.
He tortures toys -- just for fun.
That ain't no happy child.
Oh, uh, Mr. Lightyear?  Now I'm curious.  What does a Space Ranger actually do?
Gettin' kind of tense, aren't you?
And I'm from Mattel.  Well, I'm not actually  from Mattel, I'm actually from a smaller company that was purchased in a leveraged buy-out. Well, I don't really understand the financials, but...
Oh, really?  I'm from Playskool.
Have you been replaced?
Well, that MISTAKE is sitting in your spot, Woody.
Outta my way!  Here I come, here I come --
Where's my ear?  Who's seen my ear? Did you see my ear?
Oh, ya big lizard!  Now we'll never know what it is!
Oh, no!
No, no, no, wait!
Toss 'im overboard!
No wait!  You don't understand! Buzz is out there!  We've gotta help him!!
Come on.  Let's get out of here.
No!  No!  Don't leave!  Don't leave! You've gotta help us, please!  You don't know what it's like over here!
Save it for the jury.  I hope Sid pulls your voice-box out, ya creep!
No, it's not what you think, I swear!
You murdering dog!
No!  No, no, no, no!
Nothing.
Wait just a minute.  What are you trying to pull?!
No, I'm not!  Buzz, come over here and you just tell the nice toys that you're not dead.
You are a liar!
No, no, no!  You got it all wrong, Potato Head.  Buzz is fine!  Buzz is right here.  He's with me!
Did you all take stupid pills this morning?!  Have you forgotten what he did to Buzz?  And now you want to let him back over here?
Wait!  Wait!  I got a better idea! How about we DON'T?!
Good going, Slink!  Now, just, just tie it on to something!
Now, it was an accident!  Guys, c'mon now, you...you gotta believe me
That's Mr. Potato Head to you, you back-stabbin' murderer!
Wait a minute.  You -- you don't think I meant to knock Buzz out the window, do you Potato Head?
I can't tell.  Hey, where's Lenny?
Who is it this time?
Alright!  That's it!
Yeah.  Like the attic.  Heh, heh...
All right, that's enough.  Look, we're all very impressed with Andy's new toy --
Laser-envy.
A lunchbox...?!
A lunchbox?!
Of course Woody ain't worried! He's been Andy's favorite since kindergarten!
Well, obviously she wanted to have the party before the move.  I'm not worried.  You shouldn't be worried.
Yeah, hey Buzz.  Let's show the guys our new secret best-friends hand shake.  Gimme five, man!
Hey look!  It's Buzz!
Hi ya, fellas.  To infinity and beyond!
Hey, Woody!?  Where'd ya go?
Ha ha.  That's very funny, Buzz.  This is serious!!
Hey, these guys are professionals. They're the best.  C'mon, they're not lying down on the job.
Shouldn't they be there by now? What's taking them so long?!
Okay, save your batteries!
Yes!  Yes!  We promise!
If I send out the troops, will you all calm down?
Hey, listen, no one's getting replaced.  This is Andy we're talking about.
But what if Andy gets another dinosaur?  A mean one?  I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection.
C'mon, guys!  Every Christmas and birthday we go through this.
I was close to being scared that time.
Were you scared?  Tell me honestly.
Oh, how ya doin', Rex?
ROOAAAARR!!!
He got it, Woody!
I got it, Woody!
There aren't any more!  That's the whole barrel.
It's too short!  We need more monkeys!
Oh, I don't like confrontations.
We believe you, Woody.  Right, Rex?
I thought he was at summer camp!
It's Sid!
Woody?  Who's up there with you?
What the heck is up there?
Wait!  There's a nice little one over there!
They're getting bigger.
I can't quite make out -- 
Buzz.  Buzz Lightyear.  You are not worried, are you?
Andy's coming, everybody!  Back to your places.  Hurry!
Juvenile intrusion!  Repeat! Resume your positions NOW!
There.
So did I tell ya?  Huh?  Nothing to worry about.
Mission accomplished.  Well done, men.  Pack it up, we're going home.
It's a big one...It's a...it's a boardgame!  Repeat!  Battleship -- Battleship, the boardgame!
Last present!
Okay, we're on the last present now...
Come in, Mother Bird. Alright...Andy's opening the first present now.
This is it!  This is it!  Quiet, quiet, quiet!
Come in, Mother Bird, this is Alpha Bravo.
Yes SIR!
Sargent.  Establish a recon post downstairs.  Code red.  You know what to do.
Okay, thank you.  At ease.
Sir!  No Sir!
Uh, hey Sarge, have you seen Slinky?
That's right.  Your toys.
W-w-w-we?
It's busted.
Somebody's poisoned the water hole...
What?!
This town ain't big enough for the two of us!
Huh?
Reach for the sky!!
Sid!!!
Not now, Mom, I'm BUSY!

This is ludicrous.
Just stay where you are, Corporal! Don't move, Carl.  You'll blow up. I know you're tired!  I know your leg is cramping, but you can't move. Do you hear me?
Oh, no...it's a Combat Carl.
Uh-oh.
Yessss!  Ah, ha, ha, ha...
Slink!  Hang on!
I can't hold on much longer!
Speed up!
Woody!  Speed up!
See?  It is Buzz.  Now give back the lights, Potato Head.
Ha, ha, oh, I love you, too.
I knew you'd come back, Woody!
Boy, am I glad to see you guys!
We're gonna get outta here, Buzz -- Buzz?
Woody?!
Oh, shut up!  In a couple of days, everything will be just the way it was.  They'll see... they'll see. I'm still Andy's favorite toy.
Heh, heh, heh!  Golly bob howdy --
Uh-h-h-h...nothing!  Uh, nothing. I'm sure Andy was just a little excited, that's all.  Too much cake and ice cream, I suppose.  It's just a mistake.
Woody, what are you doing under the bed?
Got it.
Just gather everyone up for a staff meeting and be happy!!
Sh-h-h-h-h!!
Bad news?!
Not now, Slink.  I've got some bad news.
Oh...well alright, you can be red if you want.
No, Slink --
I'm red this time.
Right here, Woody!
Hey, Slinky?
Nothing is left but us.
Everything is gone, now.
So had I.
But then I had a brother and a sister left.
So did I.
I already lost everything once.
All the time.
How long has -
What difference does <i>that</i> make?
Surely she is older?
Did you now.
I thought she was fondest of you, because you were the youngest.
Do you think we should take her up to bed?
It was only a mouthful!
Nothing ... You shouldn't have given Victoria that Guinness.
H'm?
Somebody couldn't wait until dark.
I know for a fact he didn't take Jonathon. Jonathon went off by himself.
Reprieve.
In my pocket.
Finn ...
I've got a present for you...
Stop it!
Almighty Jove in the shape of a swan.
The swan was so ridiculous. All the same, it did scare me.
Can you move over a wee bit?
I hope he doesn't pick on Jonathon.
He'll be looking for another apprentice.
He'll murder you when he finds out.
You did what?
I finished it off.
You <i>are</i> cold. Where have you been?
I'm cold.
Finn -
Would you mind holding me in your arms for a little while?
Ah, come on now!
Well ... yes. All right. But -
Can I come into bed with you for a little while, I feel terrible.
Let me in.
Who's there?
Living with him put years on me.
You're not so old yourself!
You're only a young thing.
Do what?  Oh, I see.
I won't do it because he wants me to do it, even if I want to do it.
What did I do wrong?
Go away.
Finn, there's a splinter in your left foot.  If you don't let me take the splinter out, it will fester.
Ah, you should see the swan! His masterpiece. Now, walk along the beach and stoop to pick up the shell.
Is that all?
That's your beach. This is the story. Leda walks by the shore, gathering shells.  Night comes on. She hears the beating of great wings and sees the approach of the swan. She runs away but it bears down and casts her to the ground. Curtain.
Get away from me...
What was <i>that</i> in aid of?
What about school?
She'll have to learn.
She's not accustomed to being ignored.
I can't go home because there's no home left.
Home is where the heart is.
I want to go home.
I didn't know about the puppets. It's a lot to take in, all at once.
Don't fret. It's only his dream. Dreams aren't catching, not like measles.
Didn't you know he made things?
It's as though he'd trapped a real cuckoo inside.
He made that. In his off hours.
She got away.
Mummy was scared of him, I think. He went to her wedding but he was <i>furious</i>, you can see it in the photograph.
He can take out his smile and keep it on a shelf, but, his bite is worse than his bark, isn't that so, old fellow?
I saw his teeth in the bathroom.
Speak when you're spoken to. He likes his women quiet.
Is there anything else I should know about him?
Slip up and change into a skirt, else he'll create something terrible. Don't you want to make a good impression on your first day?
A sin against <i>what?</i>
He can't abide a woman in trousers. He says a woman in trousers is a sin against nature.
I carried you up to your bed.
I did like the music.
Curled up on the landing like love locked out!
You're spoiling your pretty looks. Come here.
I like plaits.
Do you know you've lovely hair, even if you torment it in those braids.
He's a pyjama case, really.
Excuse me.
I can manage.
There's not.
There's no mirror.
You'll put your clothes here.
There's no law, as I know of, to prevent it.
But you're Irish!
You'll need to know who we are, we're the brothers of his wife, which makes us in an unsanctified kind of way, your uncles. Me name is Finn, me brother is called Francie -
In the play. She was married, by my age. And Mummy. Mummy wasn't much older than me when she got married. Well, not <i>that</i> much older.
Juliet who?
I'm not too young. Juliet was my age.
We're too young.
They're going to fly everywhere. Mean things. They should have taken us.
Storms?
'Have ploughed the stormy seas - '
It's all right, Finn.
Oh no you can't. Get on with the painting.
I wanted my Leda to be a little girl. Leda and the swan. See?
Sixteen. Well, nearly sixteen.
You're well built; how old are you?
What? Did you let that child play with one of my toys? I don't like children playing with my toys.  Have to fix you up with another hammer, won't we. Give her a saucepan to play with, that'll do.
Victoria -
Did you do this?
You're late for breakfast.
I'm Melanie.
Well, I hope it stays that way.
No, of course not.  She's one of the top students at her school.
Is she in any kind of therapy... professional help?
I... I don't really know.
I mean, did you ask her?  What kind of drugs has she tried?
I don't know what you mean.
One thing bothers me...  That kid they dropped off had coke and heroin in him.  Serious amounts.  He's lucky he lived.  So I gotta ask: what's your daughter on?
Like I said, open container, P.I., Misdemeanor possession.  Easy to make it disappear.  For you, poof, it's gone.
Still, this was a sensitive issue for me and I wanted to thank you personally.
Judge Wakefield, it's an honor to handle it for you.  Consider it gone away.  She's a minor; it probably would've expunged on her 18th birthday anyway.
I appreciate you coming in so early.
You will believe me, because it's true.
I want to believe you.  I really do.
If Manolo hadn't gone and told them what he did then Salazar and Madrigal would never have been brought to justice.  He did a great thing for Tijuana.  He did a great thing for Mexico.
Well, you know, he's going to say about Madrigal... and Salazar.
What is he planning on telling them?
Nine thousand dollars.
How much?
He has debts.  He has gambling debts. He owes a lot of money.
Why does he need money?
It's very hard for me to come and tell you this.
What?  What is it?
No.
He never came home last night.  Was he with you?
He's not here.
I can't find Manolo.
Anna.  What's wrong?  What do you want?
He's right.  They'll do it when you're walking somewhere, make it look like street crime.
Even if that were true, they're not going to come to your house where you're waiting for them.
It's the same.  What happened to what they gave you?
It's the same stuff?  From the rainy day stash?
What are you thinking, calling me at home with a message like that?  You've compromised me and our relationship --
Did you get it?
I can't do that.
I need an introduction to the Obregon Brothers.
Helena --
I know I made things worse.  I know that and I'm sorry, but Arnie I need something from you.  Something only you can help me with.
Helena, please.  This is out of your hands.
That is going to be rather difficult when all the evidence is against us.
Have you gone crazy?  You are not Carl.  You aren't as good as Carl.  They are moving the trial to a high security location.  The press has gone berserk.  The jury will be influenced.  Stay out of things. Let us try to win the case.
I tried, Arnie.  And, I will continue to try.
That was a stupid thing you did. Incredibly stupid.
I'm glad you think so, but I'm picturing a debt-ridden, thirty-two year-old mother whose ex-husband is being compared to Pablo Escobar.  And I'm wondering who would want to be with someone like that?
I remember when I first met you: little Helen Watts from the wrong side of somewhere.  I had a feeling even then that your survival instincts were pretty well honed.
Sometimes I wonder what I'll do if Carl doesn't get out.  I'm not very adept at being on my own.  I've always had a man in my life.  Always.
Don't you have some good news?  Isn't there something positive you could say.
Laundromats for the washing of money. Unfortunately, Carl had only one successful business.
What about legitimate businesses? We own a construction concern, real estate --
Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you. You do not want to come into contact with these people.  Only Carl knows who they are.  That's his real asset. Ruiz doesn't know them.  They don't know Ruiz.  Church and State.
Please.  Tell me who Carl sells to.
Yes, I told you before, there are people who owe you money but they're not paying.  There's too much heat on Carl.
Arnie, help me.  Doesn't anyone owe us money?
Helena, if I had it I would give it to you, but I don't have that kind of money.
Arnie, I need money.  Somebody threatened my children.  They want a first payment of three million dollars.
This place is swept twice a day.  I learned that in Miami in '85.  Then the U.S. shut down the whole Caribbean, but it's a big game of wack-a-mole.  Knock it down in Miami, it pops up here.  And San Diego is so much more relaxing.
I suspect he'll accept his payment in publicity.
How much do I pay him?
You're gonna get through it, but the first thing we do is get Michael Adler to represent Carl.  We get Adler and we beat this thing.
If all our assets are frozen and our "sales force" has scattered...  How am I supposed to survive?  I'm giving birth in three months.  How do I get through this?
Of course he is.  I've known him for twenty years and he doesn't jaywalk...
I am on the board of my son's school. I had a fundraiser for A.L.V. in my front yard.  I have a right to know if my husband is a legitimate businessman.
That's a very apt analogy, Helena. Now, go home and be with your children.
Arnie, I feel like Alice stepping through the looking glass.
I don't know, but under no circumstances would I talk about it here.  I want you to go home and relax the best you can.  Continue your life as if nothing has happened. That is very important.
What is he being charged with?
Got it?  Good.  Do not discuss anything over the telephone.  Do not talk to the neighbors.  Stay out of your yard.
Arnie, this is crazy.
Good.  From now on I want you to expect that every word you utter will be tape-recorded, that the movement of your lips is being read. Got it?
Listen to me carefully.  First of all, Carl isn't here.  DEA's got him and they'll hang on to him until arraignment, which will probably be tomorrow.  So here you're wasting your time.  Are you with me?
Why are you talking like that?
I understand.  You're upset.  You want to know what's going on.  That's good.
Arnie, thank God.
Helena, I'm so sorry --
Goodbye Arnie.
Carl --
Arnie, do think there's a difference between a reason and an excuse, because I don't think there is.
Carl, think about it, if I was trying to rip you off, I would have left town after Ruiz was killed.  I wouldn't sit next to you in court listening to the dismissal.
So my wife is lying?
Carl, that's insane.
You had it all figured out.  You move into my house.  You raise my kids.  You sleep with my wife.  It was a good plan, Arnie.
I just didn't want to take a chance. I didn't want to risk it.  It could have been frozen along with everything else.
And you didn't feel like you could trust my wife with this news?
I was just waiting for the right time.
So Arnie, when were you going to tell me about the 3 million dollars we got in from San Francisco two days after I got arrested?
What?
Don't bother.
Carl, I'm running late.  I'm coming right now --
It's Saturday, Arnie.  You work too hard.
She'll be at a pawn shop in an hour.
Where are you going?
At least she's alive.
So's the video camera.
My Leica's gone.
I don't know.
God, I don't get it.  Are we supposed to say to ourselves, be prepared to lose her, be prepared to lose our child?  Why does this happen to someone? How does it happen?
Me, too.
About the other night, I'm sorry.
No, not yet.
Should we bring the police into this?
Yeah, because the alternative is to be bored to death.
Oh, it is?
I have a drink before dinner to take the edge off my day.  That's different.
I'm not the one who has to have three scotches just to walk in the door and say hello.
Yeah, well, she has a way of self- medicating that probably seems familiar, too.
No, I don't think so.  Leave me alone, give me money.  That's what I get from our daughter.  She has a way of shutting me out that seems very familiar.
Look, I'm as worried as you are --
If you start in on the war metaphors I'm going to drive this car into a fucking telephone pole.
The first thing we have to do is present a unified front.
Because I'm at the edge of my capabilities, Robert.
Barbara --
You might want to pencil in a little face-time with your daughter.
Does this mean you're going to be gone more?
I think we may have found our Mexican Drug Czar.  It's this General, Salazar.  At least I'll have somebody on the other side I can talk to.
She asked me not to.
Explain to me how you could think that I shouldn't know about this. Explain to me how this wouldn't be relevant to me.  As a parent.
Six months.  I found some marijuana, that's all.  And a little pipe about two inches long.  I talked with her. She said her friends smoked pot and drank --
How long have you known?
We don't want to push her away. These are growing experiences.
Space for what?  To O.D. like that other kid?  I will not send the message that this type of behavior is okay with her parents.  Because it isn't.  Correct?
I think she has to find out for herself, on her own.  We have to allow her space --
To begin with, she's only sixteen years-old.
Why?
This is different.
Should we take the quotes off experiment and call it what it is?
Stop.  You experimented in college. I don't want to hear about that.
Honey, this is difficult, but we've all had our moments.  I tried --
We'll ground her, clip her wings a bit.  School and scheduled activities and that's it until further notice. This has to be handled delicately. Dan Kelly, in the District Attorney's office, will probably help us out, quietly.  Christ, this could be embarrassing.
Me, too.
I think she's lying.
It's so frustrating.
That's frustrating.
So you know we put the case before the arbitration panel, none of whom had any expertise.  Superfund is just one of those words.  People stop paying attention.
Drugs begin pouring out of America into every other country in the world. Canada is completely overwhelmed.
Like a Grateful Dead Concert.
He's a friend.  He's also like the only one who was dealing with the situation.  He'd definitely had a few beers, but it's not like he wanted to drive.  We didn't know what else to do.  It wasn't my pot.
How well do you know this boy, Seth, who was driving?  You know the police have charged him with a DUI and possession of marijuana.
He didn't hang around us.  He's like one of those hippie kids.  I'm not part of that group.  It was a party in all these rooms.  His girlfriend who I barely know was completely hysterical... He's blue, he's puking... We didn't want to get in trouble, but what were we supposed to do?  I mean, what would you have done if you had been us?
What do you think?
Is this bad for him?
I don't know.
Are you going to?
Not yet.
Did you tell Dad?
Sorry, but I mean, come on.
Caroline --
None of my friends can fucking believe my dad is the actual Drug Czar.
That makes mom the Czarina.  I'm a Czarette.  Like Anastasia.
Czar for life, just like a real czar.
Honey, your father knows the President.
Did you meet the President?
Tell me what to do, Carl.  I need guidance, not a fucking platitude.  I'm not bringing a child into the kind of life I grew up with.  I won't do it.  I want our life back.
Helena --
How?  Supportive letters from prison while I'm being kicked out of our home?  Do you have any idea what is happening out here?  Our credit cards are maxed. The people at the bank, you should see their faces when I walk in there. I have a letter from the government telling me that anything I sell from our house will be taken against an income tax lien.  Our friends are behaving like the crowd at a public hanging.  Nobody will help us.  Nobody will take us in.  Nobody wants anything to do with us.  So tell me, Carl, how you're gonna make it up to me.  Tell me again how we'll get through this, and maybe while you're at it you can put your hand up against the glass so we can have a tender moment of connection.
We'll get through this, I promise. I'll make it up to you --
We watched his father get dragged away by federal agents.  I don't even know how to begin to tell him where you are or when you're coming back... Or if you're coming back.
Helena --
How's David? How's David? He's terrific, Carl.
How's David?
I keep feeling like I'm forgetting something.
You all right?
I got that.  How was your day?
Just watching you.
What's up?
Hi.
Hi.
Oh, yes I can.
You can't make me.
What is wrong with you?  What?  You're going away.  You're getting help somewhere.
Like I give a fuck.
Okay, young lady, that's it.
Fuck you.  I wasn't doing anything. You're like the Gestapo.
Where is it?  Where are the drugs?  Where are they?
It's a presidential appointment so... until I quit or get fired.
How long's the job?
I don't know.
Will we get invited to the White House?
As it happens, the President of the United States, my new boss, the leader of the free world, has me penciled in for some "face time".
Somehow, I don't see that happening.
What if every country legalized at the same time?
Fine -- legalization.  Okay, forgetting all of our international trade agreements, legalize everything today.  The Government inserts itself into all drug transactions.  The U.S. becomes a giant pharmacy.  Our borders are mobbed, lines of people from here to Europe wanting to smoke, snort and shoot themselves into oblivion.
What about legalizing everything? Has anybody talked about that?
What's it like?  Imagine you're being accosted by a swarm of beggars in the heart of Calcutta, except the beggars are wearing $1500 suits and they don't say "please" or "thank you."
I'm a National Merit Finalist.  I'm on the Hi-Q team and the Math team. I'm in the Spanish Club.  I'm a Thespian.  I'm Vice-President of my class.  I'm on the volleyball team.
You do?  What else you do?
I get A's.  All A's.
What's that mean?
I'm third in my class.
How are your grades?
Yeah.
Private?
Cincinnati Country Day.
In school?
I volunteer.  I read to blind people. One day a week for two hours.
Do you work?
Yes.
Parents still together?
Yes.
Live with your parents?
Sixteen
...How old are you?
Why?  Nobody's there.
I think so.  If she didn't she should have.  I've only got maybe an hour.  Then volleyball practice is over and I have to be home.
Did Courtney Love play Nancy in Syd and Nancy?
Then here's a little bump.
Yes, mom --
Have you done your homework, honey?
Yeah, then some dope to take the edge off at the end of a long day.
Maybe we could show up and smoke a little rock with them to unwind --
You know my dad takes eight red cold pills every day?  He and my mom have cocktail hour every night, from six to seven, set your clock, two bourbons --
He's gonna fucking die right here on the kitchen floor --
Are you kidding...  I'm staying with you --
We live our lives by these unspoken rules that are handed to us.
Ach, that's what I'm talking about. Sarcasm.  Always fucking sarcasm. You're afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you're weak or won't like you --
Not like.  It is.
What is this, like freebase?
Inhale the smoke and hold it.
Just watch.
What are you doing?
Yeah, like turning into a beautiful woman.
Oh, man, I've never eaten so good in my life.  Why don't you develop a useful skill?
Remember when we sat on that mob guy, that chef, for like six months?
She's your girlfriend.  Open it, talk about your kids.
What do you think she wants?
I don't know.
What do we do?
I love my job.  I love it.  The next time I'm having a bad day you gotta remind me of right now and I'll get over it.
Are you getting this on tape?
Winners don't do coke.  Or haven't you been reading the bumper stickers?
He won.  He was a winner.  That bothers you.
Maradona is a cokehead.  Hand of God, my ass.  We're wasting our time here.
You should see little Montel play. Little Montel is the next Maradona.
You want to make a wager on this?
So does half of San Diego.
She knows Arnie Metzger.
I'm telling you, she doesn't know shit.
I have dreams about this, actual dreams about busting the top people, the rich people, the white people.
She ain't in on it.
They're whispering.  I can't hear them, but I know it.  I smell conspiracy.  I feel the lie vibrating out of the home.
Who do you work for?
That's a big word for a fisherman.
We got you on tape making the deal. We got you bragging about the quality. We got you bragging about your business.  We got you.
Move 'em to Texas, fry 'em up.
It's a funny fuckin' joke and it's quick.  Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Chill out --
Nope.
No more pissant basin league bullshit for us, hunh?
I feel good.
No telltales.  Nothing to read. Not touching my face.  Not even blinking.  No giveaways.  How're you feeling?
Medicinal marijuana initiative.  Or am I being cynical?
Arizona.
Depends on the state.
What would a law firm want from the new drug Czar?
You can learn a lot about somebody from this stuff.  Three categories: you like me, you hate me, you want something from me.  Definitely third category.
Your friends at Warren, Putnam and Hudson.
Depends who it's from.
What do you think it is?
Yeah!
Women's room, stall two.  Should we stop for ice-cream?
We're playing!
David --
Especially Tiger Woods.  ...Actually, he keeps his on the back seat.
Not Tiger Woods.
All the professionals keep them in the trunk.
No --
I'll put this in the back.
What are you?  A mouse?  Get out of the car and do it.  This is your chance.
They're going to walk right past me.
There's always a way.  If people get to the Pope or the President, you can get to him.
I don't know.  Eduardo Ruiz is the only real witness against Carl.  The security is very tight.  There may not be a way.
When will you do it?
I don't really like guns.  You shoot someone in the head three times and some doctor will keep them alive.
You're kidding.  Can't you shoot him or something?
You were followed by the police, but they won't hear us over the children. I want to use a bomb.
I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
You may speak.
I'm on a special phone, may I speak freely?
Yes.
You only got to me because you were tipped off by the Juarez Cartel, who's trying to break into Tijuana. You're helping them.  You work for a drug dealer too, Monty.
So go shower already.
The worst thing about you, Monty, is you realize the futility of what you're doing and you do it anyway. I wish you could see how transparent you are.  This food tastes like shit.
You're breaking my heart.
Can't you for a second imagine none of this had happened?  That my drugs had gone through.  What would have been the harm?  A few people get high who are getting high anyway. Your partner is still alive.  We avoid having breakfast together. Don't you see this means nothing? That your whole life is pointless?
That thought makes me feel awful.
You expect me to be grateful for spending the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
When the DEA gets into the narcotics business, then we'll stay at the Four Seasons.
This is ridiculous.  Why is there no elevator?
Carl and I were friends from childhood.  He was loyal, that's not a mistake.
He hired you.  That was a mistake.
I got greedy.  I decided to bring a little in on my own and somebody tipped you off.  That was my mistake. Carl would never be so stupid.
This attitude's not gonna help him any, is it?
In Mexico law enforcement is an entrepreneurial activity, this is not so true for the USA.  Using regression analysis we made a study of the customs lanes at the border and calculated the odds of a search.  The odds are not high, and we found variables that reduce the odds.  We hire drivers with nothing to lose.  Then we throw a lot of product at the problem.  Some get stopped.  Enough get through.  It's not difficult.
So you pay off our customs officials?
Carlos, I mean Carl, started out in the family connection business: real estate in Tijuana, fishing boats out of Ensenada, hydroponic raspberries. He met up with the Obregon brothers of the Tijuana Cartel who were interested in two things: entering society and using his fishing boats.
We can protect you.
It's a death sentence.  I'll never make it to the trial.
One chance here, Eduardo.  Make us believe you got a boss.  No boss, it's all on you.
The amount of coke we got on you means capital punishment in some states.
You can't visit me here.  I want my lawyer.
Listen you motherfucker, you tried to kill me with a fucking cannon.
I am a legitimate business.  Fishing boats.  Tuna.  Check it out.  Tax records, everything --
You planning on going somewhere, Eduardo?  You don't like it here? This is the best situation you're going to have for a long, long time.
Nobody said shit, Eduardo --
So, it's worth the wait, right? What can I do?  Rent a Huey?  Have an airlift?  It's not like you can put it in a condom up some mule's asshole, right?  How many peasants would that take?  A line stretching from here to Mexico City --
You will dine with me from now on.
I don't know, sir.
Bring this man a change of good clothes.  Has he eaten?
Yes, sir!
We aren't barbarians.
Yes, sir!
I want to know who is responsible for this treatment.
Deliver that safely to Tigrillo in San Diego.  And we have a deal.
You will help me with my other problem.
Exactly, and this is how I know I'm not getting into business with the U.S. Government.
That's crazy.  My husband is on trial for smuggling.
Take this back with you.  Deliver it safely to Tigrillo in San Diego and we have a deal.
Perhaps... Perhaps... I'm afraid I must first ask you to pass a test. I asked the same of your husband and he succeeded with flying colors.
It should be... It's yours.  I want our debt forgiven.  I want to be the exclusive distributor of Obregon Brothers Cocaine for the United States.  And I want the principle witness against my husband, Eduardo Ruiz, killed.
That's good coke.
Fine, then we don't have a deal.
Fine, then we don't have deal.
I'm six months pregnant.  I won't do it.
You first.
I don't believe you.
Every part, from his ears to his accessory belt, is high-impact, pressure-molded cocaine.  Odorless. Undetectable by dogs.  Undetectable by anyone.
Not in...
You want to smuggle narcotics in Mr. Espastico Jacobo.  That's nothing new.
We have the ability to change the color, odor, and physical property of cocaine.
I don't know.  Perhaps I remember something.
My husband had been working on something he called, The Project for the Children.  Are you aware of this?
But not in whose interest it is to help you out of debt.
There are plenty of other suppliers in Mexico.
You don't?  Listen to this woman in a man's world, a very violent world.
I don't think you're going to do that.
That is not true, Mrs. Ayala.  Your route is compromised.  Perhaps it is time for me to deal with other distributors in California.
My husband is the victim of an informer in your organization, not ours.
I hear these stories.  Your husband in jail.  His business in chaos. Various people fighting over the scraps.
Why do you say that, Mr. Marquez?
No, this is not possible.  And I thank you for coming down here, though I suspect it's been a pointless journey.
Yes, he threatened to kill my five year-old son.  I was under the impression I would be meeting Juan Obregon.
We keep our mouths shut.
Javi!  Come on.  Don't pull this you don't care bullshit.  This is incredible information.  It must be. Javi --
Porfirio Madrigal is not dead.  I just saw him.
What?
Madrigal's alive.
Go home.  Get cleaned up.  Get to work.  Salazar is heading down to Mexico City next week and I'm not getting left behind.  Don't fuck this up.
No, but a lot of other people.  You should come.  You should come out with us.
Oh, really.  General Salazar was there?
It's no problem.  I was just with everybody we work with.
Not this time.
Yeah.  It should be fun.  You wanna come?
Your new friends.
Guzman, Tomas, Esteban --
Who?
A group of us are going out tonight.
Then I guess I'm going by myself.
This is fucking crazy.  Instead of killing us, he sends us on a suicide mission.  Do you know who Frankie Flowers is?  He's a psycho-cokehead- hitman.  A faggot.  He's killed fucking who knows how many people. You'd need half the force to get close to him.  And you can't get their help because he lives in fucking San Diego.
The police won't find your car.
Please.  Filing a report will not help you find your car.
Anyway, I don't think we'll ever see them again.  Everything's back to normal.
She's nosy.  She hears me on the telephone.
If you want her to stay out of it, then stop telling her everything. You should learn how to keep a secret.
They wouldn't do it in front of all these people.  They'd send someone later, when we're alone.
Relax.  If they were going to kill us they would have done it in the desert.
I don't know.  Something.
What's he doing up here?
Yeah.
Wasn't that General Salazar?
I feel like a traitor.
You should feel good about this.
This is a very different proposition.
We thought maybe you'd have that kind of information for us.
So... maybe you tell me about your informants in our operations.
We agree.
It's important that we work together. Mexico.  America.  One hand washing the other.
No.
A place we have, that we know is protected.
Where?
Somewhere safe.
When he loves me like a father, he will never tell anyone he was here. He will freely give the names of his superiors.  Then we get them and they too will give us names.  And eventually somebody will get us to Juan Obregon and the cartel will fall.
But will he be house-trained?
You watch and learn.  I earn his trust.  Then more pain.  Then I appear with kindness.  Within a week he will follow me around like a dog.
Everybody has a weakness.
I'm curious how you did this with such economy.
He'll do what I say.
Only if he can be trusted.
Does this offer include my partner?
A small thing.  Nothing really.
What is it you want me to do?
I'm trying to bust the Tijuana Cartel.
If I can.
That's your past.  I want to talk about your future.  Would you be willing to do something for me?
It was an anonymous tip.
What is the name of your informant?
An informant.
One question.  How did you find about this?
Well, Javier Rodriguez, you've done a very good job, but we'll take care of it from here.
Javier Rodriguez.
What's your name?
Is it possible to have a Drug Czar in Mexico who isn't connected in some war to one of the cartels?
It's possible.
That would probably mean the Tijuana Cartel is gaining power?
It could mean that, yes.
Let me ask you a hypothetical question: if Salazar worked for Madrigal and the Juaraz cartel, and he went out of power, would it mean the Juarez Cartel is losing influence?
So what's it doing in Tijuana?
I'm aware of that.
The cocaine brand, 911, is an East Coast brand, a Juarez Cartel brand, and you must know it usually comes through into El Paso?
If I ever return to the bench, Counselor Adler, I hope I have the pleasure of hearing your arguments.
I hope when you were on the bench, Judge Wakefield, you didn't handle the presumption of innocence in the same fashion.
Last I read your clients were chopping people up with chainsaws and delivering illegal narcotics into this country.
Noriega was head of a sovereign nation who made the mistake of doing business with the U.S.  Government.  So, no, I don't have a problem waking up every day and fighting our government, fighting people like you, trying to keep this system a little bit honest.
Noriega is a criminal.
We kidnapped Noriega out of Panama. Is that covered in your Constitution? Because it isn't in mine.
Michael, you represent drug dealers, not civil libertarians.
The worst serial killer in history - who?  Gacy - right?  Killed forty two people.  Our government killed fifty thousand in Vietnam and lied about it every day.
Which part, getting terrorists loose on bail or freeing convicted murderers on technicalities?
My work keeps me young.
Right.  But, that's not the biggest problem.  One of our Intel officers picked up information from DEA that traffickers have come up with a process, a chemical process, to turn coke into something else.  It doesn't smell like coke.  It doesn't look like coke.  And what's worse, it doesn't react to field test.  It could be anything.  Maybe it's already happening.  I mean, how would we know?
That triple the amount of stuff is going through.
Sure.  More money in intelligence on their side of the border.  So we have a better idea who we're looking for.  More dogs.  More people. Supposed to be getting some giant x- ray machines to run the trucks through.  Outside of martial law that's about the best you're gonna do.  But, I should tell you, there are two things that really have us on edge right now.  In the last six months seizures have tripled, even though we're pulling over the same number of cars.  What does that tell you?
Any way we can do it better?
We ask questions and measure the answers.  When something doesn't ring true, a fact that doesn't make sense, a slight hesitation, then it's off to secondary for a closer look.  Before NAFTA we had about 1.9 million trucks a year.  Now it's almost double.  Pretty soon there'll be Mexican truck companies that will have as much freedom in crossing the border as American truck companies.
What do you look for?
I've read official estimates but I wouldn't bet my house on them.  I've heard the entire cocaine supply for the United States can fit into four tractor-trailers.  At least a half-dozen of those cars right out there are carrying a load of dope, with drivers employed by people who don't give a damn if they're caught or not.
Any idea how much?
The busiest land border crossing in the world.  Over forty-one thousand vehicles per day, twenty-two thousand pedestrians on foot.  I think we do a pretty good job but we know a lot of drugs are still getting through.
Just tell me where she is.
I want your money, I'll take your money.
I'll pay you a thousand dollars.  I have it in my wallet.
I got money.
I have money --
Who the fuck do you think you are? Where the fuck do you think you are? Why the fuck do you think I shouldn't just put you in a dumpster?
I need to find my daughter.  I'll pay you.
This is a business.  Get the fuck outta here.
I'm looking for my daughter, Caroline. She comes here.
Hey man, back the fuck up.  To this place.  What's that shit?  Right now, all over this country, a hundred thousand white people from the suburbs are driving around downtown asking every black person they see, You got any drugs?  You know where I can get drugs?  What kind of effect you think this has on the psyche of a black person, on their possibilities?  If you sent a hundred thousand black people into your neighborhood, Indian Hills, and they asked every white person they saw, hey, you got any drugs?, within a day, your friends and their kids would be selling. It's market forces, man.  The product's marked up three hundred percent.  You can go out on the street and make five hundred bucks in two hours and then do whatever you want for the rest of the day.  You think white people would still be going to law school?
I can't believe you used to bring my daughter here, to this place.
I don't know, maybe we missed her.
You want to help?  Stay the fuck away from her.
Hey man, I'm sorry.  I'm just trying to help.
You don't know what the hell you're talking about.  You're a cocky seventeen year-old and you don't have a clue what the stakes are. You don't know the value of the life you've yet to throw away.  And neither does she.
The West End.  We buy it off the streets.  I can stop, you know, and she can't. Two people, really similar, we can talk about anything, but for me it's like a weekend thing, then I get my shit together, and for her it's different --
What?
We sometimes went downtown to score.
I don't give a fuck about your parents --
You won't say anything to my parents?
I'm not the police.  I don't care about experimentation.  She's a kid. I'm worried to death.
I don't know what to say.
Can you tell me anything?  Do you have any ideas?
I tried to talk to her when she was up there, but they wouldn't put me through.  I'm surprised she hasn't called.
She hasn't called you?
Oh, man --
She snuck away.  And we haven't seen her.  She hasn't come home.
She's not at that place you sent her?
Addicts treat themselves... they overdose and then there's one less to worry about.
Let me ask you a related question. We've talked about the supply side, but what about demand?  What is your policy for treating addiction?
Yes, I hope so as well.
Hopefully the exchange of training methods and information between our countries will help with this problem.
Yes, I am confident that Juan Obregon will be taken into custody before the end of the year.  But, you must understand that it is very difficult because of corruption in the police force.  We get a tip that he is one place, then we get there and he is already gone, having been warned by someone on our side.
You've been making very good progress against the Tijuana cartel.
That would be very helpful to me.  Also, I received the offer from DEA and the FBI to train some of my men at Quantico.  I think this will be extremely useful, a good way for us to absorb some of your methods.
I'd like to bring you up to Washington, walk you around our side of things, and share some of the information we've been able to develop on your cartels.
I recruited the best men in Mexico for my task force and put them through a rigorous screening process.  Not only physical, but also psychological.
If we're moving the press conference, we need to do it now.  Are you all right?
I'll get there as soon as I can.
Apparently not.  Look, it's a shit storm here right now.  When are you coming back?  I don't know what to tell people any more.
What?  I thought Madrigal was dead. I thought it was verified.
Salazar's been taken down.  He was working for Porfirio Madrigal.
I'm sorry... Did I wake you?
Hello.
I see where you're going with that, but if I could just say something, which is basically that a guy like Landry is so autocratic he doesn't know how to let himself be helped; it's a point of pride to take every bullet, no matter who fired it, or whether it was even aimed at him, which personally I think it very self-defeating.  Now, don't get me wrong, he's a man of enormous integrity, but there's a political component to this job that the General just didn't have any patience for.
Like you protected Landry?
I just want to be clear about one thing.  I used to work for him, but now I work for you.  I'm not a partisan person, I'm an issue person. In the next few weeks, if you allow me, we'll get you well-versed on an incredible array of issues.  The most important of which, in my opinion, being Mexico.  I know everybody that you're gonna meet. It's important that they like you. It's not important that they like me.  That's why I can help protect you.
I don't know.  I don't think there's any one person.  See the problem is the Juarez cartel owns everything and everybody, all the property on the Mexican side, sometimes all the property on both sides.  Warehouses, transportation, even tunnels.  It's very organized.
I mean, who runs interdiction on the Mexico side?
What do you mean?
Who do we interface with on their side?
Right.  Now it's used by somebody from the Juarez Cartel, one of his lieutenants...  Who knows?  Every damn day there's birthday party. At first I thought they must have three hundred children, then I realized they're taunting us.  Three miles away and we can't touch them. Ha, ha, ha.
He died in a liposuction surgery, right?
Agents who died in the field.
Who are these guys?
It's three a.m.  I'm not supposed to be here.  I snuck out --
Mapping the fucking pig genome. We'll call your dad, he's a neurosurgeon --
What kind of research?
He's a research doctor.  You're dad's a doctor, too --
Your dad's a doctor.  Call him --
What do we do?  Okay.  Fucked-up Bowman's turning blue.  Doctor.  We need a doctor.
You'll never catch us, you flabby bastard. Right, see, when I come back --
I'll be right after you.
I'm off for a pish. When I come back, that money's still here, OK?
OK. Same again?
Christ.
Because I fucking told you to do that, you doss cunt.
Well, why didn't you bring them?
Bit fucking late, like.
I'm sorry.
It's fucking boring after a while without the cards.
Well, I've not brought them.
It's fucking boring after a while without the cards.
Well, I've not brought them.
The cards. The last thing I said to you was mind the cards.
What?
No. On you go.
Did you tell him?
You were in my way.
You've stabbed me, man.
Shut you mouth or you'll be next.
You daft cunt. If you're going to waste it like that, you might as well leave it all to me. Now get the drinks in.
No, I don't mean like that -- I mean something nice, like, that's all --
Shag her senseless.
I don't know, maybe I'll buy something for my ma, and then buy some good speed, no bicarb like, then get a girl, take her out like, and treat her -- properly.
If everyone keeps their mouth shut, there'll be no one going to jail.
I want the money, Mark, that's all.
Sorry's no going to dry me off, you cunt.
Look, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it.
All down my fucking front, you fucking idiot.
Sorry, mate, I'll get you another.
For fuck's sake.
Ninteen.
But it's not worth more than fifteen.
Twenty thousand.
Not sorry enough for being a fat cunt.
Cool down, Franco. The guy's sorry.
I guess you would, Franco.
I'd fucking kill you.
We'll be half-way down the road with the money.
For four fucking grand?  One palm tree, a couple of rocks, and a sewage outflow.
Buy yourself that island in the sun?
Did you bring the cards?
This was his nightmare. The dodgiest scam in a lifetime of dodgie scams being perpetrated with three of the most useless and unreliable fuck-ups in town. I knew what was going on in his mind: any trouble in London and he would dump us immediately, one way or another. He had to. If he got caught with a bagful of skag, on top of that armed robbery shit, he was going down for fifteen to twenty. Begbie was hard, but not so hard that he didn't shite it off twenty years in Saughton.
Four kilos. That's what -- Ten years' worth? Russian sailors? Mikey Forrester? What the fuck are you on these days? You've been to jail, Spud, so what's the deal -- like it so much you want to go back again?
Two thousand, one hundred and thirty- three pounds.
Jesus.
Yes, you fucking do. I've seen your statement.
Let's face it, it could have been wonderful.
I'm no a fucking buftie and that's the end of it.
I'm a fugitive from the law. I can't be seen on the fucking streets. Now watch my lips. Kempton Park. Two-thirty. Five pounds to win. Bad Boy.
Can you not go yourself.
Hey, I'm wanting a bet put on.
I've no fucking cigarettes.
What?
Too right it is. Now look, have you got anything to eat, 'cos I'm fucking Lee Marvin, by the way.
It's a scandal, Franco.
Aye, OK, Fr.  But the good times couldn't last for ever.
And remember, Rents: no skag.
Well, he's young and he's healthy.
So, what's he like?
What do you think -- I should be carrying a torch for you?
Happy birthday.
Sixteen next month.
And what age are you? Thirteen? Fourteen?
That's right: 'going steady' for four weeks now.
What? Steady like?
I've got a boyfriend, Mark.
Well, you're not going to tell anyone, are you, and besides, I thought we could meet up afterwards, maybe go somewhere together.
So why have you told me about it?
So long as everyone keeps their mouths shut, we'll not be getting caught.
Unless you get caught.
It's so simple. We buy it at four grand, we punt it at twenty to this guy that Sick Boy knows, and he punts it at sixty. Everyone's happy, everyone's in profit. I put up two. I come away with six.
The point is, you've got to find something new.
Iggy Pop is not dead. He toured last year. Tommy went to see him.
Whatever. I mean, the guy's dead anyway.
It's Iggy Pop.
You're not getting any younger, Mark. The world is changing, music is changing, even drugs are changing. You can't stay in here all day dreaming about heroin and Ziggy Pop.
Too young for what?
You're too young.
Smells like it.
Well, it isn't.
I wouldn't mind a bit, if it is.
No.
Calm down, I'm just asking. Is that hash I can smell?
Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
Is that a promise, then?
Yes.
Are you clean?
What do you want?
Certainly not.
Can I see you again?
Easy for you to say.
Calm down. You're not going to jail.
And that's what's illegal. Do you know what they do to people like me inside? They'd cut my balls off and flush them down the fucking toilet.
In that case you can do it. You were quite happy to do a lot more last night.
No, not holding hands.
Holding hands?
Because it's illegal.
I don't see why not.
And don't make any noise.
Jesus.
No argument. You can sleep on the sofa in the living room, or go home. It's up to you.
Come on.
Out.
What?
Right. You can't sleep here.
Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
Shut up.
Sorry.
Ssshh!
Diane.
think I left something back at the -
Well, what's wrong, boy? Cat got your tongue.
Eh-
Do you find that this approach usually works, or, let me guess, you've never tried it before. In fact, you don't normally approach girls, am I right? The truth is that you're a quite, sensitive type but if I'm prepared to take a chance I might just get to know the inner you: witty, adventurous, passionate, loving, loyal, a little bit crazy, a little bit bad, but, hey, don't us girls just love that?
I'll come back if you like, but I'm not promising anything.
What?
Great.
It's where I live.
Where's that?
I'm going home.
Where are you going, Diane?
Diane.
What's your name?
Thanks.
Excuse me, I don't mean to harass you, but I was very impressed by the capable and stylish manner in which you dealt with that situation. I thought to myself: she's special.
He forgot. Useless motherfucker.
What happened?
What, and deny myself the only pleasure I get from him? Did I tell you about my birthday?
Actually it's a nightmare. I've been desperate for a shag, but watching him suffer was just too much fun. You should try it with Tommy.
It's an interesting theory.
I read it in Cosmopolitan.
I didn't either. What the fuck is it?
Exactly. I'm not wanting a cat, she says. Get to fuck, right. So there's Tommy stuck with this kitten. You can imagine what happened. The thing was neglected, pissing and shitting all over the place. Tommy was lying around fucked out of his eyeballs on smack or downers. He didn't know you could get toxoplasmosis from cat shit.
I bet Lizzy told him where to put it.
Eh? How's that?
No, toxoplasmosis. Sort of like a stroke.
What was it, pneumonia or cancer?
Tommy knew he had the virus, like, but never knew he'd gone full-blown.
Returned it? Where? To the video shop, Tommy? To the fucking video store? So every punter in Edinburgh is jerking off to our video? God, Tommy, I feel sick.
It'll be here somewhere. I might have returned it by mistake.
What do you mean, it's 'gone'? Where has it gone, Tommy?
Fuck, OK.
Yes, I want to watch ourselves while we're screwing.
Now?
Tommy, let's put the tape on.
Exactly. Those very words have been my guiding light in what is, after all, a dark and often hostile world.
Strive, hope, believe and conquer.
Of course, the motto, the motto --
Do you recall the school motto?
Oh, really?
I'm an old boy myself, you know?
Oh, yes, indeed. I look back on my time there with great fondness and affection. The debating society, the first eleven, the soft know of willow on leather --
One of Edinburgh's finest schools.
Indeed, yes, those halcyon days.
Well, Mr. Renton, I see that you attended the Royal Edinburgh College.
The pleasure was mine. Best interview I've ever been to. Thanks.
Thank you, Mr. Murphy. We'll let you know.
Hey. Right. No problem. Whatever you say, man. You're the man, the governor, the dude in the chair, like. I'm merely here. But obviously I am. Here, that is. I hope I'm not talking too much. I don't usually. I think it's all important though, isn't it?
You were referred here by the Department of Employment. There's no need for you to get you "foot in the door", as you put it.
Only to get my foot in the door. Showing initiative, right?
Mr. Murphy, do you mean that you lied on your application?
No, actually I went to Craignewton but I was worried that you wouldn't have heard of it so I put the Royal Edinburgh College instead, because they're both schools, right, and we're all in this together, and I wanted to put across the general idea rather than the details, yeah? People get all hung up on details, but what's the point? Like which school? Does it matter? Why? When? Where? Or how many O grades did I get? Could be six, could be one, but that's not important. What's important is that I am, right? That I am.
Spud, they're my sheets.
I'd really rather take care of it myself.
No problem for me either.  Honestly, it's no problem.
It's no problem.
There's no need.
No, I'll wash them. I'll take them home and bring them back.
I'll put the sheets in the washing machine just now.
Sorry about last night -
Morning, Spud. Sit down and have some breakfast.
No problem.  No problem -- easy to say when its some other poor cunt with shite for blood.
Thanks, Mark.
Well, sub us, then, mate. I'm expecting a rent cheque.
No, I'm clean.
Have you got any gear on you?
I'm sorry, Tommy.
That's nice.
Aye.
Clear?
Aye.
You take the test?
No. Me Neither.
No.
Following the game at all?
No.
Are you getting out much?
Would not say no, would not say no.
Another dab?
A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's my only fear, compadre.
Try this.
My problem is that I tend to clam up. I go dumb and I can't answer any questions at all. Nerves on the big occasion, like a footballer.
It's a tightrope, Spud, a fucking tightrope.
Nightmare.
Exactly.
And you might get the fucking job.
But try too hard --
Right.
If they think you're not trying, you're in trouble. First hint of that, they'll be on to the DSS, 'This cunt's no trying' and your Giro is fucking finished, right?
Yeah.
Now remember --
Cheers.
Good luck, Spud.
Sorry, boys, I don't have two thousand pounds.
Come on, Mark, every cunt knows you've been saving up down in London.
That's tough.
We're two thousand short.
But you don't have the money?
Four Grand.
What was your price?
So we've just come from Tommy's funeral and you're telling me about a skag deal?
So he met me and I offered to take it off his hands at a very reasonable price, with the intention of punting it on myself to a guy I know in London.
So?
About four kilos. So he tells me. Got drunk in a pub down by the docks last week, where he met two Russian sailors. They're fucking carrying the stuff. For sale there and then, like. So he wakes up the next morning, realizes what he's done and get very fucking nervous. Wants rid of this. {---------- He's looking for Swanney to punt it, but Swanney's nowhere to be seen since he lost his leg. ---------- }
How much?
There's a mate of swanney's. Mikey Forrester -- you know the guy. He's come into some gear. A lot of gear.
What?
It was just an idea.
Why would I want to sell my passport?
Well, this guy I've met runs a hotel. Brother. Loads of contacts. Does a nice little sideline in punting British passports to foreigners. Get you a good price.
Why?
Well, Christ, if I'd known you were going to get so humpty about it, I wouldn't have bothered. Are you going to eat that?
It was my fucking television.
I got a good price for it. Rents, I need the money.
I can't believe you did that.
And I'll tell you why. Because I'm fed up to my back teeth with losers, no-hopers, draftpacks, schemies, junkies and the like. I'm getting on with life. What are you doing?
Fuck you.
I know a couple of addicts. Stupid wee lassies. I feed them what they need. A little bit of skag to keep them happy while the punters line up at a fiver a skull. It's easy money for me. Not exactly a fortune, but I'm thinking, 'I should be coining it here.'  Less whores, more skag. Swanney's right. Get clean, get into dealing, that's where the future lies. Set up some contacts, get a good load of skag, punt it, profit. What do you think?
You're all hear.
Fuck you. OK, so Tommy's got the virus. Bad news, big deal. The gig goes on, or hadn't you noticed? Swanney fucks his leg up. Well, tough shit, but it could have been worse.
You're a real mate. And what about Tommy? Have you been to see him yet?
Don't know. Maybe Thursday.
When are you going to visit him?
Cut it out.
And I got a stitch stuck between my teeth, jerked my head back and the whole fucking stump fell off.
God, you're sick.
He made me lick it.
Oh no, don't even mention it.
No, he didn't make me touch it.
You know.
What?
Did he -- you know?
It wasn't that bad.
Eughh. Sounds horrible.
I'm cooking' up. There is a silence.
Say something, Mark, say something --
It wasn't my baby. She wasn't my baby. Baby Dawn. She wasn't mine. Spud's? Swanney's? Sick Boy's? I don't know. Maybe Allison knew. Maybe not. I wished I could think of something to say, something sympathetic, something human.
Oh, fuck. Sick Boy reaches out to Allison.
What's wrong, Allison?
I think Allison had been screaming all day, but it hadn't really registered before. She might have been screaming for a week for all I knew. It's been days since I've heard anyone speak, though surely someone must have said something in all that time, surely to fuck someone must have.
Clear enough, Moneypenny. This should present no significant problem.
Do you see the beast? Have you got it in you sights?
Give me the gun.
Yeah, Beautifully fucking illustrated.
That's your theory?
Yeah.
Right. So we all get old and then we can't hack it any more. Is that it?
That means fuck all. The sympathy vote.
Despite the Academy award?
I don't rate that at all.
What about The Untouchables?
All I'm trying to do is help you understand that The Name of the Rose is merely a blip on an otherwise uninterrupted downward trajectory.
OK, OK, so what's the point you're trying to make?
Charlie Nicholas, David Niven, Malcolm McLaren, Elvis Presley. -
So who else?
No, it's not bad, but it's not great either, is it? And in your heart you kind of know that although it sounds all right, it's actually just shite.
Some of his solo stuff's not bad.
Well, at one time, you've got it, and then you lose it, and it's gone for ever. All walks of life: George Best, for example, had it and lost it, or David Bowie, or Lou Reed -
What do you mean?
It's certainly a phenomenon in all walks of life.
Roald Dahl. Fuck me.
Roald Dahl.
Who wrote it?
Tomorrow afternoon. Usual set-up.
The park?
And I wondered if you'd care to go to the park tomorrow.
You don't know, do you?
But you're looking better, it has to be said. Healthier. Radiant even.
Who wrote it?
You can look it up.
OK, so who was it, then?
Fuck off! He never wrote any of them.
Eh - Ian Fleming?
Screenwriter?
Lewis Gilbert.
Director?
One hundred and sixteen minutes.
Running time?
Nineteen-sixty-seven.
You Only Live Twice?
The only drawback, or at least the principal drawback, is that you have to endure all manner of cunts telling you that -
I would say, in those days, he was a muscular actor, in every sense, with all the presence of someone like Cooper or Lancaster, but combined with a sly wit to make him a formidable romantic lead, closer in that respect to Cary Grant.
People think it's all about misery and desperation and death and all that shite, which is not to be ignored, but what they forget - Spud is shooting up for the pleasure of it. Otherwise we wouldn't do it. After all, we're not fucking stupid. At least, we're not that fucking stupid. Take the best orgasm you ever had, multiply it by a thousand and you're still nowhere near it. When you're on junk you have only one worry: scoring. When you're off it you are suddenly obliged to worry about all sorts of other shite. Got no money: can't get pished. Got money: drinking too much. Can't get a bird: no chance of a ride. Got a bird: too much hassle. You have to worry about bills, about food, about some football team that never fucking wins, about human relationships and all the things that really don't matter when you've got a sincere and truthful junk habit.
Goldfinger's better than Dr. No. Both of them are a lot better than Diamonds are Forever a judgement reflected in its relative poor showing at the box office, in which field, of course, Thunderball was a notable success.
I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who need reasons when you've got heroin?
Sure will, pal, sure will.
You'll have to send us a postcard.
Yeah.
Sounds great, Swanney.
The strategy is this: get clean, get mobile, get into dealing, and this time next year I'll be watching the rising sun with a posse of oriental buttocks parked on my coupon.
Sure.
And see when I get out of here. I've got plans. Going to get myself straightened out and head off to Thailand, where women really know how to treat a guy. See, out there you can live like a king if you've got white skin and a few crisp tenners in your pocket. No fucking problem.
Great.
As you wish.
No, thank you. I'll proceed directly to the intravenous injection of hard drugs, please.
In that case --
Regret to inform, sir, that your credit limit was reached and breached a long time ago.
Stick it on my tab.
And would sir care to settle his bill in advance?
Why, thank you.
Your usual table, sir?
Excellent.
Your favourite dish.
What's on the menu this evening?
To see you through the night that lies ahead.
No, I don't think so.
you'll need one more hit.
That's hardly a substitute.
He knows a lot about Sean Connery.
He's always been lacking in moral fibre.
Yeah, well, it surely worked for him.
The Sick Boy method.
Sure, sure. I've heard it before.
I'm going to get it right this time. Going to get it set up and get off it for good.
Well, it's up to you.
Yeah. No more. I'm finished with that shite.
Are you serious?
From time to time, even I have uttered the magic words.
Doesn't it make you proud to be Scottish?
Look, Tommy, we know you're getting a hard time off Lizzy, but there's no need to take it out on us.
It's fresh air.
It's really nice, Tommy. Can we go home now?
It's the great outdoors.
Are you serious?
There.
Such as sitting in a darkened room, watching videos, drinking, smoking dope and wanking. Does that answer your question?
Such as?
If I'm giving up a whole day and the price of a ticket, I'm just saying it had better be good. There's plenty of other things I could be doing.
It will be. It'll make a change for three miserable junkies who don't know what they want to do with themselves since they stopped doing smack.
This had better be good.
I don't know, Tommy. I don't know if it's... normal.
Well, what are you waiting for?
But where?
A walk.
What?
We go for a walk.
Well, I've paid for the ticket.
So what's it going to be?
Big time. Absolutely fucking radge. 'It's me or Iggy Pop, time to decide.'
Went ballistic?
Yes, but then she finds out I've bought a ticket for Iggy Pop the same night.
That's fair enough.
Useless motherfucker, that's what she called me. I told her, I'm sorry, but theses things happen. Let's put it behind us.
I've got balls like watermelons, I'm telling you.
Six weeks and no sex?
She read it in Cosmopolitan.
Where did she come up with that?
It's a nightmare. She told me she didn't want our relationship to start on a physical basis as that is how it would be principally defined from then on in.
Six weeks!
Six weeks.
How long is it?
No joy yet.
How's it going with Gail?
No. Well, yes. I have to admit it: I'm a perfectionist. For me, it's the best or nothing at all. If things go badly, I can't be bothered, but I have a good feeling about this interview. Seems to me like it's gone pretty well. We've touched on a lot of subjects, a lot of things to think about, for all of us.
Mr. Murphy, {leaving your friend aside,} do you see yourself as having any weaknesses?
No, not homeless people. Beggars, Francis Begbie -- one of my mates. I wouldn't say my best mate, I mean, sometimes the boy goes over the score, like one time when we -- me and him -- were having a laugh and all of a sudden he's fucking gubbed me in the face, right --
Homeless people?
I love people. All people. Even people that no one else loves, I think they're OK, you know. Like Beggars.
What do you see as your main strengths?
It runs deep. Share it with me.
My pain?
I couldn't help but notice you pain.
Bring it closer so that I might join with it. Do it, or watch these puny things die horribly.
The ship....
Bring me the ship or I will destroy you!
No, no, it's not possible.
He doubts me.
Why? Why have you done this to my friend?
You doubt me?
He has his doubts...
It will be your chariot!
Then I shall make use of this starship.
It could. Yes.
This starship, could it carry my wisdom beyond the Barrier?
With a starship!
And how did you breach the Barrier?
We sought only your infinite wisdom.
Magnificent. You are the first to find me.
It was not. The Barrier stood between us - but we breached it.
It is I.  The journey you undertook to reach me could not have been an easy one.
Qual se tu?
Don't worry, fellas. Your secret's` safe with me. I'll send the shuttlecraft to pick you up.
Sulu! Look! The sun's come out! It's a miracle!
My visual says sunny skies and seventy degrees.
Is there a problem, gentlemen?
Don't tell them you're lost. You'll never live it down.
Return to prearranged coordinates for pickup.
Rescued at last.
Bad news, gentlemen. Shore leave's been cancelled.
But, Captain, we're firing directly on your position.
In firing position. Torpedo armed.
Estimating destination in 6.7 hours, present speed.
Following new course. Warp seven.
Pavel.
New course? You have no authority.  What's going on here?
Plotting our new course.
Sulu, what are you doing?
And we can't see a thing. Request you direct us to the coordinates.
Um... yes. We've been caught in a blizzard!
All right, we're lost.  But we're making good time.
Admit it. We're lost.
I don't have a clue.
What's Emergency Landing Plan B?
DO it. Go to Red Alert.
But the shuttle-
Raise shields.
Mr. Chekov, I've lost the Bird of Prey. She must have cloaked.
Closing.
Position, Bird of Prey?
Shuttle en route.
Do you realize what you've done? It wasn't bloodshed I wanted.
I instruct you to surrender. You are under attack by Federation forces.
What's going on?
We will be happy to beam down. But first we must have certain assurances.
Then it's fortunate that I have you and your starship to protect me. In the meantime, Captain Chekov, I instruct you and your First Officer to beam down to my coordinates.
You are a master of understatement. They are likely to destroy the planet.
Your threats amuse me, Captain Chekov. What consequences did you have in mind?
This is Captain Pavel Chekov speaking. You are in violation of Neutral Zone Treaty. I advise you to release your hostages at once or suffer the consequences.
A Federation starship.
This is the Starship Enterprise.
Understood. Kirk out.
No, but you can bet they will.
Have the Klingons responded?
Your orders are to proceed to Nimbus III, assess the situation and avoid a confrontation if possible. Above all, however, get those hostages back safely.
Oh, please.
Other ships, yes. But no experienced commanders. Captain, I need Jim Kirk.
With all due respect, the Enterprise is a disaster. There must be other ships in the quadrant.
The Klingon, the Romulan, the Federation consuls. Now I know Enterprise is not exactly up to specs...
The same. From what we can make out, a terrorist force has captured the only settlement. And they've taken hostages.
On "The Planet Of Galactic Peace?"
I apologize for canceling shore leave, but look, we have a dangerous situation out on Nimbus III.
You caught me on my way to the shower.
Jim...? Well, we're dressing informally, aren't we?
Bob?
Enterprise, this is Starfleet Operations. Come in.
Can we have it quiet?
Have faith, my friend. There are more of us than you know.
But how?
Perhaps I have a way to bring one here.
A starship? There are no starships on Nimbus III.
What you seek. What all men have sought since time began - ultimate knowledge. But to find it we'll need a starship.
What is it you seek?
Join my quest.
I feel as if a weight has been lifted from my heart. How can I repay you for this miracle?
The power was within you.
Where did you get this power?
Let us explore it together.
What do you know of my pain?
Your pain runs deep.
It's all I have.
Besides, I can't believe you'd kill me for a field of empty holes.
Beam up Spock and Dr. McCoy. Now!
She's got partial power, sir. I might be able to take two of you.
Mr. Scott, you're amazing.
Head down that tunnel to the hydro vent and turn right. Then left at the blowscreen. You can't miss it.
Mr. Scott, get the transporter working. If we contact a rescue ship we'll need it.  Which way to the turbo shaft?
If we could send a distress signal...
Captain, we can't trust anyone now.
Then we'll have to get them out the old fashioned way.
Scotty here, Captain. Transporter is still inoperative. Even if we could lock onto the hostages, we couldn't beam them up.
I hope it won't come to that, Mr. Scott.
Don't you worry, Captain. We'll beat those Klingon devils even if I have to get out and push.
Aye, Captain  How many times do I have to tell you? The right tool for the right job...
Very well, Mr. Scott. Carry on.
I think you gave me too much time, Captain.
You told me you could have the ship operational  in two weeks. I gave you three. What Happened?
Go, Sulu.
Bird of Prey bearing one zero five mark two.
Transporter room. Status.
Paradise City, can you boost your power? We're barely receiving transmission.
Respond with static. Let them think we're having difficulty. Which wouldn't be far from the truth.
Captain, we're receiving transmission from Paradise City. They're demanding to know our intentions.
Standard orbit, Mr. Sulu.
Put it on the screen.
Captain, we're receiving the hostage information you requested.
Put it on the veiwscreen, would You please?
Captain, Starfleet transmission on line.
ER... You forgot to take it with you.
Why didn't you beep my communicator?
Mr. Scott apologizes for having to send the shuttlecraft. The transporter beam is non-operational. Captain, we've received important orders from Starlet Command.
Yes. I lost a brother once. I was lucky. I got him back.
I was thinking of Sybok. I've lost a brother.
Maybe he's not out there, Bones. Maybe he's right here... in the human heart  Spock?
Not possible. You were never alone.
Spock, I thought I was going to die.
Welcome aboard, Captain.
Spock?
I believe we are witnessing my birth.
What is this?
It's all right, Captain.  Proceed.
Spock... don't.
Mark two. Request emergency assistance. Acknowledge.
...mark two.
To anyone within the sound of my voice: This is Captain James T. Kirk of the Federation Starship Enterprise. If you read me, acknowledge. Acknowledge.
The emergency channel, open.
Spock.
Fire the rockets!
If I activate them now, Captain, we will be propelled upward at an unbelievable rate.
Spock... the booster rockets.
It must be all those marsh melons.
It would appear we are too heavy.
Uh-uh.
Hmmm?
I believe I have found a faster way.
The only problem is, it's up there. We're down here.
There is an emergency sending apparatus in the forward observation room.
"c."... "k."
New word. "b".. "a"... um...
"a"... "n"...uh, "d"... end of word.
A "t."
You're right. I'm a little out of practice.  Uh....that's an "s."
That's a little vague, Spock -
I am here, Captain.
Spock! My only concern is getting the ship back. When that's done and Sybok is in here then you can debate Sha Ka Ree until you're green in the face. Until then, you're either with me or you're not.
Sybok possessed the keenest intellect I have ever known.
But the center of the galaxy can't be reached. No ship has ever gone into the Great Barrier. No probe has ever returned.
There Sha Ka Ree is fabled to exist.
That he's found it. Sha Ka Ree. The reason Sybok left Vulcan.
Is what possible?
Is it possible?
He did have pointed ears.
This, er, person... didn't by any chance have pointed ears and an unerring capacity for getting his shipmates into trouble, did he?
The designers tested it using the most intelligent and resourceful person they could find. He failed to escape.
How do you know?
This is a new brig, Captain. It is escape-proof.
There's got to be a way out of this place.
He's sorry, See, he's sorry. Everything... that makes everything all right. He's sorry, everything's...
I was not disposed to discuss... matters of a personal nature. For that, I'm sorry.
Why didn't you tell me this before?
Exactly. That is correct. Sybok's mother was a Vulcan princess. Upon her death, Sybok and I were raised as brothers.
I gotta sit down.
I have a half brother.
There, you see? See?
Technically, you are correct. I do not have a brother.
You did too. Sybok couldn't possibly be your brother because I happen to know for a fact that you don't have a brother.
I did not.
You mean he's your brother brother?  You made that up!
No, no, no, Captain. You do not understand. Sybok also in a son of Sarek.
Look, the man may be a fellow Vulcan, but that doesn't...
You ordered me to kill my brother.
I ordered you to defend this ship.
If I had pulled the trigger, Sybok would be dead.
You stay out of this!  Why, Spock? Why? I.. All you had to do was pull the trigger.
If you think it would help.
Forgive you? I ought to knock you on your goddamn ass!
Worse. I have betrayed you. I do not expect you to forgive me.
What you have done is betray every man on this ship.
Captain, what have I done -
Damnit, Spock. God damnit!
Let me do something.
You must allow us to act.
An eternity during which we'll be vulnerable to Klingon attack. Korrd-you tell him.
Exactly 15.5 seconds.
Yes, Captain.
Be one with the horse.
Yes, Captain?
Spock.
We don't have 1.2 hours.
At footspeed I estimate the journey to Paradise City at 1.2 hours.
Mr. Sulu. Execute.
To land any closer would risk detection.
That puts us pretty far away from Paradise City.
Their equipment is primitive but effective. I recommend we land at Coordinate 8563.
Damn.  Let's go.
Klingon vessel now entering quadrant. Bird of Prey. Estimating 1.9 hours until her weapons come to bear.
Fascinating.
When he encouraged others to follow him, he was banished from Vulcan, never to return.
He believed the key to self-knowledge was emotion, not logic.
Why?
He rejected his logical upbringing and embraced the animal passions of our ancestors.
The knowledge and experience he sought were forbidden by Vulcan belief.
What do you mean?
There was a young student, exceptionally gifted, possessing of great intelligence. It was assumed that one day he would take his place amongst the great scholars of Vulcan. But he was a revolutionary.
Who is it he reminds you of?
I do not often think of the past.
He reminds me of someone I knew in my youth.
But he does seem familiar?
I cannot be certain.
Spock, what is it? Do you know this Vulcan?
Perhaps I have, Captain. Perhaps I have.
What is it? You look like you've seen a ghost.
General Korrd's military strategies were required learning when I was a cadet at the Academy. When they put me out to pasture, I hope I fare better than Korrd.
The same. He's apparently fallen out of favor with the Klingon High Command.
Not General Korrd.
Yes.
I could use a shower.
Goodnight, Doctor.
Goodnight, Spock.
Goodnight, Bones.
Yes, Captain.
Go to sleep, Spock.
Life is not a dream.
Yes, Spock?
Jim.
Spock, we're on leave. You can call me Jim.
Captain?
I was trying to comprehend the meaning of the words.
Come on, Spock. Why didn't you jump in?
The lyrics are - are very simple. It's, er, "Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream. Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream.." The Doctor and I will start it off, and then when we give you the signal, you jump in.  Doctor, if you please.
That song did not come up in my research, Captain.
"Row, row, row your boat..." I love "Row..."  Do - do you know "Row, Row, Row, Row, Row Your Boat?"
Are we leaving, Captain?
"Pack Up Your Troubles."
That's great. I haven't sung around a campfire since I was a boy in Iowa. What are we going to sing? What... Bones, what are we going to sing?
Oh. I believe we are required to engage in a ritual known as the singalong.
I am preparing to toast a marsh melon.
What are you doing?
I've always known... I'll die alone.
I don't understand.
Oh, no. It isn't that. I knew I wouldn't die because the two of you were with me.
Perhaps "because it is there" is not sufficient reason for climbing a mountain.
Oh, God
Spock, I appreciate your concern, but if you don't stop distracting me, I'm liable to be one...
Concentration is vital. You must be one with the rock.
I believe Dr McCoy is not in the best of moods.
On the contrary. Gravity is foremost on my mind. Look, I'm trying to make an ascent here. Why don't you go pester Dr McCoy for a while?
I do not think you realize the gravity of your situation.
MM.?
Ah, Captain?
Because it's there.
And that is?
I'm not trying to break any records. I'm doing this because I enjoy it. Not to mention the most important reason for climbing a mountain...
I regret to inform you that the record for free-climbing El Captain is in no danger of being broken.
I'm flattered. Twelve hundred points of interest in Yosemite and you pick me.
Spock - What are you doing in this neck of the woods?
Spock...
Kirk to Enterprise. Listen carefully...
What have I done?
Because you, too, must know.
What makes you think I won't turn us around?
No conditions.
No special conditions?
The ship needs its Captain.
About the ship...
Am I? We'll see.
You are mad!
Given to me by God.  He waits for us on the other side.
Your vision?
But if we do, will that convince you that my vision was true?
Wait!  You know we'll never make it through the Great Barrier.
No. I refuse.
Now learn something about yourself.
No... I didn't.
I've done nothing. This is who they are. Didn't you know that?
Spock...  What have you done to my friends?
I don't control minds. I free them.
The only realty I see is that I'm a prisoner on my own ship. What is this power you have to control the minds of my crew?
Sha Ka Ree. "The Scource." "Heaven." "Eden." call it "Qui'Tu." To the Romulans, it's "Vorta Vor." The Andorian word is.. unpronounceable. Still, every culture shares he common dream of a place from which creation sprang. For us, that place will soon be a reality.
I'm afraid of nothing.
What you fear is the unknown. The people of your planet once believed their world was flat. Columbus proved it was round. They said the sound barrier could never be broken. It was broken. They said warp speed could not be achieved. The Great Barrier is the ultimate expression of this universal fear. It's an extension of personal fear.  Captain Kirk, I so much want your understanding. I want your respect. Are you afraid to hear me out?
You can't expect us to stand by while you take the ship into the Great Barrier.
I trust your message was received?
I'll take you to the bridge.
We must change our course at once.
In order to lower and raise the shields as quickly as possible, we're going to forego the tractor beam and fly her in manually.
What are you doing?
Sybok, listen to me. In order for this craft to enter the landing bay, Enterprise must lower the shields and activate the tractor beam. To get us inside and re-raise the shields will take-
No! No reply. Remain on course.
But I thought Captain Chekov..  I see. Very clever, Captain.  Spock, it would appear that you've been given a second chance to join me. What do you say?
James T. Kirk, Captain of the Enterprise.
Who are you?
You staged all this to get your hands on my ship?
I must have your starship.







  









Maybe you could wait until I'm a wee bit stronger I don't think I could take it in my present condition.  Or yours.
No, no, no. Scotty - Scotty... There's so much I want to tell you.
No. Sybok has simply put us in touch with feelings we've always been afraid to express.
He's not?
Scotty, dear, he' not a madman.
Uhura, I had the strangest dream. I dreamt that a madman had taken over the Enterprise.
Easy, easy,  easy, Scotty. Easy. You're back with us.
Starfleet, are you aware of our currant status?
They can't be serious. The ship's in pieces and we've less than a skeleton aboard.
I had a feeling you would say something like that. So I brought us dinner.
Oh, I cannot leave her now when she needs me the most.
And I thought we were supposed to be going together.
Uhura, I thought you were on leave.
I know you'll whip her into shape, Scotty. You always do.
"Let's see what she's got," said the Captain. And then we found out, didn't we?
Borgus Frat.
No. You must save yourselves. Forgive me, brother. Forgive me.
Sybok, we must find a way...
This is my doing. This is my arrogance... my vanity...
Sybok.
I don't understand..  Reveal yourself to me!
Sybok - this is not the God of Sha Ka Ree - or any other God!
Sybok, you are my brother, but you do not know me. I am not the outcast boy you left behind those many years ago. Since that time I have found myself and my place. I know who I am. And I cannot go with you.
I don't understand...
I belong here.
Why not?
I cannot go with you.
Spock?
Do you?
I know you better than that.
I hide no pain.
Each man's pain is unique.
You know I'm right.
No. I will not.
Put him in the brig with Captain Kirk.  Spock, you will accompany me to the bridge?
No. You must kill me.
Sybok, you must surrender.
Of course. Of course. Then I'll take the ship without your help.
I am a Starfleet Officer.
I'm sorry, Spock. I can't surrender now. I'm not through violating Neutral Zone Treaty. In fact, I'm just getting started. And now for my next violation I intend to steal something. Something very big.
It was not my intention to amuse you. These are serious charges. However, if you surrender now-
Spock, you've developed a sense of humor after all.
Nah...I decided...I've had enough of video games to last me a good long time. I feel like gettin' into some real life...
Shouldn't you wait till your lawsuit's settled?
Oh, that is beautiful. You've got the goods...
And Dillinger's instructions to divert them -- it's all there - look, even his home phone number, when he logged on.
Your old files -- ?
I know, I met him.
Flynn! I made it. I worked out some new codes for Tron, put 'em on a disk, and -- it's running.
Uh... got any cinnamon?
Want one?
I was wondering where you got that glow of good health.
My dinner.
Hi, Flynn.
Hi, Alan.
Boy, if we were inside, I know how to forge us a Group 6 access...
Not if my Tron program was running. That would seal the system off. If your file's in there...
Yeah. Tryin' to find the file and erase it. Once that's gone, ain't nothin' can stop him. Just Eddie and his Master Control Program, runnin' things from on high..
Dillinger?
Because somewhere... in one of those memories ... is the evidence. If I got in far enough, I could reconstruct it.
I still don't get why you're trying to break into the system.
Oh my. Meanwhile, kids are putting eight million quarters a week in Space Paranoids machines and I'm not seeing one dime.
Senior exec.
Yepper. And Vice Squad, and Meltdown... whole slew of 'em. I was this close  to starting my own little enterprise. But: enter Ed Dillinger. Another software engineer -- not so young, not so bright, but very, very sneaky. One night, our boy Flynn goes to his terminal, tries to read up his file, and ... nothing. A big blank. We now take you to three months later. Ed Dillinger presents ICOM with five video games he has "invented" -- the slime didn't even change the names -- and he gets a big fat promotion. Thus begins his meteoric rise to...what is he now, Executive V.P.?
You invented Space Paranoids?
Sherman, set the Wayback Machine for...oh, 1973. Kevin Flynn  is one of the brightest young software engineers at ICOM. He's so bright that he starts going in there at night, and sets up a private memory file, and begins writing a program for a video game he is inventing, called...  ...Space Paranoids.
You haven't told him?
I don't get it.
"Embezzling" is such an ugly word, Mister Bailey...  No, actually I'm trying to get a legal brief together.
Are you embezzling?
Tried to.  Can't quite make the connection with that sucker, though. If I had a direct terminal ...
You did break in.
I'm certainly not.
I don't think I'm cleared for this.
Uh, no ... I mean, not that often -
Flynn!
What -- ?
For being on to Dillinger.
For what?
That Dillinger's on to him.
Of what?
To warn him.
What for?
I mean I want both of us to go.
You call that getting over it?
I want to go to his place.
Okay, okay...
Oh, I wish you'd forget about that. It was all so long ago. I've totally gotten over it.
Flynn had access to you, too. I'm not interested in talking about him.
Flynn had Group 7 access.
Something about tampering. Some body's prob'ly trying to siphon the R&D budget into his checking account, I don't know. Why are you so interested?
Did he say why?
Yeah...pain in the neck, you know, I was all set
Did you say Group 7 access?
Frustrating. I had Tron almost ready to run, and Dillinger cut everybody with Group 7 access out of the system.
How's it going upstairs?
Yes, won't that be grand -- the computers will start thinking, and people will stop. Lora, I'm going to stay and run some data through. See you tomorrow.
They'll start to soon enough.
Well, you have to expect some static. Computers are just machines after all, they can't think...
Ever since he got that Master Control Program set up, system's got more bugs than a bait store.
Yes...but you have to go roundtrip, and you must purchase your program at least 30 days in advance. Hah!
Great. Can it send me to Hawaii?
Not disintegrating, Alan -- digitizing. While the laser is dismantling the molecular structure of the object, the computer maps out a holographic model of it. The molecules themselves are suspended in the laser beam. Then the computer reads the model back out, the molecules go back into place, and...  voila.
Boy, I sit up there grindin' away all day, and you guys are down here disintegrating things and having fun.
Hello, Alan.
Beautiful!
Ok
Ah. Sounds good. Well, we should have you running again in a couple of days, I hope.
No, it'll run independently. It can watchdog the MCP as well.
Mmm. Part of the Master Control Program?
It's called Tron. It's a security program itself, actually. Monitors all the contacts between our system and other systems... If it finds anything going on that's not scheduled, it shuts it down. I sent you a memo on it.
No, no, I'm sure, but -- you understand. It should only be a couple of days. What's the thing you're working on?
I hope you don't think it's me. I don't even balance my checkbook on downtime.  I've got a Honeywell at home for that.
We have to close that down, just briefly. Security reasons.  Someone with that access has been tampering.
Yeah...?
oh, you have Group 7 access, don't you?
Well, I don't know...I just tried to run this program I've been working on, and I was denied access all of a sudden. I thought maybe I'd been laid off and nobody told me.
Oh, yes. The algorithms on cloud seeding...great piece of work. How's it going?
Alan. Alan Bailey.
Come on in...
Let's get outta here.
Yes!
So... Nice ship you got here. What's our next move?
You said it.
Not a chance.
This town's full o' live ones.
No, nuh-uh, never in a million years!
This honey doesn't handle so good in town...
Yes, okay, exactement!
Way to go! We're haulin'!
Another mouth to feed... you don't by any chance know how to drive this crate?
Right on the money!
I'm your program?
No...
where's your program? Won't it miss you?
For sure...
only yes and no...  You're a bit.
Oui, da, yessiree, sure 'nuff, you betcha.
Oh. Anything else?
No, nyet, negatory, not on your tintype, no way.
That all you can say?
Yesssss. Yes. Yes. Yes.
What do you mean, "'yes"?
So do as I tell you. Keep that Tron program out of the system. And get me those Chinese language program I asked for.
You wouldn't dare.
You wouldn't want me to dig up Flynn's file and read it up on a VDT at the New York Times, would you?
If you think -
The same thing I want with the Kremlin. I'm bored with corporations. With the information I can access, I can run things 900 to 1200 times better than any human.
What do you want with the Pentagon?
I've gotten 2,415 times smarter since then.
Now, wait a minute -- I wrote you.
It shouldn't be any harder than General Motors was. But now...this is what I get for using humans.
The Pentagon?
And I was planning to hit the Pentagon next week...
It's my fault. I programmed you to want so much...
I can't afford to have an independent program monitoring me. Do you have any idea how many outside systems I've gone into? How many programs I've appropriated?
I'm sorry -
Ed, I am so very disappointed in you.
End of line.
Cute.
There's a 68.71 percent chance you're right.
I think we'd better shut off all access till we can find that file. Just to be safe.
I'm afraid so. I spotted him this time and kicked him out, but he's getting trickier all the time.
Meanwhile, he might find it.
I would if I could find it. it's stashed somewhere off in the system ... out of my range. Meanwhile...
He's still looking for that old file... can't you just appropriate it?
Yes.  It felt like Flynn.
Flynn?
It's our friend the boy detective. He's nosing around again.
No problem, Master-C. If you've seen one Consumer Electronics Show...  What's up?
Thank you, no. I have some work to do... assuming I can still log on.
I'm sorry, Walt. So much pressure lately... you feel like going for a drink?
That was uncalled-for.
It can be arranged...
Oh, I know all that. Sometimes I wish I was back in that garage...
Doing our business is what computers are for. Look, Walter, with all respect -- ICOM isn't the business you started in your garage anymore --
User requests are what computers are for.
The MCP is the most efficient way of handling what we do. I can't sit and worry about every little user request that --
That MCP, you know, that's half the problem right --
Walter, I sympathize, but I have data coming out of the Master Control Program saying there is something screwy --
Ed, all I'm saying is - if our own people can't get access to their programs ... you know how frustrating it is, when you're working on a piece of research -
They may be... de-rezzed... on the carrier ... hurry...
Dumont! Where's Yori? Where's Flynn?
No... Tron ... must... destroy MCP... first...
Dumont!
All that is visible must grow beyond itself and extend into the realm of the invisible.
Alan-One. He calls me... may I pass?
Who is your User, program?
When you've been in the system as long as I have, you hear many promises... many reassurances...many brave plans...
Really. You'd have programs lined up around the block to use this place -- and no MCP looking over your shoulder.
Hah.
Dumont... my User has information that could -- could make this a free system again.
Oh, you want to -- hah. I could get myself de-rezzed just-for letting you in here. They hate this tower. They'd close it down if they dared to but they keep me around, in case one of them wants to deal with the other world once in a while. And you should hear the way they commune! Sounds like they were routing a payroll, for all the heart they put in it. No, I don't think you
Well I want to communicate --
Hmm. A difficult proposition... difficult proposition at best.  Perhaps you've noticed... we're not exactly packing them in these days ...
I... have come to communicate with my User.
Yes?
Aah, I'm fine... little hung over is all...
How about you?
Hey... you guys OK?
Yes.
Did we make it?
Not with this disk. I'm going to check on the beam connection, Yori. You two can keep a watch out for grid bugs.
Not us, I hope.
Probably decided not to pursue us, The Sea of Simulation is tricky.. lot of illusions...rough navigating. Programs have a way of just... disappearing here.
What about our friend - Sark?
All right. Thank God. Alan stayed awake, at least.
We're on our way.  Alan-One gave me the coding we need to go up against Master
Stranger and stranger...
I hate to disappoint you, pal, most-the time, that's how it is for Users, too.
Well -- that's how it is for programs, yes, but --
Look, you guys know how it is. You just keep doin' what it looks like you're supposed to, even if it seems crazy, and you hope to hell your User knows what's goin' on.
Then...
You wish. Man, I haven't had a second to think since I got down here. I mean in here. Out here. Whatever.
But -- if you're a User -- then everything you've done has been part of a plan ...
It's time I levelled with you, Tron. I'm a -- well, I'm what you guys call a User.
Wrote the...?
No big deal. I ought to know my way around that Light Cycles routine... I mean, I did write the program for it.
I'm sorry, Tron... he's... he didn't make it.
Flynn...  Where's Ram?
Yeah, I... oops!
You're alive!
Greetings, program...
Flynn!!
No good...they might block off the old chip.  This way.
How about over there...that empty memory?
Tanks...coming back. Let's go.
What's that?
You know anybody that's got an army for rent, that's fine...but my, uh, User said to go take that sucker out. An' let's face it, the big ox isn't gonna get any weaker. I feel like hittin' him now, while I'm good an' mad. Some nerve... what does he care whether you guys get killed, long as he keeps rakin' in quarters?
What, just the three of us?
I, uh... I'm a program from a User that... knows Alan...?
The name of my User, yeah. But how... ?
Well, isn't it -- ?
Where did you hear that name?
Alan!
Shhhhh.
Flynn... you can't... I
Probably.
But... won't you be de-rezzed?
Jump.
Why? What are you going to do?
Yori, steer us over the beam, right next to it.
Let's get some power here.
Flynn, we've got to help him!
Almost... I just have to adjust our course at the next junction. I'd better go check the instruments ...
Elementary physics... a beam of energy can always be diverted... ooh, my head  Are we there yet, Mommy?
How did you do that, Flynn?
It's too far!
There's another beam!
Lousy utility companies ... they're the same wherever you go.
The MCP blasted it... There are very few domains left with any power at all.
What's wrong with that area?
A little ...  Over there, the Mountains of Data... and I think that's the Silicon Valley...
Boy the view from up here... you know the territory?
Guess I took a wrong turn somewhere...
A User -- in our world?
Little more juice's all it needs...
Hey... !
Come here.
Damn! Never fails... minute the warranty runs out...
Are you kidding? I think it's stealing us -
We're inside a Recognizer...  You are crazy -- stealing a Recognizer --
What's goin' on?
Alan-One...
Feel what? You okay?
It grows on you.
PARAMUS... wonder what those initials stand for ...  ...probably Program Assist Routine -- well, it sounds like a lovely place.
Well...my home "sector" was called Paramus ...
The tower, yes -- Flynn, have you remembered anything else about yourself -- like what sector you're from?
It's all circuits...  Must be an input/output component...
Recognizers!
Watch it!
Yeah, but I'm remembering all kinds of stuff. Like...my User wants me to go after the MCP
He was disoriented in transport, Tron.
Tron...?
Flynn! Look, Tron, he survived!
Sure, a little disorientation. That's normal, when they transport you. It'll come back to you. You're doing real well in training. Remarkable, really...
Oh, uh...I don't remember too much...
How 'bout yourself?
Yeah, yeah -- that's great.
Oh, I was an actuarial program... worked at a big insurance company. It really gives you a great feeling, helping folks plan for their future needs -- and of course, if you look at the payments as an annuity, over the years, the cost is really
Hey, Ram ... what were you ... you know, before?
Well, great, that's no sweat -- I play video games better than anybody.
You're a..."guest" of the Master Control Program. They're going to make you play video games.
Look...just so I can tell my friends what this dream was about, okay? Where am I?
You'll be having plenty of chances to get hurt, don't worry about that.
You're getting out of the business?
Hey, you know anybody who wants to get hold of some video games... cheap?
Are you kidding? You guys'll he running this joint by then...
Well, just don't forget your old friends when you're rich and famous.
you have any idea how much I can sue these jokers for?
As long as we stay off the top floor, Dillinger'll never know we've been in here...
Swell...I'll log us both on, and you can get your Tron thing running...
Okay ... Flynn, I'm gonna put you at my terminal, down in the laser lab. We'll be up in Alan's office.
Not much chance of that now. The MCP can just slip it into another system as soon as it locates it...
Don't even say that. You've got to find that file before he does..
Boy, I bet I know who's workin' late tonight.
I'm afraid it's a little late for that. Dillinger's shut off Group 7 access. He must know what you're up to.
Touche, honey. Yeah, I've been doing a little hacking here. Which I've got every reason, as you well know...
You can see why all his friends are fourteen years old.
Whew. You never were much for small talk.  She still leave her clothes all over the floor?
Have you been sneaking into the ICOM system?
So...how's the world of serious science?
Good luck. You can't even think in here.
We have to talk.
Hey! Good to see you guys! Nothing classes up the place like a cleancut young couple.
I don't have time, Sark. And neither do you. End of line.
We'll get them, sir... These things take time.
Yes, and now you've got two renegade programs running all the hell over the system in a stolen simulation.
Now, sir... We did take care of that User you sent us --
I hope you've enjoyed being a command program, Sark. I wonder how you'll like working in a pocket calculator... maybe one of those watches that plays "Happy Birthday" to its User once a year.
End of line.
Yes...acknowledge, Master Control...
Then pull yourself together. Get this clown trained. I want him in the Games until he dies playing.
Wait...I need that...
You rather take your chances with me? Want me to slow down your power cycles for you?
But-what if I can't...?
Now get this straight, pal -- no one User wrote me. I'm worth a couple million of their man-years! I'm bigger than all those little wimps put together!  Humans they can't even keen their social order in one piece
Well, I -- it's just -- I don't know, a User, I mean... Users wrote us. A User even wrote you...
That's right. He pushed me...in the other world. Somebody pushes me, I push back. So I brought him down here ... What's the matter, Sark? You look nervous.
A User?
He's not any kind of program, Sark. He's a User.
You've got it. I've been hopin' you'd send me somebody with a little moxie ... what kind of program is he?
I've got a little challenge for you, Sark -- a new recruit. He's a tough case, but I want him treated in the usual manner. Train him for the games... let him hope for a while... and blow him away.
Yes, MCP.
Strategic Air Command.
Sure, I'd love to go up against some of these guys ... be a nice break from these accounting creampuffs you keep sending me. Which branch of the service?
We might be capturing some military programs soon... that interest you?
Thank. you, Master Control.
I have to find out what Alan wants... that comes first.
Do you know what he's talking about?
We have to.
You think we can make it there?
Do it!
What do you think?
They'd better be...I don't want to bust outta this dump an' find nothin' but a lot of cold circuits waitin' for me.
The Users...you really think they're still there?
Another free program off line.  What's his User s'posed to do -- ?
New guy...
Where's Flynn?
It's something Users do.
Nice...
I can't. There's no junction due for at least 7 or 8 nanoseconds!
We have to get off this beam!
Power surge... the transmission beam's too strong!
What is it?
Then I owe you some thanks...
This is Flynn... the one who busted me out.
As long as it gets us out of here
Yes...it can take us across the Sea of Simulation... all the way out of the Game Grid...to the MCP.
I had to...in the games...
You've grown, big program.
It's a flat. But wait a micro...
Why is everything...like this?
My quarters.
Don't know yet... I have to get in touch with Alan. He was going to tell me how to
How?
That's all going to change, Yori...
I can't believe how bad it's gotten around here since the MCP started taking over... all the good functions have shut down... everybody looks so dead... I'm afraid to even go out during down-time...
Oh, Tron... I knew you'd escape... they've never built circuit that could hold you...
Yori... hey...
Will you shutup.  I should never have told you about him.
Just an hour?  You should tell this stud to take more time.
Can you cover me for an hour?
Simon?  Ohmygod.
Helen!  It's your mystery man.
Then you better do something to				* jumpstart that man's motor.  You know... wake up the sleeping giant of his passion.
Harry only has two moods: busy...				* and asleep.
Girlfriend, you got a man.  You				* just have to take control .  . .  set up the right mood.						*
You bitch.
Yeah.  You know Harry.
I'm shocked.
Are you kidding?  Harry had to go out of town.
So I guess you didn't get away					* for the weekend after all?					*
I mean, it's not like he's saving the world or anything.  He's a sales rep for Chrissakes. Whenever I can't get to sleep I ask him to tell me about his day. Six seconds and I'm out.  But he acts like he's curing cancer or something.
I have a book report.
Where are you off to young lady?
I'm done.
Out.
Where are you going?
Dinner's in the warmer.  Tell your father I may be late.
It is true!  He doesn't know anything about me.  He still thinks I'm like ten years old or something.  As long as I just smile and say yes to whatever he says, like his good little fantasy daughter, he thinks everything's fine.  But it's not fine.  Nothing's fine.
That's not true, honey--
Mom, wake up!  Dad barely knows we exist.
No you're not.  You're going to stay here until your father gets home and have cake!
Out.  If Dad doesn't care enough about us to be here on his birthday, then why should I care? I'm going to a movie.
Where are you going?
Dad.  You just think you know everything, don't you?
I seem to remember something about a history project that's due tomorrow.
Unbelievable!  Trent told me he wrote it.  He's history.
Honey that song came out in 1968, when I was exactly your age.
Dad, how come you know the words?
Why?  So I can wind up like you? What's the point?
You're going to stay in school. Do you understand?
Yeah, right.
There are going to be some changes Dana.  You're going to start following some rules.  And I'm going to be there to see that you do.
Fine.
How was school today?
I'm not a pumpkin!  Okay?!!  Do I look even remotely like a pumpkin?! I'm not a muffin, or a cupcake or a honeybear either! And you don't understand anything Dad...
You'd tell me if there was something wrong, wouldn't you, pumpkin?
Okay, Dad.
You know you can always talk to me.  Right?  Whatever is going on in your life, your mom and I'll understand.
Yeah, Dad.
Dana, are you listening to me?
I'm not sure what to believe anymore, young lady.  You never used to lie to me.  But lately you don't seem to know the difference between right and wrong.
Great!  You're going to believe that fat dweeb Mr. Hardy over your own daughter.
You seem fine now.
He lies!  I was there!  I was in the nurse's office, cause I had a headache.
Dana, Mr. Hardy called.  Why weren't you in class today?
Roger, One.  Rolling.
Immediate roll.  Acquire subject at K Street and Key Bridge.					* Vehicle is red-and-white						* convertible.  You have six minutes.
Okay.  Let's step up the surveillance on her.  Put on two more guys.
And the second you left there, we started getting calls to the					* ghost numbers.  They were checking out the Renquist front.
She lives in Rome, but she does stuff here the Smithsonian and has a lot of diplomatic connections, so she has offices				* here.										*
You're kidding.
Uh huh.  Right here in river city.
Alright, I want a complete workup on her.  Do we know where she is?
And this is a little above market-				* rate for the horizontal bop, even				* for a total biscuit like her.
This is impressive, gentlemen. Of course, it would have been even more impressive if you actually knew where he was.
Probably because it sounds scary.				*
Why?
They call him "The Sand Spider".				*
Sorry, sir.  Uh... here's what we got.
So what makes you think that the slack I cut him in any way translates to you?!
Yes.
Faisil.  You're new on Harry's team, aren't you?
Sorry.
He's got it.
If I break it they can take it out of my pay.
I'd like to remind you that it has been ten years since you were actually in one of these.
It's show time.  Don't look at					* the flash.  Do not look at the flash.
Any minute now.
Here they come.
... well get the Highway Patrol to go through the streets and tell everybody on their damn loudspeakers.  Just the basics... get away from windows, don't look at it... yeah--
Get 'em.  I'll brief them on the way in.
I can get 3 Marine Corps Harriers here in about 12 minutes. They're on maneuvers out of Boca Chica.
... the Coast Guard has to clear them back to a twenty mile radius.  Anybody that can't make the minimum safe distance we need an airlift on, immediately--
--you tell the son of bitch this is  Bright Boy Alert.  Repeat, a Bright Boy Alert.  And I need a patch of the White House ASAP. That's right--
You're welcome.
Let's go.  I'll brief you in the air.
I thought this look like your work.
Why not?  You think I can afford a suite like that on my salary? Is Jean-Claude done yet?						*
You've reached a new low with this one.  I can't believe you're crazy enough to use the room at the Marquis.
In her Walkman.  It's the one thing I knew she'd be taking.
We're dead, right?  So... where'd you put the transmitter?
I'm giving her an assignment.  I am offerring you a choice.  If you work for us we will drop the charges and you can go back to your normal life.  If not, you will go to federal prison, and your husband and daughter will be left humiliated and alone.  Your like will be destroyed.
Oh shit.  Harry... what're you doing?
There is only one solution to your problem, Mrs. Tasker.  You must work for us.
Now what?
Wait!  Calm down, Mrs. Tasker. There is only one more question.
She could be telling the truth.
You didn't have sexual relations with him?
She's lying.
You know about that?
What about that time you trashed a six-week operation because you were busy getting a blow-job?
Whatya talking?  I'm clean as a preacher's sheets, babe.  Clean as a --
You tell on me, I tell on you.
Goddamnit, Harry.  This is our butts.  So your life is in the toilet.  So your wife is banging a used car salesman.  Sure it's humiliating.  But be a man here--
The purse is still at the house.
She's still at my house.						*
GIVE ME THE GODDAMN PAGE!!
Aw, it's gotta be a typo--
It skips from page nine to eleven.  Where's page ten?
What are you talking about?
Give me the page.
He could be working her to get to you.
Yeah, but for who?							*
Guy's a spook!
Sure, Harry.  I'm on it.
Yeah, and we do it twenty times a day.  Don't give me that crap. Just put on the taps.  Now.
Helen's phone.  Her office line and the line at my house.
What're you talking about?  We have that.
Put a tap on her phone.
Is this national security stuff boring you?
Relax.  Helen still loves you. She just wants this guy to bang her.  It's nothing serious. You'll get used to it after a --
I still don't believe it.
Same thing happened to me with wife two.  I had no idea until I came home and the house was empty.  I mean empty.  She even took the ice-cube trays from the fridge.  What kind of person would think of that?
It can't be.
Nobody believes it can happen to them.
It can't be.  Not Helen.
Congratulations.  Welcome to the club.
She's having an affair.
Something to do with Helen, is what I'm getting.
He-- Helen.  Helen-- it's Helen. It's Helen, Gib.
I'll just hang then, shall I?
Just hang a minute.
You want me to just hang-- ?
Look, uh... I've got to talk to Helen about this thing with Dana. I'm just going to run in and see if she can get away for lunch.
Hardcore, highly fanatical, ultra-				* fundamentalist.  Linked to					* numerous car-bombings, that cafe				* bomb in Rome, and the 727 out of Lisbon last year.  Major player.				*
Abu Kaleem Malik.
Can we go to the office now, Mr. Superspy?
Son of a bitch!
Ha!  The little prick ditched you!  That is so goddamn funny.
That's it.  Get 'im Harry  We'll teach that little puke not to signal.
So, you wanna play huh?  You little--
Goddammit!  That's outrageous.
Look at the way the little punk is driving.  He's all over the place.  Look-- he hasn't signalled once.
Okay.  Here she comes.
Hey, did that guy Harry chased last night call in to give himself up yet?  Cause apparently that's the only way we're going to catch the son of a bitch --
And make it fast.  My horse is getting tired.
Copy that.
Stay on him.
There's another guy, still in the car.
Gonna try to get a closer shot of				* Beavis & Butthead.							*
What's the plan?
See, that's the problem with terrorists.  They're really inconsiderate when it comes to people's schedules.
Helen's going to be pissed.
Uh huh.  Want me to lose them?
Station wagon?
Yeah, right.
What?  It's on the way.  She says she's got something for me.
She could be moving money, guns. Anything.
She's importing stuff from all over the mid-east.
Hi, I'm Harry Renquist.  I own a--
It's all set up...  ghost phones and fax, all the usual stuff. You have a suite at the Marquis Hotel under Renquist.  Okay, reality check.  Go.
Nope.  The art buys are in a separate ledger.
It doesn't mean anything.  She buys antiquities for Khaled.
In her dreams.
You better watch it.  She might file on you for sexual harassment.
Albert Gibson.  Three four nine nine one.
Harry Tasker.  One zero zero two four.
Well .  .  .  I moved back in. My lawyer said it would give me a better claim on the house in the property settlement.  Don't change the subject... you owe me two hundred bucks.
I thought you moved out.
Twenty here, fifty there... I figured my wife's boyfriend was taking it.
Will you just open the door!					*
Okay.  Okay.  De-nail ain't just a river in Egypt.  She's probably stealing the money to pay for an abortion.
No way.  Not Dana.
Uh huh.  And her little hormones are going like a fire alarm.  I				* say even money that physicist on				* the bike is boinkin' her.						*
Right.  She's only fourteen.
Fourteen, Harry.
Don't be ridiculous.  She's only -- how old is she?
See, kids now are ten years ahead				* of where we were at the same age. You probably think she's still a virgin--
Yeah, but you're not her parents, anymore, you and Helen.  Her parents are Axl Rose and Madonna. The five minutes you spend a day with her can't compete with that kind of constant bombardment. You're outgunned, amigo.
She knows not to steal.  I've taught her better than that.
Kids.  Ten seconds of joy. Thirty years of misery.
What?
Son of a bitch!
Here, check these out.
Thanks dear.
Yep.  Sleep fast.
What a team.  See you at eight.
Got it.  Nice touch.  Okay, pick me up at eight.  The de-brief is at ten hundred.
For Dana, schmuck.  Bring your kid something.  You know.  The dad thing.
What's this for?
What?
Harry?  HARRY?!
In the helicopter.
Harry!  Where are you!
It's Talkradio.  You're on the air.
Switching to sub-vocal.  Gib, you copy?
You're not going anywhere.
Look, if you ask me everything twice, this is going to take a really long time.  And I have to get home to my family.
But he's not exactly ringing your bell lately, right?  I mean--
My husband is a good man.
I wasn't cheating!
So, it was your first time.
No!  Never!
Is this a common thing for you? Cheating?
I don't know.  I guess... I wanted to see what would happen.
But you didn't.  Why not?
I should have gone to the police, I suppose.
Yes, sir.
God!  You have no idea how much that turns me on.  I've never had the courage to say this before but... I love you, Janice.
Yes sir.
And you still reach for your piece every time.
Ten, Mr. Gibson.
Janice, how many years have you been buzzing us in?
Sure.  Say that now.
There is no us, you psychotic bitch.
Did you tell her about us, Harry?
You're damaged goods, lady.
You think I care about their					* cause?  Or yours?  Not at all.					* See, America is on top now .  .				* .  but so was Rome, once.  All					* civilizations crumble.  One nation succeeding over another. What does it mean in the long run?  The only important thing is to live well.  And...  living					* well takes money.							*
Not exactly.
Oral hygiene?
This is Samir.  See if you can guess his specialty.
Juno.  I wish I could say it's a pleasure to see you again.
Hello, Harry.
Uh, yes, it is important.
Yes what?
Yes.
And you have a reputation as someone who gets what she wants.
I've always been a collector at heart.  When I see something I want, I have to have it.
Is that why you got into this business?
Especially in this light.  This is the only light they had then,				* so I like to study it this way. I love this place.  I love all ruins.
It's certainly... dramatic.
Do you like my tomb?  The museum				* financing fell out, so I thought				* your clients might be interested.
Those wimps.  It's because I use				* my diplomatic contacts to export cultural treasures from countries which tell them to take a hike.  I told you to move those crates an hour ago.  Come on guys, let's get going.
Let's see... that you can read ancient Sanskrit without having to sound out the words.  And that other dealers and archeologists don't like you much.
That's right.  They want something...  dramatic.  I spoke to a number of people who said you're the one to see.
So your clients want something for the lobby of their new corporate headquarters?
I agree.
Well, what's the point of waiting?
I'd like that.
Call me, if you'd like to see some of my other pieces.
I adore it.
Very good.  It's sixth century B.C.  Do you like the period?
This is Persian, if I'm not mistaken.
Dance?
Not yet.  But we'll find him.
I told the guy---  I told the guy, this isn't even my order.
... you should have seen your father, standing there all covered with spaghetti sauce.  He looked like such a dope.
Wait here.  If you have to use this, use it.  Don't choke. Okay?
Oh shit.
Go down there and kill everybody, I guess.
What are you going to do?
We must be in the Florida Keys .				* .  .  the Overseas Highway					* connects the islands to the mainland.
If we're on an island, why are they using trucks?
No.  Much more.
As much as you used to?
Yes.
Do you still love me?
What?
Tell me something before this stuff wears off and you start lying again.
Harry... snap out of it!
God, you have great legs.
What is it?
Looks that way.
Are you a total lying, scumsucking pig Harry?
No.  But I wanted to.
Did you pork her Harry?
She's really a fox, isn't she?
What about Juno?
I don't take those assignments.
My God.  Have you had to...  have sex with other women in the line of duty?
17 years.
Yup.										*
Are we going to die?
Ask me a question I would normally lie to.
Is it working yet?
Yes.
It makes you tell the truth?
Sodium amytal, maybe some other truth agent.
What did he give you?
Don't call me honey!  You don't ever get to call me honey again. You understand?!  You pig!
I'm sorry, honey.
Oh yeah?  Oh yeah?  Then where did I get this?
I don't know what this crazy bitch is on.  You should just cut her loose, so we can get down to business.
Harry, what's the matter with you?  Tell them the truth.  We're married, we have a daughter--
You wouldn't believe me.
What were you doing there?
Harry, be quiet.  Let me handle this.
Let the hooker go.  She's not important.
He's got nothing to do with this. It's me you want, right?
I'm not wearing any.
Now slide the nylons off one by one.
Sure, hon.
Allison is sick in bed.  I have to go over there, honey.
What?  Oh, the flat tire?  Yeah, I thought the damn towtruck was never going to get there.
So last night was pretty exciting, huh?
No.  Doris.
Natasha?
The code name of your contact will be Boris.  Your code name will be--
I can do it!
Think carefully.  You will be lying to the man you love.  The person who trusts you the most.
I think so.
No one must know!  Especially him.  You must appear to live your life normally, conveying nothing.  The security of this nation depends on it.  Can you do that?
My husband can't know about this.
You will be contacted with the assignment.
What do you think?  Of course yes!  What's involved?
Yes or no.
Oh, gee thanks.  Mmmm, let me see--
I love him.  I have always loved him and I will always love him.  Can I go home, please?
Louder please.
Yes.
Do you still love your husband?
What?
Answer the question--
Let me out of her!  Right now!
No.
This Simon.  Did you sleep with him?
I needed to feel alive.  I wanted to do something...  outrageous. And... I don't know... it felt good to be needed.  To be trusted.  To be special.
What did you need?
I don't know.  I guess I needed something...
Why?
Yes.
And you agreed?
He wanted me to go with him on a mission, to pose as him wife.
Let me handle this part.  Do you mind?  Why did you go to Carlos' hideout?
You're in a lot of trouble, Mrs. Tasker, so I suggest you cooperate.  If we want to know the most intimate details of your life, you'd better tell us.
That's none of your goddamn business!  What kind of questions are these?
Yeah.  I suppose he is.
Would you say he was boring, then?
Harry?  What can I say about Harry?  He's a sales rep for a computer company.
Tell me about your husband, Mrs Tasker.
Well, maybe a little.
You weren't attracted to him at all?
No.
Not because you were attracted to him?
He needed my help.
Why did you continue to see him?
Three days later, he called me. He told me to meet him at Overlook Park.
What did happen?
I don't know anything about a faction.  I just met Simon...  or whatever his name is...  a couple of weeks ago.  I barely know him.
How long have you been a member of his faction?
I can't, honey.  I promised Allison I'd go shopping with her. Sorry.
I thought we might have lunch tomorrow.
Oh, sure.  Fine.  I'll get some more gravy.
So, a little excitement in an otherwise dull day.  Did is work out okay?
Yeah.  It was a rush thing.  They needed some documents down at the court house.  I barely made it.
They said you had to run out.
They must've just missed me.
I was in the area, and I thought you might like to have lunch.
My husband the hero.
Uh huh.
It sounds wild.  So now you're a big hero, right?  For fixing their system.
...and I'm troubleshooting it with them over the phone... talking to a translator, right, who's getting half of it wrong... it was unbelievable...  really wild.
Well I pull out the manual on their setup, which is the new 680 server...
What'd you do, honey?
It's the big client in Japan, and it's the middle of the morning there and their whole system is crashed... this guy's having a meltdown--
I couldn't believe it.  I go back to get this report I need, right, and the phone is ringing, so like a bonehead I answer it--
I'll just be a second.  So what happened tonight at the office?
Come on to bed, you don't have to brush your teeth.
Yeah.  It was great.
I'm sorry.  Thank you for the party.
It's okay, don't bother, Harry.
Look, I know you're upset.  I'm really sorry, honey.  I raced home as quick--
Baby, I said I'd be there. Really.  Trust me.  Gotta go, honey.  Bye bye.
Sorry to bother you in a meeting, but you have to promise me that				* you'll be home at eight.  I don't				* want Dana and I sitting here by ourselves like we were last year. You promise?
Hi honey.  What's going on?					*
I'll handle it.
I need you to talk to Dana.  The vice principle called and she cut class again this afternoon.
Good thinking, honey.
I slept with him and he knocked off a hundred bucks.
What did you tell him?
It's not okay.  It's extortion.
Uh huh.  Okay.
Yeah, it was wild.
That's fabulous Harry.
Yeah.  You should have seen it. We were the hit of the show with the new model ordering system, the one for the 680... how you can write up an order and the second the customer's name goes into the computer, it starts checking their credit, and if they've ordered anything in the past, and if they get a discount...
How'd it go at the trade show? You make all the other salesmen jealous?
Me too.
I'm late.
Okay.
Fine, honey.  Stay asleep.
Hi, honey.  How was the flight?
No.  Soon as I turn you'll shoot me.
Beat it.
Wait!  You got the wrong guy.  My name's Simon.  Look, just let me go.  There's no need to kill me. I haven't seen your--
You son of a bitch.  Did you really think you could elude us forever, Carlos?
Yeeaoowww!!
Let me think about it.  Hold it a day for me?
See.  You and this car were meant for each other.  Why fight it? Sure, I have a couple other buyers lined up, but I like your style.  Whattya say?  Should we start on the paperwork?
Hey, slow down you're gonna miss the turn!
Sooooo... she's pretty good in bed, then?
Red hot.  Her thighs steam.
But with you, she gets to be hot, right?
Some kinda legal secretary of something.  Married to some boring jerk.
What does she do?
I always have a couple on the hook.  You know.  There's one right now, I've got her panting like a dog.  It's great.
You working on someone right now?
Those idiots.
Dickless.  If they took care of				* business, I'd be out of business, know what I mean?
What about the husbands?
Exactly.  The trick is, you gotta pick your target.  They have to be nice little housewife types. School-teachers.  But, I'm telling you, you get their pilot lit, these babes, they can suck- start a leaf-blower.
Use 'em and lose 'em.
Doesn't matter.  I like change. You know, constant turnover.  As soon as I close the deal, it's one of two more times, then adios.
Isn't that hard to keep up, in the long run?
Well, think of it as playing a role.  It's fantasy.  You have to work on their dreams.  Get them out of their daily suburban grind for a few hours.
So you're basically lying your ass off the whole time?  I couldn't do it.
Okay, just ask yourself.  What do women really want?  You take these bored housewives, married to the same guy for years.  Stuck in a rut.  They need some release.  The promise of adventure.  A hint of danger.  I create that for them.
Sure.  Set me up and then don't tell me.
Sorry.  Trade secret.
So what's your angle?
It's killer.  Look at me-- I'm not that much to look at.  No really.  I can be honest.  But I got 'em lining up, and not just skanks, either.  Some are.
And you've got one.
Let's face it, Harry, the Vette gets 'em wet.  But it's not enough.  If you want to really close escrow, you gotta have an angle.
Absolutely.
What're we talking about here? Pussy, right?
Go ahead.
Boris and Doris?
Uh... well, okay then.  You sound terrible.  I'll run out right now.  Just call the prescription in to the pharmacy.  Sure, no problem.  Bye.
Get going! 
What?
He said he was an American agent.
Of course.  Mrs. Tasker.  And what were you going with the international terrorist, Carlos the Jackal?  Taking dictation?
Kettleman, Barnes and McGrath. I'm a legal secretary.
I said SIT DOWN.  Who do you work for?
Fuck you.
Like one?
Hold that thought.
Something you obviously have a hard time doing!
Now just keep your knees together, and you'll be fine.
Samir is just going to ask Harry a few questions.  See, we're not even sure which agency Harry works for.  Now, Samir is absolutely first class, but on the other hand we have Harry, here, who has managed to lie convincingly to the woman he loves for 15 years.  So it will be interesting to see how long he can resist.
What's going on, Harry?
No, you don't understand, we've been married for 15 years--
No, my dear, he is a federal agent.  He killed two of my colleagues the other night.
Look, Harry's not part of this. He's just a sales rep.
So now it's Tasker?  Not Renquist?
I'm Helen Tasker.  Harry's my husband.  And you are?
Who's your little friend?
I just glances inside.
You can call me Simon.  You're very brave to do this...  You opened it.
Helen.
Thank you.  You saved my life. What's your name?
Relax.  There, that's better. Let yourself slip into the role.
It's just that... it's been sixteen years since anyone but Harry did that, I--
You see what I mean?  That reaction would give us away in a second.  Try to relax.
Here.  Sit down.  Be comfortable.
I don't know.  I have to think...
Helen, there's a double agent in my outfit... I don't know who. There's no one I can trust. Except you.  Can you get away? Just for two days.
We're going to Paris?
Just for the operation in Paris. I need to be married.  They'll be looking for a man traveling alone.
I'm married!
Helen, I want you to be my wife.
What is it you need me to do?
To our assignment.
It's serious.  That's all I can				* say.  Just meet on K Street under				* the Key Bridge.  At eight sharp.				*
What's happened?
Yes.  Now go.
You'll call me then?
Not here.  I'll call you and we'll rendezvous again.  We have to leave separately, so we aren't seen together.  For your safety.
What is it you want me to do?
Something came over me, I just had nail him, no matter what the				* risk.  It was pretty hairy.  I thought he had me, a couple of					* times.  But I really can't take credit .  .  .
And you chased one?
Three of them.  Hardly worth					* talking about.  Two won't bother				* me again.
Were they trying to kill you?					*
It's strange.  I knew I was in a woman's thoughts when I was shooting it out with those assassins.
Right, of course.  I was worried when I didn't hear from you that night.
I know.  But it would compromise your safety too much to know certain things.
You can trust me completely.
I'm sorry, I can't.
Tell me what happened?
You recognized my style.  See, you're very good.  You're a natural at this.
That was you?!
Sometimes a story is a mask for a covert operation.  See-- two men killed in a restroom, and two unidentified men in a running					* shootout, ending at the						* Marriot...
Yes.
Did you read the papers yesterday?
Cairo was a day at the beach next				* to this.
Worse than Cairo?							*
Ssshhh!  We say Op.  Covert					* operation.  And this one got a little rough.
Where were you?  On a... uh,					* mission?
It's my job to risk my life, but not yours.  I feel bad about bringing you into this, but you're the only one I can trust.
I understand.
Okay.  It's just, things are a bit hot for me right now.  If I get a signal...  I may have to leave suddenly.
I kept looking back, like you taught me.  I didn't see anyone.
Are you sure you weren't followed?
The same place.  One o'clock.  I have to go now.  See you tomorrow.  Remember, I need you.
Yes.  I suppose so.  Where?
Yes.  Go ahead.
Helen?  It's Simon.  Is it safe to talk?
Hello?
His wife?  Good.  Bring them.
His wife.
Who is this woman?
Use the gifts that Allah has given you.
How?
Find out who this Renquist it.
What do you want me to do?
No.  He checked out okay--
Do you realize that there are surveillance teams watching this place right now?  Your phones are almost certainly tapped.  And you are busy laughing and flirting like a whore with this Renquist, who may be a--
It's a good thing you pay me well.
Yeah. I got elbowed right in the eye. And if that wasn't enough, I got hurled the ball when I'm not looking. Wam! Right in my face.
You got that playing basketball?
This is great, we got cable.
Holy Mary, Mother of God.
You can't have just one.
That was so good I am gonna have another.
Knock wood.
You're gonna be on "T.J. Hooker"?
He wants to speak with you.
Let me speak to Clarence.
Nope.
Not yet.
Yes.
Yeah, my room-mate leaves it on the TV.
Gotten your mail yet?
What letter?
What letter?
Did you get the letter?
Wait a minute -
He said don't go nowhere. We'll be there some time tomorrow.
I can't wait to meet you. Clarence told me all about you. He said you were his best friend. So, I guess that makes you my best friend, too.
Hello, Alabama.
Hi, Dick. I'm Alabama Worley.
That rhymes.
It's been fun thinking about the money but I can walk away from it, honey.
It is what I want. But I don't want to spend the next ten years in jail. I don't want you guys to go to jail. We don't know what could be waiting for us up there. It'll probably be just what it's supposed to be. The only thing that's waiting for us is two hundred thousand dollars. I'm just looking at the downside.
I thought it was what you wanted, Clarence.
But in my movie, baby, you get the top billing.
It's got a nice ring to it. It sounds like a movie. "Clarence and Alabama Go to Cancoon". Don't 'cha think?
Why Cancoon?
Cancoon.
I been in America all my life. I'm due for a change. I wanna see what TV in other countries is like. Besides, it's more dramatic. Where should we fly off to, my little turtledove?
You ain't kiddin', we got lives to start over, we should go somewhere where we can really start from scatch.
But knowin' me and you gonna be nigger-rich gives me a whole new outlook. I love airports now. Me 'n' you can get on any one of those planes out there, and go anywhere we ant.
Leavin' Detroit. Goin' off on vacations, startin' new lives, business trips. Fun, fun, fun, fun.
What?
I used to live by one back in Dearborn. It's real frustratin' to be surrounded by airplanes when you ain't got shit. I hated where I was, but I couldn't do anythin' about it. I didn't have enough money. It was tough enough just tryin' to pay my rent every month, an' here I was livin' next to an airport. Whenever I went outside, I saw fuckin' planes take off drownin' out my show. All day long I'm seein', hearin' people doin' what I wanted to do most, but couldn't.
How come?
With a vengeance, I hated them.
Really?
Ya know, I used to fuckin' hate airports.
I'm gonna hop in the tub and get all wet, and slippery, and soapy. Then I'm gonna lie in the waterbed, not even both to dry off, and watch X-rated movies till you get your ass back to my lovin' arms.
You were chillin', kind of creepy even. You totally fucked with his head. I'm gonna go grab dinner.
I felt so stupid just blowing those bubbles.
Babalouey, you were perfect, I could hardly keep from busting up.
You did it, Quickdraw. I'm so proud of you. You were like a ninja. Did I do my part OK?
Nope. I'm not really a wine gal.
Do you want some wine, sweetheart?
... was so romantic.
What?
I think what you did...
What?
I think what you did was...
No joke. This is probably the best hamburger I've ever had. I'm serious, I've never had a hamburger taste this good.
Is this a joke?
Yeah. But to be honest, I put myself in that position. When I drove up there I said to myself, "If I can kill 'em and get away with it, I'll do it." I could. So I did.
Was it him or you?
You don't know me. Not when it comes to shit like this. I have to do this. I need for you to know you can count on me to protect you. Now write down the address.
You don't know him -
Look, sweetheart, he scares you. But I'm not scared of that motherfucker. He can't touch you now. You're completely out of his reach. He poses absolutely no threat to us. So, if he doesn't matter, which he doesn't, it would be stupid to lose your things, now wouldn't it?
No, Clarence. Just forget it, babe. I just wanna disappear from there.
So I can go over there and pick up your things.
Why?
Write down Drexl's address.
What?
Sweetheart, write down your former address.
I just gotta get somethin'.
Where you goin', honey?
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes...
No no no no no no no no no...
Of course. Are there others, Mr. Worley?
Oh, you're speaking of my charming wife Mrs. Alabama Worley.
Bottom of the ninth . Mr. Worley. Oh, by the by, Mr. Worley, have you seen your lovely wife today?
Top o' the morning, Mrs. Worley.
How do you do, Mr. Worley?
Hello, Mrs. Worley.
Thank you.
I do.
Well, that's the one that explains how Jimmy Wang Yu became the Incredible One-Armed Boxer.
I don't believe so.
Did ya ever see "The Chinese Professionals"?
You better not be fuckin' teasin' me.
You better not be fucking teasing me.
You will?
Yes.
Will you be my wife?
What?
Thank you. I wanna see you again too. And again, and again, and again. Bama, I know we haven't known each other long, but my parents went together all throughout high school, and they still got a divorce. So, fuck it, you wanna marry me?
At the bus station. He said I'd be a perfect call girl. And that he knew an agency in California that, on his recommendation, would handle me. They have a very exclusive clientele: movie stars, big businessmen, total white-collar. And all the girls in the agency get a grand a night. At least five hundred. They drive Porsches, live in condos, have stockbrokers, carry beepers, you know, like Nancy Allen in "Dressed to Kill". And when I was ready he'd call 'em, give me a plane ticket, and send me on my way. He says he makes a nice finder's fee for finding them hot prospects. But no one's gonna pay a grand a night for a girl who doesn't know whether to shit or wind her watch. So what I'm doin' for Drexl now is just sorta learnin' the ropes. It seemed like a lotta fun, but I don't really like it much, till last night. You were only my third trick, but you didn't feel like a trick. Since it was a secret, I just pretended I was on a date. An, um, I guess I want a second date.
Goddamn it, Alabama, you gotta get the fuck outta there! How much longer before he's slappin' you around? Punchin' you in the stomach? How the fuck did you get hooked up with a douche-bag like this in the first place?
This motherfucker sounds charming!
Slapped her around a little. Punched her in the stomch. It was pretty scary.
What did he do to Arlene?
Well, I wouldn't go so far as to call him nice, but he's treated me pretty decent. But I've only been there about four days. He got a little rough with Arlene the other day.
Is he nice?
He thinks he is. He says his mother was Apache, but I suspect he's lying.
Is he black?
Uh-huh.
A real live pimp?
Uh-huh.
You have a pimp?
My pimp.
Who and what is a Drexl?
It's over on the TV. All it says is: "Dear Clarence." I couldn't write anymore. I didn't not want to ever see you again. In fact, it's stupid not to ever see you again. Las night... I don't know... I felt... I hadn't had that much fun since Girl Scouts. So I just said, "Alabama, come clean, Let him know what's what, and if he tells you to go fuck yourself then go back to Drexl and fuck yourself."
That dazzling imagination.
I don't know. I didn't talk with them. The plan was for me to bump into you, pick you up, spend the night, and skip out after you fell asleep. I was gonna write you a note and say that this was my last day in America. That I was leaving on a plane this morning up to Ukraine to marry a rich millionaire, and thank you for making my last day in America my best day.
Who?
Yeah, that one. Somebody who works there arranged to have me meet you.
"Heroes For Sale"?
I'm a call girl. There's a difference, ya know.  I don't know. Maybe there's not. That place you took me to last night, that comic book place.
You're a whore?
I'm not a theater checker. I'm a call girl.
What are you, a theater checker? You check up on the box office girls. Make sure they're not rippin' the place off.
Clarence, I've got something to tell you. I didn't just happen to be at the theater. I was paid to be there.
Did you hurt yourself?  Whatd'ya do? Step on a thumbtack?
You didn't do nothing.
What's wrong, sweetheart? Did I do something? What did I do?
Uh-huh.
So he really loved her?
That's what happened. In fact, when she died, it was considered to be the happiest time of her life. She'd been fucked over so much by men she didn't trust them. She was havin' this relationship with this guy and he asked her to marry him. Now, other people had asked to marry her before, but she couldn't be sure whether they really loved her or were just after her money. So, she said no. And the guy says, "Look, I really love you, and I wanna prove it. So have your lawyers draw up a paper that says no matter what happens, I can never get any of your money, and I'll sign it." So she did, and he asked her, and she said yes. And once they were engaged he told her a secret about himself that she never knew: he was a millionaire.
You mean she got a bad batch?
Yeah, she OD'd. But wasn't on her last legs or anythin'. She didn't take too much. It shouldn't have killed her. There was somethin' wrong with what she took.
She OD'd, didn't she?
You know, a lot of people have misconceptions of how she died.
I love Janis.
You're not stupid. Just wrong.
I dunno. I guess I'm just stupid.
What would make you think that?
Uh-huh, I was tryin' to think of somethin' to say to you, then I thought, she doesn't want me bothering her.
At the movies?
You know when you sat behind me?
I finally knew what I wanted when I grew up.
Oh, you look so cute as little Elvis.
Five.
Oooooh, you look so cute in your little cowboy outfit. How old were you then?
He was just born, remember? This is the first one. You know that guy, Dr. Gene Scott? He said that the story of Spiderman is the story of Christ, just disguised. Well, I thought about that even before I heard him say it. Hold on, let me show you my favorite comic book cover of all time.
God, Spiderman looks different.
That's a "Rookies" doll. George Sanford Brown. We gotta lotta dolls. They're real cool. Did you know they came out with dolls for all the actors in "The Black Hole"? I always found it funny somewhere there's a kid playin' with a little figure of Earnest Borgnine.
What's that?
Well, we sell other things too. Cool stuff. "Man from U.N.C.L.E." Lunch boxes. "Green Hornet" board games. Shit like that. But comic books are main business. There's a lot of collectors around here.
I didn't even know they had stores that just sold comic books.
Four hundred bucks.
You bet. How much is that worth?
That's where trouble comes into paradise. But the boss let's you borrow some money if you need it. Wanna see what "Spiderman" number one looks like?
Do you get paid a lot?
I'm hip. But you know, I'm comfortable here. It's easy work. I know what I'm doing. Everybody who works here is my buddy. I'm friendly with most of the customers. I just hang around and talk about comic books all day.
That's a long time.
Almost four years.
How long have you worked here?
Yeah, I got the key, so I come here at night, hang out, read comic books, play music.
Wow. What a swell place to work.
Because you looked like a nice guy, and I was a little scared. And I sure couldda used a nice guy about that time, so I spilled my popcorn on you.
And in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me?
Apparently, I was hit on the head with something really heavy, giving me a form of amnesia. When I came to, I didn't know who I was, where I was, or where I came from. Luckily, I had my driver's license or I wouldn't even know my name. I hoped it would tell me where I lived but it had a Tallahassee address on it, and I stopped somebody on the street and they told me I was in Detroit. So that was no help. But I did have some money on me, so I hopped in a cab until I saw somethin' that looked familiar. For some reason, and don't ask me why, that theater looked familiar. So I told him to stop and I got out.
What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone?
I'm not sure yet. Ask me again later.
Do you have a fella?
I'm sure there must be something, but I don't really remember. The only thing that comes to mind are Persians.
Turn-offs?
Mickey Rourke, somebody who can appreciate the finer things in life, like Elvis's voice, good kung fu, and a tasty piece of pie.
What are your turn-ons?
Phil Spector. Girl group stuff. You know, like "He's a Rebel".
What kinda music do you like?
Very much. Now, where were we?
Like it?
Yes, I would.
Would you like a bite of my pie?
Burt Reynolds.
What's your favorite movie star?
I don't remember. But off the top of my head, I'd say black.
What's your favorite color?
Might be from Tallahassee. But I'm not sure yet.
Where are you from.
I don't remember.
What do you do?
Ask me them again. One by one.
Well, for starters, what do you do? Where're ya from? What's your favorite color? Who's your favorite movie star? What kinda music do you like? What are your turn-ons and turn-offs? Do you have a fella? What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone? And, in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me?
What do you want to know?
C'mon. What're ya tryin' to be? The Phantom Lady?
There's nothing to tell.
Tell me about yourself.
How 'bout me what?
Well, enough about the King. How about you?
I'd love some pie.
Would you like to get some pie?
I love to get pie after a movie.
Well, it's just when I see a really good movie I really like to go out and get some pie, and talk about it. It's sort of tradition. Do you like to eat pie after you've seen a good movie?
No. Not particularly.  How come?
I suppose you gotta get up early, huh?
'Bout twelve.
What time is it?
Nothing. It's just you're a girl after my own heart.
Sure. Why not?
You took a cab to see three kung fu movies?
I took a cab.
Where's your car? I'll walk you to it.
That's my real name, really. I got proof. See.
Is that your real name? Really?
Alabama Whitman. Pleased to meet ya.
My name is Clarence, and what is yours?
If that was the R, I'd love to see the X.
You shoulda saw the first original uncut version of the "Streetfighter". It was the only movie up to that time rated X for violence. But we just saw the R.
Sonny kicks ass.
Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny kick ass?
Great movie. Action-packed!
He ain't so much good guy as he's just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up for life. Hold on, a fight scene's coming up.
I thought Sonny was the good guy.
Thanks a lot.
Want some Goobers?
The oriental in black. He's an assasin. Now, at the beginning he was hired to kill this guy the cops had. So he got himself arrested. They take him into the police station. And he starts kickin' all the cops' asses. Now, while keepin' them at bay, he finds the guy he was supposed to kill. Does a number on him. Kicks the cops' asses some more. Kicks the bars out of the window. And jumps out into a getaway car that was waiting for him.
The oriental.
Not at all. I, this guy here, he's Sonny Chiba.
What a wonderful philosophy. Thanks for being such a sweetheart. You could have been a real dick.
It's OK. Don't worry about it. Accidents happen.
I'm the clumsiest person in the world.
Yeah. I'm fine. It didn't hurt.
Oh, look what happened. Oh god, I'm so sorry. Are you OK?
And here we are.
... when my mom went into labor, my dad panicked. He never had a kid before, and crashed the car. Now, picture this: their car's demolished, crowd is starting to gather, my mom is yelling, going into contractions, and my dad, who was losing it before, is now completely screaming yellow zonkers. Then, out of nowhere, as if from thin air, this big giant bus appears, and the bus-driver says, "Get her in here.". He forgot all about his route and just drove straight to the hospital. So, because he was such a nice guy, they wanted to name the baby after him, as a sign of gratitude. Well, his name was Waldo, and no matter how grateful they were, even if I'da been a boy, they would't call me Waldo. So they asked Waldo where he was from. And, so there you go.
Now hang up.
Bye-bye.
He can't. We gotta go, but he wants you to read the letter. The letter explains it all. He wants you to know he loves you. And he wants you to know that as of tomorrow, all of your money problems are over.
No time. Gotta go. Just tell him to read the letter, the letter explains all. Tell him I love him. And tell him, as of tomorrow, all his money problems are over.
Get it.
Tell him to look through it.
Ya looked through it?
Has he looked through it yet?
The letter he sent.
The letter I sent.
Don't eat anything.
Tell him not to eat anything. We're gonna scarf when we get there.
Clarence says we gotta be hittin' it.
Tell him we gotta go.
Oh, hush up.
What kind of daughterly smackeroo was that?
Bye, Daddy! Hope to see you again real soon.
It's nine o'clock in the morning. Nothing's open.
How come?
I didn't get any chicken.
Thank God. I could eat a horse if you slap enough catsup on it.
The forager's back.
Okee-dokee, Doggie-Daddy.
This should cover it, Auggie-Doggie.
Well, fuck that shit, we'll get some real food. What would taste good.  What do you think would taste good?
I'm pretty hungry. When I went to the store I was gonna get some Ding-Dongs.
In fact, I'm gonna show you what I mean with a little demonstration. Big D, toss me that shotgun.
I'm hip.
Nigger, back off, you ain't beatin' shit. Now what would you do.
Nigger, get real. You touch Jayne Kennedy she'll have you ass in Wayne County so fast -
Me thinketh he doth protest too much.
Damn skippy. He like it, too.
Heard that.
Shit! Nigger you smoke enough sherm your dumb ass'll do a lot a crazy ass things. So you won't eat pussy? Motherfucker, you be up there suckin' niggers'        dicks.
I heard that.
Shit, any nigger say he don't eat pussy is lyin' his ass off.
Floyd say he don't be eatin' pussy.
What the fuck are you talkin' about?
Take that shit somewhere else.
Ain't no man have to eat pussy!
You don't like it, but you eat that shit.  He eats it.
Naw naw!
So you do eat pussy!
Go on pussy-eaters... laugh. You look like you be eatin' pussy. You got pussy-eatin' mugs. Now if a nigger wants to get his dick sucked he's got to do a bunch of fucked-up shit.
Nigger, I eat everything. I eat pussy. I eat the butt. I eat every motherfuckin' thang.
Hold on a second, Big D. You sayin' you eat pussy?
That's why it doesn't come across as ass-kissin', because it's genuine, and he can see that.
I'm not lyin' to him. I mean it. I loved "Coming Home in a Body Bag".
You're tellin' him what he wants to hear, but that ain't the same thing as kissin' his ass.
You don't think I'm kissin' his ass, do you?
Are you kiddin'? He loves you.
How do you think I'm doin' with Lee?
That was cool, wasn't it? You know, I don't even know where that came from. I just opened my mouth and it came out. After I said it I thought, that's a cool line, I gotta remember that.
Oh, and your line to Charles Atlas in there: "I'll take that gun", "You'll have to".
Can you develop an ulcer in two minutes? Being cool is hard on your body.
All anybody saw was Clint Eastwood drinkin' coffee.
I was dying. I thought for sure everyone could see it on my face.
Clarence, I gotta hand it to ya. You were cooler than cool.
Killin' 'em's the hard part. Gettin' away with it's the easy part. Whaddaya think the cops do when a pimp's killed? Burn the midnight oil tryin' to find who done it? They couldn't give a flyin' fuck if all the pimps in the whole wide world took two in the back of the fuckin' head. If you don't get caught at the scene with the smokin' gun in your hand, you got away with it.
If I thought I could get away with it -
I don't blame you.
Look, Elvis, he is hauntin' me. He doesn't deserve to live. And I do want to kill him. But I don't wanna go to jail for the rest of my life.
He don't got no right to live.
You'd really do that?
I ain't tellin' ya nothin'. I'm just sayin' what I'd do.
I can't believe what you're tellin' me.
Then shoot 'em. Shoot 'em in the face. And feed that boy to the dogs.
Yeah.
You wanna get unhaunted?
Yeah.
With that son-of-a-bitch walkin' around breathin' the same air as you? And gettin' away with it every day. Are you haunted?
Live with what?
Can you live with it?
What?
Fuck you! My mother was Apache.
Wannabee nigger...
No thanks? What does that mean? Means you ate before you came down here? All full. Is that it? Naw, I don't think so. I think you're too scared to be eatin'. Now, see we're sittin' down here, ready to negotiate, and you've already given up your shit. I'm still a mystery to you. But I know exactly where your ass is comin' from. See, if I asked you if you wanted some dinner and you grabbed an egg roll and started to chow down, I'd say to myself, "This motherfucker's carryin' on like he ain't got a care in the world. Who know? Maybe he don't. Maybe this fool's such a bad motherfucker, he don't got to worry about nothin', he just sit down, eat my Chinese, watch my TV." See? You ain't even sat down yet. On that TV there, since you been in the room, is a woman with her titties hangin' out, and you ain't even bothered to look. You just been starin' at me. Now, I know I'm pretty, but I ain't as pretty as a couple of titties.
No thanks.
Grab a seat there, boy. Want some dinner? Grab yourself an egg roll. We got everything here from a diddle-eyed-Joe to a damned-if-I-know.
Well. That makes us practically related. Bring your ass on in.
I'm her husband.
Who the fuck are you?
She's with me.
Where the fuck is that bitch?
No thanks, my stomach's a little upset. I ate somethin' at a restaurant that made me a little sick.
No. But thanks.
Yeah, let's just get outta here.
Well, if we're not gonna do it, let's just get in the car and get the fuck outta here.
This is our last chance to play "what if". I want to do it. I'm just scared of getting caught.
Now's a helluva time to play "what if".
No, I don't really mean it. Well, I mean, this is our last chance to think about it. How 'bout you, Bama?
Do you really mean it?
I know that Richard. I don't think I'll need it. But something this last week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not to need it than to need a gun and not to have it.
Look, Dillinger, Lee Donowitz is not a pimp -
In case they try to kill us. I don't know, what do you want me to say?
In case of what?
In case.
What the fuck did you bring that for.
Um, nothing, let's go?
Yeah?
Clarence.
Ah, Dick, let's talk about it in the car. We can't be late.
They didn't even want a callback. They just hired me like that. Me and Peter Breck are the two heavies. We start shooting Monday. My call is for seven o'clock in the morning.
No shit? Dick, that's great!
I got the part on "T.J. Hooker".
I'm just makin' sure we got everything.  You got yours?
Yeah, well if we got lost, it's your ass.  Come on, Clarence, lets go. Elliot's going to meet us in the lobby.
Let me handle this.
Clarence...
Don't expect me to be all broken up over poor Drexl. I think he was a fuckin', freeloadin', parasitic scumbag, and he got exactly what he deserved. I got no pity for a mad dog like that. I think I should get a merit badge or somethin'.
Two guys. Now you want me to help you with some big drug deal. Fuck, Clarence, you killed somebody and you're blowin' it off like it don't mean shit.
Two guys.
Shut up! First you come waltzing into my life after two years. You're married. You killed a guy.
What's to think about?
Would you just shut up a minute and let me think?
The zoo.  What are you waiting for?
The zoo.
Where?
OK, call 'im up and arrange a meeting, so we can get through all the getting to know you stuff.
Elliot Blitzer.
Elliot what?
Elliot.
What's this acting class guy's name?
Hardly anything. I wasn't sure from your letter what was bullshit, and what wasn't.
What'd'ya tell 'em?
He's nothing. He's in my acting class. But he works as an assistant to a very powerful movie producer named Lee Donowitz. I thought Donowitz could be interested in a deal like this. He could use it. He could afford it.
Is he big league?
It's difficult because you're sellin' it to a particular group. Big shots. Fat cats. Guys who can use that kind of quantity. Guys who can afford two hundred thousand. Basically, guys I don't know. You don't know. And, more important, they don't know you. I did talk with one guy who could possibly help you.
I'm offering a half a million dollars worth of white for two hundred thousand. How difficult can that be?
Do you have any idea how difficult that's gonna be?
No way! The whole enchilada in one shot.
Yeah, they do. And maybe when I start being a successful actor I'll know those guys. But most of the people I know are like me. They ain't got a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of. Now, if you want to sell a little bit at a time -
But you're an actor. I hear these Hollywood guys have it delivered to the set.
Look, Clarence, I'm not Joe Cocaine.
Drexl's dead. This is Clarence's coke and Clarence can do whatever he wants with it. And what Clarence wants to do is sell it. Then me and Bama are gonna leave on a jet plane and spend the rest of our lives spendin'. So, you got my letter, have you lined up any buyers?
This is Drexl's coke?
I don't know! A fuckin' lot!
Tell me.
Do you have any idea how much fuckin' coke you got?
I know.
You've got a helluva lotta coke there, man!
I certainly hope so.
It's fuckin' real!  It's fuckin' real!
It'll get ya high.
This shit can't be real.
For the very first time in my life.  Do you know what that's like?
You're really in love, aren't you?
Every word of it.
How much of that letter was on the up and up?
You don't meet him in the audition. That comes later. Hope, hope.
Did you meet Captain Kirk?
... formica. I did real well. I think she liked me.
What's so fuckin' good about it? Actresses are the most fucked-in-the-head bunch of women in the world. It's like they gotta pass a test of emotional instability before they can get their SAG card. Oh, guess what? I had a really good reading for "T.J. Hooker" the other day.
Good for you.
Well, for the past couple of years I've been goin' out with girls from my acting class.
You goin' out?
Just like in Detroit, only skinnier.
Well, she's a pretty amazing girl. What are women like out here?
That's a pretty amazing story.
Now tell him goodbye.
Money problems?
Has he gotten his mail today?
Clarence sent a letter?
Ask him if he got the letter.
Alabama, could you tell Clar -
Tell him we'll be hittin' his area some time tomorrow.
What?
Believe it or not, I actually tricked a girl into falling in love with me. I'm not quite sure how I did it. I'd hate to have to do it again. But I did it. Wanna say hi to my better half?
Get the fuck outta here!
I'm a married man.
Get the fuck outta here!
Well, there's a story behind all that. I'll tell you when I see you. By the way, I won't be alone. I'm bringing my wife with me.
What's up? Why're leavin' Detroit?
Tomorrow.
You comin' to L.A.? When?
Well, you're gonna be seein' me shortly.
It's great to hear from you.
You got it.
Clarence?
Three kung fu movies.
You wanna take me to a kung fu movie?
He is, bar none, the greatest actor working in martial arts movies ever.
Who's Sonny Chiba?
A Donny Chiba triple feature. "The Streetfighter", "Return of the Streetfighter", and "Sister Streetfighter".
What are we gonna see?
How 'bout you go to the movies with me tonight?
How 'bout me what?
Well, enough about the King, how 'bout you?
I don't blame you.  So we'd both fuck Elvis. It's nice to meet people with common interests, isn't it?
When he was alive. I wouldn't fuck him now.
Really?
I'd fuck Elvis.
What's waiting for us up there. Tell me or I'll pump two right in your face.
No. No you're not.
Apparently I'm not as dumb as you thought I am.
You are the dumbest person in the world.
Say it, goddamn it!
Don't lie to me, motherfucker. You apparently think I'm the dumbest motherfucker in the world! Don't you? Say: Clarence, you are without a doubt, the dumbest motherfucker in the whole wide world. Say it!
No.
Don't you?
Get on your knees.
Yeah?
Elliot.
I guess so. Follow me.
Well, I guess it's about that time.
They'll be along.
Where's everybody else?
No problems on both counts.
He says Wednesday at three o'clock at the Beverly Wilshire. He wants everybody there.  He'll talk to you. If after talkin' to you he's convinced you're OK, he'll do business. If not, he'll say fuck it and walk out the door. He also wants a sample bag.
Mr. Donowitz?  I told you, through Dick.  He's in my acting class.  About a year.  Yeah, he's good.  They grew up together.  Sure thing.
He wants to talk ya.
Riddle me this, Batman. If you're all so much in love with each other, what the fuck are you doing here? I'm sure you got better things to do with your time than walk around in circles starin' up a panther's ass. Your guy's interested because with that much shit at his fingertips he can play Joe fuckin' Hollywood till the wheels come off. He can sell it, he can snort it, he can play Santa Claus with it. At the price he's payin', he'll be everybody's best friend. And, you know, that's what we're talkin' about here. I'm not puttin' him down. Hey, let him run wild. Have a ball, it's his money. But, don't expect me to hang around forever waitin' for you guys to grow some guts.
Get it straight, Lee isn't into taking risks. He deals with a couple of guys, and he's been dealing with them for years. They're reliable. They're dependable. And, they're safe.
Then why are you telling me all this bullshit just so you can fuck me?
No. No, you don't.
Do I look like a beautiful blond with big tits and an ass that tastes like French vanilla ice-cream?
What?
Sure. I didn't hear anything.
We were in Four H together. We've known each other since childhood. So, I'm handling the sales part. He's my silent partner and he knows if I get fucked up, I won't drop dime on him. I didn't tell you nothin' and you didn't hear nothin'.
He trusts you?
Duh. What else would I be talking about? Now stop askin' stupid doorknob questions. Well, a year and a half ago, this friend of mine got access to the evidence room for an hour. He snagged this coke. But, he's a good cop with a wife and a kid, so he sat on it for a year and a half until he found a guy he could trust.
The police department?
What do you think, eightball?
What department?
No problem, Elliot. I'm just fuckin' wit ya, that's all. Actually, I'll tell you but you gotta keep it quiet. Understand, if Dick didn't assure me you're good people I'd just tell ya, none of your fuckin' business. But, as a sign of good faith, here it goes: I gotta friend in the department.
Look, Dick, I don't -
Coco leaves. You see, they take the leaves and mash it down until it's kind of a paste -
Ha ha ha. No really, where does it come from?
I grow it on my window-sill. The lights really great there and I'm up high enough so you can't see it from the street.
Unloading? That's a helluva way to describe the bargain of a lifetime.
- that you're unloading for two hundred thousand dollars -
Leave the gorillas.
Yeah, OK.
Want an animal cracker?
So you guys got five hundred thousand dollars worth of cola that you're unloading -
Like, look at her. She looks like she fell off an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat Boone's dick.
I can see what you mean.
It tried to pin down what the attraction is after all these years. It covers the whole spectrum of fans, the people who love his music, the people who grew up with him, the artists he inspired - Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, and the fanatics, like these guys. I don't know about you, but they give me the creeps.
That good, huh?
You know, I saw it on the stands, my first inclination was to buy it. But, I look at the price and say forget it, it's just gonna be the same old shit. I ended up breaking down and buying it a few days later. Man, I was ever wrong.
No. Not yet.
Have you read the story on Elvis?
Yeah, I subscribe. It's a pretty decent one.
Actually, they can count it. I'd like to use the little boy's room.
Wanna count your money?
I bullshitted him.
If you don't know shit, why does he think you can sell it?
We grew up together.
Why does he trust you?
Well, Elliot wasn't supposed to tell you anythin'.  Thanks a lot, bigmouth. I knew you were a squid the moment I laid eyes on you. In my book, buddy, you're a piece of shit.  He's not a dirty cop, he's a good cop. He just saw his chance and he took it.
Elliot tells me you're fronting for a dirty cop.
Bastards. That's why I always eat at Lawreys.
A Norms in Van Nuys.
Where'd you go?
I'm not satisfied till the spoon stands straight up.
You like a little coffee with your cream and sugar?
Me too, Boris.
Don't worry, I'll desire. Boris, could I have some more coffee.
Now, that's practically uncut. You could, if you so desire, cut it a helluva lot more.
Like that Merchant-Ivory clap-trap. All those assholes make are unwatchable movies from unreadable books.
I hear you talkin' Clarence. We park our cars in the same garage.
You know, most movies that win a lot of Oscars, I can't stand. "Sophie's Choice", "Ordinary People", "Kramer vs. Kramer", "Gandhi". All that stuff is safe, geriatric, coffee-table dog shit.
Thank you very much, Clarence.
OK, sorry, Lee. I just wanna tell you "Coming Home in a Body Bag" is one of my favorite movies. After "Apocalypse Now" I think it's the best Vietnam movie ever.
Lee, Clarence . Please don't insult me. Call me Lee.
Oh, Mr. Donowitz -
I don't think that'll be necessary. Let's all have a seat. Boris, why don't you be nice and get coffee for everybody.
Well, I have to admit, walkin' through the door and seein' these "Soldier of Fortune" poster boys made me a bit nervous. But, Lee, I'm fairly confident that you came here to do business, not to be a wise-guy. So, if you want, I'll put the gun on the table.
I wanna be able to announce this deal at Cannes. If I had time for a courtship, Lee, I would. I'd take ya out, I'd hold your hand, I'd kiss you on the cheek at the door. But, I'm not in that position. I need to know if we're in bed together, or not. If you want my movie, Lee, you're just gonna have to come to terms with your Fear and Desire.
Well, then, what's the hurry? Is it true the rights to "Doctor Zhivago" are in arbitration?
Now that's bullshit, Lee. Every time you buy one of those little movies it's a risk. I'm not sellin' you something that's gonna play two weeks, six weeks, then go straight to cable. This is "Doctor Zhivago". This'll be packin' 'em in for a year and a half. Two years! That's two years you don't have to work with anybody's movie but mine.
But the bottom line is: I'm not Paramount. I have a select group of distributers I deal with. I buy their little movies. Accomplish what I wanna accomplish, end of story. Easy, business-like, very little risk.
The biggest. The biggest movie you've ever dealt with, Lee. We're talkin' a lot of film. A man'd have ta be an idiot not to be a little cautious about a movie like that. And Lee, you're no idiot.
I don't know, Clarence, "Doctor Zhivago" is a pretty big movie.
Yeah, well, just stay outta trouble. Remeber, you got a wife to think about. Quit fuckin' around.  I love you son.
We do make a cute couple, don't we?
Well, son, I want you to know I hope everything works out with you and Alabama. I like her. I think you make a cute couple.
Keep it.
I got some money I can give you -
Thanks a lot, Daddy. You really came through for me.
Naw, until they hear something better they'll assume Drexl and Blue Lou had a falling out. So, once you leave twon, I wouldn't worry about it.
That's what I've been tellin' ya. The guy was like a mad dog. So the cops aren't looking for me?
Gangster. Drug Dealer. Somebody you don't want on your ass. Look, Clarence, the more I hear about this Drexl fucker, the more I think you did the right thing. That guy wasn't just some wild flake.
Who is he?
If you don't hang around in this circle, no reason it should.
Nope.
Yeah. Drexl had an association with a fella named Blue Lou Boyle. Name mean anything to you?
No shit?
Apparently, Drexl had a big toe stuck in shit like that.
Do tell. Why drug related?
They have nothing. In fact, they think it's drug related.
Look, goddamnit, I never asked you for a goddamn thing! I've tried to make your parental obligation as easy as possible. After Mom divorced you, did I ask you for anything? When I wouldn't see ya for six months to a year at a time, did you ever get your shit about it? No, it was always "OK", "No problem", "You're a busy guy, I understand". The whole time you were a drunk, did I ever point my finger at you and talk shit? No! Everybody else did. I never did. You see, I know that you're just a bad parent. You're not really very good at it. But I know you love me. I'm basically a pretty resourceful guy. If I didn't really need it I wouldn't ask. And if you say no, don't worry about it. I'm gone. No problems.
You got it all worked out, don't you?
I'm your son.
What makes you think I would do that?
You were a cop.
What makes you think I could do that?
Could you find out if they know anythin'? I don't know they know shit about us. But I don't wanna think, I wanna know. You could find out for sure what's goin' on.  Daddy?
Yes, I still have friends on the force.
Do you still have friends on the force?
Stop acting like an infant. You're here because you want me to help you in some way. What do you need from me? You need money?
What?
What do you want from me?
You're always making jokes. That's what you do, isn't it? Make jokes. Making jokes is the one thing you're good at, isn't it? But if you make a joke about this -  - I'm gonna go completely out of my fuckin' head!
Look, I don't know this is pretty heavy-duty, so if you wanna explode, feel free.
Daddy, I'm in big fuckin' trouble and I really need your help.
Clarence, just shut up, you're giving me a headache! I can't believe how much like your mother you are. You're your fuckin' mother through and through. I haven't heard from ya in three years. Then ya show up all of a sudden at eight o'clock in the morning. You walk in like a goddamn bulldozer... don't get me wrong, I'm happy to see you... just slow it down. Now, when did you get married?
Daddy. Nice isn't the word. Nice is an insult. She's a peach. That's the only word for it, she's a peach. She even tastes like a peach. You can tell I'm in love with her. You can tell by my face, can't ya? It's a dead giveaway. It's written all over it. Ya know what? She loves me back. Take a seat, Pop, we gotta talk -
She seems very nice.
Isn't she the sweetest goddamned girl you ever saw in your whole life? Is she a four alarm fire, or what?
You don't know the chicken places around where you live?  Ask the guy at the place where a chicken place is.
I really don't know.
You know what would taste good? Chicken. I haven't had chicken in a while. Chicken would really hit the spot about now. Chicken and beer, definitly, absolutely, without a doubt.  Where's a good chicken place around here?
I'm really not very -
Get a six-pack of something imported. It's hard to tell you what to get 'cause different places have different things. If they got Fosters, get that, if not, ask the guy at the thing what the strongest imported beer he has. Look, since you're making a beer run, would you mind too terribly if you did a foot run as well. I'm fuckin' starvin' to death. Are you hungry too?
Uh, yeah... there's a party store down 54th.
Go to the liquor store -  Where is there a liquor store around here?
That's about all I ever eat.
I can, but I don't.
Anything stronger?  Oh, probably not. Beer? You can drink beer, can't you?
I think there's a Seven-Up in there.
It's a fact. Sicilians have nigger blood pumpin' through their hearts. If you don't believe me, look it up. You see, hundreds and hundreds of years ago the Moors conquered Sicily. And Moors are niggers. Way back then, Sicilians were like the wops in northern Italy. Blond hair, blue eyes. But, once the Moors moved in there, they changed the whole country. They did so much fuckin' with the Sicilian women, they changed the blood-line for ever, from blond hair and blue eyes to black hair and dark skin. I find it absolutely amazing to think that to this day, hundreds of years later, Sicilians still carry that nigger gene. I'm just quotin' history. It's a fact. It's written. Your ancestors were niggers. Your great, great, great, great, great-grandmother was fucked by a nigger, and had a half-nigger kid. That is a fact. Now tell me, am I lyin'?
Come again?
You know I read a lot. Especially things that have to do with history. I find that shit fascinating. In fact, I don't know if you know this or not, Sicilians were spawned by niggers.
Uh-huh.
Oh, don't bother. I got one.  So you're a Sicilian, huh?
Sure.
Could I have one of those Chesterfields now?
They didn't tell me.
I'm gettin' angry askin' the same question a second time. Where did they go?
On their honeymoon.
That's of minor importance. But what's of major fuckin' importance is that I believe you. Where did they go?
I don't believe you.
I'm talkin' about a massacre. They snatched my narcotics and hightailed it outta there. Wouldda gotten away with it, but your son, fuckhead that he is, left his driver's license in a dead guy's hand. A whore hiding in the commode filled in all the blanks.
What are you talkin' about?
Now I can't be sure of how much of what he told you. So in the chance you're in the dark about some of this, let me shed some light. That whore your boy hangs around with, her pimp is an associate of mine, and I don't just mean pimpin', in other affairs he works for me in a courier capacity. Well, apparently, that dirty little whore found out when we're gonna do some business, 'cause your son, the cowboy and his flame, came in the room blastin' and didn't stop till they were pretty sure everybody was dead.
I've seen him.
Look, I'd help ya if I could, but I haven't seen Clarence -
I have a son of my own. About you boy's age. I can imagine how painful this must be for you. But Clarence and that bitch-whore girlfriend of his brought this all on themselves. And I implore you not to go down the road with 'em. You can always take comfort in the fact that you never had a choice.
No.
I'm glad. Hopefully that will clear up the how-full-of-shit-I-am question you've been asking yourself. Now, we're gonna have a little Q and A, and, at the risk of sounding redundant, please make your answers genuine.  Want a Chesterfield?
I've heard of Blue Lou Boyle.
I'm the Anti-Christ. You get me in a vendetta kind of mood, you will tell the angels in heaven that you had never seen pure evil so singularly personified as you did in the face of the man who killed you. My name is Vincenzo Coccotti. I work as a counsel for Mr. Blue Lou Boyle, the man your son stole from. I hear you were once a cop so I assume you've heard od us before. Am I correct?
I give up. Who are you?
Do you know who I am, Mr. Worley?
Shit, are you behind. Me and Robin got a divorce six months ago. Got myself a new place - mirrors all over the bedroom, ceiling fans above the bed. Guy'd have to look as ugly as King Kong not to get laid in this place. I'm serious, a guy'd have to look like a gorilla.
You and Robin moved?
I don't see why not. When you gonna come round and see my new place?
I don't know him. Is he a nice guy? You think he'll help me out?
McTeague.
Yeah, and the restaurant's on my route. And you know, I stuck my nose in for the company to try to put a stop to some of these break-ins. Now, while I have no proof, the name Drexl Spivey kept comin' up Who's case is it?
Are you still working security for Foster & Langley?
Well, Ted, to tell you the truth, I found out through the grapevine that it might be, and I only said might be, the Drexl Spivey that was responsible for that restaurant break-in on Riverdale.
What about him?
It's about that pimp that was shot a couple of days ago, Drexl Spivey.
Well, don't just sit there, shoot him.
I don't know. He just appeared as magic.
Where'd he come from?
Absolutely.
Could we try it now?
Sure. No problem.
If we decided on making him a New York type, could you do that?
Thank you.
That was very good.
Well, don't just sit there, shoot him.
I don't know. He just appeared as magic.
Where'd you come from?
Well, the part you're reading for is one of the bad guys. There's Brian and Marty. Peter Breck's already been cast as Brian. And you're reading for the part of Marty. Now in this scene you're both in a car and Bill Shatner's hanging on the hood.  And what you're trying to do is get him off.  Whenever you're ready.
Step inside.
I'm me... I mean, that's me.
Look, we don't care if you bring in the state milita, the volunteer fire department, the L.A. Thunderbirds, the ghost of Steve McQueen, and the twelve Roman gladiators, so long as we get credit for the bust.
Dirty cops. We'll have to bring in internal affairs on this.
We talked him into it.
He'll wear a wire?
I believe he believes him.
Do you believe him?
Sure was.
That was a good fuckin' movie.
Uh-huh.
That Vietnam movie?
Okee-dokee. It's like this, Krinkle; a patrol car stops this dork for speeding, they walk up to window and the guy's covered in coke. So they bring his ass in and me an' Nicholson go to work on him.
Both you, idiots shut up, I can't understand shit! Now, what's happened, what's going on, and what are you talking about?
You're an actor, so act, motherfucker.
Don't blow it, Elliot. He's bluffin'. He just told you so himself.
This guy's gonna kill him.
He's bluffin ya, Elliot. Can't you see that? You're an actor, remember, the show must go on.
Whatta we gonna do? He's in an elevator.
We gotta get him outta there.
He knows something's up.
How's he supposed to see the wire?
He saw the wire.
How the fuck could he know?
He knows.
Hope you're a good actor, Elliot.
You do.
You do more than try.
So you gotta get him to admit on tape that he's buying this coke.
We have to show in court that, without a doubt, a successful man, an important figure in the Hollywood community, is also dealing cocaine.
Like gang-busters. Now, remember, if you don't want to go to jail, we gotta put your boss in jail.
This rabbit'll do anything not to do time, including wearing a wire.
He's so spooked he'd turn over his momma, his daddy, his two-panny granny, and Anna and the King of Siam if he had anything on him.
He produced "Coming Home in a Body Bag".
To front for him. So Elliot is workin' out the deal between them and his boss, a big movie producer named Lee Donowitz.
Suspect's words -
So we got this guy scared shitless and he starts talkin'. And, Krinkle, you ain't gonna fuckin' believe it.
Which wasn't too hard, the guy was a real squid.
Nicholson and I go to work on him. Now er know somthing's rotten in Denmark, 'cause this dickhead had a big bag, and it's uncut, too, so we're sweatin' him, trying to find out where he got it. Scarin' the shit outta him.
Nicholson and I.
Krinkle, you're lookin' at the two future cops of the month. We have it, and if I say we, I don't mean me and him, I'm referring to the whole department. Haven't had a decent bust this whole month. Well, we mighta come in like a lamb, but we're goin' out like a lion -
Krinkle, this is it. We got it, man. And it's all ours. I mean talk about fallin' into somethin'. You shoulda seen it, it was beautiful. Dimes is hittin' him from the left about being fucked in the ass by niggers, I'm hittin' him form the right about not likin' pussy anymore, finally he starts  cryin', and then it was all over -
That is, of course, if you don't catch Aids from all your anal intrusions.
'Course you'll wanna fuck her in the ass. Pussy just won't feed right anymore -
And just think, when you get out in a few years, you'll meet some girl, get married, and you'll be so understanding to your wife's needs, because you'll know what it's like to be a woman.
But there is a bright side though. If you ever have to play a part of a guy who gets fucked in the ass on a daily basis by throat-slitting niggers, you'll have so much experience to draw on -
You're a fuckin' star! And you're gonna be playin' your little one-man show nightly for the next two fuckin' years for a captive audience -
Or a supporting actor -
Or a bit player -
You're no longer an extra -
You got caught. It's all fun and fuckin' games till you get caught. But now we gotcha. OK, Mr. Elliot actor, you've just made the big time -
No don't sit here and feed us some shit.
But a fuckin' baggie.
Not a tiny little vial -
Look, sunshine, we found a sandwich bag of uncut cocaine -
Look in the hamper. Linda's been dumpin' everybody's stray clothes there lately.
I'm tryin' to find my jacket.
I'll keep lover boy here entertained.  You know the first thing I'll do when she gets here. I think I'll make her suck my dick, and I'll come all in her face. I mean it ain't nuttin' new. She's done it before. But I want you as a audience.  Marty, what the fuck are you doin'?
Shit, man, you done fucked up again. Next time you bogart your way into a nigger's crib, an' get all his face, make sure you do it on white boy day.
Naw, man, it ain't white boy day.
You see what you get when you fuck wit me, white boy? You're gonna walk in my goddamn house, my house! Gonna come in here and tell me! Talkin' smack, in my house, in front of my employees. Shit! Your ass must be crazy.  I don't think that white boy's got good sense. Hey, Marty.  He must of thought it was white boy day. It ain't white boy day, is it?
Naw. It don't feel too good but it's alright.
You OK? That stupid dumb-ass didn't break your nose, did he?
Pussy love pink rocks.
Looky here, you want the bitches to really fly high, make your rocks with Cherry Seven-Up.
You ain't seen nothin' like these rock whores. They ass be young man. They got that fine young pussy. Bitches want the rock they be a freak for you. They give you hips, lips, and fingertips.
Rock whores.
What was I sayin'?
With that terrible mug of yours if Jayne Kennedy told you to eat her pussy, kiss her ass, lick her feet, chow on her shit, and suck her dog's dick, nigger, you'd aim to please.
If it came down to who eats who, damn skippy.
You tell Jayne Kennedy to fuck it?
I tell Jayne Kennedy, "Suck my dick or I'll beat your ass!"
Why you trippin'? We jus' fuckin' with ya. But I wanna ask you a question. You with some fine bitch, I mean a brick shithouse bitch - you're with Jayne Kennedy. You're with Jayne Kennedy and you say "Bitch, suck my dick!" and then Jayne Kennedy says, "First things first, nigger, I ain't suckin' shit till you bring your ass over here and lick my bush!" Now, what do you say?
Well fuck you guys then! You guys are fucked up!
Then, after a while sisters use to gettin' their little pussy eat. And because you white boys had to make pigs out of yourselves, you fucked it up for every nigger in the world everywhere.
- Because it's good!
Yeah, that's right, laugh. It's so funny, oh it's so funny.  There used to be a time when sisters didn't know shit about gettin' their pussy licked. Then the sixties came an' they started fuckin' around with white boys. And white boys are freaks for that shit -
Look here. If I ever did eat some pussy - I would never eat any pussy - but, if I did eat some pussy, I sure as hell wouldn't tell no goddamn body. I'd be ashamed as a motherfucker.
Preach on, Big D.
Nigger, you lie like a big dog.
Naw man, that's some serious shit.
That's bullshit.
Naw man, I don't be eatin' that shit.
Nigger, get outta my face with that bullshit.
Read my lips.
You're the one who wanted to drive fast.
No.
Put it in your pants.
I'm not wearing a bra.
Please, they'll be here any minute. Just put it in your bra.
No way, Jos.
They won't search you. I promise. You haven't done anything.
I'm not gonna put that shit in my purse.
Just put it in your purse.
You must be high. Uh-huh. No way.
You gotta hold this for me.
What can I do?
Fuck! I knew it! I fucking knew it! I should have my head examined, driving like this!  Kandi, you gotta help me.
You're right. It is.
No, I ain't been there. But I heard him say. Hollywood Holiday Inn. Kinda easy to remember.
How do you know? You been there?
Naw, they ain't stayin' here. But, I know who you're talkin' about. They're stayin' at the Hollywood Holiday Inn.
Maybe you can help me. Actually, who I'm looking for is a friend of ours from Detroit. Clarence Worley? I heard he was in town. Might be travelling with a pretty girl named Alabama. Have you seen him? Are they stayin' here?
Exactly room-mates.
Sorta room-mates?
Yeah, I live here.
Do you live here?
Naw, he ain't home right now.
Hello, is Dick Ritchie here?
Well, you go down Beechwood...
Where's that?
He's at the Beverly Wilshire.
Do you know where we can find him?
Yes.
Do you know a Clarence Worley?
No.
Are you Dick Ritchie?
Yes.
Donowitz, he said.
What was the Jew-boy's name?
Shut your mouth. Nick Cardella was provin' what his words was worth before you were in your daddy's nutsack. What sun do you walk under you can throw a shadow on Nick Cardella? Nick Cardella's a stand-up guy.
I didn't mean -
Then where the hell do you get off talkin' that kind of talk?
No.
Excuse me, Mr. Coccotti.  Do you know Nick Cardella?
We're going to think about it, Cole. Among ourselves.  We'll get back to you.
I understand.  There'd be no point.
Well, sir, I don't think the human mind was built to exist in two different... whatever you call it..."dimensions." It's stressful, you said it yourselves, it gets you confused.  You don't know what's real and what's not.
You said we weren't "real," Cole...
No, sir!  I just want to do my part. To get us back on top...in charge of the planet.  And I have the experience, I know who the people are...
The food, the sky, the certain, uh, sexual temptations -- you haven't become "addicted" have you, Cole?  To that "dying" world'
I DON'T WANT YOUR "WOMEN," YOU BRAINLESS TWIT! I WANT TO BE WELL!
Women will want to get to know you...
Uh, I think so.  In the mental hospital.
Him?  You saw that man?
Uh, what?
Well?
We have a very advanced program, something very different, requires very skilled people.
No, sir!
Uh, I didn't hear the...
Wake up, Cole.
I went to the surface and I collected specimens like I was told.
We want you to tell us about last night.
This is it, James...what you've been working for.
We're very close!  Because of you!
You're still a little... disoriented.
But just until you recover your, uh,... equilibrium.
Cole, did you or did you not record that message?
He's drugged out of his mind!  He's completely zoned out.
For a man in your position...an opportunity.
We want tough minded people.  Strong mentally.  We've had some...misfortunes with "unstable" types.
You don't want to jeopardize that reduction, do you, Cole?  Have it taken away?
To be determined by the proper authorities.
Hey, no problem, it's probably just another kidnapping featuring Jeffrey's shrink, pardon me, make that ex-shrink.  This is your leader, a certifiable lunatic who told his former psychiatrist all his plans for God knows what whacko irresponsible schemes, and now who knows what she's painted out there on our wall?
Wow, a guy in a Chevy is chasing her and some other guy I can't see.
She's drawing attention to us, that's what she's doing. ... I don't know what you're up to this time, Mason, but you're gonna get us in deep shit!
What's she doing?
It's the kidnap woman -- the one who was with the guy who tied us up.
What are you going to do with us?
That's him.
Shut up!
I told you that fuckhead Mason would get us into something like this.
Uh, so that a vaccine can be developed that will, uh, allow mankind to reclaim the surface of the earth.
So that...???
To find out where the virus is so a qualified scientist can travel back into the past and study the original virus.
And your only goal is...???
That the virus was taken from Philadelphia to San Francisco, then to New Orleans, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Kinshasa, Karachi, Bangkok, then Peking.
Meaning...???
San Francisco, New Orleans, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Kinshasa, Karachi, Bangkok, then Peking.
And it appeared sequentially after that in...?
It was released in Philadelphia, probably on June 14, 1995.
Let's consider again our current information -- if the symptoms were first detected in Philadelphia on June 28, 1995, that makes us know that...?
I got into trouble.  I got arrested. But I still got you a specimen -- a spider -- but I didn't have anyplace to put it, so I ate it.  It was the wrong year anyway, so I guess it doesn't matter.
Forced you!  Why would someone force you to take drugs?
They forced me to take drugs.
I think it was...I'm sure it was 2nd Street.
It's important to observe everything.
I'll get the tickets and meet you... in the Gift Shop.
Right!  You're right.  I have to fix this.
James, if we're identified, they're going to send us someplace...but not to Key West!
I was here...as a kid.  I think you were here, too.  But you...looked just like you look now.
They may be looking for us, James.  Use this.  You can fix it in the Men's Room.
Airports all look the same.  Maybe it's...  James!  Your moustache!  It's slipping.
I know this place! ... This is my dream.
On the walls -- they meant the animals when they said, "We did it."
That's what they were up to!  Freeing animals!
I remember you...like this.  I feel I've known you before.  I feel I've always known you.
I mean in my dream -- I didn't realize it was you.  Then...I woke up and I...I thought you were gone.
Well, you look pretty different, too.
You were in my dream just now.  I didn't recognize you.
In a few weeks, it will have started or it won't.  If there are still baseball games and traffic jams, armed robberies and boring TV shows -- we'll be so happy, we'll be glad to turn ourselves in to the police.
But maybe I'm wrong.  Maybe you're wrong.  Maybe we're both crazy.
So we can stick our heads out the window and feel the wind and listen to the music.  So we can appreciate what we have while we have it.  Forgive me, psychiatrists don't cry.
Why are we doing this?
Flowers!  What flowers?
If we can't change anything...because it's already happened, then we ought to at least smell the flowers.
I have seen it, but I don't remember this part.  Funny, it's like what's happening to us, like the past.  The movie never changes -- it can't change -- but everytime you see it, it seems to be different because you're different -- you notice different things.
Shh -- don't talk.  Hold still.
I think I've seen this movie before. When I was a kid.  It was on TV.
They got your message, Kathryn.  They played it for me.  It was a bad recording...distorted.  I didn't recognize your voice.
You... you couldn't have heard me.
I couldn't resist.  I was so relieved. Wait'll they hear this nutty woman telling them...they better watch out for the Army of the Twelve Monkeys...
You... you left them a message?
No superiors!  No scientists.  No people from the future.  It's just a Carpet Cleaning Company.  They have voice mail -- you leave a message telling them when you want your carpet cleaned.
A Carpet Cleaning Company?
It's a Carpet Cleaning Company...
I...I...We need cash, James.
You want me to rob him?
James...do you remember...six years ago...you had a phone number!  You tried to call and...
I want to be here.  In this time.  With you.  I want to become...become a whole person.  I want this to be the present. I want the future to be unknown.
Well, I can't. ... I mean...I'm trying to.  I can't believe that everything we do or say has already happened, that we can't change what's going to happen, that I'm one of the three billion people who are going to die...soon.
You said I had delusions -- that I created a world -- you said you could explain everything...
You had a bullet from World War One in your leg, James!  How did it get there?
...I had a dream about...something like that.
What does this mean to you?
IT WASN'T A TV SHOW!  IT WAS REAL!
I think I saw a TV show like that when I was a kid.  Where a boy...
James, you said he was hiding in the barn...
It was?  I didn't...know.
The boy in the well.  How did you know that was just a hoax?
I don't know -- I don't remember.
You disappeared!  One minute you were there, the next minute you were gone. Did you run through the woods?
No, not really.  It's...it's in my mind.  Like you said.
Just like that?  You were in prison?
I thought I was in...prison again.
Okay...you were standing there looking at the moon...you were eating grass... then what?
You mean, treat me?  Cure me?  Kathryn, those words on the wall -- I've seen them before...  I...I...dreamed them.
We're avoiding the police until I can....talk to you.
I don't understand what we're doing.
No, I want to turn myself in.  Where is he?  Don't worry -- it's all okay now.  I'm not crazy any more!  I mean, I am crazy, mentally divergent, actually, but I know it now and I want you to help me.  I want to get well...
James!  That's a policeman.  Pretend you don't know me.  If he sees you...
No gun!  Stars!  Air!  I can live here.  Breathe!
You're sure?
The gun! ... I lost it
Give me the gun.
It would be great if I'm crazy.  If I'm wrong about everything...the world will be okay.  I'll never have to live underground.
First, it's important that you surrender to them instead of them catching you running.  Okay?
I need help all right.  They're coming after me.
It can be dealt with, but only if you want to.  I can help you.
I'm..."mentally divergent".  I would love to believe that.
Nobody is going to wipe out the human race.  Not you or Jeffrey or anybody else.  You've created something in your mind, James -- a substitute reality. In order to avoid something you don't want to face.
Jeffrey Mason said it was my idea about the virus.  And suddenly, I wasn't sure.  We talked when I was in the institution, and it was all...fuzzy. The drugs and stuff.  You think maybe I'm the one who wiped out the human race?  It was my idea?
What made you think that?
Yeah, sort of, I guess.  I...I'm sorry I locked you up.  I thought...I thought... I think maybe I am crazy!
See -- you can drive after all!
No!  I...don't think so.  I stole a car and they chased me.  I hit a tree.
What have you done?  Did you...kill someone?
You have to give yourself up, you know.
You smell so good.
That has your name on it.  Give him cash.
No.  I want you to turn yourself in, James -- It'll go much better for you if you do -- but I'm not going to trick you.
You were going to run out off gas on purpose, weren't you?
It was some kind of...war.  Never mind, you wouldn't believe me.  Turn off here.
Shot!  Who shot you?
I got shot.  Look -- there's a gas station up ahead.
What's the matter with your leg?
I said I was too young to drive.  I didn't say I was stupid.
I thought you didn't know how to drive.
We need gas.
And he told you then his father was a famous virologist.
The guy was a total fruitcake.
You know Dr. Mason's son, Jeffrey Mason, don't you, James?  You met him in the County Hospital six years ago.
All I see are dead people.  Everywhere. What's three more?
Jeffrey Mason?
Mason???
Lock it now!
James, why don't we...?
I told you what I want.  Lock the door!
I've got one now.
You didn't have a gun before, did you?
I did him a favor.  Now come on.
Oh, Jesus, James!  You killed him!
Uh, no.  Yes.  I mean, just some scrapes...
Are you hurt?
The man...with the voice.  I recognized him.  He's from the present.  He...
Who's keeping an eye on you?
They're keeping an eye on me.
I'm not going to "do" anything, I promise.  But you need help, James. None of this is what you think it is.
Look, I'm warning you.  You do anything, I'm going to go crazy -- hurt people!
Nevermind.  It's not real -- it's a hoax.  A prank.  He's hiding in a barn. Hey, turn left here.  Left!
What do you mean -- when you were a kid?
When I was a kid I identified with that kid, down there alone in that pipe...a hundred feet down -- doesn't know if they're going to save him.
Does that disturb you, James?  Thinking about that little boy in the well?
I just have to locate the virus in its original form before it mutates.  So scientists can come back and study it and find a cure.  So that those of us who survived can go back to the surface of the earth.
What will you do...when you find this...secret army?
A secret army.  The Army of The Twelve Monkeys.  I've told you about them. They spread the virus.  That's why we have to get to Philadelphia.  I have to find them -- it's my assignment.
Clues?  What kind of clues?
My notes.  Observations.  Clues.
You're flushed.  And you were moaning. I think you're running a fever.  What are you doing?
No, I think it was always you.  It's very strange.
It wasn't me before, James.  It's become me now because of...what's happening.  Please untie me.
You were very upset.  You're always very upset in the dream, but I never knew it was you before.
And I was in it?  What did I do?
About an airport...before everything happened.  It's the same dream I always have -- the only one.  I'm a little kid in it.
We dream about what's important in our lives. And I seem to have become pretty important in yours.  What was the dream about?
You were in my dream just now.  Your hair was different, but I'm sure it was you.
Ohhhh, that one!  Can we hear that one?
Did something terrible happen to you when you were a child?  Something so bad...?
Something bad.  Is that all the music? I don't want to hear this stuff...
"If something really happens"...like what, James?
My father told me that.  "Never cry wolf."  Then people won't believe you if...something really happens.
What?
"Never cry wolf!"
Everybody's got a gun.  In this city...
You'd prefer that? ... James...you don't really have a gun, do you.
You used to call me "James".
It's the next step.  I checked out the Baltimore information, it was nothing. It's Philadelphia, that's where they are, the ones who killed everyone.  Zs that a radio?  Does it play music?
Yes, I remember.  Why do you want to go to Philadelphia?
You told me you'd help me.  I know this isn't what you meant, but...I was desperate... no money...bum leg... sleeping on the streets. I probably smell bad.  Sorry about that. But then I saw your book in a store window with a notice about your lecture.  I can read, remember?
I can't believe this is a coincidence, Mr. Cole.  Have you been...following me?
1989.  Six years for you.  There's the sign!  Right here!
Cole!  James Cole!  You escaped from a locked room six years ago.
I have to do this, James.  You're very confused.
No more drugs.  Please...
It's just a shot to calm you.
Wait!  This is only 1989!  I'm supposed to be leaving messages in 1995.  It's not the right number yet.  That's the problem.  Damn!  How can I contact them?
I have the...strangest feeling I've met you before...a long time ago, perhaps. Were you ever...?
What?
James, where did you grow up?  Was it around here?  Around Baltimore?
No.  That's the reason they chose me -- I remember things.
Perhaps it was a wrong number...
It was some lady.  She didn't know anything.
1995 is the future, James.  This is 1989.
No, 1995 is the past.
You think it's July of 1995?  That's the future, James.  Do you think you're living in the future?
1995?
What year do you think it is?
What year is it?
Do you know what year it is?
July?!
July.
This is April, right?
Why do you think there aren't any germs in the air, James?
I have to go.
You're afraid of germs?
It's so clean.  No germs.
What's wonderful about the air, James?
I love this air.  This is wonderful air.
Hiding?
Underground.
A jail?  Prison?
I have to go.
You've been in an institution, haven't you, James?  A hospital?
You wouldn't understand.
Why not?  Most people have some ID.
No.
You don't have a driver's license, James?  Or a Social Security card?
They wanted identification.  I don't have any identification.  I wasn't trying to hurt them.
I see.  You don't remember assaulting a police officer...several officers?
Because I'm a good observer.  Because I have a tough mind.
Do you know why you're here, James.
I need to go.
Change what?
It won't help you.  You can't do anything about it.  You can't change anything.
What kind of information?
No, not possible.  Listen, I have to get out of here.  I'm supposed to be getting information.
Have you been a patient at County? Have I seen you someplace?
"James"!  Nobody ever calls me that.
I'm going to be completely honest.  I'm not going to lie to you.  I can't make the police let you go...but I do want to help you.  And I want you to trust me.  Can you do that, James?  May I call you "James"?
I need to go now.
Mr. Cole?  My name is Doctor Railly. I'm a psychiatrist.  I work for the County -- I don't work for the police. My only concern is your well being -- do you understand that?
No, no.  I can't talk to them.  It's called, "voice mail".  I'm supposed to leave messages. They monitor it from the present.
So you could talk to these scientists and they do what?  Send you to the future?
Scientists.  I'm supposed to report in to them.  They'll want to know they sent me to the wrong time.
Who would you call, Mr. Cole, who would straighten everything out?
No!  Look, I don't belong here!  What I need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out.
Does this bother you, Mr. Cole?
Listen, you dumb fuck!  The thing mutates We live underground!  The world belongs to the fucking dogs and cats.  We're like moles or worms.  All we want to do is study the original...
And that's when I told you my father was this famous virologist and you said, "Hey, he could make a germ and we could steal it!"
Bulishit!  You're fucking with my head!
Remember?  We were in the dayroom, watching TV, and you were all upset about the...desecration of the planet. And you said to me, "Wouldn't it be great if there was a germ or a virus that could wipe out mankind and leave the plants and animals just as they are?"  You do remember that, don't you?
Plan?  What are you talking about?
I get it!  This is your old plan, right?
I don't have time to go upstairs.  The police are looking for me.  I need to know where it is and exactly what it is.
I just need to have access to the pure virus, that's all!  For the future!
We need to talk.  Come on.  Upstairs.  I am a new person!  I'm completely adjusted.  Witness the tux.  It's Armani.  Who chattered?  Goines?  Weller?
Listen to me -- I can't do anything about what you're going to do. I can't change anything.  I can't stop you.  I just want some information...
County Hospital, right?  1989.  The "Immaculate Escape" -- am I right?  Why, thank you -- you look wonderful, too.
Monkeys.  Twelve of them.
Excuse me -- what did you say?
I'm here about some monkeys.
That would be totally out of character. Helping people is against my principles.  See, he definitely doesn't know me.  Now, I'm going to go back and listen to my father's very eloquent discourse on the perils of science WHILE YOU TORTURE THIS INTRUDER TO DEATH.
You do know me.  You helped me once.
Never saw him before in my life.  Go ahead and shoot him or torture him or whatever it is you do.
Not, "what", babe!  When!
What...???
Wooooo, they really dosed you, bro. Major load!  Listen up -- try and get it together.  Focus!  Focus!  The plan! Remember?  I did my part.
What....???
A lawsuit?  You going to sue them?
It's private.
What're you writing?  You a reporter?
You know -- your plan.
What are you talking about???
Wiping cut the human race!  That's a great idea!  But it's more of a long term thing -- right now we have to focus on more immediate goals.  I didn't say a word about "you know what".
Look at those assholes, they're asking for it!  Maybe people deserved to be wiped out!
Not as bad as what they're doing to kitty.
They hurt you!
I've managed to contact certain underlings, evil spirits, secretaries of secretaries, and assorted minions, who will contact my father. When he learns I'm in this kind of place, he'll have them transfer me to one of those classy joints where they treat you...properly. LIKE A GUEST!  LIKE A PERSON!  SHEETS! TOWELS!  LIKE A BIG HOTEL WITH GREAT DRUGS FOR THE NUT CASE LUNATIC MANIAC DEVILS...
What's that mean?
Why don't I escape, that's what you were going to ask me, right?  'Cause I'd be crazy to escape!  I'm all taken care of, see?  I've sent out word.
If you know how to escape, why don't you...?
Of course not, I never thought you were. You want to escape, right?  That's very sane.  I can help you.  You want me to, don't you?  Get you out?
I'm not crazy.
"What about the germs?"  I say.  He goes, "I don't believe in germs.  Germs are just a plot they made up so they can sell you disinfectants and soap!" Now, he's crazy, right?  Hey, you believe in germs, don't you?
In the 18th century there was no such thing!  Nobody'd ever imagined such a thing -- no sane person anyway.  Along comes this doctor...Semmelweiss, I think.  He tries to convince people... other doctors mostly...that there are these teeny tiny invisible "bad things" called germs that get into your body and make you...sick!  He's trying to get doctors to wash their hands.  What is this guy...crazy?  Teeny tiny invisible whaddayou call 'em?..."germs"!
Germs?!
A telephone call?  That's communication with the outside world!  Doctor's discretion.  Hey, if alla these nuts could just make phone calls, it could spread.  Insanity oozing through telephone cables, oozing into the ears of all those poor sane people, infecting them!  Whackos everywhere!  A plague of madness.  In fact, very few of us here are actually mentally ill.  I'm not saying you're not mentally ill, for all I know you're crazy as a loon.  But that's not why you're here.  Why you're here is because of the system, because of the economy.  There's the TV.  It's all right there. Commercials.  We are not productive anymore, they don't need us to make things anymore, it's all automated.  What are we for then?  We're consumers.  Okay, buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen. But if you don't buy a lot of stuff, you know what?  You're mentally ill! That's a fact!  If you don't buy things...toilet paper, new cars, computerized blenders, electrically operated sexual devices...  SCREWDRIVERS WITH MINIATURE BUILT-IN RADAR DEVICES, STEREO SYSTEMS WITH BRAIN IMPLANTED HEADPHONES, VOICE- ACTIVATED COMPUTERS, AND...
I need to make a telephone call.
What'd they give you?  Thorazine?  How much?  Learn your drugs -- know your doses.
Who am I supposed to shoot?
They gave you a pardon, man.  Whatdaya want?
It's about obeying, about doing what you're told.
Hey, man...
This part isn't about the virus, is it?
Hey, five minutes ago, thirty years ago! Yes, that phone call.  I been in training for this a couple a months now -- ever since I got back from that... "weird" war we were in.  You remember that?  Here, take it, man!  You could still be a hero if you'd cooperate!
The call I just made?  Five minutes ago?
The phone call, man.  The phone call.
How did you find me?
Me?  Are you kiddin?  You're the one! You were a hero, man.  They gave you a pardon!  And whadda you do?  You come back and fuck with your teeth!  Wow!
Pulling out the tooth, man, that was nuts!  Here, take this.
Jo...Jose????
Cole!  Oh, God, Cole, where are we?
JOSE!
Yes, sir.
But you know what's real now?
I couldn't call!  You sent me to the wrong year!  It was 1989.
It's a digital reconstruction of a message, Cole, from a weak signal on our contact number.  Did you make that call?
Uh, that message...me?
Well, the guard woke me up.  He told me I volunteered.
I asked you, why did you volunteer?
We'll get to the spider later, Mr. Cole.  Right now, we want to know everything that you saw.
I mashed the spider, didn't I?
And what we believe is what's accepted as "truth" now, isn't it, Owen?  Psychiatry -- it's the latest religion.  And we're the priests -- we decide what's right and what's wrong --we decide who's crazy and who isn't. ... I'm in trouble, Owen.  I'm losing my faith.
Kathryn, you know he can't possibly know that.  You're a rational person. You're a trained psychiatrist.  You know the difference between what's real and what's not.
For God sakes, Owen, listen to me -- he knew about the boy in Fresno and he says three billion people are going to die!
He kidnapped you, Kathryn.  You saw him murder someone.  You knew there was a real possibility he would kill you, too.  You were under tremendous emotional stress.
Then are you trying to tell me that a fully sedated, fully restrained patient somehow slipped out that vent, replaced the grill behind him and that he's wriggling through the ventilation system right now?
He was fully sedated!
You see what I mean?  You're being defensive.  Isn't she being defensive, Bob?
I said it was bad judgment!  What else do you want me to say?
Two policemen were already in the hospital and now we have an orderly with a broken arm and a Security Officer with a fractured skull.
Okay, it was bad judgment.  But I have the strangest feeling about him -- I've seen him somewhere and...
He should have been in restraints.  It was bad judgment on your part, plain and simple.  why not just cop to it?
I didn't think I was being defensive. I was just...
Don't be defensive, Kathryn, this isn't an inquisition.
THIS IS A FUCKING EXPERIMENT!  YOU'RE OUR HELPLESS LITTLE TEST ANIMAL, DADDY. GOT THAT?  NOW -- WHAT FUCKING VIRUS HAVE YOU COME UP WITH, YOU DEMENTED FUCKING MANIAC?
Please tell me, Jeffrey, what exactly are you going to do?  I don't have to tell you I'm afraid.
You "develop" viruses and you're calling me insane?  Typical.  What does this virus attack?  Don't tell me, you sick fuck, it doesn't matter.  Have I ever "developed" a virus?  Do I put helpless animals in cages and measure their reactions to electrical stimuli? Do I inject radioactive substances into living creatures and examine their bowel movements?  Wow!  And I'm crazy!
You're insane, Jeffrey.
What virus are we talking about, Dad?
She knew about it, Jeffrey.  She knew you were going to try this.
What...virus?
Then how come she knows what's going on?
WHO CARES WHAT PSYCHIATRISTS WRITE ON WALLS?  You think I told her about the Army of the 12 Monkeys?  Impossible!  Know why, you pathetically ineffectual and pusillanimous "pretend-friend-to- animals"?!  I'll tell you why:  because when I had anything to do with her six years ago, there was no such thing -- I hadn't even thought of it yet!
That woman is...was...your... psychiatrist?  And now she's spray- painting our building?
Ex-psychiatrist!  Now, what about flashlights?  How many flashlights...?
Your psychiatrist?  Did you just say, "your psychiatrist"?
WHY DON'T WE FORGET MY GODDAMN PSYCHIATRIST AND DEAL WITH THE TASK AT HAND.  THIS IS IMPORTANT.
No!  Absolutely not. Don't tell me anything.
You really want to know?
One dozen bolt cutters!  Whadda you gonna do with one dozen bolt cutters?
I'll be right here...just in case.
No, thank you.
James Cole.  That's everything we got.  None of the James Coles on the computer match him. No license, no prints, no warrants.  Nothing. You want me to go in with you?
Yes, please.  You said he gave a name...
You want to go in?  Examine him?
That would explain the bruises, I guess.  The struggle.
Were you listening?  We got two officers in the hospital.  Yeah, he's in restraints, plus the medic gave him enough stellazine to kill a horse.  Look at him!  Still on his feet.
You have him in restraints.
Negative for drugs.  But he took on five cops like he was dusted to the eyeballs.  No drugs.  You believe that?
He's been tested for drugs?
-- so they get there and they ask the guy real nice for some kind of i.d., and he gets agitated, starts screaming about viruses. Totally irrational, totally disoriented, doesn't know where he is, what day it is, alla that stuff.  All they got was his name.  They figure he's stoned out of his mind, it's some kinda psychotic episode, so they're gonna bring him...
Twelve Monkeys, honey.  Guess you folks didn't turn on your radio this morning.
What?  What did you say?
On your normal mornin', okay, plenty a time, but today, gotta take inta account your Army-of-the-Twelve-Monkeys factor.
Tight?  My watch says 7:30.
Might be tight.
Nine thirty
Things ain't always the way they seem. You got to ask yourself; is it worth it?
Any parting words of wisdom?
Same back at you.
No and I don't plan on sticking around either.  I don't guess I'll be seeing you again.  Take it easy.
We all got plans.  I planned on seeing all my life.  I know you didn't plan on straying into town.
Not this twig, friend.  I got plans.
More or less.
We're all just floating along like twigs in a stream, so enjoy the ride.  Is that it?
We was born to die, boy.  From the minute you take your first breath you got a death sentence hanging over your head.  You just don't know where, or when, or how.  Don't make sense worryin' about the particulars.
You don't fear death?
Afraid of it?  Boy, I live in the dark.  People are afraid of what they can't see.  I can't see nuthin', so it's all the same to me. Kiss from a beautiful woman, a lick from a dog.  The kiss of death. It's all the same.
You afraid of the dark?
Night is when you want to sleep, but the dry heat keeps you tossin' and turnin'.  It's when you wish the sun was bakin' high in the sky so you could see what it is you're afraid of.
You're a hell of a pessimist, old man.
Ain't over yet.  Night is part of day; separate, but equal.  Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark.
The day wasn't so bad.  We all got through it all right.
I won't hold my breath.
I'm a little short. I'll catch you next time.
Ain't you got a little something for the infirm?
Think you'll live that long?
Maybe one day I'll get to sit on a corner and spout wise.
That's 'cause I've done a lot of living.
You sure got a lot of philosophy, old man.
What do you want for free?
I think I've heard that before.
Or maybe you just think you do.  You can run just as far as you can, but wherever you go, there you are.
Maybe I do.
I can see just fine.  For example: You're a young man who thinks he's got someplace to be.
That a fact?
Just 'cause I ain't got eyes doesn't mean I can't see.
You sure seen a lot for a blind man.
See.  Ain't nothing I can do but keep him here beside me.  That's where he belongs anyways.  Me and Jesse, that's my dog, not anymore, but me and Jesse we been pals since the war when I lost my eyes.  He was just a pup then . . .
He no!
He's only just dead.  What was I supposed to do with him?  I can't take him away anywhere.  And nobody wants to take him for me.  Do you?
What the hell are you keeping a dead dog around for?
I hope you wasn't pettin' him none, was you?
Oh, Jesus.
That's 'cause he's dead.
I think you'd better give your pooch a sip.  He looks sick.
Christ!
Don't forget to open it for me.  I can't be opening my own bottle.
Yeah, yeah.
Get me a Dr. Peppa!  I don't want no Pepsi.  Pepsi ain't nothing but flavored water.
All right, old man.  Christ.
Change?  You want my change?  I fought the war and lost my eyes just so I could give you my change?
Yeah, sure.  You got change?
Don't be sorry.  Just run over there and get me my pop before I die of thirst.
I said I was sorry.
Lost my eyes on Okinawa.  Lost them fighting the war.  Fought the war and lost my eyes just so you could come around here and make fun of me.
Christ no!
I ain't got no eyes.  You want to see?
I don't know.  I thought you were keeping the sun from your eyes.
What'd you think I was doing out here with these glasses on?  Sunnin' myself?
I'm sorry, I didn't--
Hell no, I can't do that myself. I'm blind.  Can't you see that?
You can't do that yourself?
Yeah I want something.  I want you to run over to that machine and get me a pop.
You want something?
Don't call me old man.  Ain't you got no respect, boy?
You want something, old man?
Hey!  You there!
I'm a rich man off of thirty bucks?
That's my morning's pay.
Thirty-bucks?  That's it?
Next city you're in take it to a jeweler.  He won't give you less than four-hundred for it.
Never heard of it.  It's got no day or date.  Hell, it ain't even got numbers.  What's the matter?  You couldn't afford a Timex?
It's a Movado.
I'll bet my watch against your pay.
You want to make a kiddies bet?
Nothing.
Well, a man with some gumption.  How much money you got?
I'll take a piece of that bet. I say it doesn't come up five times each side.
Put your money where your chicken- lipped mouth is.  I'll bet this mornings pay I'm right.
I got more brains than you've got teeth.
And what are you?  A rocket scientist?
No it won't.  You just don't know shit about statistics.
It will.
A coin's got two sides.  When you flip it there's a fifty-fifty chance it'll be heads or tails.  Boyd thinks if you flip a coin ten times half the time it'll come up each side.
It is not.
It's nonsense.
You got two years on me.  What's that make me?
You ain't nothing but an old fool.
Will be.
Hundred and eight ain't a hundred and thirteen.
Hundred and eight already.
One-hundred-thirteen degrees.  That was back in July of forty-seven. Now there ain't no way it's gonna be hotter than that.
I'll give you the money!  Okay? I'll give you two-fifty.  Just . . . just, please.
Please, you don't understand.  I have to get out of here.  They're going to come looking for me. They're going to kill me.  If I can't get this ticket then I'm going to have to do things to get out of here.  I don't want to hurt anybody, I just want to leave.
Yeah.  Just a little short. Figures.  I just wanted to get out, that's all.
I'm sorry, sir.  It's thirty dollars for the ticket.
I bought a beer.  That was two- fifty.  I bought a beer, otherwise I would have thirty.
The ticket is thirty dollars.
Twenty-seven, fifty.  That's all I got.
Thirty even.
One way.
One way, or round trip?
How much.
We have a bus to Mexico.  Arrives in two hours.  Have to make a couple of connections, but it will get you across the border.
I don't care, just get me there.
Where in Mexico would you like--
I . . . Mexico.  You got a bus that goes to Mexico?  That's where I have to go.
But, in particular?
Out of here.
Where to?
I need a ticket.
Can I help you, sir?
Honest like Al Capone on tax day. Where are my keys?
I don't want no dirty money.  I run an honest business.
What's it to you?
Two-hundred dollars in hundred- dollar bills.  And this morning you was broke.
You got the money?
I want my car.
What the hell . . . oh it's you. Might've figured.  What do you want?
Come back when the sun comes up.
It is morning.
We're closed.  Come back in the morning.
Open up!
What you want?
There you go, sweet talking me again.
Goddamn you!  You son of a bitch!
Yeah, you better remember that.
Please, just leave the car alone.
What's the matter?  The fight gone out of you?  I'm just gonna smash a headlight.  Maybe two.
No!
You listen to me, you fancy city man.  You owe me money, and this car ain't going nowheres until I get it. And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on her.  Now get out of here!  You're stinking up my garage.
I'm taking my car, and I'm taking it now!
Take it.  As soon as I get my money. Fifty dollars for an almost new gasket.  You don't know what kind of a deal you're getting.
Listen you stupid fuck, I want my car.
Is that an insult?  Are you insulting me.
What reputation?  You're nothing but an ignorant, inbred, tumble weed hick.
Well, now, you just know all there is about bein' a mechanic, don't you?  I can't do unauthorized work. I suppose I can just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket.  Then you get in an accident and get killed.  Or worse.  Who they gonna blame then?  They gonna blame me, and there goes my reputation.
I didn't tell you to do it!  You can't just do unauthorized work.
Yeah, but it was shot.
I didn't tell you to replace any gasket.
Yep.  For the hose.  But while you was gone I replaced a gasket. That's going to run you another fifty.
You said this morning the hose was going to run me one-fifty.
It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars.
What?
Two-hundred.
Listen, Darrell, about that hundred- fifty bucks for the car, as soon as I get where I'm going I swear I'll--
No charge.
That's a good piece of advice, Darrell.
You think bad, and bad is what you get.
You believe that?
Hell, I've had days I would gladly trade with a whippin' dog.  Ain't much you can do when you feel like that 'cept tough it out.
You've been there?
One of those days you feel like you been runnin' in circles and you ain't no closer to where you tryin' to get than when you started?
Yeah, well, I've been around the bend a bit.
Hey there.  I was beginnin' to think you wasn't comin' back.  You don't look so good.
Sweet talk me all you want, I still want my hundred-forty-five dollars.
You son of a bitch!
Now that's too bad.  I sure hope you know how to wash dishes or shovel shit 'cause you're gonna have to work this one off.
I don't have a credit card.  They took my wallet.
Then you're only a hundred-forty- five in the hole.  Now why don't you just take your Visa Express Silver Card, call Karl Malden and have him send you the money lickity split.
Listen, man.  I got rolled half and hour ago for everything I had.
Then you ain't gonna have the car.
It might as well be fifteen-hundred dollars, because I don't have the money.
I don't know, but it's the reason I'm living here and you're just passing through.  Now you owe me a hundred-fifty dollars.
What's that got to do with the radiator hose?
That's not just a Ford, that's a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang.
That's a Ford, not a Ferrari.  You going to tell me no one else in this shit hole drives a Ford?
That's about an hour and a half longer than I usually spend looking for parts.  You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.  What you expect but fancy damn prices?
About an hour and a half, because that's all the longer I've been gone.
A God damn radiator hose in a sixty- four-and-a-half Mustang.  You know how long it took me to find that hose?
To replace a God damn radiator hose!?
Hundred-fifty.
How much!?
Well . . . parts, labor . . . let's call it a hundred-fifty bucks.
How much?
She's all yours. Put a new hose in it, and she runs like a dream now.
Look, I just want to pick up my car.
Another accident?  You got to be more careful.
Just banged my head.  It was an accident.
Don't look like nothing.
Nothing.
Hey, your . . . what the hell happened to you.
Hey.
Just a car.
I'll be back in a couple of hours. And be careful with her, will you?
Truck stop up a piece.  Not much, but us simple folk like it.
Yeah, right.  Someplace in this dust bowl I can get something to drink?
You got to be more careful.  I remember one time--
Accident.
Ninety-two.  Only gonna get hotter. I remember one time . . .
Jesus.  Twenty-after-ten and it must be ninety already.
Twenty-after-ten.
What time is it now?
Time.
How much time?
Yeah, I can fix it.  Gotta run over to the yard and see if I can find a hose like this one, or close enough. Gonna take time.
Hey!
Okay, I'm stuck.  You happy?  Now can you fix it, or not?
Somewhere else?  Mister somewhere else is fifty miles from here.  How you planning on getting it there? You gonna push this heap yourself?
If I could do you think I'd be standing here wasting my time.  Can you fix it, or do I have to go somewhere else?
Well, you know so much why don't you just fix it yourself?
I know it's busted.  What did I just tell you?
It's your radiator hose.  It's busted.
Look, pal, I've got places to be. Could you just take a look at my radiator hose.  It's busted.
That'll make five in a row.  Never seen it so hot.  Sometimes I don't even want to get out of bed.  I'd rather just lay there and try to catch a breeze.  I was in Mexico this one time--
Damn.  Gonna be another hot one today.
You want to take a look at my car? I think the radiator hose is--
So?
But he's dead.
'Cause Harlin used to own it.
Then why do you call it Harlin's?
Yep.
You own this place?
Doubt it.  He's dead.  The Look Out's a cemetery.
Will he be back soon?
He's up at the Look Out.
Harlin around?
Nope.  Darrell.
You Harlin?
You want somethin'?
Yeah, I'll try.
Shasta!  Now why'd you go and scare the nice man like that?  Sorry about that, hon.  Enjoy your beer, and try to have a nice day.
Yeah, give me the Miller.
No.  We got Miller.  Regular Miller. You want it, or don't you?
Genuine Draft?
No, we ain't got no Kirin.  We got Miller.
Kirin?
We ain't got no Beck's.
Let me have a Beck's.
What would a truck stop be without beer?
You got beer?
Now that you're so well off, can I get you something, Hon?
It'd serve you right.  Jose, run get a mop and clean this mess up.
I think I burned my gun hand!
Ned!  Now look at what you done! Are you all right?
Flo, I'm just gonna help myself to a refill on the coffee.
Let me get your change.
Baby didn't die.  Just froze off all it's finger and toes.  Just a little fingerless, toeless boy now.  But the husband; he sees what the wife's done, so after he saves the baby he locks the wife in the refrigerator to see how she likes it.  Now she died.
Lord!  Put the baby in the icebox. Killed the poor thing.
'Cept that she lost her money and the sons of bitches stole her wedding ring.  That's when she started shooting.  Can't blame her. The ring was all Carlos left her when he died.
Poor thing.  Is she all right?
You pay Toby no mind.  He just likes to show off for his girl.  Give him a couple of hours, he'll cool off. Still want that beer?
More like Jenny is after every man she sees.
You know how that Toby is.  Thinks every man he sees is after his Jenny.
What was that all about?
Sheriff Potter.
That wasn't so bad.  What's thirty- some-thousand to rich folks like you?  It didn't hurt a bit.
John--
There you go, Mrs. McKenna.  Just put it in there.
Can't I?  You're out in the desert, all alone, with a body in your trunk.  What do you think, boy?
Don't tell him anything.  He can't do this.
. . .at the very least.  I know there was more than thirty-thousand dollars.  Now, how much did you get?
Same thing you want.  I want to be out of Sierra; to be able to do as I please.  But that takes money.
What do you want?
For the love of God would you two give it a rest?  Lord almighty.  In all my years I have never seen anything so pathetic.  How far did you think you were going to get with this?  Neither one of you can wait to slit the others throat.  Now use what little smarts you got.  If I was going to bust you I wouldn't have waited until after you killed Jake.
He killed him, Sheriff!  I couldn't stop him!  He made me come with him. He told me if I said a word he would kill me too.
Is that the way you want it, boy?  A bullet in the head in the middle of the desert?  Ends like this and you won't be able to spend a dime of that blood money.
John . . .
I could do that.  'Course we'd have to go back into town.  There'd be a whole crowd of people around when the trunk was opened.  A whole crowd of witnesses.  That wouldn't be too pretty, now would it?
I . . .
Is that right?  Can't say as I blame you for wanting to head out for a bit.  I know I've had my fill of this town.  Sixteen years I've been the law and order here.  So long I forgot why I ever wanted the job in the first place.  Help people, I guess.  Keep the peace.  Problem is there's so much peace around here they don't much need me.  Got a lot of speeders, but they're speeding through miles of nothing so I can't hardly blame them.  Other than that, well, there ain't much to steal.  I reckon that the last big crime we had was, what would you say Mrs. McKenna?  A murder?
I had a fight with Jake.  I . . . I just wanted to get away for awhile. Mr. Stewart was kind enough to take me as far as Montrose.  I'm going to take a bus to my sister's.  I thought I'd stay with her for a few days.
Taking a little trip?
Yes.  Yes it is.
That yours, Mrs. McKenna?
Jake.  No.  No!
What are you afraid of?  I'm the one's got the gun.  Stay here.
Oh my God, Jake, no.  If it is someone they'll go away.  Or call the police.  Don't go out there.
When did you buy a gun?
What does it look like?
Jake, what is that?
The wind isn't blowing.
I don't hear anything.  You were dreaming.  Or maybe the wind blew something over.
There's someone in the house.
How could I?  I was sleeping.
You didn't hear something?
What's the matter?
Nothing, Jake.  Absolutely nothing.
What the hell you looking at, girl?
Uh-huh
I picked them out for you, Jake.  I thought you would like the colors.
They look nice.
You haven't even looked at them once.
They look nice.
You never said anything.  About the drapes.
I know.  I was here when your apprentice was helping you. Remember?
I put up new drapes, Jake.
You spent a long time talking for a wrong number.  But then you make friends so easily.  Don't you, Grace?
Wrong number.
Who was that on the phone?
Who the hell is this!?
Jake.  I thought you would be at work, dear.
Fuck you!  Do you hear me, John!? Fuck you!  John . . . John!?
What do you say, Jake?  Should we trust her?  No?  I didn't think so.
For Christ's sake, John!  Throw me the keys!
At least I'll have company when I die.  Ain't that right, Jake?
You idiot!  You'll kill us both!
Yeah, they'll find you.  Dried up and twice dead.
Someone will find me.
Walk to where?  We're fifty miles to the nearest town.  It's going to be over one-hundred degrees today.  How far do you think you're going to get?
John, if you don't throw me the keys, then I'll just walk away. Walk away and leave you here.
Why don't you come down and get them so I can wring your pretty little neck?
Throw me the keys and I'll pull you up.
And you're not one to lie, are you?
No.  I swear it.
Bullshit, Grace.  You were going to drive off and leave me here.
I was going to back the car to the ridge and pull you up.
You closed it, didn't you, Grace?
It's . . . it's locked.
It's not locked.  I left it open when I took out Jake's body.
The trunk.  It's locked.
What for?
John, throw me the keys.
John, you have to throw the keys up to me.
Where the hell am I going to go?
John!  Can you hear me?  Are you still there?
I'll get it.
Grace, listen to me.  In the trunk of my car is a rope.  It should reach down here.  Got get it, throw it down and I'll climb up.
I'm here.
I can't make it.  Grace?  Grace!?
Can you climb back up.
I think I busted my leg.
Are you all right?
Grace!
John!
I think you're a lying, back stabbing bitch.  But it's nice to know you care.
I don't want to go to Mexico, John. I want to be with you.  Don't you think I care about you?
Why?  So when the cops catch up with us you can try and sell me out again?  You take your hald of the money and run.  You might want to try Mexico.  With all that dough you'll live like a queen.
But I want to say with you,
The police don't know that.  And it's going to be hard to explain it to them with a noose around your neck.  I'll take you as far as California.  If we can even make that.  After that I'm cutting you loose.
He was a crooked bastard.  He would have killed us.
<u>We</u> killed Jake.  And it's a big difference.  You kill an old man, that's one thing.  Nobody cares about an old man.  You kill a cop and they never stop looking for you. Never.
What difference does it make?  You killed Jake.
Are you kidding?  I'm not going down with you for killing a cop.
But you said we could be together.
Now we dump Jake, split the money, then you're on your own.
Now what?
Well, nothing.
You could give me the gun.
Is that the kind of girl you think I am?  What can I do to make you relax?
You killed a man for no reason!
You're tense.  What are you all uptight about?
I know.  He was to take the fucking money.
He was going to--
Jesus, Grace.  Did you have to kill him?
Just drive.
You're crazy, you know that!? You're fucked up!?
It's our money.  He had no right to take it.
Thirty-thousand, that's all.  We would have been free and clear.  You didn't have to kill him.
He was going to take the money.
You killed him!
I shot him.
He can kill us.  I don't know about you, but my life is worth thirty- thousand dollars.
He can't prove anything, John.  He can't turn us in.
You heard me.  Count it out.
What?
Give him the money.
It doesn't matter.  He was there and he let it happen.  He can't take us in.
Not me.  Us.
That's all talk.  He's got nothing on us.  He let you kill Jake.
No, you just wanted me to keep my mouth shut so I could go to a hanging alone.
Damn you!  What did you do that for? He can't prove anything.
One-hundred-thousand dollars.  A little more.
You liar!  You wanted him dead.  You seduced me into killing him!
Sheriff Potter, please.  I can't go to jail.  I wanted no part of it.
Grace!  Just . . . let me handle this.  Sheriff, I'm telling you there's nothing in that trunk.  If that's not good enough for you, then I'd be happy to open it.  Just as soon as you get yourself a search warrant.
John . . .?
Funny thing.
Had push it in.  Funny thing; it wouldn't start.
Yeah.  Good thinking.
I got the money all packed.  I put the jeep in the garage.  Figure that way people will think maybe me and Jake went away.  Might buy us some time.
I . . . nothing.  I just stubbed my toe on a rock.  Hurt like hell . . . that's all.
John!?  What the hell's the matter with you?
Put some clothes on him.  When I get back We'll load him in the trunk and dump him in the desert.  It'll takes days for anybody to find him.
Wait.  What about . . . him?
To get my car.
Where are you going?
Get it, and put the money in it. Pack up anything else you want to take with you.
Never needed one.  I've never been anywhere.  I've got a backpack.
You got a suitcase?
Let him watch.  I want him to know what he's missing.
What about him?
Let's do it here.
No.
Let's go in the bedroom.
We're going all the way.  Together.
If you want.
I told you.  I knew it was there. Didn't I tell you?
There's easily a hundred-thousand in there.  More than that.
Don't yell at me!  I know it's here! I know it!
You're calling Jake stupid?  You!?
If it isn't here, why would he wear that stupid key?
This is good.  This is real good. This is so good they might not even charge us with murder when they catch us.  They'll probably just lock us up for being idiots.
It's got to be here.  I heard him talk about it.  He bragged about it. Six steps out, three left.
There isn't!  There's nothing under here but more floor.  Jesus fucking Christ!  We killed a man for nothing but floor.
There has to be!
Nothing.  There's no safe under here.
Don't yell at me!
Oh, that's great.  We killed Jake because you heard him talk about some money that you've never seen. That's fucking brilliant!
I'm not sure where it is.  Not exactly.  I never saw it.  I just heard him talk about it.
You don't know?  Jesus Christ! Don't you think you should have found out before we killed him?
I don't know.
Where's the safe?
You could have hit him, or kneed him in the balls.
What was I supposed to do?
Why the hell didn't you do anything?
After dark.  I'll leave the back door unlocked.
Grace . . . Grace?
We don't have to kill him.  Just knock him out and tie him up 'till we get away.
You said you couldn't kill anybody.
The only reason I stormed off is because you sort of spooked me talking about Jake.  But I've had nothing but time to think about it. It keeps coming back to you and me and us getting the hell out of here. But we've got to get the money, baby.  We get the money, I get the car, then we get the hell out.
I came back for you; this morning I came back.  Before I even knew about the money. You're what I want.
Are you sure?  About me, I mean?
I don't give a damn about the money. I want you, and I want to get us out of this shithole.  There's only one way to do that.
Is that what changed your mind?  The money?
I could if I had Jake's money.
I thought you couldn't leave.  I thought you couldn't get your car.
I mean it, Grace.  I'm getting out of here, and I want to take you with me.
Because I know you're full of shit.
Why?  Am I making you hot, or does the truth scare you?
Stop it.
I've thought about you every second since I left.  I can still taste you on my lips.
Except I can't get you out of my head, Grace.
There is no us, remember?
What about us?
I don't think we have anything to talk about.
I wanted to talk.
I thought you would be on your way to Vegas by now.  Is there something you wanted?
Jesus Christ!  Listen to yourself! I can't do it, Grace.  I can't do it.
It's not like he's a young man. He's had time to live.
Shit!
Is it so bad?  It would be quick. He wouldn't even have to feel it.
Kill someone.  I can't do it.
What are you talking about?
I don't know what I was thinking, but I can't do it.
John, please--
I think this heat is making me crazy.  I was crazy to come back here, I'm crazy for listening to anyone in this town, and I'd sure as hell be crazy if I spent another minute in this place.
John?  John where are you going?
We'd have to kill him.
If the key's on him, to get the key we'd have to . . .
It's not a combination lock.  It takes a key.  He keeps it on him all the time.  I mean all the time.  It scratches up against me when we do it.
I . . . nothing.  Just something he said.  So if the money's in a safe we'd have to get the combination--
Lied?  What do you mean?
One-hundred-thousand!?  That son-of- a-bitch lied to me.
Near as I can figure must be about a hundred-thousand.
How much money has he got?
Yeah, a bird in a gilded cage.
You live pretty good.
He's got money.  In a floor safe in the living room.  I've never seen it, but he talks about it all the time.  More like brags.  He loves his money.  Wouldn't think of spending some of it on me.
From?
He doesn't give it to us.  We take it.
You think Jake's going to give me money just so I can take you out of here?
Jake.
Where?
I know where we could get the money. A lot more than one-hundred-fifty dollars.
Grace, I can't.  I can't even get out of here myself.  I need a hundred-fifty bucks to get my car back from that crazy mechanic.
Please.  I won't hang on you.  As soon as we get there you can dump me.  I don't care.  I just want to get out of here.
I can't.
Take me with you.
Beautiful.  Beautiful beaches.  Blue water and clear skies as far as you can see.
Is it pretty?
Yeah.
Have you ever been there before?
From here?  I don't know.  Far.  Far enough.
How far is it to California?
Whatever it takes.
Is that so bad?  It's not like I wouldn't try to make him happy.  For awhile, anyway.  I mean, I would . . . do things for him.  I guess I'm no good that way.  I guess I tried to sucker you along like that.  Do you hate me for it?  I wouldn't blame you if you did.  But maybe it's like you said:  You just got to do whatever it takes to get out.
You need a meal ticket is what you mean.  Some guy you can latch onto just long enough for him to get you out of here.
It's not that easy.  Maybe you can take chances; maybe you can wander around like some stray wherever you please.  I can't.  I don't want to be alone.  I need to know I'm going to be taken care of.
You just walk away.
I don't know how.
You could just leave him.
All this nothing?  I've spent my life in this stinking desert.  It doesn't get to Jake like it got to me.  He doesn't mind being out here. He doesn't mind being nothing but a land broker.  Big fish in a small pond, he says.  More like a little fish in a dried up watering hole.
I'm still here, aren't I?  See this?
And I take it things didn't much work out the way you planned.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
I'm guessing no.
Depends on what you call love.  When I was growing up I had nothing.  I learned to want everything.  I wanted more than Sierra anyway. Jake was my ticket.  He's not much; he's older than me, different than me, but he's got more money than half this town put together.  I courted him.  I let him think he was courtin' me, but I reeled him in like a fish on a line.  I wanted him.  I wanted what he could give me, and I would've done anything to get him.  Is that love?
Did you ever?
No.
You love him?
Yeah, but I like the sun.  I grew up on a reservation.  The sun, the desert; they were like a religion to us.  Jake's the same way.  He loves the desert.  I guess we're alike that way.  That's about the only way.
Doesn't the heat bother you?
If he says that's what happened, Jake, it must be true.
Damn it, Grace!  Tell him.
Maybe I just want to hear you say it.
You know what I want.
That's not an answer.  What is it you want?
Still playing?
You never did answer my question.
I'm just flesh and blood, baby. That and a few memories of bad women; just like most guys.  But you already know that.  You read my fortune.  Thanks for the lemonade.
Maybe I like to find out about a man first.  Maybe I like to know what he's made of.
I think I can find my own way back to into town.
Really?  And what game did you want to play?  You carry my box for me, and I fall into bed with you?
You flirt with me, then you run cold.  You lead me on, then slap me down.  I don't go for being jerked around.
Games?
All right, Grace.  No more games.
Such as?
I have ideas.
No more drapes to hang.  Now what should we do?
Nothing like a little liveliness.
I like them.  I was sick of looking at this room.  I think they add a little life.
Like they're made of polyester.
Beautiful?
Like you.
You can let go of me now.  I'm safe.  How do they look.
Lift me down.
What?
There.  All done.  Lift me down.
The same thing you do.
It tells me what every face tells me.  Everybody has a past, they have a pain, and they have something they want.  What is it you want?
My face tell you all that?
Come here.
Nice house for a Shaman's daughter. You must be good.
Those are white words, not ours.
A medicine man?
From my father.  He was the tribe's Shaman.
Where'd you learn to do that?
A little of this, a little of that. Mostly I tell fortunes.
What do you do anyway?
I guess it must.
Must get kind of lonely for a woman living by herself in a big house.
Thank you.
Nice place you got here.
Good, 'cause I liked what I saw.
I guess.  I've got an ego same as any man.
Did you like it; me watching you?
I didn't say it bothered me.
I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to.
That's good.  Cools you right off.  I saw you watching me.
I couldn't stay in this place.  I wouldn't.  I'd just pick up, do whatever I had to do, and get out.
Somewhere else.  I've never been anywhere else.  Just once.  Years ago.  Went to the state fair.  It was nice, but it wasn't nothing.
I pack up and go somewhere else.
What happens if you lose?
If you're going to gamble, might as well play for high stakes.
You just travel around, no direction, no steady work.  You must like taking chances.
I don't know.  I have to make a stop in Vegas.  Business to finish.  Then maybe I'll head to Santa Barbara.  I might be able to pick up some work there.
Where you headed?
I guess I've got wander in my blood.
You've been around.
All over.  Chicago, Miami, Detroit. Just lately Albuquerque.
Where you coming from?
And here I've made you all hot and sweaty.
Not until my car's fixed.  I don't know how long that's going to take.
Least you can leave.
Yeah, my luck.  I get to be stuck out here in this hole in the desert.
Good luck it didn't happen a few miles back.  Maybe they never would have found you.  Day like today you'd be dead for sure.
Didn't have a choice.  My car overheated up the road.
Drove into Sierra?  What for?
I just drove in this morning.
You don't have that dead look in your eyes like the only thing you live for is to get through the day.
Why you say that?  Just because I help a lady with her package?
You're not from around here, are you?
You're welcome, Grace.
Thank you, John.
I . . . can't . . . argue . . .
'Course they cost a little more than I should really be spending.  But, damn it, I don't hardly ever do anything nice for myself.  I deserve nice things.
Yes, I have.
I saw these in the Penny's catalog, and I just knew I had to have them. You ever seen something and just knew you had to have it?
That a fact?
I just got tired of looking at the old drapes.  Had them long as I can remember.
It's nothing.  Really.
That's all right.  I got it.
Oh, this isn't my car.  It's down a ways.  I should have parked closer. I just didn't think it would be so heavy.  I could drive up.
Wasn't nothing.
No trouble at all, really.
It's very nice of you to help me. That package is kind of heavy, and it's so hot.
You should be more careful.
Accident.
What happened to your hand?
No, I've got it.
Do you want me to carry your pack for you?
I got it.
You sure you can manage?
Jesus.
May I carry your package, Grace?
It's Grace.
My cup runneth over, beauti--
You're pretty full of yourself, aren't you?
Maybe, but if you didn't I think you would have kept on walking.
Maybe I don't want you to.
I don't know your real name.
Do you have to call me that?
My name is John.  Now I'm not a stranger anymore.  See how easy it is for us to get to know each other, beautiful?
My mother told me never to accept offers from strangers.
That's right on my way.
I'm just going to my car.
Can I give you a hand, beautiful?
Two-hundred dollars . . . that's how I put a price on murder.
Two-hundred dollars.
You know what kind of woman Grace is.  You know how badly she wants to get the fuck out of Sierra.  What makes you think when you were planning on killing her she wasn't doing the same for you?  What's she to you, Jake; a woman who would have you dead?  Let me kill her.  All I want is two-hundred dollars to get out of here with.
You'd tell me anything to save your pathetic life.
Think about it.  How do you think I got in here?  Did you hear any glass break?  Did you hear a door splinter?  How did the evening end? After you went to bed did she linger a bit?  Maybe just long enough to leave the back door unlocked?  Is that what happened?
What are you babbling about?
It's not me you have to worry about. It's her.  She wants you dead, Jake. She wants you dead and she wants your money.
Not from where I stand.
I don't blame you.  What man would? I admit it, okay?  I came back here and I made it with Grace.  But if you kill me you're making a big mistake.
You're right.  I don't give a damn about her.  But to fuck a man's wife behind his back?  That just makes a fool out of him.  I don't like being made a fool of.
What difference does it make if I slept with her.  You don't care about Grace.
A drifter, a loner, a trouble maker like you?  Just passing through town, need money so he busts in on an, old man.  Only this old man's got himself an automatic, and he knows how to use it.  A man's got to protect his home.  His wife.  You're dead, boy, and your own mother wouldn't convict me.
What are you . . . you can't . . . you can't kill me.
Sense?  If I had any sense I would have killed you this morning and been done with it.
You're not talking sense.
Is that what happened?  Did you even make it out to the desert, or did you just ply the afternoon between my sheets?
Christ, Jake, please--
Then maybe this afternoon.  When I sent you to kill my wife you ended up sexing her instead.
Nothing happened with me and Grace this morning.
Don't Jake me, boy!  It's a big house.  Odd that you would know your way, except maybe you've been in the bedroom before.  Maybe with Grace to keep you company.
Come on, Jake--
This morning when I came in on you and Grace, you swore you hadn't so much as been near the bedroom.  Now you make straight for it.
Wh . . . what are you talking about?
I'm curious about something.  I'm wondering just how it is you happen to know where the bedroom's at.
Damn it, Jake.  If I don't get out of here some guys are going to come gunning for me.  And if it comes down to me or Grace, then I pick Grace.  You were going to give me thirteen-thousand.  Give me two- hundred.  I'll kill her and dump the body where no one will ever find it. But I need the money.  I've got to have the money.
That's a lot of talk.  A whole lot of talk.
Yeah, well, a couple of hours ago I just about killed some guy over a girl.  Not for money, for a girl. And she was just going to stand there and let it happen, or let him kill me.  Same way Grace played us this morning.  I don't like that, Jake.  Not twice in one day.  And maybe I'm so pissed I'd twist the next off my own Grandma to get out of here.
That's a thick change of heart.
It's the truth, Jake.
Liar.
I came to kill her.
You came to take my wife from me?
I came for Grace.
There's another reason?  It better be good.
That's not the reason I'm here.  I swear it.
And then with Jake out of the way you could borrow two-hundred dollars.  Or maybe two-thousand.  Or twenty-thousand.  Who's to stop you? Not Jake McKenna, 'cause old Jake would be dead.
Jake--
You thought you'd come in here in the middle of the night and wham! Wail off and clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper.
Wait a minute.  Just listen to me--
Maybe you heard old Jake's got some money stashed away and you thought you'd help yourself to a little.
It's not like that.
Fifty dollars more.  That's a lot of money when you don't have a dime. And where'd you plan on getting the money from?  Maybe you thought you'd pay your friend Jake McKenna a visit.
He did more work on the car.  He wants fifty bucks extra for it.
Darrell giving you problems?
You could say.  I don't even have it yet.
Trouble with the car again?
Yeah, well, me too.
No.
Maybe not this time, but somebody's going to get dead around you.
That's what I like about you, Jake. You're an honest man.
All I have in the world.
You think that's a lot of money?
Thirteen-thousand dollars.  Had you done it.  Isn't that what we agreed on?
Jake, how much were you going to pay me to do the job?
SHUT UP!
And next time, next time somebody is going to get dead.
Drop it, Jake.
Came close this time and it scares you.
Shut up.
I hate loving her.  I hate the kind of her person she is.  I hate having to tolerate the little games she plays.  I hate letting her use me. But I love her too much to do otherwise.  And I certainly love her too much to kill her.  I couldn't stand to watch her eyes roll back in her head as she sucks her last breath, or to see her pretty pink brains spill from her skull.  But you?  You got the killing in you, boy.
You love her, but you hate her?
I guess I have what you'd call a love-hate relationship with Grace.
You know so much about killing why don't you do it yourself?
I know all right.  I know you're just enough of a shit to have a go at bedding a man's wife.  You've probably bagged a few at that. You'd probably lie, cheat and steal without thinking twice.  From that you'd just turn and walk away.  But to kill; to get that blood on your hands.  You can't wash that off. You'd be a marked man for life. Just like Cain.  And you're a sinner who wants to walk with the saints. Ain't that right, boy?
You know what I mean.
You're out in the desert, the middle of nowhere with no one around for miles, and you say the time wasn't right?  What's the matter?  You were hoping to get it on home video?  A keepsake for the grandkids.  Thank God I waited, or I never would have gotten it on tape.
The time wasn't right.
You didn't kill her?
No.
Is the job done?
I went to your place.  We talked, just like you told me.  We drove out into the desert . . .
And tell her what?
This is what you do:  Go to the house to see her.
Be quiet, boy.  I'm thinking.  It can't be done at the house.  It should be . . .
You want to do this yourself?  I don't have to do this, you know.
How the hell should I know?  I've never had a wife killed before.  I guess I should have hired a professional.
What should I do?
The sooner it's over, the sooner you're on your way.  Now listen to me:  It's got to look like an accident; that's the thing.  If it doesn't, then it's no good.  I won't get a dime, and it's my neck that'll be on the chopping block while you're living it up somewhere.
I guess I might as well get this done with.
If you can't trust the man you've hired to kill your wife . . .?
Do we shake hands?
Don't say that.  I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead.  Well, looks like we got ourselves a pact.
I'm not your boy, Jake.  I don't like you, and I don't like what you are.  I got no choice but to do business with you.  This is just a nasty little marriage of convenience.
You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you.
You're not buying a car, for Christ sake.  You're having your wife killed.  I'm the one who's neck is stuck out.  It's thirteen, or it's nothing.
That's a bit much.
I need thirteen.
Maybe . . . ten-thousand.  And that's a maybe.
How much could you get?
Twenty-thousand?  I don't have that kind of money.  I won't get the insurance until months after she's dead.  I don't imagine you'll want to be around after poor Grace's demise.  Twenty-thousand; that's more money than I could ever get my hands on.
Make it twenty.
I put it at fifty-thousand dollars, minus your cut, of course.  Which is?
How do you put a price on murder?
Just to get out of here?  That doesn't seem much for a murder.
For that I'd kill a nun on Easter Sunday.
And for that you'd kill Grace?
This morning I didn't know how badly I'd want to get out of this fucking town.
Let's say I do want her dead.  What is it you want?  This morning you weren't a killer.
The slimy bastard who's going to do it for you.
And what does that make you?
Because I think you're a slimy bastard who would have his wife killed just to get his hands on some money.
What makes you say that?
You meant it.
A man doesn't always mean the things he says.
Bullshit.  You wanted me to kill her.
That was just loose talk.  I don't want anybody dead.
You're the one who brought it up. This morning.  In your car.
You're talking like a mad man.
I'm not rambling.
I think this heat's getting to you the way you're rambling on.
Don't play simple with me, Jake. You want me to spell it out for you? I'll kill Grace if you cut me in on the money.
I did?
You said you'd cut that up with the man who did her in.
I do.
You said you had an insurance policy out on your wife.  Fifty-thousand dollars.
About what you said this morning.
Sweet Grace?  What about her?
About things.  About your wife.
Talk?  About what?
I was hoping we could talk.
Now what can I do for you?
Isn't that illegal?
I do all right.  Real estate isn't a bad game such as it is around here. The trick is to underestimate the price when you buy it, and overvalue when you sell.  You can turn a few dollars that way.
Nice office you've got.
You just seem to attract trouble, don't you?
I had a problem getting my car back.
I'm surprised to see you.  I thought you'd be halfway to Vegas by now.
No.
Hungry?
No.
Another accident?  You've really got to be more careful.  Can I get you a drink?
Just ran into a little trouble.
Good Lord.  What happened to you?
This is a joke, right?  You just want to rattle me.  Right?
How do you know if you've never tried?
I'm not a murderer, Mr. McKenna.
Because I'm sick and tired of her little games.  Because you could do it and drift away on your boat and no one would ever see you again. Because I've got a fifty-thousand dollar life insurance policy on her, and I would be more than happy to give the man who does her in a good chunk of it.
Why would I kill her?
Would you kill her?
Would I what?
Would you?
Mad like a dog in heat, I bet you were.  I can tell you got a temper on you.
Like you don't know.
I bet she led you on good, didn't she?  Taking you up to the house with that smile of hers.  Bet she wiggled her ass in your face more than once.  Then me busting in like some wild bear.  Bet you had a fire going under you.
Can't live with them, and you can't shoot 'em.
She does at that.  I knew when I married her she was a free spirit. A woman with her looks and a man my age; what was I to expect?  But you see a woman like that in a town like this and you don't think, you do. So, I married her.  What are you to do, eh?  Women.
That's the sweat of a man who hasn't an honest bone in his body.  Don't be offended, lad.  A man who's got no ethics is a free man.  I envy you that.  Beside, I can hardly blame you.  That Grace has a mind of her own, and a body to match, don't she? Eh?
Hey!
Ah, I can smell it on you.
Wait a second--
It wouldn't have made a difference to you, now would it?  Not a wit. Do you know why?  Because you're a man without scruples.
I hope so.  Listen, Mr. McKenna, about your wife:  If I had known she was married--
You a sailor man?  That'd be the life.  Drive across the country, step on a boat and just sail away. A man could pretty well disappear like that.  Just sail away until all he was was a memory.  I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile.
Got work.  I know a man who's got a boat.  Wants me to sail it for him.
Live there?
I've got to make a stop in Vegas, then I'm heading to Santa Barbara.
Where you headed?
My car overheated.  I pulled in to have it fixed.
What brings you to Sierra?
John Stewart.
I'm a solid man.
Jake McKenna.  That's a solid name.
I guess we've never been introduced proper.  Jake McKenna.
Yeah, I know.  More careful.
You've got to be--
Accident.
What happened to your hand?
Is this what it's all about?  You sucker me up here so you can watch the two of us beat the shit out of each other over you?  Forget it.  You want to take my head off, Mister, I won't even try to stop you.  I deserve it for being an idiot.  But if you're not, I think I'll be on my way.
I have half a mind to--
Grace, tell him.
A lot that means.
I swear to you that's all that happened.  I haven't so much as set foot in your bedroom.
Didn't much look like you were hanging drapes.
I . . I was helping your wife.  I met her in town.  She needed a hand with her drapes.  That's all.
Now who the hell are you, and it better be good, or God help me I'll break you in half.
Husband . . .?
I'm her husband.
Who the hell are you?
You stay away, Jenny.  I aim to mess him up, and that ain't a thing for a woman to see.
Toby!  Toby Tyler, leave him alone!
I said come on!
I want to stay.
Stay out of this, Jenny.  We got man's business to take care of.
Honest, Toby.  I just asked him for a quarter for the jukebox.
You shut your mouth, girl, and get back over to our table.  Now, I'm not going to ask you again, Mister.  What were you doing with my girl?
Aw, Toby, we weren't doing nothing. We was just talking.
I asked you a question.
Get away from me!
Don't be afraid of him none.  I don't care what he does to you, we can still be together.
Will you shut up!
Toby Tyler, it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself, 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off, and I'm gonna have his love child.
What's your name anyway?
What the hell are you talking about?
You're too late, Toby.  We're going to get in his fancy car and ride off and leave you behind.
No, I don't want to take you for a ride.  What I want is for . . . Hey, you don't happen to have a hundred and fifty dollars I could--
Eighteen.  Well, I'm gonna be eighteen in two years, but that don't mean you can't take me for a ride if you want.
How old are you?
That's what I thought until you came riding in.  I saw your car over at the gas station.  It's cool.  Want to take me for a ride?  Desert's kind of lonely this time of day.
Get it through your head, little girl; I'm not going for you.  If this Toby likes you, then if I were you I'd marry him.  You're not going to get much better in this town.
He's not my boyfriend.  I mean, I let him take me out and stuff, but I ain't spoken for.  Not yet that is.
I wasn't going to fight for you.  I was just going to beat the shit out of your boyfriend.
But you was going to fight for me.
I hate to bust your bubble, but I wasn't defending you.
For defending my honor this afternoon.
For what?
Hey, Mister.  Mister.  I just. . . I just wanted to thank you.
You're too quick for me.
You ain't from Oz.  Oz is in that one movie.
Oz.
You're not from around here, are you?  Where you from?
I've had time to get over it.
Gee, that's sad.  Don't that make you sad?
She's dead.
You like Patsy Cline?  I just love her.  How come, I wonder, she don't put out no more new records.
How about I pick one out for you?
That country shit all sounds the same to me.
Got any requests?
Accident, and yeah, I got to be more careful.
What happened to your hand?
I wanna play a song on the juke. You got a quarter?
What?
Hey, Mister.  You gotta quarter?
I'm gonna beat you so bad you gonna be eatin' nothing but soup the rest of your days.  Rain dogs is gonna be prettier than you when I'm done. I'm gonna mess you up so bad you gonna make your own momma sick.  I'm gonna . . .
Nooo!
This means something to you?  Jenny means something to me.
I'm leaving.  You never have to see me again.  Just please, give me the ticket!
Mexico?  You're going to Mexico?
Give it to me!
Now, what's this?
My honor, that's what I'm fighting over.  Now get up off the ground, or do I have to whoop you where you lie?
You stupid punk!  You don't even know what you're fighting over!
I'm doing what any man would do if he'd been offended.  I'm beating you up.
What the hell are you doing?  Are you crazy?
Get up, Mister!  Don't ever let it be said Toby Tyler beat the living shit out of someone without giving them a fair chance.
Yeah, I know.  You're TNT.  Just like dynamite.  When you go off somebody gets hurt.  All right.  Let's do this.
Oh, that tears it, Mister.  I'm gonna bust you up but good.  I'm gonna bust you into a million pieces and then . . . and then bust those pieces up, and then . . . and then spread them all around.  That's what I'm gonna do.  You don't know what you're dealing with, Mister.  I'm crazy.  I'm psycho crazy.
I wasn't sneaking around with your girl.  Would you please tell him?
That's right, Mister.  You better be afraid.  I told you it wasn't over, but you didn't listen.  Now I find you sneakin' around with my girl behind my back.
Oh, shit!
Mister!
Stand up, Mister, or I'll beat you where you sit.
I wasn't hitting on your girl!
Stand up.
Christ, I don't believe this.
Not before I settle with you.
Fine.  I was making time with your girl.  Now I'm all scared, and I'll never make that mistake again.  Now go away.
'Cause I'm just like dynamite.  And when I go off somebody gets hurt.
They're not very imaginative?
You know who I am?  Toby N. Tyler. My friends call me TNT. You know why?
You're fucked.
What?  You want to fight?  Over her?
Mister, I'm calling you out.
I don't care what you believe as long as you leave me alone.
You expect me to believe that?
Look, pal, I wasn't making a play for your girl.
Make time?  Is everybody in this town slap happy?
That's not the way it looked to me. Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her.
I wasn't doing anything.
Hello?  Hello!?  Operator, I got disconnected.  Hello . . .
Fucking kid.  And look at you; breaking fucking pencils.  You're a Neanderthal.
And John, don't make me come look for you.
Yes, Mr. Vesci.
Do you understand me you little fuck?
A hundred and . . . Now you listen to me you deadbeat, little punk:  I don't care if you got hit by a truck and run over by a steamroller.  You owe me thirteen-thousand dollars and I want it.  I don't care how you get it, or where from, but I want it on my desk tomorrow, or I'll show you what real bad luck is.
A hundred-forty-five really.
Let me get this straight:  You owe me thirteen-thousand dollars, you call me - collect - then ask me to wire you one-hundred-fifty dollars just so you can get your car fixed.
I had to beat it before the cops showed up.  I don't have a cent to my name.  I can't even get my car out of the garage.  I tell you, Mr. Vesci, if it weren't for bad luck I wouldn't have any at all.  So, I was wondering if you could wire me a hundred fifty-dollars so I could get my car.  I'll pay it back with the rest of the money.
You're the gambler.  You tell me.
With a shotgun.  It kills him, and it shreads the money.  I mean, what are the odds?
The old lady?
No.  He gets shot by the old lady.
Let me guess.  This robber; he gets your money.
You don't know the how, Mr. Vesci. And that's not the half of it.  I've got your money, and I go into this little grocery store to get something to eat and it gets robbed.
That's a shame, John.  A real shame.
I know, Mr. Vesci.  I know.  I was on my way to you, it's just . . . what a day I've had.  You're not going to believe what's happened to me. I had the money, I swear I had it. I was on my way to you when my car breaks down in the middle of nowhere.
John, what a surprise.  I expected to be seeing you, not talking to you over the phone.
And you're taking?
Nobody's going to hang.  We're all gonna walk away with a little something.  I ain't a greedy man. And, hell, you did all the work. One-hundred-thousand dollars.  Split that three ways and it comes out to about thirty-three thousand.  Give or take.
You ain't passing these test, son. If I can't trust you I'm gonna have to arrest you . . .
Thirty-thousand dollars.
What'd you think, boy?  That you were the first man to drift through this town she came on to?  Not by a long shot.  You're just the most gullible.  How much did you get?
Sure you do.  Everybody in town knows about the money Jake kept hid in the house.  It's a wonder the Mrs. here just now got round to killing him.  Not for lack of trying.
That's what this is all about?  A shakedown?  You picked the wrong people.  We don't have any money.
Killing Jake McKenna's got to amount to something.  He wasn't much of a man, but that don't give you the right to murder him.  And don't tell me you didn't, 'cause I know you did.  I was there.  Like I said; I been watching you.
I didn't do anything.
Shut up!  The both of you.  Ain't neither one of you too smart. Especially you, boy.  Don't you think I had my eye on you since first you rolled into town?  You smell like trouble.  Stink of it like a ripe cesspool.
You bitch!  You were in on it froom the start!
And as soon as I see that you're on your way.
There's nothing in the trunk, Sheriff.
I think you might just want to do as I say.
What for?
Now step around to the back of the car and open the trunk for me.
Sure, Sheriff.
Just step from the car.  Nice and slow.
I don't understand what the--
Why don't you step out of the car, son?
Nope.  No problems up the road.
Is there a problem up the road, Sheriff?
Just cool down, son.  I ain't accusing you of anything.  Serves Toby right to get his ass whooped. If you hadn't done it, somebody else would've.
Sheriff, he didn't give me any choice.  If I hadn't defended myself- -
Suppose you've had all you can of Sierra.  What with that ruckus you had with Toby.  Oh yes, I heard all about that.
Not taking a drive, Sheriff. Heading out of town.
Nice night for a drive.  Morning really.  I guess that's about the only way to keep cool; riding around with the top down on a fancy convertible in the first hours of the day.
Maybe not for you, Sheriff, but I think I've had my fill of your little town.
Stay as long as you like, son.  No rush.
Wish I could help, Sheriff.  But if you'll excuse me I'm going over to Harlin's to pick up my car.  Then I'm getting the hell out of this place.
That's too bad.  I was hoping you were there.  Maybe you could help us catch the guy who got away.  Or maybe you could explain about all that money that got tore up when Jamilla shot that biker.
Wouldn't know anything about it.
There was a young man over at Jamilla's today when it got hit. Way she tells it he got whacked around by one of the robbers.
Not as bad as it looks.
Just curious.  That's a nasty cut you've got.
No, sir.  And I'm not going to be around long if that's what you're worried about.
Saw you at the truck stop this morning.  You're not from around here.
Like I said; you really can't blame the boy.  Some people don't know how to avoid trouble.  Know what I mean?
I guess.
Yep.  Tore him up good and spat out little, refined pieces of him. Nothing like the embarrassment of having your father refined in front of your classmates to put the anger in a young man.
Jesus!
His father worked in a strip mine north of here.  Toby's school class went up to the mine one day.  School takes field trips up there every year.  Big day for the kids when they can see ore tore up out of the ground.  Anyway, on this particular day Toby's dad up and falls into the machinery.
What happened?
He is at that.  No so much a fault of his own.  Poor boy had quite a trauma as a child.
Yeah.  What are you going to do? That Toby's a hot head.
Kids.
No police!
Senor, you need a doctor.
No police!  Wait until I'm gone.
But, Senor--
No police.
No!
I call the policia.
Soda.  You know.
Hablar slowly, por favor.  My ingles no es bien.
Soda.  You got any soda?
Eh?
Got any cold soda?
You know I won't be seeing you.
You <u>are</u> crazy, you know. Be seeing you, old man.
Things ain't always the way they seem. You got to ask yourself: is it worth it? Day comes Earthmaker is going to look in your fucking heart! Then you better know what it is you're doing. <u>Are you a human being</u> -- or just one of them hungry ghosts out there floatin' around?
Time's up. Any last words of wisdom?
You got a lotta philosophy in you, old timer but you don't fool me for one second with all this blind man crap. One minute you lost your eyes in Vietnam, next it's the joint. Now it's a woman? I'm hep to you.
Well, don't say I didn't warn you when things go your way.
No and I don't plan on sticking around either.
Nothing makes the Great Spirit laugh harder than a man's plans. We all got plans. I planned on seeing all my life. I know you didn't plan on straying into town.
Not this twig, friend.  I got plans.
More or less.
So, we're all just floating along like twigs in a stream, so enjoy the ride.  Is that it?
Afraid of it?  Boy, I live in the dark. All cause of a woman who made me this way. People are afraid of what they can't see. I can't see nuthin', so it's all the same to me.  Kiss from a beautiful woman, kissy kissy kiss, a lick from a dog, slurp, slurp, the kiss of death . It's all the same to me.
You afraid of the dark?
Night is when you want to sleep, but the dry heat keeps you tossin' and turnin'. It's when you wish the sun was bakin' high in the sky so you could see what it is you're afraid of.
Difference between you and me, old man, is I see the glass half full, you see it half empty.
Ain't over yet.  Night is part of day; separate, but equal.  Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark.
Your lies are old, but you tell 'em well.
I'm a little short Pops. I'll catch you next time.
...But ain't you got a little something for the infirm?
I got things to do.
Well, people gotta get by somehow. That's the curse. The mines done it. All that uranium, plutonium, fuffonium, fuckononium, assononium, all that "om"! Everybody's got a mother. You don't rip up your mother. You don't rip up the Earth and take everything out. It's like the Cracker Jack box says, "the more you eat, the more you want...."...
Musta been some bad ass nuclear tests here in the 50's. This town's all inbreeding.
So now you're going to tell me where I lost my eyes. You don't think I know where I lost my eyes? I was there when I lost them. I lost them in the war. The war in the joint. There's always wars in the joint. Cause I was a code talker in the joint and in the war too. Mmmm, nothing like the smell of a naked lady. Be careful, boy.
I thought you said you lost your eyes in the war?
All them miners last century. Hungry ghosts, killed off all the Indians. Up at the mine. Earth ran red with blood, think I'm fooling around here. White sky was on fire. Grown men cried like babies. I saw a flash, then darkness descended upon me. They put me in the joint. Took my eyes. I cursed them. White people can't seem to stay away from Indians . You gotta watch where ya put your fingers. Pussy pussy pussy, Indian pussy.
Who's cursed?
Cocksucker motherfucker! Cops. I hear you. Always sneaking around. Thinks I can't see him. Well he's right. Motherfucker. But that ain't mean I don't know what's going on around here. They're all cursed. Yes sir.
...And everything is nothing too.
What?
Seems like I do but only cause end of the day we're all eyes in the same head. And everything is everything.
You sure got a lot of philosophy, old man.
What do you want for free?
I think I've heard that before.
Or maybe you just think you do. Just another small town. One guy chasing you. You go big town. Just gonna have four guys after you instead. Kiss kissy kiss. It gets down to one thing -- are you a human being or are you one of those hungry ghosts out there never satisfied with nothing? Cause you gotta remember you can run just as far as you can, but wherever you go, that's where you gonna be.
Maybe I do.
That a fact?
Just 'cause I ain't got eyes doesn't mean I can't see.
You sure seen a lot for a blind man.
See.  Ain't nothing I can do but keep him here beside me.  That's where he belongs anyways.  Me and Jesse, that's my dog, not anymore, but me and Jesse we been pals since the war when I lost my eyes.  He was just a pup then... a companion that's loyal, that'll keep coming back to you no matter how much you kick him...I miss him.  I'll see ya later, unless I come across something worse.
Hell no!
He's only just dead.  What was I supposed to do with him?  I can't take him away anywhere.  And nobody wants to take him for me.  Do you?
What the hell are you keeping a dead dog around for?
I hope you wasn't pettin' him none, was you?
Oh, Jesus.
That's 'cause he's dead.
I think you'd better give your pooch a sip. He looks sick.
Christ!
Don't forget to open it for me.  I can't be opening my own bottle.
All right, old man.  Christ.
Change?  You want my change?  I fought the war and lost my eyes just so I could give you my change?
Yeah, sure.  You got change?
Don't be sorry.  Just run over there and get me my pop before I die of thirst.
I said I was sorry.
Lost my eyes in Vyee-et-nam.  Lost them fighting the commies.  Fought the war and lost my eyes fightin' the commies just so you can come around here and make fun of me.
Christ no!
I ain't got no eyes.  You want to see?
I don't know.  I thought you were keeping the sun out of your eyes.
What'd you think I was doing out here with these glasses on?  Sunnin' myself?
I'm sorry, I didn't--
Hell no, I can't do that myself.  I'm blind.  Can't you see that?
You can't do that yourself?
Yeah I want something.  I want you to run over to that machine and get me a pop.
You want something?
Don't call me old man.  Ain't you got no respect, boy?
You want something, old man?
Hey!  You there!
This means something to you?  Jenny means something to me.
I'm leaving.  You never have to see me again.  Just please, give me the ticket!
Mexico?  You going to Mexico?
Give it to me!
Now, what's this?
My honor, that's what I'm fighting over. Now get up off the ground, or do I have to whoop you where you lie?
You idiot!  You don't even know what you're fighting over!
I'm doing what any man would do if he'd been offended.  I'm stompin' your ass.
Yeah, I know.  You're TNT.  Just like dynamite.  When you go off somebody gets hurt.  All right.  Let's do this.
Oh, that tears it, Mister.  I'm gonna bust you up but good.  I'm gonna bust you into a million pieces and then ... and then bust those pieces up, and then ... and then spread them all around.  That's what I'm gonna do.  You don't know what you're dealing with, Mister.  I'm crazy.  I'm psycho crazy.
I wasn't sneaking around with your girl. Would you please tell him?
That's right, Mister.  You better be afraid.  I told you it wasn't over, but you didn't listen.  Now I find you sneakin' around with my girl behind my back.
Oh, shit!
Mister!
Stand up, Mister, or I'll beat you where you sit.
I wasn't hitting on your girl!
Stand up.
Christ, I don't believe this!
Not before I settle with you, chickenshit!
Fine.  I was making time with your girl. Now I'm scared to death and I learned my lesson. Now can you go away?
'Cause I'm just like dynamite.  And when I go off, somebody gets hurt.
Let's see...they're not very imaginative?
What?  You want to fight?  Over her?
Mister, I'm calling you out.
I don't care what you believe as long as you leave me alone.
You expect me to believe that?
Then maybe you should've. Look, pal, I wasn't making a play for your girl.
Make time?  Is everybody in this town on drugs?
That's not the way it looked to me.  Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her.
I wasn't doing anything.
Two-hundred dollars...I'll do it!  I'll kill her!
Two-hundred dollars?
You know what kind of woman Grace is, Jake. You know how badly she wants to get the fuck out of Superior.  What's she to you, Jake; a woman who wants you dead?  Let me kill her.  All I want is two-hundred dollars to get out of here with.
You'd tell me anything to save your pathetic life.
Don't Jake me boy! It's a big house. You probably didn't even make it out to the desert this afternoon...
Come on, Jake --
What are you talking about!
How the hell did you know where the bedroom's at?
Damn it, Jake. There is a guy coming to kill me, and if it comes down to me or Grace, then I pick Grace.  You were going to give me thirteen-thousand.  Give me two-hundred.  I'll kill her and dump the body where no one will ever find it. She showed me the perfect place. There won't be enough left for an autopsy.  But I need the the money.  I've got to have the money.
You have a lot of talk in you, whole lot of talk.
Maybe I don't like being played, like she played us today.  Maybe I don't like that at all, Jake. I'm just pissed enough, maybe I'll rip the neck off my own grandmother.
That's a thick change of heart from this afternoon.
It's the truth, Jake.
Shhh! Liar.
You came to take my wife from me?
I came for Grace.
...And he thought he'd clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper...and then maybe borrow $200 or $20,000, or $200,000...
Wait a minute.  Just listen to me...
No, but it don't matter anyway when you're lying there with your brains all over my carpet and I'm telling Sheriff Potter about this drifter, didn't have enough money to fix his car. And Darrell happened to find his gun, and through maybe this drifter heard old Jake got some money stashed away, and figgered he might try to break in and steal it!
It's not what you think, Jake.
I guess this is what they call "ironee"? Hunh?
I like Darrell.  He may be an idiot, but he's my half brother. We own Harlin's together, yeah, that little redneck manages to get paid no matter how things work out.
That's my gun... That fucking Darrell!
No!
Next time you'll do just fine.
I know you're not surprised I'm back here, cause you can read my mind and all.
...I don't know.  Tell her you had to see her.  Tell her you don't care if she's married or not, you had to be with her. Sweet talk the woman.  A young buck like you must be good at that.  Then ... maybe shift the conversation.  Get her thinking about that jeep of hers.  She loves that thing.  Maybe the only thing she does love. She'll want to take you for a ride.
And tell her what?
Oh yeah sure. Why don't I buy you a plane ticket right out of here while I'm at it. I <u>know you</u>...  This is what you do:  Go to the house to see her.
Come to think of it, how 'bout some money upfront?
Be quiet, boy.  I got to figure this thing. I'm thinking. It can't be done at the house. It should be...
You want to do this yourself?  I don't have to do this, you know.
How the hell should I know?  I've never had a wife killed before. Jesus Christ! <u>You</u> want this job, you don't know how to do this? I guess I should have hired a professional.
How do you want it?
If you can't trust the man you've hired to kill your wife ...? The thing is it's got to look like an accident; that's the thing. If it doesn't, then it's no good.  I won't get a dime, and it's my neck that'll be on the chopping block while you're living it up somewhere.
Don't say that.  I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead...  Well, looks like we got ourselves a contract.
I'm not your boy.  I don't like you.  I got no choice but to do business with you. Let's just call this a nasty little marriage of convenience.
You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you.
We're not talking about buying a car Jake. We're talking about killing your wife. It's thirteen, or it's nothing.
That's a bit much.
I need thirteen.
Maybe ... ten-thousand.  And that's a maybe.
How much could you get?
No, I hate loving her. I hate the kind of person she is. I hate having to tolerate the little "games" she plays. Like fucking half of the town behind my back and laughing at me. The bitch. She loved to play. She wants me to hit her and when I hit her she likes it. She tortures me. But she's family. She's my little girl. My baby. I couldn't stand to watch her eyes roll back in her head as she sucks her last breath, or to see her pretty pink brains spill from her skull. No. Not me. But you? You got the killing in you, boy...How much you want?
You love her, but you hate her?
Well, I guess I have what you call a love-hate relationship with Grace.
The slimy bastard who's going to do it for you...  You're a jealous man Jake. If you can't have Grace to yourself...well, you're not the sharing kind.
And what does that make you?
Because you're a slimy bastard who would have his wife killed just to get his hands on some money.
What makes you say that?
You meant it.
A man doesn't always mean the things he says.
Bullshit.  You wanted me to kill her.
Oh, that was just loose talk. Husband gettin' pissed off.  I don't want anybody dead.
Well then, I guess that qualifies me for citizenship in this town. You're the one brought it up. This morning. In your car.
You're talking like a madman.
I'm not rambling.
Boy I think this heat's getting to you the way you're rambling on.
Don't play simple with me, Jake. You're a betting man. You want me to spell it out for you? I'll kill Grace if you cut me in on the money.
I did?
You said you'd cut that up with the man who did her in.
I do.
You said you had an insurance policy out on your wife.  Fifty-thousand dollars.
About what you said this morning.
Sweet Grace?  What about her?
About things.  About your wife.
Talk?  About what?
I was hoping we could talk.
What can I do for you, lad?
This is a joke, right?  You just want to rattle me.  Right?
How do you know if you've never tried?
I've done a few things but I'm not a murderer, Mr. McKenna.
Would you kill her?
Would I what?
Would you?
Mad like a dog in heat, I bet you were.  I can tell you got a temper on you.
Like you don't know.
"You can't shoot 'em!" I like that.  I bet she led you on good, didn't she?  Taking you up to the house to hang drapes. Oh that's a good one. Bet she had you hard as a rock wiggling her ass in your face.  I bet you just wanted to pull down her pants and hog her out. Then me busting in like some wild bear. Ha! Bet you had a fire going under you.
Can't live with them, and you can't shoot 'em.
She does at that.  I knew when I married her she was a free spirit.  A woman with her looks and a man my age; what was I to expect?  But you see a woman like that in a town like this and you don't think, you do. So, I married her.  What are you to do, eh? Women.
That's the sweat of a man who hasn't an honest bone in his body.  Don't be offended, lad.  A man who's got no ethics is a free man.  I envy that.  Beside, how can I blame you?  That Grace sure has a mind of her own, and a body to match, don't she?  Eh?
Hey!
Ah, I can smell it on you.
Wait a second--
It wouldn't have made a difference to you, now would it?  Not a wit.  Do you know why? Because you're a man without scruples.
I hope so.  Listen, McKenna about your wife:  If I had known she was married--
You a sailor man?  That'd be the life. Drive across the country, step on a boat and just sail away.  A man could pretty well disappear like that.  Just sail away until all he was was a memory.  I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile.
Got work.  I know a man who's got a boat. Wants me to sail it for him.
Live there?
California...
Darrell's a moron.
Oh? Darrell taking good care of you?
An overheated car.
"Bobby Cooper." What brings you to Superior, Coop?
Bobby Cooper.
I'm a solid man.
That's a solid name.
I guess we've never been introduced proper. Jake McKenna.
Yeah, I know.  More careful.
You've got to be--
Accident.
Say, what happened to your hand?
Yeah...
After you huffed off, Grace lied so bad, I got so pissed off, I pulled down her pants to paddle her ass raw and finger-fucked it instead. Sorry I lost my cool like that. It's a funny thing, women.
I'll give you a lift, son. Too hot to be walking... People die out here, y'know.
What the fuck do you want?
It ain't broke.
You broke my nose!
You can't just walk in here and walk out, you sonufabitch! I'm gonna tear you a new asshole!
Grace, tell him.
A lot that means.
I swear to you that's all that happened.  I haven't so much as set foot in your bedroom.
Didn't much look like you were hanging drapes.
Easy, chief. I... I was helping your wife. I met her in town.  She needed a hand with her drapes.  That's all.
Now who the hell are you, and it better be good, or God help me I'll break you in half.
I'm her husband.
Who the hell are you?
Who the hell is this!?
Get away from me!
Don't be afraid of him none.  I don't care what he does to you, we can still be together.
Will you shut up!
Toby Tucker, it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself, 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off, and I'm gonna have his love child.
What's your name anyway?
What the hell are you talking about?
You're too late, Toby.  We're going to get in his fancy car and ride off and leave you behind.
No, I don't want to take you for a ride. What I want is for ... Hey, you don't think you can get $150 from your parents, could you?
Eighteen... Well, I'm gonna be eighteen in two years, but that don't mean you can't take me for a ride if you want.
How old are you?
That's what I thought until you came riding in.  I saw your car over at the gas station.  It's a cool car.  Want to take me for a ride?  Desert's kind of lonely this time of day.
Get it through your head, little girl; I'm not going for you.  If this Toby likes you, then if I were you I'd marry him.  You're not going to get much better in this town.
He's not my boyfriend.  I mean, I let him take me out and stuff, but I ain't spoken for.  Not yet that is.
I wasn't going to fight for you.  I was just going to beat the shit out of your boyfriend.
But you was going to fight for me.
I hate to bust your bubble honey, but I wasn't defending you.
For defending my honor this afternoon.
For what?
Hey mister. Mister, I just... I just wanted to thank you.
You're too quick for me.
You ain't from Oz.  Oz is in that movie.
Oz.
You're not from around here, are you? Where you from?
I've had time to get over it.
Gee, that's sad.  Don't that make you sad?
Cause she's dead.
You like Patsy Cline?  I just love her. How come, I wonder, she don't put out no more new records.
How about I pick one out for you?
That country shit all sounds the same to me.
Got any requests?
I cut it shaving; I know, I gotta be more careful.
What happened to your hand?
I wanna play a song on the juke.  You got a quarter?
What?
Hey, Mister.  You gotta quarter for the juke?
Figgers. There's a scratch on the hood and how much you make selling my gun? Deduct it.
No.
All I got's a hundred, Darrell. You got change?
Yeah, like Al Capone on tax day. Get the keys?
I don't want no dirty money.  I run an honest business.
That's none of your business.  Get the keys.
Two-hundred dollars in hundred-dollar bills.  And this morning you was broke.
You got the money?
I want my car.
What the hell ... oh, it's you.  Might've figgered. Listen I got a waitress coming over.  What do you want?
We're closed.  Come back when the sun comes up.
Open up!
What you want?
When I work on a car, I work on a car.
And you had to go into the trunk, didn't you?
Well, that key's not gonna work. I had to pop the lock. You didn't leave me the trunk key.
What the fuck did you do to my trunk?
Darrell. I'll get you your money. I just have to get something out of the trunk.
Darrell.
Look, Harlin.
What's the matter?  The fight gone out of you?  I'm just gonna smash a headlight. Maybe two.
No! Okay! Okay!
Listen to me you sorry sonufabitch. You owe me money, and this car ain't going nowheres until I get it.  And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on it. Is that clear? Now get out of here 'fore I call the Sheriff, <u>who knows me</u>.
Listen you stupid fuck, I want my car.
Is that an insult?  Are you insulting me.
What reputation?  You're nothing but an ignorant, inbred, tumbleweed hick.
The goddamn sign on the wall. I can't do unauthorized work?  What am I suppose to do? Just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket.  Then you get in an accident and get killed.  Or worse.  Who they gonna blame then?  They gonna blame me, and there goes my reputation.
What sign?
Well, now, you just know all there is about bein' a mechanic, don't you?  Didn't you read the sign.
I don't give a fuck! I didn't tell you to do it!  You can't just do unauthorized work.
Yeah, but it was shot.
I didn't tell you to replace any gasket.
Yep.  For the hose.  But while you was gone I replaced a gasket.  That's going to run you another fifty.
You said this morning the hose was going to run me one-fifty.
It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars.
What?
Two-hundred.
Listen, Darrell, about that hundred-fifty bucks for the car, as soon as I get where I'm going I swear I'll--
No charge.
That's a good piece of advice, Darrell.
You think bad, and bad is what you get.
You believe that?
Hell, I've had days I would gladly trade with a whippin' dog.  Ain't much you can do when you feel like that 'cept tough it out.
You've been there?
One of those days you feel like you been runnin' in circles and you ain't no closer to where you tryin' to get than when you started?
Yeah, well, I've been around the bend a bit.
Hey there.  I was beginnin' to think you wasn't comin' back...  You don't look so good.
I want my hundred and forty-five dollars.
What sign? Fuck the sign. I want my car.
You ain't got no credit card but you got a lawyer. Sweet talk me all you want.  Didn't you read the sign? It says...
You son of a bitch! I'll have my lawyers shut you down.
...got no day, got no date.  Probably ain't worth a duck's fart . This one here cost me $3.75 and it's got every doodad you can imagine. No sir I'll stick with this .
Now that's too bad.  I sure hope you know how to wash dishes or shovel shit 'cause you're gonna have to work this one off.
I don't have a goddamn credit card.
Then you're only a hundred-forty-five in the hole.  You can keep that dollar. Now why don't you just take your American Express Gold Card, and call that guy with the big schnooz on TV and have him send you the money lickity split.
Listen, man.  I got rolled half an hour ago for everything I had.
Then you ain't gonna have the car.
It might as well be fifteen-hundred dollars, because I don't have the money.
I don't know, but "it's the reason I'm living here and you're just passing through."  Now you owe me a hundred-fifty dollars.
What's that got to do with the radiator hose?
"That's not just a Ford, that's a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang."
That's a Ford, not a Ferrari.  You going to tell me no one else in this shit hole drives a Ford?
Actually, it's been about three hours. You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.  What you expect but fancy damn prices?
About an hour and a half, because that's all the longer I've been gone.
A goddamn radiator hose in a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang.  You know how long it took me to find that hose?
To replace a goddamn radiator hose!?
Hundred-fifty.
How much!?
Well ... you got your parts, you got your labour ... let's call it a hundred-fifty bucks.
Bottom hose was shot too.  Rotted clear through. Had to put a new one in. Runs like a dream now.
What the hell happened to my car?
Another accident?  You got to be more careful.
Just banged my head.  It was an accident.
Don't look like nothing.
Nothing.
Hey, your ... what the hell happened to you?
Hey.
I'll be back in a couple of hours.  And be careful with her, will you?
Diner up a piece.  Not much, but us simple folk like it.
I'm very interested in this but is there someplace...
You got to be more careful. Hands is important.  Let me show you something. When I was a kid, now I don't know if you can still see it, but I gashed my fingers in a lawnmower.
Accident.
Ninety-two.  Course half hour from now might be seventy-two. These clouds move around a lot.
Jesus.  Twenty-after-ten and it must be ninety already.
Twenty-after-ten.
Time.
How much time?
Gotta run over to the yard and see if I can find a hose like this one, or close enough. Gonna take time.
Great!
Yeah, I can fix it.
Okay, I'm stuck.  You happy?  Now can you fix it, or not?
Somewhere else?  Mister, somewhere else is fifty miles from here. Only other gas station down in town closed 3 years ago when the mine got shut...
If I could do you think I'd be standing here wasting my time.  Can you fix it, or do I have to go somewhere else?
Well, you know so much why don't you just fix it yourself?
I know it's busted.  What did I just tell you?
It's your radiator hose.  It's busted.
So?
OK. Darrell... Could you just take a look at my radiator hose.  It's busted.
Darrell--
Look, Harlin, I've got places to be.
Damn.  Gonna be another hot one today. Sometimes I don't even want to get out of bed. Course don't want to get out for the cold one's neither.  Then of course the clouds come in...
You want to take a look at my car?  I think the radiator hose is--
So?
But he's dead.
'Cause Harlin used to own it.
Then why do you call it Harlin's?
Yep.
You own this place?
Doubt it.  He's dead.  The Look Out's a cemetery.
Will he be back soon?
He's up at the Look Out.
Harlin around?
Nope.  Darrell.
You Harlin?
No! No police.
I call the sheriff.
Soda.  You know.
Hablar slowly, por favor.  My ingles no es bien.
Soda.  You got any soda?
Eh?
Got any cold soda?
He <u>can't</u> help you now, honey!
<u>Jake</u>...
And love's a funny thing.  Sometimes I don't know if I want to love you...
And I love you too.
'Cause I love you.
Why's that?
Grace -- in the trunk of my car is a tow rope. It should reach down here. Go get it, throw it down.
Can you make it back up?
I busted my leg!
Bobby? Are you all right?
Thank you. Thank you. I...I knew you wouldn't leave me, Grace.
But we all need that too. Hold him.
Hope is a four-letter word.
Save the Mom routine, will ya Grace. It doesn't work with me. One, two, three...
My mother died in this canyon.
Time to go for a walk, Jake.
I think you're a lying, back-stabbing psycho bitch, and one day you'll kill me. But it's nice to know you cared...
I don't want to go to Mexico, Bobby! Please, I really want to be with you. Don't blow this. Don't you think I care about you?
When you're finished with me, I'm next! I been there, baby. I been there with other cunts...sorry, not anymore. I'll take you as far as California. If we can make that. After that you're on your own. Try Mexico. With all this bread, you can live like a queen.
You lied to me all along! Lies, all lies. Your mother, your father, what story are you on now?  How come the town didn't know you was his daughter?
I was just baiting him! Bobby, I had to tell him that to get his guard down. Just like you told Jake you was going to kill me!
Why? So when the cops catch up with us you can sell me out again?
Don't leave me. I want to say with you, Bobby.
Well, nothing. We dump Jake, we split the money, then you're on your own.
I believe in this moment, that's all. There is nothing else.  Come on. He must weigh 300 pounds.
You don't believe in anything do you, Bobby?
I think nothing happens. You're dead meat. That's it.
You could give me my gun back.
Don't you think I would've done it if I wanted to? What can I do to make you relax, baby?
You think now that Jake's dead, there's all that money there and I don't need you anymore, and I might just sneak up behind you sometime and...pop!
No Grace, my hand's bothering me.
<u>I don't know why</u>!
Why?
Don't you really want to know? Was Jake my Daddy? Was I fucking my own Daddy? Don't you want to know that?
Let it go, baby. It's the past. I got a past...
Don't you want to know...? I bet it's burning a hole in your brain just now?
Ask you what? You mean what kind of horrifying sick shit is coming next?
So, aren't you going to ask me?
He was a scumbag!... He wanted <u>me</u>, Bobby. These guys don't let go! Even when they're <u>dead</u>...  You don't know what it was like, Bobby. Those two, they were the same.
He was a <u>cop</u>, Grace, they never stop looking for you when you kill a cop...
The only deal he had in mind was killing you for Jake's murder and blackmailing me into sucking his dick for the rest of my life... no thanks.
He was in love with you Grace. He would've done what you wanted, you could've made a deal and ...
Get real Bobby. He was gonna kill you <u>and</u> me.
What are you talking about?
You know I thought you'd left me back there.
You already have.
Hawaii. I've read all about it. I've dreamed of going there and just lying on the beach while the water licked up against my feet. Oh, God. I'd kill to go there.
What the hell? Why not? Where should we go?
Anywhere?
We're going to buy a boat of our own baby, and sail it wherever we want to go.
But I thought --
I'm not sailing his boat.
Then will you take me on your friends' boat with you?
I want a place where only the vultures will find him... It'll be over soon, Grace.
Can't we just dump him fast someplace?
We've still got some dead weight to get rid of.
You spent a day in Superior. I wasted my entire life there. I feel like someone just took a million pounds off my shoulders.
I don't know about that?
You don't know what it feels like to be free of that place.
Hey!  Take it easy.  Want to get us killed?
It should be just up ahead.  Hold on ... there!  There it is!
I can't see it.
I'm not coming back.
Good thinking.  What's all this?
I got the money all packed.  I put the jeep and his caddy in the garage. People'll think maybe me and Jake went away.  Buy us some time...I know a back road we can take.
I ... nothing.  I just stubbed my toe on a rock.  Hurt like hell.
Bobby?  What the hell's the matter with you?
No! You get it!
The money's right here! Get the key!
After dark.  I'll leave the back door unlocked.
Grace ... Grace?
We don't have to kill him.  Just knock him out and tie him up 'till we get away.  It was your idea, remember?  I'm doing this for you.  I'm doing this so you can fly...fly like a bird.
You said you couldn't kill anybody.
I came back for you; this morning I came back.  Before I even knew about the money. You're what I want.  The only reason I stormed off is because you spooked me talking about Jake.  But I've had nothing but time to think about it.  It keeps coming back to you and me and us getting the hell out of here.  But we've got to get the money, baby.  We get the money, I get the car, then we get the hell out.
Are you sure?...  About me, I mean?
I don't give a damn about the money.  I want you, and I want to get us out of this shithole.  There's only one way to do that.
Is that what changed your mind?  The money?
I could if I had Jake's money.
I thought you couldn't get your car.
I mean it, Grace.  I'm getting out of here, and I want to take you with me.
Because I know you're full of shit.
Why?  Am I making you hot, or does the truth scare you?
Stop it.
Except I can't get you out of my head, Grace. 
There is no us, remember?
What about us?
I don't think we have anything to talk about.
I wanted to talk.
It's not like he's a young man, Bobby. He's had time to live. It'd be quick. I mean, he wouldn't even have to <u>feel</u> it...  I mean, sometime in the middle of the night, when it's quiet...when he's asleep, you could just come up behind him when he's pounding on me and...
I can't kill, Grace. I can't kill anybody.
Kill him.
If the key's on him, how do we get the key?
It takes a key.  He keeps it on himself all the time.  I mean <u>all the time</u>.  It scratches up against me when we do it.
One-hundred-thousand!?  That son-of-a-bitch.
Oh yeah. There's nothing else with Jake. He don't trust banks. He keeps the money in the floor right under the bed. He loves it so much, he wouldn't think of spending any of it on me. I never seen it but I know he's got more than a hunnert thousand at least...
In <u>cash</u>?
At night. He just sits there and laughs and talks to himself and counts it. I heard him. My Mom told me he had a hunnert thousand dollars down there. Maybe more.
What do you mean?
Jake hides it. In a safe. In the floor. In the bedroom. He counts it. He loves to sit there and count it.
Where?
...you could get me money. I'll get you out of here.
Jake never gives me more'n twenty bucks at a time, like a bird in a cage, he don't want me goin' anywhere...
You don't have any money put away, do you?
Darrell?  You know he and Jake are...
Honey, baby, I <u>can't</u>. I can't even get out of here <u>myself</u>. Believe it or not, I need a lousy hundred and fifty bucks to get my car back from that crazy mechanic...
Please. I won't hang on you. As soon as we get there you can dump me. I don't care. I just want to get out of here.
Oh yeah. It's beautiful, beautiful beaches. Blue water and clear skies as far as you can see.
Is it pretty?
Oh yeah. It's far, it's another world.
Yeah.
Yeah. What do you want. Life, right?  Have you ever been to California?
I'm sorry...
After he got his divorce, he forced me to marry him...but when I saw her body, I swore to her on my soul that some day I'd get Jake for what he did to her...
You're sick too...he loved to do things to me. Control me. My Mom...it tore her up cause she couldn't do nothing about it. She become alcoholic...and the funny thing is-- I liked it. I liked being controlled by Jake. The truth was as far out and crazy as he got, I wanted <u>more</u>. I wanted to go all the way. Women say they don't want to be taken like, <u>really taken</u> -- that's bullshit -- they do. The first time he finished with me, he said I was a woman now. I was 14. Then he started crying like a baby...wanted me to hold him. It's a strange feeling to hate someone so much for so many years, but still want to hold him, comfort him... They found my Mom right down there  at the bottom of Apache Leap. She had cactus needles stuck all over her body and Virgil...Sheriff Potter said she was drunk and went insane. But I'll never believe she ran off that cliff by accident. She was born on this earth and she loved it. She was like me. She just wanted to fly away.
Yeah.
He <u>was</u> a Shaman...in the mine. We had nothin' after he died. Jake took us in, gave us a little money. He used to call me his "little halfbreed"... He kept Mom on the side y'know, cause he was married someplace else. He had kids in Phoenix I think, no one knew him around here...but the thing was...you see...  ...he was raping me the whole time...for years. He loved to do things to me. Believe it or not, he used to say he was in love with my ass. Y'ever been in love with a woman's ass?
You mean the Shaman?
Nothing I understand better than a mess.
It's just such a mess. With Jake I mean...
Try me.
You'd never understand.
Grace, I've been fucked over too many times, by too many women.  You're becoming the queen of hot and cold.
Get out of town, Bobby, as quick as you can.
Don't feel like nothing.
Nothing.
What's the matter?...Grace?
Is that so bad?  It's not like I wouldn't try to make him happy.  For awhile, anyway. I mean, I would ... do things for him.  I guess I'm no good that way.  I guess I tried to sucker you along like that.  Do you hate me for it?  I wouldn't blame you if you did.  But maybe it's like you said: You just got to do whatever it takes to get out.
You need a meal ticket is what you mean. Some guy you can latch onto just long enough for him to get you out of here.
It's not that easy.  Maybe you can take chances; maybe you can wander around like some stray wherever you please.  I can't. I don't want to be alone.  I need to know I'm going to be taken care of.
Walk away.
I don't know how.
You could leave him.
All this nothing? It doesn't get to Jake like it gets to me.  He says he don't mind being nothing but a big fish in a small pond.  More like a little fish in a dried up watering hole.
I'm still here, aren't I?  See this?
I take it things didn't much work out the way you planned.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
I'm guessing no.
I let him think he was courtin' me, but I reeled him in like a fish on a line. I wanted him. I wanted what he could give me, and I would've done anything to get him. Is that love?
Is that why you're with him?
Depends on what you call love. I grew up on a reservation. A patch of desert in the middle of nowhere. That's where they stick Indians, Bobby. That's where they leave us to die. My brother killed himself when he was 19 cause he couldn't take it anymore. There's no hope there... Jake was my ticket out. Mom and me.
Did you ever?
No.
You love him?
Yeah, but I like the sun.  I grew up on a reservation.  The sun, the desert; they like a religion to us.  Jake's the same way.  He loves the desert.  I guess we're alike that way.  That's about the only way.
Doesn't the isolation bother you?
They hear you comin'.  They won't bother you. Just don't sneak up on 'em.
Are there snakes out here?
Guys like me take those chances. Let's go.
How do you know he's still not here?
Yeah, well I said I was an idiot. Whatta you say we get out of here, take a drive somewhere, talk...
Maybe I just want to hear you say it.
You know what I want.
That's not an answer.  What is it you want?
Still playing?
You never did answer my question.
I'm just flesh and blood, baby.  That and a few memories of bad women; just like most guys.  But you already know that.  You read my mind, remember? Thanks for the lemonade.
Maybe I like to find out about a man first. Maybe I like to know what he's made of.
I think I can find my own way back to into town.
Really?  And what game did you want to play?  You carry my box for me, and I fall into bed with you?
You flirt with me, then you run cold.  You lead me on, then slap me down.  I don't go for being jerked around.
And what would that be?
I have an idea.
No more drapes to hang.  Now what should we do?
Nothing like a little liveliness.
I like them.  I was sick of looking at this room.  I think they add a little life.
Beautiful?
Like you.
You can let go of me now. I'm safe. How do they look?
Lift me down.
What?
There.  All done.  Lift me down.
The same thing you do.
It tells me what every face tells me. Everybody has a past, they have a pain, and they have something they want.  What is it you want?
My face tell you all that?
Come here.
Nice house for a shaman's daughter.  You must be good.
Those are white words, not ours.
A medicine man?
From my father.  He was the tribe's shaman.
Where'd you learn to do that?
A little of this, a little of that.  Mostly I tell fortunes.
What do you do anyway?
I guess it must.
Must get kind of lonely for a woman living by herself in a big house.
Thank you.
Nice place.
Good, 'cause I liked what I saw.
I guess.  I've got an ego same as any man.
Did you like it; me watching you?
I didn't say it bothered me.
I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to.
That's good.  Cools you right off.  I saw you watching me.
I pack up and go somewhere else.
What happens when you lose?
If you're going to gamble, might as well play for high stakes.
I never played tennis. You just travel around Bobby-- no direction, no steady work.  You must like taking chances.
Cooper. Bobby Cooper. Oh you know, whatever pays best. Little bartending, used to teach tennis, played a little competition ... .
So, what is it you do, Mister...?
I don't know.  I have to make a stop in Vegas.  Business to finish.  Then maybe I'll head to Santa Barbara.  I might be able to pick up some action there.
Where you headed?
I guess I've got wander in my blood.
You've been around.
All over.  Chicago, Houston, Detroit.  Just lately Dallas.
Where you coming from?
And here I've made you all hot and sweaty.
Not until my car's fixed.  I don't know how long that's going to take.
You're lucky you didn't break down in the desert.  Day like today, you'd be dead in no time. When you leaving?
Didn't have a choice.  My car overheated up the road.
Drove into Superior?  What for?
I just drove in this morning.
You don't have that dead look in your eyes like the only thing you live for is to get through the day.
Why you say that?  Just because I help a lady with her package?
You're not from around here, are you?
You're welcome, Grace.
Thank you, Bobby.
That's all right.  I got it.
Oh, this isn't my car.  It's down a ways. I should have parked closer.  I just didn't think it would be so heavy.  I could drive up.
Wasn't nothing.
No trouble at all, really.
It's very nice of you to help me.  That package is kind of heavy, and it's so hot.
You should be more careful.
Accident.
What happened to your hand?
No, I've got it.
Do you want me to carry your pack for you?
I got it.
You sure you can manage?
Jesus.
May I carry your package, Grace?
It's Grace.
I like that about me, beautiful.
You're pretty full of yourself, aren't you?
Maybe, but if you didn't I think you would have kept on walking.
Maybe I don't want you to.
I don't know your real name.
Do you have to call me that?
My name is Bobby.  Now I'm not a stranger anymore.  See how easy it is for us to get to know each other, beautiful?
My mother told me never to accept offers from strangers.
That's right on my way.
I'm just going to my car?
Can I give you a hand, beautiful?
Sounds like it. I wish I could help Sheriff, but I just want to get my car and get on up the road.
There was a young fellow over at Jamilla's today when it got hit.  Way she tells it he got whacked around good by one of the robbers.
Yeah, fell down and hit a rock. Not as bad as it looks.
That's a nasty cut you got there.
No, sir. I'm not going to be around long if that's what you're worried about.
Seen you popping up a little bit of everywhere today.  You're not planning on staying are you?
Get in.
Harlin's.
Where ya goin'?
Son.  Little excitement out at the reservation this morning. Wayne and Dale Elkhart were up drinking all night and then Wayne starts chasing Dale around the desert with his shotgun. BIA handled it. I went by for backup.
Morning, officer.
Shit I'm sorry!...you can't believe the strain I'm under. I'm just under a lot of strain here.
What'd you say to me!
A hundred and ... Now you listen to me you deadbeat little punk:  I don't care if you got hit by a truck and run over by a steamroller.  You owe me thirteen-thousand dollars and <u>I want it</u>.  I don't care how you get it, or where from, but I want it on my desk tomorrow, or I'll show you what real bad luck is.
A hundred-forty-five would probably cover it.
...Now, let me get this straight. Two years you give me problems with your fuckin' payoffs. Now you owe me thirteen-thousand dollars, you call me - collect - then ask me to wire you one-hundred-fifty dollars just so you can get your car fixed.
Yeah, if you could send it care of...
But which I can get. No problem. Look, I can sell my car in Vegas. Blue book it's worth 16 at least. I just need the 150, uh...
Which you don't have.
Mr. Arkady, honest, I ad to beat it outta there before the cops showed. So now I don't have a cent to my name. I can't even get my car out of the garage.  I tell you, Mister...  if it weren't for bad luck I wouldn't have nay fuckin' luck at all, you know?   So, I was wondering if you could wire me a hundred fifty-dollars so I could get my car out of this garage, see?  The bus depot here has a Western Union thing.  And of course I'll pay it back with the rest of the money.
With a <u>shotgun</u>!  She kills <u>both</u> of 'em, and... and the money in my bag gets all shredded to bloody pieces. Not one bill is left alive.  I mean, what are the odds?
The old lady?
No. Two of them. Two robbers. And they <u>both</u> get nailed... get shot by the old lady.
...And let me guess.  This robber -- he gets your money.
Right, Mr. Arkady. And that's not the half of it. I got your money, and I go into this little grocery store in this hicktown to get something to eat and then... well, it gets <u>robbed</u>!
"Arkady"
And that's not the half of it, Mr. Arkadin...
That's a shame, Bobby.  A real shame.
I'm sorry.  It's just ... you know ...
Keep your change.  Bus three-twenty-three. Leaves at seven fifty two, tonight.
The ticket is 30.55.
Twenty-seven, fifty.  That's all I got.
30.55. Twenty more will get you back.
One way.
One way, or round trip?
How much?
How about Ciudad Juarez? You could take a local, arrives in two hours, and transfer in Albuquerque. It'll get you across the border.
I don't care, just get me there.
Mexico is a large country. Where in Mexico would you like--
I ... Mexico.  You got a bus that goes to Mexico?  That's where I have to go.
But, in particular?
Out of here.
Where to?
I need a ticket.
Sure, I'll try.
Shasta!  Now why'd you go and scare the nice man like that?  Sorry about that, mister.  Let's see, you want $3.25.  You try to have a nice day now, would you?
I'll fuckin' take it. To go.
No.  Just plain ol' Miller. Now you can fuckin' take it or you can fuckin' leave it.
Genuine Draft?
No, we ain't got no Heineken.  We got Miller.
Heineken?
No Beck's. A-1, Coors...
Beck's.
What kind?
You got a beer?
I think I burned my gun hand!
Virgil!  Now look at what you done!  Are you all right?
Son of a bitch!
Flo, I'm just gonna help myself to a refill on the coffee.
Let me get your change.
More like Jenny is after every man she sees.
You know how that Toby is.  Thinks every man he sees is after his Jenny.
What was that all about?
My lord, that little baby of yours Virgil, has gotten cuter'n a bunny's nose.
...But I bet the story she <u>didn't</u> tell you was the best story of all. How old crazy Jake <u>was really her Papa</u>. And she <u>liked</u> fucking Papa! And now she's killed the sonufabitch! Just like she's gonna kill you!
Goddamnit Virgil, stop!  Don't!
You sound just like Jake... I did see into the future, Virgil, but you weren't in it. Go back to your family. They love you.
I don't want the fuckin' money! I'm not gonna give up everything I got for a lousy 50,000 dollars. It's <u>you</u>. You <u>Grace</u> or nothing. The whole thing... I want you to be my wife.... What do you way Grace?
This road don't go to Globe, Grace -- where were you going to meet me?
No baby, you got it wrong.
You fuck this guy -- get him to do your dirty work and you think you can take the money and dump me?
Hell, no. That Wayne can't shoot when he's sober, much less drunk. He's lucky he didn't kill his own danged self.  Well, anyhow, you stay cool. Nice meeting you, son.
Anybody hurt?
Oh?
Well, he offered, and I just couldn't refuse. His car overheated.
Well it's about time. Looks like you found yourself a helper too.
Morning Sheriff. Got my drapes.
Morning Grace.
Like you helped her, Jake?
Help me, Grace, help...
Shhhh! Just like your Mama, always scared of things...
Jake, don't go out there. Call the sheriff.
There's someone in the house.
Yeah, I heard a key slapping against my ass.
You didn't hear something?
What's the matter?
No! No! Please!
You broke her heart! You broke your Mama's heart. You stole me! That's right. Fuck it away. But it ain't ever goin' away, cause your Mama -- she's like a hungry ghost baby, she won't go away, she won't leave ya alone.
Oh no! Oh please forgive me, Papa!
You been a bad girl, Grace. You took my heart from your Mama, didn't ya? You betrayed her! Like you did me. There ain't no forgivin' ya, girl!
Yes, yes, hit me...beat me, please.
Ya little bitch, you like it don't you! You like it this way -- rough and hard. Gotta go fuck around on me, like your Mama, but you always gotta come home to Daddy, don't you, cause you know Daddy's the best.
Nothing, Jake.  Absolutely nothing.
What the hell you looking at, girl?
I picked them out for you, Jake.  I thought you would like the colors.
They look nice.
You haven't even looked at them once.
They look nice.
You never said anything.  About the drapes.
I know.  I was here when your apprentice was helping you.  Remember?
I put up new drapes, Jake.
You spent a long time talking for a wrong number.  But then you make friends so easily.  Don't you, Grace?
Wrong number.
Who was that on the phone?
You stay away, Jenny.  I aim to mess him up, and that ain't a thing for a woman to see.
Toby!  Toby Tucker, leave him alone!
I said come on!
I want to stay.
Stay out of this, Jenny.  We got man's business to take care of. I ain't never taken no drugs, mister, and ...
Honest, Toby.  I just axed him for a quarter for the jukebox.
You shut your mouth, girl, and get back over to our table.  Now, I'm not going to axe you again, Mister.  What were you doing with my girl?
Aw, Toby, we weren't doing nothing.  We was just talking.
I axed you a question.
I want my lawyer!
Get out of the car, spread them. You can jawbone all you want or you have the right to <u>shut the fuck up</u>! You commie motherfucker. Either way you're goin' to the can.
What fuckin grocery store, you fucking shithead idiot! You call yourself a police...
What's that?  ..."concealed" is a definite no no in this town, Ivan. You know anything about Jamilla's grocery store?
What? You trying to bribe me, mister? Just cause you Russians ain't commies anymore, don't think money can buy everything...
I am Russian, da! I am also <u>rich</u> Russian, da? Maybe we work something out, my friend Sheriff?
Whoa, what kind of accent you got there? You one of them Russians?
Vat? I am going 5 miles an hour! I am looking town. I not even moving.
Where's the fire sweetheart? Don't know how they work things in Nevada, but we got speed limits in this state.
Yes.
Is that the entire message?
Ask if he can check how many sick days I've taken since I've worked here?
Proceed.
I had to put him down.
Wow.
I was in an accident once too. A horse almost trampled me to death.
Oh.
No sir he is not.  I read about you in the paper.
Is Noel in?
Yes?
I have a lock on the door.
What about Jeb?
I'll keep it in my office room.
I'm listening.
Do you see any Telletubbies around here?... Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it?... Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it?... No?... Well that's what you see at a toy store? Any you must think this is a toy store, cause you're in here shopping for an infant named Jeb. One of us has made a gross error and wasted the other person's valuable time...
What did I say?
No, no, no, no no... You need to go now.
No.
Four.
How old is Jeb?
My son Jeb. It's a gift for him.
Once again please?
You've made a considerably wise decision.
Wrap it up.
It's like you resent us David. Resent the life you have.
I don't know Megan.
Why?
That counts.
I had a nightmare one night and I didn't wake you up so you could tell me it was okay.  I think that was the first time.  Does that count?
Maybe it wasn't a specific moment, maybe it--
It's finished. I won.
What about the game?
Think carefully?
I'm not sure.
My turn.  When was the first time the thought popped into your head that we might not make it?
Soft and Wet. That's very interesting.
We're supposed to be honest.
What was that?
Soft and Wet, by the Artist Formerly Known as Prince.
My turn. What's your favorite song?
I didn't know that. Mine's still brown.
As a color, not as rust. You know, a rust colored paint or wood?
Rust?
...I think rust.
Jeremy what the hell are you doing?
He didn't do anything. He just told me his theory... It's sad when patients get like that. They loose reality.
Jesus.
Oh. Elijah Price came to visit me at the center today.
out again?
Yes.
Would you like to try going--
He's dealing with a lot of things.  I think he needs to find answers himself.
He's just laying in bed. He's pretty upset. He won't talk.
You use your sleeve.
What do I do when I'm around someone I know?
Not often, but it is possible. Most people get scared when they see the shadow of their limits. They don't know how long the shadow really is. They don't know how far away the real limits are standing... They stop out of fear.
...When you work with clients on machines, do they sometimes just jump up a level or two? Do something they didn't know they were capable of?
I was hoping you would call me, but... Anyway I decided not to wait.  I was thinking, it might be nice to go to dinner together.
I remember you.
My name is Megan Inverso. We went to college together.
Yeah? Megan where are you calling from?
Yes. Is this David?
Megan?
Oh.
I've come to a decision.
Matching shirt and shorts. It was brutal.
Oh shit...
The Mitchell barbecue three years ago.
When was the last time I wore pink?
No that's it.
Is there anything else you wanted to ask me while I'm up?... When was the last time you wore pink? When was the last time you drank soup standing up? Final call for strange questions at two in the morning.
Yes.
Is that what you wanted to ask me?
It means we're probably to tired to remember.
That's strange isn't it? Not remembering one fever... Or a cold... Or a sore throat. What do you think that means?
...I can't remember.
Megan, do you ever remember me getting sick?
Not a specific day. What's this about?
Do you remember me getting sick?
Okay.
I haven't been sick this year. I know that.
I don't know. It's been a while.
Oh.
He's asleep.
Is Jeremy okay?
I know.
I don't want to drag this out too long for Jeremy.
I'm still going to New York. Just not this second.
What does that mean?
I don't think I got the job in New York.
No. And I have been sick. I spent a week in a hospital when I was a boy recovering from pneumonia and almost drowning. Two skinny eight year old kids were playing around the pool. They were dunking me. I swallowed water. They didn't know it and they almost killed me.  Heroes don't get killed like that. Normal people do.
Are you finished?
You have a problem, Elijah. My wife is right. Somewhere along the line one of your bones broke and your mind just broke with it.
I never said you couldn't be killed. I never said that.
Stop messing with my life Elijah. My son almost shot me last night. He wanted to prove you were right.
That's not what I witnessed David.
I must have felt some lump in his back when I bumped him. Most guns have a black or silver handle. I had a fifty-fifty shot at the color.
The car accident you were in... Was there anyone else involved?
Quick.
One last question.
I have to go now.
Or he might have been carrying a silver handled gun tucked in his pants.
The guy might not have been carrying anything.
It's an exaggeration of the truth. Maybe it's based on something as simple as instinct. Like being able to touch someone and tell whether they've done something wrong... Or the level of what they've done wrong.
Okay, I don't want to play this game anymore.
Characters in comic books are often attributed special powers. X-ray vision, things of that sort.
Listen. I got to be on the sidelines during the game... You can get to your seat by taking the stairwell at--
You're skill.
I don't know what you're asking?
Have you ever tried to develop it?
Yes.
Telling when people have done something wrong?
Like what?
You have good instincts when it comes to things like that?
I got this picture of a silver handled gun tucked in his pants.  Like on t.v.
But not a knife?
I thought he was carrying something.
You thought he was carrying a knife?
Probably the army jacket. Those guys carry hunting knives and stuff for show.
How did you know that man you bumped was carrying a weapon?
I got you a seat in the seven hundred level.  It's nose-bleed territory, but at least you won't get spit on.
That guy in green. Sometimes people carry weapons in here. Then they drink too much. They're team isn't doing so well, bad things happen... We do random pat downs of the crowd to discourage people from carrying.  If he's carrying, he'll step out of line.
Is there a problem?
Just give me a minute.
You could have poured coffee in Starbucks, you could have learned to install track lighting in office buildings, you could have told people their horoscopes on the internet... You could have been one of ten thousand things... but in the end, you chose to protect people. You made that decision... and I find that very, very interesting.  Now all I need is your credit card number.
Are you for real?
Why is it, do you think, that of all the professions in the world... you chose protection?
We've already begun.
We're not proceeding anywhere together.
Not money.  But I appreciate your healthy cynicism in the manner. It will be wise for both of us to proceed with greatest caution.
What do you want?
I've come to understand that...  An ill advised purchase in the parking lot.
It's for last week's game.
I see guys like you all the time in my work. You find someone you think is emotionally vulnerable and you tell them a fantastic story, utterly convincing... and somewhere in there, you slip it in... 'I just need your credit card number','I just need a small down payment.'
You've misunderstood.
What's this about? This is obviously some scam. Is this where you tell me one of those pictures is like an investment?
Technically no. I gambled that you would attend the church service. I just waited for you.
At the church... You were following me weren't you?
What was your idea Elijah?
This city has had its share of disasters. Well publicized ones. It was around the time of that plane crash, when it first entered my head. And there it stayed, as I waited and watched the news over the years...  And then one day I see a news report on a train accident and its sole survivor who was miraculously unharmed.  And just like that, an idea blossoms into the flower of possible reality.
The life of an idea that has lived too long in my head.
You forgot the "Now I'm going to tell you what the hell is going on" step. See usually that comes before the, "It's over" Step. And it always, always comes before the "You can go" Step.  What is over?
You assumed wrong.
I assumed because of the train.
Was it serious?
In college. A car accident.
What's he talking about?
Your answer to my question. It's one thing to have never been injured in your life, but to state that you've never taken ill, well that's a whole new level.
Skeptical about what?
Seventy-five percent? That's not nearly good enough for me. I'm extremely skeptical.
Seventy-five percent.
How certain are you that you haven't been sick in your life?
I don't know for sure.  ...I don't think so.
You've never been sick?
Yes he is.
He's kind of a miracle.
I'm very proud of him.  He's been through a lot in his life. A lot of ups and downs, a lot of bad spells. A couple I'd thought had broken him... I mean emotionally.  They were bad... But he made it. Yes he did.
He's doing well today.
We are.
He's spoken of you. He says you're becoming friends.
It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm David Dunne.
I am. I'm helping him with the sale.
Just now. They want you to come down to his school.
When?
There's a message for you at the office. Your kid was hurt.
Yeah?
Consider him packed. I didn't like his attitude... Struttin around with a cane and shit.
Send him packing. I'm not walking all the way over there.
He's got the most beautiful eyes... The hell kind of question is that? He's a guy.
What's he look like?
Dunne, it's Jenkins, we got a guy at gate 17C with a bogus ticket. Says he knows you. He won't tell me his name.
Jeremy if you pull that trigger I'm going to leave! I'm going to go to New York.
Don't be scared.
Jeremy listen to what--
I'll just shoot him once.
I'm not. I just didn't connect it.
You're lying.
That was me they were talking about. I almost died. That was me.
Elijah was wrong.
YOU WON'T GET HURT...
You're secret identity.  That man was right.
Know what?
I know now.
Do you know why?
That's great.
I'm not scared.
I see.
I'm sleeping in my room.
There's no more left?
All of it.
How many did you put on that time?
Get mom.
What do you do if something happens?
Two hundred and seventy.
How much is it?
I lied.
How much did you take off?
What if he wasn't aloud to kick and you were really mad at him?
No Jeremy.
I mean if you knew karate?
No.
How much can you lift?
You put too much. That's two hundred and fifty pounds.
What if you only ate foods that were good for you and you worked out everyday for a year?
No.
What if you worked out everyday for six months? You think you could beat him then?
No.
You think you could beat up Mike Tyson? I mean before he started wiggin out and eating people's ears?
There's nothing to do.
I'll help you.
I'm going to work out.
What things?
Jeremy.  I'm going in. I have to do some things.
Just one--
Why'd you do that?
Just play one set of downs. I told them you were great.
I'm going to go in.
In under six seconds.  I've heard.
He going pro in the draft. They say he can run the fifty--
How about your room then? If you get scared like before, you can come back in here?
I won't make any noise.
I think it's be better if I was alone.
I want to sleep here tonight.
Jeremy, why don't you go sleep with your mom?
That's what I said to my son. He said, there's always two kinds. The soldier villain who fights the hero with his hands, and then there's the real threat. The brilliant and evil arch enemy who fights the hero with his mind.
He doesn't look very threatening.
Is David Dunne there?
Yeah, hello.
This kid is six foot two, two hundred and forty pounds. He runs the fifty in under six seconds. He's going to be a God.
Not really.
I'm meeting a player from Temple University. He's a cornerback. You like football?
You represent someone in Philadelphia?
But I'm afraid of water, so that's been holding my career back a little bit.
Is that right?
What a coincidence? I'm a male synchronized swimmer and I'm looking for representation.
It's my field. I represent athletes. I'm an agent.
You like sports?
No.
Did you get up from your seat?
No.
Was your family traveling with you?
Yes. Where are the rest of the passengers?
In the passenger car?
Against a window.
Where were you sitting on the train?
Fine.
You are in the emergency room of the University of Pennsylvania Hospital. You were in a serious accident.  How's your vision?
Okay.
How are you feeling?
I believe comic books are based loosely on reality -- I believe there are real life equivalents of the heroes in those books that walk the earth -- I believe your husband is one of those individuals.
For a second there I thought you were a fanatic.
I own a comic book museum. It's called the Limited Edition.
Is this a religious thing?
And what was that explanation?
There have been three major disasters in this city over the last four years. I've followed each one of them... A Seven-three-seven crashes on take off. One hundred and seventy-two die. No survivors... A hotel fire downtown. Two hundred and eleven die. No survivors... And am Amtrak train derails seven and half miles outside of the city. One hundred and thirty one die. One survivor. He is unharmed.  I've spoken with your husband about his survival. I suggested a rather unbelievable explanation. Since then, I've come to believe, that my explanation, however unbelievable, is in fact, true.
...And everyone lived happily ever after.
Any way, fate stepped in and took football out of the equation.
You and my mother would have a special connection.
Football wasn't the kind of life I wanted... For ten years I'd be by the phone waiting for a call telling me he broke his neck in a practice game. And if it wasn't that call, it would be a call telling me he blew out his knee or suffered his third concussion. I've seen way too much of it in my job... I can barely take it when my clients are in pain.  I don't hate the game. I admire the amount of skill it involved and, like everyone else, I was in awe of how he could play it, but I couldn't give him my heart and then have something happen to him. And it always does with that game.  It's not a thing many people would understand.
How so?
...See my husband was a big football star in college and we were in an accident together. Our car flipped on an icy road. We were both injured. He couldn't play football anymore.  If that hadn't happened, we wouldn't have been together.
Now you're going to have to tell me more.
How did you get together?
Twelve years.
How long have you been married?
We're going to prevent any substantial atrophy of your good leg with this.  It works the quadriceps.
On a bench, across the street.
Where is it?
Well, go get it then.
Forget why. Do you want it or not?
Why?
...I got a present for you.
You can't do anything about that. You might fall between that chair and this television. If that's what God has planned for you, that's what's going to happen. You can't hide from it in your room.
I'm not going out anymore. I'm not getting hurt again. This was the last time. I told you.
No more sitting in this room. I've let it go on long enough.
Innocent of what?
You just kicked the shit out of a innocent man, you big asshole.
On account of they seen you was beatin' on their friend.
If they was just here for the fuckin', how come they lit out the back window?
Like whores?
Ain't you seen enough blood for one night? Hell, Alice, they ain't loafers nor tramps nor bad men. They're hard workin' boys that was foolish. Why if they was given over to wickedness in a regular way...
For what they done? Skinny gets some ponies an' that's...?
I fined 'em instead.
You... you ain't even gonna... whip 'em?
But what they done, they...
Whippin' ain't a little thing, Alice.
A whippin'? That's all they get? After what they done?
All she done was... when she seen he had a teensy little pecker... she gave a giggle. That's all. She didn't know no better.
No?
She's gonna live.  She didn't steal nothin', She didn't touch his poke.
Thank God.
Rain's coming.
What you gonna do when somebody comes to collect?  FUCK 'EM? FUCK 'EM A THOUSAND TIMES?  The kind of people who'll come after that thousand, they won't tolerate if you don't have it. They won't just cut your face up a little.  STUPID CUNTS!
We was... lyin'.
You told them cowboys you had it.
We ain't got it. We ain't got no money.
Where'd you get the money, huh?
I told you, he don't have no wife, not aboveground, anyhow.
He said...
What wife? He don't have no wife.
That Kid... he's just a... boy. And that other one, Bill, being true to his wife...
What did you think, they come clear up from Kansas to fuck us?
I didn't think they'd really do it.
Ah, I see.
Don't matter. They burned the table in '78 for firewood.
Billiards, eh? Even though I don't really wish to play?
Down the street and across. Greely's Beer Garden and Billiard parlor. Just ask for Alice and say you want a game of billiards.
Now this Strawberry Alice person, tell me again.
A wise policy. But if you did, I can assure you, the sight of royalty would cause you to dismiss all thoughts of bloodshed and stand... in awe.  Whereas, a president... I mean, why not shoot a president?
I wouldn't point no pistol at nobody, sir.
Why, if you were to point a pistol at a King or a Queen, sir, I can assure you your hand would shake as though palsied...
Just wondered. Anybody could be scared.
Little Bill come out of Kansas an' Texas, boys. He worked them tough towns.
We never seen him up against any... like these ones... killers.
Maybe he ain't so tough.
Asked what they looked like, that's all. Christ, maybe he's tough but he sure ain't no carpenter.
He didn't say nothin', huh?
Little Bill? He didn't say nothing. Like I said, he was buildin' his porch. Have you seen that thing?
What'd he say?
'Course he's coming.
He's coming ain't he?
Building his porch!
Ha. He was building his fucking porch.
Where's Little Bill for Christ sake?
Well, Ned, you'll want to tell me an' Mister Beauchamp here all about them two villainous friends of yours, I guess.  Bring him in, boys, for I will be glad to know the names and the whereabouts of those other two murdering sonsofbitches.
Didn't give us nothin' but his own name... Ned Roundtree.
He give 'em names?
Nope.
He tell you where them others is?
Don't matter, we don't need no whips.  Spring comes an' Skinny don't have them ponies, I'm gonna...
I couldn't find no bullwhips, Bill. The German...
Hell, you know how Skinny is. Says he's gonna shoot 'em... an I says, "Skinny, you can't do that," an' he says, "Well, then get Little Bill down here an' let's settle this" an' I says, "Bill's sleepin', Skinny," an'...
...wouldn't let you settle it, huh?
Uh... yeah. Yeah. She's uh... watchin' over the little ones.
She back in Kansas?
Yeah, I guess.
I admire that, you being true to your wife. I've seen a lot of... of men... who weren't.
Yeah. See?
Your wife?
You're a beautiful woman an'... if I was to want a free one, I guess I'd want you more than them others. It ain't... See... I can't have no free one on account of my wife...
I... I guess not.  I didn't mean I didn't want one 'cause of you bein' cut up. I didn't mean that.
I didn't mean... with me. Alice and Silky, they'll give you one... if you want.
Me? No. No, I guess not.
You want... a free one.
Oh. Yeah.
Alice an' Silky gave them... free ones.
Free ones?
Advances?
Them other two, they been takin' advances on the payment.
Yeah, I guess.  There's still a payment, ain't there?
Are you really going to kill them?
That big guy lookin' for me?
I brought your hat. You... left it down at Greely's.
I thought I was gone. See them birds? Most times I wouldn't even notice them birds much. But I'm noticin' 'em real good 'cause I thought I was dead.
Three days? I must be.
Three days. Are you hungry?
Oh. How long I been here?
On the Bar T... looking for... them.
Scouting?
They went out scouting when they saw your fever broke.
I didn't mean no offense.  I guess you're the one them cowboys cut up.  Ned an' The Kid, my partners, are they... ?
You don't look nothin' like me, mister.
Some big guy beat the shit out of me.  I guess I must look a lot like you, huh?
You ain't dead.
I thought... you was an angel.
Oh yeah.
Mmmm pistols.
Enemies, Bob? You been talking about the Queen again? On Independence Day?
You leave me at the mercy of my enemies.
Be careful with those, sonny.
Charley, see what kind of "books" Mister Beauchamp is packing... but watch you don't get wet.
I guess not, Bob. I don't like guns around.
Not really...  Maybe a couple of Peacemakers...  I imagine you could overlook those, eh, Bill? If you didn't see them... or hear them?
Oh.
Books. He's my biographer.
WW Beauchamp... Little Bill Daggett and... "friends."
I heard that one myself, Bob. Hell, I even thought I was dead til I found out it was just I was in Nebraska.  Who's your friend?
What I heard was that you fell off your horse drunk and broke your neck.
Well, I was always tasting the soup two hours after I et it.
Little Bill, I thought you were dead. I see you shaved off your chin whiskers.
Been a long time, Bob. You run out of Chinamen?
Shit and fried eggs.
Hullo, Bob. Boys, this here is English Bob.
You an' Andy get the hell out there. Find out where them other two went.
Uh... a little, maybe.
Those cowboys messin' him up?
No... but I guess he will soon enough. Had a Spencer rifle on him an' he was...
He admit it?
Hell, yeah. A bunch of us Bar T boys went out lookin' on account of them killin' one of our own. We come across this fucker on a roan goin' South an'...
Alive?
We got one of them fuckers, Sheriff, out by Cow Creek, we...
Nope. They'll stay out on the Spade country where they got friends.
Well, I guess they'll just up an' run anyhow, them two.
I could run off them whores.
You could run off them two cowboys.
That much, huh?
You know how women kin lie... I knock 'em around a little, ask 'em where the money is, they say they don't have none?... but they coulda squirreled away that much, the five of 'em. Maybe. 
They really got all that money, them whores?
Oh, shit, Bill, I guess nobody's gonna come clear from Texas.
Word must have got all the way to Texas by now.
I didn't hear nothin' till last night.
All week?
Yup.
An' all them cowboys been riding that beef down to Kansas an' Cheyenne?
...They been fuckin' 'em, 'an tellin' every bow-legged one of 'em how they're payin' a thousand dollars to whatever sonofabitch kills them two boys which cut up Delilah.
Shit, Skinny, we got railroad barons an' cattle barons, but you' re gonna be the first of the billiard barons.
Them whores, they been fuckin' an' fuckin' all them cowboys that come into town the last two weeks...
Yeah?
Porch. I'm puttin' a porch on her so's I can puff my pipe of an evening an' drink my coffee an' watch the sun set.
What's all that wood?
Roof? Jesus, Skinny, I done practically every damn thing myself. Roberts boy hauled wood, that's all.
Heard you done the roof yourself.
Huh? Hullo, Skinny. Snuck up on me.  How do you like her?
Hit your finger, huh?
You boys are off of the Spade Outfit. Got your own string of ponies?
She could maybe clean up around the place or somethin', but nobody's gonna pay good money for a cut-up whore.
Hell no. Leastways, they won't pay to do it.
You figure nobody'll want to fuck her.
Damaged property. Like if I was to hamstring one of their cow ponies.
Property.
This here's a lawful contract... betwixt me an' Delilah Fitzgerald, the cut-whore. Now I brung her clear from Boston, paid her expenses an' all, an' I got a contract which represents an investment of capital.
No?
Shut up, Alice. Little Bill, a whippin' ain't gonna settle this.
I'll see you... in hell, you three fingered asshole.
"Deserve" don't mean shit, Little Bill.
I don't... deserve this... to die this way. I was... building a house.
I have done that... killed women and children... I have killed most everything that walks or crawls an' now I have come to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.  Now step aside. boys.
I guess you are Three-Fingered Jack out of Missouri, killer of women and children.
He should have armed himself if he was gonna decorate his saloon with the body of my friend.
Well, uh... it ain't loaded.
There ain't no snakes in here, Mister Hendershot.
Uh... yeah. Yeah.
I guess you just carry it for snakes an' such.
I... I guess I might... but like I said, I ain't armed.
Well, Mister Hendershot, if I was to call you a no good sonofabitch an' a liar, an' if I was to say you shit in your pants on account of a cowardly soul... well, I guess then, you would show me your pistol right quick an' shoot me dead, ain't that so?
Uh, William... uh... Hendershot.
What's your name?
Like I said, I...
You're spillin' your whiskey, mister.
I... dunno. I mean, I guess not. No, they ain't carryin' no guns.
Them friends of yours in the back, they carryin' pistols?
Well... uh... I... I ain't got no, uh, firearms.
Ordinance says you got to turn in your firearms to the County office day or night. I guess you didn't read it with the weather an' all.
Uh, no. No, I ain't drunk.
Uh... hang the... uh... carpenter. I...
What?
Maybe you should... hang the carpenter.
Huh? Oh.  Another one, huh? Shit, I guess I'm clean out of receptacles.
Uh... Sheriff... Uh...
I do not like assassins an' men of low character like your friend English Bob... but Bob ain't no coward who will cry to your face an' then...
No,... but I can't abide them kind... an' you will find a lot of them in the saloons... tramps an' drunk teamsters an' crazy miners... sportin' pistols like they was bad men, but not having no sand nor character... not even bad character.
Did you... kill him?
"Well, Jim," I says, "it makes me sick to see a man struttin' around and packin' two pistols an' a Henry rifle and cryin' like a baby."
Give it to him.
R-r-r-really? You r-r-really w- wwant...?
Wouldn't be no good if it wasn't. You got to cock it though.
Is... is it... loaded?
Them's the keys. All you gotta do is shoot me an' you an' English Bob can ride out free as birds.
Then he will kill you. That is why there are so few dangerous men like old Bob there... an' like me. It ain't so easy to shoot a man anyhow... an' if the sonofabitch is shootin' back at you... well, it'll unnerve most fellas.  Look here, let me show you somethin'.  See this here pistol?
But... if he doesn't miss?
He will be hurryin' and he will miss. That there is as fast as I can pull an' aim an' hit anythin' more'n ten feet away... unless it's a barn.
But if the other fellow is quicker and fires first...
Well he wasn't gonna wait for Corky to grow no new hand. He walked over real close, bein' drunk, an' shot him through the liver.
You... you mean...  English Bob killed him while...?
Bam! That Walker Colt blew up in his hand... which was a failing common to that model. Now if Corky would have really had two guns instead of just a big dick he could have defended himself to the end.
And?
Well, that bullet whizzin' by panicked Corky, an' he done the wrong thing! Pulled his gun in such a damn hurry he shot off his own toe. Meantime, Bob aims good and squeezes off another... but he's so drunk he misses again an' hits the thousand dollar mirror behind the bar. Well, now the Duck of Death is good as dead 'cause this time Corky does right an' aims real good, no hurry...
Some folks did call Old Corky "Two Gun" but not because he was sportin' two pistols but because he had a dick so big it was longer than the barrel on that Walker Colt he carried. An' the only insultin' he done was stickin' that big dick of his in some French Lady that Old Bob was sweet on... Well, one day Corky walked into the Blue Bottle and before he knows what's happening Bob takes a shot at him... and misses on account of he's drunker than hell.
But he was called...
First off... Corky didn't carry two pistols, though he should of.
You were there?
Well, Mister Beauchamp, I was at the Blue Bottle Saloon in Wichita the night English Bob killed Corky Corcoran... an' I didn't see you there... nor no woman, nor no twogun shooters nor nothin' like that.
I believe that to be an accurate description of the events, sir... albeit there is a certain poetry to the language which...
Duck, I says.  "You have insulted the honor of this beautiful woman, Corcoran," said the duck. "You must apologize." But Two Gun Corcoran would have none of it and, cursing, he reached for his pistols and would have killed them but The Duck was faster and hot lead blazed from his smoking sixguns." 
Duke.
Meaning the duck himself, I guess.
Uh... I can assure you, Mister Daggett... the events described within are based... on the accounts of eye witnesses and...
Well, Mister Beauchamp... from what I read of this here book, I'd have to say the writin' ain't a whole lot different from the pitcher.
Uh... It's... uh... generally considered desirable in the publishing business to... ah... take certain license in depicting the cover scene... for... ah... purposes involving the... ah, market place.
Uh... Duke.
That is you there, ain't it, Bob? The Duck of Death?
D-d-d-duke. The D-d-duke of Death.
The... Duck of Death.
A book, huh?  I guess that means you can read... An' I guess you boys seen them signs about surrendering your firearms... But then, like you told old Andy there, you ain't armed, are you, Bob?
It's only a b-b-b-book...
Letters?
N-no. I wr-wr-wr-write... I wr- wrwrite...
You work for the railroads too, Mister Beauchamp?
Lemmee see that Schofield, Kid.
N-no, sir?
Didn't scare Little Bill though, did it?
He said how you was really Three Fingered Jack out of Missouri... an' Bill said "Same Three Fingered Jack that dynamited the Rock Island and Pacific in '69 killin' women and children an' all?" An' Ned says you done a lot worse than that, said you was more cold blooded than William Bonney or Clay Alisson or the James Brothers an' how if he hurt Ned again you was gonna come an' kill him like you killed a U.S. Marshall in '73.
Not on purpose. But he started hurtin' him worse... makin' him tell stuff. First ned wouldn't say nothin'... but Little Bill hurt him so bad he said who you was...
An' Little Bill killed Ned for what I done?
A cowboy come in sayin' you killed Quick Mike in the shit house at the Bar T...
Then... what?
L-lies... at first. About how you was just passin' through and didn't kill nobody... an' Little Bill kept askin' questions, mixin' him up, catchin' lies... an' then he'd beat on Ned an' Ned would cry and lie some more an' then... then...
What'd Ned say?
About where you an' him  was... an' where you was from... an' what your names was... an'...
The questions Little Bill asked him... what sort of questions was they?
They got a sign on him in front of Greely's?
In front of Greely's. It says, "This here is what happens to..."
A sign on him?
They got... a sign on him says he was a killer.
Good example! Good example of what I'd like to know? He didn't even kill nobody... he couldn't do it no more.
N-no. He... he beat him up. He was making him... answer questions... and beating him up... and then... Ned just died.  Little Bill didn't mean to kill him... he said he was sorry an' all... but he said it was a good example anyhow.
He hanged him?  Shot him down?
Little Bill. The... the Bar T boys caught him and Little Bill...
Who killed him?
Nobody didn't kill Ned, he went South yesterday. He didn't even kill nobody. Why would anybody kill Ned?
They... they killed him. I... thought you know that. I thought you knew because...
No he ain't. He went South yesterday.
He's... he's dead.
Yeah, he went South ahead of us. I guess we'll catch him before...
Ned's share?
Silky an' Faith, they rode off to the East an' two deputies was followin' them.
I was watchin' you... seein' if you was followed.
Stay clear of folks you might see. There's plenty out lookin' to hang you. Go on now, skedaddle.
You're gonna kill him, ain't you?
I guess you won't mind my keepin' the bottle.
Are you... Are you gonna... kill Little Bill?
This here money, take my share an' Ned's an' leave it with my youngsters. Tell 'em half goes to Sally Two Trees if I ain't back in a week. The rest is yours... you could buy them spectacles.
I'd rather be blind and ragged than dead, I guess.
I thought you wanted to buy spectacles an' fancy clothes an' all.
You could have it. All of it.
You better get on back, Miss.
You... gonna take... the money?
Sure. Sure, Bill.
Lemmee see it.
Wha... what f-for?
Well, you don't wanna trust me too much. We'll take Ned his share together so you don't figure I run off with it.
I trust you, Bill.
We all got it comin', Kid.
Well, I gu-guess they had it... comin'.
It's a hell of a thing, ain't it, killin' a man. You take everythin' he's got... an' everythin' he's ever gonna have...
Oh Ch-ch-christ... it don't... it don't seem... real... How he's... DEAD... how he ain't gonna breathe no more... n-n-never. Or the other one neither... On account of... of just... pullin' a trigger.
Take a drink, Kid.
H-hell yeah. I killed the hell out of him... three shots... he was takin' a sh-sh-shit an'... an'...
Well, that fella today, you shot him alright.
How I said I shot five men... it wasn't true.  That Mexican... the one that come at me with a knife... I busted his leg with a shovel... I didn't shoot him or nothin'.
Yeah?
First one I ever killed.
First one what?
That was... the first one.
Yeah.
Say, Bill...
Shit... I thought they was gonna get us. I was even... scared a little... just for a minute.  Was you ever scared in them days?
Yeah, I guess so.
Just SHOOT!
I can't see 'em.
Cover me, Kid, while I mount.
Yeah.
Did... you... get... him?
Yup.
Is it him?
You can shoot him.
You... you ain't gonna shoot him yourownself?
Yup.
Tell me right off if you see him.
He's in there.
Well, he's holding on to his shit like it was money.
Yeah, he's in there.
You still think he's in there?
It's gonna get riper yet.
Shut up, Kid.
You're gonna lose your share. If you don't...
After a ways.
When we gonna double back?
Yeah.
They takin' water?
Maybe, maybe not. Got him in the gut, I think.
He ain't killed.
I got him.
You missed him? You didn't...?
Better re-load it.
What happened, did you hit him?
Shit!
What rocks? Why don't you shoot? What's goin' on?
If he gets behind them rocks we ain't gonna get him... not without we go down there.
What happened? He ain't dead? What's goin' on?
He's clear of the horse, Ned. Better get him.
Did you kill him?
He got the boy's horse.
He ain't dead? You didn't get him?
Finish him, Ned.
You boys are crotchety as a couple of hens.
Get some sleep, Kid.
You don't recollect!
Well... I don't recollect.
An' how there was two deputies up close pointin' rifles at you... had you dead to rights... an' how you pulled out a pistol an' blew them both away to hell... an' only took a scratch yourself.  Uncle Pete told me he never seen nothin' like it, shootin' your way out of a scrape like that.
What business?
Say, Bill. That business in Jackson County... did that really happen? I mean how they say it happened?
Easy, Kid, easy.  Now, you hear that, Ned? The Kid can see fifty yards fine, hear?
Bet your ass I kin see fifty yards an' I kin shoot this sonofabitch...
Now hold on, boys, hold on. Now, Kid, you kin see fifty yards, can't you?
Lookin' at?
Well, what were you lookin' at anyhow?
Huh?
What the hell are you pissin' about, I'd like to know?
He's my partner. He don't go, I don't.
You're goin' back with him?
Sorry, Ned. Guess I wasted your time. See ya, Kid!
No.
Three ways, I figured.
I was gonna kill them two by myself. It don't take three.
Well, now Kid, there's two of these cowboys, ain't that so? Better there's three of us... maybe them cowboys got friends. Maybe...
Wasn't nothin' said about no partner.
Well, we was. Like you said, I changed my mind an'...
If you was to change your mind, might be you could catch me... due West to the Western Trail an' North to Ogallala.
I don't never see nobody anyhow.
Don't tell nobody about the reward an' all. Don't need no other gunmen tryin' to collect.
Oh.
Been gone near three years now.
Huh?
She's passed on, Kid.
Well... you don't look so prosperous. Hell, you could buy her a new dress out of your half. We could kill them two an' you could buy your wife one of them fancy...
I ain't like that no more, Kid. Whiskey done it as much as anythin' I guess.  I ain't touched a drop in ten years. My wife, she cured me of it... cured me of drink an' wickedness.
Thousand dollars of reward. Five hundred a piece.
Jesus!
For cuttin' up a lady. They cut up her face an' cut her eyes out, cut her ears off an' her tits too.
What for?
Bein' my partner. I'm headin' North up around the Niobrara in Nebraska. Gonna kill a couple of no good cowboys.
About what?
Well, how about it?
Oh.
On account of my Schofield model Smith and Wesson pistol.
Schofield? You from Schofield?
I'm a damn killer myself, only I ain't killed so many as you because of my youth. Schofield Kid, they call me.
He said that, huh?
Well, Uncle Pete said you was the goddamndest meanest sonofabitch ever lived an' if I ever wanted a partner for a killin', you was the worst one. Meanin' the best. On account of you're cold as snow an' don't have no weak nerve nor fear.
Maybe I ain't.
Like I was sayin' you don't look like no meaner than hell cold-blooded damn killer.
Yeah, I guess so.
I could of... easy.
You're Pete Sothow's nephew, huh? Hell, I thought maybe you was someone come to kill me...  ...for somethin' I done in the old days.
Hold on, mister.  Son, this here pig gotta be moved outta this pen, away from them others. Penny, you give yer brother a hand...
You shot Charlie Pepper, didn't you? And you're the one killed William Harbey an' robbed the train over...
Same one as shot Charlie Pepper in Lake County?
William Munny, yeah.
I could tell you who was last, mister.
Who was next? Clyde? Or was it...?
I was lucky in the order.  I always been lucky killin' folks.
Yeah?
Wh-wh-when confronted by superior numbers, the experienced gunfighter will fire on the best shots first.
Huh?
Wh-wh-who did you kill first?
Yeah.
B-b-books.  You... you killed five men... singlehanded.
A writer? What do you write... letters an' such?
I never c-c-carry arms. I'm... a writer.
You sure you ain't armed?
P-p-p-please, I'm not armed.  M-m-my G-god. You killed... Little Bill.
You ain't shot.
I... I... think I'm... shot.
Ned, don't pay no mind to what the Kid said about the money. I'll bring your share along, hear? The Kid's full of shit, hear?
I ain't waitin', Bill.  I'll look in on your youngsters when I get back.
I'll bet anything he won't go to town nor he won't ride out on the range. Right off he'll hole up at the ranch.
Supposin' he don't go to the ranch?
Me an' the Kid, we'll head over to the ranch an' as soon as we find him, we'll shoot him. Then we'll come back an' the three of us pick up the money an' head South together.
Shit, Ned, this ain't the time to quit.
You want the Spencer, Bill? 
We got to kill this other one first.  Shit, Ned, if we're lucky, we could kill him by nightfall... or maybe tomorrow morning. Then we could head back, all three of us, with the money.
I'm goin' on down to Kansas.
Two.
HOW MANY LEFT GODDAMIT?
She was all covered with worms. Oh, Ned, I'm scared of dyin'...
Well, that's good now, ain't it, Bill? Seein' Claudia an...?
I seen her... I seen Claudia too...
Easy, Bill, easy.
The angel... the angel of death. I'm scared, Ned. Ned, I'm gonna die.
Who, Bill? Who got snake eyes?
I seen the angel of death Ned, an' I seen the river.  He's a snake, he got... snake eyes.
Easy, Bill.
Ned... Is that you, Ned?  Ned, I seen... death.
Claudia... ain't here, Bill.
Listen, Bill, I'm gonna see what's takin' The Kid so long. Must be he's gettin' an advance offa them sportin' ladies.
Worms was comin' out.
Jesus, Bill, you got fever. Take a drink, will you?
His head was all busted open so's you could see the inside.
He's dead, Bill.
I seen him.
Huh? Uh... yeah.
You... you remember Eagle Hendershot?
You still think it'll be easy shootin' them cowboys?
Well, I ain't like that no more, Ned. I ain't no crazy, killin' fool.
I remember how there was three of them deputies you shot... not two.
Yeah?
What he was talkin' about... how them deputies had the drop on you an' Pete...
No.
I know it's rainin',  Give the Kid a drink, why dontcha?
God damn it, Bill, it's rainin'.
Not for me. I don't touch it no more.
I brung this for when we had to kill them fellows.  I guess we could use some now.
Last night I said I missed my fuckin' wife... tonight I just miss my fuckin' bed.
Yeah... you said that last night.
I give it up 'cause I hate sleepin' out in the air... fuckin' sticks in my food... an' fuckin' bugs in my food... an' fuckin' rocks under my back...  Shit, I sure do miss my fuckin' bed.
Fifty yards ain't bad.  Guess we better get along.
Jesus.
How far kin you see?
Shit.
Better'n you anyhow, Kid. You wasn't comin' close.
Now Ned's a hell of a shot with a rifle. Hell, he can hit a bird in the eye flyin'.
HEY KID, IT'S ME, BILL MUNNY.
Why would the Kid shoot at us?
IS THAT YOU, KID?
Kid? The Kid's shootin at us?
HEY, KID.
You're marking us, Bill.
HEY.
I didn't see nothin' planted.
You suppose maybe we're in somebody's field?
Beats the hell out of me.
He ain't shootin' our way no more.  He's shootin' over that way. Who's he shootin' at over that way?
Naw. I bumped my head fallin' off of my horse.
He hit you?
Yeah.
Some fucker's shootin' at us.
Sometimes... yeah.  I don't miss it all that much.
Whaddaya do, just use your hand?
Naw. Naw, I don't ever go into town for that.  A man like me... A man like me can't get no woman but one he's gonna pay for... an' that ain't right... buyin' flesh.  Claudia, God rest her soul, she wouldn't have wanted me doin' nothin' like that, me bein' a father, an' all. 
No. I mean...  ...an' get yourself a woman? You know?
Sure, I got to. Got to get supplies.
Say, Bill... You ever... ever go into town... an' all?
Hell, no. I'm just a fella now. Ain't no different from anyone else no more.
You ain't like that no more.
Quincy, he was always watchin' me. Scared.
Nor Quincy, I guess.
Eagle... he hated my guts. Bonaparte didn't like me none.
You ain't like that no more.
Nobody liked me... none of the boys. They was scared of me... figured I might shoot 'em out of pure meanness.
You was a... a crazy sonofabitch.
I ain't the same, Ned. Claudia, she... straightened me up, got me clear of the whiskey an' all. Us goin' to do this killin'... that don't mean I'm back to like I was. I just need the money... for a new start... for them youngsters.  Remember that drover, the one I shot in the mouth so's the teeth come out the back of his head? I dream about him now an' again. I didn't have no reason to shoot him... not one I could remember when I sobered up.
Well, she...
I ain't blamin' her, Ned, I ain't holdin' it against her.  She knew me back then... an' she seen what a no good sonofabitch I was... an' she won't allow how I've changed. She just don't know how I ain't like that no more.
It's just... she's a Indian an' Indians ain't... overfriendly.
She gave me the evil eye.
Sally?
It ain't nothin', don't fret it.  She don't like it much, you goin' off with me.
Well, it ain't just the bed I'm gonna miss. I'm...  Hell, Billy, I'm sorry. I didn't mean...
Got used to my bed. Ain't gonna feel to home out here.
We'll come across him tomorra, I guess.
He musta been movin' right along.
Yeah, an' I could still hit a bird in the eye flyin'.
Yup. You still got the Spencer rifle?
Three ways?
This Kid, what's he like?
Two weeks, I guess.
How long you gonna be, Bill?
Well, I guess they got it comin'...  But you wouldn't go if Claudia was alive.
Cut up a woman. Cut her eyes out, cut her tits off, cut her fingers off... done everythin' but cut up her cunny, I guess.
Well, we thought we was doin' it for money...  What'd they do anyhow? Cheat at cards, steal some strays, spit on a rich fella?
We done stuff before for money, Ned.
Easy, huh? Hell, I don't know that it was all that easy then... an' we was young an' full of beans.  Bill... if you was mad at 'em... if they done you wrong... I could see shootin' 'em...
Eleven.
How long since you shot a gun at a man?  Nine... ten years?
Should be easy killin' em... supposin' they don't run off to Texas first.
We ain't bad men no more, Bill. Hell, we're farmers.
Naw, son, I didn't kill nobody.
I guess you didn't kill nobody then.
Before I met your maw, God rest her soul, it used to be I was kinda... wicked... drinkin' spirits an' gettin' into scrapes an' all. Only she made me see the error of my ways an'... I ain't like I was no more.
N-nobody... only you took your shotgun an' that pistol an'...
Who said that?
K-k-kill somebody?
What?
No... I meant...
Steal it? Naw, I didn't steal it.
All that money... I mean... did you...?
Did I what?
Did you... did you... ?
Well, I come back, didn't I?
Tom? Only how... how if you didn't... didn't come back in a week...  how we was to take half the money to Sally an' say you was...
He say anythin'... The Kid... ?
Only he wasn't carryin' no pistol this time.
The Kid, yeah...
The one you rode out after... the one that had the pistol...
Tom?
That fella come by... Tom.
Three? That ain't bad considerin'.
Three.
I guess you lost some hogs to the fever.
Hullo, paw.
Best we move that pig.
Who's he?
Two more hogs got the fever.
What is it, son?
Hell, yeah.
Yeah?
I told you I'm a damn killer. I done it before.  I'm more killer than him.
Just like that?
I'll ride up close an' shoot 'em!
An' if I spot 'em?
I can't spot 'em myself but you could. That red-haired one, you could spot a half-mile off, I bet.
You mean, am I gonna help you kill them cowboys?
That ain't what I mean.
We'll bury him.
Well, suppose he does?
Maybe.
He's gonna die, ain't he?
Well I guess Bill Munny wasn't no fearless killer an' bank robber like he said.
We done that stuff.
All of it. About him, an' you an' Uncle Pete... about robbin' the Rock Island Pacific... an' about them Missouri Banks.
Depends what he told you.  About Bill, you mean?
We don't need him. The two of us could do it.
I don't kill nobody without him. 
Three days? We could kill 'em tomorrow.
We're gonna need more food... at least three days worth...
That was your idea, I wanted to...
Shit, Kid, you pulled your pistol... right outta the lady an' out the back window.
Well, I guess I woulda at least pulled my pistol an...
He ain't as tough as you, Kid.
He didn't even pull his pistol, huh?
He wouldn't of took no beating like that if it hadn't of jammed. He wouldn't just give it over an' not shoot no one.
Move the candle closer, I can't see.
His pistol must of jammed.
Plenty of times.
Jesus.  You done this before?
Five. I killed five of 'em.  That counts a Mexican I killed.  He come at me with a knife.
How many you killed, Kid?
Well, I gotta know what kind of fellas I'm ridin' with, don't I? In case of a scrape.
I don't like the question.
How many men you killed?  Ain't you gonna answer?
Yeah.
Say, Ned... ?
I ain't blind, you asshole.
He's blind, for Chri...
Fuck you.
See that scrub oak yonder?
More.
We ain't goin' to Nebraska on no turtle hunt. A hundred yards?
Far enough.
I'm a damn good shot.  See that hawk up there? I could kill that hawk with one shot.
Yeah?
You was right to change your mind, Kid.
Oh, them.  Hell, I seen them.
Clouds, Kid. We was lookin' at them clouds on account of we got a storm ridin' up our ass.
You gonna share your half with him?
Well, you was shootin' every which way an'...
Nothin's bent.
I was only checkin' it for you. Thought maybe somethin' was bent.
I seen two fellas followin' me, I guessed they come to kill me.  We didn't talk about no other fella.
Well, this here's Ned Logan... Ned, this here's the Schofield Kid, nephew of Pete Sothow an'...
Thought you was followin' me.
What was you shootin' at us for, anyhow?
There's more.
Keyser Soze
And ?
A boy came across a body on the beach this morning. Thrown clear when the boat burned. Shot once in the head. Two guys from the F.B.I. just identified him.                     +
Bear with me here...
Who ?
They tell me you got the cripple from New York in there. He mention Keyser Soze
I don't get it.
He didn't know. No one doing the deal knew except a few key people. This guy says they were real hush about it. Whatever it was it was highly sensitive.
What was the money for?
We know, but our man says no way on the dope. This Hungarian tells me the whole bunch was pulling stumps for Turkey the next' day. They had no time to negotiate that kind of product and no means to move it.
There was ninety-one million -
You can stop looking. There was no coke. I've been in L.A. county with a guy they
Yeah.
I've been looking all over for you. You still after the coke that walked out of that blood bath in the harbor?
Jack. What are you doing here?
He says the hair is longer and lighter.
&lt;&lt;Don't be stupid.&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;Are you sure?&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;It is longer than that. And not so dark. &gt;&gt;
+ The nose is sharper. Smaller too.                          +  &lt;&lt;And what about the hair? You said something earlier about it.&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;It was smaller than that. Sharper.&gt;&gt;
He says he knows his face. He sees it when he closes his eyes.
&lt;&lt;Keyser Soze. Keyser Sate. I've seen his face. I see it when I close my eyes.&gt;&gt;
No good. He needs guarantees. He says... his life is in danger... He has seen the Devil... looked him in the eye.
&lt;&lt;No, no, no. I need a guarantee from the ridiculous man. I am going to be killed. I have seen the Devil and looked him in the eye.&gt;&gt;
&lt;&lt;I'll tell you everything. I'11 even say it slow enough for you to understand it. Just tell this man I want protection. Real protection.&gt;&gt;
Not dope. Something else. Some what?.. He doesn't knob what they were buying. But not dope... people.
He says they were buying It doesn't make sense. I'm sorry, I'm a little rusty. They were there to buy something.
&lt;&lt;We were there to buy a man and take him back to Hungary.&gt;&gt;
Edie, please.
I don't know what you came here for, but we won't have any part of it.
That's enough, Edie.
Alright.
Come home, Dean.
Dean, I love you. Do you hear me?
They ruined me tonight.
I love you.
They'll never stop.
Don't give up on me now, Dean.
No. It's never going to stop, period. It won't take more than a week before every investor in this city is walking away from us. It's finished. I'm finished.
Give me some credit. I got you this far, let's go to the grand jury. This is never going to stop if we -
Time for what, Edie? Time to look into me a little more, that's what. No matter how well you cover my tracks now, they'll find out who I am.
They just said they wanted time.
Goddamnit.
They want more time to think about investing.
Edie, please. I don't want to hear this right now. What did Renault and Fortier say?
I'11 have this thing in front of a grand jury by Monday.
Just forget about it.
...and the desk Sergeant is actually trying to tell me he can't release you? Can you believe that? You weren't even charged. New York police - Jesus. I want to take pictures of your face to bring to the D.A. first thing in the morning.
You've come far. You're a good man. I love you.
I'm having a stroke.
Now remember, this is another kind of business. They don't earn your respect. You owe it to them. Don't stare them down but don't look away either. Confidence. They are fools not to trust you. That's the attitude.
A hijacker like Dean, here? Or something more creative?
Umm ...
So what is it you do, Mr. Kint?
A glass of water would be nice.
I hope so, too, Mr. Kint. Can I get you something to drink?
I hope I didn't disturb you.
I know who he is.
I don't know. This is bad.
Come on. The guy is a pipe dream. This Kobayashi is using him for window dressing .
Yeah. He said he did jobs for him. Indirect stuff. Always five times more money than the job was worth.
I don't know. Who was that guy that used to talk about Soze in New York?
This is not right.
I don't want to know.
Fuck you. I'11 never shit right again. So who did it? Own up.
I had a guy's fingers in my asshole tonight.
It was the Feds. A truck load of guns gets snagged, Customs comes down on N.Y.P.D. for some answers - they come up with us. They're grabbing at straws. It's politics - nothing you can do.
So why the hell was I hauled in and cavity searched tonight?
How many times have you been in a line- up? It's always you and four dummies. The P.D. pays homeless guys ten bucks a head half the time. No way they'd line five felons in the same row. No way. And what the hell is a voice line-.up? A public defender could get you off of that.
This whole thing was a shakedown.
Forget him. It's not important. I was trying to make a point.
Do your friend a favor, Fenster, keep him quiet .
I'd say you've gotten on his main and central nerve, McManus.
The way I hear it, Soze is some kind of butcher. No pity.
It's bullshit. This guy could be L.A.P.D. I think it's a setup.
They fucking know everything.
Everybody I ever worked with, did time with.
RIGHT THERE. FREEZE.
DON'T MOVE, YOU FUCKERS.
We all go. How about it, Keaton?
Then who goes?
I'm sure you can understand my hesitation.
Why you gotta go and do that? I'm trying to make a point.
You are a criminal.
You're fuckin' A right, no P.C. Well screw P.C. No right. No goddamn right. You do some time, they never let you go. Treat me like a criminal, I'll end up a criminal.
Doubtful. With all that coke, they'll be ready - which brings me to sunny spot number two. Even if one of us gets through and jacks the boat, we get nothing.
Can we stealth these guys?
It's a logistical nightmare. Close quarters, no advance layout, ten men, maybe twenty.
Dig.
Keaton, we gotta go. They're gonna find him.
What do you care what he says?
Why don't you just calm down'
His name is Verbal Kint. I thought you guys knew him.
How do I know that? How about it, pretzel-man? What's your story?
He's alright.
The word I got is you hung up your spurs, man. What's that all  about?
You heard right.
If I'm going in, I want a stake.
Did you hear what he just said?
Me too.
I can run. I got no problem with that.
What are we gonna do?
Yeah, I was gonna tell you to shut up.
Roger really. People say I talk too much.
Hockney was just a bad bastard. Good with explosives. Mean as a snake when it mattered .
I know you. You don't think I know you're on the take. This whole fucking precinct is dirty. You don't have a fucking leg to stand on.
Just do what I tell you.
What if I
I want you to find Edie. Both of you find some place safe. Tell her what happened - Everything. She knows people. She'll know what to do. If we can't get Kobayashi my way, she'll get him her way.
Keaton, I can't just -
Hungarian?
Russian, I think. I don't know.
What-are they speaking?
Who's Keyser Soze?
What is this?
Something - I don't know.  I ever tell you about the restaurant I wanted to open?
What is it Keaton?
We'll make it.
Don't do this. Send her a card - something.
We'll make it.
Not if we do it my way.
No killing?
Maybe more.
Three million?
They're pretty pissed off. They'll do anything. Now I got a way to do it without killing anyone: but like I said, they won't let me in without you.
Fenster and Hockney?
McManus wants to go in shooting. I said no way.
How are they going to do it?
Forget it.  I'11 probably shit blood tonight.
Well, I'm sorry.
I'11 be alright.
You okay?
I was out of line.
Okay, okay. You say it's the real thing? That's cool.
You watch your mouth.
Don't tell me you don't need this. Is this your place?
Tough break.
They - They don't know me. You do. They won't take me unless you go. Look at me. I need this.
What's with you? What do you care whether I come or not?
You have to come.
Never heard of him.
Some guy in California. His name is Redfoot.
What fence? Who?
McManus has a friend in the Fourteenth Precinct. They're coming out for one job - Thursday. They're picking up a guy smuggling emeralds out of South America. Fenster and McManus have a fence set to take the stuff.
They - That's bullshit. They don't operate anymore.
Hurt you, you sonofabitch? I could kill you.
Don't hurt me.
If you'll just let me -
Get out.
They're gonna do a job. Three million dollars, maybe more.
I did you a favor by standing up for you last night, but don't think we're friends. I'm sorry, but I have other things -
I wanted to talk to you. The other guys -
What the hell do you want?
Verb - Roger, this is Edie Finneran. Edie, this is Roger Kint, he was at
How do you do?
I walked. Ninety days, suspended.
You were waiting for a line-up then, too. What happened with that?
County. I was in for fraud.
We've met once or twice. Last time was in...
Hey, that was your mistake, not mine. Did you ever think to ask me? I've been
You know damn well, dead-man.
with what?
This I had to see myself.
Let's say for example -
What time is it?
Ready?
I'd have to say my spine was broken, Keyser.
How are you, Keaton?
Am I? 92 92    INT. HALLWAY - FIFTIETH FLOOR
You're lying.
No matter. Kill away, Mr. McManus.
Edie Finneran. She is upstairs in my office for an extradition deposition. I requested she be put on the case personally. She flew out yesterday.
What did you say?
We'll see.
I am sorry, Mr. McManus.  f implore you to believe me, Mr. Keaton. Mr. Soze is very real and very                             + determined.
Neither do we.
Mr. So- My employer has made up his mind. He does not change it.
We know you can get to us, and now you know we can get to you. I'm offering you the chance to call this off.
Ahh, Mr. Hockney. Do join us.
A strange threat. I can only assume you're here to kill me anyway. Pity about Mr. Redfoot.
Listen to me, cocksucker. There is no Keyser Sate. If you say his name again, I'11 kill you right here.
Mr. Soze will be most -
The answer is no.
Mr. Redfoot knew nothing. Mr. Soze rarely                 t works with the same people for very long, and they never know who they're working for. One cannot be betrayed if one has no people.
What about Redfoot?
Mr. Soze made a few calls, yes. You were not to be released until I came to see you. It seems Mr. Keaton's attorney, Ms. Finneran, was a bit too effective in expediting his release. Holding the rest of you became a moot point.
You set up the line-up.
I work for Keyser Sate.
Don't jerk me off. We all know what this is. You don't work with me if I work with you without knowing who I'm working for. Now let's cut the shit. Who's the man?
My employer wishes to remain anonymous.
Who's your boss?
My employer requires your services. One job. One day's work. Very dangerous. I don't expect all of you to live, but those who do will have ninety-one million dollars to divide any way they see fit.
Tell him we'll meet.
He wants to meet you. He called last night and asked me to set it up. What do I tell him'
We want to meet him.
Some Limey. He's a middle-man for somebody. He doesn't say and I don't ask.
Who is he?
The job got thrown to me by this lawyer.
You didn't know.
Get a grip. I didn't know.
Ain't it a crime? Call if you're interested.
A little of both.
Business or personal?
Better you hear it from me now than somebody else later.
I shivved him.
I hear you did time with old Spook. Yeah, he was a good egg. I used to run a lot of dope for him. Fuckin' shame he got shivved.
A friend of mine in New York tells me you knew Spook Hollis.
Take your time. Enjoy L.A.
I've got a ton of work and no good people.
We're on vacation.
Nothing. Something I - forget it.
What?
A rumor is not a rumor that doesn't die.
Waste of time.
I'11 find him.
Keyser Sate or not, if Keaton's alive he'll never come up again.
No matter. He'll have to know how close we came.
Which is shit.
I know what I wanted to know about Keaton.
Where?
Someplace else, then.
He won't go into the interrogation room.
I want to see him.
Two hours, tops.
When does he post bail?
What'the fuck is that?
Weapons. Misdemeanor two.
Did they charge him with anything?
The D.A. came down here last night ready to arraign before they even moved him to county. Kint's lawyer comes in and five minutes later, the D.A. comes out looking like he'd been bitch-slapped by the boogey man. They took his statement and cut him a deal.
What do you mean I can't see him?
Kobayashi.
His name was Arturo Marquez. A petty smuggler out of Argentina. He was arrested in New York last year for trafficking. He escaped to California and got picked up in Long Beach. They were setting up his extradition when he escaped again. Get this - Edie Finneran was called in to advise the proceedings.
I don't think he does. Not exactly, but there's a lot more to his story. I want to know why twenty-seven men died on that pier for what looks to be ninety-one million dollars worth of dope that wasn't there. Above all, I want to be sure that Dean Keaton is dead.
That's crazy, Dave and it doesn't matter. He has total immunity and his story checks out. He doesn't know what you want to know.
You know damn well what I think.
And I am sure you have a host of wild                   + theories to answer these questions.
If it was a dope deal, where's the dope, if it was a hit, who called it in?
No, no, no, no, no.
This won't be an' interrogation, just a... friendly chat to kill time.
Even if I was to let you talk to him, he won't talk to you. He's paranoid about being recorded and he knows the interrogation rooms are wired
Maybe so, but I'm no rat, Agent Kujan. You tricked me, that's all. I won't keep my mouth shut 'cause I'm scared. I'11 keep it shut 'cause I let Keaton down by getting caught - Edie Finneran too. And if they kill me, it's
Where are you going to go, Verbal? You gonna run? Turn states evidence. You might never see trial. If somebody wants to get you, you know They'll get you out there.
I'11 take my chances, thank you. It's tougher to buy the cheapest bag-man than it is to buy a cop.
You posted twenty minutes ago. Captain Leo wants you out of here a.s.a.p., unless you turn state's.
I'm not bait. No way. I post today.
Is he Keyser Soze I don't know, Verbal. It seems to me that Keyser Sate is a shield. Like you said, a spook story, but I know Keaton - and someone out there is pulling strings for you. Stay here and let us protect you.
You think he's..?
You're not safe on your own.
You know what it's like, Agent Kujan, to know you'll never be good? Not good like you. You got good all fucked around. I mean a stand up guy. I grew up knowing I was never going to be good at anything 'cause I was a cripple. Shit, I wasn't
Why lie about everything else, then?
I didn't know. I saw him die. I believe he's dead. Christ
It was all Keaton. We followed him from the beginning.
If he's dead, Verbal - if what you say is true, then it won't matter. It was his idea to hit the Taxi Service in New York, wasn't it? Tell me the truth.
He programmed you to tell us just what he wanted you to. Customs has been
I knew him. He would never -
He left you to stay behind and tell us he was dead. You saw him die, right? Or did you? You had to hide when the first police cars showed up. You heard the shot, just before the fire but you didn't see him die.
This is all bullshit.
He used all of you to get him on that boat. He couldn't get on alone and he had to pull the trigger himself to make sure he got his man. The one man that could identify him.
Edie...
THE KIND OF MAN THAT COULD HAVE KILLED EDIE FINNERAN.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO.
Keaton was Keyser Soze
No...
No, Verbal. You weren't friends. Keaton didn't have friends. He saved you because he wanted it that way. It was his will.
Because he was my friend.
I don't buy that reform story for a minute. And even if I did, I certainly don't believe he would send you to protect her. So why?
Edie.
Why did he want you to live? A one-time dirty cop without a loyalty in the world finds it in his heart to save a worthless rat-cripple? No, sir. Why'
He wanted me to live.
Verbal, he left you behind for a reason. If you all knew Soze could find you anywhere, why was he ready to send you off with the money when he could have used you to take the boat?
But how - wait. You're saying SOZE sent                  t us to kill someone?
There were no drugs on that boat. It was a hit. A suicide mission to whack out the one man that could finger Keyser Soze so Sate had a few thieves put to it. Men he knew he could march into certain death.
I don't
But Keaton had. Edie Finneran was his extradition advisor. She knew who he was and what he knew.
I said I never heard of him.
His own people were selling him to a gang of Hungarians. Most likely the same Hungarians that Sate all but wiped out back in Turkey. The money wasn't there for dope. The Hungarians were going to buy the one guy that could finger Soze for them.
I never heard of him.
He was a stool pigeon for the Justice Department. He swore out a statement to Federal Marshals that he had seen and could positively identify one Keyser Soze and had intimate knowledge of his business, including, but not exclusive to, drug trafficking and murder.
It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan. I mean the Devil himself. How do you shoot the Devil in the back?
But Keaton...
I WAS AFRAID, OKAY? Somehow, I was sure it was Keyser Soze at that point. I couldn't bring myself to raise my gun to him.
Then why didn't you help him?
I don't understand what you're saying. I saw Keaton get shot, I swear to you.
YOU KNOW. YOU'VE KNOWN THIS WHOLE FUCKING TIME. GIVE IT TO ME.
I don't know what you're talking about.
TRY TO REEF LYING TO ME NOW. I KNOW EVERYTHING .
YES YOU DO. YOU KNOW WHAT I'M GETTING AT. THE TRUTH. TRY TO TELL ME YOU DIDN'T KNOW. TRY TO TELL ME YOU SAW SOMEONE KILL KEATON .
I don't.
Don't shine me, Verbal. No more stalling. You know what I'm getting at.
I don't have a minute. Are you saying it was Keyser Soze? You told the D.A. you didn't know who it was.
Wait a minute.
A man in a suit with a slim build. Tall.
I tried, believe me, but Keaton wouldn't have it. It was too far-fetched for him. Keaton was a grounded guy. An ex-cop. To a cop, the explanation is never that complicated. It's always simple. There's
Why didn't you say anything?
I wanted to. I thought we could make it.
Kobayashi told us where we could find Fenster.
What call?
McManus was furious. He was talking about tracking him down and ripping his heart out and all sorts of shit. That night we got the call.
Then what?
What happened?
Give a guy a break, huh?
You're stalling, Verbal.
The quartet is part of the bit about Kobayashi. The quartet was in my file, along with every other thing I had done since high school, see? Aliases, middle- men. They knew me better than I did. They knew all of us.
Can we just get back to Kobayashi?
Oh, but it's not. If I hadn't been nailed in Illinois for running a three card monte in between sets, I never would have took off for New York. I never would have met Keaton, see. That barber shop quartet was the reason for everything.
This is totally irrelevant.
That was how I ended up in a barber shop quartet in Skokie, Illinois.
Gee, thanks, Dave. Bang-up job so far. Extortion, coercion. You'll pardon me if I ask you to kiss my pucker. The same fuckers that rounded us up and sank us into this mess are telling me They'll bail me out? Fuck you. You think you can catch Keyser Soze? You think a guy like that comes this close to getting fingered and sticks his head out? If he comes up for anything, it will be to get rid of me.  After that, my guess is you'll never hear from him again.
So why play into his hands? We can protect you.
Where's your head, Agent Kujan? Where do you think the pressure's coming from? Keyser Soze - or whatever you want to call him - knows where I am right now. He's got the front burner under' your ass to let me go so he can scoop me up ten minutes later. Immunity was just to deal with you assholes. I got a whole new problem when I post bail.
If there is a Keyser Soze he'll be looking for you.
I've got immunity now. What can you possibly offer me?
Turn state's evidence. Take the stand on this and we'll hear it out.
You tell me, Agent Kujan. If I told you the Loch Ness Monster hired me to hit the harbor, what would you say?
And this is why you never told the D.A.
I came clean. I told it like it happened on the boat. So what if I left out how I got there? It's got so many holes in it, the D.A. would've told me to blow amnesty out my ass. So you got what you wanted out of me. Big fucking deal.
Keaton always said: &quot;I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of him.&quot; Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is Keyser SOZE.
Do you believe in him, Verbal?
And why leave this out when you talked to the D.A.?
Right.
Came from Redfoot.
Kobayashi.
So this lawyer...
Convince me. Tell me every last detail. 52    SCENE DELETED                                                              52 53    INT. HOSPITAL - DAY                                                  53                         + Kovash's room is now filled with people. Jack Baer stands next to DANIEL METZHEISER, a balding man in his forties. Next to him is Doctor Plumber. Across from her is Ridgly Waiters.
No. But I'm sure Keaton's dead.
Is he the one that killed Keaton?
There was a lawyer. Kobayashi.
NOT FROM ME, YOU PIECE OF SHIT. THERE IS NO IMMUNITY FROM ME. You atone with me or the world you live in becomes the hell you fear in the back of your tiny mind. Every criminal I have put in prison,
The D.A. gave me immunity.
You think I don't know you held out on the D.A.? What did you leave out of that testimony? I can be on the phone to Ruby Deemer in ten minutes.
What lawyer?
He wasn't behind anything. It was the lawyer.
I don't think you do. But you say you saw Keaton die. I think you're covering his ass and he's still out there somewhere. I think he was behind that whole circus in the harbor. My bet is he's using you because you're stupid and you think he's your friend. You tell me he's dead, so be it. I want to make sure he's dead before I go back to New York.
I don't know about that.
Do I? Keaton was under indictment a total                 + of seven times when he was on the force.                  + In every case, witnesses either reversed                  + their testimony to the grand jury or died                 + before they could testify. When they                      t finally did nail him for fraud, he spent                  + five years in Sing Sing. He killed three prisoners inside - one with a knife in the tailbone while he strangled him to death. Of course I can't prove this but I can't prove the best part either.
You got him wrong.
Let me tell you something. I know Dean Keaton. I've been investigating him for three years. The guy I know is a cold-                    + blooded bastard. L.A.P.D. indicted him on three counts of murder before he was kicked off the force, so don't sell me the hooker with the heart of gold.                        +
You keep trying to lay this whole ride on                 t Keaton. It wasn't like that. Sure he knew, but Edie had him all turned around.                 r I'm telling you straight, I swear.                        +
Come on. Keaton was a cop for four years. Who else would know the Taxi Service
That was all Fenster and McManus.
Sure. And I'm supposed to believe that hitting the Taxi Service wasn't his idea
He loved her.
Oh come on, Verbal. Who do you think you're talking to? You really expect me to believe he retired? For a woman? Bullshit. He was using her.
You wanted to know what happened after the line-up, I'm telling you.
Heartwarming. Really, I feel weepy.
I'm not a rat.
I'11 get right to the point. I'm smarter than you. I'11 find out what I want to know and I'11 get it from you whether you like it or not.
No.
The first thing I learned on the job, know what it was? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. Put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever is sleeping is your man. If you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest - let your guard down, you follow?
I'11 be sure to mention that to him.
There's nothing in there about Ruby.
I know Ruby. He's very big on respect. Likes me very much.
He didn't have my lawyer.
You know Ruby is in Attica?
You know a religious guy named John Paul?
You know a dealer named Ruby Deemer, Verbal?
Well I do have the weapons charge. I'm looking at six whole months hard time.
Oh, I know. Sweet deal you have. Total immunity .
That's been suppressed. Anything in there is inadmissible.
According to your statement you are a short-con operator. Run of the mill seams. Everything you do, you learned from somebody else.
I just want to hear your story.
You trying to get a rise out of me, Agent Kujan?
Keaton was a piece of shit.
Sure. Fifteen years ago, but he was a good thief Anyway, the cops wouldn't let him go legit.
He was a corrupt cop, Verbal.
I know he was good.
I know you liked Keaton I know you think he was a good man.
I told the D.A. everything I know.
Verbal, I know you know something. I know you're not telling us everything.
Sure. And I appreciate that. And I want to help you, Agent Kujan. I like cops. I would have liked to have been a Fed myself but my C.P. was -
Verbal, you know we're trying to help you.
Counselor, you're bluffing. Shall I push for misdemeanor two?
Counselor, you're insulting me.
Weapons. Misdemeanor one.
You're joking.
Mr. Kint will plead guilty to weapons possession.
I'11 take my chances then. I'11 feel safer without a job if a man like Mr. Kint is behind bars.
Then prosecute. I will be very impressed to see if the District Attorney manages to bring in twenty-seven simultaneous counts of murder against one man with cerebral palsy. I would think a man with your job would agree with these alleged &quot;faceless people in City Hall&quot; you mention.
Counselor, I will prosecute your client.
Immunity.
May-I be frank, Counselor? I suspect your political power as much as I respect it. I don't know why Mr. Kint has so many faceless allies in City Hall, and I don't care. The embarrassment he helped cause the city of New York will not happen here.
No provisions, nothing. My clients testimony for his immunity.
The district attorney's office will comply provided -
My client offers his full cooperation in these proceedings. In exchange, his testimony is to be sealed and all matters incriminating to himself are to be rendered inadmissible.
Ah.  How did they treat you?
Yes.
Good.    You ever been inside a hospital?
I'm fine.
Abrams.  Yes.  How are you today?
Abrams...
Mr. Abraham...
As far as we know, nothing.
And so what is the rest of his case aside from Dr. Thompson?
Very good.
How good's your intelligence?
Nothing.
What did he find?
She's the only nurse who isn't testifying for the Doctors.
Why did he go to see Mary Rooney?
Yes.
I know that answer.  If we went to trial would we win?
Well, of course, it's always dangerous ...
If we were to go to trial, would we win the case?
All right.  But let's keep the price down.  I've called Ed Concannon.  He recommends that we continue to respond as if we're going to trial.
So what I want to do is stop it here.  I'm going to make him an offer.  I want to do it myself.  I want it to come from me.
No.  Absolutely, and we're going to see that it is not.
I want to settle this thing and be done with it.  I don't want the Archdiocese exposed.
Neither does he.  That's where he loses.  This man's scared to death to go to court.  We only have to call his bluff.
No -- we don't want this case in court.
This is a nuisance suit.  He's looking for small change.  He's asking for six hundred thousand and betting we don't want to go to court.
... tell me about this case.
The man's an ambulance chaser ...
Four cases in three years ...
Accused.  Not indicted.  He resigned the firm.  Divorced nineteen seventy.  Galvin worked with Michael Morrissey until Morrissey retired in 'seventy-eight.  Since then he's been on his own.  Four cases before the Circuit Court.  He lost them all.  He drinks.
He was accused of jury tampering.
That that poor girl put her trust in the hands of two men who took her life, she's in a coma, her life is gone.  She has no family, she has no home, she's tied to a machine, she has no friends --and the people who should care for her:  her Doctors, and you, and me, have been bought off to look the other way.  We have been paid to look the other way.  I came in here to take your money.   I brought snapshots to show you. So I could get your money.   I can't take it.  If I take it. If I take that money I'm lost. I'm just going to be a rich ambulance chaser.    I can't do it. I can't take it.
What is the truth?
And no one will know the truth.
Nothing that we can do can make that woman well.
Yes.  It would be.
That was our insurance company's recommendation.
Because it struck me how neatly 'three' went into the amount.  Two Hundred Ten Thousand.  That would mean I keep seventy.
Yes.
You thought it was just.
We thought it was just.
How did you settle on the amount?
It's a generous offer, Mr. Galvin... ...nothing can make the woman well...but we try to compensate...to make a gesture...
Does that mean I'm back for awhile?
They want to settle.    It means a lot of money.
What does it mean?
That's the call that I'm waiting for.
Frank Galvin's ... who's calling please?  Bishop Brophy's office ...
This is going to drive the ante up.
... a Mrs. Doneghy called ... I told you that.
You know what that would mean?  To get somebody from a Boston hospital to say he'll testify?
It looks that way.
... he wants to testify ...?
Mickey told him to call.  'He's some very hotshot surgeon at Mass. Commonwealth.  He wants to meet with you at seven tonight re testimony in the case of Deborah Ann Kaye.  You meet him at the hospital.'
Gruber...
... that was a Dr. David Gruber's office ...
... yes.  Get her on the phone ...
... here's your mail, call Mrs. Doneghy ...
Mickey told me to come back to work.
What are you doing here?
Tell us.
My God, we tried to save her...You can't know...You can't know...
You reached down into death.  Now, isn't that right?
Yes!
...to save her and to save the baby.  Is that...
...We did everything we could...
...A patient riddled with complications, questionable information on her, on her admitting form...
Yes.
...You brought thirty years of medical experience to bear.  Isn't that what you did?
Well, we...
And what did your team do...
That's right.
...and her heart stopped and she wasn't getting oxygen.
She THREW UP IN HER MASK.  Let's cut the bullshit.  Say it:  She THREW UP IN HER MASK.
She'd aspirated vomitus into her mask...
Tell me one?
Well, many reasons, actually...
Why wasn't she getting oxygen...?
It's a common medical expression, it's a crash program to restore the heartbeat.  Dr. Marx cut an airway in her trachea, to get her oxygen, her and the baby...Ms.Nevins...
`Code Blue,' what does that mean...?
We went to Code Blue...
What did these people do when her heart stopped?
Mary Rooney, the obstetrical nurse...
Ms. Nevins, nurse-anesthetist; Dr.Marx, of course...
Dr. Towler, who was in the operating room with you?
Thank you.  When Debby...
When she...
Anything special about the case?
Yes.
You were there to help Dr. Marx deliver her baby.  Were you not?
Yes.
Answer affirmatively.  Simply. Keep those answers to three words. You weren't `part of a group,' you were her anesthesiologist.  Isn't that right?
...I was one of a group of...
You were the anesthesiologist at her delivery May twelfth, nineteen seventy...
I was her doctor.
Say it.
Yes.
Whatever the `truth' is, let's hear that.  You were her doctor.
Don't equivocate.  Be positive. Just tell the truth.
No, actually, she was referred to me.  She was Dr. Hagman's patient...
And you would come here, and on a slip of memory four years ago, you'd ruin their lives.
Objection!
Your Honor...!  Your Honor...
...almost nine minutes...  causing brain damage.
We've touched on this, his own witness has said...
...to get her heartbeat back...?
Objection, we've...
Frank Galvin.  We've met before.
Ed Concannon.
Objection.
I did.
Do you, indeed.  I'll bet you do. Fine.  Fine.  We'll save the court the time.  We will admit the Doctor as an `expert witness,' fine.
Sir.  Yes.  When a thing is wrong...as in this case, I am available.  I am seventy-four years old, I am not board-certified.  I have been practicing medicine for forty-six years and I know when an injustice has been done.
Yes, we've heard that.  Doctor: you testify quite a bit against other physicians?  Isn't that right? You, you're available for that? When you're paid to be there?
I'm on the staff of...
Uh-huh.  Still practice a lot of medicine?
I am seventy-four years old.
How old are you?
`Methodology and Techniques of Anesthesiology.'  Yes.
...of Anesthesiology?
Meth...Methodology and Technique...
What book is that?
Through, through his book.
How is that?
I know of him.
Do you know Dr. Robert Towler...?
I'm just an M.D.
Orthopedics?
No.
Neurology?
No.
...I'm sure it is, but this is Massachusetts, Doctor.  Certified in Internal Medicine?
No, I am not.  It's quite common in New York State...
Are you board-certified in anesthesiology, Doctor?
Just as you are, Sir...
Engaged to render an opinion.  For a price.  Is that correct?  You're being paid to be here today?
That is correct.  I was engaged to render an opinion.
Dr. Thompson, just so the Jury knows, you never treated Deborah Ann Kaye.  Is that correct?
I'm going to uphold that.
Thank you, your Honor.  Further: Ms. Costello is a rebuttal witness. As a `Surprise Witness' she may only serve to rebut direct testimony.  As her only evidentiary rebuttal was the admitting form, which has been disallowed I request that her entire testimony be disallowed and the jury advised that they must totally disregard her appearance here.
The document is disallowed, the jury will be advised not to consider the testimony of Kathy Costello regarding the Xerox form.    It's unsubstantiated and we  can't accept a copy in preference to the original...
...one moment, Mr. Concannon...
Thank you, your Honor.  We object to the copy of the admissions form as incompetemt and essentially hearsay evidence and cite McGee versus State of Indiana, U.S. 131 point 2 and 216 through 25 of the Uniform Code:  'The admission of a duplicate document in preference to an existing original must presuppose the possibility of alteration and so must be disallowed.'  And, your Honor, having given the Plaintiff the leeway we would like your ruling on this issue now:  we object to the admission of the Xerox form.
You may step down.
No further questions.
I'll rule on that presently.   Proceed.
Objection!  This is ri...expect us to accept a photocopy, we have the original right...
Mr. Galvin, rebuttal?
Nothing further, your Honor.
Mr. Concannon...?
My doctors didn't want a settlement at any price.  They wanted this cleared up in court.  They want their vindication.  I agree with them.  But for today the offer stands.  Before we begin the publicity of a trial.  For today only.    When I  walk out that door the offer is withdrawn.  As long as you understand that.  It's got to be that way.
Huh!
Your Honor, Bishop Brophy and the Archdiocese have offered plaintiff two hundred and ten thousand dollars.
After, after the operation, when that poor girl, she went in a coma. Dr. Towler called me in.  He told me he had five difficult deliveries in a row and he was tired, and he never looked at the admittance form.    And he told me to change the form.  He told me to change the one to a nine.   Or else, or else, he said...  He said he'd fire me.  He said I'd never work again....Who were these men...? Who were these men...?  I wanted to be  a nurse...
And why, please tell us, would you think that?
I thought I would need it.
...what in the world would induce you to make a photocopy of some obscure record and hold it fouryears?  This is a...why?  Why would you do that?
Because I kept a copy.  I have it right here.
You didn't write that figure.  And how is it that you remember that so clearly after four years?
Yes, I, yes, I signed it, yes. But I, I didn't write that figure.
You've just said you signed it.
That's not my handwriting.
You swore on this form that the patient ate nine hours ago.
I do.  Yes.
`They lied.'  Indeed!  When did they lie?  And do you know what a lie is?
They lied.
You know these doctors could have settled out of court.  They wanted a trial.  They wanted to clear their names.
I...
Then, please, which is correct? You've sworn today the patient ate one hour ago.  Four years ago you swore she ate nine hours ago? Which is the lie.  When were you lying?
I...yes.
And wasn't that an oath...?  These are your initials here:  K.C. When you signed this chart you took an oath.  No less important than that which you took today.   Isn't that right?   Isn't that right...?
I . . ..
Now.  I'd like to ask you something: four years ago, when you were working as a nurse, are you aware that Drs. Towler and Marx based their treatment of Deborah Ann Kaye on this chart that you signed . . . ?
Yes.
...sworn before God you would tell the truth?
Yes.
Just now...
Yes.
In fact, you've just taken an oath that you would not commit perjury. You've just sworn to that.  Isn't that right?
No.
You would not...?
I wouldn't do it.
Yes.    It is a crime.  A serious crime.
It's a crime.
You are aware of the penalties for perjury...?
I understand.    I went to the Bar Association.  They tell me you're going to be disbarred.
If I could accept the offer right now, I would.  They took it back.
You guys, you guys, you're all the same.  The Doctors at the hospital, you...it's 'What I'm going to do for you'; but you screw up it's `We did the best that we could. I'm dreadfully sorry...'  And people like me live with your mistakes the rest of our lives.
I'm going to win this case...Mist...Mr. Doneghy...I'm going to the Jury with a solid case, a famous doctor as an expert witness, and I'm going to win eight hundred thousand dollars.
What you thought!?  What you thought...I'm a workingman, I'm trying to get my wife out of town, we hired you, we're paying you, I got to find out from the other side they offered two hundred...
I swear to you I wouldn't have turned the offer down unless I thought that I could win the case...
You ruined my life, Mister...Me and my wife...and I am going to ruin yours...  You don't have to go out there to see that girl.  We been going four years.    Four years...my wife's been crying herself to sleep what they, what, what they did to her sister.
It's all right, Mickey.
I'm going to have you disbarred. I'm going to have your ticket. You know what you did?  Do you know what you did?
Hold on a second.
You said you're gonna call me up. You didn't call me up.  Who do you think you are?    Who do you think you are...?
It's completely done on a contingency basis.  That means whatever the settlement is I retain one-third ...that is, of course, the usual arrangement ...
What is this going to cost?
We just ...
I completely understand ...
... we told them we didn't want it to come out this way.
I doubt we'll have to go to trial ...
...the Archdiocese called up, they said who was our attorney, 'cause the case is coming to trial...
I was telling your wife, we have a very good case here.
... that's all right.
Please sit down.  I told your wife. I'm sorry that we have to meet out here.  I've got a case coming in two days in the  Superior Court and my office is a mess of papers.
It's a common medical term.
'Code Blue'...
Then what good would it do to ruin the reputation of two men, to help a girl whose life's not going to be changed in the least?   You know what CODE BLUE means?
Actually, yes.  It's by no means bad, I...
She getting good care over there?
...I made a detailed physical examination of the patient, Sir, yesterday evening, I...
Easthampton Hospital for Women. Excuse me, what is that, a joke? Let me tell you something, Doctor, those men at Catherine Laboure. Men who are known not only in this city, but the world, were trying to save a woman's life.  They were there, and here you are, four years later, read some hospital report, and say...
I am on the staff of...
What qualifies you as an expert in anesthetics?
I am seventy-four years old.
Is that what a good doctor would do?  How old are you, please?
...she went in complaining of stomach cramps.  Good doctor would have doubted the information on the chart.
...that's what the sister said. The chart said she ate nine hours prior to...
Her sister said she ate one hour prior to admittance...she...
Why is that?
They gave her the wrong anesthetic.
I...um...
The Doctors were not negligent.
I...given the limits of your question, that's correct.
Then you're saying there's no negligence, based on my question?
I...in that small context I would have...I would have to say 'no.'
Well...
Are you saying that a failure to restore the heartbeat within nine minutes in itself constitutes bad medical practice?
No.  No.  Thank you. You go home.
You sure you don't want me to stay on.
Yes...I...yes.
You know...sometimes people can surprise you.  Sometimes they have a great capacity to hear the truth.
No.  No thank you, Doctor.  You go home.
I'm afraid that's not true.   Will you want me to stay on till Monday?
No, you did fine.
I didn't do too well for you.
It's my opinion it took him much longer.  Nine...ten minutes. There's too much brain damage.
Now, Dr. Towler's testified that they restored the heartbeat within three or four minutes.  In your opinion is his estimate correct?
Cardiac arrest.  During delivery her heart stopped.  When the heart stops the brain's deprived of oxygen.  You get brain damage. That is why she's in the state she's in today.
Dr. Thompson.  From your review of the hospital records of May twelfth nineteen seventy-six.  In your opinion, what happened to Deborah Ann Kaye?
There's nothing they can do to me.
These people play very rough. They don't want to lose this case. There's a lot of pressure they can bring to bear, I...
...What difference would...
...apartment.   No, no. Please.  You don't know who we're dealing with, I, please believe me, they...
...I made a reservation at...
Yes.  Yes.  I think so.  I hope you'll be comfortable.  I'm putting you up at my...
From what I've seen, Mr. Galvin, you have a very good case...
I'm going to take you to the home to see the girl...
That's what I'd planned to...
I have some errands to run, and then I thought we'd spend the evening...
It was good of you to meet...
Dr. Thompson...?
Thank you.
Negligent.  Yes...it would have been criminal.  But that was not the case.
If she had eaten, say one hour prior to admission, the inducement of a general anaesthetic...the type you gave her... would have been negligent...?
She threw up in her mask, yes. But she hadn't eaten one hour prior to admission.
...Page 414, 'If a patient has taken nourishment within one hour prior to inducement, general anaesthetic should be avoided at all costs because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particles into his mask.'  Is that what happened to Deborah  Ann Kaye?  She aspirated into her mask?
Yes.
And you wrote that...
I.  Yes.  It is.
'Practice and Methodology in Anaesthesia.'  General textbook on the subject.  Is  that correct?
Yes.  I wrote it.
Dr. Towler; page 406, 'Contraindications to general anaesthetic.  Ideally a  patient should refrain from taking nourishment up to nine hours prior to induction of general anaesthetic.'  Does that sound familiar?
To do right.  Isn't that why you're doing it?
Uh, why, why are you doing this?
... that's perfectly all right.
Thank you ...
... the case with anyone.  And I'll meet you Tuesday, and we'll go over your testimony ...
I understand.
We have to ... we ... we have to keep you under wraps.  Please don't, don't discuss ...
Okay.  I'll meet you here.  Tuesday night ... I gotta go.  You going my way?
Well, well, when can we meet again. I'd like to get a deposition..
What are they going to do?  Not invite me to their Birthday party ...?   Look, I gotta go.  I have to be in Cambridge ...
The hospital is owned by the Archdioceses of ...
Whose side are you arguing ...?  I thought that you wanted to do something.  I don't have any interest in the woman's 'estate' -- No offense, but we all know where the money's going  to ... I have an interest in the Hospital;  and I don't want those bozos working in the same shop as me.  They gave her the wrong anesthetic.  They turned the girl into a vegetable. They killed her and they killed her kid.  You caught 'em.  Now: how many others did they kill?
The most respected ...
I read the file.  Yeah.  Marx and Towler.  I know who they were.
Do you know who her doctors were?
Her doctors murdered her.  They gave her the wrong anaesthetic and they put her in the hospital for life.    Her doctors murdered her.
) I'm sorry ...?
Her doctors killed her.
Uh ... in the, well, in the interests of her family ... you, Dr. Gruber, you know, you can never tell what a jury is going to do. St. Catherine's a very well thought of institution.  Her doctors ...
Why?
Yes.
You're going to settle out of court?
Yes.
... and you're going to do that?
The Archdiocese called, they want to settle ... her estate ...
Right.  Who called?
They called, they're going to settle, what I want to do is build up as much ...
... Deborah Ann Kaye ...
... Deborah Ann Kaye ...
I read the hospital report on your client.
That's perfectly all right.  I'm kind of rushed.  Do you mind if we walk while we talk?
I appreciate--a man as busy as--
Yes?  Galvin, right?
Dr. Gruber ...
Well, maybe you better do that, then.   You know you guys are all the same. You don't care who gets hurt. You're a bunch of whores.  You'd do anything for a dollar.  You got no loyalty...no nothing...you're a bunch of whores.
You think I'm pushy now, wait 'til I get you on the stand...
You know, you're pushy, fella...
Then why don't you testify?
I don't owe them a goddamn thing.
I do.  Who is it?  The Doctors. What do you owe them?
Who says that I'm protecting anyone?
Who are you protecting, then?
I didn't do it, Mister.
Who put my client in the hospital for life.
And ask me what?
I can subpoena you, you know.  I can get you up there on the stand.
Then why aren't you testifying for their side?
Nothing happened.
You know what happened.
I've got nothing to say to you.
I want someone who was in the O.R. We're going to win the case, there's no  question of that.  It's just a matter of how big...
...you got your doctor's testimony. Why do you need me?
He's the Assistant Chief of Anesthesiology, Massachusetts Commonwealth.  He says your doctors, Towler and Marx, put my girl in the hospital for life.  And we can prove that.  What we don't know is why.  What went on in there?  In the O.R.  That's what we'd like to know.  Something went wrong.  And you know what it was.  They gave her the wrong anesthetic.  What happened?  The phone rang...someone got distracted...what?
No.
I'll just take a minute.  Deborah Ann Kaye.  You know what I'm talking about.  The case is going to trial. Our chief witness is a Dr. David Gruber, you know who he is?
I told the guy I didn't want to talk to...
I'm Joe Galvin, I'm representing Deborah Ann Kaye, case against St. Catherine Laboure.
Noted.  Thank you.   Miss Costello was a rebuttal witness.  Her sole rebuttal was the document,  which has been disallowed...
Exception!
Overruled...
I object, your Honor...
Mr. Concannon...?
Nothing further, your Honor...
You aren't going to get a mistrial, boy.  We're going back this afternoon, we're going to try this case to an end.  Now you get out of here before I call the Bailiff and have you thrown in jail.
Damn right I'm done.  I'm going to ask for a mistrial and I'm going to request that you disqualify yourself from sitting on this case. I'm going to take a transcript to the State and ask that they impeach your ass.
Are you done?
And don't give me this shit, 'I was a lawyer, too.'  'Cause I know who you were.  You couldn't hack it as a lawyer. You were Bag Man for the Boys and you still are.  I know who you are.
Galvin, look, many years ago...
No, no, you listen to me.  All I wanted in this case is an even shake.  You rushed me into court in five days...my star witness disappears, I can't get a continuance, and I don't give a damn.  I'm going up there and I'm going to try it.  Let the Jury decide.  They told me Sweeney he's a hard-ass, he's a defendant's judge.  I don't care.  I said, the hell with it.  The hell with it. I'll take my chances he'll be fair.
Listen to me, fella...
I'm an attorney on trial before the bar.  Representing my client. My client, do you understand?  You open your mouth and you're losing my case for me.
I got a letter from the Judge Advocate's office on you today, fella, you're on your way out...They should have kicked you out on that Lillibridge case.  Now this is it today.
I'd just like to get to the point, Mr. Galvin.  Let's not waste these people's time.  Answer the question, Mr. Witness.  Please.  Would a nine-minute lapse in restoring the heartbeat in and of itself be negligence?
If I may be permitted to question my own witness in my own way...
Yes, Mr. Galvin?
I believe that's the law...is it not, Mr. Galvin...?
What?
Sustained.  Yes.  The witness will confine his testimony to review of the hospital records.
Thank you, your Honor, I'll continue.  Dr. Thompson.  Did you examine Deborah Ann Kaye last night at The Northern Chronic Care Facility?
Do we have time this morning to... All right.  Mr. Galvin, you want to continue now, or we can resume with Dr. Thompson this afternoon.
Defense...?
Ready, your Honor.
Is the Plaintiff ready?
I don't have a week.  This case never should have come to trial. You know better.  You're Mr. Independent.  You want to be independent?  Be independent now. I've got no sympathy for you.
I could subpoena him if I had a week.
That happens.
I had a witness disappear on me.
You should have taken their offer. Especially if you were unprepared.
I need an extension for my case.
That's perfectly all right.
Thank you for seeing me.
What is it?
I'm sure you would.
And it seems to me, a fella's trying to come back, he'd take this settlement, and get a record for himself.    I myself would take it and run like a thief.
I wasn't disbarred, they dropped the pro...
...that's true.  Sometimes they change, sometimes they don't. Now, I remember back to when you were disbarred...
...things change.
That's it...?    Come on, guys...life is too short...  You tell me if you're playing 'chicken,' or you mean it.    Frank:  I don't think I'm talking out of school, but I just heard someone offer you two hundred grand...and that's a lot of money...and if I may say, you haven't got the best of records.
I know full well she can't, Frank. You see the Padre on your way out and he'll punch your ticket.  You follow me?  I'm trying to help you.
My client can't walk, your Honor.
I'm sure it is, Frank:  and let me tell you something.  If we find it so complex, how in the hell you think you're going to make a jury understand it?   See my point?  Let's talk a minute. Frank: what will you and your client take right now this very minute to walk out of here and let this damn thing drop?
This is a complicated case, your Honor...
Now, have you boys tried to resolve your little difficulty because that certainly would save the Commonwealth a lot of time and bother.
I was held up.
Why is that?
Yessir.  I'm sorry.
No.  At Chelsea Childcare.  Okay. Look, call me Monday, hey?  I'm late for work.
Yes, we know that you do.  I have it in my files.  That's at the Manhattan Health Center...
We get it at work.  We get the magazine at work.
We have a renew-your-subscription offer...
Missus...
That's why I'm calling, Miss Price...
My subscription lapsed three years ago...
We find that your subscription lapsed...
Kathy Price.
Pardon?
Yes.  Price...
This is Miss Costello...?
How come you're calling me from...?
This is Mr. Wallace in Subscriptions?
From the magazine?
I'm calling from Professional Nurse Quarterly...
If you're selling something, I'm late for work...
Hello, I'm calling from...
Let me talk to Mickey.
Mr. Galvin's...
I understand.  Thank you, my name is Galvin.  I'll be at the following number in a half an hour.  It's urgent.
I can't guarantee that...
...Would you, would you call him up.  I'll give you my number, and ask him...
I'm sorry, Sir, we're not allowed...
I have to reach him.  This is an emergency.  Could you give me his home number?
Business hours are over, Sir. This is the switch...
Mr. Alito, please.
Continental Casualty...
Call the A.M.A.  to Laura) ...I can't talk now.  ...tell them you're Dr. Somebody...you have to find this nurse...
I have to talk to you.
Thank you.
I don't have a goddamned idea.
What are you going to do?
No.
Is it over?
Yes.   We've all got to let go.
No...no...
You're pressuring yourself...
Stop pressuring me...
Joe...  Joe...
What would you like it to be to me...?  I, I, I can't invest in failure.
What is that to you...?
What is your wife's picture doing by the side of your...
It's over!
Oh, yes, I do, Joe.  Believe me. You say you're going to lose.  Is it my fault?  Listen!  The damned case doesn't start until tomorrow and already it's over for you!
You, you don't under...
You're like a kid, you're coming in here like it's Saturday night, you want me to say that you've got a fever -- you don't have to go to school...
If I don't 'grow up...'
Not if you don't grow up...
Is there going to be a later...?
Maybe I'll tell you later.
And what makes you so tough?
You told me so.  Maybe you'd get some sympathy.  You came to the wrong place.
Who told you that?
You want me to tell you it's your fault?  It probably is.  What are you going to do about it?   I thought it's not over till the jury comes in.
I...
You do what you want.  You want to leave...You want to go kill yourself?
I...do you want me to leave?
Well, then what are you doing here?
Yes.
And it's over...?
That's what I am.
You're talking like a drunk.
That's not the question.  It's over.  Do you think that it's my fault?  If I'd...if I'd...I never should have taken it.  There was no way that I was going to win.
Isn't there something you...
Do you think it's my fault?
Yes.
You're going to stay here...?
You can't work if you can't think. You get in bed.  It's all right. I'll stay here with you.  It's all right.  Come on...
I've got to work.
Why don't you get some rest?
No, no, I'm just...
Do you want me to go...?
I've got to work...
...and is that serious?
They, uh, they got to my witness.
What happened...?
We, we...No...we just had a small reversal in the case... I have some, uh...I have some work to do...
Is this a bad time.
What...?
Would you like me to leave...?   Is this a bad time --?
That's what I'm going to try to do.
And is that what you're going to do?    Is that what you're going to do...?
Maybe I can do something right.
Maybe what?
They might.  Yes.  That's the point ...is that they might...you see, the jury wants to believe.  They're all cynics, sure, because they want to believe.  I have to go in there tomorrow to find twelve people to hear this case.   I'm going to see a hundred people and pick twelve.  And every one of them it's written on their face, `This is a sham.  There is no justice...' but in their heart they're saying, 'Maybe...maybe...'
And are they going to get it?
Jimmy!  That's why the court exists.  The court doesn't exist to give them justice, eh?  But to give them a chance at justice.
I think I will.
The weak, the weak have got to have somebody to fight for them. Isn't that the truth?  You want another drink?
You just got lucky.   D'you eat yet?  Come on.
What if it wasn't you that I came back to see?
My name's Frank.  And furthermore, you came back to see me tonight.
Laura.
A brick house says you divorced him.  I'll put you on your honor. Bet you a hundred dollars against you join me for dinner.  And I'll take your word for it.  Now you tell me the truth.  Because you cannot lie to me.  What's your name?
Who says I'm the one that called it off?
Oh, actually it was.  Then why'd you call it off?
Yes.  It was, actually.
Really.  How wonderful for you.
My ex-husband was a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer.
And what are you?  A cop?
What Hotel are you staying at?
The TV didn't work.
Why?
I changed my room at the Hotel.
I changed my life today.  What did you do?
Still looking.
D'you find an apartment?
He's...you can't reach him, Sir. He's in the, on some island in the Caribbean, they don't have a phone.   He'll be back in a week...  If you'd like Dr. Halpern's number...
No, no, no.  I have to talk to him.  If I can only call him..
Dr. Halpern's taking all his...
I...please.  My wife...my wife's prescription has run out.  If I can call him...
Where is he?
He's not in, Sir.
I had an appointment at his office, I think I must have got it wrong. We had a meeting...
Dr. Gruber's not in.
Dr. Gruber.
I don't want a mistrial.
We got a mistrial, you know.  Joe -- did you hear what I said...?
I don't know.
I talked to Johnnie White at the Bar Association.   The broad used to work for one of Concannon's partners in New York awhile ago.   She wanted to move to Boston.    How badly did she hurt us, Joe?
Come on, we'll get a cup of coffee...
What are you doing in New York...?
We got to talk.
What the hell are you doing here?
I need a cigarette!  She left my office four years ago, we're looking for a chart...  I need a cigarette...
Hello.  This is Mr. Dorchester in Records.  We're looking for Kathy Costello...
...four years ago...
...you need some old forms that she had...somebody's dying...
...yeah...good...
The Hospital...?
The broad has disappeared...
We don't have anything from the Nurse Association?
How old are you, how many children ... when did you last eat ...
The 'History'...?
She didn't do anything.  She took the patient's history and signed the charts.  'K.C.'  'Kathy Costello...'
What did she do?
Uh...the admitting nurse...
What difference can that make...? All right...
All right.  Who wasn't in the O.R.?
Who?  They're all testifying. Everybody who was in the O.R.'s going to take the stand.
...one of the other nurses?
`You guys are a bunch of whores...uh...loyalty...you don't care who gets hurt...you don't have any loyalty...'
Read me what she said.
She's protecting the Doctors she'd be up there on the stand...
The Doctors.
Rooney's protecting someone.  Who is she protecting?
Yeah.  I'm awake.
Are you with me...are you awake...?
I think we tried that.  The case is over.
That's right.
You use their witness.
Okay.  What do you do when you don't have a witness?
Yeah.
And all we've got is a witch doctor!
I'm swell.
How are you holding up?
Gimme the address.  I'm gonna go. We're going to need her.
She's workin' the late shift at the Hospital.  She's at home now, I'm going over there to talk to...
D'you find the obstetric nurse?
Yeah?  How's our new witness?
D'you meet with Dr. Gruber...?
I can't talk now.
What happened, Joey...?
Mickey:  I'm supposed to meet somebody at O'Rourke's, I can't make it.
Give 'em a box of Macanudos.
I've got to go see Gruber.    What's the best cigars you have?
Today is Tuesday.  What?
Oh shit, what's today?
John:  gimme a cuesta-ray.
So what do you want me to do? Concannon's going to try the case his way, I'm going to try it mine. You want me to go wee wee wee all the time because he's got some flack, got stories in the newspaper. I'm going to win this case.
What I'm saying, they're getting some help.
They still have to take it to a jury.
So what...?  The best is yet to come.  Check the TV Guide.  They got our Dr. Towler on a panel on GBH on Friday: 'The Healing Hand. The Experts Speak.'
So what?
Mary Rooney.  She won't talk to me.  I tried her at the hospital. I'm going to try her back at home. Read this.
I'm getting it back.  Don't worry about me, Mick.  I'm fine.  D'you find the obstetric nurse?
Been a long time, huh...?
I'm going to get laid.
Yeah?  And what are you going to do tonight?
Jimmy?  Bushmills.   Lookit, do me a favor.  I'll buy you a drink tomorrow.
I had a good teacher.  McLean versus Urban Transport...
You got a good memory, Franky.
Brindisi versus Electric Boat.
Right.
Okay now.  Cases:  Smith versus State of Michigan.
Right.
'Mary Rooney, forty-nine.  Lives in Arlington, still working at the hospital.'  Can you get out tomorrow?  How come she isn't speaking up.
No.
They had an obstetrical nurse in there.  We got a deposition from the obstetrical nurse?
...Gruber's not bad.GALVIN Not bad...?  This guy's Dr. Kildare, the jury's going to love him, Mick...  And you calm down, all right?  Their guy, Towler's, the author of the book,  'Methodology and Practice, Anesthesiology.'  ...and they got depositions from the nurses, everybody in the operating room, the scrub-nurse...'All these guys are God.  I saw them walk on water...'
I've got my Dr. Gruber, says her heart condition means they gave her the wrong anaesthetic anyway, plus she came in complaining of stomach pains...
Forget it.  You can't prove it. Sister's testimony is no good. Jury knows we win she gets the cash.
Admittance form is wrong.
You got the admittance form says patient ate nine hours prior to admittance.
We've got her sister.  Testifies she had a meal one hour before she was admitted to the hospital. This is the point.
I have to try this case.  I have to do it, Mick.  I've got to stand up for that girl.  I need your help.    Mick, will you help me...?    Will you help me...?
Frank, but not now.  Frank.  You're trying to wipe out some old business.  But not now.  I understand.  But you go call 'em back.  You call the Bishop back.
...I have to stand up for her...
...he's a good man...?  He's the Prince of Fuckin' Darkness...he'll have people in there testifying that the broad is well -- they saw her Tuesday on a surfboard at Hyannis...don't fuck with this case.
...he's a good man...
I know what I said but not now. You won it.  Franky.  You won it. When they give you the money, that means that you won.  We don't want to go to court -- is this getting to you...?  You know who the attorney is for the Archdiocese, Eddie Concannon.
You -- Listen:  you said to me, `if not now, when...'
What?
Mick.  Mick.  Mick...
That's the point, you stupid fuck. Let them buy it.  We let them buy the case.  That's what I took it for.  You let this drop -- we'll go up to New Hampshire, kill some fuckin' deer...
They killed her.  And they're trying to buy it...
To do what...?  To do what, for chrissake...?   To help her to do what?  She's dead...
I'm going to help her.
You need my help...?  You need a goddamn keeper...are you telling me that you turned down two-hundred- ten grand?    Huh...?  Are you nuts?  Eh?  Are you nuts. What are you going to do, bring her back to life?
...I'm going to need your help...
Are you out of your mind...?
Don't touch anything.
Come on.  Let's get a drink.
What do you want?
I have to talk to you.
... I get these people to trust you --they're coming here tomorrow by the way --I get this expert doctor to talk to you.  I'm doing all your fuckin' legwork -- and it's eighteen months.  You're 'sposed to be in court.  I bet you haven't even seen the file.
... hey, I don't need your charity ...
One lousy letter eighteen months ago. . . .I try to throw a fuckin' case your way ...
Sally Doneghy, now who is that?
... You're 'sposed to be in court in ten days and she's telling me you haven't even met with them ...
... now who is that ...?
Fuck you.  I got a call today from Sally Doneghy ...
Uh ...
What the hell do you think you're doing ...?  What's going on here ...?
Hi, Mickey ...
Yes.
Are we going to win?    We have, you know, other tactics, though...
We, yes.  Yes.  They, they present their side, and I get the same chance.  To cross-examine... to... to...
What does it mean?    I...I mean we, you have other tactics...
I'm going to see you get that chance.
We just can't do it anymore.   This is our chance to get away.
... and I have inquiries out to doctors, experts in the field ... there is, of course, a problem getting a doctor to testify that another doctor's negligent ...
He saw her at the Northern Care...
... But Dick, he's looking for two years in Tucson ... and they called him  up and said to come out. He's a good man.  He's only trying to do what's right.
... I understand ...
My doctor told me that I got to move out West ... that's when we filed in court.  We didn't want to sue ...
... I understand ...
I don't want to leave her.  Dick ...the, the ... and Father Laughlin, he said that it was God's will ...
... fifty thousand dollars?
You know how beautiful she was?   Her husband left her, and he took her kids .... They, they, they'd let you die in there.  They don't care.  Nobody cares.  The Patriot Home, the Chronic Care ... in Arlington ...?  They'd take her in.  Perpetual care.  They'd take her.  Fifty thousand dollars they want.  An endowment.
Yes.  Yes, I have.
... You saw her?
... I know.  I went ...
But what can we do?  She don't know who's visiting her ...
... I'm sure you do ...
... we, we love her, Dick and me ...
It's not a good case.  It's a very good case.  A healthy young woman goes into the hospital to deliver her third child, she's given the wrong anaesthetic ...
It's locked?
It's locked.
I'm ... Mrs. Doneghy?  I'm Frank Galvin ... why didn't you go in?
You saw Kat in New York...   ...or is she in town? Is she in town...?
What?
In New York?
I just saw her.
She did?
She told me.
I, what are you talking about?  I talked to her this morning, and she said...
I spoke to her, and everything is all right.
Yes.
A single hour.
I did.
And did you write the numeral `one' down on the record, standing for one hour?
Yes.
One hour.
She said she had a full meal one hour before coming to the hospital.
What did she say?
Yes.
D'you ask the patient when did she last eat?
Kathy Costello.  That's my maiden name.
These are your initials, 'K.C.'?
Yes.
Yes.
You were the Admitting Nurse at St. Catherine Laboure Hospital on May twelfth, nineteen seventy-six, the night Deborah Ann Kaye was admitted...
Yes...
Kathy Price...
That's a wonderful profession.  My daughter-in-law's a nurse.  What did you do, stop?
I used to be a nurse.
Yes.
Mrs. Simmonds.
Mrs...
Who told you that?
You're really...  You, are you the one they told me was the nurse?
Thank you.
Four.  You're great with these kids.
How old is he?
Uh-huh.  My nephew's going to be staying with us in a few months, so I stopped by.
You live in the neighborhood?
I've been meaning to come in a long time.
Hi.  How are you doing?
Hi.
That's for sure, Frank.
It's a long road that has no turning.
Yeah.
Well, well, well.  Huh?
Thanks, Franky.
I want to buy you a drink.
...everybody.  Mike says, `Pat, you mean to tell me for a buck you get a free lunch and a beer, and then you go in the back and get laid?'  `That's correct.'  Mike says, `Pat.  Have you been in this bar ?'  Pat says, `No, but my sister has ...'   Everyone.  Buy yourself one too.
Another, Frank . . . ?
Because she was anemic.  It's right there on her chart. Her brain was getting less oxygen anyway...
Huh.  And why is that?
Yes.
Wait, wait, wait, you're saying that her brain damage could have been caused by her being deprived of oxygen for two minutes...?
Brain damage could have been...it didn't necessarily take nine minutes, it could have been caused in two...
Why did it take that long to get her heartbeat...
We'd gone to 'Code Blue,' we were administering electro...
What happened in those three minutes...?
...we were trying to restore her heartbeat.
What happened in those three...
We had rather more important things on our mind than taking notes.   We were trying to restore her...
...they start again three minutes earlier...
As I've said we had some more...
Four-and-one-half minutes after her heart stopped.    And they resume seven minutes...
We, we were rather busy...
But those notations stop...  ...four-and-one-half minutes after Deborah Ann Kaye's...
Yes, the roving nurse...
...of the procedures...
Yes.
...there are notations every thirty seconds...
Yes, that's correct.
You have a record of what happened in the operating room...
Yes.
Dr. Towler...
Okay.  Now, so he's in jail.  He, finally, he gets to see the light, he calls up Harrington, he says he thinks he made a mistake.  As if by magic, charges against him are dropped, he's released from jail.   P.S.  He's fired from the firm, his wife divorces him, he turns to drink  and mopes around three and a half years.   You like that story?
Me, too.
Before he can get there here comes this Federal Marshal, and Franky's indicted for Jury tampering, they throw him in jail, he's gonna be disbarred, his life is over.   Jimmy, gimme another drink.    How are you?
Huh.
That Frank was working on.  Yeah. He thought Franky needed some help, so they bribed a juror.  So Franky finds out.  He comes to me in tears. He thinks that anybody who knows what a 'spinnaker' is got to be a saint.  I told him ' Franky, wake up.  These people are sharks. What do you think they got so rich from?  Doing good?'  He can't be comforted.  He tells the boys at Stearns and Harrington they've disappointed him, he's going to the Judge to rat them out.
The Big Boy did...?
...and he's making a billion dollars every minute working for Stearns, Harrington, and he bought a dog, and everything is rosy.   Then Mr. Stearns, he tried to fix a case.
Yes.
A huge law firm.  Okay?  They put him in the firm, he's married, everything's superb.  Franky, he's starting to talk like he comes from Dorsetshire, some fuckin' place, 'You must drop by with Pat and me...'  Okay...?
Should I?
Stearns, Harrington, you know who that is?
So far you're great.  You got a cigarette?
How'm I doing so far?
Franky can't make it.  He had an appointment he forgot, he's going to see you later.  I'm Mickey Morrissey, we're supposed to get to know each other.
I'll give you another complication: he still is.
Ah? That complicates the problem.
I can give you one thing: he was in love with her.
No. We have ways of digging out knowledge. But it takes longer. He is suffering from acute melancholia, together with a guilt complex. He blames himself for what happened to the woman. And we know little of the background.
He won't talk.
It is hard to say. Six months, at least. Perhaps a year. It depends to a certain extent on him.
Doctor, how long is it going to take you to pull him out of this?
No, there's nothing you have to say to me. I'm getting out, Scottie. For good. I can't stay here. I'm winding up her affairs, and mine. I'm going to get as far away as I can. Probably Europe. And I'll probably never come back.  Good-bye, Scottie. If there's anything I can do for you before I go...
I -- I --
He had no right to say that. It was my responsibility. You didn't know her. I shouldn't have got you involved.
Natural fear. Her grandmother went insane and took her own life. And the blood is in Madeleine.  Scottie, I ask you to watch her closely.
Why did she never tell her daughter?
Her mother told me most of then before she died. I dug out the rest for myself, here.
How do you know all these things she doesn't know?
She is not my wife.
And when she goes to those places...
Nothing.
Knows nothing of a grave out at Mission Dolores, or an old house an Eddy Street, or a portrait at the Palace of the Legion of Honor?
But she doesn't know, about her background.  She never heard of Carlotta Valdes.
Well, that explains it. Anyone could develop an obsession for the past, with a background like that.
Great-grandmother. The child who was taken from her whose loss drove Carlotta mad and to her death - was Madeleine's grandmother.
Carlotta Valdes was what: your wife's grandmother?
Something else. My wife, Madeleine, has several pieces of jewelry that belonged to Carlotta. She inherited them. Never wore them, they were too old-fashioned... until now. Now, when she is alone, she gets them out and looks at them handles them gently, curiously... puts them on and stares at herself in the mirror... and goes into that other world... is someone else again.
Oh, yes. You noticed the way she does her hair.
But you knew about this.
I didn't know where she was going to lead you.
There are things you didn't tell me.
Yes.
That's Carlotta Valdes.
You've done well, Scottie. You're good at your job.
All right.  You won't know what to look for at first, Scottie. Even I, who know her so well, cannot tell, sometimes, when the change has begun. She looks so lovely and normal...
Ernie's.
We're going to an opening at the opera tonight. We'll dine at Ernie's first.  Which is easier?
How can I see her, to know her?
Scottie, I need a friend!  Someone I can trust! I'm in a panic about this!
It's not my line.
I want you.
I can get you a firm of private eyes to follow her for you. They're dependable, good boys --
Yes, but carefully. I'd want to know more before committing her to that kind of care.  Scottie --
Have you talked to the doctors at all?
The speedometer of her car showed she had driven 94 miles that day. Where did she go?  I have to know, Scottie. Where she goes and what she does, before I got involved with doctors.
Well?
Watched her come out of the apartment, someone I didn't know... walking in a different way... holding her head in a way I didn't know; and get into her car, and drive out to...  Golden Gate Park. Five miles. She sat on a bench at the edge of the lake and stared across the water to the old pillars that stand an the far shore, the Portals of the Past. Sat there a long time, not moving... and I had to leave, to got to the office. That evening, when I came home, I asked what she'd done all day. She said she'd driven to Golden Gate Park and sat by the lake. That's all.
Where'd she go?
More and more in the past few weeks. And she wanders. God knows where she wanders. I followed her one day.
How often does this happen?
I'm not making it up. I wouldn't know how. She'll be talking to me about something, nothing at all, and suddenly the words fade into silence and a cloud comes into her eyes and they go blank... and she is somewhere else, away from me... someone I don't know. I call to her and she doesn't hear. And then with a long sigh she is back, and looks at me brightly, and doesn't know she's been away... can't tell me where... or why...
No.
No, it sounds idiotic, I know. And you're still the hard-headed Scot, aren't you? Always were. Do you think I'm making it up?
I didn't mean to be that rough.
Then you're of no use to me. I'm sorry I wasted your time. Thank you for coming in, Scottie.
I'd say you'd better take her to the nearest psychiatrist, psychologist, neurologist, psychoanalyst, or plain family doctor. And have him check you both.
If I told you I believe that his happened to my wife, what would you say?
No.
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past, someone dead, can enter and take possession of a living being?
Someone dead.
From whom?
I'm afraid some harm may come to her.
Then?
Not what you think. We're very happily married.
No... no, thanks. A bit early in the day for spirits.  Well, I guess that about covers everything, doesn't it? I never married; I don't see much of the "old college gang"; I'm a retired detective -- and you're in the shipbuilding business.  What's on your mind, Gavin?
Would you like a drink now?
No, Acrophobia isn't a crippling thing. It just means I can't climb steep stairs or go to high places, like the bar at the Top-of-the-Mark. But --  -- there are plenty of street-level bars In this town.
I was sorry to read about that thing in the papers.  And you've quit the force.  A permanent physical disability?
No, I'm all right.
Shouldn't you be sitting down?
I'd like to have lived here then. The color and excitement... the power...  the freedom.
Like all this.
San Francisco's changed. The things a that spell San Francisco to me are disappearing fast.
And you like it.
Almost a year.
How long have you been back?
No. But one assumes obligations. My wife's family is all gone; someone has to look after her interest. Her father's partner runs the company yard in the East -- Baltimore -- so I decided as long as I had to work at it, I'd come back here. I've always liked it here.
You don't have to do it for a living.
No, to be honest, I find it dull.
Interesting business.
I married into it.
How'd you get into the shipbuilding business, Gavin?
No. She's in fine shape. Nothing to worry about. But she doesn't know. You understand that. She doesn't know what she did.
Did she hurt herself?
Hello?
She... went into the Bay.
What happened?
No, she's all right. She's still here. But I'll get her home soon.
Scottie, what happened? She's not home, yet.
Hello.
Too late... too late... there's no bringing her back.
Love me... keep me safe...
I was safe when you found me, there was nothing you could prove! But when I saw you again I couldn't run away, I loved you so! I walked into danger and let you change me again because I loved you and wanted you!  Scottie, please! You love me now! Love me! Keep me safe!
I loved you, Madeleine.
What are you going to do?
And the necklace. Carlotta's necklace. That was your mistake, Judy. One shouldn't keep souvenirs of a killing. You shouldn't have been that sentimental.
Some money.
Oh, Judy!! When he had all her money, and the freedom and the power...  he ditched you? What a shame! But he knew he was safe. You couldn't talk. Didn't he give you anything?
Look at the scene of the crime. Go on in.
What are you going to do?
I made it.
We'll find him.
I don't know... Switzerland?
Ah, yes! I was a set-up. I was the made-to-order witness. Where is he now?
Your accident...
And you were such an apt pupil! What fun you two must have had, playing games with me! Why me? Why did he pick on me?!!
Yes!
Did he train you? Rehearse you? Teach you what to say and what to do?
Why? Since you'd tricked me so well up to then?!! You played his wife so well, Judy! He made you over, didn't he? Just as I've done. But better! Not just the hair and the clothes! the look! the manner! the words! Those beautiful phony trances! That jump into the Bay! I'll bet you're really a strong swimmer, aren't you! Aren't you!!
I wanted to stop it, I ran up to stop it --
Took no chances, did he?  And when you got there, he pushed her off the tower, was that it? But you were the one who screamed. Why did you scream?
Dead. He'd broken her neck.
And she was the one who died. Not you.  The real wife.  You were the copy, you were the counterfeit. Was she dead or alive when you got there?
Yes!
But you knew, that day, that I wouldn't be able to follow you didn't you. Who was at the top when you got there? Elster? With his wife?
Scottie, please...!
I'm going to. It's my second chance.
You can't. You're afraid!
We're going up the tower.
No! Let me go!
We're going up the tower, Madeleine.
Go up the stairs, Judy.  I'll follow.
No!
You look like Madeleine, now. Go up the stairs.
Take me away...
And I couldn't follow her.  God knows I tried.  One doesn't often get a second chance. I want to stop being haunted. You're my second chances, Judy.
-- and wanted to go on loving you." And I said, "I won't lose you."  But I did.
Scottie --
...We stood there and I kissed her for the last time. And she said, "If lose me, you'll know that I loved you --
So am I, But it has to be done. I have to tell you about Madeleine, now.
I'm scared.
I can't do it alone. I need you, to be Madeleine for a while. Then, when it's done, we'll both be free.
Why?
I need you.
No, I don't want to go. I want to stay here.
Madeleine died here.
But why? Why here?
I told you. I have to go back into the past. Once more. For the last time.
Scottie, why are we here?
To complete my cure.
Where are you going?
No, it's all right.
I feel like driving. Are you terrible hungry?
We're going awfully far.
Oh, yeah. There.
Can't you see?
How does it work?
Scottie!
All in good time.
Oh! You're supposed to fasten it!
I've got it.  He bends down and bites the back of her neck.
I'm going to have one of those big beautiful steaks.  And... let's see... to start...
No, Ernie's is fine.
I'm suddenly hungry. Would you rather go somewhere else?
Too late. I've got my face on.
That's what I had in mind.
Oh, no. You'll muss me.
Come here.
Is that the best you can do?
Mmmm.
Well, after all, it's "our place."
You've got a thing about Ernie's, haven't you?
Ernie's?
Wherever you'd like...
Where shall we go for dinner?
We tried it. It didn't suit me.
It should be back from your face -- with a bun at the neck. I told them. I told you.
Well?
All right. Then I'll do it. Because I don't care about me anymore. I just want you to love me.
Yes.
The trouble is, I'm gone now. For you. And I can't do anything about it. I want you to love me. If I let you change me, will that do it? If I do what you tell me, will you love me?
Judy, please it can't matter to you...
Ah, no!
The color of your hair...
Yes. Yes, I do.
You don't even want to touch me.
No, it's you too, Judy. Something in you.
I know. Because I remind you of her. The one that's dead. And not even that, very much.
Judy, I want to tell you: these few days have been the first happy days I've had in a year.
No, you wouldn't let me.  And I don't want to go...
You can.
I wish you'd leave me alone. I want to go away.
We'll take it! Will it fit?
I don't like it!
Judy, you've got to do this for me! Please!
No, I don't want any clothes! I don't want anything! I want to get out of here!
Judy, it can't make much difference to you. I just want to see how you'd look and I know it won't be the same, but --
It's a horrible idea! Is that what I'm here for? To make you feel that you're with someone that's dead?
Judy --
Ah, no!!! I don't want to be dressed like someone dead!
Judy, I just want you to look nice. And I know what kind of suit would look well on you.
You want me to dress like her?
But why?
They're none of them right.
But I loved the second one she wore. And this one --  -- is beautiful.
I'm trying to buy you a suit.
Scottie, what are you doing?
No, it's not right.
But I like that one, Scottie.
I want to! Come on!
But Scottie, you don't have to!
There's Ransohoff's. Nothing but the best. Come on.
Honest?
Okay. Now we're going to buy you some clothes.
Yes --
No, there. There's a good one. Do you like that?
I like that one.
I suppose I could phone the store in the morning, and say I'm sick.
Will you, Judy?
Please! And don't look at me.
Why?!
No, Judy, I'm not going to move! Please! Stay in the chair!
That's not very complimentary, either.
No.
Why?  Because I remind you of someone?  That's not very complimentary.  And nothing would... happen...
Yes.
As friends? We'd just see a lot of each other as friends, and you'd "take care of me"?
I just want to see you as much as I can!
No? Then what?
No.
Oh, I understand, all right. I've been understanding since I was seventeen. And the next step is, as long as you're going to see me tomorrow, why don't you stay the night.
No, Judy, you don't understand.
Oh, Well, thank very much. But no thanks.
I'll take care of you.
And what will I live on? My oil wells in Texas?
Don't go.
Tomorrow m -- but I have to go to work. I've got a job.
Tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow night? Well --
Can I see you tomorrow?
Thank you again. Good-night.
Okay.
Mmm.
An hour?
Oh, no! Give me time to change and get fixed up!
I'll get my car and be back in half an hour.
Well... I've been on blind dates before... Matter of fact, to be honest, I've been picked up before.  Okay.
Because I'd like to have dinner with you.
Because I remind you of her?
Just dinner.
Dinner... and what else?
Then will you for me?
No, you don't owe me anything.
Well, I feel I owe you something for all this...
Why?
Will you have dinner with me?
I told you! My name is Judy Barton! I come from Salina Kansas. I work at Magnin's! I live here! My gosh, do I have to prove it?
I want to know who you are.
Listen, what is this? What do you want?
Salina, Kansas!
But before! Where did you live before!?!
I told you! Right here!
No, a year ago! Where did you live a year ago!!?
About three years.
But you haven't lived here long.
It's a place to live, that's all.
-- and how you happen to be living here.
Just a girl, I work at Magnin's --
Who you are --
Judy Barton.
Your name. And --
What do you want to know?
Well... you don't look very much like Jack the Ripper...
You won't have to.
I warn you, I can yell awfully loud.
Let me come in.
Well, it's not going to work. So you'd better go.
You're not far wrong.
I've heard that one before, too. I remind you of someone you used to be madly in love with, but she ditched you for another guy, and you've been carrying the torch ever since, and then you saw me and something clicked.  Huh!
Why?
You.
What about?
Just let me talk to you.
I'm not going to hurt you! I promise! Please!
Listen, I'm going to yell in a minute!
No, please! I Just want to talk to you!
0h, I thought so! A pick-up!  Well, you've got a nerve, following me right into the hotel and up to my room! You beat it! Go on! Beat it!
No, I happened to see you come in, and I thought --
Do you live here in the hotel?
No, there are just a few things I want to ask you, and --
Is this some kind of Gallup Poll, or something?
My name is John Ferguson, and --
What for? Who are you?
Could I ask you a couple of questions?
Please. Because I love you.  He stares at her, sees the pleading look in her eyes, and lets go. She turns and walks away toward the church, slowly, her head bowed. He watches her go and starts to move after her. Then slowly, as she goes, her head begins to go up until finally, as she walks, she is staring high above her.  And then, suddenly, she breaks into a broken run.
Why?
Let me go into the church alone.
I won't lose you.
And if you lose me, you'll know that I loved you and wanted to go on loving you.
Yes.
You believe that I love you?
Madeleine!!
Let me go! Let me go!!
It had to. We're in love. That's all that counts. Madeleine --
It's not fair, it's too late. It wasn't supposed to happen this way, it shouldn't have happened...!
Please let me go.
Madeleine --
To the church, I must go there.
Where?
Let me go.
Why?
You can't.
There are things I have to tell you, about how we met, and why we are together. But they can wait. The only important thing now is that I love you and I'm going to keep you safe.
Too late... there's something I must do...
No... we're together...
I love you too... too late... too late...
My love... because I love you.
Not merely as it was a hundred years ago. As it was a year ago, or six months ago, whenever you were here to see it.  Madeleine, think of when you were here!
Yes.
And it's a all real.
Here with you.
I stood alone on the green, searching for something, and I started to walk to the church. But then the darkness closed in, I was alone in the dark, being pulled into darkness, and I fought to wake up...
Go on with your dream. What was it that frightened you?
No, never! I've never been there! Scottie, what is it? I've never been there!
Madeleine, a hundred miles south of San Francisco there's an old Spanish Mission, Mission San Juan Bautista. It's been preserved exactly as it was a hundred years ago as a museum. Now, think hard, darling. You've been there before. You've seen it!
No, never!
You've been there before. You've seen it.
It's all there. It's no dream.
Yes?! But --
-- and an old wooden hotel of the old California days, and a saloon... dark... low-ceilinged... with hanging oil lamps.
At the end of the green there was a whitewashed stone house with a lovely pepper tree at the corner --
Go on.
There was a village square, a green with trees... and an old whitewashed Spanish church with a cloister. Across the green: a big, grey, wooden house with a porch and shutters and a balcony above... a small garden, and next to it, a livery stable... with old carriages lined up inside.
Tell me.
But clear... so very clear... for the first time... all of it...
Yes --
It was the tower again... and the bell, and the old Spanish village...
It was a dream, you're awake, you're all right, now. Can you tell me?
I didn't wake him. I don't want him to know...
Where's your husband?
Only this far.
No, don't go away!
I had the dream. The dream came back again...
Why? What's happened?
I should have phoned... but I wanted to see you... be with you...
All the time.
Don't leave me... stay with me...
I'm so afraid...  ...you won't let it happen...
I'm here, I've got you...
I'm not mad. I'm not mad. And I don't want to die, but there's someone inside me, there's a somebody else, and she says I must die... Scottie, don't let me go!
And so explain it away?  But there is a way to explain it, you see. If I'm mad? That would explain it, wouldn't it?
If I could find the key... find the beginning put it together...
No!
But I'm the woman in the mirror!
Of the woman in the mirror. Would you know her if you saw her?
No.
A portrait? Do you ever see a portrait?
This part is dream, I think. There is a tower and a bell and... a garden below... but it seems to be in Spain... a village in Spain. And then it clicks off, and is gone.
What else?
No. It's new and clean, and waiting.
There's a name on the gravestone.
I know.
How do you know?
I don't know. An open grave. I stand by the gravestone looking down into it. And it's my grave.
Where?
A grave...
What else?
No... it's in shadow.
Would you know the room?
A room... there is a room, and I sit there alone... always alone...
What do you remember?
Vaguely...
But the small scenes, the fragments in the mirror: you remember them.
Yesterday.
There is so little I know. It is as though I were walking down a long corridor that once was mirrored, and fragments of mirror still hang there, dark and shadowy, reflecting a dark image of me... and yet not me... someone else, in other clothes, of another time, doing things I have never done... but still me... And I can't stop to ask why, I must keep on walking. At the and of the corridor there is nothing but darkness, and I know when I walk into the darkness, I'll die.  But I've never come to the and; I've always come back, before then. Except once.
And you'll go on saving me? Again and again?
I'm responsible for you now, you know.  The Chinese say that once you have saved someone's life, you are responsible for it forever. And so I'm committed. And I have to know.
...somewhere in the light.
Home?
Take me away from here?
No! Please! Please, please, please, please, don't ask me!
What?!
No, I can't tell you!
What was it inside that told you to jump?
No!
Why did you jump?
I didn't jump, I fell! You told me I fell!
When you jumped in the bay, you didn't know where you were. You guessed but you didn't know.
No, don't ask me!
Tell me what it is. Where do you go? What takes you away?
No!... No!
Where?
Long ago...
Where were you born?
When?
Yes...
Have you been here before?
The tall trees...
Where?
Here with you.
Where are you now?
Madeleine!
Somewhere in here I was born... and here I died and it was only a moment for you... you took no notice...
No, thank you.
Would you like a drink of water?
No.
No birds live here.
And no birds sing.
Only silence. It's always like this.
Do you hear anything?
Knowing I have to die...
Why?
I don't like them.
Their true name is Sequoia Sempervirens: always green, ever- living.
Of all the people who have been born... and have died... while the trees went on living.
What are you thinking?
The oldest living things?
Oh... some, two thousand years, or more.
How old?
If I've been there? That's silly! Either you've been to a place or you haven't.
How can you be sure?
Of course not! I'm a wanderer!  I'd like to go somewhere I've never been!
Do you know where you're going?
No... no, I don't think that's necessarily true.
Wander separately? Ah, but only one is a wanderer. Two, together, are always going somewhere.
Don't you think it's sort of a waste for the two of us to...
Oh, yes, I forgot: It's your occupation, isn't it?
Ah.  That's what I was going to do.
No, I Just thought I'd wander.
Well... anywhere in particular?
No.
Shopping?
I don't know.
Good-bye.
Good-bye.
We have.
Meet again, sometime.
What?
I hope we will, too.
The first time I've been grateful for Coit Tower.
I couldn't mail it; I didn't know your address. But I had a landmark. I remembered Coit Tower and it led me straight to you.
No! No, thank you!
Would you like some coffee?
I enjoyed talking to you.
-- talking to you...
Not at all, I enjoyed --
Oh, yes! The whole thing must have been so embarrassing for you!
You've nothing to apologize for.
Oh, yes. Fine. No after effects.  But as I remember now, that water was cold, wasn't it?  What a terrible thing to do... and you were so kind...  It's a formal thank-you letter. And a great big apology.
I wanted to drive you home. Are you all right?
I... suddenly felt such a fool.
Good morning. I worried about you, last night. You shouldn't have run like that.
Oh! Yes. Hello.
No... this is the first time for me, too.
No, never before. I've fallen into lakes, out of rowboats, when I was a little girl. And I fell into a river, once, trying to leap from one stone to another. But I've never fallen into San Francisco Bay. Have you? Ever before?
...Falling... into San Francisco Bay?
What?
Will you tell me something? Has this ever happened to you before?
No... it's wrong.
Some people prefer it.
One shouldn't live alone.
That's a good occupation. And live here... alone?
Wander about.
I prefer John. There, that's done.  And what do you do, John?
No, I wouldn't like that. And after what happened today I should think you could call me Scottie. Or even John.
I shall call you Mr. Ferguson.
John. Old friends. Acquaintances call me Scottie.
That's a good, strong name. Do your friends call you John? Or Jack.
My name is John Ferguson.
No, you are right,  I'm glad you didn't take me home... I wouldn't have known you, to thank you...  Oh, but I don't know you! And you don't know me! My name is Madeleine Elster.
Yes, I knew which one it was. It's out there, now. But I didn't think you'd want to be brought home that way.
You could have looked in my car. Oh, but you didn't know my car, did you?
I... didn't know where you lived.
You shouldn't have brought me here, you know.
Oh! Yes! Here!
When you...  There were pins in my hair...
No.
Lucky for me you were wandering about. Thank you again. I've been terrible bother to you.
Oh, that's a lovely spot, isn't it? I've never been inside. But it looks so lovely, driving past.
The Palace of the Legion of honor. The Art Gallery.
You like it, too.
Wandering about.
You're not. Merely direct. What were you doing there? At Old Fort Point?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be rude.
I will. You're terribly direct in your questions.
Please drink your coffee.
Before?  Where?  Where had you been?
Oh... wandering about.
This afternoon.
When?
Where had you been before?
Because I love it so. It's beautiful there. Especially at sunset.  Ah... thank you for the fire.
Why?
...Old Port Point!  Out at the Presidio! Of course I remember! I often go there!
At...
Where were you?
Oh, of course I remember that!  But then I must have had a dizzy spell, and fainted!
Do you remember where you were?
No...
You don't remember.
You...  ...fell into the Bay.
Why am I here? What happened?
What car?
Her car is gone.
In her room? Well, yes, of course if you ask. But it does seem silly...
Would you please go and look?
And there! There you see? Her key is on the rack!
Oh, no! She hasn't been here at all! I would have seen her, you know. I've been right here all the time, putting olive oil on my rubber plant leaves!
I saw her come in five minutes. ago.
Oh, but she hasn't been here today. Scottie whirls back on her.
When she comes down, don't say that I've been here.
No... she only comes to sit. Two or three times a week. And I never ask questions, you know. As long as they're well behaved. I must say that I've wondered --
Does she sleep here? Ever?
Oh, it must be two weeks. Yes, the rent's due tomorrow.
How long has she had the room?
Yes, that's it. Sweet name, isn't it?  Foreign. But sweet.
Carlotta Valdes?
Valdes. Miss Valdes.  It's Spanish, you know.
What is her name?
I can't imagine that sweet girl with that dear face --
Please answer my question.
Oh, dear! Has she done something wrong?
Oh, I'm afraid we couldn't give out information of that sort. Our clients are entitled to their privacy, you know. And I do believe it's against the law! Of course, I don't think any of them would mind, really, but still I would have to know who you are, and ask --
Would you tell me, who has the room on the second floor in the corner, that corner?
Oh, yes!
Yes... you run this hotel.
Is there something I can do for you?
Oh?
As a matter of fact, I thought I might give it to you.
No, not exactly. Want to see?
What is it, a still life?
Well, it's a living. But I'm excited about this.
Good. I've always said you were wasting your time in the underwear department.
Oh, I'm having a wonderful time! I've gone back to my first love... painting.
Wandering.
What have you been doing?
Naturally.
If you want to. Naturally, we won't talk about anything you don't want to talk about.
What I've been doing?
Oh... this and that.
Fair enough. What'll we talk about at dinner?
I just thought if I gave you a drink and fed you some dinner, you'd be so grateful you'd take me to a movie.
Well, I detected an undercurrent.
All I said in the note was: "Where are you?" That doesn't sound desperate to me.
What was this desperate urge to see me?
Oh?
Yeah.
Did you need it?
Mm. Better.
Oh?
Around.
Where?
Just wander.
Since I stopped being able to get them on the phone. For a man who has nothing to do, you're certainly a busy little bee. Where do you go, these days?
I did. Since when do you go about slipping notes under men's doors?
Bye-bye!
Midge!
Mmm, yeah, I guess...
No, not Carlotta. Elster's wife.
Carlotta?
Is she pretty?
Think?  Well, what do you think?
I'm not telling you what I think! I'm telling you what he thinks!
And the idea is that the Beautiful Mad Carlotta has come back from the dead, to take possession of Elster's wife?  Ah, Johnny! Come on!
Out!
I know. The one who phoned. Your old college chum, Elster.
Out. I've got things to do.
Who's the guy, who's the wife?
I've told you enough.
You haven't told me everything.
Here you are.
I'll take you home.
You'll tell, or you'll be back in that corset! Come on!
Nothing to tell.
For bringing you here. Come on, tell!
For what?
Now then, Johnny-O; pay me.
And she died...
The poor thing....
All right, come on. Introduce me. Where is your hat?
Pop Leibel? Sure.
Do you know him well?
Wait a minute! You're not a detective any more. What's going on?
Who shot who in the Embarcadero in August, 1879.
Pop Leibel owns the Argosy Book Shop. What do you want to know?
Who?
Pop Leibel.
Yeah.
Oh!  You mean Gay Old Bohemian Days of Gay Old San Francisco!  The juicy stories? Like who shot who in the Embarcadero August, 1879?
Not that kind of history. The small stuff! About people you never heard of!
Professor Saunders, over in Berkeley.
Well, who? Come on, you know everybody.
Now, that's the kind of greeting a girl likes.  None of this "hello you look wonderful" stuff. Just a good straight "who do you know" --
Oh, damn it! Damn it, damn it --
Johnny!
This is a cinch. I look up, I look down. I look up --
Easy, now.
Okay.
Step number two.
Stop kidding. Wait a minute.
Now. I look up, I look down. I look up, I look down. Nothing to it.
What do you want me to start with -- the Golden Gate Bridge?
That!?!
Here, I'll show you what I mean. We'll start with this.
I've got a theory. Look. If I can get used to heights just a little at a time... progressively see?
How?
I think I can lick it.
I asked my doctor. He said only another emotional shock could do it, and probably wouldn't. And you're not going to go diving off another rooftop to find out.
My... the acrophobia.
What.
Midge, what did you mean, there's no losing it?
Sorry, old man. Work.
Well, I'm on the bum; I'll buy him a couple of drinks and tell him my troubles. But not tonight. If you won't drink with me, I'll drink alone, tonight. 
He's probably on the bum and wants to touch you for the price of a drink.
Could be.
That's Skid Row... isn't it?
I got a call from him today. Funny. He dropped out of sight during the war, and I'd heard he'd gone East. I guess he's back.  It's a Mission number.
Gavin? Gavin Elster? You'd think I'd would. No.
Ah, sweet college days. But you're the one who blew it. I'm still available. Available Ferguson. Say, Midge, do you remember a guy at college named Gavin Elster?
Three whole weeks.
Yeah, I'm a brute. We were engaged once though, weren't we?
You know there's only one man in the world for me, Johnny-O.
Aren't you ever going to get married?
Normal.
Well?
That's following a train of thought.
How's your love life, Midge?
What a pleasant hobby.
An aircraft engineer down the peninsula designed it. He worked it out in his spare time.
Uh-huh!
It's brand new. Revolutionary uplift. No shoulder straps, no back straps, but does everything a brassiere should do. It works on the principle of the cantilever bridge.
I've never run across one like that.
It's a brassiere. You know about those things. You're a big boy, now.
Oh!
From that music.
I'm having one now.
Have you had any dizzy spells this week?
To forget? Don't be so motherly, Midge. I'm not going to crack up.
Mmm. Why don't you go away for a while?
Nothing for a while. You forget, I'm a man of independent means. Or fairly independent.
Well?... what'll you do?
Ah, Johnny-O...
Not with my Acrophobia, Midge. If I dropped a pencil on the floor and bent down to pick it up, it could be disastrous!
It's where you belong.
And sit behind a desk?  Chairborne?
Well, you've got it. And there's no losing it. And there's no one to blame. So why quit?
I know. I have Acrophobia. What a disease. A fear of heights. And what a moment to find out I had it.
Johnny, the doctors explained --
I know. Everybody tells me.
It wasn't your fault.
I wake up at night seeing him fall from the roof... and try to reach out for him.
Why?
I had to quit, Midge.
No, it's your life. But you were the bright young lawyer who decided he was going to be chief of police some day.
You sound so disapproving, Midge.
What are you going to do? Now that you've quit the police force?
What do you mean?
Please!  And what happens after tomorrow?
How do you know? Personal experience?
More than you think.
Midge, do you suppose many men wear corsets?
Tomorrow... the corset comes off. And this thing goes out the window.  I shall be a free man. I shall wiggle my behind... free and unconfined.
What's tomorrow?
Well, you know those police department doctors: no sense of style.  Ah, tomorrow!
No three-way stretch? How very un- chic.
It's this darned corset. It binds. He retrieves the stick.
I thought you said no more aches and pains?
Ow!!
Thank you, Mr. Leibel. Thank you very much.
By her own hand.  There are many such stories.
How?
She died.
By... no... the name I do not remember. A rich man, a powerful man.  It is not an unusual story. She came from somewhere small, to the south of the city... some say from a mission settlement... young, yes; very young.  And she was found singing and dancing in a cabaret by the man... wait... wait... Ives! His name was Ives!  Yes. And he took her and built for her this great house in the Western Addition... and there was a child. Yes. This was it. The child.
By whom?
It was hers. It was built for her. Many years ago.
What does a big old wooden house on the corner of Eddy and Gough Street have to do with her?
Yes... the Beautiful Carlotta... the Sad Carlotta...
Yes, it is. Now, I want to look at an evening dress, a dinner dress, black -- short -- long sleeves -- with a neck cut this...  ...and the skirt out. 
Well, if it's absolutely necessary...
Can we have it by tonight?
Well...
How soon can it be altered?
Oh, yes! It may need some slight alterations, but it is madam's size.  All right, dear.  We'll have it for you to try in a moment.
I thought so!
Yes! That's it!
Now, Judy, it isn't anything to get --
She'll be out in a moment.
Not tweed -- it's a smoother material, with a larger collar and belted. 
But you said grey, sir.
No, that's not it. Nothing like it.
We're gonna get caught. I know we're gonna get caught. They were eyeballing my car.
Can't do what?
That's a horrible ugly comment. "Dead whore?" She's a person!
I'm not going to ruin my life over a dead whore.
Bullshit it's not accesory. I didn't do shit. You call the cops, you explain it was an accident...
They'll get us on accesory to murder.
Don't touch her. Call 911.
Jesus.
I need a drink.
She's fucking hot!
Excellent.
The stripper's here.
Well that's what I said.
I didn't hear you.
I said how's it going?
What did you say?
What's that?
What?
How ya doing?
You go home!
Go home!
Don't you fucking threaten me - I'll fucking kill you.
Don't you threaten me you little rat fuck.
You fucking bastard!
You got a retarded kid and a fat pig wife.
You're a loser.
If you ever touch my minivan again, I'll make you sorry. Real sorry.
Eat my ass!
And you're a little fucking reject.
About anybody but yourself. You never have.
They're not on to us. I'm gonna call Boyd.
Fucking Boyd. That fucking idiot. They're on to us.
What are you fucking talking about?
You have acquaintances - business friends and superficial golf buddies. You have always been a fringe player. You have some serious male on male intimacy problems.
The hell I don't.
The hell you do.
I have plenty of friends.
You never were a team player. That's why you never had any friends.
Don't point at me.
You're not a team player.
What did you say?
You're pathetic.
This is pathetic.
It's sacrilegious.
Why?
Why?!
I don't know why the floor was wet!
Why was the floor wet?
The floor was wet. She slipped!
Playing?
We were playing...she slipped...she hit her head.
She's dead.
I was just playing...we were playing just playing around.
Franco mother-fucking Harris!
Tonight we return once again to the cave. Tonight we let the monsters out. We fill ourselves with the spirits of Genghis Khan, Joe Namath, JFK, Paton, Lombardi, Hemingway...
I don't have to...
Name one.
Multiple reasons.
Oh, and why am I an asshole?
You're an asshole.
You're an asshole Adam.
Boyd brought up divorce statistics.
No, because your opinions are idiotic and have nothing to do with what any given conversation is about, which makes 85% of your eagerly injected thought process highly offensive to me.
Because my opinion threatens yours, it's poorly developed?
It's really a stupid opinion. You have developed an annoying habit of talking for what seems to be no other reason than to hear yourself speak.
Sorry Fish.
You're interrupting a personal conversation.
No first of all. I'm not in a game mood.
First of all...
We're leaving from my house in three hours. If you want to come, get your numbers in order by then.
No. I'm not Boyd. I am not cool at all.
All right. Let's all go back in. Adam? You're cool right?
I got children. I've got a life.
They won't figure it out.
I'm talking about DNA samples, fiber optics, search parties, they got infrared scanners, FBI scientists. They figure this shit out. They always figure it out.
It has worked.
I won't calm down. I can't do this. We can't do this. It won't work. It will not work.
Adam! Calm down.
I didn't do anything! I'll turn your pathetic ass in!
I don't give a damn.
You got some mighty fucking fine bad timing Adam. We got a rehearsal situation here.
Nobody's smoking anybody out.
They're on me. They're smoking me out!
Who? What are you talking about?
At the seven-eleven.
What?
I can't do this.
What is your problem?
Any time fat boy!
Fuck you Boyd!
Watch the tone fella.
Don't talk to me about character.
Lighten up Adam. Show some character.
Would you, shush?! These phones aren't secure!
Oh I did? I think it was your little rat fuck brother who decided to play Hamburger Helper with the hooker's head.
You got us into this mess.
What does that mean?
Boyd you idiot, the shit's coming down!
Wrong. That is flat out wrong. Hell is for cowards, for hypocrites who fear to live by the strenght of their own convictions. This is war. Given the circumstances, and given the fact that we are alive and they are not, we have chosen life over death. Two wrongs don't make a right. So our conviction and execution would only mean more death here, not less.
We are all going straight to hell. Either hell or prison, whichever comes first.
Now I am the last to say that we have done here is a good thing. It's not. It's not a good thing. But it was, given the circumstances, the smart play. We did what had to be done. And...well...I'm proud of us. I'm proud of each and every one of us. We performed. Under the most complex and nerve shattering of situations, we stood fast and we delivered. I feel proud.
Alright. Let's do it.
I am not flexible on this.
We have to get going.
Open the suitcases, unpack the body parts and reunite the limbs.
Well what the fuck are we supposed to do?
That is absolutely not true.
She's Asian. They don't have Jews in Asia.
No we're not. The bodies are all mixed up. We can't do this to them.
So that's what we're doing.
According to Jewish law, the blood and limbs are considered to be part of the human being. They must be buried together or their souls won't rest in peace.
How do you figure?
No, I mean the suitcases. We can't bury them in suticases.
We've already done this.
We can't do this.
What?
Wait. Wait a minute.
I'm not wrecking the transmission!
Sun rises at 5:52.
The reality is, you take away the horror of this situation, take away the tragedy of the death, take away the moral and ethical implications of all the crap you have had conditioned, beaten, into your head since grade one. What are we left with? What? A 115 lb. problem. 115 lbs. that must be moved from point A to point B. Now, a straight line in the shortest distance but we are denied the luxury of a visible straight line. But that line exists and I see it.I see that line. Trust me. Adam. Trust me...I can take care of this.
Have you ever done this before?
Someone goes to Walmart, gets some buckets, brushes, mops, Spic and Span, the works.
What about the blood?
We check out the area and wait for a time when it's clear.
You don't think someone will have a problem with a body being thrown off a balcony?
Wrap her up in blankets. Bring the car around to the back of the hotel, throw her off the balcony, put her in the car...Done.
She's got bondage burns on her wrists. There's blow all over the room, Moore looks like he went at it with a mountain lion. This room looks like the Manson Family stayed here a month. Micheal goes down, we all go down.
So I didn't fucking do it!
Her fucking head was caved in.
It's a marble floor, we can clean it up.
Her blood is all over the bathroom. I'd say that's a bit of a DNA problem.
Nobody knows she's here. I called her personally. Nobody knows.
Have you completely lost your mind? So you get her out of here. So you get her out into the desert somehow, without anybody seeing, so what, you don't think at some point somebody might notice that she's gone?
We can do this. We can get her out of here.
You don't just casually walk out of a Vegas Casino with a dead woman.
Sure, why not.
Bury her out in the desert.
What were we doing officer? Why didn't we help her? Well...we're all a bit high, you know, bachelor party, that kind of thing. Fisher here is getting married in three days...Beautiful wife ...he didn't have anything at all to do with it...It was all Micheal here... just Micheal...
I'm calling the police.
Just giving the facts.
Just stop.
There's more.
Stop it!
Yes sir, there sure is an option here. There are always options.
That is not an "option." There is no multiple choice here.
Call the police. Okay, that's one option.
We have a dead woman bleeding all over the bathroom. What options? Call the police.
Stop it! Listen to me. Let's just take a second here and take hold of the situation, OK? Let's just review our options here.
You're a lying deviant. What did you do?!
Are you sure this was an accident?
Her head's bashed in and her heart isn't beating.
Listen to me. Please. Everybody just calm down a bit here. Okay... First...are we sure she's dead?
Everybody shut up. LISTEN TO ME!
Why?
We have to call the ambulance.
Why?  Why? She's dead. Why are you calling an ambulance?
Calling the ambulance.
Just wait a second. Wait one second. Okay. What are you doing?
I'm calling the ambulance.
What do you think you are doing?
What are you talking about?
What are you doing?
What?
Wait!
You don't know what you're doing.
She's got no fucking pulse.
Over eight years of some of the hardest raging experiences of my life.
More.
I set up Fisher with the broker that found his house. Took care of that one, didn't I?  Prison Communications.
You can't keep bringing up Starbucks. That was your only real hit in like 75 tries.
One idea that if you had fucking listened to, you would each be worth approximately 15 million dollars.
You want to hear me out?
Don't even start.
I'm not getting a ticket.
Four hours and fifteen minutes. I can make Vegas in 3 and change.
What do you mean? It's it's a Goddamn Mini-Mart?!
There is no candy!
Where's the candy?
They're screaming like monsters and it's giving me a headache. Go get some fucking Starbursts.
Later.
They're screaming for Starbursts.
What?
Honey, go in there and get some Starbursts.
They're singing.
They're driving me nuts!
Don't snap at them!
Where's the bathroom?
I got you.
I got a migraine like a little monkey kicking in the side of my skull, Mike Tyson with a fucking sledge hammer trying to crack...
Jesus Adam, can we not get into this now please?
Have you thought about what I said?
We are. We go to the police. We tell them the truth. Now. Before they find out. Now. We save ourselves.
I don't think so.
You and I have done nothing. You especially. We are innocent.
What.
I want you to hear me out.
It has to be done.
No way.
What happened? Oh my God...
Either side you idiot. I'm calling 911.
Y'see? That's the real point here. That's what I'm driving for, when the big storm comes and knocks down all the forests and the rocks fall down and the leave's are bare. What's left? The little trees, the little fellas that the storm didn't see. The tiny little...
I know...
If anything ever happens to me...
I know and I'm honored...
I tell mine that they're little men. I tell them they're strong. They make me feel joy. I let 'em know. So they really know that I need them just as much. You know. Just as much man. And you know, you're their godfather...
Don't eyeball your kids.
I won't do it.
Don't ever stare him down.
The bucks gonna stop right here.  If my son doesn't know the six New England states, if he has trouble with geography, I won't stick it in his face. I'll help the little guy. I'll put him in the car and take him out there. I'll take him to Maine for a big Lobster dinner, go skiing in Vermont, hot dogs at Yankee Stadium...I won't stare him down.
Then fuck what your father said, cause I'm gonna tell you right now...You'll know what it's all about, why you got married and why you love her when you wake up at three in the morning, and the streetlight's coming through the window and it's just catching a corner of her face, like a sleeping angel. And her hair smells sweet and she's your's. She's all your's. Do you see where I'm going here?
No. I think it's fucked.
Are you solid with that?
Right! That's exactly what I'm saying. My father said, first of all, I'm your father not your friend. I'm your father.
No. No. No. It's what my father said to me. He said it and he meant it... He said to me...He said, Adam, he said...He told me and I heard him... he said...  Hell he said so many Goddamn things I can't remember everything he said for Christsake.
They've all been real times. And as you prepare to enter into a new phase of life, as you prepare for new roles; father, husband, teacher, you will, as I have, come to except the letting go of of old ways. Soon, the mellowing will begin...
Real times.
No...we want padded chairs...okay?
That's one idea.
I know you'll be.  Three hours.
We'll be ready Adam.
Tomorrow.  We are getting married tomorrow.
So. When is the wedding.
So where's that leave us?
And a house. Valued at 350 thousand.
Well, oh...
Actually, no. Adam was switching to a Whole Life Policy, but re-scheduled his medical exam...and failed to make his last payment...so his Term Life lapsed. So it's value is null and void.  Now he did have a pension account, worth another 150 thousand.
What does that mean?
Yes money. Adam had a five hundred dollar Term Life Insurance Policy.
Money?
There's more.
My god.
Lois please.
I will call the police right now if I don't start getting some answers.
He's upset about Adam. We're all upset.
Shut up Boyd! Micheal?
Micheal. Tell Lois that nothing...
Micheal? Do you have something to tell me?
I don't want to hear it from the liar. Stick a plug in it Boyd. Fisher? What happened in Vegas?
Nothing happened in Vegas.
You're a liar. I want to know what happened in Vegas.
I don't understand where this personal attack is coming from...
Don't sweet lip me.
What are you talking about?
I'm just gonna let her know I'm here.
She's in there!
Great. Fine. Perfect.
Is everything okay?
Sweet deal.
That's right.
She's still working?
She's in the bathroom...she's still working.
Sin City. Devil's Playground. The Black Bitch. All day every day.  Where's Tina?
That's right.
Doing the bachelor party thing?
Yup.
The groom?
Who?
So who's the lucky guy?
Okay. Hi.
She's here. She's just...Hold on a second.
Where is she?
She's not here.
I'm with Tina. Is she there?
What?
Ah, yeah, hi. Is Tina there?
What is it?
He's fine. Okay Mikey, let's go.  You guys stay here.
He's too drunk.
Give me two more.
He just had two.
What is her disposition?
What's goosed?
I'm not talking to you?
What's your fucking point?
Today is the best day of the rest of our lives.
The past is the past. Today is the beginning of the rest of our lives.
Here's his head.
I got her arm.
We can take her out to Red Rock. Find some quiet place...and put her in the ground.
He's right.
Left side.
Where do you look? What side of the neck?
Jack Kerouback, Herman Melville, Henry Miller and Hunter S. Thompson. I dedicate this evening to fear and to major loathing. So from sun set to sun rise, let me be heard...
Keith Richards, Dean Martin...
Not tonight.
But not tonight.
Fine. Don't come crying to Boyd. No sir.
I don't think so Boyd.
That's the whole point. They rarely work out. But on occasion they do. And when they do, they do big.
Your investment ideas never work out.
Fish?
No I don't.
You need help.
I'm a lifesaver. A lighthouse. Up all night in the rain, in stormy gale force wind, tornado and fucking earthquakes. I stay lit for you. I stay lit. I don't go dark. I never go dark!
Not a prayer.
And if you think you can fuck me, don't. Cause I'm fucking insulated Fisher. Protected. Backed up on floppy. Do you get me? I want my fucking money!
You're sick.
Blood money. Insurance dollars that you have thus fucking far decided not to tell me about at all. In no way have you mentioned that money. And I find that to be very very offensive.
I'm serious. I'm the serious one here. I'm the one making the play. I'm the Indian Runner. And I want my money.
I'm serious.
Whatever you say Kojak.
Fine? Fine what?
Okay fine.
I'm talking about some bad, bad, very bad things. Bad things! Those are bad fucking things!
You care to add a little specification to that slanderous accusation?
You've got a warped thought process. Your brain doesn't function properly.
My what?
I'm getting really tired of your bullshit.
This is a situation that defies judgement. We have acted and showed courage that is not of a kind known by most.
Hold on a sec.  Lois, you sure you wouldn't rather do this in the morning?
Isn't it a little late?
That's right.
Now?
That it was all an accident. She wants to hear it from Micheal's mouth.
Hear what?
Good deal. Lois just wants to hear it from Micheal.
Yeah.
I'm talking about Lois having relaxed her anxiety. Only deal is...you still got Micheal there?
What does that mean?
Okay. Here's the deal and it's a good one. Lois is cool. It's a pacified situation.
You got a nasty side to your thought process.
I don't know...
And what does that mean?  Are you insane?!  You think I would hurt Lois?! She's the mother of those kids! What is wrong with you?
What does that mean?
Take care of business.
What are you going to do?
Just do it.
I don't think that's such a good idea.
After you drop the kids off, take Micheal home. Put a few drinks in him so he'll sleep.
Suck my ass.
Jesus Boyd you're going to O.D. him.
No, but she's definitely pissed and hostile. And she's clearly starting to think that's something's not right.
Does she sound pissed, scared, hostile? Did she mention the police?
Regarding what?
You want to know what you are doing here?! You are love pumping. You are protecting all that is sacred and beautiful and in sync with poetry and sunsets and little newborn babies. You are walking the walk. This is it Fisher, the real stuff. You love this woman. Love is second to nothing. I love you. I love Moore. I love Micheal. This car is full of love, and nothing - absolutely nothing - supersedes love, man. Nothing. We will do what it takes. Whatever it takes.
What's your point?
Exactly! Exactly my point.
I just want to get married.
What you just said. Say it again.
What?
Say it again.
I don't know! I just want to get married.
Yes, you did. Now that is the question! That is exactly the question we should be asking ourselves. You tell me Fisher. What have we done?
I said, what have we done?
What is the question you asked me?
What?
What did you ask me?
Boyd...What have we done?
He is not cracking up.
He's cracked up.
No easy Boyd! I got a best friend in there in pieces. How about a little sensitivity?
Easy Boyd.
He's having a problem here.
Negative. This is not what we have worked out in terms of presented behavior.
Shut up Boyd.
OK. Definitely not cool! Definitely inappropriate behavior here.
No, the problem, as I recall, was the lack of blocking...
The problem was our quarterback had trouble remembering his right from left...
You always were a jealous man.
Fisher had a less than normal relationship with that Donkey.
However it goes, the point is, nobody says anything to anyone ever. Right? ...Right?
It goes; "Today is the first day of the rest of our lives."
No, this is the perfect time. This is real time. Adam. Your brother and I, as well as several others present, have always suspected that you...  ...are a fully repressed, living in major denial, locked down, fly-boy butt-fucker.
Micheal, now is probably not the best time for this.
Go ahead.
I'm talking about prayer.
What kind of words?
I think we should say some words over the grave.
That is a load of shit. Personal power has nothing to do with any of this. Tony Robbins has helped me to unlock energy and see my options more clearly, yes, but to give him credit for this, for all of this...Well that's just more than the man deserves.
So help me God you touch that phone and I bury you with them.  Surrender is no longer an option. I repeat - It is not an option. Is there anyone who does not understand that?
I'm calling the police.
All right people. New plan. Not even a new plan so much as a modification of the old plan.
Good God...Good God...
Nobody knows she's here.
What's insane is the fact that Micheal here put a fucking girl's head through a toilet. That's insane.
Oh God. This is insane.
Nobody knows.
Oh for Christsake Boyd. Somebody must know she's here.
Well we can definitely call the police. That's an easy call. If we call the police...What happens?  They find a dead prostitute in the bathroom...They ask us...What happened? We say, ah...our friend, Micheal...  Your brother...got a little out of control...they were making love...and he got a little excited...and he, ah, sort of beat her head into the side of a toilet, while he choked her to death with a rubber hose...
Fuck! Fuck you fucking guys!
Shut up.
Call 911.
Shut up.
She's dead. Call somebody!
No.
Oh, Jesus...call the police.
I can't.
She's all your's Fish. Anything you want. Happy bachelor party.
Or a stock kick of approximately 125% on shares which are currently sitting around $4.38, or, in plain English...
We need padded chairs.
That would translate to government guaranteed contract in excess of 35 million dollars.
No, I'm holding for Tony. In chairs. Keith Fisher. Okay.
Prison Communication Systems.  An acquaintance friend of mine is professionally involved with a communications outfit in Denver that I just happen to know for a fact is about to be rewarded a very large, exclusive contract to rewire every state prison in Colorado. Yes sir.
Not really.  Yes, the Fisher wedding chairs...
Who's up for making some real money?
Tony? This is Keith Fisher. You're doing my wedding and I'm calling about the chair situation. Yeah, I'll hold.
Well, I didn't mean it.
You said that Boyd.
I love you.
Come on tough guy. Listen to me.  You are going to tell Lois that it was all an accident. Okay cowboy? You got me?
How about my Fatburger?
Okay Micheal, let's go.  Upsy daisy big guy.
Give me the Valium.
Goosed!
Stop.
Goosed!
Stop it!
Micheal get a grip.  What did you tell her?
We're goosed! Goosed by God!
We're not goosed.
We're goosed.
He must take an open-field run to profitability through excessive debt large competitors and dwindling market share. Before the clock runs out.
Easy Micheal.
Franco Harris has a flare for the dramatic. The former Pittsburgh Steeler running back, beat known for "The Immaculate Reception," his improbable sixty yard Ricochet Reception. I say Ricochet Reception has made a bold move on corporate America.  Harris has lead a group of investors in the purchase of the Park Sausage Company. By taking on the challenge of resurrecting Park's, Harris is engaged in the equivalent of a sudden death overtime.
You want some breakfast meat. Micheal. Is that what you want?
Ball park sausages.
The need to know is clear. What did Adam tell Lois? That's the name of the game. What did Adam tell Lois? What does Lois know?
You will not screw this up.
This is going to stop right now. Right now!
No. I said nobody knew she was coming to the hotel.
You said nobody would miss her.
Oh that's just nothing. That's just a missing persons thing, that's all.
Not a problem. Understand not my words, but follow my orders. Follow my orders.
Not really, no.
A little gut check time fellas. A time for some serious self-exploration. How do I function? For real? No more bullshit. Can I keep my cool when they bounce my bananas? When they won't play my fucking song? etc, etc. Do you get me? Do you get me?
That's what I'm saying. Let the Israelis straighten it up. They got plenty of room down there, number one. Plus, and this is just a plus, they kind of look alike - the Jews and the Mexicans. So I think on a whole your average Joe Mexican is gonna have less of a problem getting his head around the whole assimilation thing. Am I right?
They need leadership.
The Mexicans would love it. They're dying for a little order down there. They need direction.
Lock up the chickens, dig up the holy dirt, pack up the wailing crying wall thing they bang their heads on all day long, stick it all on a big fucking tug boat. The whole country picks up and takes Mexico.
What?
Take Mexico.
What? What's your point?
There's my point exactly.
The Israelis can protect themselves. They got the Mossad thing happening. Mossad's for real, man. They scalp babies.
Now if I'm the King of Israel and all these sand niggers are armed to the gills and you know it's just a matter of time ...right? Am I right?
What's your point?
I say to myself, look at the map. Look what's all around you. People who wish bad bad things for you and your people. For thousands of years the Jews are fighting everybody. It used to be they'd throw rocks, then the iron revolution and they would attack with spears. Then the gunpowder revolution. Now they're shooting fire power back and forth, all day bullets flying, babies getting shot.
They have a president. A Benjamin Yahoo something.
Then what do they have?
Israel doesn't have a King.
If I'm the king of Israel, I say to myself, King, I say to myself, King... Take a good look around. What do I see?
New king.
And what happens when you can't?
I am a lover. In Africa, you can stay king as long as you can service your women every night.
You have a King fantasy.
Not true.
True.
False.
You hate women.
I don't hate women.
Oh really? Starbucks?
Your ideas never work out.
Moore?
Nope.
I never heard that.
You said one in two marriages end in divorce.
The hell I did!
The hell you didn't!
The hell I did!
It's my fucking opinion.
You're a fucking moron.
I do.
These rings represent the commitment Fisher and Liz make to each other on the day. Fisher do you take Liz to be your beloved wife, to respect, honor and cherish till death do you part?
The rings?
What?
May we have the rings please?
It's not a question of supposed to, it's an entirely personal decision... Some do some don't.
Are we supposed to?
All right then. It's refreshing to see two young people not afraid of real commitment. Will you have friends or family saying words - singing or anything?
Yea...It's great...seems like...I don't know you've got all the important stuff in there.
Do you love me? DO YOU LOVE ME?!
But...
You put him down or don't bother coming back.
No...
If you don't tie up all the loose ends it'll never be over.
What?
You and Moore move the bodies and bury Boyd with them. In fact, put Moore in the ground too.
I...Liz...all I ever wanted, was for you to be happy. I just wanted to give you the wedding, the life you always dreamed of...  ...I just love you so much...So much...
Move the bodies?
Move the bodies.
So what do we do?
The only proof is those bodies.
I don't know. He could have told someone. He could have, like in the event of his death, somehow let someone know where those bodies are buried.
Like how?
Like if something happened to him, he could still get us.
What does that mean?
He kept saying he was protected.
What money?
I told Boyd two fucking minutes!
No buts. I've waited twenty-seven years, twenty-seven years I have focused and prepared to walk down that aisle. I will not be derailed! I will not be embarrassed! I will not be denied! I am walking down that aisle tomorrow come hell or high fucking water!
But...
No buts. I told you your friends were Jackasses.
But...
Stop! You stop right here. I don't want to know anymore. I told you not to do this Bachelor Party thing. You were warned.
She's not alone...She's...Boyd...Oh God...He's gone nuts...He killed Lois and Micheal...it's all...
You left a dead prostitute out in the desert? Alone?
She's in the desert. She's out in the desert.
My God. You've got to call the police, tell them it was an accident. Where is she?
It's too late.
Call the police.
Micheal, by accident.
You killed a prostitute.
No Micheal did. It was an accident.
You fucked a prostitute?
The prostitute.
Who's dead?
Oh Liz. We. God. We, in Vegas. Micheal crushed her skull. She was dead. There was nothing else to do. It was an accident.
What are you talking about?
Oh God. We. Liz. We. We. Killed a woman. We...
What kind of stupid question is that?
Do you love me?
What?
Do you love me?
Don't even.
Liz we've got to cancel, we have to put it off.
Cry for Boom Boom. It's okay.
No it's not okay. It's not.
It's okay...It's okay baby. Cry for Mama. Cry for Mama.
Yes.
No.
That means we get five hundred thousand to help raise the kids.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah. You.
Don't we already have someone to do that for us?
I need you to pick up the cake tomorrow.
No one's discussing it. I'm just gonna run Micheal home. I'll be right back.
I won't even discuss it.
I know.
We're not canceling.
Lois is a mess and Micheal's really upset. Everyone's upset.
Talk what out? We are locked and loaded here. We are non-refundable. I've got relatives on the airport right now! I've got...
Can we just talk this out?
No way.
Nobody's saying cancel. I'm talking about modifying.
Cancel?! Cancel?! Are you out of your fucking mind?!
No baby. We'll all be right in.
Are they fighting?
Everything's OK. Just some more preparations.
Yeah. Look honey, I'll be right in. I just...we're just taking care of some Groomsmen last minute business.
Now?
Yeah. Sure.
Well, can you come back inside?
Yeah baby. Everything's great.
After the wedding, which we're paying for ourselves, and this house...
This is our honeymoon.
"At first I thought it was infatuation ...But oh it's lasted so long..."
"Darli...ing you, ewe ewe ewe, send me, Darli...ing you, ewe ewe ewe, mend me.
Then you'd better work on it in the car. We gotta go see the Judge.
I'm working on it.
What's the word on the chairs?
No. No. I'll see you in about four hours.
You sound funny. Did you do cocaine?
I left a message. I think it's going to be okay.
The chairs.
What!
What okay?
Okay.
What about the chairs?
No. Just like an hour or so.
How late?
We're on our way home. I just...we're running a little late.
Where are you?
Hey. It's me.
Hello.
I'll see you tomorrow...
Go have fun. Not too much.
I'm mad at you.
Yeah. Nesting.
Nesting?
Just a bit of organizing.
What are you doing?
Well you should.
Well I do.
That's sweet.
I'm working on it, I've made three calls.  I can't stop thinking about how much I love you.
Well, the night is young. Did you straighten out the chair situation?
Not yet.
Hi.  Are you calling from jail?
Hi.
Hello.
Have a nice bachelor party.
I love you.
Just call and let me know that your okay.
Of course.
Do you love me?
I will.
Will you please call the chair people?
Maybe.
We're leaving from Adam's. Come send me off.
Take care of those chairs.
More than I ever imagined being able to love anyone ever.
Do you love me?
I'll call them from the road.
I need your help.
We're leaving in three hours.
I need your help.
Honey I don't have the time...
Go down to the seat place and straighten this out.
Go down where?
You go down there.
So what do we do?
Not padded ones.
What kind of seats can we have?
We're supposed to have gold-trimmed padded seats, now they're telling me that there was a mistake and we can't have padded.
I'm not. What's the problem?
Keith do not trivialize this.
Okay.
Seating problems.
Problems?
We've got problems here.
Kiss me...?
With all my heart.
How much?
Of course.
Do you love me?
You will not be common!!!
I am not common Keith. I am not common. I am a creature like no other and I will not be commoned! Is that to much to ask?  Is that to much to ask!?!
I'm not going to marry you with the smell of prostitutes on my body.
I've seen it on television.
That's absurd.
It's vile!
Time out.
You're going to be hungover for three days. Like those guys on "Oprah" that get drunk and have disgusting sex with prostitutes and then say their vows with the stench of cheap hotel whore sex all over them.
You expect more what?
He's weird. And I expect more from you.
He's a great chef.
Why? What's his problem?
He just doesn't talk a lot.
He's weird.
He's quiet.
He's weird.
I've known him since Cub Scouts.
I just don't see him in the big picture.
What does Moore have to do with your growing?
It's not that I don't like him. But the wedding has really got me thinking and... I just keep myself opening up. Crowning. And I want you keeping up with me here.
You don't like Moore? Since when?
Charles Moore for instants.
Who else?
I just think that at some point you're going to have to re-evaluate some of your friendships...
I asked you to marry me. I'm ready for marriage. That's responsibility. That's growth.
I'm talking about the kind of people you hang out with...about growing up, assuming responsibility of yourself.
What are you talking about?
Why do you feel the need to explore this side of your personality?
David Boyd is a big sack of hot gas.
He's my friend. He's not a moron.
He's a moron.
He is.
I suppose Boyd is the creative force behind all this.
It's a bachelor party. You sort of have to do it before the wedding.
Right before the wedding?
How do you figure?
Well it's bad timing.
They organized this, not me. I have nothing to do with it.
It amazes me how organized you and your little fun bunch can be when it comes time to mobilize to Vegas.
I wouldn't know.
I'm just saying I bet those checks all found the mailboxes.
Are we going to do this again?
I bet you didn't forget the bachelor party checks.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I forgot the tent. I don't think I forgot anything else.
You know how important this is to my mother. You know that.
Stop it. I'm sorry.
Don't you put this on me. Don't do it, don't do it, don't do it, don't...
What?
Don't you dare.
Because you wanted to. You wanted this to be your wedding not your parent's.
I'm working my ass off here. I've taken care of absolutely everything Keith.
How could I know what else I forgot?
What else have you forgot?
I'm not playing around. I forgot.
You can't play around with these tent people.
I didn't mean to Liz. I'm sorry.
Why did you forget the tent check?
Why what?
Why?
I think so.
You forgot the tent?
I think I forgot the tent.
Hotel for my parents, the tent, the band, the Judge...
Yes.
Caterer?
Yup.
Florist?
Sent it.
Photographer?
Sent it.
The wedding cake check?
I sent a lot of checks, I'm not sure what all of them are.
What do you mean, you think so?
I think so.
Did you send in all of the deposit checks?
I'm not sure.
Why is this Kid staring at me?
I don't think so.
Can't we do it on the phone?
We missed the deadline.
Why can't we do it through the mail?
Government cutbacks.
This is ridiculous.
OK, OK. You guys just go back in. Dad, keep going with the toast, we'll be right in. Go on.
Well, I'm in the middle of my Goddamn toast here.
Yeah, Dad. It's great.
Everything okay?
I love you so much it hurts. Me and your mother marvel at what you have become. You're going to have a wonderful journey with this girl. I feel it deep inside. A wonderful, magical journey.  And I'm, like I said, just so proud of how you turned out.  You go out and knock 'em dead Keith. Knock'em dead!
I love you dad.
Just kills me...
Harry Chaplin. "Cats in the Cradle."
I'm just so scared of that song. That fucking, "My son just arrived the other day...he says thanks for the ball, come on let's play. I got lots of bills come again next day. He's grown up just like me...My boy is just like me." Gordon fucking Lightfoot, Cat Stevens, whoever, that song just fucking kills me.
You never walked away dad. You could have walked away.
I could have done it better. I'm a fucking ball-buster I am.
You did all right dad.
I wanted to just take this final opportunity to visit with you. You know, just to be with you, father and son, before you run off and do your own husband, daddy thing.  I'm just so Goddamn proud of you...God knows I didn't always play it right with you...
Well if you do think about names... Micheal's a pretty good one...It's done me all right.
What is it?
If I was to think...If I were to think... No I mean I have thinked it over...I have. And without putting a lot of pressure on you I just...Well I just...
No. No. No. This is my doing. You see I'm gonna have my wahoo spark for my own. For Lois and the kids, for my brother, for Franco. I'm gonna turn myself in. I am all that. I'm gonna do it for sweet Lois.
I appreciate it. I do, but...Maybe you ought to just ease up om yourself a bit.
I've been looking for that flash and I look and I look and I can't find it. And what if I already had it? You know. My moment? What if it's gone? And I never saw it?  You're getting married, man. That's a fucking beautiful thing. Just a beautiful thing. I just can't stop breaking beautiful things.
I think so.
That's my point! You see Man...burning at his absolute. To see all the forces just come together, just right, you know, just in perfect harmony. That's what I'm driving at. You get me?
The wahoo moment?
The sparkler would burn hot, then hotter, then even hotter...and there would be one moment of pure burn when that little fucker would cook just perfect. Perfect. It would only last a second, but that second was it. It was it. That's what dad had us looking for...You get me?
The wahoo?
Dad used to bring home these sparklers to me and Adam. Out back we'd light 'em up. The three of us. We'd hold 'em up to the sky and watch the explosions of light. Sparks. And dad would be all... "Get ready"..."watch for it"..."here it comes," here comes the "wahoo".
Have another drink.
Yeah, well, it's a nasty problem.
I don't hear it.
Yeah. I got some kind of buzzing. Like a zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz thing just chipping away in the back of my skull.
Buzzing?
Do you hear buzzing Fish?
At the newsstand on 3rd.
Where did you get that?
Just go ahead and say what's on your mind.
Dear God...I don't know how to pray.
I'm sorry...I'm sorry...I'm sorry...
I'm getting married...
Come on.
Go for it.
I'll take a ride.
So?
He's your brother.
I don't care for him.
Lately I'll just start getting lightheaded, dizzy, and I realize I haven't breathed in like two minutes.
You're not breathing right?
I'm not breathing right.
Same alarm clock every morning, same two pops on the same snooze button...  Micheal Brenn. Yes...Yes...  Hold your horses. Okay. Got it. 6.321 at 17.28 for 6.6 at 9.256 out at 3432.343.  Same shower, towel, toothbrush, razor, hair gel. It's a fucking epidemic Fisher and you better start addressing it. You're getting married and I'm not going to candy-coat it. It just gets worse. It's an eighteen wheel cement mixer that will crush every bone in your body.
I just want her to be happy.
Mike Brenn. Yes. Yes. 14.3 at 7.5 for 6. At 29.83 at 9.  I'm amazed the windows don't blow out of their fucking sockets with all the repressed, ass-puckering rage in these soul-less lizards.
About what?
It means she's insecure.
What does that mean?
Just insecurity. Nut crunching gut splinters.
I don't know. She's really been stressing out.
That's just insecurity.
Yup.
Well that ought to be about the end of that.
That's what I'm thinking.
I think you'd make an excellent Big Brother.
I want a black one. A little black brother. That's a big problem it seems to me. Lack of racial integration. That's a big one. You think?
That's a good one.
I think there's a lot of truth in that. I'm gonna pursue some options. I want to join that Big Brother thing.
Yeah?
Where?
There.
That's right, "Pup Corn." Doggie treats. Little snacks for dogs. He's figured it out. There is a hole in the market and he's going to fill it. Spends all our money, works himself into not two but three heart attacks getting this shit up. After fifteen months, the big day arrives, the first box of "Pup Corn" pops off the belt. He comes running home with that box, pulls us out of school. We all pile into the living room, must be fifty of us, and in comes "Shelmer," our 8 year old mutt. "Here Shelmer," my dad cries. He's got that little fucking pup corn in his hand, "Here girl." This dog will eat anything, she eats rocks, anything. She walk's up to my dad's hand, looks down at the little pellet, licks it once, turns around, walks out of the room. Shelmer rejected the "Pup Corn." Fifteen months of my dad's life, right there. Not one dog ate Pup Corn. Not one. Three months later, "Pup Corn" shuts down. Chapter Eleven. My father never got over it. Never.
Pup corn?
I'm saying it's luck. All luck. You work your entire life, all the training, focus, all the dedication, all irrelevant. Where does the ball bounce? My father spent his whole life trying to start a company, practiced every day, worked like a dog, finally got enough money. He's paid the dues, he's ready, does all the market research, picks his shot - "Pup Corn."
I guess.
Yeah. I'm thinking about Micheal's Franco Harris fixation. You know how Micheal was always harping "Immaculate Reception?" I've seen that play. A lot of times...and I have to say this... Franco was lucky. Flat out, right place, right time. That's it. He was where the ball bounced. You get me?
You alright?
All week long.
Did he try to kiss you?
He said he was the Brain Trust. Said he was smarter than all of us. He started reading "Atlas Shrugged," staring at himself in the mirror.
My God...
He came to me early today, was talking about money, insurance money. Said he was gonna get what was his.
Downstairs in the closet.
Where's Boyd?
Maybe go up to the North Pole, the Arctic. Tag polar bears with dart guns. I've always had a pretty good aim...
Greenpeace?
Greenpeace.
A move?
I'm thinking about maybe making a move.
Well I don't have that skill and if I had to guess I would say that in no way did she believe me.
You can tell when people believe you. It's obvious.
I have no idea.
Did she believe you?
I told her that I have no idea what Adam was talking about in that letter.
What?
The first day.
I got to agree with that.
Boyd...I don't know man...It just seems to me that ever since you took Tony Robbins self-help thing...you're all fucked-up in the head.
How do you know she's dead.
No...No.
Yup.
That ought to be about the end of that.
I do.
Liz do you take Fisher to be your beloved husband, to respect, honor and cherish him till death do you part?
You know,  Darling you...you send me...Darling you ...You mend me.  Honey, sing it for Judge Tower.
Oh I know that. How does it go...
"You Send Me."
What song?
We're just going to have the leader of the band sing alone with his guitar. Acoustic.
Okay great. What will that be?
We don't think so. I mean, we just want the singing when I come out.
I kind of like "till death do us part." I mean, this is forever. In sickness and in health, through good times and bad. Honey, what do you think?
We don't say "love, honor and obey" anymore. And we don't say "till death do us part." Today we say, "respect, honor and cherish, as long as you both do love." How does that sound?
Okay boys, smile!
A mutant species.
The post-Vegas Man.
The stone age.
...regression of Modern Man to his most primitive, ape-like state...
...embarrassing, shameful...
...We will compare these before photos with whatever form of degeneration presented to us in 24 hours, no matter how low, how vile...
Well, I just need your signature on these contracts and a deposit check so I can get the ball rolling.
That's our plan.
Smart. Smart. Smart. Think big picture, take your time. I wish I had.
So where to on the honeymoon?
We will.
Take your time. I wish I had.
We're in no hurry. I think we'll take some time to enjoy each other, enjoy our freedom before we surrender ourselves to kids.
Are you guys gonna fill this place with kids? You sure got room for them.
I love it. I just love, love, love, love it.
I said out of respect. Respect for you Fisher. For you and your wedding and your beautiful bride. There will be no more rain. You see where I am here?
I don't think that's a good idea.
You see for me it's over. Over baby. I'm gonna turn myself in. After the wedding of course. After the wedding. Out of respect.
I KILLED MY BROTHER!
Shut up Micheal.
That's right.
Right.
Fish, I'm really sorry. I just...I owe you man.  Desert.
Fucking desert.
It was an accident!
She's dead.
Drum banging real times.
Good times.
It's a present from my parents.
Where's the camera?
Let me go, Don Amalio, I'll tear her apart.
Stop this, stop this.
Yes, yes.
Didn't you say you know how to make vanilla pudding?
You'd like me to kill them?
Keep quiet. These miserable brats only get in the way.
Then I'll get you in the fields tomorrow ...
No, I don't want to because they yell. And I've got news for you too.
Give them to Refugio.
No, the children sleep with me.
I'll come to you tonight.
Really, Don AMALIO, there's not much point in making a fuss.
Take me there.
That one.
Which couch?
They're playing games behind the couch ...
What about them?
Enedina and Paco ...
What's that?
Don Amalio!
Tell me the answer to this! What bird lays eggs in a barn?
They've got a real hen house here! You can't hear yourself speak.
Smoking makes me feel ill? It's these filthy fag ends. I won't mention in this company what's upsetting you.
No, miss. Smoking makes him spit and feel ill.
So you didn't come from the poorhouse!
When I wasn't so miserable I used to sell pigs. Begging your pardon, I was more honest than my holy Mother.
Then it's a respectable house.
Lots. It's got balconies and two big towers.
Are there many windows?
Two.
So much the better. We'll all fit. How many floors are there?
Then you won't forgive me?
You disgust me... even if what you say is true.
All that I said just now was a lie. I said it so you wouldn't leave. I only molested you in my thoughts ... I can't bear to have you leave me, hating me like this.  Tell me you believe what I'm saying and I'll let you go.
I've listened to you long enough. Let me out.
You must listen to me before you go.
Let me pass!
Go away! Leave me alone.
Think about it. Don't hurry. Think it over.
No, it's true.  Last night when you were sleeping, I had you all to myself.
You're lying.
Don't go!
Leave us alone, Ramona.
You must be out of your mind. I've been so happy these last few days -- now you've spoiled it all.
Yes, I don't want you ever to leave this house.
Maybe ...
It's my fault. If I'd come to see you more often, if I'd invited you here for holidays, maybe everything would be different.
Unfortunately ...
It's up to you entirely. Don't leave, then ...
Uncle, you mustn't think that I won't be sad to leave you.
No, it isn't that, I can assure you. I wouldn't be afraid in the face of real danger. I've proved that to myself. On the other hand, if a stranger visited me simply to say hello, I'd be alarmed.
Wasn't that cowardice?
If you only knew ... When I was young I was full of idealism. I wanted to do something on a big scale for others, something to show my great love for humanity. But as soon as I tried to do something about it, I became afraid that I would be laughed at and I felt like a fool ... and so I went back into my shell.
No, Uncle, and now I'm pleased to have been able to do this favor, because, although I didn't think so at first, you are really a good man.
You must think I'm mad.
I don't like masquerading, but as you see I decided to give in to your whim.
How strange you are! When I asked you to do this favor for me you refused. You seemed almost offended. And now, here you are, making me so very happy all of a sudden. Thank you, my child!
Today I can refuse you nothing.
I should like you to do something for me. It's an innocent sort of thing but I'm very set on it.
Whatever you like.
This evening we must do something special by way of a farewell.
Thank you, Uncle.
If you like, I will come with you tomorrow to the village when you leave.
Then it's penance for you who are going to be a nun; and for me, who am old, it's death ...
No, Uncle; ashes mean penance and death.
No, but what a pity life is like that.
You must think I am a monster.
Don't worry. He won't be forgotten.
And this innocent child.
His mother wanted to keep him. She came from a poor family. I was in love with your aunt. I would like to have acknowledged him but I was afraid of losing her. That's why I didn't say anything.
And what do you know about life? When all is said and done you couldn't possibly understand.
Evil.
Sometimes these things happen because of inexperience. Sometimes it's because of...
How could anybody behave like that?
Never.
Don't you ever see him?
Yes, it is.
Oh, some years ago I heard my mother talking about it. But is it true?
How did you know about that?
Nothing. I didn't say anything.
What do you mean?
Only because you want it.
You are spoiling me too much. I won't know what to do with myself when you've gone.
I'm going to make you a nun's cake. It will make your mouth water.
You see, even the voice.
I know, Uncle, you've told me that already.
How like your aunt you are, even in your walk.
Come down.
My maid Ramona's daughter. She's a little animal.
Who is she?
Come down here, you scamp.
In twenty years the grass has invaded everything. There are spiders all over the house except on the first floor. I hardly ever go out.
You've been neglecting the farm, Uncle.
No.
You have no feelings toward ...
To tell you the truth, not very much. I cannot lie. I respect you and I am grateful to you because I owe you everything materially, but otherwise ...
Did you have so little interest in seeing me?
No. Mother Superior told me to come.
Was that difficult to get?
A very short while, Uncle. I've been given permission to stay only a few days.
How long are you staying?
You'll think you're still at the convent.
Excellent. What a charming, peaceful place, Uncle.
I'm well ... The bus was late, wasn't it? ... What was the journey like?
Yes, Uncle. How are you?
It's only that ... It's all very odd, sir.
Don't lie. You don't believe me either.
Yes, sir.
You believe me, don't you?
Tell her I lied, that I didn't take advantage of her.
But what can I say to her, sir?
What for? She'll only look at me that way again ... I couldn't. You go. Perhaps she'll listen to you. Try to convince her.
Speak to her again. Explain everything to her seriously.
The way she looked at me, Ramona! She hates me now. I think I've made a great mistake. She's going away, she's going away and nothing will stop her.
But sir, what can I say to her? And why should she pay any attention to what a servant tells her?
Why don't you speak to her, Ramona? Women are good at that sort of thing. Think of something that will make her stay a few more days.  You are kind, Ramona! Speak to her. I know I don't need to offer you anything, but, if you're successful in this, I'll not forget you or your little girl.
Just say the word, sir, and I'll do anything.
Yes, yes, but there's no need to bring that up. How far are you prepared to help me?
I'd be really ungrateful, if I didn't like you, sir; you took me and my little girl in when I didn't know where to turn.
Sit down, woman, sit down.  You like me, don't you?
What's the matter?
Sit down, I'm going to need your help.
I have asked her but she's ungrateful. Sometimes I feel like hitting her. When I talk to her about the convent, she turns to stone.
Why don't you ask her to stay on for a few days?
Yes, sir. Good night.
Leave me now. You can go to bed.
I didn't want to do it, Don Jorge. They made me ...
They told us you'd be back tomorrow ...
Enedina's going to take a picture. So we'll have a souvenir.
Yes.
Is it all right?
If everybody agrees, but to make a roast takes four hours.
She won't even know.
What will the lady say?
Tonight, but I'll be back tomorrow afternoon.
No, sir, it's nearly six o'clock.  Okay, let's get a move on!  When are you leaving?
Hold on, Ramon! Is there time to make another trip?
That's good land.
And in the vegetable plot?
It's for wheat. We've always grown maize in the strip above the vegetables.
The fields have been left so long; with a good manuring anything will grow.
Have you thought of what you want planted yet?
Good.
That's it.
That's fifteen by seven?
Fifteen yards.
How much is that?
Quiet, my dove. Quiet, or I'll ...
Ramona! Ramona!
But why? Why?
He was asking for it.
My God, what have you done to him!
That doesn't matter; I like it.
Thank you; but it's missing something.
It's very good.
Do you have great devotion for the Virgin?
It won't take but a minute. It's a votive offering for a lady who was cured just when she was dying of fever. Our Lady of the Helpless granted her a favor.
Come on, miss. Just so the Virgin can be really pretty.
Me?
That's life. Some people are brought together, others are separated. What can we do, if that's the way it happens?
You see how much you like her?
Don't be a fool! Why rush away from something which couldn't happen?
I think I'd better go tomorrow.
How in hell does it wind up?
It doesn't make any difference what she is: you like her.
She isn't my cousin.
That your cousin is more to your taste.
What are you thinking about?
You should have enough to do in this house ... Come here and listen to this.
I'm bored. I'm alone all day and I don't know what to do.
Shouldn't I be? You, on the other hand ...
You're happy, aren't you!
What I do every day, but I want to do it earlier.
What are you going to do?
If you wake first, wake me up.
Run and get something to mop it up with, quickly.
So, Ramona!
Let her do what she wants. She doesn't bother us in any way. She minds her business and we ...
No, not mad at all: she's rotten with religion.
She's mad.
It's Viridiana. She's getting on my nerves.
Why the bad temper?
Nothing.
What's the matter with you?
Why do you say that? Perhaps the young girl is a bit jealous.
Not in that way; you're always looking for company.
That will teach you not to bother me any more, you son of a bitch.
Kill him.
Kill him and I'll tell you. If I don't keep my word, you can kill me too. There are thousands of pesetas. Kill him, idiot!
Where's the dough?
I don't want you to untie me. Kill him and then I'll give you the money.
There's plenty of money in this house. Piles of it.
Me, rich? Come on!
If you free me, you'll be a rich man ...
Maybe afterwards he'll let me ...
That's stupid! Plaster! It can still be used.
I don't know -- they've always been there.
These chairs are in good condition. With a little varnish and some new covers this one will be quite presentable.
You wouldn't be here otherwise.
Why?
I don't know; I can't remember. But I'm sure he loved you.
There are some curtains and drapes, but they're all very old.
And this chest?
One shouldn't be alone the whole time.  I'm not like him, am I?
I don't know, sir.
Why did he kill himself?
He was very good. Better than some people would think.
Why?
No.
Is she coming back?
She's left.
And ...your friend?
You can come and live again in the big house if you want. Now that I'm alone, I can settle down anywhere.
Yes. Why?
Do you intend to stay here for some time?
I'll be ready.
Don't forget the meeting with the lawyer. The car will pick you up tomorrow morning.
Don't worry. Nobody's going to disturb you.
Are they going to work here too?
I'm not sure yet. I've had a shock recently, and I'm only beginning to get over it. Perhaps I'll go back to the convent one day.
Is that all you're going to devote your life to?
I know perfectly well how little I can do. What I want to do is give passing beggars a roof, some food, and a bit of human warmth.
There's no point in helping some of them when there are so many others.
They worry me a great deal, and especially because of you.
Do they worry you that much, then?
You won't get much done with those people. Those times are over! You ought to let me kick them out.
Leave him alone.
What are you doing here? Get out.
I'm not like you, you have your wife.
I don't understand how you can like being alone so much.
And do you know that my mother and I had to suffer? If my father had bothered himself a little more about us, I'd be an architect now.
I know that you used to work with an architect.
What do you know about me?
I'm not interested. Do what you think's best.
But you have a right to let us know what you think.
I don't know anything about these things, Jorge ...
If I wait until tomorrow, it'll be the same as yesterday and the day before and all the other days. When you're not with your poor people, you're praying or you disappear, I never see you.
Well... is it so urgent?
It's about time we spoke to each other, isn't it?
Jorge. You frightened me. What's happening to you?
I've been expecting you; I got a letter from the lawyer.
Jorge, Don Jaime's son, at your service.
Are you Jorge?
Miss Viridiana ...
Canelo!
What's he called?
And remember, the less he eats, the better he runs.
I wasn't thinking of selling him, but if you want ... I'll leave it to you.
How much do you want for him?
He's good at rabbiting and he knows it. When we're in the country, if he doesn't hunt he doesn't get fed.
And let him get run over by somebody else?
Then let him go and he'll follow you.
It's for people!
He's lying through his ass!
Stop this!
You'll soon find out, you liar!
Right, I won't say that, but I still think they're no use.
Don't say that.
Parents? Nobody cares a damn, what's the use of them!
Are your parents alive?
Hold your arm out. You can't hope to be cured quickly. You heard what the doctor said. If it had been seen to in time ...This'll take time. But with the help of God, we'll pull through.
Things seem to be getting better.
How are you today?
I'll take him to the doctor tomorrow. Come on now, sit down and go on eating. And you, look after him as if he were a sick brother. Be understanding. Now finish eating and then go to bed. Everyone in bed by eight o'clock!
They're varicose veins. It isn't leprosy.
They told me it isn't at the hospital.
Are you sure it isn't contagious?
They're varicose veins, miss, but some days I can't take care of them.
Come with me.
Where?
There's been an accident.
Why not?
You cannot leave ...
Is anything the matter, Mr. Mayor?
How do you do, Miss Viridiana!
Don Jaime loved to watch me skip.
I'll box your ears if you don't show some respect for the dead! You mustn't play under this tree.
You little liar! Get out of here!
He came in through the cupboard.
He couldn't get through the door, then?
Yes -- very, very big!
Very, very?
It's a very big one.
A black bull!
A black bull came.
Don't invent stories; go to bed.
I'm afraid.
Why are you crying?
I can't do anything to make you stay? These people annoy you, isn't that it?
Yes!
You have decided to leave, Moncho.
But, miss ...
In you go! Moncho, lead the way!  You stay here.
This louse is looking for trouble.
What's going on, Moncho?
They shut all right now. And the blankets are ready.
Have you repaired the windows of the dormitories?
You are forgiven. Goodbye.
Forgive me if I have offended you.
Are you aware of the pride there is in what you're saying?
I have nothing to reproach myself for. All I know is that I've changed. With all my strength, which is not much, I will follow the road that the Lord has shown me. One can also serve outside a convent.
Is there some grave impediment which prevents you from taking your vows? There must be something.
A suicide is horrible. I know. But you should have told me.
I had so many things to think about!
Ever since yesterday, when we heard by chance about the tragedy, we have been very anxious for you. Why didn't you write? I would have come immediately.
Mother.
Good morning. You weren't expecting me, were you?
The retreat will start soon. You can leave tomorrow morning.
I have no desire to see the world again, but if you order me to...
He has paid for your studies and your maintenance, and he has just sent your dowry. Does that mean so little to you, Viridiana?
But why does he want to see me? He has never bothered about me.
I'm afraid that his health is not good. He's your only relative and you ought to say farewell to him before taking your vows. You will certainly never see him again.
I don't want to leave the convent, Mother.
In any case he's asking you to come and stay with him.
I hardly know him. I saw him only once, some years ago. I can't even remember him.
All right, Mother.
I've just had a letter from your uncle. He won't be able to come when you take your vows.
Mother?
If you want to stay you'll have to exercise a little self-control, and be a bit more humble to everybody.
I've had a gutful of this.
Would you mind telling me what I did wrong to you to deserve your insults?
I'll talk the way I want to. I've had enough of this.
Don't talk like that!
Good, then let's go!
When you are, miss.
Give the little girl to me. Come here, sweetheart. Are you ready?
That's enough.  Go join the others, and don't come back here.  And you'll have to control your temper.
Ask the priest, miss.
Don't pay any attention to him. It's very good.
She looks like a sick marrow!
That's all right; we all laugh here, but not at you; I'll see to that.
I'm only good at making people laugh.
What about you, Manuel?
Right, let's go.  And keep the compliments to yourself. I don't like them.
She has the face of an angel. What a pity you can't see her.
Oh, you slept well; don't worry.
Have I slept long?
You fainted last night after supper. The master and I carried you here.
What happened to me?
That will soon pass. It's nothing.
I have a headache.
How do you feel?
Ah! Pleased to meet you.
Welcome, miss. I'm Ramona, Don Jaime's servant.
No, I don't want to.
I'm going to the hen house. Are you coming with me?
It's very wicked to spy. Why did you do it?
From the terrace.
How did you see me?
Yes, yes, I saw you!
What?
Could I trouble you for my glass of milk?
Today, a good girl.
Good morning, Rita. How are we today?
Hello.
Hello.
Jesus Christ.  I know who the dominant personality is.  Lindenmeyer.
I've discovered something about Lindenmeyer'5 Maestro teaching tool I thought you should know...  The harm done to the music students who used the device  it was not by accident. The machine was designed explicitly for that purpose. Lindenmeyer intended to hurt the kids using it.
I'm sorry, I thought you were somebody else.
Me? What did I do?
You son-ofabitch, I'm going to kill you.
Look, I feel bad about this, so I'm going to try to look into the programming of his Maestro teaching tool for you.  ) I've had one sitting around for years. Maybe I can learn something that you'll find useful.
It's not your fault. We appreciate you trying.
It was very wellhidden. There was no way to see it until it was too late.
I accidently triggered a protection mechanism which erased the entire program.
In English, please.
) There is one program with approximately 1.3 million lines of programming. It is thoroughly secured, which is not surprising considering Lindenmeyer created it.
Can you tell us what's on the disc?
) Daryl Lindenmeyer was only here briefly, one semester at most. But he was singularly the most brilliant student I ever had in a classroom. He created programs so beautiful, so lyrical, they were almost like symphonies...
You already have staked your reputation.  Mayor Bennett and I have been friends a long time. Since Grimes tried to kill him, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to come to the conclusion that Sid 6.7 might go after him, too.  Bennett's Re-Election Rally is tomorrow night and we already have enough trouble on our hands with one psychotic on the loose.  The fail-safe online, yet?
Do I need to remind you what happened to his wife? To his daughter?  I will stake my reputation that Barnes didn't kill those guards.
He would slaughter eight people sitting in a room, but not two prison guards?
Barnes wouldn't kill two innocent guards.
I wish we could hear them.
I don't know.
Why would they be going there?
Madison lives two blocks from their present location.
What are they doing in Los Feliz?
But only you will know he's not human.
There's already a task force out looking for Lindenmeyer. Every other officer in the city will be hunting Sid right along with you.
Yes or no, Mr. Barnes?
If you try to run, I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
This is the newest technology approved for general implementation. It's called a locater implant. Every parolee gets one.  We're going to know where you are every second for the rest of your life.
Catch him and your record's clean.
Recognize this? How would you like your old job back?
Whatever.
You mean a nanotech synthetic organism.
We don't know how, but Sid 6.7 made himself into an android.
Why wasn't I told?
My first two pairs of convicts suffered the same fate.
If you're lying, I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
On my life, I promise you I will.
When this is over, will you get this goddam thing out of my head?
Then I guess we're even.
She saved your life, Parker. She didn't have to, but she did.
You sonofabitch. How could you let them put the implant in my head? How?
Don't worry, they have no idea where you are.
Where's my gun?
Sid 6.7 is now armed.
Their weapons missing?
Officers in Toluca Lake just found an affluent couple...completely gutted.  So were the first two cops to arrive on scene.
Fine  you want to stay here?
She wasn't part of the deal, Cox.
This is the personnel file on the programmer, Lindenmeyer. There might be something in it you can use.
What she's going to do is get in my way.
She's going to help you understand what makes Sid 6.7 tick.
If you can catch him.
Jesus Christ.  Can you kill it?
Name was Clyde Reilly. Hardware specialist.  LETAC surveillance cameras got a picture of the perp as he left the building.
I've seen worse.
These were taken inside LETAC an hour ago. Pretty pictures, aren't they?
It's too early in the morning for me to be cordial. You got any coffee?
Parker Barnes, I'd like you to meet Crime Czar Elizabeth Deane.
You're wasting your time. I'm not going to play any more of your goddam games.
Do me a favor  keep sending them.
What about them?
You know those cheesy Christmas cards of your family under that tree in your back yard you keep sending me every year?
Don't give up, Parker. Not ever.
But with the six months off I get for being your guinea pig, I've only got to survive another 17 years, 5 months, and 23 days.
I'm getting by.
Before you, nobody else had gotten close enough to Sid 6.7 to take a shot at him. Hell, nobody else had even been able to start tracking him before he got to them first.  New scar  you making it okay in there?
Real, my ass. It's an overblown game.  Anybody ever catch that fucking psycho?
You were supposed to act as if everything was real.
He was a computer program for crissake.
What the hell did you have to shoot the busboy for?
Donley started experiencing the attack for real. If I hadn't gotten you out, the same thing would have happened to you.  You may not believe this, Parker,
Why'd.. .you pull me out?
You all right?
Got it.
Give me 30 seconds, then flip every switch you can reach.
I don't set policy.  You have the key?
Why didn't anybody tell me?!
I need your help--
I think we both know who did.  What's so urgent?
There is no way Parker killed those guards. No way.
Captain, I'm afraid of how smart Sid 6.7 is.  But I'm even more afraid of what's he's becoming.
You think he's smart?
I'm not sure. My guess is that's what Sid wants us to think.
Don't blame yourself. In your shoes, I don't think I would have told Parker, either.  So do you think Grimes has become the dominant personality?
I should have told him.
In other words, we collectively don't know shit.
Until we know what new influences are affecting him, we can't be sure.
None. He could be hiding, he could be helping Sid, or could be in little pieces on Santa Monica beach.  Any idea what Sid's going to do next?
Any sign of Lindenmeyer?
... illegal search of Lindenmeyer' s duplex. Eleven civilian vehicles damaged or destroyed. Twentyfour citizen complaints. And the calls are just starting to come in...  I forgot what it's like to have you on the streets.
I understand the risks involved here. But there is nobody better qualified to go after Sid 6.7 than Barnes. And, there is nobody who knows him better than you. If a situation becomes volatile, you will find a way to quell it. I have complete confidence in you.
The man played judge, jury, and executioner with eight people's lives. He lost control and is capable of doing it again.
Not if you're with him every step of the way.
Letting a lunatic like Parker Barnes loose in the free world is like lighting a fuse. At some point, he will go off -- you saw what happened in the simulator. The risk to the public is unacceptably dangerous.
That's also where Mr. Barnes lost his arms to Mathew Grimes' booby trap. What's your point, Dr. Carter?
You're going to put your theories to practice. I'm sending you into the field.
What's the assignment?
We have an emergency situation which requires somebody with expertise in criminal psychology. Under the authority vested in me by the President, I'm giving you temporary reassignment.
Ms. Deane, you wanted to see me?
Don't forget, convict, if this psycho isn't stopped, you go right back to rotting in a prison cell.
Or what, you'll authorize my death a second time today?
This better not be a wild goose chase.
You're the highest law enforcement official in the country. Use the fucking army if you need to.
You know how much man power you're talking about?
Sid is smart enough to know you'd check everywhere in the immediate area. Whatever the device is, he's probably got it timed to move into position just before it detonates.  Have the demo teams check every subway tunnel, water pipe, gas pipe, and sewer pipe that goes under, over, or into the arena.
Demolition teams have searched everywhere in and around the hotel. I don't know where...
If I were you, I'd get every demolition team in the city searching in and around the Biltmore Hotel.
Enough to level an entire city block.
No, but I've confirmed the reelection rally is the target.  How much C-4 is missing?
It's already been called off. Witnesses confirmed you weren't the shooter.  Did you find out where the bomb is?
Call off the manhunt looking for me. I didn't kill the transport guards.
What did you find out?
Trying to find out where the bomb is. Where the hell have you been?
Barnes, where the hell have you been?!
How do you know I won't run?
If Sid 6.7 hasn't killed you, we throw you back in here and you serve out the rest of your sentence.
What happens if I can't catch him?
This is a full pardon. It authorizes your immediate release.
Not from in here.
Think you can do it?
Nobody else ever got anywhere near him. Nobody else... understands him like you do.
Only because I got pulled out early.
I watched your simulation, Mr. Barnes. Very impressive. You know, you're the only one to ever go up against Sid 6.7 who is still alive.
Neither will the public.  The media has caught wind of his pardon. Unless Mr. Barnes starts giving me some tangible results, I'm going to put him back in his cage.
It makes me nervous just seeing him in a uniform.  I will never forget the first time I saw the photos from the crime scene.
I was assured the problem was corrected.
Simulations are supposed to give participants practice in realistic, dangerous scenarios while protecting them from the risks they are exposed to in the real world.
Lindenmeyer developed neural connectors that tap directly into the nervous system. If the simulator isn't calibrated properly, experiencing death in this level of VR is like experiencing death within a dream. The experience becomes real.
What the hell happened?
Don't remind me.
Barnes used to work for him when he was still a cop in the field, remember?
What did Cox pull him out early for?
As a matter of fact, I do.
He hears...everything.
How does he know who I am?
I understand... I understand perfectly.
You are to turn over the Sid 6.7 program, and all its documentation, for immediate destruction. Is that understood?
I'M WHAT?!
You've had a yearandahalf to make all the adjustments you want, Lindenmeyer.  ) Elizabeth Deane does not give second chances. Neither do I. You're fired.
I'm still making adjustments...
Of the six prison inmates you've tested  all of whom have had at least some military or survival training - only Mr. Barnes is still breathing.
The reason you insisted on testing my system with prisoners is because of the increased risks involved with increased realism.
You embarrassed me in front of the highestranking law enforcement official in the country.  Do you have any idea how much money you just cost me?
What I need is a nymphomaniac.
You need a maid.
I know.  I'm ready to incubate something a little more advanced than a coldblooded reptile. If you want to experience the future, meet me in my office in 15 minutes. And bring the Sheila 3.2 character module with you...
Amazing. I hate to say it, but it is.
... and you get nanodeath.  Don't worry, I've got a bunch of other ones.
Separate the character module from the neural net...
How do you kill it?
As far as the public is concerned, it is. The reason you got fired, and I got my second demo into production, is I'm a lot smarter than you. I never give my best stuff away.
This is supposed to be years away.
It's better than real. It's synthetic flesh. Synthetic blood. Synthetic organs...  It's a physiological machine.
It feels so.. .real.
Coordinated by polymer neural net.
It's nanotechnology, isn't it? Machines the size of molecules...
Watching your VR people Auto Reset gave me the idea.
You're...such a wimp.
Get that fucking thing away from me!
Bastard...  Sheila, don't go anywhere. I'll be right back.
Do I get to see it or not?
I haven't been working on anything.
Show's over unless I get to see what you've been working on after hours.
HEY!!!
Then fix it.
If I don't adjust the level of neural information each side of his brain is receiving, he won't be able to walk when I take him out of VR.
Talk so I can understand.
He's developing a hemisphere imbalance.
Turn it down!
I wonder how that...
Show me his physical sensory level.
How should I know?
What's wrong with Parker?
I told you this would work.. By setting back the clocks, he has absolutely no idea he's in virtual reality. He still thinks he's in the real world.
Don't worry. Through me, you will live forever...
I'm begging you...please don't kill me! Please!
You made me a composite of 183 of the most vicious people who ever lived.  What do you think I'm doing?
Glad to...
Help me get out of here.
How can I ever thankyou for bringing me back to life a second time, Daryl?
Of course you are.
I am beautiful, aren't I?
What do you expect me to do, thank him?
SID  NO!!!
I think I understand what you have in mind...
You catching my drift?
All my work is my finest.
She's some of your finest work, Daryl.
I had something a little different in mind.  Instead of just playing Peeping Tom with Reilly, why don't you get him to show you what he's been working on after hours?
What do you expect me to do, put your character module in my pocket and just walk you out of here?
Which God would that be, the one who created me, or the one who created you?  In your world, the Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away. But in my world, the one who gave me life doesn't have the balls to stop a couple of bureaucratic assholes from taking it away.
My God...
I couldn't just let them make you bring down my degree of difficulty. I'm a triple-twisting, double back flip off the high platform, not a swan dive.
You amped the neural connectors back up, didn't you?  You're the reason the convict died. You're the reason I got fired!
It was me, what?
It was you, wasn't it?
True genius is rarely rewarded within its lifetime.
All they want to produce around here is mediocrity!
Think hard -- it'll come to you...
Should I have?
Did you recognize the son-of-a bitch who got away?
Don't be angry with me, Daryl.
You won't want to watch. Turn around.
What do we do now?
Duck!
Then shoot him already.
I couldn't tell you.
How's your pulse?
Lindenmeyer never got over wanting to kill kids with more musical than he had...
Where the hell are you going?
I don't know.
Sid?
My guess is dead.
Lindenmeyer?
More or less.
...I think so...You?
You okay?
Because this painintheass criminal psychology expert has helped me understand what I'm capable of. And what I'm not.  And better than anyone else, I am capable of stopping Sid 6.7.
That's why I'm asking.
You don't know?
You've already fulfilled the terms of your pardon. You stopped Sid 6.7 and you've got his module. You're free to go  right now.  Why are you going to do this?
You mean there's something you haven't asked me?
Can I ask you something?
A bomb's going off tomorrow night, but I have no idea where.
Find out anything?
Thanks.
Nice work.
I'm not sure...on the bridge...the guy at the payphone...
See something?
That, or living through him...
Think he's keeping track of his creation?
If we find Sid, Lindenmeyer won't be far behind.
Part of him is.
Sid 6.7 isn't Grimes.
I told you before, Grimes liked to be obvious.
The rally's a little obvious as a target, don't you think?
I was wrong.  And I was wrong not to tell you Grimes was part of Sid. I should have told you. I won't make the same mistake again.
I pose an unacceptable danger to the public, remember?
You're not capable of it.
Sid 6.7 told me after he killed the two guards. He suggested I kill you rather than him.
How did you find out about the toxin?
You knew the entire time? Can you give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now?
He didn't know about the neural toxin.  I did.
They're going to fry me for it, anyway.
We know you didn't kill those guards.
No! Grimes isn't back. He's only one part of Sid. Sid 6.7 is a hell of a lot worse than Grimes ever was.  Get a hold of yourself!
Grimes is back! He's back! He's come back!!!
If you're gonna do it, better do it now.
Parker - stop! STOP! Don't make me shoot you
Both.
Which way?
Authority still makes me nervous.
You could have just flashed him your badge, you know?
Real effective security...
You like baseball?
It's not just Sid 6.7's performances that are increasing. Stars need bigger and bigger audiences.  Whatever Sid is going to do next, it's going to involve media.
I don't know, yet. What we do know is his performances are increasing in scale, not decreasing.  Whatever it is, he isn't finished...
Start of what?
Whatever he was doing here was only the start.
I'm doing the best I can!
What's the problem?
Tell him.
This isn't a game, Parker!
You know I am.
Enjoying yourself?
Being on the street's a little different than sitting in an office all day, isn't it?
Nothing.
What did you do to those people?
This is my area of expertise.
What the hell's going on?!
Stop me.
Don't get out of the car.
Then why don't you start practicing and keep your mouth shut for a while?
I ruin so many moments by analyzing them when I should just be living them.
Relax. I know what you meant.
Dammit, I hate sounding so clinical all the time. All I meant to say was I thought you were doing well, but then I...
Don't worry about it, all right?
You know, considering you've only been out of prison for seven hours, you're readapting quite well.  Wait, I didn't mean that the way it sounded. I meant...
I forgot what real coffee tastes like...
Then all we can do is stay mobile and alert. He's got to make a move sometime, and we've got to be ready when he does.  Welcome to police work. You better like coffee.
What I do know is that whatever he's becoming, Sid 6.7 is going to be even worse than he was before.
Sounds to me like a welleducated way of saying you have no idea what to do next.
Now that he's in the real world, there are no longer limitations on his behavior like there were in virtual reality. Sid is going to evolve.
What does that mean?
Sid 6.7 is no longer bound by his programming.
You should practice lying more often. You're awful at it.  Where to?
I told you, it was on the way and I wanted to change clothes.
Want to tell me the real reason we stopped at your house?
Thank-you.  Her name is Karin.
She's beautiful, you know?
I prefer keeping my professional life separate from my personal life.
Why didn't you tell me you had a daughter?
How did you get your hand out?
Told you I wasn't going to go anywhere.
And I'm going to make sure of it.  Give me your wrist.
Give me a goddam break. I'm not going to go anywhere alone.
Give me your wrist.
In order to find him, we have to understand what makes him tick...
What we need to do is stop playing with computers and go catch the sonof-a-bitch before he kills anybody else.
Dahmer carried the head of one of his victims in a bowling bag for over a week. Kept it in his locker while he was at work in a candy factory.  We need to get a look at Sid 6.7's final profile.
Remember the bowling ball bag Sid carried with him in virtual reality?
As a matter of fact, it is.
This is getting you pumped up, isn't it? This is like the World Series to you.
But rather than selecting pieces from each individual, he simply let the stronger traits of each individual cannibalize the weaker ones.
Creating a whole far more dangerous than the sum of its parts.
Lindenmeyer put increasingly complex combinations of criminal psychological profiles together to develop the ultimate villain.
He's part of the mix. Sid 6.7 is a composite.
Hamlet.  What's David Berkowitz got to do with Sid 6.7?
Who said that?
For murder, though it have no tongue, will speak with most miraculous organ.
I am impressed.
... here on earth to create havoc and terror. I am War, I am death. I am destruction. David Berkowitz, 1977.
I am the demon from the bottomless pit...
Just like they figured there was no better person to catch one...
The government must have figured there was no better person to create a psycho than a psycho.
I've been in prison, remember?
Remember a few years ago when music schools were using a computerized teaching tool that accidently started frying kids' brains?
I'm still working on it.
I'm surprised you didn't write one about me.
Maybe after they catch him, you should write a book about him...
This Lindenmeyer's a real piece of work.
You've studied me, now I'm studying you. Seems only fair, don't you think?
Checking my pulse. It's elevated.  You enjoy frightening me, don't you?
What are you doing?
Do me one favor  if you shoot at anything, make sure I'm nowhere near it.
You've got a problem with me carrying a gun?
Every music school in the country rejected him and he turned to computers.  Stay here.
What happened when he was 17?
He had a twin brother who was a musical child prodigy who died in an electrical accident at age eight. Lindenmeyer went into an emotional shell until was 17. All he did day and night was play the violin.
Learn anything from Lindenmeyer's file?
I know who would know.
I've spent over 50 hours interviewing him.  Charlie killed Leno and Rosemary LaBianca because of the ugly way the members of his family had butchered Sharon Tate. After seeing the blood bath on television, he wanted to show them how it should be done.  The question is, what does Charlie have to do with Sid 6.7?
Charlie? You say that like you're close, personal friends.
Whoever did this wanted to do Charlie one better  to improve upon what was already done.
Manson didn't kill the first cops to arrive on the scene.
He was reenacting Charles Manson's LaBianca murders.
Don't worry. If I can't handle it, I'll just kill everybody.
You ready for this?
Fine. Never felt better in my life.  See, I'm a good liar.
You all right?
Every time I said it, it was. I never really thought I was going to make it.
It wasn't a lie.
Every day for the last five years, I told myself someday I would be out here again. No more bars. No more guards. No more fights just to stay alive.  Every day for the last five years, I told myself that lie.
What you need is a collar.
I don't need a babysitter.
I don't have to do anything except survive. And it's taking everything I've got just to do that.
I need to know what snapped in you. What made you capable of it. You have to make me understand.
Enough!
It was just like before, wasn't it? Wasn't it?  But you are making progress. Instead of killing seven people to get the one you're after, this time there was only one other person involved.
Go to hell.
You didn't see the expression you had on your face when you pulled the trigger. But I did.  You kind of liked it, didn't you? That thrill of going over the edge again. Of taking out an innocent bystander or two, as long as you got the target...
Not much. He was just a computer program. Nothing more.
What was going through your mind when you killed the busboy?
If I had died yesterday, you'd have already dissected my brain and analyzed it to see if I carry any genetic predisposition toward violence.
That's not true, Parker.
You're not my therapist. You're hear to study me. Face it  I'm nothing more than a lab rat to you.
I know. I was there. I saw the whole thing.  If I was your therapist, I would have advised you against putting yourself back into that kind of situation.
John died.
In other words, par for the course.  How do you feel about the simulation you participated in yesterday?
A little less than yesterday.
No, I just like the effect a tape recorder has on you.  How you feeling today?
You actually listen to all those tapes?
BARNES, YOU'RE DEAD!
Now, is that any way to talk to an old friend?
I really did think I was still in reality. At least, until now.  Beam me up, Scotty!
What are you talking about?
Thank-you, Daryl.  You had me going for quite a while there, sport.
I've got some final preparations to take care of Checking his watch, he stops suddenly.
Aren't you going to watch with me?
Let's just say I'm sending a very clear message to his ReElection Rally...
You are going after Mayor Bennett.
There you go  best seat in the house.
I thought you liked me being in the audience. Don't you want me to see it?
It's really too bad you have to miss the Grand Finale.
My...secret.
You can't die until you tell me where the C-4 is. Where is it?!
Where did you plant the C-4?!
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here... or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
What C-4...was Cox talking about?
Where did you plant the C-4?!
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here...or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
What C-4...was Cox talking about?
Why's that?
I wouldn't pull the trigger if I were you
You really are pathetic, you know that? Mathew Grimes is only one letter in my alphabet. He is nothing compared to me.
DEAD! YOU HEAR ME?
I'm sorry, the party you're trying to reach is not answering. Is there anyone else you would like to talk to?
GRIMES, YOU'RE DEAD!
Now, is that any way to talk to an old buddy? I mean, just because I'm carrying around the joy of killing your family inside me doesn't mean we can't be friends.
You...mother...fucker! I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!!
Who else do you know who touches the world with synthetic hands?
You and me have nothing in common.
I must make them very nervous if they let you out of prison.  You know, we have so much in common  we have such history together I've been thinking we should become friends.
The only thing I want to hear is your silence.
The symphony of collision...
Performing solo.  Enjoying the concert so far?
Where's John?
At this stage, you either get form or function. You said she wanted function. I gave you function. What are you complaining about?
Do they have to look so...robotic?
Mr. Wallace, I could have 10 of them ready by tomorrow.
As long as they keep overpaying me, I'll keep overpaying you.  ) Just make goddam sure you can have 10 of them ready for deployment around the city by next month.
As long as you keep overpaying me, I'll be the first to go into production on three, and four, as well.
To the first LETAC engineer to go into production on prototypes.
Well, well, well, well, wait a minute, we got 86 percent.  We bring'em back <u>tomorrow</u>, the charts go up, they don't go <u>down</u>...
For Schumann.
What about it?
<u>Hello</u>.  What?
It's the White House.
When you...  What?  I'm busy.
...on the way in.
Well, darlin' <u>I</u> ain't your confessor.  Tell him you've got some info on the President's sex scandal, it's on your conscience, believe me, he'll drop what he's doing.  Okay;  <u>Now</u>:  Folks, folks, folks, this is a shitty business, and it needs no Ghost Come From the Grave to tell us that.  But in Six Days, Lord willing n'Jesus Tarries, I am going to take you beauties into the second term. .....wait til you hear the speech tonight.  The 3-0-3 Speech... where's the Fad King, by the way...
What are you saying...
<u>Lure</u> him. 
What if he's busy tonight?
You're with him tonight, watching the President's Speech, when the President...
...tonight...
Naw, we can't play this one catch-up.  That's how long since you stopped beating the wife.  We have to...
You want some research, flu?  Side-effects of medi....
And <u>what</u> is bigger than a triumphal Homecoming...?
He's <u>dead</u>.  He's <u>dead</u>.  The Fella Killed Old Shoe. 
You're not <u>thinking</u> right, Pal...
What are you talking about?
Naa, fuck this, this is nothing.  Oh, Lord -- this just got <u>Big</u>.  I see it -- <u>Big</u> -- Big for <u>you</u> and big for <u>me</u>.
...the Harvester... 
What rig?
I'm concerned about the driver of the rig.
How do we explain that?  Ah, well, you see, Wilfred, this is where you've never been at a <u>pitch</u>.  You see? His <u>records</u> say he was in prison ... as they must, as <u>all</u> the records of Group 303 have the men and the women, carried on their roster, as belonging somewhere else, the <u>secrecy</u> required of....
But how do we explain the fact he was in prison?
<u>Fuck</u> the world.  Try a ten A.M. <u>pitch</u> meeting, no sleep, coked-to-the-gills, and you haven't even read the <u>material</u>.
...how do we explain that?  With the World Watching.
...how do we Explain That?  Hey?  Am I worried...?
No, no, no...
You can't tell this story.  He's not kidding you.  You can't tell this story.  <u>You</u> knew that.  The pay off was, you get to be Ambassador, or...
Shot down, Forced down...  You guys are <u>missing</u> it... You're missing the <u>opportunity</u>
...his Triumphal Plane.  Shot Down.
Come on.
...where?
Come on.
<u>IT DESTROYED THE ELECTORAL PROCESS</u>.
Oh, Lord....
You know, I think you people are looking at this All Wrong.  If you look at the <u>backstory</u> -- the guy's coming back from Combat and Torture.  Of <u>course</u> he is gonna be ... uh ... uh ... "fucked up".  Of <u>Course</u> he's gonna "need a little help"... 
Well, get on the phone, and <u>get</u> it...
He's not fine.
What happens if he doesn't have his medication?
Look, look, look....  He's fine, as long as he has his medication.
And?  NO.  I don't wanna know.  What do you <u>mean</u> "and..."?
...and...
Yeeaahhh...  Ohmigod ... ohmigod... ohmigod...
Much more...uh, he have much more time to "serve?"
...twelve years.
He, uh, has he been in the "jail" long?
Wilfred, that's not bad.
We've got to put that, into the Inaugural.  "I have here, a ribbon.  You haven't seen it before, and you will not see it too often <u>now</u>.  For it is the Proud Possession of a few, a very few Men and Women... it is the Ribbon of the Albanian Campaign...."
...like the <u>sound</u> of it, eh...
...The Albanian Campaign...
Indeed it is.
Izzat the thing...
It's the gratitude of your <u>party</u>, and of your <u>President</u>...
...mmm?
Hi, How are ya?  <u>Listen</u> to this, willya...
Mr. President, this is St...
All we have to do now is sell it to the President.
Hey, hey, I'm just the Producer, I'm just the <u>Stationmaster</u>, Johnny Green wrote that song, and...
What'd ya think?
...this is a snappy song....
Listen to what I've ... listen to... does anybody know Morse Code?
A new <u>take</u> on the...  Well, sir, we're coming back, we'd like you to try it out, this evening...
Can we have a white one, please...
...can we have a white one...?
A small, "calico" kitten, sir.  "Calico." 
Gonna be fine.  Gonna be fine, people?  Are we getting there...?
And...she's not an Illegal Immigrant?  Is she?  Can I see her "chart?"  Because...
Miss, we are going to ask you to sign this little sheet of <u>paper</u>...
I need a little bit of <u>help</u>...?
Okay.  Here's what we're gonna do.
What can it hurt is they offend me.
What can it hurt.
They got the guys on a <u>retainer</u>, it's cheaper, <u>pay</u>'em, but don't lettem touch it... Let'em leave us alone.
Well, we paid for it, we got the guys on a retainer.
I don't think you're gonna need it.
NY Times, Washington Post, War, War, War.  Times got the girlscout page twelve, Post in Section Two.... Horses in Mid-Stream...?
King, we've got to be on the streets in...
...and he's got a <u>negative</u> rating of... 
Y'see, <u>this</u> is what Producing is:  you put me in a <u>Room</u>...
...but the President wonders about the Possible Albanian Backlash...
Hello, <u>King</u>.  How the heck <u>are</u> you...?  <u>Get</u> out...  <u>Get</u> out... Well, man, you fall in love like a <u>Hillbilly</u>...  Ditch the wife, toss the kids in the Pick-up,   Listen, King:  <u>Get</u> your fat redneck ass out here, <u>willya</u>...
The <u>thinking</u> is, as of this moment, <u>Terrorism</u>...  ...they're getting a Good Reaction on the "Albania" thing...
Okay.  Okay.  The <u>Suitcase</u> Bomb...
Ames here.  <u>Yessir</u>... 
I could tell you stories:  Cecil B. Demille:  Alright? The Greatest Show on Earth:  He needs an elephant,
No, this is great.
It's <u>producing</u>.
You know what?  This is good.  This is terrific, and I'll tell you why:  it's <u>cost effective</u>.  This is....
We've just found out They Have the Bomb.  We've Just Found Out They Have The <u>Bomb</u>, aaaand... No, No wait a second, no, no, wait a second, No.  The Bomb's not... it's not <u>there</u> -- because they'd have to have a rocket and that shit n'they're a buncha wogs-- it's ... it's a <u>suitcase</u> Bomb.  Ooookay.  It's a <u>suitcase</u> bomb, and it's .... in Canada!  Eh?  Albanian Terrorists have placed a suitcase Bomb in Canada, in an attempt to infiltrate the bomb into the USA.
Alright, well, alright:  geopolitically...
You wouldn't be here if it wasn't true.  It's true, right?
Waal, Mr. Moss, I wouldn't....
Could we have you in here, please...7
Stanley, you can't do this....
Well, what do you want to do about it?  What do you...
... you want Schumann saved by an Illegal Alien...?
Well, he doesn't have his Green Card.  He Doesn't have his Greencard.
What about him?
How do we explain <u>that</u>?
... and he spent the last twelve years in a Milit&ry Prison... 
Oh.  Hell.  And what do we do now?  What do we do <u>now</u>? Boy Producer?  Mister Win-an-Emmy, Social Conscience, <u>Whaleshit</u>, save- the-rainforest, Liberal hire-a-convict <u>shithead</u>? Mister Affirmative-Action Peacnik.  Commie... <u>shithead</u>....?
Courage, Mom.
Hello?   No, operator...
No.  No.  He didn't mean anything by it at <u>all</u>...
Give'em another pill...
...what are we going to do...?
All Combat takes place at night, in the Rain, and at the Junction of four Map Segments...
...what have you <u>done</u> to me...
Wilfred.
Never quit a winner.
Uh...Didn't we <u>do</u> this?
...child at the airport...  breaks through the ranks, runs to "old shoe" -- should we have <u>flower</u> or a <u>bear</u>...?
Napoleon said, fellow won't sell you his life, but he will trade it to you for a little piece of ribbon.
Well, you know, "The Whole Thing's Theatre..."
That's not bad at all.
It's the Pride of a Job Well Done, Stanley, yes, but it's <u>more</u> than that.
Pride of a job-well-done...
Fine. 
How's your wife?
No.  No...Pentagon says, Army's got'em, they got'm in ..."Custody"... 
Ronnie says we don't need'em for another four days.  ...s'there a problem?
First of all, we're locked <u>in</u> to it, <u>secondly</u>:
He thinks it's too...
Gloria -- sell the House.  
War's over, Pal. 
...those limp-dick ... <u>turncoat</u>... I <u>thought</u> they let us out of there too easy.....
Oh, Lord....
Yep.  Well, we started it, he Ended it...
Oh, God...
The War is Over.
What are we going to do?
What are we gonna <u>do</u> about it...?
He just got Hip to us.  He just ended the War.
...they just hadn't thought it through...
No.  I was busy.  Yes, I need the new poll fig.... <u>how</u> long?  I'll call in from Nashville.  And patch me through to the Big Bird, will...?  I've got to <u>hand</u> it to you.  <u>They</u> sure let us out of there easy....
I'm doing my job, Too.  Would you give me a... do you think you could call off your Dogs for a minute.
And I'd like to point out that I've been on prescription <u>medication</u>, the side-effects of which...
Brazen it through?  Brazen it <u>through</u>?  They're going to hang us out to dry like the <u>laundry</u> --- do you know what we've <u>ddd</u>...
...brazen-it-through...
...fourteen years...
Well, keep your <u>wits</u> about you, and let's see if we can't...
You missed your <u>plane</u>?  My <u>life</u> is over.  My <u>life</u> is over.  What have you <u>done</u> to me?  What have I done?  Fourteen years of Public Service...
...I just missed my plane.
Waal, I gotta tell you.  I've been inside the Beltway fourteen years, and I feel like I Just Got My Feet Wet.
None of these are ours.  <u>None</u> of em are ours....  ....that's <u>real politik</u>, Buddy.
8 days and we bring it back home....
...Stanley Moss...
...this is magnificent.
Y'wanna follow the Cattle Drive?  Sleep in the Winter. What does <u>Moss</u> want...?  Matchmaker comes to the Levinsky Family.  Mr. Levinsky, Mrs. Levinsky, would you entertain an offer of marriage for your son Saul, from Princess Margaret of Great Britain.  Well, they think, she isn't Jewish, but she's well to-do, a nice old family.  Alright, yes, they say.  We would consider such an offer.  Wonderful, matchmaker says, My Job is Half Done.  Now, Look:  I got the <u>file</u>, from the L.A. contingent, I got the day-by-day, of how...
You're tired, Ronnie.
We're gonna do the <u>Team Song</u>.
<u>Nashville</u>...?
Due in Nashville.
How long you been up, you need a nap.
Yeah...what was I talking about...?
Maybe he's just a <u>patriot</u>.
<u>I</u> dunno.... Ambassador to <u>Togo</u>, somethin', <u>I</u> dunno... he...
Speaking of thanks... we puttem back in, what does your fellow Moss want?
Knock on wood.
Catching up on his reading.  Asked about you, sends his thanks.
<u>So</u> forth...
Find out is there <u>any</u> chance we can get some rain tomorrow, <u>will</u> you...?
Now, the Old Lady starts to <u>Weep</u>, Big Bird shrugs off his secret <u>Service</u>, goes to her, and covers her with his own coat.
...uh huh...
...but to the Old World; you are stilling the forces of hatred and of War which have, since I was a child...
Our adopted land...
<u>Yes</u>:  she is saying this in Albanian, <u>but</u> she's doing it not to be uh...  But because, she explains, that is the only way it can be understood by her Aged and Sainted Mother, who is standing there with her, dressed in her Traditional...
Is she saying this in Albanian...?
Stanley Moss, Ladeesngennlmen... And she says...
...this's <u>good</u>...
...got to be <u>something</u>.  She gives him the sacred...  And tells him:  this is the Traditional Harvest Offering, given to the Man who Ties the First Sheaf, the last sheaf, whatever the fuck it is...
Get on this, right now...
And carrying.  The National Flower of Albania, something..... Now Is it some Festival?  Some <u>Harvest</u> Festival, something...
A young Albanian Girl, dressed in their...
No rain.
An <u>Albanian</u>, a young Albanian Girl.
Gimme the weather for tomorrow morning, five A.M. Andrews...
<u>I</u> think, here's what I think:  S'it gonna rain...? 
Press thought "no," whaddaya think...?
Anything at the Airport?
We're bring'n im in tomorrow, five AM.
Big Bird touches down <u>when</u>?
I <u>live</u> for midnight, when I can tear another of those suckers off.  Watcha got for me?
Eight Days To Go 
New York Times, Wash Post, Detroit Register, San Diego BEE, all in emission.  <u>No</u> mention of the Girlscout. None.
Wilfred.  We've got <u>work</u> to do...
Yes.  That's true.  But...
Your guy gets four more years in Washington...  ...it's only Nine More Days.
...what's the Long View?
...take a long view.
...hell of a price for the country to pay.
... they're checking the ratings...uh...
Why is this putz on the air...
...I just hope...
Waal, that's where you <u>want</u> em...
Tonight.  Well, you've started a Tempest in a Teapot.
We'll be back tonight.
<u>Hello</u>... Yes.  We'll be back...?
...can we see the Kitten...?
The Ribbon Manufacturers.
...the Yellow Ribbon, but who, who'd profit from <u>that</u>...
In the yellow ribbon.
The hostages, but that was a naturally-occuring...  It was a put-up job?  But where was the, where was the money in that?
The Hostages...?
The thing with the Yellow Ribbon...
It's like that thing with the Yellow Ribbon...
...where is the Back End coming from?
Here's what you got to do:  Get your Press Office, Right now.  To deny;  There <u>is</u> no report of Albanian Activity.  They have to deny it. Now, get the C.I.A.
...you want us to go to War with Albania.
What did they ever do <u>for</u> us...?  You see, this is why we have to mobilize the B-2 Bomber.
What did Albania ever do to us?
Precisely.
...<u>nothing</u>...
What do you know about them?
Why?
Yes.
Well, I'm <u>working</u> on it....
<u>Who</u>?
Well, I'm gonna hold on, but you went to win this election, you better change the subject.  You wanna change this subject, you better have a War.  What do you need?  It's gotta be <u>quick</u>, it's gotta be <u>dramatic</u>, you got to have an <u>enemy</u>.  Okay?  What do you need in an enemy?  Somebody you fear.  Who do you fear? Som'b'y you don't know.
Hold on, hold on, hold on:
<u>Shifty</u>.  Who knows anything <u>about</u> em...
...they sound what?
Why <u>not</u>, what've they ever done for <u>us</u>...?  Also:  they sound... Ah, you see, this is why we have to mobilize the B-2 <u>Bomber</u>...
Why?
...that's the general idea.
...you want us to go to War...
What did they find out about the Gulf War?  One shot: one bomb, falling though the roof, building coulda been made of <u>Legos</u>.
...but...
Who's gonna tell'em.
Yes
The American "people"?
...the... 
Who would find out?
But, but, but, "they" would find out.
What's it gonna cost? 
I'm not sure we can afford to have the "appearance" of a war.
We aren't going to have a war.  We're going to have the "appearance" of a war.
We can't <u>afford</u> a war.
Lookit, don't worry about it.  It's not a New Concept. Wake me when we touch down, will...
Tell me again.
....we landing?
Tell, tell, tell me again.
I'll see you at National.
Gemme a plane.  Business Aviation, National, one hour. Fly to Chicago.  O'hare, LAX 6 A.M.
Yeah, I'm gonna have to go to L.A.
Twenty thousand dollars.
It's the rough-cut, the other side's new commercial.
What is it?
It's going to be fine.  It's going to be ... you remember in 88, when...
I'll be back within the hour.  Now,
Gimme twenty thousand dollars.
I'm working on it.
What in the <u>world</u> would do that?
What would do that...?
We don't need it to prove out.  We need it to <u>distract</u> them for two weeks til the election.
It won't hold, Ronnie, it won't prove out.
One day, Two days?  <u>Course</u> it's gonna hhhh....
It won't hold.
And you?
<u>Do</u> it...
I'm working on it.  Same time, you call Billy Scott at Joint Chiefs, and pour him onna plane <u>right now</u> to Seattle, y'got that...?  All flustered and worried. To talk to the <u>Boeing</u> people.
What crisis?
Okay, look, who's takin' the press conference today?
Car and a driver, Mr. Brean, the Westgate, Now, please...
They caught him in the closet with a Girlscout.  Side- effects of a pill ain't gone trump that.  You have to keep'em guessing for  Two weeks.  You  don't have to Cure Cancer, Pal, you just have to give them something more interesting than...
We're going to have to explain away the...
Yes -- It will... Now:  why is the President in China?
It won't even hold the one day, Ronnie --
All I need is the one day.
It won't hold.
You gotta give me a day.  I need a day.  He's sick, get it out <u>now</u>.  Get him on the phone'n tell him how sick he is.  We got to get it out before the story breaks, so we aren't quote, responding to it. Issue is as a bulletin.  He's got some rare strain of...
When do we bring'em back?
Well, yeah.  Now.  That's not good.  <u>Okay</u>:  <u>Okay</u>.  We'll set up the War Room <u>Here</u>...
Front page.  Washington Post.  Tomorrow.
What difference does it make if it's true?  It's a <u>story</u>, and, it <u>breaks</u> they're gonna have to <u>run</u> with it -- How long've we got til it breaks? 
Don't you want to know if it's true?
Who's got the story? 
We are virtually certain it isn't...
Okay.  And she's alleging...?
Three minutes.  It couldn't have been over three minutes, the Secret Service...
Well.  Alright.  What is it?  What's, he, uh...?  He had an Illegal Immigrant, was his Gardener, some years back...?  What's the thing?  You people get ahead, you sure get nervous.
When it broke, he said one word:  get me Ronnie Brean.
Alright.  Look here, any of you kids hear in this room:  what you hear here, what you say here, what you <u>do</u> here, f'it got out, you leaked it.  Tell'em what they need to know.
John Levy, Staff, and Amy Cain, Press Off....
Who we got here...?
And I think that the Security of the Country would be best-served by its citizens obeying its laws.  Gemme a Federal Judge, gemme search-warrants, all premises controlled by our friends, and bench-warrants for the two of...
Any untoward "revelation" regarding, uh...
As are we all, and I'd like to take this opportunity to suggest that the Security of the country would be ill- served by any, any...any...
Guess what?  We show, and N.S.A. confirms, there <u>are</u> no nuclear devices on the Canadian border.  There are no nuclear devices in Albania.  Z'at put us in something of a pickle?  Albania <u>has</u> no nuclear capacity.  Our spy satellites show "no secret terrorist camps" in The Albanian Hinterland.  The F.B.I. and the Border Patrol, And the R.C.M.P. report no repeat no untoward activity along our picturesque Canadian Border.  The Albanian Government is screaming its innocence, the world is listening.  There is no War.
And I take this <u>opportunity</u> to suggest that, equally, I admit to <u>nothing</u>, and that I would like my lawyer present.
Quite touching.
I was acting as a Private Citizen.  Nothing that I've done should be construed as reflecting on the orders or intentions of anyone with whom you may have reason to believe I am connected with.  Or in whose <u>employ</u>...
I know who you are, Mr. Ames.
I'd like to mention a few <u>names</u>, who...
Guess who <u>I</u> am.
Oh, MiGod.
WHERE'S MY FUCKING <u>PIIIILLLLLLL</u>...?
ON THE MEN, IN THE ROOM, ARGUING ABOUT THE ILLEGAL ALIEN, SCHUMANN IN THE B.G.
...where is my pill?
Where's my pill...?
ON SCHUMANN, WHO HAS CONE TO THE BACK OF THE COUNTER, AND IS EMPTYING THE CANNISTERS.
THE GROUP WATCHING TELEVISION.
"...where's my pill..."
You gonna git me back tomorrow?  Cause they havin <u>beans</u> tomorrow...
THE PLANE, IN A VIOLENT RAINSTORM, BUCKING WILDLY.  AMES, ON HIS KNEES, GATHERING UP THE PILLS, REPLACES THEM IN THE VIAL, SHAKES OUT TWO, AND GIVES THEM TO SCHUMANN.  WHO TAKES THEM.  MOSS THEN STRAPS HIMSELF BACK IN AND BREAN CONTINUES TALKING ON THE TELEPHONE.
...we will <u>not</u> be swayed, will, will not be <u>swayed</u> from <u>Every</u> effort to find <u>our</u> Old Shoe, our...
YOUNG PERSON'S APARTMENT, NIGHT.
Dashes and Dots.  And those dots spell out a message in the Morse Code. And that message is, "Courage, Mom..."  And he got the message through. "Courage.  Mom..."  Well, to the Family of William A. Schumann, to the Men and Women of Unit 303, to my fellow citizens <u>I</u> say "courage."  I have informed the Albanian government, and I inform <u>you</u>, that we will not rest until the safe return of Sergeant Schwn&nn.  I'm told his unit mates gave him the nickname, "Old Shoe."  Ladies and Gentleman, we will not <u>treat</u> him like an Old Shoe, we...
THE PRESIDENT, HOLDING THE PHOTOGRAPH
And I can only say, to those family members, <u>of</u> group 303, which members are, I know, as I speak, gathering to comfort you, the parents of the missing man, I can only say,
ON LIZ, AS SHE WALKS THROUGH THE H.Q., ON A BOARD WE SEE "DAYS TILL ELECTION 6" AND % IN FAVOR 82%.  A HUGE TV SHOWS THE PRESIDENT.
...member of the group, was left behind what were, then, Enemy Lines. 
It falls to me to <u>reveal</u> to you a <u>secret</u>.  To reveal the existence of a secret group of warriors. Men, yes, and <u>women</u>, trained and pledged their <u>strength</u>, their <u>skills</u>, and, if called upon, their <u>lives</u>, in the service of their fellow Americans. A group so secret, its very existence has been known to just a few, and known not by a Name, but by a Designation Number, Three-Oh-Three...
ON THE PRESSCORP, THE REPORTERS, LISTENING WIDEMOUTHED, TO THE PRESIDENT'S SPEECH.
CAIN LOOKS DOWN AT HER SCRIPT.  SHRUGS, AND LOOKS UP.
But that group has been, in the main, subdued.  Now: How did we come by this information?  And.  Who subdued that group? 
ON CAIN, AS SHE LOOKS AROUND.
From whence did it come?  Our information states it came from a small group of armed, dissidents.  Of Armed and Violent Dissidents...
AS WE LOOK UP, WE SEE THE PRESIDENT BITING HIS LIP, AND CONTINUING WITH THE SPEECH.
CAIN, MOUTHING ALONG, WITH THE SPEECH, SHE LOOKS DOWN, AND WE SEE WRITTEN, ON HER COPY. of his making 
The threat of Nuc1ear Terrorism has been quelled.  We are in <u>contaot</u> with the Albanian Premier, who assures me, and this government <u>credits</u> his assurances, that his country does not wish us ill, and <u>has</u> not.  That the threat which we perceived was not of his wish, or of his making.
Shoe, boy...?  You know, you were telling me you wanted Beans?  Remember, you were concerned about the Beans...?
ON THE GAS STATION OWNER, WHO HAS RETREATED TO HIS COUNTER AND PRODUCES A SHOTGUN, AND STARTS TO LOAD IT.
...how ya feeling, boy?
ON MOSS, AS HE WALKS THE GROGGY SCHUMANN TOWARD THE GAS STATION.
..."down safely," crew perished in the Crash....
ON BREAN AND MOSS, WHO WALK SCHUMANN ACROSS THE HIGHWAY. IN THE B.G. WE SEE AMES TALKING TO THE DRIVER OF THE HARVESTER, WHO IS A SMALL, HISPANIC MAN.
BREAN, SHAKING HIS HEAD.  IN THE B.G., MOSS, DRINKING. THE TV COMES TO LIFE.
This is nothing. ...piece of cake.  Y'know, producing is being a Samurai Warrior.  They pay you, day in, day out, for Years, so that, ONE DAY, when <u>called</u> upon, you can respond, your training At Its Peak, and save the day.
How's our friend?  What is he, "dead?"
THE CROWDS AT ANDREW'S AIRKORCE BASE, THE "OLD SHOE" BANNERS, THE "COURAGE, MOM," BANNERS.  THE STILL BAND.  A SHOT OF THE BANDMASTER, SURREPTITIOUSLY, GLANCING AT HIS WATCH.
ON BREAN, WHO IS DOODLING.
But, you know, <u>this</u> is the meeting, Ron?  You think about it.  <u>This</u> is the meeting.  This, here.  Schumann and us.  King Kong and the Trainers...this's it... What are you working on?
...we own it?
OVER A SLEEPING BREAN, STRETCHED OUT ON A POOLCHAIR, GRACE, THE SECRETARY, COMES OUT ON TO THE POOL AREA, HOLDING THE SHOT OF A SMALL, FOREIGN LOOKING CHILD, IN FRONT OF A PILE OF RUBBLE. SHE SHOWS IT TO MOSS.
Out in Oklahoma.
Where is he?
Schumann. We're gonna go pick him up tonight.
Yeah, I need a list, people in Military Special Pro...
Hello...?
The President is going to declare War against Albania in a half an hour.
Well, let's not be too sure, why is that?
We're locked into Albania.
Does it <u>have</u> to be Albania?  Because, lookit:  I can get my hands on a lot of walking-around-cash, I think, if it's <u>Italy</u>...Look at the tie-in here:  <u>The</u> <u>Boot</u>, "Givvem the <u>Boot</u>,"... If we were to go Wide with a <u>shoe</u> as the fad.  A "Shoe-fad"...  Here's what it offers us...
Would somebody wake me in five minutes?
...what is this?
I gotta get something, I gotta get ...shoes?  Ties? Hats...?  Good.  Good. 
Six to five and pick'em...you wanna <u>chance</u> it...
Whaddaya think?
Heavy weather East of here.
Captain...  You wanna Take'er up...?
Well, I wouldn't go up in it, lest I had to...
We're due at Andrews. 
Could if we had to.  Rather not.  Rough weather.
Well, c'n we get him back home?
Well, I have, too.  Would you do it <u>again</u>...?  In't that why you're here?  I guess <u>so</u>.  N'if you go to war again, who is it going to be against?  Your "ability to fight a Two-ocean War" against who?  Sweden and <u>Togo</u>? Who you sitting here to Go To War Against?  That time has <u>passed</u>.  It's <u>passed</u>.  It's <u>over</u>.  The War of the Future is <u>Nuclear Terrorism</u>.  It is and it will be against a Small Group of Dissidents who, unbeknownst, perhaps, to their own <u>governments</u>, have blah blah blah. And to go to <u>that</u> war, you've got to be <u>prepared</u>.  You have to be alert, and the <u>public</u> has to be alert. Cause that is the war of the <u>future</u>, and if you're not gearing up, to fight <u>that</u> war, <u>eventually</u> the axe will fall.  N'you're gonna be out in the street.  And you can call this a "drill," or you can call it "job security," or you can call it anything you like. But I got one for you:  you said, "Go to War to protect your Way of Life,"  well, Chuck, <u>this</u>  is your way of life.  Innit?  And if there ain't no war, you can punch out, go home, and take up Oil Painting.  And there <u>ain't</u> no war but ours. 
I have.
Would you go to War to do that? 
To preserve their Way of Life.
Why do they go to War?
I'll play your silly game.
Why do people go to war?
Why do people go to war?
Ask it.
I have a question for you.
What's on your mind?
I'm <u>doing</u> my job, Mr. Brean.  That's what you see me doing here.  What <u>is</u> it you thought <u>you</u> were doing?
Well, I'm sure that speaks very well of you and for your parents.  But if forced to choose between the security of the country and the security of your Job, which would you pick.  And, while you hesitate, permit me to suggest that they are one and the same.  Your country and your job.
I'm interested in the Security of My Country, Mr. Brean.
What <u>are</u> you interested in? 
Well, I'm not interested in how long its "got to hold for."
S'only got to hold for another few days.
S'all very well, but when the Fit hits the Shan, somebody's going to have to Stay After School, and who do you 'spose that might be.
Nobody whose name you want me to say, Mr. Young, I promise you.
Who're you working for?
My name is Ronald Brean.
N'who might <u>you</u> be, when all's said and done?
Course there's a war.  I'm watching it on Television.
Then show a little spunk.  There <u>Is</u> no B-2 Bomber, General Scott, the best of your knowledge, is not in Seattle to talk with Boeing...
Dartmouth
Where'd you go to school, Kid.  Wellesly?
But there isn't a B-2 bomber.
What do <u>you</u> think?  What I need from you:  I need a base of operations.  Some place in the District.  I need some clean <u>money</u> ...
Is there a press conference today?
Well, that's what we're <u>doing</u> here...
What's more interesting than boffing the girlscout?
...Good...
Earn your money.  ...He's ill, the Plane is sick...
...Yes.
...you the Press Office?
...why?
There was a group of Girlscouts here from Indiana last month.  One of them expressed an interest in a Frederick Remington bust.  The president took her into the oval Office, for a period...
This ain't the illegal immigrant Nanny.
It can be documented that he displayed the...
And, to hold it together, I need two days.  There <u>is</u> no B-2 Bomber:  here's what you do ahout that:  whoever is leaking stuff to that geek at the Post, lets it slip, "Geez, I hope this doesn't screw up the B-2 Program..." "What B-2 Program, and why should it screw it up?"  "If the president moves to deploy the B-2 before it is fully tested."  "Deploy the B-2, <u>Why</u>?"  "In the Crisis."
How much...?
That's what I'm telling you.  The two things:  the two things:  Rare strain of flu, No Cause to Be Alarmed.  And the B-2 Bomber...  Clear me a space.  Get me a copy, go rob one, get it off the computer, Wash Post, N.Y. <u>TIMES</u>,
There <u>is</u> no B-2 Bomber,
You're goddamn right.  And it's got nothing to do with the B-2 Bomber. 
Trade Re1ations.
Alright, now, here:  he stays on the ground in China til Tomorrow.
Touchdown, Andrews, fourteen hundred, today.
When's he coming back...?
China.
That's <u>one</u> thing, but I'm not gonna let two dickheads from <u>Filmschool</u> take it... are you <u>Nuts</u>?  Are you <u>Nuts</u>?
But you always knew you couldn't <u>take</u> the credit....
<u>Money</u>?  You think I did this for money...?  I did this for <u>Credit</u>.  <u>Credit</u>, paalll...
No, the deal <u>isn't</u> changed.  The Deal <u>isn't</u> changed. You can't ... what is it?  Money?  <u>Money</u>?  You want Money?
Deal's changed.
Stanley.  Stanley... you knew the... Stanley.  You knew the deal when you signed <u>on</u>.
Watch me.
No, I don't think you can <u>do</u> that, Stanley...
Watch me.
No, I don't think you can <u>do</u> that.
I'm looking for a phone...
What're you doing?
Prouder of this, than anything I ever did in my life. I want to thank you, Ron.  Want to thank you.
A proud tradition.
Show Must Go On.
No.  You're right.
You see?  What's the lesson here?  <u>Never</u> give up. <u>Never</u> give up.
Naw, naw, we own the airways... 
...one more day.
Hell of a show.  Hell of a job, Stan.
Get on the phone, have'em fly in a ...whaddaya need to be a citizen?  A Judge?  Whaddaya need?  A Judge...? Call in a <u>Judge</u>, call in a Federal <u>Judge</u>, and...  If you're concerned about him, being an ..."immigrant." Make him a <u>citizen</u>... Eh?  <u>Guys</u> ... what's all this <u>mopery</u>, we...
They'll be here in ten minutes.
Pals:  Get on the <u>phone</u>... r'they flying it?
You got a dime....?
...but...
No, I'm fine... I got it together....
"...unsure whether or not Enemy Action..."
No, I'm On Top of it...
He's doped to the <u>Gills</u> ...
What he went through in <u>Albania</u>...
He raped a <u>Nun</u>...
You would be, two, if you'd gone through what he went through.
Ha ha.  No, no, not <u>now</u>, not <u>now</u>, of course, But Someday... when they tell <u>this</u> story...
Some'b'y'll have you killed.
Why not?
You can't tell this story.
We'll deal with that when we come to it.  <u>This</u> is producing.  <u>This</u> is what they pay off on...come on, Pal, Boots and Saddles...
He's supposed to be flying in from Europe.
Finish Strong!  Are you <u>nuts</u>?  Are you nuts?  This's Pennies from <u>Heaven</u>... on his triumphal return home, Old Shoe, his Plane Forced Down...AND YET...
I'm tired.
Come on, Pal, come on Willie, come on, Old Shoe...
We have no home.  We're vagrants.  N'each man's hand's against us.  We killed Old Shoe...  We killed the Schuster...spend our life in a packingcrate...Where are you <u>going</u>...?
We're going home.  We're going home together...
Uh huh...why?
Get on your feet, boy.
Y'know what else bothers me?  "Shh lil baby, don' saya word, papa's gon buy you a mocking bird..."  The baby don'say a word, WHAT THE FUCK IS THE MOTHERFUCKING MOCKING BIRD GONE SAY?  You follow me...?
Leav't alone.  Wha'd television ever do to you?  Ate your <u>life</u>, ruin'd your <u>Culture</u>, but...
No, I didn't think so.
Is he dead?
Wake up.
Eh?  I'm like the Rest of America.  I don't <u>care</u> -- I'm just <u>addicted to it</u>...
What the hell do <u>we</u> care?
How's our friend?
I think we were experiencing a Little Technical Difficulty.
...what happened...?
What <u>kind</u> of stuff?  Hello...?
Mmm.
It's an anti-psychotic, the num...  the number...hello...hello...
An anti-psychotic...
Yeah, well, perhaps...  Speaking of which:  I have a <u>prescription</u> here, I'm going to give you the <u>number</u>, I need you standing by with a <u>crate</u> of the stuff.... it's ... what is it?
He's going to be fine, aren't you boy...?
Cause I don't think <u>this</u> dog is gonna hunt....
Just....do what I ...look:  get me a ...hello...? Hel...?  I'm going to need an <u>ambulance</u>, we take him, the last moment, right from the Pl...no, <u>we</u> land, we puttem <u>in</u> the ambulance.  Air force jet lands, we take somebody <u>else</u> off <u>that</u> jet...what the fuck do <u>I</u> care? Somebody in a Hospital gown.  And we need a ......hello?  Hello...?
Speaking of that...  We're gonna need a whole lot <u>more</u> of this....
He's fine, as long as he gets his medication.
Yes, William, Uh, we have this <u>thing</u> we're doing...
 A slight, a slight, well, no, we're gonna <u>deal</u> with it, we just, I need a little readjustment...we need to re<u>think</u>...
Yeah, well -- it's only one word difference.
I think we asked for "special programs" and they gave us "special prisons."
Uh...
They insist they wanna go with meeting him at the airport.  I told'em they're wrong, I can't convince'em. They're concerned that the last kid had the <u>Wheat</u>. Variations include, the kid is a <u>boy</u>, the kid is <u>twins</u>, it's a little <u>dog</u> ... they rub meat on Schumann's cuff, the dog runs to him...
I thought they weren't meeting him at the airport...
...givem what they want...But...
...a masterpiece...
You've <u>got</u> something, there...
Bigger than that.  For want of a nail a <u>Kingdom</u> was lost...
They should be.  Most valuable animal since Sea Biscuit.  <u>Isn't</u> he...
We <u>were</u> the Albanian campaign, John -- <u>We Were There</u>.
...the Albanian Campaign.  And we won't even be a footnote...
...the Albanian Campaign.  This... this is history...
The Albanian Campaign.
Of what?
Medal.  Medal and Ribbon.
Might, if I was asked... 
Getting off on the inaugural?  Gonna go...
I got it in the inaugural.  "Thank you for voting for me, but, <u>as</u> importantly:  Thank you for <u>voting</u>... 
We pick up Schumann.  Sneak him back inside the Beltway. And we plan his homecoming.  Zt's gone be Neil Armstrong, Dr. Livingston, and <u>Lindy</u>...They're gonna forget, they're gonna forget, they're gonna forget that there <u>is</u> an election...The Pres's gonna have to say, one of his speeches, "Don't forget to Vote..."
Well, I'll be damned if I <u>know</u> ... you know... doing this <u>thing</u> ...  You know what the worst word is, in the English Language?  It's retirement."  What the <u>hell</u> was I thinking of?  Hell, I used to...
What am <u>I</u> gonna do?  I'm gonna "Fade Away."  What are you gonna do?
Whattaya gonna do when this is all over?
Ain't <u>that</u> the truth. 
Hey, lcokit:  <u>any</u> business...
Guy says he'll respect her tomorrow, he <u>might</u>, but why take a chance?  Hold out til after you're married. That's... that's.... looky, we're offering'em Schumann, make em <u>vote</u> for hhhh.... psychologically, they will understand that that's the bargain.  Make them pay for him.  Make... that's right, the price is their vote. Now, we bring him home, the President announces he is flying <u>home</u>, he's <u>here</u>, he's <u>there</u>... f'there the election, TA DA, here he is.  Have him say it like I wrote it, It'll be fine. Thanks.  Labor, five bucks an hour.  If you <u>watch</u>, <u>ten</u> bucks an hour.  If you <u>help</u> ... if you <u>help</u>, a <u>hundred</u> bucks an hour.
Hell, yes, we're, we're on our way to get him now.  No. Lookit:  it's like a girl with her virginity, y'understand...
Big mistake.
Yeah, we'll gettem in their cars.  I'm slowing down...  No, no.  Look, lookit:  I think it's a mistake, well, I'll <u>tell</u> you why:  you got'em by the balls, <u>Squeeze</u>.  Because Schumann's the Shark.  He's ...<u>Jaws</u>.  You have to <u>tease</u>'em... You don't puttem in the first reel of the movie...  Bring'em back <u>slow</u>, the President...  No, no, put him on.  Put him on.  President wants to reveal Scbumann before the election.
...we'll gettim in their cars.
Against...who could be aggressor....Help me out here...Units of 303, the Defense Department confirms, early this morning, Albanian Time, stormed a mountain hideaway, near the city of -- help me out here -- and freed a tired, but happy William Schumann, Suffering no casualties.  His condition is reported as Guarded, and his route to the US has not been disclosed, but a high White House source confirms he is expected in Washington tomorrow morning...no, that's for the wire service.  Moss's working on Big Bird's Inaugural.  Nine A.M...?  Nine?  Miss the commuters, but...
...<u>isn't</u> it?  Hey, what-the-hey ... it's all part of the bittersweet...
Hell of a Ride, Stanley...
I've come to feel It's my thing.  You know, you take a job... You take a job, and, many times, it's <u>just</u> a job.  And then...
Hey, lemme close out the thing in style.
Inaugural Speech, press corp's gonna be jealous of giving up that one...
All the greater accomplishment.
Yes, but there wasn't a War.
Well, yes, but the guy <u>did</u> bring Peace.
If they can give Kissenger the Peace Prize, I wouldn't be surprised to wake up and find I'd won the Preakness.
...that's right.
Just for the Symmetry of the thing...?
Yes, but I, well, <u>you</u> know...
Hey, our job ends at the Finish Line.
S'only when you fuck up, everything gets full of shit.  Do you think we could line him up for the Peace Prize?
Mmm.
You do your job right, nobody should notice.
Mmm...
Haven't had so much fun since Live TV.
Not bad for government work.  Having a good time.
What do you mean he won't do it?  He won't do <u>what</u>?  He won't do the sp...  It's what?  It's <u>corny</u>?  <u>Corny</u>?  Is that the word?  Of <u>course</u> it's corny.  We wouldn't have him <u>say</u> the flippin' thing it wasn't corny.  Put... listen, it's not a question, we're locked <u>in</u> to this speech.  NO We're, Are You Listening?  LOCKED IN.  We're, we're playing way <u>past</u> it, we're <u>past</u> it -- it's the set-up for...he has <u>got</u> to say the speech.  Tell Ames to meet me at the West Gate in... 
What?
Get it in the stacks at the Library of Congress, Now.  Who's seeing the guy at C.B.S.?
My prop guy, had a guy out here.
Oh, you're gonna love this:
What's the thing with Morse Code...
They got him standing by.
...we get our hands on him?
Some, military... Special Program, Oklahoma somewhere...
Where is he now?
Oh, he's gonna be Aces.
...this the Guy.
In the Folk Music Section.  We'll be in in...
In the Folk Music Section.
No, it's...  I'll, yes, I'm holding, but...  No, it's ...
It's not too <u>clean</u>...
I think it's fine?
Did we ever use those costumes for the Border Patrol? Those guys in the Leopard-Skin <u>Hats</u>?  Here's my idea....
He can't respond to the Allegations.  I don't care <u>how</u> many girlscouts are picketing the ... look, look, look, we're coming home with <u>Gold</u>.  Eh? Tell him to hold firm for <u>two hours</u>... coming home with Gold.
"Good Old Shoe -- "  We put him in a sweater.
Yeah...?
...we put your Guy in a <u>sweater</u>...
What're you gonna do with Morse Code?
The war ain't over til I <u>say</u> it's over.  This is <u>my</u> picture.  You think you're in a <u>spot</u>?  You think this is a tight spot?  Try making the Hunchback of Notre Dame when your three lead actors <u>die</u>, two weeks from the end of Principal Photography.  This is... this is... this is just...  Act One:  THE WAR. Act <u>Two</u> ... the... uh...
I saw it on TV.
The War ain't over. 
The War is Over.  Senator Nole just ended the War.
What?
No, no, no, no, no <u>after</u> the airport.
At the Airport?  Cause we decided at the Airport he hugs the fat, wet Albanian Broad, we...
President's speech.
What is it?
The men and women of Detachment Three-O-Three, with their...
Three-o-three...
I gotta protect the Canadian Horder,
King, King, I got a thing here, a product placement, gonna have a bigger back-end than Hattie McDaniel. Now:
Lots n lotsa cash.  Stay on for Gracie, she'll get you a ticket 
"Back End" ... count on it.
...there gonna be any money in this thing?
W...what?
Ten Days.  There going to be any Back End in this thing?
Well, you could <u>have</u> one, but it'd be a very ineffective war...  We're <u>done</u> in 10 days...
No, King, I need you here <u>yesterday</u>...  How long do I need him for?
You can't have a war without an enemy.
It's a teaser, absolutely right,
...it's a Teaser!
We've just got to hold their interest for ten more days, till the Election.
And get me the Fad King.  No.  Get him First...  We don't need an Act Two?
We don't need an Act Two.
Act Two:  and then, Act Two...
...who is this guy...?
Why would they want that?
"Freedom."
What do we have that they want?
I'm sure they do.
They got to have something that we want.
Because.
...Yoha, Yoha... Yoha.  <i>Why</i> Albania?
It's Miss America, N'you're Bert Parks. 
"The Country Is At War." 
...that's what it is.
Hey, I know that, hey, I'm <u>kidding</u>...  "It's a pageant"
Well, no, well, you couldn't <u>tell</u> any...
Hell, I'd just do it for the <u>hell</u> of having <u>done</u> it, for a story to tell...
And <u>if</u> you never won an Oscar, How'd you like an ambassadorship... 
You know, you're a <u>writer</u>, that's your script.  You're a <u>director</u>...  But if you're the <u>producer</u> ... what did you do?  What did you do?  All you've got is the <u>credit</u>...  Some plaque on the wall...
Yes.  Indeed I did. 
N'it's a crying shame.  But you <u>staged</u> the Oscars...
I never won an Oscar.
It's not "war."  It is a <u>Pageant</u>.  It's a <u>Pageant</u>... Like the Oscars... why we came to <u>you</u>...
...going to War...
How the fuck do <u>we</u> know.  You take my point?
Is that true?
"They Got To Know?"  <u>Stan</u>...?  Get with it.  Who Killed Kennedy...?  I read the first draft of the Warren Report, said he was killed by a Drunk <u>Driver</u>.  You watched the Gulf War.  What did you see?  Day after day, the one "Smart Bomb" falling into a building. The <u>truth</u>, I was in the building when they <u>shot</u> that shot, they shot it in a studio, Falls Church Virginia, 1/10th scale model of a building.
The... 
Who?
Why not?
Why Albania?
It's like being a producer, Mr. Moss.  The Things in Trouble.  Somebody's got to wade in, save the thing.  You get the Actors get up there, and strut and <u>Posture</u>.  But somebody, knows what's what, got to jump in and Save the Thing. 
We remember the slogans, we can't even remember the fucking <u>wars</u>.  Y'know why.  Cause it's <u>show business</u>. That's why I'm here.  Naked girl, covered in Napalm. Five marines Raising the Flag, Mount Suribachi. Churchill, V for Victory, Y'remember the Picture, fifty years from now, they'll have forgotten  the war.  Gulf War?  Smart Bomb, falling through the roof.  2500 missions a day, 100 days, <u>One Shot</u> of One Bomb.  The American people bought that war. M'I getting through to you?  War in the Balkans, don't mean nothing, till some G.I. flyer, went down, Eating Snakes for Ten days. N'then It's show business, Mister Moss.  That's why I'm here.
...uh ... No, that's...
Tippecanoe and Tyler, Too!
That's from the ... it's got to be from the...
Remember the Maine...
Uh, it's a slogan.  From, uh...
Here's the Short Course:  Fifty-Four, Forty or Fight. What does <u>that</u> mean?
I'm gonna <u>tell</u> you why...
I'm a Jew in Show Business.  Why come to me?
Uh, <u>nothing</u>, oh, <u>nothing</u> ... uh... a <u>War</u>, uh...  You're kidding.
What do you think would hold it off?
How you going to stretch it?  This won't hold for eleven days.  Guy fucked a twelve- year-old...whadday're gonna do to hold that off?
String a few together.  All I need's eleven,
Have him say, 'I know we're all concerned for the President, there will he an update at 5:45.'
What do you want the kid to say?
Yeah, hut you can't hold the dam.  How the hell, n'nu'n', I don't get what you want <u>me</u> to ...
If we can hold the break-in-the-dam for ten days, til the election, we...
...holding action.  THEY'RE GOING TO TEAR THIS GUY TO <u>Shreds</u>.
What one has to do, Mr. Moss.  Is to fight a holding action.
Party's gonna need more than a couple bucks now.
I'm here, Mr. Moss, because you've shown yourself a great supporter of the Party.
And you're here <u>why</u>...?
We have some mutual friends in Washington.
Do I know you?
Hold it a minute, Benny, we're going to tweak it a bit.  This may take a while.
It's got to sound like an <u>acetate</u> recording, 1930.
Let's take the bridge from <u>nine</u>, and the intro from <u>one</u>, and...
It's too clean.
Hold it a minute, Benny, willya?
Take ten.
William Schuman.  Old Shoe.  U.S. Army.  Serial number, 21-31-2841-262.
Leave it flat, will you, Ben?
Don't tune it too good.
Tell'em to fly the Inaugural Speech past me.
See y'at the Finish Line.
Going to make a little stop back home, pick up my shirts, show him a little treat.
When do you bring'em back?  Schumann.
He ain't seen <u>nothin'</u> yet.
All part of the Service we Render.
Military Special Programs... <u>Programs</u>... No, I am not Shouting at you, I'm... I'm sorry.  Anyone named <u>Shoe</u> Schumann?  <u>Schuster</u>... uh
...what do you got?
You got a guy, doesn't believe the War is... NO NO NO. An American Serviceman... A brave American Serviceman, is Left <u>Behind</u> ...  He is Left Behind.  He is discarded like an Old Shoe...  Gemme the Pentagon.  List of people in all Military Special Programs.... Left behind.  Like the Old Shoe... Johnny: "Good Old Shoe"... 
It's like those Japanese in the Caves on Okinawa... didn't believe the War was Over.
The Canada Thing was a shuck.  A <u>shuck</u> -- wasted a day. What can you do with Canada?  Bears, mapleleafs, "sugar -on-Snow."  Lays there on the plate like a lox.
We got the guy, we got the guy, we got the Guy!
Why are they ...
Bunny:  I had an idea:  a Slinky, that falls <u>Up</u>...  Naa, we can figure that <u>out</u>.  What I'm wondering:  what do we <u>call</u> it...  You got my number... 
Too Texan.  Go with the stick.  Thanks.  <u>What</u>...? ...does it have to be <u>Albania</u>...We're locked into Albania...why?
I go with this here... 
...what is this?
Headshots.  Girls to play the girl in our footage.  I like the sorrowful one.  Anybody Else....? 
Where are we on the Image?  Grace?  <u>Grace</u>...
...what am I <u>doing</u>?  Do you see me working...?  Here's what you want to do, you want to come out of the box, an item, someone 'ready <u>has</u>, but <u>then</u> you sell it to'em.  Torn <u>jeans</u>, uh ... faded Levi Jackets, uh... uh...
What guards Us Against Canada...?
Keep Talking....
Look, look, look, look, Canada, okay...?  Our neighbor to the North, alla sudden, transformed, into That Place, where, like the North Wind, <u>Terror</u> comes...
Thank God this is America.
British Regiments drape their drums in Leopard Skins.
...I meant the Leopard Skin...
It's a <u>beret</u>...
Well, <u>that</u> ain't very butch, is it?
Leopard Skin...
Black...
The special hats of the Special Anti-terrorist detachment of the Border Patrol.
Shoes, Hats....
We had Davy Crockett hats, but you could <u>crush</u>'em ... you could <u>crush</u>'em, see, when you felt stupid. Crush'em, put em in your Pocket.  You can't put a Mountie hat in your...
We had Davy Crockett hats... They made a fortune.
They look stupid.
Uh...uh... Mounties.  The Mounties Guard The Border. uh... those Mountie Hats.
It can't be a ribbon cause AIDS had a ribbon, cause the Yellow Ribbon thing had a ribbon, cause...
Why can't it be a ribbon?
Fine.  Good.
Yes.
You like it?
Better.
Do it later...  Okay,  now, "The Little Girl," who is she, what is she doing?  She is....she's ...Okay, okay, it's an Albanian village... She is the victim of, she has been <u>relocated</u>, to, to, for the <u>terrorists</u>, the Government Labs...the, the... a <u>staging</u> area for their Atomic workshop.  They're torturing her family, because they have connections in Canada, which would permit the terrorists access to the American Border.
...the pet wrangler suggested it..he's also got a...
I didn't ask for a dog.
No problem.  Here's the...
Can we give'er a <u>kitten</u>?
We-are-mobilizing-to-defend-<u>her</u>.
And what?  What?  She was Driven From Her Home, by Albanian Terrorists.  It is her we are mobilizing to defend... it is "she"?
Public Domain.
No, he's back in Nashville.
Isn't Johnny Green in the... 
...the Suitcase Bomb.  ACT ONE Albania denies it. President comes on the air, "Be Calm."  Okay, now: Good.  Now, Alright.  Act <u>TWO</u>...  I need the following here.  Right now:  Johnnie Green, Liz Butsky, and get me the Fad King.
...one minute:  Demille needs an elephant for a reshoot.
I have the White House on the Line.
Yeah, good good good good good.  And They're <u>So</u> <u>Secret</u>...
They guard our, <u>you</u> know ... "borders," night and day...
Surest thing you know.
Jim Belushi...?
John Belushi... <u>Jim</u> Belushi...
Albania, Albania, Albania, James bond Villains.
I believe in you....
It's tough to rhyme.
Well, there's a lot to be said for that.  And I'm going to show a clip.  You've seen it before, you've seen it <u>many</u> times...  But I'm going to ask you to look at it once more.  With the election one day off, and the President's standing in the polls...
By the  media, by, yes, by, in this case, our organization.
...by you?
Eighty-<u>nine</u> percent favorable, is based not on <u>events</u>...
...as of today, 89% favorable.
Well, you  said it yourself, earlier, and if I may rephrase, that the success of the President, in the Polls...
What would be true, then.
Hey, <u>you're</u> getting the big bucks....  I think we're up-and-running...
I need a ruling on the Hats.  I say a Leopard-skin, and...
...their Leopard Skin Berets....
With their berets...
"...the special detachment..." Good!  What is it?
Cause you can crush it and put it in your pocket.
Why a beret?
A beret.
The hats.
I'm just talking about the Hats.
And one of them is in love with the <u>sister</u> of...
...they have the capacity to Meld into the <u>Woods</u>, and...
Oh huh...
...they... <u>you</u> know...
The Special Anti-Terrorist Detachment of the Border Patrol... what do they <u>do</u>...?
...of kittens...
A wider option of what?
Why...?
Yes. 
...you're gonna Punch in a Kitten Later.
No, no, no.... we'll punch <u>in</u> a kitten.  Um... <u>Later</u>.
Someone's bringing in a kitten...?
Is today Laundry Day...?
...'bout ready to Mix it Up...?
...mmm.
Show some compassion.
...where's my l'il <u>pill</u>?
Come on, you fucking sissy, you think this is tough? Try show-business.  1970-1990, n'ybody I worked with, y'could of bottled their piss n'sold it in the <u>ghettos</u>...  Come on, Pal...
...just want to Get Back to the Beans...
That's right, we'll take a nap.  We'll get you to Washington, we'll get you Back to your Buddies, and...
...gimme some help...
He's not dead, Ronnie.  He's just a little understandab1y, <u>fatigued</u>.  Let's get him to some help...
Just want to take a nap.
...who <u>are</u> you?  Who <u>are</u> you sonofabitches... 
...this is nothing.  This is nothing. D'you ever shoot in <u>Italy</u>?  Try three Italian starlets on Benzedrine, this is a walk in the park...
What the fuck did you <u>mean</u>, "What kind of stuff?"?
Cause the beans, y'know, y'can tell if they're <u>puttin</u> stuff in it.
This is <u>nothing</u>,  Wait'll you've worked with a movie star, one time, this is nothing, we keep him shot-up and happy -- the Old Days, I used to think I was a <u>pharmacist</u>, the kind of stuff I had to do.  One time...
...for the beans, yes...
Long's you git me back for the beans...
Lemme talk to him.  Shoe?  Shoe...?  You in there...?
SUSIE...?  Are you alright...?
Lemme talk to him.  Will?  Shoe?
Susie?  Susie.  Are you alright...?  <u>Susie</u>...
Oh, hell...
How 'bout a Cold Drink...?
Yup.
No, I think it's ... can we see the calico <u>kitten</u>...?
a "pond," or
No, I think..
Is it a <u>stream</u>, or is it a...
Of course, we're gonna need some <u>water</u>, uh...
....beautiful.
Sell it all.  What the hell, so I'll only make ten million.
Fox says Bluestar just hit 23. What do you want him to do?
They don't know what's going on!
Who the hell's out there? What are the arbs saying? It's gotta be a big hitter.
Tell those spineless toads we'll self-insure if they don't write it... You fire 33 vice presidents and nothing changes...  You eating twinkies today, Bud, or are you schtupping some stewardess...
Gordon, the insurance people are balking on the logging trucks...
If I ever need surgery, get me the heart of an arb like Yurovich, it's never been used...Happy Holideals Harold...
What about tipping off Yurovich?
Look Harold, they're vulnerable, alright, but we don't want 'em to think they're under accumulation. Go slow. Call Geneva and the Bahamas for me, will ya? We feint towards it but we wait...
Sounds tempting. I prefer mine with a twist of fate. You know like us meeting. Don't go away...
It's a romantic and tragic drink.
Sounds like a french word, what is it?
Grand Marnier.
I'll grow old. We'll both die. And we'll never have known each other. That's sad. At least one drink for a dreamer...What's your favorite drink?
Oh really.
Look, I know you get approached a lot by dubious men, but I'm different, I never talk to strangers, all my life I've been waiting for the right person to walk across the room... you're that person, you don't know it but I do and if you walk away now I'll never see you again or you me. You'll grow old.
Please, no thanks... 
Hi...can I buy you a drink? I'm celebrating tonight.
No, thank you. I knew the minute I laid eyes on you, you had what it takes Bud. Just keep it going.
Thank you, Janet...thank you, Mr. Lynch.
I'd love to, Mr. Lynch, thank you.
Nice piece of work, Fox. Why don't you join me and the partners for lunch tomorrow in the dining room?
Somebody has to pay for that error. And it's not me.
I don't think you're being fair, sir. You assigned me this guy, and you know he's got a history...
Fox, you're making more problems than you are sales.
Mr. Lynch, I swear to you, he's lying!
If I'm closing out this account. If he doesn't pay for it tomorrow, you pay for it.
Okay, sir. I'll discuss this with the broker and I'll get back to you. You're welcome.
He's lying.
Give me that phone.  Yes, sir, this is the manager. What seems to be the problem?
... That's what you told us to say.
...sounds dubious Chuck, but Piping Rock any day.
So whaddaya say pal, wanna play some doubles at Piping? Meet the membership? I got a little blonde named Mandy, about nineteen, avec cafe au lait boobs... she's mine but she's got a cousin who has great muffins.
...light snack, but good, thanks pal, you're sharking your way up...
...you take that Anacott Steel?
You mean teach you how to play. Can't. Going fly fishing in Canada, big client...
Wanna play some tennis Saturday?
Great Charlie, any better it'd be a sin.
Buddy boy, how ya doing?
...not that you learned anything, Chunk.
...takes years of genetics, pal, and a Yale education... and the right tailor.
...if I had your looks, better.
...still looking for the right 18 year old wife, how you doing, pal?
...hey Chuckie, how's the woman- slayer?
Now! Tell everyone to dump!
Sell?
Start unloading.
The stock's going to Pluto!
Thanks, buddy, buddy, I'm back. Say, Buddy, those optorectomies do work wonders.
I want to make it up to you. Bluestar, put all your clients in it.
I agree. Go thou and sin no more.
Get the hell out!
You know what you need, buddy buddy--an optorectomy. That's when they cut the nerve that runs from your brain to your rectum--to change that shitty attitude of yours.
Then get out and close it behind you.
Hey the door was open.
Didn't I tell you to knock before you came in here?
Hey you hear the news. I just got a job at a new firm: "Dewey, Cheat 'em and Howe." Yuk yuk.
Lynch is giving him the boot... He's not pulling his quota.
What's going on?
Anacott Steel. Buy it.
What the hell...
That's right, next time a little birdie talks to you, talk to me too E.F. Hutton.
All right, I owe you one Marv.
Gimme a break. You buy Bluestar Airlines yesterday. Today they just happen to get good news and the stock goes bat shit. You must have ESP. A real Nostradamus.  Jesus Christ, what are friends for?
Hey Marv, he demanded confidentiality...
Buddy, buddy, some buddy; why didn't you tell me to buy Bluestar.
Marv,  ...I just bagged the elephant!
Got a little action there, eh buddy?
Cindy. Having sex with her is like reading the Wall Street Journal 'cept the Journal don't talk back. 'Sides this AIDS crap is ruining romance, nobody trusts anybody anymore, gotta get a blood test in the toilet before you leave a bar together, somebody oughtta invent an AIDS dipstick, no kidding, make a fortune. I gotta get to work... Z's today. 
Nice guy but a loser. Lost all his equity when his firm went belly up in the recession of 71. you wanna be coming in here in your late sixties still pitching? ... Whatever happened to that cute analyst at Thudder, Wicks? ... Cindy? Susan?
Forget charts! We're not fund managers, Bud, churn 'em and burn 'em. I'm offering you the Knicks and chicks. God save you before you turn into poor Steeples over there.
...gotta read my reports.
...got tickets for the Knicks tonight. Go out and cruise some bimbos afterwards, whaddaya say?
Cheer up buddy buddy. You shook Gekko the Great's hand and you still got all your fingers. He's not the only elephant in the jungle.
Yeah, but he didn't see me.
...well, see him?
Of course he's busy, and so am I. Five minutes. That's all I'm asking. I know that if he could only hear what I have to say... it would change his life.
It concerns his future!
Hello, Natalie -- guess who? That's right, and you know everyday I say to myself, today could be the day... So what do you say... will you marry me? Then please can you get me through to Mr. Gekko?
Buddy, buddy, when ya gonna realize it's big game hunters that bag the elephants, not retail brokers. I heard this story about Gekko... he was on the phone 30 seconds after the Challenger blew up selling NASA stocks short.
Just put me on the institutional side of the room where the real cheesecake is. You forgetting something?
Thanks Marv, I'll make it good to you.  You know what my dream is? One day to be on the other end of that phone...
Hey, things could be worse. It could've been my money. Let me help you out, rookie.
Howard the Jerk reneged on me. I've got to cover his loss to the tune of about seven grand! I'm tapped out man, American Express got a hit man looking for me.
Buddy, buddy, buddy; little trouble, huh, today.
Thanks, Marv, with that I might be able to qualify for welfare.
Looks bearish to me, buddy. You got it all upside down.  Okay, I'm giving this to you and you alone, 'cause I feel sorry for you. Take the Knicks against the Bullets, and my pick of the day -- Duke to beat the spread against Wake Forest.
Joke about it. I was up all night charting these stocks. You want to see this or what?
Yeah, where's your machine gun.
I gotta feeling we're going to make a killing today, Marv.
Maybe that's the price, Bud, maybe so. It's gonna be rough on you but maybe in some screwed up way, that's the best thing that can happen to you...stop trading for the quick buck and go produce something with your life, create, don't live off the buying and selling of others...
Dad, I'm going to jail and you know it.
Yeah, don't want to be late for my own funeral.
I guess it's time to hit the road.
No, thanks, I'm nervous enough.
Another cup of coffee?
You speak for me, son.
Your words, not mine...
Your men! All my life "your men" have been able to count on you? Why is it that you've never been there for me?
I'll be damned that when my men come to me tomorrow morning, wanting to know what's going on, I'm going to lie to them!
Your responsibility, Dad, is to present the facts, not your opinions, to the men... you're gonna destroy their lives, Dad! Don't do it to 'em. Give it a chance. Let the membership decide for themselves, Dad. Please.
...as far as being axed, I'm still here and as long as I am, I have a responsibility not just to me but to the union members I represent...
Boy, if that's what you think, I must've really screwed up my job as a father.
That's because you never had the guts to go out into the world and stake your claim.
What you see, son, is a man who never measured success by the size of a man's wallet.
No, what I see is a jealous old machinist who can't stand that his son's become more successful than himself.
He's got your prick in his back pocket, son, and you're standing naked in the display window of Macy's. He's using you. Only you're too blind to see it.
I met them before you were born.
Dad, you know Duncan Wilmore, pilot's union, and Toni Carpenter, flight attendants...
...gotta run Dad. You stop smoking, you hear?
Yeah, you do that huckleberry. I'll still be here.
Wait... next week's booked. Let me check with my girl and get back to you on Monday.
Whatever night you like.
... Dad, you should've been a CEO. How about dinner?
Problem with money is you never have enough or you got too much -- and when you got it you're never happy 'cause somebody's always trying to take it away from you. Money's one giant pain in the ass y'ask me... thanks.
What do I need a fancy suit for. I don't hobnob with the jet set. I just fix their planes.
Don't worry about the loans. I'm doing good Dad and it's gonna stay that way now... least buy yourself a new suit.
...don't be crazy. Put it to your school loans.
Dividend. I figure I owe you about five thousand in nickels and dimes...
Sure...lots of guys at the track talk like that... but how do you know you'll have any dough next month...  What's this? I gave you two hundred.
Goddamn fare wars are murdering us. Had to lay off five guys. Nothing I could do. What is it... money?
Alright. Why so pissed?
Don't start, alright.
Client. Got a private jet over at Butler Aviation... Dad, you always gotta light up when you see me, it's the...
What brings you out here...
Sure I'm sure. Buddy, you got that mischievous look in your eyes. You used to smile just like that when you were a baby sleeping, just like that.
The FAA announcement.
About what?
You sure about this FAA announcement?
Hey to Bluestar, as your broker all I can advise is hold on to that stock Dad...
Damn right, it gets us out from under suspension. We'll get those new routes to Pittsburgh and Boston and the equipment we need. We're gonna compete with the big boys now.
That's great Dad.
...this drug testing is driving my guys nuts. I got flagged for my blood pressure pills. The only good news is, we just met with the comptroller over some union stuff...'member that crash last summer? and the investigation? Well, the FAA is gonna rule it was a manufacturing flaw in the door latch mechanism. I kept telling 'em it wasn't maintenance, it was those goddamn greedy manufacturers out in Cincinnati. And I was right.
...Work okay?
...same, pain in the ass, god bless her, talks too much... gonna take her to Florida next month... west coast, near Tampa, like to get out for good, but can't afford it.
How's Mom?
... it adds up Buddy, 300 here, 200 there. Your brother never...  ...well, I always said money is something you need in case you don't die tomorrow...
Not in here Dad... please. Later.
...Got a 100 on me, you...
Can you spare three hundred? Pay you back next month, promise.
It's yourself you've got to be proud of, Huckleberry, how much ya need?
It's Queens, Dad and a 5% mortgage and you rent the top room--I gotta live in Manhattan to be a player, Dad. There's no nobility in poverty anymore, y'know. One day you're going to be proud of me, you'll see... 
So come home and live rent free, 'stead of that cockroach palace you live in. $50,000 Jesus Christ, the world is off its rocker. I made $37,000 last year and you...
50 K don't get you to first base in the Big Apple, Dad, not any more. I pay 40% in taxes, I got a rent of 15,000, I got school loans, car loans, food, park my car costs me 3 bills a month, I need good suits, that's $500 a pop, shoes...
I don't get it, you get a scholarship to NYU, you get 35,000 the first year, and 50 last year, where the hell is it?
Dad, it takes time. You gotta build a customer list. I'm doing it. I could make more money in one year as a broker than five years at the airline.
You get on the phone and ask strangers for their money, right? You're a salesman.
Look Dad, I'm not a salesman. How many times I gotta tell you I'm an account executive, and pretty soon I'm going to the investment banking side of the firm.
you coulda stayed at Bluestar and been a supervisor in instead of going customer relations by now, 'stead of going off and bein' a salesman.
Coulda been a contender.
I told you not to go into that racket. You could've been a doctor or a lawyer,
D.K. -- didn't know -- who I was when the options he bought took a bath. He reneged on me.
Speak English will ya.
Ah, I had a tough day. Some jerk D.K'd me and I gotta cover his loss.
... looks like you grown another inch... but you don't look so hot, getting bags under your eyes, starting to look old like me.
It's called pasta now Dad, spaghetti's out of date.
...leave me alone willya. Only thing makes me feel good anymore. Spaghetti. She makes lousy spaghetti...
...have a nice day Mr. Stone.  ... Mr. Gekko, the conference call is ready. Mr. Sugarman and Mr. Lorenzo in Delaware. Mr. Bernard in Los Angeles. Mr. Jackson and Ms. Rosco in London. They're all on.
...thanks Natalie.
Stay here, I'll see what I can do.
It's in the bible, see. You better go buy him a present. Please, Natalie. Let me give him the gift; Cuban cigars--Davidoff, his favorite and hard to get.
First of all, Mr. Fox, you can't just come barging in here. And what makes you think it's his birthday?
...And you're even lovelier than I pictured. I brought a birthday present for Mr. Gekko.
What are you doing here?
Hello, Natalie, you recognize the voice? I'll give you a hint, you're thinking seriously about marrying me...
Good. Then call him back. And call me back. Don't worry.
I don't know anything!
Yes! Read the Constitution, it's all in there. And remember--you don't know anything, nothing.
You sure?
They won't. That's not their jurisdiction.
What if they call him?
Tell 'em your father gave it to you.
What if he asks where I got the money?
Look Dixon, calm down! It's not illegal to buy stock or to be right. And it's not all that unusual to be spot checked on a big buy. Tell him you did your homework and you thought the stock was a sound investment.
I told him I was in the bathroom and I'd call him right back. What the hell was I supposed to say Buddy, you got me into...
What'd you tell him?
...this guy who said he was from the Security Exchange Commission, whatever the hell that is, calls and wants to ask me about that stock I bought...
No, no Dixon, my client wants to buy a large, large block of stock and needs to spread it around. I'll park some money in your account and if it hits, you get a big cut. I'm telling you, this is the easiest money you ever made...
Sure, and I'm never gonna die either, is this one of your chain letter schemes or do I gotta buy a door to door cosmetic franchise in Northern Arkansas?
It's ready to take off. I'd jump all over it if I were you.
So you're hot on this stock?
Rising profits...strong balance sheets, good earnings per share.
Let's see, it closed at uh, 41 1/8...  Up a quarter...very attractive... about average yield...
I got this guy who should know tells me buy Hewlitt Packard but I been burned on tips. What do you think Bud?
Like? Uh...hmmm. Well...
Want some?  Gordon tells me you're a very talented broker. What do you like?
Wherever you like, Lutece, 21, the River Cafe...or maybe we can just drive around for a while.  Work up an appetite.
So, where are we going?
We are?
Didn't he tell you?  That's so like Gordon. Get dressed, we're going out.
Lisa. Gordon? Oh, Mr. Gekko. Sure. Would you, uh, like to come in?
Hello Bud, I'm Lisa, a friend of Gordon's.
You're just the President of the company, what do you know? ... Come on.
He never told me...
Gekko asked us into the Bluestar deal. We're reviewing the timetables, wanna come?
Sure Roger, whatever you want, it's cool.
Alright... I just wanna slow down Bud... no more calls for awhile, no lunches... we suspend our business, alright...
....Relax Roget  You're 82M in the account numbers and I'm the Invisible Man... they're always looking for red flags, Gekko's always getting checked by them, they never come up with anything... we're invulnerable on this...
...got a strange call from the SEC. They asked to see my records... Bud, this is a heavy...
So what's the problem?
All right, Bud... let's do it.
...and you don't have to put up a dime, Roger.
Too much to do...but I'll walk you out.
More money than you ever dreamed, Roger. And the thing is no one gets hurt...how bout a beer?
...and if I did, what's in it for moi?
Relax, Roger, everybody's doing it but you don't know, you don't know.
Yeah, right...
Who's listening? It's just one college buddy talking to another.
Come on Buddy, you wouldn't want to got me disbarred now would you?
What about you, I hear you guys are handling the Fairchild Foods merger and it may not be going through. Any surprises I haven't read about in the Wall Street Journal?
Okay.
Yeah, check out Teldar Paper, it's still not over.
So, does "this guy" have a tip for an honest lawyer?
"What are you thinking?"...that was it. The hours are hell, but the money's starting to tumble in. I know this guy who's got an iron- clad way to make money, I can't lose and I can't get hurt.
What was that?
Nah, she asked the wrong question.
Can't complain. Got a house in Oyster Bay. Market treating you good? Still seeing that sexy French gal?
Well we're thinking of putting up a statue of you in the subway. I hear you're moving up in the world. An associate already. Not bad. How's Margie?
Fox, Bud D. is this deja vu or has it really been a year. You're not hitting me up for NYU are you?
You sandbagged me on Bluestar.  I guess you think you taught the teacher a lesson, that you can make the tail wag the dog, huh?
Gordon.
Hello Bud.
Dump it.
Gordon, it's two minutes to close. What do you want to do?! Decide.
Are you with me Buddy?
...I can't make it tonight.
Believe me, Buddy, I was gonna discuss this with you at the right time. Look, why don't you calm down and come to the apartment for dinner tonight. Bring Darien...
Obviously...
The richest one percent of this country owns half the country's wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds of it comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulation to widows and idiot sons and what I do -- stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. Ninety percent of the American people have little or no net worth. I create nothing; I own. We make the rules, Buddy, the news, war, peace, famine, upheaval; the cost of a paper clip.  We pull the rabbit out of the hat while everybody else sits around their whole life wondering how we did it...  ...you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy are you, Buddy? It's the free market. You're one of us now...take advantage of it. You got the killer instinct, kid, stick with me. I got things to teach you...
How much is enough Gordon?
Buddy, it's not a question of enough. It's a zero sum game, sport. Somebody wins and somebody loses. Money itself isn't lost or made, it's simply transferred from one perception to another. Like magic. That painting cost $60,000 10 years ago. I could sell it today for $600,000. The illusion has become real. And the more real it becomes, the more desperately they want it. Capitalism at its finest.
Tell me, Gordon--when does it all end? How many yachts can you waterski behind? How much is enough?
It's all about bucks, kid, the rest is conversation...  Bud, you're still going to be president. And when the time comes, you'll parachute out a rich man. With the money you're going to make, your father won't have to work another day in his life.
If these people lose their jobs, nowhere to go. My father worked at Bluestar for twenty-four years. I gave 'em my word.
Because it's wreckable. I took another look and I changed my mind.
Why do you need to wreck this company?
You're walking around blind without a cane, sport. A fool and his money are lucky to get together in the first place.
Maybe you ought to read him Pinocchio. You told me you were going to turn Bluestar around. Not upside down. You used me.
Last night I read Rudy the story of Winnie the Pooh and the Honey pot. Know what happened: he stuck his nose in that honey pot once too often and got stung.
I found out about the garage sale down at Bluestar. Why?
What the hell do you want?
I'm sorry, this can't wait.
I didn't know we had a meeting schedule for this morning.
Sure. What's worth doing is worth doing for money. It's a bad bargain where nobody gains. And if this deal goes through, we all gain.
Now, wait a minute, Dad...
A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Fox.
And I'd like to introduce you to Mr. Gekko, and his lawyer, Mr. Salt.
Alright... Susan, get Buckingham on the box. I want him to look at it. And tell Jock Taylor at Thwick, Jensen...  So sport, the falcon has heard the falconer...tell me more...
I can talk to these people Gordon, they trust me...and my father can be a big help in getting cuts.
What makes you think you can?
The three unions. It's 43% of Bluestar's operating budget, the hourly cost of a flight crew is $850 an hour, that's the real hidden value G.G., if you can negotiate that out, get a crew down to $350-400 an hour a run, this airline is gonna be the hottest thing since Texas Air...
What does that mean?
Gordon, I worked at Bluestar, I know my way around, I have friends there...inside.
I'm talking to a stockbroker who wants to run an airline. It's gonna take me two years and 2000 headaches to turn Teldar Paper around, what do I need this dink airline for? I'm up to my ass in more nuts than a fruitcake.
Gordon what I want--and I never asked you for anything--is to be your co-pilot on this. I want to take this airline, turn it around, and make it work. It's gonna make us a fortune!
Yeah aren't you forgetting something Gordon: rule one, capital reserves. This company has $75 million cash in an overfunded pension. That buys us a lot of credibility...  ...and the beauty is you already own close to two percent of this sucker...
Mixed emotions, Buddy: like Larry Wildman going off a cliff in my new Maserati. Men as smart as myself have got their asses handed to them on a sling with the airlines, fuel could go up, unions are killers...
I think I got some friends that won't mind making some easy money...
The art of which is deception. Spread the buy orders through different accounts and you won't get burned...
Close to two million.  But this sucker can go all the way to Devon and the nationals.
How much?
Got him at an auction in Kentucky.
Yeah, I'm gonna make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gonna make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up call. Go to work.
...Gordon.
You don't understand. I want to be surprised...astonish me, sport, new info, don't care where or how you get it, just get it... My wife tells me you put a move on Darien. Here's some inside info for you. That Euroflash GQ guy she's going with's got big bucks but he's putting her feet to sleep. Exit visas are imminent. So don't lose your place in line.  Oh, jeez, I wish you could see this. The lights coming up over the water. I've never seen a painting that captures the beauty of the ocean at this moment.  ...an old Russian proverb - "a fisherman always sees another fisherman from afar." I like you sport, I ever tell you that... Gordon, call me Gordon from now on.
Mr. Gekko, I'm there for you 110%.
Money never sleeps pal. When I came in in '69, they traded six hours a day, now the clock don't stop, London's deregulated, the Orient is hungrier than us. Just let the money circle the world, sport, buying and selling, and if you're smart it comes back paying. I just made $800,000 in Hong Kong gold. It's been wired to you -- play with it. You done good, but you gotta keep doing good. I showed you how the game works, now school's out.
You're learning, sport...
"All warfare is based on deception..." Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight... if not, split and reevaluate.
He's right. I had to sell. The key to the game is your capital reserves. You don't have enough, you can't pee in the tall weeds with the big dogs.
But we don't want to be greedy now, so let's let him have it at $72.
The break up value is higher. It's worth 80.
Stick around... Larry, one of my "gang" -- Bud Fox.
I guess I'll head back...
Allright. Wait here...
Sorry, Mr. Gekko.
...Can't it wait? I'm good for it.  ...Awright. Come out, get the directions from Natalie and hurry up.
My firm needs your signature on these option agreements tonight, sir, otherwise we could take a real bath tomorrow.
You're walking between the raindrops kid. I expect Sir Larry is choking on his royal chamber pot by now.
...we have 37.2 million invested. At this point, we're up 3.1 million and some change. If it goes to 75 bucks we can clean close to 12 mill.
I'll be right there, fix them a drink.
Don't expect to get it all, sport, you'll burn out. First rule of business is never get emotional about stock, clouds the judgment. Where do we stand?
I got all I could get which was 750,000 shares plus 5000 March 50 calls. Average price of $47 a share And $4 per contract for the call. I just wish I could've got more.
What about it? You work hard. I'll bet you stayed up all night analyzing that dog you bought. And where'd it get you?... my father worked hard too like an elephant pushing electrical supplies. And he dropped dead at 49 with a heart attack and a tax bill and the bank pissed on his grave and took the house; my mom ended up working in a dish factory... Wake up pal, if you're not inside you're outside. And I'm not talking a $200,000 a year working Wall Street stiff flying first class and being "comfortable", I'm talking rich pal, rich enough to fly in your own jet, rich enough not to waste time, 50-100 million, a player Bud -- or nothing. You had what it takes to let through my door. Next question: You got what it takes to stay...??
What about hard work?
Inside information. Oh you mean like when a father tells his son about a court ruling on an airline? Or someone overhears me saying I'm gonna buy Teldar Paper? Or the chairman of the board of XYZ suddenly knows it's time to blow out XYZ. You mean that?  I'm afraid sport, unless you got a father on the board of directors of another company, you and I are gonna have a hard time doing any business...
Follow him? Mr. Gekko I...  It's not what I do. I could lose my license. If the SEC found out, I could go to jail. It's inside information, isn't it?
Wildman's in town. He just became an American citizen. Something big's about to go down. I want to know where he goes and who he sees. I want you, sport, to give me the missing half of the picture...
I don't understand.
Revenge is a dish best served cold... well, it's payback time, sport.  ... see that building? I bought into it ten years ago. It was my first real estate deal. I sold it a couple of years later and made an $800,000 dollar profit. It was better than sex. At that time I thought that was all tne money in the world...  Now, it's a day's pay ... I had a mole in Wildman's employ. Gave me half the picture, then he got fired...
I remember that deal. You were involved?
Sir Larry Wildman. Like all Brits he thinks he was born with a better pot to piss in... bribed an old secretary of mine to open bar mouth and stole RDL Pharmaceuticals right out from under me. Wildman the white knight.
'Course. Larry Wildman. One of the first raiders.
Know the name?
Yes...
The most valuable commodity I know of is information. Wouldn't you agree on that?
What? How do you know about my father?
I guess your father's not a union representative on that company.
Uh, Mr. Gekko, we took a little loss today. We got stopped out on Tarafly...  ...about 50 thousand.
Yeah... not bad for a City College boy. Bought my way into this club and now every one of these ivy league schmucks is sucking my kneecaps...I just got on the Board of the Zoological Society, cost me a million; that's the thing with WASPS -- they like animals but they can't stand people!
Nice club, Mr. Gekko...
...finish out the game, Bud, push yourself...
Mr. Gekko, I don't think I can...go on.
...come on sport, you gotta try harder, I need some exercise for chrissake...
Excuse me sir.
...put the rest of it in a money market account for now. I want to see what you know before I invest it...and save the cheap salesman talk, it's obvious.
Mr. Gekko -- thank you for the chance. You won't regret this, you're with a winner.
Sure...relax sport, no one's gonna blow a whistle. Here, is this legal?...you wanna put it in my account?
No sir, that would've been illegal...
Teldar's shooting up. Buy any for yourself? Bet you were on the phone two minutes after you got out of my office.
Bluestar was at 21 and an eighth when I left the office. It might spin up to 25 by the bell...
...for my kid Rudy -- 3 years old, electronics freak, got a liquid crystal display 'stead of an electronic beam. We're going into a new age pal. So how's business today.
...I can't even see it...
See this? Can you believe it? Two inch screen...
Nice to see you again Mr. Gekko.
Hi sport.
Bud Fox, I look at a hundred ideas a day. I choose one.
My home number's on the back...
I know...the decision'll clear the way for new planes and route contracts. There's only a small float out there, so you should grab it. Good for a five point pop.
How do you know?
There was a crash last year. They just got a favorable ruling on a lawsuit. Even the plaintiffs don't know.
...don't like airlines, lousy unions...
A comer. 80 medium-body jets. 300 pilots, flies northeast, Canada, some Florida and Caribbean routes... great slots in major cities...
...rings a bell somewhere. So what?
It's a dog, what else you got, sport, besides connections at the airport?
Chart break-out on this one here...uh Whitewood-Young Industries...low P.E. Explosive earnings. 30% discount from book. Great cash flow. Coupla 5% holders. Strong management.
So whatta you got for me, sport? Why are you here?
Can't tell you that, Mr. Gekko.
...A cosmetics company by any chance? What are you, the 12th man on the deal team? The last to know?
...Yeah, and we're working on some other interesting stuff.
...going places, good junk bond department, you got the financing on that Syndicam deal.
Jackson, Steinem...
So what firm you with, pal?
I just want to let you know Mr. Gekko I read all about you at NYU Business, and I think you're an incredible genius and I've always dreamed of only one thing -- to do business with a man like you...
Within 45 seconds, a microprocessor computes your systolic and diastolic pressure. Has an LCD readout, and it's cost effective -- less than one visit to the doctor.
Oh no, no...
So what s on your mind kimosabe? Why am I listening to you? Got to monitor my blood pressure, so whatever you do, don't upset me.
So you say. Nice to meet you; hope you're intelligent. Like these, how'd you get these? 
How do you do Mr. Gekko. I'm Bud Fox.
I figure a guy who's made some mistakes should be able to understand a girl who's made some of her own...
Why?
Hi.
Get the hell out!
You may not believe this Bud but I really do care for you. I think we could've made a good team...but that's how it goes...
I'm looking...and I sure don't like what I see.
You're not exactly pure Bud, you went after Gekko with the same vengeance you went after me. Look in the mirror before...
You really mean that?  What'd he promise you? To take you public? I guess without Gordon's money and seal of approval, I'm not such a hot investment anymore. You're just the best money can buy, Darien...
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
I'm not looking to just survive. I've been doing that all my life.
I can stay with the brokerage firm. And you're doing fine. We can survive without Gordon Gekko.
Are you mad! Why are you doing this! We're so close, the town is going to be ours. Don't throw away your future Bud!
At least I wouldn't be pulling the trigger.
Don't cross Gordon. He'll crush you. You've worked hard to get where you are. If Gordon doesn't buy Bluestar someone else will; and who's to say they won't do the same thing.
I'm not gonna let it happen Darien.
Buddy, it's not your fault, and it's not your decision.
Talk about being bent over the sink of life and being dry humped. I handed it to him on a silver platter. I told my father and those people...
I'm sorry. I was afraid something like this could happen.
Fear. The fear of being poor I guess, just like you, Darien... But that's all gonna change sweetheart. I'm catching the express...  ... and you're going along for the ride.
So did I, till I hit 19 and found I had all the royal habits and no throne. Mom got by but I had to go to work just like you. Only the skills I had were shopping and making friends. So...that's why I do what I do, what makes you tick, Buddy?
...that changes all my plans, I thought you were loaded...
You're so naive Bud, you don't even know. Your dad took care of you. I might've been rich when I was a kid...but my father lost all his money...in the seventies, in the stock market, at the track. He was a lousy gambler...
Sure, why not, money's the sex of the 80's. I never had it like you when I was growing up, baby, it wasn't the upper east side.
Get in bed. Y'ever hear of the sixty hour work week? You're turning into a yuppie Frankenstein, you love money so much.
I love you, baby. Did I tell you that sometime in the last 24 hours?
You think I'm gonna broker the rest of my life... I'm going to be a giant, Darien, an entrepreneur in the Italian 15th century sense of the word -- a mover, shaker.
...are you going to trade all night again? You got to go to work in a couple of hours.
Bud, I hate to tell you this but you're a genius!  Darien...lightning has struck! The lightbulb has been invented. Edison, Da Vinci, Einstein are watching...
I'll let you know.
It's not me I'm worried about...You know Darien, the only reason we haven't slept together is because we both know we will -- and not knowing when was the only surprise left. You owe me, I want you, what else is there...but you, me, the world.  ...right here...make love to me...now...  Stop me if I'm going too far.
Do you think you're ready?
That's right -- one with high yield, rich assets and no downside...
You got it all charted out don't you, like a stock projection.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, we're still young, Darien. So what's money anyway when everybody's making it, it's all relative. After all, this is not the house in Connecticut, this is just a crash pad good for a couple of years...before we slip our two lovely kids, Yuppie and Fruppie into the Lycee Francaise.
Let's get things straight, Bud. I'm not going to take a cut. I worked hard and you can't decorate a room in New York for less than $100,000. Curtains alone...
Sure... But your fee... considering you're way over budget, should be negotiable.
I'll bet he's got an opinion on the stock market too. This apartment is already ahead of its time. I call it the "demolished" look. They've already heard about it at House and Garden and they're coming next week to photograph it before it gets... lived in. Is that alright? I'd love to have it in my portfolio.
You know, the elevator man couldn't believe I paid $300,000 to have my walls looking like this, he's got them for free in Brooklyn.
...too perfect...let's not even eat. Let's just watch it and think about it. 
...isn't it perfect!
You're not trouble by any chance. Are you?
I don't.
Well, why stop at that?
...a Turner, a perfect canary diaiaond... a Lear jet... world peace... the best of everything...
And what do you want?
You have modest wants. I like that in a man.
The conference, oh yeah. Fine. We reached an agreement and decided to divide up the world between us.
So, how did your conference go with Gordon?
Yeah, almost...
If I could have anything... this would almost do.
How would I know? I once bet a horse. He went out at ten to one and came in at quarter to five.
He's not a racehorse, Bud, he's a jumper.
Devon? He looks like Seattle Slew. What about the Triple Crown?
Only if I want something bad enough.
You really do believe in destiny?
So. See you Friday.
You may call me a yuppie... It's Mister Yuppie to you.
I guess this must be destiny alright. My first yuppie apartment and...  my first yuppie.
Break it.
What if I have a previous engagement?
Oh it's just a rental. I'm moving to the East Side soon. I've got a couple of deals brewing with Gordon.  but that's just conversation... what about real things? Like dinner. The two of us. Friday. Cafe. Santo Domingo.
Oh really. Home of the exposed brick wall and the  houseplant.
Upper West Side.
Where is it?
Well, if you're that good, you could probably do wonders at my place.
You got it, a great spender of other people's money.
I gather you're a decorator.
Not really. I'd say that Gordon is one of the most astute collectors around. He has a great eye and he only buys the best. Like this rug for instance, a silk Tabriz, the finest of its kind. The day after he bought it in London, a dealer representing the Saudi Royal Family offered him twice what he paid. It absolutely makes the room. See how this little bit of celadon in the border is picked up in the cushions oh the sofa... although...  I don't know if I would have used that tea dipped linen for the upholstery - too dingy. And it's a sacrilege having that Pre-Columbian pot in the center of the coffee table. Some dope might use it as an ashtray.
Boy, I thought Gordon was a tough businessman, but somebody's really taking him to the cleaners here.
Sure you could, in Wildwood, New Jersey. If you sold this,  you could have a pretty nice penthouse on Fifth. But you wouldn't have much left over for decoration.
You could have a great beach house for that.
Oh really?  Well, I guess you can kiss that career as an art appraiser goodbye, because we paid over four hundred thousand for it at the contemporary picture sale last June.
...few thousand dollars down the drain if you ask me.
I'd give anything to have this in my house, even for a week.
Stock broker. As in: never have so few done so little for so much. So what do you see in this?
Aha. Poet or philosopher?
Destiny took us apart, but I knew it would bring us back together.
Oh yes, I remember you.
Grand Marnier. A romantic and tragic drink.
Excuse me.
Hello again, I been holding these drinks for us for the last three weeks.
Oh Christ!
He had a heart attack, hon, but he's okay, he's at the hospital...
...Janet get my father on the phone and the two other union reps, urgent...
Bud! Where you been the last two days?
...how do you know? You wish...
You were never that innocent sugarpie.
Any better and I'd be guilty.
Morning Buddy, you look happy.
Great Carolyn, doing any better would be a sin...
How you doing Buddy?
...just kickin' ass and taking names, Mr. Mannheim.
You're on a roll kiddo. Enjoy it while it lasts -- 'cause it never does.
It's a winner Mr. Mannheim, trust me -- buy. 
Can't get a little bit pregnant, Bud.
You're right, Mr. Mannheim, but you gotta get to the big time first, then you can be a pillar and do good things.
No such thing Bud - 'cept death and taxes. Not a good company anymore, no fundamentals. What's going on Bud? Do you know something?  Remember there're no short cuts son, quick buck artists come and go with every bull market but the steady players make it through the bear markets.  You're part of something here, Bud. The money you make for people creates science and research jobs. Don't sell that out.
Mr. Mannheim, got a sure thing.  Anacott Steel.
Old values. Buy.
Now that's a crap company, sure you'll make money on the takeover rumor, but what's being created. Nothing. No substance behind it.
Sleep with me and the secrets of the West are yours.
Jesus, can't make a buck in this market, country's going to hell faster than when that sonofabitch Roosevelt was around... too much cheap money sloshing around the world. The biggest mistake we ever made was letting Nixon get off the gold standard. Putney Drug--you boys might want to have a look at it.
You got a look in your eye, Mr. Mannheim... You got something for the small fry...
...that "scum" built this company up from one plane in thirty years, they made something out of nothing, and if that's a scum I'll take one over a rat any day...
Fine, if you don't want us, stay with the scum in present management--dedicated to running you and Bluestar into the ground.
No, it's a prophecy. The rich have been doing it to the poor since the beginning of time. The only difference between the Pyramids and the Empire State Building is that the Egyptians didn't have unions.  I know what this guy is about-- greed--he's in and out for the buck and he don't take prisoners. He don't give a damn about Northstar or us ...
I beg your pardon. Is that a proverb?
There came into Egypt a Pharoah who did not know.
Frankly, Carl, I can't see giving much more. If you have any suggestions I'll be glad to listen.
Harold, you don't mind strolling around the block a couple hundred times, do you?
I thought this was an informal meeting. What's he doing here?
Ooh ooh, tough talk from a scared little girl all wrapped in a pretty grown-up package. Does this mean you're ready to cut the umbilical cord and step out into the world on your own? Because, Darien, if you're through with me, you're through with everything I'm a part of.
You're really twisted, Gordon. You're incapable of giving to anybody because deep down inside you there's a poverty that every last dollar in the world won't fill.
You and I are the same, Darien. We're smart enough not to buy into the oldest myth running: love... A fiction created by people who got nothing to keep them from jumping out of windows.
Maybe it does. Don't patronize me Gordon.
Come on, we both like Buddy. But this bleeding heart puppy love act is over the top... It doesn't fit.
I can't...and I won't.
Don't worry Sunshine. Bud and I had a little talk. We came to an understanding.  I want you to go back to him. Soothe him. Help keep his head straight. Okay?
Because I don't want to see him hurt.
Now tell me, why would I want to do that?
I want to ask you a big favor, Gordon. Please drop the Bluestar deal.
No, are you crazy? And I don't want him ever to know. Do you understand?...
You told him about us?
It's over you, Gordon.
Sorry to hear that. I thought the kid had staying power.
It's not puppy love, Gordon. Anyway, Buddy and I are splitting up.
So what's the problem Sunshine? You look like Black Thursday. Bad case of puppy love?
Can't blame me for trying. You look as beautiful as that painting I just bought.
Those days are over, Gordon. They were over a long time ago.
What do you say we go get a suite at the Carlyle? Caviar? Champagne? Celebrate, just like the old times Sunshine.
Rip their throats out and put them in your garbage compactor.  Interesting. You got a card?
And, I'm pretty sure we got the Beezer Brothers out of Tulsa coming in with us and I'm working on the Silverberg boys in Canada.
Hey, the Terminator! Blow 'em away Ollie.
... just got 250,000 shares at 18 1/4 from Janson, think I'll pull twice that at 18 1/2 outta the California pensions. We got close to half a million shares in the bag.
He's flowing, Gordo. Piece of cake.
He respond to the offer? What? What the hell's Cromwell doing giving lecture tours when his company's losing 60 million a quarter? I guess he's giving lectures on how to lose money...if this guy opened a funeral parlor, no one would die, this turkey's totally brain dead...Well Christmas is over and business is business.  Keep buying. Dilute the sonofabitch. Ollie I want every orifice in his body flowing red.
You got it, G.G.
Yeah, Billy, who's your buyer?... No, not interested.  Ollie, start calling a the institutions, start with Marx at Janson Mutual, then Reardon. Get me that California retirement money, baby! And we're on our way!
Done. You'll hear from my lawyers. 8 a.m. Good night.
Considering you brought my mother into it, $71.50.
I could break you, mate, in two pieces over my knees, you know it, I know it, I could buy you six times ever, I could dump the stock just to burn your ass but I happen to want the company and I want your block of shares. I'm announcing a tender offer at 65 tomorrow, and I'm expecting your commitment.
You must be wearing a mask you're laughing so hard behind it Larry. Let's cut the "sir" crap. Correct me if I'm wrong, but when you took CNX Electronics, you laid off 8,000 workers, Jessmon Fruit about 6,000, that airline...
No. This time I'm in for the long term. This is not a liquidation, Gordon. I'm going to turn it around. You're getting a free ride on my tail, mate, and with the dollars you're costing me to buy back the stock, I could modernize the plant. I'm not the only one who pays here Gordon. We're talking about lives and jobs; three and four generations of steel workers...
The same interest as yours Larry. Money. I thought it'd be a good investment for my kid...
Congratulations but rarer still is your interest in Anacott Steel.
Rarest pistol in the world, Larry, a .45 Luger. Only six were ever manufactured.
We'll take our chances.  Nice to see you again, Mr. Gekko.
Listen, you clowns, there's somebody else out there trying to buy your airline, if you want to be Pac-manned and gobbled by Atilla the Hun be my guest!
You guys must know something nobody else knows. If those are my plans, it's the first I've heard of it.
We know what you're up to, Gekko, and let me tell you this from here,  you suck eggs, mister, over my dead body you ain't gonna break up Bluestar.
If you mean what you say, I think we're in the ball park. I'll take it to my people.
Cards are on the table. What do you think?
I'll have a letter of agreement drawn up within two days.
Are you prepared to put that in writing?
Cause I have a way around all this, a way we can all make money and make this airline profitable again. What do you say we cut to the chase. I'm asking for a modest twenty percent across-the-board wage cut.
With all due respect, Mr. Gekko, what's to prevent you from doing the same thing?
A body.  I mean we're talking major body
What's that?
But he still has something Mark hasn't.
But?
So why are you dating Jonathan?
Yeah 
Yeah, yeah, OK
Doctor? Lawyer? CHINA Lawyer, Doctor, I don't care.
Businessman!
Businessman?
Yes, I'm sure.  What I need is an older man, something with class, a  little style. Someone who knows how to treat a lady.
He did?
Oh I don't give a shit the guy's a slob.  He doesn't even know how to spell  `lady' let alone treat me like one.  You know the last time we went out he  actually made me pay for a drink?
He still likes you
With Mark?
I saw the greatest movie with mark last night
China.  What happened? CHINA Shhh.  It's ok.  I missed you so much.
Oh Mark.  It's ok.  It's ok.
Ok toots, I will.
Well if you're in such a rush darling, why don't you lead the way?
Suffer?  We're living in America.
Yeah well why should I suffer for that?
I'm sorry I'm not that good at languages ok?
A little what? CHINA See.  You don't even speak French.
Right. CHINA I need a taking care of,  not `hey how bout a pizza after class babe'.  I'm looking  for something just a little more in a man.  A little `je nes se qua'.
Us is over.  You had your chance you blew it.
About what?  About us.
We need to talk. CHINA Yeah about what?
It's eleven forty-five let's go
Anybody want another drink?
Just give it a break China ok? CHINA Jeez.  Can't even take a joke
Well that's for me to know - but I did enjoy rubbing oil all over that big.
Are you sure you wouldn't like a closer look?
Yes, I guess you're right
It's all rather morbid though isn't it?
Would you like a closer look?
Hmm.
Yes, it's always been one of my favorites too.
Hi
Weird and tiny huh?
Too late for that sir.  Give my love to the misses.  Get those bastards!
Jenkins.  Can I get you some help?
Good evening sir.
Jenkins!
We're all here, and ready sir!
Have a nice day  sir
Uh, not today Jenkins, I need the fresh air
Will you be wanting your wheels today sir?
Allow me sir
Thank you
And uh, your nicotine sir
Thank you
And your coff - excuse me, caffeine sir
Thank you Jenkins
Your books Master Loftmore
You don't happen to have the address do ya?
Can I give her a message?
A party at a waxwork huh?
She went to a waxwork party
No?
No Jonathan.
Hello, Mrs. Webster.  Is China there?
Hello?
Vell.  Goodnight.
Tony and China?
They seemed, closing by much 
Two of your friends left earlier MARK Uh huh.
Uh yes, thank you.  It was quite enjoyable.
I hope you enjoyed your visit.
Uh, wrong picture Tony.
Velcome to ve Vaxverk.
Go away.
Sarah listen to me.
China
Well, it all started when a friend and I
Well.   .this, is Mr. Lincoln.  And that's the man I saw at the waxwork.
Well?
Who's is all this?
If my mother caught me up here she'd kill me.
Big deal!
You don't understand.  I recognized his face now come on.
Oh that explains everything.
Listen Sarah, I think I know what's going on ok.  I went to the waxwork today.I met this man.
You aren't sick! We've got to get back.  What are you doing!
A little?
Ok, so maybe I was a little over emotional.
That's not what you said last night.
No, no James, it's not like that.  Tony and China, they're just friends.
No I'm serious.  It's. it's just I don't know I. I'm looking for something else.
Come on.
I don't know.  I really like you and I think you're very attractive.
No Mark. MARK Why not?
I know what you mean.
Like her?  I don't know if I ever liked her.  It's just you want what you can't get.
Then why do you still like her?
I'm not kidding.  I want to get out of here - now, ok.
Wooo.  Jealously rearing its ugly head.
What?  Tony and China, together?
Getting scared?  Don't worry, they've probably just gone home.
I've always wondered why someone would believe in something like that.
Haven't we been doing our homework.
This. is killer.
Must be what we came for. The four stand slowly and enter through the doors, which close behind them.  They begin walking around  the WAXWORKS, which appear gruesome. The first they spy is of a high school student with a letter  jacket on the verge of being hacked with an axe by and angry woodsman.  They give each other looks of  disgust and continue on.  The next is of a Frankenstein-esque creature carrying a woman in its arms.  The  four are now roaming around the WAXWORKS individually, with TONY encountering what appears to be  a tribal INDIAN pointing a knife towards a victim.  MARK walks past a circus cart with some sort of werebeast inside, and then continues on to a staircase exhibit with a dead woman at the base of it.  On the  staircase is a zombie-fied creature.  We see CHINA walking on the other side of a bandage wrapped man  pumping gasoline into a woman's mouth.  Finally, we see TONY walking up to a cottage room display.
This time I really don't see anyone man.
Right behind you.
Anyone else not coming?
Right.
Safety in numbers man.
Guys, if I'm going to play the hero at least give me a little room.
Forget her Mark, she's a bitch
I can't believe she went out with that monster last night
Maybe before the event, never after.
Can this be stopped?
Doing what? SIR WILFRED Tipping the scales.  Ruining that delicate balance between good and evil.  I think  that our Mr. Lincoln has found a very effective way of doing it.  There's a  voodoo belief that by making a wax effigy of an evil being, containing a  belonging of his he possessed in earthly form, and feeding him the soul of a  believing victim, you can bring him back to life!
You get yourself a regular job, as Satan's disciple.
Any student of Black Magic can do it.   .most of these books will tell you how! SARAH So what happens when you've sold out?
Sell my soul?
If you sold your soul to the devil, you'd never age either
Six six and six
Well divide 18 into three
Well?
Well, it's a long story.SIR WILFRED Oh good share.  I love them
So Mark, what's so urgent?
No thank you sir we're fine.
Hi there Sarah
Sir Wilfred, this is Sarah Brighton.  This is Sir Wilfred.
I'll think about it.  Now run along darling.
But mom, I NEED THE CAFFINE - BADLY
When - you're a big boy.  I mean you know it's bad for you
Mom, when are you going to let me have some coffee in the morning?
Don't be facetious darling. Now drink your milk, you're late for college
Oh really?  We're they `us'es' or `them's'?
Servants.  Oh isn't it terrible darling, two more people have disappeared
They're all human beings
One has to keep the distance between `them' and `us'
Mom.
Darling?  I hear you were having drinks with the butler the other night.  Now  you know that sort of thing leads to anarchy.
Never fear, Tony is here.  Ladies first.
Looks a little spooky boys, you think we should do this?
YES!
Come on Mark MARK Ah hell, why not.  I'll get the maid to write the essays
You bet.  We all can't be such modern people 
You guys are being real assholes
Save it for the powder room babe, this man is in pain
Oh! The virgin has spoken! SARAH Stop it!
Stop saying things so loud!
Then we both are.
Someone crying.  A girl.  I thought I was crazy.
What?
No.  But once I heard...
Did you?
A ghost?
I started seeing things.
What do you mean?
It got so bad your father almost had to put me away.
So much.
I miss you.
Listen to me.  The one thing in life that I definitely don't regret...is the choice. I made to be your mother.
Are you mad at me?
I know he does.
He loves you very much.  He just--
Yes it is.  Can we please not do that? Please?  Cause it is.
That's not true.
I think playing in a band called "Bitch" might put a dent in the whole "perfect family" thing.
No, he wouldn't.
Besides, Dad would have freaked.
Why?
Mom, I'm sorry.  I wanted to tell you. But it never felt right.
That was very good.
I'm just saying, you're going to be fine.
Of course you will.
I'll come back all the time.
I know that.
It's only two hours away.
Yes?
Hey.
Do you have a scarf?
No, it doesn't...Okay, look, I see what you're doing here, and that's, I'm sorry, but that's not it.  My marriage is fine. I've had some kind of "empty-nest" episode where I saw some things that weren't there.  Let's deal with that.  I'm willing to deal with that.  I just don't want to go conjuring problems where none exist.
That can't feel good.
That he doesn't...see me, or, you know, that I'm...that's something's wrong...with me.
What?
Last year.  I drove my car up a tree. Nothing serious, this...  ...a minor concussion.  But the car looked bad.  It could have been bad.  I think it scared the hell out of Norman.
You were in an accident?
Me?  No.  Well, in the accident I was injured, but...
Have you been hurt?
I felt...pain.  That she'd been hurt by someone.  This is great.  I'm trying to intuit the emotions of a figment of my--
What do you think?  Guess.
No.
Do you?
She said, "You know."  That I know.
I don't know, I'm very confused right now.
You're saying you willed these events to happen?
Maybe.  I don't know.  I just know that when all this was happening, I felt, some part of me felt...alive.  Like somebody needed me.  And the more I reached out to, it, the fuller it became.
You think you influenced her?
Isn't there something called group hysteria?
Your friend saw them.
Yes, but...
Whether you imagined it or not, you actually saw and heard things that frightened you...that gave you reason for concern.
Well, that's what we're here for.
What's happening to me?
I don't know.  My aunt used to use my uncle's old pajamas and a candle.
How?
Nope.
Are you humoring me?
Can't hurt.  And I think it's important you find out what she wants.
You think that'll help?
Try to communicate with her somehow.
What?
What do you think I should do?
Fine.
Um...I'd rather not say...just yet.
Do you have any idea who she is?
Pretty.  She's a blond.
What does she look like?
I saw her in the water.  Beside me.  She was filling the bathtub.
How do you know it's a she?
She finished my solitaire game and turned on the radio...she likes rock and roll. Angry rock and roll.
Mm-hmm.
These are good.
You're joking.
Fireball?
Because, I don't know, because sometimes...sometimes I forget things...and ever since Caitlin left, ever since my daughter left for school, there've been...I fainted and...  Why is this so hard?
Why is he worried?
No.
Do you really think so?
Yes.  I'm sure he's hoping you'll pack me full of prozac so he can live out his life in peace.
Your husband?
Because he was worried about me.
Then why did you?
I didn't want to come.
Mine.  His.  We both...thought...
Who's idea was it?
The wives.
Who's that?
Well, I'm glad.  Pardon my intrusiveness, but we do have to stick together you know.
Ohhh yes.  No, no.  Just a little, you know...We're fine.
Toward the end.  You remember?
At the party.
There was just...some tension.  You were upset.  I remember being concerned.
No.  I'm just not sure what you mean.
For the Dupont Chair.  I swear.  I'm becoming the nosy old lady I used to run from at Amherst.
Well, I don't think I've seen you since the reception at Dean Ackerman's last year.
Uh-huh.  What can be?
I know how hard it can be sometimes.
I'm sorry?
Wonderful.  It's good to see you two doing so well.
Almost.
Norman was telling me the dream house is finally finished.
Just fine.  It's a lovely party.
How're you holding up?
Everyone's very anxious to shake hands with our newest academic celebrity.
I am.
Of course.  You must be so proud.
I didn't kill my wife.
Give me that shit.  Your wife.
Who?
I have to go.
Oh-kay...
I don't know.
When...when will she be back?
She isn't here.
Well maybe your wife...
This really isn't a good time.
Right.  Well, I wanted to stop by to welcome you to the uh, to the neighborhood.  I'm Claire Spencer.  From next door.
I'm running late here.  I just came back for my briefcase.
Um...
Yes?
I'm sorry that I frightened you like that.  But I was so touched by your concern.  I've been lonely here.  Perhaps we could be friends.
No.  No, I don't.
You must think I'm pathetic.
I couldn't catch my breath.  That's not a metaphor, that's...And I panicked.  I never dreamed anyone would hear me back there...  I tried to leave him.  Went to my mother's in Boston.  He brought my things up and pleaded with me to come home.
Um...sure.
Have you ever felt so completely consumed by a feeling for someone that you couldn't breathe?  That the time together is so passionate and consuming that you felt physical pain when they would leave?
What?
Love.
You're going to think I'm crazy or something.
Of what?  What were you so afraid of?
No.
And these roses.  They're much prettier up close.
Thank you.
Your house is so beautiful.
Very much.
Would you like some iced tea?
Right.  I'm sorry.
And then you weren't there.
For scaring you like I did.  When I thought about what that must have seemed like that day...
You do?
I wanted to apologize.
Wait!  Don't go...
Oh God.  He's back.  I'm sorry.  Please forget that I...I don't know what I'm saying.  Please...
I'm sorry.  It's for the flowers.  Why don't you...
This fence...it's so...
I know.  And I'm sorry.  I've been consumed with...my daughter left...for school.
I've never even met you.
That's not...It's not like that.
How?  How can you help me?  With your flowers and your perfect life...
Tell me.  I can help you.
That I'll just...that one day I'll just...disappear.
Tell me.  Please.
I can't, no, no, I can't...
What?  What are you afraid of?
And I'm afraid.  Oh god, I'm so afraid of...
Who?  Your husband?
He's so...it's too much...and I can't...I can't breath...
I'm not...
Hello?
Is everything alright?
I've seen you.  From the window.
Um...yes.
You're the flower lady.
It's Mrs...It's Claire...Spencer.  From next door.  Is everything--
Who are you?
Biology.  She wanted to be a doctor.
What was her major?
Of course.
Y'hear anything you'll let me know?
I should be going anyway.
They're calling me in to work.
You must have been very proud.
Full scholarships.  Princeton too.  She wanted to stay close.
It's like that.  Doesn't seem real.  No note.  Nothing.  Cops say she'll be back.  I just wanna know what happened.
I don't know.
Why are you here?
Well she wouldn't.  He left when she was twelve.  Never spoke about him after that.
She never mentioned her father.
Sounds about right.  Never understood how a girl that wild got all A's.  Sure didn't get it from me.  They wanted to put her in a special school for the gifted when she was young.  Maddie wouldn't hear about it.
I'm not.  We...we met at a party.
You look a little old for a student.
It's fine.
Just plain old coffee.  None of that mocha nonsense.
She never mentioned you.
Claire.
What's your name?
Please leave me alone.
No, I don't.
You know where she is?
I'd like to talk to you about Madison.
Yeah.
Mrs. Frank?
I met a dashing young grad student after a recital one night...
She got it.  Turned it down.
I'm not.  Couldn't pick up my cello for weeks.
She's making this up.
And I kicked ass.  My best stuff.  Then I stood in the hallway and listened to her audition...and I cried.
Do we have to?
We both auditioned for the Philharmonic. One cello position open.
Stop.
You should have heard her play.
Oh God...
And there's this brilliant conductor in purple briefs with no bangs cursing his ass off in Finnish.
We were suite mates.
I came in from my room...
He was so pissed.
...just so she could cut them off.
I didn't sleep with him.
Anyway, Claire slept with him...
He looked like one of the Monkees.
We know each other.
This is...
Wow.
Trust me, Claire.  You hear something... change the subject.  You find something... get rid of it, throw it in the lake.  You know what happened.  The rest is only details.  And no one's ever glad they got a hold of those.  If you want to put this back together...just let it go.
I don't know...
You've got a beautiful life.  And even with this, it's always been clear that he loves you.  I've come to think that's all that really matters.
He's trying to put it behind him, Claire. You should too.
I guess not.
What if he was?  Do you think he wanted to bring that up again just when you're trying to make a new start?
Jody he was lying.
Did he say that?
But he acted like he'd never heard of it.
What is it?
I have an idea.  But, I mean, I'm just making this up...
Like what?
Alight, alright.  Stay calm.  You opened this door.  There's got to be a way that you can close it.
That could take days.  I need to do something now.  Don't you see?  She wants us dead.
We need help.  Please let me call the medium.
I can't believe this is happening.
I know.
Jody, she tried to kill him.
No.  She wanted me to know the truth.  Now that I do...I think she's at peace.
You don't know that.  If it's your belief that gives her form, then you've got to shut her out.  Somehow you have to break the connection.
She could have hurt me if she wanted to.
If she was dangerous before--
I don't know.
What are you going to do?
How could I expect you to tell me something that I wouldn't even tell myself?
No.
I'm a terrible friend.
All of us.
I got there first.  Stan covered up the pills and I had it out with Norman.  He seemed desperate not to lose you.  He promised to handle it.  And we all let it drop away.
Alone?  On a two lane road?  With a ton of Valium in your system?
Too late?  Jody, it was an accident.
By the time I finally got up the nerve to tell you, Stan called from the hospital and it was too late.
I had just been left by Richard.  I was bitter and miserable and for some fucked up reason, it made me feel better that your life wasn't as perfect as it seemed.
Relieved?
Partly because I didn't want to hurt you...but partly...partly because I was relieved.
Why?
I started to walk over...but he wasn't alone.  A blond.  I only caught a glimpse. She was young.  I should have said something right away. But I didn't.
Artsy little village down seven.  There's a guy there who sells my work.  I had just dropped off some paintings and as I got in my car...I saw Norman sitting at this little cafe.
Adamant?
I was down in Adamant...
Oh God...you knew.
I've got to find a bathroom.  I'll call you.
Okay.  Okay.
Please.
But Claire--
No.  Jody, listen to me.  You have to listen to me.  This is not something that I can do right now.  Whatever it was, it's gone.  I need it to be gone now.
And he's the real thing.  Specializes in cases like this, like yours.
Hartford?
Yes.  Now I talked to Sela and there's a guy, this Pakistani guy down in Hartford...
Did I?
Something was there.  You saw it.
Nothing.  It wasn't anything.  I've been on edge lately.  Maybe since the accident. And I'd prefer, I really would, to just--
Then what was it?
Mrs. Feur.  She's alive.  I met her. She's really sweet.
What?
Jody, she's alive.
Does Norman know?
I mess around with this stuff, but I never thought anything would happen.
It's alright.
I'm sorry for leaving, but I mean, Jesus, Claire...
I think so
Are you okay?
Jody, wait.
I have to go.
It's initials.  F is Feur.  It's her.
Mef?  What's Mef?
M-E...
Oh...
Shhh.
Nothing's happening.
I don't know.
We wish to commune with the spirit of Mrs. Feur.  What's her first name?
This.
The planchette?
Place your fingers on the planchette.
Are we hoping the ghost is going to have to pee?
Sit down here.
No, you're not.  But a presence in your house is not something to be taken lightly.
Wow.  I'm losing it.
I don't...
In the window.  Norman's at work.
What?
Someone's there.
Please.  That's all I need.
Just bought this beautiful antique Ouija.
...no...no...no...
Telling you...
Jody, no...
Seance.
What?
Know what I think?
I don't know.  When you say it, it sounds crazy.  But what else could it all be?
You think he killed her?
You got it.
Listen, I've gotta run.  I just thought I'd stop by and see if you want to take the boat out, say Thursday morning?
Absolutely.
Beautiful thing, alimony.  Lose a husband, get a car.  Think it'll help me pick up dudes?
It's niiice.
Yep.
Oh my god.  You bought it.
So you'll have some later.  Notice anything...different?
Thanks, but I'm fine.
She's not a psychic.  Just a very enlightened spirit.
You're discussing me with your psychic?
It soothes heart-ache and promotes psychic wellness.  Sela suggested I bring--
Jody--
Kambucha mushroom tea...
What is it?
Wow.  Got here just in time.  I brought you this.
And so far my day has consisted of taking pictures of my roses for the garden club.
Well good.  So you're human.
Okay, I'm a little tender.
Cause...your...only daughter just went away to school...who you were incredibly close with aaand I'd be tripping...
Why does everyone find that so surprising?
You are?
Good.  I'm good.
How you holding up?
MADISON!
What?
Mauduh...
Shhhh.
Mmmuh...
IT'S TRUE.  That's...you have to believe me!  Oh God, I'm telling you the truth!  I did what I had to, Claire.  She was gone.  There was nothing I could do for her.  I did...I put her in the lake.  I rolled the car in...and I watched it sink.  And I've lived with that image ever since.  I couldn't just stand there while everything-- my career, us, everything, just washed away.  Don't you see, Claire?  She's doing this!  This is exactly what she wants you to think!
I don't believe you.
I did NOT!  I did not kill anyone.  Jesus. Claire, listen to me.  I walked in and she was lying there dead.  I swear to you.  On my life!  She took pills and she killed herself in our house to destroy me!  To destroy us!  If I hadn't stopped by here before school, the painters would have--
Don't I, Norman?  YOU KEPT THE FUCKING NECKLACE.  Of a woman you killed!
Okay.  Don't...you don't understand what this is.
She's out there isn't she?  She's in the lake.
Fine.  I'll do the shopping.
I know.
You don't have to do that.
I'm cooking you dinner.
Nothing.
What's that for?
Maybe we can stop there for lunch.
Don't think so.
Do you know it?
Huh.
Little village down seven.  Supposed to be charming.
What?
Adamant.
Yep.  There's some great places nearby.
Look for antiques...
Incredible.  We should take a drive before they're gone.  Spend the night at some cozy little bed and breakfast.
The leaves...
Claire...
I don't know, but I am.  She was there and then she was gone.  I felt it.
How can you be sure?
She can't be here without me.
What?
She's gone.
Can't you see, she's trying to kill us.
It's alright.
We have to get out of here.
Of course she did, Norman.  What else could it be?
We don't know that for sure.
She did it.
How did she know where it was?
She was damaged and unstable.  The more I tried to distance myself, the more desperate she became.  Finally, she showed up at the new house...
Get out of my way.
Claire...
You should have tried harder.
I tried to break it off!
I'm not going to listen to this.
...would do anything just to be around me.  And I slipped.  God help me, I slipped.
Stop...
And then out of nowhere, some bright young woman found me attractive...
Leave her out of this!
To Caitlin!!
Who?
THAT'S NOT TRUE!  You wanted to quit!  And then when you did, you hated me for it... so you gave it all to her.
...Oh BULLSHIT.  You had to topple perfect Daddy and that meant perfect wife, perfect family...
I never asked you to quit!
What did you think I would do?  Jesus Christ!  I gave up my life and my music...
Claire, please don't...
DON'T touch me.  Just get away from me. Go!
That's not what I'm sayi--
So you fucked a student?!
It was last year.  We were having troubles.
I snuck back to my car, trying to convince myself it never happened.  And when I woke up in the hospital...somehow it hadn't.  Until now.
Oh God...
I came to work in the garden and I saw you with her...in my house.
Claire--
I was there.
What?
"You know..."
STOP IT!
Your wife...
Who?
I think she's starting to suspect something.
Why don't you shut up and fuck me, Professor.
I don't like this, this...
Since when?
It's too rough.
What's the matter?
Ow!
Wouldn't go that far.
I take it your not mad at me.
STOP IT!
It's Madison Fra--
...Please stop...
...I'm positive this time...
Stop...
I thought it was Mrs. Feur, but it's not...
Yes.  The ghost.
The...
It's her.  This is the woman who I've seen.
No.  I'm afraid to ask what this is about.
Not personally.
I may have seen her on campus.
What's wrong with me?
Sweetheart, it was over a year ago.
But I don't remember.
It was maybe a week after the accident. We were moving.  It was a hard time.
But why?  I can't understand how I could just completely--
You shoved me away and ran out to the patio.  I took you home.
In the living room...
A cheap wine glass from the caterers.  You started crying.  I tried to comfort you...
I...
You dropped a glass.
When she said it, there was something familiar...but no.
You don't remember?
You told me that I was...
We walked all night...
I felt you...looking through me...
You were lost in the music...eyes closed...your chest heaving...
Good.  You sat in front...I saw you there...
You know I am.
Are you glad?  I'm glad.
What?
Call ya later.
Yep.
Do I have everything?
Really big bed.
No, it's fine.  I'm fine.
...I'm pulling up, Yuri.  I'll see you for dinner.  Sure you won't stay?
Then where is she?
I'm sorry...
Claire, please...
Maybe you're right.  Maybe I'm losing my mind...
I will NOT.
Keep your voice down.
No!  Not sweetheart, no.  I believe in what's happening.  I don't want to, but I do.  I guess I was foolish enough to think that would be enough for you.
Sweetheart--
Norman, this isn't about you.  This is something that's happening to me.  It's not to get even...and it's not some warped bid for attention.  Some strange things are happening in our house, whether you believe in them or not...
But then you've been so much better...
The accident...?
Ever since the accident I've been worried that you'd been unhappy, or...
Sabotage?
You know what I've got at stake with this paper.  You know that.  I can't help but think that you're doing this now to hurt me, or to sabotage me somehow.
What are you...?  No.
Maybe you resent how busy I've been.
What?
Jody brought a Ouija board and we summoned her.
How did you--
Jody and I.  And she was there, Norman, she was.  It scared Jody so bad she had to leave.
Who did?
We had a seance.
How do you know this?
Yes.  And he's going to get away with it.
This is the Feur thing?
He killed her.  I'm not crazy.  He killed her and--
What are you doing out here?
No!  And I don't need a psychiatrist!
Are you lonely?
...and I don't think I'm some lonely, middle-aged woman cracking up.
I never said...
I never said I wasn't upset.  Of course I'm upset.  I miss her terribly.  But I know what I saw and what I heard...and it wasn't some "symptom" of something...
Claire, she's been a huge part of your life for seventeen years.  If you weren't thrown off balance by this, then something would be wrong.
What can it hurt to talk to someone?
Norman...
Harvey says he's amazing.
I don't need a shrink.
Well, that's a relief.
There we go.
We're going to be fine.
I know I'm not at the center of the bridge.
You're not at the center.
Five minutes?
Restaurant.  Let them know we're running late.
What are you doing?
Okay, okay, I'm sure that I just...
...like it never even happened...
...Don't get all...
When you do this, I swear...
Yes, tonight.  We're going to be--
Tonight?
...since Caitlin.  You don't remember this?
Oh.
What do you mean?  Claire, we talked about it.  You didn't want Japanese, I said, Our first date since...
When?
Dinner.  With Stan and his new girl.
Dressed?
Claire, listen to me.  I know you're under some strain.  But there's no such thing as ghosts.  They don't exist.  Our neighbor did not kill his wife, and I...wait, why aren't you dressed?
She was lonely, I talked to her.  Norman, I know how it looks, but--
Right.  And why is she here?  If he killed her, why doesn't she haunt him?
Maybe.  Point is...not me.
Who did?  Mrs. Feur?
I didn't do that.
What am I looking at?
See?
Okay.  Okay.  I'll bet there's...Look at this.
She could be out.  She could be sick in bed for all we know.
Where is she then?
It's a ghost.
It's her!  I'm telling you.  She whispered and turned on the music.  She's trying to contact me!
From the sun.  It's a reflection on the glass.
A flare?
It's a flare.
No.  Look!  In the window.
Our house.
No, no, no, no.  The soil on the shovel, his shovel...that's clay.  It's not from here, believe me, I...  All right, look at this.
And that means he murdered his wife? This is getting ridic--
He did.  She's in the picture.  I went over to look and she's gone.  The table was set for one.
What?
He killed her.
Shhhh.
What's going on, Claire?
Get down!  He'll see.
Huh.
Oh, right.  Yes.  Harvey says the guy's a sweetheart.  Wouldn't hurt a fly.
Did you call about the Feurs?
Sorry.  You understand.
Norman, you are so funny about that.  No, I didn't.
You didn't?
What?  No.  No.
Did you tell her?
That's just mean.  Oh.  Jody wanted to know if I could get her some.
Didn't know he was dead, every stinking paper on the globe.
I'm so sorry.
"...for my father."
That's...
"...of Perpetual Distances."  Everybody's checking their shoelaces. Pins drop.  "I'm afraid you've mistaken me,"  I say...
Oh, no...
"...especially Spencer's Theorem..."
Well, that's nice.
And he says...you'll fucking love this, he says, "Doctor Spencer, I am a great admirer of your work..."
Wow.
He's here giving some arcane spiel for the physics department, so Bob Shine introduces us...
You're kidding.
Ohmigod.  You'll never believe...I saw Schumway...
You know what that does to me.
Madame Curie, Jonas Salk, Norman Spencer...
Yep.
You are so brilliant.
I think so.  Maybe.
Really?
Think I may have cracked it.
I do, I do.  I'm sure I'm just...how was your day?
I've got the conference next week.  I want you to feel safe.
I don't know.  Just...whispering.
What kind of whispering?
It was there.  This angry music all by itself.  And I heard whispering.
Of course.
No.  Can you drive me home?  I'll bring you back in the morning.
Did you call the police?
In the house.  I was scared.
What do you mean?  Some noises where?
There were some noises.  I didn't want to disturb you.
What are you doing here?
Huh?  Absolutely.  Take your time.
Claire?
No, no.  It's fine.
Unless you need me to come home...
Oh.
I'm stuck here for another couple of hours.
Hi.
Is it gone?
Nothing.  There was...I thought I saw something.
Hurry...
Mmnph.
Norman, you have to look at this!
Promise?
Look, I'll call Harvey Tomes in the Psych department, see what I can find out.
I just wish you could have heard her.
It's what I've been working for.
I know.
Nothing's going to happen.  Besides, I have to work tonight.  The conference is in less than two weeks. I've got to stay focused on that for just a little longer.  This is...
I'd never be able to live with mysel--
Claire...
But what if something happens?
...when tonight they'll probably be keeping us awake.
That's not what I'm sug--
Claire, honey, we are not going to march next door and accuse our new neighbor of--
To make sure she's all right.
Why?
Not like this.  We were never like this.  I want to go over there.  After dinner, we can--
Remember how we were?
I'm telling you.  There was something in her voice...
Honey, they're young.  They're probably newlyweds.
More or less.
Did she say that?
Of him I think.
Of what?
I'll be there.
After that.
I'm finished at three.  No.  Squash with Stan.
Tomorrow.
Maybe we should just...
Mmm.
And we moved out here for the quiet.
Shhh.
Did you...
Yup.
Wanna fool around?
Nope.
Tired?
I know.
It's just us now.
We did.
You did a great job.  She's a good kid.
To get my life back.  To have some time for myself.  Some time for us.
You are...
To tell you the truth...I'm excited.
You know what I mean.
Not the focus.
It's just she's been the focus for a while.
I am, really.
It's okay if you're not.
Fine.
How are you?
No, no.  I'm just about...  There.
If you have to work...
Nice.  Almost done.
Excellent.  Couple of Swedish sailor cells just gang divided a virginal cheerleader cell.
How is it?
Genetic repair mechanisms in eukaryotic organisms.
Whatcha reading?
Three o'clock.
Claire?
Yep.
It's today?
It's Saturday.
Claire, I have to show up for the--
Don't.
Alright.  I can't take the rejection.  I'm going to class.
Norman Spencer.
When's she out of here?
We'll be quiet.  Quick and quiet.
She's awake.
Feur, I think.  Psych department.  Figures. They're all psychotic.
What's their name?
Three weeks.
I think three...
Christ, that's twice in...When did they move in?
:Oh, I wish. A woman wouldn't have screwed over the woman she loved. No, they don't think that way.
:What do you mean "They" are? Are you officially a woman now?
:Well, they are.
:Would you stop it!
:No, I said, I hate what I'm doing to Darcy. Oh, boy, men are stupider, it's true.
:What, you're doing Darcy? Since when?
Who can say the hope of redemption dies with our last breath...? They must see what the legacy has wrought - Diedre, withered inside herself Carlotta, killing and stunting her own flesh and blood...  surely they sense the child you carry - and the life it might lead in Lashers grasp...   Maybe, in death, they feel remorse for the evil they embraced in life...?!
But it doesn't make sense.  They - they used Lasher...  they conspired with him.
You've always said you felt goodness in them - that the witches brought you and Rowan together.  Isn't that right...?  They're reaching out to you, Rowan!
But why would they do that...?
With his hands!
Two heartbeats.
Two what...?
There are two.
I wish everyone would stop commenting on my health.  I'm the doctor.
Are you alright...?  You look pale.
Lasher is my legacy - not Michael's.   Aaron, I've seen the pain in Michael.  I can't bear to see anymore.   He's not to know.  Swear to me.
Lasher will act, Rowan.  Whatever it is he wants - he's waited three hundred years to have it.   facing him alone...  I don't like -
But you've not told Michael.
I have seen him again.  Last night.
I've grown very fond of you you and Michael both.
You've been shadowing the family for thirty years.  It's only fitting you give one af us away.
Thank you for this honor, my dear.
Michael - you loved that house as a child.  You could work again! You could make it ours. We'll sweep out the horror.  And Lasher with it!
Going away doesn't mean you leave Lasher behind. He was on Rowan's deck - and the plane...  geography seems irrelevant now.
A spacial entity.  An organized energy.  something that precedes our definition of existence.
Then what is he...?
Many times over the past thirty years. Why he shows himself to me, I don't know but Lasher's not some mindless wraith.
You have to warn her - this second! I'm catching the next flight back!
Rowan...
He chose ME for ROWAN --- when I was a child!
What are you talk---
Aaron - lieten to me...  It's been Lasher - from the start!
Every day  twice.
I'll probably be back in a week...but I can't spend Christmas in that house.   you'll check on her - every day...?
Then tell me.  Is it Lasher....
Nothing was ever more false.
on't know what else to do.  Maybe I just don't belong in her life.  well - I'm already out of her life.
Yes - and you have.  Do you see...?  He was passing over into death - but the witches sent him back - to the one person they knew had the power to save him... and they gave him the power to show you what no one else could...
"Go back, Michael.  Do what you can..."
What have the witches always asked of you...?
NO!  she's pregnant, Aaron.  she's got that to deal with - and the clinic.. she is not to hear about this.   don't you think I know she spends half her lite worrying about me...  Listening to my heart, aren't you...?  The Timex still ticking...?
Michael, Rowan should -
Don't tell Rowan about this.
Then focus on how you feel about her. Because your feelings define you.   Take off your gloves, Michael.
Rowan.
There is a difference between sensing danger - and being afraid.  what defines you in the landscape, Michael...?  what anchors your life...? Your work...?  Your creativity...?
No scaredy-cats in the Talamasca, huh...?
A spirit.  Perhaps evil...   ...and he has come to you- with Diedre gone - you've... inherited him.
A what...?
Come.  There is a lot to read
I - r saw him as a child.  Lots of times...  But no one else did.
You sound certifiable. Yon know that.
I ask only that you stay here, long enough to be - educated.  A few hours.
Rowan's mother died at childbirth. And she doesn't have. any family.
With her family.  Rowan's mother died yesterday.
How do you know about Rowan ...?  I didn't --- Cemetery...?
Rowan's already called the hotel, Michael.  At the cemetery by now, I would guess.
Jesus I've got - to get to the ho--
It's over a month.    The police say it happens all the time.
I'm sure he's alright, Bea. They'll find him somewhere.
C'mon now - give a little nod to Mayfair tradition.
Then you wear it.
'The heir to the fortune must wear the Mayfair pendant an her wedding day.'  We should all have to suffer such burdens.
I don't want it.
Always give the crovd a taste, darling.  Now - Ryan said I'm supposed to make sure -
In the bayou, they have a saying... 'You choose the music for the dance - but fortune picks your partner.'   Darling, I'd say you're on a roll.
Mm-hmm.    Seems & lot longer.
You two sees like a perfect fit.   Only two mounths...?
Nothing worse than a common tool.
Aren't they gauche...?   Those steel things are so - common.
Gifford - that box glued to your hands...?
He made that quite clear, yes.
I hope Ryan explained that if you stay in this town, you're shackled with pushy relations for the rest of your life.
I want to see my mother.
Rowan - I'm Beatrice Maytair.  Your cousin.  Deedee...you'r mother and I - we - we grew up together.
Hell - Julien believed it... Carlotta too... and god knows, more than a few of us called her a witch!
Gifford Mayfair - I'll cook your tongue on a spit!    witches!
I'm not saying I believe it...but I heard it 'nough times to know somebody did.   They made a deal with the devil.  Y'know - "make us rich" - worship the number thirteen - the whole bit.  And some stuff about 'bringing them all back through a door...'
You babbling that nonsense - now...? This is a wedding.
Giff - shuttup.    you're mother was a sweet child, Rowan... A lost little girl in a world too full at things
In certain cases, hell is the operative word.
Down here. darling, we figure: If you're taking a trip to God knows where - might as well have one hell of a going-away party.
I'm NOT like you!  I'm NOT! You're cruel -
Did you like it...? Looking down at Graham and knowing what you could do...?
But I had to use my hands.  None before you could kill with their mind.  Graham, my dear.  Your uncle...?
You - are - a - murderer.
...and why I put thirty years between you and the beautiful monster. To kill the legacy!    you are the sum of his desires -
You're mad!  Your mind is sick!
And that is why I pushed your grandmother onto the stones - even as she had him inside her...
ENOUGH!!!
Witches. Rowan.  that is what we are.
Stop it!
Just like your mother - and all the others that felt him - and used his power - and went to hell with a smile!
It wes a dream...!
Lasher touched you and you loved it.
'He'...?
He's shown himself to you... on the deck.  In the storm.
You have the Mayfair eyes.   Tell me, Rowan --- what have those eyes seen that the mind can't fathom...?
Why are you doing this...?  Handing out these horrors! Why...?!!
Antha...your grandmother...her life ended there, on the stones. Head split open like a melon.
You're a monster.
She didn't feel them
You kept her in this filth in restraints...?.
Put your hatred for me aside, so you can clearly see what is ahead-
Better than most, I suppose.
You can see well in the dark, Rowan.
The lamplight.  That's all.
What is it...?
And this - if you decide to take the rest.
Eighty million doll --- ?
Other properties as well - here and in Europe.  And vest holdings - in sugar, oil, gold, electronics.  Liquid funds over eighty million.  tmpcssible to put a figure on it all. All yours now.
I don't want the -
There are things I have to know!
I'm tired.  I need to rest.
I might as well be Rowan Smith - or Jones!   you cut me off from every -
A Mayfair it ever I saw one.
She was alive all these years... You NEVER let me know her. Who gave you that right...?!
In the coffin, my dear.  where else...?
I want to see my mother.  Where is she...?
You came.    I'm your Aunt Carlotta, my dear.
I'm coming down there!!  And it you put my mother in the ground betore I arrive, you'll wish you'd never seen my face!  IS THAT UNDERSTOOD...?!
Out of the question      Rowan, coming here will not change the -
When is the funeral...?   I am coming to my mother's funeral!!
A very tired one.  I've been up all night - and I would .like to rest before the funeral.     Have your lawyer -
What's the matter with you...?! What kind of person are you...?!
It was quite warranted by the - situation.    I realize this is a shock, but really, Rowan - you never even knew her. It's not as if you've suffered some great -
Who the hel1 -
I had you sent away.
-Ellie said she died when I was BORN!  She's been alive...? ALL THIS TIME...? Why have I been lied to when -
I under5tand.  All the same
But my mother...  Ellie said she died -
Yes.    Listen carefully, Rowan. Have your attorney contact me at once. There are matters of immediate -
My...mother...?
Diedre Mayfair was your mother.
I don't have any aunts - and I've never heard of a 'Carlotta' - or, for that matter - a 'Diedre'!  Just who -
This is your aunt.  Carlotta Mayfair.  In New Orleans.
Who is this...?
When did she die...?
I beg your par---
I wish to speak to Ellie Mayfair.
Rowan Mayfair.  Who's calling...?
Who is this...?
Hello...?  Who is this...?
E11ie - Diedre died at five o'clock this morning.    Obviously, there are 1egal matters.  Your discretion will be -
Now, lasher - it is our time.
Lasher - bring us through!
Michael...  Help us...  The door!
Michael...  Do what you can.
Help us.  Do what you can.
The door, Michael.  find the key...
Go back, MICHAEL... Go Back
Wind - I love you with that which is endless within me.  Bring me your eyes - your touch - your voice...
Mum...  Oh Mum, God will surely strike us -
He's herniating!  Forget OR.  He's dead batore he's oft the elevator Get me a trephine tray -  Anesthesia - stat!  We need him intubated and blow down!
I'll tell OR we're bringing -
Massive subdural hamatoma.  We have to evacuat it - right now.
He just went out like & light-
uh - then he - be just -
FAST.
- and he seemed okay.  Just banged his -
Anybody got a BP yet...?
Parents say he - uh - fell -
No!   Don't!  Lasher!!!
Rowan and I will be together now. My time has come.  Your time is gone.
Ju1ien was your father   Your great-grandfather - your grandfather - and your father. All one in the same...  That is why he fought carlotta for your life.
Oh god...
They want to come back.    We have a pact - of mutual desire and  consent.  The Mayfairs ar. a beautiful tapestry.  I have weaved you all together - from the start.   I brought Petyr Van Abel to Suzanne.  He had genius in him.  Scientific, precise.  It was a perfect start. And on  it has gone - father to mother... sister to brother... father to daughter...
The portraits, Lasher.  Why are the witches always before a door...? Tell me, Lasher.  Now!
It was an accident.   Gifford, too.
Aaron was in the dream.  A dream tilled with spirits.   you killed him, didn't you...?
Tell me what I am, Rowan.
No!
That is what you must discover.   see what I am, my love. With all your power - see me, and know what I am.
I don't know what you are!!!
There was no thought.  There was no act.    That is not what I am.
You went into the cells --- and you changed them.  How...?!
I do not understand...
Wrong...?  Science is not magic.
What is wrong...?
Leave me alone!
Go on. Rowan.  Go on.
Change me, Rowan, and we can change everything...
Only you...
Focus all your powers on me, Rowan until it is done. Only me...
You mustn't hurt him. Mustn't - mustn't hurt..
Then help me--- for his sake...
I love Michael...
--- and I have heard you from the beginning... from it's very first beat.
But have I...?  Ever...?!
I've waited for you - the one whose science could match her powers...  Do you know what it's like - to sense the majesty of something so sublime just beyond your reach...?  to float in a dream that keeps a .promise half-hidden in its shadows.-.?  I did not choose to be such as this!  Suzanne brought me here.  She called to me!
No, my love.  I want nothing more of the dead.  I want you to --- chang me.
And now you expect me to stockpile corpses for you...?!
I only wanted to see as others do... feel as others do...  ...but Marguerite could not help me.  Nor Julien...
I know that you're evil.
I LOVE MICHAEL.  MICHAEL!!
Do not tell me that!
I LOVE him!
But I could understand. I want to understand!
What Michael gives me is stronger than anything you could ever inderstand.
you crave what I might show you.  What you can learn.  What I can give you.  So much more than Michael can.
It's too soon to know.
A girl...?
From the night on the moor, when I was swept into the world and first knew this exquisite pain - it is a Mayfair who has wanted me!  suzann. and Deborah.  Stella - Marguerite - Antha  - Diedre -  All of them.  And you will have a child...
It's very dangerous to assume you know what a woman wants.
If that were true, I would not be here.
Go away!  I don't want you here.
There is no one here but the dead.
I bring her flowers too.
I'm going to have a baby.   Michael wants to name it after you - if it's a girl.  Diedre Mayfair Curry. Pretty, huh...?  Funny --- I never really thought I'd ever ---
I am only what you are --- what all of you have been.   what do you think of yourself now, my love...?
You're very clever, aren't you...?

It you harm Michael, I will let my anger loose.  And you will feel that. Do you understand...?
If I could feel like you feel...but I have only others' feelings - . . like breeres that blow through me.  Things to be felt, yes --- but not nine to feel...
If you knew how I yearn for that...
To love, you must be able to feel.
It is from love.
Made it...?
You bastard...
Explain this to me --- violated...?
YOU VIOLATED ME!!!  ON MY WEDDING NIGHT!
I 1ove you, Rowan.  I've always loved you.  I only wanted to be in your thoughts. To bring myself into your thoughts - so I could be as we are now.
The wasps were meant for Michael - but there's only so much you can control, isn't there?  The great and powerful lasher - undone by a faulty ladder-..  Why would you hurt him...?!  Answer me.
Always loved you..
STOP!
Nooo...  NO!  Stop!
I am with you, my love. Like no other can ever be.
Like this...?
Yes, Michael.  Harder--.  More...
There are things you will not tell him.
Lie...?
You do not love Michael   How can you love - if you lie...?
I know.    you are my son -
I am your son.  I would not wound you. I could not - ever.
'Kill you...?'  You are my mother.  Do you think I would hurt you...?
I'll destroy you.  I swear it!  If you don't kill me, I'll find a -
ENOUGH!  He is dead.  You are here for me now.  Michael is gone!
Let me go...  Michaelllllll...
How is your heart, Father...? Is the Timex still ticking...?
Put - him - down!  His - his heart...
Always loved you. Rowan.  Always...
Yessss...
Like this...  LIKE THIS...?
Harder...
Rowan...
Harder...
It's alright...it's airight.  He's gone, Michael...  Gone.
Lasher...  Where --- where is ---
No.
Michael - I'm sorry...  Just give me -
You could kill me - right now, couldn't you...?  couldn't you...?!  Tell me the truth --- is it Lasher...?  Answer me!!
You bastard!
How 'bout a backward hex with a three-quarter twist...?
Stop it!
Why bother to ask, Ro...?  Why don't you just make me stay,..?
Michael - please -  just. a little longer.  Don't leave.
I've never asked you to explain yourself - because you used to let me inside!  But I'm on the outside now...  you put me there!
I can't leave now.  Don't ask me to explain!  I just can't!
That's not good enough.  Why not...?!
I can't.
It's not true.  You have to believe me.
You've gone away from me, Ro...  Someplace I don't know how to get to.
Gotcha.
I - I...  I can't, Michael.  There's stuff --- at the clinic -
Hi.    You - you wanna get some breakfast...?  Maybe see a movie...?
Hi.
Nothing is wrong with me.  I know something's in there - and so do you.
Something's wrong with you.
Go ahead.
Dovetails.  Gotta be a hundred years old.
Yyou look terrible.  You're exhausted. You practically live at the goddamn clinic.    Even pregnant women who aren't doctors know that You can't -
What were you talking about...?
When aid you get home last night...?
Where are you gitting these...?  Aaron --- if it's a boy.
Nah - I had a shmuck of an uncle named Lucas.    Grayson.
A bit much.    Lucas.
If it's a boy --- Taylor.
I don't know.
Michael - why would he want to hurt Stu...?
Lock the door.  Lock it
Is he - is he gonna die...?
A little sore.  Darm...   Finish up my section, will ya...?
You alright...?
I'm serious.    Whatever it was - it's still there inside me, isn't it - change and all...?
Your beneficence.
Michael - what made you fall in love with me...?
- we made a fire.
Remember the first time we made love - and then ---
Talking to me dear...?
You did that, didn't you...?
That's not funny.
ROWAN we're below sea level. I've spent time there myself.
That's cause we're below sea level.
Fall in New Orleans...  This whole town is waterlogged!  The matches, the wood, my clothes, my skin.
I love you too.
It's not some fairytale in an old book.    Michael - look at me.  I didn't choose this, Michael.  This is who I am.  I love you.
No.    This is unreal...
No - I didn't kill him.   Would you rather I'd let them kill us - after they'd raped me...?
Michael!
Did you see the old man on the ---
Nobody makes a car like them Nasis...
Mm-hmm...
Gee - look at that.  I didn't know alligators came this far up on shore
Mm-hmm...
Maybe the shrimp you bad last night.
Mm-hmmm...
You look a little green.
Dropped it.
Hey - you're bleeding.
A little wine...?
Wanna snack...?
So how come I love you most when you stick your finger in your chin...?
Their what...?
Aren't we supposed to love somebody for their moral rectitude or their courage or their beneficence -
Guess so.    I keep thinking about the witches - when I was... down there    There was - caring.  They saved me, Ro.  They said 'go back'...  Wel1-  I came back - to you - to love you.  I like seeing it that way, y'know...?
That's GREAT!
I took off my gloves today - with Aaron -  - and it was okay.
And I thought I was the mindreader.
You're just afraid I'll drop dead before I finish the damn house.
Hey - I'm getting married in the morning - I already gave up drinking. one crutch at a time, Doctor.
Smoking is bad for your heart, Michael.
No, I'm ve-ry good --- and you aught to know.
You're a ve-ry bad witch, you know that...?
Than letts get rnarried, Michael.  I could put a spell on you - and make you say yes.
Either do I.    I love you, Ro.  You know that. You're a total mystery to me - but I love YOU. 
I don't think of us that way - ever.
Ro, how long have we known each other.
If we married, we'd shut him out forever.
Maybe he's just - waiting...
He can't hurt us, Michael.  It's us - our love.  He can't find a crack in it.  He can't find a way in.
I'm wondering why the hell he hasn't shown up.
Michael - this is Beatrice Mayfair. And this is her brother, Giff---
Hello..
Everyone - this is Michael curry.
It's the next best thing to being there' - right...?
You sure...?
Let's see.
I'll bet she had a wonderful smile.
They need doctors in New Orleans too.   Michael - think what I could do with the money!
What about your work back home...?
I'm soon to be a very wealthy witch.
It'd take mounths... and cost a fortune.
I've come home, Michae1, for the first time.  I want to stay here - with you.
Yes.  I love you.  Very much.
Do you love me, Michael...?
I am!   And so are you.  You thought you'd found yourself a nice, sensible doctor. pause)  Michael, if you don't want -
Rowan...   Think of what's in that book.  Think of last night!
Stop looking at me like that! I'm not some siren chanting to the moon.  And my life is not a cosmic whim!  I am in charge of my life -  - and I want to stay.  Everything that was taken from me is here, Michael. All these years, she was there without me.  Helpless. I should have been here.
But it scares the hell out of you, doesn't it. Michael...?
Even if it's all true - that doesn't make you a witch! It's 1992, Rowan!
He's in there!  Or are you out for a stroll in the garden ...?!  where are you, goddamnit...?!
C'mon.  Let's go to the ho---
Is it more or less crazy than dying and coming back to life with hands that can see...?  God, Michael --- what am I...?
Ro - you can't really believe that. Nobody can murder someone with their feelings.  I mean --- that's CRAZY.
Michael - I saw him!  Twice!  Carlotta said I  ---  killed Graham - with - with my anger.
It could've been a tornado - or a - a hurricane.  Maybe -
- a witch.
She - she said I - I was a ---
I know.  It's not possible --- but I know.
You know...?
Goodbye, Michael.   I love you.
Wait a minute.  Rowan - what is going on...?
Go to LAX and get on a flight to New Orleans.  Go to the Ponchartrain Hotel and wait for me.  I'll call you there.
What about you coming down here...?
Michael - I have to go - to New Orleans. I'll - I'll call yati when I -
What's wrong..?
Listen.  Last night - oh Christ, this'1l take forever to explain. God, Michael...
Rowan...?
Michael!  Jesus  I've been trying -
Hello...?
Mad. for each other.
We're quite a pair, you and I.
You could fly down tomorrow.  I could be there the next day  I think I can last that long without you.

Michael, do you want to wear those for the rest of your life...?
God knows, I'm intriguing.
I called Dr. Styles at the Neurological Institute  In L.A., remember...?  He said he'd see you.  He was intrigned.
Michael - this place is increadible.  You - you're brilliant...  The things you created...
Seems more like a year than a month.
You stop it.  you're loving, and gentel..  You're the most remarkable woman I've ever met --- so stop telling me I don't know what I feel just cause you're scared.  Cause it won't work.
Stop it.
Let's see...  Next you tell me all the terrible things about you - and prove that we're doomed to fail - right...?   you hate kittens and puppies, you've drivin all your lovers to suicide --and those mysterious deaths at the hospital were really -
I'm serious.  You don't -
Is this the part where you try and talk yourself out of how good this is...?
Christ, Michael - what the hell are we doing...?  We don't even know -
You don't know what you meant -  because you don't know me.
All I meant was -
Far from it, Michael... Don't put me up there.
Captain's orders.
Doctor's orders- - -?
Just sit there and soak up the vitamin D.
Why don't you let at do that...?
Okay.     y'all make sure and come back now, reeeeal soon - yu'heeyah.
Y-U-H-E-E-Y-A-H.  Yu-hee-yah...? No way, busters use it in a sentence.
Ms. yin, and Mr. yang  Aha!
You look very deep when you do that.  It's interesting.  We're Complete opposites-  I'd never just sit and wait for insparation.  I'd skip my turn and swap some letters.
It's come to that, huh...?  Three weeks - and you need a psychic skin flick to perk up our sex life...?
you touched him --- and saw him...? What was he doinging.  Kinky...?
He fools around with his patients too.
He's very pleased with your response to the surroundings.
Mm-hmm.     Scared-  I feel a little like the moth and the flame.
Too much... too fast...?
Nope-  My father died before I was born. My mother died in childbirth.   El1ie was my only blood relation.  so she brought me here... the day after I was born.
Really...?  Your family there...?
I was born, in New Orleans, too-
You still feel that crazy...?
Oh. The Green underwater Ghost's...  The Man With The Eyes In His Hands...
And whose houses do you design...?
My mother and I used to take long walks and make up stories about the houses and the people who lived inside.  The Queen's house-. the Gangster's house-. the clown's house- Like that.
It - it feels like - like I'm being filled up. crowded out of myself.   Like I'm fading away-
It's unbelievable that you can do that.
You knelt there, helpless-  You couldn't save him.   There was so such anger in you-.   Death infuriates you...
My uncle.  Graham.  He and my Aunt, Ellie raised me.  He - he - had a stroke-  Just before Ellie died - of cancer. Last year.
What're you - a mindreader...?  Who was the man on the kitchen floor. ~.?
What else did you see- Michael...?
I'll bet you say that to all the women who bring you back to life and then seduce you.
you're very --- different.
Yessssss...
Like this...?  LIKE THIS...?!
HARDER!
Rowan...
Harder...
No. I'm not.  Doctors should be the first ones to admit utter ignorance about some things.
You're not gonna give me the textbook analysia, are you doctor...? My vision was just the chemical reaction of an oxygen-starved brain - and nobody -
You know - doors and keyholes are common signposts in out-of-body -
The one time I want it to work...
Just one.  The bar's closed.
Nothing.  Absolutely nothing-
What do you see...?
As far as touching things, yes. But the vision - that keeps pouring into my head-    It won't go away God - if I could just understand it.
Do they keep everything 'out' ...?
Then call it in. Mr. Curry. Whatever's happeninq to you - death is not the preferable alternative.  I'm in the life business - remember..?
My jury's still out on that,
I'm glad you're around to say it.
I don't remember you at all-  You - you saved my life-  Bizarre thing to say, isn't it...?
'Freak at the week.'   That's what the TV crew. call it-  people come right to the house.  They have a husband or wife who skipped town - or a missing kid-  They bring a sweater or a toy - and ask me to touch it. so I can teel them where they are..
I've read the stories - and seen the news coverage.
I guess so.  The trick is remembering how to act like one.  I'm glad you called, Mr. Curry. I wanted to see you.  Why don't we go to my office...
They like you ------- kids.
Just don't fall off any ladders.
A few hours and I'll be wasting away in Margaritaville.  Oh, sweet decadance.
Yes.   Partly.  It's - it's -  Stu - do you believe in ---
Left behind...?  This about Rowan...?
I'm getting --- left behind.
Just nervous.  Getting married, you know.     Got the rings...?
You okay...?
If you like that type.
Wow...
That's a wasp.  Fuckers'll sting a tree if they're bored-  so - where is she...?
'Leave bees be - and the bees be nice.' Didn't your father ever teach you that...?
The guy I told you about - Aaron...?  He says I can learn to control them. That I could lose the gloves at some point.
Well, Normie - you won't have to worry about this one being finished for a lonnnnng time.  How are the hands...?
Go away, GODDAMNIT!
You can't just -
On which planet...?
Bullshit!  Let me in!   Mikey - there are people who can help figure this ont.
Go home, Stu  I'll call you.
I just - hate it when they're - finished.
sooner Or later you're gonna run out of things to change.  You always do.
Comes running out the front door - down the walk to them. MICHAEL seems to pull inside himself. Cool.  Aloof.
Mikey - pregnant women get crazy you know that.  I mean - hell, they're all crazy anyway - right...?
Is that what you were doing...?
Is that a crack about our singing...?
I thought it was 'whistle while you work.
I like him.  He can stay.
Hey - I love gloves-  I look really great in gloves.
He's got great hands.
You really love this guy...?
I thought you were almost engaged, Stu...?
Sut McKinley.  Marry me.
Rowan Mayfair.
I plan on liquidating almost evetything.
That would mean liquidating sizable amounts of cash.
No tax shelters.  No funding.  I want to fund the clinic - exclusively.  The Diedre Mayfair Research Clinic.  I'd like to find an existing building and move in immediately - while we draw up plans for new construction.
That's new territory for us...but yes, we can look into that.  Explore shelter possibilities, funding bodies. we could -
I've decided not to open a practice here  I want to set up a research clinic.  For infant genetic disorder.
Standard for a Mayfair marriage.  Rowan - there is a codicil concerning the Mayfair assets. They must be... aahhh... held separate from the other party... Michael  that is it's in the will - for centuries.  Tradition enjoins, Rowan.   of course, future earnings from your practice will not fall into -
Papers...?
We'd better get to work on the papers.
Don't mention it - now can I get back to my accounts, or do you want to fillet me?
Sounds good - thank you
Why don't you take a few weeks off - you're due some holiday time.
I thought someone was following me - I - er -  I just needed my computer and some things...Listen, I'd like to work from home for a few weeks - is that OK?
Well I'm glad I'm not them - what are you doing here so late? Come to that, what the hell have you got that for?
I thought you were someone else
A person could get killed round here just for working late
I'm sorry - I didn't think
OH MY GAWD!
Then it's going to be 'I killed for sex'... Listen darling, why won't you let us use your real name for the features - if people knew that it was the ELLEN CARTER writing the features and not just some pseudonym - then we might shift more units. You haven't written anything in four years darling - I know you need this job - and if circulation keeps dropping, there's not going to be a magazine for you to write for...
I heard something like that
You know that circulation is down for three months in a row.
That's not technically accurate - SIMPSONS murders weren't sexually motivated.
As long as you get the HACKSAW piece done by FRIDAY... FRIDAY?
I've got a tenant coming over later - can I take the afternoon off?
Don't give me shit - what do you want?
The one on the left - definitely...
Which do you think is her best shot...
Yes - I have had it for years.
This must be one of the old keys -
I'm terribly sorry - I have a bad memory...
I wasn't a manager here then MRS STECKLER - don't you remember?
Oh really - you must remember me from when I was a regular customer.
I shouldn't say this - but you really remind me of someone I know
No - I've been abroad for a long time...
Hello MRS STECKLER - we haven't seen you for a long time
I know what you mean - I'll meet you at VINNIES WINE BAR at six if you like. And don't make any plans for this evening...
No - not all the time - I mean
All the time?
No -it's no problem - I do it all the time
Yes, I'm sure you could - but I can't risk you loosing your job
I didn't say that - I'm sure it could be, but our clients must sign in first, checking signatures, and a photo ident - we had a nasty theft two years ago and we've been very strict since then.
And it can't be forged?
That's right...
So there is only one key...
Then we would have to call in our locksmith to break the lock
Tell me BRIAN, what would happen if the client lost the key?
Yes it is...
Its cramped in here isn't it BRIAN
But - If you could show me round now - and I'll meet you later?
BRIAN...
That's very kind of you MR GRIFFITHS...?
Well, if you could come sometime just before we close, then I could show you everything and  then we could go for a drink to discuss the finer points...
When could I look round?
Yes - it's about bank safety deposit boxes - I wonder if you might just explain how they work - and maybe even show me round.
CHIC MAGAZINE?
You see, I am writing this article for CHIC MAGAZINE
No - I'll have you after
Don't you want me now LESLIE
It's what you would do to me
I loved you ELLEN - why did you do this?
You killed my friend!
I don't want either of us to come to any harm - please...
WAIT FOR WHAT!?
Nothing LESLIE - I just think we should wait...
whats wrong...what have I done wrong?
CRAP! - I wish I had taken a photo of your face when I gave some to that DETECTIVE - What's wrong ELLEN - you look pale - maybe you have been eating the wrong kind of foods lately - it could be food poisoning?
I haven't been using it recently LESLIE
Why whats wrong with the sugar -
It's not that - I just don't want any sugar
There isn't that much - you didn't even taste it - What's wrong - don't you like my tea?
I don't like sugar
What was I supposed to do?
Why did you let him in?
He doesn't need to...
First finish your tea...
No thanks - 
ELLEN, would you like a cup - there's plenty in the pot
Yes - I suppose so...
LESLIE?  Is that good enough?
I am sorry...
I thought we had a relationship built on trust - and you just slap me in the face...
LESLIE I'm sorry - I - I didn't know what to think
We've got nothing to talk about
Out - I may be some time
Where are you going?
But for how long - what will set you off again? You'll be walking down the street and some girl will be wearing a white hat - and that will be it - back on the merry go round...
But ELLEN, I told you I have stopped...
You want me to wear white for you? You must be madder than I thought...
Yes...
Open it...
What is it?
I am ashamed of what I have done ELLEN. When I read what you had written it made me think - look into myself - I haven't dared look into myself for a long time - I have stopped ELLEN, I can't carry on - I won't carry on. All I want is to start a new life - I want a second chance...You are good to me - you don't condescend, you're intelligent, and very beautiful...
What's wrong?
Nothing could be better...
What's wrong?
Demons... This wouldn't have been possible without you... You have given me incentive ELLEN - I can see clearer now...
Psychiatrists would say that you are confronting your demons
I know this sounds insane ELLEN, but... Telling you all of this, writing the book... It feels good. Don't get me wrong - I feel like a weight is being lifted from my shoulders... When I tell you what I have done - I can't believe it is me...Yet I know it was. This is like a purging for me...
What?
Then make it stop...
I want it to stop - it all to stop...
It was wrong - all my life I have been cheated - cheated of anything good - I shouldn't have been born - I was a mistake - my natural mother was a whore - that makes me...
What was your relationship with STEPHANIE?
STEPHANIE loved me - she got some insurance money and took legal custody of me - she was just old enough. We had a ball for years - we could do anything, anywhere, anyhow...And we did...We would play games - she would be the executioner and I would be the convict - She would strap me into the arm chair and pretend to electrocute me...
Did STEPHANIE kill your MOTHER?
My sister - My ADOPTED SISTER -
STEPHANIE?
No...I didn't do it...I wish I had but I didn't. I was beaten to it. STEPHANIE became my mother.
Did you?
You think I killed my MOTHER don't you?
Tell me about your adopted MOTHER
My mother...?  I never knew my real MOTHER - I was adopted
Wonderful - like a great release - He was a malignant cancer and I had to remove him - the world is better without him
And how did it feel to be rid of him
Why not? Please - it would help me
Why should I?
Tell me how it happened...
That's right...Don't ever think that you and I are the same - we're not even remotely similar. I did what I had to do for myself, for my own self preservation - not to live out some bizarre role playing fantasy. My husband was sick -
You've killed but you're not a killer
I don't think so...This isn't a game you know...There aren't points or leagues. Sure I killed my husband - but I am no killer.
You are the first person I have ever told any of this to. We are birds of a feather ELLEN...we're in the same league
I hated being treated like a failure - looked down on - my sister used to do that - I hated it - I should have known, when we got married - in a registry office of course - she wore maroon - I just wanted a white wedding  I think she thought I was a ticket to the good life. I had a good job, prospects. And she was a slut - I didn't know until too late. One day, I came
What didn't you like about her?
It seemed like a good idea at the time - why did you marry your husband.
then why did you marry her -
My wife  My wife was the only one who really deserved it.  LESLIE do this. LESLIE do that. LESLIE it's your fault... She used to tell me what to wear, where to go, what to do - she mothered me...
Tell me about your wife...
I have something I have to show you...
How long have you been watching me?
Why should I feel sorry - they're dead.
Do you feel sorry for the girls you have killed
Let me ask you, why do you wear black ELLEN CARTER? What are you running from?
Is white an expression of innocence? Do you crave innocence LESLIE?
I don't know...
Is 'their' colour an expression of their inner self? By that I mean, extroverts wear bright colours - so what are people who wear white?
I don't know...
OK, the press call you the WHITE ANGLE because you only kill girls wearing white - why white - white clothes, blonde hair...
I don't want to talk about it -
The press think that the WHITE ANGEL is a woman - why is that? Do you dress up LESLIE?
You know everyone accuses me of being sick - the press, the TV - but I'm not you know - they are - I don't watch it for entertainment every night - I don't sit and watch it whilst eating my dinner - they all say, how could he cut her up? She was dead - I can't hurt something dead - And all this whilst they slobber down their processed beef burgers by the dozen - I couldn't eat one of those burgers, you don't know what has gone in them! 
What did you do with her?
No she didn't...
Didn't DEBBIE deserve anymore?
Because a dog will attack with a ferocity and force that we poses, but centuries of social contamination has run it out of us - that is what sets us aside from the purity of the beasts...Society is rotting - men who once were strong and kept everything working are getting soft - women are making them soft - by the time a pretty girl has reached twenty - she has had three lifetimes worth of fun and attention- so she doesn't deserve any more -
I don't know
my car  I stopped working from my car.  She could have stopped me you know - If she really wanted too. That is the difference between the confusion of humanity and the purity of the beast - If a dog attacked you - you could easily kill it without any damage to yourself - Why then do people get bitten by dogs - savaged? Why?
Oh anywhere - whenever I needed to - Do you know how easy it is to take them? You just pick up a hiker, or someone off the streets - they believe so easily you know, 'Look, I have something to show you' I would say - and that would be it. One girl, I think her name is Debbie - she had broken down on the motorway, and I offered to take her to a service station to call for a tow truck - She just got in and I drove away. When I pulled into the layby and took out my knife - she just froze, and said - what do you want? - I said, You know what I want. - But she didn't. Getting rid of the bodies is just as easy - the first I cut up, put in bags with bricks in, and tossed them off Eldridge Bridge in broad daylight.  The real problem with my work is the blood - there is so much of it - and it all spurts out so fast - like a fountain. It made such a mess of
Where do you kill them...
No - the police say I've killed fourteen - but I've not - I've killed many more. It amazes me how they just haven't found the bodies. What is society coming to when people just don't get missed. I agree, some of them are well hidden - I probably couldn't even show you where I put them - one girl, number eight I think the press called it - she wasn't even mine - I don't know who did it but I didn't
You don't know?
I don't know
And how many people have you killed?
Oh, about six years since I graduated
And how long have you been a dentist?
I'm a dentist
So what do you do?
Yes, one and a half please.
Sugar?
I think I will pass...
If you want any - there's some left in the kitchen
Don't worry - Is that my hammer  Well Just make sure that it's put back in the garage...
Yes - I'm sorry ELLEN...
My names isn't ANGELA...
It says in the contract I can have a lock fitted - is there a problem ANGELA?
What's with all the locks - and hammering
I'm sorry?
What are you doing?
Yes, two please. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry, it's just that I really loved your book
Do you take sugar?
The touch?
I lost the touch
Tell me - ELLEN CARTER  Forgive me for being so pushy, but aren't you a novelist? Didn't you write that terrific book - 'The Color of Fear'?
Sure...
Oh - Tell me ELLEN, I can call you ELLEN?
I really don't know what to say
It doesn't mention 'females only'
He saved my life you know - has he told you...
No he had to - he's just - he's out...
Is LESLIE here?
I had an accident - I fell down stairs...
What happened?
I'm your landlady
Leave!? Who the hell do you think you are?
I want you out now
Yes I can...
You don't own him you know - you can't tell me not to see him!
You heard me - keep away from him
What?
I would prefer it if you kept away from LESLIE
